my people? My ancestors came over post slavery and immigrated 2 the north.Slavery from 6 generations ago is no longer a crutch
": Don't feel your way into your commitments; COMMIT your way into your FEELINGS!" #loveliferehab #sunday at Church!
": My fave new shirt. Follow and tweet a pic to them w/ #SahelNOW in it. We'll make 1 my icon for a day.
#mudmelt Taylor used iPhone for her fantastic photos!
hahahaha he had a mini cooper when we were there one time. I pray that was his wife's or something....
Doing the social media thing for the Secure360 Conference this year.
Twitpic out of date, go to myspace/massiverocketradio for a flyer for tonight benefit for the Haiti disaster benefit "210 to Haiti"
Congratz my dude
Ok now I need a girls name for my story
2 big wins in goal tonight :) 9-2 in the first game, 4-2 win in shootout for the second. Still alive in playoffs
And somehow I just knew I was gunna spill coffee all over myself today...
Selena Gomez - A Year Without Rain.
haha well played
I'm in need of human contact.
Please follow me i Follow u back . :D
heard it?
Having rapturous brunch - Elvis waffle w/baconbananapb. Prep for
Definitely hit a new high with the # of expletives it took me to get out of that parking lot.
what's upp!!
thanks love, but we miss you and please keep in touch
E-BLASTING SUCCESS: We all luv email blasts to get the word out! So make sure you have the right look & language in order to have impact.
My dog has a milk stash :))
a truly refreshing and at the same time, hard truth.
Niall's accent in "Moments"... #CanIHaveAnIrishLad ?
Heads up #MW2012 the security line at the airport this morning is long and chaotic...
i'm so exhausted.
Took over two hours to get home tonight; time for some dinner!
oh hay welcome to the twitta world bitch
RT : Why limit Earth day to 1 day? Get a #free cone TODAY when you bring in a picture of your recycling bin
that does not surprise me. I don't think that I have ever clicked on a facebook add.
find something off-the-beaten, culture, and food in a travel destination. also check discussion #traveltuesdays for ideas
Happy Easter everyone! Getting ready for practice in a few mins.Check the next tweet for a pik of my opponents chest after last nights match
for some reason I do not like this!! I feel like he's out 2 take Kentucky down, more now then ever!!
Yeah, Warren!
Could you please prevent Skip from talking NBA basketball. His lack of knowledge infuriates me. Slap him, too.
are you serious?! Omg that's awesome! Is is warm there?
yeah, lots of happy people.
Peace on your pillow ~ #NightHugs :D
come home soooonn!! we'll hang out!
ps- cause I know I'm impt in the going away calculations :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that you wonder how yall are friends"
thanks u :)
anytimee let's get drunkk when my patna makes his medford return
Printing music, printing music, la la la la lala la!
today was a good writing day. Finally a breakthrough from days of sweat:)
This golf tournament is unbelievable! Phil makes a huge birdie putt then Keegan drains his! Who's gonna win this thing!?
We did the walk in Boston today & I still have donations coming in. Is there a cut off for accepting them?
Anyone been following today? Great example of how knowing your Sciencey shit allows you to distill info better
thank u so much! lets get in touch for the next one :)
whats up my man
Glad you are enjoying the event. Yes we host events days, nights, & weekends. Typically during the hours of 8am-midnight.
the horrible moment when i lose the nail clippers. they're my life.
Welcome to Seattle!!!
Ditto! RT : Websites and blogs with auto music annoy the shit out of me.
Girls that date there best friends ex I dont approve of that!
is gonna tell me one time that he loves that he lovees me
Facebook IPO: A look at who's selling shares in the social network - Washington Post
I just realized I really got my computer stolen:/
Sad. RT "You know what we need in this country? To get less shit done in the senate" - Indiana GOP logic
putting my retainer in for the first time in a month
SORRY THIS JUST PISSES ME OFF QUITTING LIFE IS UNACCEPTABLE !!!!
Wow my mama got rachet in church tonight. Glad I made her laugh to make hee feel better
Just tapped Trestles
Morning tweethearts!! So..it's Wednesday! joy of joys..need more coffee..
#oppo what a way to make a living...
And the #Rockies season has started! Let's go boys!!!
I'm not kidding. I want a cookie.
#ifiwereapet id be a monkey so i can be free n swing frm trees lol
There's a special place in hell reserved for those that try to board a subway before everyone has gotten off.
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend! What are you this year?
FILL THE LOVE TODAY, AND OPEN AN ACCOUNT FOR SOMEONE SPECIAL IN YOUR LIFE!! HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!
i need to start recordin again
Awesome having you all out! Come back soon!
that is awesome! I hope your floor brings you hours of enjoyment!
You aint go tie me down
I just really hope there are no plans for a sequel.
Ninja turtles have taken over Basic Pizza!
Citizens Bank Park: Where players visit to hit their first home runs.
yeah, let us know how that works out!!
Happy thanksgiving i love you! Come to wisconsin please :)
Everyone, have a Happy New Year! Be safe, be healthy, be happy, and be yourself. Rock on my friends ... V
idt i would out my middle name in their lol but yea sounds pretty legit!
I'd Google that for you, Chris, but I'm not an asshole :)
A huge part of my life just ended, now on to new beginnings but still very hard!
Everybody that didnt show me love on my MF B-day! FUCK U... Cause I always show sum love.. So kiss my ass!
Just bought some new running shoes... now all I need to do is actually run.
Sweets from a Stranger has mixed rep but did Squeeze release better album later? Best songs: "Points of View," "His House," "Elephant Ride."
Procrastination = productivity. Except when it doesn't.
Anyone "bringing it" today?
RT " is my savior after Old Port shenanagins #PortlandGirlProbs" thankfully it's in walking distance from our house.
if you wanna party, lemme see you raise them red cups!!! :)
When someone asks me a stupid answer I seriously just want to smack them as hard as I can. #howcanyoubesodumb?
You thought I was just going to be easy when you asked me to be your accountability partner, you were wrong.....
4$ wasted on this bitch !
Taking a limousine to bus stops today to give people free rides. The random riders will also be my co-hosts. Airs Tues. at 7 on KING 5.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. Oscar Wilde
Yea! Haha! The exact one! Then will be also coming to Jersey! Haha
Is anyone doing anything interesting? I'm bored...entertain me clowns...
I'm sorry Llama World was a disappointment. RT : No llamas. Bummer.
I'd like to be the first one to predict that Miami wins the next two NBA titles Favorite this and marvel at it come 2013.
Then you probably shouldn't watch "The One with the Cop" Friends episode... although I do find it quite amusing.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake CAKE CAKEE CAKE CAKE CAKE! !!! Doggy want the kitty!!! LMAO n
The Caps are never going to score.
I'm unimpressed. He might deliver a dandy, but they had the resources to get very ambitious, and they didn't.
Alright I'm dunzo. My back hurts lol.
Oh and their chia seed muffins! Though the quinoa scones were my fave (discontinued now, le sigh!)
I did as soon as you told me. Thanks for informing me :)
Scrabble.... I'm not doin too good.
I can already tell tonight's gunna be one of those nights where I stay up late cause my mind won't stfu
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 61
Better be...OR THERE WILL BE CONSEQUENCES! or something...
It's never too late. Hope this finds you well.
#California #1940census images online at
Thanks Paulie! Happy Holidays to you too! Glad you like the Rhoyia Hope Crozier tune! Powerful, no doubt about it!
On my way to drupalcon! Excited to learn and experience !
Nadal won in str8s and Federer lost a 5 setter. Was rooting for Fed/Nadal final. I must be bad luck for Fed cause he lost last 2 yrs I went
It was nice having a conversation with engaged adults who weren't incessantly checking their phones.
Congrats Rickie Fowler! Reppin' the 951 today on the tour. Awesome #PGA win!
Just finished the game suck and blow
Sometimes you befriend a hot fetish model & chat on & off for 2 years. Then when she mentions on #fetlife she's going poly, you get a date.
going to try it tonight at Horseshoe casino in Cleveland
hahaha! Last night I just went to the movies and stayed up talking with old friends!
It's only one game! Thanks refs!
Elie Wiesel: Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: “Do I have the right to represent the multitudes who have perished? Do I have the right.."
I say the right things, but act the wrong way...
that whole record is fucking rocking. Off the mutha fuckin' chains!
nice, real nice
my ovaries are on fire.
My wife got shoe spam! Thank god. She was having serious left out issues. #shoe spam support groups
Plus im buying a new car this summer..grown up life sucks.
My fav meal is Funyuns w/ a Fruit Punch Brisk...
Judkins Carpet we carpet mill direct! Professional Installation on Commercial and Residential at prices you can afford
ouch , stomachache . midnight . neversleeps
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen get a tan ASAP!
Good morning #Columbus dancers! Remember that salsa dance workshops with start today at 1pm at La Fogata. See you there!
EXACTLY MY POINT.
I've just stopped tolerating consumer-hostility: obtrusive DRM, nags, etc. means no sale. I'll work on my queue instead
hey trevey! long time-- when's coffee?
Engage the user/customer. Again... Hope others are listening.
just wait and see what I gotz on SBK.
not even at all?
I am a big fan of Brown's character and his athleticism. He can pass, hit and punt and is the kind of versatile athlete the #Badgers covet
This one was really something else. Very small production, though. Only 350 cases, but still under $30 a bottle. Phenomenal.
sorry to hear that :/
where did 's brain go? boiling butter in the microwave and now she put it into the freezer?
Thanks. I'll be ok, just upset right now.
When you find an inventory of a laborer and his potentially prostitute wife, that gets you a job right? Someone will just give me one?
oh my girl it is awesome there is 4 parks with rollercosters and rides and even some for younger ones it is fun
- I think Obama has grants if you want to go back.
I have some free time. Come by the office?
It's driving me crazy, just being in the dark.
While comics are stumbling from one overhyped event to another, the animated shows take a more classic storytelling approach.
Ensure the safety of your children at home. Install an alarm system today! 877-760-2143 Serving ALL of Louisiana
Thanks Curtis
Everyday on my grid
#HappyMothersDay to all da moms and future moms out there!!! Sumone made me realize dat even tho it aint of u yet, u still a mom!
Tech is so cool! While heading to the gym in Ohio. I talked to my brother who just ran along the Danube River.
My 11 yr old son told me he n his friends got shot at playing at the park over a month ago...He was scared, not knowing what I would do!
I Dont Know What The Hell I Would Do Without Her
O do you have a shiba inu?
"YEAH!" Normal People: ..... Me: "YEAH 1, 2, 3, 4, SOON AS YOU WALK THROUGH THE DOOR!"
Site Shout Out: Delgado Community College in #NewOrleans helps students file their taxes, get benefits, legal and financial counseling...
hack-athon project? create utility 2map how tweet(s) go thru dictionary & lead to influence topics - if only I cld code :-)
just #microconf for me.
“: Enormous #Bruins banner being crowd-surfed through lower bowl right now. It's almost game time here at TD Garden.” Go Caps!
where the hell did you land, Bozeman?
Cancel the referral request. My seamstress has decided to fit me in....yes! She made the dress!
I hate when I'm tired and my mind decides to think about every fucking thing going on in my life.
Im jealous. Stop. hahaha
" Ihave a white controller , and a white controller .... there gonna make pink" oh austin <3 lol
they be at warped tour this summer. =D
how cool would it be to be able to click on a photo from a site like Monticello and select it to be one's avatar? nifty idea! [-]
wakin up with every mornin till the party will be missed. ty 4 an amazing and unforgetable weekend
Joe Biden is great. He's the gravitas of Al Gore with the inappropriateness of Dan Quayl. Shaken not stirred.
The Riverside gives a standing ovation. Well deserved!
Feet hurt , just about to talk to him <3 28
Goodbye Indiana. See you in three and a half months.
lol I know u are mate
. took the words right out of my mouth.
I actually started out in the archives track, but have switched to general.
hijinks AND drinks, yes please!
What's everyone doing tonight in Downtown Philadelphia after #ALA_PLA opening?
To-day is the pupil of yesterday.
Larry&#39;s Lucky Locals! Every Tuesday get $5 U Call It all night long at the Hustler Club!$100 Buckets of Champagne!Don&#39;t miss it!
Happy to see G Road Alum John Wall. For those that don't know he played from 10U - 16U. Come check his banner hanging in gym.
Ok how im getting to I.U.P
wearing pajama pants during the day tells me that you neglected to use a wash rag and soap before leaving the house
I think Rachel Maddow owes Prez an apology. She attacked him pretty aggressively for his first two years.
didn't see my homie at this fest. Maybe the next one.
This is a battle of wits...unfortunately, you're only half prepared.
as much soul as she put in informing us of what's in the new chicken wrap, she better had... Lmao...
I never thought I'd say it but #Glee needs to go away!
I wish my sweaters were more ironic.
just goes to prove how insane my weekend was hahah
subtweeting is being passive-aggressive which is even more annoying. I say, are the worth arguing with if not, unfollow
be sure to check out sports illustrated article on 49ers QB & San Diego native Alex Smith. Nice work Jim.
ANY kind of communication would have been great in
I JUST.... THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST WEEK OF THEIR SUMMER VACATION AND LOOK AT EVERYTHING WE'VE GOTTEN... I JUST CANNOT. I SERIOUSLY CANNOT.
lmao I used to fantasy draft everytime too. Cuz I figured I couldnt win a super bowl with the real team.
Been away working with clients and oh so excited about these upcoming projects.
My Niggas Trapping Just To Pay The Bills
Sounds awesome! Thx! : We invite u 2 Sparky’s Roadside #BBQ on 204 NE 1st St. Gr8 service & delicious food!
sweet, I will have to start watching it then
Much more from what #Orioles are saying on start and moves on #Baltimore Baseball tonight. Myself, Haynie & at 6.
Thank you!
": dear slim, i drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive?" u won't do it no balls.
hmm, good question. Woman? Calipers? What sites?
Lebron with another MVP award baby. Fuck everyone who said it wasn't gonna happen ever again
Today is the day I wrestle my to-do list to the ground and punch it in its FACE.
you so much!
hi, how are you?
Nicolas Batum (left quad tendonitis) is a game-time decision tonight vs. Houston.
should I be this excited tl go jome after work and download #Thewalkingdead game ? Im pumped !
you needed an article to confirm I'm a good guy???
McBain will win in the smirk-off round!
Is the public market open in the winter? I feel stupid for not knowing this being a city dweller!
“: you missed at the party tonight haha” wait what?
Thanks for the TOTD ! You rock!
“: how are things man? When are you joining us on radio?”everything alright bro. What time r u guys on?
Students needed no help seeing resonance of Chesnutt's 1898: veiling white crime, fabricating blck criminality.
Follow Friday! My new favorite cubist/absurdist twitter feed:
your welcome!
Just saw the security report for last night. Guess we caught people screwing in the coat closet and the parking lot. Lol
thanks for having me!
Don't be jealous
round two of vegetarianism begins today...
BREAKOUT WATCH!!!... FBCD EPTI get it
Bill Cunningham is an incredible man. I loved watching his documentary on netflix. <3
Yes, grape jolly ranchers are very very good for you (:
I don't think Indiana State is going to work out after all.
Just switched to Bing as my default search tool in Firefox...Unbelievable how Microsoft pulled that off ;-)
#thatawkwardmoment when your cheesy pickup lines fail to impress
This summer is gonna rule. Warped and Scream it like you mean it tour. I'D LIKE TO THANK NOT ONLY GOD BUT JESUS!!1!
M,idk. You still havnt givin me my P.E shorts >.<
just keep on texting me instead until you fall asleep.. Would've been more romantic if the whole "calling" situation worked
I can forgive pretty much anyone...except you
is visiting #AeroDef in CA to see if it is a good fit for to exhibit in next year
Headed to a kids yoga camp w and Spiritual Gangster, Terri Cooper!
No more braces asdfghjkl
How did we go from late night 'I love you more' fights to pretending the other person doesn't exist?
We Are So Blessed
tell me it's not like the spiketv show...
this nigga need to stick to sports
i have always been in lovee with her, haha
Nothing feels better than black top and yellow line in front of you for hours on end.
Be sure to #follow all our #SmartShoppers on Twitter! , , and want to hear from you!
Looking for a speaker to address social media & marketing in any business or industry? We can help.
oh yes so much more lol
That's a little harsh. The alcoholism and handoff to Rhodey changed comics.
new single #SCARED MONEY ft now available on
I can't see your tweets without singing Bohemian Rhapsody in my head now.
What did you do today to prepare?
My apologies for blowing up simple Twitter mention bit too much. Pulled from blog post. Anyway, your husband's great. Go M's.
I have all my finals the last week of school kms
long rides in the tractor with daddy in the summer and combine in the fall. Nothing better.
u be Lyin smh u dnt txt me or nun
Let us know how your conversation with AAP & turns out
are your jeans too tight?
I cant wait till my delivery I ordered arrived God I'm so excited I can hardly breath
: looking forward to it! Heading to a church in Lebanon to train 30 willing volunteers. Thankful for for caring.
IU East basketball takes on IUPUI tonight @ 7 check out Radiotroy.com for the call
Hey #ROC did you see today's ?? Kodak PlaySport Video Camera at a GREAT deal - GO FOR IT!!
Off to play with the BS Brass on Kankakee! Happy Cinco everybody!
I am looking forward to this weekend! Crawfish boil & lots of beer!
please help spread the word and stop kony
Your description of your Cubs fandom is true of many, many, many Cubs fans! The Cubs have more social fans than any MLB team
nothing created without experimentation can be called either #science or
feell like butt...i'm not going to school 2marrow... :( </3 wah'
the mornings we don't go to the gym I struggle to get ready. Can't wait for gym time tomorrow!
That's great :)R u doing running start? You'll have tons of fun... Especially with dance team!! How'd your captain interview go?
sorry off today :)
Listening to #Boyfriend by <33
Focus on the quality of life. Add life to your years and then years will be added to your life. :)
Releasing Peyton is definitely the riskier move. Indy has no control over where Peyton will end up. HOU we have a problem!!
Hi Jason, we can help resolve this issue for you. I just sent you mail.
I'm good! How are things on your end? Congrats on your year anniversary at PBS btw
I have No Friends ill admit that .
All GSA vehicles are required to use only "green oil" as of Jan, 2012
I cut my thumb earlier. Its burns
take that shit off bend over let me see it!
Hey Nice to meet you.
and could you please send me a link from your show tomorrow and i sent you precise single "it's on me"
Off to Albuquerque-my first visit there-for #aicmtg2012 Looking forward to the seeing all my #Conservator friends and Stuart Welch from CXD!
Whatever else she may or may not be, Rachel Uchitel is certainly no shrinking violet.
Why am I being so honest with you? Well, you know my biggest secret: that I like you. What else should I hide.
Picture clear as day
Wondering how John Cusack can be so good in The Raven and Hot Tub Time Machine
iOS 5: downloaded. iPhone 4: updated. Especially today, I'm glad I don't own a blackberry.
I dig it
I'm Not Who I Used To Be God Knws I Better Than Before
Screw you, Doan!
You are the Greatest Female Rapper Alive and the Queen of Pop! Damn I Love You!
Its 1:26am... WHY AM I STILL AWAKE?! Oh thats right... Cause I have else nothing better to do... Talk to me people!!!!
OMG its so gorgeousee x
#RIP Dick Clark. #newyears will never be the same
If a P.O. from Compton can make over 100k so can I!
Are you coming to Phillips this weekend? :)
I'm still stuck on these 70's Rush albums. There's so many of them and so far they are all good. I keep coming back to A Farewell To Kings
stop thinking RT : Was thinking first person to hide wallet in shoes while swimming: Genius. Every person after that: Not so much
I really want a tele, I would rock the shit outta that guitar haha
Lol. You need to hustle boo.
Looking forward to Mom visiting me and my sister in Atlanta in 2 weeks. That Red Velvet Cake she makes so GOOD is calling me!!
feels that the "like" feature on Facebook is meek. Seriously? In a word, "Meh."
I don't, I'll check it out! We just finished the 1st season. Awesome show.
its str8 boring at times tho
Clear helmet to helmet on White there…but, Joe Buck said he hit him in the shoulder, so it must have been.
hey follow us on twitter please !!!!!!!!!'
- yes, we do get what we pay 4. A high quality of life w/ a high price 4 gas. I'll gladly take it. ;)
Now Lauren Trapp #motorola #LTNY speaking to internal needs - process mapping, and change management. Reinforcing new processes.
Deuce in the VIP room ya that's right
The chance of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compare to eatin it all at once then brushin your teeth
me to girl c:
If you haven't requested Chuck Wicks on your local radio stations today, don't forget to do so!
This past weekend, I road-tripped a combined 15 hours to do improv for a combine two hours. Worth it?
Thanks so much for the retweet!
protein shake, vitamins and email start my day along with scratches for Schatz
No, Sonny. No.
#Bracesproblem I got melted cheese stuck in my wires
TONIGHT!!! Angry Young Men Ltd. will be putting on their Full Frontal Puppetry variety show at Solstice Theatre! Check 'em out!
#SHOUTOUT to my boy & his AMAZING girl Hope u guys had an amazing weekend :) cheers
In close reach! :)
Happy to assist and we'll look into putting a note on the site about the font variation. Thanks!
In New York City this week for the AES convention!
and this is crazy
Lord knows I'm tired. This double done damn near killed me today
follow me bitches!!!!
Senior prank was weak
: House fire in NE #ABQ near Wyoming & Candelaria. Crew on scene.
Don't get how you follow people who only have 7 followers and you won't follow others who have more
He drank the Kool Aid before I could work on him- lives in Lawrence. If I could only convert him into an ND fan
That is a lot of money! Covers are important though.
thank you. We had a great time at the conference
and exciting! It means I'll be able to use it soon!
We dont know what its called yet, submit what YOU think it should be called and we will pick one of them to be the new song name
Sorry for silence, but have been traveling abroad. Will return next week.
RT “: my dream job would be being a real-estate agent in NYC. so #perfect”
hm, uhh, I like A LOT of genres but I mainly listen to soundtrack like 24/7 because I love movies, similarity haha
Daylight savings: my God, it sucked getting up this morning but it still being light out when I left work made it ok.
exactly, I win. :)
Need to be fucked. I'll be in Tucson this weekend. Hopefully I can have my holes used there.
DAMN!! What a way to end the VMAs. Downloading the album in half n hour.
That awkward moment when a five year old girl is prettier than you ._____.
and a dang good game! Into hour #14. Go Elite. Go Blazers!
was more accurate. orton is decent. nothing more
Thank u RT : S/O to and the whole team!! Grind hard and be blessed!!
Ross just donated $50, which makes him a Power Pal! Thanks Ross!! You're supercalifragilisticexpialiawesome!!!
What is your favorite Talking Heads record?
teams like Wisconsin are the reason they instituted the shot clock in college.
“: Ear candling ... Thoughts?” <----I've never tried it, but totally wanna!
Twittbot feed is not working so well with the new Twitter API. Keep sending and I'll RT as I can!
gorgeous design aside, thanks for all your patience helping us get this baby live!
I have ideas flooding my head that I will start to write after the trip to Europe
While I'm at it: I need to get nominated by a member theatre to attend the conf, called "model the movement." uhm.
NLCHP live tweet on! At kitchen table, where politicians say Americans go to make important decisions.
Trying to figure out how I am feeling this morning ...but I don't have any complaints!!! Good Morning!
well all the good seats are sold out. I don't want to be nosebleed for $100. GA Idaho is $20.
Remind GOP to vote tomorrow--CRUCIAL Supreme Court race. Please remind Democrats that their votes must be cast in Illinois.
challenge for today: see how many people you can get to SMILE...just got 1.... (for real)...total @ 5pm central
Just got to Vintage Ultra Lounge!! I can't wait to see all my friends!! Xxo
Just slept in. Ready for a great day at the #CCCNLC!
I adore
watching spit some strait fire on Alistradio.net
Nobody follows me after they said they would for following some chick
~ So what do the Polian departures mean for Indy?
Shameik Moore Live in studio about to drop his new single "Show Out" ft. Shawty Lo on V-103 w/ LilBankhead & call in 404-741-9833 Now...
and not to mention , tht was to get yu to tell the truth which never happens . go to yur hill and die.
hahaha sure....if that's what you wanna call it ;)
I wonder if I can get him to come and perform at my 8th grade dance 5-25-2012
People turn innocent stuff like bananas and lollipops and NUMBERS into dirty stuff ;)
who u stay with?
A bunch of damn kids from are messing up our shop and practicing the darks arts as I speak.
You sure will! i get in the 21st and staying until the 31st!
RT : Trying to put tgther things to do in madison wi when it's raining... ideas? Cozy up & get ready for
CityStreak is giving away 4 tix to next week's CMT Music awards for the winner of this week's spontaneous CityStreak. www.CityStreak.com
Thank you to Zero Hour on WMSE 91.7 FM for playing "Dirty Girl" today! You can hear the song on our FB Band Profile.
Kobe and big ben heard it forever...prolly still do
definately =] youl be hearing more soon i promise!
And I'm not sure that either metaphor makes sense.
It would appear that every one of my friends are at The Pixies or at home in sweats tonight.
When you ride with you never know what to expect. Today had to other pros, one works a camera the other a down hill bike.
I dig.
Night guess ill talk to you tomarrow xoxo :)
Thanks Michael, will check it out now.
- Bonsallpalooza 2012 a benefit concert in SoCal to save the music at our school district BUSD
Forecast for Monday Night: Showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Southeast winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain near 100 percent.
caller id or Gtfo
Collaborating with our british brother S.O. from Lamp mode records. Should be sweet.
Preparing for Millbrook Community Day this weekend. Hopefully the rain holds out!
Who's ready to sell some books?!
My bestest friend is here !!!!!
Picture books that children will relish: Extinct animals, pirates, cheeky dogs and an adventure in the back gard..
We made it! Happy Friday! Best part I'm taking today off. :)
Hey did you hear the rain and thunder and shit?
Just found out my Heat won!!! And LeBron showed out again!!
it's a freebie for politicians to support popular teams, then spend our $ to lure them for their political benefit
Only til like 5...but I don't really care about seeing Maroon 5 or Wiz and can always drink on my own. She just wants to go all day
If you want respect you gotta earn it It's crazy most people they never learned it
Why would someone choose to be a "Monster", when they could be a Barb?
Mad Men has returned! What did you think of the season premiere last night?
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow. ALL MY LOVE!
Good luck to as he plays in game 7 of the Bill Salonen Cup Finals tonight
Getting ready to drive into Boston. Dinner at Legends Club (and wine) followed by Game 6. I am a CELTIC.
Don't forget to check out the partial solar eclipse this Sunday. It will be visible in Milwaukee from 7:21-8:12PM. Let's hope for no clouds.
Gearing up for open gym on Wednesday night from 7-10 at ACTS in Midlothian. Male or Female. Beginners welcome. $5 per person to play.
you should go to the library with me so i can get my lit letterss
What's with people following back possibly thousands of people, then they unfollow trying to make it as though they are so popular... LAME
ok, drafts commented upon. now to try and clean up this office.
Life is what u make it people complain hoping someone would change it for them so they can take the credit #helpyourself!
I wanna move there after I graduate from college!haha(:
Thank you! I will.
Miami(: you?
you got skype
no problem ! :)
Busy week! ..Look forward to working with students on scholarship thank-you notes!!
Feature #2: "Things that Are Still Here."
I wonder what it would be like to live life with no reins.
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist! Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com ! !
Don't bite the hand that feeds you, someday you might be hungry.
Girl please talking about you been "bad" ^.^
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine!
No, that's why we were at CVS. omghahaha
Left my damn water
What? RT : RT : Bc all from New Mexico r really from Spain: Tourism racist want ad: ‘Morenos need not apply’...
what was so funny about those soundbites at the start of the show?
that's the plan. if i can get my form notarized.
we of course understand if you decline; things have been busy lately!
Yard work and yard work and yard work. I am working on yard more than i do for dancing. how funny
I'm fully grown, just haven't found anything I really want yet for a tat. Love them, just haven't found anything that's me yet.
Love using my Starbucks iPhone app. It scans a #QR code within app for payments
Floyd "Money' Mayweather hosting Monday Night Raw in Sin City!! should be a good one tonight!
At working on an idea for a pilot that takes place in Silicon Valley.
I strongly dislike Boise State. And BSU has a wide receiver named Matt Miller. Brutal.
wait until u see what Move Theory, Alliance for Childhood, and The Play Lady + others partner to do in dc metro area
Me and annie just triend hot sause flaroved pickles!!! nasty!!
chronic complainers <<<< + energy
i submitted comment to ur article on DOS emb & consulates. Couldn't leave my name, but wanted you to know.
Female Dictionary: -No =Yes <U+2640> -Maybe =No <U+2640> -We Need =I Want <U+2640> -We Need To Talk =I Want To Complaint <U+2640> -Am I Fat =Tell Me I'm Beautiful <U+2665>
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
We should all be thankful for Facebook & twitter. The way gas prices are headed, we may never actually SEE our friends again
hey i just dump SHSH on i4 5.0.1 and my jailbreak is gone... any thoughts
#Dodgers sale Monday! New ownership Tuesday
I like it! Better up my skills.
I don't like you . . Go away
is the Real Deal :)
Ugh. Tired. Sleep. Bye.
HR, Ben. Not even from the boss!
shhh that never happened.
Up and @ em ppl...its Fri!
#LNYHBT Someone needs to spoof the Obama FORWARD logo to say FORWARNED ...hehehe Do you like that Sean?
an 8 year old girl performing a magic show at the local art walk last night :D
...hAIL TO THE MIGHTY NEW YORK FOOTBALL GIANTS!!!!!
it's been an hour and they are still outside, wonder what's going on.
Follow me @ twitter/oaksmusic
what up what up
Oh and also I forgot our other local brewery, Pabst. Congrats to you too
Hungry? We're only a 2-minute drive from the circle - come on in for our all-you-can-eat Italian American Buffet!
Pancake week continues at all Sunny Street Cafes citywide! Today's feature - Chocolate Bonanza Pancake (Chocolate done three ways) All Day!
Wakin' to #bacon! Good morning everyone!
Like that!
hey twitter fam!
so yea. she might need to sign her name on that "do not respond" list.
#excuseme lady at the bar its not even 6pm why have you taken your shoes off already? And you went to the bathroom barefoot?
dang if a tsunami cam to north carolina, East High would be #fucked! aahhaa
Hey lady! If you're free tomorrow night at 8, I have a comedy improv show at Playhouse West. Wld love for you to come :)
JEALOUS ~?shelley?~
that really is a huge loss! Sounds like it was not as simple as the owner would have us believe. Maybe an opportunity for others?
what! why?
Come unto me, ye who are weary and overburdened, and I will give you rest.- Matthew 11:28
Happy Friday even if it is the thirteenth. Take the energy of tomorrow and enjoy it today. Love is in the air.
my inner kitty is happy I hope glean gives Dondald a 10 then I might die but I would be happy
MPOW is having a 1/2 day forum w/ presentations from our librarians. Currently about our Chicano/Latino special coll.
back in Morristown
I need a UC shirt/tank
Now I'm going to have to hunt them down.
My relationship >
follow u shud have some in the locker room - if not tell Leroy 2 order some -dbrown my partner
RT : so grateful that u thought of us for this exciting effort! With every $1 2nd Harvest can provide 4 meals!
guys stuff too?
Michigan state volleyball has cheers like softball...wth?!?
Come get your dubstep fix tonight with
I'm loving the live program notes and the 'dim the lights' feature. Fun!
Today’s MOCA Specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
ha ha I know right..what's up bro! Hope all is well with the fam!!!!
What's the best way to study for a final when you didn't do the review packet? Hmm this question will haunt me all day! Grr. 3 finals today.
In the NBA mgmt office @ the convention center. Would <3 to meet u....
Stupid school ): had to miss )):
Are you and doing a thing tonight?
Every Generation Needs a New Revolution
Hi my name is saragrace and I have no balls.
...& "dignity of work" flap does illustrate differences of pol. agendas, but attributing any 1 consultant's view to a party = specious (3/3)
Yes, that's awesome!!!
is now open Open from 8-630. #gwu Time to get
ONE OF THE FUNNIEST SHOWS ON TV RT: what's tosh.O ?
My head hurts, I may vomit, and my body feels of a 90 year old man
Reminder: Tomorrow is MURFC's Home Opener at King Field (16th just N of Highland) at 11 a.m. vs. Northern Michigan.Come support ur Warriors!
Going to Citi Field tonight to see the Mets play the Washington Nationals.
Imagine: "the doorbell rings and there's some flowers at the doorstep and there's a note and it says you are beautiful love Austin x"
i declare a big blessing onto your life and ministry today minister! God bless!
We're watching MTV and eating popcorn. How can something so simple be so awesome?
Im not racist or gayist!!!!
Street Folk Musicians are stupid.
Played my second full round of golf this year at Rolling Meadows. Shot an 81. Not too bad considering how little I play.
yo Q would like to talk to u about a business prop. get back to me
Mad amounts of sp....(dizzle)...am bots crowding my Twitter in-box. I forward to the Twitter police immediately. And log out.
beast among men
White power! RT : White power, huh? RT : White Power Sent to ESPN Mail Facility; Employees Being Decontaminated
There's no Oklahoma record label who loves Everton more. Come on you Blues!!!!
Couldn't get a pic but the DC Cowboys were great!!!
I hear Jamie Moyer is back....
has all around talent!!
me to! I am hardly makin it today!
the believed? Or knew?
Thanks for the mention. Hope you guys are getting some sunshine out of the latest radio hour.
I like to start my day with coffee, oatmeal, one black cat purring in my ear, and the other sleeping on my lap.
I hate when you cut a nail to short that it hurts your finger!!
Good luck bro! Ignore the ignorance and stay humble. You will be great out there. Much success to you.
The 3 C's in life :Choice, Chance, Change. You must make the Choice, To take the Chance, If you want anything in life to Change."
nothing like blasting #UpAllNight in the car with the family ;)
Going to read...be back later. :)
I worked with her briefly back in Ohio! Can't believe she's still doing that graph schtick.
#Joyce's unpublished letters passed into the public domain as of Jan.1, 2012.
he was true but you still hattin
In so much pain ! :(
The Texans are all over Ben Rothlisberger like Rosie O'Donnell eating muff!
#odd arcane laws: In Massachusetts, it is against the law to put tomatos in clam chowder.
Just curious, where might I see photos of Fri night hall costumes? I know I missed some great ones.
What is PR anyway will take place in CE 305
Gotta love near white out conditions when you know you are going to have to drive in it
ha ha ha ok
Happy Birthday to a gr8 Guy who sure can Sang ! Hope u had fun 2day ;-)
fluffy pillows is for hugging purposes. Neck and head pillows should be small enough.. :-)
Shopping with friends is so much fun:)
Dear jesus, why did you make me hate shopping, while loving boots so very much? This is painful.
supporting a local band tonight, Splitfinger! can't wait.
plays tomorrow! I'm so going!
lol No .. Its irritating when ppl say that
no clue):MY FUCKING FAMILY WANTS ME TO GO OVER THERE ON FRIDAY);thats why im gonna tell my mother to make a little partyon friday
excuses, excuses. Lol
you still need to get something for mom? we can help! run, don't walk! we're open til 5! xo
I used to like when his name popped up. Now I just dont care for it.
Morning sexy I miss your chocolate smart ass face!! #LoveSick!!!!.......
Up to all challenges today!
the older I get, the more respect I show (and realize I should have shown) to my parents
..and that fat old biddy, work'en the ranks there..you have GOT to be kidding! No wonder that THING is jealous, omg..
Hello sweetheart how are u tonight??
Happy New Year to you too Jessica :D
Theres a click-able picture to there voting site for the #Hardrockcafe battle of the bands so if you can't find it go to website on profile.
this week went by pretty fast <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Awesome ! Way to tie it up!
Thanks for getting the message out!
I suck pretty bad at it
lol! “: because we both rock/ and do the fandango!!!”
Deleted my tweet about the mysterious disappearance of out NY Times Sunday newspaper. I have no evidence they take it. But (1/2)
are you leaving tech to make gourmet donuts because you don't like the options? :P
I miss you
I know dis heffa aint twacthinn make me come through this fone and jack u up
thanks for following me! You'll read about lots of our fav artists, music news and Rockstar Motel on my feed!
will you come to montreal again really soon?:)
so sorry. i feel your pain. i don't think i will ever be rid of my stuffed up head. (good luck with kimble!)
RT : Is this unacceptable, even if dog was "comfy?" ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?
Soo.. Shower, laundry, job interview and gym!! All tomorrow.. Bed soon!!
I want to believe that. Really. But at some point aren't the odds that #orioles and #bluejays really do catch up?
RT : Looking forward to Cindy Selfe tomorrow at
We love cheap dates in Pittsburgh! Let us know about your upcoming events or unique romantic ideas at $30/couple or less (psst we love FREE)
No school today.Theres snow outside. Sleeping peacefully.Then my friend comes in and pushes me up and takes my blanket. >:(
That guy is such a douche... you probably shouldn't ever talk to him again
Why is there NOTHING to do in this city? -.-
We're glad you're a new fan!
Drew Brees is a savage... I know Peyton Manning is out but he sure as hell doesnt play defense, Indy has quit!!!
We're making a SWITCH, head over to The Upset Victory & "LIKE" our new and improved page!!
if your class got canceled, try us at home yogatailor.com RT : trying to practice... not really that flexible
Hey Tell Mckenzie To Follow Me Asap!(:
lol at least I get to meet one of them
You got one?
Quick trip to the gym before the #Sixers game. These 7pm starts suck.
Good morning Seattle! So it isn't sunny, but it is Friday :) Weekend of arts planned?
Okay so I heard was redoing "Boyfriend" with and I had to listen to it. Honestly..... IT SOUNDED AMAZING!!!! <3
Fun night :)
Oh yay I actually do get to go on the booze cruise tomorrow.
playing in #Chicago at #Kinetic Playground! #Flux Pavilion #Doctor P Afterparty!
Foggy conditions out there on the roads. Drive safely (especially when my wife is on the road with my kids!)
lOOKING FOR A TENOR SAX PLAYER.......HAVE SEVERAL DATES CONFIRMED FOR MARCH..TXT OR CALL..623.204.4999
She never seizes to amaze me. Follow you won't regret it.
Big no-call on the elbow by Florida. Direct contact to the face. I have seen less contact called a flagrant 1.
Eating subway wit d Ginas
Encourage people to ask questions on your company's Facebook page to spark customer engagement and build conversations.
Don’t compare your life with others, you have no idea what their journey is all about.
You tell yo bitch that the next time I see her. IMA BEAT HER AS.
Oh right, local taxes. I knew I was forgetting something. I guess I'm not quite done yet. Sigh.
if Preds gets bounced outta 2nd rd I bet Suter will b leaving & major chages will b made there esp after going all in. Lotta hockey left tho
Austin sprints for outrigger canoe. It feels so incredibly early for a saturday.
i care for you so much. you really don't understand.
With my shoulder finally 70% recovered from surgery, I'm finally getting back in shape after a very depressing Seattle winter.
the 2 new LA south central pound dogs, Benny and Angi are so great. Need a foster home, until I can buy a house in the next 4 months
Takuma Sato is stuck in pit lane, stuck in 2nd gear
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Reuters
Enjoy! I gotta try one looks refreshing
Yeah baby yeah!! RT : epic night
The first interview is taking place today in Charlotte. We'll be in Austin for #sxsw and will be kicking things off there.
Start your weekend right with a glass of Kenwood Cabernet. Notes include: black tea, mint, and olive. Pair it with our steak tips!
Agreed! RT : site should reflect YOU, is your online personality :)
I don't watch a lot of golf, but I love the Bubba Watson story.
Who u b-ballin wit??? lol
Looking 4 responsible interns. Like to write? Like rock/pop/electro/hiphop? Passionate about Nashville's music scene? Hit me up.
Attending the Leadership in Retail & Consumer Products Form today in NYC. Anyone else?
I am obsessed with about 3 people on here. I hope you know who you are
Just listened to a great keynote address on education by Dean Christopher Edley visionary and solution oriented. Q
GOOD LUCK! #TeamAdam You got this Tony! !
#astd2012 the signature of the mediocrity is chronic inconsistency. - Jim Collins
Don't let United cut them, they'll just use Kraft single slices.
Now the hard part--figuring out who to follow.
very sorry and very sad indeed!
SO ITS TUMBLR! IM GOING FUCKING INSANE!
MD House Ways and Means Committee APPROVES bill that would authorize statewide referendum on adding table games and a PG casino
I have just created a new list titled 'Technology' using TweetDeck
Try refreshing the page.
Happy New years Eve! Be safe out there Pittsburgh!!! oWWWWWWWWW!
We're totally thinking of making a side post rock album after this record drops aha awesome idea right?
thanks for the invite!
Others girls are cute but they're just not her
Just concerned the basics are over-looked in favor of learning the new hotness.
indeed lol RT : lmao dont put that shit on me kim if u come up missin then ill put u on a shirt
You're really good! Subscribed :) Wanna check out mine? It's on my twitter
MLA (Montana), Code4Lib, both ALA's, and some other Montana stuff.
No! We missed that, and it sounds awesome! Sending you email!
tell ur mother & grandmother the family said happy mothers day
Ipod has decided it only needs to sync the first song off of my albums.
At the eaton workshop #xam11 Eaton has a great power solution for all your IT needs from desktop to data center needs!
"friends" who constantly make you feel like shit, arent real friends.
just watched First Sunday again....hilarious!
follow back
4pm tour starts soon! Stop on over to see our new tasting room and enjoy this beautiful day!!
Thanks for the follow Kyle! Let us know if we can help fund your ideas!
The F.A.A. & others are running out of reasons we can’t use e-readers on planes during takeoff and landing t.co/1jCMHaYM by
Tonight is so star studded after last year's snorefest, it's almost like the nominations were designed for better TV.Just sayin
Hermann's in AA. Rivera and Towles are at A.
Girl you think your ass can out bitch me?!?! Pshhhh please...NEXT!!
I already told you babe im NOT gonna accept your $$&
Now I gotta try to break this off...going to walk my dogs to clear my head. Thanks ::hugs::
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Porn :*
I don't think this is the time to be messing with celebration traditions. So, definitely tacos.
Love a good mediterranean plate
--have exclusive training programs. Clarins might not allow a Clarins associate to learn how to sell Clinique, Lancome, or Estee Lauder.
Parents, what are your experiences with #teens with #autism? Are they interested in the opposite sex?
Please follow... Need to ask question in DM.
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET WWW.PLAYCOLLEGEBASKETBALL.COM WWW.TXRECRUITER.COM
Great Wedding!
how bout a RT for your biggest fan in Syracuse!!
shes a mb/omg fan.she made a twwet about talking to digyy and now the jetsetters are acting like tm.smh.
didn't get the chance. Working on the mag.
DK was a MUCH bigger disaster than Arnett b/c he was the 10th pick, EA was the 26th. Also: Arnett not done yet.
I do (journalism) because I can. And a lot of my colleagues cannot. - alfredo corchsdo at
THAT'S JUST MESSED UP, I'M IN SO MUCH PAIN, I'M EVEN MISSING A PIECE OF MY GUMS, AND I HAVE TO GO THE DOCTOR TOMORROW
He is so cute
Sounds good to us, Alan! Too legit to quit. For all your study needs, you know where to turn.
Can't sleep! So I am checking out Make-up Professor videos. Love the concept and the dots. I am thinking they should be stars
Hard fought first half. #atlanta_hawks not going down easily in key G6 road situation. #BostonCeltics 47 41 at Half.
You... With ur switching sides & wildfire lies & humiliation
I am not speaking figuratively... Men literally walk over broken glass to see me. If women do that for you...can we be friends?
My parents have caved. They're meeting me in Myrtle Beach after my bike tour for a little R&R at the end of July!
#Payphone is a GREAT dong for break up :( Thanks Jerk......FUCK YOU!!!
You're doing great! Keep it up. Good luck.
Rock my world until the sunlight. Make this dream the best I've ever known.
Hmm... purring cat on my arm is a good thing.. ^_^
Today is new beehive day! Pictures to follow!
I wish the seniors were close:(
Yes, Yes Yes!! Then you can be part of Team Tampico :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Hope everyone's year is successful!
On da way out of town wit the bro #YCEE #417 if ya don't know...don't ask ahha
I miss you already!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
happy mothers day and ~
#caa2012 Nick Mirzoeff: question is instead can we *think* in a way that's not onl in market terms?
It's amazing how I don't hear on bit of party bickering to create jobs here in SW FLa. It's amazing what the housing does for the economy
Consistent victory is the difference between people who practice till they get it right and those who practice till they can’t get it wrong.
Is Paul Gigot @ WSJ a bigot? Well, IJS...you don't have a name like that and have talk that backs it up for nothing!!!
no promises, but let me know when u go.
twitcon >>> you're beautiful.(:
thanks for the great article!
Want to hear the good news or the bad news? Good news? I get 2 comp days. Bad news? I have to work this weekend to earn those days.
lmfao, i admit i am a crazy gf lol
it was incredible haha
WIND WIND GO AWAY! I'm totally lazy being inside.
Bording on the plane to Vegas now. Can't wait to see Momma! :)
well you just made an interpersonal tweet. That's pretty interactive. Lol
We find comfort among those who agree with us-growth among those who don't. -Frank Clark
You Fuckin SUCK how can you deny Rachel she obviously blessed so i guess ur jealousy subconciously overcame , u will bejudge
We can't disagree with that.....floatable massage tables?!
oh gosh!!! Ugh that sounds terrible!!
eventually I'll see everything crystal, and fire like an automatic pistol
Great enthusiasm in the Blue Film Festival in Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca. More than 250 children & adults enjoyed a fun & educational evening
Fine, don't believe me! Mood
Fellowship w/ Faith World Orlando this morning. What an awesome service! #ShoutUntilYouAreOut!
you leaving the iPhone behind?
guessing they don't trust Eveland tomorrow and want to save pomeranz
The Lions coach needs to get his player anger management and then put them boys back on the field smdh! Oh well F'k it #WHODAT!
were you in winnipeg?
benefits of exceptional customer experience are clear: 400% higher conv, 41% lower cart abandon, 17% more recos
I love Georgetown and I want to get into the McDonough School of Business this fall !!
Heroclix Infinity Gauntlet tonight 7pm!! Come see if you can save the world or destroy it!!
TONIGHT!!! The Lodge COME SEE US!!!!
They did just fine with Sarah Palin's actual words :D
listening to U on the radio...congrats on 1st album 2yrs ago!!
Thank you!
Thanks for my free bday rental ! Just picked up Crazy Stupid Love to watch tonight with
Pshhh, enjoy the day you have now. Who knows what adventures could come up before then ;)
Yes, exactly. Always work to improve!
No. The same effect
My heart goes out to his family dam I another good person dead dam
i hope it's a torrental downpour!
Does anyone else experience at once profound joy & profound sadness when reading Audre Lorde? Black lesbian mother poet warrior. Deep love.
His Wife Would Put “Efferdent” In A Glass Of Water Tell Him It Was “Alka-Seltzer”…At Least His Colon Was Cleaned “Minty Fresh” Overnight…
Happy #FF to some #FitnessFollows and
haha yeah. I'm not going cause none of my friends are going,and a lot of people said it was lame :P
. seriously....what's going on with my order? It's been two weeks and you charged my card. I was excited, but it's fading...fast.
Just had a shot of flax seed oil, followed by apple cider vinegar, and finally a bag of mini cheese crisps!!!
wave to the camera, Jason!
if you get back on your acct... What are you going to do to it?
My physics professor is way too enthusiastic about the demos...lmao
i wish i was alot like you my friend. i truly admire you
YES PLEASE.
idk why not?
Hey... Do you remember when we used to talk all the time, and hang out like every day? Yeah, you have no idea how much i miss that :(
Ha I wonder....sick video though!
I a verizon blackberry bold for sale hmu if your interested!
Thinking I'll put the Bloglines export into Netvibes for total all-library-stuff portal
MONKEY TRUCK by is published today. Look out for Michael's guest post on the blog for an inside scoop.
Can I please be one of those people at Kidz Bop that takes inappropriate lyrics and turns them into neutral boring rubbish?
time for a few brews.
Everything happens for a reason I just wish It didn't have to happen like that. Smh
Did you know that the Library of Congress is permanently archiving all public tweets since the inception of Twitter in March 2006?
Please follow me (:
So many things would never happen if it weren't for volunteers. Well done!
your moking again?!?! What, me wanna roll up with youu! Lol
Sr Elaine Polcari, SSND was a great friend and a true example of love in service and action
good morning hope all is well and enjoy your day
WWF friends: Sorry I've been too busy to play. It was good while it lasted... We're not broken-up. I just need some space right now.
Um...was the pie served in cups?
your to big
thank you. forreal shelby. means a lot (:
On this Sunday in September, the number 4 has nothing to do with a certain QB. Go Brew Crew!
People of #Williamsburg. Come buy our t-shirts at . We're selling the last of our original designs.
Cleanout update. Found some ex-rental Star Trek Voyager videos- god I hope I got them in a sale not8xn
Happy #MothersDay to some great moms (and supportive friends)!
Why are you dying inside?
itsjus a song no worries
those dryers must be super-powered!
": "I AM BEAUTIFUL, NO MATTA WHAT THEY SAY!!!!" -the first piece of bread"
just depends on what you lookin for? I don't charge by the hour, an you get as many revisions as you need. What you lookin for?
Rocking out to #MyOnlyHero in my car on the way to work today :D
Olive Garden with my family for Mother's Day
What's your take on the Critoforiaso?
Great! God news. Share new smile ))
Thanks for the follow, your timing is perfect - intentioning stones for a friend
Up and at 'em.
I was looking for an "It's always happy hour, let's do it!"
RT I've been watching all day! “: Also, Property brothers is amazing!!! #Iammymother”
This Convo Is To Funny!
Great to know that when I am weak,there is someone there to remind me...It's normally the guy in the mirror.Prayer speaks life & heals hurt.
This bitch breath smells like train smoke
I got it
2k white girl?
Tip #5. Choose healthy snacks. It is wise to choose snacks from different food groups.
Missing him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
OMG! Why are we married! That song was amazing!! I absolutely love it<3
smart cat
At fugi steak house with gabe....ching chong wing wong cant understand ya
Wish I could stay home.! Really should
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
sry im late bro!!!Happy thanksgiving man
I know the old you and you know the old me...not now.
Narcissus - Say Anything
R.I.p. Tragedy, big nose Joe, showtime, Kal kapo ......
Today's agenda: contacting Miami hot spots/hotels to find a phenom venue to host the #EPAMIA chapter's Launch party. Woot woot!
So over having a surgery EVERY year but it's better to have them and be in less pain then have them and risk getting something worse.
Lol! RT : that is a very, very dangerous idea! too tempting :)
This Song Is About You "Baby" by Justin Bieber
Work from home with a computer and phone, no experience necessary, Weekly pay! Call at 1:00PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
thank you for your service,support, and kind words. Best to you and yours.
When you drive past cows, do you moo at them?
Where u sitting bro ?
RT : #parkbenches are at the best price of the year!: This Cast Aluminum and Real Oak Park Bench is absolutely gorgeo......
Rumors in Boston and Philadelphia indicate Charleston, SC is a target for a second British army in the coming months.
Here's what we've come to... Matt Zahn just cheered for a pickoff attempt throw to first
A couple of more weeks
Oh! For me too - completely counting the days :)
wait actually im not in the group! lol sorry someone invited me, how can i get in it?
See you then! RT : Finished driver meeting at Ill be driving at #sunmmerfest tomorrow after 9.
We must give more in order to get more. It is the generous giving of ourselves that produce the generous harvest.
I got katy´s new music!!! LAST FRIDAY NIGHT xD
we are going to green screen this scene right Jenn?
I find it interesting that the author has no objection to the whitewashing. Interesting and sad
Why is my soar throat back?? Go away! You're not wanted! ):
I would I would I would but I'm already here,b!!
Thanks to everyone who made Tape a success! Stay tuned for news about our annual fundraiswer coming up in January :)
No, but I dream of it! I live in a desert and the only place I can have a raised bed is covered in shade most of the day
The latest 5K pix are up. FB doesn't publish them on the wall the way it used to but you can find the album by clicking "photos."
your tooth paste made me feel like SHIT
Ugh my eyes are burning. Time for sleep
I just want to take my test and peace out to this semester.
I Cried When I couldnt turn back the time, to where I would have met you first
Ohio 2014 CB Alonzo Saxton on his #Badgers offer: "I know they are a good academic program and one of the best in their region."
words to live by lady!
Sure, I wouldn't mind. Would you like proof? (:
nope noope, and you better follow mebback. :(
Free beer Friday at tonight!! 18+ welcome. Doors open at 10pm.
is Amazing!!!
of course my old MacBook weighs the same as three textbooks LOL!
There are new pedagogies in these new tech environments to be discovered...and for us IT folks in higher ed, supported says
I'll be at a steering committee luncheon today for #AiMA focusing on special interest groups for #mobile, #search, #social media and
Thoughts on this being a "favor" being done by Harbs/Alex as leverage play for Condon/Manning? We all know the ties.
It will be a toss up today, will the worst bit of my day be the dentist or the gym?
:) so what you wanna talk about :)
By the way. We are totes badass! Dont ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
Following the Twitter page of North Korea. Posted links are surreal. Photoshop filter used: Holy Propaganda! Check out
It's an AMAZINGLY beautiful day here in #Chicago. The sun is out and shining-- i just wanna shout out in the streets "MERRY CHRISTMAS!"
I'm off to school now. Gym and biology test, let's do dis!!!!!!!!
I am a gemini and would like to join gemini unlimited.
Gotye is just the cutest.
he's from Virginia, remember.
After sending a risky text, a minute feels like forever.
is it weird when you have to #unfollow athletes from your favorite team because their tweets make you like them less
You know it's a good day when you hit all the green lights driving to work. :)
SO... TRUE... RT : Few celebrate like the men that find out they ain't the daddy on Maury.
What time does the dance start and end?
what's your question?
Off to celebrate 's birthday and the #GirlScouts100 year anniversary at H Street Country Club with other fab MEP2012 ladies!
Last mod dates on the files put the diskette as mid-1997 vintage. (USB Floppy Drive FTW!)
This power play needs to get going!!
“: switch UTA to Espn channel.” Seconded!
Watching RedAsphalt.. Ok
Have extra ticket to Hirshhorn Song 1 event this Friday evening. Interested? Ready for a break w/great art & a spring night?
"On paper I'm one of a rare few African billionaires, but because of the devils attack I'm focusing on the Non Profit, & not investors=poor"
With My Tia Raquel yay:D going to get out nails done woot!^-^
Anytime is a good time for Carnival's burgers, dogs. and ice cream. Order through S2YD.com and get FREE FRIES or ICE CREAM w/ sandwhich
#KirkCameron is a growing pain in my ass.
You desired my attention, but denied my affections.
whats the front look like cause it looks very 'dressed up" like evening gown dressed up
I LOVE YOU (: PLEASE RT IF YOU SEE THIS
what are you talking about lol?
yew I got 2 why?
It was perfect. No pain, all gain. :)
Thanks, Andrew. I look forward to reading your diss. Please let me know if I can help.
Thanks again for the super rad show last night, Donnie. You're a great host. Let's do it again!
I think there was a certain SNL character at 19? (thanks to Andy for giving us plenty of teasing ammo)
protecting u from guidos everywhere.
well they said that osu was most beatable two seed they proved that wrong already haha.
Was that a tweet or not a tweet?
don't try to ball my babymomma out like that! That's my baby for life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
About to go take my last final for the semester.
Why wouldn't the #Rams take Broyles from Oklahoma? He would have some familiarity with Sam Bradford & the kid has great hands.
Will do!
The way my bank account is set up.. is too funny!
guy wants to play JTs like his name is Sir Pugsley
Yankees cheating? No fucking way!!!
just tell me who and how on Friday.
Win the NCAA “: Happy St. Patrick’s Day! In Chicago, they dye the river green. What does your city do to celebrate?”
Lmfao RT : Bracie always say taking a number two is a mind thing... #NeverPush lmao
Good to have back from vacation. Paired with , you guys were cooking on the gator today
It's pretty sad the direction Crossfit went with Reebok. They could have done a lot more to help people but seems to be all about $$ now.
I will not stop tweeting until #teamgreek9 wins
coffeecoffeecoffeecoffee!!! please wake me up!!
For all of you animal lovers! I guess that tomorrow 10am is the Open House for the new Ozaukee County Humane Society!
which bailed out bank paid for your sponsored tweet? Those were MY #TAXDOLLARS, We aint gonna take it! for #president!
You can't change people or the past but you can change yourself and your future
This #insen business is just absurd. The trend also makes me question progressive hope in generational shifts promising future success.
Beautiful day full of softball and baseball games. Time to relax and curl up with a good book.
pop-punk warm up show tomorrow @ All Asia in Cambridge. In prep 4 our all ages blow out EP release party 4 The Control on the 25th @ Church
OK, this whole simulator sickness thing is really getting annoying now.
Getting ready for work . *Sigh*
I want a job where I can travel so bad. I'll move anywhere. Any ideas?!
depends on which fighting you talking about...light heavyweight in UFC is around 205 which is what I was talking about
it depends. I go after certain energys I feel. I'm very Madonna with my sexual choices. I love a sexy face though<U+2764>
Happy 175th Birthday #Texas :-)
Wow, we're nearly ready to launch App in Seconds!! Just setting up the Facebook page and YouTube channel right now. Watch this space....
Thank you to who ever bought me and my girls a bottle of champagne....
Time Warner sees growth after Harry Potter movies - The Associated Press
looking forward to another game of Marv very carefully pronouncing #NorfolkState. Trying so hard not to say nor-fuk
": Step ya cookies up before they crumble"
oh yeah I forgot about that lol
Thank u Lord for today ,,Have a wonderful,productive day tweeties!!
you threw chunks of ice at last night from across the bar thanks
every one check out ludovico records on facebook young and hard working artist from minnesota st.paul, joe b garvin blocka
Thank you! RT If you aren't follow already, follow for a chance to win an overnight stay!
MFA Studio Art, MFA Design, Senior Studio Art, and Senior Design: four shows, one space. Come check it out!
i know you have tix to see abt, but nycb has a new program featuring patti lupone- see that!
Get down here and qualify to win a new HOUSE!
Live life for the moment, because everything else is uncertain
I do
I think its time to send the Red Sox team to the minors & bring up the 1st place www.pawsox.com Paw Sox. Theo the fans deserve
sure. But just let u know, I cant go out on weekdays
Dick rider
I haven't really been on twitter so didn't see that. I was going to say she must have been hitting drugs hard to age that badly...
congratulations. Let the fun begin. Lol
that is incredible!
#DASER "The function of the artist is the mythologization of the culture and the world." -- Joseph Campbell, "The Power of Myth"
Excited for work tomorrow. RT : This Saturday April 28th from 11am to 830pm. Fear, Jello Biafra, Circle One, + more
And the winner of first beer of the weekend? IPA
Thanks to the for having us yesterday!
Thanks for the Follow!!
What a shot!!!!
Just got done doing some flips. Getting my back whips and raiz down pretty good
RT : Sometimes you have to reflect back to the places where God took care of you, to remind you he can do it again.
I don't know the hours of your school lunch room, but I'm guessing it's closed now. Sorry. :(
The Clam Cannery is seeking submissions from artists! Our art gallery opens June 1st! Please contact
I know, makes me sad, they're the reason I watch! Might go to my friend's Sat & watch. New Quinn ship is :( Gonna watch S4?
you're a little delusional there!
KICK ELIZABETH AND SHERRY OFF THE VIEW !!!!!!!!!!! SO SICK OF THEM AND THEIR IGNORANCE POINTS OF VIEW
Bout to to to 1919
alright I pitched one over!
If you drink, don't drive. Don't even punt. - Dean Martin
thanks for the support!
I triple-booked appointments for 9:30 this morning. So far, no one has shown up.
Coffee and Cracker Jack. Late day energy.
Mayor Cory Brooker is a true HERO!
we on this weekend or what?
Let's pretend we didnt see tht and let the legend live on xD
Shoutout to the KYGO listeners that gave me the traffic tips tonight!:) #teamkygo !
thank you SO much for the follow!! bringing clean drinking water to the developing world is a great cause, and my passion!
Smoking stunts yr growth! : BREAKING: N.C. voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.”
He needs to read Paine, Locke, & the preamble. Rights are laws of nature of the people, not from govt.
Harry potter weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
YW have a great weekend xo
he is easily corruptible !!!! Just make sure he makes it home to my bed !
Thanks for another stellar #OpeningDay! We got Joe Morgan on tape- coming soon chan.411 yfrog.com/h0nw6hzwj
Rather Be Dead - Refused
howdy bud! How goes it?
the ride from the old safeco tower in the udistrict to lake union would be epic!!
haha I'd love to hear that at Yankee Stadium. "all other AL East teams have inferior potassium."
how r the boys?
Requesting "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene. Pls play it :)
What's the difference between a monster and a mouse?A monster makes bigger holes in the skirting board.
#oomfneedsto go to hell
#TGIF! Who wants a free $1 drink? MSG me and I'll send ya one!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Disney runs out of ideas for new movies, so they just rerelease old movies in 3D.
thanks for the mention today!
pretty active! 2 yeast packs look nice.
I'll come to the softball thing (: and what u mean no ghetto?0.o
Working the NPS Civil War to Civil Rights booth 12-2. Stop by to say hi and pick up your own set of trading cards!
I must've missed the seizure/strobe warnings at the Sleigh Bells show, or else tort law allows me to send them my next optometrist bill.
A new movement: inspired by #OccupyWallStreet, now
Email from friend: "Why is it anytime anything insane happens on West Coast, it's 99.3 percent assured it's going to be in San Diego?"
@ skyline bout to eat good
The least of my worries
That is good 4 u I gotta wait a couple more weeks 2 get a few days off. R u doing a staycation 4 this summer break?
“: Can we give his 100th Follower? xD” Done! : )
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont BIEBER, GAGA, DRUGS, RELATIONSHIPS, NAME BRANDS I CANT AFFORD........
Good Morning "Angelic Voice"
"when yu coming down here "
I want to see them blow that hideous thing up
ESPN hasn't been good to hockey for years. ESPN can suck it IMO.
Talk about being greedy, #Xen is sure looking good to me over VMware I just can't afford it.
Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar "supply chain sources," but 9to5Mac knows a guy w
hey haven'd heard from you in a minute, what you up to?
Think there's a bacon-chocolate wine out there? Fingers crossed.
the British Library on my Ipad? I'm in
Yes! Which color combo do you want? Red on white, white on red, or powder blue?
Just saw the previw to hunger games it actually looks good and some ppl say that the book is boring
I'll keep that in mind when I decide to put my hockey mullet in cornrows once the season is over.
These will be the years
Why would Chicago take off Grazzini? Injury or content with 1-1 tie? Has to be one of them. You don't take him off to try to win.
FLYING BACK to Los Angeles today after visiting family. It's back to auditioning and studying year round in L.A.
CC Sabathia and Yankees agree to contract extension
#RVA, if you're interested in working on next year's #BlackLove Fest, please email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail.com
You couldn't find my score... but I did? Tf. Now I gotta drive all the way back there! Ugh
played amazing game bball we won 37 to 15 :P
I'll take that one. The mansion on the Ocean. Throw in the topless models and we have a deal!
I may have just come up with something really sharp for this rewrite. Or else really stupid. Trying it out on some folks.
maybe theyre just really hungry?
A ton of UL fans are currently tweeting Jalen Lindsey. I bet Mark Ennis won't say a word to any of them. Bias
Rocking my KState shirt in ATL tonight...gotta keep my Wildcat pride!
sorry *throws taco out window*
Style Tip: If your extensions are glued in, don’t use hot irons near where they are glued in. It will melt the glue & may damage your hair!
bitch, I served you that pie!!!
you're so cute! Love you! Is seeing anyone? He is Super cute! ;)
launched h2ofriendly UK today. Get pumped
"Do you like brown rice and vegetables?"
I said to my right. In the bleachers.
Always a bit surprised (and disappointed?) how few Linux users there are at these DH affairs
Calm down on the foundation girl.
Right what girls lol
Has any councilmember supporting measure attempted passing contracts online thru council?
Nice grab, !
New Income Opportunity. beautysnatural.amanation.com. Get in on the ground floor.
Fri night reading
Call It: Texas Hold 'Em or 5 Card Stud?
This is like the most laziest bday I ever had and Im happy about that this year not gonna be as big as my other bday I had before
Thanks for the follow!
"Good Monday" to all our followers! I hope you are all well!
just stopping by your twitter feed to say hi. Have a blessed day.
Haha nice. Yeah it was just one ensemble bow with the band interspersed. I was next to Adult Female near the center!
That was a flop... Man up Harden!!!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Neil Owens °Rising 6th °Pasadena, CA °Travel Team: SGV Blue °Point Guard 5’1
Think the whole clippers team should be
On the contrary, I am skipping very UNwelcome screens when I sign onto Seriously, guys. #WTF? #epic #ux #fail, and a
I think there's not an oenophile alive that wasn't sweating that one. Makes me happy!
but but but but theres so many options lol " I got options ahhhoooo" *serves hips ;)
I think just hates anyone Southern w Talent! The FiddleHeads were awesome tonight! Love that group & I KNOW they have talent!
Q4. Match the instructional methods to learner's knowledge. Provide stepwise instructions just for novices.
Maybe youre just not good enough to give it to. Stop calling women bitches RT : Bitches rather twatch then give da pussy up
Calling it a night!
I agree Jess! I need one to!
It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. I enjoyed it well enough.
What happened to your Celtics?
RT : Don't think so hard -- and edit so much -- when blogging. After all a blog is a journal :)
about to take my ass home ..
Train is old
Something is wrong when you are eating ricotta cheese out of the tub like a wombat
Thanks for following me!
The best 30 for 30 ever
I said that why did u put that on
you made me jealous. I want my braces off too. :/
Youngblood just starting on Versus... wife says, "no boobies!" I say the whole movie is as good as boobies...
it's law of the land, not "my idea". I wk w all kinds of ppl blk, wht &other, ppl need $$ bak frm #federal gov.
pull over and call me or your father.
Are you in SF for Where? I'm heading out tonight & staying thru Wed. Maybe you can sneak me into CfA office?
you might try letting your production speak for itself. Actions speak louder than Tweets.
If you get on cam I'll watch you.
name it "The Kettering"
Went to the beach to see Boo Boo.. Now eating at Islands:)
you got it. Thanks for caring for our safety. And thanks for coming yesterday.
Theres so many parties I'm doing this month!!!
Watching Oprah's Lifeclass on OWN with my best girl. So meaningful especially on the eve of Thanksgiving/so much to be thankful for.
Right back at ya! Thx!
hope so! Would be sweet!
“: How's Florida bro?” going good man, about that time to get the season rolling.
Finally saw The Announcement. Would've liked Q&A w Converse folks, other partners of Magic. Also: 90 minutes w/out noting Magic's net worth?
could use some coffee...weather here today is like Portland. rainy and grey.
I know where that is. I'll be there this week for sure.
To grandmother's house we go...
I can't see too many folks wanting to eat colorless Jello. :P
and embarrassing!
I officially want to declare my love for Gotye's State of the Art.
lol you know you'll find a way
Setting up new Toshiba thrive tablet and this thing is awesome I'm so happy!!!!
#dontactlikeyounever ate cereal wit water
same to you!
Take me away to where u are :)
Still not much action yet.
Simply amazing!
TRUTH is nothing more than a Light to expose what we don't what anyone else to Know or see.
#inthesummer I like to have random water ballon fights. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
We like the way you think! We'll see you soon! :)
You know you just gained at least 80 new fans by having that Brewcity Bruisers sticker on there!
Great day with some of the Gordon & Betty Moore Foundation's program officers talking comms strategy. How do you plan to make an impact?
Only 8 days of classes :)!
aw :) yea u always call at the right times
Come see Paratext at the upcoming ACRL conference in Philadelphia, PA, March 30-Apr 2. We’ll be at Booth
se is vulnerable to attack.' via Anas Alahmed of Indiana University
you are probably right. Looks like it's right up my alley!
What do you think of the G8 summit being moved to Camp David?
It sucks that the nfl ruined kickoffs...
In process of organizing free screening of The Visitor on Oct 2 in Minneapolis to highlight growing number of detentions and deportations.
please read my full profile on facebook myspace thank you
lol whatever. When do you get back?
End-of-Shift Bus Driver's Seat
TRAFFIC ALERT: The right lane of 1-39 SB at mile post 148 (near Stoughton) is closed due to a vehicle fire. Delays expected.
awesome! Thank you!
Yay! I actually got this one!!
We're now on #Google Plus! If you're on add us to your circle! Hope to see you there!
a cabbie shooting in North Minneapolis. Police have limited info-- but we'll give you what we know at 5am on
follow me!!!:D
yes!!! I can't believe them missing these field goals.
Some people freak me out.
I know ! haha, it's my plan. Totes duders!
DVR: Engage. RT : Hey I think live at the beacon (the thing I'm in telling jokes during) is airing on Fx in about 7 minutes.
Do u serve low to moderate income taxpayers? Join conference call next Tue on IRS Free File & EITC. Email for details.
This year has been the best year of my academic career.
Q3 via Robyn Boswell: What adventure/disaster have you had because you mis-interpreted someone?
Lovely round tonight at Indigo with and ...now drifting off to that thing called sleep
zomg! he's such an idiot!!
Thanks for the follow! ES is THE #arkansas #artists' town. Need to get to my home county soon!
Hey eVeybody Follow !
email we had a server crash
How fun! What are you making?
I don't wanna hear none of that they playin Yo boy so u can't be fans of them this series
bfjffjdkcnfjreoskx i'm jellin' right now. Ima use my moms phone...
Miguel is next in the ATX!!!
already miss. i need to know where the pretty ladies be lol
aww :) thanx lisa, I am too; Oakland gave me back my true self and the most amazing people like u
HAHA! though I found the ending wimpy RT : I really can't believe they killed off Dexter to end this season! WOW!
shouts out to my roomate follow
That's what I said, early 80s Martin Starr. Everyone knows he's had two glorious phases in time.
Wrapping up a very productive week and heading to LA for the weekend. Only bringing one project with me this time! ;-)
Thank you for the RT!
I hope we can talk soon, don't be afraid to tweet me when I'm in school okay? :) Love u so much :***
I love America
RIP to a great guy and great Coloradoan, Jerry McMorris. Awesome dude and proud to say that I knew him.
Love is like the wind you cant see it but you can feel it.
Goes with tonights episode (prev post)
We love you, Miss Hannigan!
Bad air scorching dry heat in the triple digits that doesnt let up...holy mother of jesus i might as well be in bakersfield.
Calling all Herbivores!Try our Village Green sandwich/salad.Wheat bread,avocado,tomato,carrots,cheddar cheese & Jungle Herd Spinach Pesto
Guess I'm a bit jaded on this one. I'm usually thinking you should almost never assume stuff is free. Def. don't like tricks tho.
finally show time today! So nervous... hope I do well! =) <3
i go to sleep early...i wake up early
Another gorgeous day on the Bay at One Union Recording Studios!
I have accepted a role(s) in David Mitchell Robinson's Olympic Village. To be put on by the Alliance Theatre Acting program Winter Players.
I'm at MJQ wit it!
Finishing a show at another RV park. So much fun, packed house! These people love to laugh!
Let's go Ravens!!!!!
may be you should get a bike. Or a real job.
Got a really cute pair of shoes today!! :) Can't wait to wear them tomorrow!!!<U+E13E>
Lockwood Overture brass lever update - Infolink Architecture & Building
Thx for the review and the comments. Will pass them along. Hope you'll be able to try out our other hotels in DC sometime!
Bought our tickets more than a week ago! Can't wait.
Is J on Twitter? Can't find her....??
watching babe do the rest..i can't do anymore.
Don't try harder, do harder
Larry Bird & Magic Johnson on Letterman- completely entertaining! Not to mention the comedy of Dave is bringing it tonite.
Your pictures are awesome, and what a big crew you have!
Ex-wife of former Vandy chancellor supports medical marijuana bill
I feel like I'm cheating on Sporting by wearing my Cubs jacket. Oops?
this is like watching Serie A games 15 years ago in the US.
Nope, that was not my quote. Just 1 in response 2 my posting opposing sources u provided. Checking the respondent's reasoning
Today I celebrate three wonderful years of marriage with my lovely wife !
what?!? Why? Crazy cool.
Kennedy says in#civility sometimes furthers moral agenda eg brown and nat turner because reasonable people of good wlll may be mistaken.
is synced avatars the problem or unified spot for identity?
Rosey can cook, and andy can make the cocktails, and phil and i will enjoy!
No problem - can't wait to hear the record! RT S/O to I appreciate everything!!
We may go to jail for the rest of our lives tonight, but hey, we had sex...
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If Your Exteremly Ghetto & Illiterate . Come On Now.
RT : #Aquarius can be gentle and soft like a summer breeze and then turn violent and angry like a hurricane. >>>ROFLMAO! Help! :
6pm tonight: Grove tasting @ the 1618 Wine Lounge in Greensboro @ 1724 Battleground. Join us if you can.
One breath at a time. Hang in there.
ditto. So dissapointed
"You can't use RubyGems itself to install RubyGems. That would be like asking a baby to give birth to itself. Use yum to install RubyGems."
MT : favorite COM moment this year: being a part of the team/joining and winning a telly.
youu guys know u are tagging me in ur conversations( im not trying to be mean) js idk if u are aware <3
I can't focus at all anymore, one too many test this week.
Zoo. Ha yeah the bobby digital movie coming to a store near you ten years now.
Make that bawling with writing my acknowledgements.
mine are every single finger bc my hands are so small. But try them out, let me know how many states u get, & I'll consider <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Check Out Our Great New Festivals - We are in the selection process and there is great stuff coming your way!!
"I needed help, I needed hope. I needed you" Steven Ford to the #nonprofits in the room at
Listening to #badromance slightly dancing in my car... Nothing weird, right?
But maybe they're battling a space kraken!! That'd make it tought
I hope the free t-shirt didn't go to your 40,963th follower...
I'm also still looking for opinions from women on cross-dressing men for my next post. Please share at Thanks!
Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you’re shit.
Oh, Roger. That hurt. Twice in one match.
Took pics with Dest who wants to see ?:)
I saw that Madness and James played. What is this? The 1980s?
Loll. damn. everybody is in there. what did youu do?
I was talking with James Druckman & Toby Bolsen before my career switch; it may be worth checking their recent work.
#Nike has been cool for decades though "everyone" wears its shoes (43% of category). #Apple has a similar allure.
. stopped in DC today, shared report. Curious 2 see results from studies applied 2 dance companies & organizations
#Humans and #cats have identical regions in the #brain responsible for emotion.
happy #nationalbartenderappreciationday a lot of bartenders will be appreciated tonight
You're welcome : To the woman walking the beach with booty shorts and high heels. Very strange but... thank you.
no it is not
yes but will fight thru! Lol
definitely! Lmfao we have the <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+26BD><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BE><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B1> to go on scary rides <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Just posted an awesome internship to the site. If you're interested in it, apply!
thanks!! I am feeling a little better. Enough to go to my boyfriends soccer game hahah
hey Jenny... want some brownies?
#Followsaturday she keeps it real for other actors.
Do I shave again? The shaved look might be growing on me.
Absolutely loved Peter Nimble! Thinking about the Just Deserts still cracks me up.
All is well. Thank you. Hope you are all great. Keep up the excellent writing :)
did Valverde pull a Rodney and fake the arm injury? Ty Webb got the save.
You coming in for the race?
Zanies tonight!!!
Thanks to for speaking at RocketSpace. Follow your passion!
life needs a reset button but you can only use it once a fresh start at life k-12 I would live it right
Want to get rewarded for all your gambling?Ask us how you can get comps at all your favorite casinos!
Fun with acronyms!
Stfu no one likes you
Hard to stick to your diet when the donuts are calling your name.
Country music sunshine and windows down! Only one thing could make this better <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Day 2 of the Olympia...then back to Sac tonight to watch Scott in home opener of the Mountain Lions. Catch the game on Verses at 8 pm PST.
Jammin' to Under the Mistletoe:) I love it!!<3
Pro-tip: when submitting a paper to a repository, don't make it the Word doc with all the revision comments.
Highway warm sing silent poetry. Corgan
Awesome! thanks :)
I really need to stop tweeting and driving def not okay to pass an Ambulance ... Oops :/
Start your engine its Daytona 500 Time The Anchor Bar..
New Costume Adult Sexy First Class Captain Pilot Costume
Downtown Chi with the love
knicks shoulda traded lobsanity today. His value can't get any higher.
A little early to so checking #ATL for an extra dark pair of shades to combat this sol during #yoga!!!
If you must wear contact lenses during allergy season, consider the daily wear lenses. Put in a new pair every day and throw it out at night
cuz some ppl are just dumb
lol only you
A fantasy map? Liberty City from Grand Theft Auto incorporates some of the best features of Google maps: including Streetview
Bmv tmrw. Gonna be fun.... Lol. So close to being able to drive our car!!! :)
Crappy venue, crappy crowd, crappy weather, crappy game. Long live the bowl system!
what's on ur mind?
My Bacon So Far - Jane Fonda
Want to dress up your floors for the soon to come Holidays!!!! Stop by or call for some great ideas!!!
My friends did play the first time I showed them the game - 3 or 4 times, and had a lot of fun. But now they won't.
Can they make a version of "Ebony and Ivory" that I don't feel awkward singing along too? "Mocha and Ivory"?
get the split and also don't forget to peep our music. 1st album on iTunes and you can play us on Pandora. Get back at us. Thanks
J COLE
thank u sir ;)
You did!
thanks! That means a lot!
People heading up social media initiatives with almost zero online footprint is the new jumbo shrimp via
AW MAN THATS NOT GOOD! EVERYONE NEEDS A PINK LEMON SHIRT!
I'm going to bed. East coast is just waking up! Is something wrong with that???/?? Naaaaaaa! Im good! :-) ;-) xoxoxoxo
Back from school(:
it was SO loud here
Hahaha I'm digging all these Coventry Rhymes. Keep em coming and ill put them in an album!
i'm new to twitter. shoutout? :)
It wouldn't matter if she did. She knows I never call in unless I'm dying ;)
Cropsey# fantastic fest# great doc. Next screening on Monday. Filmmakers also have dvd's for sale.
I know it was crazy! Never know what to expect here!
A warm hello to all my new followers, I talk about books too much and it's awesome to bore you all with my drivel :) HI!!!
#NowPlaying Peter Gabriel - in Your Eyes
Best part of National GIS Day Talks - a student expressing his desire to take as many GIS classes as possible
Standard night for him isn't it? “: Good luck to tonight smashing moonshine and fat girls!”
A city on the brink, RT : lol the people from nap are trash . well some .
That awkward moment when you put on shorts and realise you didn't shave....
if only the rest of us were as lucky
I can help you get to the Oregano Bienale...
To all the moms in Rochester: starting this Tuesday at 10 am till 11 am….Momy and Me Class…come with your child and enjoy fitness together…t
were you ever planning on returning my bike rack? haha
Love me some LTC "I See" on leftover lunch! I think the rain stopped when the song started, seriously!
I don't think anyone will ever understand & me. Were so weird :p
Your excitement makes me excited! “: Excitement is stirring for the reading of your series in May. I can't ...
Enjoy the lake view and a pint of Witty at Newport Shores..... I know I will!!!
Approaching Michigan and Madison and Chafing Oh My!!!
Just launched our new website!!! Check out www.fanmailfundraising.com ~~ You'll love the changes just as much as we do!!
We are excited to be here for Despierta Austin interview about mentoring with CIS.
I need an in house engineer. Like 4real.
I need some bricks of that Activas
Girl: ''Im getting off text me.'' Me: ''I dont have your number.'' Then she gives me 7 digits..... Cool?
wahhh )': y'all were the hardest part in making my decision cause now im gonna have to make new study friends who arent as cool.
I know. sheesh <U+E406>
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.” <U+2015> Bil Keane
Thank you!! RT : happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Strike 1 Designers - Strike 2 for me at #Oscars don't recognize names of the supporting actresses
Yay! Almost as good as being there. Tell Erik Happy Birthday for us!
Wtf #Wisconsin do we have no idea how to drive. Traffic is so bad I'm live tweeting from the drivers seat!!!
i'm going to fail my chemistry SOL tomorrow
rookie closers will age RV fast. Fun stuff.
agreed. Live with a woman for ten years and not much is surprising...
And why would you ask that?
i can't believe some goof shipped me a clock with the pendulum and key INSIDE the case.
Or whatever that shit called.
we were moving to the other Side of the office
When brings me Starbucks after school >>>>
For sure! I'm glad you're back!
thank you for the follow. I would like to keep tabs on your son's progress.
well that's your fault if you miss it considering your 15 ft away
Thank you for the heads up. We were about to remove you from the people we follow
You wanna wear push-up bras & heavy make-up while dancing with Bill Cosby?
I love my Saint Thomas Goons
I wanna play temple run!!!!!!
that's amazing! congrats :)
thanks! I love your beauty and style boards. Oh and your hat one...heck, I love them all.
#FF #Comics that
His defense has been great though. RT : unimpressive night for Rondo even with the triple-double
companies that still offer HC benefits are shifting employees into plans with higher deductibles
they are Very Active! But loving every minute :)
yes! I just saw this! Still looking for two tickets for my procrastinator brother!
No problem at all. Will resend Monday. Have a great weekend!
RT : Excited to be in the studio this afternoon with at 4pm
I'm sorry :( by grandpa just went into remission, thank the lord
Every year I think WSU can't Coug it more than the last time, and every time they prove me wrong
I'm gonna kiss you <U+E003><U+E418>
remember back when i was a twitter newbie? and you taught me the ways of twitter awesomeness?
i fail at reading i thought u said u where at obamas place chillin
Would you really put a guy in office who ties his caged dog to the roof of his car for 12 hours and sees nothing wrong with this?
nope. Haga guess we just got to be ratchet.
Friends are like the bacon bits of life Jerry Wright
lmao hit me up
Dub johnson's a beast!!!
RT RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "keep" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level.
we are now reviewing IAP Literature application
Your list is beautiful I 'd love 2get all songs especially his ver of Rocketeer.There was also"Ladies is Pimps"
YES SHE DOES!!
Really loving the vt state archivist's keynote address
There's a new Spider-Man!?
Very interesting. Give examples. RT : Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
RT 1 day of art, culture, food & fun #ExploreFultonMarket Sat., May 12th 12-5pm. Walk, stroll, taste, and see Chicago's West Loop!
NEW FUNNY LIFE STORIES STARTING TOMORROW. BEEN TELLING THESE FOR YEARS AND WAY BETTER THEN THAT MAX GUY
who else is sick of spam DMs? -Melanie
#notbuyingit hash tag is kinda just being a debbie downer... but agree was awful
Who's coming to 's concert in LA? :D
fritzy's MFN song was awesome
The Phillies Cole Hamels is suspended for 5 games for intentionally beaning Rookie Bryce Harper.
follow back?
GO LOOK AT HIS FACEBOOK!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
Todays kinda sucked. whats everyone up to?
yeah couch not so much!
Big sale on popular workshops today..
FYI my website is down. BlueHost is having problems this morning.
idk about that ;-)
$70 for parking !..I needed to clarify that
Doc Rivers on KG: He was phenomenal. He bailed us out."
There were 35 players in today's $140 buy in noon Bounty Tournament. The top 5 places get paid, first is $1345.
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in El Paso would like to pay homage!!
Miss you, buddy! Can't wait to be back!
Sneezy morning! Please do not be a start to another cold. Ive got some traveling to do!
The only reason why I wear a seatbelt is so I don't get a ticket..
Somebody should totally make a fanpage called ! If you do, i'll promote you for free! X)
yo momma so stupid she thought a cheerio was a doughnut seed....
Awesome day at the church picnic! Big thx 2 everyone who worked on the property to get it ready, and every1 who made the day so much fun!
don't ask me to be your child's God father when you don't even know who the real father is
You definitely should! The last one was a blast!!! :)
O boy.
Can't wake up today!
Yeah and Julietta is the name of a boy, very manly ;D Oh man you're unbelievable ;) we'll stop before your head explodes ;) <U+2665>
Somebody hand me my boots I'm going skiing!
The villain pimp slapped somebody to (literally) into next week
Good group you have, Kim! All excited to see you
ok so it's another day and we're closer to (but not at) our goal. Any thoughts on getting celeb RTs for our film? :)
Nut is good for your hair true or false shining message us answer
Ask Me Friday will start now. Tweet me or DM me you questions and I will answer them. If you tweet them use #AskCodyCR in your tweet.
Fair enough! My thought was that you should have a resume to be considered an actress. But I'm good w/ "bad actress," haha.
Recommend taking your family to Tony award-winning musical "You're A Good Man Charlie Brown"~Scripps Ranch Theatre~ends tonight! Tixs $10-25
thxx a bunch :D
“Four things a woman should know: How to look like a girl, How to act like a lady, How to think like a man, And how to work like a dog.”
Thanks! What Hungarian wine are you loving.Love Gere. Also loved Joszef Bock and Hagymasi Bormester when I was there
I cant wait for Hume 1st and 2nd I mean on a Friday and on a Saturday! I cant wait(:
At pick n pull listening to Megan tell me about breast cancer
sigh RT : Alex Gonzalez had his MRI today. It confirmed that he did tear the ACL is his right knee.
Can't break away for bfast or lunch? Maxie's is "Musseling" in the new year with 1 lb of lemon garlic mussels for $7. All day, all night.
Hey! How are you? I haven't talk to you in a while.
what shall we do?
“: I know it's a little early, but screw it. I'm heading to Miller Park. #openingday #brewers”
In the front at the LMFAO concert. Still 3hours to go. People are rude
jordan playing too early in the morning
I was hoping vladimir would punch him instead of separating the 2
Black & Yellow
But drupal is great. We love drupal! drupal, drupal, drupal!!! (there's a lot of drupal love here)
No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility. -Napoleon Hill
Happy Valentine's Day from the #VATeam! Sending our heartfelt wishes to all of our lovable friends and followers!
Kate Winslet looks incredible.
I eat donuts, bacon and the rug. Pee in the shower and watch teen mom
thanks for the follow :) absolutely Loving the Natural World!!
awesome photos
Shenanigans and bullshit
Good luck on exams today!
Anyone have experience in Instructional Design or related field? Anyone who works in Curriculum Development?
Just was in a train collision! #NoJoke!...and the shit wasn't even fully built..wtf!?!?
Sometimes I regret not being social in high school then I'm glad I didn't .. I had no drama, trouble, no mishaps..
Welcome back! RT is returning to again today!
i got those ones, there to fresshhhh. how you been?
Maybe they should stop treating him like he's still 20 yr-old phenom
Oscar is my crush<3
Ahoy! Thank you for sharing and YOU'RE awesome!
Any seats left? Little Rock
sigh Cody I give up i try so hard to get you to see me I'm always right there but I see that you don't care..this hurt me alot.
I put my pants on one arm at a time, just like everybody else
Crazy Summer is a #UrbanFiction #novel by #ColeHart. Coming soon.
If PhiPhi wins tonight I'll never watch again!
Recommends campuses find a way to send students to IA, too.
Bret's not going to be happy about that. Brennan nearly gets hit on the blitz.
House Freshman Republicans will go down as the most childish legislators our country has ever seen
Hope you get to see some PO action dude!! #deserved “ Let's go pens !! Score early in OT so I don't have to go to bed too late”
yeah from then it was ok until about steveston hwy and shell rd where she just lost control of her stomach...
Parents of the 7-wk baby in my airplane row made goodies bags for everyone sitting near them. I got chocolate, gum, & earplugs. Nice!
For the record, I would never, ever mess with Jacob Peterson.
Research shows: "the inability to focus helps ensure a richer mixture of thoughts in consciousness" daydreamers rule baby not tiger moms!
Just noticed your new pic...guess I've been pretty MIA lately!
Cant wait to get away from everything and relax for a week!!
Just got told I look exactly lie Lindsay Lohan. In gonna go throw myself off a bridge now.
also a remarkable number of books told from the perspective of children -- tricks for avoiding too much tech
: Any words of wisdom from the #AAUP11 exhibits panel? Our ACQ and MKTG dpts. are meeting today to coordinate 2012 exhibits.
LMAO...we're the best!
I miss the starlight lounge, and i've never even been there
hahahahha. you get me slug. you get me.
#Foxtrot automates data clean-up within Excel workbooks. Need to change names from all CAPS to Proper Format in seconds? Foxtrot can help!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Saw Barbara Clark & Roylene Walker perform "East Meets West" @ The Institute of Musical Arts yesterday. Great Stories!
congratss Bruins!!! BOSTON IS GOING NUTS RITE NOW!! :) stanley cup here we comee!!!! owww owww :)
singing at THE UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR tonite 8-10ish, $3 beer, $5 martinis!10 E Walton. Hard week; give me some sugar 2nite, I'll sing 4u.
Go Lions!
Have an hour for lunch? Come to 19th and K for a quick or long massage. Go to www.massagedc.com and get your $10 off coupon.
Have you tried Twicca? I've always found it to be the best of a so-so lot.
#Mobile Broadband will have a bigger impact on the #Web, than #Wireless had on #Telecommunications (poached from E///).
Jazzbah is ready to ENTICE you tomorrow night.. Event starts promptly at 9pm, reserve your seats now 505-243-5299
( golfer) takes the #USopen. #USGA events have notoriously little signage making the shirt billboards priceless!!
i miss you bro. hope youre enjoying maui
Thx! expensive because made in USA. Trying to help the economy!
well, I was quite a pain in the ass as a ninth grader. Some things never change I suppose.
Just got offered a sales/marketing job on spot starting right after graduation
"...she should be sharting that thing out today." -- on the miracle of birth
If you're interested, shoot me an email at .
North or South?
Just pasted a gas station near Kings Dominion that looked like it was the set on for the opening scene in Zombieland.
Can G+ get a little love from Flipboard plz?
Agreed. That's why I use Numbers. And Keynote instead of PowerPoint.
lol, actually no. But when u said Leak should go down to L-ville it got me curious. Just sitting watching RedLegs.
Have been editing on a short, and feel rather good about the first go.
Evil is not just personal, but structural and spiritual. -Walter Wink
: Of course. Left wing if you don't know what you are talking about.
Thanks for following!
change that to anyone.... no whining.
VegasAirport #TSA: "Ma'am, we need 2 rescan your knee," Me: "My what?" TSA: "Your knee, looks like there's something metal in it." Really?!
thanks!!! Be there soon!
how are you doing?:)
Thanks for following the event! We'll be live tweeting our panel tomorrow on #blackmusic!
'Don't chase the unavailable, welcome the open! "
I feel the same way!
Watched Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead. Glad that I eat healthy. Wow.
Realionaire has that effect on you. I did the same thing.
Whoa, HBO. You can't say Jon Snow is 14 in one episode and then imply that he's 16 in the next! People notice these things!
" live in the past if you want, but I promise it's not going to get you anywhere"
excuse me ??
Let it be just the first of many warm weather picnics!
#WeCantDateIf there are no tree-rings.
.. Thanks for the mention! The #painpill issue is completely out of hand but has been swept under rug for years for $$.
Thanks for supporting!
i understand that.. what i meant was, i trust that you and your business constituents will find a way to work with/through it.
Don't you love it when you hear the perfect song on the radio? Then you hear it again on another channel moments later?
Hey Alex! I like yoga at exhale spa in chicago. A lot of people like core fusion as well but I haven't been there a ton.
NW The Long Shot.... never seen it.!!
sore sore sore sore sore sore sore
RT Am I the only one with a 50's station on pandora? / That makes us two of us :) lol
Reserve a Zipcar w/OR St Parks or NW Forest Passes this wknd! Expand the vehicle info tab when reserving to see your Zipcar's amenities.
I love rice <3
whatever idris, don't be salty because we're elderly but a million times better!
Holla if you have me, fuck you if you had. Words of wisdom of #Drake :*
I just saw the worst case of front butt. It looked like she swallowed a UFO
New Houston Location 10700 Richmond Ave, Suite 223 Houston, TX 77042 77042 By Appointment Only
all I can say is "Thank you!" The Lord is using your worship downloads to fill my heart.
lol random moment sorry :)
50% are or look like guys tome. The others (i hope) are getting a visit from the troll ferry
Hah, no! We just got out of the pool and went and got some food. :P
I think it looks clean and fabulous! Great Job!
Thinking of how the notion of generative tech infrastructure (Zittrain) can be related to emerging social practices
Busker doing ukelele version of Boys Are Back In Town next to restaurant.
R U thinking about doing any sports/fundraising events? We would love it if U would choose StorybookDads as your charity!
When it hurts so bad you can't even talk..
RT : In response to my Qs, Jerry Brown takes indirect shot at Jay Goldsone, says state finance director Matosantos makes $173K
LOL! You got it.
Mk shoulda stayed home with me :(
#thatawkwardmoment when teachers imply or make inappropriate jokes
That awkward moment when 2 of your BF friends like you....
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, January 7&8! Tickets Starting @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com!
I'm like a giddy little kid, listening to Murph work this broadcast.
I go to golds gym on Wisconsin avenue too!! Small world!!
I got you next time your in ATL
What the hell!! I didnt think it was suppose to rain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
The drunk can go to sleep now but the sober kid who was suddenly woken up by the drunk because he wanted to discuss emotions now can not...
Nice art Lina like!
Rock on!
Got my #iPhone4S shipment notification this morning. It is Oct. 14th yet?
This rainy weather better be gone by the weekend!
Numbers are proof -your gut is correct. Consumer confidence has improved, well priced and well positioned properties are selling
I'm doing bobby brown jodeci and r. Kelly
#HelloVineyard Forgot to include on my reply. But corrected my error and voila, now all is instantly well again! :)
There's not a chance in hell I'm doing High Heel Derby.
Please come over and help me put my smoke alarm back up. I desperately yanked it off the ceiling but I'm too short to put it back up :(
it's good, I have, and I will!! Thanks!
Train Your BRAIN: April Norris will be taking the audience on an audio-visual journey to train your brain for success. Who can say no to...
“: great night watching at the Walnut Street Theater. Ben---you're an amazing actor!”--much love and thanks Carolyn
Alright, companies. It's about time for a heart to heart about who you are and what you want. Brand therapy time.
Thanks for sharing the resource link to the session. Stuff in there I didn't know about. May need to rework our site. :-)
This year's NHL Trade Deadline Day is sponsored by Google... "They got who?!?... let me Google him...."
RT “: #Blazers Courtside is on LIVE now. Send us your questions/comments. #TBCourtside”
Signal coming and going as we ascend Hunter Mountain. App update of City goal a dagger.
How are you feeling?
Do you still have pieces that you wrote when you were a teen? Share them with us for a special web edition. send to
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 13, 2012
telling employees that we need to have a "growth mindset" to take everyday as a learning experience!
If you want to be followed back and im not following u, mention me with a "taylor gang or"
RT : Every bitch is a model on twitter lmao . Bitch please #SitYoAssDown~> WOW
I was a regular dancer on Bandstand in the sixties so sad
How is social media being used to share museum experiences outside of museum's page, but instead, friend to friend? Can we know?
Cuz Im No Whr Near Sleepy
I saw a nickel and my sister was like " niiicolaaa, like ricolaaa"
hm thank goodness I don't date any girls here lol.
love you more :)
God and I are deeply divided on this Denver Broncos issue.
honored. hope it holds up
we have a first aid kit friends gave as joke because of my crazy kids. It has splinter remover tool. BEST thing ever. Get one
Not feeling too hot today. Bummed, I wanted to stop by the #NOH8Seattle shoot and show support! :( :/ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
would love to learn more about your agency!!
Mixed opinions on this winter's lack of snow. Thanks for the RTs, , and others..
I'm in nola now but I'm hoping to be at the scavenger hunt.
Must not be selling much if he has time to lie about FREE cappers! Good luck today sir.
Lets make an office snuggie that is done in biz casual fabric- and a reclining office chair
That is probably the most truthful statement ever spoken.
RT : Can you believe some teenager tried to bride the DMV to reinstate his license and also make him 21 years old.
well there goes christmas now santa is gonna forget everyone and go get a lady gaga christmas tree oh god wait till mrs.santa finds out 0-0
lol. I know right.
Dont you hate when the sand in the taco bell meat gets in your vagina? Selvia does
My boys are growing up so fast. Archer's 1st birthday is in a month... Ugh.
oh snap
Amen sister! RT : I'm beyond excited. Opportunities come when you least expect them. <U+E056>
That face is adorable!! RT I LOVE this default.
Farmers market in Columbia City today and no rain! Stop into Andaluz and check out the new merch!
Dweezil Zappa, Frank's boy, turns 42 today. I think he's kinda hot.
de nada mama!
Hello, Michigan.
Oh go fuck yourself
there's something wrong with me.
This makes me rlly wanna play bocci now. Anyone down to start a game?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!I love u ur so inspirational and are a AMAZING dancer I am the girl that went to arizona & I'm from Florida..
#CC250 FLOATING THRU THE SKY AGAIN! WILL I EVER FIND MY WAY<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
plz #follow me for my b day plzz im 13 and i realy want a follow
“: Please can we turn the Tebow talk?" NOT being a fan is #fun. everyone knows jesus is a steeler fan...and he digs yonder
is back to square 1 on the wedding planning (sigh)...I'm taking any suggestions/advice from friends and family...please send help my way!
Only one day left to tweet or DM why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at #Newark Palace Theatre on Sat 28th Jan.
shot I know! That was funny as hell
That's pretty funny! Where they do that at? U need to get the point. Like Vivica.peel beyotch!! hahaha
That's for sure. You are one more step from greatness )
Had a great meeting with a fabulous interior designer who understands how to apply green to interiors. Her web site www.tylertinsworth.com
Watching the Players Championship and every time Rickie Fowler is shown, I think Johnny Depp suddenly took up golf. Is Tim Burton his caddy?
Speed bumps xD
Truly love showing guys up in the gym
RT : i actually bought that kors watch rose gold for my girl last month on her bday
Jersey Shore BABY!!
nope haven't met Gibson. I stared at him from behind a bookshelf at Powell's once though.
Hey hommie slice!!! I miss ya crazy butt!!!
Studio quality beats/tracks for $25
hahah.. that was classic
Off to Mystic to convene with Connecticut's convivial librarians.
just performed in 90 degree weather with walking ammonia....
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
What about mystery? Has anyone read some chilling mystery tales lately?
Maria is speaking now....
If this year is like years previous, The Iron Cactus should give you an award.
no it just made no difference. Neither can throw for shit.
isn't that a meatloaf song?
new gig? Do tell! Lunch sometime soon to catch-up?
"Not all those who wander are lost.” - J.R.R. Tolkein
got you locked in
Hire me and I PROMISE you'll never find me rummaging through your garbage for leftovers. Probably.
Thanks James!!
We interrupt this marathon editing session to get some cake...yum cake.
Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.
Take yo ahh to skool RT“: Im messing with every one this morning .. Im so bored but GoodMorning Loves .!”
hell yea. Get better soon though. We be missing ya on these shoots doooggg
lemme know when you get back from the gym! got an email of beats to send you!
being disconnected from the world for a week was nice..
: Etch a Sketch: When I said let Detroit go bankrupt, I meant take credit for Obama's brilliant job-saving plan.
When tracks over I'm really going to miss them :(
Yes Joe. Real based on student background = real learning
The heat pissin me off
Monster kills Palance...GAME OVER, Major monster victory. Thanks for playing!
Has your food allergic child been excluded from activities because of allergies and lack of consideration by adults?
This is the winter that weather that we wait for in FL. It will be over with all too soon. Sha na na na na....live for today........
We need to have a discipline in our prayer life & fasting. And it's hard to develop one by yourself.
*grin* Not that far back. I stayed in the last 100 years. :)
chances are if he's played in Portugal at any given time Mendes owns him or owns the person who does...
Old Todd!
Thanks for your support! My political platform is taking shape: siestas & bumping cell phone drivers are top priority.
it's been real while I was home! It was good seeing you & fam the other day sis
Thanks for the follow
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever. (:
we never got sushi? Lets change that asap! Plus, when are you twenty one?
Best part of puppet show according to adults' reactions: pointing at the hippo heinie to indicate "The End." Buncha sickos (hee hee!).
Who is going to win? It is those who are more consistent than anyone else at doing things that stretch who they are, so that they can becom…
I love you <U+2665>13
BEAUTIFUL PHOTO!!
« Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will come after you.»
It's never easy
Getting my hair done by someone new for the first time in 5 years. It feels so wrong!
Hines will retire as a Steeler!!!
Happy 93rd birthday to the great American musical icon Pete Seeger. Like Louis Armstrong, contemporary music wouldn't be the same w/o him.
Jordy Nelson: Baddest white boy alive!
you are speaking English right now -.-
what profession?
Seriously? You tried to trot out WAR & Era as indicators? Try FIP, xFIP, & some real predictive indicators.
no one will.. sex will either be obsolete or we'll all be dead
..to consider for a armload of musical compilations--and get them all scheduled to be on the island of Jamaica for stuff...enough detail.
my uncle from Ohio is flying down to enjoy too...keep bringing the jazz we love...much thanks...
Welcome Colleen!
on the voice!
It's such a chill Monday.
Just updated the class list on www.bethsdiyworkshop.com Looking forward to setting up my lathe in the workshop this month
Good lord. This guy 's drums >>>>
Find new angles for old blog posts to come up with new content.
Perry—The American ppl want Washington out of their hair, there's a model for that - check out my hair!
#FF For good debate on issues:
Thank you! If you mustache us any questions about our facial hair board, don't be shy!
So happy for everyone graduating this weekend! Congratulations and welcome new Alumni!
I eat like 5 pregnant people lol.......
It's a cycle of strangers to lovers, and currently we're strangers, far from lovers
you rock
Im Always Up Chasing My #Dream !
FOR LENT I'M GIVIN UP ON LIFE…. SO DUECES TO THE OLD ME AND WHAT IT DO TO THE NEW ME …
: you are missing the best WAVE I have seen in a long time! : you better be wavin'!
So co co co cooollddddddd! Pressure wash top deck, bottom deck and patio, check!
lol no bitch
I don't think "imported from detroit" was a rebranding failure!
Just watched so many videos! Love it!
That's why I'm in Marketing! RT That about covers it, Sean. RT : Taylor Stoermer: Idea Arsonist
Off to Cambridge MD to talk to progressive Eastern Shore activists about plastic litter -- problems and solutions.
Planning my next month of travel. Where should I go? Thinking of a genealogy trip to the UK...
bcuz I bought the game on my xbox lol
There's a place for true thought leadership. For most execs, it's important to address hot client issues + get closer to revenue
Awesome. Want to schedule a phone call?
thanks! i'll take a look
love that joint, but miss that horn!
thanks for the shoutout! Great to meet you!
Your cookies are EPIC!
I don't really care if my socks match if I have pants on.
Damnn bass cant get a bucket
Did you guys figure out your plans for tmrw?
I hate when people post like a million status in one day
Yep! Where u sitting
How much would it cost me since he doesn't know me
Hey Tiffani! This is really late, but thx for the Boston congrats! I actually was really sick, but still a great time! How r u?
Good morning today not school
some may consider it coastal, it's wet
sorry just saw this. Yes, I have had a private practice since 2004.
“: how you do all you do boggles the mind! #supermom #careerdiva #rockstar” [oh my, no idea how I needed that today
Already am(:
is so #GRAND :) We should start #SandraMara <3 lol
I used to have a pet hedgehog and it was terrible!
Who's a bigger train wreck? Lohan or Sheen? I heard they hooked up.
God... If you have a plan for me. I would really love to know it. Thanks.
I got money... hoes. Money and hoes...
To become a season subscriber, March 28th! But we have not announced single tix on-sale dates for any of our shows yet
Got #zoom teeth whitening today. Shazam they are white, and throbbing! #Vicodin and
this pizza >>>
Today was your Friday? Mine was yesterday.
It was cute watching you run to lock the doors but I was already inside ;)
and I thank God you came along and changed my life with brave ideas, new hope, new thinking and thus a new life! never better
follow my cuz!! He's a genuine dude who'll have u rolling!!
fun (: & good, I've been with my family & Jakob. :)
I know I'm a good friend because I put all my problems aside to help my friends with their problems(:
Sigh. *Honoree selection for quote of the month based on previous 30-day period. Reign spans 30 days that follow.
I wish I had a cat, but I can't because of my allergies. Then I would have something to snuggle when I have no bf around.
Very sad to hear about Donna Summer. A truly unique and powerful voice whose music soared in an era with a lot of so-so sludge. RIP
which is why I do my best not to have them
Having a hard time finding something to fit my mood. Trying JAG now.
more 2how exactly a bill got watered down, passed or killed; who did what instead of only relying on any1 pundits or person's rant.
The Bruins will MURDER the Knucks
If you have to call the other woman just to see if she's slaying your man, than maybe you need a new man...
Just a reminder that we will be closed Thursday and Friday to celebrate Thanksgiving!
A bike cop just caught me jaywalking. All he did was shake his head and tisk at me.
Kiss is better than cooking
Ayy bro you coming?
baylors losing cause they dont have the bright yellow jerseys on
#lt I wonder if he was going off my tweet , or we both got good taste in music lol
UNC system student health insurance costs to rise
We can all do so much more than we originally think we can. Surprise yourself with how much you can rock today.
ugh I love it there. But no snow, right?
So I notice all of my mocasins are missing and decide to look for them... My aunt has about 20pairs under her bed
Might not shake sub's hansd but he can get his ass whooped by them.
Don't go by what u heard come to me with the situation like a man!!!
Thank you so much for including us today. The speaker was awesome. So was the lunch!
Remember, bus reroutes are in effect from 6-11pm on Alberta. Catch the bus at stops on Killingsworth instead.
No one has the right to feel hopeless, there’s too much work to do ~ Dorothy Day
YOU ARE AMAZING <3
That stonergirl twitter is fucking dumb.
anyone there know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62 during home opener Friday?
Are good.
lazy. bald. giants. all very scary traits.
Right on - thanks!
happy birthday girll!! Pleasee follow me back! Hope you have an amazing day!! #HappyBirthdayNicolette #happybdaynicolette<U+E32A>
Since u never know what the next moment brings, u can't ever judge a situation as bad... Expect positive outcomes!
Miss my summer workout buddy
YOU KILLED THAT SLIGHTWORK REMIX. YOU BASICALLY WHITECHALK EVERYTHING YOU TOUCH.
yo sarcasm hurts
Thanks for the shout-out!!
That's true technically. Maybe 3% is left after paying shareholders and huge CEO compensation.
No kidding! What are we doing inside running reports?
Thanks. Good to know. Wish I could be there. Am in Mexico. Love Twitter!!!
thanks for the kind words! I'm the guy in the pink shirt and blue blazer
just saw you playing the role of Bobbi on the iconic TV show #WonderWoman You look even younger today!
Crazy afternoon here in NTex! “: Tornadoes hit Dallas & Ft. Worth area. Safety and prayer go out to all my friends in Texas.”
Doing the callback dance! Woo hoo!
does anyone have any questions for Fletcher from Pennywise? We're interviewing him in a few hours, I'm stoked!
Have a great week:)
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Do you have Coors Light?
Now following back <3
Q: u still around? A: around but lonely. Gotta a question? I'll answer it for 2.3 million dollars.
LA hosts Spurs but look for SA to spank the Lakers as LA is 1 - 5 against winning teams
congratulations Mom Hedgehog Librarian! What did she receive her degree in?
A pick 6 and UT is right there now, within 2 points. Usually atm gets up by more before they choke. Weird.
If you know what is coming next, you don't convince an audience that you are inventing what you are saying.
Now its time to shred one of my favorite skate parks!
Adding lots of mulch, I hope. Once those long-buried weed seeds see daylight... BAM! Love gardening, too.
Woke up when I was supposed to leave for school. can already tell todays gonna sucks.
This research methods class is so boring
tonight on AIBTV 7pm, if you need help and no one else can help call
I know. I wanted to scream. She just looked at scratch & said she didn't do it, and maybe I hadn't seen it before. Seriously. No.
Happy new year, I hope your holidays treated you well. I hope 2012 treats you well. Have a good day.
#IThankGod for breathing life into me
Fucking giggle puff
How about him calling Nancy Pelosi "Princess Nancy"? He has no respect for anybody! What's wrong with the Amer people? NO CAIN!
My girl said I get more girls than niggas do smh so not true...I'm VERY lowkey and to myself
lol we're watching Willy wanka and the chocolate factory
Happy Easter babes!! I miss u more love!! <3
could you follow us back please?
Love your stuff! Any chance we can get a link to your "rant" from Th ? Leg/women
Quality is high bc there is actually so little done to it. I'm not that worried, if anyone did I'd be1st to defend Howard Wayne.
bossman what is up
Karin and I both thank you for mentioning her guest-post; it's much appreciated!
Aren't most of them awful
I Jennifer. You're so right, but what can you expect from that amoral bunch.
The Dark Shadows 90's version is on today!!!
No one cares.
hey Len what are the chances that I could sing the stretch tomorrow for my 25th BDay with ?
RTTTTTTTT “: I honestly think Chipolte and Zaxbys are over rated..”
All smiles
Commute safely today, everyone. It's messy out there!
I'm 40 times better then I was my Aj ain't on my level bro and I no he will kill u
Happiness comes to you when you live your life consistent with your highest values and deepest convictions. Brian Tracy
Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there
thanks for reminding me... i almost died!
If we let ppl , they will steal the best parts of us but if you believe in yourself n god that is enough 2 carry u past their prejudgements
Thanks for the recommendation!
requests for graphics need to go through your sales rep.
getgo in verona :)
“: tell all these fakes who made #Edsup” - I do believe Del originated the #edsup hash tag-give credit where its due
Working out dwntwn.
Being dead seems boring
A #Gemini is, perhaps, the most exciting, adventurous companion you will ever know.
I assume #OccupyAlbuquerque will need extra hands for the move Saturday at 9am, from Tight Grove to Yale Park.
If I were a couch... I'd be real comfy, too.
Break time for judging. I'm guessing the three finalists will be Kris Bowers, Joshua White and Pascal LeBoeuf
no, he was trying to kill me with his bike. spend good $ on a jogging stroller or it'll kill you/your back.
two big tests today and I'm not ready for neither of them :\
sup my brutha
all i could hear in my head was Forrest singing those lines!
listening to one of the illest to touch the wheels of steel-- for the original old school at noon.... tune in @ www.power983fm.com
KWCH is here interviewing us!
Z....*Long Z* lol What's up boy how you doing??
Yes. An abomination in the eyes of the Lord.
Girl, I'll be thinking about you worldwide
Just finished loading my backpack for the weekend I've been anticipating since I learned about this trip last August: Machu Picchu!
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:)
Hewlett officer made 'more nervous' by talk at #cies2012 accountability panel
Almost to 900 fans!!! Help us get there by sharing our page with your friends!!!
the auteur is the art
o-o
God bless you, Sister. Thanks for the follow. :)
Happy Birthday! Did you know you share your day w/ Calamity Jane, Tim McGraw & Stuart Appleby? That's quite the group...
Were you saying you did not enjoy the accommodations at Hotel El Mirador (Rooftop)
Screw this mess, I'm moving to Charlestown!
I stay away from my p.beliefs. Some parents get irate
Anthony Davis is so ugly!
That's good to hear - your shows have been some of the best times ever (#OWSLA!) Can't wait to see you at festivals this year
You're impossible to resist, but I wouldn't bet your heart on it.
yep, I've seen it a few times. Then copied the moves on my drive home.
RT if u love and believe in god cause I do I LOVE GOD!!(:<333
Now writing 3 books:: Waking Up! Seize-the-Moment, and The Power Breakthroughs of RBMason's Unconventional Biofeedback. Pub date soon.
forever alone swaq
I have returned from my brief detainment following a protest for #OccupyLA. I salute my fellow activists as the fight for justice continues!
Congrats on the call up good to see the former Red Hawks moving on to the show.....all the best from
Good night of sleep at hospital. I credit the pint of Cherry Garcia prescribed by my wife.
Some ones left ankle is hurting.. pain be gone in Jesus name be healed in Jesus name
You're not serious about making changes in your life until you're willing to take personal responsibility for your actions & your time~
You'd love it!
Roland Smith is visiting our Middle School Library next week. Used google forms for a "have lunch with the author contest". Great responses!
45 min until first pitch here at Sessions Stadium between and the Owls!
I can finally say that next month is my Birthday((:
just not there anymore bro!
I can do better next time...
My lease is up on my car in July and I need ideas! Can't wait for the tomorrow!
Re: taxes, Most people don't mind lending their money to government because they have nothing more productive to do with it
Howdy back at ya!
Time to get the #ROWE groove on w/ this morning!
I may be able to say that coffee is my critical mass
sicckkk! Hope is was on accident
think about how many drug deals are going on in the world right now
It's days like this when I wish I lived on a planet all by myself.
Is wondering when and are coming to visit. We have adventures waiting...
This sunday is the vintage reggae winter fest, weather forecast is 80 degrees
Miranda PLEASE FOLLOW ME(: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
The #Indy #Valpak Office is jamming out to today to end the week right! What are you doing?
Seeing american reunion then going to the premier of Cabin in the Woods.
yup thats my name and its nice to meet u to(:
My fiancé is the most luckiest women in the world to have a guy like me as her future husband. :) <3 cc:
God calls us to be committed to Him, to be committed to making a difference,& to be committed to reconciliation. -Bill Hybels
Are you working a job or moving in a #vision? One is drudgery & the other is #fulfilling. Find your vision & pursue it daily. SeanLetwat
I woke up surrounded by dragon's breath.
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight 4 a screening of Nirvana Live @ Paramount @ 6 PM & Midnight.
Just got did dirty man. Smh
They don't make anything like they used to.
This is fun
that works!
Sorry so low on the tweet these days, gang. Things should be back into a more regular flow by nxt wk. Seeing Shawn Colvin tomw night!
I don't care who you are, refillable mechanical pencils from Japan with replaceable erasers rock.
Join me, Nora Baskin & Tom Angleberger for an Authors & Autism program, Friday 10:15 a.m. rm 200E Minneapolis Convention Center.
is doing what she needs to do in LA.
:D I like tarts. And stuff
My graduation party tomorrow! Need music suggestions for my playlist! Have any? ;)
Oh... #fightclub is on tonight. I am Tyler Durden.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Mappings get stuff into the right room
Lindsay Lohan found your old USMC eyeglasses ://www.celebuzz.com/2012-02-13/lindsay-lohan-wears-bold-black-frames-at-lax-photos/
I'm cooking creole again tonight. I'm always excited about that:)
that's it I refuse to eat any more Thanksgiving letf-overs...I have made up my mind and I'm quitting cold turkey...have a great day!!!
Im ready 2 go back 2 my car.
you're awesome!!
RANGERS WIN, GET BOTH POWER PLAY GOALS OFF #joelward DOUBLE-MINOR...
Chris you've done it again". The cg4 Illusione maduro is the best cigar ever with coffee IMHO. # thesmokeringisking
Got a bad ass bitch just bouncin on my dick!
My first novel is feel just as intense as heavy metal I cant wait to finish it
Fromm, Nored, Jones, Stigall and Smith getting the start for the Bulldogs tonight.
#YouGetPointsIf you know the difference between there, their and they're
haha it's true I am not a robot
Afton Mountain took on one of its varieties of perfection this morning: the kind where mist & bright light contend for the valley.
#FF 4 spreading the word about HHC. +Welcome, new employee !
"So let me put colleges and universities on notice.. If you can't stop tuition prices from going up, the funding you receive will go down"
We want to meet people at their latest Development stages so we can best serve them, Douglas tells us why
I'm so excited to see you and on the 2nd!! We be going cray cray yeah?! Seriously though,
Parked in spot 187. Spice 1 and Snoop Dogg would be proud.
oh yay i watch it is pprob the last ABC thing i do watch :P
Thank you to the best daughter anywhere!
Can someone please explain the Semantic Web to me preferably via charades or an infographic?
Wait that "water" bottle I just poured out was actually skyy..
boo hoo act like a lady, think like a man
Awesome!!! Tell Easy we can match!
Microtouch: 8-bit Open Source Media Device
I assumed. What's new with you?
#np say what's real - drake<U+2764>
The fire alarms on the #UW campus seemed to be a malfunction and we're all clear and back open!
Thanks for a great show last night,
Isn't life really just about how we're all just walking one another home?
"The only joy in the world is to begin." —Cesare Pavese
We will have merch for sale tonight at the show so if you want a bomb shirt come out to the Britton Pub.
i accidentally had some stuff shipped up there so i had to go in order to pick it up
looooool of course you do :P
Happy opening of Ruined !!! Amazing show and cast !!
you come visit me! I learned how 2 drive the boat today
Upgraded plans now start with a 7-day free trial!
well I am doing just lovely! (: it's nice & sunny out! <U+2600><U+2600> how are YOU love??
I love most of my #peeps who I grew up with tho ..
: "not everyone has the ability to turn a negative situation into a positive one"
follow back ? :D
It's literally the worst when you find out that someone you idolize is at least a little homophobic.
Did you know there are 12 LEED certified major U.S. sports venues? #GreenSports is big for
wow. dats outrage
I agree this seems high at first blush, but un and under employment still high
Thugs don't say say thts is so cray... They say that's so raven.. Wow just like the tv show hahaa
FUCKING TOE CRAMPS.
Fuck.. do I really have to get up..
Needs more followers I follow back
Suddenly feeling very current on news - thank you!
Watching the rangers game and stuffing my face with fajitas. (: Then Harry potter marathon later. Oh yeah. Good good day.
If a girl looks swell when she meets you, who gives a damn if she's late? Nobody. ~ J.D. Salinger
Thank you for your support and compliment. Hope that you enjoy making the chocolate bread pudding...and the other recipes.
Building the Smartbook: INTERACTIVE, MULTIMODAL, DYNAMIC --> The Smartbook is SOCIAL
cheap Heather would... lol
so we cab discuss the parts that are happenig
my #goal is to maintain my grades, complete my hw; regaurdless. nothing lower than a B and not get distracted with friends.
I would love to see Michael Owen in MLS.
What is it with me and naming issues? First the big bad major label which shall not be named comes after me and now FB messes with me. Ugh.
Yeah it probably is b/c i never heard of it
Register for "How to Avoid Dating a Jerk" Feb 25, 11A-2P, $10 includes lunch hosted by Relationship Expert John Knight! 412.829.0100
I'm really bummed about Linens n things too. I liked that store a lot as well!
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Why you're mad, I have no clue.
Kid off to school..I really wanna go bak to sleep till wk time...but I have 2 stay up an break this lazy cycle
cheer up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Police scanner: "Resume normal operations in the next ten minutes." Hurrah!
You remind me of the ocean - you make me sick.
last year it was The Brow!! This year will be The Hightop Fade!! Welcome to the family of BBN.
Way cool. I stopped by yesterday to take a few pictures. Glad you enjoyed it. Did you meet the team?
This is accurate, I expect alot more,I just hope they step it up before it's too late,their florida was not that bad tho!:)
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Eli's receiving core has changed every season
Can someone explain to me me why Notre Dame was ranked. They were 8-6 last year, including a loss to Navy.
well guess we both are then ha
My BD dumb AF...or Im dumb for takin his Shit :(
I cannot sleep, nausea cramps and head ache ugh
me n jackie are walking around burchfield.
imma fail this chemistry test -___-
what a loser
Turns out some lame ass is coming into the business lot next door and blaring shit. It isn't that bad music but not that loud, not at night.
Agreed! :) RT omg! I need to come here!!!
These things happen in 3's..Don Cornelius, Dick Clark...who's next? I say an early MTV VJ, perhaps Downtown Julie Brown.
“: when are we going in the studio?” whenever wake his lazzzyy ass up ha
I went with Carl Gottlieb to see the Writers Guild Awards last night where Carl received a lifetime achievement award. Fab Ceremony!
!!! RT : 2 nite I will be rocking with at in DC playing all Wu Tang classics. True Wu heads come support.
Social media can create conversations between visitors, I've done it with Digital Pop-Ups. People learn more about one another
CHIODOS IS ON RIOT FEST
I can sell you a hug for $5 hahahah xD
A little madness in the Spring, is wholesome even for a King. ~ Emily Dickinson.
will do!
great meeting you, why didn't you stick around for dinner?
This crowd certainly has a different sound than at BMO. steady roar, can't hear any chanting.
As great as those two are, Bill Russell is the greatest.
sadly reminiscent of the espn - Eddy Curry headline flap re: "A Chunk in the Armor"
I know I shouldn't be...but I'm a little hurt by your past...
I completely feel ya on that
I haven't tweeted you in a long time. So, hi Mo! :D
hahahahahahaha I thought you were gonna be so creeped out! "yeah I kinda know her" "same from Facebook!" hahahah<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT : Maybe Magic meant to say if Lakers lose, Don Mattingly will be fired
and Yu was in chingy video
What were your favorite bands back then?? :D
BIG "thank you" to Doris, Timothy, Fran, David, JoAnn, Nancy, Keesha, Lou Ann for volunteering during last weekend for Ghost Stories.
My mommy is so bootyful and awesome <U+E056>
“Be yourself. No one can say you're doing it wrong. -Snoopy” <U+2015> Charles M. Schulz
lol that's like half the nation
LoL xDD. Good luck wit it!!
I was on my #VShit On
Second Guessing yourself <<<<
I love my family.
I dont stop having sex till she cums;)
Local ABC station giving out free breakfast sandwiches at the food trucks on flora street! Good start to the day
Trending Topic #theworldsgreatestdjs How many dj's would jump at the chance to host a radio show on the internet?
Not yet. RT2WIN ends today at 10pm tonight!
We’re speaking on a panel on the debate between #NVGRE and #VXLAN today Join us in Lagoon J at 9:45!
Excited for my new purchases.
Shut the door turn off the lights I wanna be with you I wanna feel your love<U+E022>
BWW with kids from Cintenial helluh fun. aha our group got split up cuz the max doors closed on them aha. then went to eat YO CREAM. Fun day
Gotta run out to a political event, but gonna try to rush back to see if Mike Brown keeps his job.
Marcellus said I could go to his class during 3rd period tomorrow :)
Leonard L. Levinson~ The past is the tomorrow that got away.
Happy New Year everyone! 1/1/11! And don't forget to have your black-eyed peas today!
what pool r u going to
In Vegas about to go to GLOCK's set up day for the range...
Thx Mark. Always glad to help make you look respectable.
Hoping my favorite Packer: DJ Williams breaks open tonite and claims that #2 TE behind Finley!
They look beautiful. Sad to not be seeing them in person. Glad you found a bunch.
THEY LOOK SO GOOD!! THANKS TO and all of you!
Just a couple, but they're whores.
$2 Corona and Miller lite Thurday's Voted "DC's Best Happy Hour"
Accidently running a stop sign in river run..
Thoroughly irritated.
Thats bullshit, that foul was on Roy
Somebody should really open an arcade at the airport. Like, in the next two hours.
r u a boy or girl
thanks for the follow!!
happy to follow for Absinthe tix tomorrow night VIP. Can you help?
That moment when you want to actually iron your hair but there's no iron. Lol just my luck.
What is mind mapping?
#sea When was your worst/most recent/dramatic/(whatever) car trouble?
#askselena Which song is your favourite of all your songs?
They have to consult with Crosby first.
Your going to drive thru storms
Tomorrow on Forward: Arthur Kohl-Riggs joins me @ 10am to talk about his run against #Walker in GOP primary. 106.7FM-1670AM WTDY
hahaha i wanted to tag on it.
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom"
So ready for some alone time with my baby. Its going down ;)
Good Morning! Did you tell your daughter she's beautiful this morning...
miss you! Let's all have a girls night soon<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No wonder his ignoring me Lakers & OKC on good enough excuse
Hey Kim, I think I tweeted a big thank you, but since I'm not sure, I'll tweet it again. BIG thank you!
Happy New Years Eve guys!!!
I contacted him and CCd you on the email. Maybe I'll reach out again next week. I'll definitely be at the event!
saw you're a shutterbug. Recently got a big girl camera myself & am always up for a photowalk! I'm rd522 on flickr & instagram
My parents aren't helping.
I just read the premise of V.H. Houston's play "Kokoro" about <U+89AA><U+5B50><U+5FC3><U+4E2D> in the US. I'd love to read this at some point.
At the park with the little princess. There are 50 kids here and she just wants to play with me!
what's up with your app?
this is what happens. You never know what it could lead to. Keep your options open.
I woke up. Should my first thought have been 'Eat Funyuns?' Oh, I did. Don't worry.
haha love it
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows - If I fail, if I succeed-At least I live as I believe ... RIP Whitney.
picnic, parade, or protest: what kind of are you?
Roberta Gets it DONE
Looks like 8 of 12 performers from last night's #theVoice will move on. I'm predicting Forest Lake-native Jordis Unga will make it through.
TRAFFIC: Multi-vehicle accident EB I-90 near High Crossing Blvd. Backups expected
Damn I love twitter- thanks always need more files!!!!
Pandora radio stations don't care about East/West Coast. You put in Tupac, you're gonna get a little Biggie too. Pandora... makin' peace.
Luckily I spent many years developing an immunity to iocaine powder...oh wait you said arsenic? Damn it!
#BornThisWayBallDates So close!!!
Apple customer service... 2 minutes on hold, quick resolution. Polite American voice on the other end. Time Warner... not so much.
FUDGE YEAH!!9
Well at least my eye looks a lot better!(:
Yeah, I wasn't fond of that one....
Just admit it -- you're all bored because you're waiting for Bachmanns response.
Any one can tell me about these food trucks in DC?
Kevin Gregg needs to go. The orioles should leave him in Toronto when the leave for Chicago.
someone really should do a kickstarter to get her parents from bogota to the olympics.
#aam2012 is complete - now off on a field trip with to Wisconsin!
I want to congratulate every couple that has gotten to the stage in their relationship where they just stare at each other in disgust.
Wanna see someone pretty? Look in a magazine. Wanna see someone beautiful? Look in the mirror.
thanks! love the concept of your gig! cheers!
Thank you for the rt about Forbes' piece. Very good series of articles, aren't they?
What a week. Came down to hail mary, now sad that we have to wait till sept for next games. 13 on NFLN will make up for it a bit!
got a lot on my mind , night twitter :3
Does anyone have an octane I can have?
One child asleep by 6:45. This feels like the old days.
m.... saturday mornings.....
thank you so much for everything you were great to our agency! you will be missed!
Good job, well done. My scripts lie safely nearly inaccessible on a floppy disc. The world a safer place.
Thanks Scott! :-D
I started dating my wife 10 years ago today. How cool!
Malibu's Most Wanted, funny shit
Granger on his 1-10 shooting performance: "I have to play in the system of our offense... I can't just catch the ball and hoist up shots."
Gald the Hornets had enough foresight to rid themselves of Chandler and Peja. God knows the can't contribute to a winner.
Hey sis - just saying hello! :)
I wanted to take the time today and Thank all of our service men and women on Veterans Day for their service to our country
I tell you this the cardinals should be thanking the Alanta Braves for them even making the playoffs
Wow seriously, these things had to happen to mee :/
At my desk. (@ Webb PR HQ)
Whats so bad about that?
next time I want a man to handle that job
If being #StraightEdge is lame then call me lame becuz the best thing about my days is reminiscing it all because I'll remember what matters
We are serious in LA about our june gloom!
Don't believe it. Houston continues to reign! ;-)
of course
TWEET ME 'ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE' IF YOU LOVE AUSTIN (:
because they're ALL pigs! Like, its undeniable! All women must just now be gettin it tonight. Lol
STANs are funny online...but don't get it twisted-I will knock the STAN outta your STAN azz if you approach me in real life
Embrace The Martian.
Safe and fun, enjoyable travels, CJ!
your so adorable <3 how old r u? Let me guess 14 or 15? Haha
June 8th at House of Rock!!! VITAL REMAINS!!! Looking for locals!!!
This freakin sucks man!!!
woah... just picked up like 15 followers in 8 mins. you guys are so freakin' rad! welcome to the colony! :))
it'll be even better because he'll remember you too omg
Need 5 girls to work the Auto Show at the Jacob Javits Center, April 7th-15th..please send professional pics to
HELLO GORGEOUS! how have you been?!
Bored as Fuck :/
How do you manage being so fine?
On the grind Mondays. Get up Get out. Get somethin'.
biz is still growing, but we probably couldn't manage without Skype. =)
Do you work Friday? Heading to a morning bikram class downtown, care to join?
doing real great. Going to MMA right now
It's really cool when your mom tells you that your dads having surgery on a meniscal tear in his knee just a few minutes before the surgery
people that claim they're real usually aren't.
my 3 year old kept asking me why I was jumping in the house. So proud of our
60 days till June 1st when Spencer is due to arrive!!! Can't wait might have also found our own place finally!!! #LifeIsGood #Loveit!
You are one awesome broad, ... This broad knows!
Happy Birthday . My wife wants to have another kid and name it Darius.
thank you for your very gracious tweet about my transparency post, you are too kind.
Going for a workout to blow off some steam. Only hmu if you really need me
$50 gets you two winners this weekend. If I don't go 100% with at least two picks, 100% refund. Purchase one day $49.99. TopShelfBets.com
#rip to the bolt. She was a great car and friend
RT if you're passionately against
It's never easy to be chosen.
I lost my beer
"There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes w/ it." ~ Ovid, Metamorphoses... & we're all a little bit masochistic! ;)
Sometimes change really is a great thing! I'm happier as a parental partner than I ever was as a wife (for instance)
listen to our music:)
Don't wanna fall asleep cause I'd miss you baby...ah stuck in my head
who are the flyest of them all babe! *christina the cuban*
ace Ventura pet detective part 2.
We use to be so close now we don't even talk
... Another phenominal collection of B&W photographic art on the auction block at Artnet!
That's the same # that txted me O_o
. Great, thanks. COLLABORATE OR PERISH! was great fun to write. Hope you enjoy the read. Please let me know wht you think!
astro on the x factor.
Can't you get the same effect with per-project git config?
oh the sourdough why do you love me so!
"A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice." He he he... :)
I could pass a sobriety test now.
that's really cool we need more people like u in this world...and ur picture is really cute 2;)
Farting in a quite classroom in the middle of a test...priceless
Would only recommend $.each if jQuery were part of core and js standards were to do things by common jQ patterns. Ease > speed
Thank you for following me.
whats good ....Send me a link to some of the new shit yall been workin on...
Wishing all our fans a Happy Good Friday, Easter Weekend & Passover holiday!
I think I've got a fan! ": Crushing on this comedian she's sexy and funny! Wish I could meet her #1LOVE”
"Life may not always be the party we had hoped for... but while we're here we might as well dance." - Great quote from an unknown author.
yea she said she needs time
Alternating between #StorageWars and #SOTU. I listen to Obama only when bids on a locker.
I'm sitting here wondering how they're going to design a roundabout for traffic on 16th Street, Georgetown and Crawfordsville roads.
Wanna show you how much......
UMM PIZZA :P
Gov Wallace's daughter was with us at the memorial to those who died in the struggle
how are you feeling? you can use the #zombiemoms tag to find other folks up for night feedings :)
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Porn ;)
I think I just read magazines for a wk after reading those two books. Very different, but that same kind of not wanting to end.
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
Can someone get the Yankees number against Porcello nd also who is hot nd not.
I hate the sound of kids .
Back to back PLYO X! That is the measure of my resolve. Nuff said...
At Getting ready for Wednesday. in the building!
First day back from vacation and my boss has a heart attack. Not the best way to start the work week
Setting up my new Droid Incredible & it only took 3 min from power on to hook up to Twitter. Incredible
An opera based on Anna Nicole Smith in London, & another performed entirely in Klingon in the Netherlands! Strange or pushing the envelope?
Hey Seattle - any ideas on event space to accommodate smaller parties? Say 20-30? Thanks!
I understand the need, but since gift giving is remote, online is better (send to destination rather than fly with)
Remember 80% of our vets Do Not have #PTSD. Vets are an outstanding resource for employers to draw on.
You my… you my… you my…
awesome, bring ur friends
is back on twitter. First time since 09. Worth the wait?
yea bout that...*scratches head...* lol jk
Actually it is man : not funny bro :p
I teach in my #Adidas and train in my #Reebok #Zigs. I really like the Zigs, but they are no good for dancing :-)
"Is it bad that I went to The Body Shop pretending I was interested but really I just didn't bring make up" -Jeci in
First Live Local weather team says we might see 6" to 9" of new snow at Mt Bachelor this week.
Nice job girls! RT : vote vote #vote for . it's your #civicduty ! and they did AWESOME TONIGHT! :))
Glad you feel welcome at #AribaLIVE. I just attended your session - so engaging, thanks for the insights!
running a 5K this coming Sunday! :)
Thank you for the website. I'll need that for backup...
“To move the world we must first move ourselves.” -- Socrates
but Jordan never played lax and 23 isnt a lax legends number
Twitter will never be the same again.
So far so good. Our weather team did a great job with it. Scary but important reminders.
"We're going to win every single game!" -Bill Murray . Talk about wishful thinking!
Hey , are you watching the end of the Brewers game, or the finish?
Wow! Look who tweeted me!! RT " Whoa. Those are from way back! :)"
Welcome to Twitter. Hows it treating you so far?
Annoying cell phone service. Pissed as a wait another week for my already 2 week late delievery.
If nothing else today I finally learned to pronounce Veolia today.
Playing with Ruby Kendrick tonight Diplo dance party to follow.
omfg thank you for this.
Is Infatuated with that woman in the red skirt yesterday!!
Excited for my birthday at tonight!!
no sorry
Sure. Thanks anyway! Would you be able to recommend anyone else at NY times who may also be interested in coming? Thanks! :)
I made this<U+270C>
The hardware & software to create the "Less Paper Office" is very basic: Scanner, Hard drive, Capture software and Doc Management Software
For participating in Movember come to any participating Kennedy's location to have your mustache trimmed for free!
It's all about accessibility not availability.
If you're framing our #Packers keepsake newspapers --- How can someone out of state get copies?
Correx: Our last reader today was Angela Penaredondo, whose poem "At the Concrete River" carries September-December 2010.
Peeps remember to check out iTunes this Friday for first single from debut album #Pink&Purple
With everything happening today, you don't know weather your comin or goin
That's horrible!!! 1st and 2nd with one out, get nothing!!
Wanna know what's really fun? Mixing food coloring into stuff--I'm making neon cookies!
No, he really kinda does kinda resemble Robert Pattinson. I had to Google that name. Save your mockery.
Hey, congrats on winning 's contest! Just holler if you have any questions. Happy shopping! :)
Trying to be positive, have had 6 avails since mid-November and 0 bookings. 1 more to go!
Steve Novak is
Took 2 years to get departmental project tracking spreadsheet enacted; weekly short status meetings on all projects only 2 months. Progress!
you guys are awesome. :)))
Anyone see Midsummer Night's Dream ? Thoughts?
the club go crazy on the original track, hope the remix is H.A.M #SLIGHTWORK Remix
Finally getting to do my lecture on Psychoanalysis. Yay!!!!!
Lower stress by changing your alarm. Softer sounds = less stress.
thank YOU for a thoughtful and inspiring chat. Heading out Sat. to pick up your new book.
Buying my mom a Mother's Day gift the day of..
100 niggas in the club with me like im 50#real ish#
Wish I could go tonight: MT: Unnatural Formations #opening #party 6-8pm Stephen Hilyard, Simen Johan & Lydia Anne McCarthy!
we want you at our show april 1st. how can I get you booked for the show?
No problem!
tigers back, here we go, hope all this bs spoken lately about him lights a fire
Ryan Seacrest signs a 2 year extention for American Idol... 15 million a year. Who says good things don't happen to good people?
Maybe because my dad calls me Monkeyhead?
Mf that try to hard to be funny lame as a bitch nobs
I just wrote this sentence: "I can't make it to the rainbow parade because I'm going on an underground urban waterways tour." Who am I?
Am wearing my dork shorts.
getting ready to celebrate el cumplea?os de Jackson at Tia's!
Wish I had my cord :{
So no flash on the iPad? That'll be kind of lame.
SHE DOESN'T EVEN GO HERE!
Why yall drinking tonight save it for tomorrow RT : 1800, nuvo, and that bud tonight..........
Thank Jebus that new #Archer and new #ParksandRec don't cross the streams. Crossing the streams is bad, Egon.
If you do not step forward, you will always be in the same place
I hate being hurried...
Life! For me is a road block can't be cool with everybody! Everybody not cool nomore!
I think Pinterest works well for gathering visual ideas, but Scoop.It works better for sharing articles & links.
looks like you should be folllowong
Thanks! It's cool how everyone has their own horse in this race. Mine's clearly a certain Brit sci-fi comedy adventure.
You too ! Hug the kiddos for me will ya?
oh my windows!! Cleaning windows for days at work today!
What are you up to tonight? We're at Cap Lounge.
- Lisa thanks for the retweet!
You have a ferret!?! That is SO cool! I want one!! lol grr I gotta go it was nice talking to ya again, bye!!! <3
Good luck on any exams you have this week! Study hard and don't get TOO stressed out :)
any time #Yankees amazing how right we were about Campos and Pineda...hm how bout those kids Montero and Noesi
Hope the weekend is going well! You still have 2 more hours to drop in for lunch! We will reopen on Monday December 26!
Any beliebers up for a trend?
Watching the Bet Awards with my wife. Now I know how she feels while watching sports with me.
Is anyone else as excited as I am that will be singing the National Anthem at the #Indy500 this year?!
I spent the morning looking for an ibrik
Next week on Who Do You Think You Are? Paula Deen finds out that one of her ancestors was a stick of butter!
No pic? Must be major to get you to tweet after more than two months.
Tomorrow's Tuesday! Take 10% off all livestock and small animal and bird supplies at any Burton's Total Pet location.
Harry styles <3
patty reading your tweets and Facebook makes me wish the AI family lived closer. I swear we are almost one in the same! Lol
Waiting for: The problem with being a tall infielder is that the ball has more space to find between your legs.
When the lady at the nail salon scrubs your feet and all a sudden your legs get mini seizures lol or is that just me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Lets go to london. I miss you debbie cake
Thanks Mary Beth - We wish you the best in 2012!
Why are you still awake?
Hey, thanks for the heads-up on this. I very much enjoy Hauschka's music, excited to hear him w/violinist. Cheers.
if what you got came just that easy, i don't want it - don't need easy, just possible
Biggest benefits of cultural heritage tourism are strengthening of local economies & preservation of a community’s unique character
RT : (reports from TX educ hearing): "Sikhism "must not be too major or we would have heard of it by now." Relig ignorance.
D11"the world's problems" have nothing to do with color of hair or strapless dresses
Been reading your column long enough.
bigger question is. What is your definition of "stash?" hm
Why the fuck u tryna PLAY ME!
I really wanna know right nawww! Pleasee
&Hannah you havent met these guys in person either,but you still consider them as your bf's.
“: Dying to see the A Tribe Called Quest documentary: Beats, Rhymes and Life....” that is worth a retweet...
Throwback word of the day: Yamps Definition - Young Tramps LM(Blowed)AO
Woohoo! Welcome! What language are you studying?
I shouldnt be a second choice or backup
is making a delicious dinner tonight with her Valentine :-)
Lol what's crazy is, the SAME people you guys talk about are the first people you tweet @ and bullshit with... Do y'all understand ANYTHING?
Still got it for ya
IF I RULED THE WORLD ID NAME AN ISLAND FOR YA
We don't dance, we gangster boogie. RT : Dance, girl, DANCE!!!!!
So I talked to my tax consultant and let's just say for what I spent on drinking out in 2011, I coulda bought the original General Lee
Always listen & never forget
Can't wait for work yeah I said it this had to be the worst weekend off
How bad does ur life to be to commit suicide
What about when you're drunk?
I love to write. What i really truly enjoy is inventing things, but who says "hey i want to be an inventor". I don't think i know anyone...
She's moving on! Stay tuned!
y'all good for eachother
Celebrating the 25th anniversary of #Robotech with some of the other voice actors tomorrow night for dinner. Should be fun
Dont worry bout a thing, every little thing gonna be alright -Bob Marley
hahah very true. Although its starts out interesting. And then we start talking about...well nothing...haha
At the Redemption's Cry and Right Hand Seated Concert at SCCC right now. Awesome stuff!
- sweet, that's what i'm going for.
...I wish pfft just wanted to be a smartass n blow u up
I Wonder How Long Its Gne Take!
lol mobile meat sounds like a catering truck business for some reason.
My reflection have a hard time bein me
It's Monday! What are you doing to uproot gender-based violence this week?
Mark Jamison, Capital One's MVP Digital Innovation Lab, gave an interesting keynote using Nell Carter to talk about user experience design.
“: Imagine how happy the fat guy who lifts his shirt up is right now” leave me alone.
ok now I see it I was expecting a Tebow jersey
Where did the sun go?
no its 9:59pm 1 more minute and off to bed. :// ehhhhh oh well im tired anyway. :P
Just learned intern joining & this summer
that nigger can rap
Tell that to the gazillian 16 year olds getting addicted to it this second.
I hate having gym first period I really don't wanna go lol
"Nerd paradise" sounds awesome. I'll be stopping by.
YES! snowboots and cocktail dresses
U know your head hurts when last night you told the waitress she was doing a greet job
As a fan of the scream franchise I'm trying to drunk reason which is better. 3 or 4?
- here in the States it happens this Sunday 2am, however they don't change in Mysore, right?
Thank you! So nice to meet you too! RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by #elleandjae at
Survived a wild night of storms, and it's time to celebrate that Get to a campus to see why God wants to use you!
Anyone can make you happy by doing something special, but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything.
No, agrees with you.
RT : Clearly, the Senate is playing hardball.
"woman, I wish she were mine. For her breath is as sweet as the dew on the vine."
whos glad that its the weekend???? i am!!!
Maybe so you don't accidentally hit SET while driving. The chances of accdtly hitting ON - SET in that order are much lower.
Wow wade how do you miss that
Get ready for Yesterday at the Smiling Moose in Southside with MCSA and Call to Attraction on Saturday October 9th!!!
playing golf on a beautiful Friday afternoon.
“: I'll lick on her body.”freaky ass nigga lol sound like me
"I recorded my hair this morning, tonight I'm watching the highlights."
That point where a sponge stops absorbing water. Metaphor to my mood.
And you! Keep fighting the good #equity11 fight
“ “ When you grow up you see alotta shit different””
Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat. -Napoleon Hill
When the table next to me at the coffee shop is making NEIGHING NOISES, it's time to leave. That is not helping me learn stats.
RT : I'm going to the goodwill to get my ugly Christmas sweater now before they're all out! (You better HURRY!)
i have a strong ass gut feeling
That's it. I'm bringing back the Flash intro.
Going downport with my family for Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's :)
evening Thitia.. hope your day was a good one..
Happy 28th Birthday to the one and only, Aaron Rodgers! Putting the finishing touches on your cake! I know you'll love it. #GoPackGo!
go tp Bethlehem Steel in Batimore, Maryland. Lots of death unrecored. I know someone that died there. Traped souls, and coverups
Biden is great, like that uncle everyone loves in your family. He didn't know us, he had somewhere to be, but took the time.
and even happier you mentioned "Brave".
Nobody likes Mondays !
thanks for pimpin this tweet! :)
If pocahontas and the smurfs had babies, the result would be avatar...
T1: Well professionally we are on 5 social networks. , , , (new) and
I know, I've been listening to it all day!
You know you got the short end of a trade when you end up with Kwame Brown
Wouldn't it have been cool if appeared on the field after the 1st blkout then disappeared in the 2nd like The Undertaker?
Thank you! RT Congrats! That means In june you will be welterweight champion!
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!
Just found out that Laci Green and Jenna Anne are going to , and now I really wish I could go. Alas, Leakycon calls.
It is not good to see people who have been pretending strength all their lives lose it even for a minute. Lillian Hellman
#Mauritania owes #France, #Libya will need to offer good deal to get #Senussi. Deal w/ #Sarkozy likely already done.
you'll rethink that when you have a phone interview and the quietest room on campus doesn't have a phone jack.
Cuttin my circle of friends, less bullshit this way.
nice meeting u last night! Fun show ;)
great! We will! Happy moving
you never talk to me anymore...
You can make a skin difference...antioxidant serum, sun block am and restorative Retin A or growth factor products pm....simple as that!
Mysteriously sexy and beautiful NaLee2010.com check it out!!!
Great to see fellow innovative leaders & representing the entrepreneur community.
Is #studyabroad your dream but you don't know how to afford it? Check out - scholarships for US undergrads
In 5 Days #Fan4Life Tape Drops!
Haha! It was fun! -- chriss RT : had fun @ the event with mr & mrs lon!
Deal. And I promise to have better schedule next weekend for long run!
#rain rain go away I have #ColoradoRockies tickets today!!
yeah! your awesome fans reminded me! :) I've been amazing... how r u?? You should come back to LA with !
watching On H.B.O Funny.
Welcome moto-crossing musical writer princess!
only You Can Stop me Otherwise Its Sad
bowling tonight!
Serendipity means reading about Durer's "Adam and Eve" yesterday and seeing it in the Block Museum print show today.
1879: First Dallas telephone installed btwn fire station & Browder Springs pump house. More water pressure to fight fires!
We value something only when we lost it...
I've followed the commentary for some weeks now, but also laid back in the cut & waited to make my own decision.
Funny how Victoria Justice is the main character in Victorious but it seems like Ariana Grande is a lot more successful.
me too!:) and nope haven't seen it yet:)
Played a great game of golf today #perfect day
Too Easy! RT : Kids these days have it so easy. I mean, for starters, their sweatpants have pockets.
Rick. Shaw.
#hth2012 Donaldson really good thoughtful discussion on issues of imposing global ontology standards on local meaning. More colonialism?
Yes, I'm freaking out. Yes I'm scared. But I'm also one of the strongest girls you will ever meet. So I am determined to get through this.
Game day! Who's coming out to watch take on FC Dallas at #LSP at 6 p.m.?
lol all the black people
Still up studying:/
Lets all do what we can to help those who are being attacked by the Queensland floods!
game 6 of the 1st round equates to the superbowl?
recording a couple of Sam's Club radio spots downtown today....always a pleasure...except the traffic getting there....
and by the way I think it's absolutely adorable how you tweet about hannah. Adorable.
same to you biaaa !
in the fall and spring we stressing bout grades.... in the summer we stressing bout getting jobs!
#18conf Brian Samuels issues us a challenge to focus our practice on social and emotional well being of children
Thanks Joe, I finally got in... Hopefully my loss of a Klout point just now wasn't because I was complaining? LOL!!!
You still have a few hours left to catch 1/2 price burger night - buy a side or soda (get a beer!) and your burger is 50% off!
Special flavor in honor of St Paddy's: Guinness inspired gelato! limited quantity- Happy St Paddy's!
Today has been a day full of waiting on clients, which usually means a night of acting on last minute feedback
i want traveling to be a part of my career
what show was it for? my cave of an office in my apt could really use some sprucing up, i think this poster is gonna do it
Chicago "vc funding" events = service companies looking for business
Please follow Von Miller Hes a crack up.
I'm excited to see what's going on with Jackson! & Lydia!
Specials on Patches available at Galaxy Digitizing ..... Don't miss out. Email: or
"Live every day as if it's Leap Day, and every Leap Day as if it's your last." Leap Day William
Sorry about the PMs. I was hacked. No one said anything bad about you in any blog I've read.
ROFLcakes. :P Indeed. Negative points for Aaron's "authentic" pronunciations, too. Bonus: pissing off Conant or Zakarian.
Still looking for a half day tour? Check out You'll love this impressive 200-acre family-owned organic dairy farm
Getting guys has never been an issue for me... My issue is realizing when I have one that's worth it!!!!
I'm the grinch who stole Christmas
Shortys is on 2nd between bell & Blanchard. See u there?
Is it too late for a do over on Obama? I mean really...The gulf is ruined, no new jobs, and he's still cramming his agenda down our throats.
Our plan was to relaunch on the last day of the month. Until now, no one noticed January has 31 days. Relaunch date: January 31
“ I look at a bitch face before I look at her ass..”
whys he gonna say no? :(
Of course, if hadn't gone home to retrieve my lucky headband for me, the Caps wouldn't have won at all.
awh ok, I feel u
no ... just taking a little hiatus.
Tyson- that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love.
I'm a huge fan of the 100% Argan Oil. On my face, it absorbs fast & is so luxe. Still figuring out how much to use in my hair!
What happen to Wade tonight, thats what happens when you sacrifice your great talent for LeBron smh
We will be there. will be participating. Email if you have more details! andrew [at] simplegeo.com
assuming our time was two years ago...
Thanks for the mention. We just started following your pins, great work.
glorious day at #NewarkShow, everything went smoothly, come along tomorrow and see for yourself! well done to all involved
You need a mentor who will be honest with you. You need to seek a mentor at every turn of your career as you move through your prof life.
small room, butt load of people, sweet hangs, and dennys after, you can't go wrong
WHAT IS THE FUCKING POINT!?
for the follow! Have a fabulous Tuesday!
Seriously my mom calls me for the dumbest of things
I'm obsessed with Publican Quality Meats: amazing food, people I love, and eye-candy butchers.
I'm ready
See, the reason that I swear so much is because FUCK YOU.
if was a chick, it'd be a 10. Joomla is like a 3. Concrete is like a 6. Scrive is 1.
old is right!! Haha
I am good watch ya doin
I got to let the cleaning lady in to clean our room!
Arsenault says #UNICEF has been targeted when seen as part of a broader goal/system and end up in wrong place, wrong time.
i can get you?
FOOD FACTS! Celery requires more calories to eat and digest than it contains.
Hit a HR in my softball game and followed it with an immediate major league bat flip. Not sure if I'm embarrassed or proud
#ESPNmnb wonder who the cubs fans will boo more? Braun or Ramirez?
you know you loved TEXAS! Follow us pretty please, darlin'? xoxox
Who thinks the Nuggs gonna complete the upset tonight?
The sexy legs in the pic belong to Nora, my husband's girlfriend. She's a sexy pinup girl!
who is this?? And where is Robb??
Thanks for all of your comments on #BankTransferDay story. Watch Fox at 10 to see them.
Man! I was housing to a mix, and when he was walkin over my way I thought a battle was going to happen
Which will prove more historically significant? The inventiion of the printing press, or its obsolescence?
About to start my interview for my 2nd job. Hopefully it's quick, so I can go to my 1st job.
how I felt last night <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080> >
I been good,and yes im still in Memphis
I don't want #oomf to got to college! ):
I can be your motivation <3
um no. You still do that. Toes mend, precious bottles of booze break and spill their beautiful innards all over the floor.
Our soccer tournament has been MOVED to June 25-26! Sorry for the change of date, we hope you'll make it out!
It's scary how well you know me already.
My Bond Villainess name has been chosen. Anya Balzac. Thanks for playing.
It lists books about International Relations. Great books of academia aren't just for English class!
Just letting you know..I'm going to kiss you. You're going to be caught off guard. You'll be fine. It's going to be great. Soon. Very soon.
because you didn't meet Harry!
Wow, where did the night go? News then bed! Night all.
Thanks to anyone who bought Beyond the Summit after the free promo. It's now #99 in all sales for Action and Adventure on amazon.
Something weird is going on today .. Seriously everyone is being friendly to me and ..
:( ima miss you ' have a nice flight
I don't get to eviscerate anyone today (in the script!) but still some fun scenes coming up.
New has over half as many questions after two weeks as to date. More a matter of good interface than of community?
#SaySomethin on replay because i cant get enough of it! Im so proud of you! <3
CAN YOU GET HIM TO BUY ME ONE 2
plus your heels your taller then Johnny >_<;;
No teacher ;)!
Damn right Celtics is making a COMEBACK!!!!!!
Have you ever stepped back and realized how much you're hurting me?
Former Florida governor, Jeb Bush endorses Tommy Thomson for U.S. Senate.
- here is some more, from OKLAHOMA!! Love love love!
oh i know i know
I also noticed one popular shop not carrying any local dance records. They had other labels, but none from this town.
me too, once she picked up, i was like oh shit, wrong number, lolz
Scouts oust lesbian mum
drats you're a Laker fan. My heart is broken <U+E40F>
is having major technical difficulties this week. Hang on, we'll let you know when we're back.
I am all sorts of tired and pissed. Can't believe I am up this early on a Saturday. Ashton betta come out cuz I think I'm getting punked
Has anyone done a "You and I" mashup with and ?
A huge THANK YOU to Tim Phillips for leading one of the most OUTSTANDING workshops ever given for actors!!
pleasure gettin' drunk with ya brother
they should totally repurpose that for some museum shop product. Or even a museum logo. "We eviscerate the bunnies"
We're looking for 1 or 2 more songs to round out our holiday set list. What do YOU want us to sing?
RT : Smdh... RT So you just gonna act like Miami didn't beat Duke at Cameron Indoor on Sunday....Aight
It's cool how me and live near each other! Hey u got FB?
Holy F! My dropbox just went from 5.5gb to 8.8gb out of nowhere
absolutely! I'm pretty open. Just let me know.
Nothing like a regrettable wake-up call from life to make you question how you make use of your potential.
thank you <3
I could have been done with that a lot sooner if I hadn't already written my speech on the wrong topic.
House Education Committee meeting to vote on large omnibus education bill. Committee substitute includes HCS for HB 1228 on charters.
3 Chipotle burritos in 24 hours. Is that safe?
#muchoImportante fools follow AND #RT- dont think i'll have as many walk outs as
Another faculty member, who recently won and award!, has foregone assigning essays and only assigns metadata! Keywords and tags.
If this man wore tighter jeans, he would be a woman
“ “ This week is gonna suck.””
i ain't go curtains still now that I think about it
And I'm sure you don't mean Information Technology.
Intense circuit training with Kirsten this morning to kick- start Tuesday. Exactly what this girl needed. Love a great training partner!
Keep it simple starting.
I feel bad for any Britney Stan who did not have an Internet connection yesterday lol
Going to the store
Let's make great videos together. Video production students, join VSL!
Really #Newgirl? And you use Beach House's "Take Care"? Glad I have Kleenex.
Spent most of today doing for others. When I had a chance to do anything else, I was thinking of banners & images to help others think.
My friends should read Breaking Dawn because I skipped school just to finish reading the book in 24 hours!
RT : So should I wear my bikini to the pool party or what????<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099> *>* I Believe So!!
clearly your judgment is better than mine as I am out and about instead of being at Bobst
Football refs could call penalties on every play
Back-row seats...check. Popcorn and Icees...check. Ready to see The Avengers!
Lmao. Damn shame. We kept seeing yo drunk ass everywhere we walked on mifflin. I seen like 5 arrests happen in that timeframe
Still at pao. design design design. for
Im out shooting the EVERGREEN BOSS documentry about TEAMLOYALTY NORTHWEST's own we bout to be everywhere ....hit me for a cameo
RMFT Eating apples with braces. <<
as I was driving home tonight I saw our little theatre in town is showing Love Actually tomorrow night.
Here we go! Spring semester 2012!
Startup Breakfast has been pushed back this morning to *10am*, and it's now at the *Beehive* rather than Langermann's.
Seriously, Preds, pull it together.
Wow: Pandora + John Williams = great action adventure writing music. Where have I been?
you pull off the cross-era look.
that drive was one of the all time sleepiest. Baby Island is real nice listening. Thanx for the heads up !
i gave you the lanyard so get out of here! and eventually i will get the spiderman guitar picks!
Are you guys actually trying to say that Dell is "uppity"???
Hey chad, I am a tester for #openclass and I am using it right now. It has a lot of potential.
I realized today, my wife Beverly, is the anti-Kardashian (though she might want some of their stuff).
Love, Love, LOVE the new macbook. How did I ever live without it!?
keep up the great tweets!
The Bluebird of Happiness = best pie of my life at , 10 min drive from #cwcon. Pimento cheese hand pie was awesome too!
For #sm data, analyze what you need to know and what is action that you care about
You my friend, are in fact the knees of said bees.
go Turkey day lol
Chris Kreider is on the ice
I'm so sorry that it didn't work out , im moving on
I know I have said this and that is "coming Soon" but life happens...
OH. MY. GOD. STEVE! email me and i'll resend some dipes. And careful what you post - lmk if you get congratulated! ha!
#TweadingTuesday in walked bud
No Problem!:)
YEAH! Now that's a fire!!!
enjoy the sunrise... outrun it!
I miss my bestest :-(
Every time I re-watch it, the more I am convinced that The Third Man is a perfect film.
Wow they called wale , ace hood on mediatakeout today smh
Having fun @ the 6 state gov info virtual conference. Very interesting keynote from sunlight foundation
Ebc was crazy today so many djs and people what a exp... Only
need a global day of debt forgiveness, from nations to individuals.
LSU-Bama was a good physical t Game but no where near "game of the century". Would love to see Luck and Stanford play LSU! #playoff anyone?
yay i can screen share and video chat with skype... now all of you can join my team
Happy New Year to everyone. Specyphi
RT I work on third and market. Is that close to minna? (<-super close!it's next door to john colins,st regis and westin hotel)
Are u guys going to NY next month? I'm going but I'll be there after thanksgiving
Damn, where/when can we get the tape?
Preparing for the holidays, can't wait for the turkey and spiral ham... Yum!
good morning :)
Watching the new Aziz special has me excited to see him with
It's childish in this day and age to ban something that everyone should be entitled to out of fairness
Watching Tekzilla live http:\\revision3.com\watch
is a Media Software and Services company headquartered in Seattle, Washington
I'm surprised they didn't walk Hamilton.
I'm having mixed feelings : /
Thank you for the wonderful night.
oh no! What happened?
ABA program Visible Invisibility: Breaking Down Barriers to Women's Leadership; women of color research initiative
it's a great day to smoke some
when is the last time you worked out?
Haha I hope I can get a lot! And thanks!
the security cameras are always rolling.
that aint my hi score anymore DC!
Ran 2 miles 2day & feeling GOOD! In 1week & 2days I'll be running Cancer Free!...well not runnin' but Cancer Free! #Fight'nCancer
Happy #Easter everyone! Hope you got lots of delicious candy from the Big Bunny.
Good luck to the Bills rookies at minicamp today
where r u all lol
First day of shooting for the new Zimbo Film. I won't be on set today but I will be tomorrow, pics then.
Yes it does, opening day in Milwaukee RT : Opening Day in Cincy. Streets lined with red. It doesn't get much better than this
you still havnt followed me cindy :( lol
Rum diary! Rt: : 14 diff kinds of #rum made in #puertorico. started in #Cuba. Random facts. ”
The junk drawer is the most important drawer in the house.
you forgot me betch
The reason I found Obama's trip to Roscoe's pandering is that he has affinity for blacks. There's no black agenda like gays and Latinos.
your wife must be awesome at racquetball. let us know if you need any advice or tips. :-)
Houston here I come very soon!
Glad to hear it, Alysha! We were happy to have you on board.
Meeting with Twitter's head of communications in a minute. What would you ask her?
And you! RT : You're a great #NatChi trivia teammate.
I agree. spitting image
Yesterday, West side, Mid-City and South Bay volunteers learned literacy games to help foster the love of reading!
Starts with L finishes with unch. That's what time it is break from the day eat some grub
The top 5 pizza sales days are: Super Bowl Sunday New Year's Eve Halloween The night before Thanksgiving New Year's Day
Loser of Mike & Mike's "Sheets of Integrity" will perform a dance with a pro from Dancing With The Stars in-studio with one day of rehersal.
I try so hard but you don't ever notice
THE 10 sucks. Enough said.
thank you! RT“: Watching 2010 summer of love <3 i love this show so much!! X”
Summer is coming to an end. Finish up the light, white wines you have in your collection and start stocking up 4 the luscious reds 4 winter!
Walked out the door feeling fly... and then this HUGE beetle landed on my shirt!!! My glamorous cover was blown.
Zion National Park: a great place to ease stress, get hitched: It's a restful education about one of Southern Utah's best landmarks a...
90 days til the big day!!!!
I got lots of music going around in my head, better start layin' it down.
80's baby but my soul from the 70's
thats kind of dirty
been like that... helpful at least in hindsight to see performance
My cousin's a mess , Just Read your tweets , #Hilarious , Be safe Love you Tho
when u come 2 ny? I refuse to grow up :c
it will have to be mind blowing, but there were some really good news events this year
im feelin a trip to the craft store son!
it's very very scary.
What was context?
Octomom needs to go away. So gross
The Girl Scouts have left the room.
what kind of video are you making?
The version was better
recorded an ESRB video yesterday for Quake Arena Arcade and is filling out paperwork today for Content Complete! Partnernet build imminent!
I'll be sending you my moral support & I'll be there in spirit if you do punch her.
Blackout v Phone bouta die v school tomorrow v
I would, but I'm stuck in BB5
Hey, ! Why don’t you add the word "PERL" to the dictionary?
I am in wholefoods. They are crowded. Are we seeing a recovery?
dear future me, you better be fucking awesome. -yours truly
hey! It's in orange I think? Spent the day up here in orange county and girls night out in irvine. :)
RT : Your programmer or web designer may have a lot of qualities, but he isn't in marketing
Sorry bitch.
oh so restless... whats happenin tonight, kiddies?
Memorial day is s great time to honor your Heroes. Who is your hero?
Dear Film Theorists...I get it, you're smart! Now please stop raping my mind. Love Jose <3
screw the haters!! Theyre just jelly and think they have a chance!! Your a very beautiful women and even Niall knows <3
Mike Dunleavy is absolutely insane
he just messaged me saying he is scared
I clicked the link labeled "Seton Hill Univ Mascot Throw," expecting a video of griffin projectiles. Instead, it advertises a rug.
Packing freak out!
What's next from the folks who bring us ? Tweets from the Hindenburg?
Your obviously none too happy with the speaker.
no s?
Very cool. I have a numbers of lists that are terribly out of date. Need to update them! Hope no one follows them closely. :-)
These refs are wackkkkk
#sciencedenial : biggest health reform story of all wasn't written, how Affordable Care ct would affect ordinary people
8 yrs, 3070 miles, 2 boxes, 12 hrs & 3 iced coffees later, I finally finished hanging the exhibit of my most favorite Cali artist. Xo Carmen
My hope is that their music inspires a new generation to take creative chances and make enduring art.
Fox/Hounds on Ventura for UCL Final.
May be in the minority, and am definitely unrealistic (probably), but I want Marcum and Greinke.
Are you following our lovely thrift blogger ? She's pretty much a a genius when it comes to thrifting!
How is it already 6th inning??? I guess when its not your team the game goes by QUICK!
Hoes were jealous, but wouldn't admit it. Talk shit, and deny to everyone that they did it.
Hi Kim! So glad to hear it! Doing well here - hope you are great, too! See you soon! :-)
I am going to cry so hard tonight, I already know it.
hey(: . How was your daay?
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 3
Only good thing about having two Ohio #NFL teams is.... umm, uh, mmmmmmmh...two easy #Raiders wins :)
Brandon Marshall's smile can light up a room. Every time I see that guy he's smiling & it's contagious!
I'm at my studio downtown. Do you have lunch plans?
Hey Dealers! Want to know how the history of Harley-Davidson can help you in your business? Call about a VIP tour, (414) 287-2799
#NFAIS12 Woah, did you just say 40% of books acquired by academic libraries don't circulate?
RT : Apparel industry, human rights NGOs, unions, & investors call on Clinton to help end forced child labor in Uzbekistan...
we're on the same page then. Cheerrup kiddo :)
": where u ? Nigga looking for some work" deptford NJ u?
I'm going to the park! #YOLO :D
I have missed ! Working hard so I can stop working hard!! Thinking about hiring an intern for the winter break. Need to think on it.
Austin's birthday is April 4th, and he's! RT if your birthday is in April, on the 4th of a month, or if you're 15. (:
no! we can go together! just sit sepeartely! Amanda's going! She might have lawn!
i know right! bahaha i never woulda guessed
Then off to bed
"When I think of Facebook, I think of my friends, not my network," says "Let it be you."
"Be My Thrill" by is exactly what I need today. The entire album evokes people, places, & feelings for me.
The first guy I ever fell for just got married a week ago. So speak now by has been on repeat.
goodmorning Kle I'm mad I missed you answering questions last night. Cause I wanted to ask you somethings :)
that we can agree on
lol thanks girl for the love, i know i'm bad at keeping it updated but my phone never works with twitter
i cant believe tomorrow is the seniors last day of highschool... im gonna miss my cousin. he's not gonna be my SRT brother anymore :(
I like him, he likes me but doesn't go anywhere :/
#ImWeakFor guys who can kiss with passion and intensity!
NEW Alpha Girls distribution plan: First you get the Sugar, then you get the Power, then you get the Women.
i really hate these cheesy boys on here making their tweets about loving a girl.
Cool. But can you come over? o:
Rewatched some West Wing episodes from the first couple seasons. No sober human can write like that.
"In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy"- Fred Durst
I can see my phone pretty well...thats all that matters
im laughing so hard im cryingg but he really let that motha fucka take me ... Hahah
The Gramercy office market is hot. Not enough boutique inventory for trendy tenants.
Okay, a porn star followed me. I'm done.
good one!
HVAC maintenance have many benefits like reducing your energy cost and will increase your comfort!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 11.
AWHHHH I wish I could talk my mom into it!!!
Mad bros & Ladies at the crib for the fight tonight. I'm on board with #TeamMayweather tonight.
Many of those businesses may not have been black-owned but they were still in black communities.
love my job...we minister...we love those who walk through our doors...we tell them about Jesus...and we laugh alot...
The Orioles play the Nationals this weekend. Please form an orderly line, people.
NICE! Taylor Green!
I don't like asking questions but...why!?
We still have a little stack left. May make you work for 'em, though. :)
getting my nails done and minding yours lol
RT : I'm putting together this year. Wanna help? Got ideas? Meet us at tomorrow at 5:30.
My TV remote has tiny bits of cheese and peanut butter on the buttons.
NO. YOU FOLLOW ME CAUSE YOU LOVE ME. DX
Fox 11 news is my entertainment in the morning Lol haha
Great job by Phil Humber doing the top 10 on David Letterman
Mashing this 2-5 cash game
TY ! we were excited about the #Beertown HHA nod!
please follow (:
Don't forget a stop at Koppa's on #MKEDay ... Get game snacks for tonight #Bucks and #Brewers showdowns and
Not a jealous man, but females lie
"Mediocrity is the height of selfishness." - Brian Klemmer (R.I.P.) Go do something extraordinary.
We want our students to know they will always be part of our family. -Dr. Gabbe
it will be our secret.
Tapping Into #Data to Create a Competitive Advantage #PzS12 ,
twisting my hair until something cool happens
Thanks Pete! I need all the support I can get. This is going to be the biggest animal I've ever tackled.
Connecting the dots of change - Vernon Morning Star
Sometimes Tweetdeck just declares Twitter bankruptcy for you.
Can't stand no closer than 10 feet to someone because you smell from cleaning stalls and brushing horses.
I think that is a great thing :)
macaroon rollin and getting ready for our cookie class tonight.
Just spotted an abandoned weave in a school parking lot.
truly looking forward to my quarter day. please share it with me??
nice - thanks Janet
Ok, the "world peace" elbow throw is brutal and violent...but it must shit ratings gold for as often as ESPN is playing it.
House if filling up for #BROKE The RUSH lines are 60 Patrons deep, they are a hopeful bunch.
No two songs better represent their musical styles and differences than the respective xmas tunes of John Lennon and Paul McCartney
Seriously loving how many of you are participating in #m. This is so much fun. What if I lied and had not point to this...hahaha.
Another benefit of exercise: 15 min on the bike = 15 min of focused reading #SocialBoom by 5 stars. Social media=business social.
Not a good idea...it would probably be mostly "water weight" RT : is it possible to lose 4kgs in 7 days?
It's been a hard day time to hit the range!!
Haven't drank since Sunday. <U+E056>
I love ! I've been using it on my laptop for several years. Great for notes and writing.
All year 365 from February to February, the only place where SUCCESS comes before WORK is inside the dictionary
Oh by the way, is going to jail next month for hitting a woman. #whosyourmanager?
Mother's Day is almost here, Memorial Day is approaching...what's your favorite date-specific #marketingautomation campaign?
and thanks for the RT! I hope you like the book. I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts.
Happy to see Joe do al my work for me. :)
Excellent. So we're all set for the next panel on developing new audiences, right?
Booked an acoustic show May 30th. Radness.
": GAY Club be prepared to bring Joseph Kony down!!! We assemble tomorrow" You go glen coco!
Come in there next period . .
High of 62 here in #Milwaukee. Who's eating outside for #lunch?
RT : Morris pushed WTHR reporter out of way w/forearms, like snowplow clearing a path. This is over Girl Scouts! Really.
oops, I thought it was another person! Hehe
monday - same shirt different day ...
Or maybe their community manager will see this convo about Foursquare & respond. Hi Foursquare community manager! Look at us!
did you get what i sent you? i hope it made sense.. my computer wasn't wanting to attach things to the work emailzzz
good morning pinkkitti, happy wednesday to you
Welcome lover of writing and history.
We're on the N train to Astoria Boulevard for some Czech tradition!
Traveling to Mexico tomorrow... punta sur, el cedral, san gervasio not an assignment... but for my head
cool will do man. And yeah probably get there around 2ish.
Seems appropriate RT : Need a Seau region and a Waters region at tecmo IX to pay homage
Can't trust a big but and a smile
I'm at the SFIMA Summit. Great presentations all day long. Follow #SFIMA to see what I mean.
Tomorrow is going to be a all production day .
Holy shit lightning right in front of me. <U+26A1> :'(
#lrnchat I would agree that it is a component but I think it can involve dialogue with "experts" as well
Nope but found one online. You still got Brien Taylor's shoes? :)
Great meeting today with Ola Taiwo, Associate Producer, of One Night in Brooklyn.
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to designing for you!! “: Looking forward to your amazing design!”
Prioritize.. Be sure you make time for the important things / people in your life. You won't regret it.
FYI its also Slovak
I appreciate a drive thru car wash that actually uses soap
I drove seven and a half for the weekend surprise,
#MyGraduationSpeech there are so many people I would like to thank, just no one here because you're all fuckers and I hate you all. :-)
oh malea I miss your post talk rants at woodys!
"omg all I want is kfc" -- I feel the same way about tacos
Wow, I never heard!
Facebook company pages: if used effectively, a powerful tool to micro-track progress/impact of brand-building/awareness activities.
Your friend in your new avatar's a real looker!
no prob! You have any news on the store in #CLT?
Is weird that I thought Meg Ryan died a long time ago or.
The Pewter Menagerie
ok good
"When a person is in fashion, all they do is right." -Lord Chesterfield
Love playoff hockey, let's go caps!!
Who knew was such a teddy bear under that badass exterior? (OK, we kinda knew ;))
Thanks. I agree...steaks are better. ;)
Kobe a bitch but I hate it had to b him!
Thanks for sharing the infographics from and Public Library Funding & Technology Access Study.
not to much ill post a pic of me on here if yew want :D
Happy Friday! What's everyone up to? I'm working like crazy over here!
going 5 years strong brother!!! #TeamCelibate me and wifey making a stand waiting until marriage !
I need an AMS (Acronym Management System).
Dont wanna go to brighton ugh
Damn..I can't even look myself in the face anymore right now. Smh
lol its cool
It's Wed, you know what that means... It's #BLB day! Help us build up our fab base N tell a friend about #BLB. Get them to follow us ;-) RT!
We are absolutely slammed tonight!!!! Wow!!! Great band on stage too!!!
Would U b interested n looking at some lyrics of mine? I have 10,000 things 2do, am planning a CD release ASAP; love 2 help
Happy bday to Clara Stanton Jones, the 1st African American President of the American Library Association! She was born in 1913.
I'm pumped I wanna see it!
Party going on aka Dwirty Dwiana. and are giving out free sandwiches come join
Homes are at their lowest price in a decade. CNN 4/24/12.
#thoughtsduringoralsex "that finally shut her up"
Carnage Road is being released now; The Frenzy War, June 1; Tortured Spirits, Oct. 1; Snow Shark in winter...throw in 2 more film projects!
Ran around buying paint and supplies today, hopefully the weather will be nice enough to start tomorrow!
thx 4 the encouragement - I'm still twisted about this process but it is ALMOST over finish line in site
Chris Parnell is a fucking hoot, glad he's getting paid $$ #nokia lumia 900
???? You know what I meant.
People, Soony is not on the bench.
A Friend gave me a free copy of his book today. An actual printed copy! I had no idea they were still doing this kind of thing. How Retro
I find this somewhat suspect at 1:30 AM...
Haters hate, because they hate seeing you do better.
Need of the week: men’s and women’s belts (all sizes)
I just have second thoughts about ths, to much drama and immature people!
Apple boots Sony off Iphone App Store
Great time at Bedford, as always!
Gosh, I'm such a #teenwolf nerd. :P
I'm actually really tame. I mostly sit in my studio and work for long periods of time and talk to no one.
You know you're jealous of my Illinois shoreline photos!
Darker blue. Hawk head connects in back. And there is a new patterned stripe on the top that comes to a point in the back.
ACOs can exchange any data needed internally for informatics, but must be able to send basic data outside ACO
RT : Tim Taylor on behalf of CO Succeeds, "this is a workforce pipeline issue" #coasset,
Who stays, who goes, trades, and the #DRose rehab.. lots 2 think and talk about in the off season
.... I like grinding lol
Windy and freezing cold outside...
breathe in...breathe out...lol
Great game buffs!! Baylor up next... Gotta show em what's up!!
"Remember, running is life, the rest is just details. Now go!" -Dean Karnazes, Dean's Blog
Who was the uneducated fuck who made #YouWasCuteUntil what #greatenglish you have -__-
Nice dude! Great stuff. I started doing it regularly just about 3 weeks ago. Have you seen their new HTML + CSS ones?
Who ever says secrets don't make friends, obviously is just jealous they have no friends.
hi ales,...isnt it your birthday soon, looking at theese tweets,since i cant have/find you on my Fb, i'll need to remember,,,???.
awesome! clearly we are very very important people.
Without the beard he's just not intimidating. Like DJ without hair.
How outrageous was Franklin Graham on Morning Joe? That apple fell nowhere near the tree.
#WGN - The Obsessed Fan's Michael Bolton collection video this a.m. was off the hook!
turn to you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> omg
its for tomorrow u down ?
Happy Mother's Day, matron!
but we'll be together then, son you know we'll have a good time then
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! So thankful for all of our clients!
Every milestone helps!
Ah, Joyce, there Yugo again...
it's a good day when your bra and underwear match.
: embrace self discipline to become free; look in the mirror to see your surroundings more clearly; make your life a gift and enjoy it!
I don't want to let this go. </3
so much to do over the next couple of days, but never stop enjoying life.
no it's not! see what I did there? :)
#TeamBrian is starting to get cocky...someone step up to replace #TeamKris!
Here's how it going to be: The next time you see me I'll only be capable of speaking in Third Eye Blind lyrics.
So not wanting to work right now!
Can't wait! RT“: I get to see this weekend at our first competition! #wgi”
Making grilled cheeses for the faaam
I i were famous id get in a lot of trouble for tweeting and RT'ing bad tweets Hahahha.
Just when you think you're about to escape...mechanical difficulties...
I love the ham game!!!!
Obama just asked Betty White to produce her birth certificate on Leno. Not for nothing, the man has fun amidst a damn tough job.
is currently completing a quarter's worth of work.... And the all-nighter is well underway! ;)
You can have everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want. Zig Zigler
Where did they take you?
I can't believe just mixed Warren g into this Rihanna bullshit. Get the fuck off the air
so wat r wr gonna call u
Most of us are afraid to draw..will apps like doodle.ly change that? Asks of SVA
Red Hat and SUSE join IBM in new Linux system, Canonical opts out
You're so close, Derek! We're excited for you down here in the Big D. :)
Feelin a little buzzed! :)
For all of you Beliebers out there please follow ,they're cool!!!
yep. who do you know that might want to help out?
I miss the office! There are only so many good talks I can have with cats!
oh yea! We're on 4th ave now!
Hey!;) Thanks for the follow back!;)
Northern Ambassadors
thanks for the follow..
Zingers yum ^_^
will you drive ;))))) I mean u would have to drive past altamonte anyways and it's only like 10 more minutes :)))))
End of the line #grizzlies ....this hurts
Got to meet Kimberly Altic Lingenfelter and her beautiful daughter this morning! What a nice family :D
maaaaaannnn, I can't pass up free coffee
this explains ALOT!! “: #Gemini are easily attracted to "different".”
Woohoo - more followers! Thanks for your support with my students - very much appreciated. Good luck with Cupcake!!
Funny Quote: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
people are liking the mushroom secret ingredient
Can grown childen become toxic? Think that will be the source of new story.
or when your friend is the DILF! Haha ;)
old Gill has to get those leads!
I have a few weeks FREE to do whatever my heart desires in #NOLA. Ah so many things I haven't done, foods I haven't eaten...!
I promise to make you fall in love with me every single day
I've already finished my first book in 2011: Julia Cameron's The Creative Life. Rereading Jonathan Strange. Ordering Tale of Genjii.
I wish you had a twitter yo.. So you can read all my tweets about you.
It is so lame when guys try to holler at you from their car window. Seriously, what self respecting woman responds to that?
hey check out
Nicki Minaj is going ... *closes up laptop and walks away* I'm all set!
Question of the Day: Convertible, yes or no?
I'm super jealous.
RT : Don't do that either! RT judging?? I'm snitching lol<<< on the horns as we speak lol
Bar Louie hopping #customerappreciationweek is the best
lol. Yea I'm headed to sleep soon too
#Blago missed his turn into prison again. This is getting funny.
I took four <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A> and still have a headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
RT : Tomorrow begins #ccswg12 with 70 of the leading minds of #critcode shaping and building the field!
Selena I just want u to know that I love you and I've been supporting u since 2006 and still am in 2012 and hopefully forever<3
is this really how the green line is every morning? cant complain about the orange line anymore.
#FF #learning #leaders who help others grow
u get like this anytime i say anything like that ..Its like I kant say anything at all that will make u go like u are now
Jamming out with my best friends...
Hahah of course that too
They're cute kids...
Impromptu wine tasting in the afternoon... Big mistake. Huge!
people who confuse Castilla with Casilla, often confuse Brian with Brain.. weird how that happens
go Jhonny go
not that bad! Happy Halloween!
Happy Spouse’s Day for all the married folks out there! feeling romantic here
what a trip. thanks for the info
i will forward their info as soon as i land somewhere. They r gr8. Emails, phone calls, scheduling, bookkeeping, u name it.
No, it's on the 13th.
*Claps* Their lyrics were pretty insane
And we again came very close to Kreider's first NHL goal, but not close enough
Sprinkles are inherently adorable so you're ok
Lately my creative juices been flowing.. Wow!
Today in Blues: Clara Smith recorded “He’s Mine, All Mine” and “Steel Drivin’ Sam” on Dec 16, 1924, in New York City for Columbia Records.
you're west bank bound?
y'all movement has no ceiling grab it while its peeling love to y'all entire team killin
I will look for you!
Kobe Kobe Kobe
Happy Siturday, enjoy the day! Brrrr It's a tad cold!
Always going forward:
Can anybody recommend a domain registrar besides godaddy? Tired of their constant sales pitches.
Waiting for this Laker game to start <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Laptop/Netbook and Table Carts - Buildings
Loaded and ready to take old service manuals to the store to sell. See all you need is a Tin Cup like me.
gettin loco with the cake
Saint Joseph Hospital has just installed Epic, the most advanced electronic health record in the nation!
#Oomf seen me tweet so they txtd me.... u ain't slick lol
Summer's almost here- 2.5 months from today school's out :)
I'll be sure to slap you next time I see you. xD
What's happening? Anyone have any cool dreams lately?
oh wow!!! lmao, have fun!! i wish i could haha :)
I think you should tie the cats to stuff & use a big whip. :-)
I figured they weren't but I thought I'd give you a hard time none the less. They played Battier WAY less this game, results!
What is the trending news crap in my Facebook feed? Is Facebook worried I am too wrapped up in Facebook to read the news?
Better than the two gorillas that host it.
Announcing Pattie Curry as #ILSHRM 's new Membership Director - I'll be getting her on twitter soon
Sleep. Why wont it come?
I better not still be sick this weekend
The free Mobile Transcript app allows lawyers to stay productive while on the go! The app's automatic billing timer logs your review time.
When my boyfriend calls me babe & boo >>
I think it's misguided. It speaks to a historical time, and it's not the author's intent. Devalues it both as lit and history.
theres only one winner and thats me.. sorry loser :)
We're digging your bow tie over here. What kind of theater are you into?
I never answer our house phone lol
& LTLline put in work today in the studio . Hit bangers forreal .
Don't you hate when people tweet you but don't tweet back after that so annoying
Ahahaha! Bring it.
Thanks for the follow You were one of my favorite Hoosiers to watch when I was growing up!
Looks like Kim and Kris should've gone to PreCana
hey hun, how was your birthday?
Golden Seeds named one of the top 5 angel groups based on number of deals in ACA Halo report!
Local singer-writer Barclay Martin will lead attendees through an audio-visual history of American folk music and #kc culture
I making a lot of people happy today and I don't know why!?! Plus I'm very hyper and exited for no reason at all! Ok calm myself Down now.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
OMG. I'm so happy for you!!!:D I'm sure they'll love it:D That's so awesome!!
Who tf smoke paper
tweet #freechiptixBLOOM chip the ripper
I'm very angry at #Days over decisions made last month. I stopped watching.
OUCH!!! And the glacier is going to grow in size... be careful tomorrow night! Thanks for the follow!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x4
love that you are happy with the little things in life!
Website will be up and running this week. Big announcements forthcoming.
Waking up late<<<
fair enough, I suppose...but Whitney was in it.
haha. That's cute! :D
Last days left for 40% off pureology!!
RBs Peterson Foster Jones-Drew Jackson Turner Rice Gore McFadeen Sproles Jackson McCoy Lynch Forte McGahee Kuhn Leach
just got thru working out in the gym bout to go to the crib sh** shower shave eat and then its off to this music thing
in NC, can you call for a recount between 2nd and 3rd place finishers if you're in a potential runoff situation?
its wat u get for poking me with a chopstick -_-
Wishing continued strength and recovery to the families of 9/11's fallen. My thoughts are with you.
Running Larry Sanders at Kaman for a minute and then swapping back in Ersan could have won the game.
lol RT : I Know Said Don't Ask Him For Beats & Shit.. But I'ma Ask For 1 Anyway
cute, smart, funny, and single ;-)
He plays in the most defensively oriented division and did so with NO offensive weapon besides Cribbs. Think Weeden'll do better?
Love it......so simple and effective!
I don't remember this kind of weather in San Antonio! Usually we go from Winter to Summer - I'm enjoying this lovely Spring weather. *swoon*
Thank you for sharing it with us! We'd love to know more about it—media, size, inspiration—anything you'd like to share!
:) awesome! Link will b out soon I'll post it! Thanks!
Ugly Latina on treadmill next to me is blasting "eye of the tiger" on her iPod speakers, bitch only thing Rocky on you is your complexion
Oh! Break legs
got love for you though.
Cleaned the house now my mom has no excuse to keep me hostage! Lmfao!
Decided to bike to Griffith Observatory, and stop here at Roosevelt golf course to see if I could break the record for sucking wind.
So fucking annoyed right now.
I just saw a guy with a hobo sign that said "Why lie, I need a beer."
It's good knowing tht there's part Latin in my blood no wonder y I could under stand wht there saying 50% of the time haha :)
Thanks babe
What a great way to remediate and tell people what competencies they need to acquire!!
If Campbell and McFadden and Ford and Moore and Johnson and Huff and Shaughnessy didn't get hurt #RAIDERS would be in the Superbowl
I will never go grocery shopping again.
Please god followw me! I love you! Hehee(:
Make sure not to wear blue today. Or tomorrow. Or ever.
« Wish there was a Terence Trent D'Arby's where I could eat a roast beef sandwich while listenin' to Wishing Well. #potthoughts»
Seven. That right, Just 7 days till Baku.
#S/o to my new follower c:
You won because you have the best physio in Canada
its amazing isn't it<3
Fixed! Thanks for the heads up.
My mom was recognized this evening as one of Minneapolis magazines volunteers of the year. Well deserved honor for an amazing person & mom!
Mega quote! "#jedward may have a large penthouse apt , but after 10.30 I have the whole bus station to myself " - Steve Brookstein
people without twitter are going to freak when he gets a standing O in the yum center. Lol
RT: "Ron Paul made an announcement but I missed it." #RonPaul will be concentrating on collecting delegates. He's in the race
Nathan Zegura () is hosting SUPERDRAFT in Vegas on August 26-28!! The man knows his football!
Flautist was like 50ft away and shout "you like the music...? Well give me a damn dolla damnit! Geez!" dude was playing Kenny G. Hahaha.
Getting my litle brother at thebus stop!! Text me someone
Kansas. Lost in the eight
replying so that either I remember to ask you about this sometime or you remember to tell me if I forget to ask
We don't tend to do water fountains in the UK these days. :-( /cc
I always take people who write in ALL CAPS more seriously.
Looking for a fabulous weekend gig at one of the hottest spots in town? Come apply at DISH for a hosting position. (214) 522 3474.
Great AM workout!! Which #workout did you all do today?
Screw #honorsclasses and
So happy #fearfactor is back on! People will do ANYthing for money, they should go crazier.
thanks for the money popz!!!
Yes! Would love to see stats & data abt
First Hamilton PTO fundraiser is off and running ! Staying positive.
u re home now?
Sr producer Soren Wheeler speaks @ #dcswa prof dev day
7:26am on a Saturday in New York City; Quiet, (relatively speaking of course), peaceful, and COLD.
Just realized the "get a ton of gre studying and hw done over beak" has not gone so according to plan. Oopsies
Hope ur not sleeping with this guy when u say he's just a friend, respect ur body more than that & just use ur vibrator.
Today is not my day! Smh
I'll give address to my buddy. If it's not fixed within a week, let me know.
I just saw a commercial supporting reducing LEGAL #immigration- that's a first.
keep your head up guys you both have bright futures! Keep reppin Christ Dustin!
Can we make it right for you? Not sure why you would have been denied...
oh wow love connection all up on my timeline lol
RT ": #34waysfoundation & needs to be trending ...... we are giving away free watches !!!!!
Didnt know that, really been missing some jokes - EW! : When the hell did cake become a euphemism for vagina?
you're sexy but I like TELL..VERY SEXY..extremely sexy..super sexy.but i love are fantastic
I agree Fear the deer!! RT : we're excited for the season...wish it would start now!
Me either! LOVE our scary movie nights! Love you bitch! :) xoxo
that's talent right there in its finest
Love that hat!
Just wondering if you were tempted to do the same cobra trick with your camera... ;)
Unfortunately no but my older brother Mike and parents will be going. Be sure to stop by the DQ booth and say hi!
So who's gonna fondle?!?
hahah glad I got to see you too :)
The NCAA Men's National Championship is tonight at 9pm! Stop in at any of our restaurants and enjoy Double Loyalty Points!
very frustrating,no? their website is also virtually impossible. all i want to do is talk to a LIVING person
Come in and wait out the storm in at 1334 N. Scottsdale Rd. SW corner of Scottsdale and McDowell Rds
thanks! I like celebrating the little things :)
We have Empanadas today! Chicken or Cheese. Soup of the day: New England Clam Chowder...see you for lunch.
#EmbarrassingTweet i cant listen to Vanessa Carlton "A Thousand Miles" without laughing and thinking of cc:
A Maps4Kids "did you know?": More than half of the coastline of the entire United States is in Alaska
I heard thunder rumbling in the distance... is #StormSeason2012 upon us?
you know a song's good when a video concept comes to you instantly. #thanksfornothing GO BUY IT, ALL OF YOU!
RT Dear crazy people, has writing letters to inanimate objects run its course yet? Seems silly. Get well soon... Chad
love this pic! So gratifying to see where it landed.
yea someone from school told me about you guy i go there too
The first time i read your tweet, it did not have a comma.
Thank you! The program/professors are incredible! my background is in PR so it has interesting to make the switch.
thank you!
get him outta there.
That is awesome!
Thank you for the #BigGirl last day of school Starbucks!
Rotary and HCA meeting this morning!
Another sunny day without a plan. welcome back, summer
It's one of those mornings where I'm already laughing at myself.
How does anyone, Dem or Rep, get thru life without an ID? I don't get it.
It's game time let's go flyers
Think pennys and you get pennys, think dollars and you get dollars- ray charles
i honestly dont work in that area but im sure if there is a will there is a way
fatigue is y they lost and may lose 2night. #Lakers only shot is to win all home games 2 push it to another game 7, agree?
Echoes of Silence . . I fucks w/ dat
What a wonderful day! Thanks to the Student Playwrights, Young Jean Lee, Publishing Panel, John Sayles and Dagoberto Gilb! See you tomorrow!
Omg loved the runaways and letters to juliet!!! Chris Egan is H-O-T CALIENTE!!!!!! What a hottie aussie!!
It's an upside trade for you if Vick stays healthy you made a winning play. If he gets hurt obviously so do your playoff chances
Overheard in livingroom. V-"i want Dora" c-"but Dora doesn't let you learn anything" priceless!
Sharon & I having dinner with Mario Batali this evening. Now where did I put my orange crocs?
We are thankful for all of you! Hope you have an amazing Thanksgiving! See you on black friday! :)
I've just set-up my new AT Fitness profile here on Twitter regards Abigail
it doesn't matter what time i go to bed i always wake up at the same time fml
I can dig it.
Watching Avatar & cuddling with the weim, Jax...insomnia could be much worse!
You Guys Are Gonna Love The
it is
Can I get a braud without NO flaws??!!! Come & meet me without NO draws!!!?? I need a bad one tooonnniiiggghhttt!!!!!
uhh who's?
": ": ": ": At the court house" Criminal lol"lol is not" R 2!"ugh shut up lol
BOOK OF LIZ opens THIS FRIDAY, Feb 20 @ 8pm at Belmont's Black Box Theatre!
My girlfriends amazing. Be jealous. :]
I think you just won Most Disturbing Tweet. Yuck.
Cuz Yu Got Her As A Friend On Fb Yu Gave Her Yi Number B4 .
impressed with unwavering interview of Zimmerman's brother tonight.
... with computers to register you. You MUST register through us. Otherwise you will not be able to play.
When the police officer is texting
yes ma'm, I start on Monday!!
Back to "Enter the Dragon" which would be even more awesome with a Christian Slater cameo.
Is DeJesus the #Brewers new Reed Johnson?
No warning
text me negro... we should plan world domination mayne...
were you scared.?(:
collisions at the fairview inn.
if only everyone had that attitude!
justin bieber calms me down.
8 hours till win time.
Follow me! :-D
"haha u blinked!" "of course I blinked you clapped your hands in my face...idiot."
Clearly really don't care y'all annoying me
Sex messages on. (;
They have no following because people don't tune into hate filled left wing diatribes.
They have had an awesome draft and free agent pick ups. They will be a force!
#TAM8 Michael Shermer talking about the believing brain
Chris & Al, let it go. That Patriots drive was underwhelming at best.
Leadership means leaving things, and people, better than you found them.
There would no doubt be "an app" for that! Just wonder how nostalgia changes going pen to text...
Cool dream! Happy Follow Friday!
Great to see Andy Pettitte back with the Yankees.
RT : Show me on the doll where your uncle used to hide the afikomen.
Nice! Let's do lunch soon.
LMAO hi I'm Ciara and everyone calls me cici
I heard the book was great.
I don't know what it is about the smell of turning your heater on in the winter, but it's comforting. Me jammies, lemon zest tea in the morn
If you had to make an estimate, how many times a day do you enter a login and password?
so pretty! <U+E304>
she crazzyyy. Don't she know he belongs to you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> awhh
And really though, the Beasties were listenable to EVERYONE.
#reallybadChristmasjokes. What is the best present in the world? A broken drum, you just can't beat it!
Happy Birthday to you, Mark!
for everyone who thinks i did something wrong...fact is its been over 3 years and they&#39;re still hooked all the right answers :-D
it's going to be a HOT summer!
My Motto: Live Free or Try Hard
Mr. Finny has a role in tonight's #greysanatomy ?! Where has he been since advising Cory?
what gets you in the zone?
Can wait to see you at the Pro-Am in Memphis!! I such a huge fan!
Just made PBJ for the first time in well over a decade. I hope I did it right.
Thank you, , for making happier than I ever will be able to.
If you think I'm hard on those that work under me. You should try meeting the expectations I put on myself !
Texas is the reason...I have VD
the decor on buffy is hilarious. i tried to use the widespread panic posters to draw my husband to watch. didn't work.
no need, the last time I flew BA they had the Daytona 500 on- the hawks will be on for sure
Make sure you register to vote in 2012...TeamObama...no matter what your party affiliation is!!
im the best deceased rapper ever dogg
Who's drinking for bill's birthday? Let's go!
What are the Best Boston Skateboard Companys?
most meaningful line you've incorporated into a song?
Waiting for the src to open
Lmfaooo !! I would laugh at you so hard!!!
How do you plan on mourning the death of Thomas Kinkade?
Playing Bad Touch at work. I dont give no fucks
congrats! just heard Mitchell Baker give you props.
Yo soy fiesta. Boom.
Dude on the flight across from me Adidas gear from head to ankles with Nike shoes..
6-11 junior Stephon Jovanovic, a foreign-exchange student from Serbia is coming on strong.
Yes please! What's your sched like next week? We should meet after work :)
Happy leap day twats!!!
I'm having a moment. I just saw my friend At #Austin. She read "How To Fight" from her blog And looked so beautiful!
PRO TIP: via "Biggest untapped market for economic growth? The healthcare market"
''Soy Belieber, ¿pero quién es Alfredo?'' Bitch, please, get back in your cage. e.e bitch e.e
These mother days commercials are making me sick.
awww, q linda!!! I know, I know, to quase aih! :)
Working on working.
feelings change - memories don't.
BBM faster than lighting !
Getting ready to interview Julianne Hough and her co-star Kenny Wormald at 12p about the remake of Footloose.
He isn't exactly having to get by on beanie-weenie's and ramen noodles in Athens these days...
We busy fighting over here, THEY getting money over there! # exploitation #BBW It's always about $$$.
Lucky it's 100 degrees here What is it there like 40
“: the whole floor can hear these girls laughin”black girls?
Done Made 18 Girl Im Legal U Can Harass Me
Dunno; here at Berkeley, the university's grad division is imposing time caps while the departments fight it, for that reason.
I moved to Alice with my dad. I'm sorry I didn't get to say goodbye
Someone needs to post a picture of Scottie Pippen wearing a baseball hat courtside. Anyone else see that?
Thanks Haley! <U+E328> love you!
Even so many years later, I still find it nearly impossible to listen to "Hey Ya" without clapping along. Clap clap clap.
no lol who's the girl you're talking about?
My toilet had trouble so instead of stopping or anything else it sprays upward and then completes its cycle ew omg it's all over me x_x
First dancers, now singers. What's next #steinhardt masters graduation?
Great endeavors start with a great pitch! #AZECTA via Paula Satow of
I feel u my nigg, 100%
Thank you:) Follow back?
What's a better way to celebrate baby bro's bday than ? I can't think of one....yum!!
why do you root for losers now???
D-Now this weekend!! some jolly good folks from Snowbird Wilderness Outfitters are here!! Be determined- Hebrews 10:39!!
Thanks! I'm glad these events exist for the future non-book-librarian types.
I really envy your IT guy, hope he knows how good he's got it!
yeah, anything that "kills" your abs probably isn't the best LOL I have tummy SAFE workouts :)
Happy to
But I'm Sure It Will pass .
So flirty! RT : My ex-boyfriend, from like 2 summers ago, is friends w/ Barney Franks body man.
Kinda seems like that's the sort of music you should be listening to if you're mapping the plumbing grid, no?
#greenbaypackers #americasgame #CHILLS! Can't wait for tomorrow!
My Momma Have Her Dumb Momentz..!
WHAT WHY AHHAHAH
When people realize their thoughts are creating their future, we can create a better future for all join us www.visionalignmentproject.com
After that I thought initially I'd been vandalized! And I kind of was...in a way. lol
Check out "The ramblings of an average joe stock trader" at amazon. com or on youtube.com
Also, let today mark the first time A's aunt spelled my name Helen instead of Hellen. Freaking finally.
Sale of punishment & discipline in the prison system perpetuates a criminal class of repeated offenders, should raise public safety concerns
Legally Blonde :)
My question to other indie filmmakers is how do you let go of the security of a 9-5 to pursue your dream full-time?
I roll with the best and nothing less!
Hungry By Nature!
- But wanted them to know that up front, if they were actually taking the time to read. If it was an autofollow - *shrug*
So happy with how the session went tonight! Thanks to all the engineers and the musicians for tearing it up tonight!
#yawn nice comeback. you stfu. you're a mess. why don't you stick to what you're good at: multiple sex partners.
So, I maybe, kinda-sorta own a shirt like the one Jerry is wearing tonight on Parks & Rec.
Welcome to our new board members Melisa Beauchesne, Carol Love and Kayleigh Nutting!
Ohman. Things just got intense.
Looks like I'll be seeing Crimson alone then!
Yay...Good luck!!!
RT : What a beautiful AM here in Seattle. The sun just makes everything better. #happythursday. |yes!
S/O to C/O of 2012 on graduating today
Ugh I need to meet a guy like ASAP :p
can't be there, but I'll smoke some in solidarity
yes ! Mario Gomez did :)
putting on a great show of how to transform from schooling to learning... should be very proud.
hate you too..and wth I don't knoe you I'm blocking you now bye.
just trying to keep up with you and
"when it #rains, it pours". Good morning #Vegas! Ahh...it's great snuggle weather...
Congratulations! Good for you.
“: Backroads... take the backroads!” Would have been a smart move!
Looking for any triathletes (veteran or aspiring) in Madison who'd be interested in sharing their story for an article. DM me!
Tapatio is the best hot sauce ever made
Today success came in the form of Hundred Dollar Bills
it's shit like that why people hate America
DMV targets drivers who "borrow" disabled placards from family members. Citations and fines issued today throughout San Diego
another weekend that just flew by---finally nice weather in WI in Nov and i could not enjoy it being sick :(
Time to throw together a slacking hair do:)
Watch me work hmmp
Great show in new jersey! Great show in rhode island! Both worth the long drives!! #great weekend lol
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.- Jonathan Kozel
hell ya !
Wireless networks available at DC Court House include: "GoPhillies", "killerbees", and "whiskey". Think jury duty's gonna be okay.
you're so wonderful..
Hi JetBlue- thanks for stranding me in Boston on my way to Pittsburgh! You suck ass and fuck you jetblue-just sayin.
gosh I look sexy back in my high school days, Class of 2006!
Tony Meola in 1996 stops that no problem!
"...I just got burgers"
fabulous! and cute suit.
I'm in a meeting do you just wanna split it?
Why must I care so much?
My copy of SHOW ME A STORY: WHY PICTURE BOOKS MATTER came today. I LOVE the way this book looks and feels and in my hands. Book love!
We outhit a team 6-3 and still lose 7 1 Nothing's going our way right now.. Gotta find a way though. Not giving up
Easter: Technology transfer and adaption is a major challenge.
We are doing an awesome variation on it here in Austin, Tx when are you gonna come down here and give us your opinion?
My goal tomorrow: Try to get members of 1D, Robert Villanueva, Kingsley, and others to follow me! :D
Countdown to #FreeBandsFriday not that far
I did the self checkout so I could take my sweet time emptying out my coin purse LOL
Why is losing weight soo impossible? <U+E058>
#throwbacks -(lose control-silky) that's that ish!
This is an invitation from doy
Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.
getting my plane ticket now...
See you tweets Friday UNC will face Ohio on Friday, March 23rd at 7:47 pm ET on TBS, UNC Fans be there, Janell J. Lewis JanellJay will (:
My Name is Antoine. I will be a new transfer student at Morehouse in the fall. Can you show me the ropes around school lmao lol
o i know what this is u wanna know y i names her that dont u???
what's good fam
Student - "How many reps?" Trainer - "100" Student - "100!?!?!?" Trainer - "Yeah. But it's only one round."
Costa is the man!
Roxanne (my Honda) clearly doesn't understand that I just funded a trip to Belize & therefore cannot afford a new car battery.
Yeah, he actually was doing good at that towards the end. So maybe that every now and then.
Want to work your craft? Open Mic EVERY Thursday, no excuses especially for artist who complain about not having stage time.
ok, the only problem I have with #dancemomsmiami at the outset is they wear buns at their hairlines
no it has sp in it.. As in spoon
Great to see you! Glad we rocked it for you! Come cook with us soon : finally have a night off to experience
BREWERS OPENING WEEKEND! Stop in for some drinks before headed to the game on our complimentary SHUTTLE BUS(1 Drink Min)...
Know of any fashion weeks/shows or LA area fashion-related events in March, DM us! We'll add it to our fashion week and event calendar.
S'ok. Sometimes I accidentally miss people. :3
yes :( <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> come in here with me. I can't sleep
Night folks....siglers out
I swear I'm nothing wit out my friends!<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E32D><U+E022><U+E328>
“: The Brown Hand Center commercials make me nauseous.” ... At least it's not "Daddy's Baby Girl" anymore!!!
Finding all these old pics
it's horrible but all I can think of is the old snl skit with Fallon (I think) where he keeps saying simma down now
Good night...
also, what is your take on pinning a post verse highlighting? have you experimented with both? if so, any advantages either way?
Jesus RT : Veteran free agent quarterback Matt Leinart has signed with the Oakland Raiders.
Cars of today will one day be viewed as how we view the Fiat model in India. Hah!
hey bf finally got a twitter lol
That sounds like it's going to be great. Zuckerberg has said that the iPad is a computer, not a mobile device. What do you think?
Love you guys!!! Cher bear, love you girl ;)
Once again, great job to Steve Hale and his staff. Another fantastic week at the !
Stoked! Should see our first rev out of India at month-end. Going to be Mr. Toad's Wild Ride from there out...
I really want to go!!
chilling with my boy in the library yeah boy
I wanna be on a beach next week. But instead I'll be at Merry Magnolia. Yay.
My blog is via wordpress but my website is just from a designer. :)
Kit Kats Are Nasty
let's do it!
what's Gila mean!?!?
I do know who is signing autographs at the Panthers draft party though. That's...interesting I guess.
Exactly how do they think they are going to control this anyways? fine anyone who hurts someone else? Bad story:))
Best coast >>>
My appreciation of what and did for 60hrs grows every second now...
#Vikings and #Rams are doing well in this draft to secure future picks. Other teams like the Browns and Jaguars are not.
Quote for the day: I love cooking with wine. Sometimes I even put it in the food.
proceeds from our event go to Oregon Active, Fossil High School and Young Life
thanks for the #FF!
I'm fascinated by Lena Dunham (HBO's Girls, Tiny Furniture). Is she the real thing or just flavor of the month?
Had a great weekend. Time to start my spring break assignments. :-)
I'm a human being sir you like watching guys fuck horses
YEAH i love all 5 of 1D TOO! :D
Out of ISD,not going back anytime soon.
Going to see Tutankhamun exhibit at #MFAH! The little girl inside of me whose first career goal was archaeologist, Egyptologist, is dying.
Been there! RT : RT : Love/hate relationship with friends' study abroad pictures
O yes, is majorly awesome. a necessary stop for next time you're in my city
Let's try that again: icky feeling tummy. Don’t want stomach bug. Gotta love the auto-fill.
You always know how to ruin my night <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I can play a mean bass chord.
I hate for some one to think they got you
Pumpkin spice and everything nice today at Cake Fetish. Stop by for some dessert!
It's my birthday!! Omg I'm 25!! Ha
Surprising the boy with dinner and dessert
Breakfast time :)
This youth group I go to every Friday is really changing my personality.Learn alot & realized what's around me.I consider anyone to come.
At MWA University and the classes rock. Soulfood 4 the mystery writers mind.
Just reread #DayofEmpire by Even years later it still resonates.
early for ma appt..
Apple Details Q3 Earnings, Has Best Quarter Ever
Thanks hun, you have a good day also. :)
I can never please anyone.
I must have gotten out of there in the NICK OF TIME.
Have transcended fear of inheriting craziness.
congrats and way to go on completion of EM830. Paper done, grant almost. Enjoy well deserved time off!
need to start stocking that regularly, methinks. Been a while sine I had? Anything you keep in stock at ALL times?
all day I promise to be better
Costa Rica?! I'm jealous! New retirement location possibility?
Some major brands of
ahh go to part 25 im so anxious to know this is so good!!!
I agree with Ali. You're ripping my heart out.
RT : Which cancer charity do U value the most for all the work they do "in the fight"? Give them a #ShoutOUt!
Lots of touching #MCA tribute tweets. Curious: what do you think your tribute tweets would say?
Every time a customer says, "Your job is great. You get to taste wines all the time," I almost correct them, but realize my life is awesome.
OK! :D thanks Josh!(:
"You can get sick, 'cause YOLO." -my mother.
On ACK, raining, windy, chilly, good day to turn the heat up and work...after radio interviews this a.m.
ICONic Boyz please please please please PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!!<3
"Are you a Mahomie?" Er, please look at my background, icon, username and most of my tweets. What do you think? :D
Theon has gone nuts.
Thank you for liking this page
Rough game, time to relax and get some work done.
do you like nutella
Well thank you! You should just try them out and see if you like them or not :)
Then go shut it up. My chocolate gave me a headache. I may need to throw it out
Good to know your process, but good to know when to break away from it as well
Head over to our salon for some shopping & services!
#ChuckBrown I feel like bustin loose. U will be missed...but remembered!!!
Watching American Idol and La Doble de Selena on Telefutura! Hey, just saw my boss on that show!
Snored all through the night...woke up with no gas...weird...Blodwyn...
I don't know all the issues involved but I do know the first steps to figuring them out :)
@ Allstate Kudos for taking a stand for all women!
Intelligent radio for grown-ups tonight at 7PM Eastern. What's on your mind tonight #Indianapolis? Send your ideas:
I can't stand this city full of hypebeast & followers last week everybody was a boxing fan notice how now everyone is a meek mill fan
Finishing up new web site + print sites(s) with + press packet with for early next release. & planning June's show.
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) -- Fmr Sen. Bob Kerrey reversed course and says he'll seek the Democratic nomination for the Nebraska seat he once held.
i Followed:)
lol very true, because all they use now are smartphone messagers, twitter, facebook and skype.
Thanks for the follow Christopher
. Will you be installing #solar systems to power your new hydroponic greenhouses in Yardley, PA & Brooklyn, NY?
what're u doing in Los banos?
Today its less ingredients and more flavor! Apple, Strawberry,KALE, Flaxseed,orange and celery VERY yummy! Add 1/2c water, Blend and drink!
i carry coffee on my truck!
I have no idea what a proton is
There needs to be a Christmas album.
THiS GIRL WAS CaLLING ME FAT and i was like suck my fat off bitch since ur all up on it! And I'm not even fat for her info I just got body!
Question: Where do you work?! RT
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
agreed! #LetsGoDodgers *\o/* RT Great start to the season!! Awesome to watch!! Go Dodgers!! :-)
any time bro.
My mom said "if you dont let me paint your nails you cant go tomorrow!" So I hopped over my couch&my leg was asleep so I hopped on 1 leg.
": The Mexicans blasting they music...."u got a voxer luv
Subway is the only place on Earth where you can force a woman to make you a sandwich and she can't tell you off.
obsessed with youu!!! How's orientation??
aww well I hope he goes on your again soon!
Here goes Suzie's big mouth again
It truly is an amazing story
But Annie Proulx will be at Luminato in Toronto, June 10, for an onstage interview with Deborah Treisman.
yo when will u be there.
Loud for the Ax
ok what ever that means!")
Hear* i'm pissed, leave me alone.
Happy Wednesday!
Is it me, or is this season of The Game,,,,WACK?
Bitch i'm going in
Rest-roughing becomes easier with ZW3D&#39;s ... - Web Designs Online
Giving thanks to our Creator for honoring our gifted talents bestowed upon our jeweled crowns of universal destiny saluting Ori. © dmp
Was in Austin,TX this morning and was amazed by the smoke down town from the wild fires.Looked like morning mist. God bless those involved.
Marketing has to be innovative and work harder these days without losing its cool. It's the cure for the freak out flu!
That actually is kind of funny...
We love Gatsbys American Dream. You should too. -Zach.
Congrats on the Gold medal too!
$41,674 = Average annual income for an American in 2010. 44% of Americans earn $50,000 or more a year.
Funny thing is...I am drinking coffee, and I haven't closed a thing today.
Eek must sleep. Night night. Enjoyed the chat. Fingers first typed, "Enjoyed the cat." Ha.
Has wiped the grin off his face yet from last night upon hearing of The Rock's big win at #wrestlemania ?
please live up to it.
Team Swigged! checking in from Gator country. Where's Flo Rida?!
Interested in the American Dream Scholarship? Join us at our Virtual Open House on 5/11/11 from 10am-8pm. Register at www.mdc.edu/openhouse
i was JUST thinking - this isn't going to help in the 5th slam arguement
I like Jon Stewart. You are funny.
Heading to downtown Indy with family and friends for dinner and fireworks...hope the weather clears up!
Everyone should know first aid and CPR so I'm here waiting on class to start :)
Stay safe England.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool why is my teacher only starring at me when she talks?
I want to go 90s dancing. Why don't they have that?
Good Morning Twitter World. Hope everyone has a good day!
Oh no!! Did you play hockey last night??
I mean, usually New York.
when is it gonna be my turn to be followed by you <3
Good morning yall
Take note, gentlemen... Haha RT ": Have I mentioned how much it annoys me when people have a penis as their avatar"
Are you badly burnt after this weekend?
BOGO at Victoria's Secret might be sexy! RT You know you're a hardcore marketer when...Nothing sexy about coupons.
Little Trivia: The French Quarter or Vieux Carre (Old Square) was laid out as a grid in 1721 and is an area 6 blocks by 13 blocks.
A Rod. The rally killer.
Just woke up listening to Lana Del Rey that shit was the scariest thing ever I thought I was dying.
I don't feel so hot
Sitting in Texas Road House... #Grindin #Grateful #HappyMothersDay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Anybody out there deal with a lot of translation for ERP software end user documentation?
Oh dear. I just noticed. I need to scoot out!
do they follow back?
I'm totally gonna check that our this week. I saw it on Amazon Prime instant. Best place to watch?
Ugh. I dislike studying for the ap exam.
Since U r 1 of the Republicans that & Libs love PLEASE do America a favor: Just relax take a vacation 4 few mo.
RT : Maria Thomas Fisher's Blog for the upcoming RocCity Rising promoting Community Health & Wellness
props to my mom for having such a dope child. "and even tho i act crazy, i gotta thank the lord that you made me." =) happy mothers day. <3
your bitly link didn't work
We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves.-Dalai Lama
Rick Siskey – Make sure to keep the main thing, the main thing.
Free Scott Oldner Band version of Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer on www.solighting.net - Happy Holidays!
Thanks friend followed please follow me good night
Give employees $1 and make them feel like they got $1.10.
RT : I am always mentally photographing everything as practice. - Minor White
Not until experience this infinite jizz in a capsule #AmIdown?
can't we all just have like one guy and love each other forever an ever an ever an like never seperate. No? Oh okay..
YUm is right! Maybe delicious!
can u follow me please
You're welcome and thank you!
The Buzz - Hutchinson News
#theatresansserif just joined
. Make sure to vote Republican TODAY and restore Virginia's Senate to conservative, founding values
Turnbull restores antique firearms-but they need their technology up-to-date! We just finished a server installation/upgrade for them.
BWAAAHHH Kimmel said Salaam to the President.... to funny tonight.
Heading to Cali soon!! Details? Anyone? Bueller?
RT : #Innovation is how you think, but #entrepreneurship is how you act. - Mark
thanks... Same to u... Hve a good day
Where have these badgers been all season!! #fastpaceoffense??
its ok im not mad at all.
oka! I will get on today
btw loving the new icon! :)
Wireless Mighty Mouse not so mighty when the batteries die.
Well we won 21 - 3 :) Also I learned that my shorts are too short and that my legs are NOT sexy :(
WHY DO PEOPLE MAKE FAKE FACEBOOKS. DO YOU NOT HAVE ANY LIVES OR WHAT
context menu 3:30 PM 9,304 Right Click Tweaker Adds Move To, Encrypt, and Lots of Other Useful Features to Windows’ Right-Click Menu
Do you mean your museum blog is too PR-y? Be the change!!
It's asdhhklgswdjivivxfssjlljvv baravwa... there's no need to yell haha! Oh gosh I'm so bored... can you tell? haha! :P
You rule. Cannot actual believe what I'm reading over there.
Im a terrible Twitter communicator No help is needed, but if u wld like to come, me for tkts.
love you both!
come here and I'll reconnect you
y do u always notice the same people .........
STOP SPAMMING ME.
OMG THE FREAKING JONAS BROTHERS ARENT EVEN A BAND ANYMORE SO THEIR IRRELEVANT FANBASE NEEDS TO SIT THE FUCK DOWN
ur telling me! I'm a pediatric allergist + mother of 4, three w FA. We all eat safe food at home! So ur products #musthaves!
yeah. I guess you can say im a badass. But not really, not until im deployed.
The truth will set you free. But first it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
i LOVED it.!!<3 You've come soo far Austin, all your Mahomies are so proud of you.!!:)
First world problems has been a popular trending topic. In that vain, can someone please help me find a pretty haircut???
Between 2000 and 2011, Hispanics accounted for more than half of the US population increase.
I miss
Happy National Bike Month!
so .. twitter raped .. yea
I think I might not do a damn thing today
Dead man walking.
agree completely, needs to happen, pretty clear government is more than a tad behind :)
how's this weekend ? I know we just saw each other a few days ago but I miss you girls already !
If you are free and not dead, we have industry night tom for #RABBITS. Drinks at 730, Show at 8. $10. CARpool?
hey gary busey, i miss art:/
Did you go to the galleria and not come back? :-)
Just heard tat2'd Up, damn go hard or go home! Good magazine, love that jam!
Ok doe lmao
get on dude
~ticket prices are outrageous for all the artists that come to portland. hears it was conversion charges along w/ ticket prices
What story do you want to tell?
Now Youre Just Somebody That I Used To Know
Falling stars *.*
Check DM! RT : phones broke bro
Apparently! A phone call to confirm all was good w my order? Wow. Impressed
#becauseofBYE i had the best night of my life.
I love b.o.b. His new song & the verses on psycho are so slick
I Publicize #BeachFossils Covering
#10FacebookTips if i'm not in the picture then don't tag me.
i own your soul....bigtime
just fyi class is optional today if traffic is terrible!
Are you on twitter? Follow me at
yes. That annoys me as well! Website owners can actually turn off auto-correction and auto-capitalization in their HTML but few do
Seems #Obama now has a hostage crisis of his own. Will we see his inner Jimmy Carter?
Call me redundant, call me habitually compulsive-- because I, yet again, recommend on
That and blowing a two goal lead at home to Everton late in the season!
New company,great products,financial freedom- Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com M M good and delivered to your door! Get Healthy!!
Your hair is long and pretty
Oops, there was an extraneous "I" in my last post. I don't smoke.
if its one thing my mom taught me. Never play "at home barber" - she was very right!
OOps.. We meant...Score is now 4-1 Dennison. LC plagued by turnovers. Let's get rockin', Big Team!
Stand on top of the nearest furniture. Put your arms up, jump in the air and give yourself a high five.
Mane these folks crazy over here .... Forreal! But like iTold my yung nigha im done tryin wit old boy. If he dont see iWant him now
Had to bend my neck weird the whole time. I think that was part of it. Weird ears ringing. Kept myself psyched to fiinish
I WANT A GRILLED CHEESE!
*hugs* back
Hey, I'll take it!
Nope, the actual draft is behind. Teams are drafting and trading way ahead of them.
is my inspiration in following my dreams and being a successful entrepreneur. xoxo
Music = Life, Life W/O Music= Death
For green gift givers, Planet Kitchen Table is the perfect ebook cookbook for food lovers.
Live and learn.
- I have a niece named Brooklyn as well :) random.
Making french dips tonight for #mondayfunday they're gonna be delicious!
What are the cognitive capabilities of the two species?
Home again home again:)
-- He Stronger , Better Inside Scorer To The Rack All That , CP Got Better Handles & A Shot
I want mcdonalds breakfast so bad.
I don't tolerate my friends being cheated on.
Romance is alive and well. 60 yr old widowed taxi driver just poured his heart out to me about the new woman in his life
stop-motion twitter
Have the tequila on ice ready! RT oh no, , I missed 's bday too! A toast to him at tonight's
Thanks for the RTs!
read my book... Oh wait, I have no book... Haha! You doing Interop this year?
Been good. Working alot and the Insanity workout. I've been exhausted. You staying out of trouble?
To the bulldagger whores I disappoint with my jokes please understand I have alot in common wit ya. Our breath smells the same
Hmm... Let me know if I can help back your convincing hat.
Miles - please send that cocktail picture to "". Also, I'm going to be out of town tomorrow.
Official Twitter welcome to our Mgr of Recruitment, Lauren Tobin! We now also help firms place support services, office mgmt & lit support
Remember you're beautiful but not everyone is gonna be able to see that...
is it Saturday yet? ;)
Haha. I think it usually means BYOFood. But I'm not sure about this one.
So what if it hurts me? so what if I break down?
are you guys back yet.??
Battle of the Best: Friday, Dec 3, 2010. Tennessee State University Nashville, TN - www.battleofthebest.net (Oak Hill Academy - Melrose HS)
Excited about the 4th wknd. Paddle surfing in Malibu, then speaking to the attendees of iPOP in Century City. Gotta keep parents informed!
Hi Ms.Tamara. My name is Michale Fountain. I'm a huge OMG fan and I have an important question. Please tweet back. -thanxx
Training #StjohnVianneySchool faculty & staff on #Wordpress this afternoon in advance of new website launch. Great energy at SJV this year.
Responsive #design working session with and
Don't try to make drastic weight changes in season, it can affect performance.
chupzzz u could do the same !
you sir have some real HANGERS!! Thanks to you and the EPIC team for making gaming greater than it already is!
Loving this weather!!! Sundress it is!!! :D
It's a mistake to view a verbalized passion for life as bossiness.
You're welcome!
Mondays are the worst.
"It's like I just found out you are a completely different person #justinbieberhater " and I are disgusted. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Aurora borealis reminds me of that movie with Dennis Quad, Frequency. Good movie.
San Antonio: Much Love for Valentine's Day, P/cloudy high 74. Tomorrow chance for T-storms... Today: AM Fog, then p/cloudy. high 74.
Easy not to know your idol instantly.
Gotta put more into my future and not my past.
when Scoble likes your FB post
and by invited i mean uninvited
Just like their A+ offseason signings last year.... RT : #eagles are just destroying this draft... A+++++
I am getting an macbook pro in a couple weeks as well.
Q1) a meaningful diagram is much better than bullets and pics of pretty people in biz attire smiling for no apparent reason
Hey! Do you guys happen to have an email address that we could contact you at? We'd like to discuss a sponsorship opportunity.
When will your Des Plaines location open? Where will it be?
not really going to bed lol still up writing music and its great but My eyes feel like they are trying to shut but no sleep you know.
the dinosaur noise that's made when you have that first morning stretch >
Don't waste printing, paper, labor, and postage fees. Get that dirty mail cleaned! Call us today to learn more: 505-899-3104.
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included. ~ Bernard Manning
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away? Lord Chesterfield
What a huge momentum boost for the #Bruins late in the 2nd period. Crowd in Boston will come alive now
wonder wt happen to you. Good parents and somehow you still ended up......
Anyone know where to send a fax in Bay View? For
Love hearing perform while we're rehearsing!
what dear?
SUPER-LONG WEEKEND AHEAD! RT Oz Smiths, why not take a four-day break around #AustraliaDay, as it falls on Thursday 26 Jan?
: I needed your positive vibes thanks for the + tweet. :3>You're more than welcome!! Just spreadin the love!!;-)
At the Willard with the boys..
Bell Biv DeVoe or BBD was one of my all time fav cds iHigh School ann College. 2 bad we dont make fun music anymore. tired of fronting music
Thanks for the kind mention, Rachel!
The only thing I wrote down in Trial Advocacy tonight is that an "argumentative" objection means "too much mustard on the hot dog."
I hit refresh on my work email more than a teenage girl checks her text messages.
great. Just checking up on ya little rachett self lol
This knee problem needs to stop! I want to sleep already!!!
Just noticed there are no shadows yet at Miller Park. A little perplexed by this.
could be but there have been other causality link studies that seems credible.....
Just saw "The Table Scene" at - fun!
EW! What'd they say?
Walk in and I Turn ^
Nice meeting you last night at the Chicago CIOsynergy event. A fine presentation from you as well.
haha, not that I heard. He seemed a little alarmed at how pushy Parisians can be - VERY understandable.
This food is so GOOODD! C:
Just a shot in the dark that you just might be the one I've been waiting for my whole life. So baby I'm alright with just a kiss goodnight<3
That's wats up!! You Hear They out Waitn on the K West
Nothing beats a glass of iced water.
*at this local sub shop* / Clerk: Bread? / *points to several different kinds* / Buddy: Mhmm, yes please.
I'll come! Wait when's may long?
Reviewing : this is THE analytical tool for all of you aspiring ecommerce marketers.
Glee was amazing, now time for The Hunger Games! :)
what happened?
You're getting the full Minnesota experience: tornadoes one day, snow the next! Sad it's your last day, maybe you'll be snowed in.
I absolutely can not fall asleep if my feet are covered.
Damn. What's with all the RTs from you in my feed?
Wednesday, 19 is my birthday, I hope a happy birthday on your part
Death to CISPA!
WXII 12 is so freaking biased! TELL THEM WHAT ELSE THE DANG AMENDMENT DOES!
Business before pleasure
“: On my way to Paula's funeral service<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>” haha we got this!
I wish I had yr Job!!
Damn I want a KitKat...
When I tell Lelia to get out of my iMessages, I really want her out of them...
i didnt get much from that? What did he say
Watching Kill Bill vol.1
you should listen to !
Seriously buses? I have been waiting 15 minutes for you and you are still not here. Screw you.
follow me! :D
Prefacing this by saying I'm lottery-dumb. But wouldn't you be smarter to play the $250 million lotto when there aren't 175 million others?
Bloody hell, everyone's done with finals except me.
Recipes are guidlines. Not with baking though
Mountain Dew, Funyuns, and contact solution, because DIABLO I
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
If my life were a movie, I'd rewind and play back all the good parts
Is this a "mobile" shopping device or just a "sit on the couch while watching hipster AMC or HBO drama" shopping device?
If you need a new one make sure you check out Cuba Lily ... we stock the full range and are cheaper than most!...
So stuffed
thanks for the S/O :)
so my AI chapter is about to come to a sudden close real soon
In the end, everything will be alright... And if it's not alright, then it's not the end.
I'm bored -__________-
Congrats to my girl for all her recent successes!!
the one over the o :)
what kind?
work is fab my sweets!! I <3 it here!! Saving lives baby!! =) hope ur having a fab weekend as well!! =)
whatever you say Jeffy
Check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare or Facebook phone apps and get 1 FREE dessert per table with purchase of entree!
a butterfly just landed on my nose<3
Happy mothers day to all the awesome moms out there!
“For every dark night, there's a brighter day”- Tupac Shakur
I'm expecting it to retrace now before it continues it's upward march to about 1.3629
I feel like I could total a Smart car by riding a Big Wheel into it
Awesome drive so far, it's like every radio station talked and agreed to play all my guilty pleasure songs back to back
Grotto tonight. Bring your dancing shoes........
I love being number 36 for an audition, I've almost always been number 150 or higher.
RT : Local designers create a purse of their dreams. See the results at The Power of the Purse tonight at :...
Congrats on being in top 5. Can't argue with RGIII, he played like Superman
Made the wickedest draw string 100%Linen pants.......get at me y'll summer licks 24hrs -48hrs bet..blessings G.money
Good day Twitter
Obviously.. RT : I'm obsessed with hair & make up products. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Gregor the Overlander by Suzanne Collins: Ah, rats!
Finally through Gubar's (lengthy, though informative) intro to Woolf. Next up, "A Room of One's Own". :)
Don't be ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ! Don't act ashame!
Getting after it today... "Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself."- Theodore T. Hunger
Oh, you can tell this is a ritzy restaurant by all the people who tucked their plaid shirts into their jeans!
Figured it out - a controlled fire in the Headlands.
where are you getting this LCD info?
Optimistically thinks reform will take five to ten years. Gyourko of Wharon
So Facebook just bought Instagram. Well, there goes that...
1 week, I'm going back Sunday unfortunately
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. –T.S. Elliot
RT : To "do something" alwys matters All real chnge began tiny. As oftn reminds me "If it's not hard ur not doin it right"
Somebody awesome out there want to buy me a fresh M Audio keyboard?
I RLY LOVE YOUR ALBUM UNDER THE MISTLETOE IVE LISTENED TO IT LIKE 20 TIMES ALREADY AND I JUST GOT IT LAST WEEK PLZ FOLLOW ME<3
Thx for the shout out & including me! : Happy cinco de mayo!
i found you:)
it was MY pleasure!
Had to skype my man in on that win
Not at all. I think that's interesting. Um.. and well organized! lol
Hooray! RT Getting very close to the release date now! #AMansStory officially Premiere's on the 9th March!
At least you know it will still fit! End-of-semester stress-eating FTW.
“: real leadership is all about influence, and influence can only be achieved by listening.” and serving too.
ODOR is ODOT; Ohio Department of Transportation is facing a deficit & is delaying completion of bridge project, affecting Tremont residents.
3rd: Efficiency^2 by - easily access energy specs on appliances (frm SKUs) to make E audits more efficient
the dunk contest has been lame for 20 years now. MJ and Nique created a rivalry from it. it was also a new "gimmick" then.
yeah I'm good now and thanks I have a lot of work to do
I saw some of the new music video. It's gonna be good. Real good.
cool man - great thing you're doing with your website - congrats!
in need of a drink or two tonight
Haha, thanks again for being on with last month. Please stay in touch.
writing a test oh okay alrighty i will just talk to u tomorrow. Ciao.
Just came back from the Christ burial ceremony at the church. Nice thing to do as a family.
im boy belieber too... soo happy to find other boys beliebers
u just tweeted ur self and text me i think i told u during school
Gorgeous Wednesday, gang! How 'bout sidling on over to the ol' patio for a hot slice and cold drink ?
My girlfriend makes me eat vitamins.
Order sent to Nichole in IN!
I hate people who don't like me.
Oh damn. I look cute when I get out of the shower.
Morning run to clear my head.
if you have a spare diaspora invite, i wouldn't mind getting one!
Gosh I need to check my Facebook. Hm reading up on Twitter would be nice too. Oh well maybe tomorrow... (It's been over two weeks.)
I think "locking down" is overused and overrated. Take what you need from your home area, yes.
The other ones that flow naturally into it are Capt. America and Thor. The Incredible Hulk is connected as well
Damn. I'm not even in the Phil Fan Club, but that was nice.
does this problem extend to other countries - Brazil: yes, still have boxes, based on jobs that exist
Happy Mothers Day!!!!! Especially to the single moms who do double the work
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 13
Hey Scotty! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
#GirlTalkTopic ...don't hesitate to ask for fashion advice ladies <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
I wAnt french fries
We hear their is snow in Clackamas and Marion counties. Send us those pics or video's.
gonna get all cutsie for work so the boys wanna do me
Your background might just have to be the one thing that made my day;D
make me mac n cheese? I've been craving the one we had the other night all freakin day.
Some people sub-tweet about you because they are too afraid to say it to your face. And when they see you they try to avoid you lmaoooo
I'm sure that Red Zone Rip It's are just red Faygo
Watching on the view!!!! :D
Good night all peops
Sometimes listening to old songs is like opening old wounds. With every word, you just bleed a little more.
City will manage parking garage and have final decision if parking is free. Mata will run thru #OvertonSquare to service midtown residents
It is a great time to be alive. Let's take God's love to this world!
Kachow! Ticket for secured for ! Vacation-day trigger finger is ON.
Had parent teachers conference that seemed to go well parents talked 2 my teacher I have been studying it now since I got home
you are not! are you lie tellin'?! ;-p
#StopKony video is moving and very well done. wow.
aw i'm sorry :( poop
Ok. Feeling much better now. I can unpause Twitter. Thanks for waiting!!
out* I'm so excited still just to see her on stage, I can't wait any longer but it's like 3 months away!! Lol
Is there an app for egg hunting SLASH find the matzoh? There should be. Augmented reality matzohs popping up all over?
“: Hope Jacqui wins prom queen & not some "other" bc that sh*t was OC ridiculous last year! lbvs”
Thanks! Given your tweet we think you'll be interested to hear about the news we release tomorrow :)
So glad I didn't try to go back to the office right away.
well that would be a problem...
Don't you just love it when Word loses the entire document you've spent a hour working on!?
what is your specialty?
#IfOnlyICould Un-Fuck & Un-Love Some People .
So sleepy, time for a nap. It's about time I actually slept instead of relying on pots and pots of coffee.
You rock lady! Thanks for the RT.
Good to hear ate lunch at today. Now how about a side of Congressional representation with that sandwich?
Join me on free teleseminar 8/19/10, 8pmEDT,"Do I Really Need to Lose Weight?\details@ www.loseweightladies.com
Isn’t it appropriate that the month of the tax begins with April Fool’s Day and ends with cries of “May Day!"? ~ Unknown
It's so calming ^.^
I don't believe that by hosting the Super Bowl, we lost over a million dollars
Finally finding time for food, it's been a LONG day.
Russians Are the World’s Most Hazardous Drinkers
We buy my dog a tug of war toy. Drops it if we grab it while it's in his mouth and barks but chases it when we decide to throw it.
Them damn Lakers, but they are tired. I give them that
when is your graduation?
I know, I can't wait till we both have are permits this summer <3
Dear people of the tsa security line...if ur bag was designed to be used at farmers markets please leave it at home
Thanks Danny, #lamb Yours is the best!
Drinking the last beer. And by the last beer, I mean MY last beer.
Pretty is the rose Superfluous is the grass Forgotten is dirt
Cant stop thankin about her!!
Thanks for hosting a great event RT : Thanks for coming and supporting the #BellevueMingle! RT
hahaha yes his bowtiess! love them :D
Today is #FollowFriday! Encourage your friends to follow Mashup by retweeting or favoriting this tweet! Thanks loyal fans!
Great to see folks from & Such smart news people and good colleagues trying things worth watching.
“: the basic black I can deal with, you however are still a clown” A badge I wear with honor. Boredom is a crime.
love that place!
when u serve educational needs, the audience will tell you what else they need
Enjoyed learning from Tony Bridwell tonight on the topic "Accountability is the Answer"!
you seem like a cool person... it's ok. #CUDLIFEORNOLIFE :D
thats awesome. west hills is cool
One of my colleagues here has a full-blown mullet.
Thanks for following I'm glad to know about you and your work! And I love the word croquis!
Lee Ritenour Extends Deadline To May 10 To Enter 6 String Theory Global Music Competition
Good to see the play this kind of baseball. Up 4-0 vs #Cards I do realize as a #Cubs fan that tweeting this w/ 3+ innings is risky.
or an ant. Ants like rules.
Predicted 78 degree high in Chicagoland today! I can feel my daffodils blooming as I type. TMI?
Your crassness cloaked with intellect always brightens my day. Thanks.
RT : I know the Brewers are the darlings of sports and that's fine but screw the bandwagon jumpers. We drew 3 mil b/f...
Ugh, GAWD, I hate LBRs who think they can start shit with me. Dah-ling, you're in for a rude awakening.
You get me tickets to the pacer game and ill watch that and you can watch the iu game. then ill tell you all about the pacers
mm hm
Let that shit burn
The Little Engine That Said Fuck It..
Got tha league tonight
Today's going by so slow!! But I'm on my
Planning to read more of HAVEN by poolside today... waiting is the hardest part...
Tweeps, how would you let a mentee know that she is coming off as unprofessional to you, thus you cannot rec them? She's dropping the ball.
Exhibiting at a #tradeshow soon? Design your #booth based on space and budget limits goo.gl/FDYkL
I saw you running, since the day you started running away
You know what goes perfectly with the Super Bowl? Music!!! Get yours! Buy an album on www.marlenebrehm.com :)
Smile Because It Changes Your Mood It Reliefs Your Stress And It Helps Yuhh Stay Positive. XD
well...not exactly. lmao.
Just start sobbing now.
Pregnant? Promotion?? Book published??? Spill it!
I am looking for a waiting person to work full time for the next month in a fast paced, professional environment on the outskirts of Newark…
Finished teaching for the day. Going to Staples & grocery store. Then to the train and an hour long ride home.
AAHHH!! Did you know that is newly single?! I will be your rebound Adam ;)
Let me feel you next to me, let me taste the breath you breeathee
It confuses me how Super Mario can smash bricks with his head and be fine, but dies once he touches a turtle
Spain leads the world in cork production
he doesn't know what anything is lol
Lunch is best served with a 5 mile
Practice tonight 6:30 .. Be there
use my tip and he will leave your fruit cocktail alone.
is your website down? trying to use the Cyber Monday deal for a new membership but form not going thru. Plz help!
Wish I knew where to place a bet(hint hint)since Ladbroke's aint here no mo
there's power in a third world country, isn't there?
So I almost bought a button down "grandpa" sweater earlier, and now I'm having dinner at 4:30 in the afternoon.
Dear Boys, Girls hearts are not like your dick...Dont play with it!
There will be a lack of Tweets tonight. Was at the office till 1am this morning and back again at 9. Runnin' on fumes
#DidIMakeThatUP well...with or without the Janovi...we should make it happenAb
i more or less cheated...i have the review from last year so any slides that arent on both i just said fuck em
thanks Curt!
Hey George! Please check your e-mail thank you!
I'm only really good at one thing and it's dancing. Don't know how I could utilize that in the future!
Everyone is not your friend
She going a little too hard on that mic...
I LUV the new hotdog flavored potato chips from 7/11 I am not ashamed 2 say I m addicted 2 them lol blessings :)
That awkward moment when you floor it next to a cop but he's on the other lane separated by a boulevard.
Get that pussy shit outta here Tony Parker!!!!!! Damn!
RT : You and I are the front runners for our categories for the awards! Good to meet ya!
$63 I believe. Somewhere around there but that is for the adapter without a new extension cord.
yep but found safe in AZ. Check out that blog though and see the ambulance he lives in.
yes it was suppose to be may 1 but I couldn't move into my new place til the 13th so moving got pushed back obviously.
Safe Summer Event May 21st 11am - 2pm. Jumpers Snow cones games prizes and giveaways.
Paper almost done im so excited so tomorrow I can work on my presentation. <U+FFE3>_<U+FFE3>
OPEN HOUSE this SUNDAY At the Mission 2 blx south of CanalSt. 90LafayetteSt. You'll be nearby so might as well stop by. Get tour & snax. Pax
All is within yourself. Know your most inward self and look for what corresponds with it in nature
Henry Fountain Ashurst was an interesting man
Bring it on Mother Nature. Homegrown is gonna rage hard no matter what you throw at us.
Hey Babe.
Had an awesome time at and can't wait to stay in touch with #SBNY11 wish was there!
I have strep throat fml :/, nd on top of that I can't see my girl cause I might get her infected...
So tired. Glad to finally be outta the hair salon!
1Co 1:3 Grace be to you, and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Its it!!!!!!! RT : Hanging out wIth my long time boy drinks and music is a great combo!
thanks man!
best dressed so far: rose byrne and jessica chastain. work! also sacha baron cohen.. um??
No...I think it's the suddenness and way it happened. However, they may be setting a precedent too. Hard to say.
“ hey nasty kathy lol just kidding way u doing
Margarita, you are so yummy.
Heading back to Huntington to talk Whitman & heritage interpretation!
You can disagree without being disagreeable. Republicans and Democrates, Hm!
Good morning dolls. I missed you
“: Sure let's do it : Hey , you're up to 133,519 followers and counting? Can you get to 150,00 tonight?
I love u <3
I wanna go back to the Blue Lights in the Basement and music made you fall in love. I wanna touch ole Teddy & thank him for saying We belong
Perry, who is at 1% in NH, says "results in New Hampshire show the race for 'conservative alternative' to Mitt Romney remains wide open."
You are important! The world is a better place with you in it.
Keep fighting the good fight. :) That's great about Tom. So glad he's loving it!
thanks for the follow! Check out and help me reach every person in America! Start a global movement!
prank calling ;D
Having a good day....
Been sittin down by the beach since 4a.m smoked out vibein solo..
researching quantum computers is giving me a headache....
Only pussy niggas block u n swear they 2 "real"....then post shit bout u 20 times a day hahahaha #fuckYCEE n every bitch nigga who rep it!!!
lol well can u send it me 2morra ? :)
Happy 4th to all!!!
#uselessfacts 1/4 of the bones in your body are in your feet.
#Gulag RT : Russian security agency says military officer sentenced to 13 yrs for passing secrets to CIA - AP
Rum seems to increase my IQ.
thanks Wesley..yours as well!
funny of the day: "I had something earth shaking to tell u last night, but in my drunken stoopor I forgot to text you"
someone tweet me(:
apparently not!
One of my faves growing up (still is). Vanilla ice cream squeezed between some chocolate stuff and you have National Ice Cream Sandwich Day.
Hell Yeah Perfect game for Humber
Good call on it was mesmerizing. Yet a bit disrespectful to camel toes
I saw a white guy buy some magnums to cover his shoes in the rain.
will you follow me beautiful?
I don't even know what that is!
When u were born, u cried & the world rejoiced. Live ur life so that when u die, the world cries & u rejoice. - Cherokee tribal saying
God is not someone to be messed with! It's not a smart thing to be standing in His way when He is determined to move in all of His power!
Thanks for the follow, Pastor Brian! I hope to inspire you with my tweets.
cool!!! I'd love to meet more euros :)))
“dissent among librarians is always exciting”
Every #soccer team has'em. THE SQUINTER: This player always appears to be in pain.
'akron hates u' - dan gilbert - cleveland fans bron bron made u relevant ... nice way to show ur appreciation - no class
I may vote for Mitt Romney purely out of pity. The guy is a walking embarrassment.
Please tell me when it's over.
Did you know that we'reOPEN 7 DAYS a week?Home of the$75 sewin #Weave Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Oakland 510 8321100
tell ya ma she ain't following me.
Everything I wanted. Nothing i expected.
RT : Stanford Professor Gives Up Teaching Position, Hopes to Reach 500,000 Students at Online Start-Up-
You must document document document and fully understand your rights and how to enforce them.
my new iPod background(:
Now if only would use iBooks; a brief survey shows I use 2 McGraw, 1 Pyrczak, 5 Norton books across all classes.
#IReallyWant Puppies, beer, hot kisses, a massage, a vacation and you.
The punishments for the Saints organization were harsh. Justified? Maybe. I wonder if formal criminal charges will be filed.
That's all I can stands and I can't stands no more...
To find out a girl’s faults, praise her to her girl friends.
wow great information Beadedtail such a sad story I hope the concert does well
my birthday is on the super bowl will u wish me a happy birthday... i hope so #superbowlbirthday:)
Just climbed Mount Boredom.
Sterb Nonchalant is following me!!!! Aw!!!!! I'm celebrity status now!!!!!
omg, I knew that was you!
On the 24th of May, i'll go thru a biopsy by the very best on the prostate. On the 29th, a pet scan ( i think it's called...) for the lungs.
Junior Seau one of the greatest linebackers of my childhood is dead? Suicide is suspected? That is just sad news!
i hope not, I heard the sun was rising and people were WAKING UP to big govt for
I'm so tired of liars and back stabbers
As of this morning her blood pressure was dropping it again so my Mom has left to go up there & I haven't heard anything else
Swilling some delish Tavel rose at The French Wine Society tasting
because your body constantly adapts to your workout, doing the same speed & amount of cardio for more than 2 weeks = less results
Shareholder from inside shares story from inside - execs LAUGHED at their very serious concerns
Go fuck yourself. Tell me why you would re-blog that if you hated the hunger games. SOMETHINGS WRONG WITH YOU.
Yeah I bet u know what's fire vodka wit fruit punch.
Worst day ever. Forgot my phone charger.
only gives my the Guess I can't really complain.
was any of that called for.!?? #Don'tThinkSo
“: Do you know the name of the Irish guy on TMZ?” Peter O'Riordan he's a p/t actor too
I am a Financial Services Representative at Flagstar Bank.
Who knew there were so many web designers, developers and talented people on Twitter? This is definitely the place to be. :)
agree, you could trade away lower rounds with no issue now. Half the lower round guys you could pluck off practice squads
“: I got the mo-o-o-o-oh-ves like !” Aww yeah buddy!!
and I wanna win a trip to cali and see ur first music vid!!!
Captcha codes seriously hurt my eyes. /rant
cliff could you guys make chanukah skins for gears
Nice! What's the class?
Yeah but they still can't merge right “: north carolina. lived here three years....forgot how nice people are. y'all.
no really you have no idea....like he's acting like a demon...
Morning boo... RT : Good morning twitches!!!
Sometimes you just feel like crying, but you know you can't because you have other responsibilities to do; like work or school.
i love you and and your voice! your a big inspiration to me! <3
aww that just made my night ms prescott!! thanks :')
Cause my moms and daddy tlm bout they aint got no money until tomorrow .
Wayland Admission Open House tomorrow. The school shows well, and I hope many come to visit.
I love it when you have #Aussies staying at your house because your basket's full of Australian candy!
yes yes we should it will be great.
dammit bones I just tagged joe in that!
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home - Houston Chronicle (blog)
God, yes.
now following you. thanks!
i don't know. It was from my brother lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! -very big fan
truck stop south of waco texas, perry country, yikes.
i remember when i couldn't find any 1D merch even on ebay, now theres stuff everywhere i turn.
Don't make promises you can never keep.
no problem. Sorry for those - we know that's annoying when it happens.
Had a great time at the Grandest Happy Hour today.
Watching the UK celebration at Rupp live online, this is an amazing group of kids.
who should have worn at the #Grammys? Barbara, Mick, Gwen . . . basically everyone who wasn't wearing a leather jacket
March is rapidly coming to an end, come and see me , I'm taking a short pause in April.
Do you love working with The Cataracs?
What's up peabodies?
wow, this morning really flew by!
Do you guys sell personailzied etched wine bottles?
That awkward moment when you accidentally make eye contact with someone like 5 times.
Wow that hurt.
The Beatles' show is ah-maze-ing! You can't miss it when you visit again. It's called LOVE, just in case :)
when u coming back home
Pray to end human trafficking
yup. Without pay. Pregnant wife. Probably SOP for internal investigation but still...
Can't go -- I'm in Chicago for my cousin's wedding!
Avert eyes from shoe section, don't buy stilettos, don't buy stilettos...
studio session starting now - 91.3fm
Do you know who he's touring with ? Are you from Notts ? x
Watching North Korea fire a rocket is like watching a golfer you dont like and yelling after he hits it, " get in the water!"
Heading to a friends to watch TNA ppv tonight ! needs to watch and see what real tag team action is all about !
So sad I couldn't watch Ustream
Pep always ready to go!
Isn't that a given!? ;o)
Will I survive without tea? The answer is no.
#tornado watching. following james spann. I think it might just miss up to the north. Cuttin it close though.
Later today I'll identify the hardware and software needed to generate Less Paper in your Law Office. Check back often.
I have no idea, but that's awful
I think it depends on the purpose of the twitter? Just my thought.
MEPHOBIA: #Fear of becoming so AWESOME that the human race can't handle it, and everyone dies.
Like a lap-dog, only different.
Trying out Bottlenose for Twitter & Facebook. So far? Surprisingly uncomplicated.
He's was chirped on KTWIN this AM for choosing #DMB. These people obviously have no taste in music
new deer hunting episode " 2 girls 1 buck"
We call that available but unavailable. Watch and learn. First Fed Ex man next Zaidy's delivery. , ,
It's women's day again? Didn't we JUST have a day?
dont say that!
you know it.. U have less stress today?
I am eating everything yummy made by Hostess. Oh yeah baby. Bring dem twinkie ova hur
kuz I hate sleepin alone I hate sleepin alone
Good one! But there's a certain magic in being "persistent" w/o being pushy! I'm learning that, too!
OH NO!! Ginobili has a broken left hand!! Pray for my !!
And what is his response? lol
Dreams do come true.
Seriously Pandora, is anyone awake over there? DeBarge is similar to Earth, Wind & Fire?! Why? Because they are black? They're nothing alike
Curse you water heater! Why must you crap out on me today? I want to take a bath!
Who caught Santigold last night at the event? We didn't make it but she looked great.
just make sure you take care of me. ...
Thanks! great to hear from you!
Kevin, Thanks for following.
great thought! us MC's want to but linking with a like-minded producer is an infinite search.
u have joke right, I wish I was your size
thanks! That makes you cool in my book!
Follow and connect with in Va. Maybe Y'all Collaborate on some stuff?
Im over here weak
Mother's Day is a great time to say I love you mom with a gorgeous floral arrangement.
RT : Monday, but it's a bank holiday so it feels like the weekend. <So today is your Sunday... Enjoy!
Thanks bro for that lesson failure tweet. So worth sharing & came at the right time.:)
Come on ChelseaFC get it in there!!
Repeat after me: I am not a consumer. I am a human being.
Here wishing we were in ATL to grab a beer and burger , Awesome burgers! Congrats on 20 years guys!
griffin where/when are you moving!?
Why doesn't whiskey and NyQuil come in a combo pack. It could be called "Fuck It" or "Awesome"
Well. Watching basketball game, kinda napping and baking. You?
this weather is disgusting!!!
But who is the best 2guard in the league?
lol first baking and now coffee?? Looks like you're def going to own that bakery <U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Hi thanks for the follow. We look forward to sharing tweets with you. Love, Asterix Group
“: Need a break from everything.”
Everyone go with the worlds best ballers a happy birthday
My laptop is so hot, when I put on my lap it burned my leg. Time to sue Apple for Million$$$, yep I'm an evil genius...
Had an Amazing night with him!!! :):)
hit me in the nose with a microphone tonight... Better than the teeth.
Sitting next to pretty much all of court during the AP Lit college board exam + the feeling of finishing and thinking I got a three! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
welcome to Germany!
's compact definition of postmodern theory: "a lyrical assessment of something that was completely unintended.”
So Nice to take a time out & chit-chat with Jay McCarroll today.
LobCITY time!! Let's see how this one plays out!!!
when it on itunes ... i need it now...! lol
Openopenopenopen until 9 tonight! Come stop by PPSS. 8 days to go.....
Roger Clemens will be required to throw chin music at any other juror who falls asleep to wake them up.
Oh my God Brandon Marshall to the bears
Such an ugly day in da trippleD
Government SHOULD BE created and managed by the people with no power of its own except those voluntarily grated to it by the people
Great NBA matchup 2nite! Wizards vs Bobcats.
A2: Research the organization and tailor your resume and portfolio to the position!
Adjacency arrays > Adjacency Lists
Huntsman won't reply.
You know it's Friday when does a robot moon dance during the forecast.
can't wait to start planning for #chicago ! So excited!
Am getting a little addicted to The Princess's Man. -_- *ignores mountainous pile of readings*.
i thought what me and him had was specail
Feel bad for a friend going through a tough breakup but it's generally not a good idea to date someone you work with. Always ends badly?
I jut met u and this is crazy but here's my number call me maybe :-)
When I see a "UX Jobs board" site that is almost completely unusable, I get the impression the jobs listed there suck
"Luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often." Brian Tracy
happy birthday!
"weirdo" is totally a term of endearment for me
"We cannot tell what may happen to us in the strange medley of life,
who's excited for Comic Con????
I been in this game for years it made me an animal-Biggie Smalls
On my way home I can't wait to see my bed and the suprise morgan left me....
That was me yesterday. Oh wait I think that still might be me.
Neither is a joke! RT Exit question: What's the bigger joke: Obama as President or us if we can't beat him?
dude tried to convince me he is a time traveler .
Which puts him at 27 or 28. He SHOULD hit 40. He did it in Petco.
Guess ill just lay here...
Tonight come party with me! At living room lounge 446 w Virginia rd crystal lake il 9pm-1am Two rooms Karaoke room And tropical urban room
no problem. I was gonna say hell I wanna try that then ahaha
Logo Christmas Stockings are popular this year
Twitter Tip for SMBs: Trying to figure out what your customers want? Use Twitter to ask them!
The Crude Oil continues to rapidly increase.. I was Looking 4 Solutions ...I found a Gas Discount Card check out www.EZCashAndGas.com
My day is going very well Jim! Thanks for asking. How about yours?
Happy #Fridaythe13th thanks for following! Shout out today to and
I Cried When I ran away and forgot my things...
haha i'm not :)
I am on the internet with the hour deal (thank you!) in FCO, but facebook refuses to load or open at all
Excuse my grammar; trying to make a point of how irrelevant some people's thoughts/opinions are.
#lazyasallhelltweet lol RT I'm hungry...but I'm just gonna go to sleep
no way to change the birth date associated with the google account right?
Thanks, following you too! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
#USHLI2012 Student Leadership Series kicks off today. Join us as we launch the beginning of over 40 events nation wide with our #SLS!
netflix is amazing
BEST DAY EVER!<3 i love u joseph!:) FWD: : Happy days never ends i no 2day will never end because of formal My<3 is forever
Finally got to see my boy pitch at GCVA. Well done buddy!!
thermos flasks reviewsDewar Shielded Vacuum Flasks Pope- thermoses vacuum flasks
Twitter is suggesting I follow and Two places I wouldn't be caught dead at ever again.
Dear , Thanks for your new national newspaper ad campaign. That's how you make loyal customers.
lick, then eat. It's got a god crunch to it.
Strong & Keep the Faith. Your are a Survivor!
Grill out for the first time this year>>>>
#Apple should redesign the iTunes interface. Make it more modern and hip.
what you gettin into tonight TA9? #GrizzNation wants to know!
I just want to thank "s ancestors for creating Yamatos.
My life hurts
Looking for my Next adventure, perhaps Ice Road Trucking.You In??? Let me know if I could be of help to you. Good Luck!
Let's divide & conquer Whole Foods
we'll be hanging around the merch table now and then during the gig.
What elevators used to be to Grey's Anatomy, they are now to The Good Wife.
i need to started on this work
I'm not trying to run your life, thats why I'm nobodys wife but when I want it, you gotta be ready.
Myth-Breast #augmentation is a 1x only procedure.Truth-every woman should be aware that the likelihood of needing subsequent surgery is high
it was only a matter of time b4 i found me da women i been looking for so u can say ima happy nigga now
It's crazy to see someone get knocked out , but to see three people get knocked out back to back lmao funniest shit ever
So true..“: Cream double breasted tux jacket... So chic Sir Paul McCartney! <U+2665>”
Good win tonight guys!
I don't know many people who expect much of this season (although Az is overrated and other division teams are no good either)
Minute Maid Smashin' Strawberry Juice is where its at!!!!!!!
TRUTH! My #ufc clients who put work in, between fights, have a much easier time cutting weight & ample energy during the fights!
Music Suggestions? What kind of music define your day today? (Bonus awesome points if I add it to my playlist.)
My ears r ringing!
gotta move round em wit dem footwork skills
I know, I tried to convey that when I started typing it out, and ran out of characters. Twitter is shit.
that is really cool. I would definitely tip if something like that happened to me
I cant wait to be one :)
Jus left da movies think like a man was GREAT!!!
Oh My God ,Mikey . Look At Your Abs .... SEXY ! ILY ;D
Thanks for following my twitter Fire!
MT Best apps/tools are ones that allow you to use the Internet to get off the Internet(ie meet your neighbors, find new places)
-.- that's not how it went!
hank you for following fears agencies Edis. Wendell
NBA Commissioner David Stern will attend Monday's Pacers' home playoff game vs Magic. Local media will meet with Stern at 6:45 p.m.
U r THE best and I am so Proud of and happy for you!
OG trichomes do me as well as any opiate pain killer
oh bitches don't like that? homie I'll be nicer to women when aqua man drowns and the human torch starts swimming.
More research in the collection this morning. I'm hoping a few more surprises are in store!
true. yours was spot on I must say.. like musical notes flowing off a professional musician :)
Took 3 teen boys to Boston yesterday; happy to be back at work today -- far less exhausting!
i like how u take down john sena
Who are the learned? Those who practice what they know. – Muhammad
About to testify on HB1155 @ the CO legislature. Impressive new direction for dev ed reform
in the cut x wiz khalifa . i haven't listened to this in so long .
I like the way they Ended w/ president snow. Will be a great transition to Catching Fire.
Using God-given talents and gifts for self-serving purposes always end up destructive for the creature. Pride self destructs.
Many trainees never get further than "Limited Expertise" and eventually drop out to become civil servants.
3 Tripple grease bacon stack cheese burger blasters, and a diet coke please.
Only nightclub 2 be @ is surrendervegas
Echoes of Pompeii Sat. Sept. 17 at The Paramount at 7:30pm. Pink Floyd fans save this date! Tickets $15 and $20 online or box office.
#ArentYouTiredOf People who finally hear one expression thats been around for ages and then wear it out faster than you can say stfu? (YOLO)
Tax day is tomorrow and DD has something for ya! We'll be @ the main post office on Sunset/Paradise from 4-6 p.m. tomorrow w/ free goodies!
totally sucks. The downside of corporate life. Lol
What a faiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilll for Chicago!
I try to compromise. -A
dude congrats!!!!!!
Off to Georgetown University Alumni Club of DC board meeting -- follow us
Why do people find it necessary to judge those who don't drink/smoke? It's your opinion, but why do you seem so determined to change mine?
same price I ship for free
I'm on page 7 of An Object of Beauty and already I love it. Thank you for being amazing.
Thanks for following us! We're looking forward to your tweets!
Fidel > Hadley Ramirez and Jose Reyes.
#WhenAGuy Gives You Compliments
The 2 Pac hologram would have come in handy 9/13/96
#Focused. I'm a hustler. And my hustle is trying to figure out the best ways to do what I like without having to do much else. -Mos Def
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
It's late as shit. Shut the fuck up...
“: EPIC”. Love your AVI
RT ": The Sodexo staff knows how to party <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>"
The Saints bounty is all over SportsCenter but nothing about Seau?
Not even suppose to be working today... But working anyways. $$$$
looking for an inexpensive and easy #coffee grinder that is great for making coarse grounds...any suggestions?
thanks! haha yeah I am too
looks promising. Thanks!
I'm the curios type
it has been amazing!
Actually, also likes me cus he knows I want to rub that big bald head of his.. ;-)
Free throw and turnover struggles continue. Ron Nored with two missed free throws and the Bulldogs with 4 turnovers just four minutes in.
SHUT UP MENN
hah I will do my best. I don't think it's me. I think nature has a grudge.
my heart goes out to the goventure fam I'm heartbroken.
I'm through with you
Also, he asked about avoiding hurting this guy, so he clearly already has some good clues.
Thanks to all who attended our first session today - about to start Quantitative Legal Prediction w Dr. Daniel Katz
The bears got Tebow'd last night! I'm loving it.
the Gates will go down in history as real benefactors. But we have been to busy idolizing a false prophet.
What better way to celebrate Labor day than working. #usinno => One of joys of working with international organizations
because I'm not there!!
Doors just opened for Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real w/ Steelshot & Keith Driver!
"What'd you all think of Pink Champagne?? Yeah"<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>#Champagne #Quote of the day.
Be MOTIVATED by LOVE!
Thanks for mentions and RTs
In honor of TN Library Day today, we will be tweeting some fun facts throughout the day about public libraries in TN.
Yeah, apparently Dr.Erotic wants to be my friend or something. My mom always hoped I'd end up with a Dr.
I hope you feel better, I used them frequently...sends best thoughts for you
I bet you sleep by now :P. Hit me up 2ma Ramona.
Awesome! Glad to have you! ": Just signed up for kickball on wednesday night with !"
Great to hear. Whenever I buy a bottle of good bourbon i think of you guys and the fall ball. Go Cats!
HOW TO WIN A SIGNED POSTED BY AUSTIN... At end of my video I will have a quiz. First 2 ppl that msg me with right answer on FB get one!!!
Thanks for RT
I love watching mi sister dance
I have very strong opinions on different types of sparkling water. Out white that bitches.
Since my leetle sister has no time this weekend were celebrating her birthday tn!!! <3 you jaimie happy early bday!:)
SMEs to fire up bond retail platforms
Well I guess I'm back. Twitter is def. the best way to find out news instantly. See my earlier tweet for why I abandoned the subway...
I had to online stalk for 3 weeks, but I'm finally in a 301 class. Graduation show on Sunday, July 1st @ noon. Mark it!
oh my GOD....becky look at her butt !!!
you really don't?!
Here's to Friday and great followers!
Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!
we are praying for you tonight at our youth & young service. God bless!
Great day for Commencement. Congrats UMUC grads!
I wouldn't do that to anyone. It's too good to spoil. Raid's next on my list.
I can only hope it is an April Fool's Day joke that Ashton Kutcher will play Steve Jobs in an upcoming movie. Think differently.
I'm not able to make it to the show can u bring me some joy too?
A common sign of vision loss is squinting or tilting your head to see clearly.
I'm not here to play games. I'm here to win.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back! Happy Seis de Mayo, amigo!
From here on out, everyday of my life will be a work of art. No more wasting time with things that don't matter to me.
teach and let that guide your decision.
Moving on to Facebook. Using a fan page for push communication in a course (online or f2f) is an interesting idea.
that #mahoment when you saw that noticed/tweeted and you start freaking out & start tweetin him as fast as you can ;D
Damn bitch looks like she puts on her make up at the #homedepot!
when I work out in my Japanese Batman tank I feel 10 times more badass.
Do work son!
what did you think of the Anna's Merlot?
Miss You Too !
There are plenty of reasons humanity should go to Mars, but I think the reasons are not the problem here
when is the networking event from?
Enter: The 'Blog-Up' Store – A New Take on Social Selling (Video)
we are doing good ... would you like to play your song on NIXA ?
I've never been happier about where #Fringe is headed plotwise, and never been sadder about its uncertain future.
It's always something, and no matter what I do or how hard I try, I still come out losing
What about Larry Fitzgerald? He's my hero! Do the braids affect Dudley's game?
I am so happy that I can still download my radio shows here.
no staying up for the Boondocks?!
:( wish I was at church right now
RT Playing with someone's emotions is a dangerous game..... so true
Some #Phillies fans, in an almost comically stereotypical fashion, told Werth that he deserved it, as he walked off field with broken wrist.
So many tv show tweets. I feel like you could just make one up and no one would know. Like: Ashley is such a backstabber!
The Will Be Accepting Pre-Orders For #vS Mixtape, Dropping Officially On March 30th! Get At Us For Details
playing with manning im sure is great and all but now You get to sack his ass! GL man
Snow patches linger, Melting brightly in the sun: Inauguration.
well said. Also dems incld. Obama need to improve campaign message in 2012
Are Bengals the favorite in AFC North now with Suggs injury?
Praying tomorrow will be a better day for my wonderful mom who should never feel pain, my cousin Blane & my own brain will be pain free.
Getting ready to play around with the Citizen Archivist Dashboard and #NationalArchives Tagathon !
Some people make promises just to buy more time, so don't believe it until you see it.
Josh is going to change his body for a role.
you plan on skipping? lol. im a senior and have 8 days left! all this week and through wednesday of next
She really has no idea about anything. It's aggravating.
always prepared 4 anything
I'm pretty sure I told you this last week...
Fever still going strong & my pain is intensifying.
Yeah.. Ahahah thanks (; She said she pulled me out of school.. But I think she was trying to scare me. My lifes complicated
I hate longwinded ass ppl
hahahaha how are you :)
Headed to the W Downtown for dinner with the girls
~+-~|~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Out of those 3, I have the most respect for Mo. Cano, not really, Jeter I just can't.
fml you're so undeniably attractive. i pity me & the other 21 million beliebers, we'll never get you. :(
DMs sent with the discount codes
can I ask you something?
I so didn't email you like I was supposed to, but I did block out my Sunday though! LOL. What time tomorrow and where?
Check this out and #RT !!!! I guess u can call her my cuz but here she is singin talking to the moon -
What's the password for your wifi?
I'm the kind of guy who listens to DJ Khaled yell for the first min and a half of a song and hit skip once people start rapping.
I'm totally sticking this week to lose the annoying 2 pounds so I can be 1_0 flat lolol.
I'm putting out a pan to catch the dripping sarcasm. :)
Looks about right!
Thanks to our #FF friends !
I know, but it's hard to understand
You can't promote family values by preventing people from forming families.
good 5. I got clips, Rex, con, ill, and head ice. That's my starting five. Its different every six months. Bodybag!
I just want to take you and run away.
In the beginning of the first Jersey shore they called Snooki, Snickerz
Every day, right after 2 pm ET, the Midday Recipe of the Day -- look for it
Don't blame the bus driver...bring the ruckus drunk? GTFO!
somehow I'm wide awake this morning
"Angels Cry" - The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus :3
“: Many of you know I'm predicting the #Giants will win. This isn't because I hate the #Packers or #CM3” But you DO!! LOL
Excited like whoa that lots of pretty ladies will be out in full force tonight in Anna Chich Jewelry and Danielle Pettee dresses!
nice, your right. But both countries are drawing down. Lol i am a marine.. And just got back...
Whether or not people are comfortable with how you're living your life doesn't matter. What matters is whether you're comfortable with it.
I love you, Dennis Haskins! You know I'm voting for you for DWTS!
How are you? It's been a while huh? What's the skinny miss missy?
Everyone should come out to my Final Vocal Performance Show On March 16th at 7 pm :) at Musicians Institute!!
Shout Out To Him Every Body Follow,Him He Gives Shoutouts And He Follows .
how about peer-to-peer recognition? Staff can share on chalkboard in galleries: "Things our staff members say about one another"
roger dat! Imma up you 100. Lol. Got it waiting for ya when u get to the bay.
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces the #deficit & increases personal liberty. Please back #poker in Senate!
the moral of the #oscars is if Marty Scorsese keeps making films, we'll be able to continue to present Oscars.
discussing live how community grieves a sudden death even through empathy as a parent #askTVDr your questions about grief.
I have you covered!! RT Lol if we can find a 7 foot hoop.
DBANning my old MacBook to sell it. Rubbery trackpads seems so primitive now
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Do you speak Spanish?
I been doing good. Trying to make it up here. How are you? How are things there?
It is disrespectful and karmically binding to use our voice in a way that takes people's power away.
oh sorry. I wasn't informed!
Scroggy: "it was a tough decision. I thought it over once for about 15 seconds before ultimately deciding to return."
At least my bacon is perfectly burned.
Why Do (Women)Folks Think... its ok to be more than 250 pounds with a tramp stamp. that shit aint cute
If it's about technology and politics, pitch me.
well, the earth is flat so it's a possibility
A line for the men's room and no line for the women's just doesn't sound right.
i love my twitter friends, i wish i had more<3
Over a friggin box you claiming the snitch code.
RT "Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength." - Corrie Ten Boom
heard that.
when they point the finger, point them to the mirror b
You better be watching from your lucky chair!
New word coined on the spot by : irresponsive. It occurred in the midst of a thick
Like one posted, "I'd totally blow him."
You made me smirk and narrow my eyes. You must know you're in so much trouble.
why you mad bro? Ahahaha
I wish I were - I have to work. I'm also rehearsing every night. Coffee/chocolat chaud one morning?
I totally agree with the DILF comment!
@ Real Estate School! Then time to Tan and start my friday :)
Happy February!
Working on Mobile App idea for client. What mobile app do you like best for a company?
Who's ordering in tonight?! We deliver! #seamlessweb #delivery.com #grubhub #nycdinner or try our #grouponnow for $10 pizza
One pratcie I saw work successfully for clothing lines is in the summer, cut back in costs by printing on thinner t-shirts
Achoo! Someone said "holidays" -- don't you guys know I'm allergic to holidays?
Last year I made a "pake" - chocolate cake surrounding a cherry pie or the "cher" in cherpumple. I shared some with
Remember: "Where ever you go, there you are." -Buckaroo Banzai
We would like to thank for fueling all of our late night rehearsals. You guys kill it!!
I can break my neck lol
That you are, sir. That you are.
Going to Crow. Wish me luck!
love it.
I almost lost my lunch. My people should stick to vino and pizza.
I've about had it with these damn Disney movies
Back in NM, halfway home. 3 more hours to go!
We hope everyone has a fun, safe, and exciting spring break!
yeah I think we'll be set on rebounding. Me you and that dude that played on our team last thursday.
you rock my world by just seeing you dance on stage next to melanie! Its incredible :)
When it gets to the point in a relationship where you are arguing everyday and it starts to get physical
Aww! Thank you!
Yes. By and large I think it is a terrible idea.
Just finish my donut , now I meet to loose 5 lb hahahaha
Welcome to the #Pirates!
I agree. For beats its hard to beat the FL Studio x Reason x Pro Tools combo.
Bouncy rain in webster. Ahh western my we get all the weathers, sometimes in one day.
Today's business spam from China concluded with "Please Let your interpreter call me if you want to conclude the cooporation." Bold.
we are working on the WishList. Thank you for the feedback.
#Spurs swatting the Hornets tonight! My family originated in New Orleans but tonight it's
Sky moon stars thats where im at
Tweeps, what's new?
I want u to his give a try. You will not know how you truly feel unless u try it
You can still be at a bachelor party and hit the sports book! :)
Is your last name Campbell? because you're mm m good.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks for the intro at
Just waiting for the UFC Santos vs Velasquez fight to start
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE:D
RT : no joy this morning :(
RT : , thanks ever so much for the unicorn egg!! I shall raise him/her to be the greatest unicorn ever
Jeff Teague has bounce
THIS. RT“: We gotta raise our kids right, we gotta get them used to gorgonzola.”
RT : No ones going to " GIVE" u anything. U want something? Go get it.
How did that hair get so high up on the shower wall?
Hey girl, text me back. :)
profile pic has gone retro in honor of the best hockey jerseys of the 90s
I know, I was very torn, in the end I went with black.
That meek mill mix-tape is tough...
Went to longhorn to trade in cookies for a salad but they were eBay :(
you better!
CANT WAIT TO HEAR #SAYSOMTHING AH FAN GIRLING OVER HERE!!!!!! LKJSFDFDKJFDJIOAJISDIPAS
It's nice to know. But where are the (re)building plans? Are we getting a New Capital City or a glorious Tent City for this sum?
My laugh is annoying.
OK, not to sound too stupid, but what's a DM?
District governor Munandi Suresh from Bangalore is here sharing their projects. As a district they have collected 40,000 units of blood.
I have oscars opening, and is out of town!
RT Win $500 and a trip to San Francisco! Design a T-shirt for the Summit 2012
#MOSDOHevent Dr. Craig Halliday encourages collaboration and partnerships. Excited in becoming a part of ATSU and the Kirksville community.
I hate breaking promises too :'/
ah me too!
Pretending you're the host of a cooking show, when you're home alone cooking.
Headed to see tonight. Love stand-up!
Took a date home way late, Her dad asked me to come inside. Said he had something for me. It was 2 black eyes & a broken nose
relaxing then heading to my best Marys house for the evening :)
Good morning.... It is almost C-mas did u do something to ur home for a gift? wwwvcassociates.net
Click LIKE if you could get down on some green chile soup right about now...
Good morning!!! Another great week ahead
Thanks for the offer! How can we best contact you?
What would college be without days where stress is high and you cant seem to wake up?? It's just all part of the the life...
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
TOUCHDOWN!! #gopack #GoPackGo under review.... Refs better not mess this up...
The Silk Tie likes Bill! thesilktie.com
hey im in a debation as to whether or not the coffee thief is worthy of coffee?
Battle Los Angeles = Poop. Details on the blog.
ahem just to let you know... We are married... haha
HAVE FUN <U+2661>
I could not agree more :-).
I keep feeling like there's school tomorrow! :(
Toastmaster Speech Contest April 9th @ the VA hospital. Come see others compete. It's fun and motivating!
pls do share with others and if possible do share ur story with us as well :)
Last call for crafters in the #NetworkingUncommons at
this S.A.T. scandal is startin to get more out of hand
Treated myself to new CD and MetaMaus by Hard to believe: 20 years since I fell in love with these artists.
Beauty and the Beast will be performed live at Buell Theatre starting March 14. Who plans on going?
thankful each day it's blue skies and sunny here :)
YES! // RT : working on my first blog post for Be sure to follow with Twitter, FB, and RSS feed. Stay tuned.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>Making my way downtown walking fast, faces pass and I'm home bound *hums to the beat* <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Emerson
yea them boys nice
: Rushers! Elevate a little higher;Let's throw a party in the sky! It's Big Time Ticket Weekend! Hope to see you on tour! ht ...
Yes! Only 100 more likes on Facebook and we will release a demo! We love all of you!
Yeah,love babe.
4 more years! 4 more years!
The Bulls should def go after Steve Nash
Vlogging w/ at 2:00am is one of my favorite things to do! <3 Now going to bed. Can't wait for the #beach tomorrow!
SCREEN ON THE COW TONIGHT RAIN OR SHINE!!! GIDDY UP!
I hope the Badger defense shows up soon.
Hi there, how are things with you?
Girl in gold dress at table 22 is hot, big-hearted and we want her to meet cute guys. Come say hi.
my biggest fear: not being a successful man & having this degree go to waste... worse than jason or mike myers on my neck
- HUGE TY 2 u 4 cmg out 2 Shoot to Cure HD event fri nite! We greatly appreciate u doing live-shots during 6pm cast.
WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM
Glad we have our priorities right. #Pinkslime was mentioned almost 100,000 times on Twitter last month.
Attention LBT mamis! xQsí would like to feature you! Contact for more details
Show your customers some much deserved love with an "underground" class, open only 2 those who receive your newsletter or sign-up in person!
Just get a Facebook, weirdo.
Always a fair question. RT : How can you represent all of the people if you don't respect all of the people?
DANG IT. The internet turned back on. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Chris Brown was all too winded to be singing that whole time! SOMEBODY is playin some type of game here...lmao!!!
RT We do what we must, and call it by the best names - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I wish
Feeling my pumped up kicks this weekend.... Hello Friday! :)
Missed #DWTS yesterday so trying 2 catch-up on my laptop from player. Picture herky-jerky & can't escape the commercials. Annoying.
I'm hoping for a #49'ers win today! Otherwise it's just an east coast #Superbowl. BORING!
Well hey, you!
Anybody can lower prices--but can you raise the quality of the products & services you offer?
The new album sounds great. You should come play in the SF Bay Area. would be a perfect venue for you.
Today is a waste of a day. Get me to the weekend !
Man Graphics take a long time to Render Geeesh!!!
Attempting some map work--and trying to read hundreds of DH tweets--on
The induction stove at #noisebridge is the dumbest technology ever!
Gettin ready to fly those friendly skies again...
Is it really Friday? Do I really get my first day off in three weeks tomorrow??
Nah, there aren't that many people who watch MSNBC RT Pew: 17% of Americans get no news daily
Happy Veteran's Day y'all!! We're serving up caramel apple cider for our double punch drink of the day. Come by and see us!
Wow an agency reached out to me about representing me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>
Want to help make a difference in Tanzania, South Africa, & Uganda? You can donate $ to VIA programs on our website visionsinaction.org
Congrats on the DPOY award! You have balled hard since your rookie year.
Friday special All 8th are $30
Leaving for the doctor's here in like 10 minutes. :/ Make sure I bring my mp3!
Kim, thanks for connecting! How are you? Matthew
RT : can you give a hint? > we make golf clubs, too>yet to see my free set > 5 yr=tees, 10 yr=ball markers, 15=balls, 20=clubs
Writing songs like crazy.
#np Anaconda Sniper - Title Fight
I want 1 of them slushies from McDonalds....im too lazy to walk up there n too lazy to walk to my car, I need my delivered
Maryland Film Festival, Flowermart, and Kinetic Sculpture Race all in one weekend? !!? #Baltimore might just explode with fun!
I don't mind so much that Romney was a dick in high school. It's his total lack of empathy as adult that's the problem.
When someone actually understands you
Wow, that was a hell of a plane ride...
one more reason to come see me in Portland, Heather.
i had to make a new account i couldnt log into my other one
Ha! Indeed.
what is the vigil for??
Taco Tuesdays! $2 select tacos, $2 Mystery Shots, $2 Modelo Especial, Tecate, Dos XX Bring on the FUN!
I have not seen you in FOREVER!! Hope you are well!! I would love to catch up!!!
VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM FOR THE MOST FAST ACTING HAIR GROW PRODUCTS ON THE MARKET
2 more days of actual school!
My prayers are with you and your family.
These kids in I Know What You Did Last Summer have poor decision making skills.
Hi - it was good to run into you at ! I'm off to hide in the grad dungeon.
RT : Hey LA! We're throwing a party on Fri & need a DJ. Tweet links @ us. We'll pay you and get you drunk.
Wonderful evening with my Bible Study siestas ...good food...great conversations and a fun gift exchange! ...
Ain't in no hurry, I'd be a fool now to worry about all those things I can't change.
looks great. Don't see detailed ingredients on the site. Can you get me that? I will subscribe
Aww, thanks, Ed! So nice :)
": if you SMOKE cigarettes. Please do not get in people face and TALK...you are the RUDEST people in the world..."
Lena Dunham, where have you been all my life?!
yeah I will thanks (: I got great friends
I have a #tebowner right now.
More Breaking News said my $12 food voucher can be traded for elastic band & some bubble gum to get our plane in the air Chewing now!
: "I believe in free people." Yes! In white, male, straight, cisgendered, Catholic, conservative, American-born people!
Yeah, just don't want to come off as one. Trust me, I'd rather see the A's in the playoffs then Texas.
NICE! Love it :D
Guess who hates rain! THIS GIRL.
Planning our next event, are you on our list? Sign up at MiamiPudding.com to receive invites for all the parties
We’re seeking Marylanders who want to share reaction on Komen's Planned Parenthood reversal. Email Matt Brown at
Who is your overall favorite character from either GA or PP, as far as the complete character development since the beginning?
I bet could convince me to do a lot of things.
Too many teen pregnancies, too many single parents...so let's ban birth control
follow my new twitter...
Thank you for supporting me :D
Sloppiest game ever
Kenny Chesney/Tim McGraw ticket giveaway this Saturday! Suburban Cowboys live at MICKEY FINNS in Libertyville!
I'm so hungry!
Who got a extra tmobile phone they dont wont
I think if you had the dream, it mean you're due a visit to US! :)
When you dream of me tonight, am I close to where you are?
#FourWheelDrives - Melloy Dodge offers a wide array of 4x4 trucks and SUV's. Don't spend Winter spinning your wheels. Buy a new 4x4 Dodge!
In brightest day,in blackest night, No evil shall escape my sight Let those who worship evil's might, Beware my power,Green Lantern's light!
heyy welcome to the world of twitter.
Twitter Fans. March 17th is Houston's Attractions Next Concert and April 29th. Artist will be announced by the end of the week. Stay tuned!
because I stayed in hiding until it grew out... ;)
Traffic headed south on 185th at Baseline is all messed up due to train crossing signal malfunction. TriMet & WCSO on scene
oh worrd yea same here wen u plan on headn out we need a nice vegas weekend wen we get ova there
or time travel. I'd go visit my great-grandma and listen. or skip ahead to a society with a greater knowledge of quantum mechanics.
Coloring like I used to when I was 10.
and there is a great ice cream place near Notre Dame
A "master class" in Redding this afternoon! How interesting, I don't think of myself as a "master", rather just a guy trying to write the n
ok it's not me. They also said they were two other ppl. Think about it, they can lie.
2nd CITIZEN: Answer every man directly.
yes!!! Sorry I'll be in touch soon!
Can you please follow me guys follow back :D <3
Finally home from Nashville! Made the Fashion Show & Got 2 spend time with a friend and spluge on shiner and pizza at Sams!
Knitting while tipsy is a little challenging...just a little <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'm in Florida.
Come on #KU. Get your act together.
We're performing several times during the charity performance at the Palace. No gigs in Hammersmith at the mo :/
Just as I get off twitter, gets on and talks to fans. #boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Sixers win 82-81. Take game 2 series tied 1-1!!!!! Coming back to philly watch out Boston
Biking to work: Car swerves. I swerve. I hit huge pothole. U-lock flies of bike. Hummer runs over it. Happy Monday.
Our darkest moments only last as long as you allow them to...be FREE...so you can live the life God desires for you to live. AMEN
would love to go to the beach
Did he die momentarily?
where's rvip now?
Good luck with the home shopping: avoid the ones touting "great view of passing trains"
6 mins til the bell rings... I hate getting here early -______-
I COULD B UR GURLFRIEND ;))) no jk seriously hay.
all the hectors in el paso are gona form a mob and fuck you up adriana -.-t
You guys help me trend #letAustinwalk He isnt allowed to walk at graduation bc he was taking care of his mother who has breast cancer :(
Download the New Twitter Picture
I feel like that last tweet is how feels about me sometimes! Haha
. You came in a close second, but was a tad faster.
We could keep going back and forth about this but the 140 character limit is just annoying me at this point. I get ya, though.
Thanks for the follow Paola!
Go listen to our new track on our Facebook! :) Share with friends! Also, you may have to re LIKE us cause Facebook is being dumb and dropped
hahaha you'd think they know how to spell the name of one of their most loyal customers!
RT At the jackelope! come n drink
Moving on to #islamophobia now. Join us for a live chat/live stream event from kcet.org/socal911
“ Just Friends TBS. Friday night party. ” dude me and were just watching that #Underated good luck tomorrow!
aw imy2 :( txt me?
Why didn't I know about this magazine? Well, I do now.
Yes! Soc media can foster learning esp by prompting curiosity, desire to explore, sense of play
Josh Hamilton 4 HR 8 RBI and 18 total bases? I like to see him hit 74 and get rid of Bonds........
everyone having a good week so far? make coming home happier - have us clean while you're at work! www.pghgreenclean.com
i should be an artist!
Thanks, Steven--appreciate your thoughts.
What do you figure our philosophy is on the oline? Are we still building primarily to zone block?
when is mb commeng back to nyc?
you could come spend the night with me when i get home? :)
Happy Friday, All!
Thanks for the welcome!
#Wow (AP) -- Munch's `The Scream' fetches record $119,900,000 at NYC auction.
“: that's y I luv libraries. Luckily Philly gained few bookstores over the years but still have 60% high school graduation rate
I know its not but that sounds funny :)
posse to the burger stand.
thank goodness for PNG24
Now that is something useful!
Yee those girls! Bro I was mad when I watched it. The bitch was pulling hair not even giving the other bitch a chance to hit.
Oh well. It's nothing a double espresso can't take care of.
Work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger More than ever hour after our work is never over. - Daft Punk
watching "White Chicks" starring Shawn and movie still cracks me up!
I'll help you press charges against for 3rd Degree Misdemeanor Movie Confusion. Any chance you work near asbestos?
ash posted that greatest picture everr!(: ://instagr.am/p/Kt1MNrt0td/
Yup, there's also a mouse in my wall.
I'd love to play pickup with LBJ, then I could take the last shot MT Two Hall of Famers on the court and Mario Chalmers shoots...
We’ve found that tamales are perfect for those cool spring mornings. And afternoons. And evenings. Try it for yourself.
Martin HAS to go in the offseason. I swear I can't watch him get burned once (er...four) times a game anymore
didja solve the "I AM AMERICAN" one yet? ^jw
haha it was back in my #rockstar days. i've never been more stressed out while driving there. did that probably 6 or 7 times.
hearing that "the Sassano" at has been re-signed for the 2012 season. turkey's everywhere are not happy...
the way shannny is handling playoff suspensions is absolutely embrassing. The is a joke
Wow.. Durant. ... Lake show turned no show?..
maybe just an all-American dipshit.
S: What do you do here? Doctor: I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you. S: That would be tremendously ambitious of you.
no problem glad to have u aboard
I've got Blink 182 tickets. Everybody reach deep and connect with your inner "34 year old dude that dresses like a teen"
my om made me change my phone number cause i went over $81 smh
you're a doll. i think she's luckier to have a sister who spoils her at fred segal.
RT : Yeah, I'm not alone, because God is with me!!! It's a big truth... Thanks #WeAreRansom Many Blessings to you!
Follow Me
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou
Ha! What a wonderful day !
Me too! RT : - She is a THUG in a cocktail dress ! makes me laugh every time .. :)
Wit da GOO-Night Crew n dirty lil hamster chellz again fina c what we get into Ah Goo- night Lmao!
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
I don't know wat it is that you've done to me, but its caused me to act in such a crazy way.
Sorting books.Maybe I'll purge the last terrible titles titles from PhD quals! Notes on the State of Virginia, anyone?The Castle of Otranto?
RT this kid said his iPhone was getting fixed lmao haha I think I know who ur talking about
Out of context, or blaming the poor for own poverty? RT : Procrastination is the cornerstone of all poverty. -Larry Zimberg
thank you Sean.
swag swagtag-swag
I told my boyfriend he was bad in bed so he banged me on the coffee table
man...why don't you!
haha really? Omg I would of died if I was there
Please cut chalmer after dis game
It’s time for #BattleTrack again on Friday! Our resident (HipHop) vs. (House)!
Such a meh day.
it's Halloween! Isn't there some sort of large office party involving intricate costume contest?
Burnt BLT is unappetizing and demoralizing.
Chicago, you ought to go see this weekend at Lincoln Hall. They're fantastic.
Oh hi, I'm gonna be a dumb ass and pierce myself without reading up on it or even know what the fuck i'm doing.
Congrats to on his 5 year!
We want to thank Food 4 Less for their support & generous dontaion to this years peace festival!!!
#favetny Why is the force still with us? By John Seabrook
Happiness is a warm poodle. (I don't know what the poodle's happiness is.)
wow hahaha i wonder wat was the matter with him he was all sad??????hm......
Chris Bosh Jst Shattered They Whole Damn Career With One Dunk!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
This means that the brand names need to be the main focal point to make the consumer aware.
Chipper Jones with the walkoff homer! The BEST game so far this season.
Do me a favor the next time you drink any bottled water look on the bottle and ask yourself why does water have a expiration date?
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair, & Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited
of course! Saturday is going to be filled with nervousness
I stink so.
Yeah it looks like a child put that plate together.
ZOMG SO NICE OUTSIDE
My twitter feed has become a silent golf outing thanks to I forgot how much I disliked golf.
Thanks for the offer, Digital Products Proprietor. Let me consult an Information Superhighway Constable and get back to you. With a grenade.
I hate Steven Tyler so much. He dresses so womanly. Ew.
Seriously OMG I'm choking to death.
Can it be summer when I wake up..?
I'm suppose to be doing homework but #lifeclass and has my total attention.
330 is locked
Dennis Hopper`s son.
I just hope WWE doesn't drop the ball on Antonio, he's too talented to be wasted.
At the studio. Hoorah! :)
Is the REO Goldrush small guys looking to strike it rich or the Commercial Investors getting richer?
The index of refraction of a material is the ratio of the velocity of light in a vacuum to that in the material: n = c/v
It's never too late to retweet something that you like. :-D Thanks!
Dad just left to virginia and washington dc for a couple of days again . ._.
Blue suede shoes stay crispy like bacon
NP :) Thanks for the nice blog post about your experiences w/ Social Justice Camp!
i can't wait to see this movie!!
excuses include: i hate crowds, too much money, too many tourists, cant get time off, etc...
It is a way to drive science forward. Sometimes the ends justify the means - though I try not to think that way.
LUNCH SPECIAL - Roasted Beet Salad on a bed of mixed greens with bleu cheese, candied walnuts, cucumber, onions and an orange vinaigrette.
hey girl, do you know if your job is hiring???
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
ALL TEENS!! TONIGHT!! HUGE TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB MANSION!! ONLY $5 TO GET IN ALL NIGHT LONG!! DOORS OPEN AT 7!!!
How much sanitizer is carried during some of the tours you take? LOL. I have gloves, wipes, etc.....
Top tips for your Social Media: Think of social media as a conversation rather than a marketing vehicle, join in, work smart!
Etymological happy of the day: RT : The old Greek word "anarkhos" doesn't mean "no rules"—it means "no rulers."
what are you talking about
RT : tremendous respect for the and #HillaryClinton, surprised by how badly the #Chen incident has been handled
Great event at Aceituna! Hope everyone enjoyed their free lunch :)
Wow how many times is Rep. Weiner going to apologized about having cyber love! He should be asking God for forgiveness!
Ally & I have decided to start splitting most restaurant meals. Reducing cost & consumption. Only problem: we have to agree on something.
"A little faith will bring your soul to heaven, but a lot of faith will bring heaven to your soul."
Angie I have 2 proms to prepare for! One is THIS Friday and I don't even know who's doing my hair and make up! So yes me :(
RT if you want to meet (:
I swear ever since I moved out of 's house I never use twitter.
What helps people, helps business. Leo Burnett
I'd like to see that! RT BREAKING NEWS: the cats do not like it when i do the "hammer horror" dance at them.
Every Rashad Evans fight is boring. Esp. since he got KTFO'ed by Machida. He's played things very safe since then.
The lucky one Is probably my new favorite Nichols sparks book <3
I miss you dear. Come back to me.
Wizards Guild tonight with ! No Cover. We open at 9.
SO that means im starting an early weekend
Me, too -- but where are they? Can you hear something I can't?
it's great! Thank you again so much! We need to get together soon! :)
Saddened by the attacks on Judge Sumi. She is a good, fair judge and preserved the status quo until she could hold a full hearing.
#YouMightBeAHoodratIf your mother has a gold nose ring and a 40 in her right hand inside a brown paper bag.
Going down town
Injure Toney in practice so he cant play. Do the team that favor. Dude cant shoot, and shoots too damn much. Brutal
is having to learn to expect the expected
Your time to shine Verizon. 4 DROID s down I better get a free I phone 10 am Thurs. Show me what you got!
How good can this figgy pudding really be?
eek! Sorry I'm not there! Call after work?
I don't know which airport I'm leaving from, but I do know I need to finish packing
it's actually the best thing for it. Just make sure you drink lots and lots of water!
starting at 3pm stokeberry hot wings! Buy a cold brew and mention you follow us on twitter and the wings are on me!
They've never said that... They are forever saying fuck.
Ladies come join us for the viewing of Basketball Wives Reunion pt2 at 8pm!
#nowplaying: What Makes You Beautiful - :-)
I just earned the True Yelper badge on #Yelp!
Just talking about this week though. Sure don't want to be anywhere near here in Winter!
thanks - following now (from a long time f guru subscriber)
I almost want it to be a Dodge Stratus, because of the old SNL sketch. I feel it would maximize hilarity.
I'm so sad. RIP Whitney. You're among many others that are "gone too soon". We'll miss you
When will we ever learn
Hello Zach!
wats good? What u got comin out?
excited to meet you at the #loveyou event! gonna be so much love on Thursday!
anything from Eef Barzelay. Currently going through my Clem Snide albums
Live music tonight with Kelly Riley. Starts at 7!
OK #histtech #art #twitterstorians & others: What's the earliest CONFIRMABLE date for use of a staple gun to stretch a painting canvas?
Us too-sad the season is over, but happy to reclaim the space RT Operation Christmas take down was a success today...whoohoo!
will get in lockstep and flame them for this? Not a chance. They are the biggest bunch of pussies in the world.
And Grossman says thank you! And holy fuck!
Let's purpose it to Pete and Talia! Jk, too scared
out of work
Bitch, imma shank you!
Apparently since today, I will be eating healthy. Hard Challenge but can't lose the job.
Happy Birthday fellow Taurean!
hi I was Just wondering if you were looking for a co owner?
Meeting time! Wish me luck :)
still wondering why she looks like that?
mine doesn't have that demo :/
I'm gonna fuck niggas ears up!
Even tho he can get on my nerves at time but thats still my bby
u gonna go to pre season SD game?
I'm holding on to something that use to be there, hoping it will come bak but knowing it won't.
AP Chem Exam
Waqtchn top 100 videos i member all des songs lmao
Thx for coming, hope to cu again soon! RT : Just finished nice early brunch in Now heading to BWI.
I haven't had quiche since I moved!! I need to get on that. I guess I'll have to make another trip to Boston...
American university interview!
Every song in Juno makes me so happy
where you from?
So I'm emailing prospects for interviews and have this strong urge to write "may the odds be ever in your favor" to close out the letters!
The sleeping schedule he made for us >> lol
RT : If you lost meds & need assistance with getting them replaced, go to a Red Cross Shelter.
There was now Rose and Noah injury this series. Bad news for the 76ers.
wings are going downn. it's the sharks year
Overhearing techies fight over seating at
Doing great thx! We haven't talked in awhile been so busy!
It's been a long week, but episode 2 is online. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, foryou will never go any higher than you think
Question for everyone: what is the one thing your spouse could do that would lead you to ask for a divorce?
"Hello Steve, my name is Bruce Banner. Did you order a pizza?" BOW CHIKKA WOW WOW
Please follow me!:D
hahaha you're the best!
presenting at Charlotte Chamber Survive and Thrive Mint Museum. Great presentation, thank you.
that's what they all say...
hey tony v don't pull an Amare 2 day I love the cafe
ya! hey!
Would take me 2 hours to get there one way! I think not.
RT : RT : #NLCAtlanta hosts Cocktails for a Cause this Thursday. You don't want to miss this great event...
I added a lil hip hop to one of your songs that I love "Crawl" It'd be fun someday to do a collab for real.
Thanks for mentioning me! :-)
well we tried and we were close to winning the #popoff :( but were still gonna get a ustream :D
I feel like a young business entrepreneur traveling so much! Heading back out to California for the weekend for class and training!Let's Go!
#IHate when my boyfriend leaves me in the morning :(
I'm amazed by how many grad applicants have 3+ undergrad transcripts! And from all over the place.
Thnx bro!... I'm always looking for new work. Want to expand my #freelancephotography mos definitely. Let me know...
Waiting for vasquez to finish doing the work so I could copy after. Yeeheeheesss!
you should come to my house(:
Going on the at WAMU in a minute or two to talk about the #VA #ultrasound legislation.
Preparing for the #RookieDebut, is meeting the PS Team:
#BlackFriday sale extended for the weekend! Grab a t-shirt before they're gone!
#FF Shout out 2 , 1persistant player, , 1 classy coach, , 1 good coach with too many b's & r's.
#NCAA tournament is always one fun time of year. These kids don't get paid and most of them don't make it to the NBA
On this Easter weekend pretty sure a world without chips & salsa would be called hell
Dropbox is a GREAT app!!! Also look at Auditorium and MobileNoter (if you have MS OneNote)
Guys when a girl says she doesn't want a present for any holiday, that's when you do buy her something really nice.... :/
to cute
Ellen finished and Annie's on the road!
I'm really protective about my family.
Will the #Yankees make it? 2K Sports Names Detroit Tigers’ Pitcher, Justin Verlander, as Cover Athlete for Major League Baseball® 2K12
So stoked Mad Magazine finally has an app in the newsstand store. Issues are way cheaper too. The lighter side of killing time!
Tomorrow on the history channel I'm watching the movie THE KENNEDYs.
yes. My dad had surgery today.
We will be partnered with our distributor soon!!!! Hop on Top everywhere!
not if they have to pay for EVERYTHING and more then 2 dudes are getting the box
Celebrity takeover going great! Esp love the pics is posting on
I will make the most if my life :)
Word Nikki. Rob is a cool interview.
Watching last season of Hell's Kitchen. I just can't get enough of Gordon Ramsey.....hehe
So glad to hear it! We're creating a zinc/titanium formula that will be available this season. Stay tuned for updates!
mai's...still dependably good. too bad prices have gone up.
We all have time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Others take us forward, they're called dreams.
Science Daily: Growing up on a farm directly affects regulation of the immune system, study
So true! > RT "The best characters have inner conflict and a major character flaw. But we love them anyway. #writingtip"
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary?
Oh Really. Lmao. Good Morning to You Girl.
I'm on my phone!!!! I'm using it as a light source!!!
what the?! you deserve a few cookies for that :)
More tweets!
right backatcha babe <U+2765>
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
Oh how I love Spotlight in Mac OS X Lion. I'd rip my hair out without it. And you don't want to see that.
New career services listing Urban Employ: Univ. of N. Alabama and Mary Baldwin College
Haha nah all good!! Over it.. We'll chill this summer!
4/11 Seeing & @ The Ark in Ann Arbor. If you're in the area, stop by!!
Love love love your riding boots, gorgeous inventory, much success in Great Neck, I lived there til age 16, lost the accent ThG!
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Gandhi
This weekend we are recording vocals and finishing the record! The time has finally come. It's going to blow you away, I can guarantee it.
Long time no see. Will see tonight.
hey shane!! Help me make a friends dream come true vote for her to win teen hoot! #thankssomuch! Love u!
kathleen parker says people want polarization not #civility -- people want biting heads off chickens maybe -- marketplace
Tell us about your day :)
why don't you lose weight and let black people live
I think I should be Arise's photographer. What do you think ?
She pulls double duty now, show before and after
Good moring Alex hope you have a good day
thx! I heard about that after signing up for Stampede. I'll be asking how it was...good luck :)
Time for scandal
RT : 30% of mobile advertisement viewers indicate they would base a buying decision on the ad they see.
excited! is our 1st verified follower. thx 4 the luv- hopefully u can join us @ the 3rd Beyond Borders: Diversity in Cannes forum!
R.I.P. Charlie Van Der Beek. James' little brother.
Ohh nice :) New clothes?
Andre im boredd .
I probably do know someone named bill Yates
Q4)follow those outside your "comfort zone", you never know what you might learn
. yep is about to get to that point with
#VMware - Who do you know that is technically proficient in #CLT, #Charlotte --
Yay! Braxton Family Values is 1 of my new fave shows! Some parts remind me of my sisters lol, 3 of us! :D RT : ...Dido
ah i thought she might have kicked the team out of the league or something
lol, one of those meac jobs would be nice. I'd love to get in the CIAA
Seth Smith is on Fire
I thought that was a type of frijolés. Lol.
Just downloaded Instagram. Why didn't I jump on this sooner?
i like natural peanut butter, the kind that you have to stir.
Hey!! I just noticed you made it to the top 20. I will for sure vote for you again!!
now romeo and juliet bet they never felt the way we felt bonnie and clide never had to hide like we do..we do(:
if you got some extra trucks laying around all I got are decks now
“I will advocate to improve the quality of life for our community members. We must develop programs and offer opportunities to first time...
7pm tonight Broadcasting a Big Time Big North Hockey battle between Wayne Valley and Northern Highlands on MSG VARSITY!!!!
good question..yeah seems that area is a dead zone..i always have to lock to the fence next to lovely bake shop
Boozer just shut your fucking mouth! U had this series to show u can step up and be a leader! Yet you couldn't even put the team on ur back
I no longer rush through life. I let go of my ego, and relax and savor each moment. I know everything I want is on it's way to me.
ain't that the sad truth j/k cuz. You know I love you(r) momma lmao
Blasting Dubstep Playing Links Awakening.
Dribble with the Suns contest by on its 53rd? hour. Guys dribbling for a road trip for 2 days straight
tomorrow!!! Cannot wait!! #totalBandGeek #Percussionist<3
Niggas still got flip phones?
thank u for that Laurie!
I think the Heat gave it all they had left in em, Blah, Blah,Blah....
had one I believe. RT : Does anyone have a recipe for a good ginger cake? Little bit of spice but still sweet?
We're glad you loved the food AND the place! See you again soon. RT : I especially loved the atmosphere!
yo when do u fly home this week? I just landed in DC for meetings. Staying at our house this weekend.
Just got to the battles with the crew stay tuned im goin tell yall more
Hey! Let me know how the #ProjectAcceptance pieces look after you get them tonight? #pleaseandthankyou :)
HA!!! Yes 100% my fault there. :-( I am ashamed.
it does happen to be made of rice krispy treats so I don't think it will get very far under its own power...
I have no idea, but they were sweet jeans!
I'm gonna go outside tomorrow & take a picture from that same angle so you can compare the shape of the trees, I can make u a believer<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
RT Hello! I am in Boston. I use twitter to learn and network with educators.
I wish my high school would have had Jamming my shoulder pads into a small locker became a daily geometry problem.
Just second guessed Aron Ralston's pulley technique from my couch, after enjoying dinner with an adult beverage.
Freaky Friday the 13th: Risk returns to market | eastdenverlacrosse ...
its amasin, plus you don't want to be on the wanna be cool team with and #hifi >
You're already #1 on the iTunes comedy album chart. Bet it feels good.
I love TEOG video. Just when you think you know her she goes and does something simple and beautiful.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook men who cause they been writing to you for a year or more, act like they know you...& don't know how to act!
20 Piece McDonald's Nuggets > Denver Nuggets
I can totally see that
Apparently last night, at least one of my cats had some party that involved scattering tea bags on the basement stairs.
Just saw Cabin In The Woods and I was happy I went in spoiler free! Fun movie & there were only 4 other people in the theatre.
Taking some BO-BERRY BISCUITS to my meeting with Obama today y'all! Thought it might distract him from eating my POODLE!
Welcome to CostCo. I love you.
>>>> Waking up to 20 emails not knowing if they are good news, bad news, or neutral news
I'm only gonna break your heart.
whats the link i got u righ now
IF THIS CHILD DNT GET UGH!!!!!!!! TWEET WATCHIN A**
Happy Birthday!!! Wish you the best! Love your music!
Time for apush review session!
eternal sunshine
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0487
We trainers sometimes lack motivation too. It's about balance. Yesterday fun 7-mile run and strength work. Today? Still pondering...
Three day weekend for many! What are your plans?
glass. bottle. I'm not judgin' ;) ^ag
Black lights are magnificent.
Superintendent Kowba's report is back to its low-key format. No dire warnings of pending doom today. At least not yet
Wtf 106 & park? Who the hell in they right mind finna take fashion advice from rosci ol tired non dressing ass!!
We are setting up for our CPS TBRI® training at Will Rogers - deep in the heart of cowtown. We can't wait to meet our participants!
Madison tweeted me. AAAHHHH SJAIEGB FIRST TIME I WAS EVER TWEETED BY ONE OF THE BOYZ EEP
Err...an Asian woman. Not just an Asian.
I'm telling you, with better script, better actors, better editing and better music, this could be a great movie.
word is born.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
Eating A Star Crunch Doe , Aint Had One Of These Ina Minute .
Turkish Airlines (THY), a carrier of Turkey, selected the International Aero Engines AG V2500 SelectOne™ engine to power its A320 aircraft.
Well, I'm sitting next to an Ouija board that my suitemates bought, so it's possible. I'll do my best to stay alive. :P
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote for Ross today!
blue balls is not a myth...the #sfgiants have it.
you better be ready to get wasted
#traveltip always pack a carry on with a change of outfit! Do not allow this to leave your side or go under the plane!
Most memory you can afford. Wifi-only unless your experience says you often need it when you do not have easy access to wifi.
This man keep calling me from jail like everyday
Big double through CL with slow played AsA I raise turn all in and somehow fade js8s on ts8x4s7x #bcpc 1.4m pot
then we shall chat :)
Why do I say "Lmfao and then say ahahahah..."? Makes no sense
Does it smell awkward in here?
At the Grindhouse!!! It's about to go down!!! Let's get it!
2nd Annual College of Medicine Art show is set for March 6 - 8. Pretty excited to see some of the works that will be on display.
at least I'm not the only one. I feel lame feeling guilty when others take time off willy-nilly with not a care in the world
haha I rather watch degrassi then secret life. #sike its all about jersey shore
If not there's about to be some proobbzzz...
We're going CRAZY in here! : I was ROCKIN PRINCE Go Crazy on way to work!!! Thanks for the Awesome 80's Start to my day!!”
The only thing that might redeem this is that they could be re-purposed sweater sleeves. Though that's not the case...
Brent Amaker's not happening :(
Thanks so much for the follow,B&B! You've inspired us to think about a morning after offering!
wtf is my heater on cause its hot as fuck in here.
Are all three of you coming to play next weekend?! And maybe and ?!
bout to go out here and finish
Pockets full of hundreds off zero's bills paid but gotta fat jaw I'm all bad...
Ricardo, you're blowing up my phone! Every time I sit it down, it vibrates again! You retweet to much(: just kidding(: hah!
Check out our partnership this month! get 5% of our sales on Wednesdays. Come in today!
you're a Charleston guy right? 15 UK'ers in town for Bridge Run, staying @ Follybeach -good UK gathering spot post run party?
Looking for a CPA...
Hmm... I'm up for a valentines date.
RT : thank you for highlighting American exceptionalism!
heart cafe 37 was amazing! Gotta go there soon!
I play with Lefty Flip on Guitar Hero... And I'm right-handed. My life is a lie. o.o
So effing bored!!!!!
Yep, my humans do that!
We're sure the people who run animal shelters wouldn't mind finding another line of work if it meant every pet had a loving home!
Goodnight everyone:D
"lol. True. Very true."
Yay for dessert first! En route to Molly Moon's.
I just got hissed at by a goose. I should have punted the audacious cocksucker for shitting all over the sidewalk.
If u see reporter at #NASPA12, give her a cookie. She's surviving on peanuts from the Sheraton bar.
UK or Louisville? That is the question.
And you'd really have to make a case for the rest of the them. Leonard is suffering from mental illness!
When he told me i was his everything. I believed him.:/
Dr Gloria on the importance of beautiful architecture in public service - "you walk in there, you're walking into my mortgage."
My granddad is lieing his ass off lol he 2 funny he cant lie
Wish I was good enough to take my tallent any wear in the world
Everyone's in tight bikinis in FL for the spring!!!!!!!!!!!111
That plaid sports coat! Those curtains!!
I have a 24 page packet for algebra and I'm only on page 12. Did I mention it was due tomorrow? Procrastination at its finest.
Always nice when these guys want to come to UK. Makes Coach Cal's job easier lol.
I'll keep you warm while dancing in the downpour.
awww.. this made me smile!
carrying on in your honor.nudes come next.
I got things to say alright you son of a biscuit eating bulldog!
get my other car tomorrow.
yes I did hunniie. How about yu?
patent trolls live under bridges made of money, given Rovi's trajectory
OUP up next
Logic board replacement in Macbook Air complete. Machine ready for pickup. w00t! I'm 2-for-2 on MBAs needing new logic boards… buyer beware
#love socializing and hanging at bars. Meet so many people.
please follow me :)
Can't wait to see it! SQUEE!!
Everytime I text "ah!" it autocorrects to "Annuity!!" Not that those aren't so exciting too.
Heh, thank you. Fingers crossed, I guess.
the 4 guys that got kicked out last night were about 25 years old and were just drunk idiots (not in timbers gear)
My job have serious breakfast tacos. M. Lol.
please stop spamming my mentions i don't do twititons unless I have too sorry
thats awesome, hes in birmingham this weekend
your new pic is really throwing me off.
Parents! Time is running out for you to choose your school for the fall. DPS is now taking apps for Spain, Ben Carson H.S, Burton &...
happy birthday bro!
": #MentionTo your friend who's a big fan of " ME! & <3.<3
you can't make this shit up!
Maybe if you guys played real rules. Non of those Cardinal Rules
Kim Kardashian is not allowed to get a divorce until I finish watching her wedding on my Tivo. Oh Hollywood, I would nvr fit into your land.
I am not, we just happen to be visiting the same places today
Done with making the #thatcampphilly schedule! Whew...huge task, fun but intimidating! You all have great ideas!
Coolest searches on Munchables? Someone from SUNY Geneseo, another from Chicago & a few from Indiana.
If you're at #Dodger stadium right now, head to the food section and get a #dodgerdog!
“: Vote Louisville No. 2.” Agreed!!
r u home ?
Thanks, Allan. #FF back at you. :)
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS A.S.A.P
haha shopping is great. (: that's good! x
Bitches think they know everything, shid how do I make it out of life alive?
If you could cure one disease or make a dramatic change for a cause, what would it be?
choo choo! RT Hey! We () signed to rise! New lp next year! Self released 7" in aug. Ride the fun train!
#NBAPlayOffs what a come back from phi lets go phi fuck boston
HOW COULD U AND MCKAYA DO THIS! i relly liked shane and now he dumped me cause of this fricken rumor!!! wow thnx alot :*(
Thanks for being a fan of out show!
Newlywed couple doing make out photos on 48th street and fifth avenue couldn't have chose a busier spot
You arnt a regret or a mistake, your a memory, my past and I will remember you in my future, you have effected my life for good
“: I HATE bitches who hate me for no reason, at least have a valid reason. #notstressing #fuckbitches” word.
have fun, and don't get into any bodies (of water) during a lightening storm!!!
No school today!!
I'm bossy but I keeps it cute.
Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
I'm a germaphobe. If you're like me, these are some places where you might want to take extra precaution
It's 3am and can't sleep. Going to be a fun and exciting Monday at this rate
I'm great. Where have you been?
i keep qettinq weird calls and weird friend requests on fb
yep sure do but if I didn't lol but first now is to see packers play in every stadium
3,361 tweets seems awfully high for someone that not long ago was VERY twitter judgmental! ;-)
TONIGHT! CLUB LIQUID W/ AT ALSO PERFORMING LIVE: TC & SASS BAND! *FREE COVER* AGES 21+ | 2432 W Colorado Ave
Great music as always! Thank you!
Lol u know I absolutely adore you! RT : All these girls turned me down when I needed a date to the prom :'(
Is it necessary to hover a blimp directly over my house at 11 at night?..
Freakin dub-step makes me want to drive like a maniac!
I know, it just never gets old
RT : NFL Owners are so bad at this, you'd assume that they actually did let Donald Trump in
Love you like a love song baby <3 This song is amazing.
Hi Chad. Are you available for a quick 10 min tour of our Art Galleries app? Would love to show you here at
Lord Jesus, Protect Me From This Crazy Girl !
no we leave tonight for nc. Never stop moving bro. Gotta grind
8 more days till school ends and I'll be freshman next year so excited :)
I hate not being able to celebrate in a non-Giants dominated area :( :(
I told em i stay on that 5 like Abrahm lincoln hahah!!
there's not another man that can do what i can
Happy Thanksgiving guys!! :)
..when words fail music speaks?
Poor Klesla, always gets hurt.
I was productive today! I joined foursquare. :o) Hopefully I'll get the blog started too!
+7000 have tuned in from around the world so far for livestream of the Summit in #Chicago...join us online!
tweet tweet
The family has a sweet new addition with the opening of Blossom Bakery in Chelsea. 174a Ninth Avenue.
Looking forward to the WorldatWork Total Rewards 2012 event in Florida!
Fucking A. Nor does donating sperm make you a father. Takes real men and women to raise kids HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
i know x{
are you going to be at the house when I come down?
April 12th at the Redmoor Theatre in Mt Lookout (east side). Early show from 7:30-10:30. Swanky in there you would prob enjoy.
Trying to nap but being unsuccessful is so annoying. I don't get itt
Check out these Chelsea galleries that are part of Frieze NY!! Chelsea Night from 6-8pm and 26th Street pARTy from 6-9pm!
i really hope i dont do the same thing to this guy that i do with most guys...
The Most Powerful Force Is What I Say To Myself and I Believe!
why? Is it wrong to do so? He's just being nice lol
I dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im y... no fuck that i just dont give a fuck at this point
ZZ Top of the Muffin.
Um... I ate almost an entire bag of candy corn. Yikes.
i know like one or two songs but i guess i'll see them!
lmao no but I have had to watch an awkward sex scene on the tv when he was present
hahahhaa Beiber came on stage looking like Harry Potter lmao!!!!
We should be choosing righteousness above all, not taking advantage of repentance.
it's happy hour somewhere!
*cough* #goodidea *cough* RT What if we had a play that was *all* dream ballet?
When my mom tells me I cant I out unless my teacher emails her & tells her I was in class.<< TF? You're funny. Hahaha
#iloveobamacare because my 21 year old daughter doesn't have to pay three times what I do for insurance because she's on my policy.
New Costume Sexy S.w.a.t Womens Costume
Awe u are just so cute <3
Congrats Ryan Braun #mlb play ball!
Greetings Do you accept submissions to Integrated Catholic Life? I wrote a Lenten reflection: Fast from Fear, Feast on Trust.
thanks for the RT!
Official Tax Masters Twitter account. Follow us for tax tips and important IRS and company news.
Just like your eyes or your hands, you only have two feet. Respect them!
Monday. That's all I got. :)
they playin 2 today? I swear I saw where UF won 7-3. Talking UK right? Have I had too much bourbon again!
RT“: Sen Health Com will vote 2day on Fed mandate 2 lift cap on Family Care program for seniors, it wasn't my idea.”
Men's Soccer match has been postponed until 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Happy 4th of July.... Have a great day.
Omfg! I really need to get a new iPod, mine gets stuck all the time, can u believe that it even doesn't have camera!! :(
the skies were filled with fire
Jessica Alba spotted at a number of places in DC yesterday and today!
the board is loaded with options....take a safe one with a shot to win and lots of Ks :)
r6 there's no point in having a bike that will do 190 especially around here. This will do 160 no prob though
lmfao fail on my end -____- disregard the previous reply.
newly admitted students for 2012-2013 would submit their housing applications in March/April 2012.
I love it when you see guys out and they try and act like bad ass's then u c their tweets and they sound like fuckin pussys
It's position specific (tackles highest), but the new collective bargaining agreement bases on a rolling five year average.
I no right so how's your day been you a fun person to talk to
Come join us today and bowl in air conditioned comfort.
I hear the words “I’m too old” from several of my clients. This excuse is only our fear trying to stop us from changing and growing.
RT RT "Of all the forms of inequality, injustice in healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane." ~Dr. MLK Jr
yooooooo homie :) you still need an iPod?? If you do I got an iPod touch 3g brand new for 220 just saynn ;) lol
:( its not fair
so today is 5-11-12 BEST DAY OF MY BESTFRIENDS LIFE THANK YOU (:
P.S. Visual.ly is GREAT!
whats good fam... thanks for the support... lets get it
Just dropped you a note ...
Agreed. If the speaker is good enough to handle/remember. Another reason to sufficiently practice huh?
#councilmanAmador driving around the #Ironbound all mad and red as a pepper...chill mAmador Man! Enjoy the sunshine!
so sexy
merry Christmas, follow mee..
I don't love country that much however I adore blake on #thevoice. He is so darn cute!
Good god the #RedWings are puttin on a clinic for unreal no look passes for easy goals. This is the Detroit we all know and love.
where is it being held at, im lookn to hear some dope production
Twestival is April 30th @ Boulder Brooks Landing, 955 Genesse St. $10 @ the door including drink tix starting @ 6p. Should be a great time.
note to new models: Listen to the professionals!- agents,scouts,stylists, photographers... they know what they are doing.
What do you think is the most important question to ask someone in an interview for a teaching job?
He really should stop telling the truth. Take a page from RafaRT I am very likeable." LMAO Fed, this is what gets you in trouble.
Thanks for following back! I'm a huge fan...seriously. I wish I had a Woodchuck right now!
$2 fudge stripe cookies at Duane Reade are my new go-to for spending money I shouldn't on my groups
AITE SO IF YOU FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER AND I DONT FOLLOW YOU BACK I REACHD A FOLLOW LIMIT SO JUS KEEP FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW MORE PEOPLE
I just took money out of an ATM for the first time in my life.
people will go farther than thier words on twitter. It had its time, and it was good, just disappointing seeing how
Beiber=Team Money
And there are so many different series! And the modern Avengers members include Wolverine, Spider-Man, Beast, Mr Fantastic
7am and I'm at the library. This should be a very productive Monday
I've totally done that before.
Congrats 2 Andrae Nelson, named SIAC Basketball Player of the Week! See him play 2nite when Morehouse hosts Benedict @ 7:30 in Forbes Arena
Day 2 starts with dunkin donuts and painkillers...PAX East round 2!
I WENT M.I.A BUT NOW IM BACK AGAIN
#DC! Want to see the #TDKR Tumbler & Bat-Pod in person? is bringing it to the city on May 27th!
need more sleep!!
RT "It is important to our friends to believe that we're unreservedly frank w/ them & important to friendship that we're not"
Wonder how far my car can go on fumes...
one day I will meet ;)))
Help make it happen for Winter Film Awards on
Hot today! can't you guys wait till August?
Likewise! Looking forward to following - let me know next time you see a great event coming up? Could be great to connect
Check out TreeBaltimore's great new website for information on the urban canopy, planting projects, and upcoming green events. . ....
I knew Darcy needed to be fired b4 season started
O YEA IS THT GOOD
Went to Mt Rainier. What a beautiful day & so much snow. Slowed down our hiking a bit, but beauty well worth it
That liner by Ramirez gets caught if the Brewers are wearing their blue softball tops. Not kidding.
How lovely, Shemar Moore is trending..now that is one FIIIIINNNNE brother!!
There is always next season...
RT “: The McRib is vaguely shaped like ribs... just as those who choose to eat it are vaguely shaped like people.”
Hey Philly, where's a great dinner spot in Center City for families? Old friends are in town and want to show of our city. /cc
Fitzgerald + Floyd = Uh oh!
But, y'know, the short version is still "I'm not dead, book's not done."
thats awful! i'm so sorry!
Tis my pleasure, dearest. Through and through.
Very nice. Thanks.
haha, when will this guy learn to not lose them in the first place!
is queen of the world!
What band’s songs do you know so well you could fill in for the sound guy?
you should. The crate is to scale so that you can better understand the 27 hour long trip.
I love the Nuts and Bolts columns, l look foward to them every month!
Hope everyone is having a GREAT afternoon and spending time with family.
Pretty sad when valet guy remembers you from last visit @ San Luis Resort. I don't think they call that "sad", Amy
Humber's perfect game follow-up not going so well.
oops supposed to be "man without a country" great movie w Cliff Roberton about man banished to ship and they censored anything bout USA
Farmer's Menu Entree special, this weekend ONLY-Grilled Hanger Steak w/Mary's Garden Collards, Turnip Puree & Onion Gravy. 404.681.4434
To quote my least favorite actor, "I'll be back." xox
only u hope so smh. keep it on the field please...
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
I have yes. you are so amazing.
don't listen to Reade. He's notorious for pulling these kinda scams. Go ask Ron Tonkin.
- I'm early. Enjoying the weather (& a lunchable) at city hall. See you in a bit!
thanks, I'm in class now, were about to get our tests back. This is always the more nerve-racking part.
Soon bitch
Our awesome in-kind sponsors! Monumental Vending, Brandvizion, Emerson Glenn, Sport & Health
Nice to wake up to on the radio talking about web comics on !
Can't get enough of our homemade spaghetti sauce? We now have jars on sale at the restaurant for only $3.99.
Watching bread and tulips and see someone who reminds me of Isabella Costella ah il mio più caro amico
Soo glad the #Oscars are live at 5p on the West Coast. It's the only way to do it. Take note
:thank you :) have a great thursday! x
Lick my toes so ik it's real <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
you get this life thing!
Thank you!!!
Done and done. And now to celebrate
I like Nightwish, Within Temptation, Epica, a bunch of others too! Yes, I have a symphonic rock/metal band!
Whens the last time you went to work and said "Did you watch Carson last night?" Bravo, American Masters & PBS.
Happy National Beer Day! What are you drinking in celebration?
wants to talk about Linux labs...what does everyone else say?
Working out the last bits on a new song for the CD.
my niigggaaaa. Did u get me a bad of condoms?? Hahaha
I just ordered a Follow Focus for my 7d.. Exciting!!
I think he just fell from heaven.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :)
definitely the best cuban food on the beach with cool people!
I couldn't agree with you more. I'm tired of people, sply close frnds, txtg instead of picking up the phone.
Still aint gone drink much for a ehile tho cant handle a three day hangover EVER again
We don't know the tweeple behind this wisc. small business, but we love their social media personality.
Open Jam Tonight- All Musicians Drink at Happy Hour Prices All Night!
We got Spring Breakers invading the beaches!
Life #Art chyeahh!
Your responses to tweets are so nice, polite & thoughtful! Positive & upbeat -they make me smile!
I'll be in West Palm/ Boca this weekend and will be back Sunday evening. Evening shoot? Or Mon AM?
will do!! Thanks
#layover Montreal last night was good. drunk ride in back of little truck was hilarious
are u in town to talk about the ban?
Back in the studio after a nice trip to Dallas to see an old friend. Re-connected with Article One band while in the Dallas area also.
damn. thats so early! did you write about memories or future?
I mean females in general
S/O to all of my new followers thanks for following me!!
What's going to be the best part of your day?
Not in the mood to deal with bratty kids today.
My friends and I are ver crazy hahahahahahaha! And my ouncle.
50 Shades of Gray : Twilight :: Counter-Strike : Half Life - True? 50 Shades = total conversion mod?
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con', what is the opposite of 'progress'? ~ Paul Harvey
Avvo and LexBlog Unveil New Legal Marketing Report
yeah you been had hair for a while now why the cut
They () want to defeat Bob Filner. I'll be voting for Bob!
Just saw #theavengers which one would u be? I think I would want to be the black widow or thor... I like the lightening thing... :)
"Slut!" "What?!" "Oh good, you know your name"
You got your <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> your rocking' in my <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099> you got the <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BB> on you're <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4> every <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
// Thanks for the mention! We train in Sina Tirsia Wali Kali in DC.
i'm Regina i'm 12 years & you're the Best and my favorite DJ!<3
but it's so punny!
When It was recess the boys were tossing the baseball ball lol they were tossing it with a teacher outside when the teacher tosses it to one
Just chilling. and u? :)
Trust is a small word with a big concept.
Good Morning Early Birds!!! Grindtime Baybee!!! Yeah Buddy
Interview: 'Connect professionals from across the globe'
The Behind the Music was epic.
thank you!!!
Deplaning, slowly but surely
Thanks for seconding my emotion!
Hello Denver! We sold out pretty early today. See you at 9am tomorrow!! We love you!!
I love my pink cake!
Congrats to the SEPTA 48 for winning Pennsylvania Lottery's Powerball! Lucky ducks.
Sit, be still, and listen, because you're drunk and we're at the edge of the roof.” <U+2015> Rumi
Out to do laundry . :l
picked the #Rangers to win the West. Oh no! Poor #Rangers!!!
Does anyone make icons cuz I need a new one
it's the worst app ever, performance-wise.
In need of some margaritas...
hi chaaady! How are ya! Been preoccupied!
awe thanks H-ster
hi Cindy!!! I'm awesome! So nice to find you!!!
I do love toothaches...
*boyfrend comes late to date* hey baby girl: where were you? boy: busy lets eat *10 mins l8er, cellphone vibrates* boy: gotta go
Thank you! “: I'm madly in love w/ every1 I work with. ”
Watching NASA
cause everybody don't werk tha same!
I miss my mom, dad, brpthers and my lil sis!!!!!!!!!!
Good eye! I was just on my way to lunch in the Union. Meeting up with the rest of the gang.
One day you're gonna look back at your tweets and say, "TF was I thinking?"
"Is that plum and red?!
no prob babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Digital Immortals just kicking off
What did you think? Can we count on seeing you in here again?
Riveting episode! MT“: Tune into NBC for Brian Williams' exclusive intv w Obama & National Security team re Bin Laden raid."
you can't drive yet eh?
I just want to feel important to someone.....
Happy birthday to the raddest lady I know, !
New Text editors always come with some form of Vim mode for key bindings, but design tools rarely come with Photoshop mode. This is KEY.
I never want to work, I'm such a lazy cunt.
THIS! RT And be sarcastic back, playfully! >> RT People who understand sarcasm >>>
we are looking for a guitarist and a vocalist hit us up if you wanna try out!must have your own gear and transportation
Love it!
doesnt matter Paul! Its still weird!
Someone's playing the cello down the hall. I live in the most talented dorm, one day it's guitar in the laundry room and now this. Beautiful
Thanks for the twitter love Atlanta!!!
Thanks to "We The People" over at KLAV for having me on the show last night
Day no.2 of #gabf starts now! With Angelo from and Dave from
You love me , now love me back.
Thank you. Could you follow us back please!
Joshua blew the doors off. Jessica's a superstar. But whose album would I really listen to? Phillip's. It's all what speaks to you.
to dilver another shoe machine for my shoe factory then it done in me that it wasn't afternoon but the morning of my dream
New Year's eve $50 per head partial proceeds to benefit the Embrace Girls' Foundation. See facebook Roderick D Vereen for Congress 2010
Nothing like a nice Rioja to warm you up & get the blood flowing for #WineWednesday. $10 off all bottles today (& every Wed!)
yes soon
Boise State didn't impress me last night against La Tech. I believe trouble looms against Fresno St., Nev. and Idaho.
Happy 2012 to you. May you be healthier, wiser and have more fun than ever.
Lol so another niqqa got caught with weed at my school...
I'm making brownies too! They are almost done.
I hate when that happens! RT : A perfectly good sandwhich was wasted by me biting my lip 8 times
Discounted parking + drink specials + world-class jazz + no cover + no drink min = best Thurs night plans in the city!
RT Tweeting today from symposium on climate change and human evolution hosted by the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory
Why is that you can always read a doctor's bill but never his prescription?
February is tackle the extra bedroom month. Would be easier to put a dumpster under the window and throw everything out said window.
on repeat
Well, I suppose this was inevitable given the wind: power just went out.
yes true u r right !
: yeah I know, I can't wait either
Setting up teacher iPads...they are so excited...they can't wait to get hold of them!
monkeys!! o(e,e)o <<< does that look like a monkey?
Oh. Maybe if I had included some information in my test form earlier, the notification would have come through with information in it. Hm.
So close to 3,000followers anyone want to help ;)
Can't wait for March! We have orders galore :)
tired vibes
I need coffee. And a snack. My energy is low
I find sex to be a VERY personal thing. I do not discuss it either.
what's up with drew and TMAC? Why isn't he getting any playing time?
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. Buddhist Proverb
Soapbox moment: if you want something for nothing, don't stick your hand out......GTFO!!!
RT : There's only three colors that are perfect to green. Orange and blue.
any rails casts captioned or subtitled?
What about Dress Barn? ;)
Supporting Actors Needed for Action Movie
pimp stroll on em'
Today in 1987, Kylie Minogue, Australian soap star turned pop star, hits #1 in Australia with "The Loco-motion".
Gaslamp B-ball Fans! Hooters and Whiskey Girl will open at 9am tomorrow for the #SDSU game! #March Madness
All you guys UNFOLLOW me I don't give a fuk .|. :$
Proud to be the beauty expert today on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show @ 9:00am! Tune in for our Summer Skin Series for the next 4 Monday's!
no they're not.. I heard they actually suck... Ngl
The 5 year old girl next door knocked so loudly on the door, I about fell out of my chair!
nice game winning shot Kobe! Oops I mean Derek Rose MVP
hey georgiaa. Sorry you didn't win. There was so many great entries & it was so hard to narrow it down to only 2..
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.-- William Wordsworth
I just finished meeting with He's one of the young guys I mentor. PTL for people like Adam who are eager to learn!
Be the best. Don't know what tht is? Consider your Source. Pursue all things fm w/in & know tht YOU are the best U tHt has ever lived.
Childhood memories fading… RT : Where the Wild Things Are author Maurice Sendak has died at the age of 83. R.I.P.
last night's episode got me furious about that announcement u made.
Surprise, surprise. Now I just have to keep my mouth shut while he's here.
I read that. That was a nice article u wrote!!!!
Was saying I'm biased, being a fan of Agree with where you had them, Buster.
I always have lunch with my Dad at Hamilton's!
Makin it rain
Jeter 3000, family in NY happy. Braves about to beat Phillies. All is right w/baseball today.
What"s Good and ?
A4) Naked means natural so I'm going with olive oil and some fresh ground pepper as my condiments
<----On The Road To Fame
Just sing, baby.
it it really HARD getting noticed by u buy if u see this (which I know wont happen) please follow me(:
Things my friends say "#fact even if your sideline knows about your girlfriend she still going to fuck you "
#TimothyMcVeigh was a patsy working for the US Gov't.
We have a Full Service #Barber & Shoe Services. Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland 510 8321100 just pop in!
watching your espn special praise the lord! VIRGIN CLUB! America needs more boys like Tim Tebow <U+2764>
I Just Sented A Link Bro
RT if you actually made it through Lent without Twitter like they said they would lol
um....maybe? I wanted to go to the park with you Chris and Alfredo... Mom gave me the idea lol would we still be able to?
I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution. ~Wernher von Braun
Happy Halloween everyone!
It's going to be amazing! #RaidTheWarehouseRT : Looking forward to the Warehouse preview tonight!
I am getting tired of surreptitiously attaching location data to my posts.
follow me so I can dm you my number lady
its painful lol
Dear Jesus, help this man get what he needs. Thank you.
I guess I can handle one loss every calendar year.
So proud of our girls! Awesome performance Nighthawks !
excited for our screening of Hard Silence Silencio Fuerte at the DGA tonight.
HELL YA BADGERS
**is all alone** V.V
Josh Hamilton.
Who ya play??
hah agreed, i think the word "native" invoked "indigenous" for me.
Bearcat Lady Lax will be in Bmore starting this THURS w/ games on FRI & SUN. Wanna come over 4 team dinner on 3/29?
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!
ask her for me! Be like Wendy wants to know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Everyone complaining that they have work. I'm complaining how I don't got a job .
Great introduction for the Steelers....Black and Yellow!!!!!!!
#WhitneyCNN Is this the other part of "Trapped in the Closet"!?
I want a Reese's
You coming down for the San Diego VMUG on the 22nd? <<- Think you should.
I think I'm turning in to a girlie girl not I will always be a Tom boy not going to lie
Johns Sandwich Shop on North is super yummy! Now craving that for lunch :) hehe
I love how Ariana tweets people who are sleeping & then shes like watch their reaction in the morning!
Thanks, very excited. We'll see you at the new place soon enough.
Another pair of boots with holes.
just told me the drink I made tastes like the inside of a Warhead. Hmm? I guess if you like Warheads that's a win?
Then they put I'm 1/24th Mexican an Dominican . Like who the fuck cares?!
I had to take my little lady to the doctor and what are y'all doing???
I sipping(: I'm visiting my sister for her graduation(: can you give her a shoutout and follow me?
happy new year from INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING - publishers of BUZZ and GABRIEL'S TRUMPET in 2011 - DIFFERENT to be out soon in 2012
Start at Gamestop next week.
"Her jowly, mottled face with its thick, red nose is streaked with interlacing, purple veins."- CHRIS CHRISTOPHERSEN
Sometimes I close my eyes and pretend I'm on a roller coaster...that honks
come to aj bombers tonight
I have an obsession with scarfs. <3
If you don't have time to purchase your ticket for the Youth Football Fundraiser online today don't fret! Tickets will be avail at the door.
Hahaha wow okay Ashley, I see you!
is that after 'the giving pledge'?
ohh well i looked it up and ODE OF Them popped up
Combine Store Visits! Only 4 Blocs Away From Each Other! Cntct Us For S.O.S.!
if anyone is in the los altos area please go help Dre flier car show event that is happening right now.
'I thought you were a girl' best quote of night!
Parade is starting!!, Twitpic a photo of me & my driver, , at the Pewaukee parade & win a $10 Starbucks gift card.
Thank you radio! is #38 on the Billboard Rock/CHR charts for next week!
I was shocked when I got it. I didn't think it would be so nice. Both the products and the cosmetic bag are great
you're incredible! Enjoy your Mother's Night :) & your Nook ;)
I've always enjoyed the design and beauty of henna. It's always a shame that for the time and intricacy, it doesn't last.
...about where they will choose to land, what they will choose to believe, who they will choose to be.
yo, what time we goin to zingers?
: thanks!! HOPE you are enjoying your weekend!
Completing The Step To Oracle Migration
the world is a song your heartbeats the rhythm your soul sings the melody
the fat brown fox hopped over the tired dog.
Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith in Jesus Christ, even as we have believed in Jesus Christ . .
Thank God I went to college, otherwise I would not know about #semiotics, and that has come up A LOT.
Love !! You and are awesome vocalist! Harmony is on point!!
Clark Kent. Pilot. Scarecrow scene. ;)
Your intro to backbone.js session is getting a ton of interest. Want to schedule it in one of tomorrow's slots?
License all valid all year, carry on... Business as usual! Grab ur gun powder & ur musket!
#Facebook outage?
JUST THROW IT IN THE BAG......
Working on new website design for client. Will post the domain name as soon as its ready.
"Oh you're one of those dudes?" says edan as he cuts up a nico song funky
I have glitter from my friend's poster all over me! -_- & it wont come off!:o lol,but hey no more worrying about glitter,lol.c:
Getting some work saturday most of that money going to a new eye exam + contacts... My contacts getting old & burning Dx
Stream works now. That's Android for ya.
Suck my Dick! There's the #3Words I was thinkin! LoL
#ff Worship leader new
On my way to the top
snap peas
I feel like .... I have another kids recital tonight. :)
*tips hat* to the champions of FSR
did you know that WI AG VanHollen is an Ole? Saw him on LinkedIn a fellow alum.
What videos are you guys watching? We try and track what is trending online so help us out!
I know congrats!! and good I was there today but couldn't stay to watch you's :(
DUDE!!!!! why arent u following me ? (;
my votes are for u guys!!!!
Alayna Jo-anne .. My heart & soul I miss you so ..
The 49ers are going to be alright next season
My chairdancing to ELO and Elton John is going unappreciated.
Want to be an overnight success? Do the work. Every day. for a long time.
I'm like a goddamn travel ninja with how cheap I travel.
#BelieberAreAliensBecause We are too flawless to be human and our love for Justin is out of this world :)
Just confronted an idiot who was running down the escalator, weaving in between people. He may think again next time, but I doubt it. :-(
If U c the vet convention, say "Hi!" to my brother! If u c a man who looks like me, call out Brian and c if it is him - LOL!
Yes, we mean it familia: The world is one big ass soup!
MKELive All Stars Thanks for the RT's this week! KELive All Stars!
me trying to make a gif = fail
Back from the Ho-Chunk Pow wow. Excellent weekend drafting resolutions,
when I was (say) 12, I knew what 12 year olds looked like, and what 16 year olds looked like.
gross my love
yes ma'm ....your could get it ;)
Happy Friday:best books
21 years later and I still don't understand a damn word of what Cobain is singing in "Smells Like Teen Spirit."
Don't blame God for creating the tiger, thank him for giving it no wings. ~ Indian Proverb
you're more than welcome! I'm so happy you all came!
holy fucking fuck. If a catagory five hurricane hit's Florida...the land where i live would go underwater.....
Over this.
The last thing Tulsa needs right now is a visit from Al Sharpton, but alas he's coming.
I hope this week flies by .
we work with all types of co's. our main target is school based, hence the marketing, however we do businesses, musicians, etc!
Guys lets stop using 'shedding' and just go back to saying 'practicing'. Cool?
"logarithmic leaps"?? SRSLY?
TSA allows man to fly after finding gun parts in his child's toy, but take man off a plane after throwing up on my recent flight. Huh?
thanks! Glad we were able to get the pics in before tomorrow's first trip across the lake.
I'm quitting my job and you can have it
I agree with much of it (though being such a Dark Shadows fan, it probably means more to me than the reviewer).
Lil Wayne is engaged?????
my mojo ran out. mechanical. new plane. delayed. sitting in ord isn't the ideal saturday but could be worse.
This RT : PSA: Don't be a dick.
you got a game thursday?
(c) care, she'll act more like the way she used to be around him <U+2665>
You wanted it well you got it. Battled foul trouble and poor ft shooting and we still handled business. TJones put it on ya
Thanks to Tariq Farwana and Dinah Coomes of StrateSphere for hosting the 10x teams last night for a wonderful and informative dinner!
thanks jenna paige i love you RT : proud of my boy !! congrats weezyyyyyyy
people piss me off.
I just tried an upcoming trip to Chicago and the site says that the promo code for the 5k points is invalid? Need 4 nights?
YOU MUST EMBRACE MY CRAZINESS.
There will always be excuses, no one wants to admit they are a fair-weather fan
omg scotty just killed it on stage....Love Him......!!!!!!
The airport needs a 24food spot
"We may just run clips of the Republican debates verbatim." - #Obama2012 campaign strategy
just a quick fyi: organic honey crisp apples are at PCC FOR SURE! :)
Question of tha day in the studio of someone was in trouble or hurt in public would you help them? Call in 2023839777 now to comment
Fell asleep scheduling appointments & woke up doing the same damn thing.
high score is a good metric for that
Thanks for the recent RTs !!
Pens clinch at least a 5 seed. Still could see NJ in first round.
On April 24, 2006, Wedding Crashers topped the nominations for the year's MTV Movie Awards with five including Best Movie.
I wish i had a fast forward button . I reat want to skip work :|
I agree that SPN will go 10 seasons. In fact, I think that might be why J/J will go to Upfronts. CBS renewed Big Bang for 3 seas.
- check your DM
Ever realize that when ur already mad,then you sit and think and think u get more and more pissed? Thats me now!
Can we go back to using Facebook for what it was originally for - looking up exs to see how fat they got?
Work meeting at 1pm to 4pm & my shift starts at 3pm... WTF! All day & night at SEVILLA wow this meeting better not. For sex harassment
I thought this quote was appropriate for Mother's Day. Do you have a favorite?
awww you have a puppy =D
Red Lady
Watching "Butch Cassidy" for the first time in honor of
On KXAN News Today:Austin man in hospital after a pit bull attack. Rain in the forecast, plus why Tracy Morgan is in the hospital. C u soon
go to bed.
In Buffalo, the Washington Capitals needed a power-play goal from Marcus Johansson midway through the third period to earn a 2-1 victory
when can I come over?! too!
“Never forget who you are, for surely the world won’t. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness.”- Tyrion
Woke up an hour late for work.
Wenndy: "If they get 4 downs, why don't they get 4 time outs?"
now every time I see a girl with sunglasses far too big for her face I think of you.
it's okay to root for the Spurs
And the football world yawns!
nope def. cannot!!!
The more you say, the less people remember.
Great to meet you, too! Hope to see you again--perhaps at #acrl2013?
Feeling good about going back to the Joe w/ the series split. Great win for tonight! Congrats, boys.
17 months with the amazing today!! ;) can't wait to see her
I wish i was pretty so i dont need to be lonely.
your weird
is that like a McDonald's delivery person?
"We Bought a Zoo" is adorable!
I feel like im missing something...
U got it bro!
and are not at school....
We don´t like allergy season either, but can help with allergy testing and allergy shots. Just call Dr. Zadeh (310) 201-0717.
WITHEY!!!!! Who want some
Wow that is bad! Hope it clears up!
I know it's a cliche to say this, but it's the first week of the semester and I am already behind.
What is StaffingMarketplace? •StaffingMarketplace shows you how to convert more visitors into leads.
Wow, wish I was back in HS!
I don't like #oomf no more. Crush over
good luck tomorrow morning!! ": My car doesn't turn on and I have work & finals tomorrow. GREAT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>"
lol jenn that was like hours ago. park..
'once you go fez you never go back. in my language that rhymes" that 70's show completes me.
Hopefully you get some sunshine today! It's a beautiful morning in Sweden!
i will but i need the interview questions first lol.
Gotta get that average up, otherwise Torrie will drop kick me when i get home.
At my aunts.
www.DatingChicagoland.com goes live in 2 days! Reason #2 to join: Membership is just $10/month. Unbelievable value for only $10!
Man why do they gotta change the rules after I leave lol
Nice to have #Closer by #NineInchNails on my #iPod finally :)
it's Friday!!!! Woohoo!!! We're really rooting for the sun to come out :)
Man fruity pebbles sound good right now
MT : Let's welcome to Twitter. Please #RT & let's see if we can get them to 100 followers by the end of the day
Hope you are having a great time in London! Please tell everyone hello for me!
thanks for the compliment! We've got such a delicious new lunch menu, we need to stop by so we can eat more cookies!
All you see that Thor trailer, I went to high school with thor!
Yeah, I dunno, think this track is kind of a mess! Like the beat, Ye's verse, and 2 Chainz, but the rest doesn't do it for me.
We'll only be for another hour and we're almost out of tamales! Don't miss your chance for the best tamales in
I'm scared of tomorrow. I'm scared of the Biology test.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
#Its2012WhyYouStill planking? its old now.
hey sexy thing!!
LOL, thankfully it's not quite that horrid.
Man watching love and hip hop and these women are like mma fighting
Google Maps vs. GIS
Very nice! Nice finish! Was that Whitney Houston on the entry? RAGE!
- wow, you are a linguist? :-) - I want to learn Spanish, but still "dabbling" in French - for 30 years :-)
i just watched the xtre factor from last night and you lot just crack me up! I freaking love yous
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
#SOTU President Obama to republicans: Stop being bitches.
you need to sign my yearbook today!
idk you tell me
Weds 12/28 8pm, Empty Bottle, Chicago- Alex Chilton B-day Bash! Come hang out!
i see there are some very disrespectful motherfuckers on this trend!!!
I want some denny's
"3 time world snare champion snare drummer champion of the world"
Just finished reading it, Biella. It's amazing!
Well that 17 pages came as easily as childbirth.
I'll probably slide out of your life unnoticed.
Playin my new shit in my ride vibin out
I'm just being a girl about things. Haha.
Insanity..stop talking about anything but the economy. Ignore the questions speak to the issues facing the nation.
a girl as beautiful as you? ofcourse ;*
Ladies: I'll be having 100% Mink Lashes real soon. Book your next eyelash extension appointment with me
RT : Not to beat a dead horse but if Adele was a black girl named Aisha, none of y'all would give a fuck
": u crazy lol. A part though?" LOL! You no me!
get her flowers!
hey people whats up?
Wayne Township Fire dept., IMPD investigating fatal hit and run crash at Manhattan St and West McCarty
that would be excellent. And is also a profound truth.
Bitch Niggas Hide,Real Niggas Ride
Well done Georgie boy!!
Tea parties assassinate Archduke Ferdinand of Austria, starting First World War. When will the violence end?
Oh, what did you get?
YAY! I am glad you got them!
Oh hah! I was running pretty ragged... just finished my work. Gotta get off the computer!
Mm. Look at you. :D Thanks lady! “: s/o to my new follower c:”
haha that will never happen ! I can do side bends or sit-ups, but i will not loose that butt ! #sirmixalot knows best ;)
I like I like I like!
I hve wireless @ my dads house nd nothin @ my mums house but I use my mobile for a while
I hear you. In the US, it's the dictatorship of the coasts. <aside>Loved your "Separatists unite!" email sign today</aside>
There is plenty of butter in town, if you have the coupons, so I hope you have the coupons.[1944]
Looking like I might get to Citi Field this season after all...Marlins in September.
I got my tickets can't wait to watch you win the belt in Feb! Your a true champ!
I'm just dominating at Teen Jeopardy tonight. Go me?
I'm hardly ever on here. Perhaps it is time to change that?
LA Confidential!...should do the trick.I loved it
RT : HULK ALWAYS THINK EAST COAST DO HARDCORE BETTER. THEN HULK REMEMBER EAST COAST HAVE 25 TA LIFE.
alright sweet :)
Thanks for the follow my dude
Lovely day! - RT Hanging with for the
"Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go." <3
The new version of open home pro is not in NZ yet but will be very soon.
Finally have appointment for final review of audio mix-one week from today up in SF-cannot wait! I love SF and I love LA (and NY) :)
2 more devos + I'm DONE with draft 1 of this book! Just in time too: got a titling meeting tomorrow w/
esp cause my lips so soft
I've got some feedback for ya. 1200 msp is way too much for 3 maps. u cant count the other two because you already had them.
The people are to be taken in very small doses.
what is everyone up to? ;)
I can't wait for guitar today... That always puts me in a good mood.
is amazing !! dude . i just sit here listenin to him ! <3
whaddup with it ? .. I also like to watch OTH :)
-- Promote us to your friends, & if you want to help street team in your area, send us an E-mail at
If I make a joke and you take it personal
Come join recruithighschool.com post highlight tapes,photos and make player profile for free get exposure to coaches today
You're welcome -- needless to say I am excited about it too!
Thx 4 sharing my post with your followers
hey JPSO If you close Airline at Causeway did you consider directing traffic there during rush hour? Didn't think so.
There are lots of tasty things to buy that don't support so #boycott until they stop supporting Rush!
hi ladies, the staff is here. Congrats! We would love to connect at the reception tonight.
Barnes and Noble...they really need some comfy chairs so i can read
I don't think it says that exactly... more confronting and questioning the cultural norms
This new shampoo makes my hair so soft ! Omg
Sabrina and 12 Angry Men
if you say so...
THanks for coming!!! Get back soon!!!
Fascinating! RT : About to listen to the man who unwittingly live-tweeted the Osama Bin Laden raid. Very interested.
my head hurt so bad i know my lil brother ain't gone nnnooooo:(
Don't be nervous! It's a great way to can.
www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
For a refreshing change in business telecommunications...Contact Globalnet Telecom. Offering a 'one-stop-shop' for all your requirements!
RT : Brainstorming...good things to come
hospital job growth has tailed off almost completely, creating less than 6,200 jobs nationwide during the first quarter of 2009.
what a very nice note. Thanks so much! Four more years!!!
Listening to all the clocks tick throughout my quiet house in the middle of the night would make me feel so calm when I was younger.
How funny is Gloria's flyer? Anyone draw a mustache on it yet?
Thanks for the feedback! We're working on it.
TY so much for featuring my blog in the Silk Skies Daily!
Hm , should I run for prom queen ? Lol ;) My decision depends on you guys . :)
u guys really need 2 do a better job of switching games that go that long!! All us blazer fans missed the entire 1st 1/2 cus of u
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 48
yeah I'm gonna attend the walk-a-thon that they are having in a few weeks :)
What were you like in high school?
I just like that type of swag they have...
Oh, no! Don't tell me that it is going to be Marvyn Bartley who ruins my day. Another draw in the making?
do you need an extra turn after this one or something?
My father-in-law has one of these sleep monitors is discussing, going to give it to me. #usinno =>Geekier thank I think!
When I have difficulties in life, I always seem to find the right people that point me in the direction I want to go.
When does a journalist's opinion add value?
Set Free is awesome. Share them with your friends. They'll be playing Defenderfest Saturday.
oh that looks delicious
Sorry for the high octane discussion with your boyfriend last night
I feel like I don't tweet as much as I use to. Eh I should change that lol
Trickle-down economics works, but in economics gravity is reversed.
When I wake up it always looks like I was attacked in my sleep.
Will be very cool preso from Tim from Manifesto / Proxy tonight! Hope to see you there!
NEW EDITION OF IS OUT TODAY! PICK UP YOUR FREE COPY ACROSS NEWARK AND VILLAGES!
Barricades practice! vote for us over at marcyboston.com to help us open for marcy playcground!
I really need a life haha.
#ILostRespectForYouWhen you started being such a bitch in school hope off my did nigga
Sure glad I'm not a dude!
Battier being an IDIOT again
i'm back unharmed! hit the ground running with school this morning. how are you erykah?
True friend is a treasure precious as gold and just as hard to find. I try being a true friend to my true friends, when needed a real enemy
party was boring..
But it often doesn't feel that way and that doesn't work
Pella SW is hiring #job Operations Manager, Controller, Trade Sales Rep, Delivery Driver. Email No calls please.
how's it goin?
The wife bought some store brand tissues. My nose is to delicate to trust generic brands
saw you on Carson Daly, you killed it with ease and splendor ;)
Are you heading off to England?
Gonna be a GREAT day...enjoy, Mike!
do you feel like some of the presos here are cool but would be difficult to apply in our no-strings-attached environments?
I Doubt he hates you. I just think he doesn't like when people talk about him. idk. doesn't matter.
B2B Speaker for #smbmad in May + the one and only Milissa Rick is our food and facility sponsor
you'll never be trendy. and you only have 62 followers. whatsup with that?
agreed! She seemed to stick with the 80's theme (which I loved) but it seemed she was definitely trying too hard.
Girls at bed bath and beyond were no help at all... Ugh
Warm weather where are you.... It's harder to type when you're wearing gloves!
You know something's wrong when your favorite song is called pornographic
on what someone is looking for (IOW, consent is consent, etc.), but the search function always best for any search...
Charles McCain: Pic of the Day - Clearing A Wall
Italians usually say it its like scratch your balls or ass lmaooo
Show us your independent artists!
Mom had a bridal shop, was altering a dress, I was the right height, my friends walked in.
Ozzie: “We talked about (trading up), there were a couple of players we felt we could’ve traded up for but it can get expensive."
Sittin here "Stalling" on FB, so I don't have to go to the GYM.. SMDH... Gotta get motivated.. Grrrrrrrr ;-/
if i promise to get you a super-duper great sunscreen fore warped, will you make me a guitar string bracelet? :)
Just polished off leftovers -- mushroom, leek & tarragon stuffing, black truffle mash potato, & cajun turkey taste amazing the next day!
one direction :) and you?
must concentrate... damn you technology...
I'm sorry, but that girl has a mental disorder.
that's why you are stupid
Because it is shielded behind pragmatic optimism versus the 'parting from logic' that was previous market busts.
Very fun social music site/app: www.turntable.fm
haha ahh my yellow nails make that look even more yummy the taste of banana kush :)
missing book club due to calendaring error. oy.
you the man
I'm finna be omw out there soon mayne, you solid tho ?
Rangers-Devils Gm 3 at 1p!
haha well i think Kendalls nose is bigger then Logan :-) but sexy both haha
No one understands how tired I am... Literally feel like im going to collapse
Congratulations, Aunties!! :)
haha ok *rolls eyes* text me.?
- yes it was. Noah Kolina I believe
RT : Never, never give up!...Always remember..."Just when the Catterpillar thought her life was over, She became a Butterfly."
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. --Lucille Ball
Ty might have finally gotten mad! He's the key. The energy goes as he goes.
What Can I Do For You To Follow Me? <U+E413><U+E023><U+E411>
I don't know when I have to bring them in for English all I know is that they have to be deep fried !
I just want to go back to bed.
Didnt know you was that ruthless
morning my favorite spicy latina
7/11: Shooting begins for VAMPERIFICA directed by Bruce Ornstein. I play a Stripper with very bad luck. This part makes me SAG-Eligible!
When I was younger I couldn't wait to be older. BUT THIS SHIT IS NOT WHAT I SIGNEND UP FOR
I'm caught up and the orange star of shame is now gone for me!
I can, too Restorative justice.
thanks I think lol
Nail shop flow, pick my dress up from the mall, pick up mother's day gift. Then back home with my fam.
Can you tweet me the link to his twitter please?
"I fed you a fantasy but you’ve been drunk on reality, All you want is to be wanted as long as you get it out of me" Take Back
I love all your tweeted and I love your so cute will please follow me back tonight it would rock my world if you did <3333
Congrats! Excited to read your stuff at Wired.
In Richmond for #AASLH2011. Saw great earthworks on Cold Harbor battlefield and lovely architecture on Monument St. today on bus tour
DYK? Famous singer Dione Warwick is a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
singing @ Dodgers Stadium MONDAY NIGHT! Get your tickets!!! LA
:) hahaa! yes! i am addicted to twitter now lol first i was addicted too facebook lol
I'm not Fred's friend. At best he's my wingman. #bro RT : Can't forget 's friends: , and
A 15 min power nap is in order
Awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at and your right there.
what's up
That's what's up Bucky!
nah, that was last season. This ones w Clay Aiken, Arsenio, Lampanelli n all em. The dad from American Choppers was just fired!
High fives.
This is at a library? On McCormick Dr? Or is it a church?
Thank you for my Birthday Wishes!!! <3
A Rio Rancho resident is about to get the DISH Network HDDVR from New Mexico Satellite Man! Thanks for calling, Dave! - John - 350-6428
looking for reporters interested in writing about electric car infrastructure.
is there anything specific you're after?
Happy to be a part of the fest. Thanks for the shout-out, Chris. :-)
Lefty on the mound here and Leyland has yet to pinch hit Inge for one of 3 lefty hitters. Makes no sense
yay! So glad you love it!
Thanks for the mention
tell em get some oils lol
driving back up to LA in a couple hours.. any big mix running already?
Are you at the #CSP2012 in #Orlando? Come meet our editor Marc Strauss!
Thank Crom for vacation time!
Watch at 5 & 6pm for more info on donating & collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick & his family
I'm a Sooner born and Sooner bred and when I die, I'll be Sooner dead Rah Oklahoma, Rah Oklahoma Rah Oklahoma, OK U!
thought he may just need a reminder...lol
dooooood i need to see lol i bet you look fine #worriedmuch?
<U+266B> All in time / but the clock is another demon / that devours our time in Eden / in our Paradise <U+266B>
Thanks for applying to our TC104 course! Your experience at CFR will be a fantastic addition to our learning community.
Oh, Rebecca Black. Can't respect your journo ethics, but can't help but respect that you wear your hair curly
Thanks for the RT, Sarah!
but I plan to slink from what I think
Ball and freaking chain man.
you make it HARD to talk to your face lol :P
If you are looking for some dope clothing designs from some hardworking people, follow the Pittsburgh/Chicago based team
Congratulations to the Columbus winner of #LiveNationUltimateAccess, !
eh lol remember that kid who looks like abunny on crack
No one else out there has a guess? Anyone?
you can forget everything and everyone who wants only one and no matter how long or short you can forget everything!
Anderson county, you should head out next time
TRACK DAY ...... Oh shit I fell off my bed
stop looking for us. Lol
Now following >>>> #TeamFollowBack!
So sad. Makes me think of my brother. Scary. : USC RB Tre Madden tore a ligament in his left knee at yesterday's practice.
Headache+stuffy nose+cough= FUCKING HELL.
Hehe :) I wish everyday could be like that :)
haha right, most of them are cocky and self centered anyways
Are those boos i hear in the background?
Hey Justin Bieber TWITTER FAN CLUBS I know u are out there PLZ FOLLOW ME! pllzzz! ??
GM everyone have a wonderful Monday !!!
Have a safe and wonderful holiday weekend!
A statement mouth is the look of the season,apply classic red lipstick blot put on a sencond layer dab a gold gloss onto the center.
Saturday, March 31: Manchester City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX S QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus
:DD You didnt tweet me back about Friday?? Did you see the tweet :D LOL! Sorry! ;*
camel back mountains and all of Scottsdale.
just watched your blue whale video for my marine bio homework.. Amazing
It was so bad, I had to leave the room. The guy totally sounded like the guy in the honey badger video. I'm serious.
Looking forward to any of the Holiday Movies?
I get to see today for the first time since I left 7 months ago!! SO excited.
Spring savings! Pick out your new spring fashions and save 30% now through April 30 at
Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation
Happy mothers day to the grandmothers out there. I love you lady, you've give us so much already and you're not done yet.
That you're playing for on June 14th at ? RT : Announcing some exciting news tomorrow...
Somebody that I use to know.
Damn can this just ruined my optimism??!! "/
Pussy runs the world ha
your gonna hate me but we need to go to lunch and chit chat
Happiness = curling up with a book on a new couch next to a fire.
If & don't stop texting me about all the Journey I'm missing, I'm gonna start posting incriminating photos. :-)
Exciting changes coming to our entire summer line up of one acts!!! Stay tuned.
this is true.
there was just a selena gomez question about wizards on teen jeopardy. I thought of you
im not :( but im going to see black veil brides at waroed tour!!!! lol :)
I know cuz.. My mama wanted to try n make it, but we can't. We love u guys
chances are nick will end up being the choice for the republicans because he is wining left and right.
on #Leadership - "Better or Bitter" our choices in adversity (Fr. Jonathan Morris). After Congresswoman's shooting, a 3rd option is BOTH.
But will they play better? Pull out your Magic 8 Ball and see what it says!
We in the studio with some artist ... banditviiiilllleeeee
Twin Shadow at in September? I'm down.
#Obama Has everybody in my house mad! Lmfao.. Funny shit!
Which one of you whores is a New Yorker?
i would like sunshine if it were more fluorescent.
I love Louis <3 and I just wanted to say I love all my followers! Almost at 200 :) you're all amazing
and to not get shit on yo dick when doing anal xDDDD
Old dance craze songs right now cx
It's freezing out! I'm so over this!
My dad's such an ass sometimes...... Most of the time.
Holy crap. Reading about a dystopic theocracy that sounds frighteningly like what the current right wing candidates want to do to women.
This girl just sneezed all over the kid sitting next to her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You all have guns, but you never keep the safety on.
Having an IPA at Golden Road Pub in Glendale
Apparently, lunch is at 10:30 today.
I drew my eyebrows on well today!! Im impressed! I better book this damn job.
Lmfao!! Just got off the fone with my counselor, she sounds so cute when she giggles at the things I say haha.
:D Are you a morning or an evening workout kinda guy?
I'm from Wisconsin. And I admit that was a horrible call.
#istandfor The parrots who cannot speak 4 themselves, even when they do speak 4 themselves (or swear @ me in Russian.)
We just deployed team management! You can now add other pantheon developers to your projects! Full release notes coming soon. :)
Pippa has nothing on J Lo
IT IS TIME. I finally start
“: You guys think Aaron will play next week?” yes
awww thank you :)
ready to curl up in my bed
Register Process Server in Sacramento!!! http;//www.expeditiousprocessservers.com
I got that whip game! vrooom!
Asdfgrhdhsh RT : heard u get fake sneakers bro?
Um, yes please.
Happy B- Day big Bruhh!!! 37 yrs old! I hope i make it til then!!! Best Wishes Junior!
... Matt swears he has swag and he can dance smh
well I don't have a first block(or period, whatever you want to call it), there's no final for TA, Calc is done. Only gov is left
's remix to Dancin' In The Dark is on 's show, "Club Life"!
If education is slashed, we all bleed.
Good aint good enough ..!!
If you google deirdre elizabeth parker the fugitive's doctor, you get nearly 4000 references. How do you attract those who don't google it?
Spurs, will you please REBOUND??
I suggested you force your son to watch Star Wars. Today I see 8 people stopped following me! And 23 folks immediately signed on!
you inspire me
Thank you clay!
Omg I just saw this and am IN LOVE. Wish I could do the same.
where u at
option-e and then the letter the accent should be over (so another e)
WELCHY i dont wanna study..which exam are you going to??
I almost forgot about this. Great reminder this Christmannukah season!!
I hate you
Twitter is dead.
Has to be my favorite female rapper. Not because we both from the N.O. But because lyrically she a beast
Thanks! It will be so nice to have the space and leather!
Thanks for the RT!
MT. AIRY, MD LET'S GET WILD TONIGHT!!!
well I'm saying I better see my husband!! we don't want to get the #divorcepapers out
19th Annual San Diego Jewish Arts Festival
Actual cost per hour for full time nurse is on average 176% of their base hourly wage
I scheduled workouts this week too! Great idea!
": This game is terrible"
Many new followers this week!! Thanks for following me, I look forward to tweeting with you!
good luck on both of those, but most importantly let me know how the tea turns out!
small world this IT world is!
should follow me! :D
The news reports are looking promising for Obama!
Drove from LA to Irvine last night to see at the Improv, but he cancelled.
My daughter is helping to tend the #organic garden at #Eckerd College. I'm so proud! What other colleges grow organic?
Jazz Jam at Multi Kulti 1000 N. Milwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL. Hosted by Myself n The Vince Davis 4tet. ROY HARGROVE might come through late!
Enjoyed time with and my Twitterless friend/manager Dave!
Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect!
do you know karate? cuz your body is kickin
that's what I look like on a Monday morning after a Football Sunday at the Old State
Going to be a great crowd at Madrigall tonight! Salsa music and dancing by DJ Howard! 1627 Oak, KCMO a few blocks south of Power & Light
Brain dead tonight sorry.
thanks for RT, Chris.
These A Day To Remember people are funny. And they have free shirts.
It's sucks having to work when you're sick. Ughgghhhh...
“: watching and suddenly is playing?!? #crazy #stilllovethem”
How does USA like playing in Canada? I thought we were friends.Canucks cheering for Czech
Consider: if the players get the owners to concede on the system issues in favor of #50/50 or #53/47, but get to loosen the luxury tax
If I had a beard, I would dye it purple.
I remember the old Austin: with braces, doing covers on Youtube, singing on ustreams, living in San Antonio, Texas <U+2665>.
Thanks all for the congratulations today. Proud to contribute to Boston's vibrant tech community.
Slightly singed blueberry muffins... #dammit. I'm no Betty Crocker.
yes!! Now we can play!
Are you going to the curling open house or the stuff after tomorrow?
Woo Hoo Start the weekend baby, epic!
agreed, B.
#New this week at Sydney b. Wee One Hair Accessories. Bows, Headbands, and adorable Baby Bands all in your favorite summer time colors!
yo ass sleepy talkin like that
Far out! Mono or stereo?
ill take the mavs with world peace shooting dumb 3's
Work! Covergirl! LOL... thanks for the laugh sister!
Yes! Go to the vet
RRT: Thanks for the shout out!!! >> Very welcome! :)
Don't you hate it when you take a test and you're like YES... I did well on that! :D and then you get it back.. and you didnt :/
Not legally allowed to leave home without it RT : I hope you have a pitch pipe prop.
Congrats to you as well! I like the term "new adult" used for Forever Girl. Good to establish a niche generational bridge.
Just heard there are $2 Domestic Drafts at The Tailgate (across the street from ) after the #Nuggets game! Giddy Up!
Do you have chickens? Is one especially beautiful? If so, join us for 2nd annual Chicken Dayz in FoCo 4/21! Enter your chick in our contest!
So there is beer there? RT Here we go...
Messiah hat trick for Pep
boehner can't get enough votes from his own party & house is full of tea party idiots, he got what he deserved.
the reply to that is, that is sad because I love you. Or something like that.
SquE-Z me once shame on no one, because thats what your suppose to do!
Going to see my Best "Sister" Friends! So Excited!
You know, if college football adopted a draft, it would really cut down on the recruiting scandals.
Don't lie to me.
you want me to post it now? what title shall i put?
haha me too
HOCKEY!!! 2 U
np yw! have a great rest of the week
Am I the only one that finds Kendall's paleness attractive?
So sad to hear about Steve Jobs. He was truly a visionary RIP
Well she no longer is making new episodes of her show but I'm sure she'd make one for you!
How Safe is Our Food? | The Alliance for Natural Health USA: The information in Pulse of Natural Health is for educational purposes o...
I just wanna have a guy I can write songs about again! And love! Gah!!
MT : is lowering pay meter to 10 free articles/month - but links from Twitter, Facebook, blogs remain free, unlimited
it says ur not and that i cant dm u
Bryce Harper is good but cocky as hell. Hope he chokes his debut. I'd love to see him try & blow a kiss to a major league pitcher
Silver on civic engagement enhanced via social media: helps make planning fun and eases communication
Haha y'all failed.
#whereuat? tonite RESERVE LOUNGE 723 main st houston,tx follow
Danes ripping
love you
Nice! RT : Good to see San Antonio native boxing legend on Twitter. Nice find
sounds to me like you might have a chance tho (: clean the dishes, clean your room, fold the laundry. lmao then ask again.
Listening to new #amaryllis such diversity and growth with every album they put out.
My mom keeps tellin me i tweet to much:/ smh PARENTS THESE DAYS!!:)
Margaret Thatcher~ I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
French exam tomorrow, shittttt
when is he due?
according to yadira i am a ugly sack of shit mexican.
agree with that one! Thats why we made the cellhelmet....
#raw is in my city tonight #Pittsburgh :-) wish I was there
Lilly is a Giants-killer. Pretty fucking annoying.
ya probably not a good idea to post it on the Internet where everyone can see it.
I was just thinking the same thing about you. How have I missed you on here before?
has a baking bucket just for her molasses cookies! Y'all should be jealous ;)
Getting RATCHET!
so happy so goddamn happy. :)
thats no good hun & for some reason its the opposite with me, i actually get more sleep justsaying i wen he comes i wana know
Cheers to the for winning public service Pulitzer. Well deserved.
*Important question* If I saw you in person and I did some MAGIC TRICKS!!!! would you be amazed??? :)
when there's nothing to do make a gif
How did I forget that today is George Clooney's birthday?!
It's a damn shame. All the political bullshit does nothing for a future mke. All talk no movement
RT : 8 words Managers should consider using daily - 'how can I help?' & 'what do you think?' |
Love this one....have to fav
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight 7 & 7:30 during The Big Bang Theory! Good Luck!
Hangin at Perk's #INDOOR practice!
heck yea!
Interviewing for Summer Internships..DM us if you are interested in online #marketing, #PR or #social media in #Phoenix area
finally remembered my key!
I'm happy to contribute a recipe if needed. Cannot imagine triplets! Gripe water is a homeopathic remedy for fussy tummies.
Join us on Monday, April 9th at 10a for the launch of our new show..."Catch The Buzz" on WNST1570. Sports talk & stuff...
I should be more on top of these things. Love Zooey.
okay man! No need to get hostile on me
oh shot
Happy Easter! I hope it was great!
The Real Housewives of Disney. Hilarious.
yep Alicia and I had it too.
Number one on my Christmas list? The book #StartWithWhy by
#Educare of Chicago featured nicely in new video "Great Expectations". Great work!
Thanks a lot! Be sure to check out for good info! RT I am a millennial, and you nailed it today!
We're ready for you #Chicago!!! Come say hi!!!
mixed reviews of writing. The word "low brow" was used. Others not interested in content, just form & materiality.
Dislike females who think they better than everybody
If that doesn't teach you a lesson i don't know what will
2 finals down...3 to go!
good times at Ghostland!!! Team building!
My armpits are soft as fuuuckk.
Not sure why McCain/Palin are so defensive about Game Change. The characters in the movie are a very sympathetic portrayal of them both.
Im not even paying attention :p im so out of it!
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement confirming a Los Angeles Times report that he had fathered a child with a
fine. About to see some friends. And u?
Finally back on. Rough day.
Right? Kind of neat to imagine what Titanic would have been like with Twitter ...
Hey cold weather.. I hate you!
Only 4 weeks until summer!
55 and sunny in Anchorage still!
Started rehearsing a few weeks back The Small of Her Back by which was a 2009 Kendeda Finalist at the
Blood everywhere.
Ha! You rule.
Great place! Say "hello" to Chris.
In CD/BF match-up: polls go to CD; electorates goes to BF; draw on the candidates; better campaign goes to CD
okay, I get it. #GYLO is the simulation version of Knewton. Instrumented simulations to be embedded in flat publications.
Everyone was upset. But then miraculously Mark Cuban stepped in & offered the $40k, "saved the parade" & everyone was there this yr
On , : 9/11 a punctuation point in post-cold war world. Beginning of end of American dominance.
You are a great entertainer, good vocab, sports knowledge sub-par, highly disappointed in how religious you are
Got dirty and loved it! MUST make The Dirty Girl Mud Run an annual excursion with my girlfriends!
Forget #idol, I'm watching the #WISCONSIN game!
> Thanks Stephen - go ahead and direct your letter to .gov and he'll follow up with you this week
Boo piece got free tickets to Anita Baker at Radio City Music Hall. Yup!!
With all the junk on the news, it's nice to see heroes like the Newark Mayor.
no wonder you never wanted with me hahah
RT : #credibility Tip: invest in professional qualifications
#TGIF lots to do this weekend in the house. tired of the mess
gay spam..
Awh. Keep moving forward! It's okay. Things will turn out better
closing out a busy week by signing Thank You letters to dedicated donors. You all make this work possible. Thank you!
Dang I aint even at this girls party but I know almost everything thats going on thanks to my TL!!
Monday Trivia warmup: What was the first arcade game that Nintendo adapted to play at home?
Very timely. All this talk about wine and oysters is making me hungry.
New features, new fixes, new rewards, new announcements coming soon!
So this is what popped into my head this morning: I promise to be unique...
My name is Madelyne and I am ONE day at the time DOER! From Washington DC.
I'm going to rock a vest like that next week at Rupp. Hot!!!
I didn't insist :p, "none" is also a valid answer.
You still have time to fresh'N up your w TODAY at 218 W. 39th St, or 816.756.5887
Great day meeting with new client/creative partner and recording another National Sam's Club Radio Spot..it's me and a female Sam's member..
The Best Way To Predict The Future: Create It. (Peter F. Drucker)
It is a big move, even if it's just a couple of miles away--still have to pack like going to Timbuktu!
I love how clean I feel once I'm out of the shower
Have you seen the news coverage about every major city being covered with KONY 2012 poster? Me neither.
Dr. Chris Goeschel, assistant professor at School of Medicine is our speaker today. Hyatt Downtown 12:15 all are welcome!
LOVELY!!!! we can tweet at each other lots! :) Welcome to the
RT : Laughter is an instant vacation. - Milton Berle
i have other debit cards but none pop like these..
tonight the party is great at the gates!
You just put your lips together and come real close
I wonder how much of this is improvised vs. composed?
It's my super excited-for pick for 2012! I'm hoping they'll screen it relatively concurrently with its Cannes debut
i know im excited!! hurt his old ass
#AHA releases 2012-2013 schedule. Stay tuned for #Bentleyhockey broadcast schedule!
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
Where can I watch barcelona Vs madrid live online? Anyone plz?:)
So into UW I was. And then I learned to love learning. BA, MA, PHD all from University of Wisconsin-Madison. The UW gave me a second chance
You've taken advantage of what you know is an extremely volatile situation and said any and as many inflammatory things...
i so agree he is the best
Looking forward to watching you in D-Town!!
Bout to start my hw
Emerging from Lyme Disease-induced social media blackout...slowly.
The biggest lesson I've gotten from this call is that I need to redefine my business model so that passion fuels it.
but I do appreciate your response.
I'm liking the Atl Under
'Nurture your thoughts with great thoughts, To believe in the heroic, makes heroes.' - Disraeli (1804-1881)
RT What small quakes do to libraries: U of Maryland McKeldin Library [photos] bit.ly/o3q4be via
No, its in NYC. I'll let you know if we do a web presentation anytime soon!
Just got spoke with a superintendent who doesn't believe his district should have a policy against bullying, "It's not definable"! Thoughts?
KK! Love you! XO
FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
This girl just said "we want UK signings" Babe you can walk down the street in the UK & meet them. I can't exactly swim across the Atlantic.
My phone either gets 20 texts/sec or none at all -__-
Free car wash=Rainy morning
2 days to go!!
yeah that would be dope
Taxonomy is a lot like racism. It's a classifying of living things.
Smh... Give a basic chick some airmax and she think she Beyonce... Lol
I am also taking a try at candle making, its not hard at all! Who doesnt love a candle?!
who says next iPhone will be launched in June, previous one went live in October
well it's plausible
Shitty day for baseball but a great day for hockey! Pensin7
never date a girl who is promiscuous. All they want to do is fuck and give it up
Yes indeed.
Hulk > Iron Man > Hawkeye > Thor > Captain America > Black Widow
panties smanties who needs em? Been there before. To.funny
Are you a local celebrity with a penchant for drinking wine? Please DM me for a potential article.
Thank you for the follow.
walked to work today, thinking about walking right back home to my pool
Ugh got chosen to test on Wednesday for history. Great.
scoop up your boy
Love a women dat tlks football
Play guitar until my hand goes numb: CHECK
so did
Learn about creature book binding with at booth 97, 4 pm
Hey People. I'm gonna be Tweeting back in 4/13/12 Morning. :D Can't wait to talk to you guys.
Goodnight twitter<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
RT : "You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”<U+2015> Rumi
Our sponsors today #smbmad: Ongoing - Mtg sponsor Batch Bakehouse.
Yes, the Leann Rimes show has been rescheduled
AWW I love you to ;) LMAOO. kiddingg ;D seriously? that's all you knoww? omg i was a white&cool child. check fb. xD
Got My Paper Done Now I Can Try To Go To Sleep...
Veryant Announces New COBOL Training Class
Due to a loss in the family I have not been tweeting lately. If you have a soul, you won't hold it against me. This means you, zombie.
at 1:30 on a wednesday? what's up with that?
Watching the episode of Rachel Zoe where she has to cook Passover dinner
Nice prediction. Keep up the good work.
another brother signed up for SRC!!! And he is actually a voracious reader, so no need to choose books for him :)
"Who Let The Dogs Out?" and "Summertime Girls."
Hey how you no abt B.O.B lol I been got tried of Bob
does Express Invoice all work locally? it's not online, right?
I've seen play at both foxboro stadiums and protect multiple QBs. #ThankYouMattLight for the blood, sweat, tears and the rings!
“: Sex with a #Gemini is unforgettable!”
Don't. You'll just be disappointed.
Just submitted. My fingers are crossed!
#Raleigh peeps - what's your favorite Raleigh activity? Looking for fun things to do with the parents this weekend.
#Eng9 Period One- HUGE improvement on last vocab quiz!!! Woot woot!!!! Well done.
So I got home from my bar gig after midnight. Queen Rock Montreal was on Paladia. I watched the whole thing.
you looked beautiful on The View today! I want your dress! lol =D
that would be GREAT! Tell him we'll record a video "thank you" in return!
#vre2010. Hi class. I think I added everyone. Let me know if I missed you please!
Ever try to wipe your ass when your back is thrown out of wack? Not fun.
yeah :) lol so who this?
#rcdlc #EXERCISE #EXERCISE Ready Shelby in TN is there for the impacted communities, local resources are the first resources!
LOL IMAGINE IF SUGARSCAPE ACTUALLY DID COVER IT
Sometimes u have to be selfish, if u can't put urself first, u can't expect anyone else to
My cousin,Megan Toth,writes a fun blog called "Nails & Ales." Send her beer if you want to see if she can match her nails to the label. ;)
I feel so calm and happy x) huge weight off my shoulders haha
pen and paper are the new retro cool
oh, I'd love that!
um what? Lol who are you.
Hell no lol RT : U dyed ur hair gold fam?? « Fucking free day at the zoo?!»
Drinking protein shake right out of the blender cause I dont want to find a cup # lazy
It's Wednesday!
that avi...nice taste
It never seems to fail... the more popular, the less insight.
starting pre-game preparations for Wisconsin-Penn State.
God I hate going home sometimes
they have big fat juicy footlongs at DQ!
Plastic Business Cards? Cheaper than you'd think...
Win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre #Newark. Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan. Be creative!
Erich is back tonight at the Friday Night Dance. $7 and held from 7pm-10pm in the Big Room. Full Cash Bar available. For more info on...
Just watched 21 Jump Street . & i thought it was a badass movie :DD & funny as hell.
going to the homecoming game later. GO VISTA!!! YEAH! I hope we crush Galt.
Is anyone a A member?
Apparently I can't do that . Ohwell
Thanks for the recent mentions:
One loyal Bad Girl Friend is better than one hundred hoes...
Hi Surfers Healing, we have a mutual friend I would love a chance to speak with you. Please follow back.
Thanks for the support...halfway there already!!!
is awesome nuff said.
Tomorrow's friday.
about time stranger :)
It's great. Doesn't happen that often, but when it does it's fantastic.
Doing well! Summer is on the way i better see you! RT : lol just waiting for the summer to get here! how about you?!
I don't know where your heart went, it was here just the other day
“: If Elway's smart, he'll take him straight to Casa Bonita.” haha! That would be the best way to ensure he leaves Denver
Dont cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me
Wet & windy!!! RT How's Scripps Ranch looking like for 2 o'clock?
before i die, i will see , , & the rest of #TheHungerGames cast in person. <U+2665>
was the best all-time poker blogger. No one is doing good poker writing anymore. One reason: the game is repetitive.
Gr8 job #Devils Good riddance Silly Walkers!!!! Now let's go Kings!!!!
Not over. I'm still headed to Phoenix on Saturday and am looking for a #HAWKS victory.
girls that wear sb's >>>
Not promiscuous at all! “: LinkedIn: r u a promiscuous linker (to just anyone) or is it a truly business network? #bmamke #smb2b”
great. no phone, thank you apple products for quitting on me out of nowhere..
They are pretty damn cool
Its Not A One Night Stand Cuz If U Fye Bear Bound To Call..
what im gettin' into tonight, though...
Guests coming from out of town. What are the best everyday New Orleans food joints?
Happy Mothers Day to all women
got the first album art concept today... we're on to something! excited for this.
Beto's Mexican food is the food of gods.
salute big homie you had a good game
Hey shawtys and tweeters
RT: This week the Marketing and Social Media Maven will be our guest on #mediachat! The fun starts at 10pm EST. Bring a friend!
I am single and crushinnn on someone I noe I can't have :'[<U+E022> and i wont see him until the science test cus we have testing together:/
So glad to see you on #GH!
": R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB"
T1: Today's physician is very #mHealth savvy I think. I believe that most of them just need a little training on efficiency.
You two watch The Killing as well?
I want to ask what u guys did in Vegas...but I don't think I want to know ;)
no one perfect, and everyone have a mistake.. so, never think that you're perfect and you don't have mistakes
Happy birthday to my long lost best friend !
Never knew love could feel like a heart attack. Worst pain that I ever had.
I'm totally new to Twitter. Getting a lesson in tweets from
OH and that is at New Dawn Theater in Duluth. sent via TTYtter client.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou Can I get witcha - Biggie Smalls.
“GLOBAL14: Who be drinking energy drinks?” me
It was nice meeting you at 500 today! I'll see you soon and bring you our shirt! ;)
Oh you fancy now
Please note: Animal Humane will be closed today due to weather conditions. Please be safe and keep pets indoors!
Hope everybody got a broom cause the knicks getting swept today
Life's too short to be anything but happy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
Now playing, Prince Fielder BP session
Earprint Productions is gearing up for the AAM Presentation in LA on May 23: "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces."
Don't worry,there is only one Footloose!!
Happy Mother's Day to , to the moms we've lost, still have around to hold, love & appreciate and the ones yet to join the ranks!
Turnovers: 13 for Grizzlies 3 for #CLIPPERS. Good stat!
My senioritis is really bad today.
Getting ready to teach today at Berklee. Many gigs coming up, Yikes!
No, guy on FB that I dropped for hitting on me... I don't want to be your friend again. You are creepy. And married. And creepy.
A truly fitting subject for that paper!
Indiana just entered the $4 gasoline club, joining Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, NY, Oregon and Washington. Joy.
I guess I'm going to be in good company in Hell. and.. based on the Phelps clan destination.. I'll have a lawyer
Fuck bitches get money.
Thinking About ,& Wishing/Dreaming/Hoping you Will ONE DAY Notice Me' ill never Give up
They were adorable in that "why am I infatuated with you right now?!" kind of way. I have a massive crush on them as a unit.
The penny just dropped.
did this reach you?
haha better living through chemistry? :-P
thanks Bodie! should be a fun weekend.
don't be so hard on him. He probably got cute features. Focus on the features.
About to lay down since I unfortunately have to go to school tomorrow. Last tweet as a 14 year old. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Web of Support looking for 700 people to send movie packages (DVD, popcorn etc) to soldiers overseas. If interested email
You guys coming to Startup Weekend Gov next weekend? It's been too long...
I havent trusted anyone since I got mugged
yo man good gettin to meet and build a bit at SXSW!
Hit me up nigga
“: ALL the laker haters can't beat me 1 on 1 though ; D” lalala
i can't even go to sleep!
the ones from at gisels house? -.- i will i will
Happy #MLKDay! "Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" -Martin Luther King, Jr.
ugh whatever out w my girls !
thanks boo!!! Miss you!!
sazs catering boss talking about sex four times a day?!
Welcome to MONDAY!
SOMEONE FOLLOW
So tryna go out this weekend :))
guess what
America Got Talent. Exhausting trip, long lines , anxiety . I love it! Try it?
done! Can't wait!
I miss you like crazy. Fix Skype or I will bite you
RT : The future of education isn't going to cost $500 and subscription fees. It's going to cost nothing.
i also like the word "accomplice" - "one associated with another especially in wrongdoing" ..sounds about right to me.
Thank you for favorited!
I really think should make a keek of him biting his lips. I'm sure all of us would love that (; js
If you plan on coming to America we can make something happen ;)
Recruiting near Columbus (OH)... Thinking about hitting up a few of the local hot spots to get a couple tatts. #ballin'
Awww thank you sis :) God bless you too!! How is exams going? Mine are going crazy lol
Ain get it
Why is it ALWAYS so nice out on Wednesdays, when I don't have time to relax outside?! :(
More followers please!!, lol
Shout out to you and Derek for such great customer service. Means a lot!
I've seriously been in bitch mode all day. I feel sorry for my boyfriend. Haah.
its something we have been talking about..focusing on 1st single right now though..
Looking for a wordpress genius to help with www.creativeanimalrelief.org website this is a volunteer position to help the animals
Sometimes I think I lost something really important to me, and it turns out I already ate it.
that's great man. Hope to see you this week or next. Thanks for everything bro
Ditch out. Get Started.
nice--good weekend idea!
a role you struggle to perform daily.
amen to that..I do wish to change the way the autism "support" community here in Phx is run though
this morning...
Have a bold International Women's Day and vibrant Holi on this joyous eighth of March.
Lunch Specials Starting at $6.95 at Punjab Restaurant. The Best Thing Since Naan Bread!
I did to Chicago. Worked out good. Not sure I'd want to brave it that far tho
Thank YOU! All our pups had a great day!
Mhm! Probably we can go walking to McDonalds for some smoothies or something.
": Ohioans chose Mitt Romney on Super Tuesday, though barely n with little enthusiasm---same way my prom date chose me in '99
Let's go Milwaukee Bucks! Going to the game? Stop in for dinner before the game! (we open at 5)
very excited about that. Going from paying to low-paid will be my very adventures in capitalism.
AP: '...political intelligence industry had lobbied hard to get Rs to modify Senate's plan' MT National AP Story on
So many things to be thankful for. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving everyone!
she probably been ran thru too.But I would strap up and take on all those hizzoes lol
Love u
Haha i go to walworth for work so i saw them on my way there
HAHAHA. they really are!!! They are failing with these hoes!!! The Disney channel isn't the same anymore lol
did he ever come to town?
What happened to twitter!?
Homework takes a lot of time.. U dont have to do it lol jk
off to teach core conditioning to 11 year olds!
Keep us posted
Got the short sale approval we were looking for yesterday!
You know something is wrong when you are on twitter and you're STILL BORED!!
Thanks for the quickie Detroit I will be back June be ready
Don Burke: in their effort to avoid past mistakes, bureaucracies develop "institutional scar tissue"
Meant to say are you in Nola. Cuz, uh, I am. And can attest that I like to hang out with archivists traveling thru
Hard to sleep when I have a million things on my to do list... Must. Close. My. Eyes.
Absolutely! Dinner sounds delightful!
yeah me and killed 2 of em! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
When using Twitter as a museum professional/educator - take the time to find your own voice. ~
Working with SWW on Haudanashonee women and Matilda J HGage- Q: What was role of Iroquois model on feminists in 19th century?
M Beginning Of February I Think
I need something new. Same shit, different day.
I'm so sick of being alone
Your tweet pic rocks!
Watched the English (UK) dub of Arrietty today. So good.
Today in Blues History: Louis Armstrong and his all stars performed a blues and jazz concert November 30, 1947, at Boston Symphony Hall.
Authentic Moroccan dinner w/ sum friends..
Im a twitslacker. First beer on me!
Tomorrow is Thursday. I'm happy because I don't have school Friday
Boutta head out n enjoy the weather!!!
Refraining from quoting Anne Frank today. It's been that kind of week.
It's been a busy week! We've been bottling Louie's and we sent our first shipment of brews down to Chicago yesterday!
#21 You got.... S&M by Rhianna! Lol this song is great. In a rated r way :)
Have you met our sister, ?
Hello Thanks for following Newark Twinning
Hello, hope you are well from your surgery This is truly from my heart. MJ was as "Special' as they come.I loved him too,
Doug Thomas - Realized I wasn't teaching my students anything, but that doesn't mean they weren't learning
Thank you for teaching me twitter. Soon I will teach the world to remember my name. Through dance. And casseroles.
Is is odd I'm looking forward to catching a plane to NYC with as much as I am for the actual trip HA
happy Sunday soror!
(Apologies for repeated/altered tweets): Cheers to figuring out new social media platforms!
I dig, when we gon hang
Tiger spoke from the heart today. Much better than his previous media appearances post Nov crash. Positive step for Tiger.
-Dont bite the hand dat feeds you, because **excuse language**dat hand aint gotta give you jack sh_t!!
lol ha ha
Thank you for being such a good example!
"Today is a great day! If you don't believe that, stop having them." —DJohnson T&B
#SmokeyandtheBandit #FastandtheFurious #RVA--A American classic. Love that movie!
Re-titled my recent article, 'How The New Testament Became Mean'. Have not posted it yet. Will try to do so soon & provide the link here.
that's what I would expect to display to look like on "Classical Piano Hero" helluva game that'd be
yes ;-) next weekend it is! And I'm sowwy it wasn't I good night, I love you
silverchair - wait till tomorrow. is on at corner. GREAT SONG!? yes it is!
Good luck to the Team Summit kids heading to AK for a FISU and School visit to the University of Alaska!
It's weird that I see at six flags and carvel but im always scared to say hi and I like his videos lol.. xD
Lakers just traded my favorite player. THIS IS THE WORST WEEK EVER
I hope someday I find a guy who reminds me of all the love songs I listen to <3
RT : Host your next event @ the Venetian! Our Piazza Room holds up to 80 and is perfect for receptions & private parties.
bureaucap is in the city of north hollywood.. spread the word.. new styles and improvements coming very soon!
when you wanna talk to someone.........but you dont wanna bother them :3
Likewise! But now food comazzzzzzzzzzzz
An Improvement District provides local control and accountability
I put my tweets out there not because I think anyone will read them but to just have my thoughts out there.
I should be doing my science project but I'm doing DIAP's album insert... you love me.
I'll be there around 1 or 2 this 2day. I'll look out for ya. Ps. i have a stand up show on Thursday night! Come out!
Hosting a local big man on campus today. Really excited to have him. Can help us out & be a contributor right away.
cannot wait to read the fanfic from !!!!!! hope im in there with niall somehow :)
i'm fairly sure Ikea translate to "tiny allen wrench" in sweedish
In Greensboro, big day tomorrow so I'm going to get some rest...
Tune in "LIVE" now!!!! MorningMadness.TV
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 need to focus on learning - this in my view requires evidence-based practices to document learning
I gave my grandma some curry because she wanted some. Then complained cause it was too hot. Now her stomach hurt. Lol
I am in Brunstucky, so this is an everyday sight.
3.1 gpa.. worst i've ever gotten.. i call this my slacker sophomore year \m/
Got the warm clothes packed and leaving the office for Schofield in 45 mins. Woke up this morning with Ledger Blue blood flow
testbed for what? I work at a 9-12 library, and curious.
The coo of mourning doves.
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some theraflu.
Looking forward to performing #BeekmanBash tonight in #Brooklyn with #BryanCopeland bass #ShareefTaher drums
Go to Pho Hai Tuyet. You'll find out why they're raving about it. Also in Bayside.
RT Listening to while stuck in the awful traffic on the bridge.
I miss you both! Hope your Easter was spectacular- I thoroughly enjoyed the pics! Xoxoxo
Is there such a thing? RT Watching way took much #SATC lately. Sheesh.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 11
hahaha - you forgot a shot of whiskey
agreed changes the game like no one else in college basketball.
Welcome to Twitter!
: Morrrrrnin!!!!! Can't wait for today!!!
i dont even know how to pronounce that.......
The man with three brains!
When something happens in South Central Charlottesville, nothing happings.
Holy shit. Making so much new music. Flows just keep getting better.
Great-if you think that you may have eligible students from W7, pls contact our MSch Coord. Ms. Tyson, 2025036081.
omg. Did you see that IRL? Glad everyone is ok!
so so good
Lol RT : The opposite of "in a NY minute" is "in a Next Bus minute."
now you are :)
:o I MISS YOU TOO!!! I haven't talked to you in 272727 years!
Sapient to Announce First Quarter Financial Results on May 3
Yeah but that bottle's totally gonna explode in your face now, bear.
Damn... I am getting NOTHING right tonight!
I'll be tweeting throughout the day about the status of women globally: Happy International Women's Day
Bought The Lumineers' self titled released earlier this month. Love it. Edward Sharpe & Magnetic Zeros -esq
Daily Report: RIM Unveils Rough Version of New Phone
If the programmers problem is not having Nielsen stats from TWCable TV, can't you provide net stats? I bet they are even better.
no doubt! We'll get that submerged refdesk ready for #il2012. Unless we can #MIH for
you might be cute but if you have a terrible personality, dont even look in my direction.
#tarot 4 lovers: 2 of Cups. Mirror body language, seduce by it, become as one with the object of your desire. Fall into the other.
#FF : He's super fun and loves remixes as much as me. :) - Bryan
ive been poking my brother all day! he has a shirt that says poke me =p
Does anyone know what order followers are put in when you view all? Is it when they started following you or just random?
I wish I could explain things, without people getting offended.
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight.
- you girls having fun while I was in the shower?
You are the best! My email is .
bought my tickets to the orlando show dec 20!!!! This show's gonna be ALL THE RAGE!! (; YES <333 //
thanks for adding us to your two lists, greatly appreciate it.
I miss you <3
Order your party trays early for Christmas!! Place your order today!
Please Check Your DMs From Me Please(:
Greta has been a personal crush of mine since House of the Devil...thought she was great as Violet. Uh, it is really light like
Love how Canadians sing their national anthem at hockey games. Go Canucks.
Just like food, some friends have expiration dates...
It's a great morning! Goodmorning to you all!
I just don't want Hirsi as the face of the revolution. Structurally flawed. LMAO.
That would b a hip hop classic remix
you play nhlo2
Congrats! RT : A sign of improving #privateequity confidence; off to the best launch ever for #MandAEast. Oct 11-12 in
I LOVE U GUYS 2
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed the class!
While and drink it up, I have to take a three hour final. Sob. I miss MiKro…
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are.
bro don't make me fly to NYC, I'll do more than just take a pix lol!!
that would be awesome!!! I heard about you and Andrews trip your taking! Haha
Why does everyone have a long board?! Stop pretending you can skate and go back to watching &eating Doritos Locos Tacos.
“: Merkel should replace the Euro with a new currency called the Tebow.”
follow me i need help please i follow you back i promise
that must be one hell of an exsercise program if ur actally serious bout him being... sexy *shudders again*
I'm a moose maing
1 pizza and 2 bad movies equals 3 glorious hours of pure couch potato debauchery. Yes, this is how I party when left alone for the night.
Work tonight then off tomorrow.... Sounds good to me
I WILL WHEN I CAN!
Talking to some really hot guy at the hospital
Have a home or automobile for sale? Then have a I got a deal for you! Message me for more details. First 5 clients may get lucky..!
RT NBA schedule indeed gets released Tuesday afternoon. Opening Night, IF lockout ends in time, is Nov. 1: Bulls at Mavs on t
you know you love me.
I could care less whether you're the VP of #HBO or a cashier at Duane Reade. If you're an asshole, you're an asshole.
i dig it!
If I get home and Justin Beiber is in my bed I'm gonna know exactly how felt tonight
not yet. Definitely should check that out as well!
where did you get that beautiful Basset Hound?
5 days since launch and still adding friends and growing influence and potential donors
RT BREAKING! Sen. Vitter is expected to try to get the Senate to pass a bill to deny the Child Tax Credit to 5 million kids.
...a new window opened. Ninja Cat?
Excited to begin editing the amazing for my artist web series #OnBlindFaith!
National coffee day is Sept 29th....get some cup of joe and renew your mojo.
I be wanting to slap far fuck outta this lady like leave me alone damn
Me and my grandkid J do not scare of the snow. We love it. We went together to get bagels.What a fun trip.
Watching Indian Jones "lost ark" and saw my first KY gel commercial w/ two lesbians. Progressive.
What would be your angle?
Dear dopio espresso. U do me right!!
I think they have a right to the best care available. And also to understand its an inherently violent game. There are risks
Great! I'll email questions again. Reviewed notes from ur intv w/ Brian & we're so inspired 4 u!
shaky shaky? LOL
I looked for the perfect guy when he was there all along<U+2764>
RT "Do you think Mom is bootylicious, dad?" "Oh, absolutely!"
there's this new book called hunger games that a lot of peeps are raving about. And they even turned it into a movie.
now you can start "Phil ivey is busto" rumors
Just a crappy-movie marathon for a Friday, huh?
& keeping me sane during today. Voices of reason and empathy
working in the studio at the moment
To the girl sitting next to me. Ur perfume or whatever it may be is nauseating
Hm I can't delete my G+ because that's how I connect with my family overseas. Guess I won't be searching much then LOL!
The time to beat at the Dual Flush Retrofit was set by Domacio Nogales from Monterra...29.44 seconds - what?!?
#FF The only person that matters!
Success as I see it, is a result, not a goal. - Gustav Flaubert
This is sloppy football
you two are drunk and cute... but mostly drunk.
Are you tuned into Classical 94.5 Philharmonic Friday with Peter Hall? Lots of music happening over there right now!
When you look at all the things you can judge a GM on (drafts, trades, free agency)...Morey's top 5...
I'm addicted to gorilla brand coffee
im chillin today i just wanna lay up & smoke dat loud shit..nah mean?!
Only 2.5 hours of sleep so far tonight. Poor Baby is teething. Must be up for the day in two hours!
I just found out there is an ASTRID Strmsek in my family! Gotta love it
I really appreciate you and your wake up calls.. Thanks!
do you have an email address? The items have not been listed for sale yet so I'd rather email you personally :-)
wow, that caught me off guard
Watching the chupacabra episode of The #XFiles. It sort of sucks. #Getit? #Chupacabra? #Sucks? #Chupacabrassuckblood?
burned 43 calories doing 5 minutes of "Jumping jacks, vigorous"
Phil the Void "I just moved to Indy from LA to make a living in showbiz." More reason to go to
Somalia's about to have a bunch of new Patriots fans.
Discussing bagels, iCloud, and fairy tattoos with at #W2P author table.
It's almost impossible for me to stay positive anymore. Guys, the stupid people are winning. They are kicking our asses. I'm not kidding.
Hmm i wonder if had a chance to hear the songs i shot over
I'm fine ! Haven't seen you in a while. Thanks for the follow my friend.
Lalalalalala nothin to do want to go to my friends Lalalalalala!!
Holy Batman! Scissors!
Wow, the weekend goes by so fast, already have school tomorrow. What boring.
Before i die i want to hug Taylor Swift and spen an hour trying to tell her how much she means to me.
Big up to Patriceconcepts always on the ball
Everybody and they mommas got new emojis except me /:
Right outside of Hot Springs.
thanks for RT Brendan
Where is everybody at!?!?
thanks (hug)
nice... Looks like u could use a hand or mouth
Hey hottie ;) luv u punk ass
"tonight we are young, so I set the world on fire...we can grow brighter than the sun..."
I want to be
About to go to the market
It occurred to me last night how much money gets wasted by buying catfish to throw on the ice.
A former punter will kick off the opening of the new in CMR @ Duchenne SD’s charity event this afternoon! Guess who?
That's all? 35 minutes?
have fun out there!!! merry xmas to you all miss ya give a big hug for me!!! <3<3
I need a pencil!!!
Today is April 23 and I'm wear my north face and a scarf #wtf it's almost spring training....
Many use #appinseconds to get #Axure or #Balsamiq mock ups on to a real live iPhone. No coding or other technical knowledge required. Nice.
hmm, that link went to a story about standardized testing. Maybe there's a correlation?
You don't have to eat the marshmallow, you can simply look away.
Barons playoff game tonight! OKC is just going playoff crazy... I like it! 100 Bones likes it too, they'll be here TONIGHT.
Guess ill leave you alone then......
#ThoughtsWhileRunning : Omg why do I do this to myself ....
Where is my favorite drunk tweeter?
Logging off now - to go dream about having you two make me some dinner!
ok fine Hide And Seek?
even bad coffee is better than no coffee at all!
you should also feel special because my 1000th tweet was a reply to you...
Did you conduct any great pranks yesterday for April Fools?
Happy May Day y'all! Will be studying today but y'all go out there and make me proud!!
Good Weed, Good Dreams
I'm watching the Christmas episode of Glee. Was it really this painful/terrible, or is it because it's February 2nd now?
Whenever I'm FB chatting I zone into my computer and it is blatantly obvious to the teacher that I'm not paying attention.
RT Chubby niggas in this Bitch !!
the honey badger was just on the tv!!!!
And as everyone expected, this game is just as boring as the first time.
ur right it was a bad move. I did fine though running to the race probably not the best decision.
Not that I endorse this sort of behavior, but if there was ever a day to cut out of work, today is the day. 73 & sunny!
Come see us in Suite 1507!
Definitely! If you can get the tickets I'll pay you back for mine. Do you know how much they are?
at least your not stuck with a blackberry haha
You can do it!
Trouble keeping the conversation going on a date? Bring a hand puppet into the mix.
oh! And follow so he doesn't feel neglected!
Thank you! They come sparingly!
Commercial auditions lets go!
thanks! I hope he comes soon! Been dilated to a 4 for almost a week!
Hey you're a cutie;) are you single?
Is Bex your real name? It's soo pretty :)
She had me but watever screw it I'll get out of ur way of being happy with him.
Kiss on Shoulder = I want you. Kiss on the Lips = I love you. Kiss on the Forehead = I hope we're together forever.
Watching the Lakers and Thunder game!! The finals!
Tonight we are young
Releasing my inner rockstar #guitar lesson 101
Anyone with Content Publishing experience looking for a job? Send me your resume I know someone looking for to fill 4 positions.
It might just be because I went into Twilight with some glimmer of expectation, while the others, not so much.
I am still 2 hours away....ugh this car ride kills me.
Saturday morning fact: Toast tastes exponentially better when cut into triangles.
Learned a lot about community from people while in Haiti, on our way back to Washington DC tonight :)
he was gone? Lol I didn't notice
Totally agree! Setting an example of reading is so important and so hard.
Dear , If I were two years younger... well hm maybe more. I NOW finally understand the fever.
Why The Keurig Is The Best Single Cup Coffee Maker
I honestly don't understand how some people can be SO FUCKING DISRESPECTFUL. We're in fucking High School now. Grow the fuck up.
Follow back?
Off to work.
He can't hit outside pitches.
& my son is so sweet because he's five & he still sucks his lips together against my hand to fall asleep.. :)
Hahah. I got an old Ray Charles album.
Chocked on a pepper in olive garden, embarrassing!! Dinner was amazing though!!! :)
Jesse sprayed his cologne on me! We smell god
CATCH ME LIVE 2NYT @ RELIC W/ DJ MARVELOUS MARVIN!!
Sorry we missed you! Thank you for guessing!! Regardless, we need to get you some cheesecake!
The closing conversation between Joan Rivers & Barbara Walters on #2020 left me speechless.
hopefully! I have a doctors appointment tomorrow, hopefully it goes ok :/
I hate riding the black buses
I have the worst fever ever and I can't stop shaking. I feel like shit.
You're welcome. I opened a Paper Li account. Do you know how to add additional headlines/topics? Thanks
thanks for following back. hi there<U+263A>
there asking for alot of money to keep the reviews up on my site but all reviews i ask the customers to write except one..please help
Sparkles I received a direct message from you that looks like spam. Someone may have hacked your account. Just a heads up.
Southern Ivy has Foxfield FEVER! Stop by the store and get your last minute items!!! Aqua Green is looking like the hot color this year!
It's win or go home, Nuggets.
I Heart Radio says this song is Buck Cherry but that can't be right because it doesn't suck fucking ass. Also, it's Sepultura.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightnow I'd be the happiest, luckiest guy in the world
well yes, that too! (:
My body must hate me after the workout I did today lol my chest burns! But feels so good! Haha
- agreed. Any employer asking for social media logins & passwords isn't one you should work for... No matter how they justify.
true story
Gallardo is prone to bad starts. NLCS is a really bad time for one of these.
very nice bro
Parcells will coach Saints if asked. So...you should ask him.
Is it gay to tell a straight guy, 'have a nice day'?
it makes me feel good when I can help somebody!
It's amazing that Jeremy Lin being in a bar warranted an article. Really?
Fuck cups , get on your knees (;
you bet ;)
Best college game I've seen this year...
School time
Ohmy yes! I havent been there in forever! : *five gu
Each building on Williams Island has its own pool but residents also enjoy gathering at the community swim area adjacent to the restaurant.
did you go for NS?
Getting ready to board US Airways flight to Charlotte NC. No matter how hard I try to prevent, I always get just a little nervous flying :(
Have you heard? We're tweeting from ! Follow us at for all of the latest updates.
Us too! RT : Pumped for 2012 Southwood Project Feels like the first day of school!
what took so long
Waiting for Infinite + Block B !!! k~.
Realizes that he can't pay for his bluegrass breakfast because he got cleaned out in a dice game. Fist shake @ Graves St.
It's '' (a childhood nickname). Look me up!
I know! How's it goin?
Nice work! What's the "WOO!!!" for?
Faces in the crowd keep showing..Matthew Broderick. Keith Olberman in the house, more expected for 2night, Sunday's finale at 3!
its weird not having someone to talk to for countless hours after practice everyday... <U+E403>
All my thought are rushing to my head .
Calling a chain retailer --- they have no clue.
I'm catching up with online life after 1+ day offline.
We generally go up to 6 hrs radius around base (Nashville, TN) unless money is really good LOL. You guys in NY? Ever go S?
In Saginaw, Michigan right now at an event to raise money for education & kids.
I almost missed the bus ladies!! Cool ya jets "yehhhh ha bitches!!!!"
RT : Attention greater Boston beer fans! #LIBABeerUp. Saturday April 4/21. Let's make it a HUGE turnout at Mead Hall. RSVP:...
I don't wanna close my eyes, I don't wanna fall asleep 'cause I miss you babe. And I don't wanna miss a thing.
Tweet us your #WhenAustin moments! :)
Sorry! We could try to lobby for extensions for you, if you'd like. ;)
Man, I can't believe I found this Workout... I'm Shaking... I seriously am jumping so much higher now! Ah
I can't breath guys. My left nostril is clogged. I'm sick. :(
Have you ever done a case that LEGIT freaked you out?
I'm a realist. I believe most people (not just kids) will push it as far as they can if there are no boundaries or consequences.
Its 330am and berwyn 905 is on call #11. And we Haven't been to bed yet
been a long time since I've had RC cola.
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your repair bills through
i had niall feels today too.... like no. why. stupid white tshirt and red hat.
11-6-83 Jake Roberts beats Ronnie Garvin for the GCW TV title touching off one of the last great Georgia Wrestling feuds.
What week will throwbacks be worn this yr? & I are thinking of using our throwback logo that week!
Perfect weather and mood today for the incredible "Impossible Dream" album.
There was a v. interesting discussion at MLA this year about how long humanities computing has actually been around.
I. Stuff like that happens to often. :)
We will be visiting with Bamawear next week to kick off the Alabama Campaign for slyder football
it just might be :-)
What am I doing tonight ? Nothing what so ever !
Attackers Add Ransomware to Bank Fraud Malware: Security Researchers
": Ready to get cray cray next weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>" #prom #2k12 I'm so ready!
yeah it has, what's been up tho?
I HATE being in sucha bad mood.
Do you have our new reservation # (415) 799-3535 saved on your phone? The new reservation phone line is a quick & easy.
Air Force One on the ground at Mitchell Intl. Tune to Todaystmj4 for live streaming. Todd Hicks TMJ4
Pink pussy is the best pussy why cause pussy dont have a face is what my brother always say !
yes soo much fun!! :) RT: Had so much fun with today.
Let's Go Blues! Let's Go Blues! Let's Go Blues!
Went to a private listening party for GLC-get his album 2mor! Then hosted mon nite f-ball party!! Super tired!! Nite nite all!!
Lets work bro
My bed tried to swallow me up today, but I managed to escape!
Why is my little sister growing up so fast?
Re: Zero Contact EV Charging From Nissan (Really)
What about a dog? Same concept?! RT : If you take your housecat on a walk, does it need sunscreen?
Though we knew that too on some level, no?
Quote of the day: Nothing's as mean as giving a little child something useful for Christmas
now you will be awake all night.
yep! Those repetitive warrior poses are a monster.
When I left Denver this morning it was 80 and the current temp in Raleigh is 45. I did not pack appropriately.
Has a need! And $$ cant fill!
I hate
Hold on I'll retweet what he said to me so you can see it
I wish I had a job I could dream about quitting if I won the Mega Millions.
They used to call me 'fag' cuz i aint wanna be on the corner holdin a bag
i had cotten candy today but that hyperness wore off
Girls always played with my emotions lol like why?
ruff nite at work last night , hopefully the rest of the week will be goochi
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when someone argues and argues with me and I'm right but they don't get that!
Brown putting Blake on Harden shows that nigga doesn't have a clue
Quick stop at blubird market for some ginger preserve and cheeses , yum.
i do i do i do
Good idea. We're going to break them out later.
The bad wolf was apparently a man's p*nis
Wish I was laying by the pool with my biff ...but no, we're workaholics.
Scottsdale restaurant ideas please!!
talking about dying at 58...not really old
Lookin to network with entrepreneur in the#altanta area
“Elegance is the only beauty that never fades.” -Audrey Hepburn
Oh good - glad you made it! Isn't it?! We're excited to see it open & full of life again!
A half baked idea is just that.....half baked! Don't rush it & it won't fall flat just before the frosting goes on top. ~ Lisa Morgan
Sometimes, I just don't know
... Why is his shirt off?
haha I probably have more faith in Seattle getting a summer than my ability to have an interesting twitter account
Headed to Galveston, TX! Playing at The Loading Dock tonight. Big Bike Rally - should be wild!
I hope he takes your filthy heart and then he throws you away someday.
The #Cubs 1st base coach looks like a villain from a 1910 silent movie. You know, he's the guy who ties the girl to the tracks
We dry our tarnedest to cleak spearly and make our cleanings mere, but it rums out all cong
I found it
When is Pat Buchanan getting a show on Fox?
The one who loves least controls the relationship
Wow, and the claim that global warming is a plot to 'hammer capitalism' has been agreed with the science academies of the G8
As the newest member of #BrickSquad I have been appointed to hire Dick Drizzle
Ohmygah...drunken debate...
ELIZABETH WARREN is turning JAPANESE, as we speak. Newer and newer ethic backgrounds appear, as needed : )
Let me take you out....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
needa double that to break the record man!
Water Softeners guide » Organize and Declutter Your Home Quickly ...
now we need to find some tunes. UGH!
Yeah, now we can be two smart cookies CC
I need a job b4 I lose my patients w/the 1 I havw now
Absolutely! We are rolling out a new site next week, so it will be a few days! Thanks!
Best of Luck to all my friends this weekend at the
Okay so I drag my fat ass shopping happy as a dummie I forgot my credit card
Headed to the store to get my mom a bouquet of a dozen roses<3 Happy Mothers Day Mommy:)
my stomach hurts! so damn bad.
Days spent with horses and horse people are always among the best.
How do the people at borders know pretty much ever book ever written?
#EliteEight U.C.O.N.N...#Uconn..#Uconn..#UCONN, #JeremyLamb and #KembaWalker amazing performances. Lets get ready for Duke or Zona.
That's awesome. We didn't plant it in our home garden, so wasn't sure: “: Our garden is full of zucchini.”
Does anybody know a good electrician on Milwaukee's West Side? LMK!
When tequila is your chaser, you know its gonna be a good night.
Got done working out :)
Savannah Ostler born December 26th! The perfectionist no doubt will be the next star to POP for Disney!
Alas, the ICC was once young like me, but now all its clocks have stopped, and it is as if Time itself has forsaken it.
Oh, you're wanting to take me up on that offer?
why cant it be friday yet?? my brother is coming down for my bday august 6th
48. time to get cracking.
EXACTLY...sculpt your site for searchability!
Sarah looks like she wants to cry and is only setting up! Hahaha
Hey , what's up chickadee
no dont worry u still have alot of time^.^
Kansas Univ asks faculty and students for relevant academic publications to add to their library's exhibits. could do same!
Exactly! Smh RT : iAmMissKarma nope. Like won't what you have to say be the same later? Tell me now!
I'm watching Remember The Daze. I'm not goin lie,I freaked out when you was beating the shit out ole dude! O.o lmao
for a single black?wtf?? That's insane yeah I'm good at that point
#WeWontWorkoutIf you tell me you love n only knew me for a week
BOW CHICKA WOW WOW
I want "CUT BELUGA SHROT ARMS" to replace "FIRE MIKW MCMORAN" as the top meme
Happy Mother’s Day to all the moms out there! We hope you have a wonderful day, filled with people that you love.
if your a fan of Christian then follow for tweets and facts about him
hell yeah I was getting outrageous lol, I'm on break til relays
I'm up to Act II of Hamlet, which is probably equivalent to 3 out of 10 problems.
Getting errors when trying to install ?
Finally saw War Horse (a Truly Moving Picture Award Winner) last night. What a miraculous horse, indeed!
All over the place..
You are NOT too optimistic... employers will pick up on that level of enthusiasm -- and your smile!
Amazed that Uganda is trending on twitter!
No rest for our new cohort of MBA students: 8:30 on Saturday morning of Opening Residency means Professor Geiger on accounting and finance.
According to Yelp.. We shall see.
is getting started on a new story that she hopes she can finish.
Thanks. I'm glad too and a bit nervous at the same time. I know it's irrational but I hate hospitals.
Having a great time shooting the #BLOsAndBikinis event at !
one direction is awesome:)....especially Nial!
At Merriweather Post Pavilion to see Animal Collective.
Dr. Susan Briante's translation of Marosa di Giorgio's "Smoke" is Poem of the Week on England's Oxford Brookes Poetry Centre website....
"we can either choose to pass down foolishness or wisdom"--
#wellingtonswag should i get my nose pierced
my moms like can u move I said BARELY and she's like well it's not broken but I maser her go get me a finger splint
I'm not just some girl that you can sway,
And I never minded that she was a little heavy, never minded that she was a little selfish, never minded that I knew she would betray me
Thoughts on Miami's first #SocialMediaWeek? Anybody attend any noteworthy events?
The links are up for all tonights NHL games go to www.watchnhllive .com register and gain access to all the games enjoy!!
Follow and watch THIS guy--> Andrew B is future social media guru, mogul, and visionary
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I am addicted to technology and electronics. I really wished they would make Iris implants with full 3D virtual display.
So sorry to hear that. When I treat patient with this kind stones I use a formula called "dissolve KS" from Evergreen Herbs.
I can still my head on your shoulder, hopeing that song would never be over, i havnt seen you in what feels like ages <3 HateLies<3Trust
Psyched for to open in #Charlotte, NC. Anyone have an ETA? Wish we were getting a too!
ok thx :D
scope of vision of sustainable success is linked to your level of consciousness (individual & group)
“Have you no wish for others to be saved? Then you are not saved yourself. Be sure of that.” - Charles Spurgeon Powerful
Keep up the great work, it'll all be worth it in the end!
These freshman gals on my bus rr trashy! Like do they not understand? They rr attracting the wrong attn.!??
Welcome to the CLE - glad you're a part of the community!
Thanks for the awesome content
You aint ready for all this jelly.........but yes, i am. Very much so.
And he will. I live here, but I'm not a Jags fan. Tebow would bring in out of towners from the whole state of Florida & S. GA.
I've had the most amazing birthday ever :) its been so wonderful. I love being surrounded by my kids and love. They're absolutely perfect!!
Only one more hour of our awesome grand reopening party! Not to late to come!
Adam Ant coming to Detroit!!!!
bet all that talk Kobe sayn bout the scoring title he gunna go out tonight like its the last nba game …
fried chicken, bud diesel,and 18 holes..sounds like the perfect fix to a broken pitching rotation
Yup It Is
happy birthday! and I will have Jameson tonight in your honor.
is so up my ally with the political crisis PR. This week, supreme court nominee is client of a DC madam.
"i don't give a fuck." really? wow, neither does more than half of the world
(cont) make it up to her for her birthday. The only way I can think of even getting close to that is getting you to say(cont)
Then awkward moment when people think calling one direction is gay is an insult.
I'd like to use that #Syracuse Orange in a glass of Blue Moon.
i feel like a dumbass for not knowing
It takes one to know one. <3
I LOAF YOU!!
Question for THATCamp SE is "Does tech really transform teaching or just add to or swap pieces of the same methods?" Anyone interested?
lol this is probably one of the coolest things ive seen
Excited For New Jonas Album <3
who would you rather see us deal for?
Edwin thanks for the last nights pinkslip, networking with potential candidates it was awesome! See ya in Palo Alto 9/16
Expenses are getting expensive.
RT from Iran: came back from gathering for martyrs of #gr88. Mousavi was there, calm and peaceful
goodnight my love :)
Nothing's scarier than a dentist with a AOL address.
tell me about it these meds knock me out then I'm up half the night til the next dose.
Winner of #winitwednesday fancy tee contest will be announced tomorrow morning!
thanks for the updates and pics. Keep us posted!
I bet all of her students are thinking that! My 5th period teacher is just like 25!
happy saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>I wanna know .... Where's your wellness spa located? :)
Did you get your #FreeConeDay on? What flavor did you get? -PT
thanks hun! Its been a day...
Ashland neighborhood hit by hate. Someone paints cars with racially-charged graffiti. Story at 5:30 on
RT People can only hurt the body and not the soul. The soul enters Heaven, not the body. Therefore, fear no man. Only God.
oh no! haha!
I have had to reset my password twice in less than a week because it was hacked whats going on???
at the terminus building at corner of peachtree and piedmont.
They should also put a high tax on alchol like they did with cigarettes in some way that is worse on your body than cigs
Mom dad ashlynn. Yup that's it": My s/o list for when I make it gone be short af"
I'll retire at life if we can get one of those trending.
yeah guess u right
I DID CALM DOWN NIGGR
Thank you!!
Standardized Tests--Our way of saying, we love corporate profits as much as the next student.
You have to leave the safety of the cocoon if you want to fly.
Sublime Bronze by LOREAL is a really great bronzer. I've had a lot of compliments on my "tan". lol. 10 bucks at Walgreens.
this nigga going round 3, knockout, fuckin up the song, & my
Mom - the person most likely to write an autobiography and never mention herself.~Robert Brault
but of course! Your subconscious needs to digest input :)
you are adorable!
Just completed the Internet Marketing course! SEO coming up! Way to go Univ of San Fran and Todd Farmer!
that is some dam slice wicked slick flow in a pony!!
EC: 3 dollar generals, Springfield: 37! What?
You're welcome.
Yum, Having popcorn for breakfast :p.. I've gotta get on that learn to cook thing!
-- got it. Yeah, I still switch to it meaning "durable" when talking about "objects".
Hendo again RT Give me opponents you want to see for shogun!
Thanks! Red shoes are the best!! I just love shoes, in general.
** frost glacier freeze forever
Still stuck in Atlanta... Sent to another flight.. No airplane in sight for the past 30 mins.. It went to wrong airport beforehand
If you want to change the world, get comfortable with the uncomfortable.
either dead or in a crack house..
I suddenly have the urge to eat a fried chicken wrap.
- that's awesome!!!! I need to do something physically challenging. Christy and I were talking dirt bikes.
Unwanted freshwater fish? I have space to adopt. Message me for more information. Abq area only.
I find it cute when guy bestfriends act all homo with eachother (:
Wake up to a Sunny Day. Not a cloud up in the sky and then it starts to rain.
we in the club makin' party people holla
Catching up w/ my DVR & on is AWESOME. I heart an astrophysicist who can crack a good political joke.
How does this fame for being good looking feel?
ya mama
Thanks for profitability tracks! Cultivation in progress.
These moments when I'm left alone with just my thoughts at night are the hardest to deal with. I still miss you. How could I not?
Lob city hope you enjoy your stay
Donations for the YBGB Professional Clothing Drive will be accepted at all TN committee meetings this week at GWUL beginning at 7pm.
sendin some protein your way
yo do some recon for me. i need it too
I can think of a lot of things that are certianly not flawless about justin's voice
I sure hope u try real hard to get videos to post!! Have a great night! :-) xoxo
yep! Next time you're in la ill take u!;)
I have no any device in that site which has recommended by instagram lol
I am laughing out loud that is now following me on Twitter.
It was my first time seeing it. It's such a beautiful message to share with your family on Christmas, isn't it?
Went to Target and got a Cemetary Kit 4 Halloween
#DCmusic recommended show tonight! & at great twangy music!
I do not have any plans to come to Michigan.
Saw license plate this morning that read QTANEUS, which I think means cutaneous, but that wasn't my first guess.
ah 10th grade:) sophomore:)
Chillin with you>goin to school
Where is my damn shirt?!!!
You know that thing of like when a million people are cc'd so no one really has to respond?
Worry about your own children. I'm a big girl now.
Off to all hands today- always inspirational-
sick and tired of people sending private messages that say "Hey did you seen this crazy tweet about you?".
Hanging with people I love, massage, new tattoo and cupcakes...I had a great Birthday...thank you all so so much!
go make music! Peace up, dude.
With just one more #BlueMoon, the lady across the bar will magically transform into
i wish you could buy it it sucks to live the US
We gettin paid.
The problem is that the Grizzlies can't afford his contract over a certain point, or they'll be paying the tax.
Ouch. Santana has got to be feeling it right now. Two shots right in the kisser!
GET THEM TOGETHER!!!
is that like taco pizza?
Follow Me
jump atlanta was not playing tonight. can't wait to watch competition tomorrow!
Unless they're lines you've drawn yourself
thanks for calling in!
Booked another feature for vol I out sept- 10 interviews w/ their top 8 picks of true #pdxculture- fascinating
Catching up on
Can't wait to see the #ducks play the winner next week! Oh wait..
ha! Thanks, I'll keep it in mind =)>
Sorry Kevin. Disagree. It's over
I'm speaking at #APA2012 on transforming vacant Flint housing into a green residence and classroom. Panel is 1-3 pm today, West Hall A.
Agreed - "Sam Cooke is a monster". That's the sound of the men working on the chain ga-e-ang... All day long I see 'em...
How am i supposed to anwer the rest of these questions when our class hasn't even learned about it yet ?
Tonights menu: yellow curry with chicken, potatoes and veggies over brown rice...anybody hungry?
have a good day. Great to see you. See you in April! Xoxox
We're excited to welcome as our featured speaker at our June 2nd Social Media Event! More information coming soon!
Thank you! :)
If your not watching you can't be a true fan of MMA #WMMA is here!
haha nice. Enjoy :) Ever try fruit sushi? Shit is da bomb lol
do any work with refugee youth in Bmore?
Pussy so wet i almost choked
can't wait to buy it and spray it all over my room and imagine that it is really 's cologne!
I hate when my battery is low and I cant use the camera.
Sacramento...sigh.
soy de San Felipe y tu?
Twitter is a wonderful tool for cutting through the "designed differences" to reach the common humanity in us all.
Last day before the weekend! Anyone have any big plans?
Never regret anything; because at one point it was exactly what you wanted.
I totally will do so after this meeting at work. :-) thank you for the invitation/reminder
can i just say historiography is the necessary evil that I'm not too fond of?
In new JCC website presentation by Zone 5 (based out of Albany). I like what I see.
I'm loving the #MeCagoEnTiMonday trending topic
No pressure!
my channel is youtube.com/ddrusa
ooooohhhh, you knew who i was talking about?? haha
it already happens lol
idunno Dude!! I was sitting down literally ALL night.... yea a blue shirt lol
I'm pretty sure I am. Let me find a link.
Must win tonight for Admirals in Abb... Heat lead playoff series 2-0.
Not much of a movie goer, and not a fan of horror - but I want to see anything with Johnny Depp, so to Dark Shadows we will go
He knows he's losing both Houses and the Presidency. I say Repubs take him up on it.
So many great ideas from Twitter...I have to force myself to turn it off!
Artest's elbow was more sickening.
listening to 's album Speak. Still so good. I wish you would make more music!
Oops I Did It Again? Okay, sure.
First of all I wanna thank my Connect The most important person with all due respect Thanks to the duffel bag, the brown paper bag
RF Family Dinner. Making a shit tone of pasta at 604. If ya wanna be healthy and look like me. Come on over :)
Happy 10 year anniversaty to #AllenIverson and his famous press conference - PRACTICE
please help #ArianaDidAmazing trend
Shout out to dr. Shaq
I feel like maybe you need to be on drugs, like the hard core tippy kind to appreciate this performance.
Aaaaww got me dropping a tear this morning. Happy anniversary!
We had a good turnout - about 15 people! Hope to see you at the next likemidn on 5/15!
but thats 25% which isnt enough to be considered fact, we are over 97% same dna as chimps, evolution
I twitter on the shitter
We're thrilled about an event of this magnitude focusing on adolescent males in teen pregnancy prevention
Valentine's Day gift dilemma? Sherry suggests boudoir - perfect sexy gift for your guy... you still have a few days left to get sexy! DM me.
"Watch Inge hit another grand slam tonight" Please send me tomorrow's MegaMillions numbers.
damn, i want the 5D mark3 but far too expensive for me.
Rs_nay happy b day via Beale st lol
Yeah. It'll definitely catch your attention on a newsstand.
We've programs for vocalists of all ages. Visit fairfaxchoralsociety.org for more audition information. Enjoy your weekend.
Many larger public libraries also offer educational courses, guest speakers and social meet-ups built around different subjects
Wow.... it's 7:30 pm already.... so much still to do today... where's that day of rest?
Why does the first #YankeeStadium concert have to be #Jay-Z and #Eminem!
How can you not like the taste of water?
The Sharehouse provided furniture for 40 families returning to permanent housing this week! Thanks, Seattle
I love Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros! Great song.
Excited to see what PDX marketers have to show. Bring it.
Going to this wknd! Then appearing on on Thurs 3/8 to show the hottest, new trends!
the first statue scared the crap out of me 3 years ago n now i m still afriad to go into gardens w bunch of angel statues
LOL! That's really good! I just love clever people!
Jammin' out to my arabic tunes
I won't push you away... I just won't let you walk in again either
Simply Hair Treatments for Hair Loss and Thinning Hair Anyone Can Purchase For Cheap
Australia does not seem to be speedy with tv delivery, but they make good stuff, and they air it quickly!
Apparently Blake griffin us allowed to travel and hand check, Dante can't even look in Blake's direction.
Maestro last 2 days working with clients on e-strategies, build out course backbones, enjoying the love of producing interactive KIOSKs.
send it before he hacks your computer and gets all your porn account info. :/
Ayo The Nigerian Nightmare hitting the studio today.
Hey - don't forget Mom - this and every weekend - but especially this Sunday, make it special for the lady who made you.
Thank you all for my Birthday Wishes. You guys are so sweet
No longer do poets pine away in solitude. Dreaming of a brighter tomorrow. TODAY they find each other, and we're all the better.
sorry peeps, getting pulled away - talk to you all next week, unless there is an emergency with #custserv :)
Avoiding June Gloom? Get to work in a sunny yellow #BroadwayCab!
nice article. I just moved back from NYC and was pleasantly surprised.
i work my ass off now so i can kick back later
U gave yo niqqa most of yo tax money to flip it... Even tho, he fucced the money off the last two years in a row. #DatsLuv Lol!
Depressed because I may have just wasted a pool party day since all my free flights out of Miami are full...
Oh, but can you imagine? Literally fighting others for the machines? Double workout!!! (u takin' notes ?)
Beautiful. We too understand the power of prayer, that why we're brining the world a prayer-app: www.birdofprayer.org
RT : Check out new streams from
Off to work in a few. Have I mentioned how much I love delivering pizzas?
I miss u, tweet me.
Thank you so much for your insightfulness and encouraging words. Your blog helps me when I feel like giving up. You Rock!
is at for Saturday night in downtown
I wanna sprinkle that so bad --- it works!
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Give Your Body Up For Money .
in Feb our students used for blended learning as follows: Comments Posted: 2030, Visits: 4079, Total Actions: 24,713
did the drive today too. It's a snore!
The sure way to successful beat a speeding ticket is to avoid getting it in the first place
Acknowledges that he's speaking for the 1% but also says that he say an upside to proposed OW legislation.
have a safe and happy 4th!!!!!
performing #UArts students - meet successful alums Amy Harding ’97, Alex Keiper ’07 and Fabian Brown ‘01 Terra DH tonight...
oh haha I gotcha, how you been
Wished I lived on the west coast, Packer game at 9:30am, how awesome is that,
Great party in NYC last night. On the train back to DC working on this week's edition of Ad Law News & Analysis. It's a good one.
hey its you fav lol change my twitter name so this is my new one. Always staying blessed n focus, miss hearing from you
I'm singing tonight at the supper club in Greensburg. 8:30-10:30!! John and Jason are backing me!
yeaaaaaaaayuh. :) thanks for that. :D
like seriously why did that iish happen!!!! ONE OF MY 3wishes was to see R.kelly live;(
damn girl now everyone knows
I'm free next week. My schedule clears up.
My wife loves 30 Rock so much, last night she quoted it in her sleep - in song form.
Wow. RIP whitney houston.
RT": S/O to the females dat did me wrong , thank you so much for that lesson."
makes tweeting on a bus not so fun. I had a guy claiming he was from heaven yesterday out to destroy my neighborhood.
Perhaps #socentwknd "most innovative" winner really was on to something...
pshh do i want a banana thrown in my 8 am smoothie?
Heading home tomorrow after almost a month in France, Ireland. Thanks for holding down the NINES fort.
will def keep an eye out for that Dodgers piece. Weezer!
Good idea. Spectacle company using tiny almost illegible rubber stamps. Thanks
Realized I am smack in middle of getting unmarried only to get remarried, just not to same person. Interesting in a complicated way.
Shooting tonight is like enjoying 4th of July over and over again.
-somebody tell me why we just voted for the other band???
And someone play draw something with me:p
I find so much shit in vintage stores out here. And in New York. And online. I've spent entirely too much money on apparel lately
Unofficial #DenverGiftGuide: #colorado tees from www.loyalteeshirts.com, supporting #smallbiz across the state!
Check out and ask for Sean.
D-flat is the swinginest of all keys.
which family tree are you looking for...Gambia is small I might have a piece....:-)
Playing with the new iPhone! Woot woot!
Meaning? RT Turnout in VA (~260,000) is miserable: 5.5% of registered voters, lowest of any VA GOP presidential primary ever.
I changed on my debugger and it fixed the issue
I like it when ur aggressive. Will definitely fix that. Maybe cld have dinner @ the house. Learn how 2 cook, yet?
There are other, there are more mentally ill in prisons and jails then mental hospitals, there are homeless in jails....
Of course my sister got another tattoo
I understand that while I still think we have short sighted people in charge and no one that will step up and lead e town ..
Doing production / prep work = Best time to listen to new music
As Romo returns... RT It's a rib fracture for Romo--Cowboys might just have to get used to kitna for a while
the cover of the new Flor catalog has a Wire Hair Fox Terrier on it:)
My BI**H bad looking like a
words cannot describe how amazing i feel right now :)
What would you do with $2,000 if you win the Hot & Haunted Costume contest tomorrow?
#royals got fucked! Dude missed home plate! That's okay though walk offs are more dramatic
Tht awkward moment when someone replies "lmaoo" and u don't know what to write back :o
Cannes 2012: Megan Ellison Launches New International Sales Venture Panormama
This is good.
This Saturday, Malice in Wonderland! 5-H8-5s vs. Rottenchesters, benefits Children Awaiting Parents. Rocderby.com for tickets!
lets go shopping tomorrow? I need to go to the mall.
You think we should spend $100 million on a jail for kids instead of schools?
Hey! Sorry I don't check my twitter that often, thanks for the heads up on the story and let us know what happens!!
you too Bri! Hope to see you in the city.
social work
watching avatar .
RT : Okay, we're close to 50 followers. I think we can reach it before Spring Break. what do you think?
Thank you, Cubbies!
ha yeaa. but i'm seeing it's worth it :) hope you're good.
i'm counting on you not to hurt me. <U+10E6>
Im down for a league
fabulous! Thanks :)
it's all about 'refined' #sweets! #chocolate and soccer are the best!
If you ever need to torture me for information, just play Katy Perry for 20 minutes and I'll give in.
all this Laker hate... I'm in all kinds of tears!
It's awesome when you accidentally #download an acoustic version of a song, and it sounds better than the original.
DO YOU?
Even if the lawyers understand the technology, if the IT staff does not understand the contract then you plan to fail.
Congratulations to Barry Eisaman and Eisaman Equine who had #IllHaveAnother for early training
he got 23 points in first half I'll take soft any day then
Saw a BMW and Range Rover collision today ... that's a Country Club Plaza wreck if I ever saw one.
Got a photo of some of the German fans. And the Schalke supporters were scattered. Should have had an area for us all but...
Tell me about an alternative pls? RT but Obama's the master of playing the superficial game of 'identity politics'
Ive been contemplating seeing it! let me know if its worth giving a shot.
Hope you're having an amazing vacation!
Bungle - The Siren (Ft. Ayah Marar)
8 ball side pocket!
Mickey Mouse Fruit Snacks!!!! :-)
hello beliebs indonesia
Protect those elderly who have #worked all their life and paid for #entitlement cut off the able bodies that have yet to lift a hand!
tweet me if you respect JELENA
just read it, 100% on the test
Why are you bringing religion into the matter? There's no evidence of a religious connection.
Margaritas, fresh chips & salsa, only the best guacamole, & of course CHEESE DIP! What else u need?Well, if u want an entree, we have those!
Headed to the JFR Advanced Seminar today in Newark. Incredible lineup of speakers - including Robert Jan van Pelt & Christopher Browning.
where are you headed...the beach.
RT : Moustache: Real or fake?? <- FANTASTICALLY fake. is clean-shaven.
My guest tomorrow night on Outreach 1310 WIBA AM : Mona Winston. Talking Juneteenth celebration this Sat.
Last day at LeftSpace photo studio San Francisco commercial Napa wedding photographer silicon valley Siliconvalley
That awkward moment when i get burned on twitter
You think after 2 home runs you quiet pitching to him!
Congrats You are an animal. Keep it up
Not really haha I have another one
It felt awesome to unplug this weekend. More and more I like keeping it simple and disconnecting.
didn't get many photos. was trying to play it cool.
Thank you so much!
i just showed my friend that pic && he said the same thing…lol who is he?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw a multidisciplinary team including a mental heath professional discusses your case.
it's supposed to be 85-90 in Boston... They're offering heat deferrals.
we aren't going to lose in Denver... Therefore we are going to game 7
THATCamp Gamers, there should be wifi info on back of your badges. If not, please see the registration desk for a password.
you betcha ! The team members are awesome!
Can't believe I just slept the last 4 hours.
watch the video !
Raw Brah's Check your twitter dudes. Come on!
What records are you stoked about being out today? I'm hunting the
hey, couldn't make it. Updates please?
Stoked to be playing a new song for all you Tucson people that will be out there at the show on Saturday!
We've got Rosemary-roasted cashews on now at Lotties for a mere $4.
If I look through my eyes I see defeat. If I look through God's eyes I see victory.
that's the anti trust speaking lol
Why lift Santorum from the ground
@ the women's conference having a real blessed time was awesome!!
Looking for lunch plans? The Skyline Club is serving lunch at TURF. Eat and see art...a winning combo!
4 reminders / day to use your camera. Shoot some 'still life' shots. Try up close and from different angles & vantage points. You got it!
Made more cheese crackers.!!!! Yumm even better the second time :)
I like to think of myself as the hurricane
I'm wishing you all an amazing holiday season with loved ones. I can't wait for 2012 to climb a bit higher.
soon come
Today is the first education planning meeting with our new Assistant Principal, Amy Brewer! So excited to have her!
I'll say it: I loved Country Strong.
pig pen back in the weight room. Good thing he's always workin out next to me.
The most frustrating device ever conceived by mankind is the text editor in Adobe Reader.
I am officially
Where do they find these black dudes willing to quit their jobs to be on
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
Once you pop, you can't stop!
I've noticed how everyone is going on about pretty yet down to earth, xbox playing, sports loving and sweet girls not existing.
I work for NBC so I guess they set something up for us
great site! check out our new mixtape "Chicago Style" and keep doing your thing.
#Happymothersday to all women and men celebrating matriarchal sacrifice with
Just discovered the #backchannel thanks to
killed it tonight!<3 thank you so much for preforming! Love you and hope to see you again!<3
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : If you're hotter than me, does that make me cooler than you?
In relation to my last tweet, this kid was borderline perfect.
Had the weirdest dream about o.O
now you have tweeted 3 times. You staying out of trouble?
were those caps implying a big IF
very pretty!
When I read Tweets I get kind of Jealous because he so far away & I know the city about to have fun
OMG Austin I'm crying :'( I love you so much :'(
you are so right, and there are so many other cases of murdered black men and no arrests, marching for all and
I've noticed that, too. Causes many mistaken identities in Google image search.
My current player has that functionality, to record into mp3's.
Hi Martha,BIz & Kathy we asked our friends from COK to hand deliver our vegan dog treats,did you get them?Awesome topic!
You are definitely my new hero. I just shared your writeup with the rest of our demand generation team. :)
Diving in to #googlerefine today. Messy expense data. Delicious.
I got to piss like so bad and this bitch is taking forever to dismiss us!
FINDING NEMO just kidding
Sent over my stuff check it out and let me know what you think.
Any team taking a shot on Kellen Moore today?
#Ignite Thanks
I'm so Fresh n so Clean Clean! Ready for this show 2nite NVME Entertainment Live NightClub Headliner Pyrexx Of ABN Gang #LEEGO!!!
drink some of [the water] that the men have drawn.” 10She prostrated herself with her face to the ground, and said to him,“Why #Torah 3
This is amazing- I have never seen the older softcover versions you have!
when you love yourself that means you are loving god
Room was hoping for the Mega, room opens at 11am for ME SNGs. $3300 Main Event @ 3pm!
Well I'm off nite friends n fuckers shout out to hoping things look up for her soon
Running around #sandiego, what a great day!
YES!! Now just one more goal guys you can do it!!
sounds great!!! Tell here i said hi!!!
One thing rasheeda DO NOT gaf about is anybodies attitude so just get over yourself cuz idc
duh, that was no star!!!
Treat me like a joke & I'll leave you like its funny.
hello tyler. have a great day!
Can't sweat the small stuff.
Omg they were bad lmaoooo.
If you know you can do better, then do better.
Thanks! Enjoyed it!
Hardest thing I did all day at work: pistachio eating competition with
#YouWasSexyUntil i heard that body magic velcro noise u tried to hide in the bathroom just now
Healthy #Sacramento kick-off mtg Nov 17 - planning integration with Viditza community. Does your community have a health initiative in need?
Can't do no favors for the haters, no, I don't owe you like that.
Oh it was! My two greatest loves all in one dream! Bahahaha.
Come in and ask for LUPITA OR JOEL and they Will Hook You UP! just say HECTOR sent me and I need my Margarita!
Thank you for including me!
I actually like that! (and I hate neon)
Of course why would my power point project that i worked on for over a month wana send or even work?!
You can choose from a great variety of products of excellent brands to completely guarantee our services and your satisfaction!
When religion results in unity, it's great. When it results in divisiveness and quarrel, not so good.
I never let her go...
Haha, I suppose we can make an exception for that.
Food truck Friday at cathedral square!
Just spoke with the president of #trek.I mentioned doin a Tim's travels at their manufacturing facility. He said "anything for tims travels"
can't wait to get Minitaur in ourselves!! Should be any day now
It's maybe 3 good and the rest blah!
you just want me cus I'm nexxt.
its already on :P
You can't tell an Asian he made a mistake. He'll go in the back and throw himself on a sword.
Very interested to see poet and artist Jeremy Sigler listed as "Publication and Editorial Manager" at
lmao that was too funny :))
;) RT : Stoked my dudes are killing it right now. Watch out! :)
I love you, Ballard Designs, but when you try to sell framed pieces of fabric for $119 apiece, you lose me.
He rap and sing. I(=
just saw "The Debt" at the movie theater tonight. Fantastic!
Rip MCA 47 is way too young
u should take a before and after pic.
amen grown ass women acting like fools
Can I hit it in the morning, sun rising while u moaning
RT - Heading to the Cleveland #Indians vs SF #Giants game! #MLB I think by default I should be rooting for the Indians?
Good to see the ex-Cards know who to cheer for.
welcome home, enjoyed your roadtrip dispatches. stop in dc anytime.
Tim is serving you and Z? I need a Tim
Lol! RT : And the winner is... RT : If I cant play then can't nobody play... Lights out!”
its terrible.
ha I made it till like 3:30 then blacked out sitting straight up on the couch.
Excited to unveil our new brand & website 2day. Check us out online @ www.everythingisontherecord.com. Let us know how we can help you!
saying what?..I say a lot on here! LOL
cause I can (:
birthday is next month!
Can we add McGehee to the mercy killing list after Counsell?
Sex Tip: Fellas, get some ice in your life N lick "it" slow.
Car break-ins are up more than 50% and police say problem could get worse. Details 11p. #pdx See you in 20 mins!
sUP TWITTER
Not having seminar seriously throws me off
Women.....the most unique creatures on the planet
New and old officer corps meeting tonight. Love to see this.
Since she never see it, i guess i can say
Good point. But, let's not have such low standards. Image her & Union Station after getting life-coached by Lucinda Williams...
Moving is a bitch
I just want to feel your hug one more time.
thanks! I love it. It's my favorite thing to decorate lol
way to be tough and stay up late!
that liquor store is awesome!
Still feeling AWFUL!
Finally, this final project is done! I can't wait to see everyone's addition to the map. Hopefully it looks great!
Thank you for killing it tonight! Can't wait to have you back!
IN MY HEAD IM LOST
Cool- putting on some more this week too
LOL. & pretty much! Jose was SO adorable!!!! omg I just wanted to take him home!!! xD
OMG! I forgot to go to bed. I can't stop working. I think I am in love with leather.
New Follower
did you last hear ... Any sound Before the consumption ?
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( <U+2665> <U+2665> xoxo
thanks for hanging up on me when I called customer service to see where my package is. That's logistics! Your service department sucks
or you could head the other direction and visit us in ABQ... and I would love to see you!
We love you! Congrats!
Welcome to Opening Day at #Indy500. Nothing like May at the Speedway. Of course the first weekend of June at Belle Isle will be awesome!
That's brilliant!!
uh huh.
Happy Pi Day! And happy birthday to 4th generation LB native & we love lb's media chick ms
Love it! : i cut open & use empty wrappers as bookmarks. Chai and Earl-Grey scented pages! XD
#Sagittarius MB guy of the day: Princeton
almonds are my easy go to protein. I snack on the all the time.
And, I'm off and running...
: I believe it depends on who likes it better. yes?
says the environment is one of the most important issues our generation faces and we need to implement new energy policies.
Lay down flat on your back, open up girl let's play attack.
I love john mcclain great football acumen and really cool person....consider him a great friend.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle.
Stayed homee fromm school & not going tommorow because I get to go on vacationn. (;
I move back and start training next Monday!
Glad you got to enjoy it! :-) RT Patio beers and the last of the Monday sunshine! @ Southport Lanes
yes... that's a challenging one for sure... but well worth the effort!
how to block in outlook: rightclick on email > choose "junk" > choose "block sender"
Sounds like a good breakfast
Everything I do I give my all. No holding back!
Hint, hint lol RT JUST ANNOUNCED - to play preseason game vs. the Utah #Jazz on October 16 at Honda Center!
“: #RAMS WIN!”. 59-56 over Drexell. The run continues again!
what's you tag?
If I go to my room when I'm ticked off, don't bother calling me back downstairs. I'm playing guitar so I don't get even more ticked at you.
The way you waalk that's sweet, the way you taalk that's sweet <U+266B>
helps if u follow others back
Today i think im gonna have a good day...well atleast i hope
I get it now!! MIA
time for a run! i'm running until my legs stop moving, even when i want them to.
Houston,Tx And You
herro! What a damn day, amirite??
Check out clothing for children with tactile sensitivity. Way to go #AlexMerlino !
Thank You, Kevin! I'm passionate about #SocialMedia & pleased to support in growing online presence. See you Thurs!
And with alot of dead games aswell
then it'll be even more annoying tomorroww!
it's 4:28.... Hahaha I'm going out shopping.
thank you!
today was nice! I'm thankful for beautifulness...... & received a very lovely smelling soap in the mail today. Thanks 2 Honey Bee Holistics!
CPAC, in short: everything modern is bad.
The Spirit inside you will help keep the conviction alive!!
Thurs, May 24!!! Be there and let me know if I need to send the car 'round!
OH ya! I live the Mix car!!!! Smooth ride to the valley will be nice!
I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change i've spent on you </3
agreed Stern will definitely make an example of Artest going into the playoffs
talking with client about their imprinted TPU iPhone4 cases.
what's the plan on the movie tonight?
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 5
I should emphasize, I'm actually at a pretty happy place in my life, UCB is still a good place to be, and I have reasonable prospects.
thanks for following. looking forward to your tweets.
#ItsAnnoying always being sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thank u for letting me know! Thank u for mentioning my post!! Love sunbutter at my house 2
Looking forward to lunch with our new Account Executive!
L.A. #Cali :) RT : I am going to eventually live somewhere that is mid 80s year round w/beaches. Bathing suit everyday please.
ugh eatin alone? RT : On the to-do list for next 2 days...work, move my house, find a restaurant open in #baltimore on
Just switched all the new #Loyola enrollment Facebook pages over to timeline. Loving the new look!
So it looks like i might have a band being put together as of today. (: My dream has always been to be a vocalist of a band. ^.^ Can't wait!
Lol! Awesome! My Koala is on the way as we speak :)
What a beautiful day today! The crime rates are going to go up.
Brushed up on some Anglo-Saxon history last night. I start reading "Beowulf" today ... good stuff.
W00t RT : The end of the week can't come fast enough.
Fear and arrogance are friends. Always remember that.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
We both seem to know
Cute phone call, dude!
I have to change that...I can't even look at it anymore.
Ever had a medicated version of a GS Thin Mint Cookie? Minty-O's for a flavor explosion in your mouth & a soothing calm for your brain.
I love you too joshy!
If you suffer from urinary incontinence, make an appointment with your #urologist today
what do you think of idol??
You'll never enjoy your life, living inside the box.
"It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit." - H.S. Truman
I thought guys were the only ones who didnt know how to take it when they get turnt down lol obviously not.
you're in the UK now? color me jealous :) have fun!
her clothing sizes rt #LivFamFeudQues name a personal statistic a women would be more likely to lie about than a man
who can stop orton?????
Lost in Stereo will always be one of my favorite songs.
Congrats to on their James Beard Award today! H/T
Recommend following , new CIO at University of Minnesota. Welcome to the CIC Scott. Need your energy!
: Merry Christmas and may God bless you and your family!
A kiss is something you cannot give without taking and cannot take without giving
Just made hashbrowns.
ok i'm sorry but verbose boot on a jailbroken iPhone just looks Need!
I just reread Gloria Naylor's Mama Day...that woman is amazing.
When he tweets he is such a gentleman is one in a million
made some big progress last night, finally I can take a nap
#masseffect3 's ending just ruined the game for me
Getting ready for running club...kinda like book club but show up out o' shape & running partner won't have it! High knees, high knees...
I hope you have/had a wonderful birthday!! <3<3
taking advantage of this rain and going to sleep <3
Thanks to all who came out to last night. We had a wonderful time! Now on to on Monday night! See you there.
Southern California Writers Conference rocks! Enjoyed all workshops I gave; learned from every participant; inspired to finish my novel now
I'm turning in my tickets and NOT watching another game if ADAM DUNN is in the lineup! He's beyond awful!
oh yeah you're in Austin now
Story is not about entering plot points into a script.
uh oh looks like a found a replacement!!!!!
one to mix; 2 full productions to go.
I own "Global" knives and need a quality sharpening stone. Any suggestions?
RT : "Embrace the lack of control" from at #Brandworks ... a great metaphor for life.
The difference in your day and tomorrow is your faith.
Had so much fun tonight!! I really needed it!!! :))) Sad it's over!!! :/
I told you boyz it's a UPTOWN THANG NIGGA
Heading to #AAS2012 in Toronto? China Beat consulting editors and Ken Pomeranz will be there, too; make sure to say hi :)
I have something that will help clear your throat. And it includes being naked!
Big thanks to for rejecting #climate skeptic Ben Stein as spokesman. Smart guy, but smarter than 97% of climate scientists?
did you leave??
That's fantastic! Congrats! cc
WARNING Actors before taking classes or seminar google the person giving the classes and after the name type fraud or scam, protect yourself
Why do I thank the toll taker every day? They should thank me for the thousands of dollars I give them to drive on their precious road.
This Rain aint no joke!
I hope that, when i move back to pdx, everyone will treat me as if i never left.
RT: Look at the fucken Moon! >>> they said that in Japan Yesterday
seems like the video quality is better than standard Comcast, but is that because it's b&?. Or soes that not matter?
I'm not a lawyer, but froth over legality of Pinterest seems overblown. Been linking to other sites on the Web for years with no blowback.
Did I really just crash my computer without saving my excel workbook & 20 pg word doc?
no problem, miss you too. I've been good though, same ol. How've you been? What's new? And as for Legends, I would if I could.
Behind every babyfaced twink is an old perve with a fat wallet!! NoLie
What you doin in here, makin a big ass sandwich-n-shit
So glad Viola Davis is who represents RI.
I can believe R-Trhuth was stalking the miz the whole time but it was funny.. Then R-truth got the miz!!
I'm listening to it right now(: It is awesome! My favorite right now gots to be Don't Let Me Go! Ha. It is on repeat!
One final thought. #Goodnites should have a contest where kids submit designs. Have they done that b4?
definitely play8ing with a purpose...to make us move! wish I coulda captured dancing!!
he doesnt follow me. Ur fine (:
Josh Hamilton is a beast! It doesn't get much better than 4 HRs in one game.
Do you work Sundays?
#Coachella just closed their set with their recognizable hit "Light of the Morning" from the 2011 #ford mustang commercial.
Just read a curious and compelling article from , about Amish and Mennonite runners in PA. April '12 issue
"Ugh" xD Bahah. Thank you Zerraaan. I felt like I kinda needed to finally change my picture. ;D Loving your new Profile pic too. !
Oh child, this Twitter trending topic is so racist.
same here G
Today will be the first time in my last 6 trips that I'll arrive in St Martin on something other than a ship
On my lunch break with a headache
tonight in ! OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP ENTRY on our guest list! rsvp:
when is it?
Panthers by one! I'm diggin this!
RT &quot;: Turn on your TV! Operation Osmin is on now!&quot;
What are some easy tips to help keep our dental office in the "green?"
said you are the funny! And he's all Stoic and shit.
Wow...I can smell the smoke all the way in my office at the library.
Seriously ? I'd have to pay $75 to catch a one hour earlier flight?
Tattoo Your Name Across My Heart , So It Will Remain , Not Even Death Will Do Us Part. -
I haven't added the pr stuff yet because I figured we could chat before that. I want to try to do it this week though
Penn state blue band member Kurt Cleckner, who played hail to the lion for paterno ceremony is interning at Carestream Health in Rochester
Thanks 4 the follow ==>
People who laugh live longer than those who don't. Health actually varies according to the amount of laughter. James J. Walsh
are you feeling alright? Lol
Evening has wokn like the 1st evening Bitrsweet tokn of a good day Praise 4 the chapel praise 4 the evening in the Big Apple finding the way
LUSH Cosmetics, The Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society International Launch Global Campaign To End ...
Friendship Bracelets :)
Just wanted to make sure no one missed any of the selling points at the Clown Motel. ;-)
We're so happy to hear you enjoyed the event! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Sonya Blade. FINISH HIM!
RT : Patio's full. Hope this earns him a steady gig. /Terrific news.Thank you for sharing.
fake bitch
Will do when I return from Paris! 10 days :)
congrats on the new target business, !
Maybe you should start a franchise. Excellent sauces would be key . . .
RT : Cynthia Rowley confirmed to speak at WIE 2011? Log on to see who else will be speaking this year: www.wiesymposium.org
DO YOU WANT A COOKIE?
Lol my name change only for a min lol.
Candice Aragon playing Fri & Sat at Fatso's. She has opened for musical greats like Heart, Chris Isaac, Donovan, Lisa Loeb & Michelle Branch
Been there. Dumped that.
Similarly ambivalent about broadcasting theatre. Very interested to see it tho, esp as I've played the role of Pheadre
we are going to be friends.
see you there! & naaahhhh. I wish tho. I was just asking.
Stop by if you want some fresh food and fresh margaritas!
Beatriz said she never thought she would be able to move up to the blue band; well, you did it girl! Believe & achieve! Congrats to Beatriz!
Senior Knowledge Management Specialist Opportunity in Phoenix, AZ! Email me at !
Spit da flame,propane...waterfall..make dat pussy rain!!!!
where's the tunes?
Another baby fox just appeared:) #yay #lovethem <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
IS FRIDAY!! and if you did not know, check your calendar peeps.
I'm not ready
"Beauty without virtue is like a flower without perfume."
i make sure my cats know how cool of cats they are everyday
Cold & Rainy day, come cheer up with us for HALF PRICED BOTTLES OF WINE! ALL BOTTLES HALF PRICED!
Thankful to see another day
PickUpLine: Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
While it is often true that people are pigs, it is never true that pigs are people. - Mary Roach
I can definitely see him driving a Prius. Yuck.
with the TD!!
will say Mehdi & Henry have their moments, I'd choose my feeling as 'tense'. Godspeed #RBNY!
It sucks about Eureka. The reason they canceled it, is bc it's too expensive to make. It had nothing to do with ratings. :(
The Red, Black and Blonde is back baby!!!!
Its so crazy how i cant even say your nameor looking at your pic
Yep....typical pattern for us. And this one is a followup with the Arth doc....
Yes, the three yogurts I ate Thursday morning really mystified my table-mates!
Haha I'm sorry! Did you talk to him ? We could do it tomorrow if you want babygirl.
Today was a rough day for me as a #NewYorkKnicks fan but I have to get over it and get ready for Game 2.
,my girl is giving birth to a dream and we need to support her. let's come together and see her through in Jesus name, amen!
Great start to #kylestock2012!!
Amazon Shows Groupon How It Could Be A Lot Less Annoying (AMZN, GRPN) via
on NW Sports Tonight right now!!
I feel you, Whats Shakin On ya End of Thangs, We gotta set a day for the dells, group or wha?
whats your favorite part about singing?
Listening to Soap Opera Today on with
definitely defiantly true um lmao “: all nut(s) are edible outside the shell.”
Laying the groundwork for the new R&B project! Meet with the producer and spoke w/ songwriters tonight.
Goes great with chorizo! RT : This is National Salsa Month!
OMG, what is that on your arm?!
when the boy messes up the sacrament prayer 4 times
shew, cici's pizza makes me feel yucky.
Feelin bored.. Hm
i heard there were some tornadoes in texas!! I hope they werent in san antonio!(:
I will see you Friday, Is it outside? In the downtown area?
i wanna meet somebody famous.half my family met jay z cause we live by where he grew up as a kid but....thats still isnt a excuse! lol!
Growing up half my family would talk over me so do not worry about grandpa
They look better with their mouth full =P ": Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut [If I had Any) (via ) - lmao"
Some niggas still aint made a song better than New Edition - Candy Girl. Me being one of em lol.
RT : like gramma said "purse first, ass last!" lol! < "A wet pussy and a dry purse makes no sense!" LMAOOO!!!!
John help me make this trend about people who kill themselves when many fight SUPERHARD to stay alive .
Going to St. Louis tomorrow~ laundry and packing are in order!
Yes I do!
Hey thanks!! Glad to hear you like the tunes :)
Apparently my computer is capable of throwing temper tantrums and taking voluntary naps...What a slut
No 23 is too young for a guy to get serious, they can't get serious at that age lol
That is a great idea, ! Cafe owners - can we please have some writers-only hours? Kind of like Adult Swim?
I felt like allowing them back in my space was doing them a favor...
so cute. Children are such kind blessings in our lives.
U.S. stocks rose Thursday as investors applauded signals that interest rates would remain low.
Just downloaded new mixtape S(HE) BE(LIE)VE(D) for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com! JASMINEV MIXTAPE
Now time for guitar lesson, yeah the dude is learning to tap into his musical shortcomings. #BOOYAH!
ha, wishful thinking
Sangria Saturdays is on! Unlimited sangria!
I started my own business because I couldn't find employment. YES! for being unemployable!
Happy Birthday #Fujifilm !
Who knew Gandalf was also a cinematographer?
RTs are not endorsements.
god hate have to edit videos
I just wanna save you, while there's something still left too save
great atuff. check out dulkes of dixieland and oak ridge boys newest album www.dukesofdixieland.com
Thank the lord for letting me see another day :)
2 days and a wake up!
oh hey! I know you:)
Promote a service or produce with Google Places coupons.
We love those who admire us, but not those whom we admire.
I love Hot Topic.
When our Clients are in need of a temporary employee, the sense of urgency is taken seriously at The Emerald Agency.
Maybe can play defensive back for #Patriots.Can't b worse than who is there now & he might work better w/lesser QBs throwin 2 him
“You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.” -Ronald Reagan
You gotta have your MENTAL game down
You liked a picture of Jesus? The heaven gates are open for you.
You know you've got an amazing girlfriend when she references and jokes with you about Uma, the remote developer she's never met.
How can we use these ideas to make the world better?
I have to check because I I did fly out to that 7/11 in Baltimore for my tix
hope your #iwinroundtable was everything you hoped it would be!!
Thinking of the entire #ClassOf1891. So proud to have been a part of that little skit we did. So proud of what you all accomplished since.
#ReasonsToSayAmen blowing somebody spot up with the truth.
Hey Rachel, what is 'me marketing'...so I know to never do it myself. Can you explain? =)
so happy i wanna cry!!feels like all the chasters win tonight!!
You at the show= awesome. You + a cake at the show= awesomer.
so why have i started listening to #Delilah all of a sudden?
Go out with me.
Thanks for alerting me! I was just feeling overwhelmed with all I have to do today...maybe the cleaning can wait LOL
All u need to know about NHL Playoffs, Coyotes were 42-40 in regular season, #lakings 40-42, yes I'm counting 'overtime losses' as losses...
Hey Gardner! Haven't seen you in 30 years! How's life?
I wish there was an app to tell you how crowded the gym is right now.
Jet lag is kickin mabutt. Off to the zoo with the boys &amp; Lucy.
your satire is funniest and best directed at those in power. Manatee mailbox seemed mean, and scornful.
Ended up with someone else's sunglasses. Sorry! They look just like mine. Anyone missing them?
#MahomiesLoveAustin! :) i bet we're gonna trend that! :) #MahomiesGoHard!
4 DAYS OFF!!!
Hey BMc whats the name if that song you play at the end of your show where Big sexy is dancing?
And People Wonder Why I Never Get on this Account ; Because SOME people Just Say DUMB SHXT!
previous tweet courtesy of
Only 15 more days! :D
Which of our music videos have u watched more than once? How many times?
we never sleep.
heel cups sound dirty...
RT . Dear NHL teams, anytime you want to start beating Detroit or St Louis the beer's on us. Thanks, Blackhawks
Yanks had the highest premium ticket price in 2011 at $312.11, but Red Sox owned the highest avg at $53.38
Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy.
School work pairs well with live Met Opera broadcast. #gradschool via
60 degrees and sunny Sunday. Perfect day for a mimosa & our front patio!
I wish would do something like unstream(:
"The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.."
I'm aight just doing what I got to do
Got smoked. Had to translate a menu in French printed on a card I chose from a hand of other cards, each containing a challenge.
Nice to met you Robert!
I miss u by blink 182 fuck yeah bitch :-)
do you use Salesforce content?
MT Getting excited for Sat! Aidan gets to sit in the seat at #LSP during the game.
Thats y we love him! RT : Only can watch #xfactor, tweet about it and feel like he did "productive work"
girl his songs are already included, just adding some new stuff in (:
I was simply suggesting you look at advertising on website. Lots of readership and a daily dose of cycling humor
Vegetable garden?
Rogan is too funny. Listen to his podcast Sodomy_Slim.
I seriously need to buy a pair of shorts.
All I want is cable. Damn landlord.
thank god she is back!! I bet you were terrified.
Yea this hurt a lil bit
Have you ever laugh at yourself after talking to someone you've never met about your business?
Glad your class visited, ! What kind of discussions followed? "Questions? Comments?"
Looks like did not get the white shirt and khakis memo bit.ly/zH3l9y
thanks for the Twitter love :)
can u plzz follow
#Starsailor popped up on shuffle mode. Man I wish I could see them live!
I look so damn sexy....I wanna fuck myself
I've seriously made up my mind
: Are you open to relo?
Society has such low standards for entertainment these days. The arts are dead. #depressing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the crowd, buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks, I don't care if I never get back!
Frances Bay RIP that's a sad one...always amazed how she would pop up in nearly everything.
Google Makes Big Video Push With AdWords for Video
I enjoy seeing how you combine different accessories with outfits on your blog, great combinations
took a 6hr nap, woke up and my Dm has nun but redbones in it!! lol
on my own hyoe tacked the fuck out, dont matter wat you say it matterz wat you bout
Grateful for the cool weather this wknd. Busted the car ac going thru deep water in Jemez during monsoon yesterday.
I know. It's dumb. Recruit harder lol.
Thank you! Glad u enjoyed it. It was shot in Dallas,Tx and Garland, Tx. I have a few more projects in the works :)
#Money&Hoes, I got
Have a great afternoon, folks. I'm heading outside to work in the garden w/ podcasts.
will there be a Patty Mills sighting tonight in Utah?
I guess that depends on how you look at it! We are moving down to NYC sometime in June. Pretty excited. Will miss Boston.
for serious
Sanfrancisco here i come!
F that I want tha bitch to get a whiff of what they AIN'T gon get! Lol
Im going to the basketball game to see the Detroit Pistons play the New York Knicks and your NOT
Is so fucking tierd. But happy.
67,400 going to 800/1600. 42 BBs! #WPTHardRock And best spot at the table got moved after he called my river bet to chop. He was right, lol.
what does "ripped" mean?
Thanks! Love you too
im going for the food. Haha. I suck at bowling.
It's the app.
I'm just so in love with crazy Charlotte.
I'll break some plates for ya
I've somehow been persuaded to watch the third disc of Game of Thrones.
Glad to hear it! :O)
money is really talking more now that these banks are gonna start charging u to swipe it out 5$everytime lmaofff $$$$$$$$$$$yahurd17me
Done in STL. Shows over. Now back to Las Vegas, where the real shows about to begin I know I'm ready...are you #WranglerNation?
Totally bummed out by retirement of
Yo, you heading over to Commercial today?
Glad to find out there's no carbon monoxide in my house. I'm not ready to die yet.
I don't care what women say!! Not 1 woman cleared snow from my door 1man did. Not 1 woman pushed my stuck car! 2 men did.We need MEN!Always!
Yes... it's only supposed to be a 3 day forecast - hence the correction. We also have a 10 day forecast if you want it.
Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Great Third Thursday networking with UNF Alumni! Every third thursday come to Seven Bridges Jax to have fun!
Yes it is ... And Thanks missed me by 2-3 miles!
I think w/no feedback I wld have continued. I wanted to get my story out &knew it wld take time. Almost expected no response at firs
I missed my 10th tweet c:
Whoa whoa whoa the Real Friends show tonight is at a house party AND it's free? Who wants to go with me?
San Diego Wedding Photog shoots across the globe since 1998 :) Nathan Petty
Up early getting ready to minister today.
You can't soar with the eagles if you're out hooting with the owls. I gotta go to work
#AthensMemories track season when me and was goin in on everybody especially then pumbox
Thanks for becoming a fan, Tricia Colin!
cusz the rapture took place and you was left beehind RT I saw your seat empty yesterday
I know! Craziness! I hope the pay is decent
omg when is that? And how?!
#Shoutout to ===> <=== for following a real nigga, Don't be a stranger gorgeous ;)
im full af
I never thought it could be me
your dumb!(; <3
Aww nice! One of the artists I work with are about to play now - Megan & Liz. Hope you're doing well!!
Listening to Avril Lavigne's new album goodbye lullaby
#90sproblems RT IF YOU HAD A GAME BOY WITH TAPE ON THE BACK TO KEEP THE BATTERIES IN BECAUSE YOU LOST THE COVER OR BROKE IT
knoxville bound!
Only 28 Days until Fedora 11!!
you guys are playing at my friends place on the 14th...i'll come rep pville with you...
is working on strategies to pass the word about ! I love being on the Ambassador Team!
I am so disapointed in you! I thought you were a good Democrat! Now I find out you are a #TEABAGGER Taken $ from seniors &poor
I hate windy sunny days -__-
My dad is so obnoxious lol
amen! sounds like a great way to spend the afternoon!
Yeah. I was supposed to take my mom shopping but she's sick so now I'm hoping my gma will take me and Brit somewhere today...
We hear excuses everyday why customers wont buy products. Here are a few of my favorites.
black balck roses in my garden.
I wake up each morning anticipating God's miracles and blessings.
Yeah let's hope it comes down to that! The best team in the 4th quarter vs. the worst team in the 4th quarter.
bang! Bang!
Just Happy This Is Going To Court": Special prosecutor Angela Corey: she says her prosecutors have won and lost Stand Your
ice pops are the best. Just eat the box. we won't judge you.
Season 4 of brings jobs to 480 Oregonians & 600 local vendors.And total dollars is impressive. 11pm
“: Gaining a thousand followers in a weekend? #possible.” yes yes yes!
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? The Holocaust.
RT : Learn about the family structure of enslaved Africans in the US & how it retained African cultural charatceristics:...
Fuck ya finally #Spurs tomorrow!!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your staring at someone and they catch you...
As long as no parents had injuries... I consider that a big success!!
yeah if I started going out with someone I would to... If not my mom would probably ground me for keeping s big secret
I think it's so "foreign" to some people, they don't want to deal with it longer than "necessary".
Gary Cannalte's forecast: bit.ly/xmpb7 Chances of flurries Monday and late Wed/Thur
Thanks 4 the BirthDay wishes 4 Cory. He's a real blessing and we enjoyed our time at dinner with him. Have a good day, friend!
RT - Indians' bullpen labors in 6-4 loss to D-backs (AP): AP - Cleveland's bullpen has been stellar all season, so when ...
meeting and in 32 days on Valentine's Day <3
The only way to break news about yourself is by yourself. And bc it's hilarious.
They also talked about how SKC is now one of the loudest home enviroments in the mls
Get to get my ticket home at noon tomorrow transformus 2012
Yep I'm down in SD. Where you at these days? Can we please do coffee or drinks over the holiday??
Sorry about Thurmond Munson and Cory Lidle RT i hope you know i hate the red sox and wish they would die in a plane crash
well now i found out that a certain person is telling people at school that i'm a bad friend/person, that i'm fake, etc. (cont)..
Fire is a good servant but a poor master. - Darkovan Proverb
"6 secrets to change" food for thought for educators, Justin Tarte ,
How do yo still have more papers due? Regular school is over.
Some girls jus dont kno waz right for them & what they really want!!!
A special thanks to for his help this week
Please remember me.
hi there! Likewise!!:)
thx for that , it looks like good information
- - true dat! When is it coming back? Do you know?
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left, and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi"
Eating less calories doesn't necessarily mean eating less food.. You want to eat foods that give you the most for your calorie buck whic ...
oh no now everyone will know we go to bullmoose way too much...
Loadin up and headin out to the awesome Oregon dunes!! for some fun in the sun with the family and friends riding atvs. life is good!!!
Sen. Breslin gives address in support of all three bills on our agenda. Breslin says, "Politics should be about one thing: fairness."
turn around, their healthcare is way too good.
thx for following us. We'd love to work with you all to screen our film on May 1st.
can I borrow a tommy gun? Tattoo kid in my algebra class is top on the list.
Dude I LOVE Torchwood! Have we discussed BSG? RT : Torchwood? Don’t mind if I do.
RT : We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves. - Galileo Galilei”
Wow! To be on top of the world then be swallowed up by it!
thank you!
Stefano=yum Pia=OUT THANK YOU if Stefano or Jacob got the boot I was going 2 say the show is rigged. Actually the show is still rigged
Proactiv commercials must be where celebrity careers go to die.
We're fucken stupid anyways might as well be useful in some way. Can I get a hi-5? <U+270B>
At the friends house hanging out. What are you doing? :)
Why are lunchables so amazing?!?
only been watching #sopa hearings for 20mins, seems abundantly clear that the folks making this decision DON'T understand the implications.
possibly, another again today sub' different class i got moved ..i seriously dunno' why lol
What better than Burgerville before the big new year's eve party...enjoy great food then go party...
connected consumers do everything online. don't question it, just embrace it says at
had Five Guys for first time. Burgers are great, fries too soggy for my liking.
Android developer jobs open at Samsung San Jose, CA
Holy shit at this storm
Did you know.. It takes over 20 individual steps to process many Oolong teas.
love you ladies too!!!
I was way too drunk last night to drive home....So I drove to another party.
Keep Conan! www.imwithconan.com
Triple Trouble.
I'm addicted...to my #Scrabble app...going on 5 months now. I think I needed a meeting...or two.
I am a duck! lol
ok, who is compiling tao lin's comments on blog posts about marie calloway and adrien brody? there must be someone.
Joyce Valenza: Who is an expert? What is a primary source? Information challenge in the digital age
Eliminate the things that make you unhappy.
About to watch the inferior but still decent HITCHKIHERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY on IFC.
Q6: I'd start by saying the web isn't the answer for everything. What outlet(s) does your adult community use?
Not with a joystick... the real deal.
just looked that up--hmm theater or journo?
dam you kelvin I needed a good laugh to end the night
I did chest n shoulders yesterday my boobs r Soo sore !!!
The #Spring Cavalcade is coming up on May 5th! Our lovely sponsors:
I can't I have to babysit
You. Stupid.
I'm trying to be objective.. Bron's new "humble" attitude seems so forced and non genuine.
A few more beers and I might just attach a twitpic.
Shooting two shorts in one day.
- Or Youu Cann Look Onn My Twitter Profile ,& He My Background .
yes we will!!!
i already just followed you lol
I want nachos.
Make that 140+
Love it when the local news teaser is "When will we see the sun? More at 10."
RT beer's great, but gin is my true companion.. That was a 2pac verse from The Streets is Dearh Row. I drinks it all
The boyz recent interview >>>
SINCE YOU HAD YO USE YOUR OUTSIDE VOICE NOW YOU'LL NEVER FIND OUT !
Lol.. At some point this summer, I def will. Or an M's one!
I have died everyday waiting for you.
just posted your awesome article. hope our readers enjoy!
Not a train, but Post Office (aka Pickup) Sq is pretty good for that too. Also, real trains are fantastic. Jealous....
Gotta love the feeling of a fresh clean smile! What's your favorite toothpaste??
is in pre-production of his upcoming feature film "LOVE HEIST" - A film by Danny Boushebel. Follow us on the FB fanpage!
lets get it man!!!
Started working on a few designs for Westlake Film Festival. If nothing else, it will be a great spec job for the 101 Creative portfolio.
Me: Austin! Will you marry me? Austin: What? Me: What? What did I say? Austin: Will you marry me? Me: OMFG OF COURSE YES, AUSTIN!
Want to wake your mom up with a smile? Bring her to Krispy Kreme: We're giving a free cup of coffee to every mom on Mother's Day! RT please!
is the most amazingist girl ever <3
going wild without my husband home. i put my dish in the dishwasher and didnt even rinse it first!
#ccwebinar Mobile Apps for Restaurants, Golf Courses, Real Estate, Medical, Retail Boutiques. Thanks for presentation today.
I'm so over this shit.
The #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Community Service Fair is today from 12-4 PM at the Nightingale-Bamford School! Be sure to stop by!
are you guys going to put together a page of participants?
Peace brother! Shafiq & I were discussin ways 4 me 2 rock n LA. He suggested we talk. Any assistance u can offer wud be appreciated.
"A hater is a confused admirer.. they just don't know yet." ..kid's annointed son, no doubt..
headphones in, music blasted.
“: What up doe!! RT : Hey”nothin bout finish at work!
Minnesota leads Silver Stars 43-40 heading into final 10 minutes.
Did you know she has never been here before? We might take a road trip to smuggle me in LA ;] Then she'll have to meet Pay!
no go on trip, no get no rum
#sfsmells 24 bus outbound: paint marker, Malibu rum, weed.
You are the sun inside of me<U+2665>
Why...why do I watch the commercials on DVR shows?! There's a button for that, obviously.
Teaching Intro at ICC in Soho and had a chat with Jacques Pepin in the hallway. Pretty cool!
Hey case how are you? hit your buddy up , ill be sure to call you when I make some more oxtails...
Colima Linda apartment homes are located in San Diego,CA. We are east of Mission Bay, and south-east of Tecolote Canyon. Call 858.279.7410
RT : On the road to Hana. This is what I would call God's country.
I'm bout to p.o.
RT If u ever despair about the state of the world,remember all the goodness from the #Twitter challenge!
Never walk another man into your wall and expect him to not see it coming.
GO BACK TO ENGLAND, YOU IRISH GUY
its been a long time since we talk hope u guys are doing okay how r u
Almost all the IU players, Eric Gordon, and Mason Plumlee from Duke all here at the Twin Lakes Center.
Weapon studios starting to look Nice fresh and clean
are keeping secrets from me...TELL ME!!!!!
no you sound great..
amen girl!
Thank you so much for the wonderful tweet! Hope you are having a beautiful day!
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose. -- Langston Hughes
I know! I got a note on FB and I was like, "What?!?". But u know what I'm glad that u both are still cool
Thanks and for being our newest Barkitecture sponsors! This year's gonna be the best ever!
Tomorrow will be a better day because my bones won't hurt after falling on my ass while ice skating!
i was supposed to study for exams this weekend
All day yesterday I thought it was Thursday and all day today I keep thinking it's Wednesday.. When's the weekend?!
At Barnes & Noble.
Ha! I'm just as slow--didn't realize it was you either, Todd. Glad we got that cleared up.
We're the only species that saves the weak
It's 5pm in California! Cheers!
Just tryna make sure 5:00 comes as fast as possible today.
Starting to see results from the gym :)
I will visit them too, then. Thanks a lot!!
You're probably already onto this, but I just started using #Sweave in #Rstudio-- amazing for #R and #LaTeX!
WATCH SIZING,REPAIRS,CRYSTALS,WATCH BANDS, BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! WE BUY GOLD & SILVER !
I have panic attacks every time I go to the supermarket/drugstore bc I'm overwhelmed by choices.
some theater somewhere needs to do a con air / face/off / vampire's kiss triple feature. get on that.
Cleaning out 30 GB's of space on one's laptop tends to make it run much smoother. High five.
#FailedRapperNames Tyler the Creator. Wtf did you create?
Thanks to all our "Focus on the Customer" webinar participants for their interest and Q & A's!
apparently is going to sue me... MUHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAA
This MT : US imports 45% of its oil, down from 57% in 2008. Efficiency, domestic oil, nat gas and renewables share credit
god jeneva. You're SO annoying! Why are you so loud and funny and awesome! Its SO annoying!
Seasons 52 is excited to announce that we will be opening a restaurant in Princeton, NJ at MarketFair Mall during spring 2014!
I like college 'cause of the karate bro!
twitter, what are you talking about? these people are not similar to me :P
It escaped INTO the garage before I could catch it and take it somewhere safe. I expect it will find its way out.
I've been sleeping all day.
rough first inning, but Yu is looking pretty good now
GOING TO BROWN BIRD! good luck premature tweeting strikes again!
THANK YOU SO MUCH! <333
Nice! Shoot me an email with the details!
I got it done by a pro while at the Cook off over the weekend. I dont go out much to get jewelry & they had a Piercing tent
Would it be too much of a statement if I threw a water baloon at the next lazy or pointlessly slow toll booth attendant?
NOPE! Makes no sense at all
so true: if a project is not worth allocating resources to, it is not worth doing.
Karaoke starts at 10 tonight, come show off your talent!
Late night showers are bomb!
did u have a good mothers day???
#NP Jay Z "Say Hello" Good night tweetums.
how was your weekend??? did anyone listen to awesome music? we've got "cough syrup" on repeat!
Enjoying my first taste of Stevia in the Raw (& a fiesta morning sandwich) at flying star. Happy cinco de mayo! Y'all be careful out there!
Lazy Sunday
What games are you going to this weekend
I'm ridiculously excited by the news that Lexington is finally getting a bubble tea place. T doesn't like tapioca so isn't quite as giddy.
Bickering Roommates. So much fun.
It's the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it who makes a difference
who are these people????:)
i did too
Please do nerd day tomorrow
2 of 3 predictions correct. Well done Mark! The costumes really attracted my attention when I watched "The Artist"
Damn you banana laffy taffy for being so delicious!
Tara! Thanks for making it such an awesome group of nominees. Mostly excited to be included with all of you.
Got that face you can't forget. Hyatt Place staff recognized me instantly. And, put me in the exact same room I was in last month. Scary!
I don't have your number . I thought I did
EVERYONE SHOULD GO CHECKOUT AND
20 minutes away from home
sucks to suck.
it helps your game son...lol
Uhm. How the hell did I LOSE one "like?" C'mon people...get me to 300 so someone can get a free t-shirt!
Been nose to the grindstone, sleeping just when others are waking, then waking an hour later. Will have the site up soon!
hacked by mauhaha love u sis! everyone plz add if you are a true friend to Amber!
Some online applications have hidden timers, and companies will just ignore apps when people take too long.
yes, thinking of switching from android to iPhone 4S. except keep hearing good things about Nexus Prime. torn :-(
Long day wishing I was tired.
"i like girls with a nice personality" MARRY ME.
10 official requests for a state or congressional recount have been filed, incl all 3 possible congressional districts
way to go girl..Wassup these days hope all is good!!
Do you have a show planned for Chicago yet?
Me:This will make it all stop.Ur runny nose, ur coughs, ur insomnia. Her: Sounds like a gospel song right now.
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome."
It will be okay, just pray over it.
don't press your luck :p
watched 4 years ago,he was just a small town kid from canada,never thot he would be a world wide phenomenon but
Wow, so I tripped in my room and now my ankle, hip, and knee are throbbing.
2nd interview with Linked In tomorrow. Please dear Lord grant me favor and allow me to standout amongst so many candidates.
Need sleep bad. But when I get home 9 hours from now I will be too charged up to sleep. Love the graveyard shift
Cocktail of the day: Blueberry Lavendar Margarita- Tequila, blueberry, lavendar sugar, touch of lime. You're welcome Monday
Somebody To Go Out There Way With No Shame Just To Put A Smile On My Face <U+2665>
Moonball from #Deng! Great way to end the quarter!
Today we are teaching our after school youth about the we want peace campaign and showing the we want peace video by !
I'd like to think that you're worth my time, but you embody everything that I hate.
NEW DIRECTIONS FINALLY WON HELL YEAH.
So much fog can't even see my school....
i would trust you ma
It is time to get ready to research, document, and write a library service report. Last week, I compared the library to a supermarket. W.O.W
My boss told my co-workers, "No matter how rude something is, if Melinda says it, people LOVE her for it!"
I hope you are rethinking your position and you are standing up for the USA as GOP candidate!
Playing golf with my dad next weekend in Memphis. I'm jonesing for some golf.
well... i am a bird watcher.
Yes! The Homie Instigate and his girl are town! Gonna be a reunion!
I wish you were here. I want you with me right now...
hold the bitch , jus sold the bitch , fuck you pay me what i told the bitch. - cocaine
"This will go down as Dallas' worst playoff loss ..."
Never ceases to amaze me how this is missed. Or how QR codes are added to locations where NO human could possibly scan.
JANE BARTEL ROCKS at #Wits!!
omg stop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> im gonna cry when u leave me
You win :-P
That is total bull. Saw that movie last year, and it desperately needs to be seen by as many teens/adolescents as possible.
My brain isn't sure if it's still late from the Springsteen concert or really this early a trek to LAX... first option seems less painful
I don't care if people take them, I just wish I didn't have to know about it.
Internet Explorer, the Nickelback of internet servers.
I should do my hair now because i will not have the time to do it tomorrow
thanks for following! Have you had a chance to check out Antengo?
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. also go hunger games! =)
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
what does the even mean?
too bad I'm already a follower! :-)
matter of time befo them white people get pissed off
I hope so lol
Another rainy day on LI, at least its just Monday
Thank you, I'm not sure what to do.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 8
going to sleep goodnight <3
I've been fixing things for almost 7 months now. I spent lots of money on my dream. I just hope everything will be fine.
Dont forget to join us Saturday for the Circle 5K race and our very first sale here at WhatKnots!
Counting down the hours... RT : Young Alumni Happy Hour tonight at Binkleys on 54th and College! 6–7:30 p.m. (It's free!)
awesome...I think we can make that happen :-)
"Italy Misses Kidrauhl" gtfo already. There is a lot of place he havent even been to yet, like Norway and Sweden! Give them a chance.
Looking for others interested in sharing a 4 pack of tickets to see Seth Godin speak on June
4 Days and 21 hours until ! Make sure you stop by the for some fun family activities, we are open daily
Protest oligarchic power, backroom dominance of government & usurping of the regulatory structure from within.
Still looking for a good Cleveland restaurant? Check us out sometime.
Ahh, a face only a mother could love.
i'm practical...old fashioned...#ESQUIRE$WAG
Just a few days left! Donate 2 canned food items at St. Rose/Eastern location for , receive a free med iced/hot coffee
thanks TJ! You rule.
MCC is seeking high-tech companies for Career Exploration night. Doing something cool that would excite your future employees? Call 292-3748
How did you find out about the summit?
#nowlistening Reunited by Peaches and Herb. Haven't heard the song in a while and I love the old school.
Perhaps will get to take your class in the future. Alums have to line up behind currently enrolled students. Happy holidays.
Have you used Mozilla Popcorn Maker yet? What are your thoughts?
*Sees caller I.D. Keti - Picks up phone*. Me: "Hello?", Keti: "We love you dawn, bye now".
The good news? I have to write a Civil War book. The bad news? I have to write a Civil War book...
pumped for 3 hrs of sitting
Timbers' fans Geoffrey C. of the Oregonian is on sports sunday tonight. Tweet in a question B4 6pm. We'll use it in our segment.
The burger idea was definitely on the brain.
hahhaa that took a really long time!
If you wish to take courses in ESL subject areas, you will want to explore the Western International University
I caught a piece of it while my lakers got smoked. Its awful. Stereotypes sistas as loud n aggressive.
Working on a new blog! Gentlemen, what is something you'll never understand about women? Ladies, what will you never understand about men?
you rock!!
Walked away and came back I got mentions for things that have nothing to do with me.
Agreed! Didn't know you were a Stillers' fan. Another thing we have in common.
Don't mind me, desk-sobbin' at a 6-Year-Old boy with Cerebral Palsy walking to his Marine dad for the first time.
Yea ..lol but tell me u feel me on this one?: Swagger? No? Lol too close?
It's almost Easter, world!
Red Space Gallery is reverently hoping for good news to come from the #ideafund oh please, oh please.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 11
what's your email?
RANDOM CHUCK NORRIS MOMENT! Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
DAMMIT! Guess I don't need to worry about the NHL playoffs this year. Heat playoffs it is.
#MYSTRANGEADDICTION . THESE PPLEZ SO CRAZY IM LYKE OMG REALLY !
Patrick, you look pretty darn cute in your avatar. :-)
Yay, my Kroger can do it, thanks!
The only fake friends I had when I was young were my imaginary friends. Now I can't even keep track ...
But then i have to like get up. And quickly apparently.
'Josh Hutcherson caught buying alcohol.'
lol I settled, and didn't read it. too long. lol
They just took me out the convo lol its cool doe. I'm goin to sleep goodnight
Don't give up on your dreams.... they're out there... waiting on you.
When the smog lifts in Los Angeles, U C L A.
Kobe now listed as "game-time" decision with stomach ailment after he misses shootaround. Is there really a chance he'll miss this game?
you're getting your transplant?
Imagine how many lives you could change, how many days you could brighten simply by responding in kindness.
Do you use Referral #Networking as part of your #marketing strategy? If so, check out
Your mad because I did the right thing.
nite tweeps...it's been fun...
I tried stepping over one of my dogs and ended up stepping on my other dog.
Im just Jazzy. Take it or take a hike.
“: playing with introfly. it's dope man.” thanks!!
Funny thing because I hate raisins!
Thanks Dani. Happy Valentines Day! Love u! xo
he was talking about me.
Can someone please tell that we needn't be shy with butter anymore?
Two for one hash caps at The Clinic today!!
ah damn it why ;( try sending another message then
Cameron is rocking those skinny jeans.
The way UK has been playing in the SEC Tournament, I wouldn't count on it yet.
I c u free bra dae was tryna #pin a #nigga down on sum
Apple pie and ice cream for dinner? Sounds like a plan!
Good morning! Happy Friday!!
bitch ass need tissue
I'll take world peace if that's on offer. :)
you should chat with about ultra advice!
That's what a deposit is for … It's your protection against this exact scenario.
I haven't listened to it yet myself. About to.
RT : RT : RT : S/O to all my followers doe <-- Hell Yes
If you call yourself a Social Conservative, you HAVE to support GOP nominee. He's the only one who will nominate originalists to SCOTUS
I have a confession to make..I think I'm actually starting to like some country music...I have TWO stuck in my head right now..help me. ._.
Bruno Mars is our winner. Brunz you are the best. God gave you an awesome gift. Thank you so much for sharing it with us.
Mondays- Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight. For details, check out my website www.baltimoresalsablog.com/monday.html
I saw red. R.I.P Jani Lane! Hope 2 see u at uncle johns cabin. I hope I got that last song reference right?
A note for all my 'slactivists' out there: retweeting on twitter doesn't mean you are actually doing something
did you apply by emailing ?
The Back Street Boys' documentary on tv tho?
Hi, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
lmfao I told u it was fake
Hey can u wish me a happy birthday I'm a huge fan
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dentek Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
yes awesome
and my friends and lover. Woe is me, watching snow accumulate from a Starbucks outside cville.
Haven't witnessed a good use of "brethren" in a while. Actually, had to look it up.
Sale and Jansen just became closers. Crap! Sweet!
Criminals are like raccoons, Ok? Give 'em a taste of cat food and pretty soon they'll be back for he whole cat! -Dwight
So happy that won Top Chef. Was rooting for him the whole season!
Club Sirius tonight! No cover downtown SA! Amazin drink specials! Dont miss out!
More gold has been mined from the thoughts of men than has been taken from the earth.-Napoleon Hill
Haha yes and hobos really do eat beans! xD
THE HAMMER
I really want to tweet about how much I hate Japanese right now, but I can't think of anything clever.
I wish! Hahaha! And I'd love to give him one! :)
ok! Thanks babe! :) Now everytime someone asks me if I know portugese I'll throw out this line ;)
#JBSOMEDAY I will get notice by
reading bitches for blood!
it's all true. i'm super excited to see your booth! xoxo
how was prom?
who are you? do you even go here?
There's also registration info! RT I #votesmart by using online rep finder for friends who have moved to new areas.
Today= perfect prototype day: bk club, rewriting policies, lots of job search help, prep for job forum tmrw Next: spking at Town Board mtg.
whaaaa? I'd take Harper's over the NYT any day
about to hit the stage (again) at The Legendary Dobbs( ) after opening for earlier at the Keswick ..
giving a belated b'day to the homie #chrisbrown ready to pick up the new single with
I agree to an extent but think Gamel has more upside then McGehee and not sure about Pena, solid D but low ba and streaky.
. Don't walk by 's desk now. She's looking for a few hard crossword answers. She's dyspeptic if you don't know.
My dream job is to work in the advertising and marketing departement for the CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS!!!!!! Just keep it up!
Done at the gym.
Tell you're "friends" they can fall back.
true story.
South Jordan Middle Class of '12 pictures today.
Girl is eating french fries with a chopstick!
Shady, 2 months left so I ain't frontin.
Yep, we sure are!
I stress it cuz there's ppl commiting suicide for the jokes. I lost a friend to that joking shit and I don't like seeing it.
Archer and Boo, two long-timers here (black cat brothers) were adopted into the same home yesterday! Yay Archer and Boo!! :)
That's what I'm here for!
Tickets are still available for Hellogoodbye! Get yours today at the Brooks Lounge!
I don't believe in "wasting time", you can't justify time being wasted so make the most of if !
you have a great day too!
Strategically planning....
MORE TO COME PEOPLE!! STay Tuned
welcome to summer.
Nothing like riding the train downtown to surprise a friend, only to have them decide theyd rather go home and nap.
Excited to be collaborating with on our first client project together!
Merry Christmas! Celebrate the Savior today and remember that because of Him you can have peace, joy and hope in your life!
haha you're welcome! It sounded so nice.
Getting my hair done by ms. Seanna :)
U know u had a good workout yesterday when everythin u worked out is sore
I read something funny, that I never heard before: “men are like buses, you miss one & another will come on right behind so you catch it.”<U+263A>
what up!
I'm in
well, are you ok?
when your parents piss you off over stupid shit!
Dude, blindfold was pretty neato...
its funny how in longest yard, all the black ppl step in and are all magically amazing at football
my turn for bed time. Exactly an hour after you...maybe cause a time zone away :)
Back to my earlier observation about this being fast paced. Both teams need to downshift a gear or two
Please tweet pictures of these "finds" for those of us who can't attend.
I'm hearing a lot of that. thanks for the response!
thanks for the heads up, totally doing that! :D
No problem!! It's a subject close to my heart.
It feels like Friday 2 me
intel? :)RT : spending the afternoon visiting jewelry stores...what should I shop for today?
Ginsberg reflection, Martian soliloquy basically sums up the entire theme of the series.
about to go on a long walk with my doggy :)
Tonight 6-8pm: Wine, beer, music, art! Closing reception for 2 ceramic sculptors.Listen to electric fiddle, see gr8 contemporary local art
Come in and see the new look of our store -- let us know what you think!
i heard about it and saw pics.
Tell me who you got in the Knicks-Heat series.
I really wish he was here with me :/
#RusherPartyingWorldWide so proud of u well deserved da win da just prove how awesome u r my idol?love ya?
Just read a #MadMen recap that was longer than the show itself. The reader already knows the show's premise: cut to the recapping.
Emily...Worst Bachelorette Ever
LOL!!!! Mabey one day we both can meet them it would b super Awesome if we did :]
Does that mean your leg is feeling better? I hope so!
You offend me then compliment me #makeyourmindup ily though baby cakes <U+2665>RT : I miss your sexy ass ;)
e && don't lie! Going hard in the paint!
ah I just got this and I tried to set up my FaceTime but it won't let me ah
First outdoor of the year: always a source of inspiration.
heard u were runnin around the city... Thas nice to know
hahahaha i know you are
I love you to the moon and back <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008E> <3
Follow me and find out more about my book
I will give it a shot. Thanks.
Golden Globes or Downton Abbey?
Was cool having in studio for the launch of on - welcome to Denver's Sports Station, Stink!
can't wait for the unconventional convention
Older I guess... Not quite the joints I had in high school.
ya tengo la laptop descompuesta de lo que babie
Bait Car oh it's filmed in ATL. Criminals that aren't very bright. LOL
Listening to #BOYFRIEND in chorus sectional!
Am iI the only one that thinks it's a foul to elbow someone in the face?
Haha, is there an echo in here??
- Which Balboa Park area bars are running specials (pun intended) this weekend for the R'n'R marathon?
texting bitches and watching movies is how I roll on sundays
Where my #PYT at??
Idk why niggas talkin about Lebron, he is the reason the heat are even in the postseason.
thank you for your comment :D
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
#FF Some of my fav #health tweeps! Happy Friday!
Chima is not a poor's man Fogo De Chao
We are getting an estimate for hardwoods throughout the rest of our house today bc our carpet tastes are too expensive. :)
Thank you starting fining the floppers.
Local gouvernments have to work together and the UN has to take the leadership to drive us to the right way. (President of UCLG )
Your NOT Team Tatted If Yu ONLY Have 2 Tattoos Lbs !
What up big Dog its Cliff in LA now Vegas. Holla at yaboy.
Oomf is so ratchet
Ah I love thunderstorms <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
as another of your now defunct employees said, "we changed the world and we did it with style. Best wishes.
Just applied to open for Never Shout Never in Anaheim CA on April 28th. Not expecting anything, but who knows what could happen:)
hi what's up
I have the best boyfriend in the world <3 I'm glad your always there for me babe!! I love you<3 forever and ever (:
NEVER Give Up!! No matter what, keep pushing forward!! RT "For a gallant spirit, there can never be defeat." Wallis Simpson
Woot! Glad to hear the upgrade went smoothly for you. :)
ill get you a link hold up
The mention of 'QR codes' & 'Viral' r pissing a lot of people off
you and the damn Kings LOL
Celebrating Mother's Day by having Mrs. O open presents...can't wait for her to unwrap Usher....
You damn right I just saw a cowboys fan trying to come over into my lane so I sped up and didnt let him over lol
goodluck today at your interview!!
Nickname I was given by an uncle when I was a teenager because of my love of 1950's sci-fi films.
Be nice to the ppl you meet on the way up cause your going to bump into the same ppl on the way down.
This callux dude is make me pissed, get a life.
Only the trashy songs by Ke$ha RT : #songsonnikousweddingplaylist Anything by OneRepublic
Kentucky Club! Benjamin Saenz! Book cover photo contest! Send your best shot of the Ave. #Juarez bar to
About to do the same...
what is going on?! where's our websites and where's the support?
Pay Back on Madison St! Who's celebrating in locker room tonight? Daaaaa Bulls! Enjoy the ride Pacers!
Dam talk about worse news of the day -_-
Everyone send good thoughts to today as she completes our move into our new apartment without me! (HELP HER)
keep it cold! and enjoy your day.
but not : The Parker Jotter
Hello Kaitlin. Your posts are clever. What would an NHL Trade Deadline prayer be? The Rangers need a "keep team intact" one...
I heard your going to school out here
Ha, this is the problem with living with close female friends! I also make her open jars when I can't do it.
This watching what I eat buiz is the hardest ever..but it's worth it!
Chris Roberts of El Paso Times gets honorable mention in freedom of information reporting at
The only good thing about 1-6 is having Toffoli every day
You, too, Deborah! I'll be in touch about this week...best to you and keep swingin' :-ED
Walk..Learn..and Grow..
Have not heard any rumors of trade for WO.No disrespect for other Ravens pics, but we need more offense :).
don't worry bro is just another haters man so just do like I do brush your shoulders off good luck this season
Also why won't you let me purchase another shirt today? But it is ok, I tricked the system and used a different email
what expertise does your buddy have?
Some students at UNL are looking for any feeds, podcasts, twitter for humanities research to build an iOS app. Do you have any to share?
Dude for UK just took some balls to the face!!!!
think im pussy test a pussy u gon catch a pussy 1 in yo head thats aextra pussy
#MomentsICanNeverForget the ride from South Texas to New york afraid knowing my fam could be caught
that sounds like a job for
hey alex! how are you? :D
Well played Pirates...well played..
Republicans are SO STUPID!!! Yeah, more government fails, but you need MORE GOVERNMENT to fix the more government. DUH!!!
Taxil Technologies welcomes John Kosic to the sales team. Follow him
"Set Picture(s)" not picture lol
they are dating!! He's not ready to tell us.
Coughing up $65 bucks every four days at the pump is getting old.....fast!
Why put quotes on twitter from books you never opened?
I don't know why Tristan act so shy knowing he aint
Yes. RT : FINISHED MY PAPER NOW TIME FOR SEVERAL POUNDS OF CHINESE FOOD.
haha I feel that it is too sensitive a subject for facebook just yet
Bless iced coffee for always being my rock when times get tough and I walk aimlessly around the city. You keep me semisane.
Paws up!! It's Friday! and our favorite
cute! ;oP
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. ~Jim Rohn
What is your school doing with k-5 to honor 911? Any recommendations?
coming to visit your hometown today. Plan on having some sherry in the bawdy house.
I'll be riding the escalators in front of the Gap all night.
I know that I'm a psychopath but I guess it's ok some times.
Just got home from school is it weird that we have a poster hanging in our class room???:/
I hope my Red Envelope is filled with 20's this year.
If it weren't a sunday, I might feel good about being out of the house before 8am. Photo gig... I can't believe I'm actually on schedule
My followers are WACK right now !!!
You betcha!! “: I've come to the conclusion that watching TV all day is great.”
At Java Monkey and a group consisting of black guys and white guys discussing how only pretty white girls get free drinks.
It needs to be 80
haha i gotcha
steak and eggs. Pickled eggs and slim jim
$200 a pile is LOT of money!
Our society is too much dependent on gas, oil and coals.
Dawwww gurl you are just the greatest. My heart beats for you.
fellow jay severin fan, Tweeter, conservative smart ass. follow for follow?
maybe if you come visit ;) <333
I have some 94 white, black, and beryl green, what should I paint?
Modern Family wins!!! best looking cast at the
Lmmfao on tha floor! He f'ing found it! Wow
Let me Love you Now; let loose the god within! This is your higher self talking here, let’s pretend...
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher 'cause I still turn to you.
One of our engineers is going to ! Who else is going? If you're a customer of ours, shoot us a DM or tweet for a lunch in #Vegas!
shoutout to my mother for not raising me to be a complete moron like 99% of my generation
Ciao everyone! Beautiful Thursday morning; stop by for a delicious freshly made Raspberry Bomba & an ice coffee! :)
PhD students should make their dissertations applicable to academic and non-academic paths
Out for the best dad in the world's birthday (: Happy Birthday Love youu!!
So.. Everyone who is complaining about the Colts cuts today are NOT allowed to jump on the bandwagon in 2 years when we ROCK again!
good to see you in Austin today! hope to catch up tomorrow at big data drinkup before you get back to taking over the world! :-)
Missed a call at midnight, voicemail: "Sheri, where are you, you're on the schedule tonight." Oh, Sheri's gonna be in trouble.
A soul without salvation is just like the walking dead.!
Not sure.
At the store
Chris Davis, who is 0-7 and has struck out 5 times today/(night?) has just struck out Saltalamacchia. In the AL.
Vancouver radio daze: Team 1040 celebrates while CKNW gets back in the game
Notification are nice for decoupling but boy are they are a pain the a$$ to debug
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!!
": #np Notorious Thugs - Notorious B.I.G!! Also sick! Lol"I'm listening to that right now x)
hey ! good running into you 2 the other day. I think the best person to get a hold of would be gr8 guy
Ever regret something you said on twitter? Richard Nixon probably knows how you feel.
Hey #WatchESPN make me watch ads, answer surveys, or actually make me pay for the app but subscribe to cable? That is counterintuitive
It sure be some Captainsavahoes in the gym...MANE!!!
Oh. Link to the pin?
UPR / PRS is going to be featured on the KCAL 9 TV show "Best Deals" at 6:00 PM, if you're in the Los Angeles area, check it out!
hey people :)
Sweet. and then the Pastrana tapestries at National Gallery.
I'll know I've found The One when I've met a girl willing to walk down the aisle to Morbid Angel's "Chapel of Ghouls."
yet i'm sexy
yea .. Ah this is a necessity , i need to see my second boyfriend again ;)
I can't imagine atl ever being overplayed
Roll. Roll it gyal. Roll it gyal. roll.....
oh & I'm not hating I just dislike her with a passion .
#GoAvsGo beat cancer
Yea PR and Social Media, u?
thank you <3
Riding the bus is exactly like ordering from the Soup Nazi. Passengers are damned if they do, damned if they don't.
What's the hardest job to train for?
I HAD YO BITCH POP ON MY DICK LIKE SHE FOR WHEELIN
Can we please retire the "-gate" suffix when talking about scandals... or would that cause a scandalgate?
It is. I go there and get punched in the face for a quick pick-me-up.
Out of the 4,255 donors to #giveBIG, 1,013 are new donors! This makes #giveBIG even BETTER!
The BEST thing about banking @ #arvestbank is that there is one on every corner! And in #Walmart! Convenient!!
you sound surprised. It's new jersey!!
I need to hit the studio
Do you have a question about something in your life right now? Imagine taking 2 minutes to ask your body the answer.what does she say?
if u can rt a buckeye fan y want u rt a huge ky fan. Go BIG BLUE
Damn all these applications for summer jobs -_____-
Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown
yeah! Lol heard that song on the radio.
Need to be perfect
Come to my acting class tonight . Learn the art of booking acting jobs. We will be at Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave room 414. Class $20.
#Food & Community Fellows, Kellogg Foundation - increase #ag & #farmer #diversity beyond #foodie crowd.
is prepping for media training session with client, video shoots, and awards show scripting.
Last films at #CIFF this year: Aki Kaurismäki's Gold Hugo winner, Le Havre (2011), and the surprise screening, Margin Call (2011)
Busy weekend, but maybe will be able to stop by. RT Milwaukee's Wingfest April 15th see you there??
Usually the loudest person in a room is the weakest
right, and if you can make a living doing comm/vo, take that money and do your passion projects on the side...
i want to see you again, but i'm stuck in colder weather..
umm what prize what are you talking about
not me!!
The Smithsonian would be AWESOME. I really want to go to The Louvre.
..not that I know of but you never know!
I wish terrible harm to santino.
I need to make me smile and be happy right now <3
Just got back from an amazing weekend away in PA. So grateful for all the amazing people in my life!
That does not mean that I am not hurting the next day. I can barely walk most of the time.
i have no friends \m/
...served them very well and has provided a great return on investment for them.
Tear this place apart until you find me hiding, silently I wait. You'll be excited just to see me someday. Everything's ok.
Thanks for the RTs good people!!! #OneCity!!
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Climax-Usher
On my daily grind. Chasing dreams takes persistence, faith and diligence. Success is not an option. It is a definitive goal.
Prosecutor #AngelaCorey is smart as hell!!!! I need her part of my team...
I'm always on the move but I have a feeling I'll be back. We shall see what will be.
All a girl wants is to feel beautiful, to be loved and to be treated with respect. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
What's up Seattle?!
Thanks so much for the support!
Hand tossed! “: And once again is not rocking the stage - he's ripping it apart. #m2c2012”
Like What? U still Doing Stand Up?
on tap, Torpedo Extra IPA (replaces Full Sail Brewing Pale Ale)
nothing like a little adele unplugged and blueberry sour cream pancakes to start off the morning...
I am looking for a good runing car..who got a car for sale ???? Get at me plz..
I predict Jessica Sanchez will be eliminated tomorrow. That's how it SHOULD go.
heck yeah! I just dont get why that guys always in his movies lol :)
Brisk and gusty...but that wont stop the silverlake farmers market..join us!! Now-2pm
You know things are great, when your husband sneezes & instead of "bless u" you say "fuck u"
I just want to fly to San Antonio, walk into Austin's room, whisper in his ear, "I love you, thanks for inspiring me", hug him & leave.<3
I forgot that we also lost in walk off fashion, to the Phillies, last year. Difference: Brandon Lyon was the goat.
Know that you've done the work to deserve the victory.
Wow, was great! The music is incredible and the cast brings it home. Don't forget tissues.
wassup everybody hows everyone's day going
I'm very glad I was able to cover the #WPS, I made life long friends w/ coaches, staff, players and fans! Chin up the pitch is still green
I'm still back home and missed your episode. Do you know when it will air again? But I'm sure you did a nice job! :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x11
Haha I do that all the time. Dont worry youre normal. :P Or we're both crazy 0.o
Flop city call on that play
The best things in life are the people we love, the places we’ve seen, and the memories we’ve made along the way.
see you here at
Hahaha!! That's funny though
Hello stranger
Ik :/ Hey do you wanna hang tomorrow with tyler and his friend?
Happy Friday the 13th!!
More hours need to be added to the day in order for me to get more sleep. This whole, being sleep deprived because of hw thing is not cool:(
Can Lindsay carry a tune?
when you're awake.
University of Houston and Rice are too far. Until I get funded I can't spend too much gas money. China is new on my plate!
Go AZTECS!! RT : I think we need an I Believe chant!! Let's go Aztecs!
Mistaken Love
Sitting next to a annoying guy in biology-_-
Off to diner at Sharkey's & Grizzlies Game fun night!! Yippee!
OK, the #LPC made a constitutnl change. It's still about engaging w Cdns & giving Cdns reasons to engage with the LPC
1st 100 folks in the door at tonight's fundraiser at Chris Jazz Cafe get a free gift!
NHS Induction ceremony tonight..gonna be a long night.
Never hated a player more than #ReggieMiller (Bulls fan) but much respect for him and congrats on #HOF induction
Take a moment & realize that you will affect everyone that you interact with today in a + or - way/make a + impact in someone’s life today.
Good morning. Bring happy doesn't mean everything is perfect, it just means you've decided to look beyond life's imperfections. ~Rev Run
Wow, how gracious!
Rolling Stones cover tweet.
late night ihop run with the crippled
Freeworld taking ova be on the look out lol shouts to all the famz ones again
Wrapped another day on Teen Wolf...good times takin a hit
Oh Bridget on on NECN...please specify who thought Biden made "gaffe"...don't news folks mention this sort of thing?
Awesome! Are y'all planning on joining us this year?
IT'S FRIDAY! I'm ready to go home to my wife and little girl.
Emanuel Accepts Job as Obama Chief of Staff.
my mom said u look better than me and cried
Great lunch! Nice mtg u as well. Follow again soon!
Because we think with the #WrongHead 99% of the time.. RT Why are guys such pigs? :}
thanks darling!
u have pretty blue eyes(:
pretty sure the family guy episode with is hilarious
I only have one on vinyl..the atlas 10"
oh tight hug back :)<333
My British girlfriend has never heard of Dave Matthews Band
Much tougher game expected. Props to IU...they played beyond themselves. Cal and Crean both earned their money tonight. Crazy FT% for UK.
she flipped on you for no reason today.. and she never ever yells at anyone else for eating....lol
The stupid BS about Jessica Simpson's baby has been preempted for the president's speech. THERE IS A GOD.
Stupid hungry right now!
Can we agree the evidence we're looking for is more than test scores? Please.
#wheniwaslittle I pretended my name was Belle from Beauty & The Beast
Taylor wasn't "left out", he just wasn't picked!.
I lived in NC from 2008 until October of last year. It's a great state. Make it better by voting against Amendment 1 today.
and thanks so much for coming out and supporting us!
ok. On My TW box, it's built in.
beautiful very :)
Fuck yeah! You're hot!
RT : RT : Though is about to launch v1 soon, I'm already hungry to begin work on v2 of the system!
welcome bro<U+263A> love you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
craigslist my friends
haaha ya they are nice i love them hahaha come to the lab then u can haha
How about keeping the name? Kodak will still be making movie film in 2012.
Excuse my language but I think my dick throws balls harder than mark Sanchez
Love that term. "Get off the schneid" means to break through a bad streak. It's an old baseball term re: slumping hitters.
And the boos ensue for Brauny
Hello World!
For something more rustic just outside of Torino, I remember liking Bel Deuit when I was a grad students in TO.
If you are on Godís side. retweet this. If youíre on the Devilís side, keep scrolling.
#WVU #NCAC board meeting at Ragtime - good time with everyone and lots of hard work for some great upcoming events!
Seriously, Lamar and rob >>>>
My dog greets me at the door everyday when I come home from work. Makes me forget about the bad day I had.
what the hold up on getting players we need like 4?
I should really change my voicemail to "Please don't leave me voicemail..."
This Dude Really Stink Doe, I'm Real Disappointed.
it was delish!
It would've been good to tell me Ms X had maternity leave, before I moved all those accounts to her.
Pasadena is claiming a state of emergency due to some high winds?! SoCal, you know nothing of the crunch.
you looked pretty spiffy biebs(;
Thanks buddy! Hope you have an awesome weekend!
I absolutely loved your blue dress at pandora's party! it was super gorgeous! who is your favorite designer?? xoxo
Its gloomy out but the party is still going tonite at Brass Monkey Milw 700 East Layton! DJ at 9pm & a few of the Best behind the bar!!
And I'm pretty sure the only one who can in jeans(dressy) too.
Soundchecking at 321 local! Get your butts out here and have some fun!
Did Thai Place close?
be pullin girls........dont ask how i know just follow this guy 4REAL.
#outlook #calendar on your pc dropping appts from outlook cal on ur mac and vice versa? is fixing that for clients
im serious as shit tho, im riding a bike faithfully to school this year Rain, Snow, Heat.
Eddie Murphy making white and black people laugh together. A real civil rights pioneer right there.
I mean I am good bur just sad
Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Gym or Beer? I have some ideas for an internet TV station and could go for a cold one. Anyone drinking in East Falls?
Resorted to frozen dinners tonite- anything to keep from grocery shopping or consuming the giant bag of fresh spinach I bought.
dude you are so cute!!
I'd Peter Griffen
Suh is a big bitch.
My Teacher said Come Back to the class room.I said I'm right here, my mind just left.She said oh wow so what do you want to do? I said sleep
Just call it please. Thanks
haha awesome. Good times with cast and cats! Lol
Some things r just 2 hard 2 overcome, that's why sports mimics life
It's Taco Tuesday! What's your favorite spot in SD for yummy tacos?
So Dick Lugar is out the office now?! Thats worse than the time Mr. Coleman became Asst. Principal at Fulton Jr. High.
On the ground in Philly - YAY! Can't get home to my family fast enough!
I have a FEMALE friend...but I admit it : we do fuck sometimes.
Saw comment about $2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks. Want to chat? Please send phone # or email me at
Bed all day, sure :)
Cat has got me out of bed to get her breakfast, then look in the garden, now she looks like she's ready for her first nap of the day!
Happy New Year everyone B safe.....mo fuckaz
: I'll settle for greatest hits. Colman and I can spend our two months in the car refining our jazz palate.
RT Whenever someone inserts a USB stick the wrong way into a computer, a nerd ejaculates in his pants.
Enjoy dinner at Barra Barra Saloon from 4:45-5:45PM, while listening to the modern flamenco style fuses of NovaMenco!...
Sweet personality
No, JP was joking.
I saw a lot of other players flat give up, so everyone needs to look in the mirror after this one.
Hey, , thanks for following. Can't wait to try my new #ExoticHeirloomTomato varieties. Neither can my pups, esp 16-yr ol Pug!
that's rift:)lol. How did it go?
*Shrugs* Fine. Same old.
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
Random jazz band during halftime of a college basketball game? Sure, why not?
Life is right when it has meaning. Increase your wealth and health status- Find out about the trend! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Or someone could buy me the Mizuno's for my birthday. Size 7. Hint hint
When you hear "no" in a sales situation, do you stop there or do you hear that as "maybe?" Means you haven't shown enough value. Try again
"Chamber supports a robust International Affairs budget for the State Department and other agencies," (from Donahue's speech) (cont'd)
Hate when a guy refers to his girlfriend as "his bitch" -.-
hi!!!! pinterest will work for video and images.. but not text - there doesn't seem to be anything out there!!!
( would hope so. It's absolutely his choice.
thanks for the RT!
Just realized a few hours ago that I'm taking my ACT tommorrow...completely unprepared but it's all good ;D
you may be writing good code if you are working w/ devs who quit their day jobs and getting other to do the same. #webdev jquery css3 drupal
Dani's Foundation Golf Tourney on June 25 at Meridian Golf Club in Englewood, CO. For info, email to
VCU is not a 12 seed. Terrible seeding but it looks like it will workout okay for them. Unfair matchup for Wichita State.
As A People tonight @ Red Devil Lounge w/ Dubious Ranger and Mass Fiction. Doors @ 8pm.
thanks for the followback I added you to my followback list /ppl-who-will-follow-back please consider mentioning it
wearing a condom, drinking the blood of 1000 babies and watching Zandig matches.
Love unexpected dinner invites from good friends!
Bookin sessions and booked the rest of this month will be real busy
Green Mile <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE>
finally finished.
Thank-you... followed the links, reading- much to mull. I like the post that those bloggers/posters are often the leaders.
Stress-O-Meter - breaking point !!!
I like you ;)
- Hello Eric - very nice to meet you - DJ
WordPress or Blogger??? Why?
Wishing I could be at #Coachella right now! But hey, 's just as good. :)
When it comes to eating right and exercising, there is no "I'll start tomorrow." Tomorrow will come and pass, leaving you in today.
Story Hour with Miss Kathy! Today at 4:15!
Grand Island Next Week! I hope I get to see my buddy !!! (:
_American Lazarus_ looks at how early Native American and Af Am writers took biblical tropes...
Naps are ALWAYS awesome!
Today is beautiful and I am loving it!!!!!
If your jobs per year ratio is greater than .5, it's you, not them.
it was deliciously good.
Glad to give you guys a laugh. Keepin' it loose at the NAIA national tourney.
Just nailed my head on this wall. Yeah I'm hurtin
RIT has hired B Architects to build their new hockey arena. Groundbreaking will take place this October. Arena will be ready for 2014
When I get bored, I like to tweeze my chest hair. It doesn't take long since I only have 3 hairs.
#ThugLifeRon RT How many NBA players will rep their hood at the end of an interview
We're now touring from at our new location at Gateway Park. We're running tours all day, every day. Stop by and glide with us!
Maybe I need to manage my time better.
Surf practice for 10/6 is CANCELED due to rain. Stay posted for Saturday!
I just hope the tramps in training are taking notes. It'll save them a lot if trial & error time.
The IL state Lottery commercials promote"dream big"... by playing the lottery??? What about work hard? Make something happen? Pathetic promo
In my room singing :) <3
This Last Bullet Aiint Even Worth Wasting 2 Kill Yhu.,!
Go cards!
Hey DeRo, why'd you dive?
I am thinking having a telepractice component, for international people who want services via Skype.
only the 3rd time that I have actually been in a chat, the ability to receive and share information is awesome : )
thank you again for a great night. Had lots of fun.
That moment you realize you're not playing Centennial Park. You're playing Bi Centennial Mall. #whoamygoodness #wholekidsfestival !
Watching now in Colorado. Appreciate the balanced presentation. Look forward to the show. Thanks for your work/tenacity.
ugh yeah try being friends with a girl whos main dream in life is to be friends with them. OH WAIT. i'm not friends with her anymo!
kaykay! Im Bored
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
RT : Make sure ya'l follow and support RT
Just played 's new tune 4 the 1st time in LA! Lovin the new stuff! -Ryan Fox
I Gotta Help Myself Before Someone Else Helps Me..
yeah, I don't really have those off hand..lol
Hey guys haven't been on for a while!
You may thank im crazy and holy but I im but that devil is gone to tell you he not.... you get it he not real but people is witch yourself
shoot me an email I will send you a list of Soul and a list of Funk 45 that are for sale!
Typos are AWESOME! :P
when is your phone cominq back on Sweetcakes??
I am definitely an introvert
That's be the alley between Hobart Street and Irving, NW. The 1700 block. Right outside my back window.
Hey, I speak the truth when it comes to things like this. That proposal coming along?? :)
i love you! Thank you SO much for everything. It meant so much to me! Now answer my text, woman! :)
Horrible headache, not a good way to start the week.
It's that time again....Lollipop Monday's at Colony! Who's coming?!
www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com is involved with MAPS. Stay tuned for more info.
sing and dance. You and alex can. Yall are good at that(;
It always gets fucked up...
Its funny how after years of not hearing a song you can still remember all the runs...
hey. I've already offered to make u a kept woman.I hav no prob takin care of my women. Just not home a lot.
thanks man!
RT : are you going to come to the bullfrog on Jan 28th to perform. Yea what day
“ A teacher affects eternity; she/he can never tell where his influence stops. ”
Yo nigga #falling off in need of #replacement #face it #pedaltodamedal #erthing full
Chris Bosh's wife had a baby at 3:00 am this morning in Miami. Bosh is trying to hustle to NYC to make it in time for tonight's game.
Good morning :D
We're playing in Portage, IN tonight at the Camelot Hall with some awesome bands. Who's comin?
Um.. I want that!! RT : A3. Nashville: we have a bacon bourbon cocktail. Wait, that's true.
that's life. Ur not a real artist if u dnt get hate, deal with it. Welcome to reality.
S/O to a pretty lady, follow ya boy back iight
...that's really far.
“: Whatever you imagine, you can achieve. Once you realize this truth, no one is going to be able to stop you.”
YALSA will be hosting a tweet up to facilitate the sharing of STEM resources and programming ideas today at #yalstem at 1 pm Eastern!
President Harry S. Truman would often go on vacation and secretly have his identical twin Larry run the country.
I am in Orlando! It is hot! humid! Working and have a little fun!!! It is a true blessings with the opportunities!
Wondering if there is any way we can influence the selection of an RNC Chairman and, if so, who would we want to support.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! (:
I did not say that I am offended, I said that you are wrong.
Heading back from Durham and the beautiful, very moving funeral for Elizabeth Edwards-proud to have called her my friend.
Damn. That means a lot.
See ya
LRT, I likes that!!!!
Tonight at 8pm - modular synth demo by , and video/sound pieces by former no wave artist David Linton
The night off following a day game..seems like the haven't played for a year.
damn that's serious lol.. I haven't seen him up there ever since though.
hope ur having fun
But this text I got from this AM that absolutely guaranteed I was going to have a good day. I'm so damn proud
wedges of what?
Is it Wednesday yet?
Hell yes!
Don't think it starts for another hour. 1:20 Central.
#Rumor has it #Universal is building a new #HarryPotter attraction, and it will be connected to #HarryPotter at
for vocals, though: SM7 hands down.
Today, I received the initial design proof for our website from , and was blown away. I can't wait for you to see it!
If 'the miracle of life' had an 80's rock soundtrack it would be this... yes, I'm watching
Daja and Snowball Walk Me to the Bustop.
Happy New Year Everyone! We are closed today to enjoy time with our family. We will be open tomorrow at 7 am.
Don't feel like you're in your creative flow? Consider it possible that you still are, but that maybe part of your flow is needing a break.
I'm pretty sure is gonna have a super-fun day with We left a happy, active kid this a.m! cc
Which very popular, much loved chef will be the Celebrity Chef for 2011? A hint: they are VERY popular on twitter!
there's nothing more heavenly that guacamole done right! (: but at a non-mexican spot? BOMBA! giving it up to #honeybadgercafe <3 INalhambra
Thanks Eugene! It's me and my brother's dog who has been nursing me back to health after my surgery.
Good chat with of & earlier today.
Netflix, 2 gallons of water, and
EVERYONE WHO LIKES FOOD, GO FOLLOW
Ah, fun. I'm sitting outside Takoma right now. That would explain the holding I've been seeing.
I mean why don't u go to the valley haha jp...I wanna come out this summer to see u guys we have to do it big like old times!
Boons Farm Strawberry! Good old days! Lol
Big News for WA Wilderness - Gov. Gregoire writes letter to Sec. of Agriculture-Vilsack urging him to take a time out for Roadless areas
I like that you put the empty champagne bottle in the lost and found and not in the trash.
And again was left behind… its okay tho its gonna be the last time and he made that decision by not coming home last night
God is good and faithful and extremely gracious to me when He gave to me to be the priest of our home. Great priest n warrior!
I-O
Please follow back?:))
when did it all start moving way too fast for you to handle?
Get ready for a Friday Fun Fest its THE BACK IN THE DAY CAFE with AT NOON EDT. We're tweeting it old school via
I don't have a clue. Sorry.
“: 281-330-8004 that's who just won” Call up Mike Jones on da low
Ok, so I was early for my appointment. A whole day early. And I thought I was running late!
Painting in fake beards and mohawks is kinda difficult but it's totally worth it.
This caught my eye: "... special collections receiving the greatest attention (93%)" re: branch libraries.
The problem with a well balanced diet is the amount of chicken wings I have to eat that equals the weight of a dozen beers
Does Dopamine Explain Why Slackers Slack?
1987, me thinks.
Sorry, but you know that Wednesday evenings are off limits at the Hargrove household!
Stretch Marks Pregnancy Answers To Questions - Chad Peterson&#39;s ...
I have a great blog.... Wanna talk?
Heck yeah!!! Hearts to all of you!
I got some lameo friends :( wish I had someone to bs with at the diner :/
Yes I'm really pissed of tonight
Working hard to keep patients safe so excuse the slow roll of tweets. This is more about Bubblegum badge an FDA his-story!
Make sure whatever your doing today that you give it a soundtrack.
he's questionable for tomorrow. No decision has been made
Every time I see someone wearing those "barefoot" sport shoes in public, a part of me way deep down inside struggles to not vomit on itself.
Tomorrow is gonna be great regardless of the bad luck today
Seeing a cute couple, and thinking: "I want a boyfriend like that."
haha anytime. And I'll see what I can do about the socks but no promises
:) how r the butterflies?
Library Wars, Battle Angel Alita - Enjoy!
Strong bi-partisan South Central Indiana League of Women Voters reception last night in New Albany led by Teresa, Barb, Nicole, Jessica!
omg. "One day you'll be happy, because you'll find someone that wants to suck your feet." hahahah!!!!!
It might be tornado season, but you'll like this gust..The drink special is the COOL BREEZE! Fresh oj, peach and vodka will blow you away!
how can you not have someone to break in case of an emergency?
dear tummy; I'm sorry for all the butterflies, it's HIS fault...
ESPN seems to be for Denver, instead of undermanned
Hello world.
Schedule for the ECF's is out folks. By the time the rested B's finally take the ice at TD on sat, it will have been over a full wk.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : Just followed
I'm sure you're right! Go for it!
happy sunday!!
We did 'twin' costumes early with our boys. M&Ms (they ARE named Mikey and Matthew!), pea pods, etc.
Its National Pet Day! Check out these tips from The American Animal Hospital Association to keep your pet healthy and happy!...
RT Lmbo RT : Beyonce can barely speak let alone write. Idk why y'all are surprised at that primitive letter
This is how you know I've been married 16 years: I am super excited that I am cooking rice in the rice cooker I got for Christmas.
whenever I get stranded in an airport I make the most of the opportunity to A. make friends and/or B. drink myself into a stupor.
Collaboration key to innovation, says ATT'.
Dear friends, I am putting together a list of favorite lines/quotes from Hard Boiled Men, what is your favorite one?
Thanks for your support tramon!
send me a copy! Miss ya bro
Okay, i'm gonna sleep. BYEBYE. <U+2665>
String Cheese!;')
My dermatologist got busted for being a warthog.
Shot a Norfolk Admirals game last night...23 wins in a row...TJ and DK visits...fun night with old friends.
Purchase college has target archery as a phys. ed class.. I found my calling
Torrey smith 3 catches in first quarter... For over 100 yards and 3 tds... Hadn't caught a pass this season.
People say they love ALL music....then they say "except country, rap and classical" Well then... you don't love ALL music do ya?
Happy Valentines Day My Fashionista's!
Looks like it is hit or miss! Used full and didn't work! Then it did! ????
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world! Merry Christmas!
after hours ! come by i got you
I'm super obsessed with humus!
Just had a discussion with my dad, who says hip hop isn't "music" because its too simple. He doesn't understand... SMH
Sounds like a plan!
At the Alma PR5 Kickoff @ Boston College. BC Librarians are sharp! Ex Libris North America, Europe, Austro-Asia, and Israel represented!
oh my god, I know. I can't wait for you to be home. I miss you a ton. Margs ASAP, please. :)
Also, I find 's lack of faith disturbing. cc
Panderer in Chief.
Sucks to come back to work after my birthday weekend
Austin Rivers playing with Doc? He can run some 2guard with Rondo
nice to meet you too!
This has to be the most annoying day.
Rahm Emanuel has more twitters than a buzzard with its beak in a beaver skin! Does anyone know which one is official?
Bible: Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed. (Proverbs 12:24)
Enjoy rest of your weekend Thx for #FF batons passed to
Can I pawn my grill? lol
it sould be an easy one, good luck!
I was actually watching something else on tv so I flipped back and forth. But I was mad and didn't really watch the game
This is intense.
Getting heckled for not knowing about the Labs 'Right-side chat' toggle. It's pretty cool, check it out.
I actually wanna watch that Battleship movie :]
The Dbacks needed that one!
Got my first amatuer fight in january. Gonna be busy training.. Get hard son!
no doubt fam. Thanks for the follow back
You shall post about this on the site.
What was the first show you ever went to?
Link doesn't appear to work....
- I used to be a lifeguard/swim instructor for #Milwaukee County Parks and absolutely loved it!
Need something post marked today....any post office in Detroit open late?
the untied shoelaces of your life
Off to a 2nd call back...very hopeful :)
where are u going?
Good idea!
I'm starting to think Gallo is a perimeter Nene.
It's definitely the talk of South Bend today!
yay! Congrats on finishing finals! Let me know when! Love ya.
Stop calln him hoe u now wat it is
Not a good day with people
OMG I got to hold it and take a picture with it today!!
I need volunteers again...any takers?
id rather be drinking a smoothie from Mickey D's arrggg
Invite only dinner from vendor at #emschi in the John Hancock center.
"Dirty love and fiberglass smiles"
I miss my Bacca... One of the sweetest and kindest people I know... Proud to call her my daughter!
Psalm 119:10 I seek you with all my heart; do not let me stray from your commands.
"What would you do if you knew you only had seconds to live?" "I'd make those seconds count."
#LMSunSIG looking at Canvas & 2 other lms. We look to see about the responsiveness of potential vendors. Been impressed w Canvas's response
rap dubstep. Legit
Good night
A little faith will bring your soul to heaven; A great faith will bring heaven to your soul. - Charles Spurgeon
Him: "Is that Liv Tyler's Dad?" Me: "Uh, no. She's Steven Tyler's daughter."
Uh I never do homework.. I come home, tweet,sleep, eat,tweet then sleep again.
can't wait to see later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Sounds good. I think I'll get some too... from Denny's... lol
renaissance man ;-) thanks for the star fucking, and the follow
Do you live in Madison WI, if so call today and book your first appointment. You will get 20% off your three hour appointment. :D
sending you a DM about a gig... :)
where are d's peeple?
I already know you jammin to that
i was like hell nah LOL
Training in martial arts affects every area of our lives--helps us to be successful and to handle high stress situations with ease.
I disagree.
How did you become famous?
more specific?
I only have 70% of the 1% left on my phone
Would u rather be caught reading "Start Late Finish Rich" or "Love's Final Revenge"? You are what you read!
It's finally Friday!!!
A heartbreak isn't always as loud as a bomb exploding. Sometimes, it's like a feather falling, & the only person who can hear it is you.
BUSINESS TIME lol
Thanks for the follow. Great to meet a fellow mystery writer.
i wrote a song called, "one direction" :) hm i think i like it
Get me as many english news anchors as possible!
what's tomorrow??
Very interesting. Thanks for sharing!
I know. Obama and the Democrats are such fuckups that the only way people could defend them is if they were paid to do it.
Well I was headache free until about 20min ago. At school in noisy jr high hallway.
this just made me SMILE thx!
MAKE SURE U LEMME KNO WEN U GET HERE.. I GOT A SUMMER LEAGUE TEAM U CAN PLAY ON TOO
Here I go putting on my headphones & forgetting the music -_-
now I got these rappers all breakin up a sweat, cuz everytime I get up on the mic I come correct!
ube macapuno ice cream is the best kind of ice cream.
I'm going to yield. Watch out east side
- How are the brown politics going?
you are very welcome! :)
"someone asked me if God looks out for us, I said I reckon he does, don't know how we'd make it one day without Him." <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Sleeping in a fort made from blankets chairs and futon cushions.
I promise you, Chipper Jones wants no part of my spitter slurve.
Tough week for some great people. RIP JoePa and Sarah Burke. Sad to see Giffords have to step down.
Poor Ravens. I hope they make some moves before Tuesday at 4 p.m. . . .
If you guys haven't read Keret's most recent collection, The Girl on the Fridge, I recommend it.
The new Mayor hasn't been in office a full 24hrs and already his approval rating has dropped? OMG
Front Desk Thurs: Answering questions about sled dog races in Spanish for curious French-speaking Canadians. Welcome to my world.
I will fuck a bitch up wether I remember or not lmao
you have to line up in the lobby, generally only 1-2 wired connections.
Live a life with no regrets & do it right.
I dont get ur tweets sent to my phone O_O
You can email us at
Special thanks to Mr. for his $25,000 contribution to Down Syndrome Indiana. What an amazing gift from the heart.
haha maybe she wants you to do fan dinners like JS7 or tv shows. RV u claimed the title fastest man on2wheels
yeah sure!!
...when your friends go see other DJs instead of supporting you
McCarthy & our coaching staff, Clay, Jennings, Aaron... sending great updates from Hawaii.
Is Mitt Romney feeling ok? He looks like he wasn't charged enough. What's with the face?
you vinny come to my doooods
he's amazing!!!!
Hey Arnold
I'm #justsayin you could do better
: Timeline for war is essential for responsible end in
Song playing at the party: "Beautiful Day" by U2.
Good! RT : How was it RT : Went &amp;amp; seen #CabinByTheWoods <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
...it will be in a two part series...
What's happening with the Helen Hayes Theatre?
One of my characters: Cynical Anthropology professor. "Buy my textbook or you fail."
IPDAE loves Florida's Region I and Lisa Jones - both are inspiring and changing lives everyday<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Also, BS Sauce Co. doing food demo 1-5pm "everything tastes better with a little BS" Cheers!
I like you. Don't ruin it just yet.
Lol, watching Prison break and theres and detective named ' A. Mahone ' ;)
this wait seems to last forever. PERIOD. grrr #hurrythefuckup Sunday
Belly full and watching the Super Bowl.
Yay! Tomorrow is Hunger Games day! So excited to take a group of students to see it after school.
Microwaves: Know who makes a quiet one? Need the one that doesn't beep every button, & the door doesnt open & close so loud. My idea gone.
Boxing is DEAD save for Manny Pacquiao
Very pleased with the new Ipod. Hope it turns into a very useful tool.
when do you need them by?
Damn its so white people.
“: 33-7 run, Can u say beat down!”beat down!
rihanna's new gun tat is disturbing!
Independent ha
very true! My godmoms sis lives there :-)
Merry Christmas from everyone Have a safe and happy holiday!
Whatta day Des! Always extra innings close wins for #NATITUDE we'll take it.
Tomorrow's coffee of is Cream City Blend, which happens to have the option of Valentine's Day sticker on it. Get one for your sweeheart!
Trust The Instinct
Just went out to dinner...horrible service. Made me think of another BizTip: If you don't take care of your customers, someone else will.
Adam Levine: I love you Blake! Blake Shelton: Love you too! Adam: Not in a sexual way.. Blake: I can't say the same #TheVoice <3
Coins to be made, bills to be paid. Good Night Twitter
But I loved it!
This is absurd: lost arbitration. The $ is there 2hire some of us back. Rescind pink slips now!
Checking out the new hooters by rainbow and 215...live music every night! Pretty cool!
We are underway for the 2012 SBC Outdoor Championships. Weather delayed the start of the men's and women's multi-events.
#BBN Be sure to give my peoples a follow, to stay on top of all things related!
that or orange I'm thinking. Maybe mango?
we are working on the final stages of site, all vendors participating please forward all your products to us.
Generating a Steady Flow of Inbound Sales Leads
There is nobody happier than a truly thankful and content person.
RT “ "That's why you don't hire an intern to run your F500 social media" continuous education for all senior staff
Latin Tinge Thursday's Up Elevated Lounge. Join us for the sounds of your favorite Salsa, Timba and more.Free dance lessons at 9:00 pm.
Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.” - Mark Twain
Not even convenience could get me to wear flip flops in this cold weather
my pleasure! Hope you enjoy the seats!
-- that's a great one! And a perfect topic for the crowd. Thanx!
Trying to fix a soccer ball that I popped lmfao. (:
awesome man! Then indeed ill see you in a couple hours....andreas comin down to htown tonite too
your weird and you scare me :(
You're welcome! We love the work you do
Success is "the progressive realization of a worthy goal or idea."
My life went from alright to lovely god is good
i won't! looking forward to it.
Thanks for the bday tweets!
God blesses me in spite if me. Praise the Lord
Long day meeting with my photographer tomorrow,finish new sing,and a dinner date. Whooh
Follow #HolidayHQ experts
I need to purchase tea for myself.
Ladd Biro on AM 1300 The Zone talking Fantasy Football now!!! www.longhornstation.com
HEY GO TO BED YOU ! :P
I'd rather stay friends with benefits 'till we're ready.
Can't wait to watch! We opted for Big Bang Theory instead and only had time for 1 show last night.
Yeah, the 1760s had its issues. Boyce was fantastic but JCBach was a pale shade of JSBach.
How much did your Mum & Dad party at the restaurant in Belarus? Are they still partying? Congrats
Beware - The Ides of March! Julius Ceasar killed on his way to the senate... (44 BC)
10 percent? Would have to involve a trade, since Smith is under contract for $13.2 million next season.
Just thinking how San Francisco will change hopefully for the best in the coming months! More for the wealthy less for the poor?
Happy Monday!!! What better way to start off your week than by looking for a new career with a great company!?! Looking for experienced sal…
I'm a JUGGERNAUT when i
If u not going my speed ,stay out my line cuz i will monster truck yo ass. Thats life
Soo I'm Guessing That Almost All Of Team Mindless OKC Members Is Going To See Jacob Latimore BUT ME!! D:
Have you ever split a keg with Wade Boggs?
dude them uconn and last i saw long beach state
is the best at what he does.. all bitches that hates on him can truly die -_- what happened happened.. let it be! ily chris <3
Ryan Anderson has to make a top 10 most overrated players in the NBA list, right?
Andrew Bynum need some Just For Men hair dye, he going grey and he my age!
Athletes always participate the coaches just bluff any one who believes them is a puss
Its bout to hit the fan bro
TODAY IS THE DAY FOR FREE TANS! ANYONE can TAN in any UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE TODAY ONLY! MYSTIC TANS on SALE $10 each
": We just made eye contact... she wants the D" Definitely aaron goodman haha
#ListenUp One thing about me I'm silly funny crazy loving caring sharing daring bad and talented creative appreciating I don't hate either
you betcha! I took one of your tinctures and I feel better already ;)
holy shit this week went by fast!
well i didnt get it but let me check again
I really should stop sleeping in Saxby's. I think I underestimate the bum-ishness of this.
Back-to-back days riding outside...I think that's a sign that it's about to snow!
yeah , switch it up and get more TREY SONGZ with it !
Yep, new machine, firewall on != good for demos today...least privilege is a real pain in the #@!
Maybe WVU could win if they weren't playing against a 6th man
I'm a New Yorker so i'm like, 18 hours away but my dad is a potterhead to so he understands :)
It feels good to be back on Amazon Prime.
I guess the nonalcoholic/nondrugaddict life has left me with another boring weekend staying in house
you're a pretty little flower, I'm a busy little bee.
Starting off the summer season with new commitments and goals. Do you have any changes you want to make this summer in Milwaukee?
Juggalo for life bitch!!!!
white people are the devil
RT : major kudos to and Amy Goodman.
we'll check it out <3
my mans ;] lmaooooo
outlaw everyday on the front page
I am. It sucked balls. There was about 2 diving scenes. False advertising.
You know it's done right when you go to Hallmark <3
I think that Metro is improving, but it's not going to happen overnight.
Is it tho? Not really.
So fucking nice out.
I do it all the time
YAY! mahalo for following the randomness of it all...
Work out done, yard mowed. Time to #grill & have a
Why Are People Hating On . She Likes Vincent . So What Half Of The World Does Too ..
Thank you for your continued commitment to the women & daughters of #Afghanistan and to the Council
Check out the Handmade Revolution craft show today! Lots of fun goodies over there!
I'm beyond tired. I'm going to bed Bri. Goodnight :)
Can't wait for that shrimp! Of course, the company is always the best part of the dinner! Smile...
Exactly! The guy said he knew an English teacher doing it successfully and seemed surprised it worked.
Loving all this draft talk...have to admit though that I would prefer to be @ Radio City
: Brought you to the finish line of your #MarchForBabies fundraising...woohoo!
my dog is crying Dylan stop
Wow....u telling me that makes me wanna crawl up in a corner and cry for years...:(
Tough to be fan. Looks like the rollercoaster ride continues. Down they go again?
Anyone else having problems with Twitter today? Makes it difficult to talk with you all when I can't see your responses!
'i hate when fucking people make jokes and i DONT get them! Im half retarded!' -mikayla
Children are gifts. No one, mother or father, should be allowed to use them as pawns in adult disagreements. I hope I helped some kids today
#FernandoTorres scores for #Chelsea against QPR. Damn he's a good looking man.
Alright cool give me a date and time
should've called me ;)
Pushing myself at the gym.
RT : RT : Our speaking today on creating Social Media Marketing Plan - follow along via
Did you get your interstate snack?
“: #Pisces females are shoe collectors. Have you looked in their closet?” umhm
Nath, are you going to get yourself a thong with your name on it?
dont lump us all together. only jose refers anyone by their intern number
Please make sure to check into www.imaginarytalent.net for most recent info and event status!
IT just pushed an update to my work computer and now the software I need to "remote" in to work is missing. Grrr.
I think and I are having a little too much fun at the library.. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Anybody else's fantasy football day totally screwed from all these upsets? Geez.
I have no idea, what's on?
Recording throw them 3's tomorrow. Getting the EP done!!!!! Hot tracks on the way.
I am so happy to have my sister, , home this week! Hasn't been the same around here without her!
Also, can you call the front office? They usually send maintenance over to fix such things.
yeah let me talk to franchy a.k.a. hahaha
YEAH SURE APRIL FOOLS
That's why ur my buddy :)
I kno u watchin the game n I got more coupons free big mac #see red
can I invite you to discuss how to get you and the school started. Symbaloo 1 of the 7 fantastic free social media tools!
UK was in the nit tourny in 09, wasn't that long ago
*you're
Table read done!!
Remember ladies, your body is a temple, not a theme park.
well that's good. Mine was long
6 hour energy shot commercial is so #corny I can't help but laugh.
This Philly Bulls game is BS. They dam near tackled Boozer no foul somebody just looked at Holliday shoot the ball and its a foul
Make sure you check out our website for #sex articles #relationship articles #funny videos and more.. BOOK COMING SOON! :)
White Hoes Can't Jump.
i've been good to but exams had me so busy school is sucha hoe LOL :)
Yes, definitely. And too? #sushi #lifechats RT I wish, that'd b fun :/ next one pls
Handicapping tip: CD race 6: Bridgetown, Chamberlin Bridge, Great Mills.
This is pretty much when we always do ours.
No, it's not the 21st century in the US; we transitioned from the 20th to revisit the 19th: some schools count ID as science.
#TeamGPH team meeting ready to rock the next quarter!!
Jus left Golden Corral....
Thanks again to everyone who came out to #SkiForSunshine We raised over 5,000 lbs. of food on Friday!
hm maybe once or twice... Still not as much as me though
im about to burn one now.
NENE IS RICH PEOPLE!!!
Phil phillips sucks they tellin the truth lmfao
My email is lit up tonight. Politics! Love or hate?
Hey everyone!! I haven't been on twitter in so long! I miss it :(
love you guys too!
That moment when you sing a really fast rap part of a song!
Congrats to Man City its been 40 yrs overdue
dreading going back into work tomorrow..ugh..hate tax season..can't wait for it to be over. =/
Hand to God at Ensemble Studio Theater. A must see.
Jammin to to the song "Cake" with and her mom.
would you be interested in an Edu transformation initiative any school can afford? Todd 920-450-5404
Hola! Just heard from about tmrw. I'll be in Jordan from the 10th-17th so won't be able to make it nxt fri either :(
Well, if you want to look like a hero for doing very little. Come and do what your chum Beckham did and move to MLS ;-)
ah omg yes! Its been too good!
im doin ok, n u?
RT Met with Rep. Betty Sutton's staff, she is already a member of the Preservation Caucus.
i'm glad, haha you should burn down the house every weekend
is so gawguusss<U+2665>
When we stop seeing the Bible as direct Truth, we lose a grip on what it means to truly live.
RT : Packages of TRADER JOE'S CHOCOLATE CHIPS that still bear PLAIN OK SYMBOL r older stock & still certified #kosher pareve.
That Don't like remix cold but they should of kept that original beat but that shit still cold
Can't beat a day on the lake like that, momma.
We went with the Widen Media Collective DAM. The people here seem very happy with it so far.
As a former Fed I have a lot of sympathy and a rooting interest in civic innovators like
RT : Who wants a follow back? Retweet this shit.
you welcome:) and Thanxzs:)
*sigh* It makes me sad that Marilyn didn't run away with Collin. It could've been the greatest love story of all time.
Whoever said family is forever needs to be shot.. cuz their idea of forever is seriously misconstrued..
I've honestly never seen my brother this happy
Not possible fatty!!
do da Q- Tip
Wilderness as social construct :: has been a big deal for and to me, still. I like to say my favorite practices, all a little making wild-er
I might have been gone but I never walked out.
I've watched 5 episodes of Criminal Minds tonight. I'm pretty much an expert in criminal psychology now.
Did something happen?
Sometimes it's easier to say you don't care instead of trying to explain every reason why you still cry every night.
“: Waka Flocka, Ace Hood, Lil Scrappy, Kyle Lee, Shame Gutta & More at The Los Magnificos Car Show & Concert on Oct 30th in 210
I once put instant coffee in a microwave and went back in time
Thank you so much! Have a wonderful holiday as well.
man I'm in still in bed... Need to get my lazy butt up!!
Omg that's sick but, your funny!
#SharkTank lesson: Amazing product development --> Sales --> Operations --> Administration. If not successful at one stage, don't progress.
I hate the fucking rain. I'm soaked and cold and very pissed
Today's tip: Still want to have your cake and eat it too? Try cooking with a sugar substitute to lighten those calories.
We are at the Huawei Symantec partner summit this week! Check them out at www.huaweisymantec.us
I second that!
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities"
Im actually looking foward to coming back to #TORONTO this summer for a week of relaxation n all
Have you chosen to follow Christ in 2012? What has been your biggest struggle?
#FactsAboutMe Can't wait to use the #app on #Friday!
Drew Gooden bringing the rain!
I'm in the mood to get wastey pants tonight..
it's not like I liked Tebow, but really Manning? Jerkface. Why not go to the Titans who really NEED you?
i wish i had the swine flu.
you know.. Thank you for your help.
followed :) folow back?
can't wait for season 3 of the sarah connor chronicles!
An annular eclipse a week from tonight. As long as the clouds aren't in the way, ABQ's in the PERFECT spot for it! :)
Those pork chops sure were GOOD... Just not enough to share with 26 others :)))
It has been a pleasure working with you, and you will be missed. Be sure to keep in touch!
Just finished the teaser for a new web series called #Aimless that I had the pleasure of directing. Will be sharing soon tweet peps.
Going to watch the hunger games!!!! :D
I thought her and I had that talk already, I guess I didn't ask the right things or she just failed to mention certain things
back at to talk on Millennium Challenge Corp
I'm taking notes on dancing with the stars.... Gotta get my groove on for saturday.
Awesome Coach. Can we get a blog post on your takeaways from 's Positive Dog.
It feel good waking up to money in the bank.
RT Wow - so nice! Thank you.
Happy Birthday to Mrs.Ward and thank you for giving us Bob. The world is a much safer & better place because of him. God Bless!
Just saw my agent, Mei, at So glad for the feedback. She's a great person to have on my team.
How unreal are the LA Kings?
Durian (Pronounced DOOR-ee-uhn) – A huge fruit from Southeast Asia known for its pungent aroma and sweet, custardy flesh
So True,birth daughter with ASD & other disease, showed me priorties all wrong - new level compassion 4 others never had.
Big ups to bilingual staff members and patrons
You say no to drugs, juicy j can't
Upcoming shows in Columbus! January 8th @ Kobo January 28th @ The Basement w/ Lovesick Radio
:/ negative exponents
Josh Hamilton hit 4 2-run homers tonight along with a double to the wall.
I should call the guy who interviewed me 5 years ago and tell him I was totally wrong about where I saw myself.
I want to send a special mother's day message to Karen Hesselbach(1949-2011)From the bottom of my heart Happy Mother's day I miss you
You were the honey in my tea tonight..so good!
Actually I'm interested in sharing your link with my counselor staff. I can't view the video while at work.
My a/c in my car feels so good
lololololol. Also, coloring up loudly as you shout to the chip runner is best for maximum image.
I like getting ready in my madre's bathroom. Better lighting! ^_^
Thanks to for bringing it up-- Big Time Ups to Kyle Rechlicz (Black) hired to take over UW-Milwaukee Women's Basketball program!!
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
If one more kid screams their lines into my face cuz they've been trained to project...ah. Mics, microphone, this is not a stage. Relax:)
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face :)
I love you too ^.^
How that work?
Double copycat! Sounds like #Colts are following the Cam Newton plan by building an offense to fit Andrew Luck.
Getting ready for new opportunities! Full force into Digital Art Direction-->
ill ask mom if they're hiring at the dental office!
that's classy, feet hanging out the window isn't.
Just booked the flight to
cam newton!~rookie of year!
wonderful rally in Denver. I was there from Maryland! Keep up the energy and win the election in Nov!
check your dms from me please
Like: How I can print my conf schedule from website. Don't like: How it is not quite in chronological order
My fav. way to share is w/ EVERYONE - Tositos® Artisan Recipes® flavored tortilla chips
Not interested in a set of steak knives, eh? Get the Cadillac.
Love & Peace <U+2665>
possibly after practice.headed to south right now.
Remember, no matter the storm... you were built to withstand. Stand on the rock of faith under the wings of mercy!
How's the weather out there in #PHX at #AAAEPHX?
I propose a blotting kit upon arrival for all next year. : seriously -- why does everyone have a shiny face?? makes no sense.
Who remembers when Austin got his ears pierced? #goodtimes (:
Tiger will lead going into 4th round at Bay Hill.
SUURE,! I'd LOVE too (;
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Kmart - LIPITOR -
Thanks a lot man! Another year man this one flew!
Thank you for your important work. (And for your ridiculously cute avatar! )
#Cosign RT my favorite rapper . Every song he touch Dope
Parents will never ruin another relationship I'm in again.
you are the best/worst. you are the berst. #amahzing!!! “: templeton, that rat from scarlett's web #helen”
In real estate investing it's essential to be prepared to make the commitment to profit that is necessary for your ventures success!
when you smile i melt inside (:
please RT my girl for her 21st Birthday! She's a huge fan!! Pretty please? Thank you! <3
boner problems again? :p
because it works!
Sometimes I try to be!
totally agree RT : How do you have a Glen Campbell tribute without "Witchita Lineman"?
Everyone please follow and support her crew!! #LOVE Bree'Ann :)
the faster u live, the worse the crash
Hey just got done texting with ODB about this Sat night if you could DM me with hotel info im coming from Green Bay
My dad's got Cancer & we'd like to know would you like to come to Colorado & join us for a baseball game?
Open:Being Flynn, Jeff Who Lives at Home, The Illusionist (3/19 RIT Series,6:50,tix $5), Cont:The Artist,Friends with Kids,A Separation
No, no, thank you! Feel better Mr. Wicks.
Thanks for the
Obama:Though no women signed Decl of Ind,we can assume there were founding mothers whispering smarter things in ears of the founding fathers
stop by anytime. I'll be there all day today as well.
hehehe. Glad to be of service.
For "importance" I think you have to list the first movie in a series, because without it, none of the others would exist.
Show YouR #Hair Some Love! WE will be on Groupon Now Deal for the next week! Hair Cut & Style $16 Value $40!!!
My dreams have been crazy. And confusing. And close enough to reality that it really messes with me.
ok! thanks so much! <3
spent the day listening to amazing survival stories from victims of violent crime....inspiring
Toronto (Colborne) swept Rochester, and Bridgeport (Rakhshani & Donovan) was swept by Connecticut.
good luck!
Woe unto this world we inhabit !
& student talks about sitting in on podcast recording by from and featuring
We will see you there!
The O's mite not have swept the Yankees like the Yankees did earlier in the season but I will take the series win
Actions speak louder then words, so believe what you see and forget what you heard.
I mean I try and try and try but dnt shit change
I like that!
I'm about to sleep HELLA good ;)
Have fuuunn. Make sure Iverson packs enough beanies to get him through the weekend
Falcons Mite hockey wins 2-0 in OT!
M... Mondo Sub is amazing
EMOJI!! >:(( sunday cookout? can't WAIT
NEWS! Bring your business cards -> is doing a biz card raffle for tickets to “A Christmas Story” at the Paramount!
Playing with my new #ipad2 and feeling mysteriously giddy. Is this conversion?
i followed :) and sure :D
Is Kevin Gregg still on the #orioles? Bullpen went 8 last night & he's still not being used with a big lead. Buck = smart!
But not a Chinese food and movie kind of day?
I'm gonna karate chop the rest of this week.
Giving this Stuff a Break for a While Bye Twats
Ima smack just like the guy did his friend in the toyota commercial
Yes. I'd like to inform you that you need more Old Style beer in your day-to-day life. We can start there.
Orlando Q2 meeting May 15 with on mobile security and Layer7 on Web Services.
I miss being there at Petco. 26 years as season ticket holder before moving to Abq & taking job w/ another team
always stay positive
Who bored
I'm having a blast at #SWMadison but my liver is missing and and my peeps from
I love twitter, it's so great!!
My Teacher Said He Got Me A Macy Card For My Birthday -.- Lmao
nice!!! Gotta love me!!!
BrightGreenFuture.net Oct 21-22 OPEN for registration - more than 40 green workshops by passionate presenters creating a clean green future
please follow me<3
Sample lyric from Madonna's latest: "You're my gangster...you're like Caesar...you're like Abe Lincoln/cuz u fight 4 what's rt" via
Been turning academic lectures/power points -> interactive learning modules;size of delta in teaching skill/content completeness interesting
Have a great weekend everyone! If you're feeling hungry, head to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark #DC for great atmosphere and even better food!
: would love for you to meet the bus for CIS A BC 1004 extra credit!
asks, what's the difference between Tiger W. and Santa? Santa stops after 3 hoes. Lol
Sing it out loud, if you like it like that;)
Sketched dept's entire workflow on 2 huge cut-apart mailing envelopes. Good. Showing to office mates who now think I'm crazy. Not so much.
Does he work there now?
welcome to twitter
Tomorrow's another day...
3. ENJOY LIFE: 50 ft Canyon Swing, one of the longest zip-lines in NA or a one-of-a-kind Cyclo-Cross course, found @ 2010 WCG!! ENJOY!!
The Avengers cartoon is pretty sweet
Israel ICA info session today!
Butler basketball ..... can hardly believe I am here.
Idkayy maybe its because your glasses are missing
Coachella 2012 Livestreams, Lineup, Tickets, Passes, Camping, Dates &amp; More [Video] - BostInno
Leave it to the Celtics to try to trade for Chris Paul, offering up Rondo! Only problem is, CP wants NY! Why are the Celts shopping him?
I love you, ! Cheer up baby.
how bout some blocking?
i never got my first eggsteroid clue for likeing your facebook page! For angry birds space, and are u starting to sell the them?
STOP TALKING LIKE THATY. I LOVE YOU ID BE SO UPSET WITHOUT YOU. STOP.
Anything you've lost in life just know that god will replace it in better ways..
Many felt compelled to comment on the Uthoff transfer. Does anyone really care what thinks about Bo Ryan?
PHOTOS HERE! STAR TREK LIMITED EDITION PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH/ HISTORIC TALENT CAREER/ EDU/MUSIC/ENT. IND./ PROFESSIONAL PORTFOLIOS CLIK MY PAGE
At happy hour w/ the Tigers
Interesting title lol
*plate throw*
"Be a rookie every year" keep your brain fresh! Stretch yourself...
"Hey Brynn... you probably know where is, right?" Brynn: Um... New York?
The spoiled me. We have no minibar, no Apple charging dock, and only wired internet.
Now pouring light, crisp, clean Old Seattle Lager from our beloved ! Have a Happy Hour pints $3.50 from 4-6
Wow what a long couple of days!!! Played in the middle of and Airfield today... what?
I cannot watch that trailer without howling with laughter.
ok, cool. Coming from a person in tight shirts, probably never even kissed a girl.
I dont want the world to see me cause I dont think that they'll understand.
RT : Goodluck to and headed to Colorado Springs to get USA basketball rolling!!
This is a little too much for me
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 32
Pray for the people on the block, just trying to support their family
Out the shower nice and clean know drying my hair talk to me ;*
Well... we are shooting a feature of 3 Poe shorts but it's also possibly broken up as a web series.
Alejandro and the Sensitive Boys at Iron Horse Music Hall in NorthHampton Mass
This sub scares the crap out of me
Ya i can tell, i very happy for ya
GOOD LUCK Greeny!
Uh oh... Starting an #FS trend? lol
Sweety pie has to return to work tomorrow. Building custom guitars at while I'll be sleeping & reading all day. :)
Monday tomorrow, fuck the weekend went by fast ;o
What's happening these days? Job Search? How was the weekend?
“: The mission is simple: "To Leave NO Oklahoma Child Without A Family!" ”
Try to get sum a batteries from ur dad
Jon Jones
En route to Portland for the Road Show. It's not Friday, but #FF !!
What a tool.
Thanks for the sweet tea, "sweetea"... ;)
Late medieval English spelling: 510 ways to spell "through", 16 for "I", 33 for "any".
I hope you came by our #Fabulace Booth
Thanks for the work you do for the people of Uganda!
correction once again, he's 15. Please learn your facts
What a beautiful morning! I'm thankful we got to stay in MD to see the peak of the leaves changing, and that we'll escape the winter! :D
Taty so dumb.
Tonight: support group and later, laundry.
she looks trashy with blonde hair.
hi Dan, following.
one can only hope.. RT": Attention RW'ers: In 1953 scientists predicted the GOP would implode in 2012. #tcot"
Whatever you're going through just know God is the great navigator and he will never steer u into danger!
thank u!!
I hope for your sake it's fake as well!!
Watching CSI:NY
The fuckd up thing about my birthday is that a nigga gots to go to the dame docter.
So what you're saying is that you don't care about people's time. Thanks again for not showing. It makes you look super professional!
dumb ass, nigga I listened to that Around Me shit, that shit so cold lol
what? we already have sidewalks. We NEED is public transit to #LAX and on Sepulveda.
no I don't. I'm perfectly normal
Getting ready for the #StarParty with tonight! Still a few seats open to sample their new CA EVOO and other delish dishes
Milwaukee tattoo convention this weekend. Come out for a sweet hang!
Cue Republican wingnut outrage in 3, 2,1... CRT : Florida task force to consider "stand your ground" changes after Martin shooting.
My brothers are relly singing Britney Spears: )
Ah yeah!
At NISO E-books Renaissance, exploring the possibilities exposed by digital books
and BTW, Jennings is OK, but is immature. He'll be bankrupt faster than Iverson. Cover that. He's not close to being a max.
CALM DOWN BRITNEY. <3
anybody having problems with DM's
GOOD CHOICE!!
If Rajon Rondo carried/traveled anymore his name would be Lebron James
got Saturday off but work Sunday
for real my nigga she's a playa this year I taught her well
Have a #safeflight1D! see you boys in 6 weeks :)
HaHa Kamzzy :D WE !!!!! He love us ;] Hes say "Not happy " YEEAHH
Baby steps RT The brown #Browns jerseys are reportedly back this season!!!! YAAAAAYYYYYY!!!!
Whoa! Young Bravo is HOT right now! If you didn't know you need too... www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 WIZ WHO??? Hahaha! Yeah-I said it.
Wow where are you playing? I wanna come make 8k real quick...
wht the hell is wrong wit twitter any1 having problem
Follow us on Twitter at and we’ll take 10% off your roundtrip to a Dbacks game!
Ready for my first ever shift as
thanks! It was fun but I am exhausted today! Didn't make it home till well after 2.
Dallas Stars #WINNING ;)
Shows being booked for Texas area and then back around to Florida. Will be posting newsletter and update video soon.
I hate the people with bad grammar that complain about bad grammar fuck you
When you start thinking the grass is greener on the other side, remember this, the grass is always greener over septic tanks.
not in just missin you lol
dudee, who is he? when I got a text from you I was like ok? cuz you never text me & it was him lol.
I need something to do
I would like a new tattoo but ima wait til I get home cuz hubby wanna get one done w/ me :)
is so presh. He's very attractive. I bet you $10 he won't see this. BUT IT WILL INCREASE MY CHANCES BY CAPITALIZING THIS.(;
LED lights are my new favorite toy! Glamourous shots in small spaces :)
Drake: Voice of the Gods or No Talent?
for information on birth, death, and marriage, press 1
he really speaks The truth that goes For all men And Boys
I had fun working alongside today.... Lot of laughing ... Film coming soon
By doing this we will learn more about our brethren and the beliefs while sharing ours as we seek a common ground on a very touchy subject.
is NOT crazy - I'll certify that
I kinda wish today was Christmas .
Jeff Ross and Dave Attell live roasting at Comedy Cellar... Pretty New York... Pretty sweet
Well, Barrie Cole ()'s plays are ripe for discovery. Spoils go to whomever produces them. Really.
#teamfollowback ? No ? Okay :?
Dublin's own Fiach in Ceol bar in NY this evening - check him out people!
Best High Schools in Philly ?
I Voted for Wacey
Jordyn and Michelle need to hop off !
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
The next Chicken Announcement at Midnight mean while its 11pm Means Bunny!!!!
RT if you love devon and me. ;-)
this. is. why. we. can't. have. nice. things.
don't worry, I will ask again when zona isn't listening
I AINT NO STUNT DOUBLE I DONT STUNT OR FRONT I KEEP IT REAL I LEARN NOT TO GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THOSES WHO OPPOSE IM S FOR SINCERE-YOUNG.S
Looking back at old pictures and thinking, "Did I actually look like that?" LOL
I been doing...same stuff different day...and u?
We're building an app for #NGGS12 -- any suggestions or wants? Now's your chance to chime in on your attendee experience!
I've Calibre on < $200 netbook, and hopefully it'll run on the $25-$30 Raspberry Pi, too.
So do you ride in the city?
I think some people are born with an allergy to being on time. Or they have some black in them. OOPS hahaa
Ikea shopping service now in Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia by Furniture Assembly Experts
Back in SF after AAM. "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces" went well. Lots of new iPhone mobile app possibilities
Braxton Family Values :)
take a shot4meee
We loved showing you around - next time we'll come and visit you! Enjoy the rest of your DC visit!
where's shawna been in the past few videos?! I MISS MY DARK CHOCOLATE!</3
Wok inn is too nice when your faded for a late night snack
There is nothing like a nice cold glass of Coca Cola.
Awesome! Congrats on a season 2!
Why do our eyelids get heavy when we're sleepy?
Allow loves ride to drive the road it needs to drive.
Love is like a rubber band two people hold on to it one let's go and the one still holding on to it gets hurt
Machinery is beautiful, the sky reflected in Penguin Ed's VW is more beautiful
If you're not watching this Rangers/Red Wings game, than you hate puppies.
At the least the drinkers had good taste! RT : yep. but we sold some Dethune Rose! ;)
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die...
And you didn't notice me looking at you? That's really awkward.
I followed them (:
When you walk into a bar and your usual drink and a jelloshot with whip cream are handed to you what are you going to do??
my mom is a raging fucking bitch. i hate her so much.
Female athletes are more susceptible to injury, so it is even more important you are eating properly and allowing time for rest & recovery
Watching #meangirls never gets old! I forget that all the #SNL ladies are in it! Also love where all the #plastics are in real life today
wowza just saw this, awesome. except that "smoothie" looks kind of narst.
Can't believe #Rihanna was runnin through a field with her rack out and the farmer told her to cover up! Ungrateful bastard!
Happy Tuesday!! Need to look pretty this weekend for Easter? We will have openings this week! ;)
T Y RT : Morning it is a glorious morning - have a great day
go eat scrodum
Dude. DM doesn't seem to know that he is supposed to blast Sweet Home Alabama went it plays on a road trip. BAMA!!!!
You honestly don't know how annoying you are. You take it too far and i want to punch you in the face.
Most definitely! RT : If you are at #Techbash11 say hi to !
ugh. What for?? Tennis? Can't you ditch? For me :)
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work [ #Aristotle ]
Goodbye Very sad to see you go, but excited about
Let's talk basketball and not make silly comments such as what your article suggest. U need a player n Melo on your team PERIOD
What do you in Philly eat pretzels with, mustard?
#GIANTS #superbowl score!
Ok.. you def need to hashtag this one.. maybe under
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there. We appreciate your capacity for love. Stop in today and treat your moms to something special.
My nigga is convincing me to go to edc and dam it I want too but my offer still stands I have my pass in my wallet now
It's a little early for you. But good night. :-)
You should really follow ! :D
What's the largest gun you would carry for self defense?
Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.--Ambrose Bierce
Home alone :/ somebody come Over!
“ Everything happens for a reason.”
Local cheeses+apricot purée+Muscadet; cold pea soup+crème frâiche+Austrian rosé; grilled quail+greens+fennel+balsamic+Macon; profiteroles!!!
DC United wins in PK's against LA Firpo!!!!
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
all inclusive is awesome. Did not fit into my pants on the way home from Mexico once because of it.
Going to see dark shadow with
good luck and enjoy!
I woke back up with a slight attitude lol
Come on finally pick me!!!
Sounds awesome! Have a great time!
Me no like guys who no jumbo! Tell em super size me a combo! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's a brand new day! Time for a new hairstyle or a trim? Hair in the City is waiting for you! www.hairinthecity.com
yes... Yes we are strong!
Two great tweeps, and , are engaging in an informative exchange of views, making very salient points.
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. ~ Fred Allen
imagining about the moment when already decides to tweet me back..:(
38 followers thanks to everyone!
So you can't get any porn apps on the iPhone. That would be a gold mine!
Are you eating fried chicken?
But you improved and can now run circles around any 7 year old you choose. Right? #hopeforme?
Can I just love you more?
awesomee alex please can you follow me :D
Another day of what do they people have in common - Pat Benatar, Jim Croce and Rod Stewart...it's their birthday today. Happy Birthday!
omg its like my life. The movie is really good too
Watching The Voice finale, even though I stopped watching the show before the blind auditions were even over. I want to see the Bieber.
"Freelancing means walking from the West Village to the Upper East Side and back because you don't have enough money for the subway."
Awesome! I've yet to read it, project for this weekend. I love Lanford Wilson's other plays, so I'll look forward to this one
Of course the power goes out right as the cats are about play.
MT": NIDA's Compton: many opportunities to address drug abuse along the criminal justice continuum."
Caffeine woman!! It's the best time of the day.
This boys got my heart in a way he doesn't even know <3
When your high and someone asks if you want this or that and you respond "uh yes."
Sam and Mercedes <3
It's game time!
I LOVED this years Teen Choice Awards!! Another congrats to JUSTIN! Now off to watch Keeping up with the Kardashians!
hi, who is your favorite wrestler of all time? Mine is Ricky the dragon steamboat.
. will be announcing commencement speakers later this afternoon. Stay tuned for this exciting announcement!
I wish I was still pure. So whenever I would get into a relationship, i don't have to think about sex all the time.
That won't end well lol I saw the folks flashing the weather men. Craziness.
They need to start playing 60 minutes of hockey. Not 40.
Drake&Josh <3
Happy St. Patty's day
Paper time! Oh joy!
Do you remember daydream believer? I am going to listen to it on youtube now in honor of him.
I'm sorry I miss u to boo
Always see the big picture...
Dude friends picked up a very awkward, solo, older lady on the train. Guess who gets to chat with her??
heck yes
What happened to all my Weird Al tapes?
Finally Smokeout Conversations!!!! It was worth the wait!!!
the messed up part about it is that I just want some wings
No track today :D
Wow that's terrible! Hope the babe is OK now?
im sorry :( but I love you!
Excited to present the 6/30 program of my monthly Smithsonian 'Metro Mambo' lecture/concert series at the Folklife Festival on The Mall.
Stay away from my gentleman's sausage
Green Machine Naked Smoothie & Starbucks night made!
#myweekness is trending & WEAKNESS isnt even spelled right
do we still own files? RT : if we save our files in the "cloud" we no longer control where they live.
Thanks, Marilyn. I have a grandson named Alek.
When I was in grad school, I lived in Pakistan doing research (mid 90s). I wanted to complain today, then recalled how cushy my reality is.
Going to Keeneland is like chugging a bottle of NyQuil
Just had a really lovely audition w/ Jim Simpson at the Flea for The Bats. Check out their show Just Cause playing til June 6th!!!
my principal knows i get many good things from twitter/PLN, but i am waiting the 'Yes' from the tech police :-(
dont think I forgot
Actually the team I picked last year, made it to the finals. Plus I supported them the whole season.
off to leesburg ga
So I made this trending topic up and I'm in Twitter jail on my personal account -.- but keep tweeting #ifidatedambmember :) -Chelsea
cause in the day light anywhere feels like home <3
SO excited for monthly payday date to Zilla Sake House. NOMNOMNOMNOM.
#Sadbuttrue RT : RT : "who doesn't like YouTube? Umm, let me think- Public schools and the Taliban." via
bro the exact same thing happened to me
Seeking a Sr. Generalist Programmer with an intimate knowledge of Unreal3 to join a bad ass FPS studio in San Diego!!
Congrats to of announced this morning he's expecting his first child!
Only create and use content you are passionate about
Yup yupRT : When y'all slide thru got y'all drinks. If y'all new a table got y'all. And shes vulnerable hahaha
Hello! Send an email to arianna I can give you more details :D
yay thank you, friend!!! hope your schoolwork goes swimmingly that weekend, so you can make it! :)
the best #midnightsnack is cheese eggs!!
Thanks for a great and insightful event from BR.
true? RT :Today's goal:Be like Hulk's pants.I might fray a little bit,but I will stay up no matter what happens.
Looks like Spring is finally here. Now if the winds would just go away I would be a happy window cleaner!
Someone tell me why thinks cares about the Sweetwater...
Meanwhile am in mideast. Can barely get on internet. Who needs haterade when you've got good old fashioned regular hate?
ugh I miss you two so much I'm moving back in two weeks GOD BLESS
Atlantis The Eyewitnesses - Finding the Truth -
I love how people thinks that they know me So well! #We aren't even friends and never even hung out!! Lmao!! Haters going to hate!! RNS
Oh yes i did!
Thanks KeepitQUERQUE! - AIBA for sharing about my bears.
I Love NEW GIRL on Fox. Yea I'm a man and I admit it
Alright new phone..lets see whatcha got.
Watch your inbox: Our Breaking News E-mail That Never Lies says Carl Anderson is Clear Channel's new SVP of Programming for its West Region.
Follow me on instagram
The was supposed to be named after Our Hero, but he politely declined.
Hang in there boys. 3 points tonight are HUGE.
I am the only person in this laundromat. This is a new experience.
Waiting an hour 1/2 for the doctor is so uncool. #smellsliketheirlunchbreak!
Depends on the video game
Hey whiteman...do you perform in Philly?!
So glad i have no drama
Cool! I was wondering about that. Do you have more info somewhere on your website about theses art internships?
I had the best 1.5 hour massage today. Bc I'm worth it!
On a mayo sprint while Steve is traveling, I think I'm *almost* mayoed out.
Best tumblr iPhone app... Thoughts?
was supposed 2 go fishing but truck broke down, since 11:30 fixing truck, fixed #4 ignition coil but while fixing broke vacuum tube
#justread The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge stayed up past my bedtime to finish it. Nighty. night everyone.
#WelcomeToMiami where the weather is bipolar af !
oh my gosh, he is killing me!! *_*
I have no idea how I didn't lose my sunglasses yesterday.
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi
going to taco bell and then school
Great seeing you & checking out our 'new' digs, now send me PHP devs! Joke.....but no really.
tell Peter to get out of the PNW. Portland summer is the better than anywhere in the world. -Ben
tweet tweet
Good job boys! Im so proud of my Lakers!
I am wondering if you doctored the chip up on the top right though.
Thanks for reading! Have a great evening.
awe thankks Aaron! How's life treatting you?
So much anger on my timeline.
Ive been up since 7am and I've done nothing productive. Fuck!
I may be the most stubborn person ever but for the most part at least I can admit when I'm wrong..
Yeah! Thanks for RT-ing!
Thanks for following me on Twitter, Dan. Look forward to your succint, actionable posts. Cheers!
Great. Just trying to followback all the people that followed during the 3 week absence.
Did you see the d Jordan!!!!!!
Patty Mills is like the Speedy Claxton of 2003 for the Spurs.
Any jewels bro?
I see the light at the end of the tunnel! My long overdue college graduation will happen by the end of the year and before I turn 30! Whoop!
I feel like someone spiked my morning coffee with haterade.
I love the train horn I have on my #jeep :D
Omg freaky thing happened ok so i was downstairs in my basement the phone rang i went upstairs to get it nothing but total silence on the..
Due to delays in receiving a US visa Damien Cripps has had postpone his tour of the US This includes cancellation of Dec.2nd. date at Perks.
google wave...
Extra innings at the #Masters. Go !
#ChiCultural2012 There are a lot of folks that just pass through #PortagePark. Arts and culture needs to more visual to passing community
Making It Rain All Day
I might have to start reading them...when I'm alone of course.
Thank you & sorry! Found out around 8 pm. Dealing w/ it ever since. Updating 3rd party apps with new username/pw!
Look at how I'm chillin, I'm killin this ice.
new version of write-n-cite is coming very soon. You'll be able edit citations and much more.
The bang was so loud that the Black Eyed Peas forgot The Time, while Rihanna had memory loss and ran around saying Whats My Name.
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
Les do this #Spurs!! Go spurs go!
Pale Simms, I mean Phil Simms is the whitest dude you ever saw!
Those who matter don't mind, those who min don't matter- Dr. Seuss
Walk into class today with a bright orange cut sleeve Amsterdam shirt on. Teacher looks at me and says happy earth day then gives me a wink
#Its2012WhyYouStill doing that same Workout routine that made you fat in 2011?
would *love* to see rbms work on assessment tools!
are you related to the author Elizabeth Coatsworth?
Setting up and packing for a long day tomorrow
When I hear the #BugJuice theme song I get all teary eyed......
ahh.. no sorry); i cant give up Austin. he might be alot of work. but i love him
Happy April Fools Day! Just about a month of school left to go!
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
Best in the world at what he does vs CM Drunk,,Cena Vs Rock and H VS UNDERTAKER.
I hope you will always come to me if something is bothering you.
Dreamt that I made an appointment at LA Ink and was halfway through a half sleeve when I realized I had no fucking money to pay the guy.
By far the best thing about not having a boyfriend is being able to eat Gardetto's at will.
but I do have to give props to one of the guys who has an awesome mustache and wears cool glasses
La vs La west finalz..
So true!!
“: Hispanic inclusion is almost non-existent in the highest echelons of Corporate America. To be successful you have to play an
Fellow actors - what are you doing today to forward your career?
The date was lovely but it really reminded me of someone I would rather be on a date with. Now I feel sad. I don't like dating.
Awesome. Rehearsal. I love these talented women I get to work with.
lol, This Bitch thinks i give a'f
Lil' Wayne's next mixtape should be called "Sorry for the Carter IV
As a business owner, is your business legit & protected? This is why we ensure our clients have the proper biz...
To run or not to run... This is the Sat morn question...
Lmao.you know when a guy just got some he be having this big ol smile
Tnx 4 the #QUOTE "If you don't create the life you want, who will." I needed to hear that right now.
Good morning everyone. GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
So anxious I could punch a baby.
dm me your phone number, I would like to have a phone conference with you & your guardian, and what time is good?
thanks for letting me know! How's ur Tue going?
its been like forever lol !
but can I ask you something? Just a question on what you think about a certain thing?
“: you're beautiful, you're worth love, you're worth life.”
I have a stalker.....no joke.....I'm scared
I love Sundays too. Been going to a new church, and heard a Great Word today.
What factors do you review to determine the success of your online marketing campaigns?
Getting ready for MLK Day of Service at Hill Dance Academy, run by MAM alum Ayisha Morgan-Lee
we are excited for this years fair! We are most excited for the #JustinMoore concert Saturday night!
HEY! EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HELP HER GET TO 500! :D
Excited for the first think tank session at #WMNatSec - Burning Issues for Women’s Leadership Success.
RT : We raised over $184,000 last night at our #PartnersforLife Gala!!! Over 3,000 kits will be processed!
Oh, that's ok, Denver. I didn't care about my #tournamentbracket anyway.
I would really enjoy seeing beer and food pairings as well as meet the brewer events..different than just samplings
3 year old niece playing with my hair
congrats buddy!! Wish you guys the best bro
- love the pancake recipes!!!
Fucking fuck my parents! November hurry up so I can live with people who like me.
K got it haha
that's what they call a happy accident
My life is so funny:3
did you turn into rihanna...
I hate my mother
like the 40 miles, nice work!
Welp, so much for that undefeated season Chane Behanan predicted. UK is waiting.
Amen!! RT : CUT THE SHIT. WHY CANT YOU JUST CUT OUT THE REPEAT OF THE GOOD WIFE?
u too!
Despite having my feet trampled on and nearly punching a few people was the bollocks, deffo seeing his next one! #WellDoneBabe!
yes yes yes!!!
Belated RIP to Georeg Steinbrenner. Even as a Red Sox fan, you've gotta respect an owner who wants to win at all costs.
“: Thanks for everything the other night!” always out tonight if you girls make it
How does a team stand a chance against us when they cant even stand on their feet when they get bumped!! Lol
Joe Flacco stinks. He's just a really, really bad football player. Kid has an internal clock slower than bledsoes
no, boo! already on a plane. next time!
Men of colour academics invested in patriarchy are far too common for me to feel safe in this career path and world.
Turns out Kanye West took Kim Kardashian to an NBA game for a date. Or as Kim would call it "window shopping."
what's good man..songwriter I meet u at the international music conference...they play my records u liked
Can I just say GO MATT KENSETH!!!
She couldn't be a luckier kid. Or cuter. Congrats!
Nautica as our latest #blastoffnetwork retail partner. Welcome!
Note to self: April 9th is International Gin & Tonic Day.
absolutely! I retweeted your previous post with the ustream link. Good luck!!
"People don't fail in Hollywood, they give up" from "A Writers Guide to The Hollywood Jungle" by S. Marx
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The law doesn't require you to split property 50/50 upon divorce - it requires a "just and right" division.
Fucking awesome day.
Sweet! RT : "I've seen the future! It's a bald Headed man from New York!" Watching Lost in America thanks to
Working on following people back. Sorry, only following real people and those in Portland right now. At reply if we missed you!
Another tough day at the office
I did not, in fact, star in St. Elmo's Fire, nor was I just acquired by the Cleveland Indians.
Hi Laura- we won't be accepting applications until after the holidays. We'll keep you posted. Thanks!!
Tv shows can be so dramatic
Fake Baby, just shut up!
ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!! Plus, BREAKFAST BURRITOS till 3! With optional CHORIZO!!! Mention this post, and get one for half price!
Valentines Day is the most overrated holiday.
I Would Love For You To Follow Me :)
I am honored to be returning as head coach for the team this year; thank you to all those who have supported me and the team
bring the radish on down. Chef lisa will help.
When me and my mom clean. Mom:i got the kitchen, you got the rest of the house. Me: .....k ?
HA! RT : ESPN just boasted that Grantland is the first mainstream website to successfully bridge sports and pop culture.
had the best day ever, thanks to Twin Oaks and all the awesome people I commingled with!
learned when we did that grocer interested in OS was leaving Memphis & selling their grocery stores... Reviewing concepts
They respond so u can respond so they can respond =
I want to start a podcast where I just get wasted the entire show and bitch about sports.
I got my email confirmation for real world casting tomorrow.
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided - Casey Stengel
Could siragusa shut the fuck up?
Hand for hand. Up to 180k after some nice spots on the bubble. Winning lots of antes :))
yummmyy i want some!
#MyCelebCrushIs there a latin american actress with personality? Her lol
I watched to the end but I have to give it to you straight, you didn't seem prepared to create "premium content". Meandering.
No one ever pays me in gum!
I'd say 100 years old and as slow as a snail
Why would anyone start a rumor campaign that Jon Bon Jovi has died?
don't be a dick and turn on espn. Duke rallying from a 20 pt deficit.
When you live like this you're supposed to party
I'll take it...sweet! RT : how about a gold star?
Ever notice how the biggest scumbags in life come off as the nicest people ever and some of the best people come off like pricks?
what's up.
God help me, I think I want to see the Harold & Kumar Christmas movie.
hahha! He's so cutee him & jackie were playing, to cutee :D
Everywhere that happens! RT : my coworkers and I take so much advantage when my manager not here
Myrtle Beach, SC
Brian Turner (PSU) and former director of the is now responding. Focus on collaboration in digital tools and its import.
My birthday's at the end of the month. Concert in my honor? Just saying....
India won worldcup cricket after 28 years ... cheers ...
RT i love my team, i would die for them niggas.
god you're so on top of it!
What, and leave this mess in a dress? Not in a million. LOL At WLRN NPR now - 91.3FM. All cerebral & stuff. You good, Sweetie?
SO Cuttteee! Are they still there??
I miss you, Leo.
And like a flood, His mercy reigns.
Great weather!
What time do you expect Eric Hutchinson to take the stage tonight?
Try again, verb missing. ;)
You have a problem...
thanks for the follow!
nice kudos to William Burroughs and Tibor Kalman. little dig at TDR ;)
Beach was god. Now showered and about to eat out with the family at Korean BBQ. Last night here :( idonnnwannaleave
Spent the morning with one of our school partners. Customizing a mentor program 4 their children. Amped about what the kids will experience!
Curious about patents, trademarks or copyrights? Get an Intro to Intellectual Property today @ 5pm in the Homer Rice Center, 2nd floor east.
Just got burnt driving in the car for about 20 minutes.
Patrick Stump's voice will always put me in a better mood.
ONE-LINER: Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
you in la for good?
Gonna jam home, inhale sustenance and then jam back downtown for
good night bitchess :)
So I was right in the first place.... Then I started to believe her. I feel dumb. Lol whatever, at least it's done.
Brians Song is probably the saddest movie I have ever seen
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCI!! Hope you're having a wonderful day!! Blessings<U+2665> :)
thanks for the shout!! Happy New Year~
Luckily, the barrier to entry of using IRC keeps the quality high on #minecraft on freenode
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment. -E James Rohn
"It sure is hot on these rhinos."
Please explain connection between egg laying rabbits, jellybeans, & monotheism? BTW, don't lose track of hidden hardboiled eggs. still stinx
Yup! I usually toss these out; not sure why I thought twice this time. Canned spam it is; even the email read as prefab.
I'm getting all my stuff out of my form and into my house!
First rehearsal last night for THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN. It was obvious that the only answer is not to sleep for the next four weeks.
#LAStageTalks Steven, yes. Working within a discipline make a difference when writing about it. So helpful.
Happy #ff Friday!!
All fracking critics are fear mongers eh ? Nope, there are legitimate health & enviro concerns.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Im down for a fantasy league
For the first time in over a year of post production, Im finally completely happy with the intro to this film, thanks to
These guys are do hot
Friday nite is rocking out Caribbean style in the lounge in the South Bay! It's going to a great show!
is it me, or is Smith looking like Tebow?
Kids. Husband. Work. Just to name a few.
Had the best holiday/weekend in awhile!!!! #happy:) Back 2 the grind now.
Come enjoy the lovely sound of tonight @ 5:30! Did we mention Happy Hour is until 7! Live Music + Happy Hour = An Amazing Night!
Dear crime scene shows, thanks for teaching me how to commit the perfect crime.....(: Sincerely perfect killer(:
HahaHaha, I Was Watching Supernatual ...You Hip??.
Fascinating talk with on about "Escape from Camp 14" Shin Dong-hyuk's life in a North Korean prison camp.
Last nite a hungry homeless lady refused bread I offered her because she said "I dont eat glutein"...only in
Damn y did I eat that Chinese food my stomach is hurting I need the gym now lol
I am now a bigger fan of for being my first follower.
Fuck yes. Now let's hold this one.
#nfldraft opinions on Branch DE from Clemson...2nd round grade?
RT : glad we came out tonight.< whhhaaaat!!! where were you? Rabbits!!!
thank you!
u suck! Im still here
Does anyone know where to find an example of a bio for a "social media expert"? Note: not for me :)
Take advantage of the Valentine's Day 100% one year discount to Navis Yachts Magazine in pdf format, visit
Hilltop field art, drink!
Sam you better fucking help out Mercedes.
Today's gift card winner is Elisabeth Payne. Congratulations!
Greatest day! RT : Great Day, or Greatest Day?
For the record, never trust an alcohol infused concoction made from this individual --> CC:
That is soo sweet. You actually love your fans. That is cool of you. Not many people do that and tell them.
I hate when bitches bitch on twitter
Beautiful Day In Houston for taking a long Ride....Hope alls good your way.. and Be safe out there Yall!!!!!!!
Smart phones: making the boring parts of life bearable.
What are you piercing?
“: We're thrilled to be opening the new Benjamin Franklin exhibition today!” cool.
Ok we're ready for you Mr. Berlin!
my trade proposal for david akers on my fantasy team is turned down
Happy 100th birthday to the Oreo! I prefer Double Stuf. yum yum good!
any chance of shooting you on the beach today before the event tonight? we never get the beach shot in nyc!
twitter is for old people.
Don't be mad because you're spot wasn't on there.
Yawn #BarneysBrideUnveiled, show me the Mother.
Oh yea lol RT : mothers day perhaps
RT for Austin with braces FAVORITE for Austin without braces (: -Ali<U+2764>
#famouslies I wore a condom
I love doing that. I go on a "like attack." RT : Sometimes I be on facebook liking peoples status' for the heck of it
lol wut? you know Utah has the highest per capita consumption of porn, right?
oh heeeyyy there. Fancy meeting you here.
International Woman's Day?!
He is the #fattestmayor #Newark has ever seen andhe is always on tv.America loves fatsos!Why would he lose weight?
Day 5 of my 10 day work week. Shwingggg
looking forward to Mahler 5 this morning!
we as a society need to break the monopoly of the lefts hatred and control! Support the conservatives!
“: Oh, yes continue to tell me about how sweet your knuckle ball is that you're too afraid to throw in games.”
it's
What fitness routine are you doing today?
Does giving antibiotics to animals hurt humans?
basically across the street. Hahaha.
Get up, keep your pjs on and get The Eatery! Don't wear pjs? Put some on!
Heard of NFL widows? I think im becoming a Netflix widower.
WATCH ELF. WATCH ELF. WATCH ELF. (;
Time for a nap!
Lol btw I'm off you too do don't text me
Maybe not so "public" but the rest of it- hell yeah! Cheers to that!
WHAT IS
very interesting - is this for rockmelt?
u give me the runs... Lol
no my dms get deletd by themselves along with everything else on my phone lol
totally just realized the Stephen Colbert's desk is a big C
oh hey! Corky,or Orkid!how can u tell from Corky and Orkid A part and markings and suff!?
What art "hot spots" should a visitor to KC hit besides H&R Block Artspace at KCAI, Nelson-Atkins Museum and Kemper Museum?
Scotland Yard: Live TONIGHT at 9: Jumbo Shrimp! NO COVER. Everybody loves Jumbo Shrimp so come down and see why. It's Friday, celebrate it!
:-) Ayee I think my momma gon' let me go to Harlan. #NoMoreTexas'!
hot damn sounds awesome. Saw reunion post but no show announcement.
Lil will dnt even want no dam party....
Probably not, but that's the only phrase that popped into my head.
what good man...songwriter with julia huie martin
Why are you such a cunt,
I always need a fresh pair of eyes to look over any contract before I sign it; luckily I keep a few in my nightstand.
excellent, thanks! RT : No worries, I'll let you know about future events!
Feeling bitter about Ohio politics.#SB5 and #OHHeartbeatBill is sending me straight to some icecream.
Next week-only retweets!We love our friendsPunk is Love! Our FF? #All y'all Stay strong standing up-&Fu*k those powers We rock!BPunk!
About to get up and get myself together...and head out to do me and the husband errands
We submit to you, Lord, and trust Your love and grace. Heal our brother, Your son, by Your power and for Your glory. Amen.
Lucky you. I'm still working on the ones for my last class.
Did Gen. Winfield Scott ever look young? Not in 1812 and not in 1861.
Please don't be upset with me. You have your health, be thankful. ;-) RT Bite the big one, Junior.
I went to the US Open night at the Bohemian Club last week, met Matbie, Miller, Tatum & tournament director Danny Sink!
study math ... is boring....
Congrats on 1st match win! kick some Pflugerv butt today in #lttennis !
Fight what you want.....
I'm so glad I start my 5 days off tomorrow. People at work have really annoyed me this week. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Really, Google+.... chill with the notifications already :)
'We are not for war because we respect the peace that we have signed', RoSS spokesperson Banaba Benjamin via
"Come on baby let brian show you what it feels like"
RT : Each day in Dec. we are RANDOMLY picking a lucky follower to win a $25 gift card... check in daily to see if it's YOU!
Totally bought a 12 pk of Amp yesterday
Have time I'd love for you to check out my videos, "Happy birthday Vickie", "MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN","it's me again" I'm
Agree! Love SF, dislike time diff! RT : love being out west, being three hours behind NYC makes me feel like I'm running late.
It's a cool and gentle Manhattan evening.
Scripps Hospital ERs uses new high-tec body "cooling" device to improve cardiac arrest survival. New study urges wider use.
The #SOTU is about to start, Gabrielle Giffords just came in to widespread applause
Vince just pointed out that more than 5000 people have attended our town halls. The people of the District care about this city.
#GoGetter RT : - i wish somebody was ovaa Here too Keep mee Company ((;
exciting! but why colbert and fallon?
Yeap Ha Ha Ha
Canadian bagpipers outside the Mayflower. Sure.
Getting some sushi @ shibuya in mgm. Cool place!!
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
. Always a pleasure to meet our local aerialists! Are you joining us tomorrow for #GettingAirborne ? Come say hi!
It's credibility Randy. Marvin Gaye sang it and Steven Tyler didn't correct the whole lotta love glitch man I am saddened by this show now
lol yeah bro already
At the ole sonic in the ville.
just had an on-camera acting workshop with Fawnda McMahan... she rocks!
Happy Fat Tuesday! We are celebrating with Extraordinary Beignets!
kaitlyn stole curling irons and straighteners cause she's grimy and poor
One should be born either a king or a fool. - German Proverb
Another great morning here on the Big Island of Hawaii enjoying a cup of enriched coffee!!
I swear is the most adorable little kid i have ever seen in my entire life! I love that boy! Ahh hes so cute! matty baby!<3
I feel like that could be an actual email about an actual band that could exist in reality.
YAY! Thanks and I'll send you my details.
Yeah, women couldn't vote then. Womens been thinking too much!
LOL! RT : It's true. Human contact is so over-rated.
do you get your hair cut every week? because you always put photos up of your new hair cuts :) Got to love ya ;)
My little guy is the best thing in this world. Happy Birthday DYLAN!!!.
They don't put that on until you get there lol.
lol dude I start school in June let's get a class together
dude, i have no idea - it's so obvious!!! ha
Dying that I didn't see & this weekend ah we're there next time!!
Another balk by Bard! What is going on?
company holiday party. I'm stuck. Don't know where to look.
#justoneofthosedayswhen youre on time and ready, get to the metro & realize you forgot your umbrella as the clouds move in...
Omari your the best!
FYI- not calorie free! :-)
Going to hell
we were fortunate to have a lot of preorders at the PGA show. Working as fast as we can, but keeping quality high=time.
for sure! I'll be home May 20th!!! We MUST meet up once I'm back!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY (:
I love Ala Moana too! Haha. I went to Oahu last month for band tournament! :)
Formerly known as BlueMonster Apparel.
Hillcrest Pets in need Food Drive all January at Uptown Pets Boutique, please stop by or call, and find out how you can help..
With new EZ Chug punch-top technology, all you need to punch a hole in the top of your Miller Lite can is a sharp metal implement!
Hey SuperBetter! We'd love to meet up at SXSW and talk about health, wellness, and happiness! We <3 you guys!
my girlfriend gifts, a lot of puppies, a bunch of marshmellows, lots of cigarettes, 8 xrays, a parchege in a pear tree
I'll tell you more on Friday! Time to get back to work :(
Yayyy got asked to do promos for the month of february <3 #chasing after my dreams ;*)
Wave 3 point goal scored by Josh Rife, unassisted. The Wave lead the Blast 14-2 with 2 minutes left.
Cuz I only talk to people if all of their tweets are in english.
RT : So impressed with your slide today for #momovation. Planning tweets!
Back that ass up.
Who should be published? Is it vanity to print what's on your mind? If your idea isn't a money-maker, should it be uttered?
pretty psyched that my mail today included the new albums from Lisa Marie Presley and M. Ward.
Hi Lee, I'm looking into HD video cameras - any recommendations?
"Please email a fully filled out application to: .." copy&paste ALL the text below that.
These heads are going to be beautiful.
Uh no, goodbye.
Waiting on Brian Hood to message us back. So ready to finish this Ep
This will be one #Denver #Colorado #event that will ignite the #soul! More information coming up tomorrow!
In Amsterdam, Wednesday is the new Friday. Monday is the new Wednesday. And old Monday doesn't exist anymore."
You know your neighborhood's ghetto when you have to squeeze through a hole in the fence to get into the playground.
His name is Austin Mahone. Remember it because you'll be screaming it later <3
seriously I'll come up with an idea or two. I'll bet your properties are beautifully decorated ;)
Love that you love the chins so much! I miss them! Chester will forgive you :-) still working on spay/neuter and will let u know
On Sept.19, Ottawa-born illusionist Erix Logan will represent Canada at the 100 Years of Magic celebration at The London Palladium.
what does this mean for Zab, especially after he pulled out of a Marquez fight due to the money not being right?
Keep doing ya thang!
Beautiful moon out this morning
Talked to a mom, she got #GirlsNightLIVE tickets for her Daughter for Valentine's Day! Great way to show a friend or family U love them!!
Oh, and the Kentucky game is no fun to watch.
I saw and had such high hopes it was a spoof account.
yo bro this vidd and song is too dopee.!!!!
Do you follow ? Get tips for talking to your kids about money, 140 characters at a time. (via )
Yellow cake with chocolate icing, I hope.
#MyPastRelationships made realize what NOT to look for in a boyfriend.
there isn't a good way to phrase this, so I'll just say it: I want to touch your cats.
somebody that I used to know - gotye
yea I know
just got ticked tf off
Penn Station on a Saturday night feels a little post-apocalyptic.
If you think that money is enough to provoke my love then you must never have truly learned the meaning of the word- Kiera Condon
6 minute commute today? that's what's up.
#ILove nights without any homework.
I'm glad Obama came out of the closet with his support for gay marriage, but I still think people should be rioting in NC.
Writing the most flexible rules possible for directing traffic on the new company's website. They use an ad-hock heirarchy of pages and cats
My workplace had a meeting to better prepare us for another meeting later in the day. =)
i spent $15 on itunes in under 2 minutes oops.
4/21 is National Drug Test Day.....beware smokers
thanks for sharing
yayayay ice cream #fromcoldstoneofcourse and movies at my house?
Its cold outside!
feverishly taking notes to share back. much jammed in I am working to make connections b/n info.
How easy is it for wind gusts to talk to each other?-It is a breeze
#USAID partners with business not just for $ to expand programs, but for their long-term interests as employer, investor, supplier, & buyer.
Bro....Is 1PM At The AfterNoon???
#FOLLOW if you older den 14 .
‘Space can be fun, depending on who you are with.' Sergei #Krikalev: (who has spent more time in space than any other human being)
Tyra told me the same thing it relates to #theinfernaldevices it doesn't ruin anything & who do you like better Will or Jem?
Awww (: Sorry I wasn't online love!
We're working on creating some promotions for our members soon. Any ideas? % off for checking in on 4Sq/FB? % off for referrals? Other?
I feel so blue...
What is your favorite #Superbowl #commercial of all time?
ohh gosh jp maybe i will :)
At ChallengePost, we work with free software but our trash bags are proprietary
good night
I always wanted to go to London.
Throwing down tonight @ Family House Sports Bar in Bradley. See ya there.....Start at 10!
hey All! we had to sign up for TrueTwit--pain-in-azz--but spammers have infiltrated! will remove app when done w/spammer-scanner--thanks
Nice to meet you too! Thanks for the kind words!
Home Alone what should i do?uhhmm.
Hitting up late night! Cheers!
how can you like someone you've never talked to?.... ;)
Thanks for spreading the word!
To everyone who has received this message from me:Someone said this real bad thing about you in a blog please don't pay any attention to it
Life changes yet again. Gotta stop losing my cool
hey how are you? Im doing alot better, Myung Wol Spy is endearing and funny at the same time.
Apparently I don't "own the road." But I do pay my taxes.
i hate when niggas want 2 go 2 the same college as u u dont like and they be on dick morgan howard and bcu and csu get off dicks get a life
If I was at the game, sure, I can understand. Dumb to broadcast it on national TV, though. Annoying. Not everyone adores kids
I don't understand card catalog nostalgia.
Hm, how do I tell a fake black widow spider from a real one? Is it something about the web?
Thanks Christine, you rock! xo, ~Christiane
sweet ~ and yes
I wish my office didn't know when my birthday was..."Live it up while you can"... Yea, um...thanks.
84% of Americans believe a woman’s appearance affects whether she's asked to represent her company at outside meetings
Don't ever judge a book... The next chapter could be you.
#imagine you and Louis are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper "tonight i'm loving you"
Thanks for the love, my man. RT Everyone should read OotC.
attending ACRL Visualizing Data
Let's try this again... Wang? Character? Did you just start following hockey on Long Island? I can go all day Mike...
sorry about that. My twitter has been acting up. How you doing man?
Latitude 41 is a great mobile office for brainstorming event initiatives!
37th floor room... Fear of heights be dammed.
Why does everything always have to be a thing?
What are you even talking about.
yeah....i 've been asking people their opinions and what they think and i knew i had to ask u
great meeting you too! I'll be here for the whole thing, so perhaps I'll bump into you again!
Remember that life is not simply a matter of living in your PASSION...it is first about being thankful for living...
We're almost at 100 fans on Facebook! Go search The Silver Dynamic and "Like" us! (you know you want to...)
Dwight Howard and The Brooklyn Nets!!
thanks for being here. Great job!
It's a desert out here with all this dry humor.
Oh, sexy. on the next Fresh Air.
what? Was there really a pie in there? Where do I find this treat?
Nothing says "Twitter spam" like the words "I'm real" in your profile. (Hint: real people take that for granted)
hum...maybe I still will!!
The most interesting and cutest guy I know is Noah ( ). He's great!
you too! Thanks for your awesomeness!
Thanks! I appreciate it.
my hair grows more & more everyminute!!!! :D Plus i just fixed the power at my grandparents house! :D today is awsume! lol
SHOUTOUT TO :D
Watching Alanis and Katy Perry at secret show in LA... Filming for Katy's movie. Damn.
I thought Lil Kim was dead...
Welcome to new #Jaguars fan !
Can't wait for the
Jesus is kicked back, totally relaxed & worry free (Col 3:1). That's the same peace He gave to YOU (Jn 14:27). RECEIVE IT!
man havent been on in a while
The celebs that Twitter killed - Beaumont Enterprise
today is #ALLSAINTSDAY. why come halloween gets all the attention and All Saints Day hardly a mention? positive momentum has taken a fall.
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT about AnaJet's commitment to our customers coming soon! Stay tuned!
Painted my nails last night and they are already chipping. Drat!
good luck!
Thanks!!! i have a few other Gears Of War Wallpapers i made for the contest if you'd like to see them.....
What do you need help with?
Watching the America's Cup finals from the Midway today. Should be chilly but exciting!
Hi Sarah! Thank you for your kind note. Our #PTSD outreach for for families and children starts today too. Want to help?
Just warm enough to let baby girl trick-or-treat. HELLA cold by Bay standards. What's good back home?
RT : iQ releases frictionless sharing: Instantly notifies user network about actions (reading, watching, listening, etc.)
Total Vibration » Blog Archive » Home Improvement Tips That Are ...
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Listening to Christmas carols while having an ice cold shower now that's what you call a winter wonder land :)
you still got the Spurs
Off to Palm Beach Gardens <3 :-*
Thanks for the RTs today!
not say so. I'll do so if I must
Colton don't mess up Earth Wind and Fire!
why are you nervous??
It's sad, but it's true, how society says her life is already over.
I'm grateful that the only clear channel on my tv is the FX channel which continuously plays all my favorite X-Men movies
Maybe they should be the first series to opt of using goalies?
Missing my baby girl :/
May you dream about cats and good travels, friends!
Can't wait for class on Saturday at LouConte in Chicago!!!
I adore people with a sense of humor !!!
AH IT WILL BE JUSTIN
#2 dumped a box of #luckycharms on the floor. The question: to eat the marshmallows or to not eat the marshmallows. tempting.
I left my iPod at home and had to go an entire train ride without audiovisual media. I nearly died.
Boutta start dis whole skate/rap movement wit my lil bro caleb.
“ Loving you was my favorite mistake.”
I'm tired of my creativity being held back by people. When I use my creative ability, its to make something awesome.
#BrianGreene brings us the question of the multiuniverse and rocks the opening of
The last three december's Tony Romo is 68% completition 12 TD's to 1 Int. Career 46-28 as a starter. Never had a great defense. Stop hating
#ThosePeople that just creep
Prep swimming: David thriving on small Branson girls team
Saints are on fire!!! Lots of weapons on that team, sproles, grahme, thomas.....balanced and aggressive
Happy Sunday! : )
ohh yess, just wait when I get my license you'll be the firs to get picked up
Put this game in the SMITHsonian as the greatest win in Coyotes history!!!!
Good Morning.
Great job mommy for finishing in 2 hours an 19 minutes on your first half marathon! Now I need to sleep #proud& tired
he been acting real tough & talking crazy lately, im not feeling that. he gone get smacked !
haha your password was gummy 2011! your gay!!!!!
I care more about just your boobs and puffy lips, chris.
I'm the biggest batman fanboy... :)
My back is peeling.. Right in time for prom.. Strapless dress.. YUP <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
No! More Doors!
bb cream is basically an all-in-one tinted moisturizer, primer, & SPF! Really popular in Korea/Japan but now available here!
i am aii
You better be ok, Brownie.
''Did you sleep okay?'' ''Yeah, a full 40 minutes. And i had time to make that rocking horse''
RT RIP Steve Jobs. His impact on the computer industry cannot be overstated. www.apple.com/stevejobs
I cant believe I've gotta miss part of the laker game.. oh well #volleyballproblems #LIFE #LakerNation <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Only thing I hate when people say hella in this tense " I'm hella unfollowing some people " Nigga y u no make sense ?
#AskArm the first Bieber related trending topic for 2012 <3
Drynk is actually pretty awesome! Best night!!
A hoagie from Wawa would be unbelievably great right now. & a blueberry muffin!
You sent me one like 3 mth ago.
glad u like the $2 PBR at
I pronounce One Direction One Dye-rection and everyone tells me its One Der-ection and im just her like WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE
Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Local sperm bank. You jack it we pack it. How may I help you?"
#MerryChristmas to all you! Have a wonderful day with your loved ones. =)
I wish I was with right now <3 :c
: museums fill edu gap in teaching critical thinking & citizenship: we r the antidote to fill-the-bubble testing
Ready for July 4th with the best friend at the beach! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
The Emergence of Greg Little, if the #Browns can get a legit #1, Little could be a really great
I stand by my mike+the mechanics statement.
Sing it. don't yell it. Joey Ramone will haunt y'all.
I love medal of honor for my psp
We expected that response. That's what the #bait was for. ;-) RT : And : Everyone THINKS they're a journalist.
The red rooster apollo martini.. Divine! Eggfoam gin Ginger and sage. Yummy on a cold bitter night
James hared having that moment
Right now I'm trying to make a script "funnier," but realizing that there's nothing really "funny" about it. Honesty is comic, I suppose.
if not they're all at Dolores park.
Cool. Sounds like a ton of work! So when are you due back home?
RT : One week from I'm looking forward to sharing the floor with some awesome speakers
Mikes Diner in BackBay #Boston you win the award for Homefries! Taste like gravy. I will not be back.
everybody dies! ;) haha I'm only like 1/4 of the way through but it's really good so far :)
"I heard you and your loud swallow." Oh how I love and
Looking forward to networking with Business Life Ministry this morning!
How are you darling?? RT : Hey Girly...
Hope we close early tonite.. don't feel like being here
Sarcastic people >
im still hungry though
damn straight i will bro, diamonds on your disco stick, for the fookin win!
go see the invisible hand!
Gotta love them chicken strips and chocolate chip cookies
Cosign! It helped during my drive home RT : post-game argument was more fun than in-game tweeting.
hi josh!:)
There are two rules for success. #1. Never tell everything you know.
Did Fox miss some of the #RedSox game or did I black out for a second?
aw this song.<3
God, I can't take this job much longer
thanks for the follow!
Gold Ru$h!!! California Real Estate is Booming ! Buy cheep sell high !
Messing up your nail polish within 5 minutes of painting your nails <<<
I know right? Craziness!
“: Braces are off(:” HOLY ASDFGHJKL;
Holy crap! In 24 hours, I'll be in Grand Rapids visiting bff & meeting his new baby! (And drinking Michigan beer too, of course)
same post! Finding the hidden agenda is part of winning the pitch.
I love that scene! Rafael beats the shit outta that twink!
Beats Solo by Dr. Dre On-Ear Headphones with ControlTalk (Black)
What a glorious day
Git on down to the Cow and kick off your Halloween Weekend in Classic Cow Style!!! Giddy Up
Someone go get your nails done with me Saturday morning at 10:30
LeBlanc family reunion in Fresno California comming up, hope to see you there.....
You guys did way better than AMAZING week <U+2665> Voting my heart out tonight.
Getting academics out of comfort zone=very difficult RT how do we get out of our comfort zone and try new tools...
John Montagu, 250 years ago you ordered beef served between slices of bread. Thank you for inventing the sandwich.
apparently I need to buy soil for our vegetable garden? But it can't be the same soil we bought for flowers? And what to plant?
Congrats & - you will both be seeing TONIGHT! Your names will be on the SIM list!
nope. The J's are interchangable. P2 needs to snag the crown
File under reasons President Obama is great: now publically supports gay marriage equality.
"I CAN" LeXXah Drew SINGLE, C. Little track & JUMP-START FAME (Female Athletes Motivating Each other) Theme Song...AVAILABLE on iTUNES!!!
I heart Tim Gunn! Come to BES!
preparing my stomach for toledo = fried foods as veggies, bud lite as beer, and sunlight as what is this shit?
Austin's back!
thanks for the tweet earlier. I am craving the potato salad right now. Secret ingredient-hot dogs or cilantro?
"Woo woo"? Now you're singing Rolling Stones songs - and that's a good thing! (:>)
What a weekend. VT Hokies won, and the Homestead Races, now getting ready for our booth in the mall this weekend. Have a great day everyone.
Saddened to hear Steve Jobs has passed away :-(
I'm afraid Cincinnati won't enjoy any of the Dr Jonny Fever jokes I prepared. Might have to keep them in my heart.
alli can i get a follow from you? it would mean the world to me <3 i love you.(: you are so pretty *o*
Ahahahaha!! Keep up the good work! RT : Good news: Took out a zombie sneaking up on me. Bad news: I need a change of shorts
You're cool. Stay cool this summer. Next year will be AWESOME!
Thanks for joining us today! Bring with you soon!
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho are jealous and envious!!! Smh
Onstage surprise! Nice to see you, friend! Come find me later?
he's so beautiful <3
Thanks for sharing our publication with your followers! :)
sharpen your teeth and bite as hard as you want<3
Today was a pretty good day!
:: yep, happy to participate, email me deets!
I can't deal.
The whiskey cakes are soo good! RT : UM alcohol infused cupcakes YEA imma need those
Thought you couldn't love betty white more than you already do? I present:
Bad thing? Could things get worse for Knicks? : Would return of Lin be good or bad thing?
Ok that story about Murph just made me cry !!!! I'm so happy for him... What a good, aware, momma's boy, ball player we have in our MURPH
Chalmers Johnson wrote about the costs of empire bankrupting the nation with 600 or more military bases around the world.
how is she getting that home? It looks awesome tho!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 34
every one on my TL bandwagon passengers
Obama is a terrorist. The NYPD are terrorists. The Department of Homeland Security, FBI, TSA, CIA, they're all terrorists! FUCK THE NWO!
Writing an intern guide re: how & where to mark accession #s on objects. Just wrote whole paragraph about pencils.
hush?? isn't that who u work for or something
2 hour delay!! :D
u r did u ever tell him u luvd him
Re: conference wireless & tweets: Andrew Miller & the IT committee say you're more than welcome. Better late than never
anytime erin<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
i'm about to see!!
you guys are lame... hahahah
I am looking at two #Articulate Engage interactions that I created through Citrix on an iPad. Too cool!
and we'd be very bored without you all!
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. -William Arthur Ward
Uhg commercial at the BEST part .. #of course
girl took that pic of me and connor kissin lolol
We are C level professionals available for interim CEO and CFO positions and turnaround management services in the healthcare industry.
how'd you know that tweet was about you?!
If you're in #DC this wknd, come visit our booth at #Scifest! See the host of , & Bill Nye !
just incoming text messages that have been sent in chinese not all of them. Thank you!
I did a while back, I haven't scrobbled anything in a couple of years though.
through the wickets...
#Zimmerman should be locked up! Or at least a bigger bony. 150,000 is nothing compared to what he did!
oh,and bing maps are awesome. they even plug in the traffic reports and tell you the conditions for your travel
lol took me an hour to remeber my user name smh my head
my brothers college graduation
agree spread the love thanks!
Poor girl!
Q8 But I'm trying to finish my ARC backlog so I can give them to
Nathan Fillion and Adam Baldwin&#39;s Reunion on &#39;Castle&#39; Recalls Great &#39;Firefly&#39; Moments (Video)
Me too! I didn't really mess with him before DC2 tho...
Happy birthday to tahtherreah & vernon, I love u; happy b-day to all the leo's on twitter...........
Did my mum call you?. Ohmygod.
you're killing me. Best bring a case home with you. Stat.
they go win the series against the pacers n win it all
Go To My Page Check Out The Beats Download/Listen/Lease & Leave Comments SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
will u fallow me
Thx! Trying to work on my twitter skills. Now...getting ready to enjoy day two of no kids no hubby no work! :)
If some one has a problem with me say it to my face I'll legit respect you way more
Ergg my hands r soo chaped i hate cold weather so much...but at least theres no heat to make my hair frizz up :p
this is true... But Bjs and the artisan are slightly different vibes... ;-)
Who's excited for it's less then a month away :)
nutella, jam, ham, cheese...it all goes on the baguette. just not at the same time!
going to STK. come out. cc :
We know you're good for it!
RT One of the nicest thing about #Aquarians is that they don't judge you.
Thanks to OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Always happy to be your designated driver, making sure you live to party another day!
god i know. sometimes i look at her bibliography and tremble in my inferiority.
Friday traffic in LA.
happy birthday taylor!
aw!!! Thanks Jonathan!!! :-D #GospelRocks!!! Haha
RT : A3. Unless its intolerable, stick w/any job for at least a year. It may suck, but < 1 year looks bad to employers.
what can i say. i love the environment
:)But, it is a little ridiculous for April.. Im terrified about how hot it'll be this summer when we are usually in the 90s.
wife and i were thinking about going on sunday. Was that one of your possibilities?
Weekend-- I welcome you with a smile! Heading to then pumpkin patch with my nephew, Gray. A wonderful weekend is in our midst!
Good moring. Dropping by to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care.
I can't wait <U+E056><U+E00E>
haven't figured out who is more annoying. kelly rippa or rachel ray?
My night got 1000x Better<3:D
Welp looks like my plans are busted for tonight
Hey you, top o de' mornin' to ya. What's the plans for today?
My New England Boiled Dinner is simmering on the stove… Smells heavenly :-)
Fact: Bachelorette parties are trouble.
So Right it's official now that "Girls" is the best & funniest show on tv. And that Lena Dunham is a total freaking star...
I swear my family needs their own reality TV show.
hey it's , i just posted our pic from Grammy event!
Wow, Vinny got fat as fuck. That's a good 70 lbs of fat gain right there. AT LEAST.
Hahhahaha! Love it
Nice seeing you last night brotha!
Glad you liked it! “: My brother and I liked this one!”
Another Thursday done, ready for Friday!
Aww Yea! RT : Hometown Mario Miranda walks out with Shawn Kemp Sonics jersey for weigh in!
Officials also wrote and thought about what WWE WrestleMania XXXI and WWE WrestleMania XXXII, but where they take place - yet hidden.
I know! I'm trying to go back to sleep!
can't believe my last formal is here already.
Pole dancing class!! :-)
": nobody mess with & her ranch. #SheWillGoHam :x hahaha" its legit the only thing in my life that i enjoy!
I could really use a good fuck today
Thanks for working with #LivingSocial to lighten my grocery bill this week! Wish I could have bought multiples!
Virginia leads two runners stranded in the top half of the 4th, trail Terps 1-0.
Artists-Registration open until 5pm tomorrow.www.ghartwalk.com
I'm here to try some of your work!
I gotta semi-automatic that spits next time that you talk
follow me and you'll get 3 wishes.
Enjoying the weather today
Because the players were worse. Remember Hawpe, Cantu, Patterson and Johnson? And who can forget Alberto Gonzales?
oh wow that's really interesting ... and leave you thinking..
I can't wait to hang out with you this weekend, before completely ditching you for a random hookup
damn those 140 characters. Moral of the story - the Canon 35 is my dream lens.
they pretty as shit
#ThisSummerImTryna have the best summer ever.
congrats on Formspring tear, u guys r an inspiration!
Absolutely. Cal does a great job. Just feels like media is portraying it as only place to go if you want to get to the NBA.
Yeah You Want Me To Do Yours
The #brewers have gotten many more severe under than over performs from players @ this point and they're *only* 16-22.
They would never trade Wright, I hope, I would cry
RT : Celebrate bilingual reading & Latin American culture w/ Medina @ Meadowdale Library, Sat. 10am
Now following Howdy!!!! ;p
I can't wait to see you in concert in June! Up all night, Niall!
I hate these situations <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Any SLIS cat lovers out there? Help out a professor! Dr. Applegate needs a cat sitter Oct. 15-19. Email her for details: .
.....having said that, please no one jump me
To make friends because I'm okay I'm bored from morning conectadoo and not to do.
nice profile sweetie
The #LoveETC show was a success! A huge thanks to the and all the brides that came by!
i think your paleness is adorable actually. But just incase, please use sunscreen :)
That must be a good show. Is the audience 30 cats?
That's pretty awesome :D!
Wanted to sign the Suze’s Truth Pledge. but only Americans can sign the pledge :(
RT : RT : RT : Congrats to Coach Fisher and San Diego State on an amazing season.
can you play Call Me Maybe pleassee? :)
Give cultural data 'Roots and Wings.' Make it good, let ig go
Bring the family by today for our special Kiddie Happy Hour! Specials from 11am-1pm
Great hire. Congrats Les! RT : #rams have hired les snead as new gm, a source tells
Thanks Ilja! I appreciate that very much.
Get your free market snapshot at www.atlanta-home-sales.net!!!
Will fill you in on the fun details next week! ": great meeting! Have fun tonight and have a great weekend!"
“: for sure! I wanna play basement corn hole lol” Sounds freaky.
RT : Want to win #Cubs tickets??? Follow us on here and "Like us on #Facebook to find out how!
That moment yu forget the toast is in the oven #burnt lmao
PRAYING with you sweet friend!
?OTD - What does living the dream mean to you?
I'm still looking for something....not sure but hopefully ill find it!!!
you beat mine ? Ibeat yours lol :)
Thanks to , the speakers and volunteers for making #wcmia an awesome event. and I had a blast!
ten four!
Good connecting with you on Linkedin - look forward to your tweets :)
Yo are you ready for your semifinal matchup? Good luck. Rooting for you to win it all.
but I'm scared :c
I did. And for that I apologize.
Hide under the covers.
I would love me a pair
It's cool to wake up with songs in your head and they are all by your friends! lol Yall songs in my head!
Im just grinding thank you for all you support family
BIRDS THE WORD.
digging the #newtwitter easy to get around to what i want and see what i need to see, lets see if thats how we feel in the days to come
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! ! And ALL THE WAY!
One quality of leaders and high achievers in every area seems to be a commitment to continuing personal and professional growth.
Thanks a lot Obama, I look super good today so there's now a 99% chance I'll get made out with by happy lesbians
they totally have a gingerbread man instead of Plumpy now. Stupid politically correct board game companies
NU QUOTES! > "Do Or Do Not. There Is No Try." - Yoda - Ron A. Spaulding, Pres. UMG 's #1 Fontana Distribution >
A dunk or a one legged fade away?
Why is it so bad so smoke weed?
Giants need a sack!
Difficult to believe: Northern CA saw snow, hail & rain over the wkend. postponed 'til today; riding near on Tues!
PANEL INFO: Social Business Success by DoubleTree by Hilton #SocaiBIz SIS-102 M: P:
It is being over used. I still like it because it forces me to utilize "le mot correct". It's good practice for larger pieces.
tea leaves are talking again and its not pritty...well they are being very fair...O this and O that its BIG O ALL THE TIME..................
I'm on the no eating diet until Xmas so I'll just be drinking tonight...but sushi sounds delish!
Margie Bryant, AVP Auxiliary Services, talks about food trucks -- test run with has been successful!
Happy Valentines day!
And fat albert rt : Watching The Voice and thinking ceelo looks like a mixture of mini me and Mr T.
your kind of perfect
I did plenty of fish, it's where I met my now fiancé
Over this gay ass weather, definitely ready for summer. #HurryUp !
Its a date:) RT : im thinking chocolate and an episode of revenge will make a perfect bff night
They way believers rationalize...cracks me up.
RT : After school naps >>
- I knew it! You really can buy ANYTHING on Amazon. Plus, no state sales tax!
Shout out to some of my fave kid-friendly tweeps
please tweet or follow for her birthday on the 27th!
It's cold af!
A bat was just in my house! #MostScariestThingInMyWholeLife!!!!
Gearing up for the storms ... and a night of no sleep. #cheers?
I Failed!
Richard J. Ryan, mechanic, model train hobbyist
yeah! will it help my foot or ankle?
“: I need a home cooked meal...”<--- Need to go to Lorain... my moms can cook!! lol
Headed to downtown LA, near and around the Staples Center to hydrate XGames crowd! Once we get close we will give you an exact location!
Remember, give $5 change back in singles, $10 as a five and five singles. I'm pretty sure that's on the bar. Good luck.
haha april fools :p
and that's not me
hahah you. are. funny. really you are.
RT : #ILTA Career Center launched! Twitter account to follow: Please RT as resource to those looking for jobs.
Did you get hacked???
omg we better dance a lot!! Haha I want us to dance all Mexican and stuff hahaha
Many thanks for throwing BENT ROAD into the mix when suggesting a book worth reading! Much appreciated.
ICONic BOYZ ARE BACK BABY
I bashed team for trade but honestly so far I was wrong..hammel a hell of a pitcher
idk isn't there a dance store somewhere?
Fit in the City - Manhattan Times
just saw your latest commercial, "the environment wins"? When has the environment "won" with CHK? My God, it's full GOP script
Going to a rather nasty dental procedure, really curious about the effects of nitrous oxide (laughing gas) since I've never had it before
Can Someone Please Explain To ,Me How Youu Use Tumblr ?
Two-fer-Tuesday - Uploading now...
Here too! Breaking into every channel with Breaking News. An Amazing & Historic Day!
So NOT funny RT : ..suspicious package was a grenade-like novelty item mounted on a plaque with a sign: "Complaint Dept. Pull Pin."
5:15pm at Startup Showcase - Hoping it's like American Idol for Startups! Wonder who's gonna be the 'Simon' there!?
that's cool, you're a good drawer.
Potato chips and Cab. No bueno. That's a technical wine term right there, friends.
That red carpet is smokin'
Manatee Mystery: Why Can't They Avoid Speedboats? The sea cows have good hearing but may be less aware of sounds when they're sleeping.
RT : LAST DAY to enter to win $500 Plum District dollars! 2 enter, follow + + retweet
Just saw the most beautiful rainbow near the casino. Don't even want to look for a pot of gold- have everything I ever wanted!!
I don't even know why I try he doesn't even care :/
No! You said sad lemur!
In Romney campaign update, stays on message: energy, the economy, and Ann's Mother's Day op-ed. No mention of gay marriage
I have an autographed ball by Killebrew :(
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay gosh I'm tired of UK winning championships.
If you like it so far, you're in for a real treat
ughh so jealous its was prob beautiful!
You read my mind!
lol ill call you every day after school
Bad Choice
watch the Community version of Law and Order, so great!
Seane Corn: the web is great for reaching out, connecting, diversity. Pushing tech boundaries for positive change is key!
I know I'm not perfect. I can't pretend to be, but before you point your finger make sure your hands are clean (:
What the what!
This will produce American jobs. A law To do business in America you must use American operators to handle customer complaints!
How are you making THIS Monday better than last Monday? 2012: New Year, New YOU!
Please use your Japanese made cell phone to donate to the Red Cross by texting 90999 to make a $10 donation to the #japan eq &
“: u girls still out?” out like a light at this point.
Again Walter tweeted king of finance
Love to our new followers! Many Thanks!
I would eat you, deep fried!
Yay! You're follow us...wait...you weren't following us before? We need to talk. #GladtoHaveYou :-)
oh thank you! I will start there. I'm a super, uber baking newbie.
Oovoo date with daniel and Issac <3 haven't had one in forever haha
News tip on investment in best-of-world online video with names you know. Coming via email a week in advance
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 39
Secret Service? No secret now they were getting serviced.
Really looking forward to here à Paris! Haven't decided where to head first... Anyone have any "must see" for tonight?
you will have to come see it soon.
An entrepreneurial skill set is not only empowering to individuals, but also helps foster participation in the community
Best audience comment during Paranormal Activity 3 - "Finish him!" Followed by "Flawless Victory."
SALE: Purchase your at the door with the code *TheaterWithHeart* get $5 off!
Wat we on tonight?
quit lying to yourself boyy
tell them I love them all!!(:<33
story time? Please, entertain me.
i have no problem with that at all. lmfao :D
Bought the app. Looking forward to your other games. Cheers.
I wish I had one. Although does it count that I pictured them as bowling pins and using the stroller to knock them down?
keep it trilla
Goodnight y'all <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Nineteen Forty-Eight
Lovin your skills sir.
hey austin follow me back please i love you so much<3
#R tip: browseVignettes(), which does exactly what you'd think, is key.
Oh the stress ... Big news coming ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
thank u so much again for doing that! You are amazing and nice seeing u again <33333333333333333
Getting to know someone is the best part; the laughs, questions & smiles. Till you know them & hate the arguments, fights & aggression.
Autumns gonna be a future hair stylest. Js. She colored mine and her hair and it's looks amazing. #thankssister. (:
Hey , we see that you moved! No excuse for not getting in your entries to this year's Miami #addyawards. Hope to see you there.
u should really follow hes so talented just like you #justinfollowaustin :D
I think twitter is retarded!!
you have so simplified my life.
Teacher Training The primary reason for implementing teacher training is so that teachers are well equipped and knowledgeabl
ya! Lol I miss you :(
more interested in protecting real ecosystems from finance.
call me
Making tons of stuff for with some friends (:
Wishing I had more blue cornmeal cornbread from Miguel's Southern Kitchen but alas the lunch leftovers were devoured by 4pm.
you welcome :D
We can always tell how busy I am by the state of my inbox. lol
I'm going to grab some hot chocolate from the store. The studio is as cold as a morgue and just as dead emotionally.
Last chance to win tickets 920pm.Hear their new single 2nite on #X EFFECT. Tune in now
Not saying ur wrong, but only 7 players on roster have even spent more than 1yr with him. I think more indictment of players.
So excited for concert June 2nd. Not to be missed!
The apartment looks a bit better, still have to do the laundry haha. Just gonna wait to do that until gets home :3
i tried to put a video tribute on youtube but im a failure and it didnt work sorry ):
RT : Politico Poll: Obama has 52% job approval, 72% personal approval and 59% who probably vote for him again in 2012...
If you want to win, play with Kobe... If you want to have fun, play with Lebron
Stupid conversations make sense when u are talking to someone special
You take a picture of that but not of you dressed up looking fancy? :/
I am a #Packers fan but can't argue that the #Bears r crazy 4 not signing you 2 a HUGE deal! Keep being the good guy!
Have you sent in your submission? The deadline is approaching and you might be just what our festival needs! CHECK IT OUT!
Thank you. How are you this fine afternoon?
and um did u rlly say "gym"?? Been there done that... Remember!?? Lol
"Lullaby" - The Cure
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -
I feel bad for all the Redskins fans out there
there is a clothing store in Boston that has a huge window display like that.Their clothes are crap.The sewing machines are cool
(1/2) We r staying in a very nasty motel. We r staying long enough 2 get a car and the ability 2 say all moving costs and fines 2 get us ...
just bought drumsticks and was wondering what i would make with them! thanks!!
No need for debate. Wondering if Backpage profits from minors sold for sex? Spend ten minutes looking @ their "adult ads." Tragic.
Slowing down to appreciate the little things and the doing-absolutely-nothing time with the one you love.
Alyssa Snedaker is going to get her ass handed to her ;)
next stream #smilecon 4pm EST (which is 3pm Dallas Texas time)
Other surprise appearances in Egan's talk : Dark Shadows, Elvis Costello, David Bowie, and the value of art.
All these pics of girls wit they lips poked out wow and some of them look silly
CyFair College Branch Library will be closed Today. Will reopen for regular hours on Monday.
thanks for the mention!
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools. -Albert Einstein
:: Radar lit up like a gaudy neighbor's house on Christmas Eve. is watching the sky... Live at 3 in 30 min on
Wow....Cliff Lee's BACK!!!! Gonna be a good season for sure!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!!
lmfaoo ew thts so gross !! Btw did u listen to the message ? Is it Gunner(in a southern accent)?(: lmfao
Q1 If I have a #smallbiz idea, how do I get started?
Monica Teresa Ortiz, writer, UT alum, English Literature '03
Trickin 'n' treating.
#GoodnightTwitter gonna try and go to sleep
many thanks for the
Dinner out tonight with a few musician friends. Gong Hei Fat Choi!
Hello and welcome to our New Followers !!!
I'm not saying all laws are pure. I am just saying from a theoretical standpoint, lawbreaking = unethical. Possible paradox?
Sounds about right (but I love edgy)! RT : Polished, clean, and crisp, yet not edgy!
one of the best games I've ever seen. sorry the season ended. stay hungry
When #Painters get old, are they put out to #pastel?
you're prob right, our futures would go downhill from that point on lol! I'm going to London this summer though! I wanna see them..
“: Ty Lawson is just killing it tonight!” yes he is
Happy day to you and the crew. *hug*
How inspiring-a sea of white, male faces behind #MittRomney. Feels so good to see that as an American woman in 2012.
And CENTRAL time zone. I mean, if your bunny ears are messing with your memory, for crying out loud, just take them off.
Had the chance to record some videos. Can't wait to get them out there for everyone to see!
"It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so." - Mark Twain
Im out y'all shoutout to
loving my kids. they make me laugh so hard.<U+2665>
would you say it was more "human centipede" or more "men in black 3" ...?
Happy Mothers Day to all the awesome mom's out there!
just saw office space for rent with your name on it.
Rang in the new years with scientists. Explained that what I do also heals. Happy 2012!
Okay later today I will drop the details about my SXSW gigs. Stay tuned.
Not going to stl this weekend instead I'm going to Chicago :)
mostly live.
Lai is wore out though been coachin her to crawl !! #Mommy&DaddyDuties ;)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Trail Blazer Barbecue Sauce 5 / 5 Stars | 3 Reviews by ButterknifeRevolution "A spicy barbecue sauce with the zi
your in perfect shape which is why you'll win! Represent!!
shaved all my hair off today. I'm bald. Not kidding. Feels nice.
Thanks for the RTs, guys! Hope you all have a great day.
thank u:)
--Love you girl. You are the real deal. Thanx for the luv and support.
Football is like life, it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority. - Vince Lombardi
Can NOT wait until next week's
Sorry :( I guess our phone system is havinga case of the #Monday's
It's so hard to just eat one Reese's peanut butter cup while the rest are just staring you down from an arms length.
Yup! I have a picture up! Black shirt, gray jeans, grass background lol
: looking forward to your tweets! Pink hugs, Lisa.
Nice commencement photo, Dave! Thanks for posting. Glad you made it out to celebrate with us.
now following... looking forward to the info Hal
Walton needs 2 speed up& play their GAME!!!
never ask for what you want, you'll be put on hold LOL
I think and Lamar are so cute.
Word. Good look. I smell a winner.
I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream. I am a disaster.
Such a fun video of you!
Anyone have the current weather for Kailua?? Is it actually cloudy or do we have a chance for a beach day??
Good manners and behavior, politeness, the use of good language are all part of the curriculum of primary, grade and high schools. [1944]
On good writing days, reflect on what went well. Consider jotting a few things down, even. It may serve as a great pick-me-up for down days.
Everyday on twitter I see pics of girls in public completely naked when I realize these girls were all at alumni weekend at UMASS
I think of Jukie as more like Lester Rowntree: She once told a search party she wasn't lost & wouldn't be found.
Most people assume or lead themselves to believe that everyone thinks like they think. It makes them feel better about themselves.
I want flowers
I am definitely inspired by your post. I mentally give thanks each night, but need to be more formal. I'm in!!
Compulsive weirdness done for the day! Underwear drawer reorganized by style. Not color. That would be
The type of love you read about in Maxim and Spin...plus I hit ping pong shots with maximum spin
That works for me! Let's touch base Wed and see when/where.
Last call: Deadline for U.S. personal & sole proprietor tax returns & extensions is tomorrow (Tuesday.) File electronically if you can.
Chill with all that RT : If only you could saw what I see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately
This weather makes me wanna be home <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Ok, so not #landarch but #Rochester s own Abby Wambach is representing right now. Go
I didn't really want this to get out but the truth is, I'm on the edge of glory. The very edge.. kinda falling off.
It is officially spring and there are officially some BICEPS walking around the UWS!
Will do. Thanks, Aaron.
We gonna ride the race cars
Happy Australia Day to all our Aussie friends!!!
Today's Special: BBQ Beef Tacos with slow roasted rib meat, tossed in a bbq and mustard sauce topped with our house slaw. Dig it.
Seems to me like that would actually be a beneficial quality.
Deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Thoughts and prayers are with his wife and two sweet young boys. Great guy gone too soon.
This fool on words with friends sure is talking a lot of shit for someone who's losing my over 100 points!
lol I'd take Chris Evans (captain America) any day of the week, but since I was never an avengers fan I haven't rushed I see it
how can i get to go on a date with me? Who wants to see this!?
Driving past massive nice houses and thinking, I wish.
Portland's airport is cooler / nicer than Austin's airport. there i said it. also true that the weird have all been moving here too.
Im great! added working for herbalife to my crazy schedule but its fun I make $ & keeps me skinny so hey not bad haha come to LA!
My dad is watching the most violent movie right now....
RT : The dates for Renaissance Fair have been set! September 22nd & 23rd, 2012!
#caps Joel Ward of the will be in the history books FOREVER w a Game 7 OT game-winning-goal while (small # of) racist #Bruins fans have nada
we'll see about that
#Oomf is a compulsive liar...Lying straight through the texts.
Help me I'm trapped on the dance floor they won't let me out :(
What did you wish you'd known / thought about / done differently the last time you bought a car?
I hadn't seen anything like that since Varsity Blues.
Its A Dirty Freak For All ;)
Torn was on my TV. That's amazing.
RT Pregnant ladies: The Casting Director of "Pregnant In Heels" will be all wknd looking to cast....
hell yeah u da man
Gary Ross won't be directing Catching Fire. Pretty bummed. Also probably means production will be pushed back :(
A book that you are willing to put under your head for a pillow when you lie dying? That's the book to study while you are living.
dude, San Fran? more like 6hrs away from all his sex.
Half day tomorrow , whoooot . :D
I know ;( our boys all grown up
why cant i find any boys who wanna be honest & real from the start?! fuck all the games, just be REAL. idk why it's so hard for some people.
I want that!
has the 4% Brown. M
Morning twitter
Lmfao You got 1 more year..You signed to UNC right??
Cause it was ugly ;p
I want people to go "DANG! Where did SHE come from?! I want her on MY team!"
I love u more
thanks for the updates! Now I know what's going as I feed my baby and get him ready for bed!
I've started doing at least 10 min in the morning - feeling so much better!
the ones here do too
Ah, the non dues revenue part.
I would love a taco today- that sounds so delicious!
#BanzaiLoveYou all day
I'm stoked to see you in SB this summer for SAFF.
A5: Stellar engagement: spending less money for better candidates
i'm a mess.
one side of the page or both?
radio your waves at www.aaron.tv
Back at the airport already to leave. It was a lovely few hours though, nice city :)
Hi Duncan, I'm listening......
never been to balt 4 a ravens game. that would be fun
THE catalina wine mixer
Lou Marson= not good at baseball
Aww you're making me tear up here :( Listen, if you ever want or need to talk, definitely send me a message. I'll be here if you do
that's anus
thank you!!
Aw fun!!!! Haha :p aww I like lots of music so much inspires me. Wbu? X
he apologized for "using those words" and not for the substance of the message which was: women who use BC are sluts.
Chill ass day...Met sum fam i aint no i had..And jux chilled...belive me next year dis time the hole WORLD GONNA NO WHO DANJA IS!!
odd froyo combos :(
Great time with my client #NewGroutNow at the National Restaurant Assoc. Show at McCormick Place, Chicago. The products sell themselves!
good for you!! hope to see you guys live when you come to NY again.
Omg my sisters an I are watching a spanish soap opera called Eva Luna. It's pretty interesting even though I can't understand spanish haha!
thanks...lets see what happens this summer
99% on my project!!!!!!!so happy!I worked on it for a while!so happy!
The radiation from smoking a pack of cigarettes a day compares to almost 2,000 chest x-rays!
not bad B-)
Taking the SD-LA express up to for the quarterly meeting to discuss new Statewide Strategy for reducing transpo ghg
#RnBThrowBacks : Nice & Slow ~ Usher
you bet! send me an email and I can set it up.
yup yup. megha says to send some pics to put as facebook dp's haha..
RT : Little girls are screaming for the princesses at the parade, it's like calm down girls it's not James Franco
Focus on solar. You'll have your hands full.
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.
Thank you! Trust all is well in DC work....
woke up way too early today..
Holy crap!
Well Excuse Me I Just Seen The Video !
If you're looking for a predictable guy, I'm your man. That said, it will take about three years for you to get to know me.
Hey, Alexa. Hope you're having a good day.
The 5 Types of Prospects You Meet Online, and How to Sell to Each of Them
Last day for our Angel tree! Help a local Austin child have a great Holiday!!
Twitter wud cut us off RT : I'm speechless.We should have been tweeting her comments all night. I love this woman
Just got off work..... Wow
Literally just ordered about 100 dollars worth of sushi with
not usually!!!
Interested in seeing a demo of #MyLivePD the online coaching service? Then stop by booth #909 at #NSBAConf this weekend!
im sure your used to bein wrong so its whatever lol
congrats on your award for being one of #Philadelphia fastest growing companies & an #m31000 finalist - way to go!!
Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it. -Pat Riley
Bruschi was a solid,hard-playing linebacker but an over-opinionated commentator
Im helping you Donnie, "Hold On, Dont give up"
I'm faithfully working out bro I plan to loose at least 10 to 15 while I'm here
My weekend arts marathon continues. Today it's a matinee of "Radio Golf" Tonight it is "Hello Dolly" at
Ok Super Chargers! Let's Do This! I still love You LT, but You are on the other team now!
even dated.
my grandma always told me to LET GO & LET GOD !
Who starts, Torres or Drogs?
thunder outside!? I want some I've cream! should I go or no?
What the fuck, all these cravings....
welcome, Chuck!
Where have I been? New artists
Why cant I live in Texas? I'm jealous of all of you who live in San Antonio & have seen and
Stop in for Happy Hour today 4-8pm! $1 off all, $2 off glasses of wine, & $2 Hangar One - See you there!
Hey guys, I'm new to twitter so follow me please :)
#de-stressing time...laying in my room, lights off, candle lit, Marian Grace playing...thank you
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
That "Nobody Knows Our Business" Type Of Relationship >>>>>”
I hate changes, I wish things could stay the same.
Done... sorry it took so long
we can relabel t-shirt. Under the neck tape contact
Done! Thanks Eric!
Besides the obvious #BlackAndYellow, what colors you guys want to see on our next shirts? Wanna hear from you
I wish I was your favorite girl, I wish you thought I was the reason you are in the world..<3
Grammy's were pretty good, except noone else won except Adele!!!
When I get diarrhea now I refer to it as playing "Game Of Crohns". Makes it more fun.
Oh oh oh oh okay, Lamborghini Mercy, yo chick she so thirsty
I just feel like watching a movie marathon. Instead, I have to study for AP Bio.
Great game bobcats. Biyombo for ROY
was great thanks. Great turnout for a week day. My BBQ #pizza & Two Hearted IPA were tasty
Thia is exactly why
I now officially get tweets sent to my phone (:
spring in her step and on her toes.
You're the one who keeps me up at night, thinking about how we'd look in the future. <3
I got the New Rolling Stone and they just have a small write up on the Beastie Boys MCA Adam Yauch death. Not even a mention on the front??
I wish I was a catfish.
At the office.....getting ready for a big week ahead
Pondering doing a codeathon on Open energy and smart buildings in Austin and Open health in DC thoughts?
I'm great how are you?
Companies find that w/ coaching -profitability, performance & productivity go up.
turd???? Damn that's funny
...and im still tryna get out of the car
what's up johnny give em hell,!
I apologize in advance lol
Most people will LIE to you...(on your product going to market) so if "I" come along & tell u d TRUTH & u don't know how to take it!
<U+E120><U+E33B><U+E33A>could go for some mc.Donalds right now
i got in the car, turned on pandora, and what came on? Cake. Short skirt long jacket.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one
UH I hate myself for not being able to do anything right now.
Legends of the Hidden Temple, Angry Beavers, Salute Your Shorts, adult humor-Stick Stickly? Pinch me, I'm back in the 90s!
What's everyone doing on today? Anyone going to parks?
is that a joke? Funny. Joke
I %100 agree with U
Major strategic error: I did not, in fact, have enough beer to get through the week. Ugh.
I hit the snooze button four times in one morning before. Take that, Josh Hamilton.
Charlottesville. Desperately in need of sleep and Catching Fire. Not necessarily in that order.
Persistent much?
:) just wishing I had my MLS like you chickees.
#TBJ was just so fun to watch, great personality, even as a broadcaster he is more enthusiastic than most players, HOF yes!
Congrats on the great reviews, I'm trying to round up a bunch of lit folk to see it in Dec.
If a black woman was rose from #Titanic Jack: Rose, ill never let go! / Rose: um...its cold...bye. Where's my necklace!!!
Movie time
Tomorrow from 3-5 we continue our International Coffee Series with an Italian Coffee afternoon. Free Italian coffee and treats
When you ask the 40 Yo bday boy what he wants to hear for the last song and he says 2pac "How Do You Want it" - that's a good party.
HAHA only Phillip would go swimming at 11 on a school night RT: time to go swimming
Lattimore might want to train next time... duh
Wow!!! Ish Monroe with 108-5 at the Power Pole Slam!!!! Wouldn't we all love two 30lb bags!!
Awesome! Where are you going to put it? Loving the new logo!
and then he was like <U+6211><U+53EF><U+4EE5><U+5728><U+4F60><U+8138><U+4E0A><U+6B65><U+5417><U+FF1F> and my face was like :0
That really living life would turn out to be much easier than it seemed at 10.
Yeah those 2 were just annoying.
haha, true. "you live, you learn"...:)
Back/Triceps today. My favorite!!!
Nun much just stay doing me ,,
Thanks so much for the opportunity Chris. We owe ya one.
Definitely -- just send me a DM with your details
I doubt it will be close.
can you help me build an e-commerce site purely with webgl html5 - inspired by three.js ? Pay...
One mic one stage
Health advice. You must control stress and not let stress control you. Stress causes inflammation and sickness.
Sometime I feel like I am one of the few normal people left
Let's talk in more detail - We'll help you out!
Now trending #NameAFollowerYouSmashed where do I begin......
People so violent nowadays
bro, im taking it to mr. Wink he loves me. So ill talk to him(:
because he had money connected to them.
So true
READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM...
screw feelings.. Im all done with them.
I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night?
Why not let help you power through your Wednesday!? Flash your Zipcard between 5 & 7 to receive 10% off!
thanks you too ! c:
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
yay! and i love ur hair :O
Represent!!!! We played against each other by the way when you were at Sayre!!!
mine looks similar, but there is a method to our madness!
Ah dinner is taking longer than expected. Still waiting for my food... Missing #sharktank :(
Thanks to for donating the prizes for our Masquerade Ball costume contest last night!
Where can I buy cheap college text books? Websites would be preferable
I really should've went off on this dude tonight! But I'm going to just keep fighting and keep fighting to prove people wrong
That talk so barely scratches the surface of such a large concept. Good talk.
Thanks! It was great that you could be here!
twitter beef twitter beef
Just sang a long to Barry White's Practice What You Preach with a bunch of customers
aye fuck boi we actually got to go get our equipment soon i want those flat blacks
Ahh just heard someone on my porch D:
The data is now recovered. ^ ___ ^
Energy meter at zero. Grabbing a quick nap, then back to transcription and translation.
And in every damn television show, there's a bitch that twenty guys are after. Lol, typical...
don't judge what you obviously don't know...enjoy his talent!
Excellent - Thank you!!
Patience. Involvement. The signs of Mommy blues.
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow is the tragedy of life.
... BE CAREFUL.
If it were not for weed I would not be smokin weed today
We can have the greatest love story ever told its up to us to fill in the pages
I'm signing up for Cuz I don't waste enough time in a day already.
the one in the Dells is awesome
thanks so much for
“: The Steelers know how to play football. The Bengals do not.” Why are you always so right?
Great night to be from Boston!!!!
CORRECTION: 3:45 left to play.
Just cause I don't laugh at your joke, you mug me?
i stay home on thursdays now. what.the.fuck?
Eventually the internet will become an intrinsic part of our consumer behavior.
thanks for the love SPdesigns.
Obviously...but both of you?
Watching chrome presentation at MLA conference at Kansas City with Brad Meyerhoff
Remind me to unfollow MT It's 3 P.M on a Friday. Do you know where your 4th circuit ruling is?
i will later. i tried to and it says forbidden rn? i will when i can! :)
I'm gonna make sure this summer counts.
Also, I have just discovered that "Saved By the Bell" is on Netflix in its ENTIRETY. "I'm so excited! I'm so excited!"
- Welcome R.J! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Sunday Brunch is On, and today is the best day ever to try out our Local, Organic, Vegan Menu of Chef Wes Specials, Cocktails and Favorites
I am dividing my time between editing the next issue of SleepIssues and working on some mixed media art.
Completely remixed and remastered songs for the release of Between Tomorrow EP.
k. Well I'm in Indiana, how long you gonna be there? ;-)
What is the one thing you can't wait to eat tomorrow?
Bahaha! It's official! :D
I love my kids so much that I agreed to turn the oven to 400 for 20 minutes. Yes, my love is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
oh damn so scared
I hate when people talk too much
Listening to Bullet for My Valentines. I never get tired of them...
You're very welcome!
Its crazy how bad I want to be part of #NARS just the thought of working with man o man
I you have interest in having a preview, let me know, so to be played on main radio stations in Atlanya, NY, LA. Hope you like
The aerial shots reveal a number of folks dressed as Skittles.
sounds smokin hot! i fully support your sexy hooper self, sister. i'm over 6 foot tall so i an all leg too! you inspire me! ...
don't deny it!
Biology makes me hate my life.
not chilling you know maintaining just promotong my web site. Where r you from NY here.
The waiting period begins, that is the time between seasons of #NewGirl. Is it over yet? Can't wait that long.
Finally made a twitter. ^_^ First tweet? A quote; "It doesn't matter how slow you go, just as long as you don't stop." - Confucius.
Visiting stupid colleges with my brother! My mother doesn't trust me home alone for a day! Geez
It's crazy, Haha.
Yep. Given all we know about the game during his time, you have to assume he played through at least one concussion.
- makes sense. But I understand, baseball is all about history, and Boston is a historic town.
Smh been bar hoppin for 2 hours feeling real wavy right now
delicious !! Well I'm makin a t shirt lolol
#30thingsaboutme 30. I just skipped to 30 because i'm too lazy to do the rest.
love you <3
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
Hey FAC Heads! Hope you're enjoying your night so far. TGIF tomorrow, stop on by and snag up some of our newest batch of Atomic Bomberry!!
Food trucks good, tolls bad.
Nothing ha?
I'm a fangirl, but the girls who hate on certain ppl arund their idols, juss go in a corner and reavulate yourself then die!! #Kingsley!
RT : We have new facets emerging follow
breaking news: Dick Lugar(Senate's longest-serving Republican)will lose a GOP primary to Richard Mourdock, Ind.state treasurer(via CNN)
If the Rapture does come #Celtics fans will rise, but Heat and Laker fans get left behind. #GoCeltics #Celticsfansfollow #AllAbout18 follow
What it do pimpin'!? Just been grinding lately and now lookin forward to the weekend.RT : whaaaaaaats good mang!!!
woo do i love #TheWeekend <U+2665>
We would welcome an intro to your friend, if he's anywhere as good as you. Hope all is well.
#stopkony wow! The world has horrible people in it!
First to arrive, last to leave. This is my life at work this week, and probably next week.
I can't stand #tattoos. To me they indicate that you follow the herd and care too much about what other people think of you.
I "started my day" by putting a load of laundry in the washing machine. Now what?
reminds me of tonight i was all about it. Had to tell the bouncer about Moombahton. Ready to hear it in a Latin spot.
When you?!?! #suspenseiskillingme RT : I make odd noises when I
lol I said ouch in the voice and laughed :)
Rihanna, SNL: Singer Gets Theatrical, Plays Black Widow and Cleopatra in Broadway-Style Productions (Video)
Don't imitate, innovate! Happy hump day.
Talking shit wit my husband I love this man!
Will you be at #ASTD2012 next week in Las Vegas? Maestro will see you there in booth #414. Tell us what you are most excited about!
Hey, the Engineering Expo is back in action! Come to LTB 1100!
Watching #BeyondTrayvon i don't really know what to say but I'm sorry for the lose of your son.
Tom #verducci still taking gutless potshots at #braun. #verducci still confusing size of paychecks with his ability
umm..where are you going.
Rebecca from Philadelphia says I can afford anything I set my mind to!
after which Jesus spent 3 1/2 years preaching the gospel of salvation and eternal life which would come via His sacrifice....
Louis Vuitton Condoms ha, that boy better last a few hours, and some...
Hello World
Gotcha. Probably a good idea!
I am thankful for what I have
Dear Kansas, thank you for taking me to the top of the brackets! Never thought I'd be rooting so hard for the Midwest.
So fun seeing you tonight, ! Come back soon - chocolate doughnuts and key lime pie await!
But why your boy can have a longer conversation with me than you can and me and him are JUST friends
hell yeah, we'll be rooting for you. See you in the Super Bowl
Price of flat screen tv's expected to go down 25% during the holiday season Sony, Panasonic & Samsung
only two minutes of temporary insanity
Is there a more frustrating matchup than Hochevar-Matusz?
ah it worked now I'm following on both accounts thank you do much!!! :D
I feel Gotti on this 1
rocks, doesn't he? :) I am surprised you didn't show more of the office and the fancy metal door in there
If your girl tells you she's working out with her male personal trainer and they using a fitness ball........she cheating dawg!!!
Well, what did you say to her?
Birds were flying all around me at the beach, it felt odd. I must smell like bread crumbs. :)
Playing tonight at Hotel Angeleno (Sunset and 405) at 9pm with the great vocalist Sherwood Sledge, plus my compadres Ryan Cross and...
Good story. Question asked on recent reference check: "do they suffer from Millennial syndrome?"
count on it! #ACMs #Wine&AwardsShowsMix
Sitting and waiting for at the mainstage!!
Cracking at America the beautiful park for 420 Freedom Fest
:-) RT : RT : I wonder how many followers I'll lose due to The Rapture this weekend.
that sounds AMAZING right now
Change is the hardest thing especially when it comes to people
Totally, completely obsessed with Mob Wives, love and Thank you for introducing me to the show!
Missed the Kentucky derby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
“: Proud and honored to have just received the endorsement of The Victory Fund ” Huge victory for Tim Day for Ward 5
Where there is love there is life - Mahatma Gandhi
Bull Tucky! The majority of Catholics or others care about this talking heads issue. How can hypocrits be so loud?
Skin flute? #TooFar?
I can't wait to go back to school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
If you have SWAG go follow (:
Food is like my best friend.!
“: Don't get to thristy, you my dehydrate and die #ThirstyAhh”
Thanks for your encouragement re a custom built computer. Mulling it over.
Waiting on the #beltline... For traffic to MOVE.
Yup! Just found out (Lana Kane!) and husband homebrew! But not as much as she used to.
Don't forget to get your special package while you are there.
so I love blog! Completely entertaining to me and very relatable (:
In deep thought :/
LOL. So jealous!
Happy Birthday
that sounds so weird that it has to be good!
go to sleep little boy.
lol he should just cut that mustache.....who the hell rocks a straight line mustace lol
Idk. He's comparable only to Jordan with longevity and production. 16 years and still top 3 in the game at least
Your boy Dev might be single folks... Ah! Jfjfigogogirjejsowpajdnfigorpeuewiqiwyehcjckcofpfjrhevehwkek!
good morning foxy
How the tides have turned
You better believe it!! Are you?
awww thanks for re-tweeting :) how are you doing? :)
Thanks!! It was an awesome trip!!
thanks for the retweet Laura : )
which song?? :D
The Latino Museum & Occupy Los Angeles Community “Artivist” present “We Art the 99%”, 7-9pm tonight, 514 S Spring St
I forgot how hot Angelina Jolie looks in Mr & Mrs. Smith....
It's so nice to wake up early
If you don't like you can fuck off
#HottestPeopleOnTwitter Seriously its like 85 degrees in my house.
I think should have a concert in San Antonio :)
Dear Truck that ran over the railing in the middle of the road, HOW THE HELL DID YOU DO THAT ? Sincerly, wtf !
I think instead of teaching the food pyramid in school they should teach you a properly portioned meal!
Follow the progress of Las Vegas Boulevard on Twitter now! Photo shooting adventures and real time updates on the coming photo book series.
My grandpa always said he would take me but I don't think that's going to happen now.
Thanks! RT / Just responded to your email. Also, the supercool website is looking awesome! :]
appreciated. I will be in-touch soon what days are best for you and Midas. Talk soon.
any #PTY 20 year anniversary OPACY shirts in the works?
goto TAO and ask for Dan Marrell
Yes! Different than Trocadaro... But great!
bagels on deck! see you in 30...
no shit fool! What louds u smokin on? I been on that #amnesia kick bro!
:) how was the #avengers?
I woke up in amazing shape cause of his amazing Graces..
Congrats man
Awesome! Congrats.
Same here. I like the Nick Adams stories.
ugh rain:/ there's nothing to do on rainy days!
I think I'll have my hubby drink it then :) He's fearless!
He Still Has Music Playin In Their Voicemail Background, Better Yet Who Even Take The Time To Set That Shiit Up.?
BUT I was reading a convo on Trevor's twitter with his friend and he was talking about his relationship with a girl in FL..
If you wanna treat, my cookie is vanilla
Mom and dad get all pist cause this cute waiter from Texas Roadhouse likes to flirt with me :b
good job coach, I didn't see, who was #1?
Have fun on the West Coast. Where are you going?
Nice win by the tonight! Only 1 game behind, Go get it!
Ueck! Still a Disciple of his.
Sweet! Thanks, Earl.
For The Anniversary of My Death. One of the most haunting poems ever…
Elliot's tears just now... Crushing. He needs love. Another great episode of #touch ...
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant
shut up
why do i get in trouble if i try that?
Not going to write today. I helped set up the used book sale at school so guess what I'll be doing? Happy reading!
I long for the day when the number next to a batter's name on TV isn't his batting average.
thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
Happy Monday! Tell us: what makes you happy?
my hand smell of Yuengling and #whore. I guess I can call this a good night?
Well hello beautiful!
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing
will he be eligible second semester next year?
Watching MTV because I do what I'm told.
:) thanks. And if we got wrong info, then I'm fine with that.This place is where I go to chill.
Down goes Rivers !!! Ball so Hard Univ!! Its called football
Less than 12 hours and I am getting a grade change in Philosophy. Very simple and easy
Also: It's hard to do a workout when you can't breathe through your nose!
I feel so close to you right now
that was nice of her! How much did she pay you to tell me that?? :)
On this day, 67 years ago, Jewish prisoners revolt at theTreblinka death camp. More than 300 prisoners escaped.
do you mean to have your location turned on?
Just found out that on the final episode of Oprah, she chops somebody's head off
you on wrong plane? RT : About to play some songs on southwest flight 186. My first concert at 35,000 ft.
tryna keep my sanity!!!
Lost on the country roads....
Can I get response from any of you as I have a BIG question!
Grrr. thought we were getting a break from the rain :(
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Gotta love ice skating :)
um no Rosalina is a love song. But I know! Hahah we could have If That's Not Love :)
i have alot of friends and thats not gud
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.°-- William Shakespeare
I agree DC housewives sucked lol. They tried to be to proper and politically correct. No one wants to see that. Give it up
Another tattoo is in my immediate future
she gone beat ya ass real soon lol
all excited about cinco de mayo... We are about to have some huevos rancheros and margaritas for breakfast
Doing Numbers on Itunes!! Call of Duty Volume 1..... It's E.v.a. Pro!
via Dylan Morse of #HorseFingers: PDX's #Typhoon is taping Letterman Aug 1, will be broadcast Aug 4
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. ~Phil Jackson
Me for example is a real nigga
Yes let's have a party for the amazing twitter kim.
Hate to say but this was the worst school year for me
Thanks so much Brenda. I hope we get to talk again soon. How are things?
hit my phone
He's the ONLY person who's been there for me!
He tends to stay away from livestock after a bad experience w/ Dad's horses. Does chase chickens tho, we need to break that :(
Thoroughly impressed with everyone and what they've achieved at the Javelina Jundred this weekend. Can't wait for MY first 100! :-)
Yesterday I finished up season 1 (which I started on Wednesday) Now I'm probably gonna' watch 7 or 8 episodes today :3
if u enjoyed Lust Money & Murder you will love my new book Vanilla's Ladies chevk ou the free preview on my blog on my page
no, i miss you to!
Fetish Houston !!! bad bitches !
Taking x rays.
i hate school
tell yo followers
Oh yeah baby, Mavs are going to the dance!!!
its 11:11 and its funny because im listening to 11:11 right now ahahah (: Love you
Just finished speaking with concerning future marketing efforts
"I don't know him/her but they follow me on twitter"
It's the next best thing to spring!
Thanks to everyone who came by for the TALA wills workshop. Thanks to for notarizing our documents, too!
His eyebrows are as thick as a 70's porno bush....
what if Bone thugs met Harmony....lol
Do you think Cleveland has good musicians/bands? Tell us who you think they are...
It amazes me how many people put the current year when entering their birth date on a survey.
just curious, does anyone have a job they enjoy?
Thanks for all the follows, follow suggestions, and retweets today! Now we're only 67 followers away from that elusive 1k!
Does your friend or family member own a restaurant or food business in Georgia? I'd love them to have them be a part of my museum exhibit!
How you get family first tattooed PERMANENTLY on your skin then treat your REAL family like Shit?
was amazing!! Best concert I've been to!!! :D
has a fire gig to plan for Friday, family beach trip Saturday and Sunday, and a revolution to organize; I'm swamped!
cutest thing ever puppy burying her bone on me
Check out my NFL picks at www.thechiefsports.com
my uncle wants your hair!~
why such a long powerpoint??
Run, eat, run, eat.
RT : World Peace Suspended
What's the project?
Did the awesome winter weather leave Indy with the super bowl?
Working on 2 boxed postcard print sets right now so owning them all will be much cheaper.
The boys of TLDS are finally having The Last Dark "CD Release" Show at Double Door in Chicago on MAY 4th, 2011 TLDS will perform songs...
two commented on how the collection of spray cans mixed w/ the message was epic
Momma's in the kitchen cooking up a storm! Get $1 OFF all dinners at Heaven's Kitchen! Only w/ a
OH: I turned on baseball last night b/c my politics & sports are counter cyclical, sure enough, the Sox trounced the Indians. // *sigh*
Ommg.. i lost so many followers.
what happens if u fell asleep with contacts on?
nice i love vintage cares
With budget cuts, scientists upset, NASA tries to rescue Mars focus with cut-rate 2018 flight
umm i cant since im in my phone :(
writing in purple bc its 's favorite color and you hope it will bring you luck on your exam........
There should be toeless socks to keep your feet warm when your nails are drying
I'm good (: what about you
Sometimes I'm afraid to be happy, because every time I'm happy, something goes wrong and hurts me.
I'm mad bitches at my school be worried about who I'm fucking lmao it's my pussy not yours boo :)
what's your location?
who is #twitters #1 ray of sunshine, in SE Wisco, doing? I mis our #Bucks chats :)
Big crowds at Junior Seau Qualcomm memorial. Heavy traffic expected, so I encourage you to ride on , America's Finest trolley!
#meet1Dwithroz... Winning these tickets would mean the world. Please pick me
You know what's a bad idea? Reading Tom's chat during Passover
Bowling night. First game 214. Beat Dennis's 195!!!!
Talk stupid, off with ya head
With my girl safyiaaaah :D <3
agreed. Feedback is important but so is having your own voice. How will they drive interaction?
I would miss u :(
yeah! Especially when no one txts u and u don't like annoying them!
we're paying!then you could sleep over after(;
a pizzaa box is square, the pizza is circle, & the pizza slice is a trianqle. the only time i will use qeometry lol
Happy New Year, everyone!
#MilwaukeePolice confirm the suspicious pkg at 2nd & Wells, turned out to be a large electrical fuse someone dumped. Roads open
you and speck should probably be playing in that team, let's honest.
My fake breaking news tweet might have been slightly humorous if autocorrect knew what I was talking about.
ALL I WANTED WAS A NAP AND YOU HAD TO RUIN THAT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i'm working the great american beer fest tonight. i'll be working the southwest and midwest regions. stop by and say hi if you are going.
God I need more you please make things right! I don't feel good and I don't like feeling like this. Give me the strength to endure
Zebra socks, more than jello spots, so sweet like dippin' dots, I love you lots! <33
next time I got you!
You can catch our show live via webcam tonight check it out!! -MWM
Heading to Leon's to enjoy American Craft Beer Week offerings from & You'll see at !
you're following Vick? Hello?? Eagle!
Thought the same. What image would shock & awe? RT Why is it that we never hear debates @ being #DadEnough?
ok so tell me the situation that made you tweet that then since you said you would tell me
oh boy! Lmao
Velociraptors are capable of intelligence, but not emotion.
Good For You Kristi! We Are Here If You Need Any Advice!
RT if you're craving TACOS!
Good luck gentleman. And may the best man win.
Early morning gym time
im hungry
Yes! He's a client and a friend. What a wonderful human!
'I have officially gone to all of the hot dog joints in Columbus and Acme is the top of my list.' (via Facebook, E. Jordan)
I need to wash
o im sorry
i'd starve first.
Wow he see,s excited for me hehe. Im happy too but I do have to be careful just in case. You never know.
"...if either of us get emotions..." Total and utter slap in the face. I need a drink.
For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. II Corinthians 5:21
I loved Adele's performance at VMa...ridiculous ..
guest artist jennifer from tatu tatu in chicago will be here until january 17th. check out her work at myspace.com/jennifertrok
My Reds are horrible offensively!!!
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. ~ Sacha Guitry
still cute lol
Great talking with and today. Too guys that really get the indie world.
Time feels like it is DRAGGING today. Maybe it's because I never had coffee.
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger ... Wait but wht if it does kill you?
I've got faith in us, I believe in you and me.
if you haven't call Comcast to have them run diagnostics. Mine is smooth and fast all the time and it's just 8mbit.
Gotcha - thanks!
your pic looks good, what is that a picture of?
what kind of car you got
Your body hears everything your mind says
Thanks so much!!
Watching Young Frankenstein, never noticed the bad makeup job on Peter Boyle. You can totally see his bald cap... Haha... Still love it!!
speaking of Otwell...Mom & Dad doing well?
What? A little show and tell? lol RT Just what I needed
well. It still could be somebody practicing. We drummers have no value of others sleep or hearing capabilities. Lol
nah, it's all terrible. But I did feel bad for your Hoosiers. Better luck next year
This is where I would say something childish, but I like you today. Keep up the good work babe. :)
Today in 1925, the Florida House of Representatives outlawed gambling.
Twitter days (ImmaQT)
Recording a new cover with the always wonderful tonight! Supa stoked.
thanks for the follow. you're my 500th follower
Watched the first 30 minutes of #TheRiver last night and was not impressed. I know #Lost, and you, my friend, are not
I drink #craftbeer so quick I cant build a beer cellar.I only drink #whiskey on the weekends so I have a wide range in my whiskey collection
RT : dude where's my car? get ready to see a crapload of car commercials.
Doing a lot of job applications.
Embracing Christ as Lord in the areas U never wanted touch produces humility and brings God glory, creates unity of the faith!
Keep the line moving.
Digital humanities unconference - everyone is huddled around their laptops. Come on, we need fellowship and coffee.
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars released QB Todd Bouman, linebacker Gerris Wilkinson & wide receiver Greg Ellingson from the roster
it's an equal love of both David Copperfield and Seth Godin :-)
Cannot wait till Senior Night at school<3 I hope he's going<3
Modern friendship: checks the hashtag for my talk while I'm presenting. And then points out the best comments.
just watched the results show for American idol and WTF MAN. WHY DID JOSHUA GO HOME?!?!?! HE WAS THE FREAKING BEST
Eating bday cake w/ my sisters & dog.
who wants a Dior bag?
. Congrats on you dad's sweet new job! When does he start?
RT : The HEB mini-case study is good. Large regional retailer with integrated manufacturing. Shows AX strength in retail.
A girl can dream.
#WarCriminal MT : You know 's foreign policy is bankrupt when you put out Dan Senor who called Iraq war a "model"
those stripes make you look fat!
The 3. AM Phone Call Has Come.
hahahahahaha JB, you crack me up
I have been following/benefitting from your preventive health advice for years with greatly improved health results.
Folklore and the New Social Problems Finale Today. Need to try to get our ebook put together.
Mayor Leffingwell asks staff to extend terms and number of affordable housing units; also wants to include workers' safety
Expect more first-round #NFLDraft pick trades. Trent Richardson is now Cleveland-bound.
Almond oil and cortexiphan fingerprints. I love
oh you got jokes...
Shabbat Shalom from the Eternal Jewish Capital of Jerusalem. May we merit to rebuild the Temple already this coming sunday.
Random fact: I've stalked a couple of females in my lifetime.
I hate rooting for the Heat.
I gotta track you should spin at #princesspalace called stripper tipper
McDonalds for breakfast
want to do busboys & poets around 2pm? It's 20% off in their bookstore this weekend so I want to hit that up!
Still confused as to what I want.
"everybody look away. I'm getting naked right NOW!"
all of them
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day!
love to.
No Mac jokes for 24 hours.
The excitement of a kid never gets old! Merry Christmas!
RT : "Welcome, welcome...go back & share ur learning w/ ur colleagues," says CEO Dr Caldwell @ #ISDIP2012 reception
“: The Chevy Equinox! Who's getting me one for Christmas???” wow you've got a great wish list there!
What online source am I using to study bee dances? The Magic School bus video clips!!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Car Hop today with the Circle City Derby Girls 2-7pm. Hand Dip Shakes,Hand Breaded Onion Rings and Tenderloins and Home Made Pie's.
ICYMI: New Russian Pres Vladimir Putin will not be attending G8 Summit next weekend, sending PM Dmitri Medvedev instead, WH announced Wed
Thank you for following me!
if dream sleep with
aww, so jealous! Yea, sounds good :P haven't done a lot, but good thanks :) x
Spending today vegging by the pool!! YeeeeeHawwwwwwwww!
Tell your dad I love the ring and I need him to prescribe me some meds because I am dying over here.
I'm going to be a senior in 23 days.....
He who does not travel does not know the value of men. ~Moorish proverb
will You take me higher, to a place where blind men see? will You take me higher, to a place with golden streams? <3
People are so kind. Sometimes.
He and Melvin absolutely earned their extensions. Do we remember what the team was like before them?
yes...youre too stressed!
Bethenny Frankel We are hoping that you get the package that we sent to you the labels got misplaced by our shipping dept. Let us know.
trailer away sir!! I trust you with the tone of it! Make it witchy!
I just keep smackin her up hope I don't get an assault charge
Ozzie on Chris Brown "He was itchin to hit someone"
Oh, would you look at that.. It's nap:o'clock.
just be gentle with the poor, defenseless young man.
Capitol Hill peeps - you can pick up our treats @ The Cupboard (1504 E Capitol St NE) Order today & pick up this weekend:...
I can't wait to PackABag&Go and visit San Diego, CA all beginning on Wednesday of next week...
Oops, tweeting mistake.
My novel "Love Isn’t Painful" my website sajunique.com read chapters. purchase book at Barnes and noble or Amazon.com
Congratulations for winning the battle round! You totally rocked that song!
Thanks. Appreciate your support and thank for liking our #FB Page!
lol sorry.. I am a happily married man.. lol
The are some classy, classy ladies.
SUMMER FINALLY IM OUTTA LMS!!! freshman babyy :*
american music awards! : *
shut up about facebook on twitter. See what i did there
Well out of work early and heading to the beach :)
RT : Today's downloads are from US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Kuwait & Philippines...totally rocks!
it's tomorrow(17th)!
You may be right. It has been a long time since I've seen Colon, but I recall thinking to myself, "slow feet, should be a G"
I hope Tide capitalizes on this fantastic marketing opportunity.
Galatians 6:9 9 And let us not grow weary while doing good, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart.
Cannot put the book down!!! I've read almost the whole thing in one day!!!!
BlackBerry 10 Alpha Dev device, the nicest handset you&#39;ll never own
Pecos skate was great!
Neither did I, and I'm an unabashed geek. It just happens to be on HBO On-Demand this month.
Need to sign up for evo by weeks end for that discount! Still debating if I want that custom Evo baseball jersey. Kinda pricy but so cool!
RT : my #Twitter is lookin real corny rite about now
And keep things how they r
Divide long homework assignments for ADD kids into smaller, manageable chunks with breaks between.
yeah it really is! and i wish they sold mountain dew baja blast everywhere! lol
The taper rule is "run less, eat more" right? If so, I might just WIN this race! ;-)
I don't need a child. I have a dog that talks back just fine.
Thanks for all the "likes," friends!
idk where that is....
whats his prank
I had no idea today was Friday. What happened?
Don't mind at all. Go for it!!
do not doubt me child
No, what effect does a Chassin Barrel have?
#Celtics aren't fooling around. They know it's important to take a 3-1 series lead, something the #Bruins had to do but couldn't.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Taking tomorrow as a vacation day! Woot. Looking forward to a fun-filled day of EQ2 and sleep. Then, back to the grind on Wednesday.
hey whats going on with Tammy knickerbocker
What are you guys doing tonight ? :D
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Does #Kansas get handicap?
Welcome to Twittttterrrr!!!! I'm on a boat!!!!
Getting ready to take Abuelita to lunch. No clue where we're going though-it's an adventure!
I thought the way Obamacare was written there was not a way 2 remove the mandate w/o removing the entire law. Hmm will have 2 dig into this
This song brings back old memories when Austin use to sing this all the time(:
Oh now Neto is diving without contact....
Don't sweat this shitt. Keep your head up and it'll all blow over. You seem like a good dude...
Last night's Ho & Mo Happy Hour with special guest DJ Sami Yaffa was so off the hook, Sami's coming back for 2 more weeks. Woot!
- Thanks for the 5 Star Review of Actsophia!
RT : Getting ready to present Fostering Collaborations Around Arts Integration....if your not nervous you are not ready.
Excellent advice from Thoreau, "Be true to your work, your word, and your friend."
#iPhoneApp - Actsophia addresses every aspect of an actor's career - training, submitting, auditioning, performing, tracking and networking!
los gaiteros de san jacinto. years waiting for this.
Nothing like an iced caramel macchiato in the morning!
What are Dave, Chain and Boyer up to these days? I listened to you since very beginning - Dawn Patrol.
Walsh: many of the questions are predicated on how previous ones are decided.
Let's not celebrate yet #BBN ... Still lots of time on the clock.
April 16th – Pikes Peak Earth Event- Doherty High School 10-3 Free admission
my favorite from him was about two weeks ago and I can't think of the name lol OMG but it was epic
Im good why u ask ?
2012 film watching! #11. Phantom Of The Paradise (De Palma, 1974). Such a fun film! Cant believe i had put off watching this until now!!
is so good! So many possibilities!
shhhh. you'll like it. ( please note that I'm TRYING to sound creepy)
Danny Chaparro- Welcome to Pyro Productions!
RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
hey thanks for the follow;y
Where the hell are you, haha.
I love you my baby (:
asiago sourdough bread is delicious breakfast/lunch
RT : The family we raise usually at some level a rebuke to the one we came from.
Oh my God, what an adorable treasury! That's hilarious.
getting into anything fun tonight? I was supposed to head to LI but decided to stay around and do ~nothing so 2nd is easier.
hm...decisions decisions!
no problem :)
THANK YOU to the 200+ friends who downloaded GOD OF WINE this weekend. I hope you enjoy it.
nothing wrong, and so, so much right.
After two days of doing straight up NOTHING, I'm gonna be productive today. First step, breakfast!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe I can rack up a $15 order at just by myself... & I wonder why I wanna work out more, lol.
Action $$ will trump support $$ MT : By 2017, CMOs will spend more money on IT than CIOs do
No, thank YOU!
Starla informed me it was time to go on a walk and when I said "sure, but I don't like any of you" Corvin told me to "stop being hilarious"
I do like supporting craft brewing in SD. Cheers to Sanders for that at least
Searching for a #Reference #Librarian in #NYC. Great salary and great hours! Send resume & questions to
I know and if I could I would get out of here too but you gotta do what you gotta do
Hey! It's business! Never personal!
Thanks for all the support. Dad passed away last night. I will post funeral details when I know them
QoTD: "Those who do not drink from the 'Fountain of Knowledge' will only die of thirst in the 'Desert of Ignorance.'" (Unknown)
(Made me think of L'Eclisse)
The Jam? The Clash? The Style Council? Redskins? 3 Johns? The start of '80s was different than the middle and the end.
memories of us <<<<
follow my new twitter
I like that show
Another 12 hours in a hospital...yay for work!
Safe Travels! U better come back on ur B' day I have reservations 4us@ Per Se ;)
I miss ya like yesterday
did I stutter? Na. But I've been pretty good!
Earlier, when tweeted me, it made me feel so much better.
Is it ok for a married man to cheat on his wife and play with another woman heart, and then go back to being faithful to the wife?
I juct check out your blog & subscribed too... ha ha. Cool stuff!
When I make it that means all the homies made it to.
Getting Ready For School, Feeling Sleepy :/
Well written analysis that explains why I use
Can't believe I went this long without an #iPhone hi iPhone, I love you.
y u so prettttttay
Maybe I just don't believe
Thanks for the kind words, Toby! ... , we'll have to catch up soon!
Expecting a bundle of joy this spring or summer? Let yoga help you get ready with our Preparing for Birth with Yoga - Sun. 12:30-3:30pm
i hate this new timeline stuff... lol
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Frank quipped to the tribal chieftan that he doesn't trust anyone who eats lizard. He was then savagely beaten by me.
I agree with Newt, the debates have been rather shallow and the rules are not really defined. We need to fix that.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
Or van? Lol RT : - I feel like a soccer mom in my moms can ??
Today's not a good day:(
Boys and I are being flown out for private event in NYC 11-10...looking for a cool jazzy place sit in night before...Manhattan...any ideas?
“: Anyone have good non-dairy, non-wheat desserts recipes for ? #turktalk” I know you do !
Starting 2 plan MY life after high school eveyone does
Thanks for sharing my post yesterday.
Ya'll know how #annoying it is to listen to a #coworker "peck" on a keyboard w/one finger #alldamnday ?
LeoDiCaprio in the house.
still ur a weirdo:)
Today feels like a good day for a _______ pizza.
My life now revolves around Saturday! Bring it
If you MUST use #Java script drop down menus, image maps or image links, put text links on the page for the #spiders to follow.
Creator of the Lambeau Leap, y'all.
SW Mo. Looks like it's hotter in KS and OK
JP doesn't have a chance?!?
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit contractor, dryvit contractors indiana, dryvit contractor indiana dryvit contractors indiana
- chicken comes again.
Where is my #gdmorning?? I MISS it, Want it, & NEED it! :)
Trying to figure of out twitter works! I am new!
I drink milk. Does that justify one?
Where are you heading to?
I'm so use to my brown contacts, I forgot what color my real eyes are. Word.
i wish i would have come up with edible arrangements. huuuhhh i could quit school and dip fruit in chocolate all day and make $$$$$$$$
ALL TYPES OF METAL TONIGHT WITH DENMAN | 9PM |
Being covered in glass < being on fire
You are most welcome! RT : Love that video, thanks for sharing!
If they're shocked by "50 Shades of Grey" wait until they learn about Miller, Roth, or de Sade. 2/3
Senator John McCain has been an avid supporter of immigration reform, at the very least in the past 10 years
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you at least notice me and try and talk to me.
What are you doing for the Packer game Milwaukee?
it's a great day for carolina baseball at the
The family is at the movies and I am making progress with 1,400 words.
#Padres so due for a no-hitter
You should put that on a tshirt. Lol “: Let me just say this... IF UR DICK ISN'T HARD IM NOT PUTTING THAT SHIT IN MY MOUTH !!!”
Love all your sites and pics and graffiti!
“: hoo frickin' ray. now -- BRING ON BASEBALL AND HUSKY SPRING PRACTICES!!” yahoo!
oh hey
Does it make you kinda wanna cry? Change your life? Do something extreme? If so, same here.
we have faced it and we shall adapt... someday...someday in this our life time...
Hey Austin! Im new... I created this twitter for you(: Love you!
Nothing lasts forever. Shoulda known.
I wonder why it's so difficult to find the streaming video. Bookmark it, click on it, and it's not there. I found it again…
hey! found it!
Ah, using my iPad on twitter. I'm cool.
Trying 2 find that new sound
And the shamwow tampon will be called...wait for it...tamwow!
You're a true believer! Thank you so much!
if you dont want to talk about, then dont post it on FACEBOOK. because poeple are gonna ask you whats wrong, and you know it.
RT : 54 is just a number.. Thank you Teena Marie!
its my birthday dont lose your sunglasses..have a green bean!
I feel like the author misspelled his own last name.
Great customer service from Bed Bath & Beyond today. Best return policy ever and I spent more.
That's not good news. These tests are not my forte. Good luck.
im aware of that :)
Thanks Adam!
6 days left until, do you have everything on your list? We can help!
couldn't agree more! #people>corporations
Lol! RT : girl " smash or pass " me " smash " girl " aww " me " your face into the wall " girl " oh "
are they almost solid black except for vibrant orange streaks at the wingtips? Saw some of those at home this a.m.
this will be the second time. The first time, I was eight.
I love you too!
sparring tonight...come get some!
Sorry, spoke too soon! There is one more #TitansofIT "Consultant" honoree: Bruce Wells
La ha needs to move to a bigger place!
everyone knows I'll change it next week haha!
So many great followers! <U+200F> Thank you!
#ChronicleMovie Go See It!
Something very poignant shoe brands and all of us serious shoe makers can learn from Tom's shoeSIMPLICITY ease of wear and EASY construction
thanks for adding me to your network of followers Sherif. Signed Windel.
Job interview tomorrow morning and I'm almost positive I'm not going to get adequate sleep.
Pretty sure I can sit like this for hours.
good to know! Thanks for following!
awesome. Well stay connect! In fact follow me back. It might change ur life! :)
Although as points out, they originally listed him as a RB going into rookie minicamp.
the only thing free in life is jesus
RT Chargers fans welcome our newest member to San Diego (Melvin Ingram)
us women better change that then :D
Thank you, thank you! You're too kind. Ditto on the #FF!
Coffee is ON! RT: Is the coffee on? Grab a cup and join and me for from 7-9!
woah woah woah WOAH. You serious? A jazz version? Excuse me while I try to go find that!!
Wow, today was an amazing day! :D
Thanks for the RT!
Kind of obsessed with and If I could fill my house with maps and not look crazy, I would.
Have them look at your avatar especially the picture on the left in the dress.
sure, I follow you
Ima Proud Ayysian !! , But I Love BLACK BOYS ,,,, *>: D
have you done the CT stonehenge?
came across & love how U R #Empowering #Women #Entrepreneurs! We'd love 2 tell U about our Editor! #PerfectFit for story!
Stocks down big this AM
Should I feel uncomfortable that my coworker keeps touching her breasts in front of me andasking me if her ass is up/big ALL OF THE TIME.lol
Why has there always been conflict in the Middle East? It's because it's incredibly hot and there's no water.
are you the hiring manager for the Social Media Specialist position?
Guarantee if I download Dreamchasers 2 ain't no type of studying gettin done
haha yeah! It snowed xD it was great!!!!
Enjoying my last BDH dinner for awhile with Mom's cookin' from now on!
Second day of testing done!! Easy parts is comin' tomorrow. :)
i think imma wash enough clothes fa tomar.. !!
enjoy friend!
7 miles from my new (old) home state: Colorado.
I'm break her back, spineless
Thank you. We are thrilled to be starting construction on expanded facilities to help more homeless, hungry families.
It is a Magical mid week Wednesday
male stripper: Cap'n Fever
I love jamming to my pandora... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
RT : What you seek with all your heart you shall find, as long as you stay patient, what you seek will find you.
absolutely Damien! could you follow us so we can DM you an invite? :)
Did u know India has 60 million children doing slave labor, also kids being trafficked in slave sex. Most of these kids r female.
I'm with you, really want them around. Plus QPR going down on that Aguero goal would have been a fun bonus.
The great knowledge engender serious doubts.
Again, this is so true w/the issue of juvenile transfer. In #VA when 14yo is transferred to adult court, he is declared an "adult"
what are you doing this summer?!
Good dudes bring good moods.
you mean me right?!
Dying my hair ombre today. Wish me luck!
#SAG_AFTRA actors go to Sag foundation Life Raft video gallery and watch amazing informative panels with Casting, new media, film, taxes..
Happy mothers day mommy! Your the bestt! Couldn't survive without you!! Love you so much <U+263A>
looks delicious. We devoured the cookies, btw. I had to make a fresh batch just to keep everyone happy.
Can we get a special screening at here since it will most likely never show up at the corp theaters?
The Knicks' offense is the best comedy on TV these days. Even better than Community.
that they are! We have been waiting for our restock for awhile! We can't wait for them to come in, we're getting a store copy!
I can't wait to get this bitch back to the hotel room, we've got HBO here
mommy.. can i go out and KILL toNIGHT?!?!?!?!
PLAYWRIGHTS: #sourcefest 2012 has an Open Call for 10-Minute Plays. Deadline is Tuesday, October 24, 2011, 5PM EST. Send us something!...
Watching the news with on is the best part of the day.
Beautiful day, bout to go play Ball.
But anyways at ihop with my coworkers lol.
I've been on #bitchmode these past few days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i done came round hold up
Seeing things that are not really there...
Boy Belieber here!!!! (y)
you sir, are a totally SICK.. meaning kick ass concert shooter.. I wish my best shots were as good as your worst shots
I stay skinny only to keep #KD physique
Been so sick today..hope I get better by tomorrow! Script reading tomorrow afternoon!
Is that a new plan?
lol! Good one ;)
nothing layin down until its time for class watchin tv...wyd??
M chocolate cake at the library for librarian's birthday. M....
And I still don't think I'll be seeing The Artist--Best picture
I love that you know Lana Del Rey!
i've been singing since i was 4, that's when i did my first performance, yep ; ) and omg Puck is hot too! we can double lol
I know the feeling.
A abstract is in: "Every Sensation is Only a Number: Tardean Statistics, Computer Audition, and Big Data" not sure what it's about yet…
not as much fun as we'll have during #asae12!
Lmao season 4 of TVD isn't premiering until October. I think they did that on purpose so that it can be only a month behind Breaking Dawn xD
JLO blew the stage away on AMERICAN IDOL.
follow back bro
What is the best kind of #makeup for
Going to bed at 4 am...
. Even with all the restrictions!
My cat also fits.
I love the weather of Florida. Stormed really hard this morning and now I'm sitting pool side in my swim trunks and flippy-floppies!
This song playing right now>>>> lol I love this song!
Rain and Earthquakes.... 2012 or 2010? San Diego is Rockin
That is why the pilots of CBS I get a "Meh" feeling cause "Person of Interest" is one those others can't match in my opinion.
Threat Level Midnight! RT : This is shaping up to be an amazing episode of
The new mortgage Good Faith Estimate proves to be a challenge when disclosing to home buyers and creating closing documents.
“: “: What category do we fall in? ” clown category” Lol!!!!
I'm gonna make so many viddy's of my cat. ;)
Have you heard of yet? Well you will at the #MKEShindig! They’re booking some awesome live music!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Yep— did the visual design (linked closely to the awesomeness of ) and Midd's staff implemented the WP theme.
Thanks for your help. Can you DM me your email?
Welp ... keeping busy and staying strong. God has my plan!
Coming up in tonight's TheWireSalon Cafeoto: ianhelliwell's 'Practical Exhibition' & demonstration of The Megatherm & the Hellisizer 3000
Johnson's artwork has been exhibited at the Oakland Museum Of California & the Mills College Museum
“: Why do straight people care so much about gay people getting married?” preach it
Everyone, have a fantastic evening! You may catch me a bit later. :)
If you don't want to invest the time to figure out the Vets program, I'm sure my friends at Homewell, Lisa and Ray Black, can help.
ATTENTION... ASBMG STAFF AND AFFILIATES... IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE DUVAL DIAMOND AWARDS TONIGHT OR WANT TO GO LET US KNOW BY 2PM... TODAY
That's my favorite Brad!! RT : in DC. Starting with Mei Wah steamed veggie dumpings and working my way to...!
voice: trustees should be looked at as allies. they are *in* the community and want the university involved in external work.
LOL You're so right! RT " your post about the news made me giggle...just means the bad guys have bad aim."
what surprises me that it continues to be something the reading public needs to be taught!
Fuck love, we all end up alone in the end anyway.
Feel free to drop by the president's office anytime--we can totally hang out.
wow that was a good night haha
& Btw; all four of us are gonna do something this weekend. :)
As an educator, what do you find to be the most challenging in teaching Computer Science?
Eisenhower rest stop in CT is og
: CONTEST! RT to be eligible for International Terminal Commemorative Coin Giveaway tomorrow at 5p.
we are having a great Xmas season already thanks to your products!!
Hey ! So, my mom called me and said you called :D she told me everything. we'll have to skype sometime next week?
I'm 21, I blame the way I was brought up
Can't pay the rent on "free" games. :]
Who's ready to hear a new song?? ;)
Thinking about starting an "acting" Youtube page to post monologues, demos, and VLOGs. Thoughts?
Get ready for one hell of a story by on today's #SCOTUS developments. Don't ask how I know. I just do.
I thought that was strictly an NFL policy (that goodell isnt too eager to change). State can't control tv contracts.
Alright man I will get one out to ya :) probably won't send till next week but it is coming
NIT Selection Show is on ESPNU Sunday at 7 p.m. MT.
Nada much. Going to grams for dinner and to watch 24.
At which pub do you play trivia?
Hope every had a great Thanksgiving! I sure did:)
I am going to miss Josh a lot :/
u still mad at me
yes, I am eligible, but doctor and de thought it would be better to take humalog and lantus via shot-pump would be better - alas!
I'm already excited (: you guys will kill it . !!
Negative thoughts filling my mind... Just gonna get the 'pod and vibe.
Somewhat new ladies fitted tshirt drops today!!!! Get ready
I'm so so excited to have time to do some cleaning tomorrow.
Conducting a successful training is both exhausting and invigorating. Reminds me of how much I love the classroom setting
RT : This is how you do it...
Has the '"Safety School" chant come out for #NU in the #TDGarden yet or do #BU fans only chant that?
Drafting a review for the Tron: Legacy soundtrack. This one's going to be epic.
Dear Twitter hivemind: Teaching ethics and looking for something by Malcolm X to teach alongside Letter from a Birmingham Jail. Suggestions?
Cool ideas about integrating ACRL Info Lit Standards into student project of creating viral video.
sex is my drug of choice, I'm prob gonna b a pornstar when I move to Cali.
True! I love their dining area & the market too. Good #food. Really petite & delicious breads. Also, #Wine is good!
Your food pics have been one of the joys of 2011. In LA 1/21-24. Let's EAT!!
Bad bitches they gon buss it wide open
Last call for Senior Ambassadors for our new class! Do you serve seniors and need help informing them about comm. resources? Let us know.
im going for some work convention at cowgirls meuseum, ill will back the like the 3rd week of june to visit:)
Auto Glass Experts offers mobile glass services for convenient auto glass repair. We will come to your home or office . 414-409-7263
Hello Cleveland! #FF Thank you! Good night!
the round one or the young one?
Liketacular! I'm not full-steam on marketing yet, press release/tweets/etc start tomorrow, me thinks. Follow:
I've been good thanks 4 asking
Oh Jackson Lears - poetic prose that ropes me in but takes 3 readings to fully understand/decide if I agree.
you guys can live with me if you want. beautiful view..cornfields for miles.
Working on production for "Chuck Shaffer Picture Show" al morning and now time to do some writing, Evan's mixin "A View from the East Coast"
HOMEWORK. I hate saying that because its almost the end of the year..
My insecurities could eat me alive...
Please tell me this isn't about the game. RT : Seriously?! I can't watch.
I had the gallery door open for a nice breeze and now I have flies. #}`@#$%##^?
Stop looking at her.
Brain Floss: Hippocrates recommended a mixture of salt, alum, and vinegar be used as a mouthwash.
I just got home, earlier today I cried in the morning when I woke up and in class at 10:14(':
#301999 I'm the.one in the.profile pic :) xox
So my iPad is dead and I got no charger hate it :(
I'd really appreciate it if you guys not steal my Halloween idea for this year.
Hope you made it home first. We did--barely!
Is Ian Somerhalder an actual man or is he CGI?
Someone told me i am immature and need to grow up. Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now ... 2 people follow me please (:
..what if, a group of people who kinda lived together, worked on the computer night and day..what if for shits & giggles, they picked on
So I'm guessing you charged your phone. :)
Hi Choclate-I'm going to listen to the interview while I kick my feet up and drink my Tim Horton's coffee! :)
I'm finally going home!
Right, that's the point of my post - everyone's numbers are different and there's no right or wrong amount.
Totally awake. And I took melatonin about 5 hours ago.
does anyone think imma slut? even tho i nvr had a bf yet
U don't love some 1 cuz they r pretty in the outside only, u also have to love them cuz of the inside. Prettiness could deceive.
I swear you always have to give nigglins that 30 minute grace period before the clock starts..I'll be there in 5 means 35. Gotdayum!!!
you two win the internet.
For a young, nerdy Jewish kid, no one was cooler than the Beastie Boys.
nice. Well my birthday is monday n if Ku wins on Saturday they will be playing then so im sure u guys would come to Lawrence
My showcase is done and tonight and I are going to a post Grammy party
Hey, are you the famous Matt from the article?
Rain will diminish overnight. Don't be surprised if some snow mixes in. Temps will be running right at freezing. Sunny and 50 tomorrow.
it's all about who you know and a little bit of what you know. use to meet awesome people
Looking forward to seeing Julia Alvarez speak this weekend. I've heard from many that she's very inspiring.
Damn son dragon ball Z kai
Happy 1 Year, I may not be apart of the ICONiac fanbase anymore but forever an ICONiac at heart love you boyz xo
wondering if I should really get involved with twitter...
Good news for #MLS fans from Serie A. Inter lose again. No wins in last 5: Forlan, Sneijder, Cordoba, Stankovic that much closer to MLS.
Whirlwind couple of weeks. Still completely bummed that my crappy wifi connection ruined shabbat
RT : Just purchased Touch, best 99cents I've ever spent and the cheapest valentines day gift to myself!
just joking
so i was at my friends birthday party yesterday and all of my "friends" were makeing fun of me bc im not like them ands makeing things up!!!
lets follow peoma peoples! :) :) !!
RT : RT FLASH -- LOS ANGELES -- "KING OF POP" MICHAEL JACKSON HAS DIED.
I'm getting real league pass. Considering the iPhone LP.
So there is this girl....
I'm up until the elevater. Pounds !
While Botanas warmed-up leftovers at home are good; the food is much better here!
Life... Love... Wine
Thank you! And thanks for the cookies!
"Courage is very important. Like a muscle it is strengthened by use." Actress, Ruth Gordon. Today do something courageous!
it means Journey ROCKS! (and you're old?)...
I love sharing a birthday with President Reagan.
youve never been a true friend , now im in tears .
a boxing workout dvd
please ive been trying for forever please for my daughters :-)
I follow feeds on politics, writing, and travel, yet Snoop Doog keeps showing up at the top of Twitter's recommendations for me. Curious.
If I find a super soaker in your house, I will guerrilla attack you with it.
team #meatballs :)
Cosign RT : YES
Hey how r u? how was surfing?
Hey, is the What's on the Menu source code open for other projects to use?
When your hand hurts because you wrote two pages front and back in 30 minutes
When I became a grown up, I put childish ways behind me. Which means I still do very silly things. I just get to swear more while doing them
lol a little late on the comeback
The more cars bursting into flame, the better
Wow, without even realizing what I was saying, I said "Halluuurr" at the McDonalds drive-thru... Lmao.
love you!
Love your avatar! Welcome to the twitterverse :-)
Walk with those seeking truth, RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEY<U+0092>VE FOUND IT.
Wonder if 2-3 diff initiatives helps or hurts the cause?
you're welcome JOOOOOEEEEYYYY!!! <33333 I hope Robert pinched you like I asked him to. hahaha! :D
no surprise... Been hearing a lot about his round about deals and limited partnerships for a while now...
I need to login?
Stunned to drive behind a car on my way to work with a license plate about stamping and a window sticker of a single lady and two cats.
I am looking for a Contract PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER within the medical device industry near Cleveland, OH. Please send resumes to jba…
Join us after work for the #Blackhawks Game 6 at 8 p.m. $15 You call it Domestic Buckets.
I'm in #a204 Matching Books & Communities.
tonight at 10pm Orpheus Roy and Old Milwaukee will be funny. Orpheus will be improvising off of somebodys date story.
To Whom it may concern. If you are one of many who are already passing the trees around. . Hit da weed for me.
Come to our next outing and I'll buy your first drink, or appetizer for being #99. How's that?
My friend's bf is getting a tattoo... I really wanna get one!
DO IT!
Serving $5 draft and bottled beers!
's live band is like the Dream Theater of Synthpop. Completely blown away by the "Live in LA" DVD.
ICONic Boyz next week !! Can't wait <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I need more description :-) What did it have on it?
I'm so mad right now. I want to cry!!
Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas.. ...I woke up in a box.
“: Short people have fewer back problems than tall people do.” that can't even be possible.
Not happy. Why is Dyson's lips are that other woman!!!
They checkn id's at bdubs like we tryna get in the club
RT : Tonight in los angeles: Hosting a reading featuring the celebrated you want to be there. dm me & you can be.
mashes one and brings Scutaro home! DO WORK DEX!!!
that looks interesting? what exactly is this? assuming its a race-track model with remote controlled cars ?!?
Yo how do I stop whateva it is makin me follow random ppl??? This sum bullshiit.
Gotcha RT : DM me ya contacts lets get something Jumping!
especially when they are as boring as
Now on tap: Censored & Luck 13, Ovila, Grand Saison, Julian Hard Cider & more! #Craft Beer
In NOLA for French Quarter Fest. Should be a great time.
Why was the #painter afraid? He was yellow!
Hi Steve! Please do. . Look forawrd to hearing from you!
Getting ready to get my Hawkeye on
I saw you like the Hobbit. They're also filiming the Runelords film, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
"WHY DIDN'T I DRINK MORE WATER BEFORE BED"-something that sounds weird to moan out of context
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Once you truly *know* something, you cannot un-know it -- one of life's best lessons!
<3 chicago phoenix
I think Kony is for Oil and Gold.
Gotta go eat
Who looks after the EuroDisney website?Mick e-mouse.
Fukn and shittin are the best things
Mills also wrote book on WLBT case--in my #dissertation. [-]
wanted 2 thank the new followers man, I appreciate ya'll. I gotta go... Gotta do wut I gotta do , Unity peace and love to all of you
Despite strong political opinions, I promise to NOT tweet about #politics, cause that's NOT why you're following me.
#NowPlaying sonatas, symphonys, and concertos by greats like Chopin, Beethoven, Vivaldi, & Bach.
Apple's Steve Jobs Gets His Day
Deleted your comment on Wikipedia because "emergency vehicle" is not neutral.
For once #futsa left me alone but they're currently feeling up my wife.
No and this article is shallow Would Jesse Jackson Have Been a Better Black President than Obama?
hey sweetie how your. Day
...I'm all ova your girl like moisteriser...beware
he's brought his disappearing act overseas, eh?
real sour diesel smell like fresh laundry swear
Will there be a press tent/area?
They were great! It was awesome to be surrounded by so many talented people in the industry!
you saw the video too?
"My Week with Marilyn" good & sad :-(
I have the best friends ever, they spoil me way to much. (:
Who makes the necklace you're wearing today on the ? I love and need it!
it's standard. Went with Kevin smith.
<---- this genius spent about 10 mins after work looking for his coché, cuz he forgot where he parked -_-
RT : Top 10 Highly-Desired Skills You Can Teach Yourself - On countless occasions, you've likely said to yourself "I wish......
as a rare person whose sports opinion I respect, what would you have liked the Dolphins to have done?
thanks for the follow, let me know if I can ever be of help to you.
IMDb Bacon Number: 2 Eric Naroyan was in Somewhere (2010) with Susanna Musotto...who was in Frost/Nixon (2008) with Kevin Bacon.
Come to Fat Fancy if you still need something stunning for the Red Dress Party! We have a variety of styles and sizes!
Fieldwork and Social Enterprise: Reducing Poverty in Charlottesville class final presentations at
I shoulda done the same.
Oh no, we're investigating. Forgive us for the glitch. Send us details:
RT : When in a relationship if a #pisces cant have all of you then a #pisces wants none of you
I think the line "I know an underground clinic" has been in each of the 5 Johnnie To movies I've watched so far.
follow me(: love you and your mate cody simpson!!!!!
Wow, what a great story! Thanks for the link -- and how cool that your friend was involved!
happens often
idk, maybe. I mean I like doing vox for BTTP but On Track is a project you made with McKinney and those guys.
Well so much for this year. Not sure why you hold the ball all day against cleveland and take a hit like that
put them on blast... post a video and maybe send it to ??
AMPmilwaukee's producer, Tony Schueller has over 10 years of experience in all facets of the music production industry.
Good morning everybody, may you all Be Blessed!!!
pound cake
apparently hacked. EMP loves you!
Oh hey
As a Thank you for tweeting with us Please Enjoy a gift of Free Shipping & 10% OFF ALL Dan Balk Jewelry. Go to www.SingingStoneOnline.Com.
Absolutely. I remember seeing this in the theater and wanting to "grow up" to be a pilot. Loved Louis Gossett Jr. in it.
#TheNextStupidRealityTVShow "Real House Cats of New York."
I want to - private tweet me your
DaReal_DjKenzo is my nameon the ps3 hit me up on black ops
yes. love it
M-Geough is joining & over 1000 cities in 40 countries around the globe to celebrate World Car-Free now through September 24 2011.
good morning marianne you guys are awesome this morning ;)
Ravens have to get some type of drive here. Key early possession.
And Baseball Jesus nails Pedroia.
I know right! Trying to get mentally prepared for today
please check out my site. I would love to consider a collaboration. W.theadvocator.org
Apologies for the tardiness of our MIAMI WMC photos on ClubDistrict... Our photographer returned very sick so we must wait )=
Oh hey, thanks to for being my 200th follower!
"We have 11 minutes until we're interrupted" during #awarenessinc chat
Can't listen with people in the office, but will try to check it out around lunch.
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo I love my phone
@ the Library: hey loser parent, don't yell at your preschooler for falling down the stairs when you weren't even in the room.
sista, i am leaving for NYC! I will be back next week! Catch up then??
I choked a bit on that one
Think i'm about to invest in a phone and get my number changed.
I'm loving this new song, 'Daughters.' This is why he's in my top three of favorite lyricists. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
about time ! No more blackberry !
i just wanna go to my apt & make fancy meals all day long with all my colanders & slotted spoons & thingies!!!
Just about every great, brave or beautiful thing in our culture was created by someone who didn't do it for money. - Seth Godin
Back of earring flew off somewhere in first flight. Temporary replacement: tiny piece of gum.
Back in SAT! Long couple of days, but I'm strangely productive on planes. Maybe it's the weird looks I get using VIM.
Galaxy excited to finally get their man in Ireland's Keane
- sounds good. I've got my nose buried in a keying schedule right now. Would love to do it again.
Slow and steady wins this race.
I, too, am so thankful for all has done for and You are amazing!
Thanks to #Disney for playing in our sandbox!
Bullseye - more prudent competitors would sort it out real quicklike
I need a case for my basket...
Commissioners also seem to be looking for room for continuing ed, training opportunities from
I'm for real that sounded so relaxing
I plan on having 7 days of sex with
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Tom Russell's MESABI has songs about Bobby Driscoll, Sterling Hayden, James Dean, Liz Taylor, movie-going in general, and...
At some point, I should watch the last season of True Blood so I'll be up to date before the new season starts.
looking forward to my "Cinco de Mayo" date with Christopher Darnyl Lemon tomorrow! 2 of my favorite things...Christopher & Mexican food!
so much scraping.
you should take a photo of yourself in the closet with a sign that says "please help" :)
heed my advice: if u want to win this thing choose as your running mate. This time, it will work.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is boarding a train from Pittsburgh to Washington DC. The trip is going to be twelve hours long!
Yes I do
Someones In Love c;
Nothing like a lunch break
The answer to our #hunt question will be found on , you can win deliciousness.
“: who wants to come over and watch the coachella live feed pretending we're there? #wishfulthinking” fuck yes.
when they say "I could die" I'm like "you're at the wrong place this isn't the ER"
Well it is time to hit the road and go finish what I started! O what fun today will be. Transmission is just about in ~
Our side project was just offered a solo gallery show.
We're so dysfunctional. It's pretty beautiful.
Yes. Do please submit. Coordinators do take a broad view of "early".
The Villa-Lobos Bachianas w/flute and Poulenc Sonata w/clarinet are lots of fun to play.
Sore throat. Doesn't mean I can't get a message across! Art schooling like I was born this may.
All that, plus they're pro-eliminating domestic social programs and foreign aid for the billions born into poverty.
WHAT? Double date with The Rogers?
i dontknow:(i still have to keep taking the battery out, i think its just cos the battery's been used so much, i want an iphone
Fun to follow another Adrienne! Love your mix of business drive with fun and family time!
Thanks! Good to be back!
The #NYPL catalog and website will be unavailable from 11:10 PM (EST) Thursday, November 10th until Friday 3:00 AM (EST) for...
pretty sure he's Brazilian
crazy madden game. yet again, I came out on top
for me ATLiens was called the "naked lady cd" between me and my brother. I never let my parents see it lol.
Carl White from Central went to Illinois-Chicago. Benny Valentine to juco, then TTech.
lol oh thanks love!!
Loving being Full of the Holy Spirit. Dwelling in unity. Nothing better.
So cuffing season is really I can't count on my hand how many of my friends are now in a relationship
Also got this feedback from a Zebra I train... ": Thanks to I'm wearing shirt with horizontal stripes."
Watching Lenox Macy's fireworks from balcony
If you are a Liza Minelli fan, tune into my radio show, Question Reality, Sunday, January 31 @ 5:00 PM (PST), channel 1, www.latalkradio.com
Ok, I've paid my respects & it's Sunday, so, I'll refrain from freaktweets until later. So, later it is...
is wondering how he's supposed to get any work done with so much funny in the world.
I'm great just rehearsing my life away right now for these shows... Is all.... How are you
Our snow seems to be attracting lots of attention. Just did phone interview for Oklahoma City and live shot for Weather Channel.
ehhhh, if we go to that extent I might cry.
Shocked. Someone broke out from the pack!
Something very cool about seeing planes flying over Wright Bros memorial ... Great symbol of American spirit!
updating calendar
about to clean the crib then go change the oil on the q
In short, asking questions, providing useful answers, and implementing them requires changing process not only improving tools.
Stay tuned for new music for a movie project... New R&B project... New Jazz project... And hitting' the road!
Robinson Crusoe, the first capitalist hero, just to say Carlos Fuentes.
Republican businessman Alex Cranberg, a big funder of scholarships, now testifying in favor of ASSET.
RT “ I wanna go for a walk in the park!!”
u bout to graduate tho so don't trip
Wish I had time to make an nfl draft big board. a few prospects i'm loving and a few that are ridiculously high.
haha i still miss you as my teacher! way better than these asshole professors
A heart attack at 36 sometimes begins with the sentence "Your AutoCAD files cannot be found."
Well, I do: "Poly" meaning "many" and "ticks" meaning "bloodsucking insects".
thanks! The run felt good. Not fast, just good.
Had 3 black girls threaten to beat up my coworker and I because of a store policy. Just another day at
No one is going to love you if you don't love yourself. Show Picture
Any #dog lovers out there? Tell me your training tips, best priced stores for supplies, tips for a 1st time owner. #CairnTerrierMix Thx!!
I have been so excited about #frozenplanet but finding out that narrates made it 1000% better.
": your Dr.J mug will be mine!" I think that belongs to
Do we need "better" inclusive, objective news resources?
Mourning the loss of John Hughes. He helped define my generation; his contributions to pop culture enhanced the memories of our youth.
#ThankaYouthWorkerDay Natl Youth Transitions Center & #mentalhealth professionals helping youth in transition
I just earned the Carrot Top badge on #Yelp!
I had so much fun at that church !!!
lmao that's the worst thing about your dilemma
TIP: Never buy in for more then you can afford to lose. Scared money dont make money is true. Money you need should never be on the table.
hey, businesses! bad communication sours the good feelings I have about you, while good communication makes me want to love you in writing.
Food Fact of the Day: Feb 28, 2006 Chicago's oldest restaurant, the 107 year old Berghoff Restaurant closed today.
The stream will be offline this evening for server maintanence. We will be back online by 6am EDT. Thanks. - The Engineers of WSUPFL
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits you from discriminating in hiring
very true...didn't realize I was following negative folks until last couple of days.
Friends in DC? Send them to the LOC to hear Roberta Stevens speak about her tenure as ALA president at 4 pm today.
I'm feeling great this week!! Things are falling nicely into place :)
If the double firing is Lisa & Aubrey let me know so I can watch the show again!
thank you!
hahaha LOVE it! Hope you made your way over and tried one! So yum.
They do that every 2nd Sunday 10am.. food & money donations at anytime are appreciated .. esp at Cre3sol's open mic
We will be closed until noon today and may remain closed for the entire day. Sorry for any inconvenience.
THANK YOU for the FF! I hope that your weekend isEPIC! XO J
hope you save one of those bobbleheads for an old friend.
When you have a salad, don't add dressing, croutons etc. it totally ruins the point of being healthy! Make your own vinaigrette instead!
Merry Christmas all! Hope everyone is having a great day! Xx
im sittin in the bed bored with nothin to do?? Ugh..some one needs to save me.
Ok, it's decided, I'll be headed to Johnnie To's romantic comedy "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" at 7:30...tomorrow is a wild card yet.
So freaking hungry! But I'm going to starve myself for a couple more hours. Food disappears in under 10 minutes.. not a pretty sight! lol
Brady is riding her unicorn with a bold claim that the Rose Quarter will be the "most vibrant" part of Portland
Beaming Stars Community Center is Wishing you and your family a joyous Christmas and a blessed prosperous New Year!
Yu gave me a answer by not responding!!
White hot tilt 2 nights in a row in large part to evil game of 08. Keyboard is very resilient to smashing tho
How in the world did Saved By the Bell make it past season two? It is like pure garbage. Just a
Agreed!!! “: God I hate #boston. #letsgoyankees #Yankees”
o I've been contemplating that lately too, what shade?
Just did a Neti pot for the first time. Holy crap that is weird but my nose feels clearer. Let's see if I can get used to using it.
To think that #BarkWorld was started because of the #pawpawty revolution and to now see pawpawty go silent is very much a sad day.
I want Bosh to comeback so ya can lose with the bitch niggas playing.
There are other ways (besides card counting) that you can get an edge in #blackjack. Would you like to know more?
Thanks kindly to for the #ff!
I press "send" on mine and the entire file goes straight to Word. Also, the batteries last forever.
: I ask myself.. The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom.. Has everyone forgotten? I doubt either candidate prays!
it was glorious...
quit eating people and come to bed
I have no patience for people anymore, just shut up and go home.
Page 38 of 366 how is this book for dummies?
lot's of levers to increase density of flash storage, performance of flash SolidFire
With or without bacon? RT : I declare this "Give Up And Go Eat Deep-Fried Macaroni-And-Cheese" Day.
I don't think I can RT you enough. We're dealing with the same librarians vs. users issue with our site.
Any families planning on seeing Disney On Ice-Toy Story 3? The dates are December 8-11 and tickets go on-sale tomorrow at 10am!
Help I have not been to a fast food join in over a week and have played basketball and went swimming almost everyday...
Yum. Just tried a Skinny Water Acai Grape BlueBerry. Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...it I'm extra tweetu upi
It feels like Friday but it's only thrusday.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Where at buddy?
im still in bed
Don't feel like sleeping at all..
thanks ho! It probably looked like crap the rest of the day...but whatevs....
Just now recovering from being out of the office for ALA...working on a one-pager about the life-cycle of published reports...
Gettin ready for Curvy Girl Radio in one hour! Tune in and hear all about !
I guess I'll go to bed now
that's cool, I Iike twitter too :) Nice to meet you!
thanks for the @ I look forward to looking at your type content
i CANNOT WAIT!
Glad to hear that! Let me know whenever you stop by!
Great to meet you IRL as well!
If I sit on that couch, I won't get another thing done all night. Don't see a downside, really.
spewing acronyms and canned phrases about market trends is lazy and pompous... how about saying, "I don't know" - Curiosity = Learning
I've seen a lot of hockey games, but that Team USA vs Canada on Feb. 21st game was one of the greatest *ever*.
If you've ever been on the losing side of a 5-0 game the last thing you want to see is showing-off after a crap goal.
what genuinely sweet comments #TeriHatcher made about you in #PeopleMagazine!
Tune into Fox59 today at 5 p.m., the wonderful is going to be discussing Bottoms Up Beer!
thank u for ur help 2day! very much appreciated :)
I'm on right now!! But you didn't accept yet! Lol whenever you're on Skype send me an IM on there! [x<3
#AustinIsOurWorld even though he isnt doing an #AUSTREAM he is still the same as before<3
And once again listening to "Some Beach" while contemplating a new job. It's gotta be some kind of a record.
I keep handing out maps and finding them in the trash. (growl)
I'd rather attack the lakefront with you guys tonite but stuck grading papers. Have fun! Almost there- 10.10.10!
Lord, I thank you for supplying all my needs; For opening my eyes to things, I didn't even know I needed!
tht moment when u sleep thru dinner so u have to make ur own then ur mom comes downstairs nd tells you that ur plate was in the microwave..
Félicitations! We can't wait to welcome you in NYC for the finals!
you should scratch that or someone. Get a infection or something, what?
Playing all of your favorite NIRVANA's songs for you...No more suffering, no more stressing, you're in a better place..R.I.P.
i hate talking on the phone, but i like talking on the phone with mikael, i never want to get off of the phone actually.
You dont need to be upgraded to get the free Panda chicken though, just go to thier facebook, enjoy!
back from rolloersakting with
Can you say ass on Twitter :) ? RT - When the are bad, they sure don't half-ass it...
I can't sleep without his hoodie even though it doesn't smell like him anymore.
Gotta end this class strong..were doing a project with a tribute. To who though?
yeah..that is my worry too... i cant image JAMC and elvis costello playing the weekend.
The whole time I bit my tongue, looked down, took notes. Forced them to talk to each other, have eye contact w/ each other.
REMINDER! This weekend, we'll be at the Tacoma Remodeling Expo at the Tacoma Convention Center! Today through Sunday!
Recording the game, I knew when my cell was blowing up when we were down 12 with 5 min left in the 3rd that one of two things had happened:
i hope you're right.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS APPEARANCE PROPORTION? HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
hahaha thank you!
I swear every person who has one at MT never stops wearing it. I just smh. RT : Jean jackets are cool again?
The real housewives of disney was so funny!
: I love to work at nothing all day.
I don't know who these announcers on WGN radio are... But they don't compare to John Wiedeman and Troy Murray
8 new inches as of last night?? I'll take it.
Agree on grassroots, that's #wesley style for sure. Are we willing to do that & willing?
- Welcome Brian! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
what does the status "manufactured" mean?
USPS has a line even before they open. ughh!
thought of you while we ate salt lick tonight. Wudda taken a photo but in rush to EAT DEliciousMess 4got device.
No....This is girl is hardcore. She's a personal trainer now..
I need some sexy ladies to appear in a music video being shot TODAY!!! If your interested hit me back asap for casting details!!
Tonight I wanna cry
oh yeah I just didn't know what you were talking about Lol
I will be singing tomorrow night at the Backstage Bar following Roger Humphries RH Factor! We play from 8:00-11:00pm...hope to see you!
MCHammer! You R Awesome! Ur cool w/ everybody, sent u a download code 4 all of my songs on Digstation! Hve a beautiful/blessed wk
This will be the 15th Annual Race for Hope! How many years have you participated?
Do I swim or not?
Yes! Thank you-that is PIXEL-MICRO Multi....the original is hanging in a Memphis gallery now.
Wow, that's one of the best ones I've seen. A lot of the other ones are really bad (no offense lol)
Ya think D is jealous? Like, why cant it be the ABCD's? I spose then E would be upset. At least D gets to be associated with big breasts.
i dont even care foreal its really over nothing you startin to sound lame....stop sub tweetin
My students took the no-dialogue radio stories they wrote yesterday, and recorded them today in GarageBand with sound effects and music.
im tired of oakland being looked at as a joke
Text You the one thing you want to change in 2012
Ah, but alas, no one ever sees what is under the robe.
It shouldn't. He shot and killed an unarmed kid. At the very least this trial should happen and he should've been arrested.
Just changed a setting within my favorite tab in RightNow CX: "Admin Admin."
New Years party tonight at the space. BYOB, fireworks watching from roof. A number to call will be left on the front door. All welcome.
The day of releases: Peyton Manning and the new iPad. Coincidence?
RT if you have any kind of Angry Birds for iPhone, iPod touch, Android, or Google Chrome!!
I wish dogs could talk for one day
I scream! You scream! We all scream for ice cream!!
Unbeatable Price Sale will be available for 2 more days!!!!! Hurry and catch these amazing deals!! :) Up to 70% off on select items!!
truer words have never been spoken.
is hosting a twitter chat right now with on how #nonprofits can use
I hate going to bed but I love being asleep.
aw Paolo. I've seen him :) And I already have a staple gun.
Of course...Favre's name is mentioned.
thanks for the follow and hello from CA.
Wow. Lots of sugar highs and probably some tummy aches after watching the Pack's America's Game. Bring on the new season!
I'm in if they are
Rise n' shine folks!
Way to play UK..its miller time....
Absolute torture, I'm at an 18th and I can't even drink so Joanne and I have to go into the bathroom and down miniatures hahaha
that's the worst part. I despise fake reality shows.
Wuddup Mr for certain
guess i'm just gonna have to compliment your eating again
We LIVE 2Day 6 PM wit www.Microphonebully.com
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
and that they did. Their forecheck was too much. They didn't let the Flyers get any rhythm the entire game.
I don't have anymore!
"We expect more from technology, less from one another. Technologies provide illusion of companionship without the demands of relationship."
#Ali, A Sultan in Palermo (Islamic Quintet #4) Life of cartographer al-Idrisi, his lovers, Sicilian Christian Sultan Roger, 12th c. politics
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Teacher Appreciation week! If you can read this tweet, you should probably
": "If I got a swing, I've got a shot." - Another great quote by Bubba. #genuinedude". What a great story!
I don't think it's that's small..for black churches a represents an attack on a institution considered sacred.
Hope you're doing okay! I'll put myself on bed rest tomorrow as a show of support. :)
o lil wayne when HAM on why stop now remix lol
I'm giving up twitter for lent.. lets see how long this lasts..
Alyssa is fine! And Ochocinco tweets to goddamn much.
Can't believe INSTAGRAM sold-out to #FACEBOOK! If I was INSTAGRAM, I would of partnered with #TWITTER since everyone is switching over. SMH
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs The NFC east was really up for grabs this season
Rehearsals are officially underway for Show Choir at A.C.T. - San Fran! Whoo-hoo!
Key to the remainder of the series, STAY OUT OF THE PENALTY BOX! Flyers have 0 even strength goals in past 2 games!
Is it just me or have chipotle prices gone up?
Hope you are having an absolutely #wonderful Wednesday morning!
Old man walks into rite aid, took newspaper, finished sudoku in under 1 minute (presumably wrong?), threw it away and left
Been away for a while... I'll catch up with all later tonight.
"You're right about there being no wind. The blossoms are just comin' down by theirselves. Just their time to, I reckon." GETS ME EVERY TIME
the law of recirpocity - give unto others or do for others and that will be given or done for you. Most fail to apply this due to patience
you win some and lose some.
HA! Touche, sir. Touche. And I didn't even know about my secret adopted sibling! That's how slutty my mom is.
Do you guys offer integration?
Thanks for spreading the word! We had a great turnout! Lots of pretty signs made for #marathon runners! cc
#sometimesyouhaveto make hard decisions in your life whether you want to or not.
haha! It's fine I do the same thing! Since that twitcam b/c Niall was in it, everyone started freaking out b/c of NIALL.
About to rock some Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword!!
he is a great kid. Our good luck charm!
Note to self: don't hold key in right hand and wipe hair out of face with said hand...you will end up poking yourself in the eye.
He showed up once, but was dissatisfied that there was no actual SHIT at the party, just bad movies!
Lakers Lost....that's all I'm saying I won't talk shit tonight lol
I've become a low key Washington Nationals fans. Some of my fellow dodger fans annoy me, which has made me follow a different team.
Girls love kickball.
yea i read them last summer..ahh I thought they were alright haha..the second book was my fav
Looks like we've got some boomers coming
Omg my bro is going somewhere again and he won't tell me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> tell me!!! I know your not really going to the hospital!
JD's got a game tonight, so if I can make it I will. Anyway - I always bring bad luck!
Hopping over to #Banshee from iTunes took five minutes, but I've spent 4 days cleaning up the hidden tag & directory mess iTunes left.
Anymore followers?
I'm watching videos from Columbus &you can hear me &my friends singing almost over you guys. Didnt realize we were that loud. lol
thank you! (via )- thank you guys for makin' it happen!
CARAMEL SKIN, LONG HAIR, THICK ASS
please ... just grow some balls and say it to my face . i would be more than glad to finish your ass off .
I love it when you call me big poppa.
bout to start usin twitter #networktime !!!!
Actually loving ALL of 's posts.. Time to hit the stores and farmers market, the asparagus looks divine!
Federal gov't building a #moon colony? Sounds socialist. Leave it to private sector. With tax incentives, of course.
- I love you!
Time for Games and the Literature Classroom
All things education & employment...COX Media fair - tomorrow at the Science Museum. Join us! , ,
my first real question! customer looking for books about the artist Every Langston. Yes, that's apparently the real first name. no luck.
Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes. - Confucius
Can't wait for tomorrow and to see her face!
i can't get over my life.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top. ~ Napoleon Hill
Penelope's dress. And haircut. Beautiful.
can you syringe out the Cadbury filling, eat that, them refill the egg with pudding and eat it? I would respect that - DvL
who has the greatest football team of all time that should be playing lsu in the title game?
Thanks for the follow Tabitha!
Agree. But I'M the one telling people to quit making future guarantees based on past performance of #15 &
It's true! They're the best!
The new album from our friend and client is #8 at iTunes, and our buddy is at #12 and climbing. Go support them both!
What does one do to prepare for a dissertation defense? Anything? , , , , , vets?
Shower, then bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Love my 2 boys, Frazier and Rex. They are the best dogs!!
hahaha I'm just happy she didn't get molested by that comedian guy haha
TGIF and we have the delicious lunch you want! Stop by B for one of our Turkey Scallopini's or B Veggie Burgers!
Whatever my dad got her the IPad 3
Need three female models for a project today. Anyone interested hmu..
OMG I WANT A NEW CAR
93 on my essay! Ah like a boss!
I just completed a 3.00 mi run with a 25:18 pace using Check out my route! soc.li/Klm226E
Gotta love this officiating!!
clearly I'm no where near as smart as a 12 year old-um, unless irk means irresistibly real keen, I'm clueless :(
hahahaha no problem:)
I'm going to get my very 1st one next month..I think!! *a little nervous* lol
hahah (: Yeah As cute as Mr.Mays ??
I think both of you should follow me.. no? alright then.. #loveyou. x
Making a book. Yes a book.
good luck.
Did we really?! OMG Sorry! I forgot like everyone i used to talk to! i'm never on cause of school! :(
How do who know who RT'S you tweets??
Thank you to everyone who attended to our 1 year anniversary event and celebrated with us this small but significant milestone! Cheers!
sure, followed! Now follow back:)
it seriously is! We gotta keep in touch. Bros literally all high school year.
yea for sure
love these people on who are moving to Europe but want a place to live like America. Stay in America then!
ok call me when you get a minute.
merry everyone
Join us this Saturday as we tailgate with Hoots to cheer on the against Tulsa! We get started at 4
The #Bucks are making it happen!!!!
good stuff!
College Football Prediction Late Game: LSU @ Alabama; Alabama -5 and the over 41.5
could you send me a hi-res photo?
More awesome peeps!
that best-knicks brawl a decade back? Like 6 suspensions, right?
GOT A ONE DIRECTION CD I AM TO HAPPPYY.... <3 I LOVE THE EASTER BUNNY (:
Holiday #security tips and more, in a new Q&A with Arlington's bit.ly/sX6A84
Why clean up CeCe's last name? It's "Peniston."
thanking u for sending over detailed document. howev, looks like client will pass at this time :( Will email u details this week
beauty seems to be a moment of a work in progress
That patty melt at 1am last night was 100% unnecessary.
hey no cheating allowed lol who u got in the jon jones vs Rashad fight I hope rashad wips his ass but I doubt he will
OK, was pretty good. What is it about football players and dancing?
Don't act like its you against the world if its really just you against yourself.
I'm going dollar bowling tonight at 9. Hit me up if you wanna join
No worries re: email :) and I'm *definitely* going to get to a conference soon!
watching your bids over and over lol!! too funny!!
Stop in and get your favorite holiday books & movies from your library! We'll be closed Fri., Dec. 23 thru Mon., Dec. 26.
I have hardcore strep throat. It better go away by Wednesday so I can see
Life is unpredictable. And there’s a big difference between being scared and being prepared. Always be prepared.
I think I know him I talked to him a couple times
Its Thursday OMG only 12 more school days and then off to the beach and lots of other places <3
Best first line of story EVER: Sean Bean from Thrones was arrested. says: "Winter is coming... And so are the police."
We just ordered 2 Replicators for our new Making the Future program! So excited to 3D print!
I'm going to ask my dad if I can go see my real grandma this summer she's from Texas I really look like her I just want to see her before sh
The more I think about it (which is a lot, BTW), the more I appreciate the distinction between "blog" and "writing" on 's new site.
They killed it<3
the documentary is being shown with the hope it will strengthen muslim-jewish relations. check out the film for yourself at
I wish she would come do I can take a nap... Or Lauren take a nap with me
hi chris, we'd like to talk to u abt our startup that is helping local businesses in 5 cities with 800 merchants.check email :)
Post photos of some of the origami creatures!
Cutest lesbian couple outside my laundromat right now. Don't get to see that too often in the Burgh
So jeally...see anything for me?
Looking for info/personal experiences on how Service Animals are regarded in other countries. Example - Dubai?. Let us know
you're just… fabulous! :) xo
lmao..I bet you do too. haha! Just relaxing tonight and following a few new friends. Shawn says hello.
I really need to find the #best #book I can to #selfstudy for Linux+ Some want #bling, I'm deep tech
I'm going to be strong for my mom because she needs me now more than ever. <3
My first time on I love it!
This is not very cheerful but we do assemble about 10,000 coffins a year and we save over $6000 by not buying them already assembled. [1944]
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
And... you get to see us at our best! Tuck your wings in! RT : Get ready Raleigh, I'm coming!!!
Great article on Olerud! Well done my friend.
If Lovin You Is Wrong..I Dont Wanna Be Right...Cause If Bein Right Means..Bein Without You Id Rather..Live A Wrongful Life..#LutherIngram!
it's not random. I'm in the ER (and have had to push that button. Twice. Dern coffee).
All bad bitches who prey on weak trick ass men will be punished by never being happy & never knowing or receiving respect
Oh ya I'll get you a life size one of me in my white lingerie haha. That's normal....
So excited to see you at the 1st Seattle Chocolate Tweetup:
Let's fight for ourselves, for each other, for him. Let's be blessed together...
knew you'd say that!!
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. - Amos Bronson Alcott
Wow...That's a channel-surfing "deep cut."
is watching a heavenly sunset from her front porch.
Nf the handsome ladies go follow him NOW or delete your account !
I #BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album ! Pick me if you choose randomly of course ;-) #feelthelove <3frGAJB
Just a heads up, all the flower named WIFI access points will be reset again after this session at
The quick text before the tunnel...
Uh oh--new page update today! at www.rocketrobinson.com
5 more days in Ohio then back to New York for the summer!
LADIES, some men love it when they woman tell them to pass the blunt & put it on 2 player
hii im here
not sure what's cooler. The skating or the shirt.
tryed to make mocha moo lattes.
"Cultivate only the #habits that you are willing should master you." Elbert Hubbard
Also, Shake Shack is the best restaurant I've eaten at since I moved here.
barbie-size? lol
The Ville pulled that shit out man, hell yea
dude, of course!
NFL's RedZone Network was actually influenced by Italian soccer version I believe. This AM proves it can work here
don't look now, but these M's are showing some fight...
- Nah, just to hike and camp for my bday.
That's what I do RT : That one person that always puts a smile on your face :-)
Be proactive and take ownership. We spend to much time blaming others for our mistakes and shortfalls and too less time working to correctin
sure, we can do that. Let me know the size and I can get you a price.
hey what's up?!
Keep me in mind. Somewhere down the road you might get lonely ...
Great school district that serves over 70% of students that speak a language other than English at Home. Great Supt!
Exactly. Don't they have a section just for grad students?
2seater sexy #mygirl would text me but shes right next to me(next to me) then i drop her off and gets some time alone then she call my fone
you have GOT to be kidding me!
hoping I get this new publicity gig... also, finishing up some work on Demetria Martinez's website.
I guess we can attribute that stroke of bad luck for the Cardinals and Tony LaRussa to Karma.
I have a hard enough time ordering a "Biggie" Fries I can't imagine who thought these names were a good idea
Everywhere we go.. People wanna know.who we are. So we tell them.. We are the Wizards...The might *&^%) wizards...
They took the same approach with Gmail. It started April 1, 2004 and people thought 2G email was a joke. (April Fools)
hm i really like them all equally (:
Does it look like I really give a fuck?
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
and then it gets worse..</3:c
RT I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
what is your favorite basketball team? :)
need any help with the move?
Happy Earth Day cuz bless. Hope your having
One of God's soldiers. Angelo. Go with God.
let's do it!
wow very nice, like !
you name when and where and im there!
LOL! RT : Sleeping pills? Who needs those? We've got PowerPoint.
Don't take anything for granted
thx, Bill! I'm also geeking out ovr the fact that Julie Andrews is going 2 B thr. I might burst in2 "Climb Every Mountain"! :)
What does a barback do? had it right when they said “Everything.”
you're nasty... You def changed it from my cute baby elephant background
great job man
omg okay..lol and you know me Markie(;
Oh yes! Can't wait. Finally a normal week haha
did u get any new followers from yesterday? :)
"beez in the trap" by nicki minaj ft. 2chainz is such a fucking terrible song omg
When is Mickey Mouse’s birthday? The first correct tweet wins a pair of tickets to the November 13 performance of 42Five....
That's basically the worst concept I've ever heard.
she is right? i always eat and do homework with michael
Rendón: Sentipensante pedagogy is a vision for education that combines emotion, introspection with outward action, service.
negative nancy.
iight do that !
#teamfollowback show me love & help me get more followers :o) i follow back !
Guns don't kill people, dads with pretty daughters do
Lawyers didn't seriously get involved in the Watergate stories until quite late, when we realized we were on to something.
Delta is a life runner.
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & more on 4/11!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Check Me Out!
The internet has made it to where anybody can "ACT" LIKE A (RAPPER) anybody can buy "YOU TUBE VIEWS" to trick the the people...
who was it?
Gonna stalk you now! :D
“ Nicki Minaj without crazy hair?” << or her fake ass!
No dark alcohol tonight. AMF's and tequila all night!!! Lol
Steve Austin is starring in a musical. I don't know what to say...
your tweets inspire me(: I think your goal has been made<3 Please follow me!
If I could only hear and not see him I would swear the guy at the next table was Tim Ireland following me to DC!
RT : Adam Yauch marched w/ us in Nov. over the Brooklyn Bridge. A visionary artist who never lost sight of his community.
If loving you burned calories, I'd be a supermodel.
love you to! :)
Did you know that the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria. They are not sure why but they think its in the yams!
Oy Ve Holy Cow OMG WOW!
"well, people shole dying, chil'" - my aunt
If the first day of spring is as nice as this, it should be declared a free day, and we all get to leave work.
Had a really bad panic attack last nite. Woke up didnt know what happened nite b4. Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe.
It's crazy I'm tipsy right now and I got class in 7 hrs.....
N stl he don't even knw u n e more not like that n e way wish I would
I'm not as impertinent as some might assume. Don't dismiss me,
Watching the #SuperBowl in Panama makes for interesting local
BOILER UP!
donald trump - mac miller <3
Daylife Saturdays at The Fly -- COME GET WET with us!!!
I wanna be on cloud 9 right now
OH: "Don't throw me under the bus bc I will back it up and run over you." Um, how would u do that if you're under the bus dude?
Um, thanks for the link! So many good ones - are you going?
too funny!
Great production of A Little Night Music last night w ! See it before it closes in June.
Lucky Girl!
"Telephone" it 's least favorite song.
Jack says the folks using bags for dog poop give us the shaft twice because they leave the litter for us!
. pushed the Little Engine That Could up the mountain.
I knew it! lol Thanks for the love! Stop by with some of your friends to experience the tour again!
Wish this Houston/New Orleans game would end so I can watch the Vikings/Seattle game!
OMMGG Lemme explain something. There's no such thing as "swagger" Your either a good guy, or a player. GEEZZ got me tight.
When you make a birthday wish & it doesn't come true, you should be able to sue whoever made the faulty candles.
I asked at a RSPCA because then i am helping animals without a home, breaks my heart to see them lonely <3
You wear motherhood well. It was so nice to see you in full bloom on this season's TC.
the soul. Therefore, circumcision is superfluous. Looking ahead (see v. 21), Paul will go so far as to say that the law is dangerous, and
got an exam tommorow and idk if im prepared barely pay attention in class as it is...
This random guy at school was just like, "wow. you're beautiful." Made my day :)
good :) but why
I never watch anime but right now I'm watching an anime called Sgt Frog on Netflix and it's so strange that it's pretty hilarious
It's been a hot min since I been on here
Any chances on writing a book?
"Wait a minute Mr. Postman, Please don't fold the Photo Envel-ope e e..." C'mon dude....
Yes he is a beast! RT : Ray Lewis got me ready to tackle the 1st person I see!!! Dude is intense!
Happy Sunday, good afternoon! How is everyone?
definitely agree
Didn't win the lottery so eating a giant block of cheese to cheer myself up
thats ok I got zayn,Liam&Niall from one direction and Adam lavine there all my lovars Ive come 2 the conclusion I will miss u.
if the answer isn't "most of them" then this kid really needs to learn what it means to
thanks did you see big front page article in NYT today on #frontotemporal dementia?? Beautiful photo too
Follow Friday they are awesome!!! :)
We like positive discourse :) I'm just excited to see what it's all got in store. Productions lately are crazy.
we still have to go to a game together
If you can't be a poet, be the poem.
Least crowded Saturday at the highline ever
Any news story w word "typically" should immediately be shot down as utter crap. Happy Sunday! :)
I <3 Juliet Simms! I have her 'Oh Darlin' audition video
"One day three autumns" A Chinese idiom used when you miss someone so much, one day feels as long as three years.
it's interesting how subjects like war are male only when women had significant roles as well & yet we don't tell it
You don't want to miss this Sunday ! Worship, the Word, Baptisms, #Chapter2 pledges! I can't wait! Be there!
my opinion. Fri night MK. Sat afternoon MGM. Sat night EPCOT drink around the world (DATW)
Can't we just disappear and take our chances. All the teenager romances put our money where our mouth is.
If it made it here, then we didn't feel it. I was just curious (based on Dan's post) whether the tweets were faster than the quake
I believe it's July 2. You going to be around?
What's long and black and smells like shit? The welfare line.
Who wants to snuggle?
Don't u wish yo wish yo boyfriend was a G like me?
Ugh hurt my arm:/
On my way to our yacht in the Hamptons. You?
When they play hero/heroine in my school >
I am THAT kid in class tonight.
I have to stop smoking tho :( im on another job hunt
Ha! Im going to eat my oatmeal and green juice and be content lol
Come by and see us at NW VEGFEST this weekend for some tasty Blossoming Lotus Samples Yes, we will have our Live Fudge samples and much more
So who is coming down here for the super bowl?
SMH @ U Bro...(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" Seeking Progress Not Perfection While Walking By Faith Not By Sight)!!!
RT : 2:33pm my Dad, Dr. Stanley Ralph passed on. Thank you all for your blessed prayers. Amen.
I'm getting sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
keep in mind, I have been on scarborough's radio and tv shows several times and we have emailed each other quite a bit.
You already know!!
Kudos to and the #chicouncil on the reduction of business licenses to 47.
Thanks, Jason.
So you mean Las Vegas? Obvi.
of course mobile Ivy Bridge doesn't arrive until June so it's only the desktop space where this matters ATM.
: I'm turning into Alma scripture: wishing that I could say or do more than is allotted for the time.
Scraping and eating leftover brownie mix from the bowl!!
yea buddy! Well if you need any help, just ask. :)
On today's reading list: applied survival anlaysis, coarsened exact matching, & a book on parenting toddlers.
Attention: Fado affectionados! Fado comes to Carnegie Hall January 24th! Don't miss it...
Sumbody shuld go grab me ah blunt from da gstation I'm lazy rite now
milkshake + nyquil = new purple drank.
An additional barrier to #innovation is too much talk and too little action!
Im wit it just let me know
Head over to the online store and pick up a shirt and CD!!! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com We appreciate the support!!!
i got these diamonds on my neck got patron in my cup
People who may always have a smile on their face are the ones that suffer in silence the most.
AFL-CIOs Phil Neuenfeld tells Capitol rally caravans of supporters on way from PA, Ohio, NJ and NY.
Good morning, Ms. Day. *cocking a lopsided grin* Missing me, eh?
Hoping to go this time. Saw them on the Counterparts tour in the early 90's. Fantastic show!
oh man. you got it rough. no kids here tonight so I can swear.
Hi!! Can't complain here! How about you? How are things?
Happy Valentines Day! Have a great one! Just love no matter what day it is! In spanish its happy day of love and friendship!
OMG! IM HAVING WENDYS TO(: FOLLOW?(:
Coloring your hair at home? Dab your hairline with baby oil or Vasoline to prevent a stained hairline!
Don't you think that Facebook's new ad strategy is a brilliant play to drive more people (and money) to social...
My strategy? Walk behind tall people
I love you savior!
going to San Genero ?
First Noise Pop happy hour is tomorrow. Will I see you there?
If passion=impulse and there was no premeditation, then it makes sense. The risk of reoffending will likely be lower.
At least I'm seeing my babe tonight <3
We miss you on Austream! I've been watching old ones thinking how far we've come together. #mahomielove <3 Can't wait 4 music!
Thanks for the #ff! Enjoy your weekend, Dana.
Life is acceptable. Death is calm. It's the cross over which is bothersome.
Tonight's final work "For colored queer boys who considered giving up when giving themselves wasn't ever enuf" by Mark Brown II.
#WhyAreYou making me feel this way?
When your friends tell you how excited they are to hang out tonight...and they dont invite you...
Ack! I didn't. Loving Fab majorly though. Next time I stock up on Americana...What's the code &%off?
The state can control your behavior but it cant make you believe anything
Aw! A Cousin to Austin? :D
i love chocolate cookies <U+2665>
Well mentally I'm only at 24, so it all balances out :-P
follow me and I will dm an email to you.
Dude I fucking miss me some mizchief!
- Welcome! Thks for follow! My son came home from school today with torn clothes. Let's bring your message to his school!
just drenched me in sweat, I loved it.
we hope you're having an awesome Wednesday Jessica! :)
What's even funnier is the longer I stand here and watch the more pissed off his girlfriend gets! Buahahah! Jealousy is a mother fukr! Lmao!
that's a great idea. Btw. I think needs to follow you.
Every two months we log in & make a joke about the specific episode of Doctor Who we just watched. Why don't we have more followers?
i cant get it
My hair looks green aaahh lol
Why am I getting upset...when you are in a committed relationship...you are not mines...someone should slap me
Prepare to be blown away!!!
haha. Never again!
I would txt to the Red Cross the $10 if the $$ actually went to Haiti. They will not send all the money collected to Haiti. Same Ole story.
... and learn to interpret texts (mostly from humanists)!
headed to get the trailer to get in the road to Haubstadt!
haha only you. I want to see foam darts piercing drywall...
thanks! We think you're pretty awesome too!
Gonna be productive and start homework right now because I have nothing to do on this beautiful day.
I do
Humans: the reason why we can't have nice things.
Less than 4 weeks until sunny Orlando! #kwfr #kwri Can't wait!
Doing the easy thing is rarely the right thing and doing the right thing is rarely easy. - Glenn Beck
Yes. Yes I am. Thanks.
I just got in the mood for some cold water, yogurt, and chocolate donuts.
BIG turnout for Jerry Brown's campaign stop at SDSU.
2011 Best Lifestyle On Premise Club Winner Trapeze Club
Did you finish it off by pulling a chain which released a bucket of water on you?
com — It’s never been a secret that Rush Limbaugh is—first and foremost—all about promoting Rush Limbaugh
what's the name of this place? Is $22 regular price?
fuck me. im already breaking down and crying..
working from home is great. But with no coworkers nobody ever brings donuts!
RUPD escort to senior gala
It's amazing how much shutting my door helps my productivity.
Crazy how some people think they are perfect, i was taught that was only God
ok hope you have a great Bacardi day!!
Happy Easter! Another holiday at the firehouse for me today.
Nothing helps saxophone lip than a little bit of Ben and Jerry's ice cream
We don't even ask for you to "sign in or sign up". Just click and view. Really. Now what's your excuse?
Thanks very much.
Silence is the loudest scream
Thanks for the mention!
": I don't believe in coincidences. Every Thursday? I'm not stupid." Joey watchin tranny porn again?
good luck!
GRANDerz trend #VinsGottenSoFar for please? He has gotten so far :')
About to hit 6 flags. 10 dollar tickets FTW.
HAHAHA that's typical alex
Contest is now closed.."1993" was the correct answer. Thanks to all participants! Another Damn Near Free #contest will begin soon.
I don't get why girls can call each other gorgeous but guys can't call each other handsome without it being "gay'
#Chicago loves #bacon, and we have AMAZING bacon, smoked in house for 4 hours, crispy and delicious, waiting for you at
LMAO Oh shut up!
yo! like you didn't already know, but is a beast!
I think it was so they can stall on the fight
2nd Sundays on 2nd St for brunch, shopping & of course, Lofty Dog. Sales thruout! LD has 25% strollers, 10-15% off clothing, UT items,...
you can give money anytime!! they should be in by friday!
Thanks for the mention!
I'm gonna marry him one day ..
Ooh, Lucky! I love new post-its. I've got some with trees, and I don't even want to open the package.
#Truth RT : Few things engender more hatred than the presumptuous recline of the airplane seat in front of me.
--- ewwwwwwwwwwwww stop it!!!!!
no kenzie, funniest ;)
Hey , karma is a beeyotch! Can't believe I'm half rooting for the Angels.
gnight! gonna listen to this track tomorrow loud when noone hear to see if i still feel the same.. if i do then i ship it out..and wait
Queens art museum doing amazing work partnering w community orgs. Helping those orgs achieve goals helps QAM ach their goals too
wish i was there
Transitioning from a lawless reality back to "normal" life is hard 4 some. That's where the "shared experience" is invaluable.
How would you describe yourself to someone who does not know you?
I do not understand Gallardo's need to work every hitter deep into counts
RT : Beatles Lost Concert at Oriental May 17 & 22. Filmed by CBS, shown on closed circuit in its day. More...
#Thankstaking fact: the date of the 3rd Thursday of Nov was selected to commemorate the famous "Snoozers v. Losers" SC decision of 1814.
Look at this school dragging on like a mother f.
Alec is over. Sitting here watching Disney :P Hit me up?
Can a production assistant please lock-down the Mid-Atlantic? #Earthquake is blowing the audio.
Since our wives our at the #westhillsdwtn women's conf. us men are taking kids to the park. Hope nobody gets hurt.
yeah thought that was interesting. Very much an English thing to do.
Twinkie flavored yogurt would be a hit!
guaranteed most of my colleagues don't know what a Boolean search is. . .
u too emo tonight. Sounding like Drake.
Never tried it cold. What do you think?
The O's started the nite w/ the best record in MLB. So why did only 11,938 show up at Camden Yards?
you should have
Editing means staring at your own face and listening to your own voice. Everybody's favorite thing, ever!
I understand now. 'Cuse does not play tough games early, like three months ago, because of tough games three months later...ok..
best spring break spot hit the water! West Side=Lake Havasu. East Side=Panama City Beach. Stiffmeister Approved.
I'm genuinely excited about the promise of Windows 8... but far from confident that Microsoft will actually be able to pull this off.
Thursday is Women's Equality Day- how will you celebrate/observe the 90th anniversary of women's right to vote in the US?
its so weird how some old #punk rock bands are# tumblr famous and some aren't
Would live to see pics when you're finished.
On the plane and about to depart Nashville. Cool place -- you should visit. Next stop Laguardia.
Says : Wouldn't you change your name? You could never say, "Step into my office," with a straight face.
Happy 2012 everyone! I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness! Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
aww I love it :) union worker where at? When u turn 21?
These damn dogs in my neighborhood is having a meeting on the wire. They all barking at each other like crazy late night.
My eyes are still swollen :/
you're welcome!
Damn #oomf has me likin her already
Cleaned,and missed band practice!Oops!
RT Alford "We are excited to be back home ... hopefully we can play well and win a championship this week."
My husband has a Carter shirt when he was a #Flyers. In fact, I started liking Carter as a Flyer. It was easier for us to accept.
..me too abt returns.. Jackie is supa messy..
Haven't been on Twitter in a minute. Sister kickin' S/Os makes it easy to come back. Love u sis.
I hope everything will be ok.. I am so glad it is a comfort to her. YW
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker
Thanks for the follow
But all I can do is thank god that he sent me such an amazing person like you into my life.
thanks for doing something. Seems like those that could don't. Go go go go
Ok - no solutions out of Europe this weekend - does not augur well for the week ahead. Only the hope trade can hold things up.
Got the itis
Managing museum's back end tech needs doesn't equate to comfort w programming platforms and interaction
shutup and listen to GOOD music.
Thanks ever'body!
False. "I Can't Make You Love Me" - Bonnie Raitt.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY?(:
any me and my sister was watching bgc and started to wonder when is your birthday?! :)
#Riorancho celebrates 30 years as a city!
got me thinkin about hittin the strip club, i got my dollars ready lol
GOD is a good GOD and he will save our Beloved NY KNICKS-They are on life support.
Tonight KARAOKE at The Irish Knot with Keagan!
I was hungry... So I ate an apple... But now I'm more hungry...
I watched this nightmare last night while I was asleep...I don't need to see it again!
3-Day Walkers & other non-profits host your fundraiser at Wet Stone on a Sunday or Monday. 5% of the net sales will go to your cause!
Thanks, Mary! All of you awesome #wifilmfestfest folks are the highlight. I'm just out having a blast.
J Hilburn is now the third largest worldwide account for Italian shirting mill,Tessituri Monti!!! Next year we will be their #1 account!
Taking pictures of traffic cones and trees while waiting for my assignment.
Thanks for helping get the word out!
NOW we are, no doubt. Good to meet you IRL. Hope we can connect at another event this week.
have fun-amanda
oh crap. i'm gonna order it this weekend then. crap crap crap.
what are you doing around 7 or so tomorrow? I'm thinking about coming early to chill or whatever.
i hope you nor is not in that stat. i am pretty sure she is not. . .
Kevin Jonas is married
Attended a good training on creating ePub documents today. Going to try and use the flip method for parts of my next unit.
Attending session "How to write an RFP for social media" #socialRFP #sxsw 7 step process
The following are popular names in my dad's family: Larue (M), Lutitia (F), Horace, Hushel (M), Sackfield.
I dont feel good<U+E40E>.
10 reasons to be excited for the MLB season..sobcity.com/index.php/EasyBlog/Entry/top-ten-reasons-to-be-excited-for-the-2012-mlb-season.html
congrats on the title!! Hell of a game
ops haha it's my first time
Remember when you followed me.? :D
SPRING 2011 SAT PREP classes will start on March 5, 2011. Call us to register today for an early bird special! :)
I do comedy for the validation. Parking gets expensive.
RIP Dick Clark....Great American Music Legacy
Police have swarmed the park!!
watever you can't trick me hooch !!! :) cnt wait to see you!!!
Not liking the new TweetDeck at all. Kicking it to the curb and looking at alternatives.
what do you do out in Kuwait?
Sitting here listening to this the turning point by
We need an HTML/CSS Designer in Fort Worth for a contract- 8 weeks. Email if interested!
Nice print on your sling! My kids never liked that facing-out position - on the hip or flat facing the chest were their favs!
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
On this #CincodeMayo think abt the immigrant workers who train the runners you bet on/watch this
what are we doing this morning? Let me know. I will be at home waiting for the call about my car.
Food allergies do not have 2 be life threatening 2 be considered a disability under Section 504.
Talking to #RAIDERNATION and flippin from one game to another on TV. I hope to sleep well tonight too. Eating bacon sandwiches
Who went out of XFactor & Strictly please my honies?
On plane: as always, DC-ers should hide the youth and the whiskey.
We are at the #WIBADD event today. Come stop by our booth and say hello!!
Honestly don't think I'll cry at graduation. If I do it's cause I'm out that bitch!
I didn't say it was your fault, I simply said I was going to blame you.
Huge 4th of July sale on Max & Ruffy's treats! Save 40% with coupon code july4. Offer good July1st - 4th. Give 'em something they love!
yea ima try and make it
Don't have an escape hatch; hurdles will come and if you have an escape hatch, you may quit too early. Hurdles aren't dealbreakers."
Can't wait to see what skip has to say! Lol
Join us for a special seminar tomorrow from 10-noon, "Networking & Personality Type" led by Matt Morscheck, MS, CMP
Why wasn't there any food left after the monster party?' Cos everyone was a goblin. Happy Halloween, friends!
Good seeing you today Jacob! :)
We're going to miss being your neighbor! You are fabulous and amazing. XOXO
It kind of lessens the blow of mothers day a little bit. Not really....but kinda.
Failure is success if we learn from it. ~ Malcolm Forbes
I got so many things I wanna do in life... Can u combine em all into one thing?
I want to go to Italy. Jealous.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know their always there! <3
Join #CHEVY4MKE starting at 7:00pm at Miss Katie's Diner in district 5 on 02/21/2012 for an #Election Night Watch Party!
What do u mean!
Wanna make my wish come true? Click Follow and I'll post a picture of me smiling 'cause of you! <3
Of daughters? No. Of spiders? Perhaps. It's all in the size of the house & her relative fear of spiders ;)
Nothing better than a delicious, FREE lunch! What did you have yesterday, Katharine?
New week! New # Opportunities!
you might think about Adobe Premiere. has a version for $60 I think.
they never do. such a shame.
Chango Cheetah says thanks a million meows for using ur pull with da Man. Things went ok. Not checking out yet.
520 Mini Journey Journals are now on their way to Salt Lake City for next week! Hooray! Hooray!
Good Luck! perfect week for training with the beautiful weather :)
Parents arguing about who was banging who back in HS. Really?
New environmental blog tonight and new article later this week highlighting a great local NPO - Bluegrass PRIDE www.bgpride.org
:) RT : OMG! I wouldn't be able to contain myself in that awesomeness!!
Attention educators: Allison of and John of will be at #IMEA in Fort Wayne this weekend. Stop and say hi!
your so cool melanie (:
TAP was founded by Dr. Paul Mok, noted author, lecturer, corporate consultant & creator of Communicating Styles Technology (CST)
thank you so much! I managed to get a charger.
If she was really a 'good fairy', she wouldn't have turned little bunny foo foo into a goon. These are things I ponder before bed.
Oh god, that crazy, almost Janice-esque laugh.
#LRT what is up with the paint that he is either catching or splashing off of him
- what's the good word at SPA!!? How's the feature going!?
RT : It's championship week! Go Locos!!!!!!
yaaaaahoooo! Please bring your stash.
Ha ha...and that was more geared toward Lakers folks. They'll set a car ablaze any chance they get..
Always awesome to be that close to one of your idols. But it's weird seeing him without Oasis. His band was just ok
Great news, - congrats!
Omfg.i love Mikey.
Workers Comp and RTW resources for my #HR peeps
o well lets trend it! :)
ur welcome babe
who tryna fight you .
Mark Zuckerberg is 28, but Steve Jobs was still younger when Apple IPO'd.
Just got my follower tracker set up for this bitch...If YOU un-follow I shall return the favor! #JoeNathan lol SUPPORT THE MUSIC!
I don't like when random unknown dudes tweeting me shit in retaliation. That gets you blocked...
Up next: Inviting your audience into your brand.
I wondered idly if the restaurant I'm going to for dinner has a TV to show MNF - and then I thought about how bad B'more/JAX will be. N/m.
Staring at the bottle, then her nails: "Mommy this isnt purple enough!" She felt duped & you could see it in her eyes.
Here at the zinc bar w jack Jeffers big band. Great players. One More set tonight better come out on w 3 Nyc. Zinc Bat
hacked?! Was worried someone wrote a bad blog about me! :) Have u been keeping up on ur tantan tanning???
Scott. Had long talk with Tiffany. Check us out. Only 1 shop in AZ as of today getting all the customers. listyourshop.com
The trail running community is KC is incredible. Thursday BAR run is weekly highlight. Love all my
It doesnt fit in my pocket because I dont even have a phone like that…I'll take a Galaxy S II if you want me to have one so bad
Teams never seem to update weight measurments. What player's playing weight would you say is furthest from their listed weight?
My nose: "You're going to sneeze! LOL JK" My face: *orgasm look*
Iced Coffee?Try SAFARI ICED COFFEE-our fresh roasted,fresh brewed iced coffee,2 scoops SCOOTERS frozen custard,whipped cream & Chocolate.Yum
it was tempted to buy a poster. Lol
Free food at #THATCamp #Games. Don't forget to donate!
Blake Shelton can sing anything he wants!
Oh man.... what did I get myself into?
Must have looked in the mirror and saw 40! Happy Birthday!!!!
Right now is the perfect time to engage in hoodrat activities in S.O.C. Police have no communication with that area, smhs and lols...
you already confused me enough today! I don't need to be confused anymore!
Sometimes passive basses like my stock Yamaha BBN5 can have more punch +output than active models.Strung with D,Addario Pro Steels(50-135)..
Great video. Very creative. Thanks!
A woman in her late 40s talks to a woman in her late 20s about a woman between 18-24, about what they do now. Basically, all life.
Motorcycle ministry For Abused Children: www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com
interesting. Glad you can get it somewhere. Your local paper might be really interested in that story... If u want to tell it
Did you know that Eric Holder he became the first African-American attorney general designate in the United States in 2008?
Was good meeting Mike Hinkley owner of Flash Brewery tonight. Keep on making those tasty brews...
Theres still time to enjoy your choice of any dessert + coffee or tea for just $10 at our 5th Ave location. Available Mon-Fri, 3pm-7pm
: Plotting world domination, of course! 's cats & 's shrimp army will be in charge (I iz )
So bummed I missed #Apt23 tonite! No worries, I DVR'd. try to refrain from telling me what I missed!
Morning! I've already had to say "unbelievable" twice today! Should be an interesting day
I love "This paper". You need to check out my skills. I stepped my mixing game up ma!!
Local tv stations KNOW i can do the same 2 them. All they have on me 2 make me "look bad" is recorded messages of me yelling insulting truth
Internet never forgets.
Reading into how the cleaning lady put my conditioner into my shower; have I been putting conditioner on at the wrong time all these years?
I thought I had recovered. Now I'm back to shivering with a fever. I got April Fooled by my own body.
Thanks and for RTing and favoriting my posts and happy Thursday :)
Your weave should NEVER look like I can Shoot It
Johansson throwing the puck on his own net last night during a f%#>ing power play.
nice to think about it that way! I am running my first half in March. Thanks for your thoughts on the 10k.
#ReadMeDragRace. And I work for librarians, so don't **** it up.
not even a scratch -_- and he dipped while I was checking out the truck ...
I'm not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and lol I keep forgetting
Thank goodness!
New Profile Pic :)
hmm some really cool guy with awesome photography skills! :)
I like free :)
Yes I have, unfortunately, right now it's the song from the Crystal Light television commercial!
I'm heading your way!
hahaha you make the best sandwiches
Sorry Oscar. Only truly economically stable model is one where they play for free. Just not enough paying customers/advertisers
You can play up to 3 at a time for free. They will be $5 after we exit beta.
Thanks for the RT Lisa!
I'm so tired of upgrading my iPad. Now I want the NEW IPAD. hehehe :o)
Discharged outspoken Marine works last day
One final down two to go
Come in for specialty cocktails, mimosas, and bloody marys!
Hi Suzanne. Charlotte says rarely but when someone DOES, it makes her love them even more!!
Please let me write an article for you about FUKKING CRAZY JAPANESE SEX! <U+304A><U+9858><U+3044>! #vicemag I want to
I never lie :)
One of my colleagues thanked me for speaking up on behalf of non-reference librarians in a meeting the other day! :)
"distilling things so that you show a pattern" -Amanda Cox
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: When the dinner adjourns, thou shalt rise and wait for the President and head table guests to leave.
What should I do with all this kale?
i love you," I love you
Wow. RIP MCA. End of an era.
Have You Got Your Braces Off yet?!?!?! either way ur still sexier then anyother guy i have eva seen!!! <3 follow me
I wanted some sweet tea so badly, I ran through McDonald's :( !!!
there's always something cooking at BTS. Stay warm...
Kennedy: Gulf War Syndrome was originally diagnosed as stress-related. War was only 3 days long
": I just wann throw & #YoungMillionairesBash #NBA & #NFL party In DC." $$$$$$$
man works hard and is always on his grind and i personaly respect him...yall needa hop on GLOBAL14.COM and show the homie love
Thank you!
More thanks, Daniel!
email your info to info at harpboston dot com... Thank you!
See you there! RT Join me today:30pm 4/premiere of "Southern Blend" at UNCC Uptown. Talking about my #interracial marriage
Miami needs Bosh
Car got broken into great gotta love the five points
I need to buy more t-shirts.
ahh, when's the next blog? Needa make sure i dont make any plans! Please answer (:
I wish I lived back in the Old West days, because I'd save up my money for about twenty years so I could buy a solid-gold pick.
#iwny for the 1pm event. Hoping the tipping point is coming today.
you know it's all love bro and that I'm just kidding with you. Hope all is well my dude <U+2764>
I Am Mama
We are all back in the office after a long holiday weekend
Hey thanks for the follow! We're excited for your tweets!
With the way he is beating on it, this guy's keyboard must have wronged him somehow.
but do cute women want cute wine?
I want you to want me
Don’t give up; keep fighting. God is Able to carry you through.
Computer problems can give you a serious case of the "Mondays"
We need four #Models for a paid gig at #birthday bash this year!! Hit us ASAP
no problem hun an yu to dont be a stranger(:
Glad you are excited! We are too. Staff is raving about the Leaf and we just got the Mitsubishi i Miev...
“: Why are we glued to our phones and computers all the time? Because the world is f*cking terrifying.” boom... BOOOMM...
What up tweet peep's!)
“If you haven’t done the right things on the #humancapital side, you are going to really struggle with #innovation.” Larry Zimpleman
Yip. Need tix, but i suspect there will be plenty floating around. RT you going to the game on Sunday?
Tequila dreams, May 11/12 edition: nice to see you and I think I'll have another margarita tonight.
My shadow days are over.
EHH I GIVE UP ON TRYING TO GET TOO FOLLOW ME BYYE IM OFF AND PROBABLY NOT COMING BACK TILL TOMORROW NIGHT ;(
Too many issues to address, too little time. Ellis: "Need a follow up meeting."
I got sonar 11 for sell n some beringer monitors . And a $300 Mic . Holla at me
Nothing like ending #humpday with a call from a guy named Woody!
follow back (:
we don't see 100s with 3 percent humidity in Vegas until middle of June typically. So it looks like summer is a month early!
we want to ensure you can move across Gmail, Calendar, Search, YouTube, or whatever your life calls for with ease
new shit coming wednesday
No longer in ketosis, I'm just saying. Holidays are no
Ok, ran into an intruder and called the cops. Whew, THAT was freaky
Opening a test paper and seeing the first question and thinking "Yup, I'm screwed."
Believe it or not, I can't wait to go back to work tomorrow.. (:
Whose idea was it to have everything due at the end of the month?
Here's to the Directioners whose grades went in One Direction - "Down".
Mi-fi contract? I think that is a month-to-month add-on service to your regular service, terminable at will. Check it out.
On-the-Go Viewing of Vehicle Videos Hits the Fast Lane
I would like to introduce you to Marc Heyison, President and Founder
I'm planning on online version of Gourmet Typography, so sign up at my site to stay tuned!
Chuck Norris or the most interesting man from dos xx? My moneys on chuck!!!!
Lisa, we're re-sending that invite right now - let us know if it arrives safely!
#BiggestPetPeeve people who park in handicap or visitor spots when they are not handicapped or a visitor.
Mine is always just the opposite. Lol RT: “: The awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.”
They sure are going quickly today! RT : Randomly helped a couple find a piece of #FAFDET on the People Mover "
Yooo miss Connie
I followed you on tumblr
College Admissions Counselors can benefit from having a objection handling workshop to use with their students.
Omfg did tony sheffo just do the most amazing 'faithfully' ever??? Love birthday karaoke!!
I'm at right now. After?
at least we won't have to watch him take jumpers next year
Love Planet Fitness. My body drove me, my brain cooperated. Yeah me. 3 1/2 miles. Slow/incline as molasses and ewww so sweaty. Ick.
The U for sure! Other than Miami, maybe 'Bama or someplace different like Air Force or Navy.
Who's planning to join us on Sunday at the ?
Hi! TY for the follow Willie
I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know that people make mistakes .
The only thing that could keep me from chasing right now is
depressed.. idk what's so wrong about me..
Hey, Ajay, thanks so much for all the mentions. Happy Holidays to you!
Many thanks to everyone who tweeted..text...call or facebook me a happy mothers day.....I so appreciate it.
Filming a segment about Sojourn restaurant on News.
#happyhour meets #NFL. Watch the #Steelers game from ! You can start pregaming with our $20 open bar 6-9pm
TOMORROW!!! Hollywood Tans is gonna be a party! Make sure to stop by for amazing deals and just a fun time!!!
Thanks for answering my question on the podcast today!
not much and you? :)
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. -Arthur C. Clark
it's time to make money
I got some things I'm working on. Just needed the time to do it.
#stpatricksday music with the Galway Guild and Bareknuckle Boxers. Best enjoyed with a Guiness!
I'm here @ Benicia Public Library 4 live music with fabulous bass player Michael Manring who used to play with the late great Michael Hedges
this is vigil right?
RT You'd think a near-perfect weather day in Seattle would quiet weather complainers. You'd also think wrong.
YAY FOR SEASON 3! I get to see Miss all the time then!
Per : "Thank you #Baltimore, you rock! You raised $865,740.59 for the Johns Hopkins Children's Center!"
Need someone to take over mgt of a site I built for a research group at MU. Basic site, low-level support, monthly contract.
I think we should not look too soon for the adult our children will become!
will show big brand examples in her #smss12 FB preso, but will also talk about how #smallbiz can adopt.
pokemon was alright
Beautiful fall day on the Menil Bookstore Patio-- Come browse our Walter de Maria table and start the weekend early
ya, that's what my uncle in CA is saying.... Bo:( Hang in there man!
hahaha no thanks
Long day -__- of to bed finished my #hw yayyy! Now good night!(:
I have two new student web workers this summer that have jumped right in to their jobs. And somehow they are both named Nathan.
Thanks for following!!!!
Wearing fake Hermes belts sagging your jeans they ain't real
Refactoring the GUI code today to expose content creation functionality!
come up here
worth getting a NB just to try Jolicloud?
Every #NHL12 club/OTP n00b picks Kings jerseys now. Funny thing is, when Kings are a default team/jersey for #NHL13, no one will use them...
Running into a spiderweb with a spider the size of your face is ever bit of surprising that you might expect.
yeah I know we are collab'ing
what's up gerald=) just stopping by to say hello. how's castinng?
Glamour is fleeting. Get it while you can. Find someone glamorous, turn them sideways, smile, & tilt their head back. Girls rule boys drool.
I already am,silly! :)
Please let us know how your dinner is tonight! Thanks for celebrating with us.
Guys who don't nag are such a blessing
This week is gonna be nerve recking.
Math test & Health Quiz tomorrow ..
Man that was a hell of a show! Got 2 see walk by us! Daughter says she looks like female prince! :)
Looking for a mature teen who'd be interested in blogging about the teen web series I'm producing. Get in touch if you know someone! Thanks!
“: Getting ready for my birthday tomorrow. FYI...I'm 17 minutes older ... Also birthday tomorrow 30 baby!! Go broncos !!
People to Follow for #eisummit info/tidbits:
Why dont the girls on Tumblr exist? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
#ThingsMyExsaid "i love you always and forever" -____- okay.....
#Hernandez open the vault I give it to him that was iight.
I wanna cuddle with #oomf <U+E417>
here? Or gtalk?
We are having a and Sale! 40% OFF!
well said!
Thanks Santa!
FUCK YOU ADVERTISING ADHD AT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC! Advertising for the pharmaceutical companies especially @ kids is fucked up
aww! Okay i'll follow baxk but i tried like evryday but it always said the same thing evrytime i wnt on ur page! I'll try Nw
Lend me your hand and we'll conquer them all.
I know the answer. They are illegals. Some of the 89% I am sure are illegals bit that is a whole different issue.
Monday Morning Brain Buster: The average American has 8 of these. What are they?
The #NIV-Bible has deleted many verses out of the KJV version of the Bible, do not B fooled by these #blasphemous-mockers of God! KJV-Truth,
i think i just heard the worst rap song in history....
Playing some MW3! Fuck this game. I will soon have a video of me smashing MW3~
Tired of people in my life trying to force a square peg into a round hole. Preschool fundamentals...
can't! in studio producing Club Kane til midnight! i'll sleep AFTER the morning show tomorrow.
There is only one that will never leave nor forsake us, one that moves towards us and not away in moments of adversity. Thank GOD!
According to company estimates, one in every eight American workers has been employed by McDonald's
I Feel Love with all the people I'm chilling with!
People keep asking me, what are the " Rules to Being Single"
I had a wonderful time singing at the NYCO/Elle Decor event tonight in Soho!
Road closure notice: Fayette St between President St & Central Ave will be closed Sun 9/19 from 7am to noon.
And thanks to everyone who has submitted! Keep them coming! The deadline is tonight, at midnight!
Loose lips sink ships
Tositos commercial, dudes wearing sweaters and drinking wine
Watching America's Got Talent. Ngl, this dude who just sang just made me cry. :')
Blue Jays acquire Jeff Mathis in exchange for Brad Mills
someone's a hottie (:
I actually have a much bigger idea. You in?
First friday in abbott kinney was amazing! Good night everyone.
Lmao ikr !! dude i saw that you was counting to see how many woo's you had to type xD .... now that was funny !
Thanks so much - much appreciated! Sorry for too much plugging. ;( Cheers!!
going to a big school and still having an awesome turn out for
Hah. Well, parking one thing, but also don't forget tolls and bridges/tunnels :) And time.
If mildew appears on the grout lines of your shower enclosure? call 203 7941000
I swear today is sexy Sunday ! So many bad bitches out today
Happy bday !!! xo
that was my first thought.
Which courses do you prefer golfing?
is kind of sick of jobhunting already.
Semester ends, free time opens up, motivation to dries up.
: Yes, #FollowALibrary does work and I'm happy 2 follow u! Love that u support banned books week on Twtr. Keep up the good wrk!
Hopeless matrons prefer vermouth to vanilla in the baking of cookies.
Actually this sweater belongs to Carl see
Used Halloween #ClickySticky and #CookieDoodle in tx tdy for pronouns, present prog, following dirs w preschoolers today. Thanks #slpeeps !!
Cooking and Music. Great Family Time
Thanks for the support Loni!
It's been a great day so far at DanceFit Marketing! How's your Tuesday going?
Very Nice!!! I'll be in Columbus next week :)
you can hide circles in gmail. use the little dropdown menu.
We not only have a large inventory of new Dodge cars & trucks, we have a large array of used cars, trucks, and SUVs.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 308
you either have to connect to a desktop monitor or extract the drive lol. Been there done that
talk about what, dude?
Alone in this section of library; two people just down at *next* table. Need to look as crazy as I actually am, maybe, to scare people away.
I'm not a toy so don't play with my heart when you feel like it!
it's probably the world series actually but I see what you mean
love these people too! amazing!
Shawn White.... Wow.
gotta get back in shape after this week..
Short sentences, repeating code phrases in effective, if irrational, order. Sounds like President GWB-era rhetoric.
Bouta blaze ugh........MII body hurt
Sometimes I feel like I dance better when I'm wearing pointe shoes.
Read this
Merry Christmas ICONic family! Its our first christmas together!
#InTheSummer i like to wear nothin but shorts
So much fun with , and tonight. Love them.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thanks for sharing! How are you? You been following #DSIC12 this year?
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix :)
I don't know too many DJs who would trust the cloud not to drop the beat...
I guess SR mentioned how she'd like a shortened season so I'm freaking out! I just want as much as possible!
Interesting that my #lawn is crunchy and brown buy my #garden is thriving.
I have to go everybody! Have a great Tuesday America and Canada! Good night Philippines! :)
A4: If you post a job on LinkedIn, LI tells you how you're connected to job. Candidate can find mutual contacts, learn, engage
leaving for Bama today. 3 days until game time!
Just woke up from a much needed nap c:
Needs more underboob
Ever since Plouffe got engaged, he's all clusterfucked. Women ruin everything!
Girls will be girls!!!
I feel like
Really?!? you are going to show Charlotte Bobcat LOWLIGHTS before #NHLPlayoffs highlights?..... #LAME. Go Pittsburgh
Everything in its right place
Kobes performance.... so far.
Good audience question: How do journalists produce distinct content if they're all drawing from same social media feeds?
Finally getting to watch Drive. Reminding me of an 80's DePalma film right off the bat.
my bad on the late reply.... old school was epic.... speaking of, we need to kick it old school... where u at
not your fault you sleep with the people in my school and either impregnate them or get pregnant. haha.
enjoy my dude ...
My nigga say u ain't no freak so u gotta prove my man wrong!
say more.
Appreciate the support! Keep the good work up in Track!
“: “Don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.” - Wiz Khalifa”
I just had a lalalaalalalalalalallalaBAM moment
it was that three hour nap Kaylee :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
One of my favorite commercial galleries is on Canyon Road: Nuart Gallery.
- go talk to him. You know you wanna! :D
please follow me <333
Service to others is the payment you make for your space here on earth. Mohammed Ali
Tecmo RT : Name one part of our society, our culture, that you still have faith in. That you believe is uncorrupted.
especially if you like nick jonas! :)
Happy Friday (weekend) :)
Geometry exam. Oh god.
Remember u control who you're going to be in life. Stop going w/ the NORM nd do what YOU want to do. IT'S YOUR LIFE RIGHT?
It doesn't get any better
#Woe to him who #believes in #nothing ~
Check out our new pictures on Myspace or Facebook from our photo shoot yesterday.
you all for the follow! G'Night! :)
people are dumb as hell if they say that to you. Ignore them, you know for a fact you're so much better than them!
omg! I love Camille now too!
i want lyric 2 follow me so bad!
DEMOCRATS! is telling u 2 vote 4 ! What does that tell u? A vote 4 Filner is a vote 4 DeMaio.
I think that chokehold and shady could be made into really cool music videos. :)
well, apparently he put the hex on Tim Thomas, so I.wonder if it works on other fat goalies?
Red Wing Red Ale will be brewed tomorrow... Spring is almost here!
You always my Dawg. Don't worry about it.
Good morning! :)
Thanks so much for the follow DC!
how did u do it?
Letterpress Tip: Hand-deliver slippery or small sheets with ease by attaching sandpaper to your finger with a rubber band. Tape works 2.
Aim low, reach your goals, and avoid disappointment. Scott Adams/Dilbert
It is not sufficient that I succeed - all others must fail.
know that!! Love u boo;)
“Assumptions are the termites of relationships.”
check out #barnesandnoble for some Barnes & Noble Classic NookBooks for free! I like the B&N brand because they are formatted better.
Best Western here I come! RT : I believe today is waffle day.
Im getting my penis tattooed with 'mack attack' but i'm worried it wont fit.
Breaking News: Gerald Laird survives vicious attack by first base
We're giving away 4 tickets to the Georgia Tech vs. Clemson game on Saturday, October 29th! Just like our page and this comment to enter!
I'm not gonna lie. I enjoy all the May the Fourth be with you stuff. I'm sharing my birthday with the Star Wars fandom :)
So who had fun at last night's Champions Reception? Use #ACG12 and tweet us your top moment from last night or send us a picture you took!
SFR's #BestofSantaFe Special Issue Part Deux publishes this Wed! Pick it up or read it online at sfreporter.com
Vleminckx is one of my favorite places in #Amsterdam. But what sauce did you choose?
That SOB #Binladen should be stuffed and hung at the Bush ranch in Crawford
Middle of the work week happy hour 3-7 today! Come on in, you deserve it! We're in the Grossmont Center in La Mesa.
Sounds awesome :) Keep it up!
Hell of a beer!
I'm looking for it and found Sociopath Next Door. Is that the one? Always wondered how they feel no remorse.
Amazing that racism still exist in America 2day. I never really figured it out either. Skin color just shouldnt matter that much.
Off to knoxville this week for the Indiegrrl conference & festival!!
exactly - and goaltending is dead!
you gave me goose bumps tonight! Great job! :)
I hope I can stay awake until #MadMen. The perfect excuse to get coffee. If not, there's always the DVR.
I have Ice cream, But I think I'm just gonna let it sit on my bed and melt..
justin should come out with detergent that smells like him so that we can wash our sheets with it and feel like hes with us everynight<3 ha
Two fails don't might it right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> “: I haven't seen Avengers. So just us 2. Lol!”
More motivation is all..
i have to fix my comment function then. So much spam!
When your gone ill still be Bloody... MARRY
I jus made a crazy hook to the beat i bought from Lex Luger. The producer that made tyga lap dance, jayz and kanye Go HAM and rick ross BMF
Iam worn out
I need to learn to drive , get a job, save money for a car, save money to get a place! Ahh! Too many things in life. But I can do it.
she can probably see this tweet as well
Student swapped the "n" in the title "dean" for a second d. Not cool.
hi tweetles. its been a while.
If I am Kung Fu Panda are you Master Shifu?
Enoying Monday off!
looking forward to interviewing you soon during my show's Entertainment segment and having you in Nashville, TN!
im pregnant with his kids...so
It's NOT your relationship, so get the hell out of it!
steak n shake >>
I see
Am I model material for the #NOH8CAMPAIGN ?!
Off to for the game!
yep that's the homie
Bronsonarroyo's place
Okay, let me sign off to go catch the BNSF Metras at Roosevelt/Canal. Will save loco #s and times seen to my phone. Later Twitterland.
I love kale yum yum yum
This weekend might be the death of me
...Indeed. Took it myself. He was being sweet and blocking the light from my eyes & it made a really cool silhouette :-)
Yes please! Count me in for sure!
Toddlers & Tiaras is the WORST tv show ever! Poor little girls :(
Lol... I hear my last RT to much
Now hw time ):
that is a great article
Patron when we can afford it
Tossing some Hollywood glitz and glitter your way. :)
"Never can say Good bye" HAPPY BIRTHDAY Michael Jackson!!!!
iCBallers... Building the dream one day at a time. Stay tuned for some pretty exciting updates for our company in the future!!!
Psyched about the summer!!! Georgia heat, incredible concerts, friends and fam, and #Braves baseball. Life is good.
It's
They should make a newer version of the movie "Spawn." That would be tight titties.
I don't trust these guys behind me
I had to re-read that 4 times
getting tired.....
this girl was annoyingg me really bad -_____-
Weren't the #Mets among the teams that squawked about the Braun decision? Wonder if the ump knew something in that regard?
they said late this year so I guess sometime in the fall
happy Monday :)))
Thank you for the tip on printing I will look into my options.
Saw "The Artist" with at the Academy tonight. Brilliant. Jean Dujardin is amazing and very dashing. See this movie.
A Northern fairy tale begins, "Once upon a time..." A Southern fairytale begins, "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit..."
Not gonn a lie...I think playing Zathura would be kinda fun o__O
: it's not just about access - it's about delivering the right content at the right time to each student.
MY arms hurt so much right now thanks to Shaun Johnson
House of the Vestals, A Gladiator Dies Only Once, and the new The Seven Wonders.
hahaha i miss being young
THAT is a fantastic idea. DK is missing a huge market here.
You know what happened the last two times you called out people on Twitter. One went into beastmode. The other told you to shut up
Drinking chocolate milk.... but im hungry not thirsty
Love this > could you define the 'good enough' point & STOP then?
RT : The amazing will be at the #mktgchat today (2pm ET). All about crafting a message that people can connect with.
Are you a lawyer who can't keep track of deadlines? Then, you really need this tool. Let us show you how to use it.
GJ calls in for his Bro in Haysus. Just like mommy did back in the day!
“: Oh. Unisex AXE. Now women can smell like douchebags, too.” AXE = Marijuana Smell destroyer ... X-}
AWESOME! Congrats. When will you be back in Madison? Let's get together.
O MY....i just hooked up my 37 inch monitor to my PC...so freakin cool.....
BAILEY LET ME LOVE YOU~~
sounds great! Keep spreading the news!
Super excited that Christmas is getting closer #i<3xmas
hope this is the day you follow me it would make me happy!!
A Walk to Remember will always be one of my favorite movies.
it's AWFUL
Only place to be @ surrendervegas
Hi Kyle, I typically follow whoever follows me. So if you 'follow' me then I'll receive the email to follow you back.
Melanie Kehoss talking about what drew her to experiment with the material graphene.
You are THE cutest.
Where are the great ones?
What to do when you have a super ridiculous professor......
they call me heat meiser
Oh, it's Wednesday alright. AKA Moe's Day - $6.50 burrito & chips!
Yes, you can submit directly to editors. If by "editors" you mean Amazon.
Cool article, thanx for sharing!
i swear..i was on the bus..i wanted to slap a hoe lol
I will have to pull my heart away is playing! Miss you
im never on twiiter ... had to stop thru today and see how is still active lol
You coming to check out the 9' Menorah Lighting tonight?
Might get my Six Flags pass this weekend
If you notice the ppl who love and dont try to spite each other are the people who receive the most blessings?
A can-am Spyder! MT #bachelorette- They brought the chopper way to early...need a new form of transportation on this show.
I need you to need me. RT : I want you to want me!
Sure thing!
and it's free too!
What was the last item that you purchased yourself?
The question was posed...what is success?
Bill Russell has more rings than the bobcats have wins
Thanks for the follow...right back at ya'
Best craigslist car listing so far: "Check enigne light comes on but goes off sometimes" and "Bumper not attached BUT I HAVE IT"
Watching HOBO WITH SHOTGUN! This movie is gruesome and hilarious!
what up?
There are two reasons for doing things-a very good reason and the real reason. ~ Anon
And when you're done listening to WORT, head over to the city-county building for the rally at 1:00.
On set all weekend - wrapping on the drama REACH & the dark comedy The Uninvited Guest! Then shooting in Atlantic City NEXT weekend!!
Just got named the new editor-in-chief at Florida Equine Publications (Florida Horse, Fla. TB Breeders and Owners Association)
words create lies, pain can be trusted
M ace pear cider!
Grandmother now listing prices of goods in the 50s - makes me cringe to think of my monthly grocery bills.
The overcoming a 21 pt deficit after 3 qtrs ties the NBA Playoff record set by the in the '02 ECFs
i miss those good times
CHIPTS | Center for HIV Identification, Prevention and Treatment ...
I LOVE Bailey's man.
Individuals, groups or business can arrange a visit to to see how we support our patients and families. Contact 01636 610 556
I love it!
what did dyer say about karma?
ok 4 sure
Silly, but sexy. Hehe ;P
Make no mistake: I went into librarianship for the big money.
I'm short ^_^
oh shit we got the raindrop!!!
ICONIC BOYZ OMG OMG OMG
- some can walk and chew gum at the same time... Ben can sing and tune a guitar at the same time... that's talent!
Yeah I got a series of notifications of everyone joining Highlight!
We are reviewing application #130171 - Eric Peterson.
Damn ill send u some money then!
WSU Cougars at UNLV football game moved to Friday, Sept. 14 so it can be nationally televised on ESPN.
I'm so into you, I don't know what I'm going to do.
I like that.
What's the news on #etech going away? I've heard that it is. Anyone know why?
I'm hungry! Working late, of course. Hope the kids I'm touring don't mind hearing my tummy rumble. Then meeting Krystal to plan our vacay!
gonna GO WASH my own clothes for the first time =/ hope i dont screw up
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her she has a great big vagina
I'm riding around and getting it!
So much of playing effective team defense is linked to what happens at the other end. -Phil Jackson
Yep! That's Elon's best program. Figured it would pay more.
I give it a 65% chance of happening.
SIL has done homeschooling 4 yrs successfully in another state. Local homeschooling group gives lots of support. Find 1 4 u.
I sign my own checks
That's it - we gotta get DW back over ASAP to talk some sense into these people!
aha sure!
Day #967 of the exile. NVG mods were spotted running security at the local Occupy camp, just to stay sharp.
Johnny is on fire right now! RT #noontimeworkout going FUCKIN HAM right now. With and
Rehearsing one of my favorite episodes on set! This one is called 'iStuck Everyone'! I can`t wait for the premiere! It will make you laugh!
LOL - No, that was in Winston-Salem, NC this morning. Burr!!
your eyes are super beautiful :)
Please check out the incredibly hot 's "Rock Show" video!
Miami tripping but we got a whole half left
wierd! o.O
Attending a meeting on the maintenance of ISO 3166 - Country codes in Berlin
Goodnight everyone :-)
i think it was the shotskis.... shots on skis...
heading out after a long conference call, sun is out, gym-time and thought-capsule-time....
Eat wash up in smoke the loud volume in head to the mall
Just had a great lunch with marketing genius ! Am now taking over the world :)
Good content should never go unnoticed :) RT : Thank you for RT
Something fell off a truck in front of us, and the bus ran over it! Luckily, no blown tires or anything. Scared the crap out of me though.
I'm telling you, she just needs to meet !! RT This just keeps getting weirder. Emily needs to get the eff outta there.
hearin alot about ya, ready to see you in a razorback jersey hoss. WPS
Well #ISpyThursday It's raining dogs umbrella -- tell em!
#ChuckNorris has a vacation home on the sun...
Happy Birthday to Val Kilmer today... I still love you.
wats ur num i can call u but only once
I see no signs of recipes
Your thesis can wait. As if it's conceivable you won't pass defense anyway? Take the time to make the right decision for PhD
wow well that's just too sweet. I wish I was that funny.
Someone's paying attention....sharing our articles before they've even hit inboxes :) Consider us impressed!
The amount of homophobic speech coming out of these GOP candidates mouths is truly terrifying. How is it the American people stand for this?
Ariana Is Beautiful <U+2661>
get a blunt tatt'd there lol
Like our page on Facebook and find out more....
I'm obsessed with Bangarang -
doing well and doing good at the same time
Happy B-day Marlee Matlin! Mazel Tov! You will never be Trumped in my book!
4mi run in epicenter of american tobacco industry, now largely dismantled
Enjoy your weekend! Include us for your Saturday Brunch 11:30-4pm.
"Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong." How true, Ha! Morning, Voodoo
oh god minnesota would shit itself without the puck.
Little Man just said "Look at me, My hair it's weird. Like a weir-do!"
It is Power Ballad o'clock.
3 workouts today! Lets get this money!
I'd do anything just to see Justin smiling, seriously anything, even if i had to kill...
Hey Roc'n Deals Fans! Simply check in and tag your friends and you'll receive Roc'n Bucks! Ready, Set, Go!!
I greet people, give remarks, take photos, get business cards, and even make the band laugh. I'm a
.... And nobody told me?
Who tryna check out this song before I upload it to my youtube?
damn I hate my autocorrect I live on US
Yal would rather be "cool" and rather party then be successful
Today in Literary History: On May 9, 1860 J.M. Barrie (best known as the creator of Peter Pan) was born in Angus, Scotland.
we'll be updating the website very son ;) i'll keep you updated!
Text me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
Happy march! 8 days until i'm in sunny Phoenix! Cannot come fast enough!
Pardon me, if it seems that I'm following my dreams. I ain't reading off the script that they picked for me.
im so sad
shouldn't be spreading bad rumors Frank !!
New #Shindig followers are awesome, YOU ROCK! Thank you!
PLEASE TELL HARRY, LIAM, ZAYN, NIAL AND YOU TO FOLLOW ME THANX I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!:)
Could 7:49 Saturday honestly take any fucking longer to come? I want #kubball tip off now.
is partaking in some liquid relaxation.
n6 fats have been shown to cause inflammation, causing heart disease, while n3 fats have been shown to reverse this.
Love waffles. I've seen pics & they look really good. : "Hey you should have on the show soon."
I go 1 on 1 with Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta in a UFC special report tonight on FOX5 news at 10.
ATT has the worst customer service ever! It's a shame that they are the only ones with the Torch.
RT: RIP Melody......who's Melody?
My hands are peeling..?
Ugh. Can't we just have two hours of Martin Bashir instead of Ratigan?
Restaurant Gift Certificate -- I still haven't used it!
didn't Evelyn tell you to go to bed?
Public employee unions corrupt govt, just as FDR predicted. End public union contracts in Arizona.
you should see your face all the 937382648times I've scared you, I'm a pro, young grasshopper;)
You know it's St. Patrick's Day when you were invited to have jello shots for breakfast
Lunch Special! Homemade Potato Soup, 2 hot, soft, Bavarian Pretzel Sticks, and a side salad. Oh, and a bunch of big beers to wash it down.
and a bank that is "too big to fail"?
GAME OVER! Indiana Ties the series at 1 a piece!
Hey read ur story, I thought it was cute... I'm on the site too... my user name is JBPolkadottedgiraffe15 =) Follow back?
it's so hot!! thank god I'm not at school or work placement today! :)
wow Mexican independence day and the birth of a #legend thanks guys
coming over from #lrnchat I have high hopes for learning from "y'all"
I'm afraid those are cryptic crying-for-help messages. Poor Who knows what he's been going through
Good morning beautifuls!!!:D
im confused
Who Da Man? You da man!!! Yeah, Cory in 2016.
You know you want Kendall to feel up on Carlo's ass!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling.
Today was my 3rd anniversary of working at ! Tomorrow = celebratory chocolate bundt cake.
Here we go! Second Week of Blithe Spirit! Break a Leg guys!
Gorgeous picture! We see a few clouds near Qualcomm Stadium.
Hey #verizon why dont you ever offer deals to loyal customers of 10 years? Only brand new customers can get the best deals. thats crap
It might be Oulipo email time. : you in?
Twitter fans: If you could get a FREE happy hour item just by replying to this post, what would it be?
Improbable as it seems, the 5 publicly traded hospital groups with market caps above $1B had a good first quarter; stock gains across sector
How I Feel, Sober, Alanis/KOL mashup, Ready--please & thank you! :D
MARTY SAYS NO!! O_O
Deja Vu Come in to hang with the hottest girls and smoke the best new hookahs flavors!! Free Limo rides! $75 bottles of Vodka!!!!
You're welcome & thank you! XX
I need a job but I need to volunteer more.
Lupe - Out Of My Head (Feat. Trey Songz)
AMERICAN IDOL FINALIST Colton Dixon will be at this weekends White House Correspondents Dinner
NRA Convention this week: signing books, singing the National Anthem, and performing at various sanctioned events... I love my job!
Words can't describe how turned on I am right now.
So the clips are going to make this a game, the series narrative demands it.
be looking for my new mixtape
Now that would be interesting :-). Dracula and my band just chillin at a concert... Watch your necks though!!
Breaking: twitter love in the air betwixt Reps. Greiling and Garofalo. Very nice.
Read more of #TenthGradeBleeds and I'm loving this series!!! I feel really proud of myself for reading today ^_^
consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your venue This tour available at iTunes. Contact us:
Lol my dad got in my truck and he goes "why does it smell like marijuana?" idk padre. Couldn't tell ya
hm u dont remember me
A reminder that the Schmooza Palooza is June 22 at Conseco Fieldhouse. We're excited to be there next week. Who's going?
st party's warm up... Get here
Don't be afraid to be original
Shout out to my homeboy Andre Berto.He just walked in the ring Jaming to one of my favorite songs "Turn My swag On" by Soldier Boy
enjoyin miami weather!
yikes.....I've never had tdsskiller not launch.
Tonight! : Roy Loney and the Longshots w/Young Fresh Fellows and The Mighty Squirrels and Slims Last Chance: NW Rivals
"My job at the robot assassin factory is really stressing me out."
Hey Lindsay. I don't have a badge so I couldn't get in. can you get into Bing event with just a badge?
Ofrenda was amazing! Hats off to Henrik!
I hear his battle with Wolverine was pretty epic.
is there a service where you can find someone with the exact same foot size as you to do your shoe shopping ?
deep CF fly out for Walker. #Pirates need some wind
I hate when in a Rick and hard spot lmao
life is like a hike. difficult to get to the top, but when you make it the view is so worth it:-)
There's nothing left, I used to cry, Inspiration has run dry, That's what's going on, Nothing's fine, I'm Torn.
Don't call me bro through the intercom, cunt face
I think you're on to something with the extra top coat—the cheap ones tend to chip, but that would probably help! Thanks!
The fact that i paid full price for that book when it came out....grrrr
yea. Shes changing her sleeping schedule so that's good.
I can care less on what Bill Nojay thinks about anything!!!
“1/3rd of your pillow's weight comes from dead skin cells, bugs, dead dust mites and their droppings." Yay I live cuddling w/ those things!
Just had tests done and (yuk) blood drawn...so I won't know for a bit. Thank you for asking!
(I will watch them when me and basketball are back from our break.)
"fund what is UNcomfortable!"
did we win scrimage?
haha bad team bad product. Good call.
Collaborator. RT Watching "Waterworld" this morning is making me realize my life is painfully devoid of improvised ziplines.
Pointless they only concern is themselves
Enjoying #AllStarWeekend with like rock stars
<U+266C> Later this year will be posting competions for Album Design & Songwriting among a few, With some great prizes <U+266C>
Come to Miami!
2012 48 Hour Film Project is Aug 3! We can't wait!
I wanna go see the Avengers ! Scarlett Johanson is so pretty
Heading out to the Roosevelt for a meeting. Can't wait to see if my vision fits into this space.
Multiple projects. Multiple opportunities. Not the old days, but....
Idc how you get your money, just long as you getting it than you good.. We all survive in different ways..
Today Wasn't My Day :/
Are we an accident in time, or part of the grand design?
NBC Sports Network to televise ALL USA games at the IIHF Men's World Championships from May 4-20. Former Pios Stastny & Butler on USA.
Watching computer reboot. Have been watching. For half an hour :(
All is well in my world tonight. I leave you with love & hopefullness.GN
Our Hydration Specialists will be at Rolling Hills Spectrum handing out ZICO samples 8:30-10:30am. Get some for your workout!
I accidentally slept for 7 hours. Apparently my cat slept with me the whole time c:
Just saw that and thought the same thing! Hahaha....
Would love to tell you more about Nextdoor. If you are interested please email . Have a great night!
I watched your video. Are you trying to become a successful singer/musician? Maybe I can help. Let me know!
MILE HIGH CITY STAND UP (:
is smoking on the dance floor!!!! Wow!
America's dependence on fossil fuels
Deep Song by is a fantastic album, it just is, deal with it.
My momma love them damn old movies man.... we jus watched Stella Dallas back to front
At least to the level we have taken it. iPhone's made in china for an even higher profit line to an already great 1
i only eat them with milk tho
The bus coming from Ballard smells like the ocean! (^w^)
Thanks for the follow! Am happy to
Tried Out For Talent Show And The Audition lady Said We Killed It!:D
yes my cuzo is the beat using his gift from God sinxe we was little at grandad house keepin all that noise in da basement
honestly we were so ridiculous i really dont know i have like 6 more and theyre all hideous and picniked i h8 us
Got to luv ya <U+2665>
Much appreciated and provides very useful information, for my followers definately someone to follow!
#20topfavouritesongsever Mariah Carey/Bone Thugs - Breakdown
Jets could. RT : do you think anyone will jump to 3 and draft trich leaving the browns once again with short end of the stick?
I'm with you - a few well-chosen items do it for me. :)
secondary is the best, trust and believe.Middle school and elementary might seem easier uo until you hit the real life classroom
I can't wait to see it!!!will it be another music video??
hey Damon! how was your day today??
I was the one who let the dogs out. And I'm proud of it, dang it!
some dude at taco bell was trying to offer us a free, brand new home theater system, and my dad said "no thanks i'm Buddhist."
wanting to tell someone how you feel, but being afraid of it all just falling apart, and becoming a disaster
Goodnight Jordan
Touchdown Pittsburgh
Oh shit im done
check out our spotify channel man
lol I didn't ditch y'all ! Lol you didn't even go with them either that night lol && whatca drawing !!?
-it feels so god outside.<3
we use a cloud platform to address this problem; our approach preserves the original app format on mobile devices
Only 2 hrs. left! RT We're giving away two tickets to all day for new members! DM us for details.
up down up down lft rt lft rt a b a b start. Get some
Hit No. 3,142 for Jeter passes Tony Gywnn and ties him with Robin Yount for 16th on the All-Time list.
Is there anything more meditative than painting miniatures? The answer is no.
As a native of Western NY, I have to say: yes, the wings. But Beef on Weck is not to be missed.
Let me know if you want to know anything else! Or contact , Queen of All Things
I heard abiden and Clinton could switch places in case Farrakhan crazy azz right re assazz
Philly philly philly here I come
AV club in full effect at
Of course it exists: the term "swingles."
I definitely like Comerica Park, have a sister and brother-in-law who live there-that made trip good & the casinos LOL
Got a lot to do to get this twitter going...need some followers...FOLLOW ME BITCHES!!!!
ILY please follow me:D x
Get some pictures, Ward. I don't believe you.
#Chulavista city hall looking pretty empty as employees readying for holiday closure from Dec. 26-Jan. 2.
HELL YEAH!!!!
great. Orlando Public Library is getting a 3D printer. we were just getting caught up with eBooks and now this.
By now I've gotten like 3 letters from interested colleges..and they're all in New York. Okay I don't know who gave them the memo..but YES.
Unto you I pray mighty Negus safe us and protected us my lord an majesty heart a luv mi frens on the sabbath morning!!!
Was gonna go for a run..but no I had to do homework instead.
has a free show at the Intercontinental Hotel tonight, music starts around 10:30...gonna be a great night!
I can tell you the non-3d version was awesome.
I don't know man, I'm just glad is back <3
HA HA
"A day without sunshine is like..." -eh night? ;)
you're awesome!! can't wait!
Apparently our first chuggers thought it was a sipping contest. Show us what you got.
Don't be afraid of saying no to the "wrong" renter - why risk your good tenants?
Your my best friend my baby there is no doubts or maybe. you give me butterflies you make me feel like i can fly
My cuz hasnt done anything but x BOX 360 fo three days
My mello has officially been harshed.
Office A/C fixed this AM... humbled by the support from our neighbors bringing fans and offering spare offices... good people in
niqqa u don't smoke
Happy Birthday!!!
Riley Reiff #Lions. Last year, it was Nick Fairley sliding at d-line. This year, they get Matt Stafford a needed young protector.
hype ass.. Take yo goof ass on lol
Our Family > Lol... Text boo boo... I need to tell you something ;)
have you seen our adorable hand painted slobber snaks biscuit jars?? go to www.slobbersnaks.com (gear) and orders your today!!!
Thanks for the follow back yummy hottie. Love a dirty boy.
I hear y'all. Life's a bitch.
Report: Competition cuts down Medicare fraud
thank you for joining us again! That was a blast!
We will be closed for the holiday and reopen for business on Monday morning. We hope you all have a great Thanksgiving!
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother Your role model is Yaris Sanchez.
It's been five days since the last time I was at my apartment. Two more then I'm back in good old Burbank.
The best highs come from your worst lows
that's better than Boyz II Men - End of the Road... "...It's unaturaaaal..."
Terrence Is Too Sexy I Would Marry In A Second !
“: much love and respect can't wait until you and finish the new record”<< Yes, it's going to be a HEATER;)
better not be no bitch !!!!!!!
your a lucky man DC! Big fan of yours here in Chicago for over 20yrs. Cant wait for the new album.
i just just got $3.52 for buying a peoplestringcar magent on Vista Print
no more soap?!! Sweet, so that's her name then....Nina?
Belmonte has the best waffle house on the planet
ha! Something happened with the display :(
Seriously, police motorcycle escort from the airport is cool. If the other drivers only knew we are nobodies. I know I'd be pissed.
good for you!!!!
Just watching Keeping up with the Kardashians!
Just spent the entire day biking around Copenhagen with Mom and her boyfriend making stops for beer, food and sight seeing :)
Had A Great Day ! , I Hope You All Did Also ! <3
We're looking forward to the winners announcement in November!
Travie McCoy is in love with cheyenne
Catching up on American Idol...DVR'ed it. Don't know if I'm feeling Aaron Neville Jr...
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there!!
Me too!
you should really visit Kansas city one day...the people here r pretty amazing :D lol follow??
:) i guess not
Go to sleep lol
Alternative rock band in NYC seeks Bass Player! Send your info to
Quick Reminder now offering discounted room rates & show tickets to see Celine Dion. @ Caesar's Palace in Vegas Ticket prices from $55.00
oh nice! you are going to USD next year? you should come to my gig tonight in downtown Denver at Summit Music Hall.
Dear tea party folks: a photo Pres Obama's face on a chimp's body is racist, in case you didn't know.
you beez in the homework boo <U+2665>
You're welcome :)
there is, stupid
but really, where is paul rudd and why haven't seen him yet? time to work the social seen yinzer-style for results.
Why do models always look pissed off in casting waiting rooms? And why is everyone so quiet?!
Our cousin turned 15 in october&all she wanted was a follow back on our shared account (this one)&she still never got it :(
proud to have you as a CAF athlete and excited to support you & your athletic goals
"Ladies & gentlemen please dont panic. But scream. SCREAM FOR YOUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER!!"
RT : Take action when the idea is hot & the emotions are strong. Set up the disciplines asap or the intention grows cold.
LASER HAIR REMOVAL FOR WOMEN: Full Legs only $140 Pay $80 for Lower Legs and get Bikini 50% Pay $40 for Half Arms and get Under Arms 50%
I'd better be on the list.
MDC spring graduation <U+2764>
We r in the thick of things . It is bad. Eyes barely open but still making maps.
I think I'm in love(: he's cute, he's funny and he likes 1D! :)<33
DC, Philly, NYC, Jacksonville and back. A traffic jam and worry washed away by 3 great launches with wonderful partners of MyFreeTaxes.com.
*watches do the vagina vogue*
So weird when a guy walks into the bathroom and it sounds like he is on a conference call while taking a pee.
"yo teeth so yellow, when the sun look down on you he be like 'that's my boy!' " rotfl Georgia killed her
nigga, the game ia actually good.
i just hope they're serving beer in hell
Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?
Failure is success if we learn from it. -Malcom S. Forbes
Today in the office are doughnuts, chocolate cherry cheesecake bars and pizza. I am enjoying (OK, not so much) peanuts in the shell
Sitting by the water, writing music #SpringsHere !
Happy National High Five Day! I haven't been this excited about a holiday since National Polite Head Nod Day.
for real and it's only 15 dollars bitch
Pounds Of Tattoo supplies For Sale.
Not sure what to do today, waiting til Wednesday to get #Mockingjay in the mail...guess I'll read The Rum Diary!
Seriously? Also, why are they only $8? If you can go to a great live music show for less than a movie... insane.
I love my God-kids to death. But I have a serious migraine after chasing behind them yesterday... #RethinkingKids :-/
Who will win the #MLSCup? Who do you want to win?
Thanks!! Enjoy the tournament - great day to play!
well, you were rude to that broke girl. but the other girl didnt need to step in
Working a 14 hour day with talented people is not just fun but easy.
follow me so I can reply to ur messege because twitter wont let me
And they are so
When people vent & put all their trust in you >
Just built a house on idgaf avenue.
Tmi-ish but I LOVE my new boy brief underwear. Super fucking cute/flattering and comfortable. :) And with that, good night.
Pan Ass Maniak Put Me At The Table, Shit Was Starting To Get Wierd
On tour tomorrow . Any friends in Miami?
I let someone borrow one of my signed CDs and he lost it! He has no idea how bad he messed up. I'm so pissed!!!
#SDSU #Aztecs Basketball move up to #12 in coaches Poll! Waiting on AP.
Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a f*ck. I like that line !! loll
omg! You have 11 followers!!! :) haha
I see the coveted George W. Bush endorsement has arrived.
that was a beautiful animation! and it was so nice to get to talk to you and learn more about your projects :)
All these interviewers are saying Justin is all mature and I'm like, no he's not. LOL.
mayybee! we'll see =] legitimately not sure yet. and we'll be in Jacksonville april 13!
Sad to say; the rain has cancelled this morning's 7 Mile Bridge Run via
Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Scavenger Hunt Party Game.Enjoyable Parties Guaranteed With Downloadable Ebook(r) Packed Full Of
ya know when people tweet that stuff I'm always worry that I might just be dead inside. Luckily I LoLed.
YOU TWEETED!!!
En route to meet with about a #documentary he's making.
broke my heart.. smashed that shit into little peices.. probably already on to your next one huh..
Thank you! Always appreciate your support :)
Blunts>the world
dont get a lot of good baseball talk anymore. Appreciate the response. Take care
Follow because he's real
HEADING DOWNTOWN TO VISIT MY NEW SCHOOL.....
The finest..
I was just gonna show up to your house even if you couldn't ..
#ndsamtg Day one was great -- terrific insights and input from all. Very constructive review of work and focus on future efforts
geez, another one?!??!
YEA I HEARD
OMG HAHAHhaha I QORRY ABOUT HIM.
working on a project for custom lapel pins. Theme:
attention anyone in miami? does anyone want to do anything? I'm bored as hell
Life is short but a smile takes barely a second.
fallin' asleep to justin's beautiful voice;-) #TurnToYou <3
Thanks, Ressa. See ya.
Flying home to L.A. today. Ready to get back in the mix and book some jobs!
Re Saints vs. Pats punishment sounds like Saints are paying for lying and hiding, opposite of what NFL said Pats did?
U dont have to be thin to be beautiful or attractive. Being urself and haveing confidence is all u really need
lmbo! Why the straight face?
good morning how is youre day going so far
Saturday 1:15-4:15 Shoulder and Heart openers workshop, Yoga Tree Castro. The heart of your heart, lets meet there...
The #Aztecs are starting to build a nice lead 57-46 with 6 mins remaining!
yeah I think they did. I will follow up
I bought it but there appears to be a link going around.
Sipping a Vitamin G while awaiting my Shamrock Special to go. It's larrapIn'!
I love mine. Warning though. Every other monitor will feel tiny from now on.
Q Cafe is now open! Don't forget to stop by this morning and grab some coffee and a vegan-friendly pastry!
did laundry, now I cant afford to see the avengers anymore
very cool
": tell ur followers t tweet me fan questinsss" (Anyone have any questions for me tomorrow?) Ask
Hoping to start this MLB season off right with a Cardinals win and losses by the Cubs and Braves. 1 down 2 more to go...
exactly, i have spanish, it freaking sucks bawls.
Agreed, we have needed stronger leaders for a long time. Truth, Integrity very important
nah I'm trying to get nasty shredded
Demi Is A True Beauty She's Such An Inspiration<3
And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ.
RT i have the randomest followers #ohhwell s/o to
I concur! And people do get motion sickness, so Seamus' dia isn't terribly surprising. RT :
Anthropology 1010 – Signature Assignment | Carl Smith – E-Portfolio
Hey students, has a project for a freelance graphic designer. Payment in American food, drink and maybe some cash.
Your the best man ;)
Didn't get a chance to see my mans go off to prom but ill catch him today
3 days till and #outbreaktour :D
Huge fan of your work! Your birds were inspiration for my logo.
don't you love how the queen of rap always do her thing and keep up the good work!!
The countdown is on to Europe 5!!! Will you be there?
Thanks for coming to play on #BigTimeRushSeason3. Hope you had fun!
Although I loved both my Land Rovers, dealing with LR Capital Group has made me second guess another--they don't care about the customer!
I cant go to sleep.....this sucks:(
I really needed this, but now I'm so bored. D:
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: P.J. Clarke's - Streeterville - Pub (live updates)
Twitter obviously knows nothing about me, if they want me to follow a sports team...
Regurgitating the lines fed 2 u isn't talking sense either. Your statement here is proof of that.
I will be one of the Zombies infecting the OCCUPY group of NYC today in Bryant PArk!! I will post pics!!
We're broken down across the street from an old auto shop.
turns out, I do follow - but thanks for the heads up!! We'd love to feature it on - let us know.
my 501st tweet goes out to because idk what I'd do without her
love the muppets
ONE ACCORD (Jn 15:4) Abide in Me and I in you! We can produce nothing alone; we need God if it is to have any LASTING VALUE amen. #Sir Court
All the nannies out there: What is your favorite part of the job? We wanna know!
Stay up late? Then you should join us for great Nite Owl specials after 10 pm. Wine & beer specials, discounted apps, 2-4-1 rail drinks.
But More is always said than Done
-*g o o d n i g h t fam:) bout to txt baby daddy/boyfriend until ii fall asleep:)
did both of you guys ever like the same girl? Lol
I Want 2 Follow My Dreams Nd Be A Singer!
Heading to the New blog party with
House of the Dead 4 is coming to PS3!? I NEED A PLAYSTATION MOVE NOW!
U went out with a bang on the #BGC much love
didn't realize you were in MN full time.
- Hey have another Bay Area event. Will tap you. DM me your phone
Follow Me :)
When are you coming to Chicago?
account may be hacked. Happens monthly! Will change password again. Thanks for heads up.
morning..rise and grind...follow me on twitter :)
#571 me; madison sabrinaa; T-Money (:
best week of the year: Cats win title, Reds season opener, and Masters weekend. Wow
i love rock the boat
If (operative word) the airlines had a clue, you wouldn't have to!
RT : Agree: We need to make education more about learning. Disagree: its about the tools. #intelvisionaries. TRUTH
HI there, Trying to get the hang of this tweeting!
I think i might go to miami next month i really can use a vacation
I a buy my little brother this really nice jacket he wants from Pacsun, he gets it in the mail yesterday, someone at school stole it tod ...
now I'm seeing on TV a poor cat fell 4 floors and was impaled poor thing!
Working on not cussing, so I have been using biscuit as the variable. I don't give a flying biscuit
Bill "The Big Unit" Michaels and the Chevy Sonic
At urgent care with my 5yo because adding a fever to our "to do" list was exactly what we needed.
Shut up and kiss me, don't need to tease me, you don't need to say no more.
Don't wake up one day wishing you'd tried.
No YOU are so sweet! Always great seeing you on our way in & out! :) See you tomorrow!
thank you for a great morning laugh from a follower in the States!
Icy morning in Milwaukee! Hope we all got to work safely!
2 Tix for tonight Celtics game For sale. Lodge corner 8 row 26 seats 10,11. Hit me up if interested.
what happens on the bus or with the bus stays on the bus.
enjoyed a fun panel, happy to connect w great people:
Congrats to #UArts 2012 Silver Star Alumni nyc downtown dancer Hilary Clark '98 and design guru '70 see u !
LOVE THIS. especially the create your own instrument! How fun!!
There are so many delicious Christmas foods & desserts to choose from, its no wonder the average American eats 17 pounds of turkey a year!
Thanks for the #FF!
He may be tasked to identify bugs in the game so that the developers can fix them
For real. I had a few high school moments tonight. RT : Ah the ataris!!! So good. I want it to be summer of '05 again!
Running off 450 Midterms. Yay, not really.
" yo, skipping the bucks, bulls, & jazz can yall dm me three games you could attend this season? If so asap plz
#Khedira was everywhere tonight. For me, he was the man of the match... Real Madrid back four as a unit not far behind.
Thursday Tweetcast: Sunny, lower humidity...highs in the upper 70s. Rain risk returns Sat/Sun - details on WSFA-TV from now thru 7am
dear neighbor, I am sorry that I laugh so obnoxiously loud.
This is the official Twitter for the Pittsburgh, PA based band Le Cachot. Add us if you wish to follow our happenings.
You're so sweet! I'm glad we made it into your top four. <3
I don't really care if you don't like me
That feeling you want someone, but they'll never want you again.
That's what you have tumblr/twitter for! RT See, I can't fangirl on Facebook cause like 60% of my friends are family so.
Imma get u a jersey dat fits for next season
#SuperBowl When in doubt do a Ferris Bueller commercial.
#WordOfMouth Referrals are the BEST! We appreciate each and every one of them!
I don't listen to people Wen I'm texting LOL:)
FML, I can't find a way to download music and it's pissing me off!!!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! SHES A #DIRECTIONER #ICONIAC #GRANDER AND #MAHOMIE ! SHE DANCES TO (: FOLLOW HER !!.
We can handle more categories than choices.
I think the three day hangover has finally ended. Plans for another are being hatched as we speak.
says 10% of marketing budgets, time should be spent on measurement
I'm sure it will too! I hope that it doesn't storm too bad tomorrow! Jakes car will leak on me!
we will see what the committee thinks
btw, you're twitter picture is hilarious haha #classic Meter in 50 years
Vote graham . #votegrahamgbt the power of directioners yes
no more ice cream for you! go sit back down in your seat!!
Miss you!!
I could help you with that. (Seriously, though: glad you're okay!)
haha exactly. Cotto ain't looking too bad though
Poised Creation network is on a growth spurt.
Fuck it. I'll take care of my own damn self :'(
agreed. Subject dropped.
Who needs to get their hair did? This guy.
If it's majority college students using spaces like Twitter, are we disseminating knowledge to ppl who might have access to the info anyway?
I think this may be the only context ever in which I might like this UI. Undecided, but find it appropriate to coll.
It was obvious!!!<3
We’re moving Twitter accounts in order to better server you! So please join us at for the latest Derby Festival info!
is sexy yummy
Oh my INGE.
The #RomperRoom is not fun today!!! LAME
How do you make those pictures?(:
I no longer prevent myself from receiving, because I now am aware of the judgements I've made about myself and my career. I release it all.
jim talk to me about ur Uggs slippers. Worth it?
who been following me
I'm so hungry right now, I can eat a horse, a pig, a cow, all in one setting; but I'll have to settle for this prune right now. yay
Top 5 shows?
well come on down!!!
Obama looked strong tonight, if not fed up. Liked the tone.
If You Wanna Co-Own You Must Use This Account And tweet Sometimes ... If Your Interested DM Me (: -Ally
Only 5 minutes south of the stadium, we were voted the most peaceful park benches in
Night tweet world. Gonna fall asleep to some Seinfeld.
bellydancing is cool...) (
yea I agree but too happy to not include everyone
Beautiful weather today!!
If you're a man 25-35 + and you're still playing games you need to be ashamed of yourself. Get it together and grow up.
Thanks #Austin and #SXSW for a great festival! Although I think a cleanse is in order. See you in 2013?
PL accuses health ministry of &#39;swimming in lies&#39;
So? He's still dead & can't defend himself. All Zimmerman got was a bloody nose. Martin was fighting 4 his life, 4 God's sakes!
I doubt it. All Mauldins rule!!!
thanks so much!! :)
it's alright, the capital itself is horrible! Don't take the states for granted!
If each day is a gift, can somebody please tell me where to return Monday.
A running toilet can waste a lot of water. Replace your toilet’s flappers (water control diaphragms) & fill valves every few years.
We've been hittin the studio hard for the last couple of weeks!!! GAME DAY IS ALMOST HERE!! The NY Rebels & Lady Rebels are getting ready!!
Oh man am I loving Charlottesville 88.5 24-hour NPR talk. Never again shall I suffer through boring jazz while waiting for Fresh Air.
Can't wait to these folks leave so I can just chill in my boxers.
you should make a trip down here...Cheryl did :)
ah I cant wait to hear the new songs :D
When creating content to build community keep in mind that if u don't think your content is cool either will they
A mother from Northamptonshire has met a paramedic to thank him for saving her week-old baby daughter's life.
A Peek into the Black Friday Mobile Crystal Ball Last year on Black Friday 5.6% of consumers visited a retailer ’s website via their mo
you must be a model
idk my sister ordered it for me. It was like some strawberry minty thing. Everyone knows how I love me my mint. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083>
Was McGhee just whistled for tickling?
It sucks seeing 2 people who were so close, become so far apart after they break up
His YouTube channels Yoitsmau. (:
Money N My Pocet N A Couple Albums Droppn*
think I finally figured out how to hook Twitter up to Facebook. I am technologically challenged
small news coming in a very long time. <3
CHI-TOWN stand up!!! The best city in the World!
last year I gave my sister in law one of the #punkybrewster seasons on dvd. She was so happy she cried.
The strap from my shirt just popped in class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Do not feel obligated that you have to add your "2 cents" unless what you have to say is worth more than that!
done. You are welcome.
Writing about a subject deeply personal as a journalist is probably the hardest thing for me. I want to rant and cry and yell all at once.
Another hard day at the office working on this #HTSSS12 x design ft. w
Aw. Sleep on the way there. Take a pillow. Good advice? No lol
RT : I'm glad God allowed me to wake up today! >>>
WE OPEN TOMORROW!!!! come visit us for lunch!!!!
My birthdays today!!!(((:
Watching a Bigfoot show. I think I may have seen 1 in Lewis County, Ky. Or could've been my dad's wife mowing their yard.
#jerrysnsx Am I still getting paid?
No worries, just thought I'd ask. Love to see the show!
Just WOW...RT 5 people charged after Chinese teen sells kidney to buy an iPhone and iPad - Xinhua via
late night phone conversations((:
I'll retweet it for you. Hope it helps!
why? What's wrong?
Had the biggest audition by far in my career yesterday, and knocked it out the park! Can't say much but more info to come, A major motin pic
is painting a great picture of how branding could work for
There will deff not be a third time!
Its going to be Great! RT: So excited to see Nina Sky perform this Sunday night at Revolution!!
We're having a meeting Jan 31 5:30 PM to introduce the next producer/curator of !!! Be a part of the tribe & join us!
#BCS title game prediction: Brent Musberger bets the over.
Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wallet - Sun-Sentinel (blog) Five ways to stop holiday lighting from burning your wa
Dropped my phone for the first time and the battery dropped 50%...
Agreed...Ellen is classy and cool!
Winter #luxury. Fresh raspberries. Yum.
Drinking too much 2nite? 1-800-A-HELP from 6p-6a A will get u and ur car home for FREE. Be smart, safe and save lives. RT please!
In those shoes you were wearing I would have paid to see you drunk :P
Ok so - G Road 15s in Big shots champ 16s in Silver champ game and 17s in adidas VIP Semis!
Aww, thank you! : We love our friends at ! RSW hoodies should be available after next week!
PAUL. i thought he was adoreable for jess.. but clearly there is some "tension" between jess and nick. DON'T YOU SEE IT(:
At the Met watching the Opera La Traviata and the drama that is the old people fighting with each other right in front of me.
Interesting choice of preposition RT : Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum conclude their man on man meeting.
RT : Event Reminders 3/5 in NY, Minneapolis, St. Louis, Seattle, Tucson AZ, Boston, Washington-Baltimore, & Sacremento, CA....
Good morning everyone, Its another great day to be alive, breath the fresh Colordao air and be thankful for what we enjoy here.
According to some of our staff, the top 3 eats in the Big Easy are Brennan's, Bon Ton Cafe, & Cafe Du Monde. What are your faves?
WOULD love to see Crawford here
Barrera only wants committee to consider closing schools where kids would get a better education at another school
Just learned I am headed to Bangkok for an industry conference in mid-November. Exciting times!
If I heard him correctly, just said they're going to drive the #shuttle around DC 2morrow & take pics of it in front of monuments
Just a reminder: we have frozen yogurt flavors that include gluten-free, no-fat, low-fat, no-sugar and low-sugar options. Try us and see!
Luciano De Crescenzo~ We are each of us angels with only one wing and we can only fly by embracing one another.
thanks for sharing! We hope you are learning great action items from the book.
This is shitty
Some might say with your beard, YOU look a lot like Daniel Faraday.
I feel like the one handed man kicked my ass!!“: Yes it...
#youknowyourhighwhen you feel like your from that 70's show.
what is kissing? think about it.
": Has kobe ever been sweep in the playoffs" Last year Mavs embarrassed Kobe n Lakers so bad, Phil Jackson had to retire Sweep!
cause u said the challenge thingy u would wanna try ;)
LOVE chia seeds. I soak them in water and blend them in a green monster smoothie.
A mere 12 hours and change.
The semester for me and year have both been a tremendous journey. Struggle but success also. You are almost done. When times
Lesson of the Day: Antebellum Boston loved their ventriloquists.
I just watch your latest video on worldstarhiphop I'm really feelin' the video but more with the song
omg I'm seeing my babies on friday
Fab Design Tip: Keep an inspiration binder of your favorite decorating ideas.
love and miss you kat :)
“: Farcate (noun) State of over eating”
Celebs do festival chic
Find a little wiggle room - Bangkok Post
Jennifer Hudson wore it better
that shouldnt stop anybody lol, do you have last lunch?
"if I am louder will you see me,will you lay down in my arms & rescue me cause we are the same u save me When you leave it's gone again"
Doing good how about you
Seriously, a possible movie offer ? Fingers crossed. If they can make What to Expect While Expecting a film, they can do it
Hatley Branch Library Senior Pot Luck, Tuesday, Jan 3rd 12-3pm. Bring a dish to pass. Bingo and cards. Free blood pressure screening.
i'm not even hungry, i'm just eating because i'm bored.
same here my problem is i really like this girl i work with she is married and she is going back home to colombia and nothing
well it's done already handy copying
you're loser
Happy Birthday!!!
If I could make a living out of loving you I'd be a millionaire in a week or two
Such would make citation easier, free people from expensive proprietary software, and, I think, contribute to preservation.
We done!!! RT : if I was I wouldn't tell u anyway
We can call you on her house phone!
..."as if they were yours, Daddy."
FBCD BIG BIDS!!!
": Dame my followers are Beautiful :-)"
"You're a talented writer. Why don't you do more with it," he questioned me. I smiled and shrugged.
Ok, it 6:17pm and you just turned the online stream on.
We’ll tweet five #SunbeltTT questions today. Each correct answer with the hashtag earns you another entry to win a box of cereal!
Its thursday so make ur way over to 2nite... video mixin all nite! Ladies get in free all nite...
It's our proud boast that our CD & Record has over 250,000 rare items in stock.
do you think they will stay at # 11?
thanks for the plug Jonny!
No matter how many naps I take during the day, I'm always ready for bed when nighttime comes.
Major Melvin Russell was our speaker today. What an inspiration! We hope you will join us sometime too.
true enough indeed.
Laughing at the enthusiastic Z-Bo fan after the And-1. The Internet need him.
I predicted Octavia Spencer will win the SAGS and she did! Totally love and admire her
goodmorning everyone! muah!! come check me out at topnotchescorts.net and also alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Had a huge crowd at our Ambassador info session last night. Missed it? Join us tonight 6:30-7:30 in Butler Boardroom.
Rebel America Inc. lands placement for Photography Web-Ad Series. Congrats to Songwriter Alicia Pavlis and thanks to Jim R. on the assist.
Iria a lo del domingo solo por lo de Mcklopedia.
And maybe a silent night remix?! Haha
It's officially May: Green Thumbs Up month...and the gardens were watered for free today!
Web site authority discussion related to recent, naive Museum News article "Let Us Now Praise Museum Authority"
Always have traveled internationally with Verizon and had excellent service on three continents.
haha love you!
How can anyone think can fix our economy when he thinks encouraging education beyond HS makes a snob?
“: you going to the match today?” yes, are you?” no supposed to go to Stl for Easter. have beers for me!
Glad you enjoyed your Museum trip!!
We've got some exciting news coming this week!!!!
okaay . good job !
I'm excitedly awaiting the Death Scroll. A twisted display of posthumous popularity. I love it.
Heading to my pierogie making class with apron and rolling pin in hand! This should be fun!
The food & drug industry, politicians, and medical professions have a strong interest in making money and not in protecting our health.
More police and media than protesters at
I'm following your girl. :)
WHAT! #mindblown RT : "Bye-O" RT What is the correct pronounciation of your last name? I've $10bet on this.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
It's not the men in my life that count, it's the life in my men. ~ Mae West ~
Please FOLLOW ME I REALLY REALLY WANT TO GET TO KNOW YOU AS A REAL PERSON NOT THAT BIG HUGE STAR! I KNOW THAT UR A REGULAR KID
I must admit I've never tried that lol... Kinky
Forget what you heard. The key to your success is mastery of your mind!
Let's take an actual ride through a Rep. Brain.
Hi, Thank you for the follow. I love your Sangiovese and Syrah wine. Both are delicious -- and made in San Diego!
Just had the WORST customer service I've ever experienced calling about my #Uverse bill. I'd like to talk to a manager.
Home today -- vacation day!! On the agenda -- organizing, organizing, organizing!! cleaning, cleaning, cleaning! Oh and coffee!!
This NC amendment thing has me depressed. Gonna go watch a movie and try to forget how many people think I don't deserve equal rights.
fasho fam, you know i always got something up my sleeve... things are going well though, whats good on ya end?
As my great-grandma used to say: "You know what they say--the first hundred years are the hardest." Died at 101.
Have a Good Night! Sleep with the Angels.....I Love You!
RT'S MAKING EARTHQUAKE'S WHY??
and the tech req'd to make a good video recording is cheap (75$) but I hear hotels make $$$$ req'ing confs to rent their equipmt
MAHOMIES - follow she had about 32k followers and then she was hacked.. help her gain some more(:
ja rule & ashanti was the shit back in the day
you lost 25 pounds? Holy shit. That is a big number. How did you do it?
- hey there.
A tsp of raw honey will help soothe and heal that.
you bitch!
Come on #louisville...you can do this..
Where is everyone going to be about 5?
Have you seen cannabis heal someone other than yourself?
Me too, I agree! The #foodallergymomarmy is the best!
you already know <U+2764> haha
Work thinks I have class today. I didn't bother to correct them. I think this calls for an Everwood marathon and a day in bed!
right? Like all I want is a picture
That is the general consensus.
so, um.. can you show us miranda's ring?
I have!
Can't wait to see #TheHungerGames SO MAD that I haven't had the chance to yet!
I Don't Like The Fact Of My Big Broo Gettin' Cool With All These Kennett Niggas .
Time to take the first half of this day out with a JUDO CHOP!!!!!
RT : #WhyILoveMuseums it's a way to see the world through someone else's eyes.
: #JaxState is thinking of our friends at #VaTech - RT if you're a
We love your blog posts !! We'd love you 2 guest blog for us!! Interested?? U can reach me at :)
thumbs up if you feeling Wale when he said "Teacher fucking up your last name"...I am a witness #OMONaija #No Shaking
touch ~/Dropbox/katie/*
Jeremy from WGR too. Kicked him to the curb a while back
Thanks for the mention! :-)
Oh I should look up Anthony Bourdain's recipe. I'm interested in trying a new cooking challenge.
Balance feedback from customers with your own vision
All the time!!!
We're not against rap, we're not against rappers, but we are against those thugs...
Football I love you and Welcome back... :)
Le final es complete and I am officially done with my Real Estate Economics and Market Analysis class! HOLLA!!!!
I wanna turn my room into a ballpit with all white balls. And then, I wanna find at the bottom of it.
does anybody else hate commercials as much as I do???
Thank you! Why must people be such eternal dummys?
Yes, my bag arrived at 1:30aCT. Such a relief. London/Paris? Business or pleasure? Next mission Tweetup, u need to come.
Sure wish that "luck" tennis pundits say Fed has would show up for some of these "random" draws. Sheesh. Go Roger!
Own yr negative keywords. Tess, Steve--this will work for u!
so did you like the movie?
Y u wish to play with me go to bed
my turn for a s/o
Glad you like it! we are trying to get our touring schedule solidified soon we'll let you know when we're coming to Bama!
Good morning Andrew Humphrey! How much snow should we be expecting all together? When will the snow first start to arrive???
i love you (: its actually our poor girl c-rob. <3 shes doinnn a good job though!
RT IF YOU USED TO CALL THE PRETTISET CHARACTER ON A CARTOON AND CALL IT YOU LOL..
Just saw a nice older couple sharing a couple mini milkshakes. :3 Daaawww moment.
I am honestly beginning to believe that today's #youth don't have a strong relationship with soap & hot water
Can you pass me your digits - my 646 number is in nyc and I'm in DC til Friday... WHAT UP?????
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
Is this tradition now that we have witty banter after midnight?
nope too far away from OKC
NO I DONT WANT NO SCRUB
#spoileralert So even just talking about K, without any pictures, is an aphrodisiac?
on my way to shoot my very first Hip Hop, Reggae music event. Yyyyaman!
I still want to know more about the Dharma initiative.
Bed has never felt so good.
Sean is awesome
idk we have to do something... Lol
thanks man! I knew it wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea.
People just need to realize when I say "Swag" I am being highly sarcastic.
In today's mail: a program for a conference on the 50th Anniversary of the NY Mets, to be held at Hofstra University.
February Only! Spend $35 in our boutique & receive a complimentary Lexus hat or water bottle! Not valid w/ any coupons or discounted prices.
Wonders why I got home at 4am and been up since 7:30am #lifeiscomical #therapeuticreleases (this week was weird and got weirder)
Loved the Duke/UK one I saw, although I seriously question your judgment in schools. :)
Him: u gettn 2grown, dnt make me take my belt off!!!.. ME: don't threatn me w a good time!!!
We were looking forward to having you over. Sorry to hear about your flight issues.
Oh and btw my heart is... still beating... red ;)
You really can't trust anyone.
rt St. Pete: get ready for domination
Going to hang with daaaa boys and my girls at brown park. Then, Kayla is coming at 10:30 tomorrow morning. (:
you're a good man. Thanks for the awareness
where you stay at
Hey Adam, thanks for that Herzliya retweet. Nice to *meet* you there, though briefly. Congrats on FreeBeacon launch. Nice one.
Things are good, keeping busy! Had a quiet day at home together which was nice. How was your weekend?
Evil overlord tip #3: Protect your candy and explosives.
yes, downtown, San jacinto close to 59. Can't remember cross street.
I'm confused
thanks for the pep talk #coachwoodard. I'll regain focus. Onward and upward. #gobucky!
lol Nah, i've been ranting about this all year
Thanks for the shout outs regarding the Comm/Mktg internship!
did you know that In Baltimore - It's illegal to take a lion to the movies... I think cougars are legal though ;)
HAPPY 7th BIRTHDAY TO MY BABY GIRL...Tia u are one of the biggest blessings in my LIFE...I LOVE U SO MUCH!
Watching live. Insanity. Wish I was there. Live feed is the next best thing tho!
Never get high on your own supply
Thank God for Twitter or I wouldn't know when things I've done have been published or released!
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I was the agent to many soap actors
Question: What does the reboot mean to their flagship title...BATMAN: ODYSSEY?
lucky duck
#WordsofaWiseMan Its just the drugs bro
make your way back East, Stop in NY and stay here please. <3
Those are good cars!
The "bounties" did little in that one. All Talk!
Band practice tonight. With our drummer still out of town, it will be a song-writing session. Excited to work on some new stuff!!
I got a friend moving to Memphis. Church recommendations?
Wanna meet new people. Wanna talk?
Nothing like watching my mother on Say Yes to the Dress to amp me up for a big night at
Thanks for the RT Tom :)
follow me. PLEASE
Excited to get my Valentines gift from my always Valentine...my daddy!
Wow. This is really nice. I mean a really nice Tee. Tequila makes me crazy.
JUST IN...White Sox convention will now be the Andrew Shaw Convention! Now people will show up!
i want to be a dj, i want to be a great dj! there's just one personality trait that i have to fight, and that's laziness.
Thomas is counting on being close to us!
“: ChildPlzzz! Lol-”damn say no mo
because you allow it to be. Let the stress go! Effects the body badly.
RT For those attending Social Nonprofit today : check #SMW4np to see signs todirect you to parking. (pics...
We changed the binders so that all the tabs show up, unfortunately your history binder will now be hard to read on a small display
You were gone?
Despite national economic crisis, Steve Forbes spoke optimistically about Nevada economy at a packed lecture hall on Wednesday at UNLV.
Swag swag swag on you i sing at home ops neighbours are angry they are calling the cops? gotta go
are we still on for tomorrow?
has given an autograph for a #superbowlcontest !!!!!!! So who is ready for a contest????
Right? How do you feel about Jennifer Lawrence? I think she's perfect.
forgot to say a few days ago that I really like podcasts. Listen to 3 footie ones a week. But not everyone's cup of tea mind.
Nice seeing both and at #Coyotes - #Kings last night. Holy Jumpin'!
i understand! Ur products are simply amazing! Especially the eyeshadows! :D
The Tin Rum
I Hate Overweight People that's motto baby IHOP
I was just "singing" the whole thing! I like checks with a lot of zeros!
D.Rose been injury prone for a minute. Hope he good for the playoffs.
las nite really happened! I got Hangover pics to prove it! Lol
If people like u r care to no wht u r talkin bout they will follow! No need to pay !Keep it real!!
Thanks and for being our first followers!
Went to the Dr today and have an upper respiratory infection...fun fun! On antibiotics so hopefully I'm better soon!
Follow #tweet Yes! It's very hot & fashion forward + all glam! Excited about the new #collection can't wait to show in Fall2012!
Listening to for Pres album while editing photos.
I can see it...
Good Morning Vietnam!!!!!
shoot at trash facility starts at 11 am. Not 8am.
Check that...spending Sunday night calling the vet about the cat :(
Made sushi rolls w/ the girls. Our rolling technique needs work, my rice was too vinegary, but a solid first effort.
. good luck!
Watching "Everything Must Go". It's pretty depressing so far. Is this the story of Job or what?! lol
Keeping last night's tornado victims in my prayers.
Don’t let your meat loaf
Reading about 's trip to Australia makes me want to go even more. Definitely gonna have to happen soon.
Gnashing my teeth at the price of the conference #ala12 $220.00 really. Looks like if I can afford go ill be staying with the relatives.
Been working on Dr. Pappoe's Marketing Strategy this weekend. Getting really pumped. This organization is going to rock!!!
All the nominees are in: Jackson, Douglass, Farragut, McClellan, Lee. Who will be #POTY1862?
ooh ah. Let me know what you hear. *nervous*
me to
06 Le Vieux Donjon CduP. Rich, but still reserved. Very tight nose. Minerals, tar, cedar, black fruit. Strong lingering finish. 92 pts
60% of NEMESYS just crashed The Best Band in Denver finals in support of Denver Rock! So proud of this town!
please take a different route home. Love, your future wife.
Agreed. He looks like pulled something RT : Tiger looked like he was grimacing from injury but CBS' crew didn't notice/explain it.
It doesn't matter if the whole world thinks you're a failure, as long as you're a success in the eyes of God.
Any video bloggers following us?
Homerun ! What an inspiring,energetic group of doers. Made some great connections and plans for future projects. thank you
-sounds great. The process runs shortly after midnight.
#philly gettin desperate
need to go back to bed for a few hours... have a long day ahead of me
I wish we could have 24/7 Bryz and end-of-the-season Bryz at the same time.
Remember, comparison is the thief of joy. Always strive to do your best and let the Lord lead you in your job.
Watching kindergarten class use twitter at the School at Columbia - very cool!
I honestly hate when a parent asks what do u want when u give them a hug or act nice to them, its like maybe i just wanted a hug :/
Excellent! See you soon!
The reporters are now looking at the 2010 data set for Major League Baseball players.
None of those require a degree to obtain.
Sobering! How do YOU combat this trend? RT For every 100 FB fans, ~16 see your post (unless paid).
It's a good way to promote what our community is up to - and that Radiohead set was amazing. Thanks for sharing it!
Loving myself for having a bag of puppy chow at my bedside
Why can't Chris drew make a movie with other famous people
Going to an event next wknd with Jimmie Johnson. I family member just enlightened me as to why that's really cool. I'm #Nascar dumb sry.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no.
Tex is a great defender yes,but be can't hit lmmediately Cano walked,I should ve told yall Tex was gonno so that.look at his batting average
Nice move. CC/
I forgot my mo
i go to a ratchet school!
Support a Sister Giveaway Winners: His Revolutionary Love
you are horrible at responses. :)
My mom called to tell me that my mother's day card made her cry. Mission accomplished.
isn't "a Confederate Army of home run hitters" an odd comparison?
So it snowed pretty heavy last night. Something I've not experienced in 13yrs. That was crazy seeing that. Permafrost will be any day now
you drive a hard sale ;) /
spichael, if you see this, hi c;
Awake before Jesus. Total victory.
Here We go.
Of all the freakin days to have a fire in the building it had to be today.
My ankle is swole!
que le sucede!
Happy New Year to all Downtowner rlando & Lake Davis area. Catherine Steet
I hope you were besties :)
great speciall comment last night. Keep them coming
Manny is not anti gay or not even homophobic. He has gay friends too. He just don't support same sex marriage.
Yeah. "30-person line at Marriott Starbucks" would be a good one.
You just have to be willing to jump into unchartered waters and trust you will figure something out. -Marion Pines
baloo u from alabama
RT : Nope! It is #backupthursday after all. I'm heading to the office shortly. Well that's a relief
#TweetMeCody or just marry me :)
just like yo momma!
yeah, I have that shit locked down. Going in tomorrow first thing to replace keyboard. Sad pants.
Apparently Rees also threw a lamp at the cop but it was intercepted in the end zone #toosoon?
Happy Easter!
just saw it. Thanks!
there was a Roadster by my work in Pioneer Square this morning. it was silver and gorgeous and i felt cleaner standing next to it.
Alas no, I forgot we have a meeting with Ben's teacher this afternoon. Can you live tweet it?
When you overreact to something as stupid as a picture of a text
you should try to get Mos Wanted to lip sync to Call Me Maybe<3
*Wearing it doing anything at any time this summer.
This old lady better not be trying to talk to me all crazy like yesterday,imma judo chop her ass in the neck<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
could we get an interview with you?(:
Seeing him in #HungerGames was just YES.
send me a seahorse? :)
I find, my body is functioning more efficiently. My breathing has the potential to be very settled, almost nil at times.
Agreed my friend. So sorry he left.
Getting most in Kansas City isn't so bad when you happen upon good coffee.
The freaking Clippers into the second round. What's next? The Browns going to the Superbowl?
Person was talking about hitting a bar on Friday after maybe getting sushi. But "she wasn't sure yet."
Oh Arden you so classy
#FF #FollowFriday Graham Webster; Political science Ph.D. student, journalist
12 - 34 year olds more likely to watch TV programming online.
I'm with you! ;-) Enjoying my coffee and looking forward to the day!
I want to live in Canada.
at #apaie partnership discussions focus on trust between institutions. How much compromise is needed to create win-win partnerships?
Hi Linda, business is going great, thank you for asking. How are you doing?
New track for free download coming soon! Army Of One! Ephesians/Psalms are the inspirations!
People lie numbers won't.
filming later this morning for development. Will show them a diary or two. Closeup of hands probable. Darn my cuticles look like crap
Dear parents, we don't have time for education. We already have a full time job supporting One Direction. Sincerely, directioners.
« I wanna go to the movies today»
love the article. So very true.
Take a moment and reflect on your day. Give yourself credit for your victories! Make a plan for tomorrow...
A 4.7 earthquake (right near town) isn't my favorite way to wake up.
Site Administrator
right now some features of the Ancestry site, some citation info. use hashtag #dearmyrtle to follow along!
#happy sabbath! #teamjesus communion right now. After communion at least 100 times you'd think they'd sit on the right row. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> oh well.
Listening to Medifast CEO Mike McDevitt talk business growth. What an awesome business story!
Curious as to whether or not the Knight Riders can snap out of it by the end of the season.
French homework tonight y'all and I don't know how to do it.
I wish I could play softball year round...
Thank you so much for sharing the video!
Thanks for the shout! You've definitely !
Love makes your heart scream & your spirit dream. It's like being drunk on life & paying with a hangover.
so the guys who sing "Ratchet Girl Anthem" are actually pulling.... FEMALE hoes?
bout to get off wrk wyd ?
killed it on this week! hi-larious!
Have you laugh today?
Workin' on my tan.
Bye ! See you soon
Don't forget Peachy Airport Parking is giving away $250 to both the indoor & outdoor lots for March. Leave a business card with the cashier
Ahh so many different smells at the food court, but only one choice hm.....HOT DOG ON A STICK!!! :) o and a cute worker ;)
me too .
This AM: insurance appraisal, first food shopping trip. Will get back to work in the kitchen as soon as I finish this cup of coffee.
I'm going to make some windows shine today. Happy Saturday!
I hate learning about the holocaust :( its so fucking sad.
Congrats to for making it to the finals!!
I think it is because she was a 'normal' soccer mom that became something more. PPL are crazy for drama
Searching for Sugarman is a wonder
#imagine you are in austins room and looking at loads of pictures of him on the internet and you see hes not smiling in any of them. (c)
YOU REALLY DON'T have a SHRED of Honesty or ACCURACY in your biased disgusting anti-semetic postings. You are evil!!!!
So tired.. My muscle spasms in my back are back.. :( Took 2 muscle relaxers! Sound knock out very soon.. Z G'Nite (:
how bout you come make me turd nugget!!!
I really dislike iCloud. Going to try to get it off my Mac. Any recommendations for alternate backup and storage, photo stream?
A loss so ugly it had hair on it.
RT: #ThrowBack Avant "Seperated" u did me wrong...I thought u were true... <--- THATS WATS UP MY JAM
Leaving to Seattle at 6:45 am getting back home at 5:30 and then coming home to eat. Head back to school for Mr.Panther!!!!(:
nice job, Skippy!
those two are never gonna fight tho. Every time one wants a fight, the other says no.
Looks awesome! Congrats! :)
Ooh nice breakfast after an all-nighter goes a long way. At CafeBrazil
Let's go Pacers
R.I.P. Sister Maureen
#schoolmemories dirty ass freshman . Chavez . Rick almost taking his pants off in study hall .
there should be convenience store vending machines too!
for sure. I'll cheer/run combo.
bleu cheese is always a good idea
How come geneous is so hard to spell?
I appreciate it. The kind words and you giving me 2700 words of your Friday afternoon.
a pleasure - happy friday
Yes she pregnant...you'd be pregnant too if you didnt swallow yours.
You in there?
As Mae West once said, when I'm good, I'm very good, but when I'm bad, I'm better!
YOU'RE ALIVE!!!
done! :D
Will be getting IV infusion shortly. Steroids for 3 days then 2 weeks of pills. #ms sucks
I miss you too!:(
I am 100% James Word.
I typically have time for NOTHING these days : ( Nevertheless...when & where?
We were really spoiled weather-wise in March.
A night ride can clear the head in times like these.
See, all I wanted was a touchdown. But yeah, that game's gonna have some fireworks.
Honk Honk mr. Mandwelle.
how do you like your chocolate?
Cough, cough, sneeze sneeze...I am a walking advertisement for cough medicine. Robitussin, anyone?
No pancakes for dinner. NY strip steaks, polenta, & caesar salad instead.
#TheBestFeelingIsWhen you feel love in your heart for someone else!
wooot - matt flynn.. not a bad pickup!
im lonely...
Networking Works! The goal of networking is to create and develop relationships for mutual gain - Donnie Boivin
PerfectDisk allows Windows boot file optimization/prefetch -- PD places boot files at the beginning of the drive.
haha what part?
thats wut i though u goin to say i got a nice ass well fuck that ass plz
S\o to all my new followers! All new
I want a guy to sing to me. Even if he's terrible x)
Get used to these two words: "complete rebuild"
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I want food
girls are a bit more aware of social interactions we can't generalize too much.
asked a good question about natural gas vehicles
thanks! Hope you are too.
All Buffalo Bills Fans Get $10 cut from TheCut !! Specializing in regular cuts to the famous Stevie Johnson mohawk
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you're in darkness.
Visiting #drupa? Don’t miss the FREE special performance by du Soleil #Xerox hall 8b, starts in 30 mins
School is so boring. Especially when they block everything on our friggin iPads. -.-
Baking a cake 4 my b-day party! :) Vinyl shortbreads stuffed with melted CDs of my favourite bands! :) Yummy!!!!
my son vocabulary is just growing. dang he growing up.
good hope so too
Had good mix last year. Looked like roof was about to cave. Regrouped because good group of people. Liked playing together & being together
hey how are you :D
is Obama's address going to pre-empt the game? Go #Cavs!
bro! your kiding! Your phone will be blowing up! Lol
When you work out in the morning, ya just feel so much better!!!
Watch it for 15 minutes, you'll get 2 free Whoppers. Watch it for 30 minutes and you'll get 3 free Whoppers! NOTE:
a serious lack of sleep + serious depression + that 70s show= insights peoples moms should not see. i hope to god she doesnt... haha
have noone to talk to
Sometimes what you want is definitely not what you need
sounds yummy! “: stuffed french toast? Shrimp n grits? Sweet potato pancakes? Bottomless mimosas? join us for brunch & basketball!”
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Holy crap my moms a genius.
This is so very true! RT When troubled remember this... Everything is going to be alright! Maybe not today, but eventually!
A job is what we do for money work is what we do for love.
Kudos to on his piece on John Thompson. Nice work as always We will definitely miss seeing him in the 980 Studios.
44 years ago today the great King of Love was shot dead. Join me at Ebenezer at 5:00pm as we remember the life of this great freedom fighter
you better get those grades together before your mother whoop that ass Lol
Im my sons keeper.
I know Jalen Rose pissed at Stephen A. Smith and Skip Bayless lol. His eyes red as hell.
If u're not already, u need 2 follow He's wickedly funny & you may remember him as the ever dapper Luther Mahoney on Homicide.
Presenter at PHP group calls an #iPhone a "mini-computer". One can be only amused at the thought of a PDP-8 or PDP-11 in one's pocket.
ok so who wants to participate in a trivia contest, please reply to this tweet
haha every day for me
"I have to keep saying: My existence doesn't threaten urs. This is the humanization that has 2 happen & we need 2b a part of this convo"
Tempting,like JACK.Must walk away or it's trouble.Not something I can handle alone.Have 2 be watched,end up with a lamp shade on my head:O!!
Never thought I'd see the day that articles were about the pressure being on the #Celtics to "steal one" from the #Sixers in Philly
RT Watching Hannah Montana! Omg I miss this show!!! D;
Still thinking about the potential of ebook lending clubs and the role of the #library. Does overdrive have a future?
Perhaps they could visit specialists in other schools; differentiated learning fir teachers.
putting on makeup and standing in the mirror with no place to go hahahah!
hhahaha i guess that they would have to jerk of a lot ... and when i say a lot ... i mean .. A LOT
I will start talking to you hola :)
couldn't have said it better myself.
Instead of running or cycling for 60-90 minutes, I pulled weeds and did yard work for 3 hours. Is that equivalent?
Yurt best friend was here (:
Really proud of the marketing staff tonight. NCAA record 12,000+ at women's hockey tonight. Great job team!
If you want to breathe, as much as you want to succeed, then you will be successful.
"Happy people don't necessarily have the best of everything, they just make the best out of everything they have."
LORD has blessed me w/another day so everyone else have a blessed day!!!
Poster sessions. Madhouse.
RT : Niggas be gettin on my nerves g. Not Willow
Aloha from Hawaii
Final score of bout 1: Code Blue Assassins 162, Battlestars 97. Great job by both teamsa, but the CBA's just skated better.
The Best
you know that stuff only happens in ny. mylifeisny.com
#4famouswords I am the Walrus!
Made the soccer cheer and basketball team Yussssssss of too teach kids DANCE ah DJMS Rocks
I support you.Love<3
The mavericks better win, but they are getting killed by lebraun
OMG! are you ok?!?
Song for the drug smugglers caught in Marina Del Rey this morning: Last Dance With Mary Jane.
alrighty! I think the weather for Saturday is gonna be pretty well. Who's going again?
ditto! we need to keep in touch again!!!
If I'm asking $1000 for my computer, why would I accept your offer of $400? People are loco!
wen i say its 11:11 make a wish it gets blanked but wen som1 else does it gets retweeted.
they have a "dinosaur fossil" on display in their law building dated within last 10,000 years. Not a joke.
she walks on stage, 2 maybe 3 min standing ovation crowd goes wild for not 1 word yet. i c the realness AMAZING !
hows life?(: follow me pretty please?(:
Words are like feathers, they cannot be taken back
Looking for location in Seattle area & sponsors for 2 Conferences: Social Media Monitoring & Video for Web 2.0 Pls let us hear your ideas!
Smh. Son won't let me watch tv , his ass sitting here playing the xbox & losing repeatedly lol ...
Having a laughing fit over here with
yo what's y'all got bout 10 battles not released yet. How come y'all don't do a battle every Sunday
Seems like they are both great ways to keep track of books, but I wonder is there a benefit to having both?
oh. darn.
speaks the truth! RT Hands down best place to take comedy classes in philadelphia--for all those dragging your feet, sign up!
Audition Tip: Learn how to appear relaxed when performing in styles outside of your usual comfort zone.
Emily Davis will be signing her book, "Fundraising and the Next Generation", in 15 min. Want to meet her? Swing by booth #1112!
Once you've picked out and eaten all the marshmallows and just the cereal part is left, it's basically a bowl of Sucky Charms.
I just want you to know that I can't wait to see ya next
Will be the most active since 2007 for the triple net lease sector
BLUNT TALK RADIO Voicemail message system is up and RUNNING! #GetBlunted with us, and call in with what's on your mind at 858-431-6229
are sad.
Well in my opinion u did..... but nt anymre omg plz dont take tht the wrong way but now its over so lets jus forget about it
I'm awesome. And I fuck dolphins
Exploring shell fish for the first time. Shrimp cocktail...no reaction other than a grossed out face. She doesn't like it "yet".
hey man was that just you on sports hub?
They ain't complete but I'm getting em there. That's all thats missing.
aw <333 thanks evie :) i'm glad
I wanna see my tweet on tv.
Sunshine on this sunday morning. Just messing with quilting ideas and fabric. . .a restful holiday weekend.
Reece got greased by an alien? That's big.
Omg last night >>>>>
I've learned tonight if that I try to ignore the fact that I slammed the studio door on my finger, it still very much ouches.
Republicans are for tax cuts--except for working Americans. Call your member of congress and tell them to extend the payroll tax cut.
me too. It's very interesting to learn
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 !
Kind of pumped to see "The Grey" - gotta love Liam Neeson! Not so sure about some of the other new releases...Sneak peek at 6:40 a.m.
It's an easy thing to hate, but to love is an entirely different thing
lol nigga you BEEN followin me . what you mean nf ?? yo ass better text me too .
Will do Thanks
i know you love 10sectelesrater, check out iCoacher app, i cant download it so tell me how it is lol
never keep your kids from reality because it will smack them too hard in the future like, WHAT HAPPEND???
Congrats! I'll keep an eye out for your session! Should be fun!
didnt he refuse because his promoter didnt like the paycut?
ur being ironically retweeted. You're being CYBERBULLIED dude
thought that tweet was going to be about text gate.
Next best thing to publishing a book? Starting a new one!
Old school P.O.D. on the radio? Let's go!
I love watching IMAX movies on my iPhone. Technology rules.
Go look at the moon!
Glad to hear our pin was your favorite at #SxSW!
what is happening with voice artists? nowhere else to go? over saturated market? anyone can do it?
thank you! You deserved it too!
I NEED TO TWEET MORE
#RG3 is wearing Matlock's suit...
What size is it?
A Fairly Odd Parents marathon starts at 12 PM EST ONLY ON !
Thanks to Roneida Martin and Brad Jenks for their presentations tonight regarding WPDI and the Gurnee Chamnber of Commerce.
maybe a combination of the two
Have an amazing day!!
RT Lets come together, show support & thank for taking a stand for #MarriageEquality today.
The Teen Wolf trailer looks so sick
VP Joe #Biden gives his opinion on #gay #marriage. How does it line up with the President's thoughts?
Happy dads day
The family. We were a strange little band of characters trudging through life sharing diseases and toothpaste,
RT : Examine the importance of new technology and fabrication techniques to create ornamental forms
To attempt to live beyond what we know is dangerous. Not to live up to what we know is equally perilous. -Manly P Hall
my sister is a Facebook lurker. The only way I know she's been logged in is if she pokes me...
if you wanna see an nc show tweet at jonas sees in color and tell them to put us on their local 506 show : ).
Neighbors Notes for May 1, 2012 - The Advocate
Congrats man! Great game
has the most beautiful smile! He has lots to smile about now!!!
ima make you a sandwich kay? :)
The biggest lie I tell myself is... "I don’t need to write that down, I’ll remember it."
Hey Jenni! Can you give us an update on Chicago's forecast? We are a teen webshow that broadcasts live online
Thanks man!
Yucca comes up and candidates say offer deal that makes states compete
Hopefully, aliens also look like babies. The future will be adorable.
Thank you so much!! Looking forward to being in the same place!! :)
wat do u have against Madonna huh?
I'm a one woman circus.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
99.9% of Americans will never understand what caused the housing bubble.
Gloomy day in the QC...
Just redesigned my twitter homepage. Nite all!
Finally getting myself to read the lord of the rings books
I think my frustration is with formal tests, specifically the TAPS-3, TOLC. 'Pie in the sky' idioms
Proud of u bro.
- I personally recommend this company for all your website work! BIG Thanks for all your great work and continued support!
Thankful that He is still God, and that He is not swayed by other's selfish actions.
on Thursday! I can't wait!
What have you done for your business or yourself lately?
Had an amazing writing session yesterday with the band, getting ready for tour! Hope you guys are ready!
": I just saved a ton of money on my car insurance! (By driving away and not leaving a note)"
Hi there! How are you? Haha Thanks for showing some #love! LOL!
i always seem to wake up wit scratches and shit all on my arms!!!!
*grins* yeah you are making me feel much better *smiles*
Yes, and then when you think they aren't ya got your finger up your nose. LOL.
We'd love the chance to be Pres, but you're so far away! How about a location in Seattle?
Those smoker commercials??! Yeeesh!
I LOVE Sarah Jessica Parker!
Previous rumors revealed that Ford might create a Lincoln version based on the 2011 Explorer, but not much has been heard since
am I an a-hole for suggesting a pad of paper and a pen?
yeah, when i dont have so much homework and sleep to catch up on.
Laughing At Random Shit .... That's When You Know Your Tired lol
Everyone thinks they have a GREAT IDEA that should be bought immediately but most don't understand how much works goes into it all.
Learning real quick.
Any questions for from our Twitter followers?
#wcphilly How to write your posts: Keyword density (repeating keywords) is important
#BoyzAreBack ohh boy.tomorrow is gonna be emotional as HELL.
I don't get how the Mighty Ducks' goalie could be responsible, other than her being so hot that my car melted in her presence.
please follow me pretty please!!!!!!!!!
Come out and start the day off right with Int. Jazz with Bryan at 9:30!! Let's do this!!!
Contra Alliance #0 comic book under development.
but there's a special place in my heart for Google :) I need to research the products to see if one is substantially better!
I love how when I read books I end up talking like the characters a bit. "I might be after taking a shower beforehand it seems"
Thanks for the RT & MT & others :) TeresaY
hey Anacris how are you ?
i saw them. I was repulsed by you. Per usual you pig.
Thank you for trying to stop Kony. Broke my heart seeing the video. Hope u get the other boys to join!
Whitney Moses! You are TERRIFIC! We couldn't do this with out your help! Thank you!
this weekend thooooo >>>>>
S/O to My Homie The Streets Fux Wit Ya Homie
You gotta join the #littlemundster revolution! ronnie and his mundsters,lol
you kinda don't.. unless you report it.. kinda annoying
Did you get a dui "" I can help you, dont get stuck in the court room without an Attorney, let me help you, call me now 702-882-6007
Well I guess Bobby Petrino will not be doing commercials for Harley Davidson. But, he could endorse Ashley Madison.
always down to collaborate, don't hesitate to ask if you have a project you need drums or electronics on!
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil someone gets hurt and i wont let that be you
Best Birthday Ever!
Yet another reminder that, yes, Ryan Braun will be fine.
Follow Her!!!!! #TeamFollowBack#Team Follow
Lilga why do you like them?!?!
Walking into Kohls & hearing PYHU you automatically know your gonna have a good time shopping.
I am feeling thankful for 2012.
“: What's your favorite Hamburger on our menu?” The one that doesn't take 30 minutes to be served after ordering it :P
the show was good ! Great for our first gig !
What is the best way to recover from a workout? Find us at the in Phoenix this weekend and find out!
I can't respond to your DM bc you're not following me : )
Check out the latest fashions for a cause at Tri-City Hospital Foundation’s “Fashion that Heals” fashion show on July 19th...
That tweet literally made my day. Cheered me right up. Thank you.
Join Bob & Signe for a free Q&A about PitchFest at the Stand Up Comedy Clinic at 7:30, Fri, May 18: 1213 W Magnolia Blvd, Burbank, CA 91506
Jaguar Announces Future Powertrains
would you be interested in chatting in more detail about Switzerland Fashion Week on our show?
But then again, it was a good life lesson (:
Ready for SALSA ((TONIGHT??)) Cesar Bauvallet y Tradiciones @ 7pm, ABQ Museum Amphitheater, Old Town. Be there!!!!!
no national tv for vs sabres. Have to see on Center Ice. Definitely worth watching.
Linnton resident reminds us about the potential 4 a large earthquake. Asks that emergency mgmt be elevated in plan. Says watch 11th Hou
Today is the birthday of the Mustang! Happy Birthday to Baby Stang, Lady, and Chewy!!
So now you "TRILL", instead of 'BASED"?
“: likewise! Nice to meet and see you both. Great discussion.
Enjoyed the day on the Mall with all the people who came for the Rally to Restore Sanity. Great Jon and Stephen!
it's a show from the 90s about babies that are able to talk
Chillin at the new tattoo studio in San Marcos, TX. NO SURRENDER tattoos
It's getting ready to be a smaller world after all if the mouse doesn't take me of this fucking boat!
The smell of mulch in the morning.... *gag*
Spa Technologies' supreme seaweed skincare specialist -Dan Fryda- on the Kat James show. Click on our site and get a wave of inspiration...
We're doing a really cool photo shoot for our upcoming show BOMBS, BABES AND BINGO and we need a #makeupartist. Know anybody in Chicago?
Thank you Close for backing us!! :)
I want you
As Clint says "deserves got nothing to do with it." It just sort of happened. Not really a big deal, IMO.
Not feeling alot of people right now...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
When playing the mother on 3 1/2 men how easy/hard was it to play that character?
Our new sanctuary is all set to go! Spirit continues to flow!
Big ? from Wireless Wellness session: how do we reach the 45% who aren't interested in personal or group health tracking?
#IfonlyYouCould see me when u say goodbye
hahahah seriously!!! I love it
You do the same! Enjoy some R&R. The #WomeninAV have been working hard enough all week! :-)
Hahaha...I love how he's stuck on her dick for no reason.
. It's going to take me a while to recover from this. But a mini pizza and breadsticks at Noble Romans should help.
So glad it's Small Business Saturday! Wanna jump start the economy? Shop small businesses today and everyday.
wow guys i feel blessed right now i got a cute boyfriend, amazing #WilDChildZ and i just have to meet 5 famous people :P
: ASU, hm? That's my school of choice for next fall. I'll be taking it online. And I dig your merch. Thanks for the follow.
Discovered an issue with 1Password syncing properly & dev version of Chrome. Support had a fix for me within minutes. Thanks !
in nyc and considering having solo korean girl karaoke woodshed session. anyone want to meet up?
lost to Griffin in slam dunk last year right?
Would you want me to write an initial No Meet W/ Corp Lobbyists Pledge ...
Check out our video of Tuesday's 17th Street High Heel Race, won by the fast and furiously stoned "Amy Winehouse."...
loved it
The annoying freshman in my Spanish class<<
Setting up jolicloud on dell c600. OS works great, but the pc is way too slow with 128mb. Looking for 512 pc133 so-dimm if anyone has one.
I need to get an oil change, my car washed, and fill out applications today. I think it's time to get out of bed.
Great to see you! Hope you had a nice weekend
Catch my feelings bitch
Rickey Gervais, funnier as Simpsons character or Golden Globe Awards host?
Warm up the bus time! Go Demons!
MTV was good asf like in 2005
Cause I'm A " Nigga " & I Want To Be A " Model " . I Have A Photo Shoot Tomorrow ^__^ !
Do you create a to do list everyday? I'm getting in this habit because I find I get a LOT more accomplished when I do:) how about you?
My hair feels so long today.... Hmm <3
Go #Patriots! Wearing my jersey!
I am going to see Hunger Games later today at the local multiplex
Gabe y don't you dance with Dejan anymore please awnser
Thank you everyone for comming to my Zumba In the circuit at Tierrasnta. it was full house. Awesome! Have a nice weekend!
Congrats to and for a smashing opening night
Love Pinterest! RT ANW joined PINTEREST! We're featuring a couple boards with production stills from the ANW vault and design.
RT lol shes on some other ish !!!! • always! that's your moms for you xD
Just going through the motions to get through the day.
I just picked up a newly longarmed quilt. Sally at Windy City Quilting RULES! And I can't wait to finish this one. I might have to make 2!
Sometimes the power goes out and you're just glad Twitter has an app.
Deep Seat
The greatest gift of all is Family.
Sweden, what I have to do to become a citizen? I'm willing to cook reindeer if need be.
Now is not the time to raise them when we have all this wasteful spending going on
You would be so Much easier to understand if u would just STFU!
Goin to bed. Not in a good mood.
I just started it. E!
Playing Michelangelo's this Friday night. CD comes in the mail this week!
RT : - Nuggethead would make a great Pez dispenser. < Now we're talking!
"There has to be more to life than this." - overheard at work
(Also googling "nap hotels." I mean come on, this is New York City, they have everything here, right?)
If I owned a pink article of clothing I'd wear it, but I don't so...
The doorman here looks like the Undertaker
they moved here to be apart of Reverse
cash money!!!
I still like you I just said that to make you think I am happy and proud
Are you happy just to be alive today?
was there supposed to be a link here?
Please Follow - Thanks!
Happy Mothers Day, to the most amazing strongest beautifulest women in my life. I love you, mummy. <3 xo
Praying pastors in time beget praying churches. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
Just signed up
People's hard work never gets appreciated ..... Smh
Telling jokes.
Is gaga a man?
I wish I was going to #Brimfield. cc: Have fun w/o me and snap tons of pics pretty please.
Hi Nice thought! What are your views on the #Indian #education system?
Your is on the way. No more pouty face. lol
Someone thinks I'm a library (or the head of one) & has offered me a free trial of a "cloud-based reference library". Looks very STEM, tho.
A rare sack by the#Packers...Packers need a score on this drive with 7:48 left down 10
once this rain stops, I hope to pedicab...but I may just head out for drinks tonight instead.
Dreamt that I got caught in a gun trade and when I backed out, Ron Pearlman tried to send me to Ireland
I feel the same way! I see larger counties were against. Like Wake, Durham, Orange, and Mecklenburg. Ppl here need to grow up!!
72% of online campaign ads are inadvertently displayed next to content deemed "not brand safe" ~comscore2012
what are you wowing? Lol
Trying to get to notice you but he wont<<<<
Support the movement please retweet to your followers and lets raise money! RunToStopDiabetes.com
Downtown wit the old heads looking for the bittys
This is going to be the best four hours of sleep...ever.
and standing at the play without the ball isn't useless too????!!!!!!!
you're welcome
"Lindsay Lohan Dines With Woody Allen In New York" #huffpost Will she be the next Mrs. Allen?
Thank YOU !
Thank you, Nato! MT for being one of the only journalists in the Yay Area who cares about comedy. And is nice to me.
Follow me n b followed......Limited Offer.....
Here's another great idea...let's camp in the Amazon under trees filled with hanging, moving dolls.
Back in KC - short stop drinking some Cep Rose!!! m...mutha f-n good
I'm afraid of the answer RT : With Morgan in a runoff does this mean we get more awesome commercials? cc
thank you for your <U+2764>!
If you share any professional interest in Postal Affairs, please follow me Thanks!
I love how supportive my dad is of me and my music. He told me he doesn't care how much money I'll be making, whether or not I solo...
"If you're going to dream, dream big!" - Wiz
lol i know right.....
My mom is crackkkin me up.
glad #cuse got it back together today... good prep for next week -
Read 15 art mags over the break. I feel simultaneously caught up and totally out of the loop.
this video had shown up on my tumblr dash on some woman beating her 8mo child ~__~
If you want to rail against guns and certain types of laws, do it somewhere else. Neither of those helps establish the facts.
RT : Loving my BigOven app. I have lots of things I want to cook/bake now!
always ignored
You'll never change !
You call it weird and I call it cool. To me weird is cool, so don't make fun of people or act like weird is a bad thing. So there. :P
In the market outcomes are for sale. Define your outcomes, focus on outcomes not metrics, find rational funders as buyers.
YESS!!! “: Luke: Webb is scheduled to sign his contract in Baltimore next week, so no press conference until then, per the #Ravens.”
There<U+FFFD>s a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy ... her heart
Justin follows you,that´s very very lucky (:
Going all Crazy for God on mother's day in Jacksonville.we have a special treatment for all the mothers in the building and the world
I will defer to your knowledge. Just notice way less controversy/issues in the BL than EPL. Seems England has the worst to me atm
how can u only hv less then 3K?
Happy Leap Day!! :)
RT : Meth. RT : I can’t wait to cook ________ in my slow cooker.
“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.”
Paul Weyland favorite quote~"Everyone who's ever taken a shower has had an idea.
Hi everyone!
Tell me how these actions relate to the "impartial" nature of the paper.
Got a job working at best buy computers!!!! Yays!!!
Nice. Do you know when the pub date is?
Thanks for the add...
Yes ! how many ?
hanging out with ...
where are you that its still light out!?!?!
LOL!! that is a FINE looking man!!:)
I hear lawn mowers outside, already out lawn mowing so early, WOW !!!
Still working on my drawling of hope he likes it when it's done gonna post it later.
as are you!
Has there been a band called "hairpool" yet?
lol ikr but I do that sometimes because the guy has a cute profile pic lol
NEVER MIND FUCK THAT LAST TWEET & ARE OPENING FOR HIM & WIZ. Yeah I'll be there.
Must meaningful thing I've heard all day: "...hurt people, hurt people...." Lookin back on life, I c that couldn't b more tru.
"1 can put a thousand to flight,2 can put 10,000!" there's more power in us linking arms & joining forces in the Kingdom than standing alone
Water for Elephants is making me incredibly emotional. I do not appreciate this roller coaster of emotion.
Hi,it does
why are so expensive?...It makes me sad that i can barely afford them =(
Baltimore businesses can save money by recycling. Ask us how - Office of Recycling - 410-396-4511!
yeah! Still stoked about the movie.
I've noticed it's very common for Lakers players to have bad attitudes and anger problems... Im just sayinnn!
I love with all my heart. I hope that someday my dreams will come true and he'll follow me. It would mean the absolute world.<U+2665>
This is the definition of BULL SHIT! The #giants had that game.. GO FUCK YOURSELF GREENBAY!
Really wish admin had chosen some other name for its 'everywoman' #isthisgonnagoonforrestofelection?
Super impressed with marketing/content strategy. Will attempt to do similar things with
If i remember right...it's in January.
I grew up watching Wizards, and now it's over??
It would sell
You make me feel like I'm not good enough for you but truth is, I'm too good for you.
Everyone should stop by & get your Italian on or go w/ our Feat. $5 Footlong, Jalapeno Tuna, to get your Value on. It's got a kick!
what?? Guess I know where I'm headed today!!
He may be annoying at times & he can be embarrassing, but say a prayer for my bro tonight. In the hospital w/ one of his episodes. Love ya!
thats not saying a lot.
keep cool this summer man! We feel a small amount of your pain!
Attending session "Learning futures in the digital age"
don't know if ima b able to get tix for this club paradise tour,pure jealousy doesn't allow me to be happy for u
I should be getting ready to go out but I simply can't put down the book "Fashion Babylon"!
highly unlikely
does anyone so cheerleading? if so i need some advice for next year! <3 i'd love you forever
Was a good citizen and got my flu shot to do my part for herd immunity. The nurse was so good I *actually* didn't feel it!
Please take the time to follow
The decision has been made.... :)
I could watch Dead End Hip Hop album reviews all day long
Awww best friends :)))
The CM panel is missing a puppy AND Matthew Harper from Sony - he has great insights into Community Management cc/
Money can't buy you real love or true happiness, but it can give you choices.
#moreplease for me and #moreplease for you. i miss you. let's make film get into Toronto so i can visit.
Ah prom is tomorrow.
oh my gosh....need to tweet!
Are you okay, Unni?
umm.... you have butter on your nose.
can I have that lol
When I'm done working the breakfast shift, I'll have to read the directions and figure it out.
of course it is. But so what, its sexy lol.
I don't think the modern Republican respects how other people were born OR what choices they make.
Now...don't kick it to connelly!
girl she a mess good night tho suwoop I'm sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm obsessed with One Direction. Just a lil bit. I FUCKING LOVE THEM!!!!!!!
Everyone should go follow my bro and his bro !! both got madd swag!
same here - 866 only.
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend and sister from another mister Porschia!!!!!!
There is no place like home
that is insane
I got work period for this project slim #notbraggin. I know u gon get dat joint dat #boofini work!
OvariosMuertos x.x
Wow. I had a flashback about the Organ Grinder all of a sudden.
Live, laugh, love... LEARN!
oh my goodness, you're right. Yes...please. Become a Lebron fan NOW.
finish strong PT. Get that piece of paper and let me know when you get back home we have work to do
The are excited to be here #Engage2011 Thanks for having us!!
Right back at ya! RT : Bikram + Thunder + Lightening = Magic. :) Thanks for the extra push,
how long did it take u to make the world's biggest skateboad
Student printing is back up! Thank you, Technology, for resolving the issue!!!
I swear if I still bit my nails they would never grow back with all these OTs
Somethings are not always broken, it's the way you treat them that need to be fixed
f u
i'm gonna STOP caring for others as much as i do. because at the end i'm the one that ends up fucked (y).
CMA's, recording x-factor. :-)
Everything in moderation including moderation!
Just destroyed a room full of 9 year olds at laser tag!
Kentucky-bound! On our way to Paducah for tonight's show benefitting BEADS OF COURAGE! Hope to see you at there!! P.S. -- did I mention...
Man. My tweeps are dropping wisdom today. Love it
What's up?
What did the rest of the team do?
Video Games
Hey , who do I complain to about your Kindle subscriptions. There are some fatal flaws
just had my name pronounced with a real british accent. sounds so much cooler that way :)
Journal #3 is due to the D2L drop-box tomorrow. Happy Halloween!
ohmygosh... auditioning for beach singers today..
We can only pray we gave you a false sense of hope and you fuck it up. It is shit being a football fan from Sheffield.
hey Kare intern Brian here just wishing you well out in Cali!
What's gd people y'all need to go to brohydemusic.com n listen to tracks upcoming events n check out our photo gallery Brohydez we da bay!
thanks, buddy :) you're the best..
Enjoyed THE BROOD last night at - another Late Nite Grindhouse show, presented by !
Working on book order
warped tour, hurry uup!
ok you see my tweets! so marry me.. lol but please reply to my dm. i legit challenge u to a bball game in nyc. dm me if ur in.
That was some crazy s..t! I could almost feel the pain just by looking at it.
Looking forward to seeing and meeting all of the grantees tonight!
Good luck getting anything done today Ang! They are addicting. Don't download "Draw Something". Just don't do it!
What is Oppor’tunity in your Hand Worth ! www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
Santigold - "Desperate Youth"
I am working on a new dating site niche, I will let you know how it plays out.
Sorry Scott, beers on us!
time to go socialize, drink, eat, test out my new punkin bread recipe!
Have fun tonight! Bummed to miss, but I am taking a long weekend home on Father's Day!
Online college education helps you to amplify your scope of thinking. You can continue to earn simultaneously
Effie's corset was too tight. She died from lack of air. Sorry, she doesn't count.
i know what your going through, its hard, but when it goes away, you will be beyond happy. #staystrong <U+2665>
“: the holiday in a cup/herbal. it was delicious!” Try Pink Parachute next time, equally as delicious!
Sometimes I wish I would have started up a gospel group like I planned
same ol same ol man. How's college??
i love it when 16 year olds say "When I was younger" xD P.L.U.R.<3
If this lil boy don't quit humming "Rolling in the deep" smh lol
Gtg bye;( see yhall in the morning!!!
Here at the #cysummit- Can't wait to see and missing
Black Keys, who has an extra ticket?
up until this point ive lived my life w/no goals
hoping to see you get ur supa-fly on at our #80sNight at GOLD the19th. Bring bitches. LOL
I'm so scared to watch final destination 5. I can't handle these movies anymore :/ i get scared too easily D,:
glorious Shanghai String Quartet concert last night in Boston: hadn't seen each other in yrs. We must play/record together again!
Time for a little GOOD NEWS: The girl we reported missing earlier (Zoe) has been found and is now safe at home with her family! ;-}
North Carolina passed interracial marriage, you guys!
just need to win. even if lou williams lost his scoring touch.
Feels like a draw something kind of day. # boredtotears
funny thing is, i've been to more than half of the states in the US. it's time i broaden my horizons. in due time.
Mega busy day. Tracked 5 songs this morning, then overdubs after lunch, then 2 vocals, now have to mix 13. Gonna be d.e.a.d. later.
4 MINUTES TILL LAUNCH!! #NASA # sts134
Thanks for taking the time to look into the price of BCBS at GATG. Have a great New Year.
: ivy, she looks the part and needs a second chance. Even tho she has some issues
thanks for our awesome wordpress theme update for our home page. It's a pleasure to use :)
funny when a girl asks a guy "why don't you have a girlfriend?" what answer are you looking for? "cuz I'm a gay serial killer"
“ I'm thinking Danm .....I care a lot about Ur crazy ass...smh
#IGoToASchool where everybody thinks they know you because of what they heard
Got some good books from the thrift store:-)
hey sexy thing, how's it hanging bro
The only reason I didn't call and curse u is cause of ur brother....but still ..u never call
She lies and says shes in love with him!!! cant find a better man!
im getting dms lyk every second
See? The decision to move is already helping you pursue sth you love! :) Writing gigs in Jeff... I'll keep my ears open
Are you seeing a Smooth Jazz Christmas at the Mesa Arts Center? Stop by the Orange Iguana after the show for dinner and drinks!
That's right, we're taking over the world, one meeting at a time!
I'm having one of those "I wish we had White Castle" kind of nights.
Our Sunday brunch is a heck of a delicious way to end the weekend.
Glad we can help. Just DM us your preference of background. Favorite team, celeb, company, colors or anything u would like to see.
Woohoo! I'll be in China for 36 days beginning April 8th. I hope to bring you some interesting insights into the Chinese housing market.
just want it to be July
hacked the first day on twitter nice
Need not be well written; just enough info for learning strategists to know what students are learning
Im Justin Bieber You guys might know me as the guy who sings Baby You know, uh, I’m a singer, pop singer I’m white .. haha cute(:
Take a look at the link below and you can view articles form the past 9 months from our online race magazine! Great feature!!!
I may - or may not - have just ordered all the marvel movies
wait that was so weird I literally jsut logged back on a sec ago bc i finished my hw and than u tweeted mee haha and sure!
"The whistles and sirens from the yachts are heard... Until there is a perfect pandemonium of sound."- STRANGE INTERLUDE
Thanks for theRT!!!
doesnt even really say!
I'M A GOOFY GOOBER YEAH!
Nice brand placement by "Subway" on #Giants Justin Tuck 's jacket during Sportscenter interview.
NHL Capsules - San Jose Mercury News: STOCKHOLM—Bobby Ryan scored the only goal in a shootout and the Anaheim Ducks offset New York g...
Diamonds are a Girls Best Friends ..
If you roll a 20, you get Auchentoshan 21 year. If you roll a 1, you get Everclear.
Hit the #gym early this am with beat the monday
thinking about a comeback yet
Keep in mind our sample kit jars are all under the 3 oz. travel size requirement. So YES u can fly with it.
say what?
Agree! RT Combination of factors, conflicting frameworks, lack of comfort, perilous positions.
Why not. good luck
We must recognize that the suffering of one person or one nation is the suffering of humanity. That the happiness of one person or nation
Obsessing over our gold dupioni silk table runners for this weekend's tablescape... they are drool worthy beautiful! <3
Please don't open links coming from anyone else other than the hosts
How about 2) RESPONSE: HTTP/1.1 101 Websocket Protocol Handshake \r\n CONNECTION: Upgrade\r\n ... PARSE ...\r\n
EZTAXI :) RT : I texted yellow cab. What's the txt # for Flash? I didn't store it. They are so much faster, too
She really sang it well! RT : Love Kelly Clarkson!!!
Hello friends! Happy to connect with you on Twitter!
:Amazes me how a cookie can create millions of fans in Facebook and so much buzz in social media. Great job Oreo!
the weekend?
because your an ass hole! You have no idea what you actually want. And you really have no idea what love is!
Good studio session with passed up tonight!
Come on #Bruins!
Can we start tracking Peyton's whereabouts on NORAD like Santa on Christmas Eve?
Naa You Looked Hella Fine (well thats what I thought):)
I'll be able to make it through the rest of the day now that I know that Goldie Hawn ate at Cafe Milano over the weekend.
Plan: Wake up, Dunkin Donuts, Get Pumped, Not Sweat, Rock the Interview!
sometimes i wish i could just pick up the phone and say everything...but whats left to say?
not today! It's so hot! <U+2600>
is thinking about heading to bed!
waking up and its gloomy outside...my kind of weather ;)
Do something that makes you nervous each day. Try a new cuisine, for instance, or wave a sausage in front of a feral dog while skydiving.
This girl is the most sweetest person ever! Sorry lovee!
Hi !! We see what you're doing there!
When it comes to business success, it's not about the resources, it's about the resourcefulness of the entrepreneur.
Yeah, I'm thinking I might want another opinion once the choices are narrowed, but might be easier to get to that point on my own.
“: arrive to office. Only crumbs r left w/in minutes as co-workers devour these amazing crackers.”-glad ur enjoying!
Happy #Pi Day!
#Cybermonday sale of #onelight dvd has been great help to me in doing #NILMDTS sessions. #apollo Thank You!
you'd be a hot lesbian.
Thanks for the RT! It was so great seeing you & Saturday. The #FSFChicago event was FAB! Congrats!
OH. MY. GOD. Ryan is absolutely murdering the ball out there in San Diego.
Red Party tonight people......
#safehouse is trending..... lets get #traphouse trending too
#SometimesIWonder where I'm gonna be in 5 years... heck, even 2 years
haha thanks babe! :) is my baby brother and he like has no followers :) havent talked to you in a while.
Having my own wine adventure, just like Sideways. But instead of wine country, I'm home alone. And instead of wine, I'm drinking Pabst.
Preach it girl!
woke wit my loves :-)
Host a party! More than 80 fragrances and dozens of ways to enjoy them, Scentsy has plenty of creative gift ideas for everyone!
Specyphi tomorrow night at J&B tavern in Mt. Carmel come out and party with us. Going to be a big time Rock party. Wsg upNya
You Need Some Subs For That New Shit I Just Put Up Or Some Monitor Speakers Lol .
Norah Jones singing sweet melodies with Puss n' Boots
Probably alone on this, but I think the #advertising world does a pretty good job distilling songs to their best parts in commercials.
Its so hard for me to walk away but i know i can't stay<3
sorry I thought you may have been a PT I run a directory
Happy first day of spring!
Thanks for the Mention, have a Great week end!! Ridebsafe!!
EVERYBODY GO SUBSCRIBE TO youtube.com/user/ABTheRapper
Dear , please play 's single 11:11 . AND I WILL FOREVER BE HAPPY. <3
BrentwoodTNHome RT : Nashville Pizza Co. in Grassland and Franklin is donating 25% of all profits tomorrow to the Red Cross
Time moves so slow when Im at work!
I often find myself asking the question, Why do I root for the Chicago Cubs when all they do is put me through pain & anguish?
Whoop, my first blog subscribers!! So glad I won't be writing to a non-existent audience entirely. :)
Who's got it better then us? Noo-body!
partying on a friday..... YES
La Mesa man who lived in house destroyed by fire is in custody on unrelated charges: neighbors complain of constant problems.
you sure do seem to have some adventures
The shoe is just a pedestal of the whole body of the woman.Christian Louboutin
Drake and Rick Ross should of performed Aston Martin!!!!!!!
I love watching DWTS. And when my two kids are sleeping , mommy gets to relax.
S/O to making Moves that count...
Automated Business Products 4955 Peoria St. Denver CO 80239 303-778-0600 Call or come by and check out our show room. We have copiers!!
last night was a fantastic show with at
Be sincere; be brief; be seated. ~Franklin D. Roosevelt, on speechmaking
I can't believe it. The whole crew follows. #DontStop LOVEYOUGUYS. xoxoxo
just picked up my prom dress and jewlery
Best known for her work with #FleetwoodMac, #StevieNicks performing at the Fillmore tomorrow and Sunday at 8pm
Friday Humor: "Don't take life too seriously, you'll never get out of it alive," - - Elbert Hubbard
Their losin by 34 wit a whole quarter left to play
Everyone keeps bringing up Prom... Ugh shut up.
what up Oaktree
need someone to talk to :(
Tea bag made by tea leaves picked before Grain Rain:one of the solar terms. Boseong green tea is palatable to natives of the jeolla-do
GUD MORNING #Everyone.!
Going through my closet to give some clothes to #charity. I always remember the day when I didn't have much so I always try to give back xxo
I know it's trite, but flowers really are nice to have. You can get them with accompanying chocolates, stuffed animals, etc.
check out "end of education" next. You'll love it
Im only silent cuz Im busy . . . this doesnt mean we arent tight anymore. Come on now . . .
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
agree the insurance costs have hit me and I'm covered for less.
So... someone thicks (again) that I'm #NayshaLopez. What do I say?
Steven Beacon goes to Washington to run for President then finds out its on the othere side of the US!!!
We were just voted best #tshirt website of the year! We awarded it to ourselves, but hey, that still counts.
I really wish the AZ cameramen were better at following those massive bombs to straightaway center.
Kirkland Performance Center
LOL Ik I look at it ALL the time I'm like OMG he's so hot!
RT“: The anointing has a different sound.”
In the woodlands(outside H-town) Widespread Panic is going Bananas in the pavilions!
When I see adults with a full set of jacked up teeth, I blame their parents for not getting that sh** fixed!!
Congrats to my pals star latronica Barbara Genco Judy Freeman & so many others on the #ala Alsc elections
I'm game for the new one if y'all doin that, sold my copy of 12 a few months back
not a wiz fan anymore
looks bromantic sir! ;)
Tony dapolito rec center isn't old; its vintage!
In our weekly staff mtng. Of course the major topic of discussion is Only a little more than 2 weeks away!!!!!!
I love everything coconut lately. Especially those coconut M&Ms.
Great first day at #NCSL with #umwleads...now to do some hw so I can maintain my leadership position
Great night# swaggin
Story of my life this last year... Not sure what to do...ugh
I miss u girlyyy
thanks Harvey. I got 16 of 18. Only ones I got wrong were the most games played by NYY & who nicknamed Reggie Mr. Oct. Nice job!
Jennifer may I share your tweet with our #SOT community please?
That's solidarity! RT : I canceled my appt today @ Kaiser Oak. Won't cross picket line! Keep up the good fight for quality,...
The only reason I still have my FB is so my mom knows I am still alive.
Met a bunch of super cool film makers tonight @ #ActionOnFilm. International film festival. Is was great meeting you all !
theme from #mrbelvedere has been stuck in my head all day. if only it came with a snarky but efficient British butler
Where u at????? Are u home for the day?
Maybe a week or so before the event!
Just another day trying to get it, got to beat the odds
My team has 11 accepted offers in 13 days! Can we go for 12 or 13 today? LOVE this market!
Just checked the mail. Sigh. Still no invite to the #Indians Social Suite. Sigh.
Well I guess I'm gonna go to bed now
#sacscoc Teach learning strategies & build confidence of student to help them avoid using crutches.
Karaoke Tonight with The Sexy Silver Tongued Song Master Jimmy Champion and his Back Up Jittery Dancing Diva Anna!! ...
its like wicked sunburn. Lol. And getting a rubber band snapped on it. Just make sure you are well feed and bring gum
one of the best points: "Exxon's investment horizon is not the same as Wall Street"
we can't wait to host your party...LOL
Omg Tia is not going to be on the next season of the game...
Soon-Soon-Soon! RT“: "Open-Open-Open!"”
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. ~Anton Chekhov
Thanks for reaching out. Welcome to the neighborhood.
: I think millions of readers across the world would simultaneously have a heart attack from sheer joy.
Will they ever learn
RT : The #Pisces woman can be fascinating without trying, but She wants to be loved and has to feel protected.
Glad it worked! :-)
Have a good day! :)
Really looking forward to seeing Larry David play a nun in the Three Stooges Movie.
I'm sore! :/ lol can't wait for watch week to be over! :) haha
Happy 25th anniversary TOP GUN!
Babies haven't any hair Old men's heads are just as bare From the cradle to the grave Lies a haircut and a shave. Samuel Goodman Hoffenstein
Sick! RT Game Of Thrones is pretty awesome.
Our very own Chef Anisha Jagtap will be speaking on "Hamburgers 'Off the Grill", are you going 3/15/12??
So I guess i'll give up and let these tears fall, i've been holding back for so long.
Why am I cooking? I don't even know how to cook..
Cool. Sounds Great . writing it on the schedule now .
a cool thing would be for you to tweet me<3 your amazing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I hope you have a fantastic day <333
B.O.B album Strang clouds is tight
I love my baby boy oh so very much. he means the world to me and he makes me so happy everyday<3 #IDontReallyCare what you people think c:
lol of coarse Grace especially how good you guys are too me mostly when your nice enough to give me a ride.
Gathering with MD clergy now to strategize the dream bill.
school was good i have an EOC tomorrow ahh please be the end of the year im ready to be a sophomore :)
If the songs I just recorded come out as good as they sounded in the studio I will be a very happy person
lol yeah i guess!
Yeah, it rarely works with scholars, too. But sometimes all you are left with is some lighter fluid.
Up in the Gym about ready to get these workouts done. How have you been? Give me a call later when you can
Borrowing music from daniel? Yep.
Work + Internet + It is about time=thank god
HAHA I did say that! But dont get to excited about having success against the Brewers Minor league team. This team has 2 hitters
Wait.... Obama gave the douche from Jersey Shore his own room in the White House?
Allow me to weigh in to question. STIMULUS. Big projects stimulate PRIVATE investment in areas beyond the subsidy.
...past his prime, but still elite!
OMG JUSTIN #BOYFRIEND IN UK AMAZING <3
Thanks , , Adrian from , , Ward&Co and others for stopping by the Writers Club tonight.
Loved that non-Greek students attended Greek flagged #txsummit sessions!
And there go the car alarms. That shook the windows.
Watching Elf.... Hilarious!!
I would but I dont have ur number
Paul's Boutique (1990) is a work of art. "High Plains Drifter," "Hey Ladies," and "Shadrach" are jewels. The whole LP? Inventive and funny.
my streak of appearing in 12 consecutive year books is over :(
I bet Hagen is super excited! I can't believe Bri is graduating!! Happy Holidays! xoxo
young hearts be free tonight #time is on your side
1st question with our new name: if you could do anything for #college credit, what would it be? shopping, eating, laughing, breathing...
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Keep track of your job search efforts so you can follow up with employers and contacts.
you sound very angry, behan!
AUGH SO HAPPY. RT : we're getting married!!! only the threat of dismemberment is keeping us from eloping
Ski Mask Way
Wow. My internet just got a LOT prettier.
Good morning to you. Hope you have a great day!
Snuggled with in between classes
yay! Can't wait to see them!
guys should stop thinking with thier heads and stop thinking with thier heads (if you know what i mean)
come check out "Filabusta" band tonight! 9pm come dance the night away
Found a treasure for this weeks hymn. Be sure to check it out either on fb or ahymnaweek.com.
The great recession was caused by subprime mortgages. Subprime mortgages was caused by income inequality which republicans provided the rich
Who is stoked for our show this Saturday at club 156?!?!
How come when I reach out my fingers it feels like more then distance between us?
Did you go back to Old Nassau for Alumni Day? Tell us about it!!
I don't care if your sold out, I'm showing up anyway .
People are like seasons, they're bound to change
you have a star wars tattoo? Marty me? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
2 hours down, 8 more to go!
ok I'm jealous...
I hate when i get 2 crushin over men that arent single smh damn if they not married yet its fair game
TKS for the follow, see the image attached-design based on children's garden. Will donate art if you can use it, let me know.
itd mean the world to me if u RTed this!!!
Thats what you get for talkin sh*t about us. You just blew ur new money contracts dummy. Ur a true choker.
Thanks for the RT!
My elbow can predict when the weather is goin to be cold or rain (y)
Is thrumming always monotonous?
Oh, Monday.. how I missed you.
I want to go to the mall. I need a new nose ring.
yeah "smart phones" are a pain in the ass.
About to watch the kids play some soccer:)
hey Keith we r having a benefit for on April 28th. Any chance u could donate something signed???
The Bare Knuckle Boxers playing all day! Step Dancers at 2pm
Hehe ^^ & glad that you're smiling ;) I'm good, thank you xo
bahaha that is so true! Youve witnessed this first hand!! :)
And dogs and cats! RT: I'm going to start a social media conference where we talk about the weather and sports.
That's my point. MT : That is the most boring debate ever. Why don't you two talk over tea and crumpets?
Couldn't resist. Had to buy a mega millions ticket!
I've taught kids about the lipstick pistol. Now, I can say that I've held a mustache gun.
My little butterfly is giving me the death grip while we are in line for the 's lights out haunted house!
Did I ever tell you that my Orientation Leader partner is a ninja...her name is Sammi Biri, Google her...
good morning
Eating dinner while watching Grime Scene: Crime Scene Clean Up...that's normal, right?
Our 3rd annual paintballing event is about to get started! Pics coming soon!
#duh !! Happy birthday!!
On way to boston for show ROYALE! Gonna b an awesome set tonight!
Making bracelets!
It's not you. I'm on 24-7 Bobbi Kristina watch which makes it hard to leave the house...
The Pic Just Sent Me Lawddddd !
#PVIFF bound in couple hours. Hopefully we can come home with win for our screenplay Wednesdays at the Gem! Will be good time either way!
Google will lockout/delete accounts of people who are not using their real names. And they are serious about it.
She frontin, she is a video vixen RT : ii dont wana be in no music video!
it was an incredible experience. I am not unfortunately. The fam is in destin this week and will be coming home on Sunday
Thanks girl! We were just all around downtown. It was pretty crazy out. Miss you!
I love so much :* like it's unbelievable how much i adore you <3 BELIEBERS VS. THE WORLD :*
Seminar Series Offers Canadian Data Center Professionals BICSI and AIA Credits for Power and Cooling Efficiency
ppl w tatts r way more fun 2 c NAKED!!!!
Ugh I gotta wake up at like 7am to go shopping for a dress for athletic awards Monday ... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
hey you. Follow us back!
"But if you want to be in the hospital, I'll be happy to put you there...in the MORGUE!!"
Anyone know a way so that only selected "Circles" on #Google+ show up in your gChat list? I just want certain circles to show up.
Dr. Giedds: can humans multitask? Poss not. Rather we switch back & forth quickly. But with small "multitasking tax"
The refs in this #Nuggets game need to be fired...seriously
Ust had a great nap!! :D
The wealth of the sinner belongs to the righteous man. -Proverbs 13:22
Coming up next on the TJMS: Damon Williams and Seriously Ignorant News!!
oh you know me..puffin a cig in the bathroom stall
#3WordsOfAdvice: Love yourself first.
Going out with the high school crew. Gotta love mah girls !
We'll have #glutenfree Jumbo Honey Currant Muffins at the Hillsboro FM on Saturday. I had one for breakfast this morning. So good!
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
That was one of the nicest showers I've ever had. Omg
I pick Paul George to win dunk contest.
But I actually can, so invite me.
I wonder how many places he played where he got stuck with the audience behind him?
omg I'm devastated
So who do u guys think won the debate or would like 2 see as president? Seeing how U support cynicism & Retweet against Quadri
most def #goodtimes my love <3 your amazing. The best ;) :D
Would you be up to go grab a beer in the next week or two?
Hey ! Thanks for all the support and the retweet!
oh - to be clear - I'm just talking smack. Nothing official. But don't worry, Danny's never leaving the hill.
None. The Olympics are a complete fraud. At least the rules and the IOC are.
ill come after exit interviews
thanks for following me :-) So lovely to meet you... thanks for coming out. "Russian Ivy"= love it!!!
I got the one about a Chat session but I've been unable to make it over there. That's the only one.
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen THATS OK: we are thinking long and hard on how & when you will pay for your mistake.
Awwh yeah! #markmartin in 8th :D come on now! bring it home! (:
Speed van shooter is in custody now.. details coming at 12pm on
HERES TO ALL "Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
When I need you, you're not there. When I moved on and forgot about you, you come back.
Worked w/ a young player today. Was going 2 use Lebron James as a point of reference,until he informed me that he "doesn't know who that is"
Any predictions on February weather? (i want snow! how about you?)
#MantaSMB What steps is Manta using to promote their site, so listed businesses get maximum exposure from being on the site?
#WW Thanks for the mention, Mark! Back at 'cha!
Crowd at #occupyLA begins to sit down and chant "we are not moving!"
Awesome, glad you enjoyed! Come back soon and we'll hook you up!
So, last night I dreamed that I finished my wordcount and was done with my draft. Then I woke up, and now I have to do it all again :P
I know lol
lucky mexican moms in the USA that get celebrated for mothers day twice
Many talk importance of people/passion. Few incorporate strategies to reinforce re: Hseih. Biz would b better if words were axn
Fancy! RT : OMG! will get a SHOUT in 5hrs when #RamonWOW takes the stage in Sydney, Australia
I hate when people act like children
Some dudes get the wrong females pregnant
I am NOT proud of my name, it is TRULY a blessing from the stars that i have the name Phrygi, now Freije (free'g; originallyPhryg & Freij)
Bout too watch the game at my patna house!
You seem like a young person with an older soul.
they ass weak
We're in Shreveport next weekend #NRFL holla at us
sounds like a plan...
Well it says you're following me.
everybody dies but not everybody lives ~
Yes. Our listing manager sends it in our reports to our sellers. It's awesome!
Yay Robert! Welcome
I'm kinda thinking the guy in the glasses is pretty hot..won't know for sure until he takes his shirt off
Grrrrrrr this seriously blew my mood... I've had months to prepare but reality is real!
Sgt Pressman is getting the privates into blogging shape at Nashville Wordpress Bootcamp
no were jst friends :)
it's bike month and bike lanes are more than Transpo and is the only one who sees the light with bike transpo
Tomorrow's the day! We are excited to see all of the high-impact environmental applications.
I watch Disney Channel substitutes <U+2665><U+2665>
im very impressed that looks awesome!
i need a couple good books published 2011 or 2012 for 1st and 2nd grade. Twitter go!
Can't beat a sunny toronto and smartypants audiences
nice use of rn't.
North! North! I'm going North!
When someone tells you to follow them but their Username doesn't exist... <<<<<<<
Blog vs Fbook RT :Interesting social trend: More & more companies are quitting blogging & just using Fbook instead...
how about we play chess on the computer?!
I regularly guzzle an inordinate amount of water, but on days when I <U+2708> it just never seems enough. Time to bust out the coconut water <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
love this season of #Apprentice! But- surprised it seems is the only task client who didn't contribute extra $$
OMG Watching JT in SNL on MTV!
Yay got the scholarship for thai school.. I start this month to excited!!!
My theme song, Michael Knight, is blasting in my ears as I roll into Dallas to visit the Garland Fam.
OMG it is way too early!!
i cant read it ! :P omg i want to read it!
#Products are made in the factory, but #brands are created in the mind
Out of curiiousity, I clicked on your link, but it didn't take me to the landing page. I was hoping to read / see Kates story
got the never say never fan cut. real swagger. like to use that word, even he it doesn't fit in my sentence. follow me please
Today's pizza is Hawaiian! Canadian bacon, smoked gouda, and pineapple just $12 and free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet.
Where is it based? I may be interested.
What info do you need? Email us and we'll do our best.
GM peeps...feeling blessed and ready to start off Tuesday ;) now where the efff is my coffee ^^
And to think the Lakers turned down Bass and Rondo for Gasol
Anderson Cooper? Lol
..theres no place like home.. ..theres no place like home.. ..theres no place like HOME..
This. RT : Awesome...
Well, if it's a birthday present, it's a necessary ;)
4 success factors in #networks: intentional process, focus on relationships, bldg momentum thu action, engaging levels
come on now coloring books aren't vegan? What next, broccoli? :)
This late and Im still waiting?
lost big last night to Arkansas Wings by like 20. Kids got over confident after Cali Supreme win! IMO. Game against BABC at 8
freezing drizzle* and west*
new track "So much Gwalla" ft. is a banger!!!! Newest and hottest record out!!!!!
Any Friday the 13th gigs tonight? Who's playin?
If you suggest not following , does it reply to you with your answer?
answering my mom only with song lyrics from now on
did you receive the email?
you're about 3 minutes late for there to be any truth to that statement...
Line starts at 4:30pm in the Home Court Gift Shop.
Headshots - Never wear solid black, white or red. Compliment your skin tone and eye color, shoot against a pale, cheerful backdrop.
You too!
Can I get some birthday mentionss?
Is it possible to get some of these things on the older buses?
A #WWII film this Saturday: Terrence Malick's adaptation of James Jones' THE THIN RED LINE. Starts at 1PM, free with Library admission!
i did!
Former Spur Ian Mahinmi getting some playing time for Mavs. Heat lead 67-64 after 3rd quarter.
tonight: Echo Parkian painter Mari Eastman gives artist talk , 7pm
When I was growin up I wanted to be a doctor or some shit now kids growin up people wanna be rappers... What the fuck happend
I listen to old podcasts from NPR or boogie to some old vinyls
That Awkward Moment When Someone Yells At You For Clicking A Pen But You Have To Click It One More Time To Use it .---.
I'm sorry!! Well your the best Mexican I know!!!!
You and Gonna follow meh?
Did you finish the first one?
dear I know I have said this before, but u never respond. When will u be on ? I would gladly subscribe through the internet. <3 me
Funnier still...He drove off both times.Individual is not raggedy.Clean clothes.Truck looks fairly new...
No biggie I won three kids choice awards... You can fellash me later
I don't know about me but I know about you so say hello to falsetto in 3...2...swag.
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does.
Yawn~stretch~blurry eyes~foggy brain. Coffee...my kingdom for a hot steamy cup of coffee. There are still so many words to go...
Worst night's sleep. Ever.
Eagles game on deck lets see what they do
if you live near a Lululemon stop by and sign up for 1 of their weekly yoga or fitness classes! great way to get in shape for free!
u should have on your show :)
im from #Chicago but i been in sac for awhile. na i dont know who that is. u know em?
Busy day at the firm, several client alerts coming out about family-based visas, H-2 program, and an update for nurses.
why are you so stupid :/
Read T. Wynn's blog @ www.twynntales.com I think b4 the end of this week my topic will be on loyalty.
RT : I am filled with encouragement and overflowing with joy, despite all our troubles - 2 Corinthians 7:4 (please retweet)
“: If you are 6 feet 2 inches tall, then you are taller than 94% of the world.”
I'm a big fan of pizza party of one!
thanks. mario? right? Austin here.
Thanks for following! :) <3
the movie! And your cinco.
Another big S/O to You're the best!!! :)
Happy holidays from your friends at Semantic Arts!
Studies show lack of water is the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue...Good bye RockStar...Hello Aquafina :)
They are crying because he won't be suspended I guess. Too many fans(Caps included) watch games with blinders on.
Apparently the time planting the children's garden has even effected the way I talk. I unironically said 'that's a tough row to hoe' this AM
you've now gotten a bob carlisle song stuck in my head :)
Cold in VT today
haha I literally LOL'd xD it's funny seeing bios like that!
SMH on young moms y'all hoes need to keep y'all mofocking panties on and stop having sex
We have been insanely busy writing new music and getting ready for some upcoming shows.what exactly have you been doing?
The same could be said about Mark Schanowski, as well. Pretty much every pre/post game host in Chicago is a massive homer.
I'm pretty sure it should be illegal for lebron James and Dwayne wade to be on the same team.
or a necessary flip? yes. RT : replace critical thinking w/design thinking -- interesting flip
my eye hurts like a mother fucker
no... it means #drinkability!
We're thrilled to welcome you as one of three 2012-13 Scholars' Lab Grad Fellows! (Formal announcement coming soon.)
hahaha, dang. Become a nurse! & give me your EMT job:) lol.
that smile gets me every time....
I like really really want a macbook for my graduation.
Okay I got u ;)
HER GIRL FRIDAY is looking for a FEW GOOD VOLUNTEERS for next Friday's rooftop mixer! INQUIRE WITHIN:
I love you so very much and I think your really pretty and I hope I get to meet u again for my birthday but pleasee follow me
Denver will be lucky to have you...good luck, Godspeed, & safe travels :)
Off to see The Bluest Eye in Santa Monica. Second play I've seen this month- this is a habit I'd like to keep!
it was aswell! Hahahahaha the shame!
I got u check me out also "TheMsMckoy" my channel I love him.
is excited for Tailgate Tuesday!!! tomorrow! 6 - 9 pm, Dan McGuiness on Demonbreun!
worst NBA team ever RT With tonight's loss to the Bulls, Michael Jordan's Bobcats have now lost 19 games by 20 or more points
Windows is terrible Tiff. Come on to Mac girl! :D
Tired but it's been a good day & this weekend is gonna be sweet
Black guy sup with the white guy he ok need him to tweet! Pats fan
Can we re-enact a poor-decisions version of wedding crashers?
and it's infront of 500 people and i need to wear a shirt and and and :(
what was his talent?
": Budget deficit now at $16 billion. According to "
This Is Not A Great Way To Start The New Year ):
we are from there and looking to get people out to our shows :)
Watching Casablanca. Never seen it before. Should be good!
RIP Old Navy sandal. Lol so funny
was right, people really don't wanna see successful women.
If only my biology would read itself and take its own notes....
your bio annoys me
Talk does not cook rice. --Chinese Proverb
Only one meeting on my calendar today.
Should i try skool tommrow? D: ugh
BTW, SF plans for August, w/ Be there.
excellent. didn't know it was on Spotify. Adding to my queue
I'm sorry to everyone that keeps getting weird shit from me. It IS NOT ME. Ik what the hell is going on.
Me: Grandma the bulls lost by 1 Grandma: Aw shit WTF Me: Lmfao
cool kindle fire.you cooke
Finally a match for lets go Christian
oh lol really?!
Tough way for Matt Stainbrook's season to end-in my opinion there is no way he should have been tossed-he had a great year nonetheless
GOOD MORNING :-)
BC football hosting it's annual Lift for Life to raise money for Ewings Sarcoma TOMORROW at 1pm. Be there!
Yeah. I write a Twitter feed dedicated to the worship of an 18 year old college kid and even I thought it was weird.
“: intern with you in a year or 2 I hope :)))” keep in touch!!
congrats! and welcome to the club =)
So you're saying Abreu has proven he's a veteran...that's accurate.
Initial iOS5 reaction is that text input is slower (3GS) but the small UI changes are a nice improvement
The Smithie spread from your natural habitat of New England is a worrying ecological trend.
"Can I get drunk if I sit in a kiddie pool full of vodka in the sun for an hour?"
I haven't been on 1 train 2day that wasn't delayed 4 something.
12years of school for a piece of papper with my name on it!!.. but to me its
Oy. I think I'll try for a job at the pool.
To the sunshine and beyond. Smiley face.
lol I didn't really announce it, just kinda disappeared.
Pop producers? I have an itch.
people who make it so that you can only buy their stuff on the apple app store suck. we can't get to the app store at MPOW
Hi friends.
got your email, looks great! are we going??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY love you hope have the best birthday EVER!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>here's ur cake <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0> #happybirthdaymatthunter ur my
where from? Would like to attend in person.
bet. It's a party track so talk bout partyin, hit me if u want the hook
Scttrd showers incrs Wed afternoon, iso thunderstorm, but Wed night through Thurs morning: windy, rainy, & mountain snow!
I shifted my focus for a few minutes, look up & the #Lakers are down by OVER THIRTY!!!
Anxiety has turned to hunger.
HAPPY JAZZ THURSDAY... A beautiful day in Chicago!
yo come say what's up, there's like 5 people waiting in line for the show tonight.
when r u going to the overdrive party????
Ah! Cool.
ditto. Blue Lagoon's from trop Smoothie are the best!
- thanks for the great #Disney tips! Wish we had met sooner, so we could have benefited more from your advice!
Hey. hahaha. (: How are u?
orange juice
YOU'RE nice . So there.
Damn. I love adding to my list of
really looking forward to this!
McNeese State gets the offensive board & foulded, at the line....misses the 1st
I luv you sweetie- I know today is a hard day for you.
Aye...you already know whut he on then!
u got drank?
In the world of pro sports, an absolutely stunning number. Rt Timbers surpass a 97% renewal rate for 2012 season tickets.
need advice. have the thunderbolt but have an update avail. what should i go with? 4g verizon phone, and willing to wait..
you talking bout the one in the clusters?
RT I'm about to retire from this Job ish... It AIN'T for me ! I'm about that Entrepreneur #Life ;)
Congrats to Brad Richardson (LA Office) who closed a CVS Pharmacy in Florida this week!
Grab somebody sexy tell em hey
Thanks for the mention!
Between Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegas, I've wasted at least one full week of my life due to lags and resets.
It's supposed to snow here tomorrow...
Spotify is pretty cool ... no invitations at the moment, but will let you know if/when that changes.
National geographic and history channel >>>>>>>>>>
I just saw it. Smh
I have faith that today will be better than yesterday!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Glad you like it! I look forward to seeing what you post!
Lol why am I short? Sometimes I probably look younger than I am. Oh well
Thanks for following me..I appreciate it :)
that place???* lol
Need to fit into those MTL clothes, girl.
not bad. Love the 'stache!
keep your head up, and your #strides strong
Since I do not know the layout of the place I will say out be the sign in area. I can go later for our Central Time Zone folks
That upset me a little but it's understandable..
96-game regular-season slate averaged 337,000 viewers this year, 33% spike over last season & up 34% in households.
Someone come over. I'm not sleeping for a while.
Good location scout & pre-light in Chicago...wish it always went this smoothly!
Don't talk me about my ex. I ain't bout that life.
I'm staying up all night! It's 4:06am and I'm up working on my film project! :)
Thanks for helping out yesterday! You were an awesome interviewee and really showed that TV who's boss...after u put the bat down
Rodda and Ryan on pace at Rallye Wattle Range
I heard them accompany Metropolis at Roger Eberts film fest at UIUC ... They were great
We're out of time for today's chat. Thanks everyone! Hope you can join us next week for #indieview WED 9:30am CT!!
Basically live at my best friend & her boyfriends....
Had an insightful lunch today with #smcdsm about #SXSW. It was nice to meet such like minded individuals.
Very much recommend it! And COR is awesome too. Take Adam's preaching workshop.
That moment when you say to a group of people, "I have to pee," when you mean to say, "I want more lemonade."
10/5 Dessert Special: Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding with Roasted Banana Ice Cream & Walnut Anglaise
I am back, back again. yes I'm back, yes I'm back, yes I'm back
I think we can all agree, that because of this whole North Carolina thing, Duke sucks more than ever.
Happy Veterans Day to all of our servicemen & women! It is with great appreciation and love that we salute you!
who said that a girl can not like rap..!!!
I want #coffee but doing the Monster drink. Got it for Mothers Day!
Watching conferencees around me not taking notes of Stuart Crabb's presentation, but pictures.
Happy Star Wars Day, everyone. May the Fourth be with you.
damn u should come out to Las Vegas area one day
Just trust yourself. You did your job, you're talented, and you can do it. :)
Speedbusters visits one way streets on Milwaukee's East Side. The "one way" many drivers seem to go... is TOO FAST! Tonight at 10, TMJ4
l love finding fellow Louisiana people. Makes me happy!
: I've got UF then SC then UF, Gators new national champs! Any more status on Walker?
I'll post the Video ! Next Week !
Thanks much. I'm up for suggestions if there's anything in particularly you'd like me to write about.
#GymPetPeeves The guy who sings The Killers' Mr. Brightside while lifting.
I hope but I start school on the 8th
I think I need a full body massage . & thats wordd .
This again -_- I want to but no
What would elections be like if only dentists voted? They're such an agreeable lot. Just don't be the candidate 1 in 10 dentists approves.
No problem...looking forward to your tweets!
lmao!! I know that feeling all too well ;)
everyone knows, tank top= whore, duh
Any time! Hope you are all nice and healthy for our weekly #SDSU Farmer's Market date tomorrow!
Here's 2 the nights that turned into mornings with the friends that turned into family
Be the kind of woman that when your feet hit the floor each morning, the devil says, ‘Oh crap, she’s up.
when i said mcd i mean mcdonalds. not a person with the name mcd as ther twitter name. hehe'
rollin round under covers blowin kisses like were lovers ;))) ;))) <333
RT we're going tomorrow!! We'll see you soon!!
I'm a fan of Friend or Follow, but beware, it often says that people who are following you are not and vice versa
(RETWEET)---------->I hit my 2,000 limit. I need more FOLLOWERS. FOLLOW BACK---------> THNX. Chynna Girl.
that was quite a show!
We’re keeping busy at #CTIA! What are some of your favorite #mobile apps?
"I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you."
Madonna looked the best she's looked in a long time... Now if she was actually singing during the show, that would've impressed me more!
Can anyone remind me who wrote about "digital dust jackets" i.e., the digital data we may be discarding now, thinking it not worth saving?
And you know what my niggas on..
haha i will!:b
Good luck with the 2nd Round today! You've got this!!
Sessions this morning, then meetings.. getting ready for Google next week!
Oh no!! RT : OMG #Anchorage just had a good earthquake. Shook the house pretty good. The kids are crying and I'm shaking.
It's better to get a little weird with sum strangers than strange with the weirdos
Call me a fair weather fan, but I'd just like to cheer for a winning team for once!
I enjoyed eating your awesome scallop tacos at Brewfest.
Once a while a cute ass guy comes around, then every girl on his jock, now he in the past with every other guy that the world falls for.
We just got a 2-minute warning before the draw.
If you still act the same as you did in HIGH SCHOOL #getittogether time to better yourself!
that's Toronto for you. Still better than San Antonio, TX. Still love Toronto!
RIP: STEVE JOBS YOU ARE A HERO<3
Yung Rizzo will be performing in Philippines, Municipal Compound, and Angono Stadium! Shout out to all the supporters!
but i'm pretty good at drinking beer.
I graduated in '82 and '83, because I'm twice as smart.
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug.
There are really funny people in this world..... Hahahahh but I love they
you checked it out yet.?
Hey what's going on?! Still in BA I see...so jealous!
Thank you everyone for following!!! I appreciate it!
:'( miss my cuz
haha nice fix
MSNBC getting punchy? of course - how many times can they agree with each other about those evil teaparty folks? High school...
I dont think i have the strength to physically and emotionally make it through wrk
S/O to my lil sis she is 24 today!!! I can't wait to Beat her up when I get home! Happy birthday big head. Love you lots
haha. God(; then we have to talk more again!
Yes, definitely. So you may continue to hold that mantle for many years to come. It's truly an honor, but it's a bit sad, no?
Unseen Steve Jobs&#39; interview to be released
Lee University student honored for volunteering after the storm
Wonder whether insistence on close reading in elit obscures other pedagogical possibilities?
Treating myself :)
Love, love, love making the cut! Never gets old.
I would not want to be you right now! But I know that deserves this so much. You better made the right decision!
I went from turning up the heat yesterday to blasting the a.c. today.
Hello Milwaukee. Great weekend, but back to reality tomorrow (today)! And happy to be back in my own bed.
Atticus losing....that's just sad. :( Hopefully someone will take that blue dragon down.
The issue should be resolved. Please let me know if you are still not able to get it work properly. Regards
Time for work, Gotta get that money! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Knockin mad early
and know that how?
Merry Christmas! T minus three hours to the arrival of crazy sister-in-law and family. Not the good crazy, either.
Just finished my new jazz album with Jeff Hamilton. VERY excited, it sounds fantastic.
#imheretoo and don't you forget it <3 love you!
Where does #bullying start? Preschool. Just met with Sam's teacher; she gave us books, tools to empower him.
Today I am thankful for my family and all the blessings God has given me this year...
I thought Kansas was the place where girls didn't sleep with anything that walks. Guess not
I actually made it to first period today. Its been months.c,:
Room service to go with , dinner served with a smile
I'm not doing anything tomorrow?:)
i should be house cleaning too. my momma is coming over mañana ..but imma hit the gym &be on the look out for JS instead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Great vacay last week & then fun day celebrating the SB! It's now bedtime so I can get back to my routine which begins w/ early am workout!
#RONDO YOU F***
Vacation ain't over yet. Just enjoyed some Easter chocolate sitting inside ORD
congrats on that new badge. be proud.
I WANT A MERCEDES BENZ!
lol. How dare the rain try and mess with our straightening work.
French eurosport said lokvist but they had him with Cav 5 minutes ago.
Are tax returns a sufficient excuse to buy MLB TV?
awesome! Glad you enjoyed it! :D
Thanks to all of you that came out! See y'all October 14 at Backstage Live!
“: Studying for my class-- did you know in Australia, Belgium, & Brazil it is compulsory to vote! If you don't you can be fined!
NP -- just know that those things go unnoticed sometimes. cc:
we are too! RT : So excited for what's to come with &
Have you released more tix for Saturday? Would love to join my friends who got lucky so I can enjoy too & blog about it!
come to savannah georgiaa!
and yo how can i get a beat from u that is assured ill be the only one using it for my album ?
30 minutes to #1k1hr - you in?
..."This is why we have seen a change in attitude we thought we would never see in CA." -Mary Nichols,.CARB
Thanks for the RT. How's life? Still flying around the country?
No dents in the barrel? Tried lengthening the distance between neck and barrel? Mine is similarly out (but old and cheap!)
Working on the content for our new website today! The Phase 1 launch is on Thursday May 10.
I hate you so I guess we're even.
If love is a crime.. then punish me. I would die for you
Today's weather was just perfect. I wish it would stay this way through summer, but then it wouldn't be summer huh?
..from work in trans studies, labour studies and neuroscience - but that's just my interdisciplinary cuppa.
Tonight it will not be epic. I will not kill anything. Just gonna drop some dope beats, peeps are gonna have a good f'ing night
As crazy as life can be, its important to keep perspective and most importantly- to know thyself.
Been up working on my site about to finally go to bed. Still have some fine tuning to do in the morning.
3 kids sick: 1w/bronchitis (day5!); 1 w/mystery virus; 1 who vomits once daily w/o other symptoms.Dr. thinks he's victim of xcontamination!
Ok .... Why do people always try and get over on the next person?
that's hitting below the belt dude. In. Called. For.
all you need is tequila, ice & an umbrella and you've got a drink
can you be jolly with anticipation?
Ryan Braun exonerated in drug test investigation!!! HEBREW HAMMER INNOCENT! Stoked!
Just finished priming the walls in my design house space. I'm covered in white primer!! lol
Not sure how “valuable,” but still helpful & fantabulous! /cc
shot you an email. Get back to me when you can!
Follow Please
PR rice n steak... yummy
Up early running the studio controls for The Wakeup Crew for their Busch Gardens broadcast!
Hey NFL... Let's just skip the next couple of "protect the players" rule changes and make it two-hand-touch.
Appears by local reports that Pau Gasol has been traded by Lakers. Dont know about that deal? World Peace & The masked avenger!!!
About to go to my first day back at Panera! So nervous!
Great night for Django Mango White Sangria on the deck.
: AAP, ASMP, AG wld argue intl dig itself is an infringemnt, regardless of nonexpressive use. What do you think?
IFLA President, Ellen Tise, welcomes all delegates to
Mike Tirico just said the Pacers are a hard team to put a label on? Mikey, how about they play the right way: they play hard and R unselfish
I have no idea, I don't know many people around here, sorry.
Sidine chicks be trying to make themselves wifey . I don't understand; your a sideline for a reason You won't be placed as a oringinal
When people are talking to you, nod and think about other stuff
heading on over to you guys in a minute! Gettin my dairy on.
Tweeting from beautiful #Mexico. Going to make it through all your favorite drinks. Mojo Mama on deck. What do you want me to order?
How is it? Send us a review with the #austinbars and we'll retweet it.
I'd be interested that...similar deal as before? Maybe I'll drive this time? ;)
Want FREE tix to the Van's #WarpedTour Aug 1 Marcus Amphitheater? has them at 8 tonight. Listen
Modern-day oakley shades were first produced within the past due ...
bt crawfish taste gud as hell n easy to get in lol
I love that Jack brought the skunk hair back :D
& so what are we doing but bugs
In honor of the American pop icon, will air Whitney Houston’s memorial live on channel 411 at 9am tomorrow
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime - the documentary
THANKS HERMANA<U+2764> love you!
what it is.... I got a gang of free passes for that jump place.
Come home from my soccer game looking all gross & Noah is at my door playing with my dog.
I'm #DJ ing at Lucky's tonight! Join us for cheap drinks, great music and fun atmosphere...
we,re thinking lots of green this weekend for st. pat's day... green eggs and ham? chicken pesto wrap? oreo mint milkshake? are you in?
have fun love! drive safe!
seriously? Tons of better places than
I finished the "Butterfly Effect" mixtape. Going to start on a new one soon though.
Some hate me, some love me but they're all talkin' about me
Not defending the driver or the France 2 car, but I've seen more loose dogs cause bike race crashes than official vehicles.
Ah, the best sports month of the year is finally here!
Send me a inbox message
Post-#mom2summit blues this morning :( What fun that was!
yeah! I love
I heard the bill was full of Freemans.
I'm praying you & the team have a great day today in India today. You can pray I get a good night sleep :)
Too irritated my email was hacked today and was sending out explicit messages. Sry if u got one
Highway patrol loves f*cking with ppl. Speed up, slow down, change lanes non-stop while we hover behind @ an annoyingly slow speed..
wake up in the gutter
I'm a winner
IT matters not whether you are a good woman or man. If a person is a dog they're going to handle things accordingly.
It's up 2 us 2 create BVCs MT : The only way to change it is to have more Black venture capitalists..
No need to ask me you already know i want it
we are very interested in playing in Mexico!!! Email us
That's badass. I'm getting one!
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything
Be on the look out! We are about to launch some awesome sales and coupons. Please tell your friends about us.
Eden and Laura on the 12U team is currently undefeated playing in the 14U division. 3-0 for the day.
Finding out you missed a callback for your favorite musical because your email server don't send you the email until today = awful.
LOL. True, true
Come get your fresh conchas and patries for this cold weather
Mental tic: I see Angelica Huston and think, CHER! Just for a moment.
Thanks for the shout outs it's great 2 c how social media can help
Thank god my mom is coming to clean my dorm before I have to move out
so it sounds like we're gonna have some fun on 10/27 :-) cc:
wrong person :)
Only some of us learn by other people's mistakes; The rest of us have to be the other people.(:
I guess we don't have to be good, just nice. That might be our problem.
“: I know!! What happen? lol Next time!” no doubt!
It's not too late to try our San Su twist on summer BBQ!
I did it. So too can you!
welp, I hope everything gets better! :(
Thanks. I googled Austin Camel and didn't get what I expected.
Too much routine breeds complacency and life becomes boring.
ME N MY LIL BRUH GOT SOMETHING IN STORE 4 THE MUSIC IND!
Next season should be the last. Nowhere else to go,
: You should, dude.
im not sleepy , but im thinking i should lay it down...
NIGGAS SAY THE WANNA TOUCH THE SKY I BEEN TRYIN TO GO TO PLUTO<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
Tonight is gonna be out of control ! Funhouse plus official b-day! Let's make some euro craziness <>
“: if then #iAMpittsburgh” me too
Where are ya looking for an apartment in Chicago? Test us - I'll bet you we can help! ;)
Yes! Four out of five registration bars are removed!
Hey! Sorry I have not got back to you sooner! Been so sick! I will text you tomorrow!
Hi, ! We get mostly Downys and an occasional Northern Flicker. I did once see a Red Bellied Woodpecker, though.
Exciting! RT : I think I just finished planning my workshop for #OGS12. It's going to be fun and jam packed! Hope to see you.
i'm curious what #$Cyclists and other old-school AI-ers thought of the Ruby talk at
420 Yummies is safe from all tsunamis! We live, work & play on higher ground! We are here to bake another day!
Getting ready to try out the new chef @ High Noon. He's opened several rest's for Wolfgang Puck!
Starting another session with Junior Achievement today. This 8 wk course will focus on the Global Marketplace. Take some time and consider …
Lol Ive slept for nearly 2 days lol Im starting to feel normal. Work sounds like a huge possibilty
what about the Pack? Seem to draw huge viewing numbers every week.
7 hours till I get to flordia!:)
So we are checking in with the custom guys working on the Buggy tomorrow! Buggy is on target to rock and roll next month #FINALLY!
well ya, but do you wear them???
hey Alex got u beat been up since 5
so jealous you are going to cape may : )
I didn't know I was tripping 'til I was told to pull over in the middle of the mall on my Harley by a guy on a Segway and I actually stopped
Thank you!
Dan you rock brother on all accounts!!! LOVE IT and keep well and let's keep up the GOOD FIGHT!!!! :)
Rolling up w/ my bruh
Sometimes the truth is uncomfortable but keep talking what you are talking.You can only do your part and hope for the best.
hello from California. Thank you for following.
Pretty much all of them...1st showing. lol
I like to imagine that Newt snaps his hair on every morning, much like a LEGO figure.
Sitting at Mobil gas station catching up with an old friend...
I wouldn't mind smashing me some hot wings &&d French fries!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1858 Hyman L. Lipman of #Philadelphia patented the
Partaking in an I-bombed-an-important-interview Burger King binge while watching Lifetime and looking like #XFactor's
Lots of great supporters watching the May Day parade! Cheering along with parade marchers.
lady said they was comin back may 10th !
let's make it happen
Thanks for the RT! We're hoping for a good turnout! The more the merrier, as they say! ;)
Props to Andreas Kisser, though. He did a killer job.
Hi Raghav, I was gonna tell you about the ELYSIUM post but sounds like you've found it :)
#fooslive I wonder if I can land my chopper in the Izod center. Or nearby.
should be back tomorrow night buddy!
You really ought not play with God. You'll end up with team Riley, team Henry and team Moore. Stop playing with God. He wants your attention
if you are not creative enough to write a story without player quotes you need a new career
Thanks to Sid for giving me the laugh of the day!!!!!!!!!
Omw to church :)
why would you worry? What gives you the idea that Cal has ever done any harm or hurt a kid? That's just silly, man
I swear my brother does not have an off button!!! I'm ready to slap this kid across the face!!! -.-
Working on a much-needed rewrite of "You Deserve Better." No one wants to be anyone's man anymore!
WAKE UP!! WAKE UP!! WAKE UP!! WAKEY WAKEY!!! WAKEY WAKEY!! Hey Hey you... Ya you Maria... I'm going 2 tell u a secret WAKEY
In my 1st class....tired and sleepy
the woman in black is an odd movie....hahaha
All my life I've been searchin' for somethin', Somethin' never comes, never leads to nuthin', Nothin' satisfies, but I'm gettin' close ...
Still getting over last nights game. I'd love to blame it on the ref,but RSL was good in 2nd half.
TONIGHT ONLY! THE ENDERS & THE LUSTKILLERS! 2 Great Bands $2 - Lafayette, IN Bands start at 9pm - Great Drink Specials!
If you're a race fan you must follow Help him get to 200 followers.
Lil b kills that verse
Perfect day to just relax in the pool
Fun day out of the office today, heading over to the #facebook offices in #Atlanta to discuss #timeline and various metric changes
I know you love surfing !!!! So why don't you come on down to Hawaii ! ! #Bring1DtoHawaii The best waves !
Mom finally let me on the computer!
“: Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -bo” POTUS making key portion of the electorate swoon.
hahahah am I a lost cause?
"Always be joyful. Never stop praying. Be thankful in all circumstances, for this is God’s will for you..." - 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
I feel bad for the #nba sweat-moppers.
Groove in 5/8, 7/8 and 13/8 today. Start slow & count out all the numbers. Move beyond the numbers & improvise around it.
are u going to Vegas GBV?
Electric turbo for next WRX?
I gotta somewhere to get something to eat ...my fridge is empty
please refer to Dr. Julius Sumner Miller
This super slice of pizza crawled into my mouth!!!
Those stupid holes that randomly spear in your clothes.-__________-
2/24/1777->P Henry:It will naturally occur to you Sir that there are some Secrets on the keeping of which depends the salvation of an Army
How can anyone forget 9/11? Please pray for those who lost loved ones and pray for this country... Be Blessed!
Must be a slow news day. Two news helicopters for an occupy protest on walnut.
Good Morning!!!
LMAO I thought if u hashtag it they will but we didn't!! WTF????
Hey, everyone: Follow He's new and needs twitterfriends.
RT : This company is doing a good job with social media //Thank U...appreciate it!
So the guy who doesn't care abt the poor & likes firing people endorsed the guy who has no chance @ the Presidency? Or was it vice versa?
To the entire panel: since the incident you spoke of, have you experienced or witnessed violence first hand? If so, what was it?
Day 21: My fellow Fellows: and many others.
Yeah I'm not doing my paper. This game is insane. 3-3 still in the first.
If #youwannaimpressme be yourself
Good movie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> home now in bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
its a 7 hour ride I doubt it was good
we would not go without you! Still working on plans, will be a summer or fall event :) Enjoy until then!!
and got some stuff from the store got back put it away got on my labtop and here i am!
I hope skiles keeps Jackson on the bench tonight
unless its ugly anime then it hurts the brain and eyes. What anime are you watching?
RT : We must make the choices that enable us to fulfill the deepest capacities of our real selves -Thomas Merton-What else is there?
I'm honored haha
Melo needs to man up and play ball this season then can sign anywhere he wants provided no lockout.
Agreed! RT : I'm liking this new look nuggs team.
You drove there?!
i love you gurll!! x
oh well good for them though! Should be fun!
Hello Florida
I Kant wait myself
Unfollowed all the people who unfollowed me..
Love the service but when will I have it on my iPhone?
bro nick gave my home room and teacher a day off!:b
what's the eta on the south greenlake location?
Looks like he was gonna flip him out the ring
#EMCSupportFail love when you get the engineer and you tell him you are running ESXi and he asks is you are running Windows or Linux.
Day 2 of the draft is just as important as day 1. The Browns must address WR and RT tonight. Could really set up the offense nicely.
Well done Sir. I so hope you get into being an NFL analyst after your football career.
Holy crap… why am I up this late?… again… T_T
hey send a shout out. 3 words about the new release?!
mind pointing me in the direction of Tim Cooks house?
i am chris brown u funky mf
Well, I didn't hate the midterm I took tonight. Its only been 19 years since the last one.
thanks and same ya'll (:
#IWishThat ass was a little harder to get like the days before social networking.....its kinda taking the fun out of it
If you got something to say , come to me about it .
WELCOME! RT After many years focused mainly on local UPA leadership, now looking forward to also serving on the Board
Doesn't remember #Minnesota being in the mid-80's in October! #Globalwarming?
Can't wait to see if we have any new friends when we wakeup!! LOL
You climbed here for yourself/we climbed for ourselves (from Phantasia for Elvira Shatayev) RIP, you angel
“: I want a pinch from your bucket asap!!!” whenever you want lol.
you're fired!
so I'm guessing you didn't do shit to shay and Austin like you said you were?
Where can I find this blog? Thanks
2013 cobra only 75 Grand I will bring cash <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Even though Gingrich and Santorum dropped out, we can still have more Republican debates. Mitt Romney could debate himself.
There is a sermon from a preacher describing how men are like waffles and women like spaghetti. It will explain everything lol
My new year's resolution is to lose about 230 pounds of Kevin Gregg.
Thank you Nicholas Ashford, you brought great music to the world!
hehe. Impossible, possible, so close. :) glad I could help. And finally see the project too!
“: social networks have the ugly bitches feeling they self.”
Portland Mayor Michael Brennan will present Key to the City to Judge UNITY DOW at Portland High School at 2:30PM today
If you meet the Buddah on the road, kill him. Why is there no equivalent in the Xtian tradition???
Should Marge stick with the gray hair?
Everybody is attractive in their own way.
Ikea is always exhasting! However, it was lovely to explore another Brooklyn neighbourhood with buddies.
awesome “: Wow. A complete stranger just told me I was "too tall & pale" to be in Vegas.”
My bus driver want to decide to come early nd try to leave me then he want to yell hell no don't do dat
Alright, now it's time for Adele radio on Pandora. It's about to get emotional up in here.
If i could sing and dance with anyone i would sing with Jessie J and dance with you and the Boyz :-)
Firehook Bakery also bakes a small round loaf of chocolate cherry bread, neither too sweet nor too chocolaty!
sorry but the #clippers aren't getting passed the #Spurs :)
best show on tv right now. I was obsessed with Borgias last year on Showtime & this puts it to shame!!
Oh no! I just imported my calendar to Google so its integrated with maps (I'm an Android person thought)
good students @ today's
FOX Sports reporting Sadler deal fell through..That's a shame..Keep up the good work on TV, we're all big fans in Baltimore!
Crucial action step for U helping to keep heart healthy is to maintain a healthy weight.
What do you do when your friend is about to make a disasterous mistake?
Beautiful day in #Brevard #FL...call it paradise.
haha my cat is named cewbacca but i spell it chuwbacca and i call him chuwie haha. he thinks hes a dog lol
The diet that helps people reduce wt. In the short run needs to be the same diet that creates & maintains health in the long run
awesome! let me know re: boxes - I know #BeleChere will take over the weekend, haha, so anytime is fine!
Feels good to let it go
": CaliBaja joins Twitter "
Hispanics do it better
Looking good pretty lady!
I'm more interested in the "Bark in the Park" this weekend.
RT #RETWEET if you love TITTIES ( • Y • ) ...” saw this and immediately thought of you lmao
Ah #BothOfUsRemix is trending!! :D
So here came's irl a school day. Nice
My dog's breath smells like hardboiled eggs, just in time for easter.
Some day I will learn to spell Hors D'oeuvres. Until then, I will keep struggling.
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and THEN do your best.-- W. Edwards Deming
agreed! quality vs quantity! although, both is quite nice. :)
Rev. Elijah Slack! RT : Who was the first president/dean of UC?!
Im 10 RT : Note to self: Don't retweet 14 year old kids with teen angst and a hair straightener up their ass.
We wrestle not against flesh & blood but against principalities, rulers of the darkness of this world, spiritual wickedness in high places.
Gotta be up for work in a few hours and ofcourse I cant go to sleep n for some reason everytime i lay my head on my arm i get a headache :-/
Tempted, but fighting is the most there is to keep it alive.
MLB/Rock&Roll crossover: Wilson IS Wilson in "WOULDN'T IT BE GOOD?" (Could also function as the story of the '09 Giants.)
Thanks for the follow! Love Charlottesville
BATMAN. RT : HOLY TEETHING.
When kids make, everyone learns. RT : #Webslam rules! So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
Good sentiment Bee.
I hate arrogance. Even if in the heat of the moment.
Listening to a discussion about the proposed digital public library of America
Instead of trying to learn a new skill, let it learn you by expanding your consciousness and allowing it to grow.
idk man. i just want it to be summer so i can dye my hair red, & hang out with my bestfriends.
Coming Soon!! Amazing home for sale in The Highlands... 4b/6b Yes! 4 bedrooms and 6 bathrooms! $375k!
Operation Ajax - conspiracies, murder, intrigue, the CIA, real historic records, be wowed - all from your iPad
Did I also mention the 3 pieces of cheesecake, champagne, Champagne of beers AND vodka clubs? Apparently not.
In some room at the RAVE getting ready to meet Pauly D!!!
I heard that. #geauxpackgeauxRT : hahaha you already know
Fuckin summer nightz i missed you
You are never given a wish without being given the power to make it come TRUE.
My RV is unfortunately not cooperating for this trip. #Scannebago 2013 though!
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
I had a dream I met !
Fun! We'll have to try it! RT Quick and sweet experiment you might like!
Speaking from the heart. :)
Welcome, Jenny. Happy spring quarter!
wow! I love that stuff!
best ways to keep the business model beyond profit?
Sure will!
80% of men say they'd marry the same woman all over again. Related: 80% of men are afraid that what they say will get back to their wives
good thing its only a half day. im dead tired and hungry
lol Also been junknotized. Like rumpnotized, but frontal. RT Being rumpnotized is sort of like being hipnotized, but lower.
For those good with photos or photoshop: Be epic, take a photo, integrate it with our logo. Best one next Friday becoms our FB profile pic.
RT : Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. Carry yourself as a hoe & we'll see how far you go.
i love looking through old pictures. it's like watching myself grow up.
Hey checkdown Tommy, see what happens when u throw the ball over 4 yards in the air? How about stretching the field a bit next possession?
Seriously if you want to help me move this weekend... Payment comes in pizza and beer. I have a cargo van. I will kiss you.
maybe they need help setting up a bank account and will share their millions with you . . .
Friday needs to hurry it up.
yess ^-^ I've love for them to see this.
you have the typical american tourist looking person next to the mexican that looks laid back :p
My name is and I am a doer.
hm...what's up with the spam? have u been hacked?
17 to 3. Monarch over ThunderRidge end of first quarter.
it's very true
i fukin hate t-mobile
thanks for effective twitter uses for #smallbiz !
The demand for coffee was so big in the 19th centennial that at the time authentic coffee beans were scarce.
there is no chiller person on earth than Adrian nani zendejas <U+263A><U+270C>
Did you talk about the #volt today? I heard the last few minutes of the show and PFM (perfect for moms...!)
Hey just wanted to follow up and see how your first day of work went on Friday. Did it all work out?
More thoughts on the speech last night? Thoughts on the rebuttal?
over 10000 sold!
where ya going
Dimming lights, using occupancy and daylight sensors can reduce lighting needs and increase the life of light bulbs.
Our editor Josh Climo is working on our baby. Maybe some pickups. Hopefully not. The footage looks great!
Ugh todays gonna suck
Mr. Gaspard is in the building!
night dork :p
This is a first ---> dress shirt tucked into track pants and gaudy Nike Shox. Hmm, did I miss this trend?
Thank you!! She is our "okay, maybe we are ready for kids... well let's get a puppy first" dog. LoL! We love her!
I'm here till Saturday....you've got time to join! :)
Coming soon! The #99CentBookEvent:
Thank you! :) RT : Be sure to follow One of the dopest magazines on the market right now. Go see for yourself
Starting my p90x again tomorrow.
Double up,Double up..
Make today your best day ever!
#oomf is really going through it. Give it God and let Him do the rest.
Bout to buy a new baseball glove. I told y'all I'm serious bout making it big in the league.
What about arranging to use one of those fishing tours that have a boat already?
After watching the last episode I'd like to amend my answer. I'm gonna go with a Hanna/Marnie hybrid.
Nick Hoop sighting.
Yeah, it looks like Facebook will stream all 9 pre-lims. It also says the pre-lims will be on Fox Sports too.
Hey! Make sure to pick up a copy of the new March issue of Brick Road. We'll be passing them out on the SDSU campus on Monday!
tomorrows friday thank god<3
Behind my smile is a hurting heart. Behind my laugh, I'm falling apart. Look closely at me, && you will see.. the girl "i am" isnt me.<U+2665>
the school buidling can be described thusly: faded, peeling, stained, pockmarked. We sat on small plastic chairs. No sense of urgency
Sandy!..To late for Speed 3?
Check it out to change your life! W.amazonkindle.com Testament to Truth: memoirs of a life's odyssey
Yesterday is a canceled check, tomorrow is a promissory note, today is cash on hand.
I like Dizzy Gillespie. I'm not sure if u would consider Nina Simone jazz, but I love her.
im bout hungry af son
yeah i kinda feel bad for them... for the pain we will cause them if they dont renew this show! lol :p
: Dating a Sagittarius? Try talking about matters of social justice and politics. They tend to be interested in those subjects.
Best day ever!! No school, just chillin.
Thanks Tom, great read. Would be interested to try a few of those.
Ugh , School Tomorrow ! Are You Kidding Me ?! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Thankful to be working on a project that details the struggle in the DRC. Really has opened my eyes to that region.
Cain's 9-9-9 Plan: Because poor people are not getting poorer fast enough.
I love my mother :)
could you please link me to the radio website, so i could listen? (:
Frank McNulty to #LPR2011 - public policy is a marathon, not a sprint.
Good first class. 20 students are already following the class twitter feed.
Thanks for the retweet! :)
We know those! Hope we made it a little better, .
Brantley strikes again. Joy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Great win for the Lakers
word up RT“: This rain is actin childish already. Wtf”
Missing me some heat right now :/
writing block dissolving == euphoria
Ha found twenty dollars in ground
ur not gonna break my soul....<3
I don't like them either
I'm so addicted to this channel
Texting my sis in law and she be so real with me and that's y I fucks with her
This could be the record to do it. Even though I miss the gruff, harder edge of Blue and Red.
lol you know it
I have elephants in my pants!
Another reason to be proud to have the IMA, see story
I adore that movie!!
Sometimes God allows us to be tested because he's preparing us for promotion.
me to love the way he Rap's
Getting ready for tonight for big 22nd everyone come out!
RT : #EveryoneHasThat1Friend that they can only be around for a short period of time
I'm sending this by tweet & Text if anyone tht attended the crawfish boil Friday & Party @ my house Sat have Pictures please share
Our new menu's are here!!
ya definitely! Once the post birth craziness dies down a little just let us know when would work! Get some rest!
What a stunning NYC day. Off to Cowgirl to take advantage of Happy Hour.
Just watched a lawyer drink 80 ounces of diet pepsi in 4 hours. Awesome.
You really need to rethink posting this article. It is one of the most badly written articles on the subject.
The human element is the most important part of making music. - Dave Grohl.
To celebrate our collaboration with this saturday a special #FF in the next few posts.
Just wrapped up a dope studio session at wit and . . . #Gallery coming soon
Thanks for the RT, Patricia : )
Dems and MSM call it flip-flopping if it's Romney; if Obama, it's "evolving."
And wrigley a janitors closet at an Elevated train station RT Fenway = janitors closet in a subway station
Reading about cost of lighting through history: ancient Babylonian 41 hrs of work for 1000 lumen hrs. Modern American <0.5 second
is now on Twitter!
I meant "cheap ones"
happy birthday!!!
Did any NBA Journalists or Fans think someone besides LeBron James should have been Named MVP of this past Season?
Same difference.
All I want is you babe.
I have made a few other badges, all on my etsy page. Gonna make a few other ideas in my head
Big project completed and happy with the results. Now.. onto more boring mundane items I ignored in the process.... :(
almost had a dying kitty! Who knew that Lilies are poisonous to cats! Cooper is getting two days of IV treatment at the vet :-(
Feeling very bittersweet!
Ayé j'ai installé what's app
stay calm, be brave and follow your heart. if it's overcome by a phone call or a leap of faith, so be it.
I completely agree
William Hung invented twitter RT : Whenever I type Hung it capitalizes it ...WTF
Having a low opinion of yourself is not "modesty". It's self-destruction. ~Bobbe Sommer
Joy the in Holy Spirit - Inexpressible and filled with glory!! (Romans 14:17 + 1 Peter 1:8)
how should we feel about this win? You know, emotionally.. Per "the chart."
Hey all you ppl at #sxsw See you next year.
agreed... crushed...
The best hangover is when you wake up with a sunnyside egg and pancetta pizza in your stomach thanks to Barcento
Anyone coming to Portugal tonight?
not gonna lie steven looked cuute..
is she being mean 2 u
We'll be kicking off our gig at 8:00 tomorrow ahead of the 11:00 game. Come join us!
Hello! TGIF Let's see what this day will bring? I think it will be fun.
Great stuff, my fav is the sportraiture section! keep the world inspired!!
also just saw the singer is wearing a
=] RT : Finally home! Thanks for the memories
yes!! IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> =)
Giving an estimate for an apartment complex. And boy is it!
here at work about to leave at 7. Y'all back yet?
tell the Dutch Boys whatup!
every time you lie lol love that song
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. - Sir James Barrie
First ride on a new CTA car & I'm gushy like a teen in <3. So much space! Light up rail maps! Digital signs! Like, OMG you guys!
With RT First then and now show I love my job but I'm exhausted!
I'm gonna be Red John for Halloween.
Sorry folks, but the Jeremy Lin chat with is canceled due to some unexpected travel issues. Working to reschedule now!
it's a shame has lost a lot of his fans because of the Jelena situation, he's happy, she's happy, get over it.
Capsule reviews of films playing the week of April 25
Enjoyed my first 4 day weekend of the summer; tried tempeh (and loved it!); didn't straighten my hair, rocked an Afro instead
"Emptiness is the first step towards depression." ~ Elisha Hale
Grateful to share my blessings w/ others. Magazines to local Dialysis Ctr. & furniture to Salvation Army.
Hope he bring a blak home !
Dear : why did you kill five hookers at SMU?
Wrapping Easter presents.
thanx for the follow pimp
If I don't quote it that's my sh*t
Bye losers.
I want a pair of Supras.
Tht trip downtown was so worth it
The grizzles gotta hold on...
Just texted you can only stay in the rain if your wearing a white t shirt. Yup I said that to a girl! would kill me if she could
Are you ready for retirement? Most wait too long to plan, risking financial disaster. Certified financial planers (CFP) best bet for advice.
i have to wait twelve minutes for my potato skins to cook :(
Your mom because its a school night son! Do your homework! Haha RT : Who gone run this town tonight ?
Needs his fix. A gentleman gets starts in baseball!
&#9745; Look at Camstick 100 thumb-size Protect your home
I hate redundancy and people who repeat themselves.
And on Halloween we can attach him to a remote control car and have him wizz around! He'll simply be the life of the party
Hey #Wisconsin. Better off drinkin' than smoking them rocks.
haha the whole day is rehearsal day... I love it :)
13-year old girl from Wright Middle school walked away from school earlier today. Parents say she's about 5'3 with and between 165-180lbs.
Sucks for Mariano.. :/ Probably a career ending injury.. :(
Have a great Easter Sunday Everyone! It looks to be a pretty nice day. www.darlingtoncc.com
Oh hahaha. Usually watch Friends when sick. Though usually not now with baby. But when I can...yes. Yes. Or Arrested Develop
Heading to Woodbridge Mall
I hope doesnt have his RT sent to his phone -.- That would s u c k k . Lol
Retweet if you love
Epic Brush Fire
You're the hottest, everybody knows. ;-)
I'm not even trying to make fun of anyone but we just pooped ourselves because we thought a dog was a bear & it like tried to bite our car.
I could really use someone to talk to.........
TAKE YOUR PICK: Best chance of 300 wins Halladay or Verlander
LMAO! I like that word "ratchetivity" im gonna sue it
75 minute Custom Facial for $80
my head aches.
Okay, just ignore me. That's cool.
youre welcome lol and nice aha :P :)
Thanks for the follow. Good to see you here!
Mustache dude again
Another W!
whats fun for halloween this year? venue, costume parties etc?
We're at the partner session to learn more about sales effectiveness
I can't wait to introduce both of you to the bottom of my shoe. The one you will be crushed underneath.
It was in demand & U know how I love my
super super happy to be me ;) loving life, blessings to all!!! tweet me lol
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
Haha imma pussy but you mad cause you can't get it. Nigga sit yo ass down somewhere.
I meant "we love you Arsenal, we do." Forgot the "you" in that last tweet
the way miles use to shake his head in disgust at prodata.
Happy to follow up with you. Pastor Steven does check his msgs. Thanks for following. Have a blessed day. ^staff
also, the King foundation was paid $800K to license MLK's likeness and words. Seems odd to me.
I have an idea! You send Temara here, then Temara, Shawty, & Caitlin can smuggle me into LA! :]
Happy Cinco de Mayo @ Sandbar Lounge. NO Cover. $5 Drinks $4 Brews $1 Pool Table. 710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806.
Liking my MIS classes so far. I guess it's time to start a new degree.
Triple Double for my second favorite Buck Drew Gooden. Atta baby
Okay, who wrote the spilled-milk joke? #you'refired
It is great that the continues to support the grant proposal process, it recognizes how difficult and competitive it is
Jersey Shore kids coming to Atlanta to join the cast of '3 Stooges' Directed by The Farrelly Brothers...INTERESTING!!
I really want to cry over these stupid papers. WHY.
Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical
The cookie monster stole my cookie.. I'm mad at you mal! Hacked by yo bestie katy(: Love ya Xo now gimme my cookie<3
Merry Christmas Eve to all and to all a good night. I hope I don't offend the PC Police and end up in PC Jail tonight, Christmas Eve.
when was the last time I ask YOU to back me up? All I need and that's if I need them is chuck and Tez they always been there
stop throwing salt in my game.
Happy Saturday! "Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success" - Napoleon Hill
Name a species of big cat.
Did the Dictator come out? I need to see that asap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Cars 2 is a much better movie about automobiles.
Players - don't just be the 1st person to arrive in the gym - be the 1st person to be productive while in the gym.
You win, Sukker Bar.
A life without having Jesus is a difficult one.
MT ...correct. Civil rights should never be voted on by the majority. I feel like James Madison covered this, like, 225 years ago.
Good to have ya back!!! RT : Next stop.... IND
Perfect day here in Seattle. Just perfect. Now I just need a hammock and a good book.
you can drink some goose 4 tha same reason
Rolling in the deep is on the radio
Doc Rivers on now: "He's not hurting himself by playing -- I guess I'll put it that way -- but he's not healing either."
Back in #newyork!!
At the dress rehearsal for Frock Out 3 at the Denver Public Library. It's gonna rock!
I think I'm gonna drive myself to port a since every one is deciding to go.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 9
RT I can't wait for the series premiere of Snooki's new MTV show "Orange & Pregnant."
The Doris Day CD,"My Heart," is selling like hotcakes. Peter
at Chateau Ste Michelle Winery in WA is my favorite concert of all time. You made the tipsy 40-ish crowd the stage. Great show.
No the middle class will be no more if mitt romney becomes president. There goes the big dream of any success.
Indonesian ginger chicken and sesame sugar snap peas. Although prob should be eating leftover soup...
Nick Ashfords passing is a true loss to music.
So I tell myself that I'll be strong & dreaming when they're gone.
Communication... The key to a successful business. Effective tools are what you need, so ensure your telecoms are up to speed!
We still have availability for your April Party! Give us a call so we can bring the Sound to you!
Watching another great episode of #Fringe !
Yeah... same here. I'm crazy until the SB is over. Wish I had the time to enjoy it even a little!
[Social+][c=333333]Rosie O'Donnell's on Oprah Winfrey's network has been cancelled after just five months on the air. [/][/]
the best baby the new place is an phony joint
GOOOODMORNING. & EveryOne Reading This ... Hopefully you have a Great day <U+2665>
We're at we see and everything nice in the world too <3
What are the odds that our delayed flight from Portland to Sacramento will be cancelled (I hear there are 50 mph winds in Sac)?
We had to sing our songs in AP Language today. My group and I did Edgar Allan Poe as the subject and the rhythm was the Hokey Pokey.
With some clearing...many of us start below freezing & there are bound to be some slick spots. will track it early on!
u ready 4 football soon son?
Take Charge Indy
The weather this morning was perfect. I love cool fronts.
I have to stop being so fucking nice.
your welcome (:
Any teachers out there reading/have read "Chew on This?" Would love to exchange ideas. Thanks!
Game day! Football menu and beer bucket specials starting at 4pm. Don't miss the Super Bowl on high def big screens with table top speakers!
nirvana is where its at doe
Wainwright is a perfect balance between small enough to care, but big enough for you to be able to find a branch (in MA)
Tie and shirt bout to come unloose
Awesome event in the office today. Thank you so much to Love Drop and their blogger friends for all your help :)
as i
Finally watched Guns N Roses HOF induction. As Axl said - life doesn't owe you your own personal happy ending - but it was weird without him
"I'll get Showtime ghetto, but I won't get this ghetto." Ahaha I love
My Steam games will launch again someday
Mad excited for the wiz concert 1 more hour
I am thinking of going and seeing Transformers 2 Friday.
I do say that a lot :)
Fantastic interview Mr. Tapscott, amazing information!
lol want me to email it to you ??
Yay! We made it to Friday! Drink up that coffee, finish up that breakfast, and run that last mile a little harder because its a great day!
#Top10drupa No 3: The apple strudel was an amazing highlight that you are still talking about
You're never too old to run down the stairs, slide across the kitchen floor and stop the microwave at 0:01 as if you're defusing a bomb.
damn, I have no idea. Most of my friends don't watch it lol
Whatever it is that you've done to me, its a feeling that I want to stay!
we do private parties all the time! Shoot my manager an email & he can work details out! His email is
Gotta love myself better than I have been lately. I deserve it.
Get 100 minutes in the Level 3 Deluxe for $100!
We will be closed from the 24-26 (morning) for the holidays. We will open back on Dec 26 @ 5pm. Happy Holidays!
Mayor Goodall wants Prince George's to be a leader in reducing litter and protecting the Bay watershed.
Say it with ya chest.
Blame it on the tequila.
you were a great facilitator, loved your style! good to catch up in person a bit.
with austin smith
Excited that is recording a Meet-the-Author Book Reading for today to feature FAULT IN OUR STARS
After all day and $300 my computer is fixed... woo-hoo!!! Back to work.
Let's get shitty.
He's probably got better skills than half the point guards in the game today. is the MAN.
Can anything be so elegant as to have few wants, and to serve them one's self?
headed to SF for the night. I stuffed myself w carnitas and am laying in the middle of the bed trying to digest.
Complimentary upgrade to first-class with your Sandals #honeymoon or #destinationwedding to Jamaica, Antigua, Saint Lucia, or the Bahamas.
Theres always that one person that makes you smile for no reason.
NW ALL THE FRIDAYS!
get directv man...best thing going...
Stranded here in...Bakersfield (I was thinking more like...Madisonville)
why yes it does, i never thought of it like that. Im so proud. lol
Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio...A Wink of Couture www.youtube.com/smashinlashestv
LMFAOOOOOO! just said nose job!
go #sixers that's a team with heart!
he scored 2 TDs and almost won the game .... Your a raider blah!!
it's not a techie conference...I might be the only geek...lol
RT Be humble or be humbled.
My phone is being a jerk!!! Someone tell me what's going on!
Life is one big road with lots of signs
*dad made my day
RT : Federal Hall will be open this weekend, May 5-6. We will have ranger tours, a book reading and fun things for the...
Still not raining!!!WTF
I'm in dat juicy Lambo
sick of my stuff disappearing in this house
I like the idea behind , the turbotax of the college financial aid process. This will help many families.
Sealing/expungement, child support, rights restoration, elderly services, housing, family law, and so much more TODAY AT GOULDS PARK!
hah thank you !
whats going sir...is your email open for records from a songwriter
Met w/ a few members last night after a great day o meetings 4 Met with synergistic businesses 4 #selfdirectedira's&
Taking this new opportunity to delete photos from my photostream.
Maybe I should've worn that retainer and listened to what my dentist said when I was younger.. probably would've fixed my jaw
Our next Pro Hoops Review Free Agent camp will be held as a Portsmouth Invitational mini camp on April 12-13 2012, tons of scouts committed!
look at prior text
You're welcome!! When I saw it, I smiled :)
thanks for the #FF mention! Same to you, and havea great weekend.
Life can't bring you what you're worthy of till you stop settling for what's not worthy of you.
lil piggy :p
we love U too!
that's what I do when I'm reffing.
I would rather make news than watch it!! Unless... Unless nothing!!
What we eating???
It feels so good to get organized. Aaaahhh... Is there something in your life that needs organizing?
That's like when you told me to blame something and it came back to me.
come down to , located at the grounds for the BEST that Ireland has to offer on this side of the Atlantic!
loving beer is reason enough to free beer, right?
His name is wonderful! His name is wonderful!! Jesus my King!
What a fabulous day full of FB birthday love--thank you so much for making my day even more special!
julie dot larsen at utdallas.edu. FYI all application and transfer credit ?s go through Admission office.
The worst part about living in Alabama is that it's a million degrees outside and freezing inside
LOTS OF AWKWARD EYE CONTACT. And he tweeted me happy birthday! He's just amazing, I can't even.
Based on everything that's happened to me in the past 8 months, I really encourage all my friends not to settle! Dream jobs are possible!
One of the cool things about study abroad is you can take courses at some pretty awesome universities and colleges abroad!
Whats good Tricky!
Honey Pig!
I'm so proud of you young one :')
My latest book, "Analyzing Monsters - Family Cures" "The Drew Peterson Saga" was released for sale this week - OnlineRehabClinic.com.
archer is so funny
teen: "well, I'll just use one of my other library cards then."
Episode 6 & 7 Coming Soon. www.YouTube.com/Guidanceseries www.Troublesumworld.com Big up to & The Entire Massive.
Someone needs to create a Scavenger Hunt Run in NYC.
Even after all these years Pearl Jam still gets it done. . . "I know someday you'll have a beautiful life I know you'll be a sun . . ."
i have published one novel, i write a ton of non-fiction and have my children's book series coming soon.
#YouHadMeAt goodbye! Glad to see you go!
gah, I WISH I LIVED IN CORKTOWN! but, yes. and, yay!
I kno! Miss ya! How's it going?
I Look Way Better Than You Boo Thats Why He Second Guessing Like He Been Doing Lol...
so excited to see u on tinychat!!! wishes that u would follow me someday:::)
M speakon cables
Email us!
I. Dont. Know. Exactly. Leave. Me. Alone.
Valentine's themed wines. Still time to order. 20% off for Twitter users. Use coupon code VAL001. www.giftedvine.com
Yep. Ever see Tim Conway's "old man"? That was me leaving the gym after a total lower-back takedown. Crawling was an option.
The police are here finally.
Interested to see how SAP integration works out. Been on SAP implementation project for 4 yrs now!
Oh by the way, bassist said he loved playing for us tonight. Thanks for booking a great band.
I need to stop watching game of thrones I'm soo addicted its not even funny
SHE has blurred the boundaries between sleep and wakefulness. Otherwise okay though.
Midnight calls :)
Sometimes success requires fearlessly jumping in head first without thinking of the risks instead of incessantly planning every moment.
It's about a murder, but no Sydney Prescott in sight #damnittoshit is that about the Woodsboro murders?!!
Thx for stopping in!
Swimming laps is 10 bajillion times harder than running miles. fer serious
Good luck with both your confirmation and getting your braces off today! I'm so excited for you!!!
I think it costs.. But not much!! I can't remember.. I've had it since 2010... I LOVE the "mute" feature!!
Will there be afternoon tea in Peacock Alley this summer, or does that end sometime this month?
Slightly horrified to realize I am old enough to clearly remember the entire life cycle of this ~30yo campaign.
how about instead of tweeting you actually watch it...
isn't that hilarious? genius to put it in the center of broville.
I just laughed at the caps for picking him up after watching him in FL last season... I tried SO hard to like him, but god.
“Obesity is a condition which proves that the Lord does not help those who help themselves and help themselves and help themselves.”
>Absolutely....I will hit u up this week and we can talk more :-)
Very sad to learn of the passing of Roland Trogan. In the realm of small world, his son was my English prof at Fordham. Both great guys.
awesome :) feel free to flirt with me via twitter all you want. It will only spark my art.
~ Can I have one?
i tweeted the same shit without even seeing this RT": I don't know but today looks kinda odd"
Free Seminar Tonight at Showbiz Cafe in LA w/ and Starts at 6:30pm.
Getting my hair cut.. Bout time
Continued from last tweet I wish a player did what ochocinco did for that fan for me would be great(:
Back in the USSA!
The Granados are all posted up at Poli's on Ironwood and Ocotillo....Happy early birthday to our niece Bianca Corona
McCormick&Schmick's power networking lunch downtown...throwin back some Tbones right quick
Finished off a decent homemade hard cider last night. 1 gal. unfiltered apple juice, bunch of sugar, and 1 nottingham ale yeast, 2.5 weeks
Dont know why but i woke up with walking death today. Hope its just a 24 hour thing! urgh
We're going to be posting more videos from the #Phorum12 #cloud conference. Stay tuned!
here in indiana, would prefer "common sense party" rather than tea party
i been talking in an English accent n haha its fun but dad doesnt like it but i really love that English accent <3
Today is a good day my #Packers gonna show all u haters y we the Champs! All u #Lions a bit salty it shows yall aint on our level! GnY!
RT : @ #devlearn 'the Smart Worker thrives on autonomy' - encourage & enable, don't try to command & control
#Truth RT #Virgo's are the Ferrari of the zodiac signs, it doesn't get any better than them!
Cool! It will get easier as time goes on.
Thanks for the follow Sen !
awwe feel better love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
what is up!!!
im down:-)
By Don Bapst "having stuff read by actors, it's like a wet dream here."
Join us next month - Wed June 6 at 9pm ET. Topic: Facebook. Find out what to do w Timeline & ur biz pg!
I meant tweet an "essay" called "An Integral Take on the Blues Idiom" shortly.
beauty and the beast #nowplaying on
Just got back from Chipotle loved it. Now about to go clean my room and watch Jersey shore on demand
It may be time to start car shopping soon. The hardest thing I'll ever have to do... :(
Jumping up and down on my bed then falling off... Sweet -.-
This rain hella thick
It's a rainy day in Austin and I'm feeling nostalgic.
Woke up in so much pain...agggh i have so much time left...December ain't coming fast enough
good :D
could you give me a shoutout ??
great meeting you too! glad you enjoyed your first spreecast.
At the airport, 30% of the people look like Mad TV characters.
I think after a while you realize that you gotta just enjoy everyday like you have no more.
what's your cats name?
Heading up to Washington DC. Multilateral organizations love them some Agile Taxonomies.
where at?
Just wanna sleep.
Heavy night for Rob :) Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at PCH. Lesson by Rob and Alaina with DJ Rob. Bal II lessons start with Rob and Zoe 6:45!
gimme something old school, ditty by paperboard maybe?
Appreciate the Twitter support, too! Thanks!
Derby picks: Alpha and Gemologist. Long shot plays: El Padrino and Prospective.
Members Card Braves ML (-150) (20 units)
Hey !! That's awesome! Where did you run into Demetri at?
Consider the carbon footprint of the physical book. William Gibson in conversation last night w/Doug Copeland
Yee #bday tomorrow wish me a great one! Tell everybody follow that youngn Kc Halley that can be my present ahah
Having a random But good conversations with ! <U+263A>
I'm confused, too. seems like you can.
is channeling Rihanna in her profile picture!
cheers to that.
You finished all the dances?! Aw, yay! I want to see them! Show me during lunch, yeah?
Beef and barley soup for #mondayfunday tonight!! Talls for smalls and as always intervention and hoarders!
False Brittish Accents playing the Wedge tomorrow nt and friday is Walri w/ Christine Grace. Brooks has Domestic Violin and Ben Lawler.
This meeting has been going on for 3 hours and 20 minutes!
it's going to be very hard for him to wake up every morning, and have any energy left for practice being beside you lol...
Ya valieron los procrastinators
Love how TNT shows what viewers want to see. Showed woman walking on the court in Denver last night, Jordan's lip-reading tonight.
lol omg. I love you
Worked all day today an loved it another busier day tomorrow can't wait love my family and my life <3
Yup. Her voice gave me goosebumps it was so pure.
": {raises an eyebrow} You can't be!! You'll make everyone else depressed too!" And yea <--THAT
jump on the #fluentbus at #SXSW tonight hitting all the major parties for free drinks and a lift!
Huge series win vs texas !
Pacers played very well against Celtics in regular season and would beat the 76ers
Birthday week #whatsupwhatsup ;) !!!
Got home and changed into sweat pants and put up my hair . <U+E00E>
I'm exhausted and should be sleeping. Instead, I'm looking at pictures of NC/trying to find NC vintage shirts. I'm obsessed with that state.
Mike Woodson says Lin is out tomorrow cause he's not medically ready
i so recommend to go to YouTube n put wassabi u may ask who r they the go they r cool guys
you didn't see my face tho
It's always a good feeling when you unintentionally prompt change within your organization/workplace
I love her. Do you love someone aswell?
is that a high end model?
thank you
Tweet now. The answer is on the front page of the , what is the headline about Japan? Win ! RT
BOYCOTT - TAMRON LENSES - they do not honor their warranties. Customer service stinks. I'm totally PISSED!
Sure happy to! :)
Good morning everyone happy Tuesday
wut u claimin I have drama etc. Um yea nobody play wit me like that ppl love to use bs like that to start shit so no
why did u stop competing? :(
that venue is gorgeous!
it was lightning and they were trippin...... Then u start the Convo then
It matters more what's in a woman's face than what's on it.--CLAUDETTE COLBERT
Working on a marketing plan. What are you working on today?
itll be 1030 here when it starts. And i work in the morning. Ill probably fall asleep at half time
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses
Thanks for coming to the #GYGO orientation at !
Can you give me a rundown of all the variations of Bromance/Love You Seek? There seem to be 50 diff. ones they play on BPM.
IM TRYING AH!
Procrastination is the DEVIL lol....
Shiz i say girl
John Lucas or George Lucas?
That was a makeshift ending, folks. Beth couldn't continue.
Med school = is so expensive...I really don't think my scholarships will cover it :L
I think is a BAD Bitch ! I Love Her ..
Terrible day :( ready to go home!
RT : Game 1 of #Spurs-#Jazz series will be Sunday; Time TBA
I really enjoyed the "10 ways to use Twitter..." article you wrote for salary.com. Great read, it's the reason I'm here!
Not sure. It may be a minute.
absolutely. Especially with a commish who is so adamant about player safety.
fuck sleep IM AWAKE
I don't need to watch the meeting AGAIN as I was there for the entire meeting live.
I'm literally so tired that I can't even do anything right now
“: Look what Mercy's overcome, Death has lost & Love has won I am His because he is #ALIVE Happy Easter!”
It's May, suppose to heat up to the 80's the rest of the week - how happy does that make you?
Heading off to a game of poker, then possibly meeting a friend for a $3 beer at Toronado
I did not have that much fun last night for me to have broken my shoe lol
Hey when's the last time SI picked the mets for last place in the east? 2002?
Happy #Monday everyone! Hope your day is going well so far :)
I haven't seen the cologne. I think any tutorial will get its fair share of scrutiny and praise. At least you shared one!
And that's the ball game, way to battle Pedro Strop
Listening to Up All Night makes me feel like I'm in another world. It makes me happy when I'm down, and I love it. (':
Oh yeah I immediately unsubscribe 'em when I realized it but still annoying that it's the default.
You pay a bunch up front for the insurance, you pay a deductible, then they only cover 80% of your cost when it's in network?
hot & sour, cold noodle ,
Hate it when my dad controls Mothers day. -___-. And Matthew and I cannot do anything for our mom.
#SALUTETHEDJ #NETWORK SEND YA BEST SHIT 2 TO BE HEARD ON A UP N COMING BRAND
tells us about his random meeting of All because of twitter!
Three party weekend. The place was packed and the party rocked!
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. ~ Conrad Hilton
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love traffic
U right!
Its gonna be a long hot summer & we should be together <3 keith urban
I LOVE COTTON CANDY!!!!!
Beginning of Clayton Hamilton Jazz Orchestra tour in Luxembourg. Sold out tomorrow. Leaving for Lucerne on Sunday. sold out there too.
that's beautiful those memories !
I feel a lil bit excited every time #Cal&Jake say "Michael Harrington".
if only you guys were playing closer I could have a double concert tonight.
We are opening for The Milkstains and JEFF The Brotherhood! February 12th $8av $10door music at 9pm
It was all about the boots this session
Only reason they are not butchering "Surfer Girl" is cuz Adam Levine's voice is kind of okay for that song (Good call Steph)
STOP WHAT YOU DOING RIGHT NOW & DOWLOAD NEW
I had so much fun with #udesign team at #swoc !!
Have a Good Night and sleep with the angels
I might also watch Parking Wars, Law & Order: Special Victims, Bull Riding, or something. I wanna watch a lot of things. Haha
very close except that my figure is for all of NYC not just Manhattan which would be the equivalent of Central London I guess
Why me what have I done
Feeling like I didn't get any sleep last night
That free throw missed in regulation is going to be the 1st topic tomorrow
I hope yeen talm bout cuz he look good
Just now seeing your message. I will try to get a contact for you tomorrow, good sir.
Good morning! Who's coming to see Decoder, Us From Outside, In Other Words, Call it Karma and more this Sunday at The Pike Room?!
Try some steel cut oatmeal for breakfast. Great fiber and reduces cholesterol. Come on, you know poptarts are not food :)
RocBeer Social @ Half Pint to start tonight. Abilene's Pro Jam we sponser to close it. Yeah, that's how we roll.
and we are o go for operation bannana monkey-meatwad lmmfao!
Thank you Tweethearts for nice wrds for my .05 sec of fame & for the twitpics of my shining moment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The Web has made snail mail seem old fashioned and inefficient. We’ve got text messages, Tweets and email to communicate with customers, ri…
In order to get what you want, you have to know what you deserve and it usually doesn't come from someone who has hurt you once before.
hmm hopefully not the walk cause I don't want blisters! Omg I'm looking forward to loling at that! <3
Patrick Cudahy fire update. Command is preparing for an ammonia leak from refrigeration system.
It's Twitter. You can never 'tweet' too much. This isn't Facebook. #watdafuckilooklike?
#UndercoverBoss Australia is on.. I only watch it because of the 'Australia'.
thinking of going toe shoes but may not be secure enough in my manhood yet.
See you later =)
&even THEN that shit wasn't for you, it was for Celeste. Cause she said I wouldnt say it to her face. So I did. Didn't do shit.
ready to listen to talk about need to allow attendees to drive own experience.
is gorgeous <3 & his voice makes me melt ; love you<3
lol i just died a little inside seeing this <3
In case you missed it, Anthony Bennett told Scout: "Shabazz and I have been talking. I can’t say what it is, but it might happen."
thanks! "To much is given, much is required" smile! Have a blessed day!
Yeah I'm down, let me get back to you this weekend to see if I have to work or not.
Does anyone know of any systematic studies on the social #impact of social enterprise/entrepreneurship (#socent)?
HAHA right in the middle of the ocean though...
Studying @ the Library ! Math midterm tomorrow x_x
I checked into a cafe on foursquare and it said it was a strip club. I just wanted to openly verify that I did not go to a strip club today.
na ima treat you like you treated me so you can see how annoying it really is
New Year's is a harmless annual institution, of no particular use to anybody save , and friendly calls and humbug r. ~ Mark Twain
what is it??? Lol
Haha, the Huskies have hit two 3's and they haven't shown either of them.
vs giants! Let's do this. I'm gonna be doing the discount doublecheck dance all damn day!
I'm at Auditorium Shores in Austin, TX for the huge music fest - the Shins are up now and they are awesome!
« « Yeen NEVER To Old To Watch LION KING . <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>»»
u ready for tonight pimp??
Choose to have a great weekend! BE CHOOSEY
Can you imagine a world without men? No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
Is that a tightend? I didn't know the Ducks or the Beavers even had those!
do you happen to be in Miami. I am and it seems like it rains at least 5 days a week hear.
See's Candies, you're killing me. Didn't you say you were arriving *by* today? Little heart boxes, don't break my girls' little hearts.
Good luck New Zealand have a great Rugby World Cup hope it all goes well (but not too well!) for you.
Cheapest ticket for Evita tonight: partial view, over $120. What?!
So there is a precedent for this behavior by ringside physicians?
PSA shoot in Madison Square Park today - should be an interesting one...
Ok so like follow me cuz I'm a #Directioner and I follow back and stuff
On Santa Monica beach-- going for a run (girl show me what u working with)
I heard these shots on our hill. Not good.
RT : When you kinda sorta just wanna see that one person
HAVE A SAFE AND FUN TRIP
A reporter just told me I'm good at my job. Chuffed.
I am on there.
Welcome to 1Direction Academy! I'm your math teacher Mr.Malik. Now how many mirrors does it take to get every angle of my face?
like 20 days of school left. then i'm finally a senior.
Yeah, I'm watching my DVR-ed Ellen DeGeneres because #EmmaStone is on. So what?!
Left NY move to Ohio lets see was Supp up here
I have decided that I am neither cat nor dog person. I am a wildflower gal.
speaking the truth! In a world where everyone tries to be who they're not, the best way to stand out is to be yourself!
Thanks for the super awesome #FF. Did you see/like The Avengers?
ok made the mac n cheese now lookin for some friends in my area help me
wat kind of gun u gone shoot I got a 40 .
I will :) I'm going to sanfansicoco :) haha I can spell pshh
": The Blues and Sharks are scoreless after one period in Game 5. The Blues are outshooting San Jose 7-3. #bluesplayoffs"
Wishing you and those you love all the good fortunes of life, health, happiness and peace throughout the New Year!...
Also! Alameda county is the second most diverse county in the US. (manhattan is the first)
Lmao! ": Lol! RT Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, Drake can't remember her name = The life of Rihanna"
For my presentation tonight at HMNS, I get to show my slides on an IMAX screen. Never done *that* before.
follow the
The Internet wants to take Friday off early... MT : got this msg while browsing: "You have reached the End of the Internet"
Go STEELERS!!!
So blessed by and her joy!
Just uploaded the picture...so excited!!! LOL
please follow jadens army! <3 its his first official one! <3 GOGOGO ! & tell your followers to also<3xxx
has our #vote for #funny commercial of the year with their anger #eyepatch ad. #HILARIOUS!
Seeing Michael Musto riding his bike down 5th Ave always makes me smile.
and I have to be up by then! :S aaaaahhhhh! I'd try to sleep now but that won't work
Thanks. All the cousins are very close. They aren't sure how to handle the news yet.
Religion class is great cuz i get to watch ppl slowly freak as objections to their chosen argument for Gods existence hit too close to home
Hammond: for most part, roster is in tact. Have interest in Ersan and Carlos.
So jealous of her accent lol
Shut up , &No i dont i come in the house whenn i feel like it !
"What got you HERE, won't get you THERE."
All invited. Nuclear-Free Planning meeting TOMORROW- Saturday March 19th, 11 AM VFW in Boone. Spread the word!!
Girls can't wear cutoffs to sports practices anymore?? Thanks alot volleyball team
i can be your mexican.
Bentley & I are both feeling bad /:
love me
is following me around pigeon forge.
I am ready for the weekend. Relaxation is top priority this weekend. I need to recharge for next week.
RT : See the type of good habits you learn from working :-)
stumbled across a senate hearing for a supreme court nominee on NY1 and can't turn it off.
watching Scott Pilgrim right now.. this rules!
Duhh Sidney... we do it on purpose!
Anybody in NYC-metro area going to the Giants' parade tomorrow?
Thats not T-Swift's real Twitter.. I should know because were best friends. But I'll put in a good word for you.
- Yes sir. Always a good time!
I'm having another deep run right now in a $5k GTD...still about 30 from the money but I'm in a good spot.
I'm gay.
That'll be cool! Thanks!
thanks man:)
Shove 'em off! Work with the motivated.
Hope your speech went well today.
As long as you like the heat Disney is the place to be.......Cold front has yet to arrive!
Scrambling..goinnngg all the way?...no because the damn rams have be cheating lint lickers
Nope, I stick with the best glass by B+W and Hoya for ND and circular polarizing. If I was on a budget, I'd go with Tiffen.
So I should delete that comment then?
That is a clever one!
I wonder if apple cider vinegar really is a cure all.
went in at the Cincinnati concert. Good shit
I call the advertisers my partners if they add real value to www.thecoupondeal.com I love saving money to our followers, that's our moto.
Check out the 2 Hott new singles! "Lay Back and OuterSpace." Stop by show some love let us know what you think!
: Tweet #nueskesham to enter today's #ham giveaway...winner chosen at noon!
happy teacher appreciation week to you too!
why put your tongue on the roof of your mouth while doing #sit-ups?
Help people do what they already want to do - BJ Fogg
And a trapper keeper. RT : Do we also get matching three ring binder and pencil sharpener?
Oh, Tiger Eyes, too! That was one of my fave books--and still one of the few good YA books that takes on racial issues.
o do tell!!! What's going down?
Taped a message for Indiana's educators with my good friend Jim Davis this morning. Next up: Season Opener in Connersville.
I would order the fight tonight, but the way Bank Account is set-up....(kevin hart voice) lol
but what does any of that have to do with work ethic?
So much for happily ever after. That shit only happens in fairy tales.
Your stand up is hilarious and keeps me occupied while editing photos. #TheNothingFight is the best.
Late Night Vibing Out To This
Facetious! But it's amazing that someone would expect that.
waaaaaah. I swear I just uploaded the wrong photo first!
did u pour the shot or was it some hangover type shit going down
DJ Cyn at Cecilias Tonight! I start @ 10pm come say what up!!
Excuse me, Obsessed with your commercial & your burritos.
And I'll add you to my blogroll as well
See you
Happy 25 Birthday
I've been living down the street from since like 2000 and never see her lol weird right?
NO COFFEE?
ooh now i see... aha
Today was my last day of school, and now I don't know what to do with all these pairs of pants..
appreciate the RT. : )
" is now taking the floor. 'We [MD] intend to be the epicenter for Cybersecurity.' #GB2SV” (via )
Make sure you all follow and support
My mom just said bananas are one of the most unhealthy things you could ever eat. wtf, no.
USA Today RT : Who should ppl follow for the best #SCOTUS coverage today?
having hired people with skills but no will has burned me a bit.
Guitarist try out tomorrow. Exciting!
kitchen cabs get in?
by : we need Leon Powe !! What are they thinking ! He helped out big time, especially when KG was out !
when are you ganna be here
RT : I am guessing I would save $5 a day on buying bottled water from the vending machine
wow that's s long time.. :/
crap. I sent it the same time as my family's. They got theirs last wk
omg. #allergies. omg.
She's always sweet to everyone. So true, Victoria Justice is very sweet and legendary <U+2665> :)
So so so glad, that we get a day off tomorrow!
He needs to cut his damn hair so he won't waste time pushing it out of his eyes first!
I've been down so long it can't be longer still. I've been down so long that the end must be drawing near
Hot waitresses at mojitos 437 esplanade. And frenchman. Live jazz. Tonight. Rum bar food too
You coming at my guy all wrong see.
I have no idea what that means.
Your girlfriend is 6? Man you have some problems.
whoa, what a crazy thunder storm/
Finally inside the White House. Beautifully decorated for the holidays.
1986, what happened?
We're not there, yet. But hope to be!
Top Gun RT : What's your favorite childhood movie? Go!
ha thanks! Keep me posted. I totally love this idea.
im loving new york....its unreal
Hi friends (and people I don't know)
Relax on this cloudy Friday with a nice cup of tea! Check out our sale items and our new teaware!
still looking for Production, let me know
- there's a 5 in the morning too?!
I still got dem roids if you looking.
haha it's just one game I'm cool with it bro...appreciate the concern tho
We just finished up a casting call for another Dre Muzik Video Production to be directed by Mr Hollywood/ !
morning ya'll!
Update on My Drycleaner fire in Little 5 Points: cause of fire to be released next Tuesday. No claims until then.
"Our lives become the stories that we weave." Someone reminded me tonight that "You are in an open field" has the same theme.
I'm gonna miss my roomie :[
why must i always get hungry at this time? i just ate a bag of pizza rolls! well...time to go to taco bell.
you shoulda called!!! I miss your face!!
Had huge national commercial audition yesterday. And today got a part in a short. Not bad......
When life gives you lemons, throw them back and demand Austin Mahone!(:
Maybe he wants to be. Is this you?
Were at 4 & 's concert at 730p. Stop & enter for tix for & Sun at
Oh come on ! Rt : lets go
If Jesus came back today, many "Christians" would call him a dirty hippy and tell him to get a job. #ows #tcot #spirituality Put GOD FIRST
Uhm, not so much.
Teaching @ Rainbow Art Glass tomorrow : Fused Glass Pendants!
« It is easy to unfollow»
I'm bringing my own ketchup to school.
Man these airport screenings are more personal than a routine physical...whatever...it was cold! Off to
yay! Glad we caught you in time. See you tomorrow!
Wish I stayed home from school today.
Just realized I've spent the last 6 days, everyday, pissed off because of other people!!! What happened to live and let live??
Amazon just emailed that my copy of Insurgent has shipped! Hope they told my boss that I'll need Wednesdy off!
hahaha MISS YOU!!! right now so we are having sushi at the same time but in different states!!! :)))
who is Wickett? /trolls off into the sunset
Sitting waiting wishing. Not too long to wait i guess.
i wonder if anyone saw my jokes...
I seriously don't know what I would do without netflix lmao
thanks Katie!
6-0 run to end it gives Terps a huge win over Hopkins. 9-6 Maryland. Emotional. Electric. Instant classic! - Bulldog
Best dressed so far: Charlize Theron and Jessica Alba
I want to beat IT, I can finally get to my twitter again! Hello world!
I see broads are looking like frauds / Well I don't mind / I don't want the p---- if its just to occupy your time
I'd love nothing more than 2 play a villain in a well-written movie! What about y'all? And what r u doing to make these dreams come true?
On the verge of death
Hi Scott: I have a free pass to ASTD tomorrow. Are you still in Denver? Maybe a coffee? Mark
great seeing you and at the Hunger Games Premiere!
The US doesn't have the right to impose its imperialism on the rest of the world. It's coming back to haunt us.
ur pretty and nice and he's hot and nice! Psh can't be tht hard! I play matchmaker all the time!
haha I trust him. It's you that I don't trust. Logan always seems to get "excited" whenever you're around.
Agreed. RT : If you've never seen Nacho Vigalondo's TIMECRIMES, it's on Netflix Streaming & I highly recommend you check it out.
you gotta door, you gotta gym. With moves like THA FREAK, and THA SUPER FREAK!!
cannot believe got followed by Yes, I'm jealous!
I never thought when I joined this I would have as much fun as I'm having now
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs Because of the media
Jury: Google infringed on Oracle copyrights.
Fuck it!! I do what I want.
Tykese your going to be okay
you guys are gonna have a great time down there
Fuck what anyone else thinks, do what makes you happy.
Rainy & stormy...I must get some ice cream.
what do you mean? More then just 'get to the quarterback'?
Damn this Dos XX is so yummy!
The new vinyl window stickers for your cars are here at the command center ! Just picked them up and they look amazing :-) -Heath
And the Mustang is out of storage. I'm proposing to him today.
You should file a formal complaint w/ CLT Community Relations and stay tuned RT explain because i was discriminated against too
#helc12 32% of students report communication with instructors is a problem
By any other name would smell as sweet. - Romeo and Juliet (II, ii, 1-2) by William Shakespeare
I've seen like 5 or something idek they're just so cute & yes omg it makes me so happy
yes... but in a car. (Friend picked me up) Had to get to a meeting.
Oh she a triflin bitch *Kimani's voice*
The morning's musical theme is 90's flashback, starting with Eagle Eye Cherry and The Wallflowers. Excellent.
which one?
not jelly anymore lol
what r people saying about justin
At the Getty. Eating... Of course.
your time has begun!
Great new report from on models for #comm_college performance funding
Pampering day with
Hey #Cleveland come see at #Cleveland International Film Festival!
Thanks for your work tonight Good work. If we could only have a workout in a bowl.
hahah yup that's fopo for ya
What's with the hot spot on Fox?
Wade want this bad
sure,u first :y
#bengals are on fire! Pretty happy with what's going on. Can't wait for the draft!
Let's hope #mubb gets one now.
BREAKING: there has been a shooting on Cal campus near Haas
Happy 2nd birthday to our CEO, Madeline Adams!
Everything does pay off - eventually
Opel denies that German jobs at risk if PSA develops new Zafira minivan General Motors Co.'
do you think that if Marvin keeps playing like he is would a joe or josh and Marvin for dwight be a possibility?
Admire your tenacity MRae! Through it all and your light keeps shining!
yeah, I guess they were doing maintenance on the building. I noticed tons of police, helicopters etc on my way to the train.
It's OK. We were waiting for you, so nothing big happened
Some of Firehook's older customers will no doubt remember our very first store, on Lee Street, one block up from the Old Town waterfront.
Come Monday One-dozen Jumbo Buffalo Chicken Wings for $8.99 with your choice of sauce (carry-out, dine-in, delivery) (3/26/2012 only)
anyone have any favorite band blogs they read?
Sorry you've had a negative experience. We'd be happy to walk you through our support system. Can we give you a call?
Orlando getting did Memphis damn....
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of a woman scorned.
why wont you get it back
I'll be awake ALL NIGHT I'm sure! Too much on television, Plus ... I haven't eating yet and I'm STARVING!!! :-(
Always here for you, my friend. Psyched to follow your journey!
Real talk
they a good time
Yay! No longer barefoot! RT Left fab shoes @ Hotel Palomar DC a few weeks ago, called & they sent them to me! Love that staff!!
#Spinners up 4-2 despite #Constitution annoying fans and their drums
is anything happening with that?
Happy birthday. And is Challenge Nation paying to send you to New Orleans?
dam its been a min
but why am I always constantly being a jackass when it comes to guys...
Just woke up , cause i was hot lol
WINNER DRAWN AT RANDOM TODAY! Enter to win 2 nts in our penthouse: follow, tweet your fave thing about SF. Include #SleepwithFrank!
The days are long but the years are short. - Gretchen Rubin
Yes for the standing O!!!
Thanks for the RT, have a great weekend!
Happy National Student-Athlete Day to all of our incredible Baruch varsity student-athletes! GO BEARCATS!
I'm working! Gennaro's 5 North Square in the North End right off Hanover on corner of Prince St.!
Happy Valentine's Day! <U+E304><U+E437>
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 42
My cousin thinks hot shirtless guys are "disturbing" and "ew". She's 14..
It was funny, but the movie as a whole was buns! The story line was terrible.
Having fun with the "FBI Van 29" SSID on my mifi at the Marriott bar...
First day of summer and it already sucks. Great.
'One Shining Moment' is probably the biggest one-day only song this side of 'Auld Lang Syne'.
Wrote another new song! get ready hehe
this is a bad thing?
wanna meet me somewhere
Is it in PDF format?
Sitting here w/ my Hubby . Good times .
I already did(:
which one?
. -- What do you mean by "Kathleen needs to pronounce her 'g's" in your debate analysis?
Groceries! Best day :)
I want to go paintballing.. Or whatever the action for paintball is.
I made the varsity cheer squad! Yay! No, shut the fuck up high schoolers
Well said Dave Grohl
I need to make some more, refine ones I've made. A promise: there'll be no Britney Spears or well, anything probably has.
App vs mobile site? People expect more from apps, updates a pain, platforms an issue (esp int'lly)
Problem with your car? don't want to keep fixing your car?We Buy #Brokencars Or #MechanicalProblemscars!Free Quotes!www.fastcash4carsnow.com
RIP #L1C4. Shouldn't Cards be a bubble team? Best win against a bad Vandy team at home in OT w/o Festus. What's their best win?
Today's Austin Wine Salon: tasting through 45 Italian whites from great producers like Gaja, Tua Rita, Antinori and more. Can't wait!
I love this artist and his paintings of cacti! Wish I could see them in person!
Yes, Alaska and Antarctica are hopeless situations. You're welcome.
Thanks for playing our tune "Pins and Nails" on your show!!!
Can't run Conley into the ground. We need a reliable backup.
Really miss tweeting with you Carli :) This is how we got our start after all. I hope you're feeling much better tonight! :-)
city have launched an investigation into the death of a man who was called in for questioning about deadly blasts in the city last week.
Merry Christmas Eve!!!
Thank you for a great night, you can't understand how much I needed it
you will<3
brb my mind is exploding.
it's been my <limited> experience that children enjoy working if you couch it as a game
“: “: something to cure depression?” Rose Quartz” I'm dying laughing. Love you
Didn't know doing my tax return can be so much fun. Not.
Agree, SO lovely RT So gorgeous -- and those floors...swoon! RT awww.... good design! bit.ly/xdUTBP
I'm watching three teenage girls! God help me! These little punks are trying to hit on my daughter! One of them is about to lose his teeth!
I need to go hard these next few weeks. I want to see Beyonce on the 1st. I need to get some "see Beyonce tickets." So last minute.
43 New Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Someone should petition to rename The Good Wife to The Guest Stars. Maybe we should ask Bill Lawrence for advice?
:-) from the gate keeper. Great Show!
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” - Henry Ford
+ =a great dinner in store this Sat. at
So, did you do anything to commemorate MLK Day yesterday? If so, what was it?
Weekend Dinner Special: Citrus Herb Grilled Tuna Steak served with julienne vegetables in a citrus herb butter and roasted potatoes. $14
1/2 price martinis every night all summer long at the Scholars Inn, beginning Tuesday May 8th! Plz rt
girl you know I'm always here for ya(:
I'm trying to describe to how horrendous my poop will be. I just don't have enough adjectives or metaphors to describe it. :(
hope Newco let's you keep your frequent flier miles.
Follow to gain followers "god morning san diego' -,
I am so happy it's Friday. It seemed to come much quicker than last week!
Hi and We would like to donate a #car2go gift bag for #4sqdaySD DM us if it is not too late!
I lost a bro today I love you boy and cant want to see you again in heaven RIP Austro you will always be in my heart!! Love Cole
I like the second one
got my CD in the mail! Again, thanks so much for the freebie :-)
hi Luan! i Love ur videos and u! ur soo funny! u crack me up every video! RT? Follow? LOVE YA!<U+2665>
YOU TELL ME RT : What's the plan
are you at the AHA?
thank you for the awesome party on Saturday! Had a blast! Really looking forward to what you guys have coming up next
Thank you for that! I was sitting here trying to get motivated to start my day and that was a good kick start!
Thanks so much!!
yeah Ik /: but I'm not going to hate
My life is just beginning, but I have no path to take.
what made it great? (:
I mean, that's cool and all, but this sort of seems like it might be an historic event. First piece of ILA equipment in space?
There is FREEDOM for ALL! Every tribe, every nation, every color, and every social class. Everyone.
Hope your audition went well! Good luck--enjoy your lunch & run. :)
Zip tie affair at
daddy's home from the hospital :D
Birdman of alcatrazRT : What was the nickname of convict Robert F. Stroud?
Sorry for not chatting much. I'll try to do that more this weekend.
...went to see Dale Watson tonight...checking out some free shows this next week. Seeing any cool bands?
Woo!!! Heck yeah! Go Hoosiers! RT : IU > U of I
I guess my real question is, can I do the same?
Whatever bet i'd have a better chance then u l.o.l
#genomesolver #curenet breakout group on vetting std data. reminds me of wikipedia cautions "this entry needs..."
Excellent PR and link-building talk from BuzzStream founder Jeremy Bencken Beta coming soon.
Hash browns and coffee, the best start to a day.
One man's Voltaire is another man's Screech. ~ Dennis Miller
Watchin The Cleveland Show. Smh this makes no since haha
Follow please? c:
Offer friends and family a savory starter to remember. Our #homemade appetizers never disappoint!
yall i thought i was going to being on the moring news, yall just dnt know baby!
The auditorium in the law school is so nice. These chairs are so comfy. $30,000 a year for law school at Moritz goes far
I think you mean dibs. Lol
speaking of usc, u pick us or clemson?
how ya feelin today girl? Hahaha
4th quarter. The heat is on
I tried and now seeing it didn't work so I give up
Aw I miss you too ! c:
Traffic in Miami
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D&#39;Arcy
You don't know you're beautiful.
The Ponalo Lounge is the shit.
GOAL!!! Marcio Liete with the power play goal tying the #MISLChampionship game once again
Rappers are always late
Three AG-HPX250PJ and many other Panasonic products. How do we get permission use your Logo in our print material?
We assume Alex is saying his likes us most. RT :
I wanna lay in her hair
Going where? lol
pettitte's out of retirement! and home opener is the day thesis is due...i think thats a sign.
Thank you for the follow. Look forward to many tweets with U. Tweet me N E time.Have a wonderful week!
MARDI GRAS....UM SO WHAT YOU GONE DO FOR DEM BEADS SHAWTY..JS
imma text you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yeah, why?
"A prayer is not a plan. Each has their place, but don't confuse the two."
What happend to your ride?
Shades of grey going up on the walls at LF Hair Studio! Can't wait to see the finished product!
jtfo. One day but today is not that day
You're amazing.. c:
Big changes happening in my life.
yes lol. There's a data & analysis packet that's separate I found it in my bag .
You're welcome, Melissa. You're a fantastic resource. It's our pleasure.
I think I'll start the presentation with a joke. "VHS, BetaSP, and U-matic walk into a bar. yada yada yada BAR FIGHT!"
go occupy your butt
.I got school today (:
oh, i see you saw my email. you REALLY need to get over the clinton hill/crown heights thing. remember, i am always right.
China has over 952 million mobile subscribers! Wow!
Excellent. Enjoy!
We get paid from an inline bonus pool. Retail in store. Online. Direct Sales. Corporations. And we can sponsor entire corps N2 our team.
Getting the Hulk tattoo would feel like the devil burning my flesh off with needles dipped in alcohol then sand papering the wound.
Paul george is that man tho
It's full of crazy stuff!
consider it done
#Royals fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Orioles #Royals)
bless u
- Calling all Cars... Reha coming to SF, LA... Can you arrange a car? and a
Just got twitter!
One of my new fav pranks
Refuse to sleep!
I am so excited! Can't wait to see you darlin'!
I'd rather fuck you
I can't wait to get it. It's on pre-order, for next week I believe.
Paths are made by walking. ~ Franz Kafka
Singer Marc Bolan would have turned 64 today. He died in a car accident in 1977.
good food, good friends. Great fun. Excellent cause.
Kevin Durant hates doodle jump
The new #iPhone article reader format is money, making it so much easier to consume information quickly.
damn, I caught the best sleep last night. :*
#Parisisburning - hands down one of my top 3 favorite documentaries. So real and so inspiring.
Big hug. Thnx.
#littleknownfact athletes and rappers are not the only african americans making money.
Anyone have a student created Google Presentation to share? I have a presentation tomorrow and I'd like to show it off.
yes. I'm still sick now :\
tacos are for tuesdays
Help me add 'likes' to this page. Share on your wall please. And thank you.
I hope to one day attain the lack of accountability that virtually every leader, lawmaker and CEO enjoys.
heather and I are going all three days is going to be awesome...I left you a message a few days ago asking if you were going
Stressing and obsessing is not my style. I was raised to say fuck you, with a high class smile :)))
Just saw , aka Mini Me, at a restaurant in Hollywood.
I'm on that feel good shit
yes! and would love to hear your thoughts on gender, technology and libraries.
Why yes we did. A few of them IMHO.
Don't ask for advice & still complain.
woohoo! Happy early birthday!!! :)
Thanks to all that came out for our #SonomaInTheCity tasting last night, and happy #WineWednesday!
Ended the evening w/board games. The Boy won Monopoly. The Girl won Candy Land.
Everybody that has a jersey, put the letters ROD behind the name and wear it. #bushrod is stayin
And the frosting for the cookies could be Amaro, Hudson, Lo-fi, Earlybird, Sutro...
Donald Driver has the moves!
Before any of these other female rappers were even thought of, was there.. And spitting some of the realest shit!
FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING FUCK!!! GO CHOKE ON A BAG OF BABY DICKS STUPID NORTHERN CUNT!!!!
yur a brunette again :D <3
Just go with it is fucking hilarious #ohshitonme hahahahaha
The world outside looks so unkind.
someone tell my dog she ain't a cat
"Do or Do Not. There is no try." Yoda.
New york rangers fans goin crazy
Are we going to see an iPad/HD version of Wunderkit anytime soon?
omg so am I that was freakin hilarious between the two of them
Another new tagline for the Internet #ANTFTI: The Best Info Feed Money Can Buy
yes definitely
my real concern with bbc prog. ont. is working with raw/archival materials.. not that you can't do it, but maybe a little funny?
Someone just subscribed to my "FriendFeed". WTF is a FriendFeed
I know this sounds...corny but whenever I have a problem..I turn to God and he helps me through the problem *holds Rosary*
Awful accomplishment “: For the first time in nearly four years, the U.S. government took in more money than it spent last month."
can u bring into the stadium an adidas cinch sack?
getting ready to watch #hanson be awesome as always!
Yay! Glad YOU'RE here! RT : Hey Cleveland, what's up?! Great to be here!
2012: I'M SEXY AND I KNOW IT 1862: I'm physically attractive and I'm aware of this statement.
Kirk Franklin - Give Me
January is Human Trafficking Prevention Month. But really, it's something we need to think about every single day
you should add me in one of your movies lol
RT : #Bears' Phil Emery on Jeffery: "This is not a lazy guy. When he gets the ball in his hands, he's working to score."
not a RT, I just tweeted it and it put me name before it cuz I already tweeted it
living the blene high life
At DFW. About to get a massage and then a beer.
I could travel back in time
JHud or Adele? Tough call, both fantabulous! Only need their voice, no gimmicks
or www.ricktalifeonaseahorse.com
Hi biking community! We're looking for 5-10 new adult helmets for our daycare kids to go bike riding. Know of any places that might donate?
Chris Mann. RT : My vote 2 win the voice is jermaine paul
#WhatGetsMeMad when its freezing in all my classes and i don't have a jacket.
are the hours on the clock goofy? It said i already voted today. Im just trying to vote every day for my favorite!
Usher is singing our song on SNL
of course. There is a clear message being sent here...direct and indirect. We must take heed.
Thanks for the check-in at Sebastian Joe's!
:( LOL I just try to keep shit in line
You got it. But first, I need to sober up. :D
me too, i wish this was an april fools day
Ok, back to business at Occupy Wall St NYC.. Yeah!!!! Long live the Movement of our generation!
I wasnt moving keys I was buying 1.5
I consider it a warning that idiots are reproducing.
i hate when my mom gets into my conversations and then starts yelling at me. what the fuck?
Why don't you have free wifi Newark airport?
Love the resume board idea on pinterest!
Yeah I've already had that discussion with them. After all the players/coaches/band etc, PDX alums have next to no tix avail
awww!!!u are so welcome crystal! Thanks for your support and twitter love! <3
hey its ariel
I've gotta keep this game on.
bahaha, good luck. Your efforts are in vain, I got 12 check ins in the last month, BAM
The young are constantly told to be consumers yet they can't afford to buy anything. Looting is a rational response.
It's one game, CP3 and the Goon squad are a determined bunch!
I am having a problem with my account. I can log on but then it doesn't full download and when I click on something it goes blank.
next time. i promise i will sing to you(:
we love you too! Hope your ready for the new album!! Can't wait for you to hear it!
man , that was a wonderful night , we need to do that again !
and killed it tonight in Chicago! Great job guys!
Agreed...Lynn B. will milk about half a dozen incredible stories out of this.
#48-Champ Bailey-CB-Denver Broncos
Not Ready To Take On Today
Bryn Athyn...what the hell? This town ia two miles wide and always swamped with traffic and accidents!
i didnt realize it was two already...im going to bed for real now
This lady is listening to her 90's music SO LOUD on her iPod & blowing a balloon up, lets the air out, blows it back up *repeat*
Very nice site! Will visit often!
Sitting through so many sessions at SXSW I am reminded that the success of many panels is the strength of the moderator.
thank you all for not giving up
Out in Somerset, haven't been out here in a long time.feels good to be back.....but I miss my boyfriend so much # u never leave my mind <3
Impressed that Alaska speaks out against objectification of women. Would like to see her character have her actions follow her words.
Thanks Mark!
It's gonna be bananas
can u give me a shout out for my birthday !!!! on saturday
Thx so much for the RT. Cheers!
After a lunch like that you see why Nike is so successful.
Glad to help however I can! :-) Quick question -- what are reasons #202 and #201?
Kinda feenin tonight.....oh well.
Just won our first gsme of the day(:
On da way to Mama's to have a Dos-A-Rita!!
yup.. And we were on some crappy wooden boat, that's the boat I WISH we were on. ;)
70% of your views on the nature of good, evil, the state of the world and its people, are determined by how you slept the night before.
Are you looking to live in Stadium Village? We have the right place for you! 612-703-RENT
we are not
that's a bathroom its a spa lol
when my wife first messaged me on icq I thought she was a spambot ((:
bring Dru back !!!
Yes, I never felt Mr.Mumbles. How did he ever get so large in the first place?
Slowly loosing my patience
The best leaders are the people we respect, we would follow to the ends of the earth and back, who put the needs of others before their own.
Gary played for the Denver bears in the Montreal system. Didn't know his son was on the Rockies.
Good night twits :)
“Be as simple as you can be; you will be astonished to see how uncomplicated and happy your life can become.” -Paramahansa Yogananda
Nicely done!
DID YOU KNOW?! "One acre of peanuts will make 30,000 peanut butter sandwiches" yum!!! YOU'RE WELCOME!
Love christian music? You should check us out!
BHADD BITCHES CANT SEE ME,,,,BETTER YET DEM BITCHES WANNA BE ME...
What concerns would you like addressed by #SDMayor Candidates re crucial senior issues! Tweet us your questions, we may use them
good morning from new york honey
Gotta get on that homework flow. So much to do but so unmotivated
Alan Benson: people do not engage in FB session, they have it open as bground and are in/out as needed.
yea my roasted bananas bombed, will def. give plantains a shot next time, thanks!
RT We will be adding to the areas of mental and physical fitness and healthy living topics
Turns out the conjecture about non-union staff may have been incorrect. Looking like prior staff will be brought back.
I'm up in dat bih!
just keep drinking. It's what's getting me through at this point
David Nail has a terrific voice, I like Steve Holy, and Blake is solid, but most of the new guys are pretty mediocre, honestly.
Service project with my boy !! Gonna be so fucking boring. Oh well
But self-interest can be construed in many ways. I think it is essential, but by no means the highest of the virtues.
I think we see a statement game from the Packers defense today. Packers over Lions 35-13.
Sorry so late in our reply, but thank you! The future looks bright!
I always miss out on the turducken wtf'in!
Creating new painted glass chandeliers for La Quinta Arts Festival, March 10-13...awesome roster of artists, a must see for art lovers!
How can my clean laundry literally burn me yet also still be wet?
I will move to Nashville with you any day(:
You need to be listening to this Pandora station I'm on!
It was the dead of winter: EVERYONE was hidden under a hat! :) I'm gonna look at your FB pics.
saw them already on sale at QFC broadway in Seattle. will attest I stood speechless shaking my head.
The older couple's duet on #XFactor last night was hysterical
Today in 1998, Robbie Williams' "Millennium" enters the UK charts at #1. This will also Williams' first release in the United States.
but if Floyd is the better fighter why not handle Cotto? Putting the different styles aside of course tho
You know things are bad when the dictionary starts including ads. I rest my keyboard. Good night.
Q: would you rather put natural or synthetic products on your skin?
You wanna make the history books? Fuck up ROYALLY, lol. You gotta put EVERYTHING on the table. Scared money don't make none
Want to go international with your faith this summer? Don't wait! E-mail for info!
Any of the 4/20 revelers know where the significance of 4/20 originated?
; & your on my walls (; You must feel special (; Haha
Yes, and concerts :3.
Pretty bangin' dinner at Mother's. SEAFOOD GUMBO OMGYUM
Prediction: #Romney wins nom by math. #Paul comes 2nd n get a phony promise. #Newt talks convention drama. Media clamors for 3rd party run.
so today some girl demanded i buy her a birthday present... we ain't friends bitch hahaha
yes indeed… I need to snap a few for ya.
Very excited to be attending #tcamp12 this weekend. Anyone else going? Ask me about our Public Sector track
RT : worst feeling ever, staying up till 11:30 to see the crew give up a 2-run jack.
Remember that there are other people in the world besides the people that you know. Don't give up on the world because of one person.
Please say hi to me!!!
Speaking out against Sexual Violence today at LaSierra University in Riverside.
possibly yes
The new L.E.D "Blue" Tactical Lighting are free at www.PatriotSafe.com
Happy Super Bowl Sunday! Who are you rooting for? Stop by during half time for a refreshing Marg!
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness! It is my inner strength that keeps me from telling you what I really think!
“: hi” was good bro
Thank you! :)
Hi Sauce - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I LOVE NYC!
Giants vs Phillies!! Grab a Coors Light and hold on tight because this game is going to be filled with non-stop action.
Guys, I just read a B/R article that wasn't a slide show. I don't know what to do.
Dinner at the Needle of course! Let us know if you make them a reservation and we'll send something special to their table.
P.S. *waves* Hi to you three, been a minute since chatting!
First test of last night. Woke up feeling great! I'm a believer.Can't wait to introduce it to Roosevelt Island!
Hello, Jessica again. Thanks for sharing your thoughts - I will be sure to take them under consideration for next time at FCC.
Looks like there's a private event at Poste. How about Iron Horse, instead?
Drive safely this evening! We're hearing about dangerous road conditions on Interstate 75 between Richmond and Berea.
you do understand that this is going to get super ugly, right?
More telemarketer adventures: the same woman has called from the same phone # six times in 24 hours. The company name changes each time.
Anytime! I'm glad I could make you smile! We need go to the mall or the movies to visit 4.01 again son. :)
RT No man has played a more badass gay man than this guy: submitted by megustcizer to movies [link] [260 comments] ...
easy courses at university of washington . Learn Front Page The ...
nah dude i am just joking she didnt come this friday she is coming on next Friday
Dont You Worry Imma be across the pond Soon!
Hair loss affects men and women, young and old
No, his position makes sense as an Evangelical (and is typical), I just don't agree with it
Maybe artists are miserable because they know the only things most of us will ever learn about them is, "American, born 1954, died 2012."
RT if you love your friends from Barbado!
let's do it! I'm down
Can we please ban people who stand up and read, head burried in the pages, their paper in a monotone voice? #AAA09 15 mins of my life- gone.
They gave us all $10 gift cards, sponsored by other contributors to #DonorsChoose. Ingenious way to build the user base!
Avery is gorgeous Congratulations on London
Thanks for the birthday wishes and Happy Birthday to you too.
Good night jessie and lil einstein. Long day
thanks. Tell ur mom and grandma Bobbi I said hi! NeNe never had kids did she?
thanks :) I think they're still overhauling Connect so it might be a little still for the conference scheduler?
How all these people hate on the Lakers & act like the biggest OKC fans -.- <<<< shut up.
Myth busted on real-life 'Barbie'? - Edmonton Sun
Donde Esta ? I'm Starting to miss her company lol .
If they have gold, Do gold and black :)
They screwed that power play up! RT : omg did u c that easy goal
dang I do?? :/ aww that hurt lol
no were we supposed to?
#replacebandnameswithherpes rusted herpes !!!
you should visit us to celebrate surviving Irene!
I read that wrong haha
lol hell yea
How the hell do we give up a 9-0 lead to the yanks...
Am doing very well thank you....anything new your way?
I absolutely love productive days off. And it's even better when the sun is shining. :)
Just had a company meeting in the bathroom.
Brian Mcknight's new song is so wrong but yet its catchy
I need me a friend that's an accounting major ASAP!
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar??? ...
ha ha I am trading the snow of Houston for the rain of the Northwest
Bon Jovi dead? Man...I wonder why anybody would make that up? WTF.....
To all of the Wonderful Mothers … Happy Mothers Day ..
Rainy day in Manchester. #dc2nh with and vets group. GWUL here too
"The secret of good writing is to say an old thing in a new way or a new thing in an old way." Richard Harding Davis
He sober so fuk him lol RT : How & when did Tyga become my favorite Nigga on Cash Money?!? ...eww
jesse was getting so embarrassed to be near us, so he played ps3 the whole time
At a museum think tank meeting. Mixed messages about social networking. Is Screen Slates Twitter getting too off-brand?
Happy International Women's Day! Look for our WoA Summit this May & WoA's 10th Anniversary event this Sept.
nope. got shake shack.
with tonight!
I hate it when Niggas think they got it. And this line probably makin this nigga think about it
I'll be back in town Wednesday, will for sure come by the following week!
Words of advice: Never be roommates with someone you have slept with.. It WILL be awkward at some point!
good seeing you last night!! Hopefully you dont bail like that next weekend for homecoming.
#tdwg GEOlocate lightweight web application demo
Just got done running 4 miles... Fuck im tired. Need my dick massaged!
Otay Love you To Bye
Congrats on breaking the 200 customer mark! That's
My mom is awesome. Helping me get rid of stuff and she rolls around with a stack of voter registration cards "just in case".
Rob said he ran into you! I am achy and have the chills...working on feeling better!
Agree with you about Lulu! To me, GH has made her not so likeable character, HATEFUL! She isnt a cop!!
Thanks, Kyle. If you're ever working on that topic with a San Diego County angle, let me know!
why do I act like I'm all high and mighty, when inside, I'm dying.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes
Shout out to Rachel for re-tweeting the festival info...good looking out!!
#dsoc #sla2011 Rhonda McGinnis speaking about opinion polls & what ques we need to ask about them
#NF & thanks for the follow (:
I'm taking the time to sit down and really think about myself. I'm one fucked up person.
It's Rubie Tuesday at Laughing Buddha! That means 2 piercings for the price of 1 !! (this includes basic jewelry) Come on down!
That's a catch!
yes whenever!
miso soup
Here's to the late Fenway Park announcer, Carl Beane! True class act. #RedSox need to win this game in his honor. Go Sox!
My hours this week are going to kill me
Cool, I'll probably have more questions for you lol
Arthur Laurents wrote the ORIGINAL book #WestSideStory & directed this version which builds more on the emotion than any before
I thought it was stupid. I didn't get it at all. But the woman in black you will love(: for sure<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
By time primaries get to VA, everyone's out? Did I perhaps hear from you support for reforming Pres. primary process?
wake n bake
hey buddy
How come the new Muppets movie is so wonderfully fantastic?
haha :p we just passed by 170 too on the 4 train :p
And now remix scholarship inevitably ends up with T&P discussions.
Happy to share some of your gr8 ideas. Will tweet more in coming days. You've written some good stuff!
RT ": Talking on the phone with :)" can you guys please let me sleep!!!!
Excellent work by the Future Trend group at Eefke and other on the group! Lot's of good data
Well talking to my doctor was definitely worth the wait! I'm also done and on my way home.
unless you say it in an Asian accent.
Watching " Hellboy " so cool !!
Starting this M.L.K. Jr. Holiday with a cup of Joe and a writing session. "I have a dream"
No red carpet for you? Obvi they didn't know who you are!
I love it when you stay up just to talk to me because I can't sleep.<3
wow you really pissed off the Kool-Aid drinkers
Interoperability can still be an issue w/ tabs but this used to be an issue for macs and pcs & there are ways around this now
ziti with meatballs... teh food par excellence
what about Chicago???
If you #Follow me, I'll
well there go MY plans for the night!
Wait how many people am i talking to ? Aha :D
Check out our pal James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia #documentary Official selection of 2012
hmm suspicious. When did you get one?
probably like kindergarten or 1st.. I doubt I could handle older kids haha.
Downloading iTunes now so I can get the song. I never used it before. Only for you :)
Thanks for the advice!
love it cause the boy stay fresh like canned goods
WOW people! Less that one week till I leave for Europe!
It's a huge store in colored sections. Every section has outfits, shoes,jewels, purses, hair accessories..you name it.
Thanks for passing us along! We're toasting you with a marshmallow tower s'more.
would not have the night the boat spent on the reef?!!! Sure!
Don't wait for time. Make it. Don't wait for a path. Find it. Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.Don't compare. Be unique.Learn from it.
Do you have more details on this position? Your tweet was cut short.
I read #Boy21 without reading ANYTHING about it -- not even the back cover. I almost never do that...
no. Maybe i am super jaded but most gov't men cheat when away from their wives. I've seen it do many times it's ridic.
Sure(: what must i do?
Your so irrelevant, bye
That rick Ross mixtape ain't bad
Castro decommitted pre Kelly rumors but I think we lose a few because of this and don't land any of the big last minute guys
Gorgeous! And I adore that necklace.
Ice water is the best water.
Are you fuckin serious, Michael Porter?
you are so rude. bye.
I'm the only one working . So you would think they have some respect. Assholes
Last Bible Study in LA :(
Carradine vs. flying snake...what's not to love?
Got invited to hear a band play midnight Saturday at The Whiskey. Realized it's way past our bedtime.
my girl is on the today show!!
(Anonymous) Cooperation is doing with a smile what you have to do anyway.
Come celebrate three anniversaries on Saturday April 7. LV News Bureau 65th, Emergency Arts 60th and The Beat's 2nd. Festivities begin @ 6pm
Great job on the article about looking through the Hispanic lens. We serve the Hispanic community and you are 100% correct
Hey Wiley, industry question: how do you feel about your publisher's expectations for the book?
if i see one more tweet about Vincent being gay, im legit slapping you through my computer screen. who even started that?
STA Travel DFW is hiring for Fall and Spring Interns! Email for details/info.
Go to hell
only ugly ppl watch sports:)
Psssst....don't look now, but we're putting the finishing touches on memberships and subscriptions. Drop us a line if you want to try 'em.
I really wanna pierce my tongue but idk
Day 2 of UNV 101 Instructor training. Really hope I get to teach it this fall.
I'd wear a helmet.
on nice, im thinking of ideas for my stupid english paper
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported our band how to build a fire and Shannahan's pub. Happy 4 years Shannahan's!
We will be at the Haven in Orlando on March 22nd and in Merritt Island on the 24th!
Im post every pic i have w/ dogs i love w/ all my heart
Kanye rhymed 'sarcophagus' with 'esophagus'. Closer?
They announced it on 5/15...coincidence???????? I think so.
Still 40+ people here at #cleanweb boston central hacking the night away!
A televised 3 way with plenty of Santorum.
If you're not going to speak up, how is the world ever going to know you even exist? Stand for something.
Oh wow. Probably more than I'd want to do for a game. Lol
Holiday shopping, are you done yet? Or are you the hustle in the bustle of the season? *yeah so what if it's only Nov*
no constant rotation of whores = unhappy Rick. Pretty obvious really.
gonna chk out 'Inside Job' documentary 2nite! Curious...
Love ya to.
I thought you weren't attending finals ;-)? Plus, who needs them?
One time for tha homie DJ SCREW ..... I'm feeling throwed in this bitch ....Drake- November 18th
Im learning Romanian. Its a cool language
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today for the "Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!" Companies like !
it's only see you later... Not goodbye duh
Best of luck to all of my teammates playing for the girls' district championship (singles) & (doubles)
Don't give up!
Dr. Sonjia, author of #SexOnSouthBeach, joins in studio to talk about her book & provide her wisdom right now on 640 Sports.
Catching up on emails!
Anschutz Willing to Buy NFL Team: Report
Yeah, definitely a happy accident. That's why I took the pic. I'll have to do some experiments.
Alrightttttttyyyyy GOOD NIGHT
Commit suicide before the real life begins. Die a day before you're born.
you are not marry right ?
why do i feel like crying god damn it nothing even happened I SHOULD BE HAPPY CAUSE OF YESTERDAY BUT NO.
Let's go #NYR. I refuse to shave tonight
The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music. It is needful to have the instrument in good order.
Its so awkward when you're in the middle of 2 people speaking Spanish and you know their talking about you
Colleague, Chelsea Carmona, who attended the OP-ED project training w me in San Diego was just published in Huffington Post! Woo-hoo!
NOBODY wants YOU until EVERYBODY wants YOU!!!!! ILL SHIT!!
I dnt knw y people wnna chnge ths year y cant u just be urselves evry1s unique in their own special way,,, y wud u wanna be some1 else!!!
does that count as pranking the prankster!?
I wish Instagram made your tweets more interesting
Certainly ;-) ... the '3 key factors' a very helpful way of approaching
I'm a fan of you kira!
Happy Star Wars Day!
Happy birthday jk rowling. May your success increase passed its maximum. Your faithful fan always. XoXo ~cathy
Don't call me a grammar nazi for pointing out something you failed to learn in fifth grade.
dan I am italian.. Have you met my mother?? Lol
my son was hiding in the bomb shelters as Hamas tried to kill innocent Israelis in the South. BTW-my son NEVER tried to kill anyone
Lately I've been doing everything by myself and on my own..but I can't tell if I'm growing up or I'm just a complete loner.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
No one ever dream of almost being wanted to be remembered.
Keep ya Head up God got something for you!
That's the worse thing someone has ever said to me.
Lmao. My lack of sleep made me giggle uncontrollably at that lol. Sorry
lol “: Nerlen Noel good choice. who else could offer you money & plenty white girls #bbn”
Richard Pyle: What makes Earth, the Planet with water, so special? The 10 to 30 thousand stories inside the library of life!!!
Watching #Elf with Hayyooh!
When u finally get to that secure safe place alone (jus u & God ur father) its ok 2 take off that smiling mask, cry & let it all out...
Occupy protestors successful in turning away vehicles trying to enter Port of Portland. Hundreds gathered near entrance to Terminal 5.
I just got my afterparty tix for Spring Awakening at !
Oh man, talking about past Council scandals in my Interest Groups class.
<U+E328><U+E326><U+E03E> Gospel in the morning <U+E00E>
I'm inspired after listening to Laura Galvin talk about color therapy on Everyday Wisdom. How can you inspire your Spirit with color today?
Don''t forget! Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day "Love Eternal" Dedications! Info here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
How about the commercial when the invisible cop hides until you drunkenly get behind the wheel? So creepy.
smart move by the #instagram folks. $1,000,000,000 is lot of $. Especially for something that will move to fad status in time.
Im not in the loop at all, i dont kno wats going on in philly smh
#FF for calling out via Twitter.
I don't care that this is expected & stereotypical... Oh my goodness, it's sunny! I'm wearing sunglasses!
She is ridiculously cute!! Thanks for sharing her with us.
Keep it classy SFPD I see those up and down looks, not for you kiddo
I mean Kyle. You are so due
#TebowGotTradedFor a Grand Slam meal at Denny's
First friend to get to BarNone gets two beers on me, and a loss in darts. Yes we're viewing the game tonight.
thanks :D
Stayed home to write this morning (b/c it's quiet here) but wouldntchoono the girls got up early & loud work going on in the courtyard.
The fact that they always say 10 minutes when you order in Chinese food.
I'm scared too! I need to be comforted.. If only I knew someone that worked in an ice cream shop ;)
My diamonds talk for me they say hey can I meet ya?
I sholl can't wait until they open des weight room I mean trap house lol haha
Hi to our newest followers! #Boston #DoGood. We anticipate volunteering with u. Pls RT!
Our Favourite line : London Weight Management (:
new House !!
Dropped my coke cap on the floor. Now I have to finish it.
Anybody have any video of the train honking its horn in NE PDX?
Finally Got my new phone
I'm wondering now: if you put up the text of a written story online, why is that not considered #DigitalStorytelling?
Have a great day!
There is no duty we so under rated as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
My mind is a ball of confusion right now.
Of course I need to find someone who would want to play this game with me.. >_< What a simple game though.
so are the indians
jic I don't have internet for a while - I'm heading out to the Pacific to meditate, memorize the new play and share the demand for equality.
Attending the 2nd annual #JDRF research update for the medical community.
pumping gas while my sis washes the windows and my mom sits in the car listening to talk radio...yea, my dad would be proud tonight ;)
Would love to see the advocacy group in the conversations happening on #admissionslive and
Starting day 2 of the Hard Hat FAM at DoubleTree Downtown Cleveland. Too early for their famous cookies?
Heroism consists of hanging on one minute longer
my body is starting to become so sore from sleeping on this hard twin bed. i long to be back in my bed, snuggling my pillow pet
#Fall Break is coming up (: yyaaayy!!!!
Tweet Numbers & A Pic Of You For An ICONic Boy / Vinny [: <3
Say What you've always wanted to say!!!! AND MEAN IT!!!
Stay strong! The pain of teargas lasts a moment, but the bragging rights last a lifetime...
We will miss having your energy in the office. Good luck at your new home.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 32(:
Brownie points for you! :-)
New study on urban rainwater harvesting document from NRDC
Worked like crazy in last 24 hrs it's still not done! I've never had SRP completely planned in Feb brochures going to printer
For a guy who #gainsweight super easy, my days off reek havoc on my daily diet. Everyone else have the same experience?
thanks for the giggle :)
In defense of Joe Pa...this feels like a railroad job on his legacy. Sandusky can only hope for a swift prison end via multiple penetration.
im on sum new stuff 2day who with it
Hi , today is my birthday, and all i would like is for you to notice me... So if you do, thank you! xx
hey you, I miss you!
And how are Grammy and Grampy doing?
im done with this twitter drama, i got better shit to do on my friday !
C'mon Sam, outta bed. You can do this.
glad you're alright bud!
Ate at your Happy Valley location for the first time last week and enjoyed it. Looking fwd to coming back.
The three rarities in baseball are: the unassisted triple play, the perfect game, and the 4 HR game. I've seen one of these in person.
. your mission: Soccer Siren. A notification for your desktop that warns you when soccer teams are close to scoring.
Right back at you! Thanks for following and adding me to your list!
Medical Examiner confirms one person dead at 27th n St. Paul crash. still on scene.
Compliments are appreciated, but I never been the type that needed much attention.
So bummed I had to miss it. My back is a mess. Hope to be back on Sat.
The Exercise Rx now has a home online! Check out my company @ www.theexerciserx.com and watch the video on the home page while you're there
Me too! We should try it out, and see what happens.
you're one of the three on my list...not sure about the other two.
Thank you for bringing wisdom and inspiration to #FutureMusicMoguls today!
"Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless" crying. this is my favorite trend ever omg. now if we all can just get along that would be perf <3
Slut. Slut. Slut. Whore. Cool message. Haha. You stole that. Slut. I didn't know that before. Whore.
#Niven & #Pournelle, The Gripping Hand. Fairly worthy sequel to The Mote In God's Eye. A refreshing change to read hard SF every so often.
#blakeshelton just finished a lackluster set at #stagecoach. Bring on the Mrs!
The team just beat the defending national champions, , to advance to the #FinalFour in LA!!! Happy Flyer Alum!!!
loves Canada !:>) wonder if he loves Houston,Texas <3 rt
:) Wonder who's behind that one... ;) Can't Wait
Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
I'm really liking ur vids by the way ;^)
"fighting to make the mirror happy"
Shout out to my newest follower go follow him!
My fave pi-related post so far RT If 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716 is typed on iPad, does that make it an Apple pi?
Yes! R.I.P. The Rev RT : #CityofEvil is one of the best metal albums I've ever heard. Such great musicianship and song writing.
One of my favorite things...adaptive reuse.
“: Shoutout to all the freshmen who have 3 years left! #suckstosuck” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Werd. Notta out in view then to the studio
do you draw cats? (aka how to earn a gazillion extra credit points -joke!-)
I'm in line at the airport & is reporting on terrorist stories & airline strikes. The friendly skies are more like a bitter ex.
dude! I love that song and i'm seriously listening to it right now!
I Might go Friday and Ill Be with u dess and dime ..
. has to do something tonight to honor Maurice Sendak right?
When your sleeping at a friends house and they fall asleep on you -.-
If parenthood is anything like installing a carseat for the first time, I'm not sure it is going to be a good fit for me...
more in football. Most schools play thirty or so basketball games. Thirty! You have a bigger margin of error in basketball.
yeah today was too good to be true. It was Friday weather forsure here in NC.
On this day in #Yankees history plenty of #Yankees fans cried knowing that Mariano Riviera season is over and career is uncertain.
You crank that Soulja Boy...You... Wait, this is not what you were talking about
New TV dinner 2day! Chili Mac, Garlic Spinach, Corn Bread, Roasted Squash & Marble Brownie, just $15. Get it b4 it's gone! Call 404.681.4434
Lunch was delicious today thanks!! =)
Have you entered our contest yet?
FYI - Today I am going to break a mirror under a ladder while holding a black cat... Gonna be a good day!!!
Thank you for the follow !
it amazes me how people in this day and age are still #antisemitic. I am literally disgusted with the world.
I wish that were true of Americans. They commit injustice after injustice and think they will be spared.
what's up wit you Pinky holla at ya man's Cali D. Lookin to do some more business
I just want to eat and go to bed.
I picked short books :) And, of course I meant to say 'with only TWO hours to go ...'
I saw 'Indie Game: The Movie' tonight. If you love independent video games. It is a must see.
Quote " be guided by your faith and not your fear. Put yourself out there! Be a difference maker. Be fearless and courageous. Randy Woo Woo…
that is awesome to hear! Congrats!
"We can rejoice, too, when we run into problems and trials, for we know that they help us develop endurance (Rom. 5.3)"
All i dream for is FLAWLESS skin.
#FantasyFootball question for all the experts out there like - who's the better start this week, Rodgers or Fitzpatrick?
#NW Without A Trace
Big Bill doesn't follow national politics, but Newt Gingrich's rise in the polls is a gratifying sight for husky Republicans!.
Thank you for the info. Will see y'all there.
Tears flow as thanks commissioners who are leaving at the end of this semester. Thanks to everyone for all their hard work!
I Hate How Someone Can Treat You Like Shit ; But In The End You Still Care For Them . ..
Marcella Rose is about to start their set. Come hang out at Poor House in downtown Ft. Lauderdale!!!
Marven! hey! remember me?! It's been a VERY long time since we've spoken! haven't been on b/c of school...how ru? : D
I smell food!
Speak kind words and you will hear kind echoes. — BAHN from Power of Speaking Positive by Joy Haney
Hey iMix96.7! Glad to connect with you via Twitter!
I love when I get caught by every damn red light.
Need prayer? Send requests to: Our family prays together every Monday on a conference call for people like u!
Dancing lesbians, not always sexy......
Vacaying this Summer? Take Spa Tech's clock-curbing Travel Kit packed w/ bio-marine goodies. 2oz. = TSA flight-friendly.
Any recommendations on good cafes in Venice to do work from?
problem corrected. Too many respected followers in common not too. Happy Saturday.
What is the more effective way of promoting your #yyj business Facebook or Twitter?
I'll also say that we should seek more constructive responses to injustice than rioting. Rarely solves anything.
Yesterday is gone, tomorrow is approaching! Being thankful for the moment and taking no thought for the latter! Can we find wisdom in NOW?
how'd you like the show?
Oh shoot! I put everything else but that in my reminders. Man! Struggling with the reminders app on the iPhone though. Will try.
Helicopters have left. School has extra police force today. Will be happy to see her walk through the door.
remind her that she was drunk & you're the designated adult. Shut that noise down. And don't sit for her again, if it's like that.
Didn't the last game start w/ a Thornton 3??
Studio today.
I will be at Adobo tonight at 6:30pm. Got love for music. Me too.
we here that "get yo money girl"
San Fran is Crazy in the fall, its like sunny and beautiful every day, if you ever visit this city, come SEPT-NOV, its bananas
Its only 4:45 pm over here
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 3
Wait what?! But I'm not even drunk...
Confession. I am having an affair. Hello Mr. Johnson :-;
Gave my dog a bath. I really hope she goes to sleep now. If not, I'm going to cage her up and she hates that.
Getting up this early is for the birds...
Whohoo, can't wait for the mini-food tour with next week!
Both #Rothman and #Pascrell get handshakes from prez. Saw Pascrell also get clap on shoulder and laugh from something he said
we should tackle The Artist I think
lol I would be going out of my mind if i had to watch all day but glad she loves it. :)
Ok. So i had this weird dream last night. I got jumped by four nerdy ass boys for my purse and phone.
It seems John Edwards believed he was untouchable, that he could lie and cheat all he wanted because of who he was and the power he held.
In hindsight, I guess I'm grateful for the little water pressure I had in the shower.
She's cute, pero
how about Old Thompson?
let's all FaceTime and celebrate together
What the hell is wrong with Brian McKnight? Let me show you how your &$@#_works!
I remember when I had my first beer.
Last night in roulette, I bet on 3,0,1. I was redirected.
Believe and you shall receive.
: 'It's not ridiculous that I match my manicure to my cycling shorts, right? RIGHT?' ha! Nope.
Is that supposed to mean your funny?
intro to law - just more in depth on the law, purpose, application, etc
MT : Dianne Feinstein & Barbara Boxer, elected on the same ballot this day in 1992, were also 1st Jewish women Senators.
I forgot how easy homemade pizza dough is. It's becoming a staple!
I need to go grocery shopping. Actually, I've needed to go grocery shopping for over a week. :grumble:
Who is your mentor, advisor, coach? Don't think you need one? You do! And how do you find the right one... and are you ready for the truth?
"We can change the world, build a business & have fun" - Precisely my plan.
3 day weekend <U+E409> this means more time to spend on One Direction. Haha
yes I remember her. That's who Granny G reminded me of, except Granny G's way better then rappin granny was haha
Bruins pull out a win. One more win to go tonight.
The key to success is maintaining focus on the important tasks w/out being overwhelmed by the urgent ones
15 bad bitches n the room b4 the show ...damn I luv dis music shit
id love to do sports with u too
We're like oil and water, repelling each other. sings it best. ;p
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning my alarm clock..
Do you have an accent or do we have an accent?
Note to self check lyrics on playlists on spotify before playing! Whew glad there is a delete button!
Mavs swept by OKC. made all the wrong moves this year and last. Team sucked. But, at least they don't live in OKC.
package part is because items must be concealed until you get home
Need to start two of three this week - McGahee, J. Starks & Crabtree. Thoughts?
#SMWSportsBiz thanks everyone !
You were the only one to ever like me for my... Personality.
please choke “ im sharin! Jus not wit u”
Whoa! Just read that you have scurvy, too! Possible epidemic?
Still haven't seen the avengers
Tonight @ 8pm: Launching Salsa Lounge with SalsaNow at Mari Luna Bistro, 1225 Cathedral Street Baltimore - across from the Meyerhoff.
RT if you like food (;
Our dishwashing soap smells disturbingly like Blue Freeze Pops. Do they use the same chemical to smell like some imaginary blue fruit?
So tired but supporting the homy!
Hey all you tweeters
Ok good music has arrived
yea i guess
Just submitted my proposal to Kickstarter to raise money for a roaster, grinder, and start-up materials. Fingers crossed!
That is my favorite scene from The Wiz!!!
who you telling.. You write your letter to your panelist yet.??
i guess
Busy day ahead with a lot of meetings and appointments this morning then directing It's going to be a fun day!
#3WordsForYou Eat a dick.
just talked with a Columbus woman who was home with her 2 kids when she woke up to find a stranger in her house. story at 11.
#Saints just got fu**ed harder than #Tebow LOL
YES they they are finally back in the US of A!!!
honored. Thanks for follow :-)
Your job is to email me the address & I'll look for a local hotel. :) Yay drinking & taxiness for the 3 of us.
Feels so good to be writing or rewriting again after surgery. So close to finishing.
I think everyone should go to college and get a degree and then spend six months as a bartender and six months as a cabdriver
Just finished doing yoga with Destie. Had so much fun! <3
3 reasons why giving 5 reasons for things makes me mad.
Stay in touch new friend!
Gotta love #redis When you need M2M2M groupings and can't get straight SQL under a second, CACHE those suckers. ZREVRANGE FTW
#Domains for #sale from : GoodRiddanceOsama.com & GoodRiddanceBinLaden.com -
where is the shady lovers?
Go to www.Scottysbrewhouse.com. You will be sure to find some AMAZING Indianapolis foods there!
Dirty Car? No Worries! At Express Lube, we'll wash your windows and vacuum your vehicle with our premium service oil change. Come by today!
Happy Hanukkah everyone!!!!
lol didn't I tell u I wasn't ugly! U ugly
love that place. Ask Mike about the married couple that tried to pick him up.
Congrats, Paul Epworth, Rick Rubin. Great great job..
i need new txting buddies
Book in a day? It's more like book-in-six-hours. But with 21 kids and 3 adults, what could go wrong? Will keep you posted.
I don't even know what to think or feel anymore...
Everyone likes Tebowing, but only a man can enjoy Roethlisbergering.
Trying to figure out with paintings to work on tonight. Had chicken for lunch...bad vegitarian bad, bad, girl... tisc tisc
I want my nose pierced again
cause I was "talking back" .__________.
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!!!!!
Excel blows my mind everyday! Amaze!
I wish my friends could understand that although he's not perfect, he's all I want...
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
hey congrats!!! VancouverSun: PNE announces lineup for teen music festival - includes OneRepublic and Joe Jonas
Looking for a good read for those long winter nights? Don't miss the Metuchen Library Sale Oct 15th 9AM 480 Middlesex on the Library lawn!
-I want it he can still I want it-!
that was Jc all summer and me all of college
muscle spasms r wonderful -___-
Learn how to be a safer driver on those roadways! Take our Distracted Driver course!
Supposedly it's an abstracted smile? Which would not ring true to me. Pepsi is The Devil's Nectar. No smiles here.
Voting is key for Latinos but politicos need 2 engage in real ways, b relevant, understand issues/struggles of families
Lardner: culture of impunity persists in Nigeria because rule of law is not enforced. The state is the regime
Nothing says, "I don't care if I look like Rick James" like curly bangs.
I will keep you informed the city of boston move so slowly however 4 to 6 months you will start to see the site soon.
73 degrees outside today, what an awesome day!
Thanks for your support all the way in Africa ! :)
Trynna kick it
This back pain is ridiculous
Throwing a drink & cup in someones face.
aw. Tell your mommy I said hi. Does she have FB?
Glad to hear news from baseball teams all around the country!
ooh! Fun! I miss your face. Want to go see Foster the ppl in burnaby w/me?
#MustFollow me and I will follow u back
thanks for coming in! we love that #Nutella shake!!
I miss you!
Shot more footage of the upcoming tattoo documentary today. More through out the weekend.
Let's hope I pass this driving test tomorrow so I can quit taking the bus to school and work..... the bus sucks.
My 7-year-old son on spring break with big plans for playing today: "Mom, can I practice piano after dinner? I'm on a tight schedule today!"
I need help...
If you would like to order our delicious toffee for Valentine's Day, call us: 228.297.5632, you can also send us a tweet!
Inspiring breakout. A favorite conversation takeaway : collaboration and competition don&#39;t have to be mutually exclusive
Dodge Hits the Bull&#39;s Eye with an All-new Compact Car -- The Dodge Dart
Watching rocky... This muthafucka got his ass beat n every fight b4 he won
I have to see you tomorrow before one of us leaves..... :( left me hanging in study hall<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Ash did you stay in Hoboken?
I know say those two solo HR by the
RT : has taken over this feed again.....Bulls win!!!
i cant imagine getting old , lol .
I know!! Hahaha!! Just putting that idea out there xD
Just discovered TV ONE, geesh!
So excited to see up next on !! I loves her!!
I feel like a wet dog
I hate the fact that I have the attention span of a nut. I seriously need to study for these finals.
Random: I need to learn how to take pictures of myself. I feel I take not-so-good pictures!
It Is Sad
I dont think they are allowed to reproduce, because they kill them to study their brains. But if they did ... ?
no I don't. I've been busy with studying b/c I had to review everything from last year.
Cinco de Mayo is definitely influencing our May specials - now if we could just find the tequila...
I wonder if Rahm will be removing Sweet Home Chicago from his iPod now.
lol what do you normally drink?
have fun D. tell the boys I said what up and play some craps for me!
I do... It's called twitter
Rules on race that prevent thousands of middle-class parents from adopting ... - Daily Mail
Any functioning gas stations near Carlsbad CA 92011????
I will keep you posted!!!
I love hearing the words "I missed you" :)
Game Over!
girls want ATTENTION. women want RESPECT
he deserves a chance, u fan bases need 2 stop bein so selfish, I'm a mahomie n gave him a chance n he's a
Working on posting having issues uploading pics to ChicagoNow..in the meantime just a few minutes away from chat w
You bet! Were you able to get in touch with anyone regarding that gift card? Hope so!
Just saw a man on a bicycle get hit by a car and brushed it off.
as long as your happy and safe, nothing else matters in the world
oh no I live about 10 minutes from Georgia state :) I moved from Lawrenceville back in August
I could watch that on repeat everyday. He'd probably pitch better from centerfield.
great to connect! Hope you're having a great start to the week:)
Does anyone in the greater Los Angeles area have a bass amp we can borrow for a series of upcoming shows?
"I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it." Picasso
Getting my 6th tattoo after work tomorrow to celebrate my first time on a New York stage. :) Why ink? 'Cause that's how I roll!
it's ok, it's actually not that bad... Are you?
Hail in South Bend.
That is so cool..I love the Scots..however I am Lebanese & the name Hanna means John...someday I want to do a DNA test..who knows:)
Sal from impractical Jokers is definately gay
aww it will happen
Thanks for the follow, if there is anything I can do for you please don't hesitate to ask
hope it's high octane gas at least! Lol
Don't call me for a ride... We all kno what happened the last time I did that :/
yes ma'am. you have so many o.o
so I need your bbm pin again lol
Rockies' No. 1 starter Jeremy Guthrie (yep) on the hill today; sweet green glove.
"Owl... We need honey"
I just wanna go home.
just realized how short the guys on Jersey Shore are...I would look like an absolute beast next to them
Are you cold today? We have plenty of clothes to warm your bones! Come by and check out what we have to offer!
Quinoa breakfast cereal for lunch.
You are a special woman.. The right man will come along and u deserve the best
silly - of course i would! horrible waste of good cheetos..! reminds me - i'm in a cheeto free household atm, must remedy that.
me too, we on duh road again
There must be a hidden message
MN got so much construction on the roads
Beware of people who speak to you on the street and try to lure you into their dispensary. Trust only #CosmopolitanDispensary on Ellis St.
RT : If your at the Indy Dealer Expo this weekend be sure to stop by & check out Castle Streetwear! They have amazing......
I'm a huge online shopper. However, I waited until the week of FAAW. My mistake..my son loves it.
Thank you for supporting BFB again. Our bowlers need to hydrate!
tastes like heineken, kind of
Last night's #LosAngelesClippers game was a Litmus test for me, and it showed me that the Clippers have little to no chance to win.
still in print?
I heard this morning on that a sequel to Anchorman is coming out! So pumped!
#communityservice best feeling in the world!
great i think toast hates me...
oh lol x) i thought you werent and Dangg girl you got alot of followers x) which verified accounts follow you ?
Our pleasure! And thank you! Hope you had a wonderful weekend! :)
HEY JASMINE V Can you my friend ? I love you and Can you contest me I live in spein and I like you concuerse
Jake Owen you are killing me. :'/
THANKX For the follow ....Shots fly out to Ape Gang..
With a get better mindset, you focus on improve rather than proving. Via Karen Halvorson.
BibleFax: Gospels were written by writers skilled n Greek composition, not by disciples, who were Aramaic-speaking, & probably illiterate.
Why does everything sound so much more evil with a weird european accent?
Don't miss out on our annual Valentine's Day program Sweets for your Sweetie. Make reservations by calling 327-7580 today!
Thx Rachel! We are on FB as well :)RT : Looking forward to seeing where goes!
How many will go forward to next week?
ur welcome! I am excited to follow u 2!
we launch this week! DM me and lets chat.
thank u again for the support! :)
not a virus just spam
why doesn't it seem to affect you?
Just did week 8, day 1 of !
Why can't we have iPhone batteries that last forever?
Show TODAY at 3pm. Yesterday sold out! Get tix in advance and dont miss out on some funny improv comedy for al ages.
One love <3 RT haha i got nothing but love for people that are taller than me!
I also have signed up but have not received the newsletter! Would love to read it!
Good work Momma!
Chicago Public Schools admin on search engine: "Based on way it will have to spread, it has to be a killer product."
Spin Nurses
Working on the Craziest Light and Sound Experience in NC. Come out this weekend for our Flare Friday for a Preview Before Grand Opening.
Happy Independence Day!
What a great drive u r on today Jen, have fun!! You even have a personalized tour guide, , giving u fab advice -
:) Way to not take the bait. :)
agreed, it is a sad thing.
We are at 499 followers. Looking forward to No. 500 and beyond!
All that woofing you hear is just the sound of the #Huskies choking...
my best friend that i never get to see anymore has a twitter!!
Aye. Va beach is great. DC is the furthest into the NE Ive ever been. Brother lived in Syracuse for a while
That awkward moment when u look @ ur clock and hurry to get to ur bus stop and the garbage man tells u that there's no school today. :-/
. I thought it was about 2 albino, head-wobbling aliens who's blood was solid until it come into contact with concrete.
is awesome
Does anyone out there in twittterland use Hootsuite Pro? Is it worth six ducats a month?
If a child comes to you and uses words instead of behaviors to tell you what he needs - celebrate that need and MEET it!
A grown-ass woman wearing a tiara is grounds for suicide.
what's going on over there?
Every morning I wake to 4 alarms (none of them mine) going off at 6 am. It's still dark outside. Not even GOD is up this early!
I just lowered my book to $2.99 on Kindle. Let me know how it works out for you.
yeah it's one of my old ones from fb. lol
Thank ya kindly.
thank heavens for podcasts on those long Wednesday commutes.
*quivering* RT : Everyone stay calm. Take a deep breath. is seeking volunteers.
I think I just agreed to defer more than a third of my pay on a project, and thats only if the project gains more funding... bleh :/
you got that right. but being 15 is still overrated. even though i love you to death. ;)
No negativity survives the fiery of inspiration.
Its not an opinion if its the truth.
Just overheard by a guy proclaiming love of his new iPad: "I sync with a PC now but soon I'm going all #Apple." Amen brother!
Skipping the burbs today. I wish everyday was a skipping the burbs kind of day.
You know that smell on your hands after you get done tuggin' one ... That.
I find most of my tv-watching happens during the morning -- thank goodness for DVR.
Moving out from the Modjeski household. Big day!
Happy Monday!
Is it wrong that I'm already looking forward to my girls night bday pub crawl NEXT MONTH?!
“: Devils score. 3-1... 5:59 left to go in the third.” it hurts
lighting issue in the car.
When you expect bad things, bad things happen
there was a deaf protest in downtown Indy yesterday, so scratch my theory of there being a whale orgy
Follow also RT : Can ii Get ah Follow Back Plz
MBurger has beer?
This lady sitting next to me at the doctors right now, smh!
Heroes is a bizarre show bring back the wire !
I'm blessed to be afforded all of these opportunities.
OMG what happened ?! O.o
Think #oomf needs 2 hurry up n come b4 this food eitha gets cold or disappears
First band practice, SO FUN!! :)
fixing my tumblr ;]]
I trust people way too easily..
Outside = sucks.
I don't think heroin is supposed to be fattening, is it? There goes my next diet plan...
Just got raped by a swarm of mosquitos. I'm sure I have the Hanta virus or polio. This is beyond malaria.
LOL! As a lifelong Brewer fan, totally understand. Until recently, we sucked too.
ma is making a instagram lmao -.-
Oh thunder.
Creating an ad campaign is mostly heuristic. You have to come up with something new. Daniel Pink's book Drive. Great new book. Mendell.
listening to the redacted episode. The pauses before daisey's answers are agonizing!
Fine,thank you:).
Good morning Austin .... Let's have another amazing day..!we open at 11 till 2 pm
Good Night <U+2764> I love you
Yayy! Can't wait!!!
Right back atcha Already signed up and excited to see your stuff.
We choose those we like; with those we love, we have no say in the matter - Mignon McLaughlin
breakfast? or are you skipping?
Getting psyched for our show with REBIRTH BRASS BAND tonight at TIPITINAS uptown! GROOVESECT hits the stage at 10pm!
sounds like fun!
The only Marvel I read these days IS Marvel Previews. It confirms I'm not missing much.
Why can't my AP be over like every other sophomores?
honestly idk hey can u txt me 9512938966
I was glad to be outside, but the transition from indoors to out and back again def slows things down.
You forgot an integral part of the contest...be sure to include the hashtag. Congrats though, you are the winner
Can't believe you caved on this stupid boycott. You're Coke - The Boycott wouldn't work! I'm going back to Pepsi!
Break My Fall - Breaking Benjamin
also, there are TONS of awesome mini golf place in the Dells. You would not be want for those there.
Ties up baby!
watched a really creepy guy taping himself playing video games & it reminded me of when we had Dad tape us playing Nintendo. :D
Thanks for putting these together, they're so helpful! Do you use a system to collect them or do it on your own?
Lets go Celtics!
having been part of the male gender for almost 26 years, i am confident that none of us know what's good for us.
Outside hygrometer claims 5% humidity right now -- lower than I've ever seen in VA. Heading up the mountain to admire the unwonted clarity.
yes, not down the stairs UP the fucking stairs ladies & gentlemen.
you can watch all the games for free at justin tv or vip box :)
I'M IN THE BEST MOOD EVER!!! THEY HAVE A MUSIC MAJOR AT MY SCHOOL!! AH! I'M SO EXCITED! :) :) :)
good point. maybe more specifically: do you find at the center of product definition process + decision-making?
Maybe the whole of UK decided to go to bed early. 'Cept for maybe. Lovin' the sounds.
PLEASE Mommy?:) i love you
Only when I need to be... (;
We're all stars in the eyes of our children and mothers, so tell me why we all strive for the praise of another.
“: Doing well, how 'bout yourself?” I'm doing good :-)
thanks Jason! Great time had last night!
Ughh now we gotta wait 2 more months until Fortune !
Lobos need to go after all the transfers
haha omg is that cat yours??? How adorable & precious!!! :))
I think your question is among the most interesting for workers today. Hope you stay dry.
I will wifey
Shout out to Fab Follows #FF and
it's my moms birthday today. happy birthday ma
super cool!!
#WhyYoShoes talking to me, when u take a step
Jet lag.
playlist-live & meet Austin Mahone (on my b-day) OR tickets for Cody Simpson and see him in concert again? asdfghjkl; help.
maybe I'll just have to convince my wife I need to upgrade to the 3G model.
your not a lawyer or a paralegal. Wtf do you do? Pissboy. Besides I know exactly what u do I've known u for years
that should be sport covered by ESPN or is that just wishful thinking.
We've put 3 Elance proposals out there. Can't wait to get a writing job!!! I want to make money with my creative side!!!
RT : Wanna talk to co-founder of ? Enter to win fab prizes, too?
just listened to Michael Irvin's take on why the #packers should go for 16-0. it was the best i've heard yet...
#stlcards Lack of clutch hitting and base running blunders killed the Cards tonite, not Dotel. Cards should have put it away in 9.
Cody punched me....
chubby checker, psycho, belgians in the con-go...
hahaha no you have my name :b
I love how more and more people are able to work virtually from home. Moms can work from home successfully
“: #InstantTurnOn Lacrosse/ Soccer boys” <<<--- Your #InstantTurnOn Trends Are VERY Disappointing.
A snowy and sparkling Merry Christmas to us!
Asking a question you already know the answer to just to see if the person will lie.
Its def a critic week...Avengers was also excellent!
RT RT : When teachers act fake when the principal comes in the classroom.
there's a lot of things this country does that I don't do lol.
A huge realization for me => Success isn't a zero sum game. There's always room at the top. Somebody doesn't have to lose for you to win.
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
Thank you for the mention! We're really looking forward to #ALFA2012!
They're still playing. Lakers leading by 5 right now.
Cannot put "Blink" by down
get on my level !!!!
Conquer Fear with Knowledge.
#Mixtape #1 is available as a digital book through iVerse (iTunes free app). If you love #alternative rock, #Mixtape is the book for you!
Who's at the #Derby today? Mint Juleps anyone?
Working on a Mended Arrow Store. Might even be done by next week!
I truly blieve u will return to #DOOL-u r 1 of the best & I believe u r a favorite of everyone.Njoy watching Dirty Soap.
i have no trust for a boy that think he's a man.
SEAN PEYTON IS GONE FOR A YEAR... SORRY #Saints better luck next year lol
So how many people out there don't care about #Diablo3 and are actually laughing at all the #error37 issues amongst others?
Me & (: #trackswagge remember the look alike (;
Well damn this is gonna suck ass I miss her like crazy and she gonna get her phone takin away lets see how this goes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
"The problem with quotations on the internet is that they are difficult to authenticate" - Abraham Lincoln
I haven't seen her since she went back to Cali, but I get the feeling that one day I'm gonna pick up a random magazine & see her in it.
CAMPEONES, CAMPEONES! We're all in soccer bliss right now
all Derek Holland did was pitched lights out to lefties and righties. See that Joe? THrow out that book now
Enjoying some lemon-doodles from #Costco. Awesome!
oh um RT : Ke$ha's single "Tik-Tok" sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.
Some day you need to throw me an alley-oop, Dave!
I can't believe this coach tried to come at me sideways today. I just kept quiet & let him look crazy. Then he tried to come back & be cool
If I taught a class in being a fan (" Fandom 101"), yelling "stop sucking, Danny!" would be an automatic FAIL.
Tuesday means $1 Lone Star at W. Alabama Icehouse. Yeah you heard me correctly, LONE STAR IS ONLY A BUCK TODAY!
I hate JR Smith
Why can't I remember?
I Tell Em' Things I Don't Mean At All, And Don't Say Im Mean Cause I Ain't Mean At All, Just Blame All The Bitches That Let Me Fall </3 .
i love when niggaz act like big time niggaz is fuckin wit them when they not even close...they dont know yu dumbass.....
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
Walk/run this morning and a fresh juice! Feeling good:)
Snow worries! THATCampVA will go on! They're predicting a few inches today, but roads are salted, warmer tomorrow & no snow on the weekend.
Just walked into a Radio Shack and "Zou Bisou Bisou" was playing. That was weird.
RT At the #rentonfilmfrenzy curvee awards gala where is killing it as MC!<<<---I killed it, all right.
RT : Games this time of the year are won by the tougher team; physically tough but more importantly the mentally tougher team.
hi sammie, happy tuesday
lets be honest.. you had to have seen that coming?
Lets make it 16 straight, Sparty.
Yet another reason to quit: your heart disease risk is two to four times higher if you smoke cigarettes.
Yo know, I have been "abusing" Gary Busey for weeks on Twitter......but the truth is...I like the guy!
Think Im Finna Go To Sleep, Got A Sub Lbs
I signed Gooden for those step back jumpers.
The is open until 8 pm tonight for all your late night gift buying and robot toupee needs.
I want to go to there. (I'll be there in like two weeks, FYI.)
Right now if you tweet it won't go to anybody. If you tweet , it goes to someone who works at cnn.
They are actually citing use of 3rd party code reuse (i.e. custom tags, etc) that may not have been developed to be secure.
Proud of Reds Nation tonight. Everyone kept their cool about Cueto's bad start and most of the negative tweets about him were sarcastic.
lol popped the tip in that's to funny.
Hey Ryan! Thanks for following!
of course! :) when are you movin?
wonder how conceptual framework reconciles with/can resolve to approaches like curation microservices
Like your not even cool..
RT When i say 5 more minutes #whatimreallysaying fuck off and let me sleep!!!
geez some people cyan tek hint dah they gehin run -.-
is nominated for the 2011 ZMT Awards Breakout Band Category, GO>>>>>VOTE HERE: .com/Tremblay-Tonig…
great school, too. All the best...
or when you wanna smush
King of Prussia Mall being evacuated bcs. of a live grenade found on premises? Any one have any other info ?
RT : Rejection doesn't hurt, expectation does. Lies don't kill, denial does. Forgetting doesn't heal, forgiveness does.
I'm taking a #libraryschool management class too! And honestly, i can't help but think I'm too young to manage ppl :(
Spurs gonna get ready to take down Lob... or SLOB City.
RITE... In the Bed Rolling around n this Comforter.. Enjoying my Body Heat.. U KIDDIN ME? LOL
ain't that the truth
Just downloaded the #Zimbra Collaboration Server Appliance and am importing into vCenter.
yo myspace friends im out ck out the music leave some love by the way the game was some BS celtics!!!! celtics got it
Happy Pie Day to you too!!!
That shiver I get when I'm about to break.
Mr beans holiday>>
RT Ok, then my feedback is: "You're doing it wrong."
Its hard to keep up.
Buy it
RT : Let's go ! Beat BYU!
just tried your gin last night *and* learned I'm only a few blocks away...this could get dangerous.
LOS ANGELES Independence Day 2011 festivities will include the Mr. & Ms. Muscle Beach Bodybuilding, Figure, and Bikini contest on Monday
Thank you kindly.
Dooley is in Gibbs right now
First .. I order new clothes hahaha :D
Not even gonna lie, he kinda made my night :)
that sounds great! Do you have any ideas for your presentation yet? I need to research the format for examples.
I have Two tickets left for my event. $25 each. Anyone interested? If so, I can explain more details about my performance.
woof dot com. keep your heads up over there, guys.
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
At my father's house. Oh my god, he's blasting John Denver. . .
wow. i'm so bored that i'm actually considering reading my book. -.-
It's OK, I have no idea how to use the weapons I have now.
Just peeped on RPDR ..SICK!!.. more please
I'm excited!!!
i would be dead omg
you should get them everyday lol. (x
genuinely surprised the play count is that low since
I'm now following 1,the sexist females with a Twitter, follow back
going to eat you
Oh it sucks already. Everybody walking around like they belong in the FF.
Just downloaded "Thumbs Up" from iTunes!! Great song, Tae!
Happy Meat Lover's Wednesday! You know the deal - 1 pound of meat for only $8.99 today!
RT If she whispered just the right words in his ear, she didn’t have to lay a finger on him.
Tuesday means #Trivia @ 8pm! Which talk show host married a Playboy bunny in 1961 and again in 1967?
Getting ready to go on the air on Call in if you have any legal questions, 800-295-1180
excellent news and Congratulations. Would love to help spead the word.
at the senior lock in its bout 1206 am and enjoyin no school for me since im already at the school leaving at 6 in the morning for home
Over think things at night but everything hits me then
Phila City Council Committee on Education hearing today - follow for updates
i wanna seat myself in a chair of gold
I'm not as nice on Twitter.. I can cuss here.
Had a great night with good friends - super fun!! And now I'm sick :( Woke up with a sore throat and snarfy nose. Bo! Happy New Year all!
I wanna sleep on the hard ground, in the comfort of you arms, on a pillow of blue bonnets and a blanket made of stars <3
Share actual customer care calls with other departments so they hear unfiltered VOC
Bingo! RT : A4 Time, cost, knowledge
Alex & Austin's bromance is too cute. They are THE BEST of friends <3 -Ally
Words can't explain how much I love my step kids and my own daughter... I wish things were different... so tired of stupid shit.
Your first tweet! Very exciting. Greetings to you on a chilly Boston morning
I beg to differ! :) RT : Smiling is better than chocoloate
try to be everything you can be in this world because it just takes one person to start a chain reaction and make this a better planet! =)
Mt. Dew and a chocolate croissant start the day off right in Western Wisco
B4 someone gets their drivers license dey should have to beat rainbow road on mario kart without fallin off....
What questions will you have for from at NMDD? Tweet them in using #NMDD & get live responses on 5/19!
#3WordsOfAdvice Life goes on .
Let's get my buddy to 1,000 followers before their half ironman!!!!
"I'm okay with that!!!" #HotTopPick by
Just looked it up! Congrats - very cool.
On average, people divorce in year 3 of their marriage, which is extremely concerning becasue it indicates marriages have become disposable.
Mexican candy is the best thing in the world
But....if the treadmill works for you....def go for it :) We just have to keep the sweat coming, no matter what....right?
Thank you! :o)
Thanks Gloria...get you in here soon! RT : YUM! Enjoy!
Always count your blessings first...they almost always outweigh the bad and make it easier to get through the hard times!!
I'm watching it thru ESPN online. you should be able to as well
does the chick up front in your twitter background have her arm in dude's shorts or am I just imagining that every time I look
Thank you for playing #GuessAnumber!! Good luck!
Ugh! RT : This is where we lose out on weekends. It's not just about posting, but listening too!
so you will never date a Packers fan? Hehe
RT : New varietals on the way! Only restaurant in Texas serving these babies. Sweet tea!
Excellent start to my morning after a class of bikram yoga.
Going to be live tweeting the inflation of my sense of self.
loose lips lager
Get me 200 followers? Goodnight.
- We Have Over 7000 Texts On My Phone . iDeleted Them All So We Could Have Ayye Fresh Start... <3 ( A New Beginning ] <3
PR Tip of the Day: Know when to join in on the feeding frenzy. Come up with an angle that will tie into the big story. www.RealNewsPR.com
Welcome & thanks for following #FF #followart <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A8>
4 thugs jump soldier and beat him for $1 in Tampa Fl. Soldier survives but still in hosp. Where is all this trouble coming from?
“: goat whisperer lookin ass” You needa whisper to your little goat looking buddy
Anthony Johnson does not have a neck...it freaks me out
spring break 2011 on the way to pensacola with my lovelies ;)
dude i love the green ones how can u not!?
The word AWESOME is an American thing. To sound like the #Irish, use BRILLIANT or CLASS instead.
Loved this episode!!
So proud of all of my friends who are graduating from law school today :-)
They only overlap modestly. I'd probably get a lot out of attending yours.
Ha! RT : Best. Fanfic. Ever. RT : I've been so busy writing AT/Archon slash I didn't even notice...
Beta testers: tried texting your checkin to Budge yet? "I weigh 145 pounds." "I meditated 5 minutes" & Budge texts back w/ useful context.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 21:34 with Nike+ GPS.
Need a layout, Creative work for a flyer, Promotion/Sponsorship for your band? Message us for info.
RT: Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
Gator needs his Gat you punk-ass bitch.
figure out the possession arrow!!!
Ugh. Yes. Thursday! Thanks for noticing that!
Mental Coach has joined twitter - feel free to follow. He is our primary instructor for junior & collegiate golfers.
quit your bitching
TONIGHT LYTE! - THEN HOT PINK DELOREAN ON FRIDAY @ PARTY FOUL!! - THEN ROCKIN F*WORD 18 IN FLAGSTAFF - IF WE DONT GET SNOWED IN!! LOL.. ...
thank for the follow! We think mlearning means "Learn Everywhere!"
+ everyone plays a part. Cut out the woman-blaming.
Morning view from our AHA Board of Directors meeting at Miller Nash! Please join their employees on May 19th at the Heart & Stroke...
“A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." - John Lennon
(slaps forehead) i guess i've been holding it in for so long that it finally came out cuz I had beans like 2 weeks ago.lol :P
Glad you could make it! RT : Attending today's meeting Looking forward to seeing what new.
heard parts of your speech today at Georgetown. You are always right on the money. Thanks for always standing up for America.
API (Application Programming Interface) or this plugs into that and they talk w/ each other. Kind of like dating
congrats on the new movie #1 at the box office this weekend!
“: One of the most depressing factors of modern politics is the horrendous mangling of statisitcs. sic
haha yep :D and awesome! I love that movie :p
pretty scene you describe!
Excited for my first #newfront!
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me
Made it!
SO to for getting nominated again for the Hobey! Couldn't happen to a nicer kid.Time for UW's 2nd win
500 wristbands though.. do they realize like thousands of fans are going to show up..
awesome movie!
#Tellme If you want to meet B2ST!! ;) OF COURSE!! i really wanted 100%
Feeling a little #Linsane today...fun, fun, fun to watch!! LOVE to see this kind of energy in the finally!!
YES. I DIDN'T GET DRUG TESTED TODAY :D
This might sound weird but I get all excitedd when I hear Optimus Prime talking in the transformers moviess (: lol
Writing some music
So how long have you been with your Valentine?
I think the whole world is at SXSW, jealous
I had to gerr some
We had a great meeting this AM with OrchKids, a #westbaltimore youth program from , to plan a spring concert in a park!
hey babe I miss u, hope everything is ok. Call me when u can I love u!
Glen Cambell would've made a good career counselor: Wichita Lineman. Rhinestone Cowboy.
the singin' bush!
Where the loud at not kinda loud the super loud
I can eat all day and still stay the same size without gaining weight.
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether ME & God! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> Never go anywhere without Him!
You're not only doing good work--you're doing awesome work. Don't just hang in there--let go and fly!
so the giant angry green guy is your cup of tea?
Join #campCharlie! We have liberated the space in front of the state house and we need you to help make this a beautiful productive space!
Had a great time last night with an old friend from Cali in town taking over the rooftops in Adam's Morgan.. Gorgeous Spring weather!!!
woah woah, she seems like a nice girl!
happy belated bday boo, don't be mad at me...I hope you had fun....what all did you do
It was a silky block print, longish, flapper style, very fashion weeky.
#IHateWhen peiple want make but them dont no effort in the ralationdhip
#itAnnoysMeWhen my brother pauses the movie and I'm sitting here all alone...
Lol yeah I couldn't think of which song cause hello came out of the blue !!! Maybe it will be hook it up video !!
RT : Some of you should stop asking for iPods for christmas and instead ask for some punctuation & grammar skills.
Awesome event! Thanks for having us! RT : Special thanks to for their interesting & insightful panel session!
Made your reservations for Father's Day yet? We're giving each Dad a free Lowlands Brewing Company bier on that special day... Does that...
I just <U+2764> good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> from my <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BC>!
I asked my sister why Zooey Deschanel has sideburns, she said they aren't sideburns they are peyus.
Thanks! Queen Anne is one of my favorite places in Seattle.
#LakersSuck lol RT It's a LAKERS thing still bitchess, don't like my tweets then don't follow lol. I warned you all what it is.
Not this time, anyway. RT : Just glad it wasn't the police blotter.
Very sad game, lost it from the beginning.....where was the DEFENSE....COME ON GUYS! We know you can beat that THUNDER!!!
Following she's got ninja MUA skills
Calm down, Ravens fans! Is it possible Jacksonville's defense is better than we knew?
I assume the laughter in the room while Ed White describes the plot of *The Hapless Orphan* means we all will be teaching it soon.
Taylor gets bulled over going to basket no call, runs away from guy on d gets a and 1. Bull shit
Indeed! Or soCal RT : if im ever in AZ i NEED 2 shoot with
He didn't get tired of it??
let's go get some
Yu got tired after 90 pitches, keep thinkn how will he hold up in the HEAT!
Great Google Drive - Nice, but no one really wants their sharing docs out there in the land of Unsecuresville.
who wants me to post a new song ?
Hi Trev! On episode 25 u mentioned that CDs won't pay attention to lesser known improv schools, just the big ones. Question...
how's the casino look
Can't sleep....Any one awake
So thanks to leon & bre I feel somewhat better
"I'm like, 'WTF?'" New saying. Then busting out in dance.
A youth learning all they know from their peers=disaster. A lot can't be learned from someone who doesn't know much more than you.
Me too!
In related news, I restarted emacs for the first time in about a week now.
Oh #Wikipedia, how I love you! You make my job so much easier.
ribs and I have strep so I couldn't swallow it
Understand this, my dear brothers and sisters: You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry. James 1:19
you're awesome #nuffsaid (:
"It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart. - Anonymous
that's what's up. I'm in the Sipp right now wit AustinWyatt.
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED!!! SO PLEASE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
wow. Look out Davies. Here comes hoch
that story jus gets me on the floor each time I hear it
Must be the reason why this grown fucks on my dick.
checking in to rio room now, message me from riu lobby which has free wifi
Dont have "friends" the few friends i do have, who ican trust and kno got my back threw anything are my BROTHERS.& SISTERS.
Love Sargent and this famous painting... but show is so old. Huh?
Xmas errands ahoy
What up my brother!
There have only been two episodes, but I really like "Girls" so far. I have problems with it, but find it funny.
Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
is gearing up to open a new show on Aug. 13 from 1:30-4:00. Go check it out!
Heard car stopped, boy was crossing, car pulled around and hit him. BAD move.
#AskMindless please give my girl teyera(tiera) a shout out because her BIRTHDAY is APRIL 6
Monday Tasks: 1. Showered. Check! 2. Dressed? Uhm not so much. 3. Food? That should have been first on the list!
This week's #SNLideas — #MIckJagger in studio cranking out "Moves Like Adam" while dancing stiffly & awkwardly
I'm so grateful to live in a world where Angelina Jolie's leg can have its own Twitter account. Happy Friday everyone!
Do you miss it?
Today begins NY Fashion week:the runway shows,the 1st guided by updated health initiatives for models.Eating disorder groups want more
Can someone bring me food or ?
": #Brewers Ryan Braun loves goin back to Cali." No-no-no notorious!
I dont feel like playing the role of a super sweet helpful employee today
Since that card-reading video, I'm ALWAYS walking around saying "AUSTIN MAHOOONE, YEAH YEAH!" (;
Once, in my backyard. Said he saw "a dark figure," which was actually me on a cold night with my hoodie up.
We're just dipping our toes into Pinterest, but I think ur right. In a simple application it's pretty visually stimulating
would you be able to come on my show today to talk bengals draft? 1057the fan in Baltimore we are on from 3-6pm
im waitin for K. Sweat to git back cuz he went to germany n london so he shuld be bak by next week
txt me !
how is the flyer/event page going for Friday's in-store?
I'm sorry!!! I can't control myself
Shop online at Barnes and Noble and Support the #Museum Checkout:1. click "check this box if this is a bookfair order." 2. enter: 106454145
saw great show ....had the best dinner... all with bad hair :)
"The chopsticks..... Of course."
In the Batman universe: is Gotham the only city with superhero's and villains? If so, why wouldn't normal people move away to avoid danger?
What #rockstar would make a great #President?
13 hours in my contact lenses. Can I take them out now? No really... are they baked in there now? I napped in them too. Briefly.
Thanks a bunch for another great class!!! I may be joining you again next Friday. : /
My radio gets awful reception BUT only on the classical stations
Just got Mickey Mouse to sign the jersey.
idk , im off today.
Me too. #ROC is definitely unique for its size.
suffered the injuries, not sustained.
Thanks for the follow
#BOYFRIENDReview your voice is so good
A Libs Segal original: "Great minds think alike--Better minds act alike"
Hey girl. Thanks for the lovely card. R u coming to this area any time soon? I'll be in NYC tomorrow!
oh! hello #fredericksburg, how ive missed you
I may have to get on the bike and ride to the George Washington Bridge, it's so nice!
this cute little boy at the daycare i work at loves watching barney. he goes "i wanna watch 'Narny'." haha so cute.
thunder and lighting <U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Meeting voters at early voting letting them know to vote for me in Nov
Hence the $$$ To land Stern RT : Going to watch AGT tonight. Never seen a second of it before. Only watching for
Aaron Hernandez and Brandon Spikes showing up Tebow is pretty win win for me!
oh lol yea
I have the perfect person for you. Check out
enjoying this morning with my breakfast, my coffee, and the first "Hunger Games" book. =)
radiation is the big one challenge for health
finally the weather is amazing but im cooped up inside writing this paper. only one more day left of work and then #freedom!
Talk that talk.
Yep Bennett's not Billy's type of player. He's definitely not an undersized guard with a terrible shot selection. Good call.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
"Unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything."
Senior Day was a success with a big win over a great Yorktown team. Last home game ever at St. Anthony's.
Pouring and windy to warm and rainy, come on #Boston #weather, make up your mind!
hey when you get a chance can you please send me the notes for History? thanks :)
Be sure to join AnaJet for ISS Orlando, FL February 17-18 Booth
RT : Being a jayhawk fan is probably not good for my health but damn its fun
We're showing evidence that convinced jurors to convict #Amy #Senser. Next on the
RT : Our world needs help. Corporations are a huge force for change & am convinced sustainable business is better business.
Ding. Lvl Up.
so who now?
whole song coming in 3 days!!! Tell your Friends please sweetie :)
At the SWU festival in Sao Paolo. Brazil is fantastic.
Remember, I'll be at Sylvester Middle School a week from Saturday!
Sitting on the couches with my faves
Smash putting.
If you celebrate Easter, have a good one.
Who Me.?
i'd love it for that reason, too. frustrated that front office wont go after free agents. too many holes to fill just via draft
RT IF YOU LOVE SEX
hey want to see magic okay when you click follow it turns blue!
I want one.
Will Fast Five race to #1 on Weekend box office charts? Probably, it's in IMAX!
I love you ! Everyone follow and support her
A man who dares to waste an hour of time has not found the value of life.
Just watched Obama's white house dinner presentation. I'm sorry but I'm GLAD to have lived in a time with a president like him
Tomorrow & will be headed to Georgia Tech for Girls' Night Out!! Join us @ 8pm/Student Center Theater
Vampire Diaries is my fav show & cant get over the fact, I always wanted Elena & Damon 2 get 2gether & I found out Nina & Ian are 2gether:')
My Paw-paw used to always say that. He would never say bullshit. LOL
I thought I remember you saying at ABLE your dad has a used car mart? I am looking for an extra vehicle. Lets chat
Just chillin' in our cars with the engines running and playing with our laptops. Thanks for the free gas, dirtbag tax payers!
hard to tell. they settled in our tree earlier. not sure if they move on yet. maybe I should wait it out?
I'm not doing anything. I should be cleaning my room >.<
Piggybacking on FB: Chicago folks ~ Scoutmob needs a short-notice feature in CHI on 4/23. Looking for quality food/drink/boutique. msg me!
You have to try our Newest Pizza Creations - like our Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Check out our menu for details!
#kellsbrewpub on 21st & Everett check it
3 points for the G-MEN
In Dublin, Ireland.
I need my fake nails back on
The only instagram worth a billion dollars would be an app that instantly gets you a gram of uncut, Columbian, black..Coffee! - Jon Stewart
Blah. Watching American Idol.
2,000th tweet goes out to those few people who I foremost trust & love with all my heart!! You make me want to see another day!
you want to be in the video? haha
Dang! When did Starbucks drinks go up. I just paid over $5 for a coffee!
good to hear and I agree! I'm from Green Bay stuck living in enemy territory (Chicago)!
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own. -Doug Larson.
seriously love your foraging posts. They are awesome and I learn so much. Keep 'em coming.
Having dinner out with my three favorite people in the world! My family!
What are shooting stars? Stay tuned...
Make sure talk follow
The true depth and breadth of the heart is measured not only by what it can hold, but also by how willing it is to let go
RT q4) don't be afraid to fail and share 'lessons learned'
OMG he spoke! whassup with that?! You've been ignoring me for a week now... #youarethebratnotme :)
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely
Happy birthday to my husband He's wonderful!
I didnt sleep to good last night :/
Who would you trade places with for just one day?
Score: kids - 10; single mother - 0.
don't act like most refs in UFC aren't shitty, even Dana white knows that, but he knows more for sure.
Math city math city bitch :D
Why should you hire a General Contractor? Visit www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com - Additional Services and learn more Jan specials
Final Hours - $2 for $10 Worth of Food and Beverages at Copper Gable Cafe
nothing boardd watching tv
Thanks for your call tonight. I was very happy to discuss the Facebook/Organ Donor story with you. See you at 11!
I'm just about to s/o randomed people. In the mood.>>>>>>>>
Congratulations to all who were involved in yesterday's blazing hot Boston Marathon. One to remember for sure.
That seems to be what started the NFL to a deal that the players lost.
Isn't that the truth! RT We can face work with new energy and enthusiasm after having a well-deserved
Auto Glass Experts is the clear choice for all your auto glass needs. From windshields to rear glass & expert advice, call 414-409-7263
where is the injustice there? just a game; perhaps it's better for all involved if it's not taken so seriously...
Congrats to the on opening your new wing! Can't wait to visit!
Lol I know :) im just playin with you :)
HANNAH FREAKING FORD. i miss you! are you doing anything this weekend?!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you don t have the fear of a judge not granting counseling between the parties.
Oh I like when cute boys in bands follow me hi [x
you must have one direction tix today. Im getting blown up with 214/972 numbers calling the wrong 106.1 KissFM all day.haha
this is like my million attempt to get you to Follow us I want to give up but my daughter says #neversaynever she loves you.
By the power of my #UW snuggie, we kicked USC's ass!
*cuts down shrubbery* Here he is guys! Happy Bday to 1 of the funniest comedians w/ 1 of the worst taste buds
Wow countries?! That's terrible, but I'm glad you got used to the environment.
You ever stared death in the face.....well don't, that's rude......
I was told that when you sneeze a lot someone is thinking of you :)
Chillen just making my way home from work ur mother told u I called her yesterday
There were lots of wellwishers,posing4pictures,toasting up mixtures w/the brothers&sisters,everyone lined4the big parade on that special day
Choices are the hinges of destiny. ~ Pythagoras
Did you change something in tomcat What's in the log? And don't tell you didn't look at logs before tweeting.
I'm far from the best rapper in Pittsburgh but my music has much more meaning than almost any other rapper's.
I thought as a play to possibly be produced? Matthew
yea only problem is, its a technical institute lmao
Hooker¹s delivery is so dead-on that listeners might begin to wonder whether the tales he tells are true. Find out on Friday April 8th...
that's fucking awesome, that poor bastard that has this number is going 2 jump off a bridge yelling Horatio gave me no choice
cough cough.. HOT! Hahah
*you're. (fat fingers)
Done with finals! summer time is here! i got 3 months to go in!
Sweet memories. Our car (i.e., my son Joe's) was always the wickedest looking car in the race. Also, alas, the slowest.
i am going to make shoes out of duct tape and wear them everywhere until my parents change their mind and buy me some real working shoes.
Has anyone asked Colt McCoy how he's doing this morning?
any time! Show was good and rowdy. Just like we like 'em.
you corny af
“: Yeah, me too. I have a strong feeling that it will do very well. How's NY?” it's being nice to me. So far.
contact me
We are a family owned and operated music store established 1975!
www.LunchinLodo was great today! I love Sam's #3 Milkshakes :) Delicious!!! Join us next time at the Cheesecake Factory!
Thank you to The Staff for ur donation to My 28 mi training run tom'w is dedicated to YOU
Needed your blog post today. It gave me much to think about. Please pray I act on a decision with godly wisdom.
”No (wo)man is an island, entire of itself; every (wo)man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main." -- John Donne.
Angel Davenport sound kinda tight
Ever sign on to some #social #media site and end up on some random #profile 10 minutes later, wondering how you got there?
thanks for your follow.have a great day
Make sure you have a lot of time. Seriously. Our food took 39 minutes and we didn't order anything complicated.
Thanks for the love!
When my mom and grandma tell me I officially have NO curfew >>
Anybody wants to see my big young boobs? :)
Out of the arms of crazy, into the arms of crazier. I'm never going to learn.
I think my spine just gave out.
fyi, will bless us with a set on Thurs. stay tuned!
I honestly agree with some of the stuff skip say but he says some real bull shit sometimes.
: bring the beat in give me the go go beat
you got work today?
I know! My veins are magic. Doctors cleared me as of yesterday.
Yum! That pizza has got us drooling over here :)
Good morning everyone. I hope this day brings you all joy :-)
TY! : So much #kindness on
no, dm it to me.
Doesn't the abundance of voices from those sources allow for a greater field of vision on responses to the show?
The US needs more rental housing to be constructed and built, than private banks have shown a willingness to finance.
my whiskey thinks differently sir
Where tf my brother at man! Aint tlk to him a couple of week!!!
I cann't be happy for you,many girl's make you happy
Does anyone else agree that ESPN's baseball reporter Tim Kurkjian could be a pedifile on Dateline NBC's "To catch a Predator"?
I am so sorry
I'm ike the modern Picasso. My work isn't perfect, yet it is still beautiful and delightfully intriguing.
Fresh out of work now gonna chill and enjoy the NBA playoffs
Can you please give us the location and direction of that stop? Thank you.
Too far away to run for the bus, but I can see from here that it's empty.
Ny suck so bad
SHE TYPED THE WRONG LYRICS TO WMYB AND WHEN I CORRECTED HER SHE DIDN'T REPLY. THAT'S RIGHT BITCH SIT.
It's your season to be blessed
Hello beautiful world!!
is too freaking cute :3
:) so it was good huh?
Look for some exciting announcements next week!
that was a great song & video
“The love of heaven makes one heavenly.” -William Shakespeare
Much respect to that Gold Record, but show at old school cat like myself you can go in on the fly!
Through networking and word of mouth referral with online and offline networking organisations
Thank you for joining us yesterday and hope you had a great time. We're still blown away by the happiness.
i literally lose everything
the trip was good after last wednesday. I bet u i wont go on vaca with any of her fam besides her bro anymore
your mom? lol
its all her computer fault.
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
I'm not making any exceptions for anybody anymore
Thanks for the Birthday wishes
TIL vanessa minnillo is black, john legend is white, and drake still sucks.
Lmfao : I don't close my blinds when I'm changing. If someone wants to see me naked, enjoy the show tho RT
Add Satyendra Huja to the list of Democrats who will be at the People's Forum tomorrow night. 4 Independents and 3 Democrats.
get one alexis!!:) lol
What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?
Had a great talk w/one of my former colleagues yesterday. He is out of the biz4now but will b back soon I bet. He is doin well tho.
Can only imagine what it was like to be inside Allen Fieldhouse yesterday-Bill always peaks at the right time. Pumped for March maaadnesssss
I hate pretty much everyone in my math class.
Wow the NBA sucks to watch...
hell of a time! Miss ya “: Listening to #KidRock thinking of dancing barefoot in the grass and rain with ”
Irony: Gosling says, "Google slimed Sun"-- ever heard of Emacs, which he took and commercialized?
Wow! I thought W of Briarcliff was CoA up to LaVista or so. : that area is just outside the city limits
Recognize what is happening when you are praised, you are being tested to see how will you react! #humility Prov 27:21
california love - 2PAC
Going to church... happy Mother's day :)
Why didn't anyone tell me that doing frequent intervals on the treadmill makes it go by so fast? Am I actually starting to enjoy exercise?
how are you cutie on duty?
That sounds amazing! RT : Pumpkin Spice Cappuccino is 11 days away. Ready?!
awake and watching The Hip Hop Project on the Documentary Channel. it's good!
The NHL might be the only sport where scoring plays can be waived off for intent to blow the whistle. A negligence tort has a tougher test
Ohh I have a pimple on my face!!!! Just one !!Ohh shit .....
Trivium Proportion is getting ready to head into the home stretch! It's gonna start getting #epic and tense!
": I Still really really Love you RT : Love is stronger than pride."
I know, to bad I was hopping to get away from the up to 8 shots a day I give myself. Oh well.
related: hello, yes, I've been in hiding. I was saving twat #1 of '12 for something good. This applied.
Yep Twitter on Computer is cool but still confusing me :P
friends make everything better:)
GoodNite to all
you'll be done in time for 3:22
Tips hat. We thank you for your support.
Yeah she did! That girl was a crazy bitch haha! It was such a good episode though
Hello! And nice to meet you! Glad to be number 500!
Thanks for the RT! Just a quick note--it's a middle school :)
plug that in or it's goodbye for now - lol
why do you think disney is run by
Perfect - thanks. I kept getting caught in the system and ended up in an inbox that I'm sure had nothing to do with PR!
happy new years to you too! sorry it's late haha
I hate when people use subliminal messages in they tracks....if u got something to say to some one just say it straight up
I mean u don't have to txt back it's all cool !
Father, thank You for Your good and precious promises to me! I choose to receive Your goodness by faith and sing a song of praise to You.
I'm going to community college for my general Ed(it's way cheaper) and idk where from there. I have to figure out what I wanna do
So sorry. I hope he's better very very soon.
My 1st tweet!
- Is their snow in England? There's none here in MA :(
write whatever you want or respond to what someone else wrote.
thats my boy
if only people heard our entire Moe's convo.... Hahaha
I heard about this book, didn't realize you wrote it. Congrats! I promise to buy it for someone else #gowhitesox :)
Woke up n couldn't find my wallet went to check in my car it wasn't there but instead on the street on the passenger side nothing was stolen
Your a lair you'll always be a lair . Why do I even bother with u . Oh wait I know why cause I listen to my heart not my brain.
Locked down in Benton all day. Finals grind
its dark over here but I'm sure well figure it out
My sisters gonna be 18 in a few days...wow i feel old now
Looks like my truck is totaled...anyone trying to sell a vehicle for a reasonable price?
casual yakanelli cleanup
I don't know what kind of camera Nathan uses for his videos. You can ask him here ->
Up late last night finishing up the last minute details on our new exclusive TMNT themed design coming out in a week or so. SO SO sick!
Wish I was there! I'm sure it's gonna be a great event - :D You'll all be great, too!
Where is the sun today!!! Come back
Holy piss is intense.
Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem, first make sure you are not, in fact, just surrounded by incompetent crowd.
Sittin in the hospital waitin on a CT scan. This is just phenomenal.
DT Hi Karen...would it be possible to send us a copy of the book?
love the song
RT : I fear we won't have Taj Gibson for much longer. Once that rookie contract expires...teams are gonna be thirsty for fam.
Us knocking heads would produce some cool results, I'm sure of it! :)
#FF great #cycling people
"eReader format" confused? Check Wikipedia for an overview.
Looking forward to the Stay Classy Awards tonight in downtown San Diego!
My guess is that you already know that and are red-baiting because they call themselves socialist. Right?
I miss you!
we've got that awesome Peanut Butter Smoothie dough! come get it, omnomnom :D
First Christmas song of the season!
all I'm gone say in #2012 is catch me if u can
The Ellen Show = #TheRosieShow?
All successful people men and women are big dreamers
Feeling the urge to watch Dr. Who!! Anyone???....any takers??..... *whomp*
If you're at the #GABF this week, swing by our booth for some samples: Oktoberfest, Nut Brown Ale & Honey Brown!
hm. I've never tried it. Looks boring
let's bet
Hey why does Ben follow Demise Over Fame
Goodnight means i'm about to lay down & text for an hour.
Web Tip of the Day: No. Your logo shouldn't be bigger.
Whoops. Just figured out what an amazing movie Heathers is. Sorry guys.
i passed out on her floor and she droped a whole bag a chips on me. had no idea till i found crumbs in my hair this morning.
me too, preferably the ones attached to your bestie!
Pahahahaha crazy ass LA folks~: I have some crazy ass followers and most of them are from LA lol
nevermind I'll find Someone like you
I'd rather be the butt of someone's joke than the butt of some of those people telling those jokes.
I'm glad to see that "wicked" has persisted in your vocabulary from your time in Boston.
Set your DVR's! My "Days Of Our Lives" episode airs THIS FRIDAY!!!!
Ideological Fundamental 'Biblical inerrancy:historically wrong/culturally bereft b/c it elevates ancient cultural superstns w #Jesus ' ethic
RT : I'm hosting #Echelon3000 tonight! & performing live!!
Just saw Gordon from Sesame Street on an episode of Law & Order: SVU. He is not the serial killer, but I am still deeply unsettled.
girl you are making me lol with this series of peppermint patty tweets.
Thanks Julian! I'm curious: what did u hear that you want to practice? For me, it's the idea of "citizen history".
Winding down our first big UX Research effort & we're starting the 'rolling around in the data' phase. It's like catnip, I can't get enough!
Oh that's right. You told me that awhile back. Haha. Sorry.
Facebook finna be for the KIDS smh watch lol
thank you. we did the interviewing today, going to start video friday. may need your expertise at some point.
My main goal for the day: stay warm.
Well, here we go into 2012. Let's all make it a year to remember with JOY, LOVE, and PEACE.
Today I give THANKS to my Great Grandfather, grandfathers, my dad, step dad, my aunt kat, uncle dave, my cousins max and sam, my friends (t…
I don't know what the hell to wear to this wedding today. What shall a nigga do!
Tuesday: MCAS & english test. Wednesday: MCAS & work. Thursday: 2 Tests..... This week already fucking sucks.
too tired to even function this morning<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I am not flirting. I am just being extra friendly to someone who is extra attractive.
No promises can be made...
y the fuck is it so cold
Nick and Chassidy. Thank you. #bigeasybrides is now a regular on my DVR.
thanks David! Maybe you'll let me win at Words 1time then?! Lol
Thanks Enjoy your weekend. Spring us finally here - yay!
plz follow me. i have a really inspiring story that has to do with one of ur songs. it changed my life. i wish i could tell u
Salman Rushdie~ Our lives teach us who we are.
And the sky is blue. “: whole different offense bud. It was out of their comfort zone.”
Commentary on the notion of the common good in Aristotle's works.
Josh Hutcherson has nice arms..
Why is finding an affordable 3 bed/2 bath to rent so darn hard?? 1 bath is everywhere ...2 no! #Can'tWaitToBuy
sounds like you did awesome! Especially in this warm weather.
I love cartoons :)
LOL Naw not really ha ha
k cool. I think I can go cuz I'm not going to the pool til like 7
A lady told her 8-10yo son: Plz don't stress me, I already get enough trouble from u know who! Stupid slore! Don't take it out on him!
burned 378 calories doing 40 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
This Friday's game will be played in honor of all the service men and women who give so selflessly so that we may all live in freedom!
I don't really understand this #UAWOW. Is this the protest against pay disparities in the White House?
ha! Nice.
5 days until is in #Nashville!!!! So excited!! ~Aria
my cousin is watching the bachelorette during the #NBAPlayoffs. Who do I talk to about getting his man card revoked?!!
"Don't wanna mess my nice nails" BITCH GTFO NOW.
Thanks for luv!!!
omg the OMG GIRLZ CANT RAP :O
:( I dont think this is ever going to stop.:/ just can't wait to see him tomorrow.
Happy New Year!
i wishh i had those moments.....
EVRYONE OF YOU THAT SENT EMAILS ARE NOT GETTING A CALL BACK, IF YOU'RE NOT SELECTED YOU ARE GONNA GET A REPLY!
Very well,thanx(: What are you doing?
My name is Jubblies . (;
why are moving to NYC?
Weird he's not here. Lol.
really not bad at all for a guy who was out of baseball for a year.
Him 2 <U+263A> RT : ": I love seeing my kids happy" How about the biggest kid of them all?
Above & Beyond, bitches!!!! :D
So dam fat right now
I follow you already silly! =)
So very sorry...
Saw THE UGLY TRUTH with Katherine Heigl. Theater was full. Good laughs. Entertaining but not special. I give it a 6 out of 10
this is your last day on Twitter for a week better get all your tweeting urges out!
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
Dude, I didn't get a chance 2 make it downstairs to say hello to you guys. You KILLED it last night! RT : jada...
come get some
Maybe you can call in sick, bring it to the crib and get all this dick.
Aww it trended :S
No one can say it like Stephen King - "Books are a uniquely portable magic.” Here is to finding the next King. Indigo Tree Publishing
#hookmeup with a hottie that has a brain lol
Seriously people upstairs?! Do you really have to vacuum at 9:30pm? You just vacuumed Sunday night. Just as late.
Woke up to my next door neighbor's alarm clock.
oof - sorry! didn't see your tweet until today... tried a bit of internet detox this weekend... how's things?
I rent in Alexandria & had to offer more than requested to obtain the lease over other potential renters.
#TextMsgsThatMakeYouHappy I need to sit on something
been tryin to get in touch with you for weeks, what's up?
Live music during lunchtime at Potbelly's. Nice but also surprising.
The people at Hollywood and Highland are WAY odder than anything in Ripley's Odditorium
<U+2600>Good<U+2600>Morning<U+2600>
totally Kalia shocker
HELL NAW..YOU WAS ABOUT TO BE BUMPiNG CROSSROADS x BONES THUGS N HARMONY...
Right now I'm wondering how much we can do re:live webcasting w/o knowing about wifi at future mtgs.
Nw: Miami heat vs NYK this is gonna be a gud game
And food delivery :) RT : The #brewers are doing awesome. Great night for baseball and burgers.
And now for the latest in #ArabicMusic and Entertainment news.....
This meeting is just what I expected
i dont know it just says coming soon lol
So you do associate it with your sense of identity.
BABY! It is almost time for Z-Baby 2! E!
My Old Bitch Seen My New Birch N She Txt Me Go Ta Hell I Txtd.Ha Back Cn I Gt Sum Head Lol
Contemplating registering for the #AAM2012 Virtual Conference. It's $119 - what do you think? Has anyone done this before?
Bynum >> Your teams center
#poweroutage in poway. Does anyone know anything?
#Ifyouknowme you know I have a short fuse for my temper and patience.
In 1954, New Repertory Theater tried to stage _Waiting for Godot_ with Buster Keaton as Vladimir and Marlon Brando as Estragon.
in Houston put your number in my inbox I want you to come c me
I am so awkward.
#ASECS12 Seeing fascinating images of pages from "princes Ans Lutebook." Winn noting that Anne was not only patron of arts, but was...
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Just wanted to confirm your coming.
It really does!LOL
If u lookin for somethin to do right now, go to Terra Cafe & help prepare meals for the homeless, support Neighbors w/o Walls
My followers are so stupid lol
We're outta here! See u tomorrow at Gold Coast Railroad!
Oh hello there, perhaps u want to #FF or or I would if I were u because doing so will make u climax
My mind is on a post #ARMA11 rampage. So much to consider - so little time in which to do it!
We're looking into it! And so sorry it's affecting your site. Will get to the bottom of it ASAP.
I definitely need to start looking sexier at the gym ..
thank u so much! all credit goes to ! just wait til the next one, she's already got ideas! ;)
Who is grilling out on this beautiful day? Hopefully no "dogs" on the grill! heehee
Hi ladies! So nice to see you on Twitter :)
Finishing a paper on how I would rate the moral imperatives common to “professional” documentaries. Man I'm tired.
Jordan did lose in the playoffs before ppl!! Fact he lost by over 20 points at home!! smh
More like CHANGE RAGE-NT.
it's okay lol
lol yes that's right pastor has personally request DG
": This game is horrible!!"
I wish everything was different. I wish the lies were never told. And i wish i knew why this all happened...
#Weinstein producing #Tarantino flick #DjangoUnchained with #JamieFoxx as a #Slave and #LeonardoDiCaprio as an evil #PlantationOwner Funny?
Years ago. That tradition was pretty creepy...
uses written evals from staff, patron evals -- suggestion box, surveys, F2F comments. Data data data
Sick! :P I feel like shit now…
(George S. Patton) Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
algebra and Hair Loss « Quaint Scribbles
we hang out for 6 hrs but just cuz shes there, you dont notice me? u do realize shes married right? why cant u just open ur eyes and see me?
sitting at my house hbu
Sonic drinks >
looking Forward to that next mix tape !
Idk haha some sexy ass mexican ;D
Kid's bff is Russian-American, and just put sugar on her pasta. Is that a thing?
Kay Kay
Quit posting 9874928374892 pictures of yourself on facebook. No one cares.
Why are we just sitting here!?
I'm in a meeting with and we're looking for a program that transcribes an audio file. Do you know any?
#BRIALL everyone was trending it I felt left out
Can u have an episode where someone throws a dirty diaper at Rick Santorum's head?
Having one of those moments where I feel like life is passing me by and I'm not doing anything to actively contribute.
2chains bringing his baby elephant to the party tomorrow night
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.7
I did indeed! I believe that did as well - the office flooded to the roof this morning for an impromptu viewing party!
I was just a victim of a "chat and cut" in the line at security.
THANK YOU CHIPPER JONES!
we get to meet finally i think i'm going to puke
the dreaming is the easy part its the succeeding that will be the fun part
Good job today!
Craving frozen yogurt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
mutual opportunity here.<----loose translation: work cheap, or better for free and we will see if anything comes of it
If you're still interested, we can set up tastings Barbur, otherwise we'll be on the streets next Thursday!
Welcome to our new followers! Have a fantastic weekend <U+2665>
I'll try. I'm gonna see him tomorrow for some thing for school
Follow the brand new (almost) US chapter of Archivists without Borders! Yay!
thanks Stacy
what about red sox flip flops???
Holy shit wtf. Tornado movint 25 mph. Thats not that fast...right? right? someone say right. dear god holy shit wtf.
I am so mixed up over everything
Would be more exciting if I was more prepared ;) RT Last final ever is one week from tonight!!
Do I need an Ohio State rug? No. Do I want one? Yes. Will go great in my man-cave.
I think this short season made these players appreciate the game. I see more talent and teamwork in every team. Season's up for grabs!
how'd you find out? o:
HAHA its ok you can stare..you WISH you could rock this summer kimono like me ;)
It was The Mysteries of Pittsburgh. Damn my memory. But I would start with The Yiddish Policeman's Union.
I have to turn it off. I feel my blood pressure rising.
Hi there Fadi_Semaan
by the way your picture is gorgeous!
you already know fam!!! Keep doin big thangs out there in NC!!
Speaking of natural beauty, I saw this lightskin sister with so much make-up on that she looked like Ronald McDonald. Smh
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Jeremiah wright
RT : Students put a QR code on the front of their paper that leads to a jpg of "A+" Nice! | ha!
Maybe #OzzieGuillen can join Amnesty International to bring light to human rights abuses in Cuba
wat that is
360, already beat, replaying.
I have a bad habit of gawking at guys with tattoos xP
Sorry for clogging up your newsfeed! Just want to make sure every girl who needs a gown gets one!!
his black power built ass
You know you love it. :)
The motives to dispatch were forgotten, and I amused myself for an hour, with talking to these cliffs:
We will be opening at noon today! Come by & see us!
boo! XD I'm at work and bored. Lol
Lovely Los Angeles afternoon.
Want to learn how to build healthy & sustainable communities? Check out our panel today @ 8:45am in the Congressional room
Why do I have a feeling the Huskies are going to win the Pac12 by losing to UCLA on Sat and then Cal loses to Stanford on Sunday?
Thanks for the Sweet Tweet!
TOMORROW IS THURSDAY.
So who is batting for the Bucs? Not a lot of options.
Sorry for the confusion, the Keurig brewer giveaway is Twitter only. Once you upload a pic, you're entered to win!
It was port... both Dr. Tubbs and Loconte would cry.
Belly is full, comfy clothes are on, everyone is napping, Xmas tree is lit, cozied up by the fire with a new book...holiday bliss!
Are you a photographer interested in covering the Wynwood Art Fair? Contact with examples of your work!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” —Oprah Winfrey
The problem with Corporate America is that they live quarter to quarter. Long-term investment and strategy is a rare occurrence today.
They all had the same stupid rash
I do, a small one, I am always happy to test stuff.
Anna's dream: library collapsing from overuse. People in wizard outfits saying "But I only borrowed 2 things!"
#DASER Borgia "intelligent male bowerbirds mate more often...intelligence counts."
I want them to play "Day Bow Bow" at my funeral.
hahahahha i didn't even know yewh sniped me!
I'm going to end it right here in traffic. I swear. Been on the road 80 minutes for a normal 20 minute drive.
you guys are amazing :) :)
I've got 2 slots open for next week left who needs some social media promotion? $50 for a week(7days) real results real followers.
I keep telling myself shit happens for a reason.
Look at the trees and look at my face and look at a place far away from here
RT : RT “: Mobile is most personal computer we've ever owned. The avg person looks at their phone 150 xs a day #dsum12”
I'm actually about to cry.. THIS CAN'T BE THE END OF KURT AND BLAINE!!!!
we are concerned with the corruption of Congress, bought and paid for by corporations. Americans against Americans = Democracy.
Great, that's all that corner needs, more empty storefronts. Hope it's only a rumor.
I cannot get Call me, maybe stuck out of my headd!!!
guess what its FRIDAY!!!!!!
I'm stunned. A city plow just went through. Not a subcontractor.
MLB season starts in less than 4 hours. Never been more excited
For most men a women is karma on how he has treated females of his past!
Ha nah you are cool Augie! Dude what happened wiff you and callaghan?
Looking forward to #CincodeMayo! Why, u ask? It's the next day I get to sleep in, & will be 'I'm not getting off my butt all day' day.
lmao you guys look good brother. Rep your hood nigga lol
looks like I got hacked. changed pw... sorry about that!
Don't Ever Play That Tough Shit With Me. . . PLEASE !!
she here
I'm trying to write in 140 senetences what will be obvious if you draw it :)
Still think the jazz's old uniform & logo was way better.
I had the iPad in my cart and then it crashed. I was THISCLOSE!
Hella hot outside,
What a day...
had a great time with and at a great burger place in Pittsburgh !
Cant believe im sitting next to Ellen Degeneres right now
Xmas Tweets: Mom explaining how another family celebrates Christmas by "opening their presents, just like us."
no problem Lil lady!! See ya tmrw :)
CF2 was a blast! #Turn down the fucking sepultura and listen, man!
If you honk at me to be moving faster for my parking space, I'll be pushing that park button. Falalalala
Damn look at this shit
I handled the fish and reptiles in short order, but Medusozoa are tougher customers by far.
Yes. The French Open in 2006 and last Three Years at Indian Wells
Middle of the day bubble bath...Relaxing and needed
I will add them to guest list and email them a confirmation email. Will just need address of winners.
Twitter is good! Facebook is better
A Hidden Benefit of Afghanistan: Peace via
way to go, Joe! We need good men like you in Philly
you're just figuring that out? Well, admitting you have a problem is the first step towards recovery.
I knew it! haha
do you miss being in the fron office after seeing all this action in the past 48 hours?
When I say I had fun with my girls, nobody ever knows if I mean my friends, or my boobs
Tom Petty, The Cult, Judas Priest ...
Discretion is the perfection of reason, and a guide to us in all the duties of life.
thanks for the follow.
Do you know when your panel is going to get started on CSPAN? Let me know if you can, thanks!
He should really stop hanging out with the wrong crowd before its too late.
What a perplexing day. Is #KONY2012 #coverthenight trying to overshadow #NationalWeedDay?
Friendship isn't about who you've known longest, it's about who came and never left your side
We have a huge show announcement on its way!
People change, memories don't.
ME TOO. I live down the block from a shop called Doggie Style where there are tiny dogs shopping for canine accessories all day.
hey tiff just saying hey girl miss you much:-)
Travel writer friends, do you post to #TripAdvisor? If so, anonymously? Or straight-up regardless of hosting/comp guilt?
Working over here.
has been doing traveling arrangements all night and is now going to bed.
Save us some seats at your church.
well you tried. Everything happens for some reason or another. I know it will happen when you get this all solved!
Still talk to some old CC profs as well MT : still very close to my journo prof from Valencia CC & he knows his shit
The b*tches aint loyal! And these NIGGAS not either!Let your loyalty lie within!Trust ones own self! Cause ain't nobody else TRUSTWORTHY! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Its so hot. Pool be so perfect!!!
Damn you work, always interfering with perfectly good video game time.
Mass Effect 3 looks really cool. I look forward to playing it when I finally have time to do so, probably in the year 2019.
how's life?
Who needs some jagar o I ment ?
yeah it was a pretty good movie
thanks for the RT. Have a wonderful weekend.
i wasnt and its 12:59 am here thats why im going to bed so sorry =\
"When i see your face there's not a thing that I would change"....(:
Loving Saturdays...
#turnon men dressed up
Working on RWA blog post. Got to debrief. lol
I'm not sure what I'm more excited about today...the scope for my SCAR arrived and I dropped the Camaro off to get fuel injected...
$8 for 3 Kids Full Day Visits ($24 Value) Plus $75 off A Birthday Party If Booked During That Visit from Alltimate Party n' Play.
Its now a FACT Is NEVER going to follow me:'(
You and me both! I wish they would catch him!
About to start live tweeting! Exciting.
1st 1/2 marathon since injuring myself last yr Hoping I'm more ready than I think I am Using this as training run & using some new products
Crud. Responsible parenting is calling. Gotta go...have fun & nice chatting!
Lumen, Soundbar, Buddah, or if u like the diverse crowd Crescendo, Detention, NV Penthouse lounge
How to Become a Tech-Savvy Mama - iVillage
Just wanna sing
My President has Wabash shut down!!! Police everywhere- wonder if he'll give a nice wave to the crowd by the Palmer House...
Home repairs, Maintenance, and Remodeling done by polite, professional, craftsmen. Need some help? Give us a call
I troll so much on twitter
hm lemme see cuz we got taylor too
so stay awesome my friends!
I think OKC is taking this one tonight... what ya think?
Redskins announced on Monday they have released the injury-plagued running back, Clinton Portis'. Coach
": praying brings out some new pieces before I go on summer break .." U say that like I post once a yr!! lol.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I really don't have time for this
Just saw a guy at a stoplight in a Liverpool jersey. You'd be surprised how easy it is to tell someone you like their shirt via hand motions
Heading over to Cosmo 's to pick up some tracks :)
HELLO EVERYONE! =)
That was an incredible pass by Vrby
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Alex Guesta feat. Lili Rose - Thank You
Birthday next month >>>>>
OH: We are the UN of anime conventions! there is North Korea yet.
Hey lady. Want to not tweez your mustache when your driving!
his son claims that it was common in conversation in the small world of anthro at the time
Headed to #hacks4change. Will teams sweep?
GRATEFUL for & for a GREAT webinar on small groups 4/18 w/ ... GOOD STUFF!
thanks for RTs last week!
Thanks to my new followers and
Thanks for following... we have to get this word out about these predators!!!
What's that?
After warming up, your child should perform fifteen to forty minutes of a regular exercise each day. Walking, stairs, chores, etc.
hey boo! wassup?
I really wish you could pay online. Right NOW is when I'm paying bills, online. I don't know how much I owe you & you're not open
“: honestly if you recommended the breadsticks at any given brothel, I'd probably have to check them out”
Text Message Marketing Drives Auto Accessory Sales for Auto Accessory Warehouse - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
We like that you're kicking it off with us!
RT : I just want to point out that the shuttle that NYC is getting has never been to space. The one in DC has.... #DC!#DC!#DC!
I watch the Food Network for the tits.
I remember how cool to see Justin Bieber get "discovered"... loved his story, his following his dreams... but now it's hard to watch him.
I'll do anything. Just keep. the cat. ALIVE.
have fun in SheBoy!
About time theres going to be another ps3 tourney!
RT : Intellectual Freedom Committee to discuss Tucson School Dist Mexican American Studies book removal 10am DCC Rm A309
- Any way not to pay through PayPal for Google Analytics plug-in? I want to pay with a corporate card and not set up a PP acct.
thanks for not makin dodgeball suck like they do on family channel
Checked out 2 nooks today! Kids requested books we didn't have and in minutes they had them in the library nooks and could start reading!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Very Bad Things
Hey, , any ideas? Good books on role of tobacco plantation in the Revolution? Looking for rare mix of insight/good writing.
#lgovsm Does it come with a Yembassy, a car and driver? :-)
Do see #Moyers&Co. #PBS and see #RoseAnnDeMoro speaking (she's awesome) of the
hahaha OMG come on !!!!
So, that's where you were! Missed you in the tourney. #eupl RT Day trip to AC yesterday and didn't play poker
I can do oversized, discharge, and all over printing.
So Sam L Jackson told AO Scott that he should find a job he can actually do. Nice job Mr. Jackson, except, Mr. Scott is a damn fine writer!
Totally insane on the part of the Today Show RT : #WH2012 Palin to Host 'Today' Show on Tuesday ... #TCOT #TeaParty //
Our Spring showcase already has some of the best middle school and HS players in the country attending, including a 6'4 7th grader!!!
Real recognize real, who the fuck is you?
Double D! Good lord!
yeah i did- once ours was in the fridge!
Yeah, you're probably right on both counts
gotta go bye :)
tea lights are beautiful right? Stay tuned for more #home accessories, you'll be amazed! : I love them!!!
True love seems to be such a pretty lie. We are fed fairy tales about prince charming, our knight in shining armor, and superman.
Lol at people who post about insomnia at like 1am
Getting lost in the music today.
It's a great day here at - let's get a win tomorrow and this week will be back on track!
International Adoption After Miscaarriage
You got it=) xoxo
You can get one at our next show Mikayla! We've got new designs on the way as well :)
A lot going on for Go Local! Stay tuned for new members! And keep your eyes peeled for #GoLocal info from !
Is that the right conclusion to draw from that study?I wonder.
One more week and Elite Fashion Academy LA welcomes more students to this amazing fashion family!
Fuck, always be my baby just came on pandora. Here comes the waterworks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
A bite to eat after this early morning Matinee -- the show went splendidly!
siiiira that's so funny #TFK is
I might buy myself some for my bday
gonna spend time with the family at a cookout then gonna watch the fireworks 2nite:) <3
I love it when my skinnies get skinnieR WOO
": 14*" you'll be 15 before they get it
im gonna send it through a text
I'd take one if you've stil got some.
Rafael Nadal is a beast.
*~I personally think Beauty mama is just to ugh fo me she to mean yo~*
Oh CHYEAH!!! Silver Surfer all night long hyun
Well, I'm sadder than a slapped squirrel I didn't get elected to any offices as a write-in last night, but you can still
If the doesn't fine/suspend Delonte West for "wet willie" head push on Hayward, they'll have forfeit authority to players.
hectic day to day. dealing with business on the run
watching Family Feud. It is CARZYYA STEVE Harvey is FUNNY !!!!
The sitting and waiting for the right time to pounce is half the fun!!!!
sorry i got trouble i cant read your reply message :| wait
"moths carry a dust on their wings, a dark gold dust. That dust is the dust of knowledge.” -don Juan
Congrats to our contest winners: & each won signed copies of Grosvenor Square! Thank you to all participants!
Really want to go on , teach a thing or two about negotiating, then go into business and make him much richer!
Had so many good dreams last night... wish they would come true
Mission accomplished, 16 likes in just a couple days, going for 100 in the next 30 days!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix fags and child adoption»”
Aw lol ima take audio recording and production c:
What's the one video of theirs that you respect the most?
...marketers, investors, entrepreneurs, etc. that are "startup adjacent" (case by case basis).
your E THS was moving, wish the best for you and Bill. You are truely an inspiring person!
I also always order 4 donut sandwiches, glazed are the buns, chocolate frosted is the lunch meat
i love defriending people on facebook... is it bad that it feels so good?
Hi, Pete! Follow me ?
Good Morning everyone!
take a secret fitness break!instead of hanging out in the lounge with coffee, take a brisk walk outside. we promise your legs will thank us.
I wish you could join us. We haven't seen you in ages and we miss you. Any plans to come to Boston or SF?
I still think u need to find a vehicle to use your natural dance talent. Maybe that new show #smash will hire you!
Happy International Women's Day!
“: Habbo was the Thang when I was young” omg yes. Imagine if I played with you ahaha.
I'm in a New York State of Mind!
inner circle commitments
Fret not, hope exists. Miracles happen. The young feel it. The old know it. We all take our seats in the orchestra of experience.
def! Lets see the new images/clothing line!
RT : With - congrats on receiving $750k from affordable care act. #Rva healthcare for
THE WAY HOME ep Release Party tonight at The Legendary Dobbs, swing by for awesome music & very good people! At the game? Xfinity Live PBR!
Feels like a P90 day.
HAHAHAHAHA. Best picture of him EVER! x
The week after. I'm on a sports business trip to meet with various companies in the area. Wish i could make it
#thoughtsduringschool I wonder if anyones watching me
And all I have to say is that needs to cuss more often lmfao xD
let's get on some grapes tonight. Where u at b?
Thanks for the follow you sexy folks you!
Pepper dills, not the sweet ones. Dip in flour, then beer batter, then fryer. It was a hard sell for me, too, but I get it now.
It's fun with census data (1910 data, that is) around the offices, in preparation for our upcoming seminar on Ellis Island immigration!
Thank you for the follow :)
"The one thing I like about flights at 9am is" the opportunity to go somewhere else.
that seems like the only logical choice to make! He makes a fair point, it's as simple as that haha.
I don't mind the work, just the pay
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo LOVE $ DRAMA <U+E32B>
University of Kansas is looking for a staff photographer in University Relations. Interested? Message me your e-mail and I'll forward info.
Thx for the follow. #LAkers Al Day!!!
I love my #mom <3
China Anne McClain and Sierra McCormick
Me too Megan.
updating the iTunes and iPod versions <<<<<<
It's about to be weak. Iman is going to win just because Lin is going to be throwing him a lob
WOW I really HATE emotions !
On the slate for tonight: the graduation exhibit. Come join me if you're in the area!
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we can arrive at an agreement.
yeah. ..I forget too
Frey, Triptych. Boy meets girl meets alien. Well-done exploration of the integration of alien refugees into English/Earth culture & society.
14-0 is the way we roll!!!
Ohkayy So I Hope Win The Challenge Tonite On Love Games
no u dont u havent played a single one of them
Is ready to do something that will turn heads.
oh my bad
Are we throwing musical references in now?
A man goes through stats from national exam on performance of African American eighth graders.
Signal report on the antenna: all stations except 47.1, Is there a 47.2? I have to put some elevation on that thing for Packer games.
I'm getting used to it. You forget how brave I am!
Damn dude they make yu take 1 to get in the school???
Good crowd tonight for #AUPSteadyRain! 2 more chances! Don't miss 'em!
hmm your too much.
haha, I appreciate it bud
When hairy legs come back in style, all those women who got electrolysis are gonna be real sad.
About To Make Another Pic Of Me And
Yea it does
Ya know what sucked? 1978. USC & Bama split the title. Both played on NYD in separate, glorious bowls. Who'd want 2 go back 2 THAT horror?
If you're ever in Nashville you should check out the Best modern art collection I've seen in a while.
Many rivers lead to the same ocean. Allow for many paths to take you to your destination. And always be ready for white water rapids.
Getting the deal done with Champ would be the ultimate PR move for the
That's a terrible blank stare Mr Bo Pellini. As Chas Barkley says "terble"
Softball practice.
Friedrich NietzscheIt is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
I say waits for me tomorrow (:
This is my only twitter! FYI :D
Thanks for coming in to see us with your madre!
Today @ 2pm I'm doing a radio show "All Things Green" w/ Lisa Justice. Go to www.wsRadio.com and click on Live Studio B. On our website Wed.
I would like to ask for forgiveness from Jakarta Indonesia--Nairobi Kenya has THE worst traffic jams in the world not you!!! in one now
thanks for getting back to me about this!
"be excellent to each other." -Rufus
Not over yet Philly Faggots!
Today is the longest day ever. One more class then nap then putty
We did, and so did more than 9.5 million passengers last year. :) Happy Travels!
Ask me in September. If the team wins 70 games as expected, then the homegrown players aren't good.
I forgot how possesive you were of the studio,you work in. This post had me LOL literaly
Crap, hate apps that spam my account w/o me knowing it. Boo. #shameonyou Cheers.
Win $10K in prizes Big Drum Bonanza w/Thomas Lang, Virgil Donati, Kenny Aronoff, Jeff Hamilton, Chris Coleman & Dave ELitch
Awe!! #SWIFTIESLOVEMAMMASWIFT Happy mothers say to you Andrea!!! Love you ya mamma:
Mother's Day is here! We have some little cakes she will enjoy. But come early. We'll be busy tomorrow!
hopefully it would be good for us we need the attention
Wish I could bottle Micah's look of pure joy after scoring a basket at tonight's game
Enjoying the first annual #BrewBash by Yelp. Looking forward to many more.
Thanks! We are now well over 2k fans!
Do you think the celebrities see my tweets? O.o
yes. you told it how it is aaha
As of about 12:21 last nite we are live again! Oh yeah...now to find what data is missing
So this one time in Mexico... I'm mean Alabama.
“: Thanks to Jake and the awesome crew at , another great meal!” yay. Thanks for coming. Glad to have you all in.
A U.S. survey shows that parents feel more uncomfortable talking to their children about #obesity than about
i agree... it's a little overwhelming. might be easier to just delete than figure out
Gonna do some yoga at Museum this morning!
": follow em!" follow these dudes
MT : Gustavo Arellano will be at The Autry on Sunday for our Go West Book Fest! Come check him out!...
Face hurts from smiling so much.
Twitter party tele-FireStarter jam. TMRW night. Free. Register:
yes but for college that's not too bad! I think you did very well for yourself!
Anyone have any experience dealing with Rochester Museum of Fine Art in New Hampshire? Or donating artwork to a collection?
Gifted student informed me the only way to control a gifted class was either by yelling or charisma. By default charisma? . .
Just got up early to go to skool
Everyone follow my company
Teixeira really gotta get his batting avg up...
Every single girl at the Lee Rd and OBT Wing House is smokin hot!! Not one troll! Hooters you suck!
Ammonites found mini oases at ancient methane seeps
I'm at the Fake Shea Stadium
First thing I see when I open my new ? in an ad!
Sometime in the next 6 months probably!
Hawks are a Great comeback team. Not over.
YES bang on it. We're so going to Disneyworld ?
thanks julie!
takes more muscles to frown then smile :)
Great stats on youth homelessness by Maria!
Just coming back from Christmas in Overtown; 47 F in Miami currently @ 8:30 PM
Still waiting on to text me back
Cleaned closet, went running, now for my reward: Couch time with 's "Drift."
The Inception score gives me chills... can't wait hear it in context of the film.
Magic Johnson, when did you become so rich?
good morning dam it's cold outside I. Did not know Florida was cold
Can't trust these hoes they nothing but set ups
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 26
welcome to our Twitter feed!
Thanks Darin.
are we going to have pay attention in class next year?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Celebrate our favorite day of the year with us! Stop by the tasting room for festive music, fantastic people and, best of all, amazing beer!
Dare I say it? I was fond of DMB's version back in the day.
Basically just made an orchestral techno song. I am well pleased
I did! Just did 3 months ago. How is married life?
Nobody can judge you as hard as you can judge yourself!
Somebody order a few more Trevor Hoffmans. We don't have enough of them.
Confucius Say, Never argue with a fool...he may be doing the same thing.
I wish you could come with me!
Im so glad to be home
Congratulations on dancing with the stars. I am in San Diego and will definitely vote for you.
ill try to find out and let ya know :)
U-Swirl of the day: Reeses Peanut Butter Yogurt with chocolate chips, peanuts, and Magic Hard Shell.
@@ the crib watching this giants game bout to roll up!! damn atlanta trippin!! all we do is smoke, fuck, get $$$$$ and watch sports n muzik
“: However, courtney must go down! Lol”. please! How did he not know he was getting played?
LOL herschel just broke the fifth wall
Blunt+shopping=perfect for this dayy
shut up little girl!!
Yayy! I get to see my dad :D
I would be honored to have your assistance with developing this website. I might have some hook ups. Are you in Anchorage?
Front Desk Thurs: Oy vey! Been here 1.5hrs & just sat down! Joint's jumpn! Come visit our Gold Panning Booth @ Midnight Sun Festival on Sun.
agreed!! I'm looking forward to ur blog post re: "community managers"
everybody a damn thug....get real
Every #soccer team has'em. THE HAND FLAPPER: This player cannot run without arms up and limp wrist.
If anyone wants to be famous and star in a Verlo commercial tomorrow, let me know. We're looking for people to come to our Greenfield store…
“: Awkward moment when you are Facebook stalking someone and then you accidentally like their status from 2 years ago.”
pls RT -Tonight,from 11:00 -12:00 pm EST Xmas shop for $1.00..Upfront, there is also a free gift for all.Check back at 10:55 EST for the url
Yes it is!
Whatever your #dream is remember to b true to yourself! What is your #Passion ? LETS TALK BOUT CHANGE THE WORLD
Gil Roy!!! I'm not hanging out wit you so stop freakin txted mee
I'm still not used to this whole waking up in hotel rooms thing. But business is business…
My first thought today was..."man red-eye flights are the worst when it is freezing!" If thats my biggest problem today, we're good lol HAGO
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
So great to meet at #FabFest2012 today. If you at all care about your health, I highly recommend following her!
When a person we know is diagnosed with HIV & AIDS, most of us feel helpless.
I am a single mom of 3 without work but I am still going to donate to toy drive. No child should go without. :)
Happy FRIDAY! :)
The make brain reacts to good figured woman like it does to drug or alcohol
& PRESENTS with @ The LC indoor stage on 7/15 Tickets are $22 in advance.On sale 4/27.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. Lao Tzu
velvet underground friday night.
I think everyone should be informed that the word "masturbation" in Arabic literally translates to "the secret habit".
If you dont use it, you lose it.
Nope read the info. I am the inside scoop of Pittsburgh twitter fights.
Pool with and two honeydipps, pretty chill
OMG CATCH UP IT IS MY LIFE! Haha! Its so good omg
"when people look askance at you- you askance reply" -Alice Walker
There's gonna be battles in your life but with Him you can win every single one of them.
The chapter with the dog left me physically ill. Such a cool read overall, though!
I've solved the offsite library storage problem: offsite reading rooms. NYPL & other libraries should just acquire some coffeeshops.
Old MLS didn't not offer the tours, so many already have something in place. I think for many it is just learning something new.
It was great. Lunch at a nice restaurant is really a great way to eat. Less expensive, not as crowded.
Hey Aaron missing your tweets, come back and tell your fans what you have been up to. The SLTP ladies need you
In 2004 we almost got that wagon, but went with Matrix hatchback which had just about as much room and served our family of 4 well.
im so cool i like my own facebook status.
I um... decided to get my GED. I fell behind on credits & it got to be too much. Plus they couldn''t keep me in (cont).
Happy mother day to all the mothers
Selfmade Thursdays 10 N.Center St Orange NJ $5 mixed drinks $20 Sangria Pitchers free buffet, crazzyy music by djphatboy
OMG. i didn't know. i feel so bad for them both! ): when did all this happend?
I, too, seek that $5.99 strip mall Pho of which you speak. Still waiting.
Headed home to enjoy this beautiful weather in the backyard with my parents, sisters and nieces!
You wear lying bitch so well ;) x
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-6
#nice thanx for the follow!!!
When Bergy is back...there is NO way Seguin doesn't remain in the lineup. NO WAY. He's a menace tonight.
John Hughes RIP Tell Candy Hi!
You heading down my way? I have to get out of the freelancer uniform, but I'm heading over soon.
Anyone want to do something?
At the gym... Listening to Yankees vs O's on MLB At-bat app
thank you! In really looking forward to this years prom..have you heard of Gatton Academy?
LOL! me too...every single time :p
If Rondo's assist percentage stands pat at 51.9% he'd be the 4th player to record an AST% above 50% others CP3, Steve Nash and John Stockton
HELP! My book designer just retired and I have three books I need help to get published. Do you know a good one? Plz send my way!
I don't have time to look up your arguments, but I already know there's no way they could support such a silly conclusion.
I'm so tired, but staying up to watch
Part of experience design involves knowing what experience you want your users to have and what experience they already have
omg I can't believe it I love the last part ah
Look for what YOU WOULD WANT on a website like yours if you landed there..then BUILD IT.
Thats good I will now be able to sleep at night.
I wanna go to that shawarma place.
i actualy watched it sunday night cuz i wanted to see french montana but i was watchn it again today -__- dont judge lol
hahaha you bringing me back with that one homie!! Wassup this week..... When u wanna ball & grub??
Again, Shoutouts to the new followers today. We appreciate your love and support. Website with merch coming soon. Be on the lookout :)
The Bulls game is giving me heart palpitations.
Coach Brad Childress gets a nice extension today. The news inspired an interesting conversation.
you missed an awesome gym priod.
Listening to Blink 182's Buddha as I finish my Christmas shopping.
I'd like to see a landscape example for Seattle - Grey sky, no rings.
The circus is coming! Everyone is out in the streets of Grandview waiting to see the elephant walk.
Hehe. Perhaps. Lots of slippery shadows on the island... Have you ever been here?
Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars..
we will do our best to be there -- 90% sure. Great cause indeed
Best Practice 2:You don’t want to select your target languages solely based on the translation costs associated with each. Pick them wisely
Come, for the House of Hope is built on sand bring wine, for the fabric of life is as weak as the wind. -Hfiz
crucify them. but really. what kind of person just goes and pisses all over years of someone else's hard work?
Your full ebay name is Doyle/Moss/Stout
Anyone know how to seek out/browse bad reviews on #yelp? cc:
- Random Family by Adrian Nicole LeBlanc
Need a recommendation for a restaurant along the Fox River with great food, atmosphere. Tweet me!
That will be a good one >RT : I need some art conservation jokes for a blog post, any suggestions?
Hey Good luck at state! I love you! Kay bye!
No he gives you lessons to learn from and you have to tackle them the best you can...
I hope I'm blessed to become a mommy one day. Not today and certainly not tomorrow but soon. Lol I hear it's the best job on earth.
just trying to decide what clothes I need to get....I could use a few new pieces!
I'm gonna go listen to music & cry.... It makes me feel better..
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. - Buddha
In the morning super early- I'll be there tonight.
today was dress for success.. all the girls wore shirt skirts and slutty dresses... real successful , right? lol
I hope everyone at uk got the email from Terrence jones, proceeds go to
that was good!
some people are just flat out creepy
I wish. We just both happen to be journalists with Michigan connections and the same last name.
Put A Lil Bit Of Hotsauce In Yo Noodles & You Good
You can tell the character of every man when you see how he receives praise. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
yea but I still like barca and my other team is man u if they could actually qualify for UEFA next year
I guess i'll finish watching Hall Pass since my nieces aren't here.
I now have 2 nicknames from my publishers. #1 is Nikki B. and #2 is Nicole F&*(ing Baxter. #2 is a compliment, really. I like my publishers.
I'm thinkin maybe some golf and beers in a couple weeks? Let me know what you think.
Thanks to everyone at Roll Call for a great first day on the job. I can now be reached at .
Feel better!
Happy Birthday! :D
“: We all have that one teacher who's like, "Don't pack up yet. There's still 7 seconds of class left!"”
Used QR code scavenger hunt w/ms students to preview new chapter with students. They LOVED it, engaged ALL levels of learners
Empty bottles and broken dreams life never goes as you plan it to be
If you weren't so far away I'd send so many people to you :)
We're often told that we should "forgive & forget." Forgiveness should happen. Are we being realistic about the forgetting part???
Columbus was lost!
#Imagine lying on the sand at the beach until you feel a body on top of you. Zayn:''Hey beautiful.'' *Kisses you passionately*
the wolf..because that's what Link changes into in Zelda :P
THANK YOU! I FINALLY PARTICIPATED! THANKS FOR TAKING YOUR TIME FOR OUR QUESTIONS.
I want a SINGER Confidence Sewing Machine!
Oops, I got that backwards. Iowa might have knocked Newt out, SC the end for Santorum, w/out
Contact the ones who can make a difference! Phil Mendelson, Councilmember - Tel: (202) 724-8064 -
#3DAYS TILL TRAIN TRACKS R OFF!! :)
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
DRIVER TEACHER: "What do you do at a red light?” ME: "I usually respond to texts, check my emails & Facebook." -- Funny Solo ()
Attended One of the best hotel parties last night! I had a real good time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks Diggz for the kind RT!
#RT of you from the
Introduced Hallelujah chorus to 165 students in my univ. choir last night Most never sang it. A thrill for me to give them the experience
I'm right on with that!!
OK. I admit I picked them to win. Can't help catching Crimson Fever.
Awesome bubble bath on damp gray day. What a difference the new hot water heater made!! Am the best homeowner I can be!
Spring time in Tucson! Book all of your transportation needs with Integrity!
I love sweethearts
BuzzE is a proximity based social app. See people and events near you. Download BuzzE for free from the App Store
Beth Lunz at Newton Lehman agency has handled all our insurance for 20 years. Call her - expert, professional.
Kinda weird how quite Twitter is about #mothersday. Is it because you're all planning a HUGE SURPRISE for me? Because I'm all over that.
RT :Interesting:TNT gets Derrick Rose & CSN gets John Salmons 4 on crt,post-game interviews.IMO,Salmons(35 pts)is the interview 2 get
LA has taught me a thing or two,I.E.Don't date the most beautiful girl in the world,date the girl that makes your world the most beautiful.
16 years ago today we welcomed our second son and third child into the family. Happy Birthday, David! Love, Dad
Its important that you keep people in your life that are sincerely happy, and supportive of whats going on in your life right now.
RT : #10FactsAboutMe When i can't sleep , I overthink. When i overthink , I can't sleep.
I guess it is Spring now with all this morning rain. Happy Spring or I guess I could say Happy Allergy Season! ;).
Fucken Lakers are making me MAD!!
good idea... Cept you knowww that's about to mess up my outfit swag right!?! Lol
For fun try the City of NO's "interactive" map that zooms w/o you clicking & displays the Atlantic Ocean when you click on Chef Menteur Hwy
At Olive Garden. c:<
Jonathan Duhamel Stays Top GPI Player of the Year
you are risky and I love that about. Damn you sexy.
yo whats the link to that video we watched at the Studio?
Second bottle of wine has been broached. & Emotions (therefore) unleashed. Here's hoping they're honorable, or at least, not disgraceful.
Wow, the new Vimeo is great.
Great perspective on separating The Who from The Do as I like to say, from "Golf is not my everything."
<U+2665> send me in DM your link :) and i add u sweetie <U+2665>
Was it a sellout the other night? I didn't catch it...
why do you keep following and unfollowing me
Just spent like an hour typing up the interview with and then my computer deleted it all. Hate you too computer.
I love under the mistletoe
Chopping down an oversized tree at a church on Bering in Houston!
I hate when people lie about the stupidest things!!!
- Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you :))
thanks to this book I wanna diet right. I wanna see experience "my first colonic" my make up is coming out better. Thanks ru!
“: you guys rocked saturday night hope to catch you out there again soon!”. Agreed! Glad to be a part!
you will find unique v-day gifts -they supported at the NEXT Burlesque Benefit. We love SHAG! www.weloveshag.com
thanks for the feedback! We may need some of your expertise!
: Happy Birthday Carmine! Hope you have a great day!
I mean u could make a very reasonable argument especially in the wake of Rose injury, Clippers shouldn't even had tried 2 win at that point
Pay your taxes everybody!!!!
yeah she's holding.on but its getting bad
anyone else feel like this day is moving at a turtle's pace? le sigh.
I attend Bolton high school what about you?
NICE. Speaking as someone who's done 90 miles in a trip, it is a sunoffabeech but totally worth it!
Life is a precious gift. Don't waste it being unhappy, dissatisfied, or anything else you can be.
stability is the answer/wanting you
. Tonight I still am not liking Gibbs and JLC. I wouldn't want to see a 60-30 thing (yuck!), but a 60-40ish thing might work. ;)
really I'm doomed. I'll have to go to all 4 days next year of you don't come. So get you arse over here... ok?!
"The world belongs to the energetic." That's right! Wake up! Morning, Voodoo
who is he there to see?
its gonna be a tough road ahead without you this year, but get healthy and come back better in 2013!
Mother Nature must have been drinkin' the orange kool-aid, because this is very well-timed rainout/night off for the
Got to play with a baby duck in study hall<333
You're in my past for a reason. So stay there.
Good morning everyone!
Idk why they are talkin bout pat summits son on ESPN
will you stop it with all the #gasprices tweets? Stop tweeting and start working. All you ever do is complain.
#DailyQuote: "The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much." - Thornton Wilder
I don't even use twitter anymore.
I wouldn't be totally against a drive to kendalville.
Is anyone really surprised that DNA testing can't totally predict disease? Hello, environmental factors!
Omg I haven't been on this account in ages.
I'm not picky when it comes to guys . It's just that I have high standards.
Going to get my hair done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
:: Five Voicetracked shows and four sponsor demos...I think that's enough for one day, thank you!
not yet but will soon
thank you, kind sir! You're a rockstar yourself!
I am a long time supporter and constituent. Please know that I oppose SOPA and PIPA. Thank you.
Big week. Today = 1st of 2 leading a course design workshop, then starting a Winter term trip to Italy on Sunday.
Phillies not as good as some thought?
hope all is well Charlie!
I haven't been sorted yet, looking forward to it!
thank you so much!
it's gets noticed a lot-- what you say!! ?
of course you can get a follow back my nigg. Lol
alas no. Hope it will be on Ted soon
Your presentation turned my macbook air into an easy bake oven. Mine is way less shiny :)
u kumin this way or what
Yeah yeah. Excuses, excuses <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
if one direction does a signing in orlando i will be there like 3 days early omfg
Its game over for me if I lay on my bed for a split second <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
S/O to Mr. Manley for making me teach myself. I don't know anything about WW1! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thanks. Do they replace immediately, or do you have to wait for it to be mailed?
I'm about to pee...
Food fact of the Day:For this Leap Day Feb 29, 1904 Johnny Leonard Roosevelt "Pepper" Martin, baseball player was born.
Out to eat with my favorite guys in the whole world <3
i am going to white water tommorow
If Rick Santorum suspends campaign due to family issues, just imange him doing the same if he became president.
That is very good
#Vanderbilt closes the first half on a 13-3 run to take a 33-23 lead into halftime against
Ha! :-) In all seriousness, I need not to feel like a criminal ordering a veggie pizza sub. Oh what drama...
My phone is constantly getting blown up by unknown numbers and weird text messages from people I'm not familiar with. So annoying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
YES! Like for serious, when we get back from tour.
It would take about one box of sour patch kids and a shirtless Leo scene.
*Plugs in computer* "99% Charged. "Well that's good enough" *unplugs computer* "100% charged" -.-
There's 2 sides to every story and more than 1 perspective on a planet with 7 billion humans
ya, ok
Your Welcome!
Man, the Chinese GP this year was fantastic. One of the best F1 races in recent history, methinks. Need more of that wheel-to-wheel!
wow, never seen a check written to me with that many zero's
Thanks for the RTs and We love our tweeple spreading the word!
"OMG, he looks like gay Rodney Dangerfield" - Ben on Randy Jackson's pink plaid AI jacket.
omg Thanks!! :D
"To begin to think with purpose is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to...
.... we do something on new media and the "general public"?
I really really really want to go see footloose today. Who else thinks it looks amazing?!
Thanks buddy! On the flip side, I actually know something about #wine b/c of you!
RT #Escuchando " Think I'm Crazy " de Chamillionaire Feat. Natalie - Album: The Sound Of Revenge <U+266B>
Psalm 83:16 Cover their faces with shame, LORD, so that they will seek your name.
always makes me laugh how a drop of rain brings dc traffic to a stop. it takes 8 feet of snow to do that to chicago
Our new SAT Prep session will be starting on February 5, 2011. Please call our school for more details! :)
That would be awesome! I bet they could make more money too.
Should go to bed soon, game tomorrow
Hi :) Just reminding u to follow us ;)
On the bright side, I'm feeling tons better today, woohoo!
I think you're running way above expectation
I'm still here babes... Let me know if you need me...
I burn down buildings while you sit on a shelf inside of them.
Sitting at flying j. Only in kentucky>_<
Hey , Happy Birthday. Glad to share it with ya!
new music new year, and i feel it all in my ear
what! that sounds like pure happiness. when/where?
i know! Baha!
Great spot on the News Hub. You were fantastic and it's awesome that you guys are talking horse racing.
Gre( presense on defense. Already two steals.
Classic response. Steve, make it so RT : Saigon grill?
Thanks you! :)
No doubt fam.
No problem!
My own blood sister is trying to shit on me lol
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
Just finished watching hitchhiker's guide and sketching a new character design. On to more artwork!
Let me know how it goes!
The more you act like that, the more you push me away. Just saying.
Barry, absolutely!
Happy Birthday =)
I love getting my grandma things, but it just sucks to have a whole day to remind me that's my moms no longer here.
Ready to go home!!!! O.o
Laughing isnt cool anymore. Dont laugh just say "That's funny."
i will shoutout you if you follow she follow back ... rt i you follow to shoutout you ;D
Can't wait to see get my pics back from my shoot today. I know one thing I'm hungry as hella Bella!!!!
Beer today gone tomorrow
Watching little giants is probably one of the best ways to start super bowl Sunday
Gah! Screw school!
You are sneaky like !
#ImHappy because #God is #Faithful and He keeps ALL of His Promise!
Thanks RightBlue! Just started following you.
When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it!
Excited for your giveaway! I would love to try the miso glazed ahi tuna!
Actions speak louder than words Mr. President.
Heard some good news about a final exam!! Now need to study.
paisley in a couple weeks!
I just text jodes so we can plan our trip there! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#top100lies i love you..
What pisses me off are those who expect students to do the work of a professional. Student Interns are still learning. Sorry, but (cont…
Josh Reddick #Athletics having a big game.
Good Morning for my people
Change is the only constant. Hanging on is the only sin.
no - we're all set on that front. just keep updated on the new features among the different players.
Just go to his twitter link.
right? soo how was sociology all last week #seniorproblems haha
Catching up on season 5 of Californication because I have free Showtime. Show is great to begin with, but adding RZA to the cast? Awesome!
Win awesome new #electronics for #pennies on the dollar! BidFather.com
so i'm havin a debate...is there a difference between an "ole lady" and a "girlfriend"? tell me!
oh wow! That sounds great. Students can really become teachers to others with such a wide range
. Al of that for Xcode? Sweet...
I like situation questions b/c then I can tell what I have done and give them an idea of how I think.
I was born to tell you I love you... ^_^
i like the Halloween/Michael Myers movies and the Child's Play movies ..... PS check out my myspace
thank you!
stick googley eyes on them!
my phone is a piece of SHIT.
Las Vegas Cash Mob, just one week away! Let's make it bigger than the last!
Let your thoughts be Self Approved & your life will improve. Do not seek outside for what is already within you!
Living in the Midwest /Milwaukee to be exact, you have to love gray....it doesn't stop, it's the color that keeps on giving
Back at you homey , wats cracking your way?RT : All Star Barber #SHOUTOUT <U+25AC><U+25BA><U+25AC><U+25BA><U+25AC><U+25BA>
what are you doing
I'm open to you sending some to me overnight
damnit man....every time I go out to the bar I spend way too much money on the jukebox cuz of you
Looking forward to tweeting with you
sadly I didn't see it at a store but rather on a person (who evidently could not stand me)
The springboard of success gains momentum from the energy of setting goals.
You guys are Dr. Who fans? Should be a good program!
Sasha Baron Cohen pouring Kim Jong Ils ashes all over Ryan Seacrest is one of the funniest things I have ever seen
I will be! I saw you speak in LA two years ago and am looking forward to another talk from you.
for three songs! I paid for an hour show.
Here we go! Who's ready for FREE? The next 9 posts are for YOU!
MF's always turning it up and getting it in at the club. I never see any of this going on. lol.
I absolutely love when Turbo sees or hears another dog, because his hair stands up, and he looks like he has a mohawk running down his back!
a wonderful bizarro world mr drum-tastic :)
My last tweet was quoted by Thank you!
doctorate, eh? In what?
:Greatest name for a donut shop EVER: Glazed and Infused!Opens in April in Chicago.We got to try them & are now obsessed!
Thinking my photocopy of "Fly-fishing the Texas Hill Country" really needs a new, loving home.
registration opens at 6:30, opening ceremony at 8, race at 9. Will be fantastic! See you there!
Maybe if thy'd put pictures of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
I agree with the many comments that note that last season's chefs were more qualified. Thank you for the link!
Gambling for the first time today! You don't have to be 21 at the casino I'm at in Miami! =)
not sure if you saw him and Finlay last night, but that was also great
watcha doing 1st week of Oct? Thinking of presenting at NCSLMA in Winston Salem. Is that close to your brother?
that was a long-winded way to say, "No Gem, I don't do that" lol
fuck my life. and jacoby ellsbury MY FAVORITE red sox player dislocated his shoulder last night! WTF.
It's Friday Fish Fry at Beta featuring Lake Perch from with crispy shoestring fries! Reserve your table now!
Of course the thunder comes as soon as the long weekend starts haha
Putting aside the market disadvantage that creates, those who ALWAYS renew 1yr scholarships are already accomplishing that.
thanks so much for the follow. Let me know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
Idk what to do, do I just let ny guard down and just fly or do I keep my guard up and stay. Fighter
If one of the 3 LT's are there, I'd take Cordy Glenn but I'm not an overt draft expert. Martin next choice, Massie from Ol Miss?
Category: X-Ramis, movies where Harold Ramis plays a doctor
Yeah, I was yelling at them yesterday! And I always defend them when Josh says bad things about them. What jerks. Miss u too!
CBS 58. I have stilettos.
just burped & sneezed at the same time. ouch .
I feel the same! I have to finish my MS, write 2nd draft, read 2 books, get it back from my agent, edit and query before labor day
damn bro! big ass wipp
Got anything to back up claim that poor = bad driver? MT system based on driving history would likewise 'penalize' the poor
Eyes are known to be the most complex organ apart from your brain.
- The last 10 min of the match were awesome! It was a nail biter once they added 5mins to injury.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. ~Mother Teresa
Enjoying my new office space. I'm on the come-up
Hate it when I get so angry, but I can't do anything!
Listen to @ this afternoon talking about 19th century fire protection on All Things Considered.
well wish I could find that #soulmate. I think I did but she just being hard.
"compose new tweet" drastically overestimates how much intellectual effort I put into words
We hope everyone enjoys a safe and fun-filled Memorial Day Weekend.
Ikah Love tonight gonna kill it! Come see the best hip hop night in San Diego and rage with me!
did you get anything at bedbath&beyond
Thanks for the recent follows
#DescribeUrExOnlyUsingMovieTitles Liar Liar, John Tucker Must Die, & A thin line between love and hate!
it sure would make trips on the subway less awkward
yes c:
that cover always creeped me out.
“You are capable of much more than you are presently thinking, imagining, doing or being.”-Myles Munroe
boy boo! U ain't tight lol
having "no you hang up first" fights with your best friend >>>>>
Dr McNally from U of Chicago cardiomyopathy and genetics
Amen. RT "It's a network" should be the beginning rather than the end or answer for our inquiry.
Is that a boy or girl?
They showed a replay on the other broadcast. Smoked.
if i owned the world, i would take him back to you so he can make you happy again! haha
my armpit itches.
RT I hate it when I pee in my pants and people think its just water that splashed on my crotch from washing my hands.
Prepping for our volunteer celebration. Those who serve this ministry freely make a huge difference. Thank you to our volunteers!
Last event of the day for me will be readings by Erna Brodber and
RT There's no food in my fridge #SadForLife / :D
I <3 horseback riding! :]
My calves are so sore I can barely walk lolololol it ain't pretty.
FYI everybody...I'm sending a tweet that I go by KKAL too...there now I'm searchable...ha ha
such a warm beautiful day here in the A.
“If you open up and awaken to the Creator within, your world is transformed.”
Everyone is leaving.
Can't wait to see & on Saturday :)
can't wait for you to do my anatomy packet!! :)
I have really enjoyed your posts this morning. I like to try and focus on the aspects of the relationship that are still good.
Yall Bay Ridgers... Did u just hear thunder also???
Lake erie here we come vacation! cedar point, frank lloyd wright house to visit and just relax, oh and going to bergman's farmers market!
Buenos Dias ! Can't wait to hear all about your #socialmedia initiatives :)
We'll be combining this twitter ID with our other one in the near future. Please follow us there if you are not already.
#HipHopPOV ithink album is very versatile! she has set and broken records as a female rapper! pop or rap ain't nobody messing:)
idk.. something a lot of people are interested in.
's music picks me up on even the worst days <U+2665>
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) :D
Well everybody i will be back later ( bbl )
no way! RT: #WhiteSox, no contest. : which team has the worst farm system in the majors?
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!41
Maybe got some Dino or Glenn Medeiros coming up next?
I miss That So Raven so much
Might get a heavy check by the 25th. Gonna spoil my momster.<33
Follow me on Instagram #Follow Back :)
Im sick in the middle of summer -__- wtf?
my #zombiemoms mantra is I won't get to snuggle baby as often when he's big, so get as much as I can now, day and night!
My favorite thing about this is the phrase "instantly archival." Like, "just add water!!!"
Online collaboration continues to evolve! Looking forward to 2010!
We apologize for any inconvience we may have caused you. We hope you come back soon, your first drink is on us :)
anyone will do..I can't arch my back or move my hips..but its okay I'm not all hopeless! (:
looks like someone likes copying jokes lol
#GOODNIGHT y'all.
On the phone cooking dope at the same Damn time
Ohh Monday, how I loathe thee.
"Some fools rush in, some fools just wait. I never had the heart to tell her - So I had to have the heart to break." ::the love language::
RT : “Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.” Ray Kroc
Just watching porn and wishing I could just have one more multiple....
lol why I gotta hush!?!?!
Happy birthday
I really want this cupcake vanilla candle for my room.
Well, Im at school..
God Is Good, All The Time. Your Relationship With God Is By Far The Most Important Relationship You Can Ever Have.
Will their majesties be staying for supper? # thekingsspeech
May the force be with you! :) RT Does everyone at #MashCon know today is #StarWarsDay ?
Keith, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
Thank you! That would be awesome. Let me know how I can help
mine is on the UPS truck today..... You were putting me off it with those last tweets ;-)
you dick! I sent you a very important text that requires an urgent reply and here you are tweeting I c u
Man, it feels good to finally be done with everything. Remind me to try to pace myself a little better next year :)
Lalalalaaaaaaa it's Friday!!! That means I get to play play play tonight! Sweet.
I can't imagine a version of science ('regnant' or otherwise) in which astrology is science.
Just read your piece on DC's digital pricing. Really informative, clearly stated & now I know about Marvel's deal. Loved it!
See if you can get a hold of Tony Knipling at Vecenie Wholesale. He gives a lot of industry talks.
Man, #ASCO - great ideas for utilizing #technology for internal/external stakeholders...#CPD and #CME!
Listening to "The Joshua Tree" for first time in like 15 years. Sorry, #U2, but I was more without than with you.
thanks =D
Nutcracker in Denver CO - excellent performance. Highly recommend taking the time to take in the show this Holiday Season!!
Your kids pay for your attention.Oh wait, it is the other way around. Don't insult your appearance, others can do that for u.
what happened?
oh good! I was wondering what was happening over there...
then she took my chips away....
Rain sounds so nice
:) cheer up okay? smile :)
must be nice, enjoy the games!
Orange teams Open Mic Night from 8-11 at Good Brews at 82nd and Quacker
Several times a week, just your choice to eat Great Food at our cart downtown will help food banks in the region feed struggling families.
Good point!
A lovely welcome to all of our new followers!
just hit me in the head with his iphone.
Life isn't fair.
LOL I'm talking about my mama! I've never dated a partially black guy. SO SCARY
Happy Birthday to Bobby's. Momma. :-) ": Everyone Lets give Bobbys mama a HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! with....... xxxoooo"
Pitchers and Catchers report tomorrow morning!!!! 2012 season almost underway #setyouralarm via
"find chuck norris" then hit the i'm feeling lucky button
ladies, they love me! all there eyes on my money.
Nor was this the first bad customer service from these locations. I don't just light someone up for one bad time.
2. More. Weeks.
Playin da heist funniest game ever
Bayside with Ashley and Julian!
When I was young, I never wanted to leave the court until I got things exactly correct. My dream was to become a pro.-- Larry Bird
thanks for the RT!
I believe women is the most precious thing in our lives without them men wouldn't be the ruler of this planet.
I swear-- 'Down To Earth' describes me right now.
RE: LaMarcus' hip, Acting GM Chad B. says LA didn't aggravate it when he fell last night vs Hou: "It's just been continued discomfort."
Snuggling with the puppies is even better when it's chilly outside!
Give the girl reign over Animal Crossing. Come back: holes. Holes everywhere.
jealous ! I'd totally watch this with you! boxing on the tube always reminds me of my pops.
ughh homework again tonight!
Thank you! I like that you're watching and THEN you're able to hear me say tornadic! :-) Have a great night!
Happy 1st birthday to our store, DT2!! We've been open for a year today. Come see us at both locations.
I think we all knew that the Tigers would be a defensive liability this season, but averaging 3 errors per game vs the Twins is asinine.
You need to come to the Knicks.
have been hearing of these mass retirements since mid-90s in public history. When happens, often not filled
go on the road now you zeet
Shades of the Departed is actually a different publication, but they do have some great content.
Yes. Message received. You're impaired? Uh oh.
Where is Eric when I need him....@ work ofcourse:-(
You're a Celtic fan, that's expected.
I love productive days! Meetings and strategizing :)
Fed chief Bernanke says European debt problems have eased, but the crisis is not over.
Besides, spring break when I went was so much fun and I wanna do that again :)
One of my UMD students ended her rhetorical analysis of the uni mission statement with "Fear the turtle!"
Saw the Floridians in person... Steve Nash pass!
Unable to function today. Goodbye and goodnight
I'm looking forward to Marc Cary!!
Pioneers get the ball refs fix the split decision. What do you do now?
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby
pumpkin everything!
FREE champagne for girls at tonight from 11-1...just text CHAMPAGNE to 38714!
it will be back in tonight probably
Let's get foamed
nope but i don't mind i don't care for random ppl to be on my personal accts anyways
Damn, that looks good
I do what I can
Thank for the follow! Are you a director? Can we connect on Linkedin?
2 pages per day can generate enough writing to easily get tenure
OHMYGODDDDDDDDDDDDDD LOSANGELES?!??! YOU KNOW HOW LONG IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT?!?!?!? . <3'
You mean there's a cat sitting video you can play while you're gone at work for your kitty? With birds and squirrels? CK is so getting this.
And you'll be getting the storms that went through here last night. Not a good combo w/ the heat. :(
But were they pix of HER baby? RT Jessica Simpson sold baby pix to People Mag for $800,000
Thanks for the #FF!
The Vivians are looking at old pictures trying to identify people. "V" goes "If my mother was here she could tell us who this is" "V" is 88
And I understand that, difference is pros have $ to buy new players, universities do not, must recruit amateurs
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 12
This G.O.D, now bitch nigga go get a J.O.B.
Thanks so much for your support! We at are so grateful!
producers we need beats NOW! get at us:
#NoMondayIsCompleteWithout signing up at least 3 new RSVP members. Looks like we'll have a great new class of Senior Ambassadors!
which means nothing is gained in a better direction. It does not mean those D's that voted for Obamacare bill without public option..
That awkward moment when you're watching #mob wives and trying to count all the times Trina swears .
Almost lunchtime! Come check out our Market "Meat & 3" Your childhood favorites + 3 sides. It's sure to make your Monday! See you soon
IT'S NAME IS TEDDY NOT SKYLER!!!!!!!
Thanks for following me, I do and will follow back.have a good day and a better tomorrow.
thers only 5 things you need in life.......god, family, friend, music, and love
thanks for the add Elena!
Haha glad you enjoyed it. Can we get retweet?
So when are you and Ricky Three Stacks meeting up for your celebratory circle jerk? Enjoy your 15 seconds.
fine sigh yes. I keep forgetting to make that cake your little sister made, it was so good
New ideas for #eyeworks: hoarders, my strange addiction, intervention, housewives of Amsterdam, biggest loser, plus-size brides
lets through it down.
And you're on vacation where other people live. What a crazy universe!
How do u put a video on twitter any takers? Do I have o have an app for it
If you all don't know who is, find out. He's probably going to be Mexico's new president come July.
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
OK, so we don't know what they do exactly, but we're delighted to be followed by - Latin American Willy Wonka candies??
Guys, Dally hates me.
where was your profile pic taken? PS your meatballs look delicious!
haha not really... I don't really think going to parties makes one any cooler
sing Stash sing!!!
Its too early for me so imma go sleep Good nite
come here baaabeeee.
see you in LA!
Let's go Hawks!
My whole body already knows it will be crazy sore tomorrow after today's workout with my trainer/partner Jermaine. Hurts so good!!!
. ...but "best" as a personal preference should be favorites. Films that encompass everything for *you*.
Yes my word today is PANCAKE:)
that show is gonna be sick
But give it some time, 'bout an hour or two, and will have drank so much, that you'll be drunk, too!
At Port Jeff Chrystler Dodge Jeep.. Ill be promoting here all weekend :)
follow back :D
lol ok then what kind
Fingers crossed for you, too!
*Her RT : his attitude tonight <
This lighting is crazy
Back to my internship today! Excited to be back in the office. :)
negative nellie. Your boy hung in there pretty well. Or did u swap him for Ackley?
well hello there we should get together sometime since I really only see you like once every two years.
the skinny red fox jumped past the boring dog.
that's deep on some real
I'm so hungry, its infuriating
Who he is following made me laugh. The guy may be good at baseball but his judgement sucks.
Another excellent reason for Miamians to stay in an air conditioned bubble from May to September
(The King story was eventually called: The Word Processor)
'everybody knows' is the
i know i was saying he probably ate both of them. i was being sarcastic
no one really had any ideas for me, so I think I might start my own.
hahaha this always cracks me up.
REMINDER: Hollywood Pitch fest on The Tonight Show tonight...Pitch to America segment.
Leaving home early, great day! :)
Diva. <U+2764> RT : oh, #JeffreeStar is trending worldwide??? *puts on lipgloss*
ah I never heard of them until this weekend and now they're everywhere!
Happy #ACBW2012! Any specials you know of?
I know, i know, but I realized I didn't #ff you and for that I apologize
thanks for the #FF homie! Have a mega-rad Friday :)
Yo momma so dumb she thinks the president supports the gays because he is one.
Glee is amazing tonight
We are now on Twitter. List us
Lord Of The Rings or Star Trek?
1. It was pretty funny thank you.
photo shoot with super hot model, Keyling Fernandez, and fashion foto pro Jason Maddox
Everything you say always makes sense :-)
Please follow my friend and advocate Certified Career Development Specialist. Check her out now and subscribe like I do!
Are there any Arianators or Jordanizers who live in South Jersey!
#LAStageTalks reviewing new work carries a different responsibility to the audience.
i am better understanding lost.... they are showing lost right now, but its almost over
Already had an animated discussion about emotional sermons in jamatkhana and we're not even in the car yet.
the treadmill's for queers
Ignoring the word. Off this -.-.
Mentions&Timeline= Dead.
Hi Mary Ann What's the best way to send you a business item at the OC Register? Do you have an email there? Thank you.
OMG I love the sun!!!
It's just this simple: I'm sorry Officer, if you don't have a warrant, you need to find someone else to speak to. Bounce, leave, jet...GO!
See? Atheist ain't so bad after all. We let it all hang out. :P
You're welcome, thank you for letting us resolve the issue rather than going elsewhere!
u got it mane.... #BallOut!!! Lol
I haven't been in the mood for new vids hun :(
just got home from mardi gras and damn its cold in indiana
& taking part in a milestone in the life of a "True Live Princess" 05/26/12. I can't wait! This is history!
#ThingsLongerThanThisBrewersCubsGame The time it took me to write my 5-pg paper for my TMJ4 internship...unfortunately.
&#9787; Protect your Liberty
I am sure about 3 of you do. The other 66, not so much.
Verified client's employee social security numbers the other day...guess who's was compromised? The owner! Someone is using it illegally!
The poo-flinging monkeys in the house are at it again. Now the pink eye has spread to the other eye. Crap.
search for a QA Manager
Great to meet you, Quinn, and look forward to that drupal tutorial!
Partying at a gay bar with a ton of republicans woop
Schools gonna suck tomorrow. Why...? Because I didnt get the stupid poems for elenis, that's why
i still love you tho... i'll eat for you okay?! Lmao
Boarding the last flight. Ready to be in Texas.
just saw a Red Bull car
Have you seen the Winslow's Home feature in the newest issue of Feast? Yum!
Gas was 19 cents a gallon. I could stand to have those prices on next West Texas road trip.
Making my way west from Cleveland to Seattle via American Airlines. Covered wagon would be more enjoyable--and possibly faster.
if you liked Man on Wire check out King of Kong. Equally spectacular doc. And for chrissakes watch Dark Knight.
You make an excellent point. Mini-Elvii (yes, that totally is the plural of Elvis) can make any situation better.
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:)
hope you got some cheesy crackers today!
Argh, yes, I would love this. Packed my son a lunch every day, and he still racked up quite the bill.
Twittering around when I need to rehearse. OK. Lots of new friends following. that's great ....rehearsal calls though ......
Thank you and for a great discussion!
We'll have to have our own rose party soon! :-)
Thank you princess! <U+2764> Besitos y abrazos.
Anyone else @ the #MissRepresentation screening? Look for the #RebelliousWoman buttons & say hey!
It ain't love that I feel for you, that spot is taken already but I like you
judging bar competition at Tobacco Road tomorrow, I better get some rest.
The more I change and grow. The more I want what I used to have. Only one way to get it.
#ThoughtsAtWalmart "I should have gone to Plato's Closet" lol
#GTFOH WITH THAT FOOLERY YOU TRYING TO PULL!!!
so excited I have a roommate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's was me, buddy. I figured mightiest well
Q2 Make sure you have lots and lots of hard drive space and a good relationship with the tech person. Fast computers help, too.
ya ya goodnight
I got tunnel vision for this Wendy's though. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
RT : Thank you SKC nation. Can't express how much you guys mean to us. We'll be back
howdy Emmett, how goes it tonight?
Use AEGIS Extreme II Resin when repairing windshields in COLD WEATHER! The thin viscosity easily fills the tightest cracks with your...
Working on the APUSH assignment when my mom calls to accuse me of "playing" instead of "working."
We have the Apple TV and Netflix. It didn't take us an hour to set ours up. I thought of adding a Roku box.
Thanks for asking! We plan to open by the end of 3rd quarter & will have more specifics as we get closer to that time frame.
it was this morning, future of libraries, super fun! Got to rub elbows with Maureen Sullivan! She said she'd hire any of us!
hey gorgeous! congrats on all of your success!
He sounded like a dying cat
an McFarlane action figure of u to u & get u 2 sign them & personalize them 4 me? Dont want 2 sell, just huge fan of u & da U
thank you thank you!
Can't wait to get to the to see the Food for Thought exhibit!
Anyone want to split MLB.TV with me this year?
Forget #rockstarteacher! I'm jumping over to 's
Clearwire Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Ya I'm on that rose but im not on that bulls shit
This is genuine. It's what it should be about RT RT : Kaskie: there is nothing cooler than good music
we saw it in the theater with my dad when it first came out -that was when I was little in #sanfrancisco we loved
“: Blessings & Happy Birthday... Robert Nesta Marley!”
Who would have thought that pink eye would be a cause for #accidentalinspiration ?
I honestly need a new phone. My phone is SHIT. Complete SHIT. I am so done! Nformdhwlsbdn e
WE appreciate the follow Robert. WE followed back.
Red wings should pick up suter... And the brewers need to figure something out fast.
What would I give if I could live out of these waters? What would I pay to spend a day warm on the sand?
they could do the female "dumb and dumber" with that car!
Back from school!!! Weekend yay!!!
listening to T.I What you know about that?
Its really #annoying when every other #word has #this in one #sentence. Take a Chillaxitive people
Where does the winner of the Strikeforce HW tournament rank?
Discussion of USF/ICC reform, Carol Mattey, Wireline Bureau FCC, giving overview.
We are busy, busy this month! Wine Supper at Pacific Coast Highway on the 14th and Happy Hour at Tatu 22nd! For more info/RSVP casabalt.org
I just wanted to say high-hanging.
Saw that too! They stopped to let me cross in front of them. Perhaps that was foolish on my part????
Thanks for the RT Have fun tonight with Pecha Kucha!
I just followed
aw thkz so wht u doing
Why are you talking about us? Stalkers...
no problem!
If you don't like your job hoe, QUIT!!!!!
Paco's is a proud sponsor of the Florida Collegiate Summer League. Diamond Dawgs v River Rats tonight 7p - Sanford www.floridaleague.com
Got my schedule for next year. #EastAngels ;) <U+2665>
Facilitating a 2-day day Career Transition Workshop for mid-life career changers.
“Often ask God for the grace to touch hearts.”
Got my ticket for the UK Legends game. Center court, lower arena! My awesome brother got them!!
Seriously considering driving to Brockport now and hopefully catch the end of Jack's/Big Sean. Anyone in?
#childhoodmemories Getting sexual excited from a simple body wash commercial.
#FF for my mock software license negotation last night with your law students. Hopefully they learned something.
Have a Super Sunday! Spread Love!
Everytime I hear "Can't Even Bait a Hook" by Justin Moore, I can't help but think that J.D. from Scrubs qualifies in every line.
hey how are you?
What is "hot gerl"?
Happy St. Paddy's Day weekend! What's your favorite watering hole for grabbing a green beer or any beer for that matter?
Great morning.
were used only for bad guys, meaning that they got in Colt's way, they "cornered" her, so they would eventually have to die...
Why am I up so early -_-
So I still have to get the hubbs an X-mas gift... Need Ideas!!!
It's 4/20? Happyy Birthdaay Lint-Licker! Even though we're cousins, we act like brother & sister. I love you! Don't get to crazy tonight!
I'm so out of it today... I just wish I was someone else :(
Difficulty, my brethren, is the nurse of greatness-a harsh nurse, who roughly rocks her foster-children into strength and athlet
Got pizza instead. You needed to know that.
granger is a bitch OJ bout gave it to him last year
OK, so we've been quiet here! Our page views per month are now over 800K and we have over 1M ad slots. Shouldn't you use one of them?
: I feel a real connection to the news (NPR, ABC, etc.) via Instagram than any other place. #cmgrchat cc:
Haha *put him down gently* *drops him* ahahag
Just signed up. I'm an intellectual elf (thought that was the closest to how I see myself in the mirror).
watching the baskeball wives then bad girls club!
'In 1906 one of the founders of the #ANC said history will tell of our race, this cry is relevant today,' Amb.Rasool
Party time! :P
Tonight is made for whiskey and living room dancing.
Watched both of TDs from last night over and over. Damn we need him back in cats gear but glad he's killing it
when is #cmworld? sounds fun
And if it's lik that than it's lik that
something big ill tell ya lata.
i WiSH THAT DERRiCK R0SE HAD A TWiTTER
- Game 7 action is intense !
that's the first time seeing Paulie, and that's exactly how I thought he would look like! Lol!
Thank you Citeh. I've finally seen a collapse that surpasses #Inter's in 2002.
<U+2640>It's never to late to start a new beginning<U+2640>
Ah, makes sense.
Starting pointe in June #excited <U+263A>
great article explaining the responsive design process - I forwarded it around our design and front-end department, thanks!
Thank You So Much, Have A Great Day ;-)
Having a box of Dunkaroos should be enough to make you realize you should probably be working out.
sounds good, hope the seachickens win. :)
We're super excited for tomorrow and hope to see you there! Check us out at table #35!
just thinking that.. what do they mean by sg?
We got extremely lucky. It's a tough business to work with. -Lloyd Banks
missed you too!
Colt 45 two zigzags baby dats all we need
if you are going to start an on line petition, why not petition for something that is actually going to work?
Always my favorite tool! RT Storify in real-time > RT : "Overheard at Dell Annual Analyst Conference 2012 #DAAC"
Thanks for following! :) Greatly appreciate YOU!
And to you, too!
We're getting killed in the house races. Quick! Everyone go vote a second time!
pues casii casii! Y lo dices just because you're the one that's loosing all this weight -__-
I KNOW !! I pre ordered i can't wait to get it ! & it leaked online so u can already hear it !
if u want the tix let me know asap. Would have 2 get it done today.
Great job today guys! Don't forget tribal belly dance tomorrow at 4:30 visit www.rhythmastudios.com!
Two-dollar Tuesday ! Come get any drink for just two bucks!
this is really painful to watch
That was the saddest debate that I've ever seen.
Every lesson forms a new scar.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves....To much to even describe.
LOVE beauty #news and #giveaways. Must follow #ladies. I love a good #beauty tip
It's a good day to paint
#DTWS Starts soon, my first year watching. Break a leg , you're braver than me lol Sure you'll do great! #nervous&anticpating
I just don't like being an anti-semite
RT : Alex Oriakhi will spend the final yr of his college career at Miz.Tigers will make noise in their first SEC season.-haHa!
RT RT All plastics will leach out some chemicals into the food, water and air. Never, never, cook in any plastic in a microwave
Ur so annoying leave alone god
Ooooohhhhhh man. That was a bomb! Raaaauuuullll!
My thoughts exactly, Jenna.
Even though he did the intro he didn't do Bud's ending choosing a cutsie one instead. 5 yard penalty.
Why am I not sleeping? ._.
followed back :)
Gettin my nails did !
« Bout to turn bbq up w/ my bros nd »
27 days till my 16th birthday :)
thanks for the follow. I look forward to your inspiration
Williams hits two free throws and then #UMass forces inbound turnover. #Stanford leads 46-45, 3rd time #UMass has cut it to 1.
I hope everyone's Halloween weekend is going great so far?!?
Ha! RT THANK YOU for this video, | "Ravens fan freaking out" youtu.be/0-kCQMDpSVE
Thinking why I am up and not sleeping. Its so quiet dark n peaceful at early dawn..
Morning workout. Best way to start the day!
VAMPIRE DIARIES PRETTY GOOD SHOW ,
so freaking cute. I want to come and visit. Will u guys he at Scottsdale Art Festival tomorrow?
Just tapped, another fresh keg of Port Brewing Hop 15. It's an awesome BIG 10% Imperial IPA.
The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store
To enjoy all that MKE has to offer while using some great deals via text message! We're definitely adding those tacos to...
#Commercial #Lenders now have a place to have #Environmental companies bid on jobs. Join yourPTS.com and receive a 15% #discount on reports
hey baby where you at boy?????
Thanks for the follow. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
RT #Virgo females have the best muffins. You cant help but lick'em!
Hurricane DOMO!! u silly.....
Who liked my new pic profile? #RT #Drakesters :D
#SinceLastFlyersCup Paul Molitor, Don Mattingly, Wade Boggs, and Walter Payton all played in their first MLB or NFL game.
THEN YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME!<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Go Craw Daddy! #sfgiants are $
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday.
I've already seen 2 limos this morning haha
And rumor has it she ain't got your love anymore.
So a young Romney can traumatize his peers but an even younger Obama can't eat exotic foods?
Lot of people thanking Fox but really you need to thank Warner Bros which is probably totally eating it on the license fee.
Ball so hard got a broken clock..
I will miss them so much.
Whatachicken bites YUM!!!
for example, your brother <3
Check out the fall edition of APSCUs Link Mag highlighting LT Auto mechanic brings services to customer locations dlvr.it/jN153
Race recovery plan: Korean food with friends, dancing til my legs give way.
thank you :)
hey follow if you don't already, they have daily deals
More Electrical parts will be added to our online store this weekend. Harley Davidson Break Lines & more motorcycle items will b added soon.
Pave paradise..put up a parking lot. Yup.
i know right!?
ah start ur day right by comin to mp and mic has been taken of radio geez
Same here in WL
Braun: "I truly believe in my heart, and I would bet my life that this substance never entered by body at any point."
I'll be so happy to get back on a Mac. It's been a few years, and I miss having a computer do things I want it to without it throwing fits.
eh, according to who/what? Like Nas said, never on schedule but always on time.
Google Hangouts starting to get creative e.g. teaching, tutoring, consulting, coaching and on and on via
FUCK THEM! And kks, I'm just getting ready and I'll be right there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#Random but is one of my favorite country singers.
phone was dead all day, so shout to my followers who texted me, my bad!
Private TEA cupping tonight! 1st flush Darjeelings 2011~ Now must pick my 6 favorite cups from 100.
Senate voted 94-1 to move forward on repeal of 3% withholding. Final vote will be complicated, but should come before end of the week...
Get it...I just got my workout in!
yeah! :) do you sing?
Pumped. Gonna be awesome! We're going to have to make these kids do some drills... see you tomorrow. (P.S. OKC indeed!)
RT : It's not your job to let Tim Tebow know that God likes Eli Manning better. He'll figure that out soon enough on his own
I fuxkin feel like I'm going insane. More money more problems!
Is It Unethical To Use PLR? :: Alice Coaxum Online – Internet ...
Let's hope #24 is okay! Good racing !
Awesome let me kill it! RT God mod
The #bulls depress me. If Rose were healthy this would be a 3-0 series. Instead we may get bounced by an 8 seed.
RT : MOST IMPORTANT: know what your career goals are b4 starting job search. If you are vague, you will flounder.
Let's all remember September 11, 2001 and how it changed all our lives forever.
YOU STARTED WATCHING SHERLOCK THIS WEEK? ME, TOO!!!!
Wow im stupid. *deletes tweet*
How do authors like Meg Cabot and Stephen King release a book like, every four months? I do not understand.
If You got some Good pussy say...... *waits for replies*
the hungriest ive ever been
Hey hey hey how r u? Thanks so much!!!!
soo, 100 questions and I only missed one...DAMN YOU ONE QUESTION!!
#raw10 i remember i would buy $250 worth of fireworks. now i buy a package of sparklers from the 99c store
Is it wrong to give your dog the "bowl" cut?
Saturday Morning Hangover Crew-----Follow -->
that's why yo cookie stank<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just dropped it like it was hot. Oh wait, it's still 80 degrees.
Assume I have until Nov 15 to decide whether to keep the #kindlefire I ordered, or scalp on eBay 2 pay 4 college. Those r my options, right?
I guess ill see you next lifetime.
Not sure about that - I'm far from an expert and feel like I've spent much more time on the golf course :)
It's about that time, LUNCH time! Come celebrate Meat Lover's Wednesday with us! 1 lb. of meat for only $9.99!
Front Desk Thurs Nite: Closing down the joint, going home to enjoy midnight sun gardening. W/ copious amounts of bug spray.
Your a 6 grader stop getting in our drama and stop giving us the bitchy looks.
good morning Joe
Watching #missrepresentation with what a fantastic movie and empowering message!
Don't mess up something that's down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
lml i seen peters cousin in walmart haha
i see you puttin in work patna. lets link up doe, where you been at
Agreed! RT Suggested a siesta at work, you know, to keep it to mexican traditions.
aw thx! RT hearing u is like winning the loto every single day
My loves like a star
No but he can sing verses in Basque
The next two days will involve me catching up and doing homework, applying to jobs and internships, trying to get fit...... and MW3!
Gotta love early dismissal days! RT : monicals is poppin with BB kids today
Havin a day off, cleaning up the apartment, and waitin on maintence
Woke up to a rolled blunt
or, he might be horny
she....is....an...old...friend...lol, nothing to impress...you attacked not 1, but 2 of my good friends, i WILL have their back
Come in today at get a quick lunch and great value! We now offer five lunches including a drink for under $8.99.
I know I put a t-shirt on everyday but on May 4th I'm def. going to put one on and tell everyone!
People who let their anger out on others <<<
Thanks for the follow! Speak to you soon.
HELL NO!!
Just wrapped up open Q&A -- students and university leaders now exchanging ideas at topic-based roundtables.
reticence is to speech as reluctance is to action
Had a Skype date w/ some of my baby Gauchos, since I was their Santa Barbara mom... Nothing from or Brat kids.
Having a great time with the amish!
Where you at?
Best workout since getting my cast off today!! Definitely not where I was yet but, for the first time, I can feel it coming back and it...
Two cat pile-up!
bye sweet dreams :)
Hot dogs and cherry soda. Please pray for the Tracy Porter of the Saints. Just hauled him off on a stretcher. Game resumes
you too girl
hell yea when you high too..
how's your pup? I need to bring Teeto by this week to play.
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at. -Bruce Lee
Chef reg guest speaker on Radio. Our speaker, Southeast Asian Demo -Chefs Confluence Conference
Hiring for new locations this year from North City to Ramona and beyond. Management candidate meet & greet
Is your home leaving you red in the face? We'll change it! You'll feel great with a new paint job
then sign up for THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract to the winner
Last week's online voting winners: Mrs. PA Int'l-Kimberly McLendon, Miss Haiti Int'l-Hermanie Pierre & Miss Teen NV Int'l-Courtney Critz!
Today in botany is not gonna work if mileyto doesnt calm down.
Calling all mothers! Relax this Mother's Day with a FREE Spa treatment! Send us your fave photo of Mom&Me & enter to win! Pls use #FS4Moms!
Thank you :)
eye wanna be just like ladyjade without the feminem features
Godfather of the Bride
Just make sure you write every day. It's the hardest part, but it let's me get work done and drafts out.
wat u on jo
what kind of performer? x
yay but for real can I have one! I'll buy it from you!!
now that it's the final countdown... yes lol
cant wait for friends 18th birthday goin to give him a bday present he will never forget
office temp today: a "crisp" 76.1.
Hey, thank YOU! If you'd like to extend coupons to smartphone users, please let me know.
Yup. Austin is SINGLE. <U+2665>
RT : "Remember that making your mark on the world is hard. It takes patience. It takes commitment."
Snacks! (@ walmart)
As far as east-west routes go, Saratoga and Baltimore Streets are the ones I usually use. Never biked in Owings Mills, so dunno
I have PMS and GPS. Meaning... I'm a BITCH and I WILL find you! ;)
Had a bad day, but then a mentally handicapped man shouted at me "Hey sister! Smile! I love you!" I think that just made my day.
Step back from the mic!!!
Thanks for the follow! (:
Understandable plus in most cases I watch shows until the end as well
You choose what you talk about. This has nothing to do with them doing their job. It's the joke you do with your that is issue
what have you been texting recently?!
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot.
You can, however, change the politics
RT" : Non bilingual people <<<<<<<" well goddamn
Chilling with my old Nigerian friend Haven't seen him in forever!
What does the Security industry lack the most? Professionalism and training.
Cheers! : Hubby and I should get married again so we could sign up for Would have loved that more than a toaster!
whod the vols play last? Vandy? Yeah great win for the vols, and they still almost lost
"Its your own life live it for yourself" -NFG
what u get?
hope you all have an amazing day!
lol !!!! I shaved one of my babies heads colored her hair red and Made her eyes red, she was satin Barbie :)
one that big fat & got corns & bunions
Just got a nook. Any recs for books i should purchase? Novels?
. They're the #happiestpeopleonearth in many rankings. #puravida is more than a catchphrase; it's a philosophy
Was it Dyson's speed that kept Paulie at first or was it Paulie's speed?
I truly don't understand how intelligent people ride metra regularly: they're a textbook example of inefficiency in so many ways.
Agree! RT : It comes down to content. If people find your info/opinions/humor relevant to them, they don't count posts.
who isn't following ? Better start now :)
I followed your friend(:
Now what will the day bring?
trying to stay awake and grade and practice my endless summer routine
If you have yet to visit this great city, you are missing a great deal in your life.
..... OK where do I get a Cheesehead TV tee shirt like that one?
cool my dance teacher is amazing she teaches us hip hop theater dancing its really fun
Pikachu was my favorite Pokemon! He was so cute! A little protector
I would bring my Dad with me to the game. He has done so much for me and taught me how to be a die hard Broncos fan always!
The last International Night album is up! Now buckle up for PLAY!
Follow Me Please!? 66
Watching Victoria's Secret Fashion Show practicing my runway walk
Displaying SQL data in a dataGrid with C# has been my focus for the last few weeks. I can do it in my sleep. Now I want to learn how to bui…
we are best friends :)
RT : "It's the cool kids' club!" Myla Skinner on
you guys did have the best wedding ever!!
Why are some of you so angry at me? I love all people.....well....all people who are like me. That is not a high number.
Hm.. since i cancelled a wee shopping trip today my mum made me do online shopping, well in! lol!.
Have a great day!
so close. So very close. Feeling crushed.
Angel and Demons is on. Obi Wan is everywhere!
Just curious, what would you put in a toolkit for an active citizenry?
Guy I was on the radio with for a short time. He's been a member/reader of BCB, too.
thats how i am..-- never take these LITTLE BOYS serious.. i dislike wasting time..
I take it this is Hawai'i Talk RT Mele Kalikimaka :) everyone <3 you all!!
Yes, I'm feelin' you. We' ve got to make a date for SF SOON and make it stick! Hope you're having a swell day. Love You!
Julia told me that Brittany was feeling like she was going to throw up. I never talked to her.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 12
West Virginia is one backward place!!! Sitting at Quaker Steak & Lube and scared shitless
Words lens app! Amazing!
Newly acquired #Isles D Yuri Alexandrov will remain in Russia for now according to #Isles sources
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there. We are all blessed to have you around. Have a great day.
Today was my first visit to an Apple store. I was AMAZED at the number of employees working!
Healthcare.gov a great site, impressed. Good info on healthcare changes (for the government that is). I bet it cost a billion to make.
Thank you for following us!We appreciate it!
Listening to as I write more chapters in my book!!!
just discovered your device yesterday. Best thing I've seen in a long time. Keep up the great work!
I think also allows you to save PDFs from markdown without LaTeX
tell keno I said happy birthday and I love him haha!
Forest Gump: "I just felt like running." Amen Forest. Amen.
Now reading China Mieville's THE SCAR. It's wonderful to have a novel I can't wait to pick up each day.
Please enter my life!
Crafty Underdog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This Sunday Sunday Sunday!! The Mission Theater PDX! Check it out!!!! XO
Thanks for including me in your wine quiz, ! That was lots of fun.
It's ' first day as head commercial agent for Avalon Artists. Do you think they'll pull a Cole Hamels on her?
Gonna mow that weedy postage stamp of a "lawn" now. Then going to Home Depot. Happy Father's Day to me!
GO GREEN! GO WHITE! chant so loud you can't hear the analysts!!!
RT : Aww shucks. Thanks, Pam & Josh. Was really a lot of fun. I'll send you guys an email. :)
yeah, we took it to get fixed today so we are good.
#franklin&bash
A friend is starting a clothing line and looking for a web designer. Do you have examples of work? Happy to connect you.
Help us welcome our new followers & TY!
Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my "traditional" one? A: Its no longer yr exclusive privilege
We concur! RT : Big beard guy RT Who's the best bartender in Chicago? Vote for your favorite
It probably wouldn't have effected the outcome, but you can't help but wonder how it would have been different w/ #Giroux in there.
Thanks for the RT!
OMG! Justin I <3 u so much! Belieber from beginning till the end! Happy birthday! Plz follow or tweet me back!
Lol me and india silly .
As much as I THOUGHT letting Chandler walk was right, im TIRED of bein ABUSED by opposing CENTERS!
In your case, yes.
haha I couldn't find her one day and then I remembered her hiding place.. Only to find it had been moved to Cole's play room!
Everything I like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
Listening to John Mayer in my bed...so relaxing
is saving the night again! too sunburned to move, let alone cook.
Embarrassing situation. I guess we better start hoping for better things next season :-)
Lol. Leg workouts and travel. I was otherwise celibate. :)
neither do i! and yeah! dude, we needa be on the big stage(; haha we wouldnt have this problem
RT Sing like no one is listening.....Dance like no one is watching.....Love like you've never been hurt;-)
RT if you love roller coasters
I love her on Glee: Jane Lynch appearing at the Herbst Theatre this Sunday (11/20 – 7pm)
hey boo!! We're fine! How about you?
ah love college football.....
News flash Fremantle are more frustrating than angry birds level ten.
Thousands of stars are in the sky but you are the one in front of my eyes.
Long island iced tea? “: it's not coffee”
Just got Henry Brant's Textures and Timbres. One of the most interesting orchestration texts I've come across.
come visit me in Lamont after grand election I have moved from the 2000's to the 90's
driving from MSN to appleton with and The Bucks beating up the Face on TheBig1070
didn't you tweet wishing you were qualified for venture!!? I guess your wish came true. Congrats
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.
thanks to everybody who tuned in for our #Exchange20 w/kids from & #Zimbabwe earlier...stay tuned for vid from
#EI2011 Person centered teaching and learning are key to purposeful engagement
I have never had an arts and crafts assignment, Im not in pre-school
I really like Tripoli. It doesn't have the limits of grids, but is more so an extensive reset.
CHECK IT OUT....MUSIC CHOICE PACKAGE..MUSIC VIDEO-FULL PAGE -photoshoot-5k FLYERS..4 LIFE SIZE POSTERS..ALL FOR $950. DM ME FOR DETAILS!!
PRE GAME CELEBRATION TOMORROW :00 PM THIRSTY-LION PUB. PRIZES ALONG WITH NO-HOST HAPPY HOUR PRICES. SEE YOU THERE!
Well I guess we'll have to settle this conference kerfluffle in my preferred manner: fisticuffs.
officially hates working in a Green bldg-Bad enough to be working on a Sat night, worse when its in the dark bc the lights keep shutting off
(in my nicki minaj voice) MANNING ELI!!!
Yikes! What did you leave behind?
I love my president. I can't wait to vote for him again.
one q. pass for bloggers is that strict to bloggers or sites?
no stupid question. It means now playing
Ferriero: ERM systems needed to be scalable and ensure access for American people.
can i please have a #FF shoutout?! i love u!! <3 xo
naa i'll be w u on the 25 in st simons;)!
u in town?
looks like we have to get the replay
Amazing! How technology has changed the world.
Anybody know where you can rent a bus in Fort Wayne? Helping to put together a symposium with bus tours in Sept. Thanks!
On beer No. 3, and it's 5:30. I love Saturdays.
i have the sudden urge to watch all of the lord of the rings movies.
Music is what feelings sound like.
there are currently 196,#countries in the #world.... name the next Four?
Walking thru spider webs in the dark ain't no joke.
heya- just saying hi-hope you had fun here
Learning about the history of ancient pictographs around the world. Think of it as Ancient Art History 101.
always a tough question. It depends on what stage your business is in, and how much money u have saved. Have u seen JFDI article?
& I hope you two school kids are studying for your exams :-)
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also creating a picture of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
“: Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted. -Matthew 5:4”
Okay I start crying when I see lightning.. Like I'm terrified.... I start shaking.
Soccer: MatchDay LIVE - Goals, updates and chat MatchDay LIVE - April 9
Thank you, Dr. Cheryl! I hope you find something interesting at at my Blog Site. Have a great day!
I kinda wanna send a bunch of youtube video's to TWIST of Greyson sining Take a Look at me Now..
dear Pankti, your. icon. is. gorgeous. (:
#amwriting have found the courage to get back on the #queries horse. so grateful for the inspiration & support of fellow (& sister) writers!
Come on you blue boys,
My friends acutally read my posts? Wow, surprice.
Sort of similar, when I do staff aug it's been generally positive. But I also think those clients were predisposed to collaboration.
"If people knew how much fun smart people actually had, they would stop acting so damn stupid." -Evelyn K. Lemar
RT "Its nothing wrong giving head. The problem is sucking everybody dick & not caring..bitch learn to close ur mouth.." LMAO
This nigga on my TL look like a gay girl Smh
MIAMI @ DALLAS ON X-MAS, MIAMI CRUSHED DALLAS
WIN!!! That's my favorite show right now
He seriously is deserving of being on the same level as Perry, Spears, Ke$ha, Bieber, Gaga. He is amazing.
Congratulations, Brynn. Welcome! If you have any questions, let us know!
You should totally read it! Get on that!
Their is so much hanging in the balance. It's a lot of questions that need answers in my life...
You're weird. Ha. :) RT I just cracked my neck in such a way, I thought my head was going to pop off my shoulders.
Thanks guys for working to get the #Apple stream going.
way to hold my interest!: this hands-on training is asking questions about brownies -yum!- that we are answering w/ clickers.
Heard Dick Clark died, first thought... Winder who had him in the
Oh I forgot ... #NYC #KNICKS vs. #MIAMI #HEAT tonight .... I want the Knicks to win to make the series interesting . . .
I'd love it if you could find info on Constance Fuller Howes the architect she was way ahead of her time !
1 session left. I'm walking by the river and hoping to get snakebit so I can say I got snakebit at a library conference. I know what's cool.
I do everything at 100%.....It's more like a club for me. Once you join your in.....
Come join #1634Society in Sellinger Lounge to make a birthday wish for #Georgetown and eat free cake!
About to go waste away at lifetime
Get well soon, Mr. Caine!!!
if you aren't around early you won't be there late
MUSIC MAKES ME HIGH
QoTD: "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." (Wayne Dyer)
Thank you NYC, Miriam, Billy and Norton for such a great time! It was too much fun. Amazing bands and lots of time hanging with friends!!!
I think you win! ha
3 tweets and 5 followers.... Alex you need to step your tweet game up.
Cold rainy nights like these remind me of running the streets back on 63rd. Except now my Mom doesn't need to pick me up from 8th district!
"I read because 1° of these days I’m going° to get out of this° town, ..., and I want° to be ready.” –Richard Peck, author°, Mexico, °1990
A whole weekend off? What's that like?
I hate Justin Bieber and always will.
C.S. Peirce refers to protoplasm as "life slime." I love my job.
I know if my bro knew how to spell a lot of things he would have war games and dating apps. Thank god I have a password!
another day, another thesis statement
Wellington Call Me Maybe ? Saw you twice this year !! <3 you guys 469 233 0512
Over 3,000 changes to fed tax law since 2000
Or zero sided - we don't know jack about T-Dawg, or any of Hershel's people. Still a good show overall, though.
I could listen to talk all day lol!
Completely exhausted but so happy. 12-hour workday FTW.
for President! By far the best candidate for the Wig Party
Sorry to not give you an all-in-one answer on this single page but it really is an extensive topic
Happy New Year! Thanks and am following u and all your wisdom in 2012!
Cornelius Tacitus~ That cannot be safe which is not honorable.
assuming it was preplanned, don't have the answer, sorry.
Good news, J!
Oops LAN is not keynote speaker just wanted to address us on VDOE resources.
dsLOL? whaaaaaaaaaaattt?! *what in a high pitch*
u shouldn't be waiting on anyone, gorgeous one
for #leepdrinktweet #socialsakesession !!! What better night is there than free sake??! Darn good food to wash it down too ha
Done with prom hair for the day! She looked beautiful and I am proud :)
I'll never get used to this aspect of being a parent: I'm the Easter bunny.
Yo Romey. Caught the premier last night, nice job like usual. Set looks great, graphics look slick, and u did what u do player
Happy 318th anniversary, College of William & Mary!
Yes. Speaking of "Indy", what are the thoughts on the race this year?
Feeling like the Greek government at work today. Fading.....z
Russian lady said, "this will be unpleasant" while working on my filling. I must say, she was correct.
seriously tho, Disco will never die!
late to the convo it drives me nuts that the gov has a say in what people are. Between this & NC new law I am so frust.
Welcome! SepiaTown is user-built. If you don't see your town here, contact your local archive, and tell them about us.
i know exactly the feeling, me and my assistant Hana we are the same, although she's more like my boss
new imports make her feel important
i'm always on twitter dood. i just never use it.
Sure, Billy Crystal has failed to be funny for almost 40 years, but maybe this is his year? #Oscars2012 (PS, it won't be).
Werd! I really hoped, almost expected, he'd recover RT : Heart breaking.
She posted the announcement herself, so I have to assume so. You could also comment on it on our site if email fails!
My brother and his friends are over and they're annoying right now -.-
I'm DANCING w/ The STARS.. You CAN'T SEE ME..
Happy mothers day you raised a great son :)
Wizards of Waverly Place
Sitting on my patio watching the Celts playing catch up to the Hawks. Absolutely beautiful day. Church was incredible. Pastor G rocked it.
But of course! They're squirmy little things. (Babes in untero *and* thoughts!) :D
Good morning!!!!!
and i love how freakin weird you are c:
Quit tweeting and clean the house, pledge. RT : The only fraternity name I can ever remember how to pronounce is Douch Baga Baga.
which makes no sense..more community gardens would be good I suppose
Step 10: Setting up Personal Learning Env. #PLE Done: will show my friend use of newsreader/twitter/synthesis learning acceleration cycle
Today's starting pitcher matchup is Trinity's Austin Warner ( ) vs. St. Xavier's Matt Lasley.
Communicate your ideas as concisely as possible. You hold audience attention while showing your confidence and full grasp your idea.
Happy Holidays
Ugh what is this cluster fuck of traffic trying to get back into mke. Prob should tweet n drive
: To satisfy our customers' needs, we'll give them what they want, not what we want to give them. - Steve James
"Monroe Bisque # (HC-26) is by far the richest, coolest and natural for my colorful Mom's small classic style.
Bored at work sumbdy Vox me
When "The Pick of Destiny" was released, it was a bomb.
we went to a club (; hahaha and on Friday the party
Remember back when we were so close Remember when we had all of this Although we aren't close anymore I will always remember you
legit something I would do
Yeah for once I'm glad US carriers will have a say in the final designs so that we don't get the exact same phone.
huh-what?!
I'm bored uh
I'm reading in Phillie in late April if you want to take a trip?
Watching Phat Jesus figure out a bassline from a random song on tv and killing it
No!!!! Dammit better luck next year red wings...smh
¡Gracias, for helping us spread the word!
"An accessory is not just an accessory. It is a a piece of iconography used to express individual identity." :) Thank you for all the love!
ha sounded like a better idea last night. Drunk tweeting is the drunk dial of the future
Hey, folks! If you had to pick an author to blurb a work of literary horror, who would you choose? Is it someone you know? Tell me!
Girl! I didn't know you had a twitter!
yea ikr but this girl keep saying she got vip...but i think they only sold some and gonna sell the rest 2ma
RT : scout bar tonight....throwing beer on everyone.stay away from the booth
hey sis hope all is well ur way! Follow me back Stay amazing by the way....!
I totally fell for it.. acres of underground shopping and more stores added weekly. Was that Q102 or WEBN?
Out of Raven dollars? That's okay! We'll pay YOU...with good music from & Two Cities. Happening tonight See you here!
Be a rebel...<3
Well my vacation is coming to an end, had a great day yesterday. Back to work tomorrow really don't want to go back, it's been fun later!!!!
Teixeira need a big hit like yesterday..
That anti-birth control video from earlier makes me want to go blast Indigo Girls in front of a Lutheran (MO Synod) church.
Checked my alarm 3 times, I think it's set
RT "3rd Ward" BX on a serious mission #TO WIN Salute to SEE ME WORK
Awesome idea for an #indie film - we're definitely funding this venture! ;) cc:
packed me a lunch of chicken salad she made, a banana, pretzels and some cheese bunnies.
where does cory wade fit into yankees bullpen/closer role?
hell yeah! He made the movie. Im still laughing at him!
bummer, unfortunately I don't think so. I'm flying out early tomorrow morning & moving my things to ATX as soon as I get back..
Haha I guess you're right... :)
Traffic jam at Radnor Lake!
organized 4+ years of jewelry supplies into two big, compartmentalized boxes. what a nerdy, satisfying victory.
Show tomorrow night at Triumph Brewing Co on 2nd and Chestnut. It's a stoplight party!
i was just about to ask you...that would be awesome! pretty please?
RT : My first tweet from the town hall meeting!
Napping on the couch. I love saturdays <3
Session 1 - Life Narrative - What is a fact? Theorizing and representing biography.
thats what I wanna know
What up, Paul? cc:
We should be all right then, because some politicians are working hard to push us back to those eras.
Tom is a genius! Itunes University also has Wendy Brown's political theory lectures for FREE! She's probably the best lecturer alive.
haha funny...and thank you
Simba went back home (:
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
is a predator posing as a houseguest.
Omg these walls are thin!
so frustrated with black folks who try to police the borders of blackness
My coworker will be in touch with you... if she hasn't been already. Thanks!
Good Morning! I would love to know what I can do to help you with your book. What do you need?
sounded good to me..lol
I want to put a quote from a song on my wall and I wanted to ask you guys for suggestions. What quotnO6VyY
Audit sampling is not only boring but also confusing. I can never pass the CPA exam with the rate that I am going...
Let the holidays start ohh yeah we love them here in the offices!
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time!!!
plz follow me on face book if you have one my name is lesly lysolspray valencia just tell me u sent me a friend reqest
Hm, so the sellers want to give my client an offer. This will be very interesting!
Actually, I have to finish it in two days or the library book disappears from my Nook! Talk about pressure. 650 down, 350 to go.
Life altering and very scary. And they need to stop replaying it.
you can add a pic and bio info too :) I went to #twitterbash and learned all about it :) now I'm having much fun!
That last tweet was a sweet pipe organ that I recorded today. It was sweet.
Adding to my list of new books to buy. Any must-haves?
Checkout the BIG BIZ show www.thebigbizshow.com broadcasting from the WaZillo Studios.....
#truthis im handsome, sexy & cute
Thank you! I'm super excited to be here!
2 good fights..
On this day in 1839, Louis Daguerre's studio burned down while he was meeting with Samuel Morse to see a demonstration of the telegraph.
"As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands; one for helping yourself and one for helping others."
I met my #job search goal today - did you? www.JobHuntsman.WordPress.com
awesome! glad to hear it =] I've been good too, just super busy!
Netflix has gotten greedy ... Announced second price increase in several months. Now $18 a month for dvds and streaming .. was $12
the one time I'm not at work....
a little bit better..
Fox & Hound Friday Night!
Just finished the presentation at WEIMS'09. Steps on the Journey to Accessibility, wen't quite well. Whew
Memories are sometimes forgoton? J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
loving this product! Looking forward to a time when kinks are worked out and I don't get error messages/have issues saving
A 1998 PIMS study showed that increased marketing spending during the last recession achieved an average return on capital employed of 4.3%
wassup twitter ohh i missed twitter!!!! :D
We'll be chatting it up in about 20 minutes so make sure you stop by and ask a question or two if you want.
I think the weatherman has discovered a future bestselling sci-fi author.
Thanks for the RT and your kind comment. Hope you're well. I'm wishing I had a salt lick sized happy pill at the mment.
Just switched from Firefox to Chrome....wowowwowowowowowow!!!!
It was the secrets of heaven and earth that I desired to learn. ~ Frankenstein #MarchMad(scientist)ness
Be an April Fool at Lottie's Lounge today! We'll hit you w/ deliciousness on all sides and that's no joke.
I was scared to touch the money she gave me because I was afraid her b.o would transfer from the money to me .
Thanks for the follow back! Hope you've had a great weekend!
March is comin in like a lion
Man I'm so Cleveland, it's a god damn shame.
On way to NYC for daughter's PhD graduation (Rutgers--history), meetings with Norm Brodsky, and meetings at Inc.
Obama Wins!
who killed Rosie Larson? Spending my Friday catching up.
Good morning Madd we another day closer to fulfilling our dreams
Merry Christmas!!!! Hope everybody got what they wanted!!! unless your a sex offender or something like that!
gunna go to chatroulette with shannon cause were bored.
=) those are the best nights lol
Just vacation and a wedding... I can't wait to get away! :)
I agree
SO UPSET. No more running or stairs for me :(
agree - can't imagine what some book groups will make of it - but then there are many adult women who love, love TWILIGHT
Celebrating favorable employment gains frightened insider, , puts #Florida taxpayers on the hook for a new shrine.
Ah gotcha! Looking forward to checking it out!
Oh no wtf please don't lose on freethrows
RT : free kids tree climb Saturday at Arsenal Park during Tree Climbing competition.
Did you know old people dont get cold according I my mom
Great week planned with a new addition to our Sales Team. We also have a trip to Delta area of Arkansas to meet with a firm there.
Hey Christian—Did you get my email about highlighting some of your work w/Frank in my next book? Please email/DM me if you can…
RT : Unfortunately at no point during my workday does anyone ever have cause to shout my name and then toss me a sword.
He whom love touches not walks in darkness. ---- Plato
Okay, my web host is back up since last night, email backlog is slowly processing. Now getting messages from 1-2 days ago. Yay!
Am I supposed to be happy, when all I ever wanted, it comes with a price. You said that You would die for me, you must live for me 2..
lmaoo I wouldn't even know myself
I want snoww! It makes everything Jolly! :)<3 lol
Just spilled water on 's iPad, new book, and my immigration paperwork. Mondays are always a bitch.
I'm game to try swiss lamb in wine and cream sauce no matter what the season. :-)
you are so right,but keeping the spark lit....priceless
Who knows. Maybe Underwood refused to play in the secondary so Bill cut him for not buying into the #Patriots Way.
#toobigtofail is the scariest movie I've ever seen. The global economy in the hands of bureaucrats & CEOs only looking to maximize profits.
me and the bestfriend are very excited for next week !! Teehee
in the name of Jesus
Silversun Pickups' album has been out for 6 days and I still don't have it -_-
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: 30% of homosexuals live like Queer as Folk. The other 70% live like The Golden Girls.
Literary fiction, and 7000 word limit.
I was awake. Lol just working but thanks for the compliment!
--- Does someone have the download link for Icarus please? :)
my pleasure ... keep me updated!!
Actually having a semi good day. So all the people who bitch about my tweet here ya go.
That awkward moment when you begin putting on your shoes and then realize you haven't put on your pants yet . . .
I don't sleep I rest, then I live my life like its golden as tho I had 7 hours of sleep when in actuality I'm just perking offa a power nap.
happy birthday!!
TODAY IS A FAMILY DAY! LOVIN THE.FACTD I JUST HOPE MY "MOTHER" DNT LEAVE ME LIKE THE OTHER TIMES :'( MERRT CHRISTMAS TO ALL! LOVE ANGIE!!
McKnight not making the Pro Bowl is a #disgrace. That's why the whole thing is
Love you girl!!!! Def missed you RT : So good to see today!
I hope my family and friends come to find #peace with there struggles in their lives right now
that's not a good look.
I'm really curious to see how it would work. I think im 60% serious.
Can't wait to hear from ole Merton tomorrow with Andrew after the ass kicking they just took on national TV.
#ItsSadHow People say 'Hate' is a strong word but throw 'Love' around like its nothing..
I will never ever have children I came to the conclusion.
Any other unhappy customers out there today? They're 0 for 2 for my mom. Bottom line: don't use
No problem, but now I know to leave spoiled milk in the fridge next time I go on vacation.
follow back? ;)
u cn only c my ponytail short stuff
150 followers !!! yeaaaayaa! Your love is kind :) Thank You!
too many rappers huh? So are you an MC or a rapper? BTW I'm
Wishing was here for gocarts w/ me, & #twitterlesstrav!
At #140cuse social media conference with and a host of others.
Alabama gear screams date rapist!
why didn't u tell me? I would have gone!!
Family health issues. Breathe, breathe, breathe.
Ed McMahon, who gained fame as Johnny Carson's sidekick on "The Tonight Show," has died, his representative says.
"Hey! Don't pack up yet! We still have 27 seconds left of class!"<---the fudge is wrong with you? -______-
Damn .... I absolutely LOVE the new #Maryland uniforms .... if you HATE 'em you don't understand marketing.
awesome , have a great weekend :)
ok follow me back
I wish I had Netflix. :c
what Huff needs to do is strap the rally thong back on or something like that. It's obviously impacting performance.
There be badgers here! Wisco versus Nebraska!
Day 55 of 100: I am thankful for the inspiration that comes from everyone - God, it's a warm day today!
Give thanks in the midst of your trouble. There's power in your praise. It can break open prison doors and cause your whole world to change!
Do some u have'nt done b 4
“: do you think jimmys is going to do a bus trip to ny next year for mania” I don't think I know
#Live every day as if it were your last.
The whole house is clean.
I'm really really good at just getting things done....having said that I'm also really really good at wasting time.
Just learned the Cuban expression "That was harder than driving backwards on I-95 at 6PM." That explains SO much about Miami traffic.
I can't wait to get my hands on (in) that stuff! You rock that hairstyle, Malia.
We want Kentucky,
Audience member asked when will we see apps for brand pages on G+. No answer from Google, but great question! #ISA3 (via )
pandora radio, beautiful day, pjs
Excited for Friday. Should be a great time.
Ok, dear announcers: no other city rallies around their team like Who Dats. Please just stop talking.
Don't believe he's a Christian!! Just by what he just came out and said! I don't agree with his views.
I want everyday and everytime with you.. xx
Thank you for the kind words and the RT
I think so too!!!! Just the fact they can be in there so cramped is crazy!
I feel resignation.
Missing you dad
You're most welcome :o)
hell, that would be funner than stayin in tha condo
Thank you, Rebecca! You are so awesome and SMART.
Working in our ING Cafe tomorrow in San Francisco. Excited that there is a motorcycle in the lobby.
Anyone got a match? I need to set fire to his beard.
Shoot did I spoil a secret? Too many inputs-beeps-clicks.
#MarkReynolds 4 walks AND a stolen base in today's game vs #RedSox?! Holy schmoly...
#HowToSurviveAHorrorMovie check your corners, have a weapon, and wait to have sex till after the murderer is dead
My mom just called me brabra omg smh.
If you had clean windows by Pristine Services you would know that its actually sunny outside! DM me for an estimate.
I want a shakespeare milkshake. A milkshakespeare
I was just interested. Our specialty is getting loans for those who cannot qualify elsewhere.
The home button on my iPhone is having its issues... No bueno
He doesn't wake up til about 7:30 so for 2 hours in the morning I have no one to talk to.
anna, how suprised are you with Lorena retirement?
haha ik:) and NOO that suck hmm i miss my little sister!
same, Romine needs to get better like right now
Jason Wu for Target collection hits stores this month. Thoughts on high end designers at stores like Target?
Looking forward to the possibility of brewing a Cal Common in the snow tomorrow morning. Seems strangely appropriate.
Actually, Alison Krauss has 27 Grammys. (I have to Google the right spelling every time I type her name.)
This Concert on the 27th will probably be the biggest show I will be ever hosting so definitely need all the support! Y'all know wassup
#BoosieTaughtMe No matter what my mama said , my daddy loved me .
For some reason my hair looks really cute today and feels super soft. Someone should touch it... or pull it. Wait, I mean...
We are gettin ready for the weekend! Hope you have great weekend from San Diego Treasure Box!
Just hit a birdie putt from 25ft on the hole. #56onthecard ()
Waiting patiently for Friday, thinking about firing up grill this weekend! :)
#WeWereCoolUntil you said you were not from Chihuahua ^_&
cc: MT : CASTING for Documentary. Seek teachers & principals of underfunded schools utilize Arts in their curriculum.
post-party unstoppable pantry, outside dinner!
Not even Suzanne Sommers could give a header like that with Three's Kompany.
Its finally Friday :D
only love is all maroon
#bout to hop in the lab wit the #mpte#prezent..I think I might lay sumthin down ..
S8ing along the boardwalk in Santa Cruz. What a wicked day it is!!!
Hotel evacuated. Good morning!
The wildcat is going to roar tonight for another easy win. Let's go Jazz. 3D Baseball Selections 2-0 so far. Let's make it 3, go METS.
Digging Gerald Clayton's album "Bond.". Not too over the top yet full of flavor
Hey ladies! Whats going on?
Is twitter for twatters
He won't be smiling for long if the Royals don't start winning consistently
Congrats to CB Richard Ellis on being named to the prestigious "Companies that Care" honor role for the 4th consecutive year!
Just spilled scalding water all down my leg and over the floor. Not sure what I'm more upset about-the burned skin or the wasted tea leaves.
so jealous!
At a new chapter in my life. Wife and I are looking towards our bright future and it feels good knowing we are on this adventure together.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Brea, happy birthday to you!
Prom is May 25th and i still dont have a dress
Mockbee this Saturday!
SomeDay Everyone will Join Twitter... Now Facebook Let's you FOLLOW People!
OMG WHAT IF I A TEENHOOT AHAH CANT WAIT <3
I just blow it all then she show it all (;
pool so you can tan you tanaholic lol
Just posted tips on online networking. Online networking is an excellent tool for promotion and branding.
times like these and times like those, what will be will be and so it goes ;)
Y have a phone if u aint finna answer
What's up peeps?
Tried to leave info, but only let me say trees on line. Trees cut it but didn't knock it down. Want to be sure it is not missed
Beautiful buck & doe... at emtrance to Mopac S. at Steck. They shouldn't be there!
GO #TEAMXTINA I love you girls! <U+2764>
I wish my mom and dad could just stay together and be happy, but no. It's all ending with a divorce. Fml.
haha. we're having a discussion at the museum; i'm just tweeting everyone's thoughts. feel free to respond though :)
Super sleepy but I can't fall asleep o_O how is that even possible? -_-
Id do anything to be a junior right now... one more year of highschool and trinity baseball
Link? :p
Uh... just because I'm not vegan/vegetarian doesn't mean I have to eat *processed* meat. Don't forget your protein :)
2k on live
I gave you my number so call me maybe?
David Tennant will always be the Doctor. Just like will always be Mal. Both wonderfully deep and robust in those roles.
what's new Nina ?
Baby's first cover letter! What's this for and how can I help?
This might be the second-degree tea burns on my hand talking but I can't believe "heretofore" is a word!
Last Day. Get the attention some of the Chargers get with Dr. Brad. He will fix you up! www.DailyGroupSavings.com $39 deal
#RAWheat and #RAWice will be on sale at the WPIAL Track and Field Qualifiers all day today at Mars HS & South Side HS
bless you ants. blants.
Im so drunk rite now
how'd you get a picture of me while I was in Winchester?
Mike! I agree we don't need nor should we do any unnecessary indiscriminate bombing.
I'm in the Denver airport during a layover and thought about you. Hope everything's going well! Wanna podcast again soon?
Without me you would've never had any friends
If people are so fake then stay away from them!! Stop being around them so you can say they're fake
Colorado=1 of 4 states w/ complete prosecutorial discretion to file case in adult court w/o judicial review for remand to juv court
Thanks darlin"! Love u too!!
Kevin Garnett proving while he's still the "The Big Ticket"
it's wednesday! the best wednesday! we hope you have a great day.
This part is sung... This is the part. Where I rip out your heart. Suck on your love. This is the time when this bitch shines! Hella pure
Who want to talk to me tho
S/O my homie
we are having another one on the last Thursday of this month I will send link to FB page. Love to see ya there!
RT : Best of luck to + as they begin camp with the #USMNT in Phoenix. Do work, fellas!
That's awesome!! Thanks for your support :-)
#BuildYourFans - If you are not cut out to build a fan based, then find someone, a manager, handler, etc. who can. Invest in YOURSELF!
watching before leaving for washington dc:)
“: I am having the worst luck today. #fml” LOL awkward moments at the movie theatre
We just reached our #1000 follower! To celebrate we are offering 25% off any condo if you book today! For Disc. code mssg us!
have a great day everyone...time to clean my place.
I will follow back DUH!!!!
Future gens are unlikely to condone our lack of prudent concern for the integrity of the nat'l world that supports all life. -Rachel Carson
Not quite finished with the EP, but almost done. End result will be an 8-track CD that will be finished August 1st. Stay tuned!
worst night ever.... Nick and Sam's was douch bag central.... literally....l
should I head down there
fun! let me know if you have some extra time on your hands - I'd love to grab a cup of coffee or something & catch up!
my 6th Beer is done now get me my damn 40
It may be NetiPot time. I can't breathe through my nose.
i love smoothie king... but I'd get tired of it!
Carbon copy is my fave pedal right now.
spam creepers tweet me out
TEDxDU is kicking off! Follow the action
Were #RTing all #FF's that include
Open bar birthday party in NYC. I think so!! Being it. This is gonna get bad fast!
I've still not had any :(
Just tasted through the new vintage Triennes wines with Delicious! will have soon!
grinding! What's going on with you?
thru a sad moment in which now you eat your feelings! Lol
thanks for following!
Definatley Rhonde Barber, one of the Greatest
Spain to approve new financial reform
The Princess Bride is one of my all time favorite movies. It's an excellent book, too. :)
In Asia's Vortex, missing New York.
In Canada at my campground!
I just saw a sequence of Justin Bieber playing hockey to a song from the Black Keys. It was weird and also ok. I mean, I dunno.
babysit,do a car wash or something !! :D
I'm saying it right now the Heat will not win the Championship this year.
How come it's bad form for #Obama to keep mentioning Bush, but it's okay for #Mitt to keep bringing up Carter?
what happened?
What's Your Mom's Best Meal?
Hey Love your performance as Granny in
Super Impact Fitness Studio! Jersey City's #1 fitness studio
expect a mirror picture later today of me rockin the GGWP shirt lmao
i know you've ben waitin' for this lovin' all day.
Work, school,sleep and then do it again. And you ask why I'm on the brink of alcoholism.....
Let me look into it. Might be a hitch.
yeah, "hung out to watch mama & cub" sounded to me like self-nomination for Darwin Award. :-)
Jo, I think its spelled douchebag...lol
Looks like lots of free iPhones at
“ LEOs are so dope and fly...! We just have to dress nice. I don't know a LEO that is not fly.”
I should start
LOL at these people flipping out about seeing cows out the window. Brah, I'm from Kansas.....
Just ordered a pizza!
Today: docent training & annual review-eep! Pleasepleaseplease shoot me your best negotiating tips. Or buy me a drink later, either welcome.
JUSTIN we love u so much <3 <3
it's because yall were sheltered like house arrest criminals as kids!!!
Is it about "silent but deadlies"?
Just remember that the cruisers are pretty low to ground. One thing about bikes is that fun of more engine can be alluring. :)
WE NEED TO MEET ED SO WE CAN LEEDLE WITH HIM
not much, just chillin. What are you up to?
We're working hard to fix it for you! Thank you so much for the compliment. We think you're awesome too! ;)
feeling Christ's love is more natural than blocking His love, since it's so strong and all-emcompassing.
oh goodness
back to back docent tours plus cleaning the house early this am for bf's mom's visit equals a very tired me.
where or when do the galaxy rookies come out
says she will be in London this summer to see the Olympics in person.
Oh, that's scary.
What a great, clever idea.
You guys, my neighborhood is so pretty this time of year. I wish you could see it.
love your contributions to grist. many thanks. if you want to write about the upper midwest, i can hook you up.
are you kidding me?? X games- where shaun white makes gravity non existant
yeah I live like two seconds away from here! Haha
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Janet - Doesn't Really Matter
There must be something beyond slaughter & barbarism to support the existence of mankind & we must all help search for it~Carlos Fuentes RIP
Writing session tonight with Time to pump out some sweet country sounds!
I am intrigued by a delightful dish called CARROT CRUST pizza. Carrot pulp blended into the dough, only a Californian would think of this!
I heard u and coach Francis had a hoe house and sell beer at night and pre rolled joints in ATL
wassup my dude
Thanks Nicole!! And yes there is always something to learn for all of us :)
Laughing at everyone with the black "t's" on their foreheads
All these guys are assholes outhere. Nasty.
We're so moved by your $1 burger night that we're doing $1 shows all weekend long for students! It's a dollar revolution!
: Looking for... I know a great guy, or two. Reliable older guy, in particular who has done residential work for my partner & I.
Thx for the shout out hv u been to El Taquito on Riverside, had some of their delicious breakfast tacos today, amazing !!!
You know what's really, really. cool? When your ten year old niece calls you to discuss your book. Happy sigh ...
So true! Every day is a new beginning! :)
I wore only a sombrer.
This girl just ran away from a bee screaming
I'm Tebowing
can u dig?. See you tomorrow at the
Why does the thought of u bring my smile down to frown because we r no longer what we were... :(
I have a couple days in June scheduled :)
So I called a number by mistake, and now they keep calling me back.
Pardon my language, but that was fucking fun!!!!
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch American Idol Online
current IPA on tap is Bear Republic Racer 5 IPA (replaced Port Wipeout) and Extra IPA.
coming soon!
I read your tweets too :)
nice bunt
Some people regret that they had the courage to live life true to themselves. ~Brian Martin
#SomethingADopePersonWouldPutIntheirBio Hey Instead Of A Bio Hows 'Bout An AutoBiography Ask 'Em 'Bout Me
I hate winter so so much it sucks.
Everybody on sum real shit Follow She spits that Trill Shit!!! Got my ass laffin... i will follow u!
Same to you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I guess she sleep now
MT I miss writing in same way I miss my church on the road...connect me to what is real--breath, stories, ancient & immediate.
you guys should be working
The drummer still has hair!!
Already?!!! Nice job!
BIG THANKS to and Dre for cleaning up my EC2 instance. They are unbelievably fast!
Hooray. Of course.
Is there a website you mostly go to
Your doubts will go away once the checks come in. Get some sleep & dont forget your coffee tomorrow =]
Don't be yourself with just emotion and objective, also have the character's 'who am I'.
Taking a break to enjoy SF/Fantasy panel w/ and
thanks my friend. Good to see you tonight.
Sounds like they're coming to or returning from Austin.
You should mean 5:05 it's on!
good idea. I should have known you'd be a pro at this kind of damage control;)
Sorry, I refuse to be "inspired" by celebrities photographed without makeup. That's not brave. It's called MORNING.
i think we are there this sunday i will let you know
oh. Thanks so so so so much!
or should that b "meow"??
shake what ya mama gave ya!!! #imeant #HappyMothersDay :)
Russian politics is like a tricycle with only two wheels. No matter how much we call it a bicycle, it just does not work right like one.
hahahaha love it! made my day :)
How do you forget your bag when you know you're going to school?
Thanks for the great golf today. Beautiful and challenging course!
all around fabulous positive people
On the road #Vegasbaby for an awesome conference at The Cosmopolitan...whatchu doin this weekend?
Some business man reaking of alcohol asked if i had drugs
i like them apples. how was vegas?
I can't tell you that. Then it wouldn't be a secret. :-)
should be fun though!
While I don't care for his fatal attraction to Lori, I'm on Team Shane when it comes down to it. Team Cobra Kai would be proud!
Lol you watched it? And yeah she is!
Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs - ”
": True Story: Guy in Store: "Hey, are you Chris Carell?" Me: "Yes." Guy: "I'm your biggest fan.""Hahahahahahah
we are anonymous, we are not going to forget, we are not going to forgive, we are not going away. Occupy America!
worlds collide, just as you tweeted strawberry fields I happened to be in Strawberry Square.
Leaving the Land of "No shirt, no shoes, No Problem!" For now.
Come hug me afterwards!!!
RT Great article from on #digitalpreservation - we are losing our ability to reconstruct history http...
Where's your proof of innocence haha??
That's the problem, "risky." we won't sign a Cliff Lee. Too much money. And it isn't just last winter. It's every winter.
Thanks for the RT on the job openings! Appreciate it.
Idl what to do with my hair for prom :{
I'm happy for that too
just wrapped a part in Roy Alfred Jr.'s new feature, "Glory Days". Watch it when it comes out...
hell yea I feel you, but had to get from there, NMB wasn't going to give me any looks
You fucker, I'm trying to figure shit out but you don't answer or text back.
I Agree Im half Sicilian and Moms Throw Down in the Kitchen lol
The Priority Principle: Identify your priority and you will find your motivation to be organized.
Please do NOT disturb....I'm listening 2 BOBBY BROWN & NEW JACK SWING!!!!
Add excitement to your meeting, think go-karts, paintball and bumperboats. Check out and other unique Cleveland-area venues
#Scorpio MB guy of the day: Princeton
When are you going to be up this-a-way? Why are you traipsing?
cannot fucking wait to get into the house. all this waiting is making me nuts. nuts, i tell you!
I hate that I can't forget you, I miss the way you made me feel, but you broke my heart and sadly I cant help but keep looking back...
Love yourself first and everything falls into line. -- Lucille Ball
Looking at my past wit no regrets ..looking at my future wit confidence ...living in the present I'm getting money Bitch !!!!
The Field Museum, hands-down, especially Evolving Planet. *is homesick*
: You'll always be my #1!! Girl, you ROCK
Charlie Sheen is the most interesting person in Cali, the same Ppl talkin bad about him cant wait to make a movie about his lifestyle ASAP.
I wanna see a pic of all you ladies before the event!!!
I WILL BE POSTING MY TOUR POSTER ON TWITTER IN A FEW HOURS. DANNY DIABLO,LORD WILLIN',PANIC,SKAM DUST & THE DRP. U.S. TOUR 16TH-26TH.
honestly no, i havent eaten any in a month
This goddamn song just came on my TWY Pandora..
It is always a great day when a team from the west beats an east coast or Midwest team.
So my mom went to jail
Just met with our talented friend about a new VP video...we're very excited to work with him!
what do you think you have been making her do?
Omg I LOVE Jeezy voice :)
Found a picture of & I in 8th grade lolol
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language. Walt Disney
RT : Listening to ? He just asked the people of Sacramento to call & give your opinion of the Maloofs. 1-800-636-8686
Spent last week in Shreveport, Louisiana recording the upcoming Brian Blade Fellowship album It was an incredible time.
Missing the ocean...and you.
Black olives and chili are a well-known folk cure for the flu. :-p
after you asked and i responded, i actually remembered hablamos had we as well as talk!
I'm biased but I'm not buying Nadal's protests. He doesn't like playing in altitude. Has always fussed about this tourney.
how r you?
well, you ain't sleeping when you get here! disorientation begins soon
I question people that always have a story. Is your life really that interesting or are you making shit up?
please do!
Was Clutch With Finding My Books & Getting Signed Out Today..... DEW
dear god!.. Ha!
I'm just ready to be by myself.
the truth always comes back, either to shake your hand or to slap your face.
As much as I like to eat, eat, eat apples and bananas, I think I prefer to oat, oat, oat opples and banonos...
Our thoughts are with Joplin, MO.
damnit is that how it ends?? You ruined the ending for me.. Geez..
Thanks for the #FF yesterday!
thought that we were stronger.
#Packers have won 15 straight games going from last season & have never trailed in the 4th quarter.
oh my god Demi wrote Catch Me about Alex how did i not know this?
Same here! So many fetus pictures. Fetusbook! I've vowed never to post my womb.
I get home Thursday. I better see him.
Heyo , do you have any info on the social media engineers who crafted the #UWrightnow campaign??
Absolutely. RT : Holy crap house of heroes did AMAZING!!!
bros just getting fired up about the new game haha
House of AnubisLife after the mystery 108 - blankets and throws
I really haven't fallen in love with Twitter...yet.
Its been three weeks since we took your test. You can give us other quizzes and grade them but you cant grade the test
Would be a great Mothers Day if Hallmark actually worked a deal with AT&T Uverse 2 bring Hallmark back 2 all AT&T customers
It's important to have food rules you don't break. Like, "I will not eat fried foods." or "I will need eat carbs in a meal, only dessert."
Oh, the art of parenting. "Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it." - Russell Baker
hay hay DJM did you get my tunes? I sent em to Breakscrate- U-ROCK! James- KK Ryder
We're almost all set for our anniversary party tomorrow!
Rodney, it's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. (In my best serious Robin Williams impression)
There needs to be a moratorium on using the word 'build' in slogans and ad campaigns.
That's a sweet shot of schadenfreude, not you gotta let it ride baby
so I need to choose between idol and this hm :)
And, i hate when stupid people tweet me with some really stupid sh*t
Got a personal best 625 lb box squat with a safety bar. Used the blue EFT mat to help me sink in my gear; felt good.
RT : Lies don't impress me. The truth does, no matter how bad it is I still respect not being lied to.
lol, that and years of watching XFiles! :)
Thank you! Exciting and inspiring!
“The US&UK could not have been built without Africa’s aid” –Ngozi Okonjo Ikweala. True but add a bunch of other countries
Big Bang was robbed; Sheldon totally deserved best actor.
Get your groove on, get fit and feel good while you rock the beat!
“: Ryan Callahan is the first Ranger to score a game-winning overtime goal on his birthday." another worthless stat. Wow.
84,450 on dinner break. just sat down! Lots of real nice table mates, having some good laughs.
im gonna finish this shit tonight.
"[Gravity] is to me so great an absurdity that I believe no man who has … a competent faculty in thinking can ever fall into it."
SUPPORT LOCAL ARTISTS! We sure do.
so what's going on with ? When is there going to be some music released?
whoa! You two...RT: Guy on Guy?
I can love every second, to the ends of the earth where needing you's the only thing that's on my broken one track mind.
Twitter isn't loading my interactions again :|
cant do right
Go Broncos! :)
GARY Blue,"closed last night's STAR BLUES with "Can't Find My Way Home" from the Snakes' project. will publish blog shortly... good luck!'
RT : Well, the Republican debate is over. Perry, Romney, and Huntsman win the night. Yes I do 2
Chelsea Dagger's playing.
That 45 minute shower was wonderful
looking forward to summer not big on cold weather
no prob! hit me up on my personal twitter :)
Hi Nancy! Just wanted to reach out. Would love for your hear some of my new CD that's getting ready to be released...blessings
Not gonna lie, feeling exceptionally down today. BUT-helped a little old lady across Wilshire, so there's that. is my witness!
"I'm blowin purp.. that's a loud word" Yeeezzzziiiiirrrrr
Agree. Losing Maniscalco hurt them, but they should not have lost several close games to bottom-tier teams
: It's weird how exciting a walmart can be when youre on tour. Walmarts exciting urrvy day if youre with the guys of ptv I bet:)
Long enough they're charging him rent RT : Wow how long have you been at starbucks?
:) hell yeah
I have a painting to do
Dam rite i got it...
HOUSTON or Marfa
Gold Rush season finale... #thinkgolditsfriday come on Hoffman's either you love it or get out of here. I love it!!!
#comedycentral #PatriceOneal This is a good one..... R.I.P
I think it's obvious at this point. Tupac was never a real person. Always a hologram.
it's sunny. it's friday. it's sunny. it's friday.
Great to get in some lifelong learning at #PAS2012, will definitely see you in DC at #PAS2013!
Hi how's the workout recovery! I hope your doing fine! Chk the pics on FB ;) gotta run Holla at me
Black Arrogance at its finest
Yes, which was exactly Tyra's point to this woman to be truthful and own one's reasons whatever they may be!
Nice Oberhofer review! You articulated many of my qualms about the album... and then some. Still catchy as hell, though.
How ever do you want me? However do you need me? #codependant80'ssonglyrics
Good morning. how do you feel about Rick Santorum dropping out ?
Thanks. I guess you'll have to head to the sale to find out.
sounds cool!!! I'd love to go to Malta - and during Startup Weekend would be even better!
#Kylestock is quickly approaching. Make sure you buy your presale ticket, which go on sale tomorrow, so you don't miss out! RT!!
It's awesome to have the whole family home for Thanksgiving. Three kids home from college for a week. A wonderful treat.
Get your tweets into the running for a pair of VIP tickets! Free food & drinks, parking, great seats, and exclusive party!
Thanks for the follow JT!
Please go follow Kayla ...she's just now starting to use her account again & she needs more followers =)
you can laugh at him when Tebow flops. Jets suck. I need to plan a trip to Vegas soon lol going through withdrawals
well u made it a top tweet it wasent on the list but u keeped it going
I have an egg head I guess...
Sullenger is too good
You are one lucky mofo! Lol
still one of my fave shows on tv, along with "community" and "new girl." smart humor, thank god.
Off to nashville to start frying turkeys for those in need. Come on down to the nashville mission parking lot and lend a had
Maltby Street Market
How can LTS support staff support faculty using Digital Humanities tools?
Guilty of grand larceny and not gulity of burglary and first degree murder in commision of a robbery.
Tomorrow day < tomorrow night
Legal help desk postion available! Must be well versed in industry software. Interested? Send us a message!
Watching all of the trailers at work is getting me SO excited for the !
we are a little more progressive here in the North... sad is right.
Let me borrow $10 I'll give it bac in 10 days man! 10 days money Mitch voice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Eat that, #Cubs fans.
YOU are funny :D
If man evolved from monkeys and apes, why do we still have monkeys and apes?
people hate cause we fans of a team that had the greatest player to ever walk on the face of the earth
season finale is going to give me nightmares
my hair looks like shit
love mean to see happiness with a person(s) without guilt or envy. something that is felt by earning or at first sight.
Beware the holes! RT : Listening to #613...probably won't be able to go bowling ever again.
in a couple more years :)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you pay child support and switch jobs, the state can take the funds from your new paycheck automatically
right?? I mean.... Is this life?
Each day is a second chance. Don't take it for granted.
Excuse me I don't mean to be rude but tonight I'm.....you
Sleepy morning at the office after being out late last night seeing #DarkShadows movie. Perhaps this latte will put a dent in sleepiness.
Exactly what I said!!! RT : I'll take the win but that was ugly! Go Rebels!
Austin, I don't mind sharing anything with you. That includes sharing food, sharing shirts AND sharing bed, ;)
So I ask you...what's the word for fear of not having enough room in your suitcase for free galleys?
now that I'm a packer owner, i will hold my press conferences on wednesday. see you tom!
horan the world? curls.
welcome! Glad to have you in! What are you enjoying for dinner?
Let's go Rays! Get back in this thing.
I Lied , I'm Not Doing My Homework .
If I was a song I would marry this song.
Reached #Howtoannoyotherpeople 20 post limit. On to write something funny...keeping my fingers crossed, which will make typing difficult.
Other Williams family members on the NETS need to go deeper in the DNA pool #LETSGONETS sigh
When you sign up make sure to link your twitter account !
Im good, thank you for asking. So how's your health?? hope its doing good everyday.
You more then Alright :)
well...my bad!
Seems we suffer from the same thing. But summers is also good for flaunting beauties like you to show off your summer style
appreciate the S/O
i kno im so done wit tx its too much goin on
I had cereal this morning...without any milk!
Just seen a load of teenage guys (although about 18) laughing and giggling at the condom aisle. They clearly aren't getting any action...
Your a simple bitch and i ain't havin' it Im going to murder you like a mother fucking savage
#replacesongtitleswithboobs ; neon boobs
Hope everyone is having a great week, My 1st book will be available on kindle in the next week & a half! So stay tuned details coming soon.
Madonna looks like she's having a blast.
Haha if you can spank hard in statistics, clinical psych, and hitler!
Do you know what you're doing for Cinco de Mayo? I'm still assessing the #DC options. =)
Now im pissed off
I would notice. I love your tweets. Don't delete!
you're not better yet?!
gonna die of a heat stroke soon.
First day of math classes without
has some things to think about.
I can't take you seriously if you call your hamstring a "hammie."
Thanks everyone
Happiness is living by inner purpose, not by outer pressures
i gusse ill back out west tonight
Lol you know it!
Sounds fun! We'd love to see what you come up with.
i am going to watch it
Wis. state Sen. Alberta Darling urges GOP faithful to keep up "Wisconsin Revolution," reject recalls
I betcha a Dem will pick up his seat.
#prayersformeagan I still think about you, Meagan, every single day! I miss you!
I just realized comes home for the summer in less than 3 weeks!
cause the suns gonna rise gonna rise
Planned my snack trip to Walgreens at precisely the right moment. Back safely inside.
They're rolling out an Extreme Mammals exhibit that I'm trying to time my Chicago visit with. Nerdlife for real.
Thanks man! But if I'm an old dinosaur, the you must be dirt!
Hamels faces minimum thru 3. Single and a caught-stealing.
Must not get so drunk this afternoon that I can't do work tonight. So,..no more than 12 doubles.
i never thought id find someone to be mine, lord knows i was right - cos u jus crossed the line
Thanks for mentioning us David!
Working hard
Plunging to their doom? New page update at www.rocketrobinson.com
Still with the bladed mind, huh?
Who is celebrating Dia de los Muertos?
Norwegians are on island time-let NCL take you to the Caribbean! Choose your paradise & relax on island time! New low rates 800-803-7245
KY is loose, relaxed, just having fun. KU playing tentatively, thinking too much.
Badgers back in the end zone. 14-7 First defensive stop and/or turnover could decide this game.
Girl you got the body of a goddess
Me too, Ann (but not in Chrome - there seem to be issues there currently). Thx again for the great webinar!
Whatever happened to D'angelo. I Want to follow #D'angelo on twitter but not sure he even has Internet or a mobile phone. Crack from grace
I am ridiculously excited about ordering my kayak and skeletoes :D
I Need A Nice Lil Freak With A Good Head On Her Shoulders!
Have any of you tried Cinemagram yet? If so, what kind of situations have you been using it in? I downloaded it but haven't used it yet.
Got some rain today...Back to work on Monday, we hope!
I cant draw Phelps
Yes bring this ish alive.RT Editing music. Gotta make it the best for Zack.
Cheered for in my A's gear.
I hate giving #foxnews a rating boost with these gop debates.
Lionel Richie Makes Music History With Tuskegee
“: people will ask you what your "made it" moment was. Remember!” // I hope no one ever asks.
Follow ! He's #ryankennedy :)
no excuses play like a champion RT“: I'm only getting started
The local news this morning is making me ill. RIP little Donavan.
no just driving through!!! LOL LOL!!!
ehehe, I was pranking people the whole day, and im unprankable!
Unga - Heart-Shaped Box (Rock Star INXS) - Jordis Should Be the Winner of "The Voice" Season 2 !!!!!!!
"She Will Be Loved" by Maroon 5- Always a classic!
that new large pro video slaps!
I feel the same.
My pockets so fat it look like i eat biscuits .
Raising kids that age is proof that dragons can indeed be tamed and trained:)
KWSS Rock Local Awards on TMI 106.7 - Best Homegrown Hit Song coming up now!
doing good and u
Great missed my gym session do I'm going to the community gym....and I don't know about the beach my neck is killing me :-(.
I would understand!
Let's here some names for the Eagles third-round pick. Who ya got?
yeah nick! read that shit.
omg me too! I kinda wanna see it though..
please follow back?? :]
dont act like you dont know what that means, cueraso.
The Creighton Men's Soccer Vs SPORTING KC game at Livestrong Park- KC WILL NOT be played on March 13th!!! New date soon!!!
I'm so tired fml
no! not on cranberry sauce that is crazy talk!
Not enough time !!!
that's a little far
Miss M's new fave show = #antfarm. Have to say, it's amusing me as well.
Hope to see u there! RT Saw a few of their shows when I was in highschool. BRILLIANT: HDDT prepares 'Cleopatra, CEO'
Going job hunting today! =)
Yes please. Email me at .uk. Thanks
We all have eyes and a window. We know its raining... you're not a meteorologist
lmao sissy u funny. But this movie is hilarious
Customer Testimonial: I just think that Philly 311 is a really good service because before I would have to call 411 for everything and 411 i
Curtains drawn inside store. We can hear the staff getting pumped. Shouting from inside.
There are just some songs that'll NEVER get old
Good job but it is too hot
im super sorry we all miss ryan . he will be missed alottt ..........
What Omar texted me > LMAO!
I think i might be a clown for halloween<U+E105><U+E105><U+E409><U+E445><U+E11B>
I think I might be the queen of overthinking things
I hate braces -____-
This is the kind of playoff game I crave - back and forth lead changes, high intensity from the crowd - its like a PWG show.
Tomorrow at the library...2nd Saturdays! Free music and coffee from 1-3pm with the Von Storch Trio. Stop in and enjoy.
All is well pal, thanks for askin. Bangin it out all the time my man.
Good Lord!! Just saw your FB posts--glad y'all are okay.
A2: I have several business mentors that always give me great advice and encouragement ;-)
Mount Pleasant, SC is a #CRE gold mine, if done right. Ben Henrich, developer of Gregg Tract, speaks.
Starting the day right with The Clash's "Magnificent Seven"
Thank you!
Waiting for the next service to start.... Whats up with yall?
I meant no you didnt....
tickets are now on sale for rutland
Mike Mussina was an Oriole? I used to hate that guy haha. Congrats to him.
Three rainstorms today.
#ROBERTSBAD GET IT TRENDING EVERYONE
I'm actually going to dress up as Chef- Boyardee using the chef hat I got from their House Party!
thanks for the heads up!
Ugh so sick I cant fall asleep! I wish would cheer me up with a follow! Luvyouharry!
Everything was good . But shits fucked now .
Don't forget to stop by to checkout Chef Rob's NEW beer battered fish fry tomorrow! It is the newest definition of "The Finest"!!
@ the docs office for my lil jr!
haters will find something else--- plenty there.. life good.. switched to news. i can be a fan again- and see my kids!
98% of humanity is brainwashed.
LOL! I think I like that better than alice.
i wish you can tweet me sometime. Forever a higaholic!!! Less than 3 <3
what if i kissed u right now...
"the data devil" >:-) RT "the data devil"
please please follow me! All u have to do is click the follow button it will really mean a lot to me(:
I know what I'm doing this December. Seeing with my dad.
Sean Payton has been suspended for 1 year. Tim Tebow is a Jet.
"No one likes me cause I'm awkward." GPOY, kid.
Any reviews of Sisters3 in #Clarendon? Currently I use Red Door in Tysons, but looking for something a little closer to home...
"oh hairic jones, you devil" -hannah.
Sometimes, when I say "I'm okay" I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight and say, "I know you're not"
Ok, you can stop talking now. No! It's my birthday and I can say what I want!
hope not but ill remind u though
is BOMB(:
haha yess! Make sure to tell me how it goes lol
Inconsistency breeds insecurity.Remain genuine and consistent in business & personal relationships. That's just good
haha yeah they definitely didnt on that february night
Getting ready to start final wkshop with ! Hold on folks! It's like warp speed when he speaks!! So much great stuff coming FAST!
You know how when you keep reading a word over and over it begins to lose meaning... try reading a book on marketing based on GOOGLE
You all did a great job encouraging voter turnout this year! Congrats on such a successful election.
Rain is so relaxing.
think Johnson county for housing/ schools. best in the area (especially Olathe area)
okay(: how's lion?
When your smallest jeans are too loose>>>>
love you guys too. Have a great time. Tell mom we said happy birthday.
thanks God it's friday
Correction: I will accept posts about miniature golf, sumo wrestling and world's strongest man/woman competitions. That is all.
and will follow me one day. :)
Pregnant Adriana Lima Is Craving Beer - But Not Drinking It - People Magazine
Picking Duff up from the airport for some weekend trade show fun! Go Southwest Food Expo!
Went to church today && did a reading <3
I'd defer to Murtaza on the economics but not everyone wants to start a business. In weak economy mobility is good.
I love the fact you walked around with a cane at your birthday party ! keepin it classy.
Let me make this easy for you.
Everybody follow on twitter and like their Facebook. This is a great campaign that we are going to be apart of;More details soon
Thanks Allison. Although I never saw you on the show, it looks like you have quite the impressive background.
Just bought my tickets to go to the #Brewers #Cubs game! Finally gonna see Wrigley Field, am so excited!!! Let's go
wish this could be a reality today, I meant in the near future, but then yes! Today I must care for kids....
I just need to figure out how to work this whole facebok thing out. Smh its a shame
If we (Pens) can't make the finals then no team from the Atlantic Div should make it. It's the jealous theory if I can't have it no one can.
Dont Say I Did Something When I Didnt
What TV show do you enjoy watching reruns of?
Dammit Blues just scored.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
“: Me an my uncle are about to finish up this XX 24 pack. Now time for the Patron! #Chente2012” sick!
What's with everyone saying #legit?
goodnight twitter
Thanks! Sorry about your guys, must have been quite a 10-minute rollercoaster stretch there.
I really want a bunny. I think that would make me happy. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Congratulations to Patti LaBelle on giving us great music for 50 years & on the Lifetime Achievement Award!
Great analogy!
Chicago Bulls and Boston Celtics continue to duke it out for first place in the Eastern Conference, who will take it?
Going crazy. Or maybe not.
cause it dont like you
Ready to go homr so I can eat !
ill get back on in a few i had to run somewhere
Even when you stay in hotels whether it be for business or pleasure, turn off that lamp and your TV before leaving the room.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter, thought people followed you on what and how you tweet man
Yes, you never know when a car isn't looking. RT : RED OWL looks both ways before crossing.
gimme a production credick and let's go!
If you aint got a dream you aint got nothin, alotta n*ggas changed on me when i got money
Chapel time wooop ;)
I kno its past ur bed time so hit me tomorrow CHILD! And come wit facts bout ur fave :)
“: Do you think Rickie Fowler will win at Augusta?” no but will have a great career.
what a shame. I feel like iv heard that somewhere. Hi5 for originality.
very creepy
yo thanks for the RT. coffee soon?
I can't remember Frank Whitley (Ruffian) being that tough
thanks for sharing my Facebook page post!
i love how everyone has an opinion on the Tebow situation.. all you can say is WE WILL SEE come September. could be great/bad..
God must love stupid people. He made SO many. :p
Entrepreneurial Lesson #6: Doing a start-up is intensely personal.
anyone at the library in ma 162?
Luis house
omg austin haha you wild child! As if you bit him lool aww your adorable. how much I loveyou ahah <3
Thanks! You got it.
Myrna Gamboa, an administrator involved in the changing of grades, has also been reassigned.
1 more day till the holiday party on Sat! Savage markdowns at art shop! Boozy cider! Noshing! Art!
Bored :( Can't wait for to come over .(:
No matter how things may seem to change, never forget who you are
Just did her best tonite. She should win
Rhymes with? lol
Likewise. Have a great conference!
Did anyone really doubt that Russell Wilson would compete for the job? Not saying he'll get it, but dude impresses everywhere he goes.
thanks. On steroids for now. How are you
Congrats to Phillip Humber.
Attended the Garment Industry Development Corporation at FIT in NYC. It was great! I got to meet so many suppliers. This should happen more.
Daay-uum. That yatch is all jacked up. St Paddy's Day casualty..
-- Napa, wine country. The pastoral setting soothes the senses. I've been there, too.
are any of us really qualified to work???
I used to work on that show. Season 10. Wish I could have slapped people then...
It's here... #OTMonth & #Autism Awareness Month!! Remember to Light it up Blue tomorrow for World Autism Day!!
Should be packing, fuck that
DOUBLE THE LIAM MEANS DOUBLE THE CHANCE OF ME GETTING A FOLLOW (;
Great meeting you too ;-) thanks RT : Great meeting at the exhibition hall. A great leader in CI.
Did nicolette and vinny reall kiss? Or is tht a rumor, I dont really care but I still wanna know:/
why u say that
I like when you mess with me though <U+263A>
I hate when people are alone :(
just replied to herself. awesome!
Court Reporters are a vital part of the legal process and it takes the right Court Reporting Agency to get the job done
8 more days.
Sweet!! Should've heard me w/the guy in the suit who ran over me while trying to board the plane. I was...polite
. Prepares for the post-digital, concerned abt unsustainability (ethically & otherwise) of our machines.
lmao yes it so does!!
"RACIAL PROFILING SHOULD BE A HATE CRIME INVESTIGATED BY THE FBI!!!" Have yal read Tyler Perry's story about his encounter with the police.
City shooting for World Cup final
“: Cali in may? Hmm sound GRAND” No. Alaska this month. It's my birthday on the 8th. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
how are you?
BUFFALO WINGS!!! YUMMY!! :)
choir finals.. two hours. BEST. THING. EVER. come together as a family. i love you.
not funny :( #offline cuz of u
When are you moving to Miami? Not any closer to Indiana:(
my fav song is, wake it up by Akon
#np 'You've got the love' (The xx remix) Florence + The Machine
there's still time to find the right person... just don't be late for the appointment.
Thank you so much for hosting such an amazing swap! We had so much fun!
we were there. Thought u were busy trying win a district title.
I hate fake females with a MF passion
Not feeling so great today
having a good day?
9-1 #Dodgers. Giants making it too easy at this point.
Listening to WMYB on <3 off to eat with my mom, uncle, sister, and co-worker :)
Lets go spurs lets go
ohh I would never
What kind of whiskey bar is closed at 10?!
It's always fun when you go to a bar and sit next to group of people who you can tell do nothing, but watch TV.
Gonna pamper myself tonight.
Darby action tonight
Did you get married? Have kids?
Trashed talk by many. Hated by some. Guess how many fucks I give. Its less then one.
Thanks. I need a fact-checker on staff. RT : I think it is arrington.
Happy Star Wars day xD <3 P.L.U.R.<3
Sometimes missing just one person can turn your whole world upside down. <\3
Hahaha. Thanks, Link! :)
That's a good one!
thanks for the mention!
I am reading a great book "new ideas about new ideas". For those who want to make a difference, this book provides powerful pointers.
both accounts have been followed! :)
Whats wrong w/ the hood though!!??
chill I gotchu just wait
lol damn turn down, u turnt up 2 much
i miss you to sis. Im mad at you though
Please foul us!
Let's trade! We need to go hang out though! Soon!
Make you mom smile this weekend! foodsmart has you covered!
WWE should have let take the ECW belt home at the end to at least show it and him some respect.
Contact us if you r a mommy blogger who writes about kids, products 4 kids & parenting please contact me. Free toys 4 the chosen ones
Living my life out loud, this is just a bump in the road... <3
Is this streaming online by chance? Or just use #lodlam here?
I'm having a nightmare watch people do sit ups-NOT ENOUGH RESULTS. #TowelWalk = 2x the results. What is your favorite Core Exercise?
oh yeah its past your bed time
You're Welcome:) Pray And Live Is What I Will Do To Hel You And Him:))
#MyBiggestFear Is pest!
Receive $20 tickets to any performance of GOD OF CARNAGE when you use code word "BULLY" now through 10/7/11 at midnight.
i would'eve smacked her for disrepecting her
I wish. Would be infinitely better.
WAS CHURCH GOOD??
<----looking for sales agent
Sales Co-ordinator Permanent owner/driver due to location. £15k - You will be instrumental in increasing company’s turnover in the service…
MBA is in sight - will graduate next month!!
I wish your yummy chocolate was available more places on east side of Madison WillyStCoop is always out of DkChoc Sea Salt!
dont even fight her in school just gonna get broken up in like 10 secs. and den yall both get suspended. Not worth it
watching cyber bully, so sad :'(
catch my fade
When people tweet saying they hate fake people, does anyone out there actually LIKE fake people?
RT : can you please get to oklahoma?
although the world do us part like I'm going to love you
looking forward to talking #lodlam Nov. 16, 4 p.m. Jones Room Woodruff Library
I'm in! RT : How about we use #UG8 as the hashtag tomorrow.
Def. porn. I think #SNL made it slightly tame.
That does it. I am going to make myself a t-shirt that reads "It's on the syllabus" to wear when I teach.
of ashes of the furnace, and let Moses sprinkle it toward the heaven
so giving old furniture a new lease on life is the heart of my philosophy. -Nina Campbell
It was great playing cajon with you tonight! Very nice to meet you!
#SkinFolkMovie directors and have just shot videos talking about favorite horror films. stay tuned for the cuts!
seeing some returns popping up just SW of Davenport
Pro tip: just because it's sunny & practically 60 doesn't mean it's warm enough for shorts.
That suggests that it's a show with minimal staying power as much more than a cultural artifact, even then not so sure.
Yes, this is the most relaxing song ever created. #re:stacks
David Brooks: "Mitt Romney is a Jew." I understand the Diaspora comparison, but where's the sense of humor?
Regular or Strawberry.... Either way Stinky is a great way to celebrate Tuesday, or any other day of the week!!!!
What you should know........ Is your answer.
and the award for most flip-flopping contradictory blogger goes to.... make up your mind dude, it's embarrassing.
I blame you
On the hunt for a dummy. Not you Justin...A used manequin in Denver, CO.
Actually, we haven't. But, maybe we should! :)
Is there a tour stop where there is a reputation of less respectful fans?
I need some good running tune recos...oh, and some motivation. Tunes will be easier to find! Any recos?
#favmoviequote "you are not a snowflake"
I'm glad everyone in Twitter knows their Greater Than > and Less Than < your math teachers would be so proud of you all
You're welcome Court. Just get plenty of rest whenever you can and you'll be alright. Getting ready for work. Take care. :)
#roadron #sportingkc Shutting up about Bobby Convey's hair now. He was in perfect position, Roger's feed was perfect, the flip in perfect.
Awww. U r too sweet! I wish I had her energy! Thank u!!!
''Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.'' -Gandhi
the world is tellign #nancygrace she's wrong, but her psycho delusions don't believe us. someone get her a psychiatrist FAST!
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
LOVE! RT The Battlepug by themikenorton The word is out! Battlepug, the webcomic starts on Valentine's Day! www.battlepug.com
great UTP however your video on flu needs updating.. Came home w/the bug not lymphs clogged
Finally found a grad dress!
but my question is, how often is too often to advertise the same thing and not annoy those that check their feed often
pretty funny twitter profile, and qualifications.
/// You niggas NOT off the hook. RT Until the Laker fans win in Round 2 everything you say or shit you talk abt Boston is voided
Come to hudson...dressed up though
That sucks... why can't OSU serve its ban this year when our playing was horrible?
Tonight is the big night, Top 9 Moments of Sports is finally here! Watch 9 News at 6 o'clock for a live shot!
LOVE LOVE LOVE that was on 's power pinterest users list!
hey so your cute right ? And I wanna know if one day you would marry me ;)
): I forgot to say happy birthday!!! So here it is... HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY!!! <333333
rock, dear.
I see u to lol
that sucks! I cut myself with a steel prong yesterday at work :/
Nice! Way to go Mitch! RT : #Nola college students in my office, on conference call with about
RT : He does homebrews too? What DOESN'T do???/ I don't knit.
I fucking love y'all. Even tho isn't following me.
As a child, I couldn't trust my mother to pick my clothes for me, let alone a mate.
has the most beautiful mind I've ever known.
Hundreds of thousands may lose Internet in July: FBI For computer users, a few mouse clicks could mean the difference between staying o
Happy Earth Day to you, too! Make it a good one.
Happy Sunday people!!
loll yup! Pretty much!
#bitcheswhowontdateme Newt's X wife and side peace.
11/11/11 is Nigel Tufnel Day. Tufnel, of course, is a protagonist of "This is Spinal Tap", beloved for his amp that 'goes to 11', making it…
indeed! Oh and I guess it's The Sense of An Ending, but I'm sure you would have figured that out anyway ;)
The Brooklyn Nets are gonna be amazing.
I just wanna make beats and produce hip-hop.
Kanye West 's tweets may be more closely watched than recent episodes of Saturday Night Live . This past Saturday (May.
I wish I had background music playing for however I feel.
WORD UP MA IM A INDEPENDENT ARTIST FROM ATL GA JUST HERE NET WORKING &TRYING TO EXPAND MY MUSIC
And.....we are camping ;)
Really really love spending time in the subtropics of south Florida
Happy World Peace Day! Maybe if more people around the world did musicals, there would be more peace!
Maybe it's a good thing #Rockies were rained out today. They've been outscored 14-1 this year on
the list still isn't up--the link returns an error! hope your talk went well.
goodbye september. hello october!
I remember when Mrs.Price was here and everytime she saw me she'd say "Hi Mrs.Bieber" #imissthat let's get married <3
LOL I think it funny when girls ask u to marry them cause u should marry me:)<3
I seriously hate my 6th period teacher he's such a bitch
Heading home for a few moments then off to Holts and Mecca (Total Wine and More). Fun times :-)
i don't remember that last time i saw one. now i feel like i must find one and use it one last time. :)
tell people you know about us! Tell anyone who met tw! We want their stories!
Love! It just depends on the shape of the bag
More cooks = less cooking.
country pineapple bake | ChinDeep
This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war In 1902, the game table tennis was brought to the U
That's so psychedelic and local.
Follow for ill tweets !!
#Redneck Smashes #iPhone video over 4,000 views! Thanks and ! Let's get to 5,000!!
1st 25 people at bar, starting 930 get a free pint of Belgo by New Belgium
Loved meeting , the co-founder of I bought greeting cards made of elephant poo. EXACTLY what I needed most. :)
20 #Soccer #Futbol matches tomorrow we will probably find one to take a sniper shot at.
If you would lift me up you must be on higher ground. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Have a delicious weekend
You should open one up. Chipotle is a moneymaker. There always seems to be a line.
It was great meeting you today. Thank you for being so kind to my son.
My two favorite NFL teams: the Seahawks and anyone playing the Dallas Cowboys :)
Health Tip: Start your day today with two 8oz. glasses of water. "Break" the "fast" with ease. Have a fabulous Friday! -...
it was very nice. it was great to see my entire family and spend time with them.
he need what's his he said he was missing some jewelry!
and well flipped by Diplo and Switch for M.I.A.
Real or not real?
Lunch & Dinner =
Thank you for the birthday wishes! I'm lucky I get to dance on my birthday!
Great advice! MT Don't enroll until you can explain #FAFSA to grandma.
Errors costly for Rockies. Ageless one will need some big time help from their bets to get a win.
Oh Tunes, you know there are always thirsty fellows!
penn station
#AskRyan is trending <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Installing my wordpress blog...
all right traders we are off to a great week NOW for the big news a new PREPUMP ALERT will be issued today!!! stay ALERT coming today!!!
Give me a break, I had a burger with my boss. You want me to be successful don't you?
ECLARE ACTION GOING ON TONIGHT,
Moving beyond course-based #civeng is key, as is knowing when to step back, let community take lead from Place-based #civeng panel
I cant decide if I should cute my hair like a buzz cut or keep the fohawk? These are big decisions people
you got it babe. #uglycry <3 love you
That'd be awesome!
MY TITS WILL NEVER BE CALMED
“Access to justice is a must have, not a nice to have, in these tough economic times.” -Jim Sandman, Pres., Legal Services Corp.
BOOM SON!
Hoping this hip-hop class will clear away my splitting headache
After 12yrs of living n La Mesa,wifey and I r moving to Eastlake this summer.With her at Eastlake middle&me at the college..
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40
Gov Daniels: "1 in 4 dollars spent are federal. 1 in 3 are borrowed." True?
Already called the pizza man for this
This time won't you save me? Baby, I can feel myself giving up.
Today is either National Rollerblade Day, or I just entered a time portal back to the 90s.
not very magnificent, old and ready to die. barely 100 lbs
October Afternoon: Cakewalk Spotlight Blog Hop
you're creepy #inyourface!
Denny's
Twelve pages of screenplay this afternoon?
Thanks to Alphabet Hotel, August Son and Daniel Clingman for an unforgettable Friday the 13th show at Beer Co!! <3
mine arent bruised but im sore :/
so are you going to follow me back or what?
Ray's next week is fine. Bryan you still heading over?
WHO WANTS A SHOUTOUT FOLLOW ME RT THIS AND REPLY DONE FOR A SHUOTOUT
Weekend's going to be wild. #beerolympics <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> #swampstomp <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I'm trying the tried and true wake-up-at-4am method of academic parenting.
- I saw your website, very amusing. I'd like to follow but I'm maxed out. Would you follow me, so i can follow back?
Lets go swimming. Just step outside.
I'm a grill out
you had a convo with your future wife :)
like who
Sounds like a plan to us!
Working on a scary hip hop beat o
RT : Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.~ Theodore T. Hunger
What I enjoy the most about Sword & Sworcery is its ability to create a mood and atmosphere comparable to bigger style games
hey its Peyton i haven't talked to ya in so long
Week one at podesta group wrapped up. Met some fantastic ppl doing many great things.
Oh well what was the link to the story?
LOL! Oh I see, he's kinda cute for me! LOL! He looks good on the video. :) Its 2:00 AM there?
Happy Wednesday to you, also! RT “: Happy Wednesday, good people! Make it amazing :)”
I think I'm going to have to try this.
Do not attempt to run on Francoeur!
must. stop. working. but SO much is coming up next week!
"Butterflies and Hurricanes" by Muse
Get better soon!
Shhhh! The Vampire Diaries is on.
#17 and my profile picture as my picture? (; thanks!
#2011was Great Cause We Killed Osama. God Bless The Troops.
Now let him carry the damn ball!
Getem!!! Btw I need some Scott in my life. Will I see you in the snakepit??
Yeah that's what I thought
De-duping is my life
well, for me too, jordy seems like a down to earth guy with a sense of humor. Am I right?
Michael, my walk can happen until 7 PM PST but it's with you in mind. :)
30 minute power nap success.
The book, Orphan V, proposal is live on Chirstian Manuscript Submission searching for publishers and agents.
NO YOU'RE LIKE 54.
Any1 know any good songs to listen to on youtube
's solo exhibit at the Image Box Gallery 4933 Penn Ave. Tomorrow 6-10pm By the way hit me up son!
Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic
check my footnotes
Live jazz tonight @ Burgundy Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 5-8:30 burgundybistro.com
I've been crying non-stop this afternoon. The only people to make me smile are &
I Went To One Of Those Doctors That Prescribe “Marijuana Cards”…Then I Asked Him Well How Is It Used? He Told Me To “Smoke It.”
I looked into it. Hated the cobranding part of it. Also, cool look but we don't need beer that cold... I haven't touched one...
Since was not getting enough attention while I work, he decided to hack dramatically in the middle of the rug.
I feel you y'all be carefull<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
living & learning with amazing company with
When you realize you don't know the person you thought you knew...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm a huge flirt.
Do you have your tickets yet for Halloween Havoc in Dayton, Ohio? Visit www.rocktagonmma.com to purchase tickets.
#thingsthatdontexist a smile datz better than 's smile. <3
We've got some tasty treats for you at Mondays Dishcrawl, Lamb goodness 2 ways, Lemon Beef and a Burger of the Gods accompanied by more!!!
at home wishin someone wld txt ms cause I'm so freakin bored! Blah
Listening to Bruce Springsteen at The Apollo on Sirius 20 E Street Radio.
Thank you!!! <3
peeling like a mother fuckerrrrr
Taken out of context based on your interpretation?
is still up when he has to get up at 10:00 to go to church with his dad and mom. Hmu tomorrow after 12
Carry Methods IWB « Front Line Holsters - holsters for concealed carry
SO TRUE! U never know when it's recorded either, but at least you get to edit B4 it goes live! Looks like the prob is my computer
Cute pics! I'm glad you had fun at Wango Tango.
#Packers shareholders meeting will be July 24. No guests allowed this year; only shareholders of record.
hi people of twitter please follow me
I love you Madison<3-Kelly;)
great job David!!! Let's keep it rolling in miller town. Finish them!!
Feeling the need to simplify my life, so I'll be merging this Twitter account into my next week. Please follow there!
Hell yeah get san antonio next
Are you suffering from drug addiction and have no idea where to find help? For anyone looking for a drug rehab, help is just a click away
#Rain was beyond amazing. Fake Paul winked at me twice!! Other than seeing #TheBeatles , the best performance to see.
Apparently Dwayne Wade is extremely Pro-Life.
Big up to you my brotha!
Melo is damn good
did it involve ur days as a Marine?
Thank you so much to all those who attended and donated at our breakfast yesturday. We beat our goal! Thanks for making a difference!
she’s moving so fast if you blink you might miss her ... gravity cant resist
Shout out to for being such an inspiring woman!
secret life and the lying game tonight
Today's Get Energized tip: Insulate the first 6 feet of both the hot and cold water pipes on the water heater.
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me :) <3
I can't stand DJs who produce a beat and then have someone sing the whole song but the singer only gets a "feature."
wouldn't you have to learn a whole set of new manners when you enter another culture. since the US has so many what can we do?
your bike is pretty rad, gun steel frame.
Yep. Thanks for the perspective, Ken.
"They're really from like Marysville but they say they're from Seattle" about Doug on the Bachelorette -
Enjoy your favorite holiday! !!
u have no energy? What?! Haha why dont u have energy girl?
I think we should include too - Kelsey is in South bay
great memory-jogging tonight! I will -- perhaps it will be part of my dayofdh blog completion this weekend :)
great article on #vegastech... I hope all this happens, though I may have to leave for SF at this point
You're not in Kansas anymore!
something wicked this way comes
New #art New #artshow New #interview New #Job New #Home If Im #dreaming don't wake me up :)
it's a little late on the East Coast!
im not defending her, im just asking why can't it happen? & how is she fake?
hey suga ;-) hope you're marvelous
Lol. RT : Somehow I've become one of those people that's really into Scandinavian electro pop music. Who do I blame for this?
Calling all artists! We are now part of the First Friday Art Trail and would love to see your artwork for consideration to be on the trail!
Win awesome brand new electronics and sweet giftcards at BidFather.com!
My Db is huge from all the different themes and plug-ins I've tried over the years. I should really clean it out!
The main thing is keeping the main thing the main thing. ~ German Proverb ~
#MLBNetwork is pitching the hell out of tonight's #Angels v. #Rangers game. Understandably.
Got my game face on
Yep, "eye surgery" is still traumatic! I was kind of joking around about it but good Lord, it's no joke! I will survive though!
If anyone can do this, Jen, *you* are the one! Thanks so much for all you do for #Joomla!
You should listen to well its old. Its called I shot yya by LLCool j. Fat Joe Foxy Brown remix.
Happy Name Day!
Abt to listen to some music till i fall asleep
what are you trying to accomplish?
RT : Q3)Iif learning pros were to learn one thing from top sports people, what would it be?
Watching Kevin Na try to hit a driver is painful.
Aw, I thought youd never ask hahah
Take the 60day XYNGULAR weight loss for a chance to win $1,000! Contact me! Facebook page~ Xyng4LIFE ;)
Just finished a shoot for my first time in a Universal Studios soundstage! Thanks for making it happen :)
A new creature i just made up lol
Hanging out at Gatorville. Beautiful evening!
So tired
Ryan Braun will see 3 pitches.
The Term "Thick" Is So Misused Nowadays
just got back from Boulder and hanging with the fam.
Sittin right next to lexi........tweetin.......just got out of school and still in my uniform
Honest question: Is there ever any reason I should go to Staten Island?
Happy Easter to our inspirations...the finest. <3 have a good day!!
fanatics in the third ward or replay on north are both good spots
I don't know if it's more important to me to have a baby pygmy hippo or a baby rhino. Now I'm in crisis.
uh, no. no, im not busy. *smiles* how are you? you feeling better?
already turning off #FreeAgents. what a stupid show with zero chemistry between the leads.
I De Clare WAR on the yellow & black team!!! S/O to great pre-game talk with Bob Costas...
THEY JUST SHOWED YOUR POSTER!!!!
Omg my teacher is late for the final
Half a dozen at Kitty Hawk.
say go Cinderella, go Cinderella orgasm blush lipstick & concealer. Devil in a tight dress, girl you a killer & aint nobody realer
Partial family reunion with and
thanks you T
U r comparing mob violence 2 democratic requirements ?
The Ownes brothers are my 2 favorite brothers in hollywood. They are an awesome duo. God bless the Family
don't worry. It's never too latte. :)
Harley Davidson is on-site for a photo shoot! Awesome!
oh yea! alright throwing in the washer right now:)
Good morning! Don't want to get out my warm bed. Keep telling myself I'm up, I'm up.
Just bought the dark blue "Neon Night Variant", thanks for tweeting it!
Beautiful sunrise over the Ohio countryside.
That I must prepare my son 2 live in #America differently from a White father shows that we've yet to reconcile post #Slavery &
Uhh I think that reporter told Thad Matta he was hot...she's obviously drunk
I think the same thing when I read the comments to any js story or editorial. Anonymity breeds contempt?
like i said... me and found a place you will LOVE. and it aint the den...
the posters with the black background? We have extras, call the office after the festival and you can come pick one up.
COME KICK OFF YOUR 2012 SPRING BREAK WEEKEND TONIGHT @ SKY LOUNGE !! 2ND. STREET & WASHINGTON.4 DJS PLAYING YOUR FAVORITE HI HOP MUSIC. 18+
I don't understand my sleep patterns. Not tired at all now yet in 35 min ill be exhausted. Will get 3.5 hrs of sleep and be wide awake.
I can't stand when fat obese bitches cut me off while I'm driving and then mugg me with their fat face
We're putting finishing touches on it now, but word should be out very soon.
RT : RT : "If you don't try you won't make it, if you don't make it you didn't try."
Its cinco de mayo O_O I need to go to 5th street or arimingo.
Determined to hit the gym at least 3 times this week.. been slacking!!
I think we need to go to Pandolfis again! That was fun
I really really hate the steelers... With that said i hope they beat the broncos by a million. Tebow needs to know his place as a back up rb
What are you here for?
The organizers of SlutWalk got together yesterday at Humboldt Park to see the location. It is perfect! Let's fill it up!
yes it's true:) are you also rihanna fan? or you're rihanna?
Am I the only one who DOESN'T think I'm gonna win the lottery tonight? LOL!
If I'm on my way home around then, I'll crash it for 5 minutes. Who is with you from Truscott Rossman?
or that spot in Brandon. Lol
and a big congrats to you as you got before the gossip...you are all so smart!!! u knew what he was capable of!
I hate the library computers!!
....a unique Poetry Contest (there's antique typewriters involved!) on April 24 at the Southern Cafe & Music Hall on the Downtown Mall.
thank you so much
Watching 'A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash'. and I can't help but feel we're sheep mingling in a herd. If I was in power, I'd be hating life
Yeah, I got all weepy watching the Parks & Rec season finale at 1 a.m. last night, my ears still ringing from the Flogging Molly show. So?
I just realized I spelled dessert desert. My bad!
stand in front of your fridge in you underwater drinking from a carton.
3 more to go!! ;-) RT : you made it through the early morning! Woot woot! ^_^
I know, right!
Women just don't get it. Ad far as treatment is concern, men will only give you what you accept
Horrible second half for Wade & James. It's one game I don't see that happening again but can't happen with Bosh out as well.
Just added to the #wfx expo floor
we need to accept that print books are dead. Accept it and move on
RT : Yo - come give the a wave after May 5th game || : I'll do it... looking forward to it
we're working on a new exciting thing
awh thanks love :) x
#ilookforward to seeing LE boyfriend Saturday <U+2764>
In the mood to go in the pool.
That would be great! Would love to catch up!
my eye doctor loo
does creativity require solitude?
imagine if was the DJ at your sweet sixteen.
i nvr had a prom date and was actually lookin foward to havin one. i just been havin bad luck all yr :(
If you have multiple events or practices in one day make sure you are keeping carbs with you to refuel.
All you know is all you need to be great
he may suck but he has 20+year history w NY sports,some emotional appearances after 9/11.But I know Green is military& better.
How lucky we are to be so close to you. The aroma. The lift. The perfection. Ah.
you pitching a perfect game today?
Hey Portland bet your having a great Monday...
everybody shoe some love 2
#TexasFilmHallOfFameAwards a night to remember.
I'm just gonna starve myself tomorrow
I wish man! It's just not possible with his leg injuries. He's to slow. Old tmac was amazing.
Ha my nigga i gotta come down to Balitmore chill with you my nigga been to long
Haha yeah me to(: thanks i think she is to(;
God must have spent a little more time on
My Arbitrary Day presents are going to make you barf up your puffin out of pure envy.
Little 2much fun :) RT: So much fun at last night! late morning for me ”
If i'm ever on life support do not pull the plug no matter what my signifigant other or family say.
Question of the Day: How are you sabotaging your own success?
Lmao yea I'm up here now bout to swap the phone out
that would be nice.
Looks like a Tuesday Night home game for the vs the #Clippers or
Maybe next time, if we're wanting to save money on operators, we should consider parrots.
Your mission to discredit and disparage teachers will fail because parents and students know the truth of what we do.
thank you so much! Hope to see you soon!
What's considered more dominant -- sweeping a team though each game was decided by 2-3 pts, or 7 game series where 4 wins were by 15+?
i just tried to be the nice guy.
I am coming over for dinner
Do you feel a disconnect between your web presence and the character of your business? I can provide a fresh redesign. Email
Dear Injury Gods, What....the hell...did we do to enrage you so? -
why the hell did glee try to remake that song , their version is horrible
Why do people get married only to brake -up??!!
random.. But we learned about it in art history. Its an irish thing. Then the christian or chathlics (cant remeber ) stole it
She rocked
I like it! They burgers big! RT : What is WHATABURGER hittin on these days?
Madea is funny as hell xD
fans! Send us your #raunchy shirt ideas. Nothing is off limits! If we #like your idea we'll definitely give you props!
Omg my brother drives slow
Did Jewel get her grill fixed? # thevoice
Even if you don't like me I bet you fall in love with my ride
I have emotions/smileys on my phone and it's got loads of smileys :) and symbols <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> hope that helps x
Officer Kimble on duty guarding tanker trucks.
and that is the gazillion dollar question I've been pondering the past 24 hours. If you figure it out please share.
that was a surprise -- TT must like what he sees - let me know when u get sound from him!
Entrepreneurship is the pursuit of opportunity without regard to resources currently controlled. - Howard Stevenson
#nw Belly. This movie is the shit
HB 1075 would effectively reinstate Arveschoug-Bird formula, which was on books from 1991-2009. Ample evidence it’s bad policy.
Going back to watching ID Channel.
I love you baby *_*
where is that?
Is the Warped 2012 Compilation CD in stores already?
Not New York v. New England #already seenthismatchup
“: On top of everything just blew all our minds this weekend!!!”
lol not gonna lie I sat front row and tried to reach out to the screen
Perfect! I have received requests for orgs too. Looking forward to your post.
I love that you still follow Universal Hub. Even in SF, the Red Line is still breaking down in your heart.
“The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.”
Thanks for the RT We're absolutely looking forward to #ITACityLIGHTS! It's going to be great!
Ah! Thanks for the info! Sorry to hear people are doing that! But happy it wasn't a clue!
Me too RT : Open invitation to Mike Francesa to have me on the air today to talk the business of horse racing...or Twitter
Excited to meet with and pivotpointcom! If only we were
Good day, y'all :) just sitting in the woods by the lake. May hit up the tube behind the jet ski in a bit. What are you up to today? :)
The holy grail of an online community is intimacy and quality relationships.
what!? howd you get more followers than me?? lol
Do not allow yourself or others to be defined by your limitations, but rather, abilities. - Eric Duquette
look, aren't you fed up with asking the guy such stupid questions? If he finds a girl friend, he'll keep it a secret!
John Foley, the chairman of Metropolitan Water District, voted to award $9 million in contracts to firms that paid his wife as a consultant
Glad you made it out last night. Fun times! Don't worry, this home is very much permanent, despite what some apps say.
Ted Kluszewski wants a word
so confusing
Follow me :)
those are dope man, good luck
New site is slowly coming together.
Love this! #Boston RT : The time for average is over ~ bring something extra to the game!
it had everything you said you'd support so time to show you mean what you say
I love you too. <3
Work hard play hardd
if you have any information regarding the whereabouts of tommy hecht, last seen saturday night on water street contact the milwaukee police.
lmfao i love the boyz impressions
my breakfast should be sex -,- but no i'm drinkin water<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We are the Computer camp generation and we are going to take over! Go Gen X
And, of course, thanks to you!
pass that
Join me, members of the and our VERY SPECIAL GUEST at "In The Mix" May 2012 on May 17th!
went to dinner so i'm recording myself singing bass parts on everything. is playing kazoo solos.
I changed it..im gonna dm it to you now..
Mark, welcome to #CreativeGood. If you have any questions, let us know. cc
Driving up north to deal with a civil suit. My attorneys have it on lock though. We're taking the bullsh*t to trial & the defense will rest.
: 3 out of the 4 lrgst financial institutions are bigger today than b4 financial crisis began
you seem like the type to love 'em & leave 'em
Rick also think that only lesbian women should be allowed in army, and we should reinstate DADT for men only.
Sometimes I would trade my soul for a Wendy's chicken sandwich, but I guess the sandwich is worth more.
I will teach you some interesting words! Go ahead and ask! Free #PortugueseLessons for all :)
Tornado watch? Ehh I want a California roll tho!
Just linked with and in 3 days will get my first shipment. You might never find me at the mall again.
That is exciting news, ! Consider it a holiday gift from all of us here at Safer!
Thanks for nothing
I'm good to go for #cfobjective. Presentation done. Demo done. Tested. Retested. Handouts ready. Practice talk tomorrow.
good morning sweetie!!! =)
what subject are you best at?
What time is it?? game muthafuckin time ..
it was great seeing you! You look amazing thanks doll!
Love, love, love my new boots. I'll be getting a ton of use out of them!
lol im not innocent. only thing holdin up my halo is my horns. lol
Thanks man, it went well. Now it's sit and wait time.
Awww well hell with this teachers gossip more than students
Thank you! *does happy dance*
Hugo Boss sample sale prices: outerwear/jackets/dresses first $99, second $49, skirts/jersey/denim/tops $29
Obama just said that he thinks same-sex couples should get married.
Thank you, Lisha!
Kate Bush's Wuthering Heights
Thoughts on calling you all disrespectful for using his moves?
he a unknown as* rapper brah 50 way nicer than u cuz
Got teary eyed watching #TheAvengers ! Absolutely loved it. Way better than every individual movie.
Mr. College Boy Store Clerk, you get brownie points for calling me "miss" instead of "ma'am".
And what's more valuable, 100's views on YouTube OR 5 views (legit leads) on MLS / agent site that?
2900 here we come! If you don't like us on FB yet get to it! We want to know all of you wonderful people. www.facebook.com/fallencaptive
i know how tht is
Facebook says we're friends, but trust me…I wouldn't hesitate to throw a chair at your face.
Interesting article! We're working on living up to our motto of "The City that Reads" through sponsoring literacy programs
I am a registered voter, and very proud of that. Pro-equality, progressive, and proactive.
How are you suppose to keep 1yr olds from pulling hair? I have tried everything!
Get a job&make your own money then go shopping. Ungrateful as muthafuckas. Quit being a whiny bitch cus you can't go shopping.
Pissed off an Usher last night in the 6th when I jinxed the whole game by saying "This is going by quickly tonight!" Game still ended 10:30
You are welcome my friend -
Lyrical Trilogy will be opening for TWISTA show at The Clubhouse in Tempe on the Feb 21st. Dont wait get at me for THE tix only 20...
Eyes watering
` Cn't wait for the courtwarming game (:
Syracuse basketball is what I am watching! Lets go #Cuse!
working with today
uh..your a little busy andy ;)
yes but we have the air on. the upstairs is roasting hot. we have two cool rooms downstairs.
I look like shit.... Good thing no one care :/
“: Miami females what it is!”IONO???? The water????? Lol
why am i such a loser i should really just say hi!!!
*point and laugh* hahahahaRT “ Off early on a Saturday thank you Jesus” << jealous
Unbearable Doer Of Wrong - Curse The Son
A as well!
Happy New Year's everyone! Can't wait to sing at Dixieland. And hang out with :)
i cannot wait till friday!!
shoot at least your doing more than me.. lol I need to get my so called fat A** in a routine..
bang bang
Love Bob Marley!!!
I am so afraid of listening to WP too much that one day I'll get tired of them :( that thought is so heartbreaking
You aren't really beautiful until you believe it.
Hey UV-free tanners! The VERSA SPA machine will be set up on 12/12 and will be ready to use in the evening! We'll keep you updated ;)
thanks for the coverage of today CEO of
Blended some raw Irish moss in to my smoothy. It's loaded with protein, A,B,C,D vitamin and lot of other life-enhancing nutrients.
dearest couldn't let another day go by without thanking you and saying howdodyoudodude?
We should always have time to review our life to ensure we are heading in the right direction.
Referrals are like finding onion rings in with French fries.
her mother gives me life. That is how you live at 76! Love some Mrs. Shirley!
You're a humble guy buddy, you're on your way! Come see me soon!
Why do it seem tht we forget how far we really came.
Tebow time? Next season can't wait!
yea oh we better! Lol
I just heard HEALTH in a Max Payne 3 ad. WHAT THE FUCK YOU GUYS
None that I can think of RT : Rain in #Texas. Is any sound sweeter these days?
feel kind of stalker right now. I want to reply every twitter of my following one's. Am I nuts? OMG
call me now !!!! Lol
Any composers out there using a licensing site where you upload your music to be used for TV/Film? Pros/cons?
Rails for Zombies much?
Time to sleep. This princess needs her beauty sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I love watching #GPSCNN with He's just brilliant!
come to Vegas and see with us!
MORE: The matter has now being turned over to CPD.
Studies show that #fruits and #veggies make you cuter! How awesome it that!
So damn hungry!!! -_-
1871- Canada set it’s currency in dollars, cents and mills.
Life is painful, nasty and short... in my case it has only been agonizing and wicked.
Thanks, Bob!
im so glad I have u to look up to. U follow ur dreams and ur beyond beautiful(jelouse) :)
you wish it was yours, bitch.
Ill be in Illinois tomorrow. You're still the nicest lady I've met thus far :)
Bracket Time
Are you done with your mock?
So, when are we getting married?
how is that possible?!? We are having a Titanic drinking night when we are both in the same town again! :D
Matthew Broderick, hands down, best commercial!!! :D
Come on in for some piercings with John D. today! Also Gustavo still has some openings for tattoos!
Actually, the older I get I think the less mature I am...it is a regression in progress.
“An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered.”- G. K. Chesterton
Pet First aid classes - who knew? Karla Perez, of Fido & Co., teaches a class this Saturday (619)295-9663
Good luck!
I'd be happy to eat either of those. But I'm eating cheese and crackers instead -__-
Besides being paid from clients... I love getting to work directly with them and hear how happy they are with my work... go freelance!
Live screen printing demonstrations at bohemian market downtown at 345 sixth ave by consuul! Come check it out!
Mango Mimosas, anyone?
I like orange in my twitcon <<<
Thanks so much for the mention!
I'll make it just for you!!
If by today you mean at the Congress Theater show, then yes! That was me! :)
Mr. Fitz and Dr. Wren
Hey holmes! Hold it down in Minny for me! Have a great week!! xx
woo hoo! meal plans are awesome even if they are pseudo lol
Hey babe, Can we make a porno together?? 8 piece wont hurt u!
www.scoresluda.com It's the joint.
Will I even be friends with the same people this time next year?
My hair is so red. I'm so ready for this Peter Pan job!
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
I do... Price Restoration.. I need to find his number.. Do you need it designed too?
lol im learning but he is obsessed
So tired or the FAKE. Where is the REAL?
I love South Padre Island, but don't have enough beach time. Paragraphs continues to grow it's customer base around the RGV.
Night My Peeps
#kids Omnimax Shows at Carnegie Science Center, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Watch a movie on the largest film frame in the motion picture...
Let the beating begin.
some weeks are so much harder than others...i miss my boy already #lonelywithouthim :(
Yes I do! What's up??
she hott, we need to Colab asap
Cats and dogs. Ninjas. Chaplin. Futurama. Peas. Coffee. Futbol. :) Dorothy Parker or Flannery O'Connor?
Comgrats Ramon Purcell and Darren Edwards, new co-presidents of ASMP-SD
The world is a business, Mr. Beale.
Blew dance auditions. :(
tommorrow is #trainthursday When u go 2 train museum & show ur tic get free kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase
Sure, I can recc'd tons of material for you to read . . . what's your 'bent' these days? Bent = current passion/flavor/interest?
Saturday mornings are a great time to stop by and browse our lot! Melloy Dodge is located at 9621 Coors Blvd.,
I think you have a secret side that all of us rocketeers dont know about.
ehhh not too practical either
8:40 can it be nap time already?!
some luke bryan & kenny chesney to end the day. ina country mood today.
My RA tells me that BADGES are the new DIPLOMAS! This reminds me of Boy Scouts!
Did ya guys makes it??
nice quote
I accidentally flyered my own car. It was a good evening.
#Sixers back from the dead with plenty of time left. Only down one.
Woo i turned 24 today (:
Aren't we lucky Milwaukeeans? RT Saw the lake steaming this morning on way in to work. Beautiful.
can you guys cover Rocketship by Shane Harper? Or Can't Stop by The After Party?
thanks for the shout-out! Nice going on those kick ass morning ratings!
Im retweetin this all day today
Stay simply beautiful <3
be strategic about color, sometimes the strategy is to have no strategy
Cape coral?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being doubted
When Huey Lewis sang about wanting a new drug, was he really asking for an iPhone?
Indeed!:D
Just tapped a sixtel of Great Lakes Edmund Fitzgerald Nitro. Perty little beer on a day like this.
haha that's awesome, i need to start working out at your gym. that's prime people watching right there.
I fully expect a torrential downpour in roughly 15 seconds.
Halftime show = disappointing
Heading to grocery store to stock up for the big Thanksgiving feast!
6th seeded #Aztecs are actually underdogs heading into Friday's game against 11th seeded NC State according to Vegas odds makers
Awhh shanks my dream just came true<3(:
nothing . *I Love Him*
I need to start tweeting about meaningful stuff instead of useless crap lololol
Thanks for the follows and belated thanks
Wake up in the morning feeling like CRUD.
Flying is simply throwing yourself at the ground and missing
<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5> Thalia is in Mexico already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Beautiful day for a BBQ. We're at the south end of the park. Come join us!
Glad you like the planting them, BTW nice avatar : )
RT perhaps a driving tour down the east coast is called for this summer. / we'll leave the light on!
so when are we going thrifting...?
which makes no sense because tiana's prince gets to meet people
Goodnight twitter, see you in the am.
This school doesn't have an damn tissues.
I hate when he don't text me back, too busy for me
39 Essential Tools for Marketing Your
ok, i'll have to figure it out when i get home in a few hrs. gave it a shot on the work computer. i'll let you know! thanks!
It's National Bike to School Day tomorrow! Will your kids be participating? Maybe they deserve a cone after school?
Rocked the #alamw12 5k this morning then went back to bed for 2 more hours
I especially loved the Sabotage section (my favorite Beastie Boys song).
One World Trade Center reaching new heights in New York. See the progress on
Me: "the volume won't work" Him: "you're holding the remote upside down & pushing the wrong button."
Who knew it was so hard to de-jarganify academic speak. Decreasing Flesch-Kincaid reading grade level is much harder than I thought. (-_-)'
Prom is today? Time flies O.o
Thanks for the follow. Unfortunately we're just a disaster- nothin' beautiful about us...
Hardcore practice yesterday. We got a new song down added to our set, its the first song after our intro. Lyrics are being made soon!
Loved this quote, thanks for sharing. Hope you're following me as well.
it is pretty legit
aw, thanks love!
it takes more than a movie to pay me back...you guys are missing out on
it is hot as hell i need something cold to drink or something lol
": M that sounds good." Too bad it made me sick:/
San Antonio: Dense Fog Advisory until 10AM. The rest of the week cloudy, humid and breezy with showers. Today AM fog, then m/sunny, high 78
The most annoying text message: "So are you not talking to me anymore?" #somebodytellmewhy you have nothing interesting to say...
yes!! that other app sucks!!! >.<
I say what ever is on my mind
The true impact of #Easter is just incredible. He died just for me.
solid desire for any day. Happy birthday and good to meet you Friday!
Lost the mic attachment for my Control headphones. Any way to request / purchase a replacement?
Slowly fading
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
Of course, apologies to the non-librarians who are about to be spammed with conference tweets.
This year going by super duper fast
When it's something I want, it's a right. When it's something you want, it's special treatment.
: we didn't have any science ha but
The Pitsburgh Pirates are actually a bad ass team
For a great life coach who can help you put the passion into your life #Follow-->> for daily advice.
Is Raymond Felton the most hated Blazer since the Jailblazers era? Listening to the radio today, the ire toward him is very un-Portland-like
YES...I've proven that high-quality steak CAN be successfully slow-warmed in microwave without sacrificing much flavor. Office smells great!
Aye . Saw The CUTEST Boy At The Mall . ;-*
and she is certain all the green is for her! Lol!
Yesterday but yesterday he didn't creep... /:
"Justin likes to sing in the shower , he probaly uses Jerry as the microphone' LMAAAAOOO I love this fanbase so much <3
Yes! Tweaker did open that one.
I just held the bathroom door for Tufte himself.
Girls who have boyfriends that upset you shouldn't be able to drive
DUHH are you kidding!! ": so is making me tweet. Are you happy?"
Where is this Jordy Nelson BS coming from?
Gracias! I can now officially graduate... And then take the boards lol
way to not stop bc that was a little rough. Our abs will thank us later, and our hearts can thank us now.
You there now?!
I get it, I just don't like it. It bores me. I live in NYC; I see people all day in the street
Just opened up: HR internship# in NYC# and Sports marketing internship#NYC for college or high school summer internships#
problem is you HAVENT been to Cancun, you were in Cancun Fla. I was exchange student for 2 years downtown is fab
my cube smells of candy corns and today, that's a good thing.
We need to chill this summer!
its crazy how time can change alot of things
Damn.. I forgot my G was gettin out da max today!
: ahh have one near me .would bring u some if I lived close
anyone know if Persona 3 is any good? all I know about it is high school kids shoot themselves in the head alot.
I Get My Main Answer Within 3 Days <3 :]
Thank you so much!! xo
No such thing at D3.
not yet, just found out today. Menu is posted, no prices. Hopefully it's not too pricey.
Today was so long:)
Hipsters and Librarians are well suited. Both are over educated and the majority are underemployed.
Nvmd, i got some
Can we get a follow... Orphanz™
Marsha sounds terrible!
if you know somethings gonna piss me off why do it ..?
Im up >_< but I slept very well im not tired :Pb
Duke University MBA Program : How to Apply | Higher Studies
I am voting for you!!! All the best! I agree with your stand on all issues. I think the US needs help, you can do that for us!
There is more than one?
^NB I can help, what r u trying to do? Share files?
sorry. so it's plantable
<<< Have you looked at the Les Mills Pump?
Next week is Teacher Appreciation Week. It's the perfect time to look up a favorite teacher and say "You know what? Thanks."
any freaking time :)
superluv is my fave song, my summer song is Summertime by Fresh Prince and DJ Jazzy Jeff
I hope everyone has a great weekend!!! :-)
great! Will send you dets soon
Hello . You're beautiful . For a potatoe . And I think I might wear my Jesus shoes tomorrow . Okay bye<3
I'm bout to bring the cd player back. All those cds just sittin around...
It means someone is overly self-indulgent and hasn't figured out how computer cameras work.
me and my bro were just talking about that fight. I'm so down! Jones is a effing beast
My rhyme styles unorthodox.
So....did the Orioles win?
Microsoft Remote Desktop Disconnection....
I can't wait for Top Golf in Allen to open.
Probably, but you got to reinforce good behavior even if it's late to the party.
Need a reason to be an artist or designer? The average American spends 97,864 hours at work. Shouldn't you have a job you love?
I'm excited for tomorrow morning for some reason
: if I do the doctorate, I will officially smash it out of the ballpark.
I want to lol
Annual #HawRiverCleanUpAThon tomorrow 11-1pm. Meet at Grove at 11am to take part in keeping this river beautiful. Thanks for your support.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who makes you smile :)
Low interest loans would help!
Today, Was the Most Awkward Day Today in My Life.
ok ok, it was easy :)
All the so-called 'secrets of success' will not work unless you do.
IT'S THE SAME SHIT
Haven't done my research yet, but a few names in mind. Want to do it right since it'll be a long term relationship.
feeling the call of ski season. It's just around the corner...
Adventure filled weekend complete with new friends & new bars in Venice (Santa Monica?) explored! Now back to the grind...
im not even gonna start....
Thanks for the follow Wendy!
Even if your not LGBT, please sign the petition located in my other tweet. ALL humans have the right to life!
RT Is it really Red Friday? Or is it 'Red Friday if the bastards were winning?' I think it's Blue Friday
Founder of Seal Team Six Says US Must Attack Iran - American Free Press
Marquis Who's Who: Ben, Congratulations on being selected for 2012 Who's Who in America! 95,000 of USA's highest achievers
Im having a W.T.F. moment?"
U another Sicki Garbaj using 's name 2 get your out there,pathetic!! People with real talent prove they earned a spot
They got married in the temple in Arizona last weekend.
where at?
we may need to wait until tomorrow to have the race. vs
good, that place gets dead
Talk about embarrassing hahaha
Water damage can cause termites, and mold. Lets us fix the problem. 305-232-3344
thank you! :)
Holdin resentment towards another is like swallowing poison and waitin for tha other person to die, they go on w life while u suffer
“: .lol shout out for shout out I think !” lol I know now lmao
no and im sitting here thinking y im even alive and Crying my eyes out.....
DICK IN YO FACE
Nashville, starting the year off in New Orleans, about to take on the great
Wet Practice!
Great meeting today with our distributor #UNMPress. Thanks for all the uber helpful info on e-books!
rent a grandma is trending on Yahoo...thats funny and odd!
We already know #TDCJ prisoners cant talk to international family. #Texas hates cell & VOIP family too apparently... And the 21st century...
The annual Fry-B-Q is back this Saturday: "you buy, we fry" - bring anything edible and they will fry it!
I can see its going to be impossible to get you to follow me
Bring the whole family and celebrate the holiday with us tomorrow. The museum is open from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Happy Veterans Day!
That which describes us needn't define us.
well - I can't fault you liking the Habs - they are Hockey! Rich history for sure
I did that once. The cops were PISSED.
Need to find someone else new. And who loves Set Your Goals as much as me.
Query: if I'm going 2 wear black, why not rewear dress from 1st #blackchampagne?
If you drink coffee why not drink healthy coffee! :www.energyconnection.organogold.com
well ok I will stay on for ten more mins ok :)
Heather's house is really nice. I'm not mad at her. :-)
The way it conjures up people from your past, maybe Facebook is really just a social Ouija board.
throw it already
WEATHER BLOG: Thunderstorms? « CBS Baltimore
That's pretty odd... and lucky! Sorry you got broken into, but I'm glad your thieves were bad at their job.
MT : Fantastic striped bass at Ma Peche. But why call it "Montauk" fish -- unless it's poached? No legal NY stripers till 7/1.
Ahw great! My friend will be happy to hear that :) if we get together later you could thank her in person!
Sorry but the link you issued is bad.
Haha! I totally freaked out!!
Yuck. At least we had a 6 run 9th.
Plays MR Fest tomorrow night!! 11:30 - Texas Music Theater
Morning Jeremy!
Is it difficult for you to follow me ?? Follow me, please <U+2665>
I would. Feel free to hit up my mgr for details :)
I'm fasting from social media today so I'll make this quick...I am so so so so SO glad is not with that Marlo chick anymore!!
Aw just saw this, thank you lovely!
before I meant and okay
I would love that!! I need to get a new Skype profile- this is the perfect inspiration. Can't wait to hear her updates.
Getting myself a gluten free pizza right now! Full report to follow. #celiac #gfree #
Good to see you Friday! Big week ahead right?? Keep me posted!
My mom is guna kill me for giving her good umbrella to my brother but he walked me to the car after church and didn't have one
Been saying this for a while...#Sonos is the poor mans music mecca for your home. Add iphone, Spotify & Pandora & bam! a Smart Home
Nope, not going to LA this time around. I'll meet up with you and another time!
I've come a long long way now I'm feeling invincible.
what time is it over? We tryna fall through
When was the last time you replaced your washing machine hose? Prevent water damage:
funny. When you couldn't sleep I was getting up for practice...#sowrong :)
I recognize that dick!
thanks man. I work right next to Reagan National Airport so it flew by pretty close
!!!! Do it to em RT : Oh RT : MAVS fans jus need to go to bed, dnt make me pull out my broom
Being a college bookstore manager, plus #beef producer equals very busy life this time of the year.
hahahahahahhaha no not you promise!
No problem! Oh, by the way. My sorority is having a golf tournament on the 14th. I can get you the details if you and some ...
Do you want to start an online healthy coffee business?
on the way!
It's official! and I have booked a trip to NYC! Cannot wait to see the #Cattelan show at !
#fridayreads: You know when you finish a book and you miss the characters? That feeling = THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU (ARC) by
transient zombie?
The SEO agency email spam must stop!
Excited to be with in Tonight's film: -- Toxic spraying continues 2 yrs after
<U+266A>I'll Never Let Go Never Say Goodbye<U+266A>
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us. Without their music this would not be possible!
a while ago, cause I called u nd u said ima call u back. Nd it never happened
my crib.
Life is what you make out of it. sometimes you have to take the good with the bad, but the total outcome is on you,
I didn't know they had TV 143 years ago. :)
What movie?
Advisors, watch this one! MT : #Finovate #Iquantifi showing financial goals on a timeline. Slide goals around & system recalculates
were you are the women in science event tonight?
Happy energy is flowing!
I'd buy for my daughter if it was polish like piggy paint...non toxic. That be the perfect product!
hahahahahahahah we are in the same shoe lol so wat do yhu suggest we shld do bae x
Thanks for the follow :)
It's really charming, for sure. Lots of dogs to play with on the sidewalk today too.
well, i met andy and jordan outside, and on stage i waved to andy, we smiled back, waved to deryck, he waved back and smiled (c)
throw ur body kiss; so delicious..when we french kiss ;D <33
Got that BLUE DREAM on deck, put your order in. going fast. Be out by too night.. Off today making rounds.
Fellow gamers: Thinking about unloading my Mage Knight collection. Mostly first-edition stuff. Any idea how to figure out their values?
#Studio flow then off to tha
wow..cool..i don't know how to use this thing called instagram..hopefully i can play wid it tomorrow.
The new Defenders series has really renewed my love of the Defenders.
“The differences existing between nations and peoples will soon be annulled, and the fundamentals…” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá #239DaysLive [1/2]
I would have been a month on the 6th...
Where were you?
im not sure i see this going anywhere.. maybe we should stop this
Thanks, biz must support the communities that support them!!
Im watching looks cute...!
Don't you think getting people talking is doing something?
Had fun 4 my sister birthday Happy 21st Birthday Girl Love You!!!!
have you ever had beef stroganoff? ..did you like it?
It's demo time! It never ends, does it?
omg, I've been wanting to for the longest time
Somewhere, a publicist says "Doh!" RT Enjoying last of truffles sent by mysterious publisher/publicist. No note in the box.
I dont like creepers that stare like hardcore stare, like wtf?
can I be lana del ray?
Hey, Zendaya! How are you?
what trolls? Lmao
I wanted Michelle Williams to win so I could look at that outfit some more!
Wow! Only 5 days until #THEDRAMAYEARS hits book stores near you! So proud of you and all of your many accomplishments <3
ain't no town pool that shit the YMCA nucka
idk but im going with a bunch of people from 8th grade to the same hs so thats good
got Sum Soup : )
Me and auss quote the notebook to each other. <3
lucky u
are you with paul? or..
Probably don't say this enough: Thanks, Jeff Buckley.
Solis Energy is heading to Miami,Fl Jan 25th for the IP-in-Action LIVE 2011 USA and Global Events! If you come say Hi! www.SolisEnergy.com
you mean ass creed bros. was that a convention you posted from? i'm catching up...
I've been married for 15 years, is it free internet? Seems like a fair trade! :-/
wow, cnn and msnbc taking foxnews to task...
lol if you listen to Meek mill live freestyle and listen to flexing on his mixtape..same damn thing
Sawyer from Ratliff gives its largest lead at 5-2.
oh yea..all orders will be entered into our contest to win a copy of MLB The Show '12 for PS3 or PSVita
#Kubuntu is up on my #xenserver now to see if I like it.
Shut up and whats wrong LOL
uhm i can only see 5 of my mentions and two of my favorites ?
Wait a minute...You didn't steal the cookie from the cookie jar? Then Who???
Y'all should follow & get them to 400 followers. They're pretty legit :)
I like Joe Paterno's work ethic and legacy as a football coach, but we must put our children first, :., I totally agree with the decision.
If the #Kony2012 guy had his way, we'd be covering the night with something a little more disgusting than posters.
happy birthday to my lame ass brother....... happy birthday to him!!! xD <3
2012! It's the year the illuminati is going to take over the world through the youth nd kill us all!!! D'; LOL!
Thanks for the mention!
I know. D;
I can't envision Dark Shadows being any good since all the commercials for it are focused on Burton/Depps past work & not this film at all…
Yeah, not so much. :/
"HARD WORK WILL PAY OFF LATER. LAZINESS PAYS OFF NOW!"
Afternoon baseball & evening NCAA hockey? What a glorious day of sports we have on tap.
COOL MORNING! Learn it. Love it. Trend it! :D
Miami Heat, Orlando Magic, Utah Jazz, Tampa Bay Lightining, Oklahoma City Thunder
Steve Jobs, thank you for changing our world forever...we will miss u
I think 's helicopters are buzzing over my apartment right now. Kinda bugs. Since he's pro #gaymarriage now, I'll let it slide.
for the new 2013 dates, how do we get access to the one direction presale?
Just a night at home with a bottle of wine.
She's 20 but acts younger. She's smart, but doesn't know what she's doing. I don't think she'd had sex other than rape
I cant disappoint people! If I do I melt down.
Gota used coffee table
Thanks for the wonderful meeting alderman Foulkes. Looking forward to to implementing some amazing new initiatives together!
definitely - some networks broadcast 16:9 HD and crop to 4:3 for SD. Overscan ruins lives, etc.
:+D RT : You never know what people are going through. A simple smile and a few words could completely change someone's day.
I want to see a television drama about a warm-blooded killer
Defend the #StanleyCup ! Let's go, Bruins!
hard to tell.
Cross between the Go go's concert and twitter: We got the tweet, we got the tweet, yeeeaaa, we got it! Everyone knows the tune, sing along!
Music isn’t just learning notes and playing them, You learn notes to play to the music of your soul. – Katie Greenwood
and the other one.
76 % of domestic violence shelters (three out of four) indicate their funding has decreased the most from governmental organizations
He still a stupid bitch tho #AtTheEndOfTheDay *Shrugs*
that's called payper view
We gonna party all night !!! No sleep! !!
RT : I AM SO CONCERNED ABOUT MY PRIVACY *continues to publish shit all over the internet anyway, is also retarded*
Where is President's leadership? Libya? High oil prices and foreign depedence? Hige deficits? Inflated dollar? Porous borders? No jobs?
Need ideas for holiday or bday gifts? #giveaway toy consultation www.knowledgesafari.com click blog from
have you showered yet?
you could be one! Just sayin again;)lol
Watching Coming to America
lol ikr ...get ya ass back on ps3
"Stop expecting the fight to be fair."
Stand up by Everyday Sunday
d(^_^)b {{Single & I'm So Fucken Rocking It}} Boyfriend WHAT, HUH, WHO, Hahaha U Wish U Had Me
Can school end like NOW!!
I thank my God every time I remember you. In all my prayers for all of you, I always pray with joy. - Philippians 1:3-4
ya know I forgot to say: I got the flu and set the table and went up to bed before my guests arrived!
getting better, but still some issues at times. I have tomorrow off, so resting. Thanks for checking in :-)
it's wonderful, sadly underrated I thought.
hey Lisa! Sorry to hear about your Colts player. :(
Just for one day so we could meet up with E's to fly to Panama. We'll be back Aug. 4th...you luv some India :-)
Paying attention to Lanham
still a Nissan...
LOL. you know me too well! ;P
The icebergs of this world may try to sink us,but we shall stay afloat!!
This is such a non-diehard fan thing to say but I just can't understand how teams don't come out ready to play in the playoffs.
thanks looking foward to some new ja
Come on pds please?
Definitely Lisa. She's got the brains and understands business.
Smell the rainfall, and feel the wind. Enjoy life to the fullest possibility, and fight for your wishes.
A skillet of bright green vegetables to tuck under fish
What is a book? says "it's something with an ISBN!" Awesome.
Terrence Howard has a funny ass voice.
": " and that's the best start to any Sunday. I love you
The cubs beat the reds lol
#Coyotes are up 1-0...they have 7 shots on goal late in the 2nd...
brb, just crying while watching glee
Most smokers develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS, fight plaque
Jaguar Land Rover continues to expand - Ninemsn
so whats up..
Conversation needed.
You are ALL beautiful!
Lower your pitch n ur voice and put ur sweater with super powers back on Santorum
Imma stop saying "how stupid can u be" people r starting to take that as a challenge
i wonder how long my time line would be if i started it from when i first joined twitter
Residential households store 5 times more computer products (by weight) than commercial establishments.
Will be working 8-5 every day this summer. Welcome to the real world I guess
What's On Your Mind (Pure Energy) was a One Hit Wonder. Its #NowPlaying on and Back In The Day Cafe with
If I die tonight the autopsy is going to reveal that I O.D.'d on cheese.
you wish ;)
Last night, me: "can I use your hairspray?" : "I don't use hairspray." me: "WHAT??????"
Relax day for ya boi aint doing nothing
The #Nuggets have given up 11 offensive to the #Lakers. That's too many. #Denver only has 10 assists too.
what's yours?
There will be silence now...it's Game of Thrones time...
its so much better then the droid
im home!!! I need to visit Joilet
Can't wait
Not quite the fancy restaurant "find" but good none the less.. So what about propose a place in two weeks?
It's opening night in Phoenix for "The Great Gatsby!"
Come to now and let by you a drink!
I feel like my "best friend" isn't actually my best friend anymore..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I don't think Anzalone was ever going to be a Buckeye. His dad is obviously pushing the Gators. The sex offender is convenient excuse.
Ditto from me! Sending you a virtual hug, Suzanne!
oh yea...lol that sucks,but you'll be okay
Apparently clever commercial Sunday is over.
done ...btw is that you on youre profile`s picture?
#DailyRebellion: Getcha sexy back. We suggest for help.
oops it's Duffys in Plantation! Sorry
IIRC, Deadpool was based on Deathstroke: The Terminator from DC Comics.
Sign up for membership @ the welcome table. Free 50/50 ticket and Spartan swag of ur choice
He's not. That's my boo!
Word from above is that article I began working on in 2005 will appear in pages of Law and Social Inquiry in August. <exhale>
haha i forgot where i got it from
Local police play a critical role in border protection yet are funded by the poorest communities in USA, says TX consultant
First night we've not watched Harry potter.....what's happening. It's okay tho were watching the Lizzie McGuire movie
Stop fucking bunting. You play fucking first base.
Yeah I didn't know he lived there and w/e so x) But I really liked him
About to pull up..
or I want to punch you in the face. Lmfao am I right?
Booked talent for a commercial shooting tomorrow! :) Congratulations Clara!!
We're servin' up lunch Sugar Shack style. Come on by
followed follow back pls.. thanks
Amanda, welcome to HOTlanta & #oyou2011. we missed the IKEA event (even after early RSVP); heard it was over capacity. SAT!
I think they blocked Facebook again off the schools shit :( Fml..
All of the Harris Mothers, Fay Coleman, Marilyn Smith, Valerie Harris, Christina James, Mary Lee Janae Harris and Tanya Harris Love
what time?
next time.
My tolerance for bullshit is way lower than it used to bein'
Thanks 4 the good vibes girl! Love u blondie. Hope to see u later this afternoon:)
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
I just watch the commercial for the money movie for disneychannel and i wonder why i felt like crying???
Every word I said is what I mean Everything I gave is what I need
Today's torta is a 3 oz. grilled swordfish with black bean pico de gallo, avocado and Coa mayo!!! Couldn't be more delicioso!!!!!!!!!!!!
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Dalton Rice °Rising 9th Las Cruces, New Mexico °Travel Team: Mesilla Valley Christian Power Forward 6’5
totally worth it! Lol
Thinking outside the box. I like it. Not sure it's got the media market is looking for tho.
Do not think about the past. Accept the Present. Think for the Future, and face tomorrow with a sweet and beautiful smile<3
Still have the 1st USB drive I owned, paid $40 for 128MB. 2GB drives are freebies now but are obsolete with cloud storage.
today. today? today! (all have applied to this day)
I love youu <3 and you're music .
not sure if it's an accident. but definitely bad karma.
"It's not what you do, its how you do" Lil Wayne
Heidi Klum just filed for divorce?! Both of my girls in one month! 2012 isnt looking so good :(
#Dissertation draft almost complete!
Karma takes to long id rather just beat the crap outta you now!
Of course Dakota would favorite my tweet about Malinda wanting to fart on me :)
Just because you never held office doen't mean you aren't a politicion. You have run a campaign before. To get a coach fired.
I so agree
Watching a tv show taking place in Hong Kong. I want to go back!!!
Near or far away, you are is where I want to be.
Your idea of a 7 course meal is a bucket of KFC and a sixpack.
This place is so fuckin confusing lol
"Cause I'm as free as a bird, and this bird you cannot change".
So, the Twins really need the Royals to come to town ... because right now, this here's pathetic.
Hearing about the multisensory transmedia campaign for GoT. Smell "the crypt!"
You're welcome. Thank *you* for spreading goodness.
these are beautiful! M
Whoa Bom your dress is so short!
Halftime USF 1 - 1 Louisville. Louisville 10 shots with 7 on goal are really pressing hard, Let's go Bulls step it up!
I can make that feel better babe ;)
just testing
Some new videos coming your way!
just got out of bed and im trying to go through another day, hopefully.
listening to mixes from - and getting ridiculously excited! it's happening y'all! can't wait to tell you more!
Wow! Glad to see you made it home safely!!
If I can still smell your cologne, and you walked by the desk 5 min. ago, you used too much.
feeling so pretty! Just had hair did.
They avoid spell check, normal social interaction, self-awareness and proper grammar. But also being cool.They avoid that, too.
They both sound delicious. Which ever doesn't give me the runs. RT : wladimir or vitali
Love isn't about the person you can see yourself with, it's about the one you can't see yourself without
Hey Anthony! Yes, we messaged the winner last week...(check your inbox cough, cough)
your household income needs to be less that $24,680 to qualify for that credit...
Everyone love to be a winner.
we're happy it's a little warmer today!
THANK U SO MUCH THAT MADE MY NIGHT GOD IS ALWAYS FIRST IN MY BOOK THANKS AGAIN
Got an extra twenty bucks? Expecting a residual check.
Accidentally sneezed on my kitty cats face.
Tonight we have confit chicken thigh with collard greens, butter poached turnips and cornbread vinaigrette!
Ed Cunningham~ Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
energy by any means nesassary, like u said if they had sleep in a can I'd cop that
best good night story ever.
Michigan traffic is pillow talk compared to Chicago. Its like they don't require drivers ed in the state of Illinois
No. It is appropriate that #omla hear what has happened to me. I am comfortable with the circulation of my private agon
If people choose to lie, at least be good liar! Otherwise it's just embarrassing. Jeez!
End of the ISAAC Girls Final: The Lab School 35 The German School 17
U hurt my feelings, I'm going to cry now
RT : I feel bad for YMCMB if they droppin a CD soon cuz Maybach Music finna run the Summer --interesting...
Excited for premier with , and the rest of the #GameChange team tonight ! Covering for
So what did you think? I loved it!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ...corny people always cwacking jokes.
Of course it's going to get cold and rain/snow on my birthday
SO MANY CHOICES NOW! /me looks lovingly at my iPad...
Less than 30 minutes 'til curtain of show #2 of this year's festival w/ , , &
oh ey;D
<3 my job-Patriots&Porridge comedy show. Cheerleading in a bathroom stall, sprayed with "mace," AND crying on a black lab. Nothing better.
They'll come when I have a decent hair day and my allergies are killing me so much that I can actually wear makeup.
has relish always been part of "the works" on your burgers?
Awesome thank you!
- Send all your suggestions to new management says Stan Kasten
Making good progress at our IABC Seattle board meeting tonight. Stay tuned for exciting updates!
Going to go make some art. :)
My Pandora is rocking out a healthy mix of Nonpoint, Ill Nino, and Deftones through the stereo. What's on your playlist?
im already on it..
Sunshine Heart Announces NASDAQ Listing - shares to begin trading under the symbol "SSH"
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
i belong with the nerds not the greeks thats prolly why i dont hang much ...Naw i dont have a car Dats why
RT : “ life style and :” &amp;lt; Coming real soon!
So if an adult person (theoretically) sprays himself in the face with Lysol, is the witnessing party honor-bound to TWEET or to NOT TWEET?
Looking forward to attending #dh09 . It reminds me of the energy at CGDC circa 1994.
its hot!
Forgot how shity it is to live in the suburbs carless.
Last game of the #WorldSeries? I called it #Rangers taking it! Spend your #ThirstyThursday @ a #Bartab spot & watch the game w/ a $1 drink!
hey @ JustinBfantasy mentioned something?
Just got out of the shower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
"RT how about new options for lebron 9? Any coming?" He needs some new ones cuz he's already bought all of em
#UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed to use the trend #UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed. Just stop.
School is right around the corner so come on in this weekend for your grub and suds needs!
: ) thanks...you too! And the pills, yeah, probably. It's making me dizzy now but I think that will wear off i hope
Things may not turn out the way we have planned it but it's taking you on the path to your destination
Wearing my justin wilson crew shirt. Already been asked twice for an autograph frrom kids.
This work place needs more metal.
hey thanks for the daily paper shout-out!
I will put the grey ones in the wash and you aint having the Adidas ones back!
Who's alittle angry today ? . . . this guy
love #libraryschool but anyone else feeling the #eportofolio pinch in their last semester? there aren't enough hours in a a day
MADE OF WIN. Checked out your stuff on GitHub and have lots of ideas for uses. Looking forward to your talks at #RootsTech! :-)
Morning All! Stand by...something awesome is coming your way in an hour or so via Urban Flight's Apparel Flight Team!....
thanks for tweeting about this originally, ted!
DELICIOUS! LUV your tweets:) xo
OMG!!! It looks awesome!! Give yourself a big pat on the back, hard work pays off girlfriend, wishing you much success with it!
Thanks be unto God for all that he has done.
your fans love you (;
Hello New York City
Of course when we post a new track, soundcloud crashes. Haha we broke it!!
McCracken's POV is that lampooning the rule breakers is what's culturally significant, which creates an oppty 2B comedically daring
It's your Wicked Uncle Ernie he's glad you can't see or hear me
Very very quiet in this st.Anthony neighborhood despite the murder-suicide that took place here last night. More info at 6 on
Dangerous only because of their speed, no?
glad I'm out tht MF
its kinda messed up i honestly dont trust people some by choice others im just forced
Hahah! That's true. I see the fun in the game but I really don't feel like wasting an afternoon/evening staring at loading screens
basically support tells me one thing when the opposite is true preventing me from logging in =/
I moved in Nov of 2011. Hubby moved Oct 2010. Amazing! Love Wisconsin. Yes closer to Door Co. far away from grownup kids.
Did you listen? We were just on !
RT if you're tweeting outside!
I just wanna go to school and not be around you. Maybe I'll get lost in NYC and never have to come back
Great chat guys! looking forward to all the new connections! Heading over to #shehechat (talkin' social)
What is your feeling about California ??? Looks like the Toyota's are really fast?? What about JJ or JR ??
please follow me :) <U+2665><U+2665>
Dana from IM5 is hilarious and so random!
Any other #nonprofit staff out there working on your #dissertation?
the fact that he is so rested may actually be a game changer in the favor of the Lakers tonight.
when charity becomes implanted in your heart, you are never the same again. It makes the thought of putting others down repulsive.
I shall give it some thought lol!
Jennifer Lopez: Having More Babies &#39;Would Be a Blessing&#39;
Goodnight All, Tomorrow is Mother's Day so i'm wishing all the mom's out there a Great Mother's Day.
idkkkkk you want me to get back on ?
I'm gonna force to come with me at least once so you better get 'shit yo pants' excited lol
that's quite exciting!
Billy Elliott was a great musical. I recommend it to anyone in LA, I think its playing for a week or two more at the Pantages in Hollywood.
I hate softball at Dade like seriously fuck you
But it usually gets portrayed the other way because of Bynum's mouth and Gasol's "smooth" game.
just so u know my true idol of mine that i listen to all the rage everyday and i'm ur biggest fan! When are u coming to florida?
I don't think that's a problem though. Eucharist is the focal point in Catholic/Orthodox churches, preaching in Protestant.
Great lunch At VSAE
I really wish VisualStudio would pretend that the markup and javascript for my app was as important as the C# code...
Damn we killed them with the New AVI look at them boss as niggas and we got that white man with us lol
So Beautiful!
James Harden with 19 points on 7 shot attempts. Dangerously efficient. If that's a thing.
Here's to not having an 8am emergency all-hands meeting on a Saturday :)
Big announcement coming soon from Starmentor and Music Executive Jay Jaworski regarding Grace Bawden and Gabrielle Stahlschmidt
had a nice little lunch with my girls
welcome to Twitter!
If “I’m sorry,” will mend a relationship, it is a small price to pay for peace. –Joyce Meyer
Merry Xmas sweetie ! <3 love u !!!!!1
Yes, ours is this Sunday.
~*FRIENDLY REMINDER*~ that so-called "humorless" people actually understand the machinations of humor better than their accusers do ok bye
hmm - give the packers book a try - as well as the jets. jets have 46 bear which is nice
Everytime you attend a social media webinar instead of performing a google search, God kills a kitten.
Personally, this election has ruined sweater vests for me
“: <U+2708> ATTN: Artists looking for banger DM for the latest and greatest hit material #beats business only <U+2708>”
I'm writing tic-tac-toe for my first #C project.
Don't you have to watch or #bachelor or #DWTS? :)
Misery loves Company... and that bitch is not Invited!
Got alot goin on wont make it this week shuld b there next week RT : I'm back where u been??
What have you helped a child lately? Get involved. Getting children active includes: becoming aware of what motivates them.>>>>>MONEY?
keep up the dope raps!
well we all knw who you like,haha
“: Crocs are for people who want to add a degree of difficulty to getting laid”
I just saw Will Ferrell biking down Water St in the 3rd Ward. Why'd he be here?
keep calm and carry (weed) on (you at all times)
121197-Gorgeous!! Ill ship you with Niall Horan!
now that might actually be good. too bad it's not dark chocolate.
Residents at assisted living center Asbury Harris Epworth Tower next to Tyler Perry's studios now allowed back home after being evacuated.
Funniest shit I heard: "oh there's her girlfriend" -
LovingVampsPublications.com Check out my wolves, etc.
working at home w/a toddler can't do the pre-school thing due to very tight budget in the household.
Rockin' the chucks tomorrow
It's so upsetting how people are we love you. #stopcyberbullyingnaya. Naya keep doing what your doing your inspirational!
She looks like ninja princess - so cute and so self-confident
I like Touché Amore as well. I listen to a wide range of music, but metal is my back bone :3
I know that $550 is your rent money broke ass fag. Call me. I'll give you my number to settle this. You coward.
Can't sleep but it was worth what I did. Eventually i will sleep. Hopefully. Whatever. Lmfaoo looks like got no sleep basically. Bored now..
..you should see mine! o.O swear.. it ain't prettyy
helping others get their companies launched
My theories were pretty close to that!
have. Like the 1959 silver and the cameroon is pretty cool. Can be expensive.
Another great BBC detective: George Gently. Set in 1964. Atmospheric, brilliant, addictive. These classic Alan Hunter novels are a find.
just looked at the calendar to see if I could start packing for my vacation. it's a month away....I can start packing, right?
I wrk wit some characters!! Lol
We just heard that our panel: "Dissolving Walls: Interpreting Outdoor Spaces" was accepted for the AAM conference in LA May 2010.
Bruce, My Hometown.
I am not gonna lie I envy you You are so beautiful. I met you in Indianapolis and thought she is awesome.
#206mafia forever !!!! Love it
Haha yeah I'm for sure going to relax alot and I might go to las vagas btw are u britsh? :)
Corrupt #Republicans Mitt & Newt going at each other attacking on every example of corruption. Love it. Doing Obama's job for him.
# FOLLOW ME !! 250 FOLLOWERS N I CAN POST VIDEOS ON WORLDSTARR HIP HOP FROM YOU TUBE!!! FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME!
Much better John Skelton
Don't take advice about relationships from someone with a gang of broken relationships.. Relationships aren't only with spouses
I kno huh
Casting young female MMA fighters for up coming feature film No Xcape in the NYC area.... for more Info
I'ma CIROC girl
thank you and happy mothers day to you too
Fictional treaties? Are you inviting creative ideas? Or ... What do you mean? Sounds like fun.
scheduled to buy 2 houses before our Christmas break. Do you have a house you need to sell fast?
No nigga u don't feel me.
What an amazing show! I laughed so hard I hurt my funny bone.
": Wish I could see u guys 2mro gotta work ;( " > plenty mor shows 2 come! (=
You're welcome - thank you for the #FF!
I feel like I know so much more and have way more to offer to my next relationship. Not saying I'm ready for one, but I can commit now
i want my bellybutton pierced. #yes<3333
There was some nerds on Tri-Met today according to Like, LEGIT nerds.
"Am I the lucky one or is anyone else having trouble this morning?" "Like in life?" #YoureNotTheOnlyOne!
lol I knew you would understand... a happy easter to you as well!!! :) may all your fashion wishes come true
Sadly #RBNY fans feel same way RT : RT : All the in know that
"You can mandate and regulate adaquacey. You must inspire excellence." -Mary Jean Gallagher
I would be shell shocked to win a gift card. I would buy Thanksgiving stuff for my Lodge (cabin)
I seriously won 's giveaway? You've got to be kidding me.
Eh fuck it. Tired of this shit. Will I live I dunno. Lets fine out.
im just having trouble installing
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
Yep, probably more "lost ball hunting" than "golfing" though.
Rise and shine.
I forgot how cute the boys on "Bring It On" are!
this dick just sent me Jobs, one by one by one by one by one, instead of a list..
Time for stitches!!!! Peace! Lol
A zed & two nougts, people streamed out til there were only a few of us left at the end. Loved it. I left the TO Film festival to see it.
Yes! Or #whatnottowear RT : Mitch Daniels looks like he's auditioning for a role on
RT : : "We can have a good faith debate on solutions to climate change. We cannot have a good faith debate...
Gingras: News orgs must leverage content on story pages for more value. Make topic pages a real-time resource. Rethink the model
- today was an embarrasment for the #BCEagles - downhill these last three years - time to
Just submitted our app to the app store!
At St. Mary's Cathedral with Paola for Delia & Matthew's Rite of Initiation into the Catholic Church!!!
Now... off to visit the ....thinkin we need to make the Tacos & Tequila Nights O-fish-shall Andrew!!
When I looked into your eyes I didnt see just you, I saw my today, my tomorrow and my future for the rest of my life..
I'm there
can I borrow your stem machine? They sell those at target?
of course! join us! it's for a GREAT cause!
(William Cowper) No traveler e’er reached that blest abode who found not thorns and briars in his road.
La Bruyere~ Children have neither a past nor a future. Thus they enjoy the present - which seldom happens to us.
I want to go to a gun range really bad
what is FOW in this case?
I don't even have to click. Is that David from Real World??
Caleb's Posse cruises to an easy win
The only good thing about this season coming to an end-- I don't have to hear Debbie Gibson sing same song over and over!! UG
Do you have a hard cock for my ass?
Yes I Talked To Him Yesterday At The Shop, He Said He's Really Trying To Squeez You In, He's Tryna See Whos Fucking Up & Is
ah. it's been ages since I've seen that show.
“: St. Louis waiter just told me at dinner: "Kansas fans left their wallets at home." Maybe saving up for New Orleans.” 10%ers
That was my favorite of the three.
awesome will do!!
#ITALYLOVESDEMI love you, stay strong <3
“: The White Stripes are reuniting for my birthday party in November by the way.” uh... what?!???
Is it weird that my celebrity crush is Phil from #modernfamily #abc ? hahaha I love him!
During these difficult economic times, and to try and help the environement, I am vowing this year to only jingle MOST of the way.
If Jags want Tim Tebow, just take him already, will ya.
Hi , I'm a young entrepreneur, temp. at Ernst&Young NY. Impressed by SecondMarket. Would like to run ideas by you, can we meet?
Why are your tweets so.... awesome? :)
Tech is an amazing experience when you're here at the Storefront Theater. We are really fortunate!
finally tapped that ass?
Ew, this one lady carrys her husband urn around everywhere and now she eats his ashes. That's so wrong
The trading post inspired me today :)
I studied abroad to China two summers ago.
lol smh well go to sleep
Doug O'Neill is so humble. He realizes he trained the great Lava Man, right? 1st Derby for him but far from his 1st big win.
I haven't even been able to update to 10.7.3 from 10.7.2. I've tried all the recommended "fixes" and suggestions but still no joy.
Marvel Vs Capcom Battle Cry T-Shirt
All im lookin forward to is summer
Great job #BartonG... My mother was very pleased & buzzed. Successful Sunday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Hey #Giants fans #CarlBanks is primed to take u down in #fantasyfootball. check us out and take on this #Giant great bit.ly/oRFhKN
$JPM Dems will overreact, Repubs will under-react/ deny reality. Congress and admin will miss the mark and the beat goes on towards oblivion
If your pick up lines include "check out my band" I am not interested. Me ten years ago is all over that shit though.
Congrats and happy birthday!!!
Great show last night at Not sure I've seen an LA crowd more uniformly engaged. He's still got it.
@ thx. May the new year expose the new you! DJ
better to say everything
Hi, thanks for following! There's more to love (or like) on our facebook page
well amazing i love it so much! it's a dream come true to find a job that's a hobby!
I know I make mistakes, I'm living life day to day. It's never really easy, but it's okay....
If we ought to put a price tag on environmental destruction, we would see we are bleeding trillion dollars a year!
You know you really care about someone if their mood affects yours.
how often do you #exercise?
Analogies are my food.
Potato industry protected despite cut, says Ritz
There's always a next time lmfao!!
Texas Blood Money.
This is the part of me that your never gunna every take away from me! <3
Cuz we like to party
Oh, and I have a long history of fury. I can imagine. But we all have to believe it'll work out cause we need it
Interested in having a house party? E-mail for details! :D It's so worth it.
Performance-wise or emotionally? #emo #crybaby RT : 'Jay Cutler is going to blow up this year'
sun is sorta shining, get out and go run!
On tap for today #2: read Countee Cullen and Gwendolyn Brooks, write a few letters, and make some bbq ribs. (-)
uhmm what and yeah im coming tomorrow
we love you too Outlaw! :)
Tomorrow should be interesting
I'm watching your videos on youtube xD Love them. You're a really good dancer!
as we can tell you did NOT watch the ippv...
Whoa whoa here she comes": Man, You're Out Of Touch. #seewhatididthere"
ouch, had to go through something similar last year... it's the pits... esp when you're away/not aware of it for a while
I should never have layed down on this bed
yes, Araci washington
I sent a complaint. Order #10421810723 Someone replied-said "sorry"-told me how to save $ next time with Target REDcard
did you run? :)
#greys has me crying my eyes out!
I can. Dm your number again because I'm certain I don't have it.
The West Coast game is in the books.... Now, what to do? What to do?
To all my fellow iPhone friends...you must download heytell. It's like having one of the old nextels. It's fun!
So pleased with the "do a simple puzzle to stop the alarm" function on my phone. Just off work, back2 early in a.m.
Riding my bike to the parade was harder navigation than expected. Gobs and gobs of people.
5 Market Experts You Need To Follow On Twitter: (via )
absolutely, sometimes you need to remove people places and things from your life to move forward!
Siri, which way to the party?
their documentary "24 Hours At The South Street Diner" will be screened at
It'd be nice to actually be able to sleep sometime tonight.
Bam. Voted for with literally 10 seconds left. #NCC2012 champ???
beez in the trap
365 days until the birthday that really matters
Thanks for the follow!
lol! I am fine now
Wow, the MITO design won a lot of awards and has a very high specification. It must be very agile and fun to drive.
Sec234 Throwin' up the T tonight baby!
Countdown to Valentines Day 2012: 5 days, 14 hours, 54 minutes, 4 seconds. In this one particular case we do not recommend Kimberly-Clark!
Mos Def! I sure will Birthday girl!!!
well blow me down in my popeye voice
I listen to ghetto, black girl music.
|| Friend me so I can in message you :))
Happy Birthday ~
probably around that time
It's hard when you're doing CC-licensed stuff.
Oh silly beach....we're only friends at night.
Thats just adding on and on to my bad day.
It looks like you're way over 1000..
shithead. How you ben!?
I woke up in absolute shock and horror that it was Monday and a whole weekend passed me by with relatively zero productivity.
Morning all. Here's to hoping that I accomplish at least 3 things on my to-do list. Who brought the coffee and donuts?
i got BEATS on deck....send me a email...so i can send u samples...i would luv for u 2 murder one of my tracks!!!
s/o to my girl who is officially a tatted up lady like the rest of us ;p
You can also follow all the action of today's race on IndyCar Mobile. Download it by calling ** INDY on your Verizon phone.
Wait, what?!?! If youre saying what I think youre saying: Day officially made! lol
Work with national collections and in a network are the 2 strategies
New game -
Jeff frank really knows how to wipe that floor
Wow! I love seeing all the pics.
do it for me
what ever you're paying Smith, it's not enough!
I wanna see you right away!
Anyone else having trouble with tweets being delayed in ? Some of mine are 5 mins behind despite refreshing.
haha!!! I hope so!
"oh pshh you again *glances down* oh and your with the lesbo" "you just made my day"
"Your struggles where never meant to break you down, but to make you stronger"
Comedian David Alan Grier at Cobb’s Comedy Club (SF) this Thursday (11/3-8pm)
that's a wonderful reason my u should post a cover soon ;)
haha that's what I'm thinking :)
Awww it's okay...I'll be making another trip down there soon!
I would probably like LeBron if he didnt whine like a bitch after every whistle
So, basically #NetBaseKnows me & knew I wanted some ice cream. New favorite flavor is the goodness that is #CherryGarcia !
I just teared up watching Wheel of Fortune. What is wrong with me.
#wcmf11 On making mistakes - make corrections quickly and publicly: “the coverup is way worse than the crime”
Ah....good plan!
Now, how do we find a candidate name"Mercury?"
Yes!! Have you been humming it all day?
Quite an odd question, brushing away public health risk and dismissing open waste related disease situations occurring globally.
Bought a neon pink jean skirt at J.Crew on sale and they still have some left! cc:
Ain't that adorable!
a Stephen why can't you give Tebow some credit?
Love is that condition in which The happiness of another person Is essential to your own. ~Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange...
Getting excited for the show "Pan Am" since my mom was a Pan Am stewardess!
Every once in a while I am reminded that my mom actually looks at my facebook... & I find something to be embarrassed about.
I'm not a girl who loves every cute boy, but when i heard/saw Austin my heart skiped a beat! :$
From my sm grp wkshop this past wkend- an acronym for EGO is Edging God Out. How often do we forget that it is not about me, but about God?
i'm going to lern.
Congratulations, Nice Job! You must be a rolling stone. Ha! Get it?
#ShittyRapperNames Dark Roast
": "I think I am gonna go home with the guy with the ponytail..." Said, no woman ever"
Moonraker is for people in their twenties who don't know any better. I liked it back then.
This is the first holiday season that I'll get into better shape! (trying to think about the positive while every part of me aches)
"Auld Lang Syne" can be translated into English literally as "old long since", or, "days gone by," and "old times".
Abandons...I like to say liberates!
Facebook is so boring now
I bet you miss the nice weather even more! Fox7 and A-town's not the same w/o A-Pizzle..hope you're staying warm in Bristol.
im thinking about my life right about now. the guys went 2 Bmcc 2 play ball without me since i couldn't make it it sucks 2 be.
Pres speaking a lot of #truth in his State of the Union address right now.
who I need to cut?
LOVE IT~I believe you can ask they were selling it at the stadium this past weekend! Goodluck!
Two castings for la fashionweek and a productive meeting with agency :)
I start off with every intentions of being respectful but they always go crazy & all of a sudden they think I'm disrespectful!?
TODAY is all about _____________!
I just need to plug in your sim card into my phone quick, plug it into your itunes to start it up and that's all
Underway in Louisville...so much blue & gold & identical band unis. Can't tells whose fans are more excited ...
you know your dumb when someone tells you to dye your hair blonde so you can fit your personality lmfaaoo:(
Yes, but its selling fast!
Planet of the Titties, Superbad Titties, Rise of the Titties.. Lord of the Titties. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Titties
We could certainly use that fountain these days!!!
Predictors are NOT determinants. Be the decisive element. Just a(nother) thought.
“: You're my 200th follower ! :D” guess I'm just special :D
I'm doing whatever I can to further my music career...would love and appreciate a few advertising intros!
The lunatic anti-gay lobby: "Jesus was kissed by Judas, a homo. Do you choose Jesus, a celibate, or Judas, a homo? You have to choose!"
Fair enough!
Your offspring are more well-trained than mine. One is sledding, the other in PJs watching anime. *hands shovel to cat*
If you’re watching your cholesterol, consider swapping out the meat for pinto beans in your burrito.
Legs, logic, and love
Lol....kid do not erase a wallpost it was a harmless question.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
From now on I'll only respond to my full name, which is "Night Moon: Moon When Night (Wolf?)".
Tennessee Titans can sure use them pick 6's
Good Morning lovelies!!! Smile...it makes people wonder what you are up to!!
Admit you are powerless over pinning and that your life has become unmanageable. Every great journey begins with one step...
do you have a store where a guy can try some on? always hesitant to buy online without trying first...
haha I know! They even copied shots exactly. I couldn't get over that they even did the neck shot.
Today's kids rap about vodka and G6's but how many actually understand the science behind it? Stay tuned for a big STEM grant program! .....
no fucking way. I'd get through about 18 oz and the bread and I'd be done.
From to you, Happy Passover! Happy Easter! Please share the books you are reading to celebrate these special days
Black cloud: surgery. Silver lining: Vicodin!
Hopefully some big things coming over the Horizon for everyone in e-Sports. Just a few more pieces to fall in place. Stay tuned!!
doing a weight training session (showing Mike some weight exercises). Toning the muscles is key.
you're such a good sport. I would have flipped shit if I were you.
Friday is a great day for an Organic Facials Plus. A deep clean for your whole face with the weekend to allow your skin to breathe.
Didn't know Vince carter could still do that
OMMG MY BOSS IS SUCH A FUCKING BAAAAHHHHH. I ACTUALLY HATE HIM. WTF.
most of my good friends on twitter live in Asia or Europe.....an I'm way over here were I can't meet any of you girls :(
I may not be at work but today is certainly not a day off :-/
“: eeeeppp! is trying to get the boys of to Chicago :')” we saw them Saturday:) awesome show!
I think about you. Luther Vandross
Hi. You may recognize me from spin class in the basement of the Jewish Community Center.
dude your shirts are awesome! Definitely buying one!! Or 2... Lol
Those are good! What a great day to be outside.
Great shot of Ray Lewis and Arian Foster signing and exchanging jerseys.
& why would I do that ?
Is there anything more therapeutic than an ride to brunch on a Sunday morning?
We in the studio cooking up some stuff we will be out soon to show off our sound =)
Yeah buddy!!
at Chula Vista High today...
because that's where I keep all my girls~
You know what? I want a Scion FR-S/Subaru BR-Z and I would NOT consider cross-shopping a Mustang V6. So there.
Love all three of my #apple products! Mobile tablet desktop
Forgive me, renew me, and lead me, that in this holiest of weeks I may delight in your will and walk in your ways. Amen.
#icantgoadaywithout...music. I've gone without talking for a week, eating/drinking for 5 days..but music is my staple. i NEED it.
new friends? :)
It bothers me when there is stuff in my Macbook trash bin.
aghh going to sleep. goodnight!
i so missed class this morning . . .
Also, some seriously amazing news about Morton Subotnick coming soon! Stay tuned!
Well - If There Were Ever a Fella to Spread Some Good Vibes, You...Are...He :)
I just thought of the weirdest/akwardest question to ask thomas..
go Best western, across the street from Stadium View
RT : In todays P2P market, watch expectations, trust and reputation
Living in Louisville - I now have to hang my head as a UK fan for the first time in years... Not happy
has amazing music!! Please follow mee:)
started using last night. should be interesting.
I may have been a Persian prince in the mid 1400s.
#Marlins and #Mets playing tonight. Looks like a good night for baseball
German salsa
Oh my goodness! I've a lunch for 1 year in the school! My father acquired lot of cookies for a, in the minimum, one year! Sell.
I was looking at it on IMDb & noticed that! Now I want to see the long version. How do you get the BBC on TV?
where u been all my twitter-ific life?? haha good seeing u out in pb the other night : )
do you actually have Wumpus?!? Let's hook the 99/4a up to the conf room projector.
I'll look into that
Victim: if someone stole your identity what would you do. Who would yoou call? www4.vindy.com/content/local_regional/310339952884775.php
Needs a fucking cookie
it's never a dull moment :)
You should get one too! :)
attended International Women's Day Luncheon - Sarah Robb-O'Hagan is beyond inspirational!
Worried about #Perk though . Need him
Our next goal is to raise $2700 for legal and federal fees to make the Dream Farm, now an Oregon corporation, into a non-profit 501c3.
Thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!
Oh hey I met All Time Low Thursday night. I LOVE THOSE GUYS.
Great surprise to see you on tonight's episode!
6TQF809 was parked illegally in front of a fire hydrant at corner of 6/E at 20:17 so he could get marijuana from Hm...
such a nice thing to say! Thanks SO MUCH!
If you figure it out, let me know. I've only been doing this since November, and am quite green.
From to to , we proved that what you do on the ground makes a difference. Commit to volunteer: OFA.BO/xPJVds
Tony Parker to UCLA. Good thing for Josh Smith, too, because he was having trouble handling 15 minutes per game
What time does the debate start?
Wait, season 2 of Sherlock started airing in America tonight? GODDAMMIT
This nigga has to be Kidding me.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. -Euripides
Those thieves are going to have a tough time getting rid of that stolen truckload of fail...
If you're as addicted as I am, you can find the 7th season online. I need to meet the mother!
count me in
first weekend night with warmth & humidity, and nearly full moon. Let the games begin.
Delicious kindly fix yourself. I'm trying to do a homework assignment.
No bounce in my step today at work.... Looking forward to next year
GOP leaders reportedly blaming Obama for failing to return to DC during this time of crisis
Thanks. Her brother was beautiful too. Died a few months ago at 17. Both (probably) pure Pits-- not many get to live that long
these girls irritate me.... like go away
oh, right, a classic look. go for it!
(4 of 4) was not worth the wait.
Tomorrow is the last day to book the Hotel Half-Off Sale, we still have a few dates left at half the price San Diego!
A yo-yo was accidentally thrown in with my groceries at Ralph's. It's the little things.
“: driving and twitting is against the Law in New York” true that. Good thing I am not behind the wheel.
are you coming to dc this summer?? c:
Work and I've been sleep ever since wbu ?
Your love means more to me than all those fancy things.
Hey there. But I prefer mine: If you want to make God laugh, tell him a fart joke about your plans. And then do jazz hands.
Stay posted for the Daytona Spring Break mixtape by myself and coming very soon. We ain't gunna let y'all wait any longer
Who Wants To Change Mhy Username For Me ? iHave An Embarrasing Password Tho :/
loving lazy Sundays!
#np girls all pause #rip Nate
must be "txtn an callin" the wrong one cuz i didnt get nothin but im good...
Yo Hoboken NJ seems like a English pub street shit crazy out here
I'm so sorry. Get home safe. Hugs.
Bro, I don't think these youngins realize what would happen if I was in attendance at the beach. ROOOLLIN' Sheen Shit! Leeegoo!!
THUNDER UP BABY!!!
how did i do?
Today is the day, FemCity Milwaukee launch event ! 5:30-7:30pm! Remember to bring a fleece item for the YWCA & get a raffle ticket!
RT : When feeling needy, I read AskMen.com and suddenly I'm like "Yeah, no thank you, I'm good."
Girls with their fake hair, fake boobs, makeup, fake tans.... And they say they want a real guy. HAH
ha ha. Just stopped to pick up food. Legs don't work right! :-P
The ads on the golf course at the #Nedbank golf challenge are really distracting. Is a car in the middle of the pond really a smart move?
My mother is currently reading that one. (:
Music like
I like the way you think! :)
's song to his mom is seriously the cutest thing ever.
#cildc Semantic web is a giant bubble graph
It's going to feel so rewarding when you all get to finally taste Delicious Licks! Soon, we promise!
Merry Christmass everyone!!!
On Wisconsin!
ok talk to you later when you get back on
#BLASTOFF EXCLUSIVE: 10% off purchases at ShoeBuy.com & BagsBuy.com! Use Coupon Code "BLASTOFF10". Thanks !
. Thanks for the opp to get back into my virtual jewelry box + share what every woman needs to invest in this spring
I just started being on twitter lately...
All Day. I Appreciate The Support. I Can Send U Gear If U Want. We Just Got Our SwagBands In Too. DM Me N Let Me Know..
Thanks for the RT. I hope you're not expecting a commission! :)
Dont worry, he'll be back in 6 months and take over your timeslot.
we will! See you then?
Whats this i hear people are talking about me that im in jail lol im working peps hahaha
My Whole Life Has Change.,
I’ve got most of the music rights for “Line of Sight” film secured. Amazing bands but lots of paperwork.
Speaking of U2 Bono has Mercury 10 Taurus. Pluto trine in 2013 = his songs/ words reaching a depth n power eclipsing his former work
are you taking turcottes class again next fall? What other courses?
You are a people person for sures
Attorneys who want to laugh at timekeeping issues, follow me. New app is almost ready for beta launch.
Today's been weirdly quiet, like all of southeastern Michigan has a collective Kid Rock hangover...oh wait. Yes.
all I can say is WOW.
Garbage - don't believe the hype
So if we don't have enough money saved in time for Be ICONic, theres always Hip Hop International...
NP! QT : Wow, you are all so wonderful! Thanks for the RTs & faves :)
LOL! Love it! You win at the internets today!
RT Celebrating National Grammar Day on Twitter is like trying to hold an AA meeting in the middle of Mardi Gras.
Can we please get something scheduled?
oh so.its like
RUNNING ON TWO HOURS OF SLEEP MAN I LOVE BEING A MOM TO MY PRINCESS BUT I HATE WHEN SHE'S SICK AND DONT SLEEP!!!
new follower. ;-)
fuck your knee
You R important. Someone, somewhere loves & needs you
or maybe a wild card...
I haven't...would love to, though!
So hot
hell yeah
Oh Yeah!
Tumblr's warning: "Anonymity can be fun, but can also bring out the worst in people" ... sweet ;).
They suck!! :D
And yet, they have a much better safety record than the suburban drivers who speed around town in their SUVs.
oh someone is gonna be lucky
“There are some bad-ass companies coming out of Israel.” Michael Arrington, September 13 2011, Silicon Valley
One person may be multiple ppl and "she" conned several people as well as websites (Covers, ESPN) w/o physically meeting ppl.
“: oh hello fellow #aries! Hi cutie” haha what's up
LMFAO peacock got swag
attempted to give Bean a pill w/ pill pocket treats. apparently the pockets only work w/ a cat sized pill, not pills as big as Spree candy.
you don't know what you are asking lady - wanna be in a gym with 20 toddlers/pre-schoolers + pizza + face painting lady?
World Peace!!!
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away
my horoscope said it was a good time to focus on my diet.my horoscope just insulted me haha
Be sure to check out our hair specials coming up for the month of dec happy holidays .
Happy birthday !!! I love you and had so much fun celebrating with you! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Thats track is awesome. Good luck!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet duh, my life would be complete. ^_^
See...in my mind, you, Rock!! Congrats on your #engagedleaders award from <3
Who wants to come over and swim with me and
glad u are feeling better! your pops said you played well this past weekend!
There aint nun more fucked up to me thin an attractive female that smokes real talk
Wrote my first real poem. Teacher liked it, but my group didn't seem to get it. Sarcasm and cynicism can be confusing.
Yeah? Well my mom just sent us all emails telling us to watch some videos she likes
FTR I rarely eat any type of fish that is not fresh! It was a gift, so I enjoy with much gratitude...but then back to the fresh foods!!! ;)
I miss the Sonics so much after that horrendous game. Plus It took 45 minutes to get a brew & dog
Lol flops in my Mustang Time don't think cheer is a sport they should try it and see how hard it really is
watching The Notebook.
Smoking or Non smoking
Let me dig around and see what I can find out...
RT in need of an iPhone.. :( come on dad, fix ur iPhone 4 and give it to me :)
At the gym to start off the day. Good day
Id like to send you some of my music and let you hear me out! Would you ever consider working with an Ohio Hiphop artist?
I fucking hate digital cameras. Screen broke again.
Vanity Insanity! RT : inside Vanity tonight is gonna be INSANE!!! <U+263A>
#aBoyfriendShouldAlways make other girls jealous of you not make you jealous of other girls...
Playing/singing at the Tar Pit tonight (LaBrea and Melrose), 7:30-10! Hope to see you.
lol really?! i like it :D
I've been craving some pozole but the weather is getting too warm for it.
Any recs on what to see or do in Delft other than buy ceramics?
Hey Genesis, hope to see you tonight!
Home alone finna go to sleep
just saw this. Where will you be heading? Good luck and we hope to see a yardbird mention in December:)
Eyes are starting to burn.... I feel my body trying to shut down. Smh... I won't let you!! Ah!
It was great meeting and singing for you today, sorry that I didn't get to meet too, glad your buttons work!
Catching up on The Walking Dead.. so scary...
i wasnt either!
#BeastMode never sleeps + #runningcureseverything = I just finished a 6.36 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I'm about ready to shoot. I like three 6 mafia 'stay fly' music video got to be very rythmic.
and you portray both qualities to a extent of other girls may strive to achieve baby. Luv u spank
mother just informed me that wine is cheaper than gasoline, "So drink wine, don't drive to work, Sally." :)
SOMEONE PLAYED paris hilton. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MYSELF!!!!!!
Join tonight for Nathan Dye, , tonight at 6pm. Happy hour to follow!
my inability to figure out how to tag alex casey in a witty comeback tweet is angering me
Going out tonight to celebrate. I'll shoot you one back tomorrow night :)
Did you know you're a want us
The most awesome #Little5 is the one that doesn't end with me getting arrested or going to the hospital. Just saying.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
I'm not a rapper\mc so dont campare me to one I'm a musician BIG DIFFERENCE.
Anyone at #SRU have extra graduation tickets for 2 o'clock on Saturday? I can make use of them! Let me know.
I can save you. From the misery you've claim to yourself.
The thins that I will do.
RT : Rangers down to 10 men but won't help Spurs they way they are playing
We rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
My cheeks are really hot right now
can u plz call me back, asap!
Two dead, three teens hospitalized in Edinburg wreck - Brownsville Herald
ah I get it she's the girl on fire an they're using it for their enjoyment haha
It's time for cuchi cuchi
Learn something new every day acrylics are some kind of fake nails apparently. Thank you
well text me when y'all are on your way and I might come down there :)
Yes, yes, I know, I forgot to the link to the John Oliver interview. Here it is: bit.ly/e8ojOT Need protein! NOW!
maybe if you got rid of twitter for a week, you'd come back refreshed
What to do wit the kids?????
Mayor Hancock:"W/o the use of a single taxpayer dollar, this bill will reduce the cycle of poverty through the use of education"
that video has at least 3 more beautiful sequences I'll put up tomorrow
If He Only Knew <|3 Oh Who Am I Kidding ! He Probably Already Found Out ;p
thanks for coming out!
Big thanks to for letting me pick his brain for a few mins last night. Our conversation up shortly on
silly, cute pic where u going ?
It's called being whipped, it's called respecting your lady.
Fuck the police.
RT : Always do your best~ Miguel Ruiz
Sitting outside at Yogurtland on 6th and Grant. Just heard back to back REO Speedwagon.
aw thanks u want one?
We specialize in buying bank owned properties
and we are always working to make faster!
you probably would get a quality item for a good deal.
OMG ALFIE IS SO PERFECT AND ONE DIRECTION TOO AND LIAM GOT A HUNGER GAMES SHIRT AND I'M GONNA DIE *FANGIRLING*
Have a kid in Middelton-Cross Plains district? Contact school board and protest changes to teachers' contract.
Follow me please I love U! You're all time on my mind, you're my life, you're like my breathing, don't forget that i<3u
Rob McKenna who has been a strong advocate for the citizens of Washington State will formally announce his race for governor this evening.
Checked it out! Nice sound. Look forward to hearing more.
your last 3 tweets have been about Rocco. I think it is time to reevaluate your life...
o, omg so glad I don't have to deal with all this stress
Let's go #WhiteSox!!!
Oh, might have been where I went wrong. RT : Not my brain, no, just the writer's block.
lol...JaVale McGee is a trending topic, must not be good.haha
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you, not someone who is very good with just the word "sorry"
Ready to see some movies at the Wisconsin Film Festival!
As the day comes to a close, I'm thankful for all the tough questions I've had to tackle so far this year. Things are starting to make sense
#HighSchoolMemories All the lunchtime pep rallies . That made school for that day a lil fun.
If Bklyn sees this, you're out “: at the hyatt, wishing was here to explain the big words in #usatoday to me"
I'm gonna go buy some cookies tomorrow to celebrate! :') YOU GUYS WON!!! cjsndnan I'M SO HAPPY! <333
All week we have Sweet potatoes, the best Mac N Cheese in town. Coming this Friday Fish & Spaghetti.
Slappin pusha t "alone in Vegas". In Vegas.
#Earthday tip number 1: Bring your own mug or reusable water bottle to work every day. You'll reduce waste and conserve resources!
Sausage is one of the oldest forms of processed food, having been mentioned in Homer's Odyssey as far back as the 9th Century B.C.
Your right -- I have a foam roller and it does wonders for my old ITB problem I had.
Interesting ideas to help libraries: reduce student loan debt in exchange for recent grads volunteering there, LibraryCorps?
Now following - thanks for your support.
(': awe, what a nice man. F da haterZ~ LOL.
Much better than some of the alternatives. : I have #KLOUT? Must have picked it up in Cleveland!
I'm so excited I just got an iPhone!
Her daddy would be so pleased
yep yep lol im so random
I now think less of both of you..jk
New "trending articles" on & "8 Things U Should Never Say to a Mom" is one. Can't there be News of the Day or something valuable?
I take care of her just how she likes it every time ;) right babe?
Mr. Yormark, I need to DM you about something important. Please follow/DM w/email. -- Ted Curtis, Lynn U sports mgmt prof
#WeWontWork if you don't work Bitch get a fuckin Job
Good Morning! Wussap followers?!.
So proud of Roger and his team! Congrats to all!
A def. of "success" is never losing what you worked tirelessly and passionately to attain. Don't take it for granted.
Until I was about 28, the only #literature I read was drama. Hated reading lit in high school, college. Still don't like novels.
Ed, Edd, n Eddy is on!!! I used to love that show :P
Working on a 30 minute continuous mix. Have 15 minutes of it done =) Yes! #FeelingAccomplished #AndAwesome =)
I LOVE that soundtrack
"Your big opportunity may be right where you are now."
huge fan .love to have you come judge our American Dream pageant in Vegas July .Our motto women can accomplish all things.
Hope you feel better soon.
Obsessed with my every move. SMH.
Thanks so much for the #FF :-)
FDMF bottom is in, looks very thin folks!!
refactoring 'work' -- as metaphor of non-renumerative 'self-actualization' #intellectualGluttony :D
. It's not a definition. It's a requirement for Open Source. There may be other requirements for openness as well.
easy setup. Let's Dewey it today @ #il2011 to get folks riled up for
Round 2 with at or not hm decisions
I am playing spot the anthros in the international terminal
it's back but only if you top it with a blazer on top...love the orange btw
Thank you..I did.
Yo! What up? Upcoming shows?
am i incorrect for thinking this is kind of a big deal for Meek?
the person that u were talking 2 has just been kidnapped by their bed & pillow; they'll be returned in the morning after 8hrs of captivity.
Beautiful day out, great day for working on my project!
If we don't make it out alive, it must have been a good day to die.
Can you not see it in my eyes? I've been hurt, I've cried, but I'm smiling through the pain.
#IfICould Go back in time and change something i did in the past I wouldn't cuz it made me who I am today.
Naked confetti. Dot tumblr dot com. Make it happen, world.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH! Stop by our studio today to pick up a gift card for the holidays!
it already went up your ass that's why you told that your asshole hurt(;
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP^
RT : And here's a Q&A with the Daniels: Daniel Alarcon: How do you approach the end of a book? Daniel Handler: With caution.
Phone is in my car whats the word for the fight tonight
All I got is #1Life and I'm living it to the best of my ability. Trying not to be careless either.
I saw you today.
WHAT'S HAPPENING PEOPLE! COME AND CHECK US OUT ONLINE. YOU CAN SEARCH AND BUY GUNS ON OUR WEBITE FOR EXCELLENT PRICES.
I'm very very proud of my dancers tonight!!! Solid performances and electric energy! I was feeling it!
At City Club, Sun Times columnist panel on Rahm's first 100 days.
“: - Taco Spud-delish even though I didn't get Fritos :( Oh no!! :(. So sorry, next one is on us.
This is debatable. A lot of terrible, successful bands out there! RT : Godsmack is the worst band ever to have enjoyed success
Omg I love he's the shit
Saw ustream..amazing he is the best <3much love
I hope you like wine and cocktails!
constantly telling myself i need to lose weight for summer, but i always find myself eating junk food. sigh
Student research on drugs in Baltimore: "a container of earthenware, metal, etc., used for cooking, serving, and other purposes." I can't.
RIP Randy "The Macho Man" Savage.
I listened to the IOWA debate with mom and dad. Now I'm listening to the NH debate with my mom and grandpa.
Good thing the pink stretch pants don't need any starch!
virginians: take 20 seconds to call (804) 786-2211: "My name is ___. I oppose HB462 ultrasound bill and call on the Governor to Veto it."
Look for the new report in the next couple of weeks.
Psyched to take part in the Space Apps Challenge THIS WEEKEND! Tackling big issues of global importance with nerdiness
Totally missed the NCAA finals. After all the Virginia teams lost, I completely lost interest.
investing in a tub of aloe vera was a wise decision though
Of course! Loved the video's/talk. Very inspiring
If you can't get enough of the Longshoremen's labor and law enforcement dispute, tune in at 6. Taking on port commossioners today. Drama.
Real big things coming yalls way this April!
Sick, staying home from school.
": If I photoshopped male nipples on females breasts, would they still need to be censored for television?"
oh well that's not bad lol at least you got those out of the way (; lol I hate science though.. but that's me.
and who dressed her???
Travel safe, Jet Setter!
it is all good, this is a lot of fun I am new to it the last few months no worries
Sunglasses and advil. Last night was mad real.
The Wild Onion is the only bar on Grande Ave. that can't serve alcohol on the patio. Neighbor "it's gross we have to dodge puke in the morn"
But aren't Burners just the evolution of Hippies?
you're right. Good morning :)
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 13
Thanks for the follow new-found friend! PS. This is 's doc series!
on top of that.. am getting really excited about decorating the house for the #holidays!
RT : Is it bad that I'm more excited to go home w. than actually being in California right now? Haha.
awesome. Wait till they see what's next :)
Getting ready to head to Cuba for Pope Benedict XVI's trip to the island!
I applause to you mam :)
mad at you
When Jesus died he took all of your sin, if you're born-again you take all of His righteousness. Receive what Jesus did for your life today!
furry walls
Webster Hall this Friday! more details to come.
... headed to ... to support & support #OPEN .. Our Pride Employee Network!
you're money bud. Thanks for your consistent effort, passion and leadership!
The Joffrey ballet's Winter Fire is amazing! Last two days to see it!
Live Multicam, Copters and Real Life Rocket Engines (the Wrap)
that's what I like to hear! #GoBucks!
I just finished a 2.04 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Thanks DIVAS for such great reviews on HEALHTHY HAIR BY RACHEAL products. Dallas Texas and moving for worldwide DIST.
Who was the best groomed contestant on the #TheVoice last night?
goes to the rockies and hits up the casinos.
I love because she loves and cares for her fans! She sings wonderful! She's pretty! There's so many reasons!<U+2665>
We were honored to premiere Paul Zelevansky's :60 shorts Mister Rogers for Adults. Soon to show prior to films at Regent Square Theater.
simmer down bmore
Boxing just ain't the same no more
Just cut up one of my dance tshirts for decades day at school tomorrow...
While I understand & respect the importance of marketing, I will never, ever, place that above UX. Intentionally bad UX = customer betrayal
Fyi AVOID I20 W toward downtown Atl, or you'll be in traffic for HOURS!
Going to buy the chicago magizine that announced me as 5 Star agent awarded...yeah me
If you don't go within, you go without.The beauty of the Way is that there is no Way~Lao Tzu
I get ONE spa day and I never hear the end of it.
watching The Big Lebowski again. This time I'm gonna be able to articulate its philosophy clearly.
I support that. Turn around bright eyes...
Social networking is private space, students don't want to use in class. Or libraries, in my experience.
Temple Run is my shiiit!!!
Thanks for keeping us posted!
no pho for you!
Share with your friends! Tell them about us! First 10 get our single "Sunshine" for FREE! #followback #follow us
Forgot Hugo in my list of favorite films. Best cinematography. yes!
biking riding
I am just tripping that I am actually going to be talking with Oprah Winfrey about my life. Too surreal. I have so many emotions right now.
and it worked pretty well too...not Kaufman level of laughter, but good for academic keynote.
Hello, Hive Mind: Do you think of status updating on SNS as a creative act? Any examples of kids doing esp creative things w/ SNS updates?
The Fantastic Book of Phantasms, Haunting Stories, The Ghostwriters’ Greatest Hits
OMG! Do you know who my dad is?!
Here's a suggestion.
Ariana should do another cover on YouTube! Omg her singing is just....flawless! Can I have ur voice ? Love u! Xoxo
Seeing a visit California ad while I'm not in CA is bittersweet. And answers where all the people are finding their stereotypes
I think you jinxed me. I just checked FB and I've been upgraded to Timeline. ARGH!
Congratulations Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball for making the big dance!
Ikr!! Lol just trying to be cool and saying hi to each other by flipping each other off :P lol
Yeah, I'm sittin' at ASI all sad... Next week=foodtrucks+eating in the park together!
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work. -Anonymous
they say nothing in life is impossible-- well you try to nail jelly to a tree
cool, we'll check it out! Thanks!
Nobody really cares until it's too late.
Do you know if #LOL is going to be played in Hawaii? I'm a huge fan nd I really wanna see it!! Please lmk if you hear anything
Happy Birthday to Bruce Springsteen! In my opinion the greatest live performer ever. www.theconcertstage.com/blog/2009-archive.html
What a game, what an ending. I'm exhausted.
The 12 Best Free Mobile Apps for Commuters, 2012 Edition - PCWorld
I have cupcakes.
aw I'm sorry
Going to see yo off da chain choir concert
A teacher really got in trouble for playing rack city in the class room for 10-20 seconds...wow
it's all going to pay off come Thursday :)
Take chances!
Thats awesome! Congrats on the writeup! (And thanks for the shoutout!) :)
This white girl swear she just pulled me
I got to sing at my granpas diner Saturday night with my dad and his band.
the best. Jim's is close. And to be fair, I have yet to try D'Allesandros. But still...the best.
C'mon man!
Heads and thumbs up to new follower: -- hold it down in WPB
Update - Are you looking for a new position? Please forward over your updated resume so we can confirm your expectations and requirements!…
not anonymous one of your biggest fans since your were born...
oh jeez. I bet u won't be able to look at that person the same again. (Are they on twotter? Should I delete these!? Lol)
Open Tues - Sat 11-8, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space or catering on Mondays. Winter hours till April.
The casting director for this film is cool! Everything is very 1970s & was seeking guys w longish hair, Foxy Brown-esque prostitutes...
#fridayreads Don't Kill the Birthday Girl by Sandra Beasley.
#Aquarius are beyond attractive.” ;D
Wis. GOP Senate candidate Mark Neumann's solar company SunVest signed letter urging continuation of federal stimulus grant program
You mean... all the meaningful and enlightening things I'm always saying don't delight and inspire you? Yeah, me either.
#IfOnlyYouCould treat me with respect and realize what's right in front of you ):
Good Morning! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms & Mom figures out there. We love+appreciate y'all much more than we show. Have a great day!
Watch Vinny appear out of nowhere when the Boyz perform on ABDC.
fantastic, isn't it? The #a11y developments are mind blowing & mind unlocking!
him and Durant are at the top no doubt
Will payoff in the short term but don't think he'll play more than 6 unless sheds some lbs. RT : fielder gets 9 yr, $200_plus.
ain't no real food just snacks , I want a meal with my fat ass
excited to "Hang out" today
thank you for setting up the great mobile bar experience last night.
#slightlyaddicted,Times running out to get tickets to the worlds greatest Elvis Tribute visit to get half off
Switch to mint?
Thanks for the well wishes. Hope you have a great weekend too.
what happened to the show?
Wow! Then Dani is a Sounder, too! Who knew?
well is sturdy and soft but not to soft and I hear he is big where it counts...
Shout out 2 who's persistence, FANS and hard work self-promoting "Super Swagg" got him into rotation on Kiss 97.3! Congrats!
Don't forget all the people that helped you get to where you are today.
i remember when you said you will always be here for me when im scared or for anything and i believed you.
Ooh i just can't wait to be king!
#ConfessionTime I hate being awake by myself.
I wish you could stay too. Reverse is awesome.
Wish I was at home
#hmym is amazing!
Wow, a lot less excited about this now. But has a cool name!
I feel so close to you right now.
I like the twitcon mad cute I gotta say
wow. Mr. Ungrateful.
Compliments are so nice.
typos will be the death of me.
If you need an adapter to present with your Mac, see Mark from Microsoft at the 1st floor NERD desk.
you loved it more.
that's a fair call. Let me know in the AM?
What's everyone doing today.
When the relays sis
I lloove my bed. I know it will never leave me.
Says I need a agent
: usability even critical in mcommerce. Keep it simple. Remember critical features for quick purchase.
Do not wait for someone to tell you "have a great day" before you have one. #CREATE it yourself.
Eisenach: trust the compulsory license, favor local content via regulation, and favor broadcasters over cable channels,
How do you overcome the impulse to be lazy? Easy, think about the side effects of being broke!
Hurry please June. And hurry and get your booty down here!
thanks <U+E328> do you know who " Austin Mahone " is? ;)
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz CLK 63 AMG Cabriolet for a new car!
whats the point u telling her she has no respect for herself but then u compliment her that jus being hpocritical
These girls are so funny and amazing <3
Having good convo :))
ask your bro
I love the iPhone. Battery last me all day ;)
What the hell did they change? I gave up returning them.
hope to see you in Orlando for #FETC12 to share greetings from team
good luck!
i don't--i guess i probably should?
Cleaning this pool
Mall with
Hey! You've got a pic and a bio! Wahoooo! Well done!
Bluebird sky with some great snow!
Poor ): but I'm so happy that is still here <3
what a bitty
Helped with a friend's paper title—"I Gamified Your Mom and Totally Scored: A Philosophical Investigation of the Ramifications of Gamespace"
Turning the subs on in your car doesn't make you cool, it really just makes you annoying.
#ThisSummer I don't wanna worry about if I'm single or not.
I remember back when internet #AprilFoolsDay jokes had just enough believeability to seem true. Try harder, people.
Thanks for the follow have a great day!
try now
RT We want to preserve islanders' Put-in-Bay/LK Erie Island tales. Anyone know of grants 4 this?
What a great weekend to see the butterflies!
Well, mine is clear, so that settles it. Something must be blooming that my body doesn't like. :(
awesome! Currently working on 1.2 which will bring support for search and transcripts. Let me know if you have any questions.
People aren't going to like over Lesnar but you didn't expect Vince to bury his face two PPVs in a row did you?
Do u swallow? Message and send pic PR contest
At any place in history, the death of Christ, like the lines of the cross, runs perpendicular to the flow of culture. J. Fischer
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Yo, can I bum a smoke? I'll give you like 3 when I get a pack.(3 days to week later) Here's those cigs I promised
what about the CRAZIES on your team? #howUgonForgetYoRootz ...LOL
Good days soon turn to terribly miserably awful when I start a serious conversation as such. I'm not joking. She takes it ALL
O'Neal's first three rebounds of the game gave him 12,358, enabling him to pass Paul Silas (12,357) for 16th place on the NBA's career list.
I've forgotten how to fly, and be bangarang. I just need to remember, because we all forget. It's remembering that shows we all know how.
yo- dc's cool &all but where's all the powderedwigs &shit?
good luck!
It's cold af here
NO WAY! Let's go!
Best part of the episode.
no problem thanks for the support!! Watch for new songs in the next couple weeks!!
yes, it's raining in Austin -- a wet welcome all the Brits attending SXSWi ;-)
how is your dog?
impressed with pro. $49 annual subscription just paid for itself 6X over by emailing me about a $300 drop on a ticket I bought.
RT : "Institutions are radical ideas cast in concrete." How do you include space for future creativity?
You best get on down to Casa Vicente at 8pm tonight or you'll miss the fun! Tablao tonight and tomorrow!!
Concealed carry update: Wisconsin employers consider gunfights in company parking lots.
Halloween at High Noon: Exhumed the Hits - 18 Songs spanning 4 full length albums. Only $6.99 @ Amazon mp3 -
Anyone out there use ? How do you like?
Happy Thanksgiving! Turkey or Ham?
Kid might have some books smarts... but he needs to get streetwise! That's no way to work the system.
and be totally nakedd
have a nice day everyone! =]
don't retweet articles by the dickhead
There is maybe one person reading who will get this, but I'm thinking WebGenDB error report madlibs would streamline my daily routine.
ESPN Chicago: High-energy Samardzija throttles Reds - LockerPulse
poppin' the bubbly as Pro Champs
is listening to #AbbeyRoad by The #Beatles. You should be too!
i did too haha
I MISS U!
#FOLLOW for a
What is the best hotel Facebook page you have seen? Why was it the best?
The Google profile has to be the center of the experience on Google+ #smss12 via
did u do ur history
People who are struggling need our care & compassion.
Congrats to on the sale of her new novel to HarperCollins--I just learned this awesome news today!
I never wanted him. He even trying to play tonight. Terrible : Just think some people wanted to trade for Howard. #Knicks”
Trivia: Casablanca and Rebel Without a Cause are the only two movies in 13 years that have been repeated at Screen on the Green.
I'm glad you enjoyed it... Thanks
you think you might change the way I feel, teach me to let my guard down
Way to go clarksville. Shoot the fireworks where we can't see them.
now you know I gotta steal some of ur quotes lol
i live about 5 minutes away, don't tempt me with your curly fries now xD.
Nothing breaks the soul like chronic pain. My prayers are with anyone out there who has had to endure pain for a long period of time
I am a big user of zotero, so unfortunately safari is not an option for me right now :-)
you guys. i tell ya. you're great :)
good morning ( :
Getting some fun feedback from my #altsummit post! Maybe I'll start blogging more about all of my embarrassing experiences...
Fortman: People are resilient, creative, and want to work.
Uh oh the Saints are playing the Giants. Someone I know will be upset no matter who wins. I'd better just hide under the couch
she says "thats ok. I actually found a letter from you from sept..."
At club chrome wit Charlie boy and dorrough Stoney crook records baby
Spending the morning in DC by myself & looking forward to it.
I never had a boyfriend that be lurking so much !!!! <<<<< I wish to never never have one !!!
Let's go racing! Here's to an amazing safe 2012 season!
give us a call when you can. Tried to call earlier today and got voicemail.
Thanks! I think I've done a pretty good job fielding the hit so far (might as well keep going w/the baseball metaphor).
Ive seen the cutest men ever today I'm glad was there to experience with me
ice cream makes me HAPPY :)
kids have stolen 3 of our class iPods I got donated so they could do more interactivity. Why steal from urself?!
STS Executive Committee is meeting virtually for the first time - about 25-30 members. Fingers crossed for better than complete chaos! :)
Thanks so much. We're blessed to have so many new Jesuit graduates in the world.
#iloveyoubut it is hard being 2nd to the Marines, even if I do understand.
Thank You as Well Honey!!! RT : S/o to for these new pieces!!!! Just tried them on and love'em...Thanks Lady!!!!
85 today, hopefully I'll see some ass <U+E402>
Ure blasting Empire State of Mind while driving thru Brooklyn. Really? I know we're all excited to be here but that seems like a little much
hey thanks 4 being a voice in the fight against
morning back!
praying for you Dsimber!
I played basketball to try to get my parents from working so hard. James Worthy
Unfortunately, can't help u with that. Surely there's some kinda calendar/scheduling app. Good luck in your search!
First day of school and already at the pub. tacos and beer!
kids are still mourning Terra Nova's demise :(
The increasing number of drones government is purchasing shows its prominence for U.S. security or insecurity.
Follow me and maybe u will be lucky enough to get more than 50 followers in 2days
I'm not sure yet! Why, whatsup skankalicious??
We do indeed have #PersonalLibrarians for all students & faculty. Admin departments someday, too.
no its not
Thanks to the WooHoo, my friend. I'm really liking your Mexico-themed background, too. Very lively & colorful (like you!). :)
Happy Easter!! Have an amazing day with family!
catching a few movies on #netflix and eating pizza with the girls.
that was so ridiculous...and that Elvis haircut....Bieber, the buying street cred thing isnt hot
I missed Reyes and Infante. Pink Bats?
I hate when people suddenly fall asleep without saying goodnight -_______-
Any Budget Printing reopens at 8:30am tomorrow after the great #sdblackout of 2011.
two high fives? Not even sure if we're bargaining or if you're just repeating the word "macdougal" but I'm gonna try.
Mr. Odams class reminds me soo much of the class on Freedom Writers :)
It takes like no time at all for my mom to find out about shit.
perfect it looks like a 911 perfect!!
You're very welcome! I hope it can make a difference. Such a horrible barbaric thing.
Is anyone I know (or you know) interested in preserving/archiving Operation Ivy's live footage and audio? If so, feel free to DM me!
Commission on Sustainability meeting, Tuesday 9/26 @ 4:00 pm, 417 E. Fayette St. 8th floor. Open to the public.
I feel like Five Hour Energy Xtra should be called Six Hour Energy
Kobe Bryant is the best player in the NBA right now.
hahahaha that is awful for your life. it comes in handy quite a bit.
Music is life ...
Peace Corps is a need not an experiment it was 50 yrs ago.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 16
Lol yess :D I NEED HER CLOTHES !!!!!
Did you write down the booklist? We should start a shared google doc.
I think Lamarth Vader had something to do with it.
Heading to #AAUW for a screening of Looking forward to finally seeing what the buzz is all about!
I disaprove of your nonmetal/rock ways, why you rebelling?
My heart goes out to any and all human beings in North Carolina who were told they are less than such today.
u know its funny-i wrote everybody high for me,as an outlet to let loose-never dream how many would feel the same way-i luve it!1 true fans
has anybody used an FHA loan before?
¦ ) thanks for following back
I.e.: "ponies love rainbows & eat bagels," vs. "ponies love rainbows, & unicorns eat bagels." Not always essential even so.
I woke up to my nieces beautiful face this morning. We had girls night last night! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
who back up steve blake?
This has been 1 of the best #FF ! Thank you and welcome to all my new tweeps. I appreciate each and everyone of you!
Triple booting my Mac and other fun geekiness tonight
“: Dear #youngpreacher please remember that God is watching over u and out for you! U r not Alone!”
The Blues have played each final 4 team this spring season losing by a combined 11 points 0 Metro - 8 Palmer - 1 Belmont -2
8 mile run with a cold but no asthma attack!
w'sup dude.
North Park...San Diego.
Part bear, part machine...all Teddy.
wow! Thanks for the mention!
it was fantastic meeting with you and forward to am extraordinary event:-)
like I'm Not gonna throw down in the hometown gonna have like 4-5 in San Antonio
I was excited to find out Morrison was going to be part of the #Blackhawks.....I'm hoping he will be a good fit!
follow back, ehh?(:
Get your paddles ready! It is time to give and make a difference. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
I love seersucker
: Okay, some of you have asked, I have a new tattoo but right now I'm trying to liver all the beer out of my body. #IhopeLi ...
New item very soon: UNIVERSAL HANDCUFF KEY NECKLACE #getout ofjail
I've spend my night watching Chace Crawford and Ed Westwick videos. I live such an exciting existence.
thanks! We have a lot of fun on our trips...
i love ur new vid, you have an amazing voice <3
Got these haters mad.
.not having anything to do on a saturday night >>>
If I didn't slow down I'd be a townhouse about now lmao
At some point, I'm just going to have to give in and download and play Angry Birds. I can't take the pressure and hype any longer.
Very inspiring words. Thanks for the quote!
That's amazing! So proud of you, big. Missed you earlier tonight at the alumnae dinner :)
absolutely, get 'em started young!
Don't get it. 40k a plate = 13 million -- but programs loose funding because there isn't enough money? I am moving to Canada.
I know, I was wondering if you knew what channel it was being aired on in the US?
"As long as we maintain our common resolve our journey moves forward and our future is hopeful" Great speech Obama!
of course! what do you do there?
Ready to see you folks in the panhandle in Navarre for the shows this weekend!
Just had a great meeting with Stay tuned for a big announcement coming soon!
We have to stop the American Dream from just being a dream. The injustices done to the Middle class must end.
Thanks for the support!
better do some stretches. Maybe a warm up lap.
oooooowwwww!!!!!! Lol I been could roll ;-)
super easy - I actually took a pasta making class at Daves fresh pasta in Davis which is so fun
skip be sippin before the show!
Flow is the mental state of operation when an athlete is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involv., & success
wait Rach told me she was cooking a dinner for me. Who is harey and Carey?
I dnt get woke up to nothin like tht
hoping i get to them before the year runs out
Hey, , just wanted to let you know that I will be discontinuing your service due to your recent rate increase. Thanks for the flix!
had to get home early! Haha
lol girl dnt get me pump up.
i found out the song that reminds me of you listen to crazy girl by eli young :)
Thank yall so much! We really loved talking to yall. It was def girls' night!
Gus, Perry, Latoya, Disco, Tendency, Grass Bros., Portraits, Sketch, , Brothers Garss + Special Guests! 5/20/12 OTP
the front page of the newspaper today has a girl throwing newborn puppies in a river, how psychotic are people these days?
...and goodnight
I used to watch the TO show (thx GF), he's always playing the "woe is me" card. No one feels sorry for a guy who made/blew $88M.
sometimes a nigga gotta #flexUP like #bitch u think ima slouch lol
"I'd Rather Be Lucky Than Good" - Jesse The Body Ventura
Expect a Halloween special edition LOVIEE up in the next couple of days with regular postings to resume in November.
why do i worry so much?
There are some exciting Xs & Os possibilities for Lakers end-of-game situation being drawn on my timeline. Should have happened last night.
happy birthday from Boston!
Thank you for the kind words!
"Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is." H. Jackson Browne
thanks Brian!
But the message is the same. #Israel is a great country and a great nation. #Zionism is in. #Judaism is in--Caroline Glick
Good point. Wouldn't MOST ppl say "It is extremely challenging to support myself as a [fill-in-the-blank]" these days?
I don't wanna go to work today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Been busy with auditions... Always a good sign.
Wishing I never did the the electro-optics degree. Shoulda just did normal #optics. Ugh
If Goldman S allegations are true I'm wondering how serious the implications for global banking confidence will be & knock-on impact - AGAIN
You're a beast. Congratulations!
I doubt the shooting at Towson mall was random. Settle down people, the statistics are still favoring safe shopping.
Wish I could get you out of my mind. -_-
Pretty successful day I'd say.. Graduation invites done, clean car, and somewhat of a clean room
thanks for all that you do! You rock
I can dig it :}
Yup! We were there for the stuff Friday and then spent saturday morning at the festival proper. third year in a row! loved it!
Practicing belly dance for just 20 minutes EVERY day makes a BIG difference. Helps more than a couple of longer practices, I think.
Working hard and chilling with the King !
Thanks Jim. Sonoma was great. My parents are over from Scotland and we had a wonderful time. Back to the cold SF summer today!
im totally out of the loop today...Havi fired, but Kitchen stays!? Man we played that really wrong! :/
“: I like my dress:-)on your picture”I know I have such great taste I was smart when I bought it for u fits us both<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
listening to DEMI LOVATO skyscraper.. love it
How many of you have visited Heaven when you had a near-death experience? Share that experience with me and others.
Unfortunately I do not think we have a functioning one at the moment but its 713-227-DEAN
Interesting 4th Street Forum on Voter ID, not liking the tone of a certain legislator... Yikes.
I have a feeling this is going to be a long stressful week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
what up.
X videoS
We would love to have you, Alpana! Anytime!
#JustWishICouldSmile but God is never wrong.... So something great is coming
Its that time of year
Shorter new website domain same great food Platinumcce.com
I'm upset I didn't get to see him tonight.
When u constantly get asked if you had your hair done recently & it's been a month u know u have a great stylist cc
Lots of clapping today! Great news! Luckily the lights aren't powered by The Clapper! #WTASummit #TourismMatters #ClapOn!!
4lbs of mac and cheese
Baby Carter enjoys Britney Spears and her music videos! I'm the best babysitter ever!
seriously idk but your my #FAVORITE #
east side lawlz
Thanks, I took care of those over the last week in Vegas.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney
Thx! MT : #FF Follow progressive MA tweeters & us
where ya at???
i really don't understand why some people say they want to be in a relationship so badly. it's so much easier to not be.
Lack of sleep from late shows it's not only psychically tiring but mentally too.I am in such a bad mood...
upside-down is in right now.
Love Caffe Medici in Austin! This is a pretty cool place to pick up an evening Latte or glass of wine.
RT Last year's Madden Curse on Peyton Hillis so strong it affected Peyton Manning and Sean Payton. Bad year to be Peyton.
Australian is an easy language to pick up!
#PRDLA Singapore Nat. U's Yap on using social media in the libs - e.g., reading student tweets on how they plan to break library rules.
Congratulations! RT : WOW! We hit 900 followers last night! Hope u enjoy the food reviews as much as we enjoy providing them!
My New Clothes Came In Today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#DEDICATEDTO ALL THE BIPOLAR PEOPLE ON THE PLANET FUCK BOTH OF THE PEOPLE INSIDE UR HEAD
Seven mile run today in the warm sunshine, fast and fun. Tired of the dark cold early mornings! Bring on summer!
BUSTER BLUTH IS ON SVU Y'ALL
"You're frying yourself" -asha
Thank You For Mentioning us!! Happy Father's Day Weekend!
When you try to draw Niall Horan and it turns out a little more like Justin Bieber<<<<<<. KILLING MYSELF BYE
Cheap RT : The San Francisco Giants have signed lefthander Madison Bumgarner to a five-year, $35 million extension.
- hello! I love my trilobite surlyramics I got at TAM8
Q5 #indieview. I think there may be a generational divide on this one! Honestly if kids are READING ANY BOOK, I'm for it.
Hey squirrel if dis is really u I just saw u on bring us that Gold back from London son!!!
boo, you're just missing craft beer week!
RT : It's time for 's annual Mother's Day photoshoot: 11am - 1pm, Wilson Commons TODAY. Come tell your mom you <U+2665> her!
Holding it down on KISS FM until 7! Feeling really good for a Monday!!
Straight-Up Cash.. Bookholders is where it's at :) Come into the STORE right now and sign up for flyering!!!
looks delicious even in the unassembled stage. You might be giving me some motivation here.
. And a big thanks to for the grants that send our outstanding members to Chicago!
lol my lips r like sugar this candys got him sprunglol!!!1!
Hahaha B12 is amazing!! Gives you energy!
I was taught to ask reporters what my deadline was for getting them what they needed.
ONE-LINER: What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
Hahaha. Obama, The Roots & Jimmy Fallon singing slow jams about keeping student loan rates low...amen to that!
Today's Birthdays: Country singer-musician Tim Raybon (The Raybon Brothers) is 49. Actor Jeffrey Donovan is 44.
Being alive in this manic world Is nothing more than a miracle.. That is all!
Is this lincoln-douglas debate newt had been talking about.
whoa, that sounds like an awesome conference.
wtf. why won't any songs play on my laptop..
I'm chillin', but my swag's on full attack
Baseball: Canby adds two more runs after Bryce Beatty's suicide squeeze and Trevor Laib's RBI single. Leads Oregon City 3-0 after 2.
Gov Haslam: Our main problem (regarding education) is cultural.
you miss my outrageous outburts, don't lie to my face, through Twitter, another preposition that fits...
I have to decline but thanks for the offer. Work leaves no room for outside commitments
"See me. Feel me. Shoot me."
Thinking as a scientist. Around 4th grade kids lose interest in science.
start reminding me a little more often.. Please #hahahahaha #hatethis <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
any news on the schedule c fix for online edition?
Carlton, thanks for your questions, Morehouse Man!
And then there were 4. Next week we'll know the 2 teams coming to Indianapolis to help us celebrate our great party.
"Accept me for myself or not at all. Any other arrangment cheats us both."---Father Joe Sica
don't hit on my mom...
Be the first to LIKE us!
Me: Cleaning is HARD! My sister: That's why it's called "housework" and not "housegoodtimes."
Football Fans: Saturday @ 5pm, #SDSU takes on the New Mexico Lobos. Watch the game on Time Warner Cable, San Diego Channel 4.
The Evernote session is packed. I'm on the floor in an aisle.
I just like saying it. Hot spacho!!! RT : Retweet if you love the hot spacho
at the track meet with and
Still Single Tho <<<
It's been a little over a week since having septoplasty, and I can already breathe better than I have ever been able to before!
uh, I don't have such an app.
we, and I, beleive if ubhad a card last year its the same card as there is no expiration date.
June 12 is my lucky day
why u not going out tonight? The night is like an infant right now!
Thanks for the support Pattie :)
True story: we had to pluck from the Caribbean for Saturday's Timbers game. Gotta love the guy. Get well John Strong.
oh ok #whew where at? Within my realm of protection?
It's 100° !! Here in Nevada your
RT Caro is also #1 on the nonfiction e-book bestseller list, for the readers who'd rather not carry around a 736-page hardcover
Hey Sam!(:
I WANT YOUR PROM DRESS.
I'll keep an eye out for him. : This is an APB out for you're playing in 25 minutes! Where are you ? lol
follow back!!!!
thank you thank you :) \m/
Stay tuned for 2 new balance bikes coming this fall.
I don't even know the mission/vision at my site, it's far too complicated
must be good, it's checked out everywhere
ouch lol, tell your friends to be careful!
Re-watching the very first episodes of ! Still adore the beginning of my second favorite love story, Finn & Rachel! <3
You're welcome! Thanks John.
#victorymarmoset might be my favorite thing of the early season
shoutout to , she that deal cuz [: FOLLOW HER (:
Not in a rush just need to know when to duck RT : YUp I'll have it up tonight.
Shabbas at the Spodeks! Can't believe that I have a week left!
Yes I know many people who were raised in a denomination but now choose not to have any relp but they r still reverent
Likewise. Haha, yep, I think heavy duty off-road shock absorbers would help :)
No one has ever been able to pull off a mock turtle neck like Carl Sagan.
Cloudy here, so declaring that streetlamp my
I would love to hear what KSR listeners think about Friday's call. Send them my way.
Does Fritz have a Twitter lol
this is stressful :(
Someone tweet me please
Ate dinner at the mall. Go to the party eat again. Go to Nessa's asks us if she wants to eat. Lowkey wanted to...
Love. RT : Show name... Two Blondes and "The Belt"?
If Harry Potter was cloned + went 2 outer space it would be like going 2 Mars w Tom Sachs + his adorably attired studio crew.
Who's coming to the zoo with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
We will be performing a special show at the Eddyville State Penitentiary on Sunday DEC 18th. We are happy about that.
Seattle with my boys! Good to be home!
love u! Ah
#touch <3 I am in love
yea Me too lol
If we celebrated Precedents Day, the first one would be the hardest.
You think you on google ain't it.... What you talking about I'm talking to you,,, #TazzThatAzz!
Saw it in theaters when it came out, bro. C'mon. Don't treat me like I don't know good cinema.
At 14 I had begun reading. Actually I was 13 when I caught the bug. I was in Karachi Pakistan. The language was Gujarati. I had to rent bks
Raiders of the Lost Arc on the big screen April 22... sometimes I love this town.
i love you
Sitting in the airport lounge sipping on whiskey and getting ready to board a flight to Sweden to cast DreamHack.
I don't run away from you, I walk slowly, and it kills me because you don't care enough to stop me.
ATTENTION: If your Twitter is protected/private I am having a hard time following you guys back. I'm not sure why. If anyone knows.. help!
Which Coffee Blend this moanin?! #weedropweerock!!!
#imagine laying in bed with Austin, Alex comes in "aww you two are adorable" you&Austin look at each other and smile<U+2665>
Commission meeting starts.
Beat Valentine's Day ever:)
Card dead for an hour to busto in 23rd place for peanuts...
super sorry for my slacking g. I will have tht joint to yu by Monday. An ima shoot one yall way too
Have a great week!
Very exciting to see 'food deserts' in the United States get new food sources indeed!
I don&#39;t come on my space much u have to look me up on face book under krayon Matthews . Miss u all.
Just sent in my video audition for Radio Disney's NBT 2012. Let's hope they enjoy it!
The #Aztec leaders at the half are Franklin 12 points, Franklin 7 rebounds, and L Franklin 3 assists.
Philly Brown! Hell yeah Buckeyes!!
I can't get pregnant anymore, but just glancing at that tweet made me sweat a little!
nothing on my way to work unfortunately
Some people should not be allowed to drive
'Abdu'l-Bahá is talking music with Madame Ragna Linne at the Plaza, the Norwegian-Swedish opera singer.
Ha no worries.
Love that I'm watching dolphins off the coast on a random Sunday afternoon :)
why you hate jb/
please follow me ! :)
Thank you, kind sir! Keep the fires burning. :)
I ate my head weight in ceviche tonight. I'm not sure how this will pan out for my work event tomorrow morning.
FREE HOT DOGS AND VEGGIE DOGS!!! : guest bartenders for HAPPY HOUR 5-8, 21+, no cover thanks !!
he gave me an ultimatum and I didnt take the other option so he was just like fine we're not friends
For years, mine's been "Monster trucks." Not sure why, just sounds funny
I WASN'T ALWAYS THE SUAVE MOFO I AM TODAY. (Oh dear. Did I ruin that?) P.S. Thanks.
See ya later RT : Hey everyone if you're looking for a nice Happy Hour in a 4-Star spot at 2-Star prices check out
I really wanna go to the #GYM <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Keep the iPad near. I may text you. Heehee! I think I'm ready to see who Shane ends on the show.
Protected by the queen of the sky.
The same variables that make #some charter schools excellent, should be applied in public schools.
#UK is trying to take the #LA #Clippers' Lob City crown fasho! haha
Alot of woman never give men the opportunity because theyre insecure and confused.
7 Brides for 7 Brothers...they don't make 'em like they used to!
it's not like she was extremely unattractive, but she was less attractive than usual? that was my point. don't hate me aw.
Landscape images submitted by Aaron P and Peter K will also be uploaded at the end of the month
Yea... Music this weekend for sure
Don't break any mirrors!
can't believe it's still snowing...even downtown!
You don't need an excuse to ENJOY life #justbe # localROC
And I give thanks for an amazing guy like . <3
Is it sad i immediately go Zach Braff? RT : Would u rather hav Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones b voice narrating ur life?
This cuteness is making me want to kill myself seriously :(
We want to thank everyone for coming out to our holiday party. We are so appreciative for all of our fabulous interpreters and team!...
I don't know what I'd do without Austin you're amazing and totally talented. I love you.<3
Frisson! RT The accidental intimacy of bumping umbrellas.
Just witnessed a fight in the mothers day card isle at Target. Older dads. It was confrontational yet polite at the same time. I'm confused.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal and then leap in the dark to our success. Henry David Thoreau
same here, but if you DVR rewind Shazam could be on to something.
Unfortunately it is on...I'm just trying not to watch....
One "ugh" and one "not surprised" from me about Top Chef tonight.
Stoked to be putting on the #DMNStweetup tonight. These folks are going to love robotic T. Rex.
I dont like playing WWF cuz 2 many people be putting down words everyone and they mama dont know Foo you barely grad HS how u know dat word?
Memphis tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
Gonna miss him a lot thoughh /: Just glad, we're a lot closer nowww :)
Other grp discussed Digital Labor and Intellectual Property - gendered roles of library workers, intellectual work vs. clerical
Good thing they took my bottle cap, as dirty as #dcu is I'd consider throwing it at them! playing much cleaner than DC.
I'm probably out $7, but that was awesome.
is was good just tired
Are you looking for a job here? No, I don't want a job, I want a hobby that pays!
You got to check the effects they are coming uo with, iam using them, they are totally magic and amazing, beautiful!, original music video
getting ready for CHURCH !!! yah ! KENDRA AIRS TONIGHT!!!!
: A dolla make me holla. RT It is called The Lost Art of Being a Child.
I think so too
can you tell both Yung and Lily are asleep and that I'm too boggy to get to work? Will stop bugging you now.
Rest In Peace Junior.... So sad!
hey it is i love it i think it is great
Packers, eh, we'll take it.
Getting ready to listen to Aniban Basu! He's a funny funny man!
sounds like is hitting up Monterey (and SF) soon. What places do you suggest? What was that one in Monterey?
seriously, i'd rather study chemistry or calculus before reading or building another boring conference realignment story.
No doubt RT 3.5 seconds = 5 seconds on the West Coast
hi guys i ran my two miles - eugene
If you need tax help, call Paseo Verde Lib (4926580) or Green Valley Lib (2074261) to schedule an AARP Tax Aide appt. Appts are going fast!
absurd score, wp
Omg what to do..
Best Buy chimes in with MacBook laptop deals
New to twitter who should i follow
It was filmed at the Radisson Lord Baltimore hotel in Baltimore MD :-)
Rick Amato was on KUSI morning news this morning..... Great Interview...
... for the shout out. Thanks again.
#goseeksomehelp if u have been divorced for 18 years and still jealous of your ex-husband's wife.
ebay searching/ebay shopping
And is moving on to the 4rd Round! Who RU rooting for - Vandy or Harvard? Will we see a Ivy League of the Midwest vs Harvard?
no database that ties the comments to other comments. very hard to group comments, & must be customized in each project.
Gentleness is not about being nice or polite. It's having an attitude that says I don't need 2 manipulate or control U.
Jamal Crawford had made 33 straight FT's before that miss. (Via )
Our first intuitions are the true ones. Emile M. Cioran
Instead of saying all of your goodbyes let them know you realize that life goes fast, its hard to make the good things last
of course dear, if your coming to the crackhouse next week, i may be there with a few items.
Before everyone forms a line to suck Lester's dick let's all realize he just beat the #Mariners . They are 16-21, #RedSox are 16-19.
Is it 5pm yet? Man I could use a nice little adult beverage
See you tonight! RT : Dinner club at tonight. Woohoo! Can't wait. I'm starving.
My favorite FOOD Network star is, hands down, Alton Brown. Who's yours?
I do not think "sew pant legs together" means what I think it means. Disappointed.
anyone wanna help me get to follow me? :)
Should I get a gif boom? Nah.
Me and working on powerful suicide story-in wake of Junior Seau's death. What we can learn from this tragedy 6p
Framing of this debate makes it hard 2 argue for the ongoing relevance of spiritual thought w/o reducing it & atheism to absurd poles
Thank you for the inclusion in PR Daily
cause i, i still turn to you
oh did you get yours!? I can't wait to get mine!
2 improv shows this week! 1 event! and of course El Mari Chi Chi Cinco de Mayo show on Satday!
I don't know where I would be without you... Your honest reason in still here... If I didn't have u. I dont think I would still be alive...
Let me ask this a bit differently: of the options you noted, which seems most popular among Pyramid devs & users?
Visit the Museum of Fine Arts for free tonight and every Wednesday night from 4:45-9:45 ( via )
And thanks for all the new #follows today! Stay tuned for #DTLA #artwalk updates all day today
LA Times reporting Nick Montana commits to UW! Awesome job Coach Sark! AWESOME!
Leslie Turner of has blocked extra point, return of onside kick for TD in first half against Pittsburgh.
Cool, keep me posted...
and u didn't even share?
Serving the community through various programs!
Signature win for IU and Tom Crean. Good to see some life back in Assembly Hall.
Time for MNF! Catch the Rams vs. Giants at TK Downtown and support a local charity JUST by showing your awesome face!
It's raining.
have i been untwitterblocked by you?
hahahah probably not as good as the first one but I have to see it!!!! #best movie
Thankfully my brother kept his playstation 2 #ps2 I am being able to enjoy #final #fantasy #ff10 as well :D
What I look like worried over you, have you seen me?
#Mondo needs his own show !!
IT’S PUMPKIN DONUT SEASON!! Try one before they’re gone!
Public Enemy came on my Pandora station this am, and I thought of you. And that they seem so tame compared to rap now.
I always be Fallin asleep when I do that
Good to know you! "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!"
Beginning today.
“: U gotta be able too see too get a nigga back.. #blindfury”ctfu ok I quit
O just realized I crossed the 13k tweet mark. I deserve like 50 followers for that right?! :)
... just landed in Miami. How was your sandwich?
you sir are awesome, and yes we can!
did you like the first one?
Dirty Minds author says: you're more than an author. You're also marketer, publicist, cheerleader & quarterback.
I really meant the poster. Looks fake.
Thanks ! Can't wait to tell you about it!
Bf not even answering the calls but I'm not pressed...life goes on...
We are going to reveal parts of our drink packaging in the next week or so. Very appealing if we do say so ourselves.
Sorry, if your profile pic is an egg, I won't follow you back.
I love you too!
Best dressed: Michelle William's by far #Oscars - also loved Rooney Mara (though a lot of people didn't)
I Hate Homework!
The baseball. Chopping it up on baseball.sprnetwork.com. Live at 3pm Pacific Time.
Taking my little sophomore friend to meet The Situation this weekend. Dead, dying, convulsing all over.
Cucumber with lemon & salt & chile tajin yum <U+E056>
; think ima go have some drinks tonight, since them hoe's is free <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Ha, me and you both. This phone number issue cracks me up. Cheers!
Ik my arm looks different and weird but of your going stare plrasee stop making it so obvious
Spread the word, suggest us to your friends :)
50,000+ hours logged in 's Caring Counts drive! Do we like to volunteer or what?
RT : Only 11 months 'til Christmas..Give your boss a very early gift...toss 'em for ! Nomination portal is ope ...
Lips stained red from a bottle of wine.
Yes indeed, the people 2 rows up on this plane have 2 whining dogs. "Shut up, Roxie!" doesn't seem to be working.
How are ideas selected, some aren't very good.
Why do you ALWAYS do this to me at the last minute? UGH.
Maybe cook a little bit less? Perfectly juicy burgers need no sauce. Also, cheddar is good but basic. Change up the cheese.
I keep meaning to try that place! Does it really hold up to the hype?
Ur a doll! RT : Support my dear friend and attend this years America's only toy & game fair open 2 public
Yo I'm starving these ppl in 2 hurry up I'm ready 1 eat!!!!
At rehearsal. Just got viciously elbowed by Cristen Barnes over a script. She now has my part.
we need to discuss Hannah, Marney, & all the happenings on 'Girls!'
someone take me somewhere Saturday.
CAN'T. STOP. LISTENING. to "Coming Up Strong"!! May 8th needs to get here faster so I can hear the rest of
they look skinny.. are you feeding them enough?
Leif's word for computer is "gab," which is short for Yo Gabba Gabba--clearly the only reason computers exist for 2 yr olds.
RT : is on this list - "Super Bowl Sneak Peek: 10 Ads with Winning Online Buzz" slidesha.re/zeGgBl
let's drink on it; put our heads together and think on it <U+2665>
Oh #facebook .. I dont have time this week to learn new #timeline rules for brands!!
well, I wasn't concerned about the way she looked. I just liked he voice. Haha.
Well, this explains a lot of the awkwardness in my day. RT it's "Hug a Newscaster Day"...that's both exciting and terrifying.
whats good envy i noticed that ja rule #PIL2 album is doing good lately on the billboards
this is gonna make me sound desperate but..YOLO! I wanna boyfriend..
dang y folks be watching u like that? I mean u aint nobody lol...
Turning into a very Merry Christmas. Best wishes to all!
is this a finalfour tweet commercial ?
We're shooting tonight... we're not shooting tonight... we're shooting tonight... we're not shooting tonight... we're shooting tonight!
Ford pools EV, hybrid research as fuel prices jump Ford is devoting one of its largest research labs to the development of hybrid, plug-i
I like sweets :)
I know, that could be terrible! Hopefully she can take a look and get it fixed right away. cc
I've Never Been To Stubborn To Admit When I'm Wrong !
I want to start training for a 1/2 marathon :)
You needa thug in ya life cuz busstas ain't loving ya right
Rich says singing with band yes, but no karaoke machine
Holy shit. Ed Dickson caught a pass!!!!
At theraphy for my ankle.
A marriage is a partnership- Partnership starts with the letter P, so does Protect, Provide & Pleasure!
Isaiah 1:17 "Stop doing wrong, learn to do right! Seek justice, encourage the oppressed. Defend the cause of the fatherless..."
calling me a blind chick... Please...
Forget this life Come whit me Don't look back Unlock your heart Drop your guard No one's left to stop you
Lets play how many twitter followers I can lose in 10 minutes. I've already lost 7.
Why don't we actually address reducing teacher layoffs instead of attacking teachers?
I miss you boo boo! :( this is crazy having not been able to see you...
A lot of people dying young these days...smh
“: SHOWCASE!!!!! ” Good luck NYFA students!! Break legs!
I would bring something but our money went toward my momas party but I thought I would be good enough, so im bringing myself
I like that idea a lot. Dressed as Thorin.
Watched 9 hrs of TV Sun.! Caught up on A LOT of shows in the DVR, & deleted some from the recording list...sorry #PanAm &
Boys can't break your heart unless you let them. Be smart, before they play you, play them.
Happy Mother's Day!
RT : #MiamiMegaMission in Jerusalem. Off to celebration at Safra square with Mayor of Jerusalem, Nir Barkat
You wanna be my 800th tweet? How many do i have now?
IM IN A HOV LANE.
Enjoying a nice Colorado afternoon. We will donate a 30 page per min copier to a non-profit org in Denver Metro! Please call for details.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : No Strings Attached (live updates)
RT : 305 Miami Pornstar asa of spades pussy wetter retweet n follow me < follow her
Congrats to Paul Massey and of for being honored as 2 of the Top Most Powerful in NY Real Estate
Amen, sister
Waited on you for so long
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
I let my guard down with and for one second and.....WHAM!!! Don't like them. Can't trust them.
getting us up to speed on the #brewers right now on
I'm going to try to finish this book tonight. Goodnight. maybe xD
Do #Rangers fans kiss their mothers with that mouth?! Ear muffs!!!!
; Thanks, for the follow. Appreciate. it. (;
Say-n-Play is one of Dr. Toy's 2010 Best Vacation Toy winners. WooHoo!!!! www.saynplay.com
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you... :) love this song to death!!!
Remembered watermelon in fridge. Face lit up as brightly as when I see Weekend At Bernie's II is on TV.
woo! good luck!
I wonder what is up to. Probably being #twilightlicious :)
UP UP UP UP
welcome back!
Thanks! I'm thinking it was the file that I downloaded. It worked on the second go-through.
Just learned Skyscraper by on guitar. I am in loooovee with this song.
Stop in tomorrow night for New Saturdays @ Blackthorn Pub & Grill This week - MCZ!
QPR is really playing a good game today. Feel bad for Aston Villa and what is going on with City?? Keep it up Sunderland! Villa scores!
Ha---woah. That's Jarmusing. (That pun almost works).
Can you give more insight regarding projectbrooklynhomeowner? Is it a non profit housing agency?
Miami doesn't have a single big guy with an offensive game with Bosh out. Just plain ugly right now - LeBron better step up in the 4th
should win some games
#Dare to be
Who has tried the Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger pizza?
saw you are were the founder of Exploroo- great company. If your up for it contact me so we can set up a linkback?
It's red. haha i forget what it says though.
That is a fly couple right there....
Hey, Tom - you're welcome!
Finally have a phone with apps and #QR reader -amazing!
In looking at the material I've written... I would say 'no'. It's not necessary unless the plot or story actually calls for it.
My husband prepared a wonderful meal for us and baked a pineapple upside down cake for desert.
Snap poll: Are you playing Over or Under 284 in tonight's NBA All-Star Game?...
lets meet this week so I can give u those prints. I'll share details for the reception so u can view yourself in a gallery
My summer starts tomorrow
Preach it! Thanks for being a positive voice in the entertainment industry.
Save some for me! Pretty please with nutella on top! :D
please everyone go follow he is really kewl...he is one of my best friends...and if you follow him i will love you 4eva.
Taylor Swift wearing a dress like Grannie from Beverly Hillbillies.
LA is the place for sleeping! :D
submitting today.
abraham lincoln name drop. everyone huff laudanum!
Crazy dreams last night...I'm hoping that just one of them turn real.
What's your boy Chris Donald up to, these days?
Getting excited about starting 2012...similar to looking forward to the back nine!
plus...... I spelled it out. Literally spelled FURBY. ;)
Thinking of a GOkickball night at a Clippers game. Let us know if you this is something that would interest you.
T1 lectures are only as good as the lecturer and most lecturers aren't good (although they think they are)
LaRussa will end up in the Hall, but he certainly isn't above some bush league antics
Just played an awesome show and had a band chicken nuggets eating battle. Good times!
RT : MUST FOLLOW
I like the way you walkin' if you walkin' my way.
Weather is awesome and the beers are pouring. Come cheer on the O's with us!!
if your knees don't randomly give out after you do legs, you obviously didn't go hard enough
Awesome blog post!!! I wish you had been on all our visits. Now all we need is a blog...
Of course my friend!!
I thought it was me. They are always showing Sonic commercials there are no Sonics in Maryland. I want Sonic Hotdog and milkshake
": Kickball debut tonight #HIFI" Hifi until I die! Welcome to the team! Ps Tell Zusi to give an invite to
It was an amazing. #2 selling beer there. Worked 14 hour days and it was hard work. Would do it again in a heartbeat.
I'd say more of an uncomfortable creepy at one point. Great episode, though. As always.
haha you don't even talk to me
Unless your presentation is actually about the entire history of your institution, just skip over that part.
I think I just miss you or something.
RT : we wish you guys were all still here! <-- me too! Lots of happy memories! THANK YOU!
:) rt Another day, another film crew comes to HQ to do a story. Props to , they found us via a BBJ story!
how do u know for sure?
RT We have featured some amazing #CreditForCreatives suggestions this week, please do keep them coming!
The new product is coming along quite nicely, we can't wait to unveil it.
.: Content is becoming hotter again. The job board is picking up, mostly in digital jobs.
Honestly, I miss you. The things we did, the conversations, just everything ! Fuck this sucks ! :/
I love when i pay for a medium lemonade at Chick-fil-a and they give me a large..
I just kind of want to be left alone today...
Niall your important and we love you too <333333333
Florida tends to let teams hang around (ie Miss St in SR)..how many times can you play w/ fire and not get burned?!
Have you looked into direct-to-implant surgery? My wife so happy she did that. Dr. Lisa Hunsicker in Littleton, Colo.
You need to put a child lock on that channel! I did on my TV!
Curse of software dev. No edges, no shadows, not physical presence. Hard to get 150 programmers to agree. Via
no but I hear they are great. Do you know? Merrill?
FOLLOW RAY >> “: Josh Beckett needs to save his sub-par performances for the golf course.”
There's a name for #WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan in real life. They're called sluts . . . or by their trade name - reality stars.
is the HOTTEST Housewife. I love her.
Tweeting in all caps = MORAN
To have abundance feel abundant.
who!(: cant wait to see it!
You should join me a Ramblin Jacks for lunch sometime...I think you would be suprised that I am not rude lol
hm and why is that?
Y'all Zipsters are poets & we didn't even know it! Any other Zipsters wanna share a haiku for a shot at a day in an Audi?
It shows the mentality of these thieves, they have filmed & announced where they are going to steal from & it's ended up on the news!.
Thursday is the pre-day of an excitement building for the weekend.
Thanks for taking the time to answer my questions/sign my book tonight. Hope I can transition from stand up soon!
u r a LUCKY guy :-) lol
bad girl club dude is intens !! Like i feel like Im watching a boxing match yo lol
Thanx for liking my fan page! You Rock!!!
Have you, like Toodles, lost your marbles? Come write with me on my photo writing prompt blog :) www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
o no my golds ! imy ! get well soon
Reading Delta Cost Projects' Trends in College Spending 1999-2009 for Friday's analyst discussion - getting & Econ of HE flashbacks!
Are you an AV integrator transitioning towards security? You're not alone. The SS&Si Dealer Network is here to help! Call 866.364.0030
Slept in a little after another great night at The band was awesome and there were tons of great leads!
R11 bus 6410 driver was polite and provided a safe and enjoyable ride to College Park Metro.
Our next gift card winners are CHELSEA LEE and LESLIE COMBS!
“: #Leo is warm, generous, open spirit, and makes strong leaders.” Both Buffettes Founders are Leo's! <U+261D>
Happy Holidays !
awesome! She's walking the walk!
every day i'm shuffLIN
ha yeah I think I'm probably the problem not the school lol
Pack and a half of ramen was an outrageous mistake...dunno what I was thinking?!
So got a great email from asking us to participate in Oozeball 2012! No way we say no! Who wants to join our team?
in my high school days I was real but neva to my grl:( if I culd rewind time and take it all bck I wuld
I HAVE to get a motorcycle this Summer.....like y'all don't even understand
Thinking about classes that will get me out of my funk today... know of any good ones?
Hahahha oh how I love the Spanish teachers they always make my day!
Today classes are starting for real, and as usual I don't like my classmates. Sigh...
omg just came back from puerto rico it was awesome.
#TarotDay Sunday: Sun, same in #tarot. Shine, Expand, work without lust of result and for joy of the activity. Live as if all is possible.
“: Decide to be happy...Smile today... A smile is a curve that sets everything straight." happy weekend
happy happy Halloween Halloween Halloween. Happy happy Halloween. Silver Shamrock.
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed because I'm puerto rican
today was funny as hell as usual niggas be trying to act like sum they not niggas need to stop that
#BOYFRIENDREVIEW it's like my favorite song it's amazing I love the beat and how u go high and low! It shows ur vocal range
Glad that you were able to make it to Pullman yesterday
If being a 'bitch' is what it takes to make my point clear, then I guess that's what I'll have to be
To all you lovebirds out there tonight: use a condom. Not trying to share my birthday with anyone else.
Its so annoying when people root for everyone who the lakers play against. you aren't a denver fan, nobody besides ppl in denver like denver
I guess everythin happends for a reason
Our cats are playing the live action version of Street Fighter right now, and it's awesome.
Life is good! Cherish it and love your friends and family! Then get your favorite drink and get wasted lol!
like like like like like like
Good Luck! #bullsnation RT : Bulls vs magic tonight we really Need this one payback is on our mind
So, is anyone going to invest in ?
I forgot the passcode on my iP Crap.
Just watched this dopey romance "Children of Men" where the guy doesn't even kiss a girl, unless you count that ping pong stunt.
I am as vain as I allow.
Serbian war criminals are hilarious.
PIE Demo Day was incredibly interesting, went back and immediately tried out and have to say its a great tool.
When boys have that big smile, as soon as they see your face. <U+2665>
I'm a lil irritable....
There's a youngish guy that I see at the station in the morning who stands on the ground between the platforms and does Tai Chi. It annoy...
how do i send in my cover of who you are?
I'm at the studio tonight if you need to do any shots for the video.
Happy Passover all! What's for dinner?
new splurge after mattress: new pillows.
My opinions are based off what I know, have experienced, & seen. Don't take offense to constructive criticism... Try & grow!
I'm sorry! They'll get here soon.
Ain't nothing like a white giirrrllllll
Looks like Twitter is starting to roll out the new interface to the less important tweeps. Welcome to the party, losers.
Yes and i wonder why RT : It's becoming more common to see a black man with a white woman..
great movie. Funny at times but still comes across as a pretty serious movie
Packer Forever Lazy
Nice photos! But these are my favorites: Trafalgar Square, The Charterhouse and the Big Ben! #awesomephotos :-)
Another asteroid barely misses Earth. Soon people. Soon.
how could you forget Yolanda?!
The “State Secrecy” report seeks to educate public & officials about adequacy of public disclosure policies in their states
Twitter...why do you mock me?
#BostonSportsReport: ESPN roundtable: Expect another big year from Michigan State football
Definitely not!
Veterans 10% off residential power washing in Las Vegas driveways garages and homes. Thank You for keeping us free! Able and Ready 325-3697
Looking forward to it! Can't wait to taste-and-tweet!
its funny, it seems like sum people seen drama on sumbody else page, followed me to expect to see sum on mine, but i never wrote any lol
“: Did my first video flip!" So proud of my Superstar teacher's efforts!
Follow plz I only got 299 and u need more thank u and tell others to follow me as well plzz
Life Is Not A Competition.
Thank you to all our panelists at the #WhatsNewNashville forum!
cool. I might swing by for a few minutes.
The 3rd Day Of School.... So Tired Right Know:/ Gunna Takke A Shower To Wakke Up
I was a little too emotional tonight.
#haveuever said, 'oh my phone broke thats y I dont have ur number anymore' when u know thats a straight up lie
Water crackers, dinner mints, and don't forget the champagne cocktails!
having great success as phx goalie coach
what time u took u nap lol smh
Safe travels and happy Thanksgiving!
#CineMeeting2012 #LBC thanks for lunch and the good info
RT No, no. I get it. You can ignore me, but if i ignore you. It's a big deal..
he lost? :( dammit
HAHAHAHA I think seeing in his boxers has been the highlight of my night;) Thats not weird is it? xD
Hey - can you add me to the Astro_Ron list when you get a sec? (I'm a confirmed participant.) Thanks!
No silver bullet to make all our students learn. I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED TO LEARN THIS.
thanks for promoting my new mixtape!
Tonight! Conditions, Diamond, Life On Repeat, Late Night Habit, Fixtures Music starts at 6pm $12.00
A Special #ChicagoBulls Sketch Writing Inspiration: D. Rose is injured again and Tom Thibodeau is diagnosed w/ Munchausen-by-proxy syndrome
Wale, down for whatever.
Yea, there might be problems with this new player. I'm listening to Deep Tracks on channel 27 and the music keeps cutting out.
I have no plans tmrw so I will be in line for hours just to meet the kardashians thats how bored I will be.
Jesus H. So glad this whole ordeal made it into the public eye.
I AM GOING TO PASS THESE TWO TESTS THIS MORNING!!!
Anyone want to converse??
Its gonna be a good night!!!!!!!
aw yeah, crashing potus fundraiser like a boss.
Good news: college grad employment rates are going up in 2012! Bad news: jobs are mostly in agriculture and engineering. Oh well.
lmao you funny bro
yes I will email u
drinking game! Getting to 1st base or guys taking off shirts... drink! Its on at 4... don't judge me
": For lent I'm giving up anything that's dessert! So for 40 days no sweets for me!! Someone's gonna be ripped(;" ya you are ;)
- Me too! Especially the items from from the #FireandIce exhibit!
I have the best moms ever. <3
Man where is at?
found a fart joke in a William Blake poem. I'm taking the rest of the day off.
Put meat used for stir frying in freezer for 45 min. to 1 hr. to make<U+FFFD> slicing easier.
im dancing to the harry potter dubstep on tuesday at work.
I'm finally getting the tan I wanted
"Love is such a strong word" lol shut up.
Wishing everyone a Blessed and Happy Easter Sunday! From your family at Indigo Mortgages.
forget Cenation ! I'm a member of Finknation !
Ladies, if you fill in your eyebrows & they look like lips...START OVER!
You have no idea how excited I am for you to come back to Seattle, even though I just saw you a couple days ago there.
Tasty macrobiotic lunch! I wasn't sure what I'd think but if it's all that good, I'm a convert!
as always, my friend
more than welcome Pete
I managed to consume a mere 1,000 calories today. That's two bowls of Special K, a veggie platter (no dipping sauce) and a banana. Yep.
It has a FLASH!!!!!! #CES2012 RT How does the new PlayFull Dual do in low light situations?
I love flipping through channels on tv their all so different!
Someday will be in charge of all of our Twitter feeds.
Getting ready for the Holland~Dobbins Little Big Band tonight on the recording stage. 1/2 hr rehearse 8:pm show 8:30. best jazz ANYWHERE
In the fast-paced world of business, fun & work often seem to be an oxymoron. Fun should be part of an organization’s overall strategy.-JW
there is no spoon
They must be checking height and weight on the id's. These lines are crawling.
8. Abandonment - email sent x number of hours/day after a visitor has stopped engaging with your company
Dannis Glenn Bish - Memorial Serivce on Tuesday at 10 am at First Baptist Church of Orlando; 3000 S. John Young Parkway, Orlando, FL...
have fun and be safe :) love you both!
Found amazing earrings for my dress up holiday party, but they aren't available til January.
Don't you hate when you dating someone & you meet they relative & they look better then the one you talk to. Lmao
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
oh man. finding dev help would take my stress level down about 10 notches.
Thxs. Hear you are spoiling the the misses:) Well done.
What bug sprays do those of your with #sensitive skin and #foodallergies suggest?
is at work and ready for the New Year...2010...Twenty Ten!
Thank you (or whoever's on call for Browncroft tonight) for quickly fixing our blown tranformer!
Please follow me and ! Love your application!
Mobile is all about doing more, all of the time
Happy 420 everyone! That means pants are optional today, right?
ok i'm am going to try to be down there but if not let them know that arieanna did not hit first zoe did
Your about to be in 10th grade. How can you be so immature?
I posted the link on the last tweet, did it not work? I can post again.
Its like 100 degrees out!!
I woke up at nine and I still haven't gotten out of bed..
Thanks AJ for the retweet. You doing ok with school? Keep in touch I 'm still busy with multiple projects that you can join me
So much to do so little time
now you got the right one lol thanks bud
hey girl
NYU Abu Dhabi...we start the Ahl al-Bayt conference having hugged all the skyscrapers in town. Also, I've gained 10 pounds since last night
New York State Business Marketing Network by www.NYConnection.org "Bringing Team Players and Strategic Partners To The Table"
Can we all pretty much agree turtles are awesome? I mean seriously, who doesn't love em?
iamChicagoDave thanks for following me on Twitter!
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. ~Pablo Picasso
ok, what happened?
There's always memorial weekend! I got this!
ha! got asked if i worked cloud technologies b/c of the co name. had to laugh when i said i named it b/f there even was a cloud.
Watched this Brit movie Fish Tank last night. Featured some classic hip hop, the alcoholic mother was dancing to Nas & AZ
sleep well!! (: by the way, I love your twitter icon! <3
As the purse is emptied... the heart is filled.
poor AJ. remember the episode vividly where tony grabbed the kid and basically threw him in his closet.
He won't go down without a fight! I hope Cain can get through this...
Not everything happens for a reason and the sooner you can get that the easier it will be for you to react to things
some of these videos that are liked or commented on, on my twitter,are NOT me! they are my brother!i dont watch the stuff he does. :) k? k
Moloka'i: prior to recommendation engine 10-20 people added this title per day; after recommend engine: 50 - 100
NY Jets secondary often looked more lucky than good today. Bills had FAR to many opportunities.
Finished running (:
Good Morning, make it a great day! RT : Good morning world. <U+270C>
thanks for taking the Distraction Free Fridays pledge Deborah!
Beautiful day to be sitting on the patio at Northside Tavern!
First comes the GRIND, Then comes the SHINE
#MoneyTeam #moolaboys at the same damn time<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Almost time. RT : Bush was awesome but I'm so ready for u Nickelback cmon
Every time I hear that title, I think it should be called, "Breaking Wind." But that's just me.
Hm... At least i know you dont know me at all :/ either that or you know not to ask...
I know I can't believe it's almost here!!! Beyond excited!!!!
hey - be thankful u have AND ur tweeting from it. #thankful PS I miss u girlfriend
Other Tweeps say power out in Alter Hall and Tuttleman too.
Super excited to have the Superbowl in Indianapolis this year. Who are you rooting for?
we should x3
Im not sure lol two other people own this account too but it might have been
Have not eaten meat since burning man. Just realized that today. There was a piece of peperonni once and the occasional bacon; doesn't count
WE all want more people to care. WE all want weekly sellouts, and WE all want the FO to do a better job. None are happening.
Good thing, I was getting very cranky with them!
Okay look im honest, girl I cant lie I miss you. You and the music were the only things that I commit to.
Awesome RT : You're welcome! I'm a Newark native and I teach there too =D
Also to have fun and not afraid. :)
and #3 will ALWAYS be true.
Stanley Black &amp; Decker Hardware Home Improvement Group Brands Join HomeSphere - Construction Digital (press release)
Can everyone tell me which road they are taking out of #obx so I can take the other?
Only 16 more days of school left!!!!!
Good Morning Tea People. What is Happening?
Three weeks of freedom. To do list: 1. Finish masterpiece 2. find a job 3. clean apt.
Super lame! One of our bartender's cars got broken into on her birthday on Sunday. I hope we catch this asshole.
I wondered how we were going to lose this. I have faith in #Grossman. #Redskins play calling? Not so much.
I dont need it to be easy I need it to be worth it.
Cat-sitting for , teaching a class with , doing a couple readings!
Dear Santa: Find a position for #neuheisal as a #uwhuskies coach...
I was borned on the anniv of titanic, lincoln assassination, and tax day. urgh..
Captain Horny
says: Never forget the youth and the grass roots to help with acceptance. Believes #socialMedia will be helpful too!
Happy Mother's Day to all moms and moms to be! :)
how did I miss that you were pregnant. Omg Congrats.
Bundt glazed & ready for transport.
Hilarious!! Thank you!
Gonna get it
ina weird mood today. i dont like this. anyone wanna hang out tonight?
WITZEND has power!!!
Congrats on paying THAT many years worth of taxes! RT The president sends you a letter of congratulations on your 100th birthday.
Is that you playing on D'Angelo's recording of Funky Drummer?
While you are in KC, check out , Home of the #TopShelf, #BottomlessCup, 2nite, doors open 9pm till 3am. New Format, New DJ's,
Ha! RT : Jiffy Lube Select RT : Spicy sauteed prawns & roasted snap peas w/ shallots -- what wine? Suggestions welcome.
So nice! Thank you!! = best news producer in SD!
an plus you guys aren't good at it lol
Don't having a good feeling about this....
Yes. Yes, it did.
I disagree! I like the crunch :) maybe some potato chips on that pbj....
Joining the #reinventlocal event Assembly. Developers here to support Amex Open event. Digital Otter here, too.
My daughter an I LOVE when you guest host Chelsea! We love it even more when you have the animal guy on!!
Fixed ideas are like a cramp in the foot - the best remedy against it is to tread on it.
Justin beiber album is really good
Go Follow for me
Did u make it
what're you doin up at this hour!!
great new mobile app! - thanks, ... you just made our #RECon12 prep a little easier! 2 weeks - yikes!
I know. It's totally not fair. They won't get the protection that married couples DO get. Social security, insurance, etc. =(
that is because you are awesome.
It's rather "cleansing" :)
Your tweet reminded to me to bring Against Me! back into the rotation. Love it...
Have you thought about flowers for your wedding day? What buds do you want in your bouquet?
did Arbys just fucking tweet you?????
Tomorrow's plan: edit paper and outline another.
That Chevy commercial was fantastic
And there we go! $NASV in full on breakout mode! Broke that .0125 and .015 hitting now for 177% The market has only been open 8 minutes!!!!!
I'm a daddy again! Welcome Mason!
Damn near getting in a fight today <<<<<<< this talk with
my ex tyler loves me again <3333 and his new bf craig 0_0 <3
Haa. Get a room (;
Should I feel guilt celebrating the completion of the 1st year of my PhD program while watching Crossfit Houston folks work their tails off?
Just returned from a meeting. Always a good time
whats up with the unfollow...is this a game ?
If u don't count Fallon/CapitalOne running 3x normal :) RT : = only actress w/ 3 natl TV ads active right now?
just listened to mansbestfriend 6 "radioactive rain". My face melted. Amazing.
why do u wish u could date a youtuber :p
Feel fortunate to have had some time with today, who delivered a bang-up Breslauer Lecture here at UCLA.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
we appreciate it!
I love 2 cook...
Hrs: 7 days a week 10am to 2pm till the Summer heat relaxes then we'll expand hours.... 7421 West Lake Mead 89128
sounds like a cop.
Code Year is like my weekly alarm clock of shame.
lol nigga I'm not even understanding anything you're talkin about honestly like what are you even talkin about lol
Congrats!!! RT : thanks!!!! BTW MY BOOK IS AVAILABLE in paperback on AMAZON.com and BARNESANDNOBLE.com!!!!
Well I think it was a RW one
Metra bringing the peace back...... Or is it fear?
Look on/ "like" "LOVEVOODOO" community facebook page for pics...
Working on announcements for the website and another HUGE featured event is in the works. Trying to put it together. Stay tuned. Wow.
#LiesIveToldMyParents naw I don't got no money
SO true
I'm really bored but good lol
oh ok
#NowWatching "Hey Arnold" :]
I found out the unit rate of one can from the6 some one owes me $0.23
Well it was wishful thinking but I would've loved seeing Barron in the green and gold.
Do u sell ur book in electronic format?
“: To me the Bible is not God, but it is God’s voice, and I do not hear it without awe.”
I know I miss you too ):
Rich in the mind pay that shit.
I am so sad to hear this. :( ": Forest. Good question. Cannot reach him, myself. {: (miss him and worried."
i try to care about my friends and you guys give me shit... i've just been so sensitive to what's being said lately and idk..
Antsy to finish up things for the fall garden. Summer has just about petered out and I want my organic, fresh-from-the-garden veggies!!
... oh lol (: well, i hope you enjoy the show :D
We're stoked on it too! Such good things on the horizon!
I thank the Tweets who pledged support to during my two-hours of support for Up To Date and Here & Now. Nice job.
Follow the Very Sexy
oh WEGNER makin funnies! What's going on dude, how ya been lately?
Please use your leadership to help pass a bi-partisan transportation bill. Use the Senate bill!
it got started cause pammy told me to suck her dick... and then I just came back at her (no pun intended) and it never ended
Most people are really nice. Target has like super honest customers and then epically dishonest ones.
Well Clippers Pissed Me Off Cp3 Had a Bad Game
Remember: when talking about the Arthurian mythos, the history of modern fan fiction well applies.
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Add some fresh salsa to all of your meals today. It tastes great, and contributes to your vegetable count for the day.
ha! intelligence is a rare, rare thing these days.
Our server is undergoing maintenance. Sorry for the inconvenience.
One day in the future the Orioles are going to have this ridiculous fielding 3B, and it's going to feel awesome.
! #Avid cookout May 19th be their or be Sqaure !
for sure! thank you!
This is the first song I ever heard by the Beastie Boys! RIP MCA!
As soon as we walk into our house mom calls: youngest brother spent all day in emergency room. Seriously. I'm afraid to go on with this day.
Hi, everybody! Finally getting a chance to check in after a great week of ISTEP!
love you anyhow lol we will see you again soon we were the organizatio sitting in front of you Tues night just asking 4 follow ;-(
Thanks for the RTs
Just had a lovely time spending my voucher Thank you!
a pat on the shoulder for who
The week is flying by QUICK!
All she want some heal money.
I deleted a certain someone off my facebook, and now it's starting to get comical. The beauty behind Broadway!
Watching #MFC online, wish I could be there!
that is a problem, but i like ur attitude about detroit and that letter u put in front of it. next time
Wrap up comments from Mike Myer, editor of The Intelligencer and moderator of Thursday's gubernatorial debate held in Wheeling follows:
No Son, a frame is a self-holding device that can often stand, or lean and even hang all on its own.
Sweet! Can't beat all this sunshine. I've been out hiking every day! :-)
you'll make new bunny friends quickly, I promise! Find me and say hi!
RT : Quirks, flaws, imperfections, scars...realize YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL, just as you are.
I like Doris Burke. *ducks*
Think iam having a panic attack.
love you too! Miss you girl :(
RIP Steve Jobs. You certainly changed the world.
is this how its supposeeddd to be?
We're at a crossroads...what do you think the hot color for Spring/Summer is going to be?
Went to bed thinking the house was pretty cold..though it is always cold. Wondering how the thermostat got set to below 60.
Took a risk to meet with others, their support made his idea take off.
Rain rain go away!
*face palm* RT lindseymdwenger Lookin up portable beer pong tables for our dorm room lolz
Likewise, maybe I should check to see if any for profit entity will make money from the monument?
Have you voted yet today?
I wanna go to Monterey soon. Hit the beach and get some clam chowder.
This cafe is on fire. It played Curtis Mayfield's "Move on up," now it's Wilco's "Forget the Flowers." I'm never going to leave.
Jody-Anne Maxwell was the first Jamaican and non-American to win the Scripps National Spelling Bee competition in 1998. She was 12 yrs old.
yo are you still followin people or am i late
I would just really appreciate it if you would leave me alone.
That's too bad. BTW, I ran into Mark Dohn here at the #cue12 keynote.
Headed to Hardee's to get a biscuit for !(: Atlanta...here we come !(:
Me: * wake up* O MY GOD I HAVE BEEN SHOT Mom: stop complaining you can barely see it......
(Rich) just swapped. First room some unexplained DC EMF. Moving AC EMF. Did EVP session. Kid. Fighting outside interrupted us.
girl you are so awesome!! thank you!!
shadoobie, my brain's been battered
You are correct. We apologize. It's difficult to relay pertinent info in 140 characters or less. We will repost the correct info!
who me?
haha im just messin bruh lol but it's all on my TL, just ease up for me! Txt the girl
TRAFFIC: Crash - SB Gammon rd near Woodmans - blockage/delays
Its the weekend, time to "Get Stinky"!!!! Hope you all have a good one!!!
seriously the best goaltending I have seen in a long time
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT SEX, LIES AND VIDEOTAPE, KEVIN
Okay, I just saw the tweet about brown and blue. You win.
Thank you for the RT
have you seen the new greenery on the Highline?? Looks nice
Never know with this social media thingy...
no you
Time for #TriviaTuesday warm up! Which "True Blood" star appeared in Gaga's "Paparazzi" music video?
So happy for the company where you will be working. Lucky company. Congrats to both of you.
so where ur new man at? Lmao
It's also opening night for new production of (I did the show yrs ago w/the original raked stage set + costumes.)
Make sure to check performing this Friday at Shopping Festival at 12 pm (400 N. Michigan Ave)
bout to snuggle up in my comfy bed w/ all these pillows & blankets <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>nightttty night
oh wow, both, I started loving the counter top appliances (food processor is the best) then I moved to the range, its great!
#whowouldyourather get locked in a hotel room with or ??
Thunder- I heard it. I was driving and saw the lightning too. Flash 1 2 BOOM! But it's rare out here so we get jazzed easy. ;)
let's buy nick's nest (the hot dog place)
Befuddled by #bookkeeping? Questions about #quickbooks? Ask away! I'm here to help :-)
bout dam time!!! Get on there too :) we'll make good musick!! :) www.thelaststrawrocks.com
When a friend stops texting you and you really need them. Sucks...
Operation: D-vine Intervention begins now.
Bout to brush my hair like Im Chicago from Poetic Justice for the next 12hrs
Prez Obama joking at WH Correspondents Dinner, "I have to get the Secret Service home in time for their new curfew."
South Loop is a great up and coming neighborhood for Columbia students!
Black and white with straps or navy blue and white with sleeves?
Awesome: (like Pandora for book recs) is planning to graph book chapters by things like language density, pacing
Plan B, now to 9:30pm is happy hour. so come be happy.
Aw, thank you.
So true! RT Interestingly (or not) in re Q6, hardly *any* of my library learning is from peer-reviewed library journals.
-Life will bring you curve balls / just have a good eye like in baseball and wait for your pitch
Setting up #EMC Atmos, and #Commvault, tonight. Monday Backup Exec+Twinstrata CloudArray to Atmos. Thanks for the Help this week
Celebrating a birthday! #Party Follow me maybe?! <U+2665>
Can't thank you enough for the recommendation! Looking forward to drinking inside of you after the show is done.
OH WELL FUCK IT! ITS PROMISING!!!
Hey Caps fans! Can I join either of you for your game-watching plans?
Man I wish I could be as classy as some of the kids I got to school with, I need some baby phat and south pole gear.
Amare was mad cause them braids too tight.. You know how hard it is to grab them edges when you braiding some short hair?!?!?
The etrade baby commercials are so cute
Time to rescue and get back to the jokes. You two make the best NYE hosts!
More details regarding .NET positions left you in Meetup message)
How long would Karzai last/live as Afghan president if U.S. pulled out and when the Taliban sweep in like knats?
O good luck on that one buddy lol
I get all the news I need from the weather report. I can gather all the news I need from the weather report.
My mom said i look 11 today
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
awakemys0ul_ Thanks! Who's your favourite band?
Bout to go all Kanye on T Swift on these awards #I'mgoingtoletyoufinish
I give up on this stupid essay!
Good Morning everyone! Let's Make it a Great One!
lol what bout Juno
4 years ago I started my job at champion... Only to leave for a year and be right back working with them again this year
Just got part of my tax return back, watch out
Wtf I missed Bon Jovi...don't hate and a 19 year old called me fat... should of worked!
Feeling better?
I just saw an Outback Steakhouse commercial and I thought of Andrew Bogut. Good luck Aussie
Jeff! Good to hear from you! Glad to re-connect. Be sure sure to check me out on facebook and see pics of my brand new baby boy
Holy crap I'm so dizzy. I just hit my head on the wall ahahah
At Home: "Oh. It's raining." At School: "HOLY Shizzcakes IT'S RAINING!!"
The embarrassing moment when you fall and everyone including your teacher is laughing.
We did it! Both Portland & Vancouver are both at 60 - first time in 2012!
heard they get paid more if they can spin
I've waited my entire life for the day someone mentions me and anything from Alan Thicke's body of work in the same breathe...
we need to talk
Open Mic sign-ups are now! Show starts at 7pm Come jam, or simply hang out and enjoy the tunes (and lattes)! w/
haha u should stop by like soon meaning today!
It is national teachers appreciation day. I am grateful 4 many of the teachers I have had & 4 many of the teachers my children have had.
Busy weekend...party tonight, Femfessional's event tomorrow w/ Pliners, then another party, then setting up a booth at a car show Sunday!!
Averages are a poor measure of this sort of thing anyway. Easily skewed by outliers. What I want to see are medians...
#currently. changing relationship status.
GET OUT TO VOTE today. If you have problems at the polls call 1 866 OUR VOTE
Whiskey Priest wit my main man
Let my love adorn you
#TaughtsAtWalmart now you know they got food stamps stepping out the house at 2pm with holes in they pj's & hair nappy buying shrimp haha
Kevin Love makes my dog grawl!
yes :) I was in the lobby for an attempted one!
Thanks for RTing Lauren!
once again, the price of change is paid on the bodies of women.
Why do people get shocked when I say 'Hold on, let me check my calendar'
Good Morning #Baltimore! Time is today's word! Time waits for no one. Seize the opportunity when it presents itself it may never come again!
Because obtaining the privilege of someone trusting your product will sell for them is very difficult. I've tried for 7 years!
1D fans: stop freaking, please. 1D deserves more fans- icarly will be a bridge to that. Be happy for 'em like suggests! :)
Good morning, loves! It ain't the sunny spring day promised, but I'm holding out for spring weather soon, and getting my wardrobe ready!
happy oatmeal muffin day
I'm so totally loving this! It's beyond EXTRA quiet in my house right now and I'm going to bed! #nogrets on this choice night.(:
Follow me babe (: i love you!!! Come to Mexico? With Alex
Happy Saturday everyone! Its gorgeous outside in DC-not so in the nation's Midwest-watching storms out there. Heading into #cctvamerica ltr.
Please post the link. Always interested in new 1:1 ideas.
the automatic freshaner in this house gets me everytime....
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
BSB | Final: St. Ignatius 19 - Sacred Heart Cathedral 8. SI will play Valley Christian in semifinals. #wcalplayoffs via
you want to "paint the fence?" That can be arranged
As hell. Better east this pussy && LOVE it. Hmph! lOl!
May the 4th be with you! :)
I will!
I should probably straighten my hair so it won't be such a bitch to do in the morning.
Good A.J. shows up and we're goin' back to the Bronx.
Good handwriting, Mr. Census taker!
500,000 cells in the stomach lining are replaced every minute. The entire lining is replaced every three days.
Very cool film, Il Postino. These are apparently conceptual shorts based not on the poet's lives, but on specific collections.
I'm a heat hater too.
Tweets and retweets from are blowing up my feed.
Thanks for the feedback. Glad you enjoy them! :)
Oklahoma Home Repair (405) 821-2597 Visit oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for our educational post on home insulation. . . or just call us!
YEAH!!!!!!Its nail time1 ;D
So does this mean celebratory dinner this weekend?? Or are you gonna be MIA again?
id love to go see it! was it good man?
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. -Sun Tzu
RT The #pelvicfloor & diaphraghm are #BFFs They move together (lowering/rising) & support our center together.
Yezzir.. Let's make it happen.
#cvcouncil CM Castaneda: W side res r generational CV. E side res avg 5-6 yrs CV. How 2 create identy for CV 2 b "home-for-life" for new res
"When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car."
hey! if you're in NYC don't forget about us as your #1 place for computer fixing!
So proud of the lil bro he washed the dishes and put the toilet seat down after he peed.. *tear* he's growing up
What was once up, must now hang down.
Don't let what you do define you, define what you do.
This week is gonna be the worst :(
haha jet leg is real my legs are killing me
#Authors :: Is Indie Better or Is Traditional Publishing Better? Must It Be Either/Or?
I swear I can never just be happy, in either have to be angry or sad.
To learn basic music reading, listening skills. Teamwork/community. And so you eventually have adults to be in choirs. :)
Puppy power! And Brownie's head didn't explode on the call, either.
If it makes you feel better you're probably going to get Deron which would help with the retooling.
"Everything i says isn't funny" HahahaHahaha
Our relationship was built on lies all lies nothing else
No shame in celebrating the strengths you have
"Vodka tampons kinda night?" - my best friend
To my ex-girlfriend : Gotye - Somebody that I used to know. BTW I HATE YOU. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
Hey Twitter Go like baby on youtube b4 it gets deleted #dontdeletebaby do it for
Looking for 1 million people to join our Facebook group, "The $1 Million Facebook Experiment." Go to Facebook and join now!
Tweeterpalooza! This Thursday!
I think we have your information right?
For CSI: MIAMI, I'd say this case...is closed.
Ah, but Chantastic isn't so bad, is it? Kind of catchy! :x
That was rude...
Cleaning. It's what we do.
"Try to become the company that puts you out of business" Ken Chenault
hahahaha! Yeah I do, sorry! It's just so good! One of my favorites for sure!
Make your viddy something sexy. Whatever it is you know we're gonna love it <3 :)
Today is a bit cooler in Seattle. I'm really enjoying the beautiful weather :-)
Going to #CES? will be there. Let us know if you want to connect to discuss social experience integration!
getting ready to start the hot oil treatment! wish me luck... hopefully i don't come out with a jheri curl.
A2: nope - but I have friends to whom this has happened; VERY tough in a small market too....
I ain't sharing this thing on my Fb anymore. I will compell me to get out more... virtually. :)
EVERYBODY I @ FOLLOWS BACK ASAP GO GO GO GO BACK TO MY LAST TWEETS @<U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C><U+270C>
YES....BLOCKED FG!!!
Be Successful In Your Business
JCI early table of contents for April 30, 2012
U thirsty? Here is a cup of whoop ur ass...
it's been a year since all of my money got stolen, im still the happiest I've ever been in my life these days
RT : Live up to greatness.
Education is the solution. "Only the educated are free." #CGI Made me think about
With a Doubt:-) Dats What FrontLin3 Do...
So did we. The best things are impromptu. Great seeing you, Looking so forward to Jan 15
we're cord cutters and would love to watch you online. Until then it's live stream.
Yes... mm 279 would be just east of CC where SR 260 starts to climb up the Rim, very near Colcord Road.
Thank you universe for all that you give me. Even the stale donuts. I'm grateful
We&#39;re about to head downtown for sound check , whose comin tonight to get down with the get down?
16 more days and like half my followers leave eastwood! :/ and ive never met them!
dry erase markers better
RT : I might have to attend a few of these events. Thanks for posting about it ! 's on a panel?...
I can't see emojis
Take chances in life, alot of them!! No matter where you end up and with whom, it always ends up exactly the way it should be ! <3
“ Gemini is definitely able to separate sex, love, flings, and real relationships.”
Did u know? Reuben Armstrong ‘Snakes In The Pulpit’ Author Requests Judge To Order HIV And STD Testing For Bishop Eddie Long
Couldn't stop laughing after True Blood, and Aras and Leyla looked at me like I was nuts. oops
Avenir is the Futura of the future.
RT if you can't sleep
I am so fired up to get I may go "UK" shaved in my hair tonight!
Good morning, all. Sun is shining, coffee is hot, and dogs are snoring. Of course, they got us up at 5:00 AM, so I should be snoring, too.
When tiny kids stare at you<<<
it's ok man we all get served at some point
TheBrassyBite.com ... Coming Soon.
doing homework., about to get up w/my cousin visiting from out of town, ready to do the un-thinkable, hehehehehe! later tweeties, muahhh!
God is so so so so so so so so Good !
what a great game! Hope you all had a blast!
Yo...I just sent you like 5 joints homes.
thank you!! Us cows are not so good at math. :/
Prayers are going out to everyone in Japan!
I voted!
what happened to the hashtag #macombtraffic???
Please walk your dogs on the grass, not on the sidewalks - too hot for their footpads.
its okay that your short just embrace it we all still love u!!<U+2665>
Family is not an important thing, it's everything. Michael J. Fox
idk, it just seems so beautiful there, you know!
hey lady, miss you and hope all is well.... Sorry I've been such a stranger lately. :/5
oh you gave him the sarcastic "word" gotcha lol
ha! Hilarious!
Can't wait to see you play tonight in Wrigley! I'll be rocking my Cards gear with pride!
I was almost asleep at 9pm EST tonight- so I'm living on bonus time, right?
#ChemSPider ended up on Leigh Watson Healy's chart "right knowledge,right time. Close to Google and F100 on the plot. I'll that that!
I'm pretty sure crayons are not an acceptable form of makeup. Your face looks like a rainbow lollipop.
im ready to leave but thats always a production.
If you ever start taking things too seriously. Just remember that we are talking monkeys, on a organic spaceship flying though outer space.
you=hero. i swoon. & thx!!!! xoxo to anne z.
did you guys go to the library today in english?
follow back hun!
tomorrow the trucks will be at coral springs. 2855 Coral Springs Dr. 12-4pm
Goaaalll! USA scores stunning last minute winning goal to advance in the World Cup!
just got off the phone with a lil while ago she so silly, met her at round of applause video casting...
aren't we all :)
The same DJ that's performed with Lil Wayne early on in the BET Awards is performing next with Drake and Tonight @ Playhouse...DJ KHALED!!
Thanks Brett! Will send later this week.
you only dip once?
oh my god becky look at her butt TUNCHEI!
RT : Oh, we all know a douchebag named Tyler.
Hey ! I haven't been able to sleep for 10 days, can you come back to work please? The 11 are my bed time stories.
Ya think Charlie Crist wishes he'd resisted the '5rill,baby,
Thanks to Everyone that came out to the 5 Spot last night!! Great show!!!
Money over everything money on my mind!!
Don't wait to be creative...create now!
Floyd Mayweather just be
New site launches tomorrow! Can't wait!! :)
Haha! It's OK, I brought a sleeping bag. Keep it classy in Edison tmrrow, don't do anything I wouldn't do. YEA
Close game #Clippers need to step up
Reminded tonight how my dad impacted my life in such a great way! Hope to touch just a portion of the lives he did!
Pinky toe is not, as far as I can tell, broken but it sure hurts like hell.
its snowing here
Great! Did you enjoy yourself?
I just undertook a big mining project myself last night to build up the list of those I'm following so I'm glad it helped!
I just texted you
Toured the lovely studios today in Pasadena.Thanks Nick Roman & Patt Morrison!
#Fitness 30min interval training weekly can spike your metabolism and improve your health
Bout to take sum pics wit and get in da pool
Great i lost my phone! And my friend is suppose to find out how much 1D tickets are for there next tour! :'(
It's an unspoken/written L.A. traffic law that 2 cars get a "turning into traffic hallpass" when a light turns red. Not 5. Really?
wassup baby girl? Am I still "allowed" 2 call u that lol since u know u grown now!! Im soo proud of u for being a good momma
Today was amazing.... So glad it's the weekend. Thanks to everyone who said I did good in the talent show. :D
i think i'm losin' it, i think i'm losin' it...
Started the night by getting cold decked. Stuck it out and left $600 winner.
Weights and then relaxing outside. Best February 29 in at least 4 years.
thank god for good directions
This game almost gave me a heart attack!!!! GO REBS RT Moser, No. 14 UNLV get past No. 13 San Diego St fb.me/12I1c8v7Y
Helping his own cause. // RT Mark Buehrle gets into the act. RBI single to right makes it 6-0
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'd write a terrible song about it a la Barenaked Ladies
sitting at home
This nigga must be out his rabbit ass mind
1 DAY TO GO for FREE TANS! On March 12th ANYONE can TAN in a UV Booth FREE and MEMBERS get a FREE UPGRADE that day! MYSTIC TANS $10 each!
loved the interview re: #occupywallstreet ; a democratic awakening indeed owl.li/6JOgl
Thanks so much for following!
“: Tony Parker scoring at will”I told you he would
These good people are attending this year! Are you? , , , ,
okay okay! I'll talk to my mom when I get home!! Because I really want to come! <U+E056>
MTV World Stage Taylor Swift<U+2665>
$40 "handling charge" for a snowboard bag? Are you serious United???
will there be feed of the presentation?
OUCH! I just layed my hand down on my very hot curling iron! Pain.
Facebook. We know it’s the devil. But if you’re already in hell, why not join us!
Do you really care? It's Don Draper!
Urethra Franklin
"The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own." -Benjamin Disraeli -
Don't forget this Sunday is Campus Work Day from 1-3pm. Feel free to dress casually for church. Bring gloves, tools etc.
your guilt - for punishing? yea - that's tough
KeyKEY Was Here #Follow Me At BossyAssKELO
58% of Americans take between 2 months to a year to fall in love. 90% of Lithuanians take just one month!
I'm so happy to see him again
How about Comfort Station?
lol the hell? I've never even spoke to him and I reply to a tweet I saw of his once and he blocks me? Not cool!
Honestly I can't wait till Justin's like 24, he's gonna be doing some rated r thangs, and making us jizz our pants, lmfaoo.
But i'm so lazy
Love you! <3 RT : #musicmonday do it cause their boss as fuuuckk.
RT : Home Town? Clone Town? What choices will you make today? Support local independent business. Make an effort.
Hey, Essie polish lovers: The Winter Collection is in! Woohoo!
Hey and , is it safe to drink a #DietDoubleDew before bed?
I'm tired of people calling me crazy!..im not freaking crazy!!
my parents threw all mine away and accused me of smoking pot-.-
story of my life
Omg I just saw that yesterday lol so funny!
Maybe I need a better disguise?
Work as though you dont need the money. Dance as though no one is watching you. Love as though no one is watching you.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend. I'm sure you have lots of fun things planned!
#FF : thanks so much. Hope to tweet with u later ;D
Working hard to bring you all more Book Blog goodness for tomorrow.
me and my coworkers having trouble seeing your live webcast today...
Just left the book signing for & .. Was a pleasure ladies can't wait for the new book!!
Every time I see the word believer I wan to say
thanks for the follow!
Me and you together nothing is better... #SetFireToTheRain #ADELE :D
this seems like the plot of a movie...like The Proposal. Except ur not my boss... And I pretty much just wanna go to Disney
Stealing 's photo to boost your own web site's traffic, ?
Males are so weird
HA! what are they saying? ": Watching Clippers Live... And these analysts are making up all types of excuses for the Clippers."
Hill is accused of chocking a family member back on Feb. 29. If convicted, he faces up to 10 years in prison.
Definitely a gift. I am still so proud of him!
My institution is always right
What a great night last night! Thanks to all who came to the shows INCLUDING THE PENTHOUSE RADIO!
Has it been that long?! Hahaha! Thanks! Hope your week goes well :)
Follow for me please she follows back
That was probably the dumbest twitter argument I've ever seen.
“ God weed, white wine.”
Oy! Love Penelope Cruz's dress! The color is divine.
Adding LVS to our list of clients. Will send company info to Talent in the monthly NL. Need you to handle requests.
What's your favorite Easter candy? Debra Gil and I are partial to the Cadbury Creme Eggs. M!
Stephen Colbert kills it: #superPAC love for , book launch w late Maurice #Sendak, #drugwar is the New Jim Crow.
they probably don't care either that's thing! Everyone was an annoying freshmen at one point or another. It's a rite of passage.
its him if its him
I know buddy. We ended up taking baby water last year as the supermarket in Reno didn't have normal water left !!
Well this is interesting...
I just paid my first real bill. Ah I'm not ready to grow up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Really need this skin to get crispy. Come on piggy, piggy, piggy!
i doubt youll see this but if u do can u please follow me back <3
the sorry ass vow lol.. i'm telling you any movie but romance is a go! Only some are good, SOME.
I totally paid 6 dollars to watch #neversaynever on demand and it was AMAZE!!
I agree
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control~Proverb
okay good. Cause people would be upset but whatever lol.
HAPPY EASTER <U+E306>
Aussie accent comes in handy for voice-over session at Cityvox NYC today.
Try to stay more focus on what you want to have plan starting from thinking about the next day and continue to keep that mindset
RT : everyone follow and peep out they are networking with me it's fair you check them out
I'm Good
Hahaha I'll change it. I don't want Mrs. Brownback on our case. She scares me sometimes O.o
you will get a car one of these days ;)
I miss - Are you back in town yet??
there you Go w. That nasty ahh song (:
I think the use of Twitter *during class* is generally different than its use *outside* of class. Different goals, often.
Corey, its the paper checks I have to take to the bank that I hate. I spent 45 mins downtown depositing 1 check. Grr..no lunch for me
finally the weather in tejas is getting a bit more festive!
i just followed for u...
Can't wait until tomorrow I'm going out.
The day I have been dreading is here. Fuck this day!
Still feeling sick y god y?!? I don't understand
lmao...what's the purpose of working out if you eat junk food?
what is up..lol
You can buy bonus features from my tits
Cool followed me ill have to thank her at school tomarrow!(-:
Unfortunately, this can happen to those who are Warnerless. : you're not having enough fun. this needs to be remedied.
U CUDDLE AT NIGHT ITS A FRESH WEEK DO SUM N NEW LIKE GET MONEY DAT NEVER GET OLD
Aye where yo BOSS @ fam... i don't deal w/ workers...
Cake cake cake cake cake leads to ass ass ass ass ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS!
free as in the sun, moon, stars, air....? No, sorry
I think that's part of my motivation to make art - write songs, take pictures, keep a journal. To memorialize the moment.
I want to go to a country music awards show so bad!
Hey gang! Check out buddy Phil Savell's band The Fall Risk at 5pm EST on gdradio.net...then head to jedluckless.tv for #Phish Bowl at 8pm!
What's Instagram? Just curious.
Did you hear Colfax Elementary School yesterday? They were our featured Glee Club for the first day of our Gleeful Week in May.
But that's tweets, not people.
Why is there a harp?
Tried to add something to a shopping cart 3 times and the site "deleted" it from the cart. I guess they don't want my business.
what about m_alice_hale?
Ravenous. FIDI best watch out. And recommendations? I'm a creature of habit and could use some new grub!
Chapter 6 is part of the exam, as is 7, 8, and 9 and associated readings. Listen to Kate :-)
OMG! I just saw the world most "Douche-Bag-iest person i've EVER seen in my effin LIFE!! OMG!! I'm passing stories down about this guy!
Well so much for that, 'Down for maintenance until 4pm on May 11th' notice for my plan on the #mlanet12 online planner?
I think I'm the only person who doesn't have an instagram. >.<
One reading of ULY merely made me curious about what I missed.~Don
Hey people!!
I Want Chips ;
yea u betta draft better
i'm not afraid of anybody, i'll say whatever i want.
forget you meany D:
aww. We would have lived to have been a part. Hope it went well. Thank you RP! :)
imitating people with ugly voices is the best loll
Well I certainly picked a royal day to be born! “: Birthday gin. #ginoclock #queensbirthday”
I hear you were deeply offended by my tickling of the ivories. All apologies.
Just launched a twitter page for one of our clients, check it out ZBESTBBQ
I won't lie ... all day I thought the was talking about making Robot Pandas.
It's gotta be Weaver, Greenberg, or Foster....right?
Good Morning! Hope you are all keeping safe. What is going on with this crazy weather in the US this year??
yah cuz best believe if they dont understand u they're not gonna appreciate u, then sht just goes downnhill.
Refer a staffing company or PEO and earn $50.00 for each with our affiliate program
There always seem to be these monumental studies and books that are referenced frequently and I always have to dig them up
Today is going to be a nice day in the A....
also Ryan Braun is huge and is one of the best hitter in the game
LOL ah , I love how you make a twitter post by The Strokes into a full-fledged news article.
Great workout today with squad. Had 3 players with impressive stats in our #LivingByNumbers program drills.
I just called you and confronted you. You didn't complain then! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
free food!! The coffee is half off haha. You should totally stop by and get some coffee soon!!
you were nice to me in French today so......
i think it's like yahtzee?
O.o RT": The only reason i'll wear my abaya is because i'll go out with my pj *<U+263A>*"
Why vampires shouldn't keep diaries: you're still around when your grandnephew finds it and turns it into a TV show
RT : Who's ready for #MNF? Get those #bartab drinks flowing and stop by your nearest venue! Man I love football and a good drink!
Dallas bound today! Peace out
yeah I just got that bored one day
RT : Mitt Romney is in a pretty good mood for someone in a dead heat with an insane dude in a sweater vest.
get a ticket and i'll make Loren take you!
to serial comma or to not serial comma? that is the question.
Now , that it's getting hot in Chicago . Imma Fuck On The Beach lol .. idk North Ave OR Oak ! lol
Great Hyundai acceptance speech commercial. Well done.
These ol bonz gathr no dust I came 2 the party an I had 2 bust Got tha party flavors n the rollin supply Kickd in the door an kickin it live
thanks for the support!
Anyone having trouble with #Twitter interactions/mentions? I'm getting email alerts but nothing on Twitter.
better than a poke in the eye
Check the records! Unbreakable Entertainment has been had the A on locked since yall was shitting in yalls diapers!!
Hyyy My Followers:)
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year full of progress & prosperity for all of the USA's neighborhoods.
Call me maybe just got played at
i cant wait for Taylor's 2nd performance coming up!!!
on campus this morning (bc I'm taking Maymester) - sad to not have coffee with my
Anti-people mechanisms! Snapped in Paris. To deter the homeless - and skateboarders too, obviously... www.survivalgroup.org/anti-site.html
Bad news, the guy in the seat next to me on the plane wants to chat. Good news, I have no problem telling him to go fuck himself.
We will be providing weekly updates with new pictures, events & show information for this fall schedule...
Dear boys, if you don't look like Calvin Klein Models, don't expect us to look like Victorias Secret Angels.
Could really use a beer awkward that i have class in a few, so it must wait. Coffee until.
So the only question is where to put it ... Oh, and afterwards call me. Often!
#WhyDoiAlways find myself playing with my balls randomly, when I'm watching tv? Lbvs
Congrats! I have 3 of my own. My wife wanted to give me another for Christmas, but couldn't wait. Nice to have u in Vegas too.
The first YouTube video was uploaded 7 years ago today!
You are crazy...ROFL...RT #wheneverimbored I sit back and watch albino midget porn then beat it like it owe me money"
Yeah, you'd think Lovett would have better taste but cute young things have a way of blocking reason.
So much work to do... it is making my head spin. I need food... dinner?
“If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.”
Today's fruits & Veggies cane from #Catch 21 Restaurant in Northridge, California. They have 2 cups of greens & any veggies you want on top!
Crackle nail polish? How about wisconsin swiss cheese nail polish?
is a freak in the sheets.
Laguna Beach raises concerns on SONGS nuclear future.OCRegister Between radioactive waste storage, fault line &debated evacuati plan,
we're just here a few days, leaving Friday morning :-(
I don't want friends really...nothing personal. Just my personal decision.
Sitting here in the tutoring room trying to earn hours...
why she crying?
Today's BTU inspiration: "You cannot find peace until you find all the pieces." ~Troy Dunn
Didn't know u de facebooked me as friends lol. I didn't know ppl still do that esp if they have no reason lol. Take care!!
Can I just say... I just died. Asdfghjkl;
Ew. Old people and parents annoy me. You don't even understanddddddddduhh
yeah we do are y'all goin in the big gym or the practice one
lmfaoo thats Funny because Just a few fucking days ago he was asking for a chance hunny ;) soo stfu!
we will definitely posted on our website
well duh!!!
RT Our fantasy football draft this year is going to be full of "I'll take (insert player) ... wait, who does he play for again?"
Thanks. Somewhere in suburban Detroit. Tomorrow at 12.
FB hopes to own all digital photo production and sharing. That's the play. That'd be huge.
Seva? Call me.
Have a good night
she's dopegirl!she can smoke a pound in a single bound!
Every celebrity who appears in one of those new ads is permanently on my list. As are the marketing execs who conceived them.
please follow me
Yeah, no joke, that poor guy is like technologically impaired, or something.
A monkey with a banana
lol or were u just being a whore.. Umm
Are you guys having any specials on Saturday to celebrate #MKEDAY?? Let us know!
"Store-bought chicken wings ranked" -Yahoo.com
Have a good weekend!
CRAP! I need more followers so I can follow more people that's following me...confused? Me too. So follow me! Please. LOL!!
I'd like to say I'm interested but am too self conscious about my writing. I'd be the worst.
#Commvault signs my paychecks (thanks for that!), but my opinions on Twitter and other social media are entirely my own.
ah!!!! Wow that's what's up girl!!!!!! Tell him I said what's up! Do your thang girl
$10 a day for a day pass but head to www.anytimefitness.com and get a one week free pass to try it out!
Whos staying up all night on fb?!!
What is happening? There no humidity, it's overcast and like 74 degrees... In GA... In July... @ 4 p.m!
A merely fallen enemy may rise again, but the reconciled one is truly vanquished.
Hvnt been on My privat 4 a while and srry bout less tweeting on my Verified aswell. Been real busy lately.
i'm starting to doze off
I LOVE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE
: - ) Have a great holiday!!
Never had an appletini. Plenty of IPAs in grad school. the 7 profs i'm out with right now are all on craft cocktails
Wondering why I haven't tweeted for so long.
yeah if you call them ask them if they are selling VIP and UVIP next saturday
they like 9 from NY.. Full on
“: your questions crack me up sometimes...lol.” glad u enjoy them :-)
Today marks the 6th anniver. of my sister's murder by her husband. Join my FB group Stop Domestic Violence - Lisa's Page to raise awareness.
Lets get another WIN tonight Cardinals!! Budweiser vs. Miller Lite....
Only 244 days until Christmas!
those are to die for cute!
And instead of helping her make the bed he got mad and left to go down stairs
hello. your a poser. #woof to you.:P
NO chance "The Artist" isn't the winner of Best Original Score.
It's a bit slow for the first 8-9 episodes but then it really starts to pick up! Stick with it!
my professor wife has an intern: me. Besides, i don't trust anyone else with the grill.
Marris's in Morgantown is indubitably a Bodega. Incredibly old goods.
#fried.com lmao another crazy ass night 4 Da books
DYK? Esther Rolle Actress, (Florida Evans from Good Times) was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
If you say the word 'vibe' and ANYTHING ending in the suffix '-ista' in the same sentence, I will vomit on your expensive shoes.
How much do I love the song "Milk" - ask my Iphone repeat button, he'll tell ya.
I would assume the good and reschedule.
The guy I like, always likes someone else!
Which iPad case do you have? Would you recommend it? I'm shopping for one for our new company iPad!
So, never texted me. o.o
Today's Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are carrot ginger soup and potato leek soup. Sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
I don't have access to Win8. Maybe one of the devs will reply on GS who have access to Win8. Sorry I couldn't help :(
not annoying at all. Gotta vote for Tony Luca all the way!!! U need to go 2 for 2!!!
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 24
anyone else tearing up over
so it's been 24 hrs. I win. End of convo. :)
NBA Coach Donnie Nelson got his degree in Physical Education today...WOW! Who knew all you needed was a hs diploma to coach in the NBA.
This week will be a busy week for #InGenious Clothing Co. #Boom <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
I hate pork but my dad continues to make it for dinner..
What would you like to hear on future PatCast's? What would you like to see on our blog? Looking for feedback and ready to make new changes.
Brian Beaulieu, Ecotrends, talking about actionable economics and what today's economy means to CEOs in CLT
Two new client meetings this week! Ted is the New Business Development employee of the month!
love your tweets! love your facebook more!!!!
do you have blank intern eval forms? Liz said u scanned them for her a while back? =]
Amazing grace how sweet the sound. I come and lay my burdens down.
"Without vision the people perish." Proverbs 29:18 What's your vision????
Setting some new goals – just achieved another one!
zip em up!
#Avengers Reaction 1: Took the potential of Whedon+concept and ran with it. Was all I dig about both with few of the failings I'd feared.
Thank you! You too!
what's the review on Thrones?
Yea, how about us at ! Choose us! :)
Ya foundation need a touch up ya boyfriend a fuck up.
That's the ballgame. Media sources report owners inform players of lockout.
Amazing job ! Yr gift is what the world nds 2c & wear. Yr <U+2605> is just shinning.
Go ahead and follow me if you're not a porn troll. I'm ready to mark all 40 of these spam accounts
I was imagining strawberry! :'( QT : I don't think there are any special flavor of Twinkie.
Congratulations, Darren. Its the singles hardest, greatest, most rewarding, adventure of your life. Enjoy every second of it.
Parklawn Assembly of God is hosting a college fair & concert on March 14, 2009. Call 414-442-7411 or e-mail w/questions.
He's a HS teacher so he didn't get a TDR ...
Billy Currington loves his dog... and so do we. Grab a branded version of his new song on #productionvault now.
Enjoy beautiful views of DT SD&experience a sophisticated atmosphere frm the rooftop of @ DRINKS & 2 ADDMISSIONS4only$19!
#LMFAO!....I'm sorry for the vulgar language, I'm only living for the moment. Why not just express yourself with random outburst! #Rockstar!
Hump day over
Show Me A Sign
Anyone have thoughts on zines & censorship? I've viewed them as a free forum... beginning to see that not everyone does.
RT : This year the parade celebrates its 46th birthday with the Shamrock club. What are some of your favorite parade...
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us here at the Beauty Store! Save us some turkey! :)
Happy Valentine's day to my single followers
hahah, i'm from the US (: where in Canada are you from?
lol! That would mean you also Hug Tackled the Stitch d00d! I wouldve loved to see that. :P
Westhill could beat Lakers tonight RT : How do Ward and the RHS Tigers stack up against this Lakers team?
turn you on some pitbull dawg
i will fuck your ass hole
Big shout out to my big bro Wayne Brady who KILLED The View this morn. If you have kids pick up his new CD "Radio Wayne" out today.
I thought about it:)
(Woodrow Wilson) I not only use the brains I have, but all I can borrow.
Aw that's so cute :'D
That's a relief! Thanks! No way I will vote for Romney! #RonPaul only!
signed declarations of guilt by players makes an appeal pointless, doesn't it?
shouldn't be drinking anyway. You are way under age.
Have a great night ya'll.
feel better! Praying for you!
Tonight try Fygar Nachos! W/ cheese, grilled onions, habanero sauce, jalapeños, pepperoncinis, salsa & sour cream! (Or try it on a dog!)
Great way to end 2011 with a W! RT : WBB earns first road win of the season, 69-60 MU moves to 9-5.
Contributor copies of Get Fit for the Pit #1 have been sent!
Hell yea!!! i have him as my screen on my phone!!!
that Stay Scheming *Nice*
it's ok - every flight we take flies over top
If you keep reminding me of my past, I will put you there.
When I first met you, little did I know how much you would mean to me.
Aww, thank you!
The only purpose a middle name serves is to let you know you've fucked up
Really rooting for the #Canucks to choke in the playoffs again; those rioting fans don't deserve to hoist a Stanley Cup.
Hahaha! Whats the point of watching movies if you aren't going to be super judgmental and snobbish about it?
It's Friday! (for me at least) And Jimmy Buffett tonight!! I love it when the Parrotheads take over.
It's not just tech alums sending thoughts and prayers. #HoosforHokies too.
It almost T-Shirt time!
Lee Co. now responsible for abandoned water plant
Just high fived im going to catch his sickness o_0
Going to the summer music festival Plaza? Stop by for a sweet treat!
RT : TORNADO PARTY!!! in honor of the biggest letdown since "Teen Wolf Too" ...
On the 950; 1st hour:Junkie w/ longshot Buddy Roemer 2nd: r gas price hikes ALL bad plus folkenflick on the NPR Gotcha video
smh nigga like a week ago you was talking about but now since he hitting you bac you dick ridin you fake as hell
Opera Colorado's Czech opera, Rusalka opens in Denver on Saturday Night! FREE ticket with signup: emiliemanagement.mylightyear.com
Naw not at all
": Sleeping naked is the best feeling!" Can i join u? Lol
Alright, it's official. Great Basin Food Co-op will change the face of Reno for the better. Super excited for their new location.
It's cause of the weather getting warmer and the flowers! :)
AMD Selects HP for Cloud Data Center
Why does is cost so much to ship to S. Africa????!!!!!
Congrats to and team for placing third in the Carolina Challenge!!
Worst. Monday. Ever. I loved that place.
RT : It's hard raising Yorkies out in these streets.
#CAPS will come out on fire this period...I hope..
Seeing social network with the ladies! Im sure Ill be updating my status afterward!
you're all chi bound?!? Wtf
The friggin last ten minutes always goes by fast! Boo!
Back to the grinder a writer always writes and I'm still in the copy editing phase have to get Been There Done That press ready for printing
I say it on the daily. RT RT : I use "Your" and "You're" correctly. #ShitNobodyInMiamiSays”
“: i want my profession to be "free" .”
Steve Schmidt is the only interesting person on MSNBCs anchor panel with Ed, Lawrence ODonnell, Maddow and Rev Al.
just when ur done reading each page go down to the bottom and hit next and it should take u to the next chapter.
I hate Duke and I believe that they are incredibly talented with every position covered...they have all the pieces. I just question thei ...
SCR will be Performing Live On Wednesday @ "Clairiton High School" at 12pm ! and Then We'll Be at "Capa High School" @ 7pm Be There! !!
What do people in China call their good plates?
Spurs playoff tickets for games A and B go on sale Saturday.
If I can drive down Brownsburg's crowded 267, I think I can drive with four screaming children.
well good he gone what a goof. People can be mean some times
I get so upset and emotional when I see these chicks on Basketball Wives always pickin on the pretiest and tiniest girl who cannot fight.
Just give me ONE night.To show u what type of guy I am.& I want u to keep ur clothes on cause it might get cold outside looking @ the stars.
Trying to figure out how nicki minaj's Roman Reloaded is the #1 hiphop album...
Livingston just picked up a desk. while i was sitting in it.
Enjoyed the Philly dining scene with friends
RT Pshh I'm scared of your mom, she don't play!! // she's crazy !
Did you see Danny Brown open (for Das Racist)? I'm trying to picture the whole scene in general, in Iowa.
I'm sick.
Can #VCU pull off another upset? They lead #IU by 6 with less than 4 mins to go.
I kinda figure that was the case, was hoping to purchase tickets yesterday.. but tomorrow then.
You can be the difference you want to see...
Congratulations to and the rest of the NYU Graduating Class of 2012!
New lower cash tolls! Be sure to check out our new toll schedule:WWW.sbxthe125.com.
fffffuck! my iPod is dead... so I guess I have to use my phone today. >.< I need my music!
Happy Birthday and Happy New Year Keep rockin in 2012!!
blog was about bloggers pushing newspapers out of biz. i commented that craigslist and monsterboard are doing that.
We need a day just for reading. Not working. Not doing chores. Just reading.
I LOVE YOU<3
Accolade #wines is bolstering its presence in China with the purchase of a majority stake in Shanghai-based CWC Wine Trading Company.
Just got done watching perform on Fucking awesome!
so true
is on........ SEE YOU LATER TWEETERS AND FACEBOOKERS!!
Without the 4th Amendment, that is just what we would have. Long Live the Fourth Amendment!
"Ambient shoegaze rock." My kind of music.
ok... twhirl it is
The best advice for any relationship : #ff : No one can change a person , but a person could be the reason someone changes.
Gotta love horse people lol
Whos Going To The Night Parade In San Antonio Tomarrow Night!? ihope Does (: iLL Finally Meet Him
and grad students in room are eager to consider alternative models, put finger on what exactly is new/different here. (2/2)
Passed my segment one test with 21 wrong
Nice! next time I'll be there rain or "Shiner" RT Here's the other pizza from tonight featuring smoked sausage.
Lol, I have it on repeat... how are you doing?
"Pretty much if the hut doesnt burn down its been a good day"
I need to move to Sweden
RT : sharing on line I would be concerned about the lack of confidentiality and the info being accessible to anyone.
RT I think it's a remix for Gin @ Juice with Dr. Dre, Jay Z and Lil' Wayne.
you think looks like Zombie Jobs?
RETWEET if you like CHINESE FOOD!
Y are u so angry mommy
I just saw Eli Manning pushing a baby stroller with his wife.
The flipside of my last tweets is that exposure on important issues shines necessary light, even in this polluted media landscape
& it's a crazy bday, no?
MBA Econ final in 30 min. Way too much info. Here goes nothin'
So I just started reading #hungergames and am really into it.
If you'd like to reach a market worth $8,000,000,000,000 that includes 20% of the global population + another 40%, please contact me. :)
I only drink on three days; Saturdays; Sundays and Weekdays
wondering if any Scottish Rite Fellows are on Twitter yet?
Wanted 2 do a Shout Out 2 Hope Parr frm Phoenix. Ur a GR8 photographer & we truly value ur business. Wish u lived closer! www.hopeparr.com
So many Jeckyll/Hyde teams in the NFL. I'm thankful the Colts make it decisive.
countdown to and #Oklahoma = 10/11 days!
look man I understand I mean I was only ever sassy to yoy
T.G.I.F. ready for this weekend:)
if you follow back it's easier to retweet...
At the next table: Three guys in uniforms that read, "Two Men and a Truck." One of them must be nicknamed "Truck."
If you believe Sharia law should apply in the US, then you should reconsider whether this country is for you.
the Red Sox are in bad shape. Lots of bad contracts. Not that type of thing matters in Boston but still.
: I've got auto-follow on now. Thanks for the feedback, Weiner :)
NIH News -- NIH LAUNCHES COLLABORATIVE PROGRAM WITH ...
pondering challenges for PLs to digitize - real or attitidunal?...
RT : Even in your darkest moment, you usually can find something to laugh about if you try hard enough. ~ Red Skelton
Gah, you gloater! Hey - will we see you at SXSW? Paul and I will be weathering the weirdness, squeezing limes, playing, etc.
ATTN Administrators: Successful outsourcing is NOT hands-off...it requires staff and time for review.
if you hate being short move to Japan...You said you were 'Big' over there.
I wanna skipp class but im almost there !!! lol
If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times: OXFORD COMMAS ALWAYS 'N' FOREVER.
I'm addicted to Cristofori's Dream by David Lanz. It's so beautiful.
Just almost told someone here at work that I was going to cut their insides out and eat them.
planning some new features for the site...finished programmin synching with twitter...next up full gallery option feature for members....
Ten years ago: President Bush signed a $190 billion farm bill guaranteeing higher subsidies to growers in Midwestern and Southern states.
Just make sure it is you that bought it!
duke is losing, duke is losing, yaaaaaaaaaaaay. go lehigh!
aligns his body's symmetry/mechanically as an antique clock/ticking in the absence of batteries
“: Have a boy to swing on it with me.”
Boredom Kills-____-
I swear "Bitches" now adays be lieng ! Annoyed ! :O
New Formula for movie picks: They bring it up on Doug Loves Movies & no one makes fun of it = Go see it.
Yes we are! Inspirations all around the Beltway!
that's rude
I plan on getting 1000 tweets today LOL
This Nigga Sugar Shane Bouta Go Down!
Spring break needs to come already blah
Weird, I cant seem to get to Facebook. Hummff!
American Badass night! $2 Drafts & $3 Jack shots. Tomorrow night we're having another Red Solo Cup party! $20 Bottomless drafts
don't we all get a second chance
Sometimes winning is everything
Funny stuff
your legs!
Yes. Thanks to a big night from Felton. Might want to write this date down.
Uhoh. RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tyler Perry Studios on fire.
I can’t explain this feeling, I think about it everyday, And even though we’ve moved on, It gets so hard to walk away.
Merle won't be happy that you outed him. His parents had to flee to Cali Grapes of Wrath-style. We still claim him.
haha still sounds like better company than these books surrounding me!
Hope is waking up inside Every day You open up my eyes To see the promises You've made. ~Already Won
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
on the phone now with Dell Tech support for THREE HOURS!!!!! Thanks Windows OS for ruining the day. ...Mac OS support?? Huh? what's that?
Dreamt about it, woke up, did it..
And I just turned the heaters on <3 those bitches will never leave.
FUCK U U BITCH!! FUCK U & THE PUSSY & DICK THAT CREATED U! EAT SHIT, DRANK PISS & DIE U HOE! QUIT SENDIN SPAM SHIT!
I was really hoping Quickie would throw down just then.
bang bang
Spending some quality time with my Xbox tonight :-)
what's good? 10ish?
next plan of action...attend an awards show
I'm seeing Digital Debauchery with Anthony Bourdain at SXSW 2012.
Bolognese! RT : You have one pound of ground beef and 30 minutes so you make? GO!
magic playing like garbage
#Excited for #WestAllisaLaCarte in 6 days! Let's hope for great weather. Stop on down everyone for one of our famous meatball sandwiches!
Sad to think of all the heartache to come RT : Photo of Radomski celebrating on the field in '86 when the Mets won the W.Series.
Thanks for the follow All the best.
Awesome pic- thanks for sharing. An inspiration to all female marathoners.
Just turned in the bound copy of my Master's portfolio papers..here's to three years of studying,research,& writing! #UTDallas #Godisgood :)
lmbo no boo boo...u lame as hell for auqafina water lol
Not the night for #wakefield200. When?
I have a 400 dollar water bill this month. Leaky toilet. Sigh.
I had to get out of that Atlanta heat for a few days. Currently 64, expected high of 73. Headed to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles for breakfast.
So true!
I just want you to know that you deserve the best, you're beautiful
LOL. so true.
It is awesome watching people 'get' analog data and how to use it digitally.
Don't but songs on my iPad, but I had to buy new single ((:
how u figure dat
Hey Troy Hey! =P Just bought you guys come more gifts! How about you?!
I think I may miss the way i used to play around with #oomf. Surprised.
My coughing is cute as hell.
has cancer. Please keep him in your prayers
:O Im Comfortably confused
Nap time all around. It's been that kind of weekend.
i give up on trying to get to follow me its never going to happen ;(
indeed indeed
Everyone picks one song they love by and they call it #art lets admit it, all his songs are aboslutely amazing! <3
is the weirdest kid ever. I swear. :) haha i love you
Very impressive portfolio nice work!
really? What kind of tint? On which images?
The Avengers was #AMAZING #AWESOME #FANTASTIC and #STELLAR! Cannot wait for the next installment...a MUST SEE!!!
Fantastic sermon brother. Your falsetto is ringing in my ears.
Only me.....Only I would meet a porn star. SMDH
walking to 7 different churches.
Wondering what goes on in Nola on a Tuesday night?
#teamconan I totally balled! Awesome ending, doin what he <3s Rockinout! No1 is as funny, down2earth & just straight up as awesome as Conan!
it smells like some jizzed in a fritos bag then threw it at the xmas tree.
But then also asks, how does an emphasis on most-used items impact feature awareness? #hcil brownbag
Im loving life
I already do...but I'd love you forever!! Lol :)
I dont think i had a chance 2 watch a whole steeler game this season
Thought I had this crazy day under control, but now I'm ready to blow a gasket.
I just hit my head on the bus window.
A lot to get done n glad I have the right people with me to accomplish it.
Girls Day
I'm on the phone yelling mad and my nephew D J come in and say don't let it get to Auntie cuz if you do they win LOL I love this lil boy!
Go Blue, let the Brady Hole Era be a new Michigan tradition
So glad you liked it!!
I just want Will here laying beside me.
White guys are slower then black players CAN NOT BELIEVE THEY SAID THAT NFL CHANNEL
Every few days i lose something very crucial. Today its my garage door opener.
. We'll announce all of our winners at 5 o'clock!
Can you stop being perfect.
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on his way to Golden Valley to promote green jobs
thanks for
Why are #pugs always trending on #Instagram?
I kept imagining Norbert Butz in the role. Seemed like it was right in his wheelhouse.
there are a lot of up and coming rappers mentioning KattWillFerrell trying to get exposure
Er, why am I walking around my house singing Easter Parade? I guess I skipped clean over Mardi Gras this year.
every awesome guy.
#infocampseattle the perils of design by committee...
I seriously love old cartoons I could watch them and u wont hear me say two words only hear me laughing
I honestly dislike you with a fucking passion.
Well, at least I picked Ohio...
we found it too and #loveit!!
i am not BA lol
im bored...
Thank you & for allowing me to speak with your group today about the #foreclosure crisis.
#ATL. Sometimes I rep my hood. Lol.
so glad it spoke to you like it spoke to us! let's try to get some sleep this weekend, eh?
This is all stream on conciousness coming out...I am not bragging...
besides now that rose back you know we finna beast
completely depressed that I'm traveling and missed it. Praying it's still in my DVR when I get home.
the fuck did we just watch?
what you doing .? (:
Japan's government vowed Tuesday to overhaul nuclear safety standards once its radiation-leaking reactor complex is under control...TNC News
Pittsburghin it up
Ah C-A-T-S cats cats cats
I'm an accounting major so I always thought about the effects of loan debt..but I never thought interest rates would climb
For some reason it feels so kewl tlking to u lmao
Erika I want to give you one last kiss one last hug and to tell you I love you <3
- is your "business" political or about business?
something random turned into something awesome
about fucking time
#work flow I Hate My Job! -_____________-
unfortunately I'm traveling, but you can always hit up who runs a lot of our disk for a blether.
Ill ride with him and tell you if its good or not!
Just jogged for an hour at the gym, and now I'm gonna go get a donut. 'Cus I'm punk rock like that.
Hmm...might have just had an interesting idea for a Capstone. Now I just have to somehow figure out how feasible it is.
Is there a breakfast run scheduled in the morning? No problem if not or not invited :-)
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
RT RT : One day, hopefully soon, we'll figure it out. "injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere".
lol! I would do the same. What reason is there to have kids other than to torture them?
imma go put blank sticky notes everyone and every thing around me now :p
when are you going to do America's Next Top Male Model!
Scored Torrance tests, studied mixed 2-factor within-subject designs, & made progress on self-determination theory paper.
Anybody give me a list of #dubstep artists or songs please?
can you believe it!!1 they took it off my plan but i just got it fix!! i was so mad!! #ATT phones ugh!
Only one team in the NBA has been better than 7-3 in their last 10 gms (Bulls, 8-2). No team has been worse than 3-7.
I never thought it was such a bad little tree. Its not bad at all, really. Maybe it just needs a little love.
Good morning my beautiful people
You've piqued my curiosity.
I'm trying to figure out right now how to access my settings on this mobile version so I can change the PW
McNulty is extra hipster looking today; pink, blue, purple checkered shirt with a black skinny tie, black rimmed glasses and facial hair.
what does think about 3 years Obama? close to
yes I've seen ur posts Ms lady lol
Two weeks until
Have you tried Bamboozle yet? Purchase a packet of it and we'll give you a free upgrade!!
I need more homosexuals in my life (although Sal has single handedly filled my quota)!
Everything I thought was real..... wasn't .....
Don't be fooled.If u r not talking w/someone w/a Cali,UK,or Canadian Phone# u r not in contact w/Simon Thunder or anyone who represents him!
yeah, it's too bad he didn't have a post game presser to go off about jackson's 1st team snub
happy to hear you enjoyed the brunch!
That's just ridiculous.
See, I kinda liked that one. Larry Fessenden makes *good* crap.
When I read the example of public space computers being left on the logout page I was sold.
absolutely the correct move. We're giving you the Golden Piece of Paper for outstanding performance in support of soccer
Please get over yourself.
You win, you win.
Then there were 12...
good morning milwaukee, thanks for being like 35 degrees today...
Why are the #Brewers all wearing number 42?
My rims sitting tall til'i dim the knee steps
I guess it'll have to do until next January...
I need a couch.
im tweeting
I am loving the waves at #BryonBay #Australia! Pictures and blog posts to come!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
What a cliffhanger!!
“: We are so happy to announce another amazing member to the LocalUp Team, UI/UX Designer - ” <- Congrats all!
life is so good!!!
it's the only option
So do I, just disagree with the outcome.
about to get my crossfit on; If I don't survive, remember I had mild affection for some of you
I guess the ones I run into
Thinking I'd love to do some random collabos for a Kindle Singles ebook series or sumn. Looking to mix things up
I'm ready to fail my math test today, woo.
I just saw the commerical for my episode of toddlers and tiaras!
Seacrest, I'm unsure if you could fool me any more with who's staying & who's going! I'm gonna lose it if you get me w/ an "after the break"
2 shots each? I may be glad I can't watch. One goal may end this thing.
I feel like I be opening up to people way too fast.
i WiSH COMiC ViEW WAS STiLL ON BET...
Ran two miles today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Where Kentucky were you? I grew up at the intersection of Bugger Branch and Onion Blade, in a little place called Pippa Passes.
Please, God. Please? RT Joss Whedon baby. JOSS WHEDON! Maybe NOW we can have the next installment of Serenity?
where is that at ? & I live in Chicago.
i miss you my (S)ELENA(T)ORS <3
shut up lol
Just woke up nd see Red Sux out of the playoffs THE DAY COULD NOT HAVE STARTED BETTER.
One of the best I've attended in a long time. You'll have to keep me in the loop on future communications ones!
can i have a shoutout please?! love you! :*
Yeah, um, me too? I'm good. At something, I'm sure.
Anxiously awaiting delivery of yet another cheapo netbook. C'mon, UPS!
Thanks for the follow Cooks Hangout (CooksHangout)! :)
Tired-tweeting from the airport on the way to the second tropical vacation of my life. Good at being excited, bad at being relaxed.
Please view our post. :0) - Copier tip of the day!
haha, i am with you! it gets funnier with every look
Better luck next time Thunders .
When is your API going to be available? The link on your website isn't clickable yet...
Ok, I know #mlanet12 isn't even here yet, but some of the program themes for #mlanet13 look great. :)
The third day I woke up with a nose bleed....weird and its not even hot
BREAKING NEWS: Bomb techs are heading to a suspicious package at 2nd/Blaine in Newberg. The area is cordoned off until they can clear it.
Living Life Fast Aint No Stopping For Them Red Lights Money Coming In Young Niggas Get They Bread Right
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack FRIENDS! :D
Did Sasha Baron Cohen throw ashes on the live cameras?
Today @ 3pm on the Legends of Rock: There's Always somebody pulling a scam. Steely Dan sings about an 1896 scam gone wrong.
text me bro !!
I'm In - The Road to the Finish - ING NYC Marathon 2011
Just watch movies for the rest of the day. There's time for roughly five.
Tuesday we will announce the winner of the CREATIVE COVER CONTEST! Vote by "liking!"
Writing today with and
I like women, they a lil smarter than these dummies out here. I really feel this way because these clowns got a lot of false bravado
Hey there, is #talksm a weekly chat? What time does it start?
Maybe I can make ASTD2012 (where is it?) and go to that
HOP UP OUTTA GRAD SCHOOLL TURN MY SWAG ON
Dr. Rosie's Live Internet Talk Show, Tues. Feb. 7th 10-11AM PCT, www.Drrosie,com, click listen live button. Topic: Let's Talk About Sex.
cuz u dnt need one..too much hassle lol
I have that book but haven't read it yet.
Performing tonight with + at Pumped.
“: Please wish a Happy Birthday today.. ” thank u all for the HBD wishes!
Also, I <3 And ! And ! And , although in a very different way in that last case. ;)
You are in the driver's seat of your music career. Where are you taking your career?
“: School superintendents, follow a curated list of 401 other superintendents at /supts #suptchat”
looking cute xD
needs to make better, easier ways to make maps & contribute and compete with
thanks for making me miss you or else I'd have nothing to write about.
you make a very pretty girl :O
OMG!! CONGRATS ZENDAYA FOR GETTING 700K FOLLOWERS!!! WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU Zswaggers are a HUGE family and stick together!! <3
A4: It's a start, they need to get "younger" and more exciting with their marketing
any day now.
Program counters recidivism through training, education - Shreveport Times
lol I'm so late but yeah buddy! haha
What color should I paint my toes?
Tampa Bay has always played us tough. Doesn't matter who is playing. This is our worst performance since 2010
I agree it's early, but u have to score with less than two outs and a man on third & second.
who ever took over your twitter
The last time I met a gal w/a cat, I almost lost my balls for, during doggie...
The thought that you could be friends let alone best friends with your ex, who you claimed was the love of your life is completely foolish
being just of of them;
I hate when you get ready with your air conditioning on too high so you think it's colder outside that it really is
But Feb. 3rd is also the birthday of one of rock's greatest guitarists, Dave Davies of The Kinks. Happy birthday, Dave!
If your life was a novel, what would the title be?
Thanks for the listen and the mention! Glad your feeling this, stay tuned for more remixes and originals coming soon!
4 days in NY with enthusiastic and knowledge clients. Invigorating.
Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.-M Shelley
Come on in & SAVE 25% on almost everything in the bookstore. The selection is great. Stock up NOW for the holidays. Shop, Support, and SAVE!
Thanks for the talk and keep up the great work.
Damien Echols just mouthed "Are you okay?" to his wife. *tear
The most vital test of a man’s character is not how he behaves after success, but how he sustains defeat. -Raymond Moley
Tell us - what's your favorite way to spend your weekend?
Watching the movie "Airport" with Dean Martin. Times have changed. Over and again, I just keep saying, "you couldn't do THAT today."
excited to see you on conan tonight!
That's why I stayed home. RT They're burning cars in Lexington. Please don't kill anyone.
had to write something that's a little controversial, you know? (im talkin about my D-Rose piece btw)
Surprise me. Oh, and I can return the favour someday ;) x
Its on HIM to embrace this and learn from it!
Painting my room this weekend. #happy :D
Nicely done Naches Heights became the 12th AVA in Washington State on January 13th, 2012.
Just landed in San Francisco! #mh2012. Now to find lunch and do some exploring in Palo Alto.
hope Broncos doing well today!
all the snow is melting.cant wait4 sundays viking game
I hate you.
Q4: Through conversations with returning staff. Also helpful to get them to intro themselves via email
RT : Have learnt a new thing - Statisik = 'data that relates 2 the state, is whr wrd 'statistic' comes from.Cool beans!
No need to be sad! It'll still be here for you! Lol.
welcome to a world where dreams become nightmares
Currently we are working on our website but hope to have it up and operational soon!! Keep checking back for more updates!!
are you still mad at me?
I have a friend who does woodwork. I just gave him the plywood and he cut it for me! Couldn't find any premise that big! ;)
MY EYES!
buffalo is striking distance to Amherst. Coming home?
bowls on bowls on bowls @ Smcc
thanks.. they need to be washed.
I just wanna be with you :"> Every night, I pray that you could feel my love for you.. and that will be forever and.. ever. :)
enjoyed the reception this evening.. WTG on the improv
Check out Kelsey Goodman, our spokesperson and driver tonight. She just started her twitter account
"I'll trade you a hologram Tupac for your first edition holographic Charizard." --
"If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried."
jaxon is watching my type right exactly right oops nope not anymore now jasper is
Actually if you're there, I'm tempted to go fuck shit up and be weird.
i'm beginning to think it was unwise to stab myself in the finger with a power drill.
No one to talk to
Happy birthday!
louie louie louie louie ah
Yeah, its not the first time he's attempted suicide though..
sHOW UR SUPPORT AND CHECK IT OUT ! Let me get that view ! comment and like ! DNXFILMS .. ! High In the Sun . by R.A.Y feat. NICKBEAT$...
Hey Tim, thanks I got that - was just having a laugh :)
Gonna keep it sexy tonight
Whitney Houston is dead????
dm me digits
I want to see The Avengers again. Clearly not happening this weekend. All the showings are practically sold out.
So the wack insurance that my job had<---is causing major problems my daughter has a temp of 103.3 and the dr's won't see her cuz of them
“: all these car accident scenes with quinn make me remember last summer...”
Kevin is beyond incredible. Glad he's sharing his process for this!
THERE IS SOMETHING SPECIAL ABOUT TIM TEBOW!
Love's a sensation caused by temptation, boy puts his location into a girl's destination, get my explanation or do you want a demostration?
But I'll try.
Ok, I get it! The Hunger Games is a popular book to be reading right now. Stop throwing it in my face already!
Can you justify your own prejudice?
on I-270 says medevac JUST landed - crash CLOSES BOTH DIRECTIONS North of MD-80
hey twitter :D
your welcome!
Baseball game like usual with to see our boyfriends play.
thumbs up guys!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have a good one!
We were in #LaJolla,CA visiting a large remodel project that we are currently working on..what amazing views from this home of the ocean..
m m drink it in.........in a related topic im often told I smell like whiskey and strippers
ATTN: HR Professionals and Employers. We are hosting a veterans job fair. To recruit or learn more, email .
Looking forward to this weekend. There should be good poker games, lots of parties and some fun games to sweat. GO GIANTS!!!!!
Why are you going to come to school if all you do is fucking sleep ..
Party is at Late Bar right now... DJ Amos spinning hits you can listen to AND watch...$2 PBRs, $4 stolis! !
#milwaukee Have a product that you would like to suggest we stock for you? Shoot us an email to We are here to listen!
who is more at fault vienna or jake?
Good Morning
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH :(
great thanks for watching
Looks like you are having fun - enjoy!
Since 1980 the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that the number of overweight #kids in the US has more than tripled
mixtape go hard keep it moving i see u going some where!!
well at least you can hear the voice of God somehow....!!!
You're welcome! Great article. Hope you'll join us for UXCamp DC 2013.
I bet Adams mad right now ha
have any time to write before you go?
take a ride down to Albuquerque and hang out with me and Steve. You've got time.
The train this Saturday???
haha one of these days!
Unthawing some water.
@ chuck e cheese with melissa... Yep... Shes the only person I would ever do this with...
..still setting it up. and ill mk sure u get it.
Do you know a teen in the Los Angeles area looking for a small peer group? Check out www.nourishedfamilys.com
I knew the site must be HTML5 by virtue of its use of Museo!
COME SEE! LEARN MORE....
Kurupt - "IM BURNT" ft Problem Official Music Video EXCLUSIVE
Very exciting news for Hair in the City! I've moved to join Magnolia Day Spa in Manakin Sabot right off 288. www.hairinthecity.me
Is there a way to manage multiple accounts on the new Gmail iOS app? If not, I'll never use it.
that was friggin hilarious
lol. She asked how you was doing & all dat . .
At a church... Churches scare me
Trob is still one of the best players in college. Hasnt had less than 10 points in any game this year. avg 18/12 top 5 pick
Honestly, if you don't see Dear John Mayer at the Open Fist in hollywood, you'll never quite understand how facemelting is.
DEAR, Jorge ! ! RACK CITY BITCH ! ! RACK..RACK CITY BITCH TEN TEN TEN TWENTIES AND THEM FIFTIES BITCH ! ! SIGN:KHADIAJH (YMCMB)
Sounds like a plan.=) I hope we find an awesome leprechaun.
xbox baby
Updating the look and functionality of your database interface is great, but now I have to re-do all my online tutorials.
I would trade 4 of my toes for a nap right now.
Making friends with core #essence. Notice that spark in you & listen to her longings
WATCHING THE SHOW AND I MUST SAY I LOVE YOU GUYS I WISH I COULD MEET YOU AND KOURTNEY AND BABY MASON!!!
Nice Pacers first series win in 7 years way to close it out. Next up Heat who need to take care of business tomorrow night.
I like your style cinco de derby/derby de mayo is messing my game up
I copied/pasted loop.php into the blank README file, saved it, then went back to the cmd line.
": #ABoyfriendShouldAlways BEAT his girlfriend.......to the door to open it for her =)" Chris brown saw the first half only..
Heading to the studio to work on my show this Tuesday OCT 25th !! I want to see you!!
I have 4 kids, and they did not like the movie. I remember a lot of psychobabble blubbering that really didn't hold their attn.
I just noticed that lol!
Ugh so nervous Jamar and Juliet were both amazing last night beat performances of the night tough decision
Luke Scott looks like an even bigger douchebag than he is (if that's possible).
Gearing up for the open house!
RT : Seems criticizing hipsters is the hipster thing to do. How ironic.
Well got me to listen to the Serena Williams rap. That was...I mean...oh.
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still. ~ Lou Erickson
The sole purpose of marketing is to sell more to more people, more often and at higher prices. There is no other reason to do it.
ritee ! & I'm hungry too !
Happy Leap Day!
looks great, Chris!
FaceTime me when u get up
also, NF had to explain the parent trigger to Filner, who off-handedly said he'd support it. Gah
My eyeballs feel hot. What does that mean?????
I feel like I am being torn. On the one hand, senior colleagues say we should push students to achieve, learn academic skills... (1/2)
hey...r u a cardinal fan...just saw a tweet!
Thank you for the cute onesie!! My baby is due #OpeningDay, so the Brewers Foundation thought it appropriate! :)
ha! Loved his room - plaid wallpaper, posters
So fancy, that Greg. I can't understand his tech-free world. I have a rebel race on Sat. July 7 so i will do the same
it's pretty lame to broadcast about the invite only party that is filled to capacity...
I will now. thx!
Soft Laser Games: Company - A Trendy New Activity - Sporting events
waiting for the flight. off to film with the BBC in Alabama
yea we was, there
I love love love er
steven - great meeting you at #acrl2011. Good luck with everything!
The eclipse is at its best here!
Happy Chaka Khan!
ur voice is so god luv u
RT! We hope every1 had a great Thanksgiving! Don't forget we will be opening at 4PM 2morrow! We look forward to seeing everyone!
YES. Crocs + kilt + bagpipe!
Boy do I feel like shit right now
WVU Coaches To Visit Wheeling
lemme try in a second, I just got on reddit lol
Bionic hand is really great. I wonder if health insurance would cover it or consider it cosmetic in the US?
I hope you feel better!!!! <3
I don't think it's hatred exactly. It's just that the mantra for years has been go global. Local flies in the face of that
“: #FirstSemesterMemories Serenades, big brother night, Rush Week” and UK over UNC
Grub for life
hey people: thanks for following and favoriting
#FF << FOLLOW HER! She's the best big sister EVER! She loves hockey, concerts, working out, music & life! She's so sweet!!!!! <3
Chill Frozen Yogurt > Orange Leaf
Q4: grilled pork chops with basil garlic rub
Looking for a FREE app that allows FREE calls and/or texts between an iPod Touch and an Android phone. Skype? Other thoughts?
I bet all of the Mrs.Lawley's are wishing they were going to the beach with today. ;)
he's got no idea what's coming..
While walking, a car pulled over and asked me "Where's the best pizza in the city"? To which I responded to them by buying a gym membership.
figured u wouldnt
good way about u :)
omfg. Okay, thank you!
“: The Kardashian's are so talented!”
ages 14 to 22 High school and community college MANY OF THE SAME ISSUES
“: Graduation speech: I would like to thank Wikipedia, and copy/paste. - I'm out bitches” 's speech was better lol!
oh my god please do. you're a dream!
aye call back !!
Good morning Tweeps! Count ya blessing, hop out of bed and get to the money.... Or school, both are good
If I paid you for a service, do it. Period. Otherwise, don't do business. Period. Shit isn't rocket science.
hi, no dobrze ;) a co u pani?
my nigga AB he got killed today n he was n POLICE CUSTODY they tasered him 2x n den he died at da hospital
See y'all soon! Hoping wifi/3G & batteries all cooperate, etc. etc.
Public Historian #ncph2012 should be open access.
I'd let gelisa stay over if she asked
cool. would be great to have you see it live!
Off to the studio to kick some serious ass on this shoot. #PhotographerAtWork ...be jealous
Still thinking about how amazing it was to hear the head of DARMA today. A huge #Ted feat. We are in good hands with Regina Dugan.
the Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.
me too!!
i will try to find a small one RT : lol someone got one
Uh, you know that there is a high risk for cross-contamination, right?
"Wait for someone who kisses your forehead and tells how much he loves you and how lucky he is to have you around"
Use your smile to change this world. Don't let this world change your smile.
ya i have managed, also produce events, such fashion shows.. im actually in Seattle but looking at moving to LA to hopefully
I all ready got 73 followers an I just started
aw thanks, you're too kind lol but yeah it sucks all the good people I meet are always soo far away :/
I was a damn mess in her office this morning b/c I knew Mom would come up & of course convo about BRCA testing.
The last thing i want as a beliber is that there r rumors.
great photo!
Whoot! It's Faculty Follies!
Tweeting from Finding the Balance: Kids' rights, parental demands & librarians' role
the couch iz MINE.
LA today, SA tomorrow.
Understand that. I got on there as soon as i could but it was to late. So if you are still pissed at me Im Sorry ok. Just because i was not
I just played the Mass Effect 3 demo. It's pretty epic xD
Holy smokes, only one week until our first show of 2012! Who wants us to open up the show with a brand spankin new song?
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
Anyone know where to find the #Rockies non-roster invitee list?
Congratulations to ! He will help to guide the power of #swang across the world.
listener too. I'm a portugese american living in USA. Listening to the game here on the radio
“: mine is the 21st. Happy early Birthday”~ lovely! Thank you so much and you also...:) xo
Have fun running the today & Colin! (cc )
Looking forward to talking to and all the guys on radio at 9 p.m. tonight about the MMA Ban. Check it out.
Lunch bitch!!!!
you just won the Kentucky derby what are you getting? "I'm getting a hot tub"....or ...I'm getting a hot dog"
3-3 Goal by the beaked bandit
Got my copy of Borderlands back! Wheeee!
Heading across the wild west to albuquerque.
omg Rest In Peace Donna
Hey Guys! Tonight, 10:30pm at The Bitter End in NYC, The Sliders will rock your face. Are you ready?!
Good Morning All! One step closer to my goal :)
Music, music and more music!!! what is ur face genre?
So yummy and chocolatey and don't even get me started on the frosting!
We're really squished into MPR 1 but it's a lot nicer than the auditoria.
you can find great lakes there. Plenty Michigan choices (see Gillard, scottie). Obviously goose island
thanks friend!!
I've got a ticket to come into ATL on Thu Apr 5 at 3pm. When is your class? Maybe I can change the ticket to come in earlier.
Miami is such a flawed team. They don't deserve to win.
Guess who's whipping on good friday niggas!!!!
Congratulations to the Newsbrief Award winner Nadia Drake!
Wonderful presentation and video. Looked like a great turnout. Looking forward to helping you out next week.
Yo-Yo Ma will be at the Kennedy Center - Concert Hall on June 29th. Have you gotten your #tickets?
#spoileralert All the fat people get thin. Switch over to
Ha. Not at all.
New video being uploaded today on Youtube look out for it!
yes of cereal hahah na you know that MJ ;)
swimsuits out in stores already? #whoanow #julycomesafterjanuary?
we should trend #WeLoveDanielle :)
sorry holly I'm going to a bmx race darn I really wonted to make your day
but will has favorited my tweets so he reads them
Finding it interesting...a little too interesting...that the iPhone comes w/both google earth & a compass.
Iran Nuclear Weapons: Israel General Claims Ayatollah&#39;s Are &#39;Rational&#39; - Are They?
Niggas gonna hate what more can i say....
mist new arenas have practice facilities inside the arena, why didn't Kobe go in there to workout?
Happy mothers day to all good mother's ! tell your mom's I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY & thanks for raising wonderful boys ! ( :
Stereo love!
its not that person you were that matters, but the person you are working towards becoming.
We adore you ladyface!!
10 yr federal spending plans remind me of USSR's 5 yr plans, since no plan passed by this Congress is binding on future Congresses.
definitely agree. They all should get the help they deserve.
I hope we can fix our relationship....Check out the eat cheap week specials!
We will soon be introducing some new design from a CRAZY new artist. Keep on the look out.
omg i just saw this huge azz bird what the hell was that?!?!
try and find the playoff 12s anywhere and let me know
got basketball practice 2 day
bringing out a tribe tonight all your friends shannon Burton green Tye Davi Davenport Radio tv Personality
and loving kobe right now ...
Not gonna cut it Bulls. Where the F is Derrick. Why do I feel like they're not telling us everything there is to know?
its only like 100 or something lol Naty II you going to the movies Friday?
thanks n whatz good
I DID IT!! I DID IT!! I finished the darn bibliography! Phew what a #NIGHTMARE now I gotta get ready for school. Yay
funny how quickly Verizon changed their minds after FCC said they would investigate.
Which foods have you guys gotten that you liked? Their nachos were yummy.
Let any burden inspire me, motivate me. At Peace, realizing that that I am who I am from all of that which has taken place.
hey what's your schedule like today busy bee?
I'd watch that! Too bad we aren't on our couch at
Amazing job ! Loved the video. I Love You
You're most welcome!
Eddie Rabbit loves a rainy night, and so will you while your warm inside munching on your dinner from Typhoon with free delivery after...
i dont think he noticed me though
good luck! Been at it for 2 years and nothing
I took medication for my shoulder. This sucks. I feel weird.
dang thats whats up, when was this
loved our convo and really love your space. hope to continue our plans for world domination.
bahaha that's too funny :p
I wish the reunion was 2 hrs long
A simple message can lead to much.
thanks for the follow Dani
Gotta think that the right-wing overreaction to HCR passage plays badly with your everyday voter. The sun still rose today didn't it?
I will
and I maaaaayyy be putting up a song on the interwebs in a bit here...if we could figure out this software! Watch out for it!
START nation
Today is the 10th year anniversary of "we talkin' 'bout practice." Jesus, time flies.
Officially a senior
Enjoy a #lifestyle discount getaway $100 per night visit us
If you want a good game, fly your ass to Jacksonville.
Oomf is so difficult to talk to ughh
aww shucks *blush* -CV
Good Luck!
So much crazy news today. Kamara's name change, Dwyer leaving for England. Question everything, believe nothing!
At work with my sister
Was thinking that myself..with too": We'll have to retake the photo with you - Nice red tie!"
What i meant to say was TRAITOR ,quit taking twitter so friggin serious peeps!
whats been good wit you
Plz help! I need info in how to deal with defiant behavior in an #adhd 11yo child.
waking up to the sun #NoAlarm . best way to wake up<3
"I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.... People think pleasing God is all God
and band losers?
When you wake up at like7 and your kitchen floor is being taken up wtf
If any of my old friends are at or this week, maybe I should have stayed in touch with you
"Missouri fans chanting SEC, but should be thankful didn't play Kentucky 1-3 times this yr//Big12 18-game schedule tougher overall
TrancenDANCE is so cool. I am thrilled to have discovered them. I will not only be back, I will be getting involved.
true #SMASH love and dedication in Hawaii. "Don't Forget Me" is my text tone on my iPhone. Can't wait for next season!!!
calm down yellow book.
Uhm excuse me, I am on Honor role so I am not a slacker and I am not even at school so I can't do my work sorry!
thanks for the support!!
Check out My Heart Remains #MHR #RTHT were playing all nights somewhere!
I love my mommy and daddy...and I thank God for them!!
: somn I. Its this new phone guessing shit
RT : Tomorrow tune in to Channel 6 SD 9-10 and see me perform and talk about How We Get Fooled (The Show)
keep on working bro!!
Paleography tool intended to be expanded to analyze non-Western languages.
Wait a minute BOSTON???
I never see Kevin <U+E411>lol
Thanks! RT : The line at the beginning is so catchy!
John Edwards faces campaign finance charges - Washington Post
I hate college basketball right now.
Off from the day job now time for the studio good day
Pullin for my boy ! Beat these scrubs !!!
i dreamed that dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he died.
I feel like I made up for not shooting them at Doe Bay. Photos coming soon, hopefully :)
Leaning that way. When were they here?
Liam Payne! :)
Back into go mode, back into go-go!
Happy Easter and Passover to all who celebrate! I'd love for you guys to send me some questions, and I'll answer promptly! Anything!
Can't wait for the details,
Cold and sweaty. Not a cute combo.
It's tweet your favorite picture from Label 7 day!
the rest of the team have a great game tonight from all your fans and at bar dynamite! give em hell!
Just made an investment towards t-shirt time.
Sweeping the Pirates would be nice. Especially since it'd make the Tigers 1 over .500...
What you mean is, let's poor honey all over that bunny. ;)
I want you & nobody else...
NICE win in OT tonite!! PROUD day for Heat Fans!! Great Job BOSCH, WADE and JAMES......!
thank god you got away from those steelers , to bad you could not have stayed in ohio!
you should come visit America come to New York
Hey stylist, time to weigh in. RT : What’s the one product you cannot live without?!
t minus 40 minutes until the Weekly Howl! this week we're discussion post-show discussions. Join us 3-4pm EDT
Nothing better then some good old Southern food on this gloomy Ohio day makes me want to go back to Texas! :/
* Okay, so I think the correct spelling is Bigham. My bad to him, but it was a great play.
ePatients bring a wealth of info for a doctor, and docs use it... IF they pre-agreed to that helping hand (pt2)
Dad:'What's a cooder?' Me:'Where did you here that?' Dad:'A cooder is a vagina..' Me:'No dad..I think it's a butt..' Dad:'No Syd'
Love to have you #Guacstar RT : When you visit Chicago.. Check out RT : it was from...
let me know if you need a makeup artist...
These hoes are limited!
All the white girls with big butts!
Local car dealer opens shop doors for DIY repair - Norman Transcript
I MISS PEOPLE TODAY.
I would certainly order one offline if I found one...
thank you for posting that 'ideas' section on your blog - gave me some good ideas to concentrate on.
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off purchase + 10% off for life! Retweet to share with friends! :)
Despite a few weeks of mostly gloomy, rainy conditions, the U.S. Drought Monitor still classifies all of NJ as experiencing a mod. drought
Did you lose your Richard Brautigan book? It's in the women's room at OAK, third stall on the left.
Roll Tide Roll
Half way through #20thCenturyBoys. NyQuil is taking over. Why did I not watch this film years ago?
Call us today! We can help you get into your dream car! Sales: (888) 378-5237
NO SHUT UP OK. THAT'S NOT TRUE. I LOVE YOU OK.
Becoming number one is easier than remaining number one. -Bill Bradley
are u reading this?:)
": woulda came back 4 u , i jus need time ... to do wat i had to do"
I can top that. We don't have a car. My mom rides a broom. MOL!!!
Thanks for the follow! Wishin ya much success in your future and career
Lob city bitch, lob lob city bitch... This is MEMPHIS! We grind here!
torn between beautiful weather and convincing my husband to go see the premiere of miranda July's The Future"
nice photo. Can almost see me behind the stage at
yea i know it makes me angry!!
im tired of collecting dust. everything always looks the same.
Seeking a PR and Marketing intern! one day a week. please contact me for more info, benefits, duties, etc.
#Twitter tips for #corporate learning: Have learners identify and “follow” virtual mentors to learn from!
why is it so hard to understand you can not make contact w other players heads
perfect! Thank you :) and yes i can
When I listen to Justin Bieber, and look at pictures of 1D, I feel like its such a contradiction...
Looking forward to boozing and benefiting with you tomorrow night
I was just told by that the project was spearheaded by He has awesome pics on his feed.
I wish I had the organizational skills for something like that. :)
works perfectly! =D i'll text/PM you tomorrow with a good time!
RT "Polyhymnia" by Jonathan Little nominated to "Best Album RNA of the Year 2012". Congratulations!!
My brother had a baseball game this morning \m/
Sore from what
What to do today... Hmm.
I'm speaking at my #almamater graduate school today.
I'm not sure who this Raider QB is but I'm really liking this guy!
You're welcome! Happy #FF!!
Nordstrom racks on racks on racks.
My dad picked me up!!
that's awesome!
Did u know excessive tension on the hair can lead 2 to traction alopecia. It is among African-American women & children
@ laraalexandra what other sandwiches do they have?
Listen to the intelligent mind, listen to the stupid heart. Be stupid. (Demi Lovato)
Haha! Yeah, looks like it will be a bit longer for NFC to hit mainstream retail, but exciting opportunities for early adopters!
Read that last night. Nice work.
I need help getting out of my bed lmao
Ready to play "Wonderful Tonight" by Eric Clapton for 500 Songs for kids at Smiths Olde Bar
I'm seeing more and more how genius Lauren Hill was. True charisma and star power. And she wasn't half naked in videos.
#TIL twitter.com/scribe accepts the #HTTP #parameter 'noob_level'. Obviously, in my case noob_level = null. Who are the #noobs, ?
RT We did it. We raised $30,000 in 18 hours. God is big and wild.
Because of this trip, I can safely say, Google Maps on Android, is a TRUE GPS system. Voice and everything!
Field trip &VolleyBall game todaay
i won a bong from mellow mood yesterday... it already needs to be cleaned. : )
Our pleasure!
Had a fantastic fundraising committee meeting with my fellow board members of this AM. Looking forward to PEG 2012!!
What about using social media as part of the art experience itself. Is anyone doing that?
RT Free Fair Trade Coffee in library mall in just 1 hour! 11-3pm today!
Everyone Stop What Chu Doing In Follow
No, He;s gone its been over 9 months. I'm over it.
It's 37 degrees and snowing here in Canada
Little girl took her pet rabbit for a walk aw!!! :) Omg
haha... Wife and I just said the SAME thing...
Feels exceptionally large today. Oh, Alice... Why did you eat that cake?
I think my tie is too tight!
Amen! Thank you! re: : I just don't think anyone, especially women, should be told what they can or cannot do with their body.
I want to destroy these loud ass ghetto bitches on the bus. feels me.
"lol no one loves me" BITCH WTF. DO YOU WANT TO READ MY NOTEBOOK IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU I FUCKING SWEAR.
#sears doesn't get it. Rewards program requires you to receive 'stupid' non-custom emails, and lots of them. So 1997!
will be rockin Girl's Night Out tonight at from 7:30-11:30 pm!! Dress to impress ladies!
#NP - Rise of the Fenix - Tenacious D - "They'll them removed. They'll have to laser off the D Tatoos"
I HATE GOING TO WALMART
Pats running back Taylor to have ankle surgery
those are some cool projects you are working on. Living my dream :)
always wanted to name a place Trough. What do you think? There is a communal table, right?
For inquiries, daily specials and private party bookings, please call us 559-761-0669 and we will gladly make arrangements for you:)
Few more days until the weekend, can't wait!
Thank you for the follow
My official response to the Magic Mike trailer: jhhsddhsysgsjsyged
just block him
#songsiwillnevergettiredof - pretty wings by Maxwell
Cause.... You're Sexy And You Know It
#atxcouncil is back. first item up, AUstin Energy's tree trimming contracts
I hate being up all night only because there's never anyone to talk too
What topics are you hoping to see covered?
My choice::: the REFORMED bad boy. Tee hee. :)
Draw Something: TeddySolano ¦ Words With Friends: Teddy_Solano. Let's play!
Houston Hoops now 3-0 in Minneapolis with a win vs Jackson Tigers (67-44)
I got about 8 oreo's and a glass of cold milk. Good times
Who's trying to get turnt up tonight? Porn and chicken #Chicago #Feedthehomies before hand
Moving right along with my moving plans. Just booked with the freight company. Texas, here I come!
Thanks for this! It's such a pleasure to watch someone recite something they love. Plus Stevens is tops.
It's never too late to become the person you might have been
hey, what neighborhood are you thinking of moving to?
sure but the angel/slut analogy is a patriarchal paradigm that needs to be blown away. The current elections in the US and
I CAN'T SLEEP
idk yet ! I might(:
is hunkering down for pre-pro on What Would Bear Do?
Son is grinding up some for my morning brew.
No one ever pays me in gum
Live steam and chat at 2:30 today with Congressman Mike Coffman. We will post a link later this afternoon. Join us and ask a question.
My true blood guy is sexy eric of course!
these last few weeks are gonna be amazing (:
This is going to be the best summer I just have a great feeling about this! <3
“Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true”
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 43
Any catering suggestions in #SATX? Appetizers specifically.
My 2nd mailer I talked abt my Colonial Bill I stole from Senator LUCIO (he he he) & then gave to Shapleigh. I have NO colonias in my distrct
Monday May 24 the new Bachelorette!!! !!!
": People take my tweets too seriously -_-"
HAPPY OVER-THE-HILL.....LMAO!
OH SNAP
cuz I just found out the guy I like, likes the girl I don't like-_-
GO TO BED.LOL
is the best girlfriend ever! :)
Telefónica in talks to share German backhaul network Telefónica Germany confirmed that talks are underway with two other mobile o
lick my p***y and maah crack!
I could do work. Or I could listen to the Beastie Boys, drink Diet Coke and look at pictures of Idris Elba in Thor. Guess which I've chosen?
And most of her opinions actually made a lot of sense to me, usually. Very out spoken about it.
thank you =)
Dam I want my snake bites already!
I'm supposed to meet Anni for breakfast in 15 minutes. I'm still in bed. Lawls.
ur right u can but like I said ship jumper ur not a true magic fan or u wouldn't of jumped ship
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Dexter's Laboratory :-) :-) :-)
not me. relied heavily on it. Reviewing web-based art w/clients&collectors while on ph w/them. tether issues too
hello how are you doing?? Did u get my tweet the other nite??
First night back at hapkido and my killing powers are undiminished. My gut, however, is very minished.
You're going to kick ass! Best of luck!
Great briefing with Cynthia Clark, 1to1 Magazine, on LiveWebAssist deployment at The Four Seasons Hotel
Minnen: however, the research isn't there for us to know what the 'standard' gestures should be. The tech is just too new.
My favorite part of The Bachelorette was when everybody got cold sores. /via
RT : Denver's elevation was the deciding factor. I always wanted to know what being light-headed would feel like.
o u talkn bout like makin collages and stuff
Added a new event to the monthly LOVIEE since I just found out about it: Houston Museum District Day (Saturday 09-25).
Welcome to all those viewing by holyconnection.tv! Bask in his presence!
not funny god idk wat king of sick humor u have but ur not accomplishing anything i didnt know ppl were so heartless.. :/
#thingsthatgetmeupset bad breath,I mean really horrible bad breath
Social media policies should identify corporate culture and support the role of social media for strategic communications
this semester is kicking my butt! How do you teach AND hold forth on MSNBC?
Excited 2 emcee #alumni event 2nite!! Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS & College Alum, Pres Allen & Coach Jacobson
Anyone who thinks live tweeting in theatre is a good idea should have been at our preview the other night...
I heard a rap song today "take it to the head"? Come on guys really? Lol runnin outta words?
Come up here then! hahaha Maybe we can have a Skype baby shower? I am feeling good!! :) You?
These athletes running in the Baltimore marathon are incredible athletes. 26 miles in just over 2 hours and barely broke a sweat!
" If every educated person had knowledge we all would be successful. "
Satan loves me 2
Agreed, though I think Twitter makes me go why even more
Okay, where is my sandwich? oh and mom you ruin my life... D:
Take a break from this winter weather and snuggle up with a hot cup of Joe this afternoon.
I miss you guys - and the dogs.
#Gemini Mb guy of the day: Ray
lol well give it a few years, I'm sure they'll have an app for that haha
People who go to self checkout with 20 items <<
No coach in your area? I see that Accenthelp.com is 40% off today and tomorrow with discount code 'roadtrip.' (Good materials in a pinch.)
Thomas Keller's Perfect (Yes, Perfect) Poached Egg: BA Daily via
I'm ok...on my way to buy some clothes for work and do laundry. I'd rather lay down and watch tv all day. Crazy 6 day week I had.
Can't wait to teach a class where a statement like "America is a Christian country" isn't a truism and needs to be supported by evidence.
Sue Gordon at #WMNatSec: "Be who you are every single day and people will learn to count on you"
INDEED!!! ;-) Have an awesome Cali weekend, babes!!!
Accused Groper: Police Have the Wrong Guy Karl Vanderwoude, the 26-year-old Brooklyn man arrested earlier this month on forcible touching
You did amazing tonight on the "Macy's stars of dance" dance :)
Never been the bitter type.. Ill let u be miserable while I enjoy my glass of Riesling & live it up!
How great the pain of searing loss.
You can’t change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
Let's see if this Twitter integration works!
and the Countess stays, of all people?!? And Kelly's crazy and harmless...it seems like an unnecessary cut :-\
Getting a crash course "When In Georgia" from GCSA
Good luck! :)
Kudos to Elias, Jose and the Mekel MACH V for scanning more than 7M images/week (16mm microfilm ) on a single Crowley project.
I find testing software to be oddly soothing. Finding the bugs and bringing order to one small corner of the world.
it was actually one of the more dramatic moments of this trial.
That has be one of my favorite Bachelor moments ever, one point for true love!
Time for bed soon
lol michele obama is at the KCA's
Law Biding Citizen .... in the kingdom Of YAH!!!
I'm definitely sleeping in this front room right under the window
“: I had a great time teaching at tonight." / One of the innovative voices of
Day 2 of weaning off coffee. DR said coffee is like pouring gas on a fire for anxious people. Plan: more water!
Then there was avoiding the lava...
RT: If its going 2 rain, rain fuckin tired of wind and sprinkles. I got your sprinkles right here.
I'm telling you, the freshman class is morphing into one!
hahaha indeed you do. She has a pawtograph signing coming up in the month of June for a new book shes doing x)
I agree that wins!!! Good luck
Definitely the weirdest winter ever.
how to use a slide show with jQuery plugin and customize it in some way. Also manipulating gui with #jQuery plugin would be cool.
Tv night at home with my sweetheart & the poodles. My wit & knowledge may be limited for a while
About to watch some anime.
letting iTunes DJ create the playlist for my Monday work day...Sinead O'Connor "black boys on mopeds" first song...should be interesting!
#FF - great people to follow!
i dont even get a summer vacation that long. cheer starts back up SUPER soon.
Truckers Use Rigs To Prevent Suicide Police in Minneapolis recruited a group of passing truck drivers Monday to park on a highway in an a
I can get em for me hmu
not that I know of...did I hurt his feeling last night?
and Thank you for the #fridayfollow #followalibrarian love! ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
just seen your new single video and heard song from e-mail link, thank you, it's great...cheerd me up and has done alot
To skip French and do hood rat things with or to go to French...
D': ohmygawd I want my freakin twitter back. Why mother._.
MUHAHAHHA Nick jonas is single again *.*
Class all morning, work all afternoon, homework, #capsim, and networking in the evening at
but only by a nose. And that organization shall remain unnamed (since they do some good work, horrible fonts aside)
RT Cabrera and amarista will be #padres dp combo now as they look to the future. O-dog gets release papers, bartlett on dl 1st
Libya/NYC same mentality. Dung fucks.
So simple, yet so true RT : You cannot live a positive life with a negative mind.
I'm so bored!
When subs think they are in control
Thx. It was worth a try!
Ahistorical! I am leaving up a variorum of my comments! (Just kidding. Off to see what's up.)
I love this quote!
Bank of America planning more job cuts - WSJ
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>.... Nah I've had about 20 or so. I can feel them coming now. Soon as we hit the boat I seized. But they had a nurse for me. <U+263A>
Downstairs playing the Bass at ridiculas volume, slaping it up just a little bit.
amazing :) sweet dreams sweet friend :)
RT : wes anderson is a pretentious monster and the simple fact he has yet another tedious movie makes me want to stab a hipster
I just wanted to make that clear, because DAMN.
the #whodatnation is also up and you know we stand behind you!!! Ignore the haters til they fade away!
unfortunately grass has been outlawed in new houses here in Vegas:(
Follow #NSF2012 to stay informed over the next 4 days on 2012 Forum happenings!
Hi goodies
You're welcome, Jack! Thank you for the friendship. After all, best friends make the world go round. It's science.
when u ready
Damn. You find out who your friends are.
Thanks for the support, guys. Can't wait to see you both on the 28th!
I would take this offer myself! Kate's working with Maria Sera for an NSF/REU. I'll send her to say hi!
What are your #family’s Sunday traditions?
Im one, Florida bound!!
Have a great weekend!
Reminded me of Cam on Modern Family
Deleting half of my essay. Crap.
This has all the making of an entertaining #Pens game!
It's feel good Friday! What are you feeling good about dreamers?
Our grandchildren waiting for a terrible future: the grandmothers with the tattoos on their ass and grandfathers dancing tecktonik!
Tosa Fire responding to Car vs Tree. 2200 block of Wauwatosa
SUMMER CAMP
Hiya love! Hope you have a great day!
I need a vacation...
hehehehahaha ugh i miss him
i need some shout outs pleez!!
thanks, u're cute too baby :)
my #shop has been feeling so neglected lately... pay it a visit?
hey so I wanna know how many of you guys have a tumblr. Let me know I just made one and Im new to it lol
Yeah, Rachel is my chick. Leave it alone and I've been on since me, , watched it last summer.
Follow my blog at:
Thank you, I am folowing you.
I like that one, because Gary & I were able to find some common ground, even if we disagree on other stuff.
Sweet. RT : Full of win: analyzing Ira Glass's speech using Python. Linguistics + coding = awesome.
"Why do you eat peanuts in the shower?"- Marge "Can't start the day without that fresh from the circus feeling!"- Homer
I'm getting random text msgs from unknown numbers..
Lol i'm tired!
you have an amazing son, and i bet you're soo proud of him<3 I know all us Mahomies are. He's come so far(': it amazing<3
Sometimes I feel like I've lived several life times...
Thanks to whoever gave me this cold. I hope to return the favor someday...
#sometimesiwonder what if i never joined
At least i hve my sister to share excitment with me..Fuck everyone else
are you gonna continue supernatural or do you consider it done? X) haha
haha yes I did!! I missed him, but thank you :) miss you
Let's try to get #PutItDown to the main iTunes chart we can do it
you're not working there anymore?
Missed seeing you all at #12ntc and DM me some possible happy hr. date.
Really NYC? I hope you don't rain the entire time I'm there!
thanks for the rumpus piece. i just noticed it among my msgs.
I hate stereotypes
When Chuck Norris had surgery, the anesthesia was applied to the doctors.
Miracle on 34th street on NBC RIP Natalie Wood
Just updated my iPhone for AT&T. 5.01 and I got 4G baby
i have successfully destroyed yet another "indestructible" toy. go me!
Slow going but going well. Today, working out some problems in post-wikipedia anarchist epistemology via weird science metaphors.
I celebrated today (2-1-12) by playing Rush ... all day. Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose.
I'll be on a panel with Colleen Lye and Jennifer Ho at the American Literature Association's Circle of Asian American Studies panel! Scary?
trying to work are you gonna be around Norfolk?
I'm tired time for bed.
Cuervo Carter Street Team
This week in Washington: We play @ PromiseChurch in Woodland Wednesday, the in Camas on Friday, & Bills Place in Yakima Saturday!
Have you ever been to base 3.5? It's really gay, so I suspect your former boyfriends have taken you there.
You were born an original. Don't die a copy. ~John Mason
Performance @ Dade-County Youth Fair tonight!! See u there
jacks dog farm in plumstead is where I got mine. Google jacks dog farm it has good reviews or puppy barn in new jersey
my 56 year old social studies teacher stood on his head on friday...hahaha i kid you not!
FUUUUU I should be at that damn concert!!!!!
tehe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I'm glad they interest you so much!
Entertaining or not for Memorial Day but placed some wine orders online to Napa & Sonoma just in case.
works for me. Where and when?
god doesn't love you
I'm a little tired :p and that is cool(:
your a great singer! :)
Can u send me a kit too?
RT : Thanks for a great workshop today. We are excited to use the Yard to prepare Brooklyn students for STEM careers
what it is bruh?
The JLo commercial inspires me to vomit and never buy a Fiat!
I know it really IS THAT bad, but they didn't have to be all excited. He literally told me he's "excited" about this project. lol
yeah not to mention my date
“Boldness in business is the first, second, and third thing.”
Congrats on joining our team of freaks! Be sure and keep a close watch on us in the coming months. Many awesome things to come!
One of the best nights I have had in a long long time hanging with all night. I just love her
changed my icon :) It's now and (:
I spit out my drink cause I just saw the same sign comin in from the west
thanks for the #ff! :D
I'm gonna use my one time on my poker career as a whole.
It's getting cold outside! Be sure to stay warm and dry. Give to the RISD Annual Fund and feel warm inside and out :)
Not bad considering I am at work, you?
Avengers movies for the second time today w my bestie
U need to follow . I just discovered her and I want to throw a frying pan at myself for not paying closer attention. Now, obey.
If I die young, please don't dedicate a mile of 495 South in my memory. I WON'T appreciate it.
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide Mexico City, Guatemala, Chicago, Montgomery, Winnipeg, San Salvador,St. Paul,New Orleans,Minneapolis
damn. Sounds scary. Could be the cemetery. Or someone gettin stuck in the grate. Lol
Tuning in to 'Twitter Power Strategies' with at
Lol had to do it once I saw the poop emoji.
#RIPDirectionerPaula <3 I know must have loved you as much as you loved him! You'll always be part of the 1D family <3
free my fam
Life is good!
I scared my accountant so badly he broke down crying to my lawyer as I told him he was stealing from me.. I was right in that instant though
The Idaho Potato Bowl?
Totally thinking was gonna be awesome, but I like better! :(
I think Justin is crazy because he was wearing a closed jean jacket long jeans, and a freaking beanie at the beach today! AT THE BEACH!!!!!
why they always show our stuff in the middle of the night though? The 1st HOU game was replayed at midnight last week. WTH?!
Having a cold on a nice day<<<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Kudos New York!
Thanks boo for helping n I help those cray cray lesbos!
regarding the Grizz....
Contemporary art folks quite like the word "activate". "Activate" might be the new "the ask".
Calling all #singers! Choral Arts hosts auditions for 2011-2012 -- final season for Founder Norman Scribner. Email !
Stay Modern Pony Boy.
#librarian #trick a dryer sheet can alleviate the musty smell from old books...
Hahahahaha that's now me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
How so? RT : I take shit way too personally in business.
So much to do, so little time.
Next thing you know we are going to find out that Mitt played rough in organized sports in high school.
"But isn't it expensive to go abroad?"
Metaphoric of BB? MT : accidentally just dropped blackberry down elevator shaft. I take this as a sign that I need to buy an iPhone.
Y'all remember pogs?
Bigger sigh.
hey Loyd, did you switch over to Crossfit from 24 hour?
She can make her eyes REALLY big. And she's brave with hair colors. And...and....that's all I've got.
"If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger." -Frank Lloyd Wright
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you by my side:)<3
your very cute :)
Only Simon Cowell can get a freaking ICON that's still HUGE today to judge on his show!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Keep them <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B2> out your <U+2B55>
I am economically proud of myself that I bought two cheap bottles of wine instead of one semi-expensive one.
hey! sent you guys an email!
pR3dxclan doing some trikshots today!:D
Dats wrong and Dats my friend ..of course imma say something ..they just needa stop..>:(
Oh well thanks anyway where r u from?
"They chromed it and put lights on the bottom so it looks like a spaceship." Lmfaoo oh Justin.
The automotive section at #Walmart is not the appropriate place to check out with your 100 grocery items
Did you know? Rick James had a pet dog named Ganja.
"show me his real birth certificate" Hahaha
thank you! I love the contrast of the sweet and the hot!
u ain't right
love your dress
.kush rolled,glass fulli prefer the better things...dudes wit no money act like money isn't everythin....
Come down and check out tonight!! My homie will be DJing tonight!!
love them!
Me: "I'm going out drinking at Port Discovery." My wife: "Good. Good luck not getting beat up." Thanks?
hay guys have a great and wonderful march break!!!!
We have some exciting books on slate for publication. More specifics to come.
That was a really long day of relationship debates.
They're back! Round 2: Invasion of the moths.
“ im f.ckin sleepy man”
Girl: " I found the knife you lost the other day". Friend: "What knife'? Girl: " The one you left in my back"!
Thank you for the follow and continuing to inspire and lead!
Portal 2, you sly fox... gimmie back my day off!
I didn't know they still called travel in the NBA.
I heard alot of people didn't like the newer seasons. that's sad because the first weren't too bad
still absolutely in shock about Pujols
Poop. Is it really 9pm? I haven't done my workout yet. Here I go...
Just added Web of Knowledge to the products available to our internal users... looking forward to promoting it to all 9000 staff here.
We can quote you with a bunch of A+ rated companies at once to save you time and money. May we help?
Sam Cooke - A Change Is Gonna Come - 10:35 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Thank u 4 writing this. Don't understand- my daughter had 2 have an endoscopy 2 be diagnosed w/ CD we aren't making this up!
By it's very definition, Glee is about opening yourself up to joy.
"The most tragic thing ever written..." LOL :) That brightened my day considerably
Fun fact: SenRoJo, who voted to ban earmarks, also said he would stop the streetcar. But to do so would require earmarking the money.
I hear you brother. Acussed of the same thing. Yes I am Union.
we're not homie
great thanks and you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Obama chimed in: Broncos' chances at signing Peyton: If natural beauty has anything to do with it, then I’m sure Denver will do pretty well
Weneva he want he can hit it!!!
Night night! Don't worry, be happy! :D
Self Inflicted injury *
Got my mom something cute from Gaiam.com =) can't wait to see it when it gets in!
Have you done the monthly full discharge on it?
Haha, 2PM turned into naptime for me today too! Not sure if it helped...Z...
see you there. Can't wait.
oh well excuse me then
and think of all the money town halls will make on the sale of marriage licenses!
i know no one can understand the amount of pain you feel right now, but just know WE'RE HERE for you(: #CheerUpAustin <3
Making solid progress with the team. Super stoked.
RT : was supposed to fly home (SEA) with my family tomorrow, but I may need to stay here in (DTW) for a week?
No prob. One day it will change. Prob after I retire though.
The sound of the #Oscars is, well, quite metallic and bad! Somebody's getting fired.
To save the sheep u have to kill the wolf!!
When it popped, people were looking at us like: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> LMFAOOO and when you couldn't reach it. :')
we can check out the hot lifeguard;)
Doing some production with
Friday Night Open Courts! All Winter Long @ Ultimate Sports Center... Check www.capitalcitysports.com for info!
just misread "columnist" as "communist"
i Love Justin Bieber soo much i cant even explain it ! <3 (:
Pregame starts now. Get here
Blue Valentine is such an amazing movie. Its so real and reflects what happens in the real world. Finally a movie with a realistic ending.
can't wait for the sale tomorrow. Those crab cakes are AMAZING! :)
follow back please!
Thanks for the RTs!
Thanks I will take a message from you any time :). Miss YOU.
Sure they can. Employers will sniff around as much as they can.
at #suny farmingdale today and - looking for a link to the faculty development event - anyone?
Good bye old friend. Good bye. Good night.
Glad it's Friday night, had a wonderful dinner with my wife at Crazy Water, time for some sleep. :)
There's a 24-hour Greek restaurant near our station. Their gyros (and calzones for that matter) are gigantic.
AND... One of em slipped on syrup.
#fuckyouwashington for thinking we do see what you are really up to! You are so fired!
That ain't nothing new though
There should only ever be 4 things trending on twitter and that is bacon, beer, bitches and John Wayne the real American hero.
Happy Labor Day Weekend !!!
What were your favorite films of 2011?
"There's nothing wrong in making mistakes, what's wrong is letting a mistake stay as a mistake, without the effort of making it right."
Cheer Practice Was Booboo ! (: lOl . It Was Boring , I Thoughht It,Was Gonna Be Funn ,
Have you ever started over your Twitter account? As in, maybe taking it to a professional level? What's the advice on that?
I know, right? Not sure what the deal is...
fans, it's time to #RocktheRed !
Turning Nancy Kerrigan, into Fancy Kerrigan!
Probably from the crack.
Nice! I can't WAIT for this movie!!!
I'm convinced that every boy, in his heart, would rather steal second base than an automobile. ~Tom Clark
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 19
if you know what it is
In a good mood :) On my way soon to the church, going to help a bit, then work more on my sermon!
seriously the best thing ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
They don't do it because its easier to stay up all night playing a game than it is to stay up all night bettering yourself.
What is Ambient Awareness?
Thank you! We hope you enjoy our Tweets. We're sure we will enjoy yours! :)
TGIF tonight playhouse with the crew:-)
No sign of a tornado in east Dallas, but I hear the sirens and loud thunder.
The Centennial makes perfect blog writing music. Now if only I could stop starting blogs and start finishing them.
follow me back.
Funny video! "Volcano: The Series - Episode 1"! tinyurl.com/5ue65we NEW EPISODE COMING TOMORROW
If your titties saggy unfollow me now. I don't wanna see them shits!
Thanks Thomas! :) Glad you liked it!! Hope you are well!
I love being babied when I'm sick
MOS WANTED CREW WAS SO FUCKING SEXY AND AMAZING. THEY WERE LIKE AN ORGASM ON MY TV.
your lucky he follows you.! lol and in the picture you said you won't ask to follow anymore, do you think he'll follow me
Girls that wear black underwear and white pants <<<<<
That awkward moment when you walk through the metal detectors at the airport and your abs of steel set them off.
like to be in the gatorade commercial! When and where is it??
hahahaha love you too sugar plum booger butt
I wish I could go back in time to the first day I met you and walk right past you
best invention ever!!
See if your manufacturers or retailers or other business partners might be willing to link to your site
you're always a drunk bitch <3
Tonight is the biggest bar night of the year! Perfect reason to DL the #Bartab #app and save some money while getting your drink on tonight!
wowww i got 2 wks off...last wk was the last week...fall break...
Wow. Just followed me on twitter, out of the blue. Pretty cool, if you ask me! Cx
Big News coming from Full Circle Studios...Stay Tuned.
M the guys at Menards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Pot holes suck ass
ugh people make stuff so complicated , but ok lol
Walk in after my soccer game to see the Pats up 20-7 yay!....Sit down and boom! Ricky Williams 20-14.
Hi, Kristen. Thank you for the laugh on Facebook. :-)
I always like JH. Hope folks stop talking about his demons now.
I just updated, and love your calendar! RT But yours comes with a story
Many of us picked on ourselves unmercifully before #recovery. We may also have a tendency too pick on ourselves after we begin recovery.M.B
what would be your idea of a perfect tour? (TAP included of course!! :D)
I hear dat!
Last day working with :/ What an incredible ride it's been.
see you there!
Hahaha so true!!! <3 There's way to many things about Austin that I love.<3
Can't wait to be with my boyfriend tomorrow #LoveHim <U+2665>
I'm oh so serious!
Happy Birthday Brandi. Can't wait for the new season!!"
The real world is a joke.
“Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.” - Walter Cronkite
Saturday FEB. 18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of !!!
Omg omg omg!! Just booked a room at #TheFlamingo in #Vegas for a June vacay! I'm so pumped right now! It's almost official! #Yay!!! <U+E04A><U+E20C><U+E42D><U+E12F><U+E522><U+E51F><U+E111>
Just did my first 5k after knee surgery! 11 minuet mile, I'll take it.
Happy Mother's Day! <3
rondo has 20 triple doubles..and tonight at the game Reggie Miller complemented rondo on his shot
Going for another win tonight on the Wildcat.. Pick Atlanta -12.. It's easy...
Chargers land safety Brandon Taylor with 73rd pick
jail abuse commission has agreed to just get select and redacted personnel and investigative records instead
Registration for our Programs is Now.... Get Signed Up!!!! Parent Meeting Will Be Next Week.
Talking about the history of maniacal panic attacks in my Italian family - zenlive.tv
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
Everybody just feels like they can relate...
i feel like i was run over by a steamroller.
Wait, I didn't know Glenn Close made a movie about Renting it now.
thanks! dm me!
Late night subway tonight.
Thank ya:) RT : lol nice quotes!!
lol just can't leave that bitch word alone hun?
Sitting on the bus :/ and has a very sore throat and a busting headache Ughh :/
Follow Me? It was my birthday yesterday.(: & So far today, I have voted over 200 times. :D
Found my bubbles socks now I shower it up :D
That makes sense. Maybe also where they did it. People on the street seemed to have the toughest time.
RT : Sometimes I replay the mistakes i've made in life and they still make me cringe.
#FF the writer of Richard Griffin's amazing film THE DISCO EXORCIST
Kelly Colonna, Matoaka Town Manager, came received $3,000 grant Funds will go to repairs at Matoaka Towl Hall & street repairs
I gotta pe
I love to sing ...And I love the truth. So gospel writers combine the two. Read the word and rightly divide it, for the new songs.
FEDLINK business plan pillars: identified trends driving programs, benchmarking and smartgoaling, strategic sourcing.
Congratulations everyone! Why am I not surprised?
May as well pour some hot coffee on her so she can go for the double....
Drinkin wit #np his iPod on my player
Here's the big question: Who will replace ? And why can't Boston have a better Dining Section. Nothing can rival
Drive from Death Valley to home--from hot and dry through sleet at 5,000 feet to a peaceful rain at home. Love those microclimates!
sentences seem impossible sometimes
75 days left till my summer vacation (<U+02D8><U+0329><U+0283><U+01AA><U+02D8>)
ME TOO
> I keep tryG to tell and tht there is no need to Fear Th Superpac...voters are hip to th BS!
reminds us of what a good medium paper is. IMO it's not going away for this reason. It's the right choice for some things.
Must. Write. Paper..... Turkey. Coma. Setting. In. :-\
Kind of asked for this one, I guess. I'll definitely take it. RT Laden Brooper
#BmoreFail 4.0 students coming into college are risk averse
soy sauce?o.O
I know! She's such a good singer. She sounds even better in person!
Why has it taken three years to focus, like a laser, on jobs?
Thanks for the plug, Lisa!
mitsubishi tv parts wd-52525 mitsubishi galant 2000 code - mitsubishi tv parts
I'm going to hold myself to drinking more tea and buying less frivolous drinks.
devonthink is blowing my mind so far. Built-in concordance tool & advanced search & auto-classify is awesome
if he look dumb you look even dumber
a lot words are like that. big words made up of lil words with same meaning.
This period I enjoy the most; 7th.
When we allow ourselves to see the best in other people.. It allows us to find the best in ourselves!!...Seeing people how GOD sees people!
well it is a big deal nerve racking more then anything though
