I would love for you to come out this Tuesday and watch us perform live 1030pm
sure, we'll go and we hope to see you at booth 1024 with the best furnishing from Spain. Thanks!
Suggest you check out the #movie Hugo. Fucking awesome.
Science Update's producers just spent the last few days at AS' Annual Meeting in San Diego #AAAS10. Next week's podcast: science & society
I used to love watching Kim Possible as a kid. That was the JUNK!!
oh yummy! Not! Oh well! Nothing says baseball like nachos and hotdogs
Am I the only one who thinks looks like Dead Space Downfall?
skin as soft as feathers but heart as cold and hard as ice hahaha evil ain't got nothin on me :€
im white...I hate white ppl....they suck. Black ppl>white ppl
ONE LESS LONELY GIRL. :') Love that song.
Stripped & changed every clothing item in a public parking garage cus class starts in 5 mins. That was exhilarating. No I'm not a nudist.
You can do sexual things to him then
absolutely awesome! Hopefully all this good work wrapped up before the storm came in.
damn congrats primo!
its ok
now you know how it feels...
I just got my album that I pre-ordered on friday, I bet yours will be here this week!
New Think Tank Live! Event Feb 17 - Social Media for Business www.thinktanklive.com Use Think10 for $10 off
good luck :3
Have a great Labor Day everyone!
about to teach social networking class
If you wanna follow the best Directioner ever follow my girl <3
#ITAOTC Auction w/ donations from Edgar Arceneaux, , Alexandra Grant, Corazon Del Sol, Eugenia Butler & gallery w/ many more
Out of curiosity, what could she have said to appease you?
Winning, if Charlie Sheen can do it, anyone can.
<-----WhiteBoy Wasted Tonight
He has inferiority complex. Even if Knicks fail for 100 years they will be #1 here even if the Nets move next block from MSG
what up BugerPorn, what's new with you?
I'm really enjoying the Town of #Fishers Breakfast for Scouting. What a great organization!
Wish I had been aware of this #upabos2012 conference. Oh well, on the listserv now.
I can't wait to start over in Miami this fall, hopefully i get it all situated, and get to go
No sorry that one's Monday - 1st time I can really benefit from being done with school - class/work would've prevented me before
My tolerance for you now >>>
Hey plz follow me pretty plz :):)
Saturday will be the Mother of all #Carmel #tweetups opening day 10 AM at the amphitheater. BagChairsEncouraged.
Join us this Saturday for another tailgate party and some football. Go Owls!
congrats on the selection!
good thing your driving a car and dont need to swim
I need to sip my morning coffee a little less slowly. This 2:30p reheat is for the birds
you forgot to attribute quote to Ted Kazinsky
: Republicans are hyper sensitive abt the stereotype that their party is made up of a bunch of old white men.
yes I do dr. Phil haha Jk yeah I know what you mean.. Been there done that
nice.. deltona is plenty close :) I am jsut North of Daytona
Nobody's ever taken me to Funkytown. :(
eh i'm hurt.
bank robbery in kensington chase bank
you must be lightweight cause that's only two shots
i would like to be someone else. not all the time, just for a week or two. not for escapist reasons, for the experience.
Its sad most of these people have no clue who Gil Scott Heron is...
Let's do it!
Ringling Bros. &Barnum & Bailey wants 2 recognize children who selflessly dedicated their time 2 a community service project bit.ly/cHCuhO
Bout to get my Paris on
I know I'm just so unmotivated by it all which is why I've definitely been baking way more than I should haha. Muffins tomorrow!
Ron Roenicke received a contract extension?! WHY
Free shipping on all pressure washers is our newest offer for you! Go there and check it: www.pressurewashersarea.com
Just got back form Eclipsed at Woolly Mammoth. Also saw Phedre with Helen Mirren at Shakespeare. Sept is a good month for theatre!
Luv that store!! RT : Saw shopping at C. Wonder yesterday w/Bryn &NO nanny! So inspiring for fellow female entrepreneurs
Ethan Kaplan of at #NARM says, you can not trust data without considering its context.
Tomorrow, 3-5 in the GSA Lounge join us and LAGSA for a Latin American coffee afternoon! There will be some great coffee and treats
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? <U+2665> Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee? *.*
When are u coming back down to the Diamond Club at the park with ? See ur dad all the time while working down there.
help me decide too!
good luck Jake!!!
bd Mongolian Grill fundraiser! #Voluntweet by baking desserts for us. For more information email
Participate in our "American Songs We Think You Should Know" campaign. Tell us which songs today's teens deserve to KNOW.
Happy birthday!!!
Just learned from that it's National Peanut Butter Lovers Month. PB & stuffing celebrations in same month? Amazingnessdanger.
Smh I love last min plans lol I got a slick hangover but it'll blow over I love partying wit college ppl!!!
Heading to library to do a bit of work
Gotta thank for continuing to give a damn.
Everybody have a blessed day
Agree. Either would be a steal.
soo glad you're tweeting again!!! i missed U :) wish U the BEST in Charleston ! & always :)
It's Teacher Appreciation Day! Don't know what to get your favorite teacher? GO VOTE TODAY!
great seeing u Homie! “: Great seeing the homies & thanks to ”
a great website to find walking trails around maine - www.healthymainewalks.org - spring is here so get outside and shed the winter weight
Movie 1..Hangover 2 and now Friends with Benefits. What no movie with explosions or Zumbies?0
Surely you can't be serious?
OR: what is freaking going on?
I hate being lied to.
Psalm 40:1: "I waited patiently for the LORD; he turned to me and heard my cry."
Those who eat Culver's for #SB46 dinner! :) RT : Call it: The Super Bowl Champions will be __________.
you suck.
so i dropped my pizza and now i cant find it lol :)
LOVE the Mia Farrow retweet. I miss Sendak already. He was always defending ridiculous, beautiful, and (ha!) also hideous things
Yakupov to the Oilers?? Oh my lord I must be dreaming.
we share a love for reading! Now we get to share here on twitter. Thanks for following!
My mothers day dinner last year was better. Im sorry momma :(
How you doing today? ;)
So I see its alot of people mad the Bulls getting punked. Well they asses need to tuffing up
haven't been on Twitter in awhile -_-
only speak the truth cleary
AS GOD AND TWITTER ARE MY WITNESSES I WILL FINISH ALL MY GRADING TODAY
Black Bear in Hoboken. Fantastic wings
I have actually begun rooting for more runs to be scored on Correia. Something has to get through Hurdle's thick skull.
who's box smells weirder or Amber from Teen Mom?
yeah using phone...they are basically mint
I'm planting a vegetable garden. Who the F am I?
TOO CUTE!
RT Follow the #presconf hashtag for sneak-peeks at 2012 conference host Spokane, WA from &
If they fired every stupid manager it would be a purge of epic proportions.
that's because all the "excellent" teams. Aren't very...."Excellent"
California!! Northern California to be exact :-)
Spider hanging in my car..wtf
I sing an play violin(:
Ok cool cuz ur a funny guy!!!
": let's be honest, Sherlock is a little afraid that he might run into an otter. #SherlockPBS // cc:
Sixers!!!!! They did they thang tonight! A win is a win, no matter how ugly it is.
Some locations do... Which location are you looking at?
Lost city of Atlantis, let's find it!
hmm. A clock. Plant seeds. Maybe a holy book, like the bible.
Stop in at the North Liberty Branch on May 5th from 10-1 p.m. for our Booksale in collaboration with the North Liberty town garage sale.
Lmfao so d rong # txt me and im tlkn 2 ha d whole time, poor bby lmao let me stop
Got hubby's Father's Day present from the Might have gotten a couple of items for myself. Seems fair, right?
do you guys still supply Wisconsin Kwik Trips?
Boys can go suck a nut.
Trampolining and tweeting at the same day
money make the world go round.
on my way. In tan. Orange scarf.
creeping on UF ladies with like its no big deal
I can't stand it. I know you planned it
My girl is a mess but I love her tho
No close relation if any. There is a Urie family tree thing out there somewhere.
maybe it's bird flu?
Depositions in an attempted first degree with firearm case. CSI techs. Time to poke.
you working on anything? DM for story tip
Hi! I read your comment and replied over there (I don't know if my blog notifies people of replies or not *blush*). :)
I actually have to force my self to.cry
pygmy hippos are about 30 to 32 inches tall as adults and weigh 400 to 600 lbs. Not a lap pet, lol!
Home sweet home. Now what to eat. Just going to kick back and chill:o)
awesome show! :-) send the bird! Thanks for coming out to support dc
Please bring the Noisey College Tour to the west coast!! + X FREE = my dreams come true
our new site looks fantastic! Thank you all so much for your hard work.
Worst night of my life? #yesindeed #depressed<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I totally agree with you.
Please let me sleep!
I'll be testing out my new golf GPS App at the RMHI Pro-Am
"Bring It On: The Musical" is coming to Broadway this summer. Well, I know what I'll be going to with my girlfriend.
Thanks for following us Parker's story is inspiring!
You are just awesome! Thanks for the RT!
I think i'm finally coming down from the amazing Scissor Sisters/Gaga concert in Oakland. Time to come back to reality.
The quality of a university is measured more by the kind of student it turns out than the kind it takes in
Drinking while breastfeeding
do you like red bull more that 5-hour energy? #ASKAUSTIN :D
I just tried on my cap and gown for graduation & still don't believe it. #surreal :)
aww I'm sorry Casey...you know you mean the world to me
that's wassup how's work treating u so far
I do! This weekend?
So I tell you your faker than Barbie herself your response your white not black!! Umm ya I knew that?? Point?
Gem this week: Client asked if I "understood English"
Thinking about how our cohort is all going to age together simultaneously. We're stuck with each other, friends.
Business entails responsibility & building relationships. Teach young kids about responsibility the easier way - give them goldfish.
Nice! Look for nesting behavior. Feeding each other, carrying nesting material, etc.
And Mi Amigo Rick is also not to bright. Puerto Rico should choose English? Really?
Haldeman said Nixon taped his conversations as backup to protect himself “from the convenient lapses of memory of his associates."
Ha, that's extremely weird...
Hehe awwh thank you! :) & awh really? that's so cute and all ^^ I love you too xoxo
Goodnews RT : you should know that is back in for Friday coffee
Unfortunately, I also had to spend $1,400 to have plumbing work done on my house... so, no flash, for a while...
love ya JC but where's the clutch 3??
Got my vicks vapor rub and victoria beckham book. Now all I need is my bed!
I hope you had a lovely birthday Austin! I'm going to bed now so good night:') I love you<3
next summer: "Havelock Ellis and the Attack of the Mucus Babies"
Hi !! Looks like we gonna see you guys in July !! Yeeaahh Vegas !!
I am right where I need to be to get to where I'm going tomorrow. From The Language of Letting Go by Melody Beattie
Chris Brown: NICE Dismount!
Among many reasons, I practice yoga to achieve a balanced life and a better connection with myself. Why do you enjoy yoga?
threw on and heard my boys with their beatles project song... love it.
what are they still doing up mama?
LOL theres a pretty good one in St. Cloud RT Any good strip clubs in Minnesota ?
I can not freaking wait! Omg Only #40DAYS for #Believe could not be more excited my love. RT my love
Saving another family a couple million dollars in estate tax.
busted and disgusted!
Who think I'm goin down if I were shorts to school?
let alone seeing them on the cover of a magazine.
ur posts don't make sense
help!!!! He is to short to reach the twitter limit. Don't follow please.
you know how we do! lol
Breathing a sigh of relief!!
SWAG SWAG SWAG
Nobody talk to me today. Seriously, for your own sake, do not talk to me today.
you deserved it! you are truly loved lady Di! I hope this year is the best year of your life! <U+2665> =D
Attended #IAP2 Public Meet. Training in Salem, learned to use online games, parties, social media, vids + more to inform public.
Hate the thought of driving in snow and slush... Maybe take metro....:(
Love the new site!
Very possible and true.
"And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit." "And there's a base hit."
spiders eat bugs and generally leave us alone. They are our friends.
Come on over to cowtippers and unwind from all that cooking, cleaning and shopping with a $5 Pinnacle Martini or a $5 House Moorita.
its just that you're becoming a man.
audience member says there's no one here from the other side of the #CIVILITY chasm.
Risotto-Roni - Risotto made with Rice-a-Roni.
I hate when I tweet or put a status on facebook that is a lyric, or quote and that one person FREAKS out about it and thinks things. WTF!
hanging out with the Airsoft Barracks and GPI guys!
Participant at conference: Heidi J.S. Tworek from #Harvard University
Are the Cubs playing at Marlins park or the Miami immigration holding compound?
I was in Quebec then Ottawa. Part of the events in the Ottawa festival were the "ice sculpture" shows. Quite impressive.
My phone drier than grandma's p****!
Yes, this is the real Graham. Use this one from now on. And stop calling me LOL!
ill try to get to it. :)
ughghhhh.....so that's self explanatory.
Oh shit! We have a game!
I'm going 2 a few spots n qtr., Gentilly & Treme. Pass good for the st. car 2. So, yes if ur C N the city a bit.
In London? I'm speaking at Infosecurity Europe at 4p.
we hope you have a great day! :)
what city is that?
better yet they would call da Army & Navy ya heard me
Working in Hollywood today then taking some dance classes. Going to be a fun day!
Welcome back to KC my Friend Come over to the cauldron and say hi to we have really missed you this year!
hi was wondering if you were lookin for a makeup artist for your upcoming projects im also a hair stylist and do fx makeup
even tho is just outside the neighborhood~~~
My g/f is still bugging me for an autograph from you. We went to the PDX show awhile back and you weren't available. Pls help?
im not sure that i want to know why..
I'm watching Peter Benchley in a Hitchcock film and I am in Heaven.
Pizza from Rossi's
congrats young brother....good luck to you as you start your career
I'll freely admit I'm a Lakers hater.
happy with having spares thanks
Shaken and stirred. When Netflex didn't rally with the market last week there was only one direction this old high flyer could go.
Saw a blog post about it a while back. I have an ever expanding list of places I want to eat around the world :)
Dang i missed the lunch :( RT Hell, let's all just meet for lunch at noon.
I heart the puppy bowl! So adorable
"something special is going on in our nation's capital" ...
new page
awesome! I just recently became a fan since my favorite player got traded there, but I'd love a Putz bobblehead!
just checking are you able to get tweets in China?
PowerVoice LLC, developed by two brothers from the Detroit Area, markets Social Networking. Read more about PowerVoice in the Detroit...
paging . haven't heard from ya for about a week, how are ya sir?
RT : Some argue that going to grad school itself constitutes digging a grave (your own). :)
Thank you Yadier Molina! Huge Walk-off single to stop a four-game losing streak!
What the heck? Phillies and Braves tied at 13?
Little kids trying to learn how to play lacrosse is oddly amusing
RT : Fatigue After Early Breast Cancer Often Fades: Study: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) – Many people treated fr cancer ......
Trying to think of a National Library Week concept for the library that ties in our marketing
Fuzzy Dunlop
Happy Monday everyone! What was the best part of your Holiday weekend?
needless to say there was good radio on the way in today
mom is here tonight
you have everyone else's back... now we get yours :)
AS LONG AS IT ISN'T A LIAR LLAMA
Thanks for following me! I look forward to talking to you :)
It's awesome, and very generous. I just hope you find someone whose head isn't going to asplode all over the restaurant. ;)
Love how my blond moments just suddenly come and go, just that quick! Definitely a blond moment this morning!
I know it's crazy! Lol
you're welcome, grasshopper
You're on O's fan? RT : #orioles absolutely killing it so far. yay!
Awesome! Glad you had a chance to school that student. :) Our trip was so amazing.
So glad you enjoyed it!!
whatever bitch.
congrats Tone well deserved..brewcity legend
Looking forward to attending the PMI NorCal 2012 project management event tomorrow with five PMI chapters!
hm idk bout just smoking I'm trynna drink lol yea he'll be joining us soon he's recovering quick :)
you should post a picture of a monster food concoction, using what you've learned over the 15k posts :D
Daw! I'm your first tweet. I am home, yay!
Are you familiar with the NBA player?
Wow - I didn't know iPhones did that! I haven't had mine 5 weeks yet lol.
I haven't played an LAPD Ofc, but if the right SAG/AFTRA role comes along, I'm open to consideration. Thanks for the follow.
HAHAHAHA Z YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN HILARIOUS...
My roommate just asked me what makes a $100 bill so much more valuable than a $1. I responded, "nothing". He said, "That's a bit scary".
follow back
OMG i know how to waterfall braid
Wonderful weekend with Now starts the countdown to #springbreak :)
Needs some music for a female singer..where are you producers ...good ones..no rookies!
Rocksmith has been epic so far! I've slowly become a Black Keys fan.
He was devoted to QE1, but some historians consider him the first high-level advisor who also loved his country. Changed hist.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Respecting others' intellectual property is a huge deal, as well as policing your own. Have you filed trademarks?
Love the show Scandal!! Go ahead and get that emmy!!!!!!
I don't believe it's gonna happen, but I want him to too
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
Real big deal, good job! RT : Congrats to SD Convention Center and partners on the SDCTA award for keeping Comic-con in SD.
no arguments here... You HAVE the official list!..period!
Bradley dosent look to good.
Hear our powerful interview with , , celebrity business leader via podcast
Just showed #jonestohardytoweiters play on the Mitsu
RT Tonight is get in Free for Only 2 drinks! in
you know it man :) I'm so pumped man.
I definitely have a serious psychological phobia problem when it comes to receiving injections...
pimping us out and jumping the gun. I see your mo.
I'm not sure which one he's on but you are both porting out of New Orleans. If you are on the same one you should meet up!
We tried but the R's blocked it RT : The house should repeal your twitter name,you're no longer the damn speaker
Luke Walton just swished a three!
Fry on Rodin: watching her work was a seminar in inspired leadership.
Harry , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
How are you how about a follow back plese
Haha! You kill me! I guess I never thought about her whore ways
Happy mother's day to all the mommies :)
I don't see much "messy, dynamic competition" occurring. The same incumbents have dominated for decades.
I'm gonna miss seeing the starbucks-drinking-fashionista-girl everyday before school. She wears the best outfits
Tonight we have a fantastic happy hour. 2-4-1 drink specials til 9. Stay late and get your grind on at The Function.
I ate at Just burgers last night on 30th ave, nice service.
I'm barely on twitter, you can text me u know
i probably stood right next to ya and didn't know it.
Congrats, and stay safe out there!
actually, to really up the ante, I'd dress up as an iPhone and tell everyone I was "commodity fetishism."
I swear to god if she yells at me one more time, im fucking gone.
Superdome erupted after that Louisville 3!
I will stay with my girlfriend forever i love her so much......... Good Night!!!
Just walked out of the gallery and the immense full #moon nearly brought me to my knees. #Beautiful!
ASEE = American Society for Engineering Education. Fortenberry is their executive director.
you're welcome. I didn't even get any of it either.
did I say I liked Maher? huh. Visit a country where women are not given access to birth control. wld break your heart.
iam working on brand new music as we speak and want to re-release Kiss The Skye's "Low Budget Soundtrack" soo fashoo
At #ncsl border security panel. Consultant who works for TX govt says spillover 'violence' is debatable but 'effects' are real.
#SheWantThat Space Space Space Space Space!
I see. So what is the role of the Psych in the mediation?
People cite the Bible easily enough across multiple formats, languages and editions. Chapter and paragraph seems reasonable.
Does anyone have a Google Voice invite you could share with my library's gmail acct? drexellibrary
Females are so fake OMG you don't have to speak to me bitch keep it moving
We need Draftmania in 3D this year. Watch out for Leonard Poo.
RT If you start to sense a 'human' tone to a company, you start to like that company --> at
Our collective heads just exploded trying to translate. Wow.
wow yeah..pleasure playing with you as always, run it up tomorrow!
Happy Birthday !!!!
hey niall I'm sorry I'm probably annoying you but plz tweet happy birthday to my best friend It would(cont)
We hope everyone has a very happy #Thanksgiving!
...I don't like basketball. LOL. I'm a football person.
plenty of gas. Out of beer.
March homes sales in Wisconsin jumped 25% while the median price did something it hasn't done in more than a year - inched a smidgen higher.
5 hours total on hold and I finally have a new flight. See you on 9/2, Sweden
Who let these chics out of southeast?!
what Jim said. What version do you have?
i second that!! haha after what that freshman said today i dislike directionaters!!
we will :) Can't wait to see Justin Moore! AH! For FREE! can it get any better than that?!!!
We will be having an open mic time starting at 11:30am on Saturday outside Belmont! Have a talent? Share it with us!
NOTES, on my iphone, yeah i love that shit
Jon Lovitz is Live on KGW. What's your favorite character or movie? What do you want to know about him?
“A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will always stick around.”
Me 2! -> we read yr book in new media class & postman in broadcasting! We were pretty stoked! Loved the connection!
just forget football for a week and just go lifting and running at YMCA here, i have a membership! Thats perfect
it's clear to me that the lyrics evoke hallucinations - common effect from drugs k.
#BackInElementarySchool if you had the 64 pack of crayons with a sharpener you were the shit.
u r the bomb j cole cole world go hard
yep, in Austin, I'll be in Dallas this week though.
I'm mobile & I like to tweet!
No, it may be OOP? You get from Amazon?
what's this about a party?
my pleasure, I'll be back!
haha take me with you lol
im just love you
#WhitneyHouston's funeral is tomorrow with Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder and other great names performing.
“If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.” – William A. Ward
#Random: It's official. Next year I'm going general. I'm done.
Meeting with actor Edgar Caraballo here in NYC.
I LOVE YOU!
animals on the weekend Tim..
CAUSE>>>>> i want to
What IS that?
things have been crazy but I PROMISE blog review coming within the week!!!! Xo
a benefit of being 3 hours ahead of west coast time.
i LOVED it too! i was surprisingly impressed and left with a great big smile =)
just rub it in lol
"Again" by Flyleaf now. I love this song. :-)
I love, love, love me some Thank God for my Husband!
Just bought DVDs: The Ugly Truth, Final Destination, Juno, American History X, The Pursuit of Happiness and Leprechaun 1, 2, 3 and 4! :)
im gonna be so tired during work
Yoo i wanna get out of akool early lol i wanna go to the zoo
Regina King looks beautiful!
Black City Lights link you just tweeted seems not to work? Was curious to read it :)
My dog just farted in my room and OMG wtf am I feeding this animal!!!!! Smells sO horrible
Packed yummy homemade hummus for lunch again. Sorry coworkers!
Cant sleep :(
We are streaming live right now! Listen at www.wltradio.tk!
there are a bunch of events in seattle / elsewhere on the west coast with dance music during the day, esp. camping parties
Thaaats my Tony Clutch
This is the third time this week ive had pizza
Does the Phoenix race start immediately following this #daytona500 broadcast on ?
all done with such gusto #findthefuture - until 2021
LOOKING TO GET IN FREE? WHY NOT HIT ME UP BY 8PM AND YOU CAN GET ON THE LIST! OR SHOW YOUR O'S GAME DAY TICKET STUB AT THE DOOR!
Now it's time 2 get ready 4 the Let Us Make Man Conference @ West Georgia University on Friday. The Conference will b birthed by
you going to be able to make it out to see any of the home games?
I need to start being happy to be alive.
Come on
Night:P
Agreed. Me to: getting old, switching seats!, and class skippers. I really hate the students who change their clothes or hair! :)
Rumors are Prez 0 will not have a the comprehensive jobs plan that he promised while on his upscale vaca in Martha's Vineyard.
Moving day. *sqeeeeeeeeeee*
Who here is a fan of the Mavericks? (band)
take me with you Austin (: lol
I feel like Glee just ended for good. I'd be satisfied.
DEAL OF THE DAY ..interested in 4 unit building I'm listing tonight in SE DC? Needs full renovation. Let me know if you want details.
Hope you have a safe flight can't wait to see you guys :)
that is a crapload of calories to date...lol
I'm hungry
no, it is a new york brand est. In 1990
Thats like saying, " We need to talk". I get nervous.
- I'm envious! My recovery day is cold and rainy.
100 cases of what?
Watching Smackdown. GO HENRY
Kindness is a natural symbol of love cause it makes 1 feel loved. It's the ability to B accepting when everything in U wants to B rejecting
yes mam, you know it! I am on it! xo
RT : BKG lauds magnes collection's use of open storage as one extremely innov idea
follow back
So many video views the counter is frozen! Keep bombarding kellieluvella.tv with viewing luv!!
Ken Starr was a neurotic and vindictive persecutor.
If you need an "alternative shot" this St. Patty's Day, come see us for a FREE shot of espresso in any coffee drink.
www.robertasparta.com NEW HOME PAGE!ENJOY!!!!
Thanks for the ADD to rotation on your station! The Last Dark Show
you're so sweet. ANY girl would love to have you as a boyfriend. <3
Come on #Gators let's get up and go!
Up early again! =_= bad enough I don't get enough sleep. Oh well Let's Go make the donuts! P Dot E bitch!
They call me lil Fred when we on the court
Fixing my sub
Typical #QueenCity. 5 minutes of rain and the wussy #dukeenergy power grid takes a powder. Gee, I hope it doesn't cloud up for the
Uncle Day! The Children's Museum with Jocelyn and then Amazing Jump with Jacob.
we're looking forward to having you on #liveatdaybreak!
Author Linda Killian says bipartisanship was hallmark of Reagan era, despite obvious partisan differences.
Look, all you have to do to get me to buy some leather pants is start a Doors cover band for me to passionately lead.
Gn long and productive day... Blessings to all!
Amazing interview with #MarkKelly about the Tuscon shotting and recovery.
Damn I miss my #squad Cham wightman deeba Dave ray too fly #k nick big e Marco. Mike d Nell Jon natti dre
FOLLOW BACK :) AND DO ME FAVOR TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC
Congrats to - you've won a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer!! A rep will DM you :)
So Snooki is having a book signing close by. Why am I strangely tempted to go?
im so proud of all of you you've come so far!
I am a happy camper right now
New show booked Jan 28 at Clicks in Baton Rouge with our good friends Face to Fate.
I'm going to try this crazy thing they call "sleeping" again. Maybe it'll work this time around.
praying you make the team. Study ur playbook and keep focused on why you are here. Make the team or not get ur degree. KeepGod
I believe in the band called the Monkees.
plus Jerry Springer!
RT " People go this Sunday...thank me later"... Crawfish Boil #2!
I wanna put some new bands on my phone. Give me some suggestions ppl!!! NO DEATH metal tho lol.
That's his 8th Hattrick of the season for Barcelona and 18th total. He's from a different planet!
I LOVE U
semester take the class & pass! -.- it'll be worth you taking all those classes we'll be out of here no time! But you gotta pass!!
I did find a job in BC to apply for earlier.
RT : Pink Room tomorrow night..Hosted by , & !! IS GOING TO BE ON FIRE!!! Come & play!!!
Seems silly Ashley wasn't told Bentley truth to help her move on.
Do you celebrate #Lent? Did you give something up, or will you give back? Or neither?
Steve Jobs was not only a creative genius but an execution genius. Nothing like him in our time.
Wow! One of My Mentors Just Hit The $260K Per Month Income Level! What Would You Do If You Had $260,000 Coming In Every Month?
I have the best boyfriend ever
Door to Door in Ward 5 with for
What's needed to expand #foodhub infrastructure? $$$! (start-up capital, working capital, plus training, tech-assistance)
I feel very bad :/
oh lord you seriously need my help
What do you love me despite of?<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna.
well i'm listening to the peacock song and it made me think of you :))
Watching MY MOM IS OBSESSED piece on Today Show. . . *looking around sheepishly at stacks & shelves of books*
Totally! RT Good talk w a moment ago. Wouldn't & make a great combo? Stay tuned...
Good luck tonight BSDT dancers!!!
Hi Brittany, thank you for following. Have a good night.
I've been single for 2 days now and everyone's offering me their penis. Even my girlfriends.
I'm sure they will! :) Keep making great covers though, you did great! ^_^ :)
Glad you both are having fun in London!
West Coast 1993 wit my boy TuPac and Eazy-E
Your amazing
I'm going to put my converse on, then bus stop! Have a great day #StayStrong <U+2764>
Good luck with everything! Let us know if there's anything we can do for you.
God created me whole, complete and perfect. I am protected by this divine Presence.
here is Bernie's link www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsTVwlNhylY
we need contraction not expansion
Tomorrow is last day for: double points on Thai Coconut Chicken Soup, and to Check-In to Win an iPad2
i dropped a tear in the ocean , the day find that tear is the day i will stop missinq you <3
RT : Hey Chicago! Stay warm and join #Foodiechat at 7pm theme tonight is "Bowl Food"
That rush >
So sorry, party is over for us. Everyone enjoy and have a great week.
I can't help it, you should text me, I need girl talk right now<3
It's a compliment; she could crush a salmon with those gams.
I want hot cocoa
I love my sister. Makes the best sandwiches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Facinating simulations integrating standards and technology tools at Udvar Hazy for students and teachers
camp rock.. back before Demi went emo, and Joe grew up. :\
how you been
you're the shit
Why am I not surprised?
Who uses IE??
hope feels better!
just go with it, it's uncanny. See you next week for another Litto Smalls...
#staystrongzayn I love you:)
Gas is $4.02 and females still think niggas is just coming over to 'chill
MJ investigation on a mystery cardiologist continues per CNN
Hiring SAE's for tech and Beauty & Fashion-email me at
3 DAY WARNING TO FACEBOOK IF YOU DONT GET POPPING IN 3 DAYS WERE DEACTIVING ME *&& (:
« Dave Matthews is still getting it after all these years. #obamaonfallon»
Andy Pettitte needs to channel the 1996 Andy Pettitte tonight...
Thomas Babington~ Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely.
We'll be right on time too. You're on the list +4 in case any of your coworkers change their minds.
Could be. Not sure gay marriage is an "energizing" liberal issue.
Christmas Day I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are in need and meals to less fortunate families <3
I'm seriously about to give jessie away.
Haters going to hate! But u should tell them u going to have a Venetia tantrum,t's going to be loud and bitchy c
the last time i went to Dianna's birthday party i met the love of my life, I can't wait for tonight <3
Sunday cleaning. Sigh.
Went To Sleep Early Last Night &Still Woke Up Late , -,-
I like my morphie
michael buble is a boob
Craving Denny's....I'm so fat and hungry. >:o
Where the hell have I been?
apple is shipping ipad's one by one from China. Did FedEx become so efficient that it does not make sense to bring them in bulk?
Another visit coming in tomorrow. A fine young man who is equally great in the classroom as he is on the floor. Looking forward to it!
Can I second this comment? RT : Come on down!
those who visit our site, get special deals, sweet! :P
um what about men tho?
Can you DM me his info?
here to the kalin and myles fans who know what HamFest is.
Just finished Lit - thanks for the rec, I thought it was good stuff. You can tell she is a poet, her prose is so lyrical.
Powers out at Lubys! So don't eat here...
Our special this week: Johnny B. Gouda. It's a fried egg with Gouda and ham and red bell pepper.
ran three miles today.
VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM FOR THE MOST FAST ACTING ALL NATURAL HAIR GROW PRODUCTS ON THE MARKET
OMG !! Can't wait
Thanks so much! Glad pointed you in our direction. Any questions or suggestions?
Looking for story ideas for a #Crazylegs notes package that will run in Saturday's paper. Email thoughts to
Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness
Different leaders. SAME PROBLEMS!
Who is the BEST - we are. If you want to promote your business the easy way..the cheap way. We do it all
good morning!
And I could call you baby doll all the time And you'd whisper in my ears
wish you could come to the states.
my condolences re Sendak's death :-(
Thanks to for joining me on DO SHUT UP WEDNESDAY ....
#90sproblems when you want to hear a song again and you have to hit rewind. Then play, then rewind, then shit too far so now fast forward.
are u at our office? It's across from Vic station. I'll be there in ten.
Awesome - see you for lunch! #ypweek RT : me too! See you there :)
Call me out of line and so I called you a bitch, cause you on that stupid shit. and girl tonight i`m just not in the mood
RT is the man! Make sure your following him He hooked us up with for tonight. He's a pioneer for #WVMMA Go Butch
there are people that investigate this ("white blank page daunting") and consider what can be done to intervene
Stay tuned for a special Spring Break promo code at 6pm today. With only 21 save some $. Only at the Atlanta Bachata Fest Facebook page.
Cummings bill enhances the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act & be offered as amendment to Defense Authorization
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus raise we, let all within us praise his holy name!
Meeting up at 2nd & Bell
Just met! Super fun meeting Lauren at #nyudatamine. Great hearing about her upcoming data viz talk!
The desert fathers say: an arch fell in Scetis, all because of a cup of wine.
Congrats Groove! RT : Congrats to won the second place for Blog & Facebook Biz Buzz awards.
haha I don't lose (:
It's only a matter of time before my ears fall off due to my earbud wires getting caught on absolutely everything.
Know someone in Nashville? Send em to pucketts in leipers fork. Awesome band!
I'm at a metal show at the earl. Although i am enjoying my time, is it normal to feel like a misanthrope??
Curious then who you are against and why.
14-Year-Old DeliversPetition Against Digital Photo Manipulation to Seventeen Magazine
TY for the RT. You rock! Hope you can join us at the Health Expo. It will be big fun surrounded by so many healthy people!
thanks for your insights and and analysis ... appreciate it!
Omg dashboard confessional should just kill himself and put his money where his mouth is
The day after watching #avengers, all I keep thinking is #hulksmash!!! 'Twas awesome in 3D!! Can't wait to see it again! #cool!
Championship point and... Djokovic wins!
What wine pairs best with Blue Angels viewing?
All I can say to this is EWWW --> RT Gone for an hour, come back and now Lonsberry's talking about his hemorrhoids.
The next travel experience begins in two days. Preparing for Costa Rica!
RT : Go! Pictures, talk to people, document things. Did you go?
Looks like at Cannes, Baron Cohen's Dictator is at it again : Bravo for him !
Congrats to for winning a free Unify license! That makes our final winner for the day. Thanks everyone for playing!
Yup. We were wrong. Bulls would have looked same with Rose. our expectations were high - which is why this all sucks so much.
"Let's go Barney" chants in my #mlb2k12. Hahaha luv it
The dealine for the O'Hagan poetry contest has been extended to tomorrow at 4. #CUA students should submit for the chance at a cash prize.
Enjoyed some mulled wine with brandy, orange peel, cinnamon, cloves and all the good stuff. Reminded me of childhood days with
So far, the NATO protests have been peaceful. I hope this trend continues.
Son of a motherless goat!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ah, I have been wanting to yell that for a while!
Passion and character are hard to find. Try the bathroom.
#sem2011 Martin Daughtry on weird work in the field and his recent work on sound and war in Iraq. Excellent and innovative.
Excited that the Mike Shannon's Groupon is flying, check it out www.groupon.com/stlouis
that guys everything makes me want to throw up on maself
Congrats ! Good game tonight homie
You're what I started.
Started trying to go to bed at 11pm EST. it is now 2:15. Tomorrow is going to be seriously painful. Round 2...
What did you have in mind? I'm going to order from Macaroni Grill, I'd FedEx you a dish if it was possible :-P
LOL here we go playing "Whack-a-mole" again! sigh... bedtime...
Have fun stormign the castle.
If you can't handle my worst you ain't gettin' my best
today if i'm not too tired from work.
looks like kirk cameron and tracey golds illigitimate lovechild.
The week has been awesome, as usual. How about for you, Scott? Still loving your new city?
Finally on Spring break <3
thanks man! I'm having a blast working on the set and building my resume! Are you working on anything new?
Something.. :/ don't worry bout it.
If you can stay calm while all around you is chaos, then you probably haven't completely understood the situation.
What else do you recommend?
Please do email us to . I can always work out a special discount for you. Very important commentary!
#NowFollowing the talented
this humidity makes me want to head back to Cali...I am definitely looking forward to fall weather
Goodnight <3:D
Just had some leftovers for lunch #pooping:)
RT Love this assemby of beautiful women. xxoo #FF < Echoing sentiment Happy Mothers Day<U+2764>
Orcas was fun and everything, but the 5 hour wait for the ferry home I could do without. Patiently waiting
My father was bald, his father was bald along with his 5 brothers.
Cheap ribs and the BCS title game? Sounds like a good night to come to Rhodeside.
Nothing better than to land, check the score, and see a #Niners victory.
BET's Leading Women Defined. Hosted by Debra Lee. A vision she had 3 yrs ago to bring a group of women together
THIS HAS BEEN MY FAVORITE HOUR OF MY LIFE LOOOL AH <333 amazing job
I'm doing a twitter press conference in 3 mins. Ask me whatever. I don't give a shit.
What's up y'all? I've been missing you.
I'm in the mood for garlic crabs! M.. time to make a trip to sanford!
i miss our auto-rickshaw adventures! i was just thinking about this today! :-) skype please?
The pool is packed and the party is still going....get down here!
last Thursday of the school year! #thankthelord #needoutofhere #summer2012 <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><U+26F5>
you might as well do a trivia
A drinking game: a shot for every interception Grossman throws!
You so GROWN so come on out and say it with yo GROWN ass lol
For the record, the Cubs have been playing better ever since I began mocking u for yr optimism. Credit is mine.
And I'm sure several that only tenuously have a connection to jazz, but I reviewed 'em anyways. By the way, whose gig?
good luck Saturday even though I know I'm gonna see you guys in the super bowl!
night night
Yeh i know
Thnx for the follow, it was very interesting to hear a badger alum's take on social networking & politics at the #uwethics conf
Applications for Camp Challenge '12 are available now! Site coordinators have access! Email for more info
You broke my heart.Now i'm gonna break something of yours ~ Patrick
Anyone wanna chat? Please DM me! I really wanna talk to my followers!:D
Hear hear! RT : It's a beautiful day to write about objects!
#TeamGemini all day :)
Very good idea. Robert
have fun on www.aaron.tv :)
THANKS!! YOU have sweet shirts
hm I wonder who your sponsor will be for the luncheon... I NEED NOTES by April 6!
listening to Rosalie from Thin Lizzy...m
thank you! Excited for the next one. What a great community!
Today is my last day at Duke! Thanks to all my Durham friends! Moving to CA on Wed, to start a new job and new adventure at Apple, Inc.
Please check out , our new free Chicago-based app that gives you cash back & donates 5% to charity every time you swipe your card!
You don't mind following do u? :D
Current statistics from the American Diabetes Association show that 25.8 million children and adults have diabetes.
Strangest bedfellows: Roger Hedgecock writes op-ed for the U-T, paper that drove him from Mayor's office, and he has since despised.
your fine, a little dumb but fine
I know right! .. Thank You Arisha :D
Let's try this shit again.
"I love rice pudding, but I'm not gonna eat it at the bar. You guys would be like who's this clown eating rice pudding at the bar?"
Tippr in Seattle is looking for Python devs and Product Managers - if you or someone you know is interested, let me know!
I hate you because your an annoying drama whore.
>>>MLM News! Regeneration USA( New Company Listing )
After that it's hard to narrow down... last 3 of series 3, Impossible Planet/Satan Pit, Waters of Mars, End of Time...
going to start laminating because laminating makes everything official
my laptop battery bout weak as hell
I'm going to Florida with my friend and her family and we stopped here to eat haha (:
RT : Been playing music for 20+ yrs & still can't get through a classical concert w/o having fantasies of disrupting everything.
take a pik and post it in the group on fb
We have LAY AWAY PLAN!!!! 3 months
nothin much. How about yourself
I gotta root for my favorite players team tomorrow for the intrasquad #SpringTraining game tomorrow. #teamHelton baby!!
The supreme prayer of my heart is not to be learned, rich, famous, powerful, or good, but simply...to radiate life. ~Elbert Hubbard
I thought there is going to be more civility? Threats and cursing don't seem very civil to me, try "conflict resolution org"
anyone watching the loiter squad?
: Nice chatting Nai Looking forward to meeting u next tuesday at 2:30 and letting yur customers text u using
Maybe you did. But only on one Word.
Thanks for forwarding, great infographic. Looks like we agree - fundamentals of companies are much better now vs. '99.
Love how it takes 2 days to respond to a tweet...step your game up clown. Cant wait for our man date to hunger games tonight
2011.08.24 #Pirates 2 #Brewers 0 | Pendulum offense / Bats that run hot and cold mean / series split with Bucs
#egypt is the only thing newsworthy. I learned, from #bingvsgoog that twitter search still has a ways to go for
LOL everyone hates her
how much wiggle room is there? saw posts abt some deals, no details on if they vary at all
i dont know how to talk about porn for 7 pages..
I. Hate. Pimples.
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
#moverslongisland available Friday & Sunday! Reserve Your time now! Professionals at work! You will be amazed, You will recommend! Thank You
so nice outside.
Are you on the #tebowing wagon? Better than planking?
Looking forward to the show. Heading down this weekend to see it.
heyy follow me(;
Happy Tuesday! Feeling much more chipper today than yesterday. SB hangover is finally over.
You Bitches Stay Up in Eachother
who the fuck u laughin at!!
Get the facts about date and acquaintance rape! Did u knw that most rapes are committed by someone the person knows?
weekend, weekdays, you name it! " Great weekend in SF! Tons of plans and peeps to coordinate. Thanks !!!!"
lolololol never baked a burrito!
Is that fight between Tebow Fans and Bronco fans? That would be a fitting end to today.
oh u know the future? They're the most battle tested team in the playoffs and have the best pieces to do it.
Mail call!!! The New York State Department of Taxation & Finance Certificate of Authority to collect sales and use tax has arrived!!!
So sweet! Blessings to you...
Killed that freestyle, the beats were weak though, I need to do a record for him! str8 up!
RT nba elite 11 on the iphone is insanely good! I recommend this!
Merry Christmas everyone, god bless.
RT A big "Thank you" for the #follow #teamfollowback Thanks again!
Thank you Darius!
Thanks for the love!
Yes. You can make reservations by calling the brewpub at 594-9800.
yes seems like a common theme these days for you. :)
"UN Panel Calls For Limits On National Wealth" Out of OUR BUSINESS - HELL NO NWO
I am having dinner at Sardi's. Time warped into the 50's but in a good way.
thank you. I have been told the Adam thing a few times. I'm a hige fan of Adams
an atheist i may be, but i am also a recovering catholic so now i just confess to a god i don't believe in.
tip on how to find a job. Go downtown to biggest building u can find and look atthe directors go up to offices ask for app
Could give a fuck bout later, bitch i'm on now.
any well-oiled hogs out there this sunday morning? cum see my hardbody lol!
Looking forward to a great !
Great turnaround by the bills
"you look like a geisha that's being comforted by her European companion
I really enjoy it when someone says "Have a blessed day" rather than "Have a nice day".
how was it?
A: : "There's always new data: mobile, behaviors -- it's always changing"
Thanks so much.
I feel like my bf would get random hand jobs every time we make out..
Heading north on 45 this time of morning should be fine as long as you start north of the zoo interchange. To Mequon <30 mins.
Awww! Love kids in art museums!!! This boy looks about 6, totally leading his family through the space "look at this one!"
It takes a different kind of person to be a las vegas cab driver lol
Fuuuck it's too hot :((((
What's the perfect food accompaniment to go with a pint of #Guinness? #HappyHour at the pub and I'm hungry!
I really hope no one notices that we are moving a zoo into our new apt.
Stop it! It is unacceptable for me scream with laughter while I am at work.
Coming to Sydney in May! Please contact me to work with your family and set up talks.
oh yes!! Always! xoxo
Have fun!!
I think I need to jettison some of my "friends" cc et
When I feel a little depressed, I remember there are people that tweet over 20,000 times a year, and I feel better.
PR for Small Biz Owners-Get info to right people! Thanks for the great article
Text me first , or we wont be talking....
So far at : dark taxa, portraits, and starfish. Next up...?
I said yes because I thought I still liked you.
Wow terrell suggs out for the season..that's a big loss for the ravens
Is it the world is coming to an end or it is just a political games that kill people? What's about all those wars around the world? Thanks
Well as long as your sorry xD
Wll ck ur site. FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
That is a pretty good wifi antenna
How does one master hobo culture & lingo? What information sources does one use? Or does one simply ride the rails in like 1932?
more like a new engine!!
hahahahaha ME TOO
doood that right there is the shit
Until Facebook, I had forgotten that I went to high school with guys named Skip and Corky.
digging the circle of 5
my favorite app is blogger for the iPad
So excited for baseball season! Who wants to go see a game with me this summer?
RT : Meet transgender friends from all over the world. Come on in and join the conversations 24/7 www.tgtalk.com
Need some lox with that bagel! :)
Not exactly sure about that 1... Would need to connect w IT dept. RT : what service are you using for streaming?
who does this hairy baby belong to?
Around Good music. Good peoples. Loving life
you know, claps..tambourine...
what am I missing?
from excel into access an that was it! :) I got lucky haha
On last night's Colbert Report, he said writing about white people only "made life so much easier." I'm sure it did, buddy.
depends what you actually want. We can do some.
And we can definitely do a better job at reaching out to those communities. Open calls like the current one are a small start.
is offering various great Investment packages in the upcoming feature film "LOVE HEIST" - contact me for details.
I fucking l o v e wearing hoodies.
Showtime!!! Lehhhhh go!!! <3 princess d
would you describe Iverson just a great athlete or one of Philly's greatest entertainers?
Georgia Tech went Milwaukee/St. Louis/San Antonio in '04 to get to the Final Four, same route this year. Could it be an omen?
#whatwewanttohear! RT : Early meetings so my large coffee from will definately be needed!
Next, Craig Carnelia teaches a master class in acting and musical theater.
today am not feeling grand :(
I'm finally home(:
Oh My Atlanta, Georgia where lives <21
Black Girls Rock is Rockin nieces have pictures of a lifetime. They met my friend, Debra Lee Chair of BET smart, brilliant sister. BGR!
QFT RT : Preindustrial Inuits: no cancer, no heart disease, no alzheimer's. Only ate meat. Maybe it's something else.
His piece is coming up! RT : we love tyler, sabrina
Just saw the pilot of Awake, can't get enough of it.
Lmao its a problem that my 2 year old sister knows the words to Starships by Nicki
Just made my first post-craniotomy attempt at calculus. My brain still works, but I feel a bit dizzy.
Remember to patronize our sponsors, and show your support for live music.
This weather is superb! Be a greener runner and train outdoors - treadmills and stair climbing machines use a lot of electricity!
Niall! ily:D please follow me<U+2665> x
Just to set the record straight and despite what Vic Johnson says, Kari Lantos is NOT lazy!
you're welcome.
HOW AWKWARD It must've been for the guy who invented clapping... *clapclap* .. dude, what are you doing? .. idk but it sounds encouraging.
if ur tired u can go to bed and come over tomorrow .
Stop by to win a scooter from
What is your favorite Class Is In Session song? Download the mixtape and let me know!
Sounds like a job for : I need a DJ with a generator ANYONE??
` can i get a hot tub?
Christina Coursey! Your kindness has floored us! Thank you so much!
Prodigy your doing a GREAT job.
I'm tired but is keeping me up.
I'm wearing a down parka at my desk at work. Meanwhile, I took off my coat when I went outside because it was balmy...
Have you checked out My Munch Bug's site? www.mymunchbug.com Great resource!!
LIFE IS ILL IM SICK AND IM REAL.FOLLOW THE NEXT KING
oh, I might accidently burn it with the curling iron. I might try and give myself bangs and screw up.
oh lord lol RT GOOD GOD! RT about time they have an ad 4 the females!
AND ME BEB.
Thank you to all who have and are serving our country. Peter you're a hero Thank you for the ultimate sacrifice.Forever in our hearts.
What is your favorite Bloody Mary garnish?
and my mentions are broken :/
looked in penelope's mouth and found 4 missing teeth...thats 6 teeth lost in 3 days...that reminds me has anyone seen teeth the movie :-/
Headaches and stress will all be over very son lalallla lalllaaa
There's none near me. That's why I have to go every time I come down South!
those bastards! Lol
Are you a female Philly sports fan? Interested in blogging about Philly sports? Send a writing sample over to !
The Kinks and html- not a bad Thursday
Nobody takes what he says seriously anyway. His hockey IQ is lower than most fans. Just look at his Islanders GM record.
Learn Modern Style Bachata free tonight at 8pm Irie!
I give up I'm sick of being treated this way you got your wish hope this makes u happy..Goodbye
Hoppy Easter!! Wishing everyone a beautiful day ahead!
glad you could make it to the game!!
Loving the #s4pm chat :) Lurk or join! (I'm tweeting from )
thanks dude!
Lmao who still say swag?
Looking for Mr. Rodriquez
Agree on the living beyond our means point . Irl: pop size of Manchester. Morons overpaying themselves and don't seem to be worried.
We just had a blood test 6 weeks ago showing she's allergic 2 green peas/sesame/apples. So why test again soon?
im going to bed though! If you can find a pic of you on tv and send it to me, that'd be cool :) Gnight!
Lob city no more, Flop city it is!!!
Haha! That's the truth.
Funny how Washington fawns over the Hollywood B listers. Some wouldn't even be covered by TMZ.
golf instructor calls me yesterday new student tries #powerchute takes 8 swings and TELLS him I want one pulls out wallet instruc mind blown
Now I am not the lonely guy with the van I drive a prious, but it would be fun to hear about. I do I know a young kid with a van
I forget lol
#ImAlexsGirl love ya :) <U+2764>
do it for Johnny! #wrongmovie lol
Sadly, I have an Instagram addiction and will not stop using it because of this. Unless they REALLY mess things up.
just followed me?! Woaaaaaaah!
RT If you want people to RT your stuff, know how many characters you need to leave to make it easy on them. I leave at least 14.
ill do my best
no spoilers!!!
how was your interview this morning?
I'll come up with something! Scheduling my first post for tomorrow. :)
my mom & uncle are here from TN, so we drove up NM4 through Jemez today - and it snowed around Valles Caldera. Weird weather.
I hate freshmen sorry not sorry.
Congrats Deion Sanders you made it to the #Halloffame You changed the game. My favorite.
Top 4 soccer stories of the day.1)FCBarcelona fails to practice White House 2)Neymar fantastic goal 3)Bradley Fired 4) World cup Sub-20
Thanks for the shout out !
Money make the world go round!
Ryan, thanks for following us! You are our first follower!
'68, unusual sexual energy is norm n our culture, all sexual affiliations are viewed w/ an essence of ? whatchacallit?fear?
Good morning Tweeps. TGIF. S/O to all my new followers!!!
I cleared my cookies, and then #gmail reset to English.
Naps are my new best friends. <3
get at me with screenprint prices please
Thank you for #FF !
okay I'll follow
i waz supposed to say name lol :/
Is it weird that I feel smart because I answered the majority of the questions in teen jeopardy correctly?
My moms words are so beautiful xD that's why I curse soo much :P
I miss yours too!! Come to Indy? ;)
Vine would. She's a cold hearted gal.
I'm a strange individual & that turns you on.
Yes. I a manager with Aveda. 4th level across from Starbucks
ever find that injecting astronomical accuracy into star trek sex takes all the fun out of it?
Your welcome;+)
“: I went to the only mall in history without a shoe store.” haha that sucks
Avatar, great movie, just broke $2 billion worldwide.
Another nice family dinner. Beer can chicken on the grill, roasted rosemary potatoes and chocolate fettuccini for dessert.
We are looking forward to having you visit! Is it for A special occasion?
i'm with you, but I'm afraid that in ten years we'll be like those guys who will only listen if it's on vinyl, man!
Twitter Friend/Follow ratio is important criteria (along with noise ratio) for selecting who I follow.
it's better than high school? And I'm goin to hcc first then a university! :)
I'm here, too. Which terminal?
Drew's a must follow for college hoops news / csnbayarea.com issues! #soproud RT Making appearance on tonight
Those salsa classes I took in Vietnam are paying off in
Well...off to run in the rain! Sunday = Brick Session
I just saw this ! But thank you for giving us a shoutout !<33
Our Board Member will be presenting at #TEDActive in Palm Springs!!! CONGRATS!! Woo Hoooo
like what if you see them on the streets? you have to look good for a photo op! or be asked to come over to the hotel ;) ahaha.
that's because zuccarello isn't big enough to knock the net off
afc champion and nfc champion :) ravens and gaints is what i want :)
The posters featured in Deconstructing Perestroika were loaned by The Wende Museum...Visit the museum for a free tour led by the...
Interview jitters and running late not a good combo
what book is it
i was about to smack the shit out this lady cuttn me off while im tryna explain
ian your eyes should be illegal !!
she asked me do i lick.. i said wears yo purse lol
do I get a refund on my cable bill for the poor quality?
Basketball game in the morning, Lake Eola festival for lunch and a BBQ with friends to round out Saturday. Stoked!
Your shouldn't be a copy of your resume. Engage people by being creative, urges
Dear 76ers, if y'all don't take care of business be prepared to get yo ass whooped on Sat Game 7 United Center.
Honestly I'd to anything for
how was you're day? Or still at work?
this is why i dont follow bitches... they think they r poets nshit...
YouTube T.Mills - She's Got A.
AND I HAVE THIS STUPID RUDOLF PIMPLE AGAIN. AWESOME.
Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow Tomorrow.
New !! Woo hoo!
Life is so rewarding to those who live with purpose,built through the struggle's pain and love.
Who do you think will be #5 on our list of the Top 10 Current NBA Players? Guess right and win a game for your iPhone.
No kidding, but shit, you can't win a game with 16 pts...RT : I'm beyond furious right now
Actually it's a different version! "Strange Things" is 75 min long whereas CoH is the 52-min TV edit, w/ post-EQ footage added.
You know your a badass when you go to avon high school
Beef Fried Rice.
Hi there, folks.
you guys were great tonight! Hope to see more of your shows soon! :)
Hey, every shopper for his/herself. I don't blame ya! We're still working on AJ (bf) wedding outfit, so he was forced to come...
Fresh Chips and Curry Sauce, Movies With The Family.?
you looking for in house? or just a seo team that gets the results? 623-255-4088 ext1 Ask for Dean
Winner: Best Nickname For The Incredibly Predictable Nashville Blogger goes to -> RT : Clay Franklin
haha damn those beetles. Had to bs that whole lab!
What is more, that regression has paralleled the explosion of the religious right in the area. Correlation or causation?
Fo sure! That would be great.
Hawks are getting worked right now.
Please send me the pic.
please follow back? :)
:-) Ah... the fireplace at the Hotspur! Please say "hi" to everyone next week! :-)
I took it down- should I re-post it?RT Youre brilliant. Quick question, What happened to the song That was Then?
Just DM'ed you the price.
please. Let your boys off the hook last night. Going at least 6.
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Google Promotes Online Safety With 'Good to Know ' Campaign
iPad in bag of rice & I am saying some prayers for my dear CK Dexter Haven. Please recover.
Not sure. Maybe Eric can field this question if he's willing to break his 0 tweet record. What type of dog is Joey?
facebook kicked me out, so I guess ill crash on Twitter for a while lolz
Home, all on list accomplished (saving the world only % complete). Working now on my wiki. Next week is a BIG week...ACDA things.
thanks, Merle! G'night!
Looking for a candidate for Weber Shandwick at the AS level who will work on one of the firm’s largest global healthcare clients. bdavis…
: I want one dm me!
"You cannot direct me, I am Klaus Kinski." "You will never leave this jungle alive. I am Werner Herzog."
I feel like when girls like whiskey they've beaten me. I just like Bud Lite ok world?!?!?
Someone's got a potty mouth behind me.
#resume #tips When going over your resume and career, make sure you have a job title when writing your document.
And wants to move his guitars in. He's thinking we'll have sing a longs during breaks from our idea generating work.
Shots of jamesons. O we
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
can't wait till tomorrow
aaight ill find u wen i touch down to see wat happenin
" Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and He shall strengthen thine heart!"
Join us tonight for Girls' Night Out @ LSU!! Doors open at 7:30pm/LSU Student Union Ballroom - Admission is free!
thanks for following, Brandon !
Oh shit. They did break up!
Family First.
Who's excited? RT First wager under #Nevada licence optimistically plausible within this calendar year.
NEVER that! #Lakers4Life “: lol! Join the Clipper rise!”
Imma fag. And I found out Trey Songs gay....I'm tryna get it in
Yes, did you?
freaking followed me! OMG! So happy right now!
That defies the law of physics!!
million dollar idea: YOLO water. Someone could literally put anything in a bottle, label it YOLO water, and I would buy it.
#raw10 im n a elevator w/ 7 other ppls, some1 let out a silent fart, it was deadly. no 1 claimed it. we needed the CSI ass sniffing div.
#amazon really..... 17-35 business days for a phone case to come? Get your sh***t together
<U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> Follow me <U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> Get <U+3010><U+2605><U+3011> F0LL0W†BACK <U+2714> akika_143
Well throats still swollen today, at least I knocked out plenty of tracks yesterday. Hope this doesnt take long to heal.
thanks Ron, tell your friends about us
Come and take a run on my avenue, I'll show you the world if you want me to.
Hard to get super excited about a #Sixers win with Rose out, but I'll take it.
Okay so I've pinged Harriet 6 times, called her twice and left a voicemail, somehow I don't think she's getting up.
Attending 'Iris' by tonight, can't wait. Thanks for the tickets!
If doesn't play Skinny Love next Thursday in SF, I might pout a lot. cc
Let's go Sharks!
I wish u would follow me! Ur the greatest b-boy eveeeerrr! Soo amazing and jaw dropping! :D
Happy Belated Book Birthday to POPULAR released yesterday & I can't wait to read it!
Not sure, yet, but I hope so! you guys made a delicious #gf meal for me last week. It was awesome!!
doll hope u dont mind if I kinda take credit for dat pic of ma fren <33 love yhuu
2nd of all I am JESSIE FRAUSTO JR... who just happens to be on TWITTER.
Fantastic #bhlib meeting with new African colleagues Looks like I'll finally get 1 of my old dreams come true and work 4 Africa 2!
I witch you a Happy Halloween !
my slim isn't reading discs anymore. All I get is a message saying "Open Tray". tried powercycling, etc. any ideas?
lls no u were supposed to say aww bby im sorry
it's been awhile for Sixers fans
Go see Warren Malone tonight at Rockwood Music Hall at 8PM.
At the concert...club paradise tour...
Another test....hopefully a successful one!!
Except for work, I'm chucking Facebook. It's creepy how they're funneling "news" down into more & more narrow streams.
I should've known. Comcast is evil. All my other channels were fine.
They dumped Trong? For what, blasphemy?
News Technologies wrapped up at #SXaccel. One theme was "show me the money," ways to monetize web for publishers.
It's the same thing. Why don't you get that. It's no safer in the store unless they legally required to test products, etc
best small business to start
Sounds like a typical day at (W)right On Communications!
Watching perform :) simply amazing and so beautiful <3
#Education "Education does not make us educable. It is our awareness of being unfinished that makes us educable." -Paulo Freire
*snif* my jaw just fell open
K-Rod always makes it interesting
I need a favor from someone. Or some people.
Great read in about the reinvention of the Arnold Palmer brand. In '11, Arnie pulled in $36M. And that was a DOWN year.
get the Cheetah Club cracking lol “: A Strip Club needs to let me do promo one night a month.”
had a great night out with babe last night then had a bbq today with some of my neighbors for mothers day.
you thinking Hillis doesn't produce same #'s again this year?
Thanks bro!
On tha kool i wanna go skating today ..
Brewers 2B Rickie Weeks is not in the lineup on Monday for the 3rd straight game due to a wrist injury.
Right now has got me going nuts with photo uploads. Loving the copyright option. Putting my good photos there.
Why did the 3 women cross the road? Forget that! Why're those bitches out of the kitchen!?
I love you & u are so right!
Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful Las Vegas weather! Today's high is 77 degrees.
closest think I can think of is "cipollotti", but only in certain regions and I am not even sure
I had to stop listening to his speeches. Bad for my blood pressure. Plus I look rather insane screaming at the TV/radio.
Q: What three two-letter words denote /small/? A: /Is it in?/
You welcome, and thanks. :)
We've both climaxed....its Over Now !
Internal Locus Of Control
Beautiful day and need help with some decision making. Work or beach. work or beach...Thats too easy...BEACH!!!
Wouldn't it be the worst if some douche decided to play whatever they thought was "tasteful" at your funeral ????
Thanks for sharing, that brought back some great memories. : )
Hey guys, today is my birthday. <3
Don always gets the final word.
School in a bit :)
I laugh in the face of unpredictabilty....so long as my car doesn't break down. Happy Friday guys!
Publishers worried about backlist
If you come in my room, I expect you to close the door.
awwwwkk.. hahaha didn't mean it to go that far guys hahaha.
RT : Storytelling is a great way to humanize science says
Can't wait to see you all at #PinkPumpTea!
this summer they are doing another us tour gosh and I thought you would know this by now and what tickets?
I'm looking all good I'm making her wet They pay me respect they pay me in checks
Heading off to #AASLH10 to present with and on our teacher collabs. Lkng fwd to historical enlightenment!
Typecasting again, I see.
I'm at work! Why yes, yes it /IS/ Sunday! Thanks for mentioning it.
Holy freaking rain batman
*thumbs up*
4 hours until kickoff with
well good is in the eyes of the beholder ... right? I'm covering a lot of bases, so I guess pretty good. You??
We are glad to have you!
<U+E040>Playing Sunday Brunch at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando 10:30 - 2:30 <U+E30A>
Who wants some
sorry, had to catch a train in the afternoon. maybe next time.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to our WONDERFUL workday volunteers for transforming Marion St. It looks amazing!!
Show Friday, July 8 at 10pm -Saturday July 9 at 4am $5 before 11pm, $5 for CANCERS DJ E-STATIC buying Ladies in Red Pumps a drink til 11..
So true. RT : You can tell if a person has trouble telling people no by the state of their FB & Linkedin friend request list...
S/o to our new followers!!!!
that's the hard part lol you want to but it's like NO gotta do it
I cant deal with any of this. :(
okay, so maybe computers arent their thing but seriously the iphone is amazing, imagine having ed.
Almost back to nashville. Excited yo play at thats cool tonight at ten!
I eat carbs
Clarify your message before delivering your pitch. Write your pitch as a script and leave it as a voice message on your own phone.
Moss will play in the finals against Liberty senior Ayaka Terakawa who beat Wilsonville senior Hannah Anderson 6-0, 6-0 in semis.
Nice! just took some dudes down in their new Chevy interceptors!
Today was much needed fun :)
Yes. A whorediot.
I know I was hoping you'd say Houston lmao
but information, love and confidence overpower the hate always:)
blessing the Truth on my TL;)
CHECK YA EMAIL
I know what you wanna get on........oh
if we miss our connection, will need it! Thanks.
I'm not so much upset about NC's ban on gay marriage as I am that after all these years I still can't get a date.
Who are the Toronto athletes on Canada's 493 strong PanAm Games team? I live in Canada and I expect to be able to follow their achievements.
since Viking times! :D
yeah man.. I wish I were a good enough writer. It'd be as big as "Radio"....
Georgetown CCPE thanks all of our service men and women for their dedication and sacrifice for our country
Thank you. Love you too.
“: No Doubt's first album in 11 (!) years is due Sept. 25. Will it be ska or pop? Rooting for ska.
I have a hankering for some Tijuana Flats
I wonder if Daylight Saving leaves you impaired enough to qualify for a DUI...I'm all yawned out today! Yikes
Toughest position to fill: #NFL coaching job, of any kind.
you can fall me or follow me :)
DRAW SOMETHING PLAY WITH ME :) Candice2009
The more time I spend with you, the more I realize I don't want to be without you
My girl got heels higher then yo standards
throw a party. Then you won't be lonely
RT : How has your Monday been? Any fun adventures with your pup today?
do they like cat food? maybe the'll leave yr garden alone!
Of course!!!
Works better when I can see you at closing.
This is really throwing me off . . .
Goodbye Twitter.... See you later ^_^
Lmao! Im sorry but thats creepy.
i missed my show. -_-
If Mitt's elected president, I'll "Romney" in my pants.
Can You Put The Whole Part 1 On A Twitlonger So I Can Read It?? (:
Get ready for a picture dump guys. First up, BOWLING pics.
And so Friday evening begins!
Breastfeeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests, since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind. ~Mike Harding
Its so well written! "I still laugh when guys put golf balls in their shirt, like little boobies" "So little!"
Taking the tour
DC united 3 - AC Milan 0 - beer cups spinning wildly
Superbowl Sunday Patriots vs Giants.. Patriots for the win.
Cool Tip To Stay Cool: Have sex with a Snow-man or Snow-Lady. But get their permission first or they will melt you.
Especially when content is undefined when design begins and it has to be designed twice.
We found love in a hopeless place.
Take a fucking pitch Bettancourt. You are correct again sir.
omg he's the best. Hahaha his shoes were just amazing
because they look like birds, and probably carry the avian flu. Sick. “: Tiny face white girls frighten me.”
“Take charge of your attitude. Don’t let someone else choose it for you!”
RT : Thx ! RT Awesome time at Ready, Set, Connect. Makes me excited for what's to come!
not good... What do you do??
the first rule of Jeremy Lin is...
Working my mind up to do my workout...before brunch. Almost there, lol.
Just found this...very cool. I am a Veteran/Actor. I'm currently filming on 'The Lone Ranger'
kay kay :)
I just saw The Lucky One and you were fantastic. Loved it!
Smile. Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends? Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over. ~ Walter Anderson
Mike, It's a good webinar. I'm listening to it now! cc:
Good luck to all those running in the elections this week! Don't forget to vote guys!!
yes email me at
RT : Have u raised awareness of autism this month? Tell someone you know about Autism NOW: a national autism resource from The...
Thanks for the RT! And your diss topic sounds interesting--are you working with Jean Campbell at Emory?
Happy Cousin Day, North Carolina
I feel free
Your show was phenomenal! Wow! So great live! Thanks for the shoutout :)
Thank you mom for the 4 alarm chili and cornbread. My mouth has been burning for about 20 minutes now!! :)
yes I do... It's Fayven Liu. :D haha
me too! w00t
ill have a car when I get out there so it wont be no worries
oh okay Thats what's up. ;)
Oh, btw - I discovered a few days ago in working on my family tree, that I have cousins in Australia (Adelaide).
commercial with wiz khalifa! pittsburgh represent
Aasdfndkabsb i definitely was went to be born in the Uk...but I live in the US how awks
Today, 36 children will be diagnosed with cancer. 13,500 children are diagnosed every year. September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.
take a bus just to cuddle with me haha?XD
A client just emailed me claiming that receiving access to was "Kind of like Christmas for geeks." New favorite email.
Thank ya sir :D
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement. C. S. Lewis
RT “: DAMMIT I hate when I have a decent tweet and misspell somthing”
Chicago is super nice except when it is cloudy or freezing. Have fun and success in DC!
I DON'T REMEMBER ANY OF THIS STUFF. ugh
thank you. Miss u!!!! XOXO
is the person armed?
Nothing but #beautiful #women tonight! Are you here yet??
thank you too!!
I never seen.her.
Charles Barkley's Weight Watchers commercials
Of definitely! If I come back to Texas I would want to work with the Tribune again.
you already know... Lol
time for some early morning #strengthfinder reading. let's see if this really lives up to the hype.
Actually crying at JLS album chart show, i love them so much.
Listen to some Whitney!
just call it "a better smelling Shea."
life man life
yes. I've presented 2 night rn. I came in late/early 2 present. Also looked @ idea of electronic journal club but haven't started
greatest love of all! I'm a sap for a great ballad
My hood & the one next to it
“: I got to the mall to go to champs and they're closed.... What's good with that” remodel
Aftr Richmond tonite we'll b @ the North Star Bar 2639 W. Poplar Street Philly Doors @ 9pm $10 21+ hope to c u there pass it along!!
Da #BlackHawks, Da #Bulls, Da #Cubs. Special shout out to an amazing game by Da #PhilHumber. Come by for Da #Specials!
true story: some bitches on the street asked if I was Kid Ikarus. Said they saw the mixtape on website and dug. I said, "good."
I PLUGGED YOUR IPOD IN AND IT ERASED EVERYTHING
I don't know. How do I find that out?
"This is not a stepping stone for me," Dumanis says.
just tweeting 2 say that you look gorgous in ur profile pic :)
RT : If you cheat, lie & hurt them and they still give you a second chance, they love you."
I agree that social media can't be described as simply a "tool", but affordances are still something about (and beyond) "tools"
Getting ready for today's open house in gated Sun Gate www.new-mexico-home-sales.vom
“Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration” — Thomas Edison
I'll give you a hint "Che faccia Bella!" and we saw it in the theatre ... ?
Wow with one leg this dude kick as in one round
Well, I will definitely check it out. I was hoping for something good.
I'm attending #MW2012, please add me to your list. Thx!
I agree that paras need training in ABA but so do the general and special ed teachers who should be guiding their work.
Clippers or Grizzlies? Who do you have winning?
LADIES NIGHT 2night @ UltraBar!!! VIP 4 LADIES 21 + FREE on Guest List TXT me last minute names for List A.S.A.P. >>> 7034073810
was very tempted, but dry-clean only is a dealbreaker.
when dude bone checks the chicken he's eating.
I dunno dude, math is hard.
Dear straight men. Just because I'm gay does NOT mean I want your dick. You might be cute but I don't want your fucking dick.
"trying to help other teacher via Adobe Connect w/ her's...” try instead — transparent technology, easier to help w problem!
Wearing my new pants from to the gym (:
RT : Partnership with EDWorks and to bring #STEM skills to students via #gaming featured on ...
: It was so good! I spent the weekend reading CLASH OF KINGS on the beach.
Like this new he will break the record for most majors and will do it as a better person
#GhostHunters is presently #20 on Google's Search Trends - that's huge!
what did he do?
even the acting?
Tennessee football officially SUCKS!
you been wack, might send some chicago niggas, get ya kidnapped with ya bitch ass, hit the dryer cause ya washed, splish splash
Aloft tonight come check it $2 Bud Lights & $3 Captains... Hit me up for info @ (602)882-0317 its right by Grigio and In & Out Tempe!!!
Zoo Season is approaching... Are you ready? #ZOOAMP #OKC Tell your favorite artists to come see US in OKLAHOMA!
Hooray! First day of & tour.
Next up: Laura Zebuhr on C19 "friendship albums" of signatures, flowers, verses, acrostics, hair, drawings from
u up boo
to qualify to be a fucking spanish teacher you have to be a fucking dyke!
why is headache
I AM SO PRIZZOUD TO HAVE A COOL FRIEND LIKE ... Get it gurl with that drop into ur splits.. Mhm
Just heard the phils have scored first in 14 of 15 games.
Just got a Pell Grant for $5,550 worth of financial aid from The University of West Florida!!
haha I know right! I was rockin those hearty glasses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm honestly not sure, cuz I ordered it from my school's cafe. That's all it said on the board. :P
Yes, it should help. I think the label is going for the weight of the album vs. the single(s) pulling the album. Miss picks?
First visit to Case plant in Racine. Awesome!
What a good way to end the day:')
talkin some knowledge right now.
You will look so badass in DRIVE! didn't make me laugh once...and that made me laugh! Looks like a killer performance.
Serching for my lost dog!!!!
Finished the week with a BANG! My piece on SMG PIO Villarreal may not have moved (I still love ya, bro), but it was a top read...
Sorry I somehow missed the birthday wishes! Sadly, no ALA for me this year--maybe next year.
Contemplating whether to upload my I'm so raw freestyle.
YUM! Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : Monicals for lunch today 8==========D
walked by the lot today. Super pumped.
Ima drag you with me lol RT : to hell you go ! lol
5/19 - Now on stage at Comic Strip Live - It's Late Night!!!
Sad loss of #adriennerich. Keep hearing "fierce" in all the eulogies....
Maybe if I cleaned it I wouldn't hear anything
Be an American....Vote!
We must work to eliminate #petroleum #fuels from use for #transportation, heat and electricity production.
I should totally run for president.
My sisters have me liking Adventure time and Regular show.
the round red fox hopped over the lazy dog.
Hello Kitty is of British nationality there for I think it's only fair the Brits get a pass on this.
Keeping afloat.
hahaha it was all over her it diddnt luk much like his hair tho but still 2 thimbs up to tht lol tht deserves a long laugh
Moving is such a pain BUT we are excited with the new studio in #BerryHill and the new office on
Conjunto Karabali at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, May 15
I want Saturday back <3
Thanks for the follow! I'm going to try my best to make you and show Thursday night
Have you checked out ? We are a great tool for busy moms! Documenting/organizing memories of your kids!
Does that make it swagful? RT : It's both!
needs to be in chicago.
Glad this week is only four days, but annoyed at how the three-day weekend makes everybody scrambled and hectic.
very cool! rt I have 3 bachelor who responded to me and to my tweet.
New #psych :)
Thank you, Avid Builder!! CPS' interactive touchscreen system, SalesTouch, included in 2011 IBS Best of Show; thrilled to be included!
So true RT : He who thinks he can and he who thinks he cannot, are both right via
Sarah ty ty. Gonna go have an affair with my pillow hope my clock doesn't get pissed and go off early.
Photo sharing class is over. Whew! Now must get started on material for Pinterest class. No more procrastinating.
when did you move to Chicago?
is 'bout to do her Model Walk @ the Curvy Revolution Spring Fashion Show!!! @ FLAT 151
Humidity does wonders to my hair!
Matt please speak english <3
nice shirt Austin! lol
How long would you say the tofu takes to freeze/thaw?
Total Vibration » Blog Archive » What You Can Do To Further ...
Movie fact of the week: No one (that is still alive) knows who supplied the voice of God in the epic The Ten Commandments.
best tweet ever.
Monday! EBooks! WCCLS will be lending ebooks and you can download 'em with your library card. bit.ly/bPVzge
R-truth: Crap is crap, and crap is gonna get got(:
Thanks! Had a great time at Looking forward to new adventures here! Let me know if you're ever in the area.
Don't be a pussy when eating pussy
RIP James Q Wilson, a practical social scientist whose work refined, and reinforced the value of, community policing. His impact was great.
Wallpaper pastse is tastier than that, and has fewer g's of suga!
Last tweet I meant as a good thing
Coconut Cake and any latte, just $4.00, available all day!
Love is not rude
We're cooking out at Hunter Park Monday at 7. Join is for the fun! Ultimate Frisbee, kick ball, and more!.
Another day down! More camps on board the 3Adventures Express!
NeNe leaks is a sad example of the black woman. She needs an education! Star should have had the moose jacked up!
Just A Friend by Jasmine V (:
4 years ago Heath Ledger also died from sleeping pils and alcohol. Nothing has changed.
Fair enough! I need to get back out to Colo. sometime. I worked there for a summer a million years ago.
Thank you!
haha we scared the crap out of u
RT Drugs sell themselves. We'll see how much of a hustler you are when you gotta get out here and sell ya music.
Unbelievable match by Chelsea so far. Yes, yes I know the final score will be 287-1 Barcelona, but let me have my moment.
Happy birthing! (Do people say that?!) Good luck and best wishes.
My birthday is only 2 days after #swaggé happy early birthday Alli!!! :)
RT : Brandon Roy sets target date for return: Friday at Toronto. Says he has been cleared to practice Wednesday.
Try looking at all the facts and not just the ones that help your agenda and then you may get on board with us.
Matt Barkley just Tweeted "Yess" Wonder what he means. Patriots? DT going to NFL? Who knows...
Something has to be done about Rickie Weeks. He's not going to bench himself. Please save him from this embarrassment.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific
happy new's years eve, everyone, be safe tonight, we'll see you next year, Caliburr Records
I need someone to talk to right now. I can't keep bottling shit up like this anymore.
I have seen Titanic a million times, but I have to admit, I am SO excited to go see it again in 3D!
I can lick my elbow. It's not impossible?
Nelda ... a thing of moods and moments
heh, yes, why? i'm popular on the internets, apparently.
Moment ive Been Waiting for
Y'all - at is rockin' his take on half smokes... while they last! I know where I'm eating tonight!
Hey I'm both of my parent's least favorite child sigh.
i CANT BELIEVE THIS!
It's an absolutely beautiful day today! Has Fall arrived! It's so cool, I think I'll work in the gardens today! What a fantastic holiday!
#ThingsIGetAlot....You have the COOLEST CUTEST bedroom EVER ! It needs to be on MTV Cribs lol :-) :-) :-)
Harnish? Is that is name? I mean I like the kid. He's mobile and has a arm but I feel like Keenum would have been a bett ...
I'm doing a presentation on Edmund Spenser in Ireland 2mrw. Thought of my Irish expert Miss Milfriff :-)
G'Day right back at ya! - Hope you're having a good, what is tomorrow morning for me, there in upside-down land.
Joel Ward from GOAT against the Bs to goat against the Rangers.
OK #Patriots - game time - let's pluck those Raven's feathers and send Flacco backo to Maryland!
Hey bored and a little sleeply( if thats a word!)
So Riot Fest,....That Friggin' Ruled!!! Good seeing you guys!
Life is full of twists and turns, one must learn how to navigate. Jesus Christ is the only GPS you should invest in, he gives a lifetime ...
a conservative and Malcolm X a liberal? I would argue the opposite, based on economic strategies, but not sure that their stance on violence
I like a girl who knw a lil sum abt basketball like knwin travelin dnt mean gettin N a car and goin sum where
I don't eva get a " good morning" from ANY of my followers. That's how y'all treatin me now? Did I miss a memo?
Russian officials to be prevented from buying foreign cars
Hope the #HHAwards go fabulously! I don't think I'll be able to stay awake...looking forward to reading the live tweets tomorrow, though!
Special Deal now until Dec 26th, Every $25 Gift Certificate purchased comes with a coupon for a FREE Half Dozen wings!
#removeoneletterfilm He, Little Mermaid
sounds amazing! I hope u had a great time! :)
wish I could go back to New Mexico this weekend. But I have another appointment.
Definitely real life boy !
RT : Friday, I'm going to be celebrating at a party down at ! You should join me!...
Had to make a point Queen...fuckas online get outta line sometime..and gotta be put in their place. TY. RT : <3
Done filming, done Scrooging, all done for the year. Taking a break till next year. Wishing all a glorious new year! :)
I must get there this year!!
i cant stop farting
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Biden doesn't drink b/c of history of alcoholism in his family (Irish Catholics), but otherwise yes.
RT : every day is the saaaaaaaaamee thing
auditions tonight have gone fairly well. met some interesting people. as well as some really strange. wonder who will get cast...?
Damnn it feels good to be a hoosierr
cuz I'm confused how can other ppl that idk comment on my tweets?
that's a draw between and CHICAGO'S finest ! \m/
Yes we have one life to live but its up to you on how u wanna live it. Rather u live it right or not your choice.
thanks, how was your weekend?
I want out of this city there is so much more out there in the world
LOVE! RT : Time for a Spring Sale - Use the code "GrrrSpring" for 10% off all orders till May 6th.
Main thing I wanna do before I die? Make a difference in the world and be remembered forever for it.
The Nate & Diana scene that just happened on #GG.. Oh my. I shouldn't have been thinking those things with my mother less than 5 feet away.
hehe :) I really do enjoy Twitter. I think it's that I talk to people all day and when I get home I feel mostly brain dead.
Check me out. Everything done at work with 8 minutes to spare! lol
NAP TIME!!
Can we initiate the System Restore function on Arizona
I'll be on vacation until Jan. 9, but Leslie in my office will still be around to take calls and emails, and keep up with Twitter and FB
Enjoyed the dolphin game with my better half ! Eventhough we lost, I'm still a true dol-fan! <U+E520><U+E42B>
. How do we implement this in a way that doesn't allow for site takeovers on a massive scale?
Endorphins are the bomb.
Yea so am I! Ugh! They cancel the good ones and renew the shitty ones! WTF!
for CJ- Meghan Arbegast says hello! Was Picking up tickets to scout Seattle v DC. Pummel Galaxy!
I drink your milkshake.
No Johnny Depp this morning we woke up late, but we're seeing Safe House. And that will do I suppose.
www.shadowglacier.etsy.com come see my shop and work!
people like me commit voter fraud? Ridiculous: I'm part of minority who bother to vote at all.
Merry X-mas! Getting ready for my a christmas story marathon
Santa was alright and new year party was perfect.
try me
just managed to tip my desk chair over backwards....with me in it...THUD!
FUCK JULIUS CAESAR
have you ever wondered why?
I dont ever do these but RIP Steve Jobs.
Good call. Just perfected Frere Jacques. On to Camptown Races.
that is such a wonderful gift. Have a great match tonight.
Promise, its gonna be a long night!:/
Wow she is a cutie :D
If you find a week old bottle of breast milk hiding in the diaper bag DO NOT OPEN IT!!!
latest jokes , tips, sms centre k numbers , NEWS n views , sub hi kuch to hai speeder main to jaldi se reply main likhain FOLLOW Meesa
Thank you! It's truly our pleasure because we LOVE our community!
Check out Fado in Chinatown tomorrow and happy hour for a good cause!! I'll be there at the start of Happy hour!!! Woo Hoo!
scientists are busy working on the bacon machine I asked them for. They will get to your request later.
plzz tweet me back
Good Morning =)
One of life's greatest lessons. RT : Be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time. Persevere, and you will win
Ever had that feeling you've over-committed yourself? That's my world right now. FYI: Saying "yes" to do things is its own form of OCD.
Just got back from the Avengers. It was hysterical. Go see it—and make sure to stick around till the end of the credits.
RT : has left #MSP airport taking it's place. Pat Hogan, spokesperson for MAC joins
lmao, yeah, on the streets it gets attention because it looks like I'm not even riding a board(x
EPA says, "ENERGY STAR® labeled windows, doors, and skylights are twice as efficient as the average windows manufactured just 10 years ago
Light the match
Tell them #99actors about !!
whoops. Haven't seen your tweets for a while haha, thought u went on twitter vacation or something haba
off early on a friday
And I'm still up cause...
I hope we will all look back at this and have a big laugh.
as an FYI, I just told a group of rowdy women in an office that I beat you to keep you in check. Cool?
Lynch is Top 10 this week. Peterson should be solid as #2.Roddy as #1 WR, Miles against a weak TBB D, Reggie Bush as flex GL!
#ForcesOfNature Maybe one of these new characters has special powers than can kill that freakin savage kantus
i live
life is getting so much better in just a little bit of time.
Oh no, do we have to choose!?
the new French president's first initiative - to introduce subtle errors into the text encoding of all American new web sites and rss feeds
Bored.. Tryna smoke
These last couple uh weeks as a teenager are gonna be spent doing all sorts of retarded teenage shit
Watching "A Capitol Fourth" on WUCF...thanks UCF College Dems for all your tireless work to keep it in the public good! Happy 4th!
I just texted some random assface because you gave me the wrong number. now I look stupid.
One dick, five bitches and they each on it... Straight face, all lips no teeth on it
Gluten allergies aren't so bad when the cure is staying at home and learning wrong science.
You're .. you're ... that wax bottle thing we had today! ^__<3
Damn! I'm back at the dive on Harvard eating. This place is delicious! And to top it off a chama brew I don't see anywhere!
welcome home!
Great photo shoot with Bryan Murray in Bklyn today. Killer photographer & saxophonist.
artists that want to get on a collab spot need to contact my man and he will definitely help u get there
Who knows the website for the gov objectives
Need a new place downtown for lunch?Stop by The Screaming Goat!! A la carte menu gets you exactly what you want at an amazing price!
Kerr &amp; Wagstaffe Firm Says Facebook Incident Has Big Implications
Jason Bay looks as if he has never played baseball in his life.... Horror story.
We love music!
Meow meow meow meow meow meow hates me...
fresh off work.. fresh to the voting polls.
I always crave hot sauce and my mom ate spicy food when she was prego..
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
the alien iPhone ringtone is trippy......
out of your 16,773 tweets, you have retweeted me twice(: wanna make it 3?
smh i left my headphones at home but ima in a office i be cranking this shit lol
I could murder attention seekers.
HB 1286 passes Senate Business, Labor, and Tech Committee 5-2; now on to Finance.
I really should get out of bed..
hey fuck you
Really love the fact that Randy Wolf has 60 pitches on the 7th!
Everything that the universe stands for is BULLSHIT.
. wrote a fantastic piece on Rookie RT All Locked Up: A personal hair-story.
I'm not in school today that's a beautiful thing lol
#LSUUA LSU has not run vanilla offense until tonight. 3-3 is your result at the half. Let the offense loose and the Tigers win easily!
yeah..picked the 32 bit
I agree these assholes that boo him don't deserve to watch him
Goodnight folks!
hey no problem!
Monday got you down? Time for a little retail therapy! Use promo code FETCH10 to receive 10% off your next purchase!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-43
I had to exercise the ban user feature. (SMH)
Quantitative vs qualitative measurements
psychoanalytic psychology meets mantis mating: eating mates' head a castration analogue?
Slept on my neck wrong last night.. It hurts really bad! :/ Work 5:30-10:30.
If you asked me to... I just might change my mind.
For those in Santa Fe a beautiful boutique painting, photo and sculpture show to not miss is art Santa Fe.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
Every time i touch that track it turns into gold.
I miss you more<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> was thinking about you this morning!
Do you brew beer and would like to try some amazing hops in it? let know! they will sell you some and you will love it!
You're the one doin that TOO.
What I want is a cell phone that is powered by a spring, like an old mechanical watch.
I just made a stew in my pressure cooker and nothing blew up.
Looking forward to #Tcamp12. If you see me, ask me about the Public Sector track at , the international Wikimedia conference.
At a house party on Sunday!
Listening to and I'm suddenly in the mood for a big ol steak. Thanks Johnny!
I see why Angry Birds are so popular, I can't stop playing it!
I read at Gamestop that the PS3 release for FF14 is gona be in Novemeber, any truth behind this?
just found your Night Owl 2 album its dope just Downloaded it, what part of vegas you guys from???
Wishing it had snowed a lot more
RT Sometimes little milestones of hope are just enough to get you motivated to keep moving forward
I watched it on Netflix streaming a few months back
Just when I think my day started off bad &/or that I was having a "bad" day & I check Twitter 2 find out my life is not so bad after all. :(
today will be spent recovering from the last 3 days with a pretty stellar boyfriend... 'feeling loved' hangover
Because you can't, you won't, and you don't stop!
umm of course you are gonna be ! :)
please follow me back so I can respond :)
Its time to make it happen
All the older woman say "whitch ever girl gets a hold of you is going to be lucky" so i don't rush anything.
Happy Friday the 13th!
I have no words. Blah.
In this show this 18 yr old dude is fuckin with a 15 yr old girl
#nowplayin... feel it in the air -Beanie..perfect for this NY weather right now
I don't have it and please stop fighting or what ever y'all r doing its not good y'all used to be friends and now what happened
i'd love to come babysit with you!you should probably email via yahoo because im never on this and i wanna see the vow with you!
Girl cant help it She needs more He hasnt found what he's looking for They're still standin in the rain He cant help it & shes just that way
lmao his is too much! Danny someone told me you were bad mouthing me
Draggin this AM. Need coffee. A LOT of it. Now. WHERE IS IT?? We're out...heading next door to McD's! Have a great Hump Day!!
I went from so juicy, to jai single, back to so juicy. & Saturday?
It's Bingo night at Coach's. Is Bingo a big deal right now or something?
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009E>Happy Mothers Day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009E>to all of the Mothers out there and also to the single Fathers who play both roles <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Did Penner and Vermette get tossed?
my favorite time of the night, friends is on :D
Happy New Years al. :)
That's Right RT: #interview #internships &
I cant wait for adele to sing
I'm feeling much better, but there's still some discomfort . Thank you for your well wishes. Have a great weekend!
as one of my friends from bk said, "u can take the kid outta brooklyn, but u can't take the bk outta the kid"
i'm trying to get you'r fan mail address ihave like a 6page letter for youthe address ihave i'm going to send it to (: loveyou
i miss you. <3
Wow. I really hope that's not for real (?!)
last 2 weeks of june!
Yes, it is so scary!
Good luck : This should be interesting meeting with Coral Gables officials building and zoning... and maybe more friday 13th
2 games at Petco Park wiffle ball field...2 wins! Looking for the Crew to do the same starting tonight.
good music
Chris got the finger snap! lol.
howr things? heading to St Louis anytime soon?
DONT JUST TWEET IT(:TEXT IT,CALL HER,VIDEO IT,RECORD IT!ALL OF THEM!(:<3 Y'ALL ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER! #StayStrong smile alex
Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad -Lil Wayne
What do you call a person who likes to hang around with musicians? A drummer.
Salem Mayor Kim Driscoll will be US Rep John Tierney's guest to State of the Union tonight.
Bout to be Killin zombies with on the 60in.
thats just a little cute <3
:D also name=ALEXLUKE19
deal with this...
rawr, feisty! I like it ;)
wow just saved my choking dog bc she was 2 excited while eating! TY #redcross 4 Dog First Aid! Get yours
I hope you wore some sunblock. And yes, absolutely, there are free seats right in front of me...
Jacking our hair to jesus w/ &
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Clearly I was an egg.
Working late : (
haha dude I miss you, wanna chill Friday ?
I want to make a joke about that new HIV prevention drug and the cloth seats on BART but I don't know if it's in bad taste
haha. No Targets in Dubai, unfortunately. What are you doing in Dubai?
thank you for the wonderful RT!
Shout out to #TeamTipyan if you aint in da team den u must be f*ckin Trippin,Yeah Dey say i get the bait but i aint goin Fishin. -KiddSlim
hot dog race im taking mustard
Keep the followers coming : Gone keep kumin ": S/0 been fucking with the club for years!!""
When I was kidnapped, my parents snapped into action. They rented out my room.
RT : We've invested 15 yrs getting ppl to come to brand websites. Don't be so quick to send them to FB? Link it all together...
yeah I got your email on this. Will let you know if we are interested. Thank you!
I'm just gonna laugh at that
I didn't get enough of in the last 48 hours so were ditching school & going to Starbucks. Minus the ditching school part. <U+2615>
Thank you so much! I'll DM ya later.
Craving for some double stack Oreos :)
10 years ago today we got married! It's been difficult at times but we have turned this into an incredible partnership. I love you Sarah!
OOH... Well different points of view, Now let me look up this Josh...
c'est la vie...
Thanks I just got an idea.
I'm right there with you! Lot on my mind but will take it out on the music only! We'll get thru it together my friend!
oh hey! I thought I saw you! Will try to find you and say hi at the end.
Go follow and tell your friends to follow as well!
The Museum will share highlights of Faith Ringgold’s March 22nd visit. Stayed tuned for photos, video excerpts, and insightful quotes...
I feel bad 4 the models that he misleads cuz these girls have a dream & it's not right
I'm the only one in my house that has a regular box, everyone has the DVR thing lol
Sorry I missed yet another lunch! Totally want to invite myself :)
Don't say mhmm, it's rude... uh huh works better cuz you at least take the effort to open your mouth.
I feel the same way.
hey, you going to #coffeeandcode today?
Don't arrive until midnight on Thurs. Sorry to miss it!
Watching Mission Impossible with the fam.
If your broadband is a problem, or a phone lines what you need.. If you really want your business to grow.. You first must plant the seed.
yep..but mine was already taken :(
It was a great Memorial Day Weekend at Tia's! Thanks to everyone who came in! Its another sunny day in Boston to enjoy our patio!
Fantastic meeting, tour, & tasting at today. Love the focus & discipline. Enjoyed tasting the 2005 and 2008.
Thanx for comin out VA and helping out at Drew Model school.... my lil momma still talks bout her pic wit free
I am so lazy. I need to get in the gym.
#ReadingRascals will be starting soon! Learn how to read in 90 days or less! It's an awesome program that all the little ones will enjoy!
HIRING IT RECRUITER! We are growing fast and are in need of 2 IT recruiters. If you know anyone, send resume to .
"Fouling" LeBron is no way to play defense! RT : Tyson Chandler will be named the NBA Defensive Player of the Year on Wednesday.
#impressed That he's Makin A change..! :)
AP tests... I must break you. (Ivan Drago's accent from Rocky IV)
hey cory how is ur break going so far?
-- FU if you're going home
Just left apple store w/a new....... MacBook Pro.,.,
I don't think I've ever seen the beginning of Weekend at Bernies
How is Arizona? Let us know if you are ever in Seattle!
Thanks! It was fun to do -- and I feel like I learned something about myself in writing it.
Congrats! For a moment I misread Publisher for Punisher. That would be another, equally thrilling I'm sure, story.
heres a pat on the back also for your team, it's nice to see recognitions posted, have a wonderful weekend.
BElieve in YOUrself :)
I need some fresh air, Im going for a midnight jog....
you get everything you need and and want at
no bro, i think u did mind fuck me.
I NEVER MAKE A PROMISE THAT I CANT KEEP
Touchdown nyc!!!landed jfk welcome home to myself!!!
i gotta start openin up more....
Hey , my answer is 300
Unreal!! RT : Should be part of the foundation of the individual's game.
Is this the only bi-partisan session at #aam2012 ?
I admit it, I really like you, but it's not worth it anymore.
A mindless behavior chick RT if u agree
Im bout to start workin out again, 4sure
Bus with police escort headed south on 95 towards stadiums
#idol - Joshua fell back too much into the vibrato. There where some good parts but it wasn't great by any means.
Sunspots that happened at the exact time the Mich v. MichSt. game started? I don't buy it!
#IDontLike When bands sell out
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests
how bout a follow from MLB best player
On another note, why does Biscuit take a ginormous poop right in front me and our neighbor while we're saying hello?
intetesting for show The Walking Dead the zombies have to attend zombie school:-)
Still time to make it to the Wynn to join our 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 8:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
RT : #EMAC students! Topic for Spring 2011 4372 has been finalized! will be teaching abt social media&online mktg!
frequency is only one factor. Valuable content is still top. Willingness to engage is next on my list
I will watch the #grammys tonight, but only because of the Foo Fighters' many nominations.
Hello Vegas! It's about to get crazy ! #swangers in
I'm just not a cat person haha.
Up and at 'em
This dude - - is tweeting from SPACE. #nbd #FF Scroll through his recent images - so amazing! via
jury has buzzed, indicating they have a verdict, in the Julie Bronson intox assault (of a baby) punishment hearing. Been out 3.5 hours.
& are coming to tonight!
sure! it would be great to connect!
No more renting a tux for me! I have my own now thats whats up thanks for messing up!
I know I got the same email earlier today. Its weird....
Isn't it nice when disseminating a CFP can bring you back in touch with an old colleague? Huzzah for the Interwebs!
Approx 1 in every 16 Chicago voters has had a sensual fantasy involving Carol Moseley Braun.
I never finished that book--thus missed the trippy part, I guess! But he's always interesting, and I love his direct delivery.
This battle in LA is great
released the SBC Basketball Championship Fan Guide. Check it out if you're making the trip to Hot Springs:...
Worst migraine a human can go through
The chick in the thermals has the perfect hairdo for being a bassist
Including people
The was launched in 2010 at the FIFA World Cup in South Africa
is she as gorgeous in person as I think she is?
Allison Cerra at #pii2012: "In the Identity Economy it is trust which matters, not love."
Skype + business = success.
we're are the airport bar
yea me too I'm tired
If it doesn't make money, it doesn't make sense.
im really serious & Selena said no . because yyou have to meet her in real life . she can get in to problems if ii did that.
Thank you very much.
#RIPAngel you'll forever be 's little girl :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
it's Time to start tweeting nonstop.
how is Matt holding up?
don't make me whip you. Get up and go, Tia!
come join love to follow you
Dear neighbor, please turn your shitty music WAY down or off completely. It all sounds the same and it's really annoying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
*thinks about it* You might be on to something.
IM BETTER NOW THAT IM TALKING TO MY MEXICAN HOTTIE! I MISS YOU TOO! HOW ARE YOU? :D
Or should I just... Keep on... Chasing... Pavements?
Maybe if you didn't leave you'd have some pastries in your belly right now. SO FULL.
the test yesterday was awesome! Looking forward to the big show!
Are you getting ready for the Chinese New Year? Here are a few tips to make sure Monday brings you the best of luck and fortune!
Make sure to tweet a pic of your fancy hat!
I have that problem too! Ugh.
let's do it!! Hit us up!!
I want some fucking hot wings dude.
Where my #clippers ladies at?? Yall out there??
“: Lmao no idea.” haha on the bright side we will have our shirts ;) lol without a date
Jaerael hit me in the head with my soccer ball. What a bitch.
Dolphins chances of a PR or KR for a TD increased a ton with the drafting of Lamar Miller.
NO BRACES!! #whoopwhoop #ecstatic (:(:
If you can read the trending tweets for #nationalkissday and not laugh, you're a better person than me.
The famous schumi and mika at spa
I haven't seen you in forever
thanks, Chris!!! we're indulging in Kostritzer at the Black Forest tonight if you want to stop by. :)
I am looking forward to my day off tomorrow! But, what a great week! I <3 my new job!
you said yes! Go back to the msgs on fb and read them over lol
About 3 months. I felt lucky!
I wouldnt say sorry to Tami psychotic behind neither O_o.. Kesia just too scary... girl give me my stuff or we finna bang
Please, please tell me "hips that don't lie" is on your resume.
I have yet to smoke weed with a magician that doesn't mention he can make blunts disappear.
My new Brother and Sisters in Christ. Praise God.
Klip Grips votes for the
no he wouldn't thats why he's not a beast like Lesnar
Can someone get me a beer!
Congress should use same health care & retirement system that give to middle class. Not gold plated system have now!
its all G tho its getting to hot to b working up in checkers overnight all the time
Hartford is an example of how pathetically incompetent management can easily destroy a great company. Find out how at bit.lyhttp:///H6vpt3
Where. The. Hell, are all, my clothes?!!?!!?!!???? It's not like I live in a huge house where they can go missing.
awesome. Get her to plug the Brief Candles show at Uptowner this Friday for !
I'm still waiting for my UPS package.
Sources are telling us that the Tiki Barge plans to reopen in April. Spring is nearly upon us.
Today, three people told me I remind them if Adele.... what even?
Weekend of GLUTTONY
I hate those ppl "who are never wrong " haha what a joke love to prove them wrong
Author Gabrielle Burton speaks on her work and life-long fascination with the Donner Party- November 10, 9:30 am in Car Barn 205
RT Great read for all you football and #risk management fans
good answer!
I love the Csikszentmihalyi-like flow that has accompanied me while writing this Information Literacy paper. Passion: I haz it. :)
good night babe!(: I love you
Boys JV Basketball has been canceled today. Practice will resume tomorrow
Come to the only nightclub u should be @ in vegas only
They could have used the help when they were first starting out. So why not try to help some young musicians out. WTF is with some of these
twitter acount got hacked,sorry for the annoying messages
The court shook when he fell RT : I told you bro. You could be the next Reggie Johnson victim.
illustrate follow you if you follow back
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Ecuador convicts local man in US double murder
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
My Gods not dead He's surely alive!! #Easter isn't about the bunny! No It's about God,Sending his son to die for us to save us
yes, I would like to know which ones you follow. Thanks
it would be like fate brought us together
I made some last week & chilaquiles so I'm not tripping :p I don't like arroz con leche O.o
Assume the person you are talking to knows nothing about libraries
Hate that i don't have my ipod right now
RT I hope everybody had a happy and safe memorial weekend!! Not over yet!
whoot whoot ! I am your first follower :)
Always! It's the depiction of
Whats going Partner? That kid sounds crazy good. Hit me up with a update today. Craziness happening up here. All good things.
Need to get home and listen to that new ...
Gotta say I've enjoyed the class. So many need to hear this message.
Mountain View is fast paced, a cultural mecca; pure sexy action adventure. But its also fraught with peril, you gotta be street wise here.
"my boyfriend from my childhood dreams - Donnie Wahlberg" ... You and every other 30 yr old female in America... Hahahaha
Why did plants evolve such that they reject the peak spectral output of one of their main power sources?
thank you for life!
WHAT!? she didint get to finish telling me dm!!
Back in the newsroom for a full day of Irene coverage! You can post your storm photos on our home page, select "MyCam" on news12.com.
So pleased to have met these entrepreneurs launch party.
I've seen an odd number of people in airports today traveling with cats in carrier bags....
Oh goodness my stomach hurts
I'm about to tell her she needs to put + on her tele to boost her ratings...
Home from a D&D session that went longer than I wanted to but was generally fun. If nothing else it took my mind off crap I'm dealing with.
Happy birthday Jennifer. May God continue to walk with you, carry you, and help to enjoy many more. U are a true warrior.
that would be the biggest breakthrough in teacher talent retention EVER. I would still be teaching if my admins had met me there.
btw, could you please vote for Jakarta, Indonesia? So Austin can performs here(: it would mean the world to me<U+2665>
You're idea for a line up seems like a no-brainer. What's keeping Bochy from trying anything like it?
so sad isn't it? We got that video yesterday morning and people are just OUTRAGED. Glad you're covering it :-)
Distributing Sealogix Fish Oil makes good business sense. www.5StarFishOil.com
I can really see myself on stage pouring my heart out to mi fans one day i will but for now school is my main prioraty #future!!!
Watcing the purdue and ohio state replay #bored #boilerup!
Why're you just absolutely stunning? I just wanna hug you x.x
It's kinda awkward to talk to candidates as both reporter and endorser, but you're saying that's a more honest way to do it?
Around? I'm back.
hey #plone! I know it sucks but please upgrade to plone 4 where you can. We can support so many more issues this way!
nice, back to school? I'm good just getting ready for my move
I have little-to-no tolerance for self-loathing gays who judge others based on their own issues. Don't paint me with your brush.
Who got kicked off Idol?
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net Julie minorityjobs.net
Don't forget to respect yourself and love others. Don't let anyone push you into something that is not you.
bring Terry back!!!
Finally finished Cutting for Stone! Next: research for our trip to Istanbul, starting with Pico Iyer's article for
Hey so-called "geeks" who like Lord of the Rings. The guy who watched Star Trek: The Next Generation has you beat.
Nothing's ever as bad as it seems. All bout perspective and attitude.
Lindsay and I spent the whole day watching AVPS. Can't believe HP is over!
#Hater I only have time on the weekends! Lol RT : oh so you're tweeting? Who knew you had an account lmao!?
" Love makes your soul crawl out from it's hiding place." ~Zora Neale Hurston
I have no idea I came in with stomach cramping and I'm apparently a fall risk I guess /:
Aw! Thanks Kelly, he looks happy. ;)
dont let me get in my zone.
just got back from sledding with the family.
That would be on B-3
So very true (although in my childless days I was still mostly sympathetic to the child & parents).
The Way of Most Flesh
To take a break, think like a kid
:( my mom don't like dogs but we have one :)
All of these nursing prerequisite courses are making my head spin. Meh!
Your blog is awesome! Great material... Keep up the good work.
Thanks for sharing my post on taxonomy!
Manage #7: barrier holding you back. Not always 1st step. maybe #7 on task list but holds you back from starting. Confront early on.
Hey Keith, its bella Dyer. Hope you have had a happy new year. keep in touch
If you're in need of a job inbox me your e-mail address. Thanks!
"It can be done." Colin Powell...ending on a positive note. GN
how am I a creeper? Yay I'm loved!:)
Can't help with the cords :/ RT : A merciful god would have created self-lubricating asses and untanglable headphone cords.
Indeed! By the by, have you had a chance to check out Matt Maher's new album? I've listened to just a few songs.
are you leading the session today ? It was great to see you last Fri!
#Medicare Beneficiaries....Would you like home delivery of your diabetic testing supplies? Contact us, we are here to help...
I like the location!
#iipc12 baseball folks, meet in the madison building lobby at 6:15p. Looks like the weather is holding for us.
Dear who ever's reading this, I could be naked right now and you would never know.
what is happening to our language?
Turrels court house is jank. It's a fucking shed.
My dad went to a pychiatrist cause he's depressed and it bad :(
For whoever ordered Pizza Hut using Domino's number, fuck you.
We express our solidarity with the oppressed people of Bahrain that are standing up for their rights&wish for democratic reforms!
lmao my bad
Tip of the day: if you want to be a gansta then alls you got to do is wear some gansta clothing.
what a garbage bowl game 2nite - doesn't mean i'm not firing on it but garbage nonetheless.
Happy Mothers Day!
good night.
About to release a new addition to our website
Hey Joan! So great to see your order come through today. Brought a smile to our faces :) - How are you?
Even though I can't enjoy a drink, I remember all the good times had "back in the day";
you've won a Tier 3 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
with good reason
summer is just around the corner, those are eye catching
very excited about this coming week closing some big sponsorship deal for my fight promotions
Back in spokane goin out for birthday!
what! when!?
"It's a wonderful Life (3:30)" and "White #Christmas(7 pm)" at "Strand in #Shelbyville today! $5 for adults and $3 for children.
Great weekend of shows, thanks to anyone and everyone that came out to see us. You send a tingle up our legs.
Admission to the market is free; come see the wornderful items local Milwaukee artisans have to offer!
Captain Jax making love to pressure! #GoSpursGo!!!
josh whatever noise you just made.....it made my dog bark.
i never wear make-up so to wear it for prom..... i feel weird lol
I thought I was bad at speeches until I heard Bob Ivers horrible grammy speech last night.. wow epic fail!
lol omg. "hello my name is real."
Please let me know what the consensus is on the fitbit. I'd like to know too. :)
i think you should have the role that you have now as playing derwin -funny-
It went really well! Excited to start putting the pieces together.
You're welcome!
Nah but seriously, I never had a boyfriend cuz I was always too shy plus I think a lot of folks in my schools were racist -__- lol
La to the ma. Lama
Yeah, there was an accidental space there.
does this mean we can stop constructing the plexiglass box on your condo roof? ;)
Couldn't. Be. Happier.
I feel that this week is going to be #Epic.I feel good spirits despite this morning a here...just waiting to come out
I wonder if #Obama endorsement of marriage equality is Bush 2004 but in reverse. +
Getting ready for jingle ball!
DOWNLOADING MORE ICONS!
I'm trapped in my bathroom. The cops will not leave. I was watching ESPN and going to Yoga later.
The Window was the most suspenseful of the noir trifecta at Loved Bobby Driscoll, whom I'd only b4 known in So Dear 2 My Heart!
hamsters can only blink 1 eye at a time.
that's n Chicago right
Congrats #HBR on the Webby award! No surprise.
Crazy morning !!
YW, loved reading it!
just sitting on skype all night long <3 how we spent every night for the past 3 weeks <3
I am letting go of some of my bad stuff in order to let in the good things in my life!!!! What about you?
Thank you! I have #foodallergy to wheat and soy, and you use those oils. It would help our community to list all the ingredients.
LIT Like Ssht
Had a great day today!
the intro to over >>
Forbidden fruit taste the sweetest
I take it that you watched the Jiro movie? If so, how was it?
sorry I fell asleep, just answered!
yeah, he's kind of my new obsession. His features are quite different, but awfully attractive.
My new Christmas tradition is buying tamales from So happy to include you wonderful ladies in my holiday celebrations!
Opening mail to find a $562 insurance rebate check just as my neighbor suddenly scream sings Bon Jovi "WOAAH WE'RE HALFWAY THERE WOAHH OHH"
cheers mates!
Cleaning the birds' cages. Hey...that's TWITTER LITTER!! Bwahahha! (sigh)
Thinkin about getting a keek for this trip... Video everything! Ha
Tune in to Simmons College Radio, 24 hours a day while you are at work, at home, or on your iPhone.
You're welcome! You'd be GREAT for the !!!
Can't get it going today
I gets it in all day . All work no Play .
9/30/2010 Small Business News: The White Paper Overview Small Business Trends
Haha how do you forget?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
"We’re all collaborating, all the time" on #prismlaunch -- beautifully written, Dumplin'Boggs!
I just wanna be able to log in at least :/
never taking out my nose ring again, most painful experience of my life
Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be. Impossible = I'm possible!
it's a feeling that can come easy...you need to keep your chin up and keep going, keep fighting...there is a better ending.
NO BO CANUCKSSS
Secret crushes •___"
get outta my lovvvvvy!!!!!!!
true words to live by
i wiped the studio down like it was a dirty baby last night. dr's could operate in that room
whoops, as following you on my other account *allmixedup* I'll get that to you in a jiff :]
RT : Yahoo! doesn't need a new CEO; it needs a time machine.
It's getting heated on came in as the No. 6 QB in AFL History. Should he have been ranked number one?
recommends Lobby Hero at T. Schreiber Studio through November 20th!
That's the motto "As long as my cousins love it its live let it fly fuck it"
I need to get over this, it's not going anywhere clearly...
2 almost empty rooms and abundant processing space on the horizon. Can't wait to get some linear feet under my belt:)
good luck!! Cant wait. 2 see you in lambeau!!
Double D bitch!!!!
Congratulations Justin!
Princess Project Fundraiser tonight at 6pm! Also open for business as usual. 1735 Hancock, San Diego
It's funny how the person you would take a bullet for is usually the one behind the gun. </3
More in reference to the fact I can't feel my legs right now.
Good luck tomorrow.
You are never going to love ne so what's the use. What's the point in playing a game you're going to lose.
girl! But be mad as hell when he think another mf tryna play daddy... "move yo feet, loose yo seat"
I am very proud of this App and my hope is that it helps everyone who needs it.
spread the word of the good. We'll have more for sure. Thanks for playing year one and congrats again on second.
Can someone explain to me why The Middle and Suburgatory don't get more love? They're hilarious. Indiana represent!
Register and attend the expo for the chance to win tickets to the Big Ten Basketball tourney!
aye g add me on tumblr vansndlevis96
pizza and sushi are both at a tie for my favorite foods.
Stop being a drama queen grow up, the world doesn't revolve around you. You're annoying me.
Hall Pass was the funniest movie I have seen in probably a year...definitely recommend seeing it!
I'm a writer, but I'm waiting for inspiration.
#Ithink we can make the world a better place.
I could consume this 3x per day for the rest of my life.
being able to tell residents to GTFO was really nice to do!
Obama comes to Columbia campus this afternoon. Metal barricades everywhere; 21 NYPD on my 2 block walk to work. Wow.
that shit is trending again ?
If you ever wished airbnb was free:
and once again, stapler duty!
am glad I never did the second masters. Not sure it would help my chances in getting a position anyways
It's going to be a good week. Let's make it happen.
welcome to the party with Greenwood...excellent #Ravens target end of 4th
why not let them know on ? #branddrops RT At&T has the worst customer service hands down
day 4 in the studio, finished guitars now moving onto vocals. woo making progress.
Read helpful things there, but also heard some contradicting experiences. Want to make sure I'm not missing something.
possible! i will update you on developments as they happen...also entertaining.
Man wish I could have seen that soccer game
Time to get some ink!
Not jealous. Betrayed.
yes yes we will!! Bahahaha well figure it out
canon's Rebel line falls in that price range. I do not know much about other brands though.
no, really - where the hell did you hide the tweet button?
No strength without pain... No success without struggle...
@ the Library: one of my co-workers overspent her AV budget by $10,000. How do you overspend that badly? $10K is not an oversight.
I'm at Highpoint Furniture Market #hpmkt & thought of you furniture shopping with the designers. I'm sure you're glad it's over!
girl please!!! I don't tweet that much no more, I tumble!!! Oh yeah thumb up for
good1 > “: Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. -Tim Duncan”
That's a scary thought!!
I look forward to seeing you out on the court more now that your inept coach is gone
just working :) hbu?
RT : I'd use the Liquify tool to lose 20 pounds ;-) > Make that 40!
testing.... #e206 undefined
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, The middle one's for you!
but you'll be there! See you tonight?
I'm trying to follow u but I can't :3
your a big mother fucker . :)
The 6 police vehicles involved in a traffic stop on my street are having a worse friday than me.
This nigga just said "bro , play Booty Me Down" O_O
Wait. Have the dates been released yet? Or.
Yes, me thinks Bill Gates protests 2 much - all scores can & will be FOILed
Way better! ; ) I would love to read that story -- but I can't find it anywhere on the site. Perhaps in print tomorrow?
Hey We Follow You! -->
Where are you headed tonight? Got some CDs for ya :)
I came to this new school strictly for football and college business not for the people so fuck yah! Im
good morning from Dallas!
Just cranked out quite possibly the longest post I've ever written. I blame LOL
Dont cry over the past, its gone. Dont stress about the future, it hasnt arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Chips and dip>>>
huh, that's weird. just more proof that Koreans excel at amazingness!
It's just movement, don't over think it...
RT Saw A Gr8 Bumper Sticker 2day: What Do God and Obama Have In Common? They DO NOT Have A Birth Certificate LOL -- Please RT!
i dub lovestep .. oh sorry the house shaked so much i couldnt type :S
My mom's favorite ice cream from Sebastian Joe's is _____________.
Go #Texas #Rangers, love underdogs... and 1st time World Series winners...
": Is Petsmart supposed to be Pet Smart or Pets Mart?" I'm pretty sure it's both. Clever
wat do u have degrees in
idk lol if i changed the way i write it people might not like it xD But i'll try that for my next story:D
Which word might this be, Ms. Abroms?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
Head phones and bumpin like i want.... time to get them beats by dre
#newbooks 'A Portrait of The Artist as A Young Man' by James Joyce, 'Disraeli in Love' by Maurice Edelman
Heh. I have no idea what that thing was!
HAPPY EASTER!
recording another edition of #savingstories on on college presidents at
Come on, I use that hashtag ALL the time. RT i will create new ones!
you should buy a lottery ticket from me. I'll sell you a winner! :p
On my way to #NAI2011! 6:30am flight from Reagan in Wash, DC
Niggah On My Son We Gonna Blow
Someone ON TWITTER manipulating my CURSOR as I was slamming anothr #GOP stupid policy: just did it again! TWITTERNAZI hates Progressives!LOL
You'll be kicking yourself if you let today's deal pass you by - 50% off towards ANY salon or spa service at Glow - www.crowdclick.com!
that proves, yet again, that queens is a much more civilized place than manhattan.
Nope, don't think I need any cereal recipes atm. ;D
: What do they serve at #neoprom? Pod Rezt?
Don't handicap your children by making their lives easy. ~Robert A. Heinlein True, but hard to remember sometimes?
RT : Sometimes doors close cause its something better coming< one closed is another open. Always gotta have a positive outlook
I guess it's time to see what Flacco is made of (though I think we know that answer)
This broadcast is terrible #foxsoccer, did they even mention the sub for #sportingkc? I miss
lol that's the main reason why I'm getting distracted. I get too into a song and end up typing the lyric >.< lmfao
Agree! So everyone has homework: promo tweet #K12 #ECOSYS has a new night TUES 8pMDT
morning world
stay beautiful
Thanks for coming this weekend!
BBQ Fundraiser at KDA (780 Vondelpark Dr 80907) Saturday, April 7 Starts at 12pm Come see us and have some yummy BBQ treats!
Hope you're well. Congrats on GreenBiz Forum. 2 of my Social Innovation colleagues recently saw Brian Dunn at BSR. Gr8 wk
Have you noticed that, except for people we work with, we have no idea what our friends' handwriting looks like?
awe lol tommrow I'm gonna make it FUN
#boyceavenue is amazing! Just went to the concert and I LOVE alejandro! :)
doesn't bother me as much. Sandwiches are cute and begging to be diminutized. Hamstrings are another matter.
Just found out If I attend Stetson University I can work as a singing princess in Disney world while in school..def gonna apply there haha
People making out in front of my locker. Mother of god.
hahah hell yes! You are the best man! Thanks so much for coming out!
Which Oscar Party to hit up tonight???
gahhh! dad's in surgery... and its taking forever :(
I saw her mom, Tish, once :)))
Andrew.. sweet Andrew.. will you please.. sugar on top.. marry me.... by Margaret (Sandra Bullock) -The Proposal (movie)
Bestselling author will be featured at the Congressional Black Caucus Conf. in DC & the Bmore Book Festival this weekend.
Good luck, almost done! RT : Thinking of students during (ugh) finals. Hit em outta the park.
'I don't know what I've done. Or if I like what I've begun, but something told me to run. And you know me, it's all or none.' -Where I stood
damn just won blue proto drake with a 76 roll ha!
Lotus flower bomb=<3
cut copy!!! I love Andrew knowton Tuttle!!!
okay now that I can breathe... JACKLYN EWWWW eff him
what bands do you think I should cover?
A must read: The Big Short by Michael Lewis (and all his other books if you have time).
Thx for the article! Plz include a link back to the campaign - it's required for our Creative Commons photo license.
#That70sShow is on. i could watch this show all spring break, and i would definitely consider it a good week.
what a fantastic identity you've created.
LOL I think she's got what it takes ;-). Just in case remember: find a friend make a friend
lmfao and then cry
Very accomplished this week! Mailed Mother's Day packages, birthday presents, and uploaded photos.
well look at that... you guys at NACMA... pretty much rockstars ;)
wat happened to him?
Wait. I thought the First Rule was "Don't cross the streams"
WHAT HOW DO YOU KNOW
your welcome tweet heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
happy birthday to the inspirational !!
Agreed. They force an odd step in the content reading process. Would be great if there were a clear benefit to using...but nope
#thatcamp Bay Area day 2 -- coffee time!
says ... sometimes people make mistakes , and they don't mean to hurt you!! ITS PART OF BEING HUMAN.. We all make mistakes,
Just finished whatching
I wish. I need a day off.
My perfectionism gets me into a lot of trouble.
so, did you miss me today? :p
youre staying up all night?
Given hand wringing over group buying by big media of a certain age, interesting to see offer a '74% off' deal
Sarah why don't GOP try to help Congress, Obama Blaming them when He had the Veto Pin if he didn't like the Bill.
you can fall in love with all The Cab fans! :)
He say its nobody GREATER. HEY
Arrived to NYC on Feb 13 of last year. A year later 14 acting gigs booked. Broke and no money for my valentines! a life of an actor.
The hardest part of acting like you dont care, is knowing how much you actually do.
Don't blame you for putting it off. Blech.
Happy Easter Miami, May you all have a beautiful day surrounded by loving family and special friends. ;-}
Just wait 'til you bite into one of them...
Thank U 4 the inquiry. Please feel free 2 contact us at . We R vry busy rt now! Happy Thanksgiving!
Proud to be a
Yes, I am real! Thanks so much, hope you enjoy :)
Have a safe and fun NYE, everyone! I'm looking forward to a fantastic 2012! See you all on the other side, alive, safe, and happy.
Why you got to be such a hater?
Augmented Reality is going to be a big deal but it is still a young technology.
. taking over Austin....watch out world!
Hot limo drivers on the strip?
Downtown San Diego? Why not come to Dobson's for lunch. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu At 956 Broadway Circle, next to Horton Plaza
Finally... Back to normal #ESPNisBack!
bounties on my leg, team on my back
One of my students thanked me today for teaching her.
After one very delayed flight, I have finally arrived and settled in Houston for the SMPS Marketing Comm Awards Jury tomorrow. Exciting!
Dex: Love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it's probably shit. Me: OMG...HAHAHAHA I can't stop laughing...... >.<
Games are hot right now, but at a cross roads - erica gansei
Thanks for the RT! Looks like there are multiple sides to the problems of escalating #tuition rates.
I have a colleague who had a girl, then a year later had twins. Three babies, all at once. Can't imagine.
thanks for the shout out! you guys r awesome!
These days are the best..
Are you going to today's #barbecue at country digs?
get that money up girl...,,
yay! It will be good to see you!
The pup is officially down for the count. Can the Devils even it up?
Possible to get BestTechie added in the tech section? Yes/No/Maybe so? ;)
#ttw2011 Language and gesture are closely related in brain - if someone's hands are bound they will speak differently. Michael Schandorf.
And #SEC announcers say it again! What's up with that? It ain't over til it's over! Go #Gamecocks!
Love, n. A temporary insanity curable by marriage. -Ambrose Bierce-
I can't put into words how much sheer joy I have when I get to drive around on forklifts.
Still so sad that I missed last night at Red Palace, but excited for on Friday!
the versions plugin and a little scripting keeps me sane when updating #OAE's deployment list.
Recording session is in progress
your probably stressed about something that you dont realize is stressing
got you bro
*nathaniel ": I freaking hate/love how yayo can make me un-mad at him in person within 3min.."
A decision to restore the $729,750 maximum loan limit on government-backed loans likely will be made by House and Senate leaders
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!!;)
Well after a 20 point beatdown in Rupp tonight now Florida knows why The Big Blue is #1 !!! Vandy you are NEXT !!! GO CATS !!!
#keywest We play at 4pm at The Gardens Hotel today.
Probably. Plenty of men wrote romance/mystery with female pen names historically
GO 'SKINS!
thank you for the follow :D
I MISS YOU, but I'm not going to text you first cause I wanna see if you miss me more.
any plans to add tablets to your device offerings down the line?
ight tell me wha ya think
the bucks go justin blackmon at #5 b/c he is faster than a greyhound chasing a bunny.
there's a DQ about a halfmile from my house.
when I see Dower tweets like this I feel as if they're from a dad and I'm a child of his previous marriage.
That awkward moment when you laugh so hard, your eyes water and people think you're crying
how are you liking the new twitter interface...?
Shame on you. Ann Romney is a job creator who chose to stay home & hire nannies take care of her kids. It's hard work scheduling the help.
What's not to love about #nflplayoffs?
Wishing our friends a great Opening Night Gala and a sucessful start to the season with Maestro Krzysztof Urbanski!
Ran the White Oak Canyon/Cedar Run loop today. Trails are still snow covered up high.
Haha! Sadly, I don't have the experience level you're looking for. Good luck :)
I think they do. But every fan base has the right to be frustrated with not winning championships. That's the ultimate goal.
I'm taking a half day gotta register Tooty for school
made trout for dinner! 30 minute workout first
looks like I need to change my password.
way to finish em off today man!!! Fun watching u pitch... Also owning with u on 2k12 haha
Me too. All the time! RT sitting in your car until the end of a song
The real close to signing C Turiaf. I guess it beats Eddy Curry.
Favorite sub in spanish class
I hope not. Some times you have to know when to hold em.
#Tribe time now!
you liked monte ball this year...I would think 4 Tds would give him MVP of big ten championship I guess it's still a qb league
Had a great time at the NNEB Reception with Joyce Taylor. More information with the Run on August 5. Cynthia Harris
Really? Damn, what a great photographer ;) Lol, New York is the bommb-digity.. haha
Back safely from off the roof. Fixed the vent, but i'm all cold and wet :( Bedtime.
I wish families would show up on time for a visit instead of having me wait on the south side forever
Thanks David! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
the. It must really hurt to know that you never beat us honey bear.
Perhaps a controlled wildfire might be an option?
heard it's gonna be Chili this weekend.... With a side of Crackers..also add some cheese and sour cream.... Yum .. Lol :)
Food Fact of the Day: April 18, 1907, The Fairmont hotel reopened in San Francisco, 1 year after the SF Earthquake of 1906.
So glad you came to the event! Best of luck to you out in the professional PR world!
in 2008, over 11000 #Iowa #kids were victims of child abuse and neglect
And now LMFO with Sory For Party Rocking hooohoowuu
Too Blessed To Be Stressed.
I don't normally want to "choke a bitch" but in her case...I'd like to take a hatchet to it!
Crying does not make you weak it just means you've been strong for to long;
He must be hiding from somebody lol : Damn where my nigga ...my nigga aint tweeted n like some weeks
lol i miss both u guys
Success at the Cincinnati History Library & Archives! Deed for my Stephen Burrows 1815 plus material on my Wersel line.
has been hacked!
if only things were that simple
the consensus at the Collective was to just view rgj in incognito mode.
Not good start of day . Vendor bender with commerical truck , guy acting like I pulled head off his kid !
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news! We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: WEEDS
Just was on the air with the great Terry Meiners, legend of Louisville radio. Discussed horse breeding and my breeding
yo how are you about to get this paper in...you cant email it to him
i wanna go to #Tahiti !!!
hahah ok , sure
About to make this Oreo cake. Yayy!!
#movember! I am thinking of organizing a #meetup for #movember. Any ideas?
I don't I love em hahah
you're sick
Congrats ROB!
JOIN US THIS FRIDAY @ COLONY FOR THE 4TH ANNUAL "BABES IN TOYLAND" CELEBRITY TOY DRIVE & VIP AFTER PARTY!!
woot woot! Thanks for new follows: ! Help spread the #energyefficiency message to #mke!
Probably shouldn't go. I just get talkative and then sleepy when I drink. And I know someone will draw shit on my face with marker later.
Bailiff asks all spectators to leave courtroom for recess, defendant DiBernardo, visibly shaken, quickly shuffles out of courtroom.
Black Mamba aka "Living Legend" Time go get them!!!!!!
I was just passing through on my way to Wisconsin.
this is ken
I tried out zend studio 7..still based on eclipse and still slow and unusable. ..back to vim for me.
Would really like it to warm up more so I can 1) get on with #SandVolleyball 2) get on the #GolfCourse!!
great picture thanks for sharing!
depends how specialized the position is...I know at UH we have brought in people like web developers from out of town
oh, that's awesome!
Fuck it, Going in the nude. Its too god damn hot in this room -__-
What are we supposed to do NOW? Read some old Daley malapropisms and improvise?
So I'll end up doing a lot more tweeting from this page once I have more followers.
yes sir. Thanks for checking thou honey (:
New Background!! Love it<33 <U+2665><U+266B>
Wait, I'm 46. Am I the oldest person on twitter?
We have just renovated our retail area. Come check it out! While visiting, you might even want to grab a slice of pineapple cream cake.
hello Napier students.I'm writing from New York City! Now stop twittering and go back to class. Oh, it's midnight there? ~Nevermind~
Transform the library to a results focused space!
It's so ironic that the #mbta announces fare hikes on a day when so many people's commutes were so f#%*ed this a.m.
Yeah that's what makes it so amazing!
i like how pronounces "chago"
Can't wait to see do Piper's Pit on #Smackdown Tonight. That guy can still run the mic with ANY superstar EVER!!!!!!!
Thanks for the Prezi demo today
Best wishes to Phil Jackson, Kobe Bryant & the LA Lakers! Thnxs 4 the inspiration, entertainment & back 2 back Championships! UR Hollywood
(We moved everything but email off a while ago, but transferring all that email was a challenge. Props to for making it easy.)
Almost in NYC!
Final song "As" by Stevie, a jam session to talk about
New blog on the way ....
Wanna say thankz 4 all the request and adds be sure 2 check out the music!!!
Yum! Tomorrow is one dollar taco Tuesday's Honolulu by Ward
that is basically what W&M did last year. No complaints yet.
My wife wants to know the significance of the acorn. She is bloody killing me asking about it.
The Lil ladybug is writing a song about standing up to bullies called Believing. It's really good!
Why we can't have nice things. RT In order to quash the anti-transit funding groundswell, we have to quash the anti-tax mentality.
Kitaro all day :)
hanging out with my sister and her husband you?
my status was very simular to mthat yesterday, but well sadi bro.(:
is there anything wrong with eating muffins at 2 in the morning?
I like song and i love song hahaha (:
I'm almost 100% sure I'm ganna be single for the rest of my life... And I'm startin to be 100% ok with that.
Gettin my sleep in now cuz I plan to.b up most of the night studying for this final tomorrow
Is So Trill :p .
intermediate fiction writing, cultural branding, and expressive cultures: sounds. Oh wait, I forgot I have french homework lmao
GOT "NEVA END" BY FUTURE BUMPiNG iN Mi HEAD...
Tell Lee thanks for being an ethical politician. I am SO sick of these 'proclaimed' politicians and preachers.
I would just like to see how that haircut grows out.
Saw you on the cover of SWAT, nice job!!
Truth! Christ says a whole lot more about rich people as sinners than gays as sinners. Actually Christ says 0 about gays.
I never see Sherri =/ ... It's such a weird shift, 1-7
CAVITIES LAST ISSUE OF THE YEAR FROM Marius Zuets "PASSIONATE PAINTER" CHECK IT OUT! BE FOREWARNED, IT IS VERY PORNOGRAPHIC.
I love the sound my phone makes when I send a message(:
So important! MT : we hope high schoolers see benefit of being reliable, accountable to prevent
Really glad you liked it. Again, you gave a great presentation!
I second that my man, I know lots of light skinned peeps and the yaint all dat...LOL
Just cleared a spot for ,
Windows became designed as one giant exe program running. They changed the C language a little. They annoyed gurus. Gurus were wrong.
hell i cnt say da same for ha
That is so stupid....he obviously meant what he said.
#LacyTLA says Memphis is at an advantage b/c we didn't try to be the next Southern silicon valley city like Nashville & ATL
really? how?
Thanks for listening Michelle!
Tell me about it. First time, you tuck that under your right jaw, hop forward, & watch it go...6 feet
I'm upset right now. Motherfucking upset.
Haha, I love how you think everyone loves you when they all hate you. :)
Happy Mother's Day!! I hope it was an amazing day!
New Sneak Peak Album video Touchin Cloudz hit up the page in like 5 min !!!!!!!!! DOEentTV on youtube link comin soon
Apparently, no one missed me by the online marketers...sheesh
big kid was running around the dinner table talking, then just jumped up on mom's lap and started drinking. Freaked me out
Dev guys made excellent progress, esp given minimal reqs... we are just a few (relatively) short steps away from alpha release.
You made a second twitter?
Merry Christmas-Happy Hannukah to all our freinds - ENJOY!
Absolutely! RT : t4: having in-house classes and seminars of pt interest can make up for lack of SM connectivity
my hands smell like bluberry muffin cake donut. \(^_^)/
No computer all day at work and lots of meetings. Hoping I can finally get my new laptop at work tomorrow...
Nick Cant wait to see you guys on ABDC too bad in Canada we have to wait until next Sunday to see it But I bet its good
And, actually, hand-czeching is no longer legal in the NBA. When will government finally catch up to sport's ethical standards?
Down and to the left. Heres the map and the pen, the place you pointed at.
Ariana changed me from a normal girl to a cute little girly girl with red hair, tons of bows, and cute little skirts<U+2665>
hala Madrid!! Coming to the USA this summer, can't wait to see CR7 and the best football team in the world
hopes everyone can make it out to Tailgate Tuesday!!! July 6th @ 6 pm! Dan McGujiness on Demonbreun!
Looking for a nice move in GE over the next couple days!!!
did you finally meet ?
have no fear is here! NY trip is in the works.
Why wen niggas take pic they be having they chest poke out n the rest of there body stiff t'f!!!
Line was moving fast but its been moving slow now
making baked ziti that and i saw on #thechew this morning :)
Starbucks Doubleshot Mocha. Mix it with Rumchata.
lol!! You're too cool for school:-)
Is your Foundation still hiring Social Studies MS/HS TEACHERS? UoM/EMU Graduate looking to join you. You know me as SPIKE UofM
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence
It was busy last night, we lucked out and grabbed seats at the bar.
um good, just made it back to #Memphis... How u buddy?
can you change your name please cause i need my name
Lovingly blessed by the steady awakening. All is good. Good night!
thanks girl
It would start to thunder...I pray it don't storm
I'm not as dumb as the look on your face, you'll never be half the man your mama is
has anyone contacted bb and complained about gnat cheating for hours! lets all flood the cbs phone lines! lets make some noise!
Why some dudes shake hands and they hands feel too moisturized? Knuckles yo, knuckles instead... peace
TY for the RTs , , ! Much appreciated. :)
Tweeting&Eating Panelists:
Went to pick up copies of my medical records from my doc & they did not ask for my ID. Definite violation of HIPAA regulations!
what is the one thing I have to see when I visit Australia
I want to have a license to fucking shoot stupid people or at least punch them.
So hyped I recorded dude where's my car.
are performing live in the big room now!
#puthiminabodybag RT : I blame the rival sensei in karate kid for bountygate.
Three MORE I should say!
screw blog tv for the night haha
I would like to send out a very special good morning to my friend
is looking for an Account Executive - Personal Care for our NY office
I'd invest moderately. Tech changes 2 fast 2 put too many eggs in 1 basket. Also privacy concerns continue 2 erode customer trust.
I'm busy now more than ever with work and school so I will be having one of my besties, , helping me. If she'll have me ;)
please follow me(:
Thanks for the follow! Salon Doctor!!!
if it were 3:15 am and I were up the answer to your question would likely be "Skyrim now that comps are done."
very disappointing that Obama did not speak out for protections of land rights, hr and afro and indig leaders
We are still working on launching a major magical app soon - its a paid service but we are working hard to reduce your costs - stay tuned
Want to work at one of #CLE's best bookstores? RT : Loganberry Books is hiring. Send your resumes/letters along.
Lms vs. Eps will institutions let go of ownership and enable students to take ownership
I only feel like myself these days when I am wrapped in tweed.
a storms a brewin in the city of milwaukee.
do I know you or
This is drama
Your Pippen and he Jordan.. with out him you aint nothin..
i just ate a unicorn ..., jk there too pretty to eaat l0l0llllz
No, the content is already written.
It's something we've been hearing about recently, but Fong articulated it so well. Bring on the books!
...if you're like me and temporarily out of white wine, try diet coke."
It took getting to #DSum12 in #Atlanta, but it's a pleasure to *finally* meet fellow #Indianapolis marketing pro,
hm... Lemme think
Thanks for the great years. Keep being the voice of sanity in whatever work you do. Also, lobby for McGriff to be in C'town.
Don't trust words. Trust actions. I got enough action for days *Smiles*
I keep my business , my business only my success shall leak in the streets .
I just saw the Immortals it was was like the greatest movies ever, but it was weird, cause kermit was in there and miss piggy and the guy fr
I fux with people who can do backflips.
Great job on SAB I loved it. cant wait to see what happens next week
Time for bed amount
Candle lit nights are only cool 2 nights in a row. Going on 3... I want my DTE! (you like that play on letters?) and I was born in 87 ;)
Follow you won't regret it!!!!!! Romo is amazing!! So cute and fluffy
seriously in a class with one kids all throughout middle school and I told him what door to go through...bitch didn't remember me
Happy Monday! Steak and shrimp for lunch?
Receive information concerning the hazards of moving and their recommended safe practices.
Not that I ever mind watching walk by.
I have 5 fingers on my ring hand; therefore, I'm marrying one direction.
On the 210!!! Good Morning!!!
This is just the best show on tv!!
St. Michael's has a very good website. Easy to navigate, straight forward, easy to find stuff.
sometimes 2 hours depends on the church but they are not short.
Why? Perhaps the woman should just rethink where she is employeed?
Sen. Pat Toomey: "I am confident Gov. Romney will...return our country to the conservative principles that make our nation great."
hahaha. You need to get your followers up brah. You a producer whats going on? I will promo you :)
you have to do it and I can be a testimonial! At the very least, have them check a game out then do summer!
Yes, there are definitely other adjectives we could use here.
Don't tell anybody, but when I learned they built a in Mayfield Heights I squealed alot...and almost drove off the road.
you should go see act of valor
Never Say You Can't Do It Until You Try It. ***Itz Time To Take Affirmative Action***
RT :The amount of alcohol on my breath could kill bugs or midgets. #vacation // Enjoy...cheers!
soo many pornstar followers... you are not alone!
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,London, Dublin, Casablanca, Lisbon, Reykjavik Stayi Alive! Time toSUCK FACE BABY!!! OH HELL YEA!!
": Going home today, gotta start this homework" knock it out!! Hard work pays off
Just got the new spoiler installed...lip for a on on Wednesday!
what can u do? Nothing!
Big day! Tommy Shriver won the 6th grade turkey trot race at his school!!
ah just woke up <U+263A>
ouups.. look at my icon.. we're kissing. Thihihhii. Love you!
Parent trap is on... Best movie! The butler is my favorite character.
yep, it's time for the biting and punching from the press.
awesome. right when I wanted milk with my donuts....It's frozen. COOL!
Hanging out at the pool watching cutie pies watch me...
in that game. Yes. But if #SportingKC is online I'm staying home...
your welcome, looking forward to ur tweets:-)
I know that when you make a bunch of money illegally you should keep a low profile
Alan Berkman also spent his internship year in med school treating victims of Attica uprising.
That's a wrap on the show for today! Check back with Troy tomorrow at 10am for all of your #MiamiHeat coverage on 640 Sports.
HB1136 on the Senate floor
Didn't get a name for this weed i copped, but ima call it "Rain Cloud Kush" Blackish, ashy buds and shit. But it smokes good haha
need help in the back line? That's quite laughable.
OMG... Now he is a certified Magical Negro! The award says so!!! Congrats Morgan
I wonder who will be our 900th follower...
ross bro!!
Why not capture Osama instead of kill him? Why did they wait since last summer to raid the compound?
My chocolate cravings are absolutely out of control during finals time
pork skins...yummy
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 55F FAIR
There are other issues afoot. It's on the "gov amended" list. We're not there yet.
Nothing like working from bed on a cold Wednesday morning. I haven't done this in a long time.... And I'm not sick!
i cant wait!!!!
YOU are hilarious!
You DID?! I didn't hear that part. Hell yeah! You bad.
Stop by Diva Soho to watch the game today!! (6pm Uruguay vs Peru) (8:00p Mexico vs Chille)
Yes. Very sad, and organizational structure still doesn't value museum educators
your poor voice
I love Jordan Summer
nuff said Big Red! Too damn funny#Go Kings
Even Michelle winced at that milk joke. In POTUS' defense, Malia swore it was her best material.
I think I will cancel my next flight and drive the 800 miles. That way I can keep my shit!
That's it I'm convinced. My mom loves her pups more than me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> too bad her mothers day gift is non fucking refundable <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
too bad #Julia doesnt have a rich daddy.
Lowkey salty I'm not makin it to see at skullys on weds... some shit always happen, everythime he's in columbus
-in my clique. You are recieving this email because I think you have what it takes. TALK TO NO ONE ABOUT THIS. Or else. Luh-ve, Massie."-
OPA searches & catalog records can be shared via email & social media! And users can register to do tagging!
I think all of is! What a cutie. Keep us posted on Tinyguy's new name!
How many times will I watch The Departed? Getting ridiculous #loveit "two pills..why don't you just get me a bottle a scotch & a handgun"
heheh i'm happy 2 hear that ! :) heheh it's owkaay <U+2665> >> how was your day ?? xox
u comin to Rochester n.y.?!
#guesswhatiheard i know 1 of my b-day presents. i heard my aunt she is going to give me tickets i only get to bring one person
The only way Wikipedia articles get better is when people with knowledge share content. Go for it!
Because he's BRILLIANT! lmao
I'm at Traffic Court challenging a ticket I got in June
Hunger Games holding onto #1, Titantic 3D and American Reunion battling it out... I think Leo/Kate will take it.
Students use Wikipedia first but do not cite it in their papers
:{ you serious?!
Do not use "Whoomp! There it is!" unless it actually is there
if you want to use it in the future! :)
We didn't present at the middle schools, just had a table outside the caf. Was great to see him! :D
Let's Go TEXANS!!!!!
awesome news! Please let me know if you ever visit Seattle! Didn't have chance to connect with you last Sat...
Education Update
An update to my Flash player is available! Cool!!
It's weird how a cute little puppy walking into my room can make me feel better <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
¡Horalé New York! Of course Latinos support gays. Haven't you seen the colors in our custom paint jobs?
Everything isn't for everybody. If every basketball fan could get in the NBA, who would sit in the stands? Who'd buy the jerseys?
He's only 1 kitty. Will you have availability June 5 - 11?
True that!
And happy mother's day (if applicable) to you Colleen!
missed this earlier, r u still out and about? Come to 1517 Marion St, NW BTW P & Q & 6th & 7th
TY! How was your visit? RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College Blvd,...
Fina Gt Out N A Few Gotta Pay Dese Tickets
Long day...I need to charge my phone & have a cold one
Did you play the Bigge song "Going Back To Cali" on the plane?
Don't stick your tongue out unless you plan to use it.
Things get lost in the winds. What is important is as air.
Back from my college trip...home sweet home : D
Sleepover tonight w !¡
lol u kno it!! Maybe u will see some Hawks players there. Lol! They like to go there too.
follow back again? [x lol I don't even remember unfollowing you? O.o
you should visit! It's so beautiful right now. I stopped 5 times on my run to take pics, not very productive.
About to head out to our shoot today with !
This nigga think he clean your snapback fake and you got on uspa non cool
Nikki's party was Amazing! BEST NIGHT EVER!<3(:
Big announcement on the Today Show tomorrow from ! Thoughts?
Senator Brown has volunteered to be the Simple Child.
Big road win for the last night. Notice the assist differential. When you move the ball around good things happen.
yeah sure go ahead be a jerk... cause thats how you get your way in life. I SWEAR GUYS ARE CRAZY! -_-
Wednesdays are great days for me to meet for breakfast or dinner.
FINALLY FUCKING DONE
dont worry about people who dont like you focus on people that do!!
Ignore ignorance. Calling someone classless and a female dog in the same sentence doesn't show class. Don't let it bother you.
How are you all ?
A great time last night at Mulligans 64. Going downtown early for the grizzlies game.
sadly, I would agree and I think I have also seen that statistic. Developmental Delay encompasses many "things" in this group
What up peeps
On the plane headed to #sfaa11. Can't wait to be in Seattle. Going home is awesome. (^v^)
happy 30th of april.
How'd it go today?
LADIES earn $ at THE EROTIC .com for more info 310-806-2123
trying not to freak out about the angry guy in an army surplus coat doing tai chi and 'geometric exercises' at the airport.
followed back! =) did you get a chance to check out my music?! =D
The street tacos just happened to be at the bar w/ my fave jukebox. I was mostly craving my fave jukebox. But...
Pitti: There are two degrees of separation from J. Robert Oppenheimer to Groucho Marx, through T. S. Eliot.
I feel ya girl, I feel ya
Saturdays! Rain or Shine going to be a packed night! Come through if you have no plans. & Get It
enjoying the sound of the Eric Schneider trio and reminiscing about Ted and Helen Peterson
wants to be a Muppet. Not sarcastically, either.
The pod is always better when Rog and Mickey sit down in the same room.
hook your hand after. Keep it up. RT nd a follow plz.
haha i wouldnt pay 2 dollars to look at mrs precious !
Only 22 days till Halloween...woo who
hey guys if i'm not following you back hit me with a tweet and i'll be sure to do it!
And sometimes it's simply a choice between working for the money to pay rent and eat or volunteering.
"No iPods in school" yeah, like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
Ok you're like the 3rd person I know that recently went down in a skating ring lol.
Never mind. Nash st was a bust. Just walk to
Can I get more Followers. Can you pass that on cause I have been on the low of followers. Thanx you
Folding - Now get to baking!
shag rag!
i'll just fire games vs you, not sure about anything like that
Getting ready to meet up with Gonna be a good night! Lets do this!
Snails see the benefit, the beauty in every inch.
Have already reached my weight loss goal for the week...time to recalculate.
Romeo & Juliet head ass . Lol sorry . But honestly if the person means do much . You'll go through whatever it takes :)
So, the same players who were picked in the top 3 in the draft also finished in the top 3 of the Heisman vote.
LMAO quit reporting and start cheering.
damn mane my bre is grown now :(
Do not believe in talking about your work. Let it speak for itself. I'd rather earn money than just speak about my business.
Thinking about failed city planning in Denver this evening for over an Elk Mountain Wapiti Wheat at
Hey! Miss you too! I'm doing pretty good. I just got home yesterday from visiting my grandpa in Florida. How are you? =)
Thinking about picking up a bike and bar mount. have you tried one?
edit: she says "ducks don't have a throat or esophagus." how do these people pass science classes?
had to pull a card and now all I here is *crickets*.....
le cry! Luckily for you is making Sunday open to the public (-:
Yea....He puts it down on "Love Is Stronger Than Pride!!"
Which was your favorite? Trick question. The 4 from me. Duh.
They r talking about race on LaLa's court I say hey date whoever makes u happy but happy 2 c Lala trying to prove Hino wrong :)
#Brokenhearted by is #19 on Ryan Seacrest's American Top 40 Radio :)
This data plan <<<
Call backs are being made....stay tuned!
Somebody cooked food and brought it in to work guess who's not eating any.
Embracing spring by purchasing patio furniture- on sale, of course! Tonight it's wine and grilling out back.
Hey! Alma Mater's playing on national TV; that's not something you see every day.
Lack of sleep make you feel tired and affect your eating habits. Adequate sleep is essential for your overall health and well-being.
just got done with an exceptionally successful social meeting at Engine 11.
Isabela calls ours "squid" and spritzes it judiciously.
Yeah, I reserve right to decide someone's not being stright & split. Deal, dude. You've decided you are the arbiter of a lot of >
Sarah Parcak: We found 3100 new archeological sites in Egypt undiscovered using the space-archeology techniques.
Chillin before work tomorrow
lookin for the kings to win this series over phx just because i went to a game when i was in LA
Sites we love: - we'd love you to follow us too!
”Never try to teach a pig to sing: it wastes your time and it annoys the pig.” - Paul Dickson
Just send an email to with the details. Thanks! CC:
RT - The cleveland indians need to go ahead and win something this year
follow me ? Pleasseeeeeeee (:
RT Golf yesterday, 4 inches of snow today. Gotta love Colorado in the springtime.
Just had a 30 second discussion with myself about the day of the week. I came to the conclusion that it's Wednesday not Tuesday
oh well Sunny is a million times better than YOU!!!
"WAIT FOR IT.. WAIT FOR IT..... THERE IT IS!!" Everytime this dude walks past lmfao... everytime.
bring on the sunshine, the hell with the red wine, pour me some moonshine;
Thanks for the follow!
oh. I guess when you block someone it takes them off the TL. Good. Lol.
Back at Hadlock for the the first day of the final homestand......my first tweet from work. Oh, this is an exciting way to spice up my day.
He's racking up the awards! My client Len Rosen's thriller, ALL CRY CHAOS was chosen as a "10 Must Read 2012" by Mass Book Awards. Go, Len!
Hot day in Oklahoma 106
oh yay! Have fun! I'm sure you'll love it XD
As we all continue shake our heads at the VMAS, I continue to laugh...
where do u live?
I enjoy walking up to ppl getting their full attention for no reason and walking away
we have a free report that will help you screen a property early in the transaction for env. risks rather than later!
#NeverShouldYouEver get mad at me for not txtn back you txtd all slow and shit my fone doesnt work with fossil minutes.
some people who work for espn are tweeting about it, so far I've seen and
where you at?? We are out side the entrance.
Omg this beer thing is freaking me out!
I told u Instant Pay was fun. Now its time 4 u n ur friends to get sexy bout it.
Uh oh, Indiana is on top.
Jay Leno show is really dumb. Trust us, you're way better off at the bar.
love your new twitter page! :)
ya think!!!
5 Lovely Followers Away From 300! Do You Think One of You Fabulous Followers Could Give me a Shoutout? (:
Here, here!
“: I think that we need a Firefly reunion!! ! Can you say Sangria?!?! <U+E056><U+E057><U+E106>” let's set itup
it's ok to tweet ur lines. rt Filming today on a brand new TV project. Only problem is... woke up w no voice! Oh crap!
in the last month, SB has been tipped in varying forms such as: alcohol,cash, gum,brownies,pizza,and commercial fireworks...We dig this gig
<333 love you
Virus knocked out my windows box. Ubuntu live cd and a thumb drive recovered all my files. Wife letting me install Linux for good!
Nothing good last forever , why thooo.
Ran my #5k in 22:38. Last mile ran pissed cause a guy cut me off. Chased him down passed him & yelled at him at the finish line.
Haha! Me too, I share your enthusiasm for not winning! RT : YAY. I WON NOTHING.
this is awesome
oh boy! An absolutely stunning engagement ring regardless!
There's no chance the movie Lockout w/ Guy Pearce & the annoying blonde from Lost is going to be any good.
That's gory
Lebron James is really good in the clutch
Want to watch a sporting event instead of pregame talk? #Mammoth game against airs on at the top of the hour.
When we aren't watching a movie first period <
Thinks Joshua 24 is really legit! Are you going to serve idols or serve God?
I don't think this many black men have ever been in Radio City at the same time, but anyway congrats to all the NFL draftees!
Level 8 is ridiculous! I only know Best Buy!
If you like my work please like this page. Help support me in finding foster/rescues homes!
Lots of actors moving to LA, it seems. Is it a smart move for you?
Travis of course.
Birthday shopping for me!!! Yay.
Yes. Yes they do.
finally used this twitter crap again after over a year. And....?
Good night sacramento. Should be a beautiful day in the river city. Old Sacramento, trains, and the river. #awesome come out!
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim.
I never understood why people always got mad when they heard about someone talking behind their back...
Don't think I've ever seen a low seed, nevermind an 8, dispatch of the top two seeds this handily.
#Simpsons 500th episode = free cake in the Cafe....thanks !
There is no #carmageddon, but there will be an aPOPcalypse in Hollywood starting August 4th, lead by a Beelzebub with a voice like butter.
i wish they had a fitness area in our local park, like a chin up bar ect, it would be awesome
you are the cutest ever!!!! Love ya chica! Great pic :)
Life of science cd release November 6
#primaryschoolconfessions art class was insane and we were always covered in paint and glue!
Looks like your article is duplicated - at the end it starts over from the beginning again. Editorial mistake or April fools?
Will be back in Vegas for wsop, not sure on names
okay. ill check later just to be sure :p omg I know me too.!!! blahhaahaa:D shit better be good lol
Facebooking, tweeting, designing a website, and creating an online tutorial all at the same time. I'm an expert multitasker!
Getting drunk and watching Casablanca, tshirts can wait. Fuck it.
just realized I'm wearing my mistletoe belt buckle; I must be feeling lucky
you forgot
If you worked 8 days in a row and 60 hours over the course of a week, you'd be a little cranky too...
Shannon... You're not tryin to blame the Nuggs winning on Kobe being sock are you?
Goodnight :) hoping that 2morrow will be way better than today
POTUS acknowledges that both parties are to blame right now. But will anything change?
Add a sit-up to the "Russian Twist" to not only target your obliques, but all the layers of abdominal muscle.
wasn't much better on the beltway!
Why can't I feel anything from anyone other than you?
Turned in some things for my job:) Now going to print off some pictures for my grad invites!
I hate explaining my self to ppl that don't get it
Skypeing with the best boy friend evr!!!!
Mr. Ritzman is a target....
Green Papaya Salad and Riesling for Mother's Day - Wine Spectator
thank you!! Love you so much Nikki<3
its saturday,im alone,drunk,and fuckin snappin hard
Do the john wall i wanna see it ;D <3
At the #ToyotaGrandPrix.. let the racing begin! ;)
Joined the crowd and mad-men'd myself... maybe I should actually watch the show sometime
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to learning more about using tablets as part of our homeschooling!!
that is why Paterno hasn't stepped down. Same thing happened to Bear Bryant, retired and died less than 6 months later.
...trying to decide which headshots to pick from! Kenneth Dolin gave me a good bit of workable shots there!
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
yes. It's a mouse that doesn't have a ball inside. If not used on a flat surface, the cursor spazzes out on the screen.
It's me, so decide away!
Getting ready to go to dinner with my family while watching nightmare before christmas again :-) <3
My day started out with my whole mug of coffee spilling all over my desk
Had a great experience at Vic's last weekend. Blogging about it!
I had the BEST day exploring... Rodeo Dr, Beverly Center, Sunset Blvd... Looking forward to learning more about the city.
I'd bet were a formidable South Bay roller hockey force
Revolutionary But Gangsta
-- thanks for the follow. I lived in Ventura from 1956 - 1962!
Coffee consumption commonly is about a third that of tap water in most of North America & Europe.
Excited to play Easter with you brother Rosen :)
I know right! lol
lakers fan by default.... but im down wit it
did you know MC Donald's Smoothies has no added sugars
not watching but am assuming you're talking bout delpo... Man CAN play, can't he?! He's not just 'big guy big serve' the end.
You have lovely thighs, btw.
Children: U spend the 1st 2 yrs of their life teaching them to walk & talk. Then u spend the next 16 yrs telling them to sit down & shut-up.
"THE GUTTER", now thats some real shit someone real needs to jump on. Much Love & Peace to you and your work
models!! I wish your tweets weren't protected so I could retweet that!!!!
Hot Heads & Cool Claws is now doing ear piercing!!
aint no queens around my way.
Does anybody use their Technorati score as a success metric for their museum's blog?
I can't get on tumblr at this moment but can u tell the othe person to follow me or the email:)
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. ~ Abraham Lincoln (my mantra)
goodnight sweet dreams robert :)
Anybody know when we play next?
hell yeah heard the good news I'll see you in the pub duderino. Drinks all around!!!!
The person on the far right is Matthew Collins. I think the one on the left is with or #greenmedia but not sure.
feelin better bout things....um ya dont wanna go to school but i gotta!!! to think only 5 more years of this crap..then college!!! ugh!!
Looking like TFT dept. doesn't want to have Spring 24 Hour Festival. For that to change, it will have to come from student body.
Come enjoy this beautiful day on our patio!
I'm looking for people to talk about how the city really is and maybe show us places that have caused those problems.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl
Dear God, Thank you for creating the following items: Streaming Record, pause, fast fwd and rewind buttons Your follower, Cristina
fuiste a la school...
Thanks very much! Looking good!
Happy Easter, people.
We're at the ribbon cutting and opening ceremony! Are you?
"A daily routine built on good habits and disciplines separates the most successful among us from everyone else. The routine is exceptionall
Now Hiring... Territory Portfolio Manager - Boston www.brown-forman.com/careers
I wanna spend the whole day in my bed
= killer ... The Young Electric , check these guys out!!!!
i got my first pay check<U+2665>
fun ! You'll kill it , can't wait to watch !
Get bak on my music shit
your lazy it won't be that far
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> Wishing him a Happy Birthday too..
“: thanks for the follow!” back at you!!
awesome! #nowlistening to your bandcamp. After school you will have to come check out
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. im quiet and sweet, but also i'm loud and rude
double D...:P
#YouNeedToStopIt I went to church & I asked my friend about the sermon, he said "I was following the game play-by-play in my phone" why go?
Finally going to sleep!!!
too bad i dont work at the food court no more...what kinda jobs have u had b4?
when & where?
getting tutored for this math eoc <<<
lol we all do. So don't feel too special ;-)
lol that's hilarious.
The awkward moment when you shout out a wrong answer confidently in class!
How's that taste ville?
I agree. I was so inspired by the students & world leaders. My student was transformed. I am still riding high from the day
The #Penguins are frauds, the #Bruins own the #flyers get past the #Caps and I like the chances
Just realized 4/20 is on friday
Mr.G better take us out for pizza
Lol. Hypocrite claims to oppose violence, then supports making threats. Typical bigot.
Not responding until someone's asked you twice = one of the most irritating policies I've ever heard of.
true. I should be recruiting on here too. Wanna take a survey? :P
yeah read my bio
Funny cause I just plodded thru another book -- took a week to read but I read Overseas in a day. I WILL read it again.
Me too. Me too.
Ah, thanks. There's also a ugandan self-assessment report for parl compliance... obviously was confused :)
": Very impressed by - so engaging w/ no charts, no notes, no teleprompt #ibmimpact" >storytelling is powerful!
BINGO BANGO!!!! Give me another Ginger Ale!
Follow me buddy
Drove past a Culvers tonight (in Phoenix)- instead of a flavor of the day, board read "welcome to AZ Peyton!" can't make this stuff up!!
DJ Soulstrings will officially be the opening DJ for the Full Bloom dance party! wut wutttttt!
rocks!! Thanks again and for the great chat tonight!
I just posted group assignments on the course wall.
It's 'la bella luna' from Moonstruck. The moon makes the man come to the woman. aka 'Cosmo's Moon'.
& are like Macs and PC's. Visalus has an inferior product, but better marketing. Sucralose...really?
LOL. You never cease to crack me up.
Gearing up to hear some tips from a #professionalwriting panel today, campus,11:30 in SEL RM 060.
oh come the fuck on
Seriously I hate that....morning after looking at the HORRIBLE drunkface photos you took are devastating. Get 'em down NOW.
still a good photo though
I'd travel (and have traveled) all over to see and the Royal City Band but you can't beat seeing them for free in my backyard!
Getting ready for filming...
I'm making it my mission to memorize bridesmaids like I did mean girls.
yep I'm on it right now!! Thanks
what for the official #PMBLallstarweekendBeachBash at North Shore beach club
needs a curator. Someone to go through and take all the shit videos down.
will i be seeing you on 'Big Rich Texas' in a few years?
In for the Dead Space 2 raffle!
if it ain't loaded and cocked it don't shoot.
#chessmoves has them
Other than wishing all my friends a happy Memorial Day weekend...
How do you get your creative juices flowing?
I'm on a countdown for when I get my braces off. 9 days!! :D
Thanks for the RT's!
now flowing, BAD!
One full day of setting up MacBook air, iMac, 2 printers, outlook, email synching, calendars, Dropbox, iCloud for my uncle's business. Phew!
we will take care of these mahomies in San Antonio, until you guys come back! i cant wait. i love <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
FOOD TRUCK WARS Bringing it to Oviedo on March 31st 2012 Noon to 6pm. 40 Food Trucks from all over the State, live music, more Come Hungry!
gotcha. I'll remember that.
Glad to see the sox aren't throwing in the towel but how does Manny fit on this team
I was rushing sorry:o
craving froyo and bubble tea something fierce at the moment. after work treats!
Birthday dinner with some excellent folks. Then it's air hockey time.
Thanks for the follow Arman! Hope you have a nice week :)
Kenny G is the Dane Cook of saxophone.
Good point! :)
look who I found..
One of the best processes to get cash flow to manage your business can be accounts receivable factoring.
I'm working towards my Master's in Arts & Humanities Studies in Literature and the Holocaust Studies at UT Dallas.
#JohnnyWalker has taken first place in Brands by Value, a list of the world's 50 most valuable drinks brands.
CONGRATS!! RT : So proud of my teammates 4 the way they fought. Great win. And so happy for #clipnation thanks for the support!
I am hearing from teachers that students are driving change as they progress through sch, slow change but demanded
The choice has always been yours...So determine what you want in life and go after it.
Of course it works! That's why we're building this unique prayer-app: www.birdofprayer.org
“: .aww thats good im tel Avery we need to make a trip out there” sholl do!!
me too :( what sucks is schools going to be super ridiculous starting this week so I won't see you : /
you should bring on torres from like... 3.5 years ago
I know that feeling. Akin to grew a goatee or shaved their head.
Excellent event. This slideshow is an excellent reminder of the assets of the region! Go Cincinnati!
so now you know my secret, can't say a word. or I'll spill yours. ba ha ha :D
uh shut up and come home already, I'm boredd
Keep doing what you do Jameer!
RT Good Morning! (:
World's most unreliable boyfriend award.
yee but im not like a directioner and you ?
Jobless rate for people 25+ with bachelor's degree drops to 4% in April (from 4.2%). High school grads: 7.9%. No high school diploma: 12.5%
RT : Roz, so glad creative authors like you are interested in Bublish. We'll keep you posted pre-launch.
Trying to decide whether to finish ME2 a 2nd time with the decisions I want to bring into ME3, or just break down & play ME3 from scratch.
That sounds amazing! I can't wait to see it!
. It fascinates me that the publishes you along with a columnist who think a sports team should be called NY Niggers.
they shall build statues in honor of my righteous singing.
Don't ever take love, life, family or health for granted!! These are the reasons to get out of bed each day :)
she's showing positive signs RE treatment and her body's response to the cancer. She just hit her 1 yr diagnosis anniversary
No one wants to step up and win this game, clearly.
At the National Market Traders Federation cannual conference-interesting sessions on retail apprentiships as market traders
Damn you wikipedia & youtube for your tempting and never ending supply of free information, you aren't helping my insomnia!
Broke the seal
With just over 5 weeks remaining until our 2012 Climb on March 24th, we have raised $39,923, 30% of our goal of $135,000.
Thanks so much!
get ready to throw stuff at your screen for this bungals pick
2 the bucket boys on 87th, love your music, hate you are not n school. advice 2 u when hustling use a clean bucket, you might get more tips
Help me!!My MacBook is running SO slow!I havent dwnloaded anything & I tried clearing cache & everything. Any1 know what else I can do?
For the best sports Twitter accounts follow and
Tip: use the manufacturer’s recommended grade of oil which can improve fuel economy by 1 - 2%.
follow back!
yes I'm officially an adult now!
I wish i could be with my amazing gf all day ! :/
So great seeing you TWICE yesterday!! Xx
Great talking with March's #ygenentrepreneur AJ Thomas about social entrepreneurship! Hear what she says next Weds.
I am being tested. Gotta ace this test.
I will always be me. Emotions may change but feelings dont.
Good morning! It is going to be a hectic day.
like I'm one of his his bby mamas fck outta here
to them pear means thick they're not educated it gets annoying I understand
Great New's Everyone SNOCLOTHING Teamed up with the sickest Energy Drinks on the Globe. Cocaine Energy Drinks. drinkcocaine.com
...And perhaps get feedback from you online and maybe from a GA?
Trying mcdonalds new "daily double"...
parents dont know hw to raise kids no more.
How about we honor our military? The Marines? Oh I have an idea, Military Appreciation Night tomorrow at 8pm! Benefiting Toys for Tots!
I have sparatic lyric syndrom.... I randomly spit lyrics from random songs
Church in a few.
#iOS app store "developer advocates" (support) are about as helpful as sand in my eye.
Living in Cream & Crimson country you have no idea how much I want this to happen.
yay okay! good luck girl :)
Go on with Bob Fescoe tomorrow please!
Assembling invitations, calligraphy on envelopes, a few wedding projects & details for this weekend - WHEW! This girl is one busy bee!!!!
yo hit me up
Looking for #Solaris and #Linux Engineers for an exciting company in the Seattle metro area.
Did You Eat The Nutella On Your Birthday Mommy? XD Did You Get Crazy Or Hyper? XD
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches. - Play Alganon
Agreed : I think perhaps measuring "learning" (whatever that means) is too abstract
Check out "Dear Puppy..." here: www.boydavid.net
ditto over here. So your list is getting longer by the minute =)
lol I cannot take it anymore these losers wont stop!
We make mistakes when we compare with the past instead of the possible -Daniel Gilbert (Stumbling on Happiness)
When you are grateful fear disappears and abundance appears ~Anthony Robbins RT
Friends w/ kids: is hosting a fantastic free event for families this Saturday at Olivewood Gardens. I'll be there to help!
Where the hell are Joe Pesci & Danny Aiello? We need an Amber alert for aging Italian character actors.
yeah, and I had to wait a few minutes, nothing out of the ordinary. El Nino was pretty yummy!
Totally sucked into reading YELP reviews for other cultural destinations in our city - the good, the bad, and the ugly.
{yawning} Good morning!
I don't normally get too excited over seeing actors, but totally psyched to see at TAN tonight! Loved you on Ugly Betty! Ahh!
These damn spiders in my house actin like they pay rent -___-
#FF our favorite #Quitter so far , like we always say, Quitters always prosper.
I'd be a fool now to worry about all those things I can't change.
“: …more please” < That's what she said.
@ Bristol watching the games & races
The Hobbit is fun but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
just waiting for someone to understand
S/O to dr.voight for being a cunt licker and taking me off of zofran completely. I'm so done being sick.
5 day forecast looks favourable for you and the other #ByteNight teams
Let the red carpet fun begin! I LOVE awards season!
LeBron James just hit a big shot in the 4th quarter.....
Want to see #womaninblack today. Too scary??
We are giving away a $5000 trip to Ireland tonight!!! Party has already started!
glgl ship it
#Workaholics on netflix.
RT : If you're a History Teacher please RT this message (complete with hashtag) so we can build up a network!
also...go blackhawks!
:D i am happy
In my sleep it's haunting me, in my waking hours it's haunting me. Gotta fight back, gotta break free.
the play e1t1 in a few mins.
not any good ones
missing having my boyfriend next to me :/
sweet thanks. How often has the 4/800 been running?
I will have to check that out. Liking tweetdeck so far, but may have to use Hootsuite at work as I can't download stuff.
Wow thank you professor for making every question on that final from chapter 1...aka the one chapter I didn't study much of... -.-
Looking good girl! Can't wait to admire your awesome new do in person :)
Looking forward to checking out the new #FCPX update. Seems to be addressing many of the concerns I had...
anyone have ideas for a stand to turn iPad2 into a document camera?
No more US history taught at CA universities? Where does #santorum get his non-facts?
Conference preparations are underway!
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Team Homeless Voltron: I assume we all are going to see the Avengers together this weekend, no? We're long overdue so let's make this happen
Hi, Val. Long time, no see. Hope all is well. Coffee sometime - catch up.
Is it still cool to put your bday date as your name? Well I'm going to do it later anyways ---> June 2
Devils vs Rangers tomorrow let's go Devils!!!
I don't like it when people call me a "stalker" idk why but it bothers me
Why must I always loose friends? Wtf...
now following
Destroy doubt...Instill courage!
lol unfortunately not.
Just rewatched #spiritedaway and still can't believe what an amazing record of life in customer service it is!
Amazing, right? Wow. Who would have ever thought?
Sorry for the redundant tweets: issues with crosspostings!
I hope it's raining where is today.
Thank you, Kirk! Have a great weekend!
today in 1986, #VladimirHorowitz returned to his homeland #Russia to perform, after being away for almost 60 years.
Adios DOOK!!! UPS made a bad bet.
Cash them in for rewards! Where do you have the most points so far?
Thank you for the kind words. I love you and the girls always
I want to start going to Youth Group again ..
presented at #Finovate Spring 2012 yesterday.
thanks so much! I will try, rough life here in Scottsdale ;)
84-67 #Pacers running this show! Completely great performance.
no school for me tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
Clippers getting that ass tap
haha stalker lol you should have joined!
...down through condoms and orange peels, mosaic of floating newspapers, down into the silent black ooze with gangsters in concrete...
YOU SURE ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY
40% everything printed on earth is touched by Kodak Nancy Carr Kodak PR
Thanks for the shoutout sry 4 the late response, hope you had a great T-day!
Any 1D fans follow us? TWEET ME NOW!
Also, it's a pre-paid account, thus E-Z is already collecting interest on *your* money.
is you working todayy?!
It's a beautiful day at IUPUI. Come to the library and check out a book!
Act like you expect to get into the end zone. -Joe Paterno
Thanks for following us!
Nail Salon Infections in news today again - yuck. To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!
Final day of #phametour with buses - PHAME student Andy, with tears, says "this means so much to me, to be on this tour. Thank you."
RT "I know when it is time to make a strategic retreat." -- Perry.
45degrees in Chicago<U+E416>
Spencer is a loser
anyone have any high quality barossa rec's?
your welcome! Enjoy it!
crying my freakin' eye balls out :'(
hope so!! If enough people want me to come
went to iHop with this morning!
I paraphrase Churchill badly: "Democracy is the worst of all the forms of government, but is better than all the other options."
"You have 2 realize that the people that criticize you the most R often the ones that are most afraid that you're going to do something big"
You're wonderful, ! When's pub date for IN NEED OF A GOOD WIFE? Can't wait to read it.
Happy Birthday!! Perfect weather!
Hi hi!!! COme next year, please!!
BEEN ON TWITTER FOR AWHILE AND STILL TRYNA LEARN THIS SHIT! LMAO!!!!
If you're driving n on interstate 5 rt now crash near Holgate s of 90 has left 2lanes closed merge right
You can only comment. I had just heard about the contest recently
Philly Park to open up poker room in 2 weeks...Always great to have options!
Unruly Music festival countdown 3: composer/pianist Christopher Jones' intensely layered realization of Cage's "Solo for Piano" on March 9.
My wife sat down on the settee next to me as I was flipping channels. She asked, 'What's on TV?' I said, 'Dust.' And then the fight started
haha... welcome to the racing world!
M&A Tip of the Day- watch out for common deal killers: Price & Valuation, Allocation of Risk, Terms & Conditions. These points are crucial!
At the beach with (:
Thanks! I'm excited officially to be part of the MJP, and to see where we can take it.
Chaos-before-order..............I think that's my middle name.
. Thanks for all the super yummy food! There's so much to eat!
yayyyy you watched! Thanks Z baby!
are you a psychic? First David Lee and the Warriors now I see the headline 'Anthony Davis to be added as finalist for Olympics'
ohh, sorry. I saw this last night when I was out and I forgot to answer!
Crossing my fingers gets to race today. Crew worked a long night last night to repair a piece that broke. Anxious for the verdict.
yes please :) dinner tonight?
Tonight at 7PM (735 E. 44th St.) Let's PRAY for the "Survival of our Church!" This PROPOSED "New Development" can threaten our existence!
oh i got u hell yea bro lets do this!
Go #Virginia. 3 teams in NCAA b-ball and #transvaginal ultrasound for ALL women. What about womans' #healthcare, Virginia? Go
m wine so sweet, help me sleep.
Another hit at the 1 and only
edit. render. edit. copy, paste, save. edit. edit. render. edit. save.
Putting my swim suit on and my hoochie shorts and sitting down by the lake with a book!
I think Ride On might have like one Orion VI, but otherwise I think Metro is the only one that owns them around here.
Spent the evening recording cultists chanting for next month's soundpack. It's gonna sound awesome.
why not? hahah just followed you ;)
WE'd love to see you in while you're in town!
They're brothers.
WOW DID you SEE today!
Yeah, I'm kind of a groupie
Can you follow me back ??? (:
Our last full day in Maui, sideways rain, 30 mph winds & our luau for tonight just got canceled. At least we saw sun for 5 hours yesterday.
Dear Mom, Today its been 5 years since I last saw you. A lot has happened in my life & the best is yet to come. Save me a seat in heaven :)
Thanks Inna! I'm so excited
Talking to helly made my day <3
I'm sorry, but you telling me I can't do it, just makes me more motivated, tell me I can't and I'll prove to you I can.
For if we do not labor and trade with good deeds, we extinguish the light of God that is in us. Explanation of Matt. 25:6-13
Look at me jay walk, cop bitch!
We can't wait either!
I thought I was finished. I was wrong...
So glad you enjoyed your meal! How was your evening?
That exciting moment when Not Your Birthdays plays in the movie Prom and I start freaking out :)
hates me like everyone else. :-(
u people really hav to follow this girl knows whats she is tweetin u follow her and i'll follow u
Back in London town. Going to see some theatre!!! Nothing like a good night of inspiration...
Now following just because I ROCK VANS TOO.
I can't wait until the iPhone 5 comes out ....
Thanks for following : )
RT : “When you are grateful fear disappears and abundance appears” ~Tony Robbins
You're a choking hazard with Small parts(;
RT : I was choosing my password for my new computer last night, I tried Liverpoolfootballteam but apparently it was too weak.
Ho Ho Ho ! Oink Oink Oink ! Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas from all of us at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
The Eye definity has it
whats good hun? Heard you are going to be in Pittsburgh at #Blush in May. See you there
This week 3 years ago, I was at home recovering from surgery. Today I am 3 years cancer free. Life is good. :-)
That's when I thank God I married a computer nerd.
I HATE YOU MORE
"they say i need to get straight As, but I dont want to" whats that song called? i <3 it but i cant find it, even on youtube!
We would love to attend the HBCU Foreign Policy Conference! Is there an agenda posted or more info? Pls send to
New post: Removable Air Vent Mount For Magellan GPS
Interested in a Startup Weekend in Milwaukee? Let's start the conversation using the hashtag #SWMilwaukee Please RT!
In the middle of a root canal. Not how I wanted to spend my day!
west side story is about gangs in the west side of new york but there was romance also
Devils on the attack but Rangers are having much better shots on goal
wearing your lil bros tight ass shirt is a
so sumbody got pieced up at Circle K!
In other words, why aren't we teaching in ways that correspond with how the minds of diff students are wired to learn?
Cause you're so big right? :D
to the money even on the weekend
Thank you for following us. Please Visit us at www.entrepreneurschoolforkidsinc.com for a better look into our school.
Man, I'd like to place my hand on that sexy and and squeeze.
Friday day!
#GiveObamaCreditFor... Fast tracking Immigration for people here while slowing it down for people abroad.
That's really sad... :(
Hee hee. Awesome. Congrats to your parents!
nice legs
I'ma be in the bay ! Why whats going on ?
what?? Idk cus u def can get more then 1 of course only1 at a time like u can't do a quantity of more then 1 at a time I think
Apparently the Puyallup is closing. I remember the lines when it opened. That lasted about a month ...
7 mile back up.
We run every Wed at 6:15 from our Sandy Springs store & Thurs at 6:30 from Ansley location. Lots of levels/distances.
Twitter / Twitter buttons via
Wow! NYC than LA! What can be better! You're living your dream Austin <3 This day has finally come <3 xox
Ernie Lorch was the architect of the famed Riverside Church basketball program and had also been accused of sexual assault of children.
you suck. I wanna go so bad!
Gonna go play basketball with bryce.
10th Dist Democratic Committeemen will select our new Commissioner tomorrow, Sat April 11 @ 10 am @ Truman College, 1145 W Wilson.
you have made so many things possible and I am truly thankful for you.
wish I was your friend, would love to hear everything you have to say, and yes I know what you mean, I don't who I talk to!
are lady gagas tour dates out yet?
When Atheists go to court, do they have to swear on the bible?
woo hoo! I hope that helps! I went with TV as a distraction. Almost caught up with one topic, still more to go
me so excited to work with you tomorrow night
haha I was thinking about you :) RT : haha I just saw your 'goodnight Saira' tweet =D
Head hurts :/ Wine remedy?
dont judge me bc im wearing the same outfit tonight that I did in Vegas!
thx for the follow! Do you miss Detroit now that you're in sunny Orlando?
Almost back to Tarrant county.# readytobeback
Tired & hungry af from work /:
Whenever u feel far from God - He's not the one who moved away from you...so...get back in position.
It's not that great having a license -___-
Your always on my mind;)
fuck yeah! Your a real homie Mario, always.
Thanks Erik!
Random: I love light skinned people with colored tattoos nd a lot of piercings ¦
#TRUTH "...don't let anyone divert you from the truth. It's the person who acts right who is right..."
Exciting! Congrats! :)
more than this.<3
What is invisable and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts.
Who the fuck is calling plays!
Dear Car 3180 (last car, Shady Grove bound Red line train) has open electronics closet just forward of door 1. Arriving Union st.
Anyone else having problems with for Chrome not updating stream or mentions? It leaves lots out that Android version shows.
Is it weird to wish your ex wife a happy mother's day?
Well I hope it be stelena forever!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
WIRED mag named David krakauer one of 50 most likely to change the world. WID as a greenhouse experimenting with hybrids
Sad to hear about the death of Donna Summers... Another truly original, beautiful voice has joined the choir of heaven...
Freaking bored at home , I need a new hobby
Butt plugs? Gotta clean'em erry now & then. RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou I like to smell my plugs when no one else is looking.
Pacman losing next fight against Bradley watch u heard it first.
I just updated my iPhone 4s and its saying I have "4G" now... wth?
So is yt. Keep getting a failed to load message.
I’ll take the high road. You take the psycho path.
He just makes me feel so good when I am around him. He is a real quality guy
Get some gel to put some waves in your hair! They'll stay better if it's not combed
Mean people suck.
Meeting at 7:30, but at the park at 2:30 so time to ride some rides.
He's the best. RT On offensive funk, said, "I know Dr. Freeze ain’t going to stay around too much longer.”
Even superman got a weakness
Back when boy-girl seating arrangements was the worst punishment ever!
Piercing today \m/
#QuoteOfTheNight "Please don't yell at my vagina!"
been interesting to see this story continue to evolve. Began with a few schools and with each installment, more named.
come to madison!!
Good afternoon from Cumberland State Oark in Tennessee! Great day for shorts B-)
has probably the best tweets. Oh and 77 days until cancun <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
#shehechat starts in 8 minutes! Anyone out there already?
Can't wait for the day that I can get to my own $HT
Myth? I cleared $120k last year.
Order our new book Extraordinary Cakes @ extraordinarydesserts.com and your copy will be signed. Plus 1st 100 pre-orders get $10 voucher.
Sen. Meeks, thanks for elimininating yourself from my shortlist of #chicago mayoral candidates!
We FOCUS on early ed but what about secondary ed? What does engagement look like for both?
Well, we can't comment on the recall, per se. But there is a definite need for something to be done.
Feel stupid for trying to put on blast for not following me, when in reality, he's been following me for a little while already :/
Finally got it through my head.
Don't be afraid of what can get you high - Mac Miller
hell yeah man lol suppose some won win a mill..they couldn't pay that back
Has anyone seen the list of free agent wide receivers? Wow! It is stacked with talent.
'Naked Harry' is trending. I'm assuming they showed the pool scene? lmao
He was super nice and took time to sign and take pictures with EVERYONE.
maybe I'll be even better now
I woke up from a dream tat u were on the news.. Oh wait you were on the news! ur gettn so big now, don't forget ur 1st fans <3
I know right but il make sure no curlers lol
Austin, I'd love you forever! Well. I already do!! but..
Justin Bieber is backstage. Probably playing with Jerry.
Word. RT Um, I meant doing his impersonation of Christopher Walken. I'd rather see the other thing.
Anjir last problem is really eating away at me, suck.
A zip and a double cup.
Love my babe, finally in bed, mimis time
Power Hour with Jessica Lurie on Miami Beach today at 4:30pm!
Yes its amazing :)
From Vince (6:04pm): severe t-storm warning northern Walworth Co. until 6:30pm. Possible hail Whitewater moving east.
just called you...wanna hang tonight
It's just not worth giving a damn.
Now now Lisa, U already know that everyone on the Planet loves you already, lol.. ur husband is first, I am 2nd at loving u next!
I fucking love my wife #92611 .
i'm pretty sure there will be angels singing the hallelujah chorus if we have identical weather to today's on firstkick
Omgg trying to get tickets but I cant :'(
No, hoping to get a beer reviewer to guest post on the site.
Congratulations!!!: My book is now at Books A Million!
ok can you Plz help me?! My topic is on is cheerleading dangerous? And I chose yes so I have to explain why. So far I have
Thanks and
thanks, I'm so excited. my old one from work just died LOL
Finley, good thing this is a contract year...
LOL!! The night was good up until then
Good one, luv. RT : Did not realize that was not a discussion board for 20th-Century British theatre.
Incredible trip to Atlanta for the Masters, now on to Austin for James' bachelor party...
I could really go for some wings right now... Or some Mr Spots fire steak. So hungry in BG.
Its you and me, moving at the speed of light into eternity <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I must have a #replyalljose t-shirt, or at least a sign for my computer ~
Swear I'm Boutta Go Off On Everybody. #Swear -_-
One of the things I love about this. Shows our historical biases. Will be introducing lesson on biases soon.
l0000l JUST SCREAM, NO DONT TOUCH ME THERE THAT IS MY NO NO SQUARE. THAT WILL SCARE HIM or get the cops involved aha
people are out of line . Fake twitters s/o to the real !!
im so excited to see you guys on SNL!!
Jamison says, don't shoot everything that moves. Be clear with what you need to tell the story.
fucking love the #DEATHSQUAD family. enjoy the weekend!
My mom makes me feel so self conscious fml
spinnin tonight! Come dance your troubles away with #NBD Thursdays. Free entry & $5 Vodka sodas all night
homemade pumpkin spice latte= 10000x better.
ugh. I hate the stars ever since they moved to Dallas. Ruined my pristine MN childhood.
Check out some new music from the Hudson Vally!
Scrolling thru my followers and saw man Mindless Behavior follow me -___- I'm deleting my account now
I think I eat 2 boxes a week
looking for an iOS Developer for a leader in the B2C industry!
knowing that God forgives me and that he will use what another meant for evil and use it for something good to come from it.
Having lunch with - trying another BBQ joint... Not sure Kaz is to impressed lol
She wont add me. Nonetheless on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the highest 1 being the lowest how ratchet is Miax Ioncare Mhp???
-I know right!
Hey babez, look like I'm back in the stu after a long 2 weeks of outside work! Who hooo, feels good!
awww I miss you 2! Ill be at the gym at 530am 2morrow...wake ur booty up and come join me! Lol yes let's hang out
i think its so cute, when your leaving & a guy says ' what? no hug? ' <3
- I'm not agoraphobic, I swear!
I would have hidden had the sitter come looking for me!!
no you can't make me:p I got sad watching his interviews because I miss and his shows
like your new Riyal Oak. I did the rose w brown band. #40yearroyal oak
love how you said needs nothing to add to just him singing & maybe a piano.
I've got Dick Whitman hair today.
It's fun! RT : I'm going to the shooting range soon... time to knock stuff off this bucket list. But I'm scared of guns O_o lol
Hate this for the Steelers.
sis text me
Great Idea! RT : Maybe we should all make a home spa night!!
Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you, wishing they were you
Just passed a street named Comstock lol
"You're never ever ever going to get everything done EVER!" - Annette Nathan
are you a speeder? breakkin the law(;
I think I'm now on the "serial killer sleep cycle" on weekends
Listening to on Somewhat concerned at the lead into the piece.
The bullpen and offense will need to get us this one.
Have you submitted your request to display art? If not, there is still time! Either way, see you on
Yeah yeah yeah it's just a cola <U+E412>
Wes Happy Sunday sir,your thoughts on our Draft Haul,or do you say Like Brett Kiesel wait til Aug ask me again lol.
followed, follow back please?
HAPPY MONDAY WORLD. IN LIL HAITI, INSPIRING AND MOTIVATING STUDENTS. HAPPY TO HAVE LIFE AND BE A CHANGE AGENT
Bar Dice in between Poker hands!
Had a great time at Schmoozapalooza last night it was so great to see everyone.
New multi Animal Tarot- The BlueDogRose Tarot nearing completion, hope to have a test print ready by the end of the week. :)
City council chambers packed, SRO. Lots of SCAN supporters here. Thank you!
RT I wish parents were more involved period. #yalitchat YES! I agree 100%
At How to Succeed in Business -AHS. My babies are all grown up!
An Autumn Lunch at Addie’s
And this NY Fan says suck a ______ RT : I HATE NY FANS ....
"Call Me Maybe" is growing on me......WHAT SOMEONE HELP
If you're in Stockton come see me for your facial and waxing needs. I do everything from home #LicensedEsthetician,
Sorry for making you sick I hope you feel better And decide to throw out your nasty honey lemon cough drops lol jks loves you:)
How did I become one of the people who listens to NPR while driving to work? Should have done this years ago.
In Vegas finding learning our personal strengths - we are one strong team
I most definately want head.
Thank you for the lovely, yet EVIL, gift of Samoa Girl Scout Cookies. I give that box until the end of the day...TOPS!
Sounds good! What's the new date?
Just saw an alien spacecraft...nbd.
We're not GUI experts, sorry!
Can someone save the F-ing day for me? Or would that be the F-ing life for me?
Congratulations! My Damn Channel DailyGrace is 4 years old! CHEERS TO 4 more even better years to come!!
May 30th - Memorial Day Parade 10AM
I live in NYC. Weather's OK now but summers are muggy. I'll try it anyway, see how it goes. Thanks for your thoughts.
Chillin with George...George of the Jungle!
It's gold, I read it to my class last year. Thanks for keeping me on my toes, though! So much fear in misquoting.
expect me to be crashing on the couch literally every weekend. I cant wait to annoy you guys ALL the time
Quote of the day: "We have a conference call @ 4:30 with an American person so we need to actually call @ 4:30 & be on time." w/
I hope UW dance team performs tonight. our dance team needs to start competing w other universities!
I think someone should apologize! Because we all know what happens when someone doesn't apologize, right ?
Goodnight my loves <3
At with for the FIT vs Parsons big fashion show!
we can work with whatever time you have available, everyone in the organization would love to hear you speak
Nice quote NYT: She had the perfect voice, and the perfect image: a gorgeous singer who had sex appeal but was never overtly sexual...
Happy Founders' Day to all of my beautiful Sorors, especially my Mom!
u have the same goal as me...I want my own can't work for someone in those setting and I want to use my own recipes
you the best happy mothers day to you
Now you want to take me to the volleyball game bc she isn't going to be there and expect me not to say anything bc u want a kiss! Get a life
Doing OK? Got A Bieber Fever? :-)
seriously download this game
The smell of paint is disgusting.
Congratulations!!! So awesome! :)
Deleting Facebook My Acting&Modeling CERTIFICATE of completion arrived in the mail , Therefore thats what im Focusing on. -TimeToTrainHard
thanks for the follow!
Value every frustration. It’s the key to opening this – and every other – door!
am or pm?
Paula Deen says she has diabetes. In other news, 4 quarters make a dollar.
means laugh ma loud
Special room rate for our Facebook Friends stay with us from Dec 6th to Dec 23rd at $75 a night! mention this ad!
On the go!! Another busy monday!! Good day everyone!
No one wants to see pictures of your flabby, untanned, non airbrushed stomach
holy shit that smell when you deflate a football. FFFUUU.
Dedication: ALEX M. CORDOVA, love & miss you. Love Kristina & Tanner
I've been okay doing this and doing that what about you. How's Hawaii
Yes. Count me in. Where is it and what time?
this is the worst thing i have ever heard
M, its very interesting how your acting towards me…
Nesta hints wanting to come to MLS. should use some of that LeTeux money
it feels like fall in oklahoma. perfect timing for my temporary move back to tulsa.
The Chargers are now going to retire Seau's #. Why were they not planning on doing this b4 he passed away?
i wonder what my baby is up 2 today
Well, mine is better than Safeway's...so that's something. :)
": wuts good bro?"just hit me on da cell
watching I hate hippies
Up and at em.
When lebron sits the Heat are a mess.
Sometimes a crumb falls / From the tables of joy, Sometimes a custard is flung.
Add me on faceb. Latasha Marie Presley
Walker's campaign says it finished the quarter with a combined total of more than $4.8 million cash on hand.
Forgot wallet yesterday. No problem. Bought lunch with their mobile app and paid for parking in DC with
Patrick just left. Im a bad kid. We had fun though ;D
Need to start back doing what I use to do this not like me!!
Amawele's will hitting the Marina tonight!!
Testifying on 1238, teacher Liz Allen says that the bill directs energy and resources to place where acheivement gap begins.
Not guilty! WTF?? This girl deserves life without parole.
we hang out a lot actually. we just couldn't yesterday. & we can't today..
Brief afternoon shower now coming through Tuckahoe
I'm always so impressed when someone quotes Yoda
No from MD but Went to U of Michigan. Never heard of Jolly Pumpkin! Is it new?
hey buddy I think you took the birthday cake song to far. All dat cream on ya face at least shes a star!
aww wish I had a boyfriend like you.
That was a cool She-Ra article. Yes, I do feel more empowered bc of the cartoons I watched as a kid. Flintstones kicked butt too.
Editing video and strategizing Dreamit Application.
I most certainly will. I did have a quick questions, the Australian Home Sale video what was that called I was trying to find it.
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG..
Thank you. RT : You're not old enough RT : cougar? me? M.I.L.F. maybe....but def no damn cougar.
In hindsight, chugging a red bull half an hour before an exam probably wasn't the smartest decision I've ever made
HAH. At least with paper books they build up in a stack on my nightstand. A Kindle really is *bigger on the inside*.
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Oh no!
Those sneezes that hurt <<<<<<<<<< -______-
Just came up with a video concept for the song "Torches" from our new release coming up! We shoot on July 2nd! Bam.
Astronaut John Glenn ate the first meal in space when he ate pureed applesauce squeezed from a tube aboard Friendship 7 in 1962.
:') stop lying to yourself like that": i'm nice as hell lol"
I wonder what the record for continuous hours of rainfall is.
what did he do to you now?
Get stoked on these guys. BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, Frameworks, Set Free, Harp And Lyre, Gideon, and Stay Killer Design
Joshua is not as good as they say....he is good though
Fiesta is here! Fiesta is here!
Thanks for the book store suggestions, ladies. You are awesome. CB- if your gf has any ideas, I'd <3 to hear em
Students desiring a Bachelor’s degree, Master’s degree or PhD will find over 250 different majors available
Zhanaozen-bloody bogey! Kazakhstan for a week
Crawford says he'll see how his knee responds tomorrow before making a decision about playing Wed. night vs. the
Lets take a vote! should our drummer Zack cut his hair?
I agree, I hate reading books or "serialized fiction" online. Nothing replaces a good old paperback.
I know I should be playing poker but I'm just not in the mood tonight. So it's been a night of catching up on Tivo.
Tonight only, get ready to experience art like you never have. Perception Salon: 5:00 – 7:00pm
sick is exactly right. I could throw up right now.
Edelweiss is GREAT for coll dev, in addition to galleys. Highly recommend it.
Thanks For All The Help! <3
#GoTribe We can't change the world unless we change ourselves. We can't go back to Somalia until we change the tribe mess !!!!
At the risk of offending someone, I'll just say this: if at least one of your dreads look like a stuffed pantyhose, it's too much.
I hate seeing companies intentionally cripple technology for their own misguided purposes.
13 days from today,we're giving away $1k worth of free stuff to everyone who buys a copy of our friend Adam Metz's new book The Social...
Ma'am, that dress in your picture is everythang! So stealing it next time I have a chance ;)
im up way too late... cant wait to get my new car.
4 total points in the first 4 min, is this a #B1G game??
I've painted with dirt and coffee before, smoothie painting shouldn't be much of a challenge!-Is she really going to do that?
S/O follow us today for the latest in fashion and style!!
come over! Not to be conceited but I'm kinda really good at hula hooping I'll teach you!! Haha
I picked it up and took it outside; it flew away.
he's trying to get it however he can!! Lol
hi sexy
Oh hey
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
Feet hurt so bad
Thanks, man. Let us know next time you're in town so we can hang.
I can feel the holiday spirit in the air>>>> LUV LUV LUV
i want to really know what everyone thinks of me.
hey you busy?
Inspiration and genius--one and the same ---Victor Hugo
It's got a 20/60 on Rotten Tomatoes, which tells us...nothing.
Brooklyn Decker flashes her knickers in see-through black lace dress and shows ... - Daily Mail
"Take the chance / trust the American people and the world will be a better place" via
THIS IS THE TIME! GO GO!
I need a new JOB.!!! I CANNOT! I'm going crazy right with the residents.
So what else would I need besides the kit. I have a stone. Would I still need the threaded wand or just hose?
where in #Brazil?
Hey everyone please follow-----> ! THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
dm or text me the address, might do that.
sure I will right now so wats up
And by a crazy/recovering Cinco De May.. I just mean it was a busy day. lol. No time to hit up next doors El Vaquero.
There's a pool!?
Its so hot
too much on your little plate ;)
Happy potter
txt me
Good mornin my peeps!!!!!!!!im bout to beast 2day cuz thats how swag i am!!!!!!!!
We are currently working to resolve the Twitter DM spam coming from our page. We believe in fashion. Never spam!
way to be a week early
I've lived in the same town for decades and never been called
Why did people stop talking to me?
So let me hear them Tweeple. New Years resolutions?
Last day having to wake up early for a photoshoot tomorrow htt://bjmartinphotography.com photographer san francisco napa bay area wedding
What are the top 3 things you love about Denver?
Getting that app RIGHT NOW.
Coop your on FB, Youtube, Twitter, we should go to those dating websites next!
MT : Mobility w Rich Berger & Doug ring from Peoplefluent citrix deployment of talentmgmt apps for mobile devices
no u dont
this is unconscionable
talk to ya in 2 weeks. :)
lol well thanks
Crying my eyes out in a bathroom stall, worst possible way to start my day. :/
RT : Utility Monster is SOLD OUT tonight, but you can still get tix for Fat Cat Killers tomorrow night...
Thanks for helping to share our big news!
ANYTHING YOU NEED YOU CAN FIND IT AT THE MARKET
Thanks to all who attended the #BestSeminar and followed along on Twitter. See you next year!
shoulda never told my son he had to go to bed after the last out of this inning
I've been writing you a millions time to tell you abt my dream of starting a Diaper Bank but, I experienced some challenges.
I want to punch spam in the face.
“: S/O to South Florida n Homie Eric Skeeters Meter, on Great Season” Appreciate the love Goods!!
lady cats kicked some ace
"Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." - James Matthew Barrie
Did you know that the creator of the first practical pneumatic tire used to work as a veterinarian? His name was John Boyd Dunlop.
Good win for #KUbball but Bill Self has his work cut out for him this season.
ohh.. gotta try that
Hey LADY! I miss seein' you, and yes, outing required VERY soon! How you doin'?
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets.
Ooh, just remembered I had a new #TheClientList on the dvr! How did I forget?!
Hello back, lovely & talented friend! xox
Rumor: Pioneer Square post office set to close??
I think I'm asexual. Something about the letter A gets me so turned on.
Thanks for the follow -- and the words of wisdom on creativity.
what makes you say that? (;
. is live Tweeting the Sports Emmy Awards. John = 140 character quality, esp. his #OrioleMagic allegiance.
HELL YEAH!
Well, can't they bury stuff like that at the bottom of the article?
I can be a sarcastic fucker most of the time,you should have known.
aww thanz babe. Im thankful for u too
Swimming and the hotel bar. I feel like a tiny grown up this week.
Didn't think the guy at Sonic was still listenin to me & I started jammin to Carrie Underwood & he asks me to keep singin
I had to
Too Many Movies I Want To See .
Register on (FB) to Win a Free Solar Backpack!!(charges cell phone & other electronics) Like us on our Facebook page Green Detroit Festival!
I hope you sell gobs and gobs of books this weekend!
"Who took the cork out of my lunch?"° W.C. Fields
same ole England
Morning Mitch!!
I say Arizona cause she said to Cali about "you better never leave me" plus if she's gone Karev will take her position..
#OneThingIDontLike people talk that cash but when it come down to wat it do the nut up
text me
:) the best type of awkward
Couple behind me at coffee shop just finished up in-depth convo about hopes, dreams, jobs & life in general with "Umm, what was your name?"
As I look over all that I needed to get accomplished today, my day has so not been productive. Not to mention, I loose an hour tonight. Boo
Did the "personal comments" of POTUS change any law or policies?
The guest list is consist of intellectuals, and smart business individuals in our city... For sure
#cunt was texting me
RT : Had a great Corned Beef Sammich Baked & Carved today in Best I've had in the ROC yet. Glad to hear it! Thanks!
The purpose of Walker's millions in wall-to-wall ads isn't to change minds, it's to get his opponents to panic or despair. Don't.
We can all thank the crick in my neck for keeping more music from being made last night, but now I'm feeling much better and ready to...
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! <U+2665> i LOVE you
thats cool! You got a number? Lol
Weird #dog laws include allowing police offers in Palding, Ohio, to bite a dog to calm him/her
Thorstein Veblen~ The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
Where will you be next week?
no problem.
So for the last month or so I've found it really super hard to concentrate on anything but enjoying my life. Make of that what you will...
I think I'll be able to relate to this book.
Probably one of my favorite seasons
Never leave home without your bikini.
you make your own way of life and the path that you take dont just effect yo life but the ones that love you as well
Hit me up on Draw Something. Username: ernestorivera
"Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy." William Butler Yeats
Nice to meet u guys and good luck reporting!
oh my my, oh hell yes, honey put on that party dress
Watch out!! I know how to make iced coffee and I'm not afraid to drink it! :)
Drama - drama - drama - too many!
This Saturday Night! 8th Annual Texas Hold'Em, click on link for details!
Met a bunch of weird people tonight. They're all in my living room.
How about you don't charge Your service is so far behind it's ridiculous! You do nothing but #LieAndSteal from customers!
they need to get George a podeum
Listening to a discussion on " opiates and the correlation with accidents ".
Someone did!
Now I want some M&Ms. Very cool shot.
Wow, pleasantly surprised to see a shout out for City Year on here. My uncle in Boston, Hubie Jones, helped start that orgz.
let's change the 'about' page to reflect some of this
wow. Logic is not your strong suit if you think that just because something is good that more is better.
I'm grinding hard for the Playoffs.
it amuses me to see that you fav'd that historical marker tweet right before bed… I hope it inspired weird dreams!
are the boys gonna do a new video diary soon or...
I need to be entertained
Nice practice today, thanks to coach Eric Bighead Davila, and everyone that rolled today
dead I say
Hey, David, how are you? Marie not on twitter yet though I use my account for work/prof interests. John Shepherd.
RT : "You can do anything, but not everything." - David Allen
don't you think needs to be with next Wednesday?
their fundamental beauty! I am in the presence of angels from heaven! Yeah - love to watch them sleep! (sigh!)
Does your library do any digital literacy programs? We want to know about it. Tag your tweets with
Thanks for helping spread the word on ! Looking forward to seeing you there.
I Jus WANT MY OWN Money Dats All !
Shut up hoe.
You have a solid top 3 starters. Your offense should score 9 runs a game. You'll add Andy, and maybe Wandy. Sh.
yeah buddy :( im still playing tho. play with me bro !
The feeling is mutual. Local style meets local discovery.
Been pushing for the station to let you go this offseason.
It's "Follow Friday" (isn't it? Not sure.) ...and I'm 4 away from 200! Anyone care to follow this guy? I'm really very nice. :>)
I'm an auto-didactism advocate too! Auto-didacts unite!
You only get one life...... enjoy it
that is awesome!
How am I supposed to do my math packet when I'm bawling my eyes out watching the notebook?
Maybe it's the wine. Maybe it's the #supermoon. Either way my heart is fluttering as never before in my life.
Hello! Welcome to Twitter. :)
It never gets easier to watch Sirius die.
Can't see my boyfriend, guess I'll just hang out with his friends! Sushi time!
Thank you JB! Your the best!
You mean without Nespresso
Rickey Smiley b having me dying n the morning
Planet Fitness TV campaign w/the bodybuilders is hillarious! I have friends who bodybuild. It's a stereotype, but so funny!
What's this whole "pressed juice cleanse" thing all about? Any good?
Save the date New Yorkers: MICA NYC Alumni Reunion is January 18th, 2012 starting at 7PM at Art Connects NY. RSVP:
word! Have fun!
Merch coming soon!!! Maybe more things as well! ;)
“: go clip show” followers attack
TONIGHT !!! BIG PARTY FOR MARGARITA MONDAYS , $1 MARGS ALL NIGHT ,SOUNDS BY CHOPSHOP RADIO !!!! DO IT
Young lost soul searching for true love and true freedom
Jimmy and I will kiss. Then give him bj! :~
I've made those. Always popular! Good job!
it sucks to suck turd.
Why is it every time I see the pajama jeans comercial, I am filled with the NEED to go get them? LOL
Its hard to believe that I will not be watching football this weekend...
Picking the platform that best suits you and your community is key. Excel on one platform rather than many. Be realistic & consistent.
I'm following all these random people. I swear ive been hacked. Haven't been on here in FOREVER.
Renfields: NEXT SHOW! This Friday at In Charleston w/ The Tom McGees.. For the world premier of horror film Porkchops!
The broken hearted, the wounded, the one the world calls called damaged goods....What can Jesus change in your life? Absolutely everything.
Half way into #SommChat! Can't believe it--keep the questions coming to #IPOB Learning alot on
I recorded it.
Goal for #SXSW: Get a picture with and tell him in person just how awesome I think he is.
That's brilliant. Well done!
Man this St. Patricks day has been so fun..
Listening to the whole way to NYC now I'm turned up.
What the eff is up with that ish?
When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith; and the universe is built on faith.Holmes
hacked or
Its twitter, not facebook haha.
Nothing Ever Works Out For Me. )= I Just Can't Wait To Get AWAY..!
Congrats Norm
Can't wait to get this year's Palm Springs Photo Festival started!
Do it! Email me and I'll share some other resources for you to look into also. Too big for 140 characters!
Awee thank u!:)
Death is upon me D:
Don't get me wrong...I appreciate having a job in this day & time...but I really don't wanna be here today...lol.
NEW FRESH NUG PORN SUPER STICKY DANK JUST IN, GOING FAST: Northern Lights & Sour Diesel!!! Hurry before it's all gone! Full Menu on Weedmaps
go to sleep :P
With some work defensively, Mays could fill the void left by Lamb pretty nicely.
Coffee you are bad for me.
yes, we heard it too. Looks like Eagle St. is blocked off by Ft. Stockton
Welcome from the darkness to the light. Enjoy!
could you burn it?
I actually liked paranormal activity 2, the whole prequel thing worked for me.
follow back hubby
Welcome back Now let's win this election.
": DON'T WORRY #SFGIANTS FANS, ZITO IS PITCHING TOMORROW!" Shizzle! Wait...I got a new attitude! 12 is a Zito year!!!
Double papers due tomorrow so no can do.
Steve Blake also has that washed-out, huffing-outside-the-Twiztid-concert look. But Bob Swift was 105% thoroughbred Juggalo.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have an awesome day man! Sending you a dessert from afar… ;)
Honestly, I can never have red bull again. Don't let me do it!
RT : Kind of want to build a giant pillow & blanket fort in the library teen center. #libraries <--YES (until teens makeout in it)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Heat fans, did anyone on your TL mention Wade's missed layup last night when scrutinizing their loss? Just curious. I didnt see it on mine.
Cutch needs to explain offense to the rest of the Pirates considering he's responsible for most of it anymore...
you've lasted this long?
Nobody wants ,somebody that's been with everybody
oh! if i have my current job... budget cuts don't look all that good 4 probationary tchrs
okay I'm done talking about my meager driving accomplishments. for now.
Aww Yea - Travis Porter >
Any plans for coming to Baltimore? We have some ideas we'd like to discuss with you in this regard...
Way to go, flying this morning with the Milwaukee Ballet! She is fearless! I'm jealous, that looks fun!
Having spinach dip and chips. With and ice cold beer. Yummy
Just decided not to take my final tomorrow. I'm dumb because I could be attending a bar tonight if I would have made this decision earlier
#AGirlDeserves way better than the guy who got her pregnant
What is your favorite indoor activity?
Headshot shoot today:-)
"Ideas shape the course of history." John Maynard Keynes
Vote for us dude! You can vote once a day everyday:)
getting it in @ tilted kilt!
It's annoying when people change who they are when they are around people they just met...
no I no dat.... I got ray face roc face prod face prince face n all dem on it
shoot me ur email
All i could think about is lunch!
Looking for a new laptop.Comparing ,hp,toshiba-lots of options and prices have come down a lot since last purchase 4 yrs ago!!!
": So it's gon rain err day at the sane time?!?" That's what they say!! Hey there..
its ok. #NYRangers will win tonight, well before the missle lands on earth, so will the #Pens vs.
lol...just wanted to set you straight on "why" :)
Seriously, the goosebumps on my arms are having babies! lol! #MARSunplugged Such an amazing job guys!
My son is goin for the summercamp
Tattoos are not clothes, can't change them when we want. Fit good when they are new but after a while get worn&ugly. No exchanges.
ha ha
Aloha, how are you? I have been to Bodega Bay, Half-moon Bay, Pacifica, Monterey, and Santa Cruz.
Whatever... But thats how I be feeling
you mean fag
Minimum wage has scared them away.
"Only love Can bring the rain That makes u yearn2the sky Only lov Can bring the rain That falls like tears from on high Love Reign O'er me
an HTC phone
don't drown someone could be falling in love with your smile lol see what I did there.
Im at the grove.. Selenas here... Tour bus thing us leaving... Smfh
somebody music LOUD on thiss buss !
CNBC. Don't miss it RT : In case you missed it. #sonicsgate is on again on Sunday. Bring back the sonics!
Indiana pulls off another upset vs a top 5 ranked opponent.
Ah... the 4th of July Google logo is sick!
Happy Sunday Beautiful People! 85 Degrees! Walked the dog, made breakfast, went to church, and now its chill time #ILoveLA - XavierLT. com
does Verizon carry them?
I'm outta here my peeps. Going to play my guitar.
We love music @ ISLand Connex so what we are going to do is showcase Polynesian music (especially hip hop & r&b) & promote it!!!!
I'm looking for commercial printers in #Indy that are on Twitter. Anyone?
you better not!! I wanted to go in the spring
Varieté tonight, featuring local singer/songwriter Nicole Saxton!
I have told so many people about your super rad songs with sweet hand claps mix.
Emily Kendal Frey's The Grief Performance: "a performance of the inner for the interior" - fab review by
“: Playing with and more tomorrow night 12/17. Party w/ us before the relatives arrive.” egg nog for one and all!
Good morning to everyone... and S/O to tall my new followers!!
My lovely son and daughter watered the plants .... Son getting things ready for school tomorrow.
Happy trees!
Thanks for following!
ahh can't wait for summer we have soo much catching up to do
Might do a Tegan&Sara cover soon(:
BOOK a R&B *STAR* for your VALENTINES event!
Nothing like traveling to bring out my bossy side.
We'll be blacking out tomorrow from 8am-8pm in support of the #SOPAstrike!
fire spitting w
If the Nuggets want to win this game someone other than Miller needs to make offensive rebounds
On my way to see The Avengers! Not so excited about having to drive through this rainfall though :(
sorry bro!! ive been sick since friday morning
Relocated to Petaluma, CA....Putting together band...Stay tuned
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. - Lewis B. Hershey
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie. Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
New song soon check us out at myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
award winning will be there, and he is already booked solid for the weekend. check www.rocktheink.net for up to date info
lmfao! I love that song <3
#MiddleSchoolMemories dancing with pillows in my pants on Ms.Moore's
*shrugs* you can hit unfollow
I don't care who you are or what you mean to me. Nothing can change my mind about how much I live Austin.
Jack Johnson
it's a good game man, forget them reviews. Most of them ain't real gamers anyways!!!
#IfYouRap and can't bring at least 100 people to your show DO NOT ASK TO BE PAID!
dammit, Melissa! I still might do it though. :p
- doing ok man, thanks for asking. Having been tweeting much lately...
are you always up this early?
What is the best Fathers Day Movie? votes for The Pursuit of Happiness <- good choice
I have a great Sunday! I pray you did too.
You might see me driving around, my van has green grass emblems and all the writing is in green. Honk if you see me
See you tonight for an evening to celebrate our African Heritage hosted by the#Embassy of the Republic of South Africa, Washington,...
um might be a billion times funnier than what ever your Girlposts thing is
well I saw your pictures on instagram and you didn't need that stupid woman to fix your hair anyways because it looked good!
I wake up early in the mornin
I'm on (gs) and unable to connect to FTP with message "421 800 users (the maximum) are already logged in, sorry" thoughts?
they want you to give their product as presents to all your ladiez?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Braker at Mopac
Too bad this ballgame is so compelling; I really should be sleeping.
(Probably not that many, to be honest. I'm pretty unique in that I don't want to use a TWC STB.)
Just printed my reservation. It doesn't fit on one page, what a waste. (Browser: Firefox 4)
Contains hydrogenated vegetable oil, pure aloe vera gel, neem oil, rosemary oil extract, vitamin E, and fragrance.
ANYTHING WHAT UP
Eh, f em all. Some days you just dont wanna smile.
that's right! Never settle for less!
I express myself 1. With music 2. With fashion as I rock the stage with both......charism
The new scion IQ has arrived! Pictures and video coming soon. . .
Thank YOU all! :)
Here's to the Mahomies who doesn't have any posters & merchs, but here still here for Austin no matter what.
Riding down these Dallas streets wit !!!!!
are you in town?
o some tude there! Alright night then
Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth
I'm sorry, not trying to pick a fight with you. I just really liked that film! And i'd like to believe it isn't because I'm white!
I SPEAK ASIAN
Oh! Thanks for the reminder. See? Brain like swiss cheese. :D Will do today. I have your address, but not your last name?
11am RT : What time does the meet start tomorrow ?
My name when performing will be K.G.!Someone is using Kenny G.
Shake it of .
omg I thought I was the only one who saw that ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
omg girl I'm having a party too! and i;ll send you your invite(:
you need to tweet bro lol
call me I wanna hear from you
Its gonna b a hot....day...looking fwd 2 Friday !!!
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change. 'Cause you're amazing, just the way you are. -Bruno Mars <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>
really apple? "data-tapping" patent? a phone cannot permit an owner to touch a phone number to initiate a call?
Powerful, coherent defense! MT : so 2 blk cats in a row crossed my path on way home-what kind of sign is that for my defence tomoro?
sounds good :D
Can't wait forever
Do you need air purification In the Dallas area call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
definitely the puzzles! RT Which game do you like best? RT such a fun interactive site! bit.ly/19hwgS
10mins before class... Rushin over to stand outside the door for 10! finally check my emails on my phone to find out it was cancelled
lol I get off at 4 so ima call u then
I haven't eaten a churro in 534 years
I've been craving and eating banana peppers for two weeks now
wait why dont she want you to go?!
How long are you in San Francisco, Stephane?
Game on!
Midterms will be the death of me
The divide represents existent social fractures RT : Blair Levin says bandwidth caps will "create a new digital divide."
That's odd...have you been in touch with our tech support team?
Hm Mama you arent raising her right lol RT : My daughter needs a new home #lakerfan lol
#Ignite boiled down knowledge from last 6 months of conf to key points-great share!
Headed to the Y to get the day started with aerobics.
Will Plax have any fantasy value this season?
u should eat some Popeyes chicken lol
Become Mayor of win tickets to the WI Beer Lovers Festival 6/16.
ice skating is alot of fun so is sledding it's been years since I participated in Winter activities great fun to participate in Winter
saludos desde Texas... thanks for following
I love technology ^_^
I agree, I also believe that #Ward7 already has the depth of talent with which to accomplish that. Just need to remove obstacles.
oh yea, the black keys kill it live. also, I'm exhausted just watching
I love that I can watch the play finally
Wise words! Sometimes you just gotta hunker down and get to it! :)
Yeah, thanks. Lol.
Damn!!! It's colder than a hookas heart out here Maine!!
thanks! Good to be back!
I yelled "SALAD!" At my Google Maps app today and it thought i said "MAUI!" - the calculated walking distance was astronomical
I like to think that "fairy positive" isn't a typo and, in fact, pixies have wedged their magical lil' bodies into your ceiling
First little harvest from my garden - basil and parsley for some roasted garlic herb butter.
He cheats on you, & you cheat on him? That's a great relationship. You guys must really 'love' each other.
just saw the thing about prom bro. your so classy man. i live 20 min from cleveland lets ball sometime !
you're one to speak Haha
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :D
“: But then again I stopped gettin christmas js cuz the niggas with no shoe game get them”
thanks. You seem like a really great person!
should be #1 on the Nfl player Countdown!! KR vs. Titans and game ending catch vs. Jets! Just Saying!!!!
Glass Slipper Ball tonight. Supporting education locally and globally thru ZONTA and the amazing Debra K.
Pleasant surprise: Walked into Zanadu Gallery and guessed correctly it was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. Wisconsin represent!
Battling a few friends for mayorship over our local Chinese food shop. Battle of the hungry stomachs!
give a RT for the beantown boys
“Blogging is not writing, it’s graffiti with punctuation!” great line from character (virologist, Ian Sussman) in "Contagion"
how r u?
Fascinating to watch tablet magazines evolve through the various issues of Wired.
Upset, sleeping forever, only person that can get me in a happy mood is by listening to his amazing songs<3
strangest is putting an Easter Egg ornament on our tree. It's suppose to bring GREAT LUCK should the egg not fall during XMAS
Today gone be a boring day .
I didn't see any.
Figured out what was on the mysterious hard drive that arrived in my mail.
I wanna see the hunger games again.
Future home of The !
I refuse to believe anything I heard this week
What's everyone doin tonight!!?? .
Nice! Are you based out of LA?
It's a pleasure to meet a woman that's not kickin it like these bitches are.
on you probably, me not so much!-lol
i just ate a pixie stick and i don't know why.
Received pleasant rejection email from George Washington U's American Studies program. Note to search committees: this can be done well.
RT : Just installed some amazing HD TVs for you to come in & watch March Madness! Get in early & claim your spot in the bar!
yeah probably... I need to talk to the coaches for a few min but after that I'm good.
Isn't that already on the website? If not, missing a big recruiting opportunity.
I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.
plz sort this fing out with sarah =)
watch for more info #livewell2ndhalf in the coming days and weeks.
We still dream show on Friday at the white rabbit on Friday! Hope to see you all there!
I don't like selling my stuff but I have to
will NEVER notice me. Yes I said it, NEVER. Cuz it's true <\3 :(
Fire pro teacher didn't come -.-
Such a good time, would love to go back and chill in the
I feel like that's a fair deal
Airplanes should have a no coughing/ no baby section.
Saturday NIGHT: Trey Grimm 6pm, Josh Dupont & Francie Phelps 9pm Come request songs all night long, it's like a Live jukebox!
Just two more days before Springsteen in NC...I am so psyched!
I dig it!
But you need to be informed on the mainstream.
I did it
Glad you enjoyed it! Chelsea steals da show with that party scene. "you gotta orange drink..."
OUCH... That was you? I have never been the same since!! J/K
Just accepted my 1 year scholarship tuition waiver at University of Alaska Anchorage, hurrah :)
amazing #SDMBuzz bash! sassy staffers! Sorry u missed.
Wishing Madeline Gleason had written a memoir.
Can you imagine what it would be like to win a $1000 shopping spree at the "99cent Store"
Hey! I'm good thankyou how are you? Where you from? :p x
SAT in DC 21+ FREE till 11 [at,@ TEATRO email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
Max has also been atty for Reggie White, Tony Gwynn and other athletes. Learned sports law from now-ND AD Jack Swarbrick
Oh nice! Prom is cool!
My 49ERS GOT IT IN TODAY!!!
Like a river running thru me, a disease it consumes me, my passion my tears my life after all those dark years...
Off to see what this city has to offer first thing in the morning, then it'll be time to kick off Chatty Crafty! Can't wait!
Excellent. And ouch. :)
RT : The corner of Nos. 16 &amp; 17 at TPC Sawgrass is one the the coolest spots in golf!
FUCK this new sellout copy cat Nicki!
There are times we need to learn not to care so much about someone. Cz they don't even give a shit. Numsayin?.
why'd you quit Luxe?
Gay is Okay. Funny how #Obama waited until campaign season to say it. He could've said it when they repealed DADT.
Nichelle Nichols is up. No guesses about why she is running against Silveira. Mad Prep timing is not a coincidence. She denies this.
yeah it was fun after long tym miss u
Thanks for fixing the photo shoot situation. Kudos for paying attention and great customer service.
On Mothers Day & Valentines Day, maybe women will announce: Do not send me anything from " ;-)
It's game time! Win or go home!! GO TOROS!
Today was a boring day ! .-.
just scored against LA. This makes me smile greatly.
I think it's just an Nginx configuration error. I recommend alcohol.
Sitting next to the past, texting the present and wishing and praying my future will be the lady I'm texting. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Friends: Please don't tweet or Facebook when you're out and drunk. It's incredibly stupid and future employers don't want to see it.
What's up man, Google us The PHX New Times did an article on us, Babyface, Missy, Tweet, EL DeBarge Jr. are on our project.
I need a vacation.
it is, especially when I add honey. It's so revitalizing.
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent
Guessing this is U. Great to talk today. Thank U immensely 4 resources. Can't wait to read 'em all. Check out Great stuff.
Wow...not feeling that at all. She dyed her hair and that lipstick ain't working either. I guess Axl dumped her.
only hit her on occasion
Fun fact: After Geraldo Rivera falls asleep, his mustache roams the neighborhood destroying things for him to report on the following day.
So happy there's still time for a run!!!!!
Relaxing, listening to a little Buddy Holly and making cookies for a co-workers bday.
awwe!(: I didn't know that! I love you! :)
clueless and hateful. Scary that ppl let her be on TV, much less listen to her.
I still have 2. Are you dancing at DCLX?
Ashley, im the biggest fan ever! please come to australia, sydney!! PLEASE PLEASE notice me!!
Stoked to work the table at the concert!!!!!!!!!! Great music, great cause! What could be better?!!
I just got a DM from you that makes me think your acct has been broken into.
I'm working! Tell the moderator with the blue badge
And most of us single.... Its really going down...
Document your sources or you'll never remember where you found your information!
Acupuncture done. Now headed from Chicago to Milwaukee to play a private party dinner theater show.
lots of phillies decor in that Biden SNL bit!
All I Care About Is Money, In The City Were Im from ! :) -Drake<3
Invest in private mortgages with www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com AND earn 9%-13% return on your money
RT : Tonight's menu: sake honey shrimp, chipotle chicken w mango, cilantro lime rice...” I should be over...when? 7pm?
Great hanging with & Josh Shadburn tonight. Insightful conversations about worship!
Good Morning world ! On the way to the beach wid my loves --- planning on having a good day (:
Not feeling good at all :(
WOW <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> ( blank stare ) lol
RT : Mother's Day is coming up. What are u getting your Mom? What are you asking for? :-)
I came...and I'm still here... 14 yrs strong lmao..
Feel a lot better
We have updated our profile pic to our official logo!
I hate everyone at school.
Tonight i will rock murphy's in memphis, and probably pillage the townspeople. Tomorrow, we conquer Lexington.
That would be more of an issue for the assembly, since dems are minority in senate
such a faithful pet
Baseball: Pitcher's duel going on as Canby and Clackamas are tied 1-1 heading into the 7th inning.
Thanks for following! I join you in empowering women to transition with power and purpose.
well congrats to you!
Yeah, way back when #FSU had it rollin'.
Saw preview of PRSA January 19 program. AWESOME. Reserve your seat now at NFPRSA.org. Trust me. You don't want to miss this!
Life is good
my dad said no .
The Thunder!
Thinking real hard......
that's perfect. They always get upset when they cant rip us off... So ironically I'm bringing my car back now!
Happy Mother's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the other moms out there.
thanks for...im speechless...i love you....its been quite the yr BABELA
Sounds great! Looking forward to hearing about it!
Hoping this day will go by quickly,
Fun fact: I offered Jorge 2 years, 5 million a year....and he still elected retirement!
Even better. RT Euphemstically termed "vaginal rejuvenation therapy"
Check WIR tomorrow for our report from the #804UM event. Lots of good lessons for young leaders (but that we think apply to all leaders).
I've heard there's a place in Portland OR. Very useful, right?
like most of the NBA fans in the world, they are now getting over-HEATed too...
Thanks for the RTs!
So what's the chance of DD fuckin both of yall? (jeezy voice)
Good luck in Haiti, Nic, and thanks for checking us out.
I wanna see that movie the dictator...its so racist
Q2: I've seen a need for group study for the YA age group so they don't feel like they're bothering others and can do their work
Need to find TOWIE online asap! Missing my weekly dose of & !
considering laura cohen's library 2.0 manifesto this morning, and i would like to add: our responsiveness to change will make or break us.
Good morning!
Gotta go get some basketball in then come back finish more work and then more work for unrelated work things..homework assignment
at least classes are only 20 minutes today.
Ok tweeps, it's the last Monday before Christmas. We want to know: do you get a real tree or a fake one? RT and let us know!
Adam sandler is awesome <U+2665>
lol iPhone correction at its best
How about those Buckeyes?
Cool. Hailstorm in L.A. Now THAT was unusual!
#1 play on , Hell yeah,
It RANG! But it said you're party is not answering this call will disconnect' /:
I <U+2764> food ! RT “: Im starting to believe that appetite is contagious all I did today was eat D: ”
Tonight with friends. Tomorrow with my future boyfriend hahaha and Sunday riding horses. #funweekend for once In a lifetime!
FE/R. Fitterman: (Plays YouTube video of "Aha Moment" ie advert for Mutual of Omaha.) #segue .
“: I wish someone could sit me down and explain exactly how #wmata works.” Mainly hamsters.
Holy wow. : Mike Morton is through mile 75 in 9:38. That's 7:42 pace and he's on pace for 100 miles in 12:51! (via )”
How in the heck do we cash in our vouchers for tickets online??? I cannot get help from anyone.
: I love you : no me lo creo xD
Happy New Year all!! Wishing you a happy & healthy 2012.
See you tonight 6-7.30p for my book launch! Hear me read about mtg Robert Duvall!
Good for Mario Gutierrez. That's awesome
What is the main industry of District 12?
I'm trying soo hard here. Not looking for an overnight miracle, just a sign that my efforts have meaning
If you want real faith you need to be real with God! No faking it! You can fake it with others don't even begin to try and fake it with God.
Miranda Lambert SHUT THE FUCK UP! HILLBILLY WITCH!
if #scotus won't take its shot to correct Citizens United, we could all cancel tv service from cable companies that won't refuse PAC ads.
please make these two free throws.
Its #FF jammn out 2 #korn while I get ready for work and I was jz telling that I had a dream of c-ing #korn in concert
Merchant Services & Products a Philadelphia area point of sale company has this product available and can place it in your restaurant,...
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! IS OUR LAST DAY 01.28.2011 www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Good luck to all the Indy Mini runners and walkers!
Of course it's supposed to rain on my birthday. Why would it be any different
should swoop in and get #EddieMurphy to do the #MovieAwards this year.
Watching ET always seems like itll be a good idea until you get to the sad part |:<
I like this
who the hell are you? Why are you creeping on me and
i like him
I imagining the water tower discussion. I like it.
ok...but what do u want?
Me and my Fam gonna eat Lovely by the end of this year....so focused
It also helped to only have one full-time job (watching coco) as opposed to 2
Big day, capped off with some intense sunburn from enjoying an hour outside
i survived NYE! barely... How bout u? We gotta connect big things this year buddy!
yes I saw u
Up with my lil crew lol :))
watching Spiderman part1 while eating shrimp and cookies #BestLunchEver !!
I want a bf who will put me 1st, stay faithful, and that Will love me for who I am <3
Being in a relationship is a full-time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
why weren't you at practice tonight?
i care if u dnt tweet anymore even though i dnt even know you i still care remember im here 4 you 43V3R okai :)<3 luv yaz !!!
I finished my recent artwork entitled "Nocturnal Wind", I posted it on facebook. I think I'm proud of it!
Goin hard tonight with my girls and !
What up Urban Soul it's ya boy Fantom of W.C.R.
Getting schooled (literally) by University of Tulsa football coaches.
with you there, cant afford another K in the lineup with reynolds and jones. Ridiculous guaranteed contract for WB.
Me And My Boys About To Work On 1 Beat Together Haha This Is Gonna Be Funn!!
today is so pretty ... to bad I feel like shit./:
I'm a broken down man
your fun to skype with even though we dont know what to talk about haha
Mother's Day was highly dysfunctional, but a good time overall.
I sing for Jesus!!!
Almost put braids in the beard this morning.
I'll be sleeping on the couch till I finally move out.
60's in Denver still. . . will it snow for Christmas?
welcome to the quad
Yep.... RT : me too. He deserves a better send off. Greatest closer in the game
You can now find , , on facebook!
Just applied for a job. Dear Lord.
Good luck getting there ... I hear Occupy has shut down the city
I think I just sent the longest text of my life.
First Of All, We Vote! Brothers, don't sit on those ballots; mark and return them ASAP. There is plenty of room on the #AlphaAction Train.
i really miss you to be honest. ha wanna play soon?
I'm gonna be the guy who says what we're all thinking, fuck you farmers.
if QPR wins, do they automatically stay up, or are they destined for relegation?
Good context for our panel. Knight Foundation merging media, minds, and money - Business - The Boston Globe b.globe.com/tb83mr
I can't believe it's been a year lololol and I had no idea it was #nationalbestfriendday lololol
Kallie welcome to the world party today! Hope that rain stays away
Shaquille O''Neal announces his retirement through his twitter
ha, agreed.
me too! Let's get tickets and freaking go
The best hours to pin on Pinterest are 8pm to 1am EST according to
Gifts are open. Being on the alcohol.
#BCEagles time to rock and roll!
definitely JC! Susy & I are going to a Mac event tonight
#HeySelena what"s is your favorite song that u wrote???
Are you sending out Christmas cards? Do you do the family pic or anything special? I better get working on my cards! -Kristin Burns
i got it! Crawford for Rudy!
they have new episodes on fridays (: I was happy to hear and see it!!!
I don't care who you are or what your deal is, wings and beer for lunch will instantly improve your day by 137%.
Dis Is My Favorite I tell my best friend everything
Thanks. I will take a look.
wtg to kick me back in my attitude mode,it was shaping up to be a glorious week,oh well.
I have some screeners for ya.
she's so good! Now i have to go listen to her
Definitely not digging it. Donovan looks like he busted out of Uncle Sam's Jail.
#thoughtsduringschool why isn't this bayside? Where's Zack Morris? When will I meet nick Jonas?
<U+2665> Downloading Songs For The iPod =d
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often drain the kids.'
u should be a vampire for holloween!
I've developed a recent addiction to hgtv
It was fun!
look up "Griswald" cast iron waffle maker....AWSOME!
Snow coming again to Richmond on a Saturday. Monday would be much better.
": No. No. Its not "2 Chainz." Its 2 CHAINZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. Remember these things."
Wow. Very cool. Not sure how to translate that into BritSpeak. Ripping?
About to watch the season premiere of Khloe and Lamar season 2!
*~logging off gotta go to 2hr~*
I'll pass your concerns to the reporter.
Tried to map. Unclear as to whether or not I did.
We get it You have a driver, you have a police escort, you want everyone to know you're important. We get it already. Shhh
What do you mean, you "am them tho"? (Sorry, it's late at night, and my brain's slowing down.)
he acquired them
nau "what can u bring to your students?" new online instructor - "charisma"
is that ok? I have a clearer pic if u want, xo
wear red for #WorldAIDSDay. we're getting closer to a cure
It's London-wet outside, right now.
MUCH going on in Newark this week—Aljira's Auction May 12 is a splendid way to witness the vitality of the arts in Newark.
For all the guys wearing it who don't successfully pick up women: "Swing and miss!" or "He struck out!"
ikr ?! I miss you can we hangout soon :)
passed 2k users last Friday. Today, we passed 2500. , we're coming for your numbers.
I didn't say shouldn't, I said couldn't.
Thank U & Happy Easter. Your friend, Daniel.
2012 doesn't have to be great, but I hope it's a hell of a lot better than 2011.
Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.
I did see that over the weekend. Helps OF depth a little I guess.
- Thank you. Hey, we have to meet soon to talk. I was just talking about you and network with Cheni of Sunshine Bronx.
no doubt. But I know jay can, but do you really think he would host a fest in Philly & not have all of State Prop on the bill?
We hear the event tonight at #SXSW is the must go to event. Anybody at #sxsw know of any other awesome events/panels?
Perfect 4 #thirstythursday Red Mtn Red. Big powerful Cabernet with elegant merlot and a touch of malbec. YUM
Dov Charney is imbued with the same audacious dreams. abc world news I am more inspired with it says the same made in America dream
good it's fantastic ! Hahaha I'm literally rereading 1 and I can't get over all the adorableness still hahaha
Thanks I will!
if your name is Irene come to the mother she has a free beer for you.
I am having major issues with Sony Playstation access. Online support calls have been futile. Does anyone care?
Pray for our ministry for abused Children when you can... God help all abused children www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Thanks Ken
For several days it stayed on the ground calling to parents to feed it... it was not strong enough to fly yet.
God lives in creation.
“: I got in a car accident, and I am about to get my car fixed at the garage. The accident is the other person's fault
ooooohh nothing! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
GOOD LUCK :D see ya saturday xD
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open
how old is it? ;D
Lucky !! I wanna go to the mall !
So hungry! What should I eat today? Suggestions? Need some ASAP!
Some swanky hotels in New York City are now renting rooms by the hour. Aren’t hotel rooms dirty enough already?
I totally thought of you and your idea for a "Where the Wild Things Are" SpiritHoods yesterday. RIP Maurice Sendak!
Don't blend in Stand Out! Be-you-tiful (: ~ Maricarmen
Woot woot first day of Football! My Highschool football has began!(;
awesome! Have you ever blogged about Life Insurance?
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through that thing?
I've always hated yogurt. But tonight, I decided to be open-minded and give it another try. Still nasty.
I'm glad I still get Hanover text alerts.
Can I ask yhu something ???
Laker Haters Get Real EVERYTIME They Win
Agree about Lowry. He is what he is. Goran is more gifted offensively.
Oh Brent, you incredible tool. "honey badger better care about that one?" seriously?
Thanks much for the inkscape suggestion!
I don't it nothing wrong with being gay, or whatever your choice of words are but if you're gloing to wear womens clothes hide the nuts :-/
terrible. We didn't get hit in Rochester!!!
New biz's won this wk and ADDY take-in complete. Stick a fork in me; I'm so DONE...
every time I hear Levels by Avicii, I wanna go back to PCB
thanks for the
The sign outside the MA State House says "holiday tree" but Christmas music is playing & says it's a Christmas tree.
Thanks! It was more of a boring-meeting doodle. ;)
fappinn with sandpaper
Preparing for Bjork show by trying to channel the emotional music of a heartbroken tree with hopes and dreams in the Icelandic forest.
I don't think they've hired anyone permanently over there. Good question for
Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing. - Rollo May
give me your email
IM IN G.A.
Wow. Do I ever need to make that my mantra?
an old lady and her old dog passed me running this morning.
not much my man! sup with you? hows nyu?
bawww, thanks! That's an amazing Jittergram, too.
Love ur life the way u want. Everybody has to learn things on their own
#ff and thank you!
just announced as the local opener for Action Item and Burnham at iLounge 10/28. Look out for ticket giveaways coming soon!!
UGH FEEL SO SICK
How britanna fans complain about not getting enough airtime.. Imagine being a klainer..
"Never let the fear of striking out get in your way." ~George Herman "Babe" Ruth
actually he is an immature little boy
what's ur favorite scene in Friends W/Kids?
The pancakes look delish. Wish I had time to try them this morning. Will soon.
Co-sign! RT : #140MTL <<< Have fun you guys:)
just got done eating what about you?
Off work & heading home to ! Super geeked its a nice afternoon outside! Gonna have to make sure I spend time out of the apt!
haha me too!! kinda wish i did hockey but then again kinda glad i didnt.
Apparently this tablet I've had in my closet still costs 200+ dollars.
Hey! What's the beer app you kids all use?
I'm not obsessing..... OKAY!?
My neighbor made up with her BF after their brawl on Saturday. She personally told me by repeatedly screaming "DEEPER" in Russian.
JOE WOS. Hey! Today's your day! BASH! BANG! BOOM! WOW! Thanks for all you do for cartoons, the Toonseum & Pittsburgh!
Thanks so much for the RT. I loved the book and love your family. I can't wait for the new episodes to start. :-)
That'd be a great question if panelists don't mention it.
If I tell my mom that I've unlocked 15 Get Glue stickers, maybe she'll stop asking for a grandchild.
My #iPhone periodically gets stuck repeating songs & I can't figure out how it happened or how to undo it. Can anybody help?
Pensacola! We have a show THIS Friday with A Bullet For Pretty Boy at Potential Church off Creighton! Come hang out! <3
Enjoy it while you can. This summer is getting crazier by the second.
you'll beat the traffic they all left at 3.
Listening to howling wind and the ice pop in my glass of Jameson's.
It is time for me to stop over thinking EVERYTHING and start living and having fun
you and me both Mister....watched last night and they looked like they were finally mad...time will tell
So Not looking forward to the dentist tomorrow
It's Working!
Heading to the Tournament of Champions! We're giving away a foursome & golf lesson w/ PGA Instructor Donald Baxter on hole 17!
watching #Atlantis prep for #liftoff ... T-8 minutes ...
When teams are winning, fans want to talk #capitalize & collect as much information as possible! Engage fans before streak ends
I agree, don't need any drama.
Joe Marillo is about to start! Live jazz from 7-9pm tonight!
is it bad if i find myself asleep more than awake?
Kind of ironic that Mariano Rivera went down clutching his knee in front of a sign that says, "Walk Off A Hero".
#np - Say - Method Man.
Pretty cool I would say. They need their own radio show!
Got dat Drip Swagg posted on FB and Reverb, check it out
Hey let's plan a day trip to the Museum of Mourning Art? I think their page needs a second opinion.
Low blow from the "Woman of Faith"
Better things await me. Poor money and conditions. Had to go.
I ain't know you spoke hood rat...
thanks for the mention!
When asked if she regrets giving son stun gun, Grimes said: "I'll never regret protecting my child."
the No. of student participants came down to 35. It'd better stay there.
More than 50% of ticket sales are from outside 5 counties. Certainly not all Cubs/Twins fans.
Shopping with In between classes.
is it like raining a lot a lot or just showering?
technically i think it was brentwood, but... really fancy brentwood.
You know? Guess what? I love you, without you I'll die if you're away!
Yup! He was!!
“: JUST BOUGHT MY... CONCERT TICKETS #fangirling” :O I'm jealous! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> lol.
Having a tough time rallying the troops for Golden Corral these days...
Going to #UNC? Come 2 our tag sale 2day at Chapel Watch Village off Eubanks (across from the park/ride). Books, cds, household items...
that's either really hot or really disgusting.
Gun Safes are giving people a feeling of control. People in this country are smart and they get it done when the times call for it! America
EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
Why do people Facebook stalk and the twitter page is OPEN? Why??? Because I don't give a Flying F!
Started P90 X today and I can feel it already ...DAMN
Back to writing.
Fanny pak looks like a bunch of froot loops hoppin around the dance floor.
lmao I already know human anatomy and physiology. I have studied you..
MT : I couldn't ask for anything more today than to have #2011AUGrad be a trending topic in the US!
Rt " I really don't need your gifts when I can afford what I want on my own. Thanks!" #RealShit ahaha
i agree 100 percent
dudes gotta hustle hard.
You would be a great fit with Denver. So yes, you should leave Canada.
Shift is Halfway over
Who guards Garnett? Have you seen what that NUH (ODB voice) has been doing? Dropping Big Ticket #s recently.
Boston Chapter needs new Game Watch location.Know BC alum bar owner downtown willing to host for us?
Next issue of LifeSTYLE Expressions Ezine will be inboxed tomorrow a.m.! Cheers!
I just saw The Avengers. I have a serious crush on Thor.
Time Warner Cable visit #2 within 17 days. I have absolutely no faith my problem will be fixed so I hope to be surprised.
What's black, yellow and covered in blackberries? A bramble bee!
had awesome dreams of belting my little heart out to an amazing song i don't know now that i'm awake. singing dreams are the best!
And now for a message from our sponsors: Have you ever thought of why we meet every year? Its to prevent global meltdowns. Or? Create em
US training quietly nurtured young Arab democrats
I wouldn't know wat to do if I saw a ghost!
I played Battleship a couple of times. I'm pretty certain that someone cheated every single game.
welcome back, so has mine. Shall we answer KSAs together?
Wish the 2 of you could be there when I am!
Spending the day in NYC.
KDC~sorry to hear about your aunt passing. I'm here if you need me. <U+2665>
LOL, well in that case take the all glass elevator.. pic to follow
Maybe I'll text him "You should watch High Fidelity instead"
For groups of 12, if we're already on a wait, we usually split you up into tables of 4 to get you in asap!
I left my phone in my room. I sorry but my lazy ass is not getting off of this couch just to get it.
I never got a text
Hey, we ARE playing tonight, right?
humm...where does one find drunk people this early in the week? :)
Racers-Riders, your chance to ride your bike across the Bridge over to Coronado - then 25 miles around the bay NBCSANDIEGO.COM- 2 register
newww icon from my senior year high school science class, i look like a nerd
Happy easter everyone..
you dude, how u b
We've gotten another contribution for A-guruphobia. A very special Thank You to Ericka Martinez.
Hold your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall - author unknown.
Thank you! :) and Yeah, Im in the San Fernando Valley .. You need some ink?
no I didn't .
The word "fan" is an understatement, ;). One of my favorite, local cafés is Barriques. Great coffee, wine and food!
deal! best friends starting ....now :3
It's time for a nap in Napa ... or coffee.
i'm serious bitch! even moving my hand hurts! ugh!
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian Tracy
I want to go to dave n busters...
I LOVE CHLOE GRACE MORETZ! SO COOL AND AWESOME!
Chiefland, FL needs new signage, stat
is it streaming live online?
Does anyone wanna frolf with Blake and I?
no need Iknw what u talking about
Salary concerns will have to be factored into a deal, since the Blackhawks are still hovering near the League's $59.4 million
- thanks! I collect anything that is unusual, rare, or strange - preferably all the 3 at the same time. :)
Watch out...there is "fresh meat" in the social media waters called Pinterest and the consultants are circling wanting you to take a bite...
- I'm on my phone right now. Can you briefly explain what you're offering?
I hope i'm not the only one who feels the need to dance on a table whenever "Where Them Girls At" is playing.
#idol - Phillip had a good song fit and kept in mellow but missed a bit going too high on some notes.
just funny the way sites like that evolve. Users ask for stuff like that and later that's what people complain about!
I do have news (good). I'll have to tell you.
stuartpykesport some one tell Sir Chris Hoy to turn off his twitter account for a day or two
until i said matt wouldnt be there & she was like oh okay!
man that's where I'm from cant change that.
Gym > Sleep
wow. those are some seriously racist radio commercials new york.
Just finished submitting a few short nonfiction pieces to a literary mag here in VA...hope one is accepted, wish me luck!
My niece moved my teddy bear and I thought he was gone forever. I freaked out. Then I found him. Its all good.
Good luck to all our player playing in the various Senior Bowls, Muah!
Discussing digital inclusion and how it impacts homeless families in our community!
My new favorite place to write is on the Amtrak train.
I was thinking about you today! I can't WAIT to hug your neck again in 3.5 weeks!
RT It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly. -- Isaac Asimov, author
any single women out there interested in a guy like myself in the Houston Texas area? :)
justin bieber i love u
Readyy for dis food to get done
Aw yeah ^_^
Now is the time to review your budget for security for your #safes.. I would be happy to help.
lol, ;) okay ill come to maryland! Hahaha! It was my first battle ever. I was so nervous!
Not to self: Listen to your body. When my knees hurt, it's okay to stop and take a break. I am paying for it now.
Oh Mr. Friendly Neighborhood Pony wherrreeee are yooouuuuu???
“: girls with jealousy problems are fucking annoying” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Dream killer.
Winning the race.is about how you feel inside.
Because of its being a trailblazer, many other job search engines have been put up but Monster remains the leader in this industry
Looking forward to a big weekend in New England with Bestselling Author Thanks to All our New Eng. Distributors much Love!
Teachers are a convenient scapegoat for other more sinister agendas. I think Glenn Beck's Faith, Hope, Charity movement is a potential start
Thank you so much!
Things have gone awry. I lost my dad but have his white Russian concealed in my purse. Now eating chips in an empty dressing room.
Thought this was a joke - that's scribe-cist!
Honestly....im a obsessed with PINK. Everything there is just so dang cute.
Did you miss out on an hour of listening to #FrankSinatra last night? You can make up for it by hearing his greatest songs performed live!
I can't wait for u and to get here to Florida. He's gonna go so far<3 please follow me!:)
you are welcome
hey, did you still want to co-own? :)
I had a church family till i started making mistakes
God your such a hottie baby!<3 WISH I WAS THERE!:/
Nothing to say about Beasley and the Lakers' interest?
RT : Lmao, they just ask me Girl were you really married?!?! I'm like No #Damn <<~~~~BWHAHA!!!!
Your annoying af
haha im crazy obsessed sorry if i annoy you with my tweets ;)
and wth? 10 to get in and it's just us!
Good Morning from Miami. :-)
Do you ever have one of those nights where you just sit there and wait to go to bed?
Good morning, Tweethearts! Hope you all have an amazing day today!!!
did u do ur best on the TCAP test last week
A wonderful bloom begins its life in the dirt.
:: Did anyone see the blonde tornado on Live at 4? Annie Scholz is still covered in fur...
DP eh? lol. I never would have thought that...... :P RT : I love da Dew...over anything! Except DP. Love DP!
On our way to effingham again :]
TY for the shout out! Updates to come! The anthology horror lives!
- alredy knw my G these females out here shiest AF !!!
Awesome, i sure will
RT I jus couldn't be the nigga shouting "beef in bun" all the time lol that shit would mak me sound homo Lolol
We are the Easter people . . . celebrating spring, life, rebirth. Anyone wearing special hat today?
"Nothings impossible. Only if you believe it is" -Alice in Wonderland :)
used aveda sap moss shampoo this morning. last liter ever. it smells like california circa 2007.
Attending the St James Potomac School game in Hagerstown,Md
Co hosting with OFA and Drinking Liberally a State of the Union Watch Party @ Sams Uptown Cafe, Tuesday Jan 25th starting at 8pm...
Our guests enjoy bingo: lots of fab prizes & never a charge for cards! R U non-profit? Do your fundraiser here: low cost space & use of set
toothpaste thief...
Never misses a softball game, always there for me, takes care of me, loves me no matter what I do? #extraordinarymom #happymothersday :):)
What are you good at? Put it to use in your financial plan....systems to grow financial security.
Open House today at 802 NE SUMNER ST. from Noon-3pm. New Home with views, walking distance to Alberta Street Shops. WWW.EVERETTHOMESNW.COM
You can't leave your swag at home.
How about a course teaching recruiters how to write job reqs?
Are your surprised that Google has a Cloud Print?
First Stephen Malkmus sighting of the night!
i need to get on that
Ganoderma is a chinese herb used for it's healing for 4,000 years. It has no recorded side effects.Want to learn more?Check out my website.
Pepsi should change the labels on their diet cherry pepsi bottles to distinguish them more clearly from diet pepsi. not colorblind friendly
Awww. I love you Sebastian Smythe :) <3 Who doesn't love a bad guy? Especially a changed one? <3333
Dont start with u? Oh dont worry cuz Im finished with u!
hello recipe man!
I'm devastated.
We literally can't wait! Love our OTS team! RT: The impending visit of the girls has us super excited.
lol ha ha
You're just going to keep rejecting the more sophisticated stats, huh? A 0.5 RPG increase accompanying a 6.4 MPG one is bad.
You'd take me sixth!?
quick Wilson Phillips on the
.I wish I was a mermaid...
Get out of the rain and come in for some steak chili or ale house gumbo!
I still don't understand the point of twitter - but I have it just in case it makes me rich.
I'm starting to dislike Huntsman.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!:)))
day with the Choir girls i.think YES !"
Ah its going to be a boy!!:D
thanks just weighed in at 125.4
Hey please don't do these secret promos during finals, I had no idea what was going on missed out. I bet I'm to the only one!
p.s. Minho acting is EL-OH-EL
Bed time
cell phones are the re-emergence of pocket watches.
Think cold weather make yu wanna lay in bed all day
now I know what you were talking about with that camera angle. Terrible!
teh interwebs are slow for me today. boo network.
Indeed! RT : #Blogging Best Practices, first impressions count, grab attention with design.
Thank you to the entire cast and crew! We are in post-production!
when im going 60 in a 45 and i see a white crown victoria and have to slow down so i dont get a ticket
I love you!! Follow me?<3
#thevoice would get much better ratings if would take his shirt off. Or maybe wear a leotard at least.
get ya ass out the car asap lol
: Help keep jobs in your community. Keep your friends & neighbors employed. Support local independent business.
i am so stressed
it was the only hotel left available that was in my price range. it's on the shuttle line and ultimately bikeable *but* :-(
Look darling...its Johnny Ringo
WHY? Need literature: my female participants seemed to have larger networks, or be more willing to report more names in my survey.
There is a serious anatomy lesson happening. Complete with margaritas
So anyone else going to RAGE on congress? The 30th weekend?
Taking the first step even if I don't see the whole staircase
I'm flying to him actually. Hahaha because I'm going to Lubbock too. OMG let's find a job together. Haha
Happy FRIDAY Portland!
Way to go, President Obama.
Hahahah omg RT : Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.
change is necessary....
These screams are real.
#ArtWaklkJax is on! Come see us!
Lucy.. who you be talking about?
is discussing discrimination against #Elvis Impersonators.
have a great moment whatever u do :)enjoy:) its hollidays:)
There really aren't any words... When you buy it, do you get the one modeled?
Just tapped Black Diamond Old Geezer Barleywine.
I took a nap this afternoon. Thus, I'm up past my bedtime and thinking about stepping out. Thoughts? Plans?
March Prop C was 62% yes/ failed. November Prop J was 58% no/ failed.
A wise man once said that learning how to play the guitar is a lot like trying to eat an elephant ... you can only do it one bite at a time.
thats the fucking movie right there bro!
593 likes!! that almost 100 more in a week!! Thanks guys!!
Leaders need to "serve the servers" - via
Religious liberties. (Dis)Establishment. Exemptions. Constitutional law. This is the stuff life is made of!
i'm friends w/ a guy i've known since i was 7 on facebook. he's an amateur bodybuilder- & i <3 how he always likes my wildly feminist posts!
I'm really too young to be feeling this old
( I need some of them tickets bad!!!!! i would love to go to the turkey jam
mom just said "he had you from hello"
I don't understand cricket myself...also sad being that is the favorite sport of 1/4 of humanity...maybe one day
I'm so surprised about Soul Train founder, creator, producer and host Don Cornelius.
of Facebook talking live about govt FB pages. Send questions to
that boy just funny looking
Please god let it be me xx ??
I hate to say dis but if ur still pulling the rasicm card in the year 2012 u needa be shot that was to long ago not to let go by by now damn
“: i wanna win this game, cuz i wanna go in the playoffs with momentum...” x2
Can't decide which one to watch: I have Frankenfish, Carny, and Mansquito on the DVR. I love
Did I seriously just have to turn the heat on in my car?! Brrrrr!!!
Yippee!! RT : Confetti, kazoos, champaign, all that.
The queen<U+266B>
Huh, who knew? RT : Fredric Baur invented the Pringles can. When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
I had to self-medicate to get through his debate performances too.": ....Rick Perry used pain killers to get through debates
lol i know i jus saw an chance to promote my Ep lmao check it out an tell me what u think haha
Like what I've got to say on twitter? Check out my facebook: www.facebook.com/irvingslosberg
great job on Torres & great statement to repeat offenders! How bout the refs who missed the call now???
Thx for the kind words! Glad you're digging the Willeford.
the rain makes my hip ache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Bourbon braised pork tenderloin, asparagus, wild rice and Ben & Jerry's to top it off
just looked it up. I thought that it was way more expensive than that. Looking like only $15/mo.
your greatly appreciated for everything you've done !
Live your passion every day.
#SubwayFan? rt if the first thing you thought of was austin. ;)
Yay! #Cubs are taking the field!
i don't do part time people and i don't care who you is!
Auto Racing Weekend auto racing glance - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
"You won't be in Queensbridge, you'll be in Oklahoma City" LMAO at Craig Sager
Thanks, I appreciate it.
So happy for you! I write poetry for my sister who left us as a baby & always whisper to her! Love to read your poetry- i hear it :)
#RandomShoutout to ! Go follow!
Ah hey friend!!!
Rather inept weekend, but I'm not the first to have said this. Good night.
are you pregnant? What did boo-boo do to you? Lol
What r #thoseladies up 2? This ladie is with her momma Yay!
#neversaynever cool movie i love your movie...!!!!
thank you :)
"Taken" - guns = "Finding Nemo"
Today seems like one of those days! One of What Days? Exactly, my point...
LIKEWISE BETCH!i It's the final countdown.
Rockstar is playing on AMP I miss you guys :'(
#TrueLies in affect as we speak, tryna finish this project for nxt year
Come on in! No tickets needed RT : are you having any tickets events for tonight or can you just come in ?
I need a burrito, someone get me a large burrito... and some scotch.
happy birthday
you're welcome lil lady :-)
No Scrubs, Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Nsync.
“No one is so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm
oh haha good luk...i took me an hour lol..see thats why ima get a low score>.<
Omg my mom just called and told me she got me an autograph from Hosea Sanchez off the game(happy)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>#pics.....soon 2 cum!!!!!
The gratest party on Saturday is @ Sky Lounge DownTown!.!! Best Hip hop music!. 4 DJs in the mix. Drink Specials! 132 E. Washington St.
The library is quiet. If I wanted to, I could do my Flash Dance interpretative dance without disturbing the serious Scholar!
That ass looks like a sloppy bigmac ewwww!!
how do all these girls get your number? Do they just ask?
Are you still looking for pillows for your wish room? I made a pillow (named The Siren) who is looking for a home. Let me know!
Tonight at Rogue on Dickson, in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Show at 7.
Jef....with one F. Really?
Big cheer for coffee, guys!
It'll never catch on. :)
Do you like to eat breakfast for dinner?
Thanks sweet friend! Be sure to leave comments & ask questions during the show. We're going to make it interactive & fun!
ah, i have yet to watch firefly! maybe i'll get to it this summer...
good morning AJ!!
Quiz night starts at 8 and its only $1 to play! Plus there is a brewers game at 7:10 so that means $2 hot dogs and $3 Louies and Damsel cans
will be live at 5/6pm from Riverwalk for the Capital City Classic then he throws the first pitch!
Am I the only person who doesn't use Instagram ?
IT DOESN'T THO!! TELL ME HOW THEN? ? (IM WAITING...)
“: Pandora is on point this morning” wish mine was !!
Damn Kobe is just amazing when he has it going... Unreal
wait, does that make Randy Savage? #oooooooyeah! :-)
my gym membership may be jeopardized but it's certainly necessary to break out the GBurg guns #3PointStance get this kid some H20
Anthony brought along Sheri Bigelow, a fellow Happiness Engineer from Automattic.
did you try uploading it to soundcloud?
oh. I only used a jailbreak for tethering and I'm satisfied with the HTML5 app right now. I'm looking fwd to iOS 6!
anyone else having trouble getting to ? cc/
RT : highlights how many recip countries have economies growing at 6% or more despite development challenges
Good Times Right Now Up in Here!!!
we only research pro sports, but you might want to narrow your search down to certain conferences/teams and contact them.
i got you when i get outa class fam !
Are there any good #Twitter tools that can analyze my follower base? To learn what topics are important to my followers?
omg im so glad tomorrow is friday lol and nahh im good i dnt need a massage juss sum rest ahaha
Thanks!!! I found a way to get it on the device in epub format, but it would be great to get it into iTunes.
yeahh and where are you from?:)
Another major advantage of factoring is that your business can receive cash flow earlier, typically in 1-2 business days.
Characters must grow or diminish.
Geez after all the gushing I did about #nyc before leaving, you would think I would get a more welcoming return.
Just saw one of your ads in a magazine ..honeydew!
I agree and I think both Tebow and Peyton are SuperBowl capable in the next 3 years given their weapons.
Just lettin it hang
It's Women's Day today! Smile ladies, you're all amazing, beautiful, and insanely great!
Rack city bitch rack rack rack city bitch
Part two of the big #H50 crossover tonight. Get excited!
Thank you Tim for your support! Means a lot.
Is it just me or are Natasha Campbell McBride and Stephanie Senoff discussing sulphur deficiency at the same time?
Just not sure..
tell us how
tell Grammy I said happy mothers day.!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Tempted to run and dive in 's pool. SO HOT.
fronnt row for that flawlessness. y e s.
I know you're hurt, being the huge Andy Griffith fan you are.
You're welcome! :)
Thanks Eli! <3
good to hear, I've been good, the crew's been good too, but I got reeaalllyyy bad news :/
I know wtf right? I wish there was an airline that didn't do that stuff so we could just fly with the terrorists...
bringing back the classics... MARIAH CAREY;)
if you are a good teacher who doesn't believe all students learn in the exact same ways then yes, UDL is common sense
If you are "going away" to college, do you have your Housing & Meal Plan selected? At many schools this is done via your online account.
more with Django today
IM SO DISAPPOINTED. YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME.
We've never been so happy to hear isn't dead!
that guitar is snazzy.
How's that chopper, bud?
There is no better way to spread positive vibes then through some great music.
RT : I dont have trust issues. I just dont trust YOU !
that makes 2 of us P:<
thanks :D
Anyways , se went to the bathroom so for the next 2 mins or so ,i"ll be taking over . FOLLOW ME =)
just played Willie Jones I "The Next Phase". HOT!
is killing it right now. If you can't follow her, you, just missed out on Geeky Rachel crush politics in the GOP...Awesome show.
"Kels" and I just had a talk. To sum it up: I'm a RP account for Mass. I need ppl to RP TPC, and I was wondering if-
>>> Wordpress site setup with Theme of your choice from www.elegantthemes.com ($39 value), Google traffic tracking & free blog FOR JUST $127
This is really deep deep deep thats why I tweet tweet tweet.
Just saw Ron Shock @ The Comedy Attic. It was a great show!!!
Alright! posted new cast list for upcoming film, The Sister....I play his editor Abby :)
my aunt was a great lady! loved by very many people. she was the heart of the family for everyone. i hope the fam heals soon.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Who wants to to a Fast and the Furious marathon with me :)
I set Joey up with a hot babe last night it was great
Thanks for the RT and helping to spread the Richie love!
Happy Mother's DDay!
Took the afternoon off to attend Circus Vargas. Love Circus and variety arts!
It's a leather pants leopard shoes hair slicked back kind of day.
Only way to live man! Have a great day!
Allegedly the Tweets the POTUS sends out are "signed" - BO
Swizz's sweetness >>>
I keep going on about this, but....Prometheus...holy shit. I'm willing it to be good.
Yeah #madonna brought out her black sidekick
Thank you, this was fun!
Yes, you can! LA traffic is the worst!
well bitch is female dawg, you can't be after the biebs if you're a guy... did your balls get cut off yet?
I hear it's around a hundred smackers for both parks.
What? Whatt? Why do you keep bothering me??
My body feels like it got hit by a train =/ but this happens from time to time so its all good =]
Sometimes I'm not even sure Lakers need titles to be relevant in Kobe Era. Win or lose they dominate mindshare like no other team
nice! but yeah/:
sweet now I have to pay a premium!
I'm single by choice. Just not my choice...
RT Don't be an eyewitness to your life, participate. Stop letting things happen to you and make them happen for you. Takeover.
What a match. Nice try #qpr - glad they are staying up for another season.
yes katrina, shania has the same number.
Yeah, I won't be listening to 'Book of Soul' too many more times. That shit is eerily good, but in a daunting sense.
Every great leap forward in your life comes after you have made a clear decision of some kind. -Brian Tracy
Table read today for a new short film called The Dark One by Director John Dondero. I am playing a crazed villain in this one!!
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Digital media has emboldened many brands to consider themselves publishers. Red Bull has developed their own TV channel on Facebook.
Good Morning, thanks for the follow ;-)
I just had krave this morning!!:) but not that one:)
Melissa and I are on the road and listening to you on NPR... very cool! Lunch next week?
My sister talks too much -.-
Probably the same guy who renewed Flo Rida's contract gave Mac Miller a record deal. Mac Miller being the rapper who says "Most Dope Ass."
You seen me at my best & seen me at my worst. So when this shit ends, you know it's gonna hurt. We should of known, nothing lasts forever.
I'm reading Primal Blueprint by ... really engaging also, but in a different way I'd imagine.
here you go...
I hope Shumpert alright
All Beliebers can you Please follow me I love justin and support him now and always follow and donate 10 cens to pencils of promise !!
We earned this Friday and were going to wear it out like an old shoe.
seattle was part of , please try to add a date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 3
bored as fuuuuu wanna go an do somethin-___-
why are you computerless?
If #Lakers lose, I'm gonna be forced to stay up 2 hours to write a finger-pointing column. And I don't wanna go to bed at 3:30...
#HelloGuys I need followers :S Please #FollowMe as soon as Twitter lets me follow you all back I'll follow you back :* Please thank u all!!
We hope politicians can agree that everyone should be safe from #domesticviolence—regardless of their sexuality or gender identity.
"How often in life we complete a task that was beyond the capability of the person we were when we started it." Robert Brault
I'm Burger King and your McDonald's, I'll be having it my way and youll be loving it
One thing I lovee about me: I don't beat around the bush, I go straight to the point and do not be caring if people get mad or not.
" Gaysians are like gray hairs! I block one and like 3 more pop up!!". I DIE...
Apple and US Air Force
was that a hall pun??
#iLoveWhenYou GIVE me HEAD in the MORNING!")
Wth wrong wit everybody
Visiting my mom in the Columbia Hospital after a horrible fall that broke her leg :-( Poor mom
First take is my favorite show by far.
no joke!
pulled my hats & scarves out of hiding from last winter. it feels like christmas!
what about kanye west
what's your e-mail address? i'll send you a vip invite to the cheezburger party on sunday night.
Listening to some Brian Culbertson this morning...
That feeling when you have to be in an elevator with your mom and a random hot girl.
#CelebrityApprentice - Trump listened 2 that dude. Aubrey was one of the smartest contestants..a person may not like her, but she is smart
of course:) Happy Mother's Day!
I am craving something sweet oh no!!!
Congratulations and thanks to the organizers and speakers for an excellent afternoon at #gravityfree !
Well going back home... Guess Nealer will have to rely on his mom too make him food.
all you need to remember is that we became bffs
I am currently looking for an HPLC chemist in the DFW area.
That paycheck is gonna be massive tho. Can't wait to see it. Definitely gonna treat myself to an overdue vacay.
Started a new screenplay project today- after today's 1 1/2 story meeting I'm ready to dive in and work!
There is some real talent here, and I want to see us win, get out of Nashville,put you a mini tour together, build networks in other cities.
Sounds like a winner! ( the gaf that is lol )
I love how fast you reply, lol. But alright, I think I lost your number when I got a new phone!
seriously you guys PC shopping is really weird
I need to get to sleep. But im totally wide awake. Humph.
So nice out
I'm reviewing final assets for a website, deciding on a list of brand names for a start up and shooting over the weekend. Overloaded!!!
Listening to on the morning show...you don't knw like I knw, what the Lord has done for me..so true,
thank you man...that's what I thought too. If I get the 1st I'm strongly considering picking Rodgers.
My family is fascinated by Titanic story. It's been requested that I wake them at 2:20 am to listen to the last song played.
DM'ed me
Im glad i have back as a friend
Are you paying more for changing the neck label
The whole car strapped n i aint talkin seat belts
RT : humidity>Heat
Blessed to see another day
Mizoo just blew up my bracket... :(
I dont know about you, but I want to be free.
Start the day off with a good book and some cigarettes... This is a new day for me.
Ya 2day is gona be a HOT day ;)
you kno how I do
did you get it cause I erased it :P
And I thank god I finally found you.
it has become fashionable to provide feedback by default, but providing user inline opt-out
haha they will cut him soon enough
I totally just watched Infernal Affairs 2 & 3 back to back. There goes my Sunday.
Thank you for the update.
i love my parents
Watching alvin and the chipmunks with (:
These are the nights I wish I had you to talk to...
Big girls don't cry
And there you are!
So Shadow Complex is worthy? RE5 blows. Wii Sports Resort rules (borrowing from friend).
Haha yeah, why do you ask? Did you see my sweet Quidditch link today?
Right. Have to find some indigo sox to mirror the boys...Ha.
"Two can keep a secret, if one of them is dead." Just started watching Pretty Little Liars for the first time.
thanks for bringing this up!
I hope that isn't how his career ends.
Thanks for the RT!
Even if Three Cups of Tea is in fact a sham, it makes you want to DO something. So...there's that!
sounds like my dog. What breed is yours?
The Beard is eternally nameless.
is gonna kill me tomorrow. So I'll sing a melody and hope to god she's listening, sleeping softly while I sing. #MaydayParade <3
Great idea from #bcs2012 - publish a "blooper reel" of unfinished posts/thoughts on your blog and ask for feedback.
RT : The new book is in & on our front table. Feel free to flip through it disinterestedly, you jaded louts.
Jumping on the bike and headed to Bradley Center to give The Black Keys fans rides after the show. Call us 414-272-RIDE.
hugs!!!!! Can't wait to see you!
What? I was there a hour ago.
later gator
I love anything handmade and one-of-kind... #craft fairs, vintage, estate sales, all that good stuff.
I know it is hotter than the hubs of heck out there, but it sure is nice in the shade on the cow patio! Git on down here now! Giddy Up!
Now that's a real voice Taylor Swift.
PLAYOFFS BABE!!!!!!!
Ultra this weekend. Miami traffic to the beach
If you haven't had a chance to listen to the Turnpike Troubadours newest album, Goodbye Normal Street, check it out. It's beautiful
watching the hunger games over and over and over and over again. its so fun :D
At applebees with
Spreading lies about me
anytime buddy :-) I'm always here if ya need me
um these note cards...?
What's the skinny on the official (or not) #KAConnect 2011 pre-func? If there isn't one, there's about to be. Anybody in?
haha don't you love how that happens sometimes
David West = Thug
aww I miss my bug!
We're (Ross Stores) seeking Store Mgmt in the following locations: Texarkana, Bossier City, Abilene, Amarillo and Tulsa apply online Today!
:[ *fingers crossed!!*
I knw your a cowboys fan. What's your thoughts on peyton to the boys?
technically you drove up. And as a former IH resident. We have art? I thought it was just about stocks and the republican party?!
how much is the mt dew vodka/is it good?
YEAH NICKY J!
Congratulations to Art Monk of White Plains HS (NY) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Oooohhh...there's some brutal signs out there in the crowd. "BenedicT ArNold ReTurns".....
One of our greatest soul treasures, Teddy Pendergrass, dead at 59. RIP.
What does Thursday morning look like for you? I think we need to steal Amber for a coffee date :)
neither are I and math and accounting, they can all get outta here!
yal are dumb
If marketing is the vehicle that drives your sales, professional photography is the shiny new coat of red paint that gets it noticed!
It's March. We were supposed to close on our house this month, but I don't think it's going to happen. blah. "Short sale" is a misnomer.
great meeting you at #MingleBellsSD!
here's the deal if u have blonde hair & u color it darker u know u STILL hV 2 treat ur hair as BLONDE if not u will look like a SKENT CAT!
Hey, Little Ant by Phillip Hoose: To step on or not to step on...that is the question!
Are you saying Mariano Rivera was not a clutch player? I think he was as clutch as anybody -ever! :i meant 2001 world series game 7
Merry Christmas to all our fans! We hope you all have a wonderful time with your loved ones!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~David Brinkley
There's part of me that thinks it is a perfect Christmas gift.
Super windy in Mukilteo tonight.
twitter+facebook+youtube=youtwitface.com
exactly! I don't have the stomach for most of it! *gag*
Finally got a kiss! Thanks, Hershey's.
Come find us tomorrow at the 2012 DC Addy Awards! A dozen or so Pappasites will be attending to revel in yet another year of great work.
And be kind one to another,tenderhearted, forgiving one another.- Ephesians 4:32
“An academy award watching actor.”
Getting banned from mcdonalds for coning.
WE HUSLIN HARD OVER HERE ...B.H.P NEW MIXTAPE >>>HUSLIN N ORDER vol. 1
RT : Laying n bed, chill'n n watching Martin <U+263A><<<
yes im soaked! Sprinting home to blow dry my hair.
good call
What am I chopped liver?
its funny that in many rooms in this house you can play spot the nutella jar.
Can I get a normal sleep pattern!?!? That would be great.
not to encourage skipping class, but maybe you should skip class. (This tweet will self destruct in 3...2...1...)
Oh what's T.J. Say! Hey hey hey whats TJ say
I'm raging with my story about voter ID!
im allergic to cats.. yet i have one
I love you Tosh!
Yesterday's tweet about family math night had the right date but wrong day. Sorry about that. Today is the right day!
Three teenagers killed in a suspected drunk driving crash. We have reaction from friends in Northern New Mexico. At 10 on KOB.
meant to tell you--I'm giving Bikram a try. Felt like death after the first class but loved yesterday. Your tweets inspire me!
OwO am in love. I think I'm going to need to acquire some money before you get into MKE so I can BUY ALL THE THINGS<U+2661>
wats up y dont u hit me up
Napoleon Bonaparte: The human race is governed by its imagination.
The weekend is here... Stay thirsty my friends... TGIF!!!
I literally die every time #KristenWiig stabs the Eiffel Tower in #Bridesmaids! #Toofunny!
agreed on both accounts. I feel like not that many people even watch The Office anymore?
Chest all big n shitt
Even worse was the moment this semester when I was that person.
I'm just going to go ahead and guess that this is not puppy's "Happy Face".
RT If your names Austin *cough* *cough* (;
is in Big Bear, CA for 3 weeks of filming a Starring Role in a Feature Film, with my wife Eileen Prudhont, who has a Supporting role.
Support Newark’s 1st After-School Program for LGBT Youth w/ remarks by Cheryl Clarke, Loretta Weinberg & Cory A. Booker. DM me for details
heck ya!
Saw that earlier, I love it! I must say, MCA has brought out some really amazing tributes.
“: ...technology is not my friend today... :(” OMG... and technology is a vengeful mo'fo...
Agnieszka will perform tonight (Wednesday) from 6-10 pm at Pete Miller's Wheeling (412 N Milwaukee Ave)
OK... 50 years ago!? Are you fucking kidding me!?!? THIS is news? How can anything these people say be credible? For fucks sake!!
Forget RENT-TO-OWN appliances, they need RENT-TO-OWN kids. that way after 30 days if you dont want the little $#!+ head you can return him
what up Bill?
Never heard that
Thanks for the follow back! (:
ROFL...eat more meat...ROFL...
Why does this fool keep trying to hit me on my face with a basketball, I don't even know him at all!
I'm happy we had bff time :-)
Lol, I like your bikini. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
It's snowing!
ALMOST passed my writing test
yesterday was great...im sure today will be the same.
Check out At www.whoistrillogy.com Listen up n Polo Everything like ya boys Listen up n Learn!
tell the boy happy birthday from me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
il check it out tonite
RT : ": whats your prediction for the Bears/Lions game??" Turnovers. Not pastry.
I was able to get a nap in after work today
OMG ! I've just received a huge basket of pink/purple summer flowers with a box of choccys, there was no card ? an anonymous sender ?
Sore throats stink...really don't want a cold right now!
Been a Asst. Mgr. for 6 years and i'm ready to ball out!! Let's run it Nate!! Help a brother get it in!!!
lol i hear u but i think ima cum back down dere for a few days around the 1st so shit be on the lookout 4 the silver bullet
Not our friend on Facebook? You should be! Follow us to get exciting updates about what's going on next week. You could be a winner!
however..sometimes the selection isn't quite the same nor are the prices but I try to support everyone
ughh. So sorry to here layoffs may be coming.
listening to your music right now on SoundCloud
Can't sleep smoking one watching 70s show
The Duck Song! <U+E523>
i don't know if they can. i mean this 16 yo kid is the cause of all the problems in the city
and sexy is just part of it, slut shaming and judging is what leads to problems.
They do slightly. If everyone just started following me, I'd probably feel pretty good about the whole thing.
I grew up in Gov't Housing, medicaid & went to food pantries. As an ADULT, I'm a productive member of society. I PAY taxes. I'M NOT A LEECH!
I have redefined "spring cleaning" by putting 2/3 of my belongings in storage today. Welcome back to #NYC apts and
let's do it tomorrow before class
Thanks! for the #FF love!
my dog just ate my whole breakfast.
This time next week I'll be home... I'm happy but I'm sad too
My little predator friend is back, like clockwork, just before the sun sets. He watches me. Maybe he knows that I'm glad he's here.
Your the best Javar :)
is it Busy?
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in "Precious"
Hey coffee-hounds, feeling oppressed by Starbucks? Large cup at Subway is $1.31.
omg finally another man who's on my level.
happy Sunday guys.
After a week away from home, I drove back from Minneapolis after the exam... and headed straight to the office.
Sunday funday with and Alex!
I know when is online cos my whole page fills up!
Our breakfast buffet is staying open until 2pm on Sunday the 31st due to the #Cardinals vs. #Cubs games.
Just did week 3, day 1 of #c25k with !
Time is precious...Every moment is a gift. -Camille Rodriquez
“: There is a standard. Its cool if you don't live by one. It doesN't stop "The Standard" from existing.” <<< preach brother <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
My dad and I bond via Storage Wars. YUP
what a bully >.>
I'll get your blood pumping, call me cardiac.
Thank you! Good to have the little man back home with us. If I can just kick that pesky habit of sleeping, it'll be all good.
On second thought, UK should probably do that
I've been trying..
#primFTISLANDNYC Come come come come come to New York please!
Let's go G-Men!
It's quite frightening to most ppl, the idea that we take them out of the mainstream, out of the norm. But once you do ...
Sto-Rox High School's #Anti_Bullying_Association presents a skit on bullying and its effects -
Noah's double-double sinks Pacers
wonders if March Madness will live up to the hype.
i need to go to sleep, but im not
Living young and wild and free :)
What in the twitter-tarnation is that?????
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>okay then boy me and yur momma gonna tag team yu
Agreed... RT: : Just saw the Avengers. Perfect.
Tonight: Santa Fe. Not sure when we go on, how much the cover is, or much else. Just show up and we'll sort it out.
Lol don't think I've ever used that word. But don't worry, ur secret is safe with me! Have an awesome day!
Econ prof keeps using corn on the cob as an example of elastic demand in video lectures. Is it summertime yet?
Don't recall having a better momo yakitori than the one I tasted at Ippuku yesterday. Happy hour special is half price Shochu by the glass
Happy to talk about our approach, Jeremy. RT : I must be missing something as I don't see the wave of criticism yet.
I called and gave him the message. He's in line purchasing a new phone, he said ok.
If i get tagged in another sneaker picture on facebook i swear<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Awesome opening Night!
we are closed today for #PresidentsDay. We will open at normal hours tomorrow! Enjoy your day
“: WI added 23,321 jobs in 2011 (57,221 more than estimates suggested). Haha the math skills of a college dropout.
next Friday works for me!!
Butterflies butterflies in the air.. Am I the only one who doesnt care? lol.
happy morning out to the thanks for the tip Chris! have a great one!
I watched all of these movies like 5 times each I'm tired of watching these shits Frfr -_-
The one and only person I want to talk to, I can't.
for dad at work or play jcwesternwear.com has it all. shop in stores or on line
Well, that sucks.
its to late...the damage has been done already!
Average number of query terms in #europeana is 1,86, so much lower than in web search engines
Who is going to the Grand Opening of Static tomorrow night?
why?! your not gunna give up on guys cause then if u do, u were never gay in the first place..so you mean relationships? maybe?
Okay, last year I booked airfare to Buffalo, Ny for $250 round trip, this year $250 from a hub airport 5hrs away To go in July, it's $550
Everything is going Denver's way.
#AWD members reminder: Computer Lab in Holmes today for first round of peer review work!
RT : Firing librarians because everything is online = firing accountants bc everyone has a calculator on desk.
Thx for the feature on your daily!
Bumbling superhero Tick = funny. Tick crawling up your leg when you already have flu-like symptoms = unfunny.
Maxwell: talking about recent research on the impact of increased openness.
Loving the mild weather on Nantucket! Waiting for the ferry back to Hyannis.
'Do you even know what a mobo? How did you do on your Acronyms test? Did you get RTFM?'
your comparing lawson to billups?!. PLEASE!!!
That's what our clock says! RT : You know what? There's a very real chance that it's beer time.
How does Human Centipede become the main topic of convo at every family holiday function? Thanks
“: I need more money and more Hoes lol” don't we all.
I did not sign up for December rain!!!! I wonder if it has snowed in Antarctica yet this year...?
O god my bed >>
Why do most job searches fail? www.minorityjobs.net, learn MORE! Julie
At the AALL business meeting. Somehow ended up front row. That doesn't sound as cool as it would for a concert.
rele?? Thts odd.. I dnt think tea is normally used to wake ppl up... Lol
I cant wait til sixflags open im goin on april seventh lol ima b out startin mi summer already ( :
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who talk shit about other girls.
is feeling bright and shiny. Library? Gym? Bar patio?
lol @ this tweet. you try too hard, kid.
Another letter sent to the Hill - over 350 University Presidents signed on. Saving service for the sake of all of the student volunteers
i miss you too lil brah
Go vote for The Goat! www.AustinChronicle.com/BestOf
how are you redeeming it??
Season to Risk 1997 version in effect. Wow. These East Coast kids are pretty good!
Is running on five hours of sleep. I look and feel like a zombie.
I guess you could read Voice of OC during pledge week (sometimes I can pick up KCRW.)
Lol, she's not jaded yet. RT : Apparently my niece asks homeless men why they're napping during the day
how do you know...
Who wears a Clippers shirt to the Dodgers game?
Recalling the time I asked to take a picture of this hot guy at my school, that I had a giant crush on.
I hope they just suspended me! I don't wanna get kicked out!! :/
are u a ny based actress
There are 6.97 billion Peoplee in the world . Why let one ruin your life ? .
thinking isn't my favorite past time(; haha always gets me in trouble
Soup is here! Come by today and try our delicious onion soup served with slices of our freshly baked baguette and butter.
Everyone my new account is
Getting ready for a busy day. 2nd Sat., Folklife, and PrideFest. Wish it was about 20 degrees cooler though!
Guys, is ripping on and I hate it when my best friends fight.
oh alright i was playing black opps on xbox360 right now but now i'm hella bored .
How are you celebrating your Easter Justin? :)
Whats up? Are you going to be joining to on ?
Cashing my checks are always a pain in the ass
The sprinkler guy also removes over grown bushes and even put new sod down for my yard! Could not be happier with his work and price!!!!
Now is here talking about how Colorado is in an unique position, and how Aurora Health Access can help
The boys are in New York and can't wait to play...
one for the money
This sandwich was nasty
#green driving tip: don't use the cruise control, it's less fuel efficient.
thanks for the retweet...
lol well lets hope not
if you want to understand how a system works, steal something from it.
HAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHA: "According to , I'm influential to "
It means people who go around acting like they think they're Hot make themselves "ugly" or unappealing to most. :)
MONSTER MANIA TRUCK SHOW TONIGHT & TOMORROW! @ THE LAZY E ARENA IN GUTHRIE! PIT PARTY @ 5:30, SHOW @ 7:30! TICKETS START @ $8!
Ok ...so...another day ..another daughter ...another college visit.I got a daughter that's a blue demon and one that's a mastadon .HELP! \m/
Round table discussions. Holla.
I love when I'm able to take classes that relate back to each other in the same semester. It reall enriches my learning. :)
you can tell a lot about a person by their following to followers ratio
Night night!
hahah ya I think I remember
booking Portland for April 10th!
U should definitely do a work out with me. I will show you some new exercises that will help:).
cuz I took the last one o.O
Maybe if you weren't a jerk people wouldn't see you as the jerk in the situation. You're so selfish and I hate you for it
ha yea shes adorable :) did the security guy let u take a pic wit her? cus he didnt let me :((
wait what?
#RespectJustinAndBeliebers I just respect Justin as an artist and decent beliebers that don't attack me for my opinion. ;D
I got enough swag for ms.jones to be feelin the kid! U better stop showing out on twitter
another rainy day! when will it stop?!
It is my understanding the when Flash 10 comes out, in early 2010, it will run on the Droid.
no problem(: you going out to crawfish festival Friday?
Indeed. RT Big ups 2 him for it.
haha I know not everyone that speaks Spanish is Mexican.
lol at Miami
Try to sing Rebecca Black's FRIDAY : )))
thanks, girl! Ah I know. July for sure.
Greetings to my favorite two nonfictionist men!
The NBA All-Star Game in 2013 expected to be played at the Toyota Center in Houston according to reports.
love that pick!
I have a few VIP Tickets for tonight's Las Olas Wine and Food event.... Who's going? Who want's to go??
Heading to my grandma's viewing and prayer service.
I walk everywhere, but it's hot in Florida in the summer and somethings are far away.
I use something similar, called Lose It. Lots of derby friends use My Fitness Pal
Im boutta go to sleep lol im so tired
Thursday was not a tweetful day imma try again friday...
Is there anything I could do to help with this project Mr. Bedecarre?
When guys get tardies which add up to detentions for a girl!! I'm fine with it but it really adds up
: Any special Labor Day deals on balls this weekend?
awwwuh!Thank you so much for wishing a happy birthday! It means the world to her! We love you guys so much!<3
We would like to thank all of you for your support. It is greatly appreciated!
have been listening to #TurnToYou on repeat. love it so much <3 my mom is a single mom too and i relate a lot to this song (:
I wonder when these writers will have something new or insightful to say.... barely researched and thin. hype about hype
it's all about the flick (;
i hate to see it all hurt so bad.
What's the point of a sponge when everything you wash smells sponge-y?
chilllllin with my dude this mornin
- There was no girls team to play on at her school. Did you know Roger Clemens had a girl on his little league team?
The day before my birthday and things aren't going too well. Things better start looking up for tomorrow.
yum! I just had that for dinner!
New Girl takies every scene to a whole new level of awkward. Every moment lasts a yr, it's like a new age rendition of ode to a grecian urn
what's that supposed to mean?! Lol
I need to get with the program!
God cannot give us happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.- C.S. Lewis
Hey Need to DM you abt something!
Italian girls>
well then fair warning my lady it's going to be censorville all up in your face. Btw cris, check your fb.
Happy hours at La Cofradia monday thru friday from 4:30 till 8,great food,best wines,and amazing drinks at a fair price!!!
Shoot Prep, men's wear in PA. Ro-ad trip.
“: Sometimes, I'd rather be Austin's best friend than his girlfriend.” very true!
We've got a #Makeup for Me! Workshop happening today. Always love a new group of students & our fab instructor
More of our picks in progress: Jazz-4 and Rangers-145
Haha thank so much :) Check out my videos and share with your friends! "Like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
Oh my. Please ask Lacee Collins. I need to know what she thinks.
Who doesn't LOVE a Choosey Chick????
Watching Ernest goes to camp
So can I threaten your existence :-p
A MORE THAN THIS MUSIC VIDEO?!?! OHMYGOSHHH
Watching Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. #BeastieBoys, Guns and Roses... Music of my youth. #80s rock rules!
mrs. martin sent an email
There's like no one at work this morning....
R.I.P Whitney Houston
will do...hope to film tomorrow in the rain! Haha
It's 22 degrees in Houston this morning. I moved here for THIS?!
Missed my chance to vote for on #DWTS due to meetings! I hope the rest of Packer Nation hit the phones/web.
title for piece?
I'm not sure how I feel about the cast of Love & Hip Hop ATL, I hope it's successful but tasteful!
Anytime! Just keep rolling out with great products and put solid people behind them!
RIP Whitney Houston
I'm extra regular.
really! lol all I could do was laugh
nice design!
my house could be a walking advertisement for you! love all your products!
Speaking of "pssst": bedtime
REMINDER: meets TONIGHT at , 7pm start. Arrive early, we expect a full house. See you there!
Bet there are plenty of peeps wishing their NYE celebration only included cider and cuties lol Happy New Year to u & the she-teen
long weekends are so great
“: “: Top 25 Labor and Employment Law Blogs. Check this blog
"Love Me In A Special way"
Have you to tried Robbie's HOMEMADE COOKIES & CREAM? You'll go cookoo for it!
yeah hopefully this "yard work is fun" thing is not a novelty that wears off.
Follow Grace Cheesecakes on Facebook. Cheesecake contest going on NOW! Win some pure deliciousness!
i'm taking my man some fry chicken tomorow. Hell yeah cuhhhhzz
“: didnt know they were puckering lol. Im a smiler not a puckerr” u will be!
but my voice sounds so ew, yours is adooorbz.
Bitch ass league
Last night I dreamt the whole world shook violently and caught fire. An old asian lady laughed at me the whole time. What'd you dream about?
Dont reply to boss. RT : gasp. lol good job *pats you on the back*
. is now following me, and I must say I'm pretty pumped!
There is a big difference in nutrient count between produce harvested this morning vs. 3 weeks ago in another time zone.
yeah? you go??
yeap true. if only she pengsan, i can do CPR on her, show off my deep compressions.you'll sing one direction songs! :DD
I love you too negative nancy.!:D
Who dey got Sunday? Sunderland?
Do you think #infographics will be used a lot this election year?
I think I decided on my bday present, now just need to figure out if I like the negative display or the positive one
I need plans for tonight. Hm
Full on carb-overload with
Ugh the mornings are not. haha
House band now playing sublime. How'd they get access to my playlists. Seriously.
In Perpetuum => To all time
welcome to umd!!
Just had the honor of interviewing There is not a nicer, or busier guy in #Heavy Metal. Thanks, Tim!
Can't wait to see two of our favorite Irish media personalities - and at Saturday's in Downtown
I feel honored to be in your pro pic btw
Several kids got offers from colleges at the Metro Exposure workout tonight. Thanks to the colleges who came tonight!!!!!
The taste of an ice cold Gatorade when extremely hungover
Philadelphia mayor gives great speech to his community, advice that should be taken by all parents.
The Lacrosse Association of KC semis are tonight at LSP! Shawnee Mission East v St. Thomas Aquinas @ 5:30 & Olathe East v Pembroke Hill @ 8!
I wish I could go. Bummer!
Amazon Kindle Support, you are awesome. New Kindle replacement by 11/30 = less Game of Throne withdrawal
you put a smile on my face, so thanks <3
Robbery Suspect Is Killed A 23-year-old armed robbery suspect was shot and killed Thursday by a retired New York Police Department lieute
Summer is OFFICIALLY HERE! (According to the calendar, anywhoozers) Ask us about starting your own BOOK CLUB! There are discounts for all!
I'm 9 tweets from 1k...gonna be epic tweet
hi Janice!
One of facebook's most important Social Tools is the Birthday reminder. When family, friends, co-workers, ex co-wrokers & contacts greet you
I miss my baby girrrrr!!!
Can't imagine what is going on on Bourbon Street about right now and then at 1a.m. and at 4 a.m. and 6 a.m.- NO never closes 365 days a year
We are proud to announce that our next album will actually be tolerable to listen to... GO!
“: Interesting fact:First cousins can marry in North Carolina. (Unless they are of the same sex, I assume).” There's perspective
Got bad anxiety after shooting.. I need to relax.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Calling the NY Catholic League Championship on MSG VARSITY Tommorrow from Nassau Colisium at 7pm!!!!!!!!!
fo real doe! my host-family got one right after i left. i was pissed
I hope that is lucasarts april fools' shenanigans
Home :) one day down, 9 to go!
going to take the dog for a walk before the real celebrities show up
RT ": What IS, is GONE, & what WILL BE is up to you! WE get to decide our way in & out of circumstances. ~ #TheSW"
RT : Treat a man as he is &U make him worse than he is. Treat a man as he has the potential to become&U make him better than he is.
About to pour up and catch this #lakeshow ... & these flautas better be fye or I'm treating
no tell me now DM me :)
and play 46 WWFs at once.
Agreed lol. RT : This whole Charlie Sheen thing is becoming cliche, BUT when he said bi-winning, that was pretty incredible.
thanks for the RT
(Niccolo Machiavelli) Wisdom consists in being able to distinguish among dangers and make a choice of the least harmful.
During the final week of Arts & Humanities Month - record your family history
RT : God is a woman. Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom and all the moms out there. Y'all are amazing.
In the library until 5. I came prepared with my 60 oz of green smoothie. Maybe it'll make me think clearer? Who really knows.
EW get out of the rain! Have Chicago Messenger run your errands! 312-666-6800
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code y5pu2)
haha thats why it is called school :) haha i would would skip everyday! but i know i cant :/
this weather is amazing! wish you were herreeee :)
well unlike you I finished my homework like and hour ago and now you are keeping me up
Love means saying "well, fuck you then" and then embracing each other later without malice
An Old Head Told Me "Let None Disturb Yah Business;Beef Is Only Good When You In The Burger Business"..
I hate that feeling. The feeling when you're sad and you have no idea why, but you just are.
Audio Addiktion is looking for one band to fill a spot for our show at Bunkhouse Saloon on December 9th! Please contact us if interested!!
Three seats up for grabs tonight! Six just released for Thursday!
I EAT MY GREENS! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #FOLLOWME # also #FOLLOW He spit FLAMES and BOOOOYA!!!!!!
About to launch Voices In The Clouds website v2.0
we'll be there around 6!
Can't figure out how to tweet from my phone..
San Diego delegation here in full force and ready to begin our last General Session at
INNOVATION: The best way to predict the future...is to create it.
All hustle no luck!!!
I hate not being able to finish practice
< glad to see ya. Please check out this girl. She has an amazing skill set, and a message that needs to be heard.
Im to Attachedd..
Seriously I didn't know you could draw but those are incredible! you've got a gift!!! LBS
when do you guys land in Chicago? Beautiful fall day!! Enjoy Chi town
that doesn't sound nearly as light and fluffy as a spam bao.
so so ready to be in wisconsin in a few weeks <3
hhmmm depends on the zombie type i feel! Could do, if its a rage zombie, but if its a supernatural zombie im not so sure,
oh no I meant meeting Caroline again
Mr. Figaro to perform "Wings to Fly" for Crimes Victims Fundraiser 08/31 at Blue Martini in Brickell. Support the victims fams.
29 Today, Im old Balls
You can always do yoga at home. You can always do yoga at home. You can always do yoga at home.
I have always wanted to go on a cruise and do the jack and rose scene from Titanic ;)
Rush hour traffic in Cincinnati on the motorcycle. Anyone need any more proof that I've lost my marbles?
I use to miss #oomf , but that shit got old real quick...
RT just released their book,and dancing w/ u is on their bucket list!HAVE THEM ON!
Why the f does #espn have terrible towel commercials? Last time I checked they were runners up not super bowl champs
It is so wrong to talk about people who have mental problems they cannot help
Nearly all the #cinnamon in the US isn't real. It's #cassia bark, which is like its cousin. Cinnamon = healthy. Cassia? Not so much!
Hey my people. I am just chillin, killin, always willin to D R O P a few lines!
smoores at my crib 2ma if any1 wants to come
I guess the gist of what I'm trying to say is, don't wait too long for an opportunity that's right in front of you. Death waits for no one.
I love it! Gary
Is it just me are is every bitch on twitter look like a fuckin super model be real girls
Hm, Calgon I was thinking the same thing at work today.
Thoughts are Things - Thoughts are Eternal. Cultivate your thoughts through the science of meditation.
Sarah make the trip up there?If not she better be at song practice tomorrow!;)-lol.get some sleep&have a God Day-Go Gators!
due to summer classes, will definitely miss you,too
my favorite is 'ready to take a chance again'
think you mean Sunday, May 20th... I almost got excited thinking Fitz and the Tantrums was Saturday! Haha ;)
Gm twitter
see you there!
Just realized something. When a man I'm not attracted to hits on me I lie and say I have a bf, maybe I should just tell them they are gross?
always. But worst case- we got 2 guys who will play this season for 2 guys that weren't playing.
I like this takeover. These are laugh out loud tweet worthy!
I wish Moments of Truth were as easy to spot in real life as they are on TV shows.
all is fair against the Yankees
OK just make it sure
OMG that movie is crazyingly amazing <3
RT : Thank you for supporting public education in Texas!!
Does Victoria Secret have a black model limit? Only 2 in the show?? WTF??
Sitting in LHR waiting for my connecting flight back to Chicago. 13 days in France and right around 750 wines... not a bad two weeks...
Fleet foxes and waffles with Wayne.
Nice meeting you today! Keep the double bass rolling haha
I would give anything to get on a couple episodes of epic mealtime
RT : social media is designed to make us feel good enough to take some significant action
I cant stop.. missing you <U+2665>
One down!
impeach San Diego for failed-public safety, fires, lifegaurds, disability, mmj, and police misuse.
Anybody wanna join me to pizzahut
In front of the library on kirkwood.
Yeah, he's also following I'm doing great! How 'bout you?
hah Ight we might see you there we did chest yesterday!
I need to watch what I write when updating a bug status, it might be taken the wrong way: "couldn't reproduce, waiting for assistance"
im having a little gathering in starkville
Yesterday I did a design crit for a final portfolio presentation at a local design college....WOW! Good thing I start teaching next term!
Thank you all for voting us best of the city!!!! And coming out to see us :)
We are destroying ourselves :(
"I have already computed the charge of nursing a beggar's child..to be about two shillings per annum, rags included." AAHAHA!
Nothin like blasting some country music on allied drive.
aw lol he'll nah I was slapped but shit I'll let cas know. U not the only one who left sum shit
Jason ddnt wana go see THINK LIKE A MAN cause it was too many niggas in it.
And WHICH Knoxville school did you go to?? Im from the great state of #Tennessee as well!! :)
Are You Calling Mikey A Puto?
thanks for the help! Cards made Brewers win possible...needed the help!
Am I changing right before your eyes? Becoming someone you don’t recognize?
is looking forward to shooting a graduate student film @ UCLA on Wednesday morning!
i.m blaming Matt!! and Mr.Pesseri
a bird yes, but I prefer him be a #Raven then a #seahawk :)
As much as i'd like to be with somebody, i should probably stop trying and spend this summer with the bros.
thanks for devirginizing my virgin eyes!
Here comes the rain. Daddy's gonna sleep good tonight. If that sounded creepy please keep it to yourself.
I'm looking forward to watching #ufc145! That's gonna be good!
#PrayforEthan, a 9 year old dying of cancer! His only wish is for to tweet him! Please tweet #PrayforEthan and Justin please
Hi Nice thought! What are your views on the current #Indian #education system?
“ “ Obama announced that he supports same sex marriage. >>>>””
haha, no. But, he definitely should be our backup qb next year. Makes too much sense.
Thanks for the RT regarding our update.
U r one lucky woman!
Our Executive Director is there to testify on the extension of the Superblock developer agreement.
that shit slappin my trunk definitely
Um…. LOTS of things make life easier for booksellers. Libraries don't care about ISBNs. Scratching head over this.
i really dnt any followers... just followin' along!!
I'm glad that it went well for you.
What is the point of long terminals if trains are a quarter of that length?!
I agree! I'm thinking that Jay Leno might not have ever been very funny.
RT : Did I tell you on my last airport visit that security patted down my locs?
I handcraft the best scissors if u have the talent u need the best no one else can provide the best but me 5173043525
Trying to be flirty with a guy today :p so side braid and yoga pants ;)
Las estupideces es un mal en nosotros.. stupidity could be a sickness in us..
You know how I do!
not received any messages, but use .uk to get in touch. Will send a message to you via bdfa website
o-oh i want some mo-ore, o-oh, what are you waiting for??
Yes we saw it- thank you! This is going to be a big weekend too- would love to do more with you guys!
who's hosting this year?
I just want those shoes!!
its cloudy... :'( how old are you??
Getting a hair cut haven't had one in like a week!!
I'm movin to Ohio :'(((( ss no one say anything
Lol Oh no! That might not be a good idea..I was going to hide behind you! :O lol I need to be more brave! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
1 way to know "she loves you". She catches you when you fall.
cry me a river
Happy New Year! Can't wait for all that is to become in 2012. So exciting!
after a long stressful overwhelming day i like to just lay back, chill, & watch some gay porn ;D
I second that :)
did the party ball make an appearance? :)
We Patriots have to unite and take back our country! Love your tweets!
thank you(:
Real Eyes. Realize. Real Lies.
Man vs Food rocks. Keep eating ps. I completed the dagwood with pride
Who needs to step up their game in the second half?
Thank You Again, Happy New Year ;-)
IM GONNA LIVE MY LIFE NO MATTER WHAT WE PARTY TONIGHT
im afraid hes gonna die and thathes unhappy :/ hes a crab
Hey thanks a lot! RT : Thanks you're awesome and helpful! Hopefully listens to you!
Friday the 13th came a day late for me....
release of the highlight video from WODs for Bemis tomorrow. Stay tuned
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'd probably go broke again I got expensive taste.
how was the potatoes lmao?
(-) Let me add, c) you fill finish sooner. Write that thing and get out.
We're all warm and fuzzy inside on these cold days, 538 followers, thanks everyone!
yes!! RT : Melificent I knew it!!
The Knicks have about 4 people on their team that wants to shoot it every time they touch it. I guess that would explain the 7 seed.
It was great seeing you at what did you think of it?
Thanks for the RT - remember a "balanced" with SOME chocolate ;-)
Smatterin if boos for Braun for not running out DP ball. Looked like he tweaked something...
A tornado flew around my room before you came. Excuse the mess it made.
at butt sex
Some people just need to date and get married because they make the cutest couple ever.
Please tell me more about how excited you are for tomorrow.......
It is helpful to signal to the driver, especially at night. We're sorry to hear about your issue.
Man niggas r stupid they think any bitch with a fat ass is bad lol its sad
ctfu these people tripping.
Am I the only person with their normal bedtime at like..12:30 in the morning?
I love my first period. Lmfaooo <3
Oh no they didn't.
Heading north to Santa Fe and Los Conchas #NMfire; EPA/DOE radiation air monitoring crews flew to NM Mon p.m., after fire hit #LANL property
I would say the 2nd one...We started dating 3 days before Christmas and he bought me a ridiculously expensive gift. Just awkward.
What do we do? We connect students in Zambia who need just $150US/yr 2 complete their education with people like U who want to sponsor them.
oh you know it. Hahahaha. Schools over now though :D
Going out with the girls, movies soon :)
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Ask questions as well as make comments when you tweet.
My mother is trying to save $400 to upgrade her upcoming flight to first class. I'm trying to save $400 to fly at all.
Hi all. Just finished packing for road trip to NC. What did I miss?
Ah! Not again,
You need to watch that!!
yea dude its hot as a wolf in my house
Record store day. Wish I lived in the UK so I could grab up 's Ekki Múkk single.
i hope your flight went well! HAVE FUN! talk to you soon! <3
Breitbart was without soul and heart, you fascist. His death disproves the idea that only the good die young.
On my way back to Albany. Hit me up Albany friends which is nobody!
you, my friend, are a genius. How are you not a millionaire yet?
Congrats! I was stoked to see you guys win.
So nice to hear from you! How have you been?
jet lagged in desperate need of a solid nap, I'm 5 hrs ahead of y'all :/
"You could live a thousand lifetimes and still not deserve him" -Haymitch (from the Hunger Games Trilogy)
Thanks! It was one of my favorite projects I've ever done.
#teamfollowback LET'S FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW <3
so wonderful to see you all on Friday!
Saif, what is it that you are looking for in Great Falls? I am happy to help you out and have a ton of resources. Best, Aaron
Beautiful weather today, great day to fly a balloon!
: The next Pavarotti? #Opera alum Eric Barry at Ntnl Cathedral - Mozart's Requiem Congrats on the mad shout out.
A desk and a chair in the corner of the cafeteria is NOT a workspace. Is it 3pm yet?
cutler hurt his mangina
basic space, open air.
Thanks! The Badgers lost a close one yesterday. Here's hoping the Hoosiers can defeat Kentucky twice in the same season
great resource for #healthliteracy materials for patients in a billion languages.Check 'em out!
Me too! RT : I just had a #RamonWOW moment...wasn't expecting to get verklempt at #DisneySMMoms awesome!
If some1 offers 2help u do something that u have done solo thn u ask them if u did it correctly. Y in da h wld they tell u 2 ask some1 else?
Thanks for retweeting the correct spelling of our name. "Dzian" is lost on most people, including native Chinese speakers.
working on it. You open to speak with us next week sometime?
About to take my mom's new Audi S4 Quattro on a little joy ride:) We We!
fuck that, I won't b here, ill b in another country
Actually the last time NC amended their constitution was to ban interracial marriage. Ironic & very sad.
i should make cards :)
So true, I talk to him in the middle says, "He is making me do 6 breaths per stroke."... "Umm are you sure?"
happy new years eve from STEAM freakin BOAT COLORADO!!
“I’m the opposite of a slut, because I never give a f*ck.”
Jamming To Music In My Room ! With Music :
Money, money, money; Thats always be the motive.
In order to be walked on, you have to be lying down.
Congrats Rick Hindrex on 200th victory
not anymore?
what happen?
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. - LaoTsu
2 days ago was earth day. I littered
Neva mind I'm tweaking regard that last tweet
It hate it. I just keep tellin myself I'll be done sooner. That is my ONLY motivation. Haha! What are you taking?
Well because I don't want to say friend because then is someone that knows us might think that were FWB does it make sense? !*)
At work tired as ever
damn near been eating up half my house since i been home!!! mcdonalds,,, sherbert,,, oodles&Noodles
Hey. It's your girl bre hanging out with my buddy! :p
sweet that sounds great
loool, you should ;) what did he do?
glad I finally figured out the logic behind the FB suggestions, thought the universe was totally effing with me.
Hm...#Dodgers are up 6.5 games in the division...I'd say they can afford to sit Matt Kemp for a bit
More followers means better prizes. Your task is to get us to 850 by tomorrow and the #prize get #supersized! RT and tell your friends!
I don't even realize I'm cursing anymore :/
Testing123, is this thing on?
see i told you!!!!! viva la Collin!!!!
Yup. I thought you had great things to tweet during that plenary. :-)
You know what I want? A food cart that serves whiskey. Outside my downtown offices. During the workday. Every workday.
going a little medieval on us?
With my hat on, I'm even taller.
follow back<3
yes if we get bigger lol were kinda tight :) xoxo miss you!
Rip Ryan. That shit craZy
who is a phony??
congratulations! You are awesome! Love you!
first class of the day cancelled!!! yay!!!
doing some homework before soccer tonight. At least we're only doing 20 minutes of conditioning ! Lol && an hour of skill
It's 141am... had an awful day... you would think I want to sleep, right? I can't. Augh. :(
Hi Chef, I really love the honesty in the WSJ piece, you're the real deal & I appreciate that so much - not many of you left!
Wow. Michelle Bachman really is quite the religious zealot.
“: Gonna watch The Vow...by myself! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> #sappytweet” That is exactly what I'm doing right now.<U+E414>
please follow me? I would make my week SO much better <3
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS
What's understood doesn't need to be explained.
I didn't want him in cle I was always a trent fan
If the world ends how it does in the movie 2012...someone throw a brick at my head so I can pass out and not feel anything! lol
Live your life and take chances.. Don't wait, because now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
Sitting at lunch outside next to a softball field really has me jonesing to go to a baseball game ASAP.
Ha, I knew it! Yes, let's talk about that coffee now. It's easiest for me to do mornings. Would that work for you?
I'm so excited for camp orlando and to spend it with my friends before I say my goodbyes :) <U+2665>
thanks for sharing. thanks for following me. please check out my fine art photos at www.bradtito.posterous.com
Love it! Super excited! Important ramifications, too ... Like when a biz gives their brand image a makeover. :)
Nothing says Sunday better than IKEA
The reason Romney's family was in Mexico is they fled the US because of polygamy.
There isn't a list now (#AttendingIAS12 hashtag is your best bet), but there should be a list in your registration packet.
hello it would mean a lot for you to follow me, can you please follow me?
Greetings from sunny California!
You're welcome! How funny were the puppy pics?!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too
#Ladieswewantanswers Why do freaks always act like they are the hardest to have sex wit (professionals see thru that act!)
lmao i juz be looking & thinking lyke cats are weird az shyt always wanna be climbing
If I hit this Mega million I'm going ham like Kevin off lottery ticket!
So you ain't got to give my loving away So all my gentlemen's say hey hey hey daddy <3 love this song :) SINGLE HMU
60% of App users or smartphone ? not the same thing
I.HATE.MAIL :(
Who is having a friendly poker game this holiday session with the family?
thanks for the response. The call was escalated and I never got a call back from management.
Branson looking like mid to high 70s next week. I can so feel that.
When you're in love and you get hurt, it's like a cut. It will heal with time, but the scars will never fade.
RT If you've never seen The Taking Of Pelham 123 (the original with Walter Matthau), then do it...I second that!
People will always need archivists for interpretation assistance, no matter the format.
Bank of America tops expectations on better credit quality
I just read that some women on President's Island started orphanages. Do you have any info on them?
Is former President Jimmy Carter going senile?
of course
See ya next season, Raffi Torres! 25 game suspension. |
Why are the wasting so much beer? It's just wrong... there are thirsty people in this world!
In the words of : who the hell are you that you think you can come into my fourth floor cubby area
lol they're free bro
NOMO prints now featured in the catalog - a great way to give someone a gift (when you don't know what to give them)
so bummed that I can't upgrade from a Blackberry to an iPhone until Dec. 8. I'm done with #Blackberry!
Just booked a co-star on the show 1000 ways to Die :) This oughta be fun :)
All dem candidates will be meeting at Tom Barrett's home today and available to media as part of unity event
Shoutie to For being my 122th follower <U+2661>
Just followed everyone back ;)
Home bound!
95% sure I just stepped in bum cum.
how's your golf game looking? We need to get out soon
Maybe... Montreal was willing to call Houston's bluff on Ching...
..no..no... My dear! #coffee keeps u regular!
“: More than 10,000 homes in the United States are powered entirely by solar energy.”
I'm looking for charming neighborhood wine bar. Am buying gift certificate for colleague moving to Williamsburg. Any ideas? Thx!
i will use my dads money from his resturant and thats more than enough,
":I'll be co-hosting a WQAM (560AM) radio show today 5-7pm." #NoLuv4Sid "a show" hopefully a non-republican show for change today!
Toughest poll ever on ESPN: Best sports rant - Mike Gundy, Dennis Green, Allen Iverson or Herm Edwards?
The rain is crazy right now!
my physical self has lived on but I think it's about time to resurrect my digital self...
MAYBE I'll ride it... If I don't eat chachos before like Victoria ;) lol
Then how do we teach in order to accept all of those Discourses we might encounter?
RT Unreal... Huge team effort tonight!! Thanks to all the fans who made the trek! Drivin home w/ for Mothers Day!
I have feeling twitter did not say that...
Shes on her iphone and shes not sure how to
I'm a check out da truth and see whats good. peace
He's too cute! I do hope for your sake he doesn't pick up any more of her charming habits.
is tonight's RB game sold out?
Not jealous but don't be surprised to find a bunny boiling in yours when you wake up during our winter camping trip.
Thanks for the RT, John!
Need a Fresh Start? Need to file #bankruptcy in #phx we can help you through the options visit our site for more information...
if you love me you should follow me! Oh and i love you more <3
Hello Ravens fans! Checking in to say that I'm taking a blog hiatus while studying at NYU this spring but back in action for DRAFT coverage!
#FindSomeoneWho makes you forget about everyone else
Building an independent media company takes a while, but we're getting close to finished...
#iconfess I still dont have the new twitter
GM anyway RT GM... No high for me... LOL I didn't wake and bake!
hey how's it going?
& great hair and makeup always on their show!
I am #StillAlive and plan to make a change
eating cold breadsticks
Having a Givenchy handbag moment. #yesplease <U+FFFC>
that's the million dollar question.
In the ice box....aka the dj booth at
Those folks who sell burnt mixtapes need to be arrest. That's piracy gone too far.
Way no to suck #CaptSuck! Home Run!
Vacation is all I ever wanted!
"If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success." - Will Smith #in #truth comes
Thank you so much!!!
#NP Fine by Me~ Andy Grammar
"I know, if you are like me right now you are saying to yourself "where are all the hot, sexy lesbians n' bi gurls?". " ~ NICOLE MILANO.
Ryan said he would join as long as we get pizza
sweet joe!!! Good to see you the other night. #i'mnotacougarnomatterwhatvirginiasays
I really need a hug. And for someone to tell me that everything is going to be okay.
I am so excited to try my broccoli Bell Street Burrito.
What are the specials?
Raymond felton may now be fatter than baron davis. Also slower.
Just another day of corporate thuggin' and wanted to get a heads start.
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and drama
I know. I just listenes to what they were saying. I can't believe some of the stuff they said..
QPR draw would be costly if Bolton wins...
Note the good doctor showed up "like a good sport" for a photo op.
'welcome this is a farmhouse we have cluster flies alass this time a year, we are sorry there is little we can do but swat them' Love Phish!
selfishly, I do too. Looking forward to visiting in April!
L.A. or Denver? Metta World Peace back. Kobe in a Game 7. Mike Brown, Pau Gasol and Andrew Bynum jobs on the line.
I cant sleep
alright..i'm gonna try and stop talking about it. just dont ask me "do anything really awesome & enlightening lately?" & you should be fine
rick ross is the shit!
We're actually working on a tasting, though it might take a month or two. I'll keep you all posted.
thinking in 6/8 today for some reason..
I'm up way past my normal midweek bedtime.
articlecheck01: The Flourishing Business Of Online Air Ticket ...
Getting ready to hit the city..what talk about to do tonight..
not me, i love sleeping way too much
That was a good dance!Release some stress..or shall i say frustrations.Stress makes u gain weights,gives u shingles,& ruins things!
The MLK parade in Liberty City on Monday was excellent.
Boo-hoo, sad story
performing #Heartbeat on #Conan+#CAMP reaching Number 1 on #iTunes! #PerfectDayAtCAMP #ILoveYouDrake but I'm a
A. Bradley
The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for the things beyond your reach.
Had success w/ this - last yr faced closing RT : Encourage fans to act as advocates for your museum.
Great win for over #FCDallas tonight! Thanks to everyone who came out to support!
Werewolf Hunter...eh.
View Welcome video at www.downow.info Free GAS and Food,? Referral program nets income enroll at www.dowsite.info I give 125 leads per wk
chillin....what u been on?
Who's ready for our new EP "Irie Days and Crazy Nights"?! It's all for you M.O.J.O fam!! Coming soon! Jah Bless!
We are in the health and wellness industry and responsible for delivering powerful products that promotes longevity and a quality of life.
already been hitting the bottle pre that post? bless
Nm babysittin........I miss u. Had so much fun in Nasville!
Studying for a Calculus final on Cinco De Mayo<<<<
George Trow on Ahmet Ertegun. Mostly for Field Maloney's enthusiasm.
Close enough I can taste it!
Coincidence? Yahoo news headline about Koch Brothers selling to Iran...sort of like GE (?) in violation of law. Why now?
SAY IT WITCHA CHEST!!!!!!
#20thingsaboutme 1. I look older than i actually am
I miss the old me wen I ain't allow feelings to bother me I i vibed an didn't give two fucks
Starting a new chapter in my life. Out with the old, in with the new. Getting the rest of the fake people out of my life! #ratchet bums
Oh, poinsettia. I spelled it wrong. I was just that excited about modified leaves!!!
I've joked about this with you for years .
exactly.... that's why I didn't do it :-) #selfrestraint goodnight ttyl
- do you detect and kill the OSX/flashback virus?
Allergies please go away!! <U+E408>
really??? Plain as day! Maybe hochuli can blow another call. NFL refs are a joke!
this day turned out to be fabulous, but i think i am just as excited about tomorrow night ;-)
interesting many cannot make the leap from GUI to NUI when thinking about mobile design. is this why apps look like desktop remnants?
Got love for ya too guys! Cheers!
If you want someone, have them. People aren't gonna wait forever for you to speak up.
I'm NOT flirting!! its called BEING NICE!
Damn Barbra lookin good for a old hag
I feel special ya'noe, ayyy I hope you passed the jewels try out!
follow back pReeeeeety please
- the support players have been playing well so far. Miller's finally starting to hit some 3's. He's been horrible all season!
So excited to be back in Texas for a week .. Looking forward to seeing my awesome friends & family.. Smiles & sunshine to all 8-)
I got my hair cut right now and I asked if they could fix it. now that I'm home it looks like all they did was trim the back shorter...
hey it takes a good looking person to know one
good luck and have fun!
And the taxpayers aren't going to pay for the Welfare Bailout of all the members of your movement.
Thank you so much!
...Mink happened upon Leather on a cold rainy night as she huddled under a drug store awning waiting for the downpour to pass...
Another GORGEOUS day in Sunny San Diego. Ah. Spent the 1st 1/2 of the day gearing up for my daughter's 1st Holy Communion next Sun.
Okay let me be more specific. I have cousins in Atlanta that are Braves fans. I like watching them cry.
compters dying...random power outage... OKAY!?!?!?!
If i girl wants to ask for compliments she should be asking herself a whole different question.
In the lab making another hit!!
So, you want to meet me? #CoolStoryBro x
FACES IN THE CROWD: Last night Christian Slater took in a performance of Lombardi!
. +5 For having a long running review site for photography.
When in doubt, listen to #mumfordandsons. "you and i now, we can be alright."
I Can only imagine when I walk by Your side for once! :/
Our NY & Seattle (cc: ) account team's FIRST official Google+ Hangout meeting a success! Congrats, all.
S/o 2da LEADING team members of &CEO
SFA: Today & Tomorrow! July 22nd & 23rd "Huge Vintage Sale" by owner of Family Vintage - Delray Beach
Oh my god, we're already losing, this team is so great.
Q6 my document delivery staff deals with copyright everyday to make sure we're paying the C correctly
gotta go with my dog He is the truth! A real straight up cat!
Confession to twitter yea guys I'm gay
Ever think you'd be saying that? RT Yuni should be hitting fifth. Just saying.
wow! What a turn out!
Thank YOU. thanks for the shout out & Tonight Show swag :) exciting & great show for a chic from Ohio. Loved it and ur a cutie pie!
About to start making confessions
Let's go knickssss !
thanks guys!
RT : Let's give it up for chicago for donating paint, flooring and people power to the home makeover!
Why does hamburger yield lower energy than steak? Because it's in the ground state.
Probably time to add the Bolt Bus to the long list of forms of transportation I don't do very well with. Limitations unlimited!
You want your relationship to last? Keep people out of your business!! Business rule #1 = Stay out of my Business! Aka ~Fresh~Young CEO
Now I'm mad I missed it!
first haircut in 8 months...of course it has to be a mullet! My phone has been blowing up the past few days, girls everywhere
working on my pmp gets me thinking about the kpi's i am not measuring in my job, this is for sure scope creep...
Dayumn I had a good day y da fuck ya wanna blow me???
My attitude is based on how YOU treat me.
When I walk in a room I expect everyone to bow.....and all bitches get naked,legs spread pussy lips spread
<U+266C> John Travolta & Olivia Newton John "Grease" Soundtrack went to No.1 on the U.S charts <U+266C>
Well they are all important but authenticity is what allows me to live free. Hawaii for 2 weeks in June!!!! miss Eleuthera :(
Tuesday is good, but I am going to need a handicap for the height differential if this is going to be a competitive situation
Haha, thanks Bill; awesome job. In my 7th year.
With God you are unstoppable, unbeatable and invincible.
We didn't pay him to say it! RT : If I came to this much everyday I'd be a straight A student! I think I might...
Hello! What brings you to town?
Is someone hating on ya, Ray? LETMEATIM!! ;)
AND I LOVE YEW <3
|#quotes The most important adage and the only adage is, the customer comes first, whatever the business, the customer comes first.
BUT.. what I was grateful for yesterday is my family (who I'm with in spirit), my true friends (u know who u r lol) =
Bow-chicka-wow-wow : Guess who was his Tiger Hostess? ": #49ers Justin Smith has started 171 straight games
sure! Need to pick something up from the church at 1:30, then I'll head over.
I heart you too! Can't wait to see you this summer.
I bet you still won. Cause you're awesome.
in my defense, I was already running from there.
Dave Leiper is on now for the A's, and he gets Brock to end the top of the 7th.
summer school
No prob. Thanks for the Tweet! MT : Thanks to Politico's for pool report on Biden's appearance at Howard Theater.
Heh...Create a giant market by paying a fair price to feed renewable energy into the grid, duh. RT : so how do we fix?
#Richardson = dirtbag. I once waited on him w/ Ken Griffey Jr. $700 tab & NO tip Nothing he does surprises me
I'm jealous... have a cocktail for me!!!
Q: How do you keep a blonde busy? A: Put her in a round room and tell her to find the corner :D
It's time to call it quits for the night. I am tired. Maybe I can get some more reading done it the morning before the #readathon is over.
oh wait is her sis cindy dilimos?
very cool idea indeed! Will use this once our pilot episode is complete!
We made it at a park so people could bring furry friends too!
Likewise. One of my big collegiate regrets was not making a gameday trip to the Big House.
i know me too ! BUT I had to go do my thaaaaaaang.lmao where were you tho !?
VonChurch is looking for Network Programmers for various openings around the country. Ping for more!
school just got so much better
When will you be on? What's the subject matter?
Snowboarder still missing on #Timberline. Search crew there. Rest of friends checked in :30p. Thought the boarder went off trail.
it's still 11 am here
loggie i got you with those classess, thats what i wanted to takee or filmm but i dont wanna write reports
Don't forget to shop local today friends!
SOU offense puts on a show - Mail Tribune
I am still not sure how I feel about Camper van Beethoven's "Ambiguity Song" - some days I love it, other days not so much.
I am!! Lindzi so cute
Had a Bday this weekend; walked six miles today. Guess I'm not too old.
make sure you wash yo dishes
Awesome. I'm tweeting as a reminder to myself to show up and imbibe with all you fine folks.
Me arde el brazo u.u
We just cleaned up garage. The grand finale of this effort was the GIANT wood spider scampering across the floor. EEk!
Awesome! Glad to be part of the show!
border patrol sees a white guy cross the border to the USA hes good oh but when see a Mexican cross the border get out of ur car drug search
hamms special lights for everyone!
My old school homegirl just said this lady was shape like a BMW "Body Made 4 Wrong" lmbo
okay i'm out for the night guys tah!!
On the road doing fight stuff. Anyone want to train early? If so, text me
Wish that America & Australia were on the same time bcoz then it wuld b Monday night over there and #CHESNUTS would b out!
And, no, anal doesn't mean you are gay. Geez why do people jump to that conclusion.
It's 12 IS THE VIDEO UP?!!!! FOLLOW ME,:D
which dress are you wearing?!<U+E51F>
awesome! Well, not the soaking rain later part!
“: Females need to realize smoking and getting all those tattoos is unattractive and unclassy.” I agree with the smoking part
Want to be an extra in Sadie, AND see awesome bands play!? Dates are Jan 6-8, 2012. Email for info. Must be 18+.
Man, just craved some hot chocolate ;)
would you say thats the case among Israeli companies too?
WHEN I SAY GOD IS AWESOME HE REALLY IS AWESOME. I LOVE HIM
Prom special $100 for hair and airbrush make-up! 312-404-0853
I keep a working document of ideas as well... like you said, don't want to lose the random inspiration
Thank you for the follow! I really enjoyed your discussion at #PCN12 and your take aways from #SoSlam. Take care!
"No person was ever wise by chance." - Seneca
Check us out on Twitter "slyderfootball"
Sunday I Pray Fa Sum People Dat Go 2 My Skool Cause Dey Need SomeBody 2 Pray Fa Them
You were hit by a pitch
YES, please! :D
HA! Elite Riverdale circle, I like that! Nicely done!
Find your best Red lipstick, a shade with blue undertones complements fair complexions. Brownish reds & orange-y hues for darker skin tones
hahaha I don't know what it is, I just know my ducks are running and I wanna get some sun and see some action
shoutouts would be appreciated
aggh man I think i got sick from take a cold shower bath for an hour while I was recreating the movie U-571
wow what a little finger you have there
Im not even gonna talk shit.. it was a Good game. 2-0 headin to LA.
I'm about to unfollow people who retweet Willy Wonka into my TL. I've put up with it for the last month. enough is enough, wonka.
tank you very much Byron Scott
Always a pleasure seshing with & ^_^
great reception this evening at #imexamerica11. Thank you from Pathable.
Loving my half pieces of gum <3
Just saw Chris Rock at the Improv. He's so baller w his bodyguard and that whole ear piece thing.
He seems to miss alot of these lately...hm...“: 3 of 4 candidates at this neighborhood focused debate. No today.”
sup tweeps. this is my first time back online since, well, you know... so who's watching the #SOTU?
Oh my god! You have #twitter? Love ya bro! See ya tomorrow!!!
Ramen has become my favorite food.
But they did need a good cornerback though
Was your work open on Fridays all summer? Mine wasn't! But now it is again. #amireallyhere?
hi sweeti I'm fine what about u ?
Pierogis??? In Baltimore???? OMG do they have golabki, too?????? And where is it?
Getting ready to party at the FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION SHOW at McFaddens on Friday!!
ha! You're taking a big risk. Thank you for the bday wishes.
Starbucks really isn’t that expensive when you consider what Victoria’s Secret charges per cup.
what's this paper on, if I may ask?
...the table next to us had 20 senior citizens - all asking for separate checks, all paying w/ cash, & all asking for exact change back...
hey I'm so sorry we didnt get to catch up... There will soon be other opps. I'm glad ur pres went well!!! <3.
#5factsaboutme I'm 19 yrs old
CNN actually discussing Ann Romney's comment in MI that she's been all the way up the"tip of the Mitt"
What up, Rory. How've you been? Bet there was epic tweetfest between you & during Finals. Too bad your team won. Ha!
an 86yr old, actually; nancy regan.
We said he loveme night ' nex Person to tlk to my SUNSHINE ' gone to bed llsss
oh wow. I remember a rooster hanging out on my street last summer, apparently it had escaped a fighting operation
Isn't it funny when people say they're #Tatted_Up with only one or two #tattoos lol
get your keytar and your flag of Mexico ready! I own this punk!
OH: 1. How does turbo swang work? 2. double time grinding!
Fuck writing papers. I won't be able to concentrate until 1am. I'm clearly just wasting my time right now. It's just not happenin'.
Too much pessimism from White Sox tweeps tonight. Nobody like a moper. Let's Go, Sox!
Louis' hand was holding on to Harry's side so tight in that Rays of Sunshine cookbook video.
#nocompromise The elections in 2010 were a rejection of your agenda.
It's all about the start in a 26.2-mile race!
It's a team sport. How do you not understand that?
This chemistry baffles me.
I only ate once today... Im so hungry, why am i doing this to my tummy?!?? Fuckin cold T__T
Having drinks with the ladies, winding down from the first National Black Genealogy Summit in Ft. Wayne, IN. An AMAZING conference.
Devouring Jane Austen books and going bonkers. Love her knowledge of human nature that I now can see in family/friends.
Walking in drenching rain = not my fave. Being soaked from head to toe grosses me out :P
What I would give to meet Tim Robbins
Great success at rehearsal tonight! Oh! and did we mention we have a gig at Martini Tree Bar on Saturday? :) Twitter stutter...
#dml2012, JSB: "Tinkering is knowing, making, playing blended together." What does this look like in a history classroom?
Stocktwits is confusing. Why can't I sign in with oAuth? Wtf?
#mla12 #s442 Houser on dataviz as an ethical project, but one that gives the impression of mastery with problematic consequences.
really enjoyed meeting you. Maybe next time you are in Portland, a quick trip to Seattle could be possible?
They without product, f*ck for spotlight.
I'm out at the store at 183 & Burnett, getting ready to go on air with Fox 7 to let folks know about
It's been quiet...not much happened here and with a mini summer preview going on, staying indoors to avoid the sudden heat.
So good to see you in IRL! And a surprise meet up with always brightens my day. :)
It's sad when you get hurt so much that you can just say, "I'm use to it"
Come buy some half price theatre tickets from me at Hottix today. 72 E Randolph!
just read a few of your articles! Great stuff@ Thank you
"I don't considah myself a lucky chahm" -
I am both married, and secure enough in my heterosexuality to admit that is just as cute as the dickens.
Thrift shopping in Maui? Ok.
text me!
We're almost at 300 Likes! Thanks for liking our page. What's your favorite stop along our tour?
#yourebeautiful and i wont stop tweeting about this until you understand. Please believe me. You are not Alone .
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Keep up the rockstar marketing content.
Attention if my followers reach 1,000 or more by this Sunday then I will let everyone download my new album "PLEASE EXCUSE MY TRUTH" 4 free!
If there's no trade, it'll be Markelle Martin, S, Ok St (position and school for tweeps, not you). Book it
Because the whole thing comes from within, the feelings came right through.
I just wanted to say that u r very pretty and my role model <3
please tell Peacefire to meet his friends by the big wooden cross!
attending #IEG networking event at #TrumpChicago Sixteen. Spectacular view!
Have fun today!
Hahaha I love you and miss you too!! :)) and YES WE CAN!!! But....i moved to mckinney.....and im in chicago right now! :((
#celtics win! WOW, probably no business winning that one which makes it even BETTER!
hm yum yum yum yum yum
Check out the new photos we've uploaded! Tag yourself and your friends!! Feel free to share any of your own!!!
All the Mahomies and Austin tweets after I've gone to sleep, tinezones suck^^
Hooray! Are your Groupons good there, too? RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
Been in a really good mood today..dunno why!
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
I love you gurlz. :,)
I agree! He is too slow to play CF
Durant is pretty good
I could live off of popcorn.
I wish we could have made it, looks like a great time was had by all.
Hey everyone auditioning for #THEXFACTOR in San Francisco this week. I wish you the best of luck! Go in there and show them whatcha got!
24 but I don't feel that old lol xD
yeah one car load was juss spectators lol you guys are all my niggas
Ugh, I just did that handshake with a man named Happy. Makes me even less manly.
Start calling myself "the king" for lack of a better title
I ended up at brooks brothers. More preppy than hipster but I look good!
helloo. how're you?
I miss the show Brandy and Mr. Whiskers ):
The truth comes out when you DRINK or ANGRY
any idea at all of a realistic Indy pole speed? Are we talking like 218?
maybe that it is just a mutually agreed on settings that few really see as inaccurate, plus magic seems less out of place
"The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it unfriendly. It is simply indifferent." -John Andrew Holmes
Worth it. Slightly strange experience not being there in person, but wonderful all the same. Going to try to see rest of cycle.
shordy is gorgeous in her new pic!
all for US. Dont forget that.
What do you think is missing from the Millennial conversation today?
good! Watched taiwan ballgame last night. Too bad for rain!
Had an fainted lifting weights.Life seems more serious today.
In San Diego? Get to now!
its okay Matt it just makes me think
RT Baltimore Atlanta&Oakland in crosshairs 2nite Blitz eviction strategy intended 2 reduce news cycle saturation?
It's funny. All these #bing ads, I'm still googling everything.
oh and i reply when im back, love youu naai;) <3 x
You are too funny!!!!
don't we all?
FACEBOOK MAKES ME SO LOST!
mine started off like a Monday at work. But it should make for a fast day.
Thank you to and for following us!
But I'm Glad Max Got The Subway Shop Lol!! XD
ok gosh chill!
thanks for the idea. Is there a website mention the food science lab behind McDonalds?
If you're over 150lbs, you should probably get off the bar.
"This" makes me cringe. It's like Unfrozen Caveman Commenter.
Another thing about Unitas...wanna talk 2 min drill? He practically invented it. Unitas to Berry
Suzanne Deal Booth is the generous patron of Turell skyway Does she collects Christian Marclays work?He's well loved at KTRU
Starting NOW on "New Orleans Gourmet", we have Domenica's Chef w/ house-made charcuterie & red beet tortelloni. Ch. 14 or 32.
In learning to know other things, and other minds, we become more intimately acquainted with ourselves.
"Teletransported with four others from the Red Planet on a distant Sun in a small far Galaxy"?
LOOK at ur arms! Jealous+Proud=Me. Ur no longer a skinny muppet w/ an oversized mouth & a mullet ;) Loved u then.Love u now
Patron wanted Shadowplay by Tad Williams that should have been on the shelf. Not there. Placed hold.
Yeah, you better be sorry (;
ill be in the 2nd row...im so excited, never sat that close at a concert b4! I'm going to buy me a Drake shirt tonight lol
Team is growing day by day. First Now is on board. Whos next? ?
The best way to spend a Sunday
I think about you all the time...
Roll Damn Tide
OMG! Tia you this event is fabulous. Independence on the Runway "NO LIMiTS 1426 is so proud of you. If you are not here you miss it!
good? part of what I <U+2665> abt fish tacos would get lost in the bulk of a burrito. But I prefer tacos to burritos across the board…
But they need to fix Transmo... Transmogr... Transmostarwarstheoldrepublic, and add more welfare gear.
Watching porn in the living room is very low class.
Rep Boehner, REAL class warfare is a reality NOW, as wealthy employers pay 1/2 the tax rate that their secretaries do. Ask Warren Buffet!
SING ON MY MIND BY CODY SIMPSON PRETTY PLEASE!!(:
William of Wykeham~ Manners maketh man.
I once paused over a Rene Auberjonois action figure. Wished it was from "Benson." Or "McCabe and Mrs. Miller."
The hunt for a new studio space is officially on. Anyone know of any good spaces?
I wish I had went to church this Sunday...
AH. SUCH A GOOD EPISODE OF #PLL! Who else watches? :)
What's the dress code for semi?
Is it odd that in my class there is a girl that looks like peter griffin from family guy
Is it wrong that when I hear the Bee Gees on the radio I picture ??
Beyond excited that CLE will have a Toby Keith's Bar and Grill!!
My neighbors must HATE me. Today I've jumped rope, practiced my trumpet, vacuumed and set the smoke detector off 5 times
Right, credit is the key thing, although permission couldn't hurt :-)
Ha! I knew it! RT What, are you kidding? You'd look totally hot in black eyeliner. :)
swimming al day
have you read fun home by alison bechdel?
Heading out on a birthday weekend vacation with destination UNKNOWN! Lets see what my gf Michelle has in store for me this time around! ;)
Good luck, Bob!
No when is it?
Your customers rather text your business then get put on hold when they call you. Text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
anyone know of any good jobs available for cats please rt
First time I've heard "adjustments" and "Mike Brown" in the same sentence this playoffs.
Hope the holidays treated you all well! Now go out and continue to enjoy with $1 drinks with bartab!
oh my lord, that sounds delicious! Let me know how it turns out!
Pitched 7 innings yesterday & now basically can't move the right side of my body.
WTF?!? They cut out part of the dance!!!!
B_Sheridan Too Cool!
"I'll never forget how they celebrated just from winning this game. I can't wait to play them again." Derrick Rose on Pacers win over Bulls.
Chimera has been getting those 1-1 on the outside all night long.
I really want a stickman sticker.
Huge STOP FOR THE #Broncos D! Good thing they stepped it up they saved the Broncos Today!
Thanks a lot for using my mother's afghan that way. How am I not supposed to remember that every time I see it?
I live for complex challenges; but today I'm not in the mood to tackle a technical twister. I'll give it 30min more [then it's family time!]
Someone please explain why a policeman is better off patrolling on a Segway rather than walking? Seems like a waste of $...?
A site where write about Tech news, tutorials,reviews and more.. mostly apple
#Diabetes When Men Get Rheumatoid Arthritis For men, a rheumatoid arthritis diagnosis tends to come later than in women if men downplay or
Jackson:BARK:SQUIRREL! I will take you out - and I don't mean on a date!
I Don't Think A Grown Ass Man Should Use the Letter "K" to another Man in a Text
Auto voting down the people that drop 100 N-bombs in the first 5 seconds of their song ... and there are many that do. Be better than that.
loving listening to & , your both amazingg<33
Thanks so much Katie!!!
This man either dont know how to use a condom or pull out...one of the 2
#shoutout to follow
Looking forward to Oklahoma City takin that 2-0 lead tonight!
a teenager is someone who complains there is nothing to do and then stays out all night doing it
Thankx for all the hate cause it shows on ya ugly fuxxin face biotch!!!!
ice it! Feel better:)
One life. Live it.
Just finished part 1 of Time and the Rani. Actually, it isn't as bad as some people say it is. On to part 2
unified communications conferencing
yeah, you bad
My child & my responsibility, not no one else
ever feel like your job is shouting 'get the fuck out!"?
I like the U. But today, I have to support my boy Let's go
Sacrifice your body
Nice! George was confused for the first 24 hours or so too -- anthropomorphism at work!
Love the Houghton Library's digital facsimiles! So many beautiful book bindings and so little time!
Digital Learning Day on February 1st would be a great topic!
Our Hero makes a living off that "little bit more."
It's a great day for a smoothie! Enjoy!
We almost got in an accident. I'm really happy this bus driver is better than the last one we had.
Jessica doesn't seem to be connecting with her songs tonight...love this song by Aerosmith, but not her singing it...
#1 thing I learned at stripper class last night w/ : "The girl who cleans the pole before she gets on is probably not good"
#FF Follow the yellow brick road , er.., or these guys!
Yeah, those things are pretty small.
I love the second generation skins.
LOLOLOL. Media History professor compared Steve Jobs' personal hell to being snared eternally in the motherboard of a PC. #toosoon?
Watching the bulls game in Wrigleyville during a cubs game
smokin high country barley ; )
I apologize for my weakness. Sorry, father. I have sinned.
"Really good fictions... both depict this world and illuminate the possibilities for being alive and human in it." (David Foster Wallace)
Nearing end of Week 1 - $1985 raised! Can we get to $2500 by Mon morn? $1 gets u sneak peek & #FREE #MP3. bit.ly/pLUlIO
Love the streaks of light shining on Obama. Looks like God is shining down on him.
Your welcome.. We shall chat soon!
Jimmy Eat World coming up soon at Center Stage in Atlanta! Come on down!
wat up fool
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3
I love talking to my girls!
is anyone else that uses LibGuides having trouble with their syndetics book cover images???
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy
I'm not arguing. I'm mentally abusing a lil niqqa lol.
#Nw Adventure Time <U+E106><U+E41F><U+E427><U+E41D>
I hope everyone thinks about the poor, the downtrodden and the underprivileged at this holiday tiem. Give as much as you can to help them
Yes im high for the rest of my life lmao RT : she get a bunch of money spends it all on drugs lol
no idea, falling apart :( Ribs out of place? Geeze!!!! How are you?
you got it!!
That's what we love to hear! So happy you had a great treatment.
do you play pick up basketball?
I'd die if that became a #TT(x
to psych myself up and convince myself it's not a complete waste of time.
You were awesome tonight. Did you notice one of your biggest supporters giving you a standing ovation?
People barley started testing we just got out!:))
too many cops... not enough middle fingers...
lol I didn't know you were goin too, I mean personally I wouldn't but depending on what you do with it, it could be cool
lets do it
why aren't Ark games on XM radio like the other SEC schools? Frustrating for those of us outside of the state.
RT : I remember my elementary school library being so big. Like it was an adventure looking through all the aisles.
My friends came and visited me at work!
Happy Birthday It seems all the coolest people have birthdays today.
Email me for the best offer available in the game!
the past is only the future with the lights on...#+44
i will follow all you on a diff. account <3
it's a good thing we got iPhones now though, glad to be in the future lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
looks delicious. Did someone else order that for you? Like by mistake? :-)
Preach! RT : The grass may be greener on the other side, but its still as hard to cut. ~Will Smith
Ditto to Pine's faction! I've also wished to be as candid as the Candor.
Didn't see it but OK, thanks! Will track him down.
The way I see it, friends are a lot like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real & some are fake.
We never really grow up. We just learn how to act in public.
**** SADDLE UP * HOMES FOR HORSES *** HENDERSON-SOUTH - Nevada 702-518-6567
i'm more into alternative rock, rock, punk, and screamo or anything acoustic really
Forgot my lunch today - anyone want to grab something at Circle Centre or the City Market?
Chapter 2012 Page 122 Starting Today...I'm putting my body, mind & spirit under Protective Custody!
Any real-time data on ticket prices for the Penn State/Nebraska game this weekend?
Another day of photoshop! San Francisco commercial photographer Napa wedding silicon valley siliconvalley bay area Palo
Creating the Perfect Facebook Campaign next
i need El rodeo, lets go
Let's go Boston.
It was an absolute pleasure meeting you today - so inspiring! I truly hope we have a chance to work together soon! x
thanks for the kind word of encouragement. i think they hand out bonnets instead of medals at the end.
RT : Bike to Work May 14 through 18; Join the Community Ride May 19: The ever-popular Bike-to-Work Week is a couple w......
!!!!!!!RT !!! RT : I been SINGLE for awhile na. But i juss feel like GOD saving me for somebody special !
Only 5 more weeks til the 2010 Yale Publishing Course! What's the one biggest thing you hope to accomplish?
It's not the broken dreams that break us, it's the ones we don't dare to dream.
I hate country music.
hahahaha so true
nevermind, just saw the pg/FRONT COURT part
received two 100% opposing signs from nature in a span of minutes. reminded me of various instances i've had with women in my life.
Sketching with today has left me as sketching should, rung out like a wet rag. Early bedtime!
Who wants a free donut?
girl that would be you, but I'm still deciding if I'm even going or not
Great book!
I'm not sure if I can handle seeing the ratchet girls at shs for too much longer...
About to be on We'll be talking about pension reform, SD County food stamps enrollment and SD's homeless stundets.
What Perry and others films do show is we can stop being hired and r able to create and hire our own. Entrepreneurship
Each girl has that 1 boy that they will never lose feelings for <3 rip brian forever young
Tonite in Garden City Michigan come see the E.VA. Pro Fam and the hottest artist ok nMichigan kill the stage.Wet Tshirt contest at midnite!
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NEVERSAYNEVER?
... and lowers rookie grilling stress! :-)
Haha, dude come back to the city and we'll keep it going.
New Game Plan: Stop thinking like a poor person.
Possibly this week, a final decision had not been made when I left last night. I'll announce it as soon as I know.
A vet friend invited me today to all-day production of The Great Game-incredible series of plays about Afghanistan.
Well finished the Mini without stopping and cut about 10 minutes off my time from last year
I'm trying to work! I blame Leesa. RT : you people have issues lol
thanks for the RT !
now u know how I felt when people called me a Juice hater lmao
Who could forget the Ebony/Ivory duo tracking him with raucous giggles and obvious staring?
RT : Hey #travel and #tourism friends, check out the #travelcom hashtag for interesting stats, etc from conference
Dear God , I Wanna Take A Minute Not To ak For Anything From You , But Simply To Say Thank You For All I Have[':<3
Me: You dont know who Jerry is?? Mom: I guess i dont... Me: He gets people pregnant..Mom:..... Me: Its Justins penis mother lol... Mom: :|
what was the explanation?
I was SO nervous! It was the second story I ever wrote that got published, and there I was. Now I'm an old (yes, old) pro....
RT'd a dick onto my timeline and I'm OK with it
you are a joke ross, you are the B!! loser
Laurel Bellows, incoming prez, w/incredibe, impassioned plea at ABA Ent/Sports Symposium for #attorneys to help end modern slavery.
Rochester, NY!! It's totally hoppin'. And there are lots of us gays here, so you'd have a big crowd :)
I know i'm so sad! i came around 3:00 but i din't get anything answered it was going to end by the time i came. oh well!
RT : #ThankfulTuesday.. Thanks to random new followers:
RT : Dear Lord today, OPEN my eyes to see you, my heart to feel you, my ears to hear you and my hands to receive from you!
Girl I want you to know you make my heart and soul go La-di-da-di-do oh I love you.
Are You Mad Because iDont Like You ?
"I've been looking for someone like you."
RT : My pleasure! Just keep up the good work
very cool.
RT : The US bid to host the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup. Get the latest from twitter Follow them.
Exciting news! The San Diego County Bar Association rated me "well qualified" (highest rating of the three possible ratings) to be judge.
Those were happy days
#KimJongIl is dead. Speaking of censorship...Were 2 laws away from becoming North Korea.
Thx for the follow. I will check out your books. Sounds like man fantasy.
Damn, I honestly didn't think i had it in me. But Clearly i do have 1 fuck to give
T4: I think for a majority of the people who need health information, it is left to the public health department to provide info.
can't take all the credit for the Clash reference!
Kinda looking for "geeky" solutions to the kid pick up thing: Using google docs to communicate who's car is here?
@ the Kabbalah Center in Laguna beach
No news yet - stay tuned
likewise... 1st day of school.....
aww me too
RT : RT Good peer pressure definitely helps. My husband, son and I exercise together...makes it much easier
What is love?
i find it so funny how it's STILL awkward between us.
And all of our database access is down. Hopefully gets Aleph back up soon
ha! I'll pass it along
1961 Mazda unveils the new rotary engine and made its debut in the 1967 Cosmo Sport
I've Texted You More Than That And You Never Respond To Me!!!
I don't remember leaving studio last night.
RT "the Paradise is at the feet of the mother." - Muhammad ibn Abdullah wa Amina (SAAW)
Maybe this will keep him out of theatre forever, now that he has found an alternate, more lucrative career
Good weed and cold drinks thats the motha fuckin recipe
If shooting yourself was fashionable, I'm willing to bet teen suicide would be at a new high. It's very sad.
me, too. So much more expensive to live here than other places I have lived.
Then Mitt just stands there as Congress chants "CHOKE! CHOKE! CHOKE!" Then he walks off all upset.
RT from Iran: Peaceful protest concludes in #Tehran; hundreds of thousands wore black, held candles
Thank You to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday, iloveU all!! Only 27 more mins left & my birthday is over! xoxo<3
Been a hard week for loyal Scapers, but I think you'd be moved by the #'s of players fighting for no RWTing. We wont give up!
My momma always told me and you were alike sqaud living now my brothers gone RIP SLIM DUNCUN!
haha I suppose not. And that sign simply proves it
Ball doesn't lie. Way to go #detroitlions nice INT
Seriously. "Like if you hate abuse :(<3" is stupid. Liking it won't do shit. You wanna stop abuse or some disease, do something about it.
Night My Loves, Tweethearts, Twhorse, Twats! LOVE YOU'S!!<U+2764>
If I am not able to go to the Motion City Soundtrack concert in Chicago, I will cut ALL the bitches.
Grammar Gremlins: And you can start off this way
Some poeple do go on too much, but thoughts on Religion, Politics, Culture & such are too important & need to be shared. :)
Looking for parent education in Los Angeles about #autism? Need to develop a relationship with your child? We can help!
leaving Temple Square! I loved it especially the bag pipe player outside :)
I'll be first in line!
Gordon's in nitro. It was done by Sasha. She was great!
LitFuse - Another great meeting with the team at the Seattle Children's Theatre. Narrowing down the direction on this years t-shirt design.
#FreeFriday item of the week? Plaid! We were inspired by Pete's sports coat #MadMen and want to spread the style. Will Clean Plaid 4 Free.
you crack me up!! the way you clown people. :-))
statistically, is every 18 minutes successful or just attempted?
Well, that's kind of the same road, at least the part that floods! :o)
cute cute cuuuuuteeee
Ditto bro RT Thinking about it, I'm pretty honored to still be doing tracks with after almost 10 years.
thxank for coming to the panel hope you found it interesting.
i miss you.
"my tires were stolen by street youths"
Listening to Dr. Schlenker, medical dir of SA Metro Health about what preemies face in their early days.
A lot of tweets sound like confessions
My shoulder is killing me..
yea, just started yesterday
Shopping with today! The boys better be worried!
Help us help YOU! What do other dating services have (or lack) that you look for?
Set an intention and you are at the cause of its fulfillment. Have an expectation and you are at the effect of what remains unfulfilled.
"Last night was messed up". What happened? I'm texting you.
Where is this right person? Well, there will never be the right person because of our ever-changing expectations
IM PERFORMING AT DIFFERENT COMEDY SHOWS ALL OVER FOR INFO JUST HIT MY BOX OR JOIN MY FB FOR WALL POSTED INFO ABOUT UP COMING GIGS AND MORE
What about marsupials?
Hey, we don't talk any more. We need to talk soon. Or I would have not talked to my twin for almost half a month D:
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores keep millions and millions and millions and millions of pounds out of the landfill each year?
I've got to say that I'm kind of in love with you guys. Your website is so easy to use and you have a huge selection!
It took, hm about a year! I can't remember when I joined, I think it was January! But I'm not sure. Thanks and....
Hugging and holding hands is enough for me(: just your presence makes me happy.
Good luck ! Kick butt at that Bucks workout!
Always search for something good to say about another even if all they search for is bad about you.
Great job at representing the Senior class today everyone! You really kicked ass! We'll take the Spirit Stick next Pep Rally!
Those Knicks are pretty good.
Find out who is pregnant at the Oregon Zoo, at 6!
you called me and thought I was your mom?
Guess what we're brewing today? Green Bike Espresso Blend! Super as a regular coffee, too!
lmfao! sure, i'll be friends with you again x)
I hope everyone had a great tuesday!
Mark Teixeira answers the boos in the crowd with the a homerun to put the #Yankees up 7-5.
Lost my printer, computer, net connector box..got halfway through a script w/o technology..though I don't use it to write anyway..:)
We'll be in at 6:30! Should be a delicious meal and we're looking forward to celebrating over good food!
good luck!
We want more shows. Book us.
I gotta thang 4 ya , baby you know, dnt wanna take it slow i wanna get to know ya. dnt wanna play no games listen to what im sayin.
There's just something about you..
Tommy John
"An apology doesn't fix a broken heart."
funny one!
Live music keeps the globe turning! Get out & support it. It's ALL around you...
Ready for the holidays? You have until December 19th to order your goodies from #WklessEvolution & STILL get them in time for Christmas!
#elvisfan, we're gearing up to hit the road soon, and we want you to goin the crew.. sign up for the mailing list to get updates and info
Lol misltoes >.> Just cause I'm standing under a little bush with a bow on it doesnt mean I have to kiss you x3
“: sure has. But she some timing it's to be expected” nope not gunna say it(In my k.hart white boy voice) lol
So ready to go from church im just here hungry and sleep bound
Lakin strikes out 2 in first, but he's already 2 behind Brown. Yep, he struck out 4 in the first. 0-0 after 1
RT : #preemiechat on Thursday, May 3 at 1pm. Join us and tell your story.
Nutritional Labeling Now Required On Meats And Poultry
Well, I'm interested in sociology of cities - thanks for mini review.
King James u single handedly made it an close game, Tx 4 the excitement !
better when I catch up with u babe
when will you be back in town
wake n bake
Show tonight Doors open at 6:30, our set starts at 7:45.
I agree. I think the cycle guys or the magician should be in his place.
+1 RT : About to be on the #cuj13 panel for full time ms students. Ask me your questions new students!
I only loose my sense of direction coming out of subway tunnels. It's like the ground interrupts my internal compass.
I LOVE YOU TOO. <3
Emerald, Jade, Montana, Chet
thanks for sitting with me tonight _/l\_
I swear someone is watching me right now
When people say mean things to u U know that below their words is a lot of pain. Send them love. It has nothing to do w/u
Why are grown men wearing denim overalls in my neighborhood?
Routines, for better or worse, are a CHOICE... Choose Change!! Choice defines who you are. BE CHOOSEY.
I'm kinda mad they canceled MIOBI. I actually liked that show. They couldn't have waited for the actual season be over.
Aha , i know B jst didnt pop his ugly self on my bed ! # Get out , hmph(:
The journey of making documentary film with ten years in the making.
2 more Avatars and now Transformers 4? I guess I'll just have to root for the end of the World. Please stop making these SHITTY FILMS!
I'd rather lose an argument to you, than lose you to an argument.
sack of love. I couldn't have said it better.
RT : Please be sure to join us tomorrow at 5:30 PM EDT for #TTOT - Travel Talk on Twitter. Topic is 'Sustainable Travel'!
like some new bands like five finger death punch and killswitch engage....but old school like slayer and Pantera is better :-)
had the best halloween weekend possible.... madison you are a true college party town. and i turn 20 today as well!! :)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou Omg I almost cried when they said I was Co-Chair Of Youth United Way :-)
Loving my new gym! Heading out for a dance-based workout!
YOU THINK I GIVE A FUCK WHAT OTHER NIGGAS THINK??? MAKE ANOTHER STACK EVERY TIME NIGGA BLINK
When conditioning actually starts to get easier ..
thanks and we never get enough mom/sausage jokes.
“: just tapped the first keg of Sorachi Ace in Pittsburgh.”. Just in time for
Not that I'm lazy and I know I'd get bored but a summer of no work sounds awesome right now.
Great! RT : The #Buccaneers signed Eric LeGrand, who was playing for Greg Schiano at Rutgers when he was paralyzed in 2010.
She's not a Zac twitter but please wish my friend a happy birthday! It would make her life!
The scumbag owner sells Pink Floyd LPs at 85 a pop, claiming "special UK pressing, super rare"
Great guess, our sources say 70% & India! Amazing isn't it?
re: last tweet, these 8 proposed debates would be in addition to traditional Fall debates
Reuniting with after a month. Welcome home roomie!
A1: I'm going to go with interpersonal skills. #Preservation projects always require dealing w/ lots of different people.
The Ending of the New Girl finale was amazing!
Sick verse Copy...thanks for sharing this
see you at the show :)
Wow congrats!! You're married?
Have a good trip to Europe next week! :D
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson at MCNULTY'S BITTER END 5pm tonight!! NO COVER!
wrote 20 pages yesterday! Hopefully another productive day on my #screenplay! Happy writing fellow screenwriters!
Happy Thanksgiving! Family, Friends, and Food
Reason 15 to love the BBA: We haven’t fully been discovered. We are one of Portland’s best kept secrets.
yes, cook on low and reduce until thick!
me too!!
Happy Mothers Day, all.
I dream everyday about the day Kendall sings Cover Girl to me
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free
The avocado fries and the salmon small bite are both amazing!
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Thanks for sharing the article. Do you have an English version?
they're not all they're cracked up to be. but I do love them anyway.
,im fine
Happy birthday ! I hope you have an amazing day! xx <3
This Mike Epps: live from Club Nokia is funny ass hell...lol!
Other than Austin and Paea nobody jumps off (to me) the rd 2 board at DT. If both those guys are gone, where do you look?
pretty well, ended up at A's for a tenderloin sandwich. Titletown brewery was closed unfortunately
cool. Shoot me an email
$25 gets you $50 worth of services at Epic MedSpa! Head to www.crowdclick.com to get the deal!
I watched a video of you on youtube and you are such a sweet person! That just makes me like you more (: reply please ?
Toronto? Couldn't go to Alaska?...lol.
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball - #3, Baseball America - #3, USA Today/ESPN Coaches -
i would always bring my needs to
Watch for the new mixtape "Sprinkle of Greatness" Coming in Jan '12. With Tex killin it on every track! Free Tex! Free Tex!
Thank you for having me on the show!
When did we get this amazing defender #13, looks like his name is Jewsbury? Captain playing D with some passion tonight!
Writing up documentation for the new adaptive learning tool coming in the next release of our ELIS plug-in for Moodle.
Ppl really take my kindness for granted bc tht kindness can quickly turn to bitchness
Stop playing and take dis pussy
My tweets that get sent to my phone are delayed
: Indeed :) Had a blast!
i fall again and again but You whisper, "you're still Mine." <3
I am a proud alum!
Hope you feel better, Kimmy!
The things I do for my library customers...currently putting together a Pinterest board of readalikes for "50 Shades of Grey".
Way too many haters. Get a life.
Methinks Drew Stanton isn't a happy camper right now.
Hi Kate, my name is Freddie Ross. I miss you on your show :) I saw you got a new job I'm in the airforce! Keep going strong!
Whatever is achieved must be achieved with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of fear, and of sorrow
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER:
It's a pain. Could always be worse!
thanks babe!
Thanks for letting me know I'l check it out!
when you start laughing outloud while grading papers, perhaps its time for a break?
im devastated to say that they moved out with a roommate.i`d love to hear them again myself.
We've all been there.
has not been the same w/out ya!
Master Tanner, you just made your national TV debute on Fox.
Winterize Your Skin Routine w/ Skincueticals Emollience moisturizer. Formulated w/ an exclusive selection of nat. extracts & oils!
Great to have you on the Evolv Team!
RT : - yet another reason why #socialmedia rocks!
Oh yeah. I need to be up at 6am tomorrow.
Been at UIW since 7:30am, waiting to take the THEA test, & we still have not started!!!
nope, but it did come with a moon roof!
yaaaay!!! I'm so excited u r here!! Can't wait till next Tuesday!!! Yippee!!! Have a blast in Perth tonight!!
haha your dumb!
Now show me how to work this thing! And let's go to class! :)
can you tell me their setlist if you remember?!?!?!
If it's on the internet, it must be true.
She is snappin'
Damn bitter Betty! Although you speak the truth.
Who are we seeing THIS thursday at Honor Society's Chicago show?
Nothing like a beermosa from to wake you up!!
i miss my sistadaaaahh ima move to atlanta so u can have 2 calebs lol
Starting to rain as guests and nominees arrive for the Beard awards
Best of luck with your blog!
PSA: It's my first day in shorts for 8 months. If you plan to see me, be certain to have sunglasses nearby.
how to get elbow room in crowded Trader Joes aisles: sing along loudly to "paint it black." worked for me!
Far better addiction than many things; Balance is a key, You know that; Thanks!
Is there anything better than a Saturday morning with coffee, tunes and in 1st place?
People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
Remember to tune in on HUMP DAY..to listen to D*CK Interactive LIVE at 1pm!!! Suggestions and topics are welcomed by everyone! XOXO
I'd really like this week to be over.
guess I'll watch netflix
Tonight at 10&11 hear from a Wilsonville man who chased down a suspected bank robber. It's a pretty wild tale.
#ThingsIHate When people ask you a question, but won't shut up long enough to hear the answer
<U+2665> Strangers think I'm quiet, my friends think I'm outgoing and my best friends think I'm insane. <U+2665>
Funny, it all started after Hitchcock replaced Elliott in the midst of his shutout streak.
LOL...tremendo workout! :) RT : came into the gym with straight hair... Leaving with curly hair.
how is it that ilm feeling intense nastalgia at someone elses 10 year college reunion?
Please welcome AntoniousDLee to the Max life
what are you doing in #houston ?? #rodeo ?
Thanks Maurice for the many smiles. RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83.
That ensures me that I'm still high I'm not mad or freakin out that my screen is cracked
Between buzzed and fucked up, there's high, and that's where we should all strive to be.
Happy Caveman: Which Animals Are You Trading in Zoo World?
wats wrong? why do u feel crappy??? <3 love yew <3 :)
Taylor clark is a real friend he has helped me a lot I just wish I could get him off drugs
hello from Manila, Philippines.
Please pass our thanks to him for his heroism and an early 'Happy Birthday.'. You must be so proud of him.
Modern Family marathon! Anyone else a fan?
If Roberto Hernandez gets to pitch for the #Indians this year, he's got to be the favorite for Rookie of the Year.
#PFPayphone My band will soon be covering this
Gluten-free, sugar-free, vegan chocolate, vanilla, coconut, mocha and red velvet cupcakes today.
Hey remember that one time you dumped popcorn all over me?
: Thx for Twit-troduction™ to Could come in handy should #NABShow eves get festive!
ME AND MY SISTER HAVE BEEN SINGING 99 PROBLEMS ALL DAY BUT NOW...WTF TONY LUCCA.
we were just talking about u a few days ago
i think that was called 30 Days.
Faithy- Dj Alex Alex in the mix Claudette-Dj C C C C Cuff Your Chick William-Dj Ill Will Ivana-Dj Cuff Your Chick's WIFEY
Oh you never disappoint me
Woodson is TIGHT!!!
When u tell yourself "go to bed now" but u keep checking up on twitter or espn
Script writing in the computer lab. Headshots are being taken outside =)
We now have over 4000 registered users on Blogs@ Baruch.
unless u speak the rights words mate
sure thing ! And thanks (:
Join the tomorrow from 6:30-8:30pm for a "Know Your Credit" seminar at GWUL Headquarters.
I haven't been this sore in a LONG time.
My Head
My office mate bought three or four pairs of those.
Thanks for the RT Will!
Sends a terrible message to the masses & clearly puts extra weight on who I personally think is an attractive, funny guy.
#FF>Also just sayin' ROCKS! Other rocking folks to follow:
aw thank u so much <3
LAUSD final redistricting meeting for Fri 4/20- CANCELLED. will update u with the new date and time.
#thatakwardmomentwhen Dale tells a gay supporter he would beat his sons ass if he was gay.
What Would You Do on is good 2nt...an unemployed man on disability refused to accept $ from a fraudulent lotto ticket
"Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." Franklin D. Roosevelt
Come down to Time Out tonight! Live music and 2-4-1 deals! Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock it out. See ya there!!! 8-11pm
Big break Atlantis!!! :) <U+26F3>
Oh! Special treat! I just got a new clicker/laser pointer thingy for my event. It has a built in timer with vibr alerts. That is awesome!
Lol if you for real bruh, later on this week
I wish the barista could (or would) add whiskey to my coffee. That sounds nice today.
Good Afternoon my Angels! <3
(not a spoiler)
you don't get along with Nowak.....he'll trade you
Ready to get it in with and Dark Matter tonight at The 12 Bar for the FQF After Party...get in there!!
yeah, especially fine mexican girl ... m lol
In need of some entertainment
who's the new boy and why shouldn't you like him?
Hey Fellas.. If yo Kid comes out Retarded, its your Fault. Shoulda Jacked-Off before Sex and used Fresh Sperm!
By the way, the reason you don't let Chicago HS coaches dictate your coach choice is b/c then you're beholden to them.
Red Sox signed Mark Pryor?? Really?
from Buju to Yuby...he's your lawyer...David Oscar, keep on w/ the "Good Fight"! Love the passion. THANK YOU! 4 what you do.~Selah
We checked into that option... we'll check again! Thanks!!!
Lhdab , igaf who tany talk to cs ether way wen Yung call his ass he a come runin a bitch can't take him from me unless I give em to ha
Bad Bitch Party tonight don't froget
why does everyone say that?!
Missing someone isn't about how long it's been since you've seen them last or the amount of time since you've talked. 1/2
my twitter is all kinds of fucked up right now
what a day in LA. So excited for
It's crazy! I was just watching an old recording or a "So What" performance and John's Coltranes solo is a masterpiece.
Two exciting games today #FIN v #CAN (Grp H) and #RUS v #SWE (both undefeated in Grp S)
Hope #BlackFriday didn't wear you out – there's still #smallbusinesssaturday tomorrow!
Biographer Martin Gilbert: In May 1952 "All public talk of Churchill's early resignation had been put aside."
so? That was th pasted. Ok? Think about your future. Think about your family!
RT Here's a storify of last night's talk
dude, you're so lazy. I got you on beer and shit if you get down here. swear
good luck with that :) cc
Getting ready for class
let me get up and do my hair before work
would I joke about something like that?
We are on the scene!
But you went away, how dare you. I miss you.
I like it better when you dont talk.
#Best don't get me started ha!
Let's not sign McCain up for sainthood yet. He corrected 1 loco lady 1 time, but his campaign & VP made this shit their bread & butter.
Congratulations! You always create drama out of absolutely nothing.
We've heard a lot about you. What's our favorite app these days?
dude, you gotta print some more purp scurp shirts for all of us skoners dude. Stay puffy blazed dude
that's alotta ribbon belts and boat shoes!
The next misses twatchin
I need some rice cakes
So much respect for Pat Tillman
that's my favorite so far!
i figured that. Thx again.
Car accident? Turn a bad situation into a good one. Call 1 888 The Check and get up to $10k the same day.
Ah I see, so now you're saying having a uterus is a condition of marriage - so lesbians are ok?
#AintNothingLike waking from a loonnnggg night to some pancakes, eggs and bacon YUM
I think that's different. Getting employees in the mind set to entertain and satisfy guests are traits to be used anywhere.
thanks ! Happy valentines day to also<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><U+2764>
Left my phone home today :/
FUCK THE LAKERS, but & <3 we still coonin heavy when I come to DC though
plenty of cute guys emerging from the elevators lately.
RT : RT : RT : Breaking: U.S. files antitrust lawsuit against Apple, publishers over e-book pricing.
forget that...lol
hm...unfort not, but we will get it online over the weekend. Brunch runs sat. from 8 till 11
The bird outside my window has logged at least 2,000 tweets today alone and it's only 2PM.
was watchin' Preachers Kid......i feel bad for all those who feel like that movie; going to New York this saturday>>>>
HIV infections are on the rise for gay and bi-sexual men, get yourself tested for HIV.
CHI or DIE!!!
watching two lesbians feed eachother cotton candy on the train is a lot worse than it sounds ..i do not wish this on anyones eyes
It was really good. Ready for Spring Training now.
My little guy has a fever...poor baby.
Be Bold and Beautiful with Goldilox Hair House 707 Classic line of Hair extensions/weaves!
I found a site for you. I put it on diigo. Wasn't sure how to get it here!
#Gemini is an immense resource for the latest news (and gossip) in any industry but guard ur secrets carefully or you may find them tweeted
Bahaha and banter in Italian accents was just the best!!
I love getting home from work and having to be up at 615. #itsmyfavorite #imaliar cc
Really love those cups you guys have. Can't wait to taste the actual coffee.
Who's looking to go to 412 Fest? We've got some but don't wait, the shows are in 2 weeks!
More great times to come Orlando!
me 2 why u sad
Time for me to go nite nite so gnite
No. I just, no. I never watched it when I was little, but I still don't think I would've fallen for it. Haha
congrats on your decision. Excited to see!
Idol predictions? Mine is Tim is going home.
Around the #SPM Lounge? Join & in a brainstorming session on the finer points of a car wrap for
Umm did they not let Alicia Keys change out of her costume from Star Trek before her performance
Hello! I'm pretty good. Taking it light, there's always work, so I'm pacing it. and watching LOT of YouTube haha
somebody jacked my texas rangers slippers
the league wudn't suspend him for a Thurs nite gm RT : Do u agree with the #NFL's decision to not suspend Andre Johnson?
o.k., keep me informed of your progress
Noo he switched back to the clear mask! Super hero powers, no more... still gotta get one and rock it
Holy... Asdfghjkl... Omg he looks so hot oaiseudjyhreduwsikdxb
I hate traffic. i wish my car had wings so i can fly over it
I have not listened to the Wrings. Good huh? I'll have to check them out, thanks!
ya i heard it was evil we didnt get brownies :(
Working on the Celebrity Spouses Trading Card Series...
Now WHAT am I supposed to do with winter '10 tv Mondays? Guess I'll be catching some of my faves on
Over/under # of bomb threats at Pitt this semester or total # of runs for Pirates this season. Which will b higher #?
More $ from reforms to SAFE, affordable housing and dedicating open space. Just a few of our Fed and State Leg...
ChIlLn HeR WiTh Da FaM AnD HeR WaCtHiNg Tv AnD SaMaNtHa jUsT LeFt ThE HoUsE.
not trying to rush you guys but we need the blurb emailed to us by this friday (5/6) if you still want to be featured.
pityful stuff dude. Really ticks me off what some people are doing.
black card has perks like free airline tix for companion.. High end stores and hotel discounts.
yes, I have been working at a winter shelter for the homeless that kept me buzzy!
damn mother nature lol
Two years with my baby, in so glad I have you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
don't you?
A big #FF to some interactive tweeps!
Whats this mean for the 49ers now that Smith is looking elsewhere?
better to be broke with God in your heart, that rich and lost.....some of you will never understand that
RT : "don't raise your voice, improve your argument." Desmond Tutu's father RT
Happy BIRTHDAY !!!! It's very special being a Sagittarius!!!
#UHsb Sarah Robinson hits a Sac fly & Rainbow Wahine take a 1-0 lead over #SJSU end of 2nd - #WAC Tournament
he shouldn't watch. Along with Darron Thomas.
#Pow RT : ": The slogan for today is! Boston Sucks!! Let's Go Yankess!!" #Always. :)
I'm on my oldschool swag Adidas on every tag .
Anthony Davis
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA I hope it was a bunch of naked hoes
Indiana gone win this series
REMEMBER TO WEAR YOUR WHITE T-SHIRTS AT THE RALLY TODAY!
I'm a little hungry today hm.... What to eat<3
LUCKY.!!! i dreamed a turkey was going to eat me.!! :o
Pacific Division dominance! No, seriously.
smdh..never in history..lol I talked to him earlier ..we might chill in a hour or so idk..I wanna lay in the bed al day
Confucius say good day must be celebrated
I wnder how weird he felt when i just stood there&stared at him&didnt tlk cldnt help it he makes me speechles..Thts hard2do wit my big mouth
#AGirlDeserves ALL of your attention. Dont get into a relationship & think that you can talk to her on your time, be available ALL THE TIME.
i found something to make me laugh. Eastbound & down, 2nd season. KP makes me laugh everytime : ) Ty
Right now, I have 2 questions about this generation's sales. 1) Can Wii reach 100M? (Currently around 96M) 2) Can the PS3 catch the X360?
Thanks to all for participating in my #giveaway! I am in Brazil right now working on new pieces but will be back with pics and blog posts!
All I do is work. Hopefully it pays off.
I hope all the moms out there have had a blessed Mother's Day! :)
you scared us for a minute, we thought you meant OUR Evan :P
When i go to the mexican store with my nanny to get tacos and her and all them are talking in spanish <<
James Thurber~ The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste and the only limitations those of libel.
yeah only like 7 or 8 more days :( This summers gone by way to fast :/
KristinaCraig I just watched a documentary about tattoos - I don't have any (yet) - do you?? What an incredible artform!
Another night...getcha rest babe
come over
Going shoppin for bathing suits with mom :-P
Thanks so much for sharing!
Some people sweat like it's sex and some people sweat like it smells.
a quick shout out Inception Fitness. Good luck w/Grand Opening tomorrow from 10 am to 2:30 in Scottsdale, AZ
We should have a contest for free tickets, yes? We have winners to choose also. Two tickets to Sugarland on Aug 25th? Sound good to y'all?
everyone should go follow
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY !!(: <3 Today you should get a sub and put birthday candels in it because todays #NSD! <33333
I LOVE HIM¡ IS SO CUTE, I'LL EAT HIM BY KISSES (;
Watch tonight at 9PM pst for The Future On TV and
I now have an incredible craving for Fatburger. The closest location appears to be near Baltimore. :P
trying a new hair color. :o
Red is our color #YEE is our word Subway is our kingdom And
2 missed chances for Bay!
that's what I'm saying.. Lol
Im so bored right now
BlackBerries Get SlingPlayer Mobile Beta Today
right?? haha paytons so lucky to be friends with him D: *le cries*
Look, another penalty...
you are too sweet--missed you bunches and can't wait for our reunion! When??
Phoenix, Arizona......Global Rally in August 2012...!!!!! This is going to be a GREAT year with FLP (Forever Living Products)...!
Hey I'm not slow, my name is Joey hehe!
not a lot. Cuddles decided to end hi training ride early.
there are so many people who i would find so much prettier if i had never gotten to know them.
Just found out my foot is the same size as my coworkers hand.
Thank you for the follow, Samir
despises shady people
awe u miss me
Give me Everythig tonight! For all we know we might not get tomorrow ! Get Somebody sexy say Hey! Lol
Hey restaurant types! Industry night this evening at the Scholars Inn--all restaurant types receive full employee discount! See you there.
new vlog might be uploading tonight on my youtube channel, AmericanGirl98100, but most likely tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!<3
The National Institute of Health estimates that 8 million Americans have a high risk of developing advanced Macular Degeneration.
Mark Bruhy gave tonight's Charles E. Brown lecture about Archibald Lake Mounds, an Oneota site in northern Wisconsin
"is" a Horcrux!
Darn Real loses on penalty kicks! Can you believe this ? Haha
What goes around comes back around.... <3 I wouldnt have this tattoo if i didn't believe in karma.
Haven't been on here for a long time...
spam!! Reporting!
thanks for the follow man bruh. where are you out of?
Lion, for sure. Problem in the past has been, sometimes they look like lions and turn out to be ocelots.
Metta Wold Peace elbow was just ridiculous. I'm thinking he gets at least a 5 game suspension.
That moment when you and your bestfriend can say one word, and crack up.
Guess who accidentally bought the habanero instead of regular sauce?
A link Im trying to follow
Yea that's fine!(:
and then i got icing on my glasses.
Can't deal with all my brother's bratty friends. I'm getting the hell out of here
hipster librarians unite!
Strawberry cream slush from sonic is a little piece of heaven. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
In 2+ years of working full time today is by far the worst/longest day ever
Arizona shooting suspect Jared Loughner found mentally incompetent to stand trial. More at 5:30 on
No I don't. I don't even know you. RT : LMFAO. Cause, Ximena flirts with me, too. xD
definitely not the worst, but it is making reading a much slower process than usual. :)
Thanks so much for #FF. Have a magical weekend:)
Thank you for visiting!
eeekkkk me to!!! Hey will you imessage me? Ive got lots to tell u
Sick and busy - bad combination
Bella you cannot bark when I'm watching a ghost show.
let's get it
prayers & blessings cumin ur way th@ U will bless those who hear you sing :)
Notes have been printed, the "treatise" is cracked open. Two caffeinated beverages are at the ready. Let this final begin.
5) (To another kid): "I'm gonna suicide you!" That's, um, not really how that works. Hilarious! Thanks for making me laugh,
#artwalk in Pioneer Square is a good enough reason for a party... as if any of us need a reason for a party.
I LIKE THE NEW PICTURE very awesome
smiling... Ok
Man, you rocked The Letter Tue. You should come out with a switched-up cover cd after your debut cd! Keep up the great work!
I hate make wearing make up, i feel like a clown
Times have changed and we do not need to rely on imported fossil fuels anymore
another cool person
See the chain..Ferrari Boy..
Business love illegal immigrants 1 they pay them less 2 they keep all income tax ,FICA, 3 no health care. If they complain call ICE SWEET!
Taking care of sick wittle girl <3
Out in 16th for a zero dollar score. Aces full on fifth street isn't as good as rivered quads.
you got that right! Including this girl's...heart. (Psshh, get your mind out of the gutter.) ;-)
I didn't have the heart to do that to what is generally considered a fairly reputable news source
Yo my phone screen has pollen on it.
- thanks for the mention!
A SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO WE SUPPORT YOUR MOVEMENT.. CHECK OUT THE KIDS AT , THEY CAN HELP PROMOTE THE CAUSE.
Sex talk on the back of the bus
waiting 4 my kids to come
Ill be a candle let my self burn, but give light to others :)
thanks guys the music is helping a lot for sure!
#FailedRapperNames Waka Flaka "Hey Im Going To Go See Waka Flaka" Is He A Terrorist?
deal and deal. Hopefully next time you're here I will be directing a video for my new fav. Band "IRL Microwaves"
Thanks for the #FF, Ann!
TGIF!!!! I'm looking forward to a long weekend! What are everyone's plans this weekend?
30 point lead going into the 4th quarter?! What?! THUNDER!! Wish I was in OKC tonight :)
what does #HOP mean?
I feel like i just went 10 rounds with that exam
Kendrick Perkins needs to just go home. That's rough.
WINNER WINNER MUDDY CHICKEN DINNER! geez i gotta stop watching sports center,,,,
what I'm suggesting is worse: you really need to compare subreddits of all *institutions* in SF to compare size to your school
Do you have dysfunctional movement patterns keeping you from being injury free? Ibuprofen will not correct your movement problems.
Sub in anatomy is cray
Agreed! RT Sincerely appreciate how fun my job is. Great people, cutting edge tech, challenging projects. Thank you !
WATCHING KIDS THEN WHO THE HELL KNOWS
Lost my boxing game. wired lol
Thanks, Steve! My peeps got your guest expert call this week. It's so chock full of great info.
Chasing my dream is expensive as fuck
Goodbye Nyc headed to bamboozle now
What a nice nap that was. I'm glad I'm having a normal day like I should be having. :)
I was at Olive Garden the other day and I thought of you....I don't even know if you remember that conversation.
Copyright's "bundle of sticks" Yes!!! RT : F Haber: # of sticks in bundle of copyright? Infinity.
Happy International Women's Day and remember "If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change"
All this bed is missing is some Tits and Comb! for your health! (and mine)!!!! (Thats her name queers(& steers)!)
I need a 420 break! lol
We are fans..come visit! RT : Just discovered Looks like such a cool place! Would love a staycation there.
Saw Trump's sons pics, the only way to shoot such magnificent animals is with a camera
i'll say it and i'm not afraid, avengers was underwhelming. not better than the dark knight for a superhero film. i'd give it a solid B+
LMFAOOOOOOOOO I LOVE YOU
its easy to hate... haha
Bummer! Maybe K-mart will start selling them!
new lineup picking up speed! can't wait to see you guys at shows! :D
ALMOST the weekend, but just not quite.
Movie with mom and Austin!
umm will pay for you haha
due to the occupy protesters & other ppl protesting NATO. They said red cross and FEMA are on standby to evacuate the entire city
Going back to sleep, it ain't shit else to do. Another shitty weekend, might as well get used to it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Then it's me.
byee BITCH keep swearing I'm out to Hang with my crew that u obvisiouly don't have lmaoo 0.o
#UX is a great metaphor for life: learning about people, constant iteration and adaptation, learning from failure, and moving forward.
Catching up on the last minutes of #TATW :) I'll have to listen to the whole set later bc of work :/
Prayers for . To deal with a lunatic for a sister-in-law takes a lot of strength. Just brush off the haters, girl.
Thank you :-)
thanks for the fantastic customer service at MKE! You have made it easy for this mom & her 2 kids.
me3. Love the linked data issues list so far. Anyone have a transporter?
can it include spreadsheets? Enjoy the rest of the conference!
Glad you enjoyed the rooftop!
Follow me on twitter ! Thanks!!!
Sounds very exciting! However, I am sorry, big kids don't get balloons. :(
Thanx,The Rest Gone Be On My Official Video That's Coming
I always think it's weird when I'm at a coffee shop and I see people who (likely don't know...) have their computers set to share
I need you too...
Why does Blair's hair always look like crap now...
Cardinals all the way. :)
Yea Im taking F&J 12-50 MWF I think
2:30 hurry up I'm ready to go
Warm me up with your lips. Heart to heart, melt me down. It's too cold in this town.
Where is y'all watching this game at?
I am psyched for the all-new episode of #PanAm this Sunday!
awesome, thanks!
Corina mentioned next weekend? How about then?
I'm trying to decide if I should go out for a Girls Night.
Gonna get through tomorrow, and this semester...somehow
Want to learn how to extend #play beyond early childhood AND guide physical #skill development? Next training June 9-10...
What the Internet was *supposed* to be: Editability *IS TO* a word… It's in Wictionary! (Added Apr-08 by user:Interwicket)
RT Doppler 10 Bradley: Scattered Showers Persist Through Weekend. NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you are awesome
also lol history space, trying to map it from anthropology space, but we're notorious flatlanders over here
'When the World says. "Give Up," Hope whispers, "Try It One More Time"
SOLITARY HOUSE by Lynn Shephard great historical mystery
so I hear. word on the yard ! Haha
Nothing pumps me up for a game like a fray song
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
lmaoo you should stay with me !
Haha said he was "DTP - down to pizza" and I was inspired. It sounded like a song! (TTG)
me to lol
what is that, lovebug?
Did this bitch really just spend $5 to upgrade on the train? Difference between business and coach? Free beverage. The math seems off.
oh okay cool cool. I've never see any of those show. My sister is a huge fan.
A.Carter's Heist Society: Original protagonist, witty dialogue, and a climax that is predictable, but rewarding. Worth the read: 4 out of 5.
Residual from having covered NJ, can't help but feel for shore towns this Labor Day wknd.
I think I'm then only person who doesn't like being single <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> lol
Been moving at 1000 miles a minute all day..the baby said RELAX DAMMIT!! Lol
Nice segment on e-book pricing with ! You made a complicted issue pretty clear.
You guys -- something really exciting just happened. It involves me and a brand new Macbook Pro. Can't wait to tell you what it is.
thank u for following!!!
m hm, Memphis huh, isnt that special.......hehehehehe!
Went to an audition today and the casting director actually commented: You did a great job! Yeah! : )
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
NBA refs are a straight up conspiracy, b.
one day in his courts.
Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don't go to the ocean with a teaspoon. At least take a bucket so the kids won't laugh"JR
Awww come meet us we might still be here in a few hours! ;)
just fell online with ur tat lol
Drop off tornado donation items with us at 10th & Walker. Help us help our neighbors! Donations will be taken to
Only 13 more days of #ockermanproblems ): Should I start doing #summer2012problems !?(:
NEW YORK PRO: OPEN CLASS. GET IT
I didn't know you were dating me.
Chief Saunders was part of a filming for Mutual of Omaha's "AHA Moment.
Thank you for the #FF : (Be sure to follow-back)
Roscoe's time!
Heading to The Vintage Brewery for dinner and to pick up roller derby tickets!
Happy Thanksgiving folks! Have a super weekend :)
yes but add a tblsp of flour for every stick PG bierre.
Happy Birthday to one the greatest people in my life ! Two more weeks until we celebrate together!! Have the best day ever! :D
#FF the "I can't believe you just said that" edition.
Learning GREAT networking tips from at !! Thanks so much for all these great tips!
and that degree from Duke! “: I suddenly regret having that data center built in North Carolina.”
I still remember the moment when I saw the video premiere for Vanessa Hudgens' "Sneaker Night" on MTV.
Thanks everyone for returning the favor..You Rock!
actually NCAA has gotten consistently better an better each year. Even to the point that it passed Madden
Thank you, Alice Wolf, champion of children, families and high-quality early education. We will miss you.
epic dance party!
It's #followalibrary day, and there are so many great libraries to choose from! We couldn't live without , for instance.
great point about student involvement!
This bitch gon' have the nerve to tell me to text her and not reply. #BITCHTITS. -__- But it's all good. haha
What's the link?
Get well real quick George Jones.
Let's go thunder!!!
Looking for cool, interactive, grammar stuff online--my guys are tiring of old school workbook exercises. As am I. Any suggestions?
Drake and his new album rock my world so I have no questions why he's the best. Lil wayne is bored for me.
I always think of Gloria Gaynor's version of "I will survive" - Donna Summer is always "Last Dance" for me & McArthur Park
Yu is ridiculous!!!!! That boy is killing it!
R.L. Stine knows this
Avg MD consumer pays $37.50 in hidden bag costs each year. County spends $2.5 million in litter pickup. It adds up!
Got stuff? I collect ___________ (Fill in the Blank).
The New York City subway system, the modern underground railroad.
Damn these electric sex pants!
Seen on a branch stump on my walk today - "Zork (iLived)"
#FeelAlive after a big bong rip.
And that's a wrap folks. Time for a nap.
Any luck with the TestFlight?
What is the deal with China Chow's wardrobe? Is she trying to be Vanna White?
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives-Ronald Reagan
bay am goin to slept. call you when i turn my phone on okay bay love you and slept good tonite dont let da bed bags get you
what about the movie Iron Man? does he have that movie?
No. What guy?
oh, I already knew that Katie. Worms will come out of your eyes tonight!!!!
Everyone be sure to keep an eye out for two mimes at the Capitol building either the 22 or 23
thank you. I will keep that on record.
Even my moms boyfriend told me congratulations. Something my boyfriend couldnt even tell me.
I want to go out!
it comes out to 48 because of the damn shipping... what size shirt you want?
Happy Saturday! What's happening today, MKE?
DAILY TIP: If you play at the lower limits there is no slowplaying. ALWAYS play your cards hard and fast. You NEVER want to give free cards.
Really enjoy your latest posts-- any chance that plane is headed to SoCal? Would like to meet up next time you're in SD or LA, thx!
Amazing day in los angeles..Venice beach anyone? :)
i miss being in berlin and prague :( take me back
Thinking...hmm...so should I quit doing something productive and go play the Fallout 3 DLC Broken Steel hm... I just don't know
caro loved hearing you speak in Francais today to a customer!
Attn ppl of CLE we r going to be hitting up u "famous peeps" for fun interviews as we launch our web series! Also bands and comics
I've wanted to make pho. Found a good veggie recipe - just haven't taken the time to do it yet.
So sweet <33
Law of Momentum:: Keep going & you'll arrive at happy.
thank you
oh nice. It seems incredibly interesting.
Out and about with my looser face :)
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?
who's Alejandra???
Holding down the tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery 'til 6. Stop and visit. 1st to mention word "libation" gets a secret preview treat
What makes her think it ok to cut my phone just cause i dont wanna talk or be around her soo rude and inconsiderate
What band is named after a sculpture in Seattle that hums in the wind?
Lunch: liver, sardines, and sauerkraut. "The Fresh Breath Special." Incidentally, this is not a recommendation.
I need a gurl who deserves me
How do I spruce up a medium wood paneled room with linoleum floor? HELP!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 17
so your point is?
When you do more than what you are paid for, you will soon be paid more for what you do.-- Zig Ziglar
thank you booklove. I will read in New York at some point in the next year, perhaps in summer, but I don't know. Inspirations?
got LeRoy Hill a partner in crime... Literally .... Hide ya' kids, hide ya' wife
You didn't hear it here, but it's an incredible drug album. The Dead for downtown.
I love glee!!
Help us think of song titles! If you don't, we'll end up with names like "poop on a stick" or "heart of a hipster"
It's crazy how I was born on leap year
The most provocative name in fitness... -MindFirstFitness
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo white women
Then gear up for my move in June/July. ;)
have a good trip and see you next year( just keeping in touch, might be in LA soon)
Who's ready to work?! Get your asses up and get to the gym! Happy Monday everyone! Start this week off right and CRUSH today's workout!
Happy Birthday to at GraphicLab Design very own Rob Jones! We all wish you a great night with friends and excellent New Year brotha!
call me hoe
happy new year to you too and god bless you and your music!
Some hot man just sucked off all my lip inflation....
Whenever possible, walk barefoot: it stimulates the foot reflexes, thereby stimulating the energy flow in the whole body...
Every tour!
AW SHIT #OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI! 5/24 RED CAFE WIT "MY ARTIST" @ HAROLD WASHINGTON
Thank you for thinking me "stylish." Now when I hear the words "good taste" I will think of you.
Well...1:46 to go..let's see it
It's almost January and we are going to be in the 60's here in Kansas!? HOLLA! Be jealous friends in Indiana... Shut it friends in Cali ;)
I am going to look. Want to keep in touch.
not starting out as good mothers day!!!! I don't get the point of this day....
I should be in class:) this is what show week does RT : Where I should be - at work. Where I really am - in bed.
BOOM CHICKA WOW WOW
Come visit man RT : wish I lived in Vegas
good fuckin point
Why do I always cry when I watch "The Last Song" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> kills it in this movie!!! AMAZING!!!
Maid of Honours, how about treating your Bride to a day of pampering with a relaxing Thai massage, facial and hair & makeup.
#nowplaying: Don Patterson's "Mellow Soul." Forgot how good it is. Sorry spotify, iTunes, et al: this one's vinyl only!
Awesome! Maybe you guys can play at RP's campaign victory party :) I'm sure Ronnie knows how to throw down!
Need to establish consensus that privacy is a societal value if we want it to be protected. Not clear if that's the case today.
I am really ready for saturday!
please , someone show me ur not
Once you learn to deeply love & respect yourself & maintain it, you can also ignite deep love & respect in other people as well.
That nigga said, I'm the type to cut ya eye lids off and feed you nothing but sleeping pill ha truth
cant sleep. head absolutely spinning about ftp stuff.
Local anesthetic. Insensitive. See what I could've done there.
I can send a PROXY to meetings!? Why have I not been doing this! I must do this.
a sneak peak is a stealthy mountain. ancient proverb.
I wanna' kiss #oomf so bad.
Been in agency biz long time but continue to be irritated by RFPs that harvest ideas to hand to a less creative firm.
I haven't really been working out as hard as I should, but this week I plan to return to going "HARD" and getting in "IN". ;-)
Great Meeting you last night!!!
Which #wine goes with a day starting sunny and ending rainy? Advise asap please, chalice is empty. :(
#NASCAR short track racing under the lights at Richmond! Go Jeff Gordon! Who's your driver?
good luck!!
and gillespies former boss #dubya wasn't among the most divisive presidents?
En route to the Isthmus Beer Fest! Pictures to come!
because its so obvious ikno and he knows and especially when you him then tweet about it
Lookin at my small tat on left inside ankel. Thinking of going over it with something else....hm
Madison did that face he always did last year while dancing today. <333
Hey gang!! We'll be rockin' First Thursday on South Congress tonight with all our threads. Come check us out! smashtagconcepts.com
umm I need you and mic to come to Om Lounge tonight..
wwe rules!!!!:-) i have lots of respect for the wwe, and all the wrestlers that work hard to keep us entertained!!!! :-)
le Evan @ birthday
Animal's Planet's Puppy Bowl has officially concluded! Congrats to both teams on a hard-fought battle!
Is Moving To Miami. He's Not Getting Any Closer To California. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>But He's Living His Dream!:')
Joel "if there's an area in your life that needs improving, 'sow a seed in your time of need' in someone else's life."
Cowboy boots and camouflage hat are a go. Little Big Town, Darius Rucker and Lady Antebellum. It's gonna be a great night.
Erin fetherson is so cool and unique! Love her want to be a fashion designer!
Good things come tew thoes who wait thatS exactly y i wait goodniqht and
I close my eyes and see hashtags and Zoolander...and I am pretty sure I just crapped my pants.
Ask Rathburn...I just aim at the highest payouts all the time!!
US now threatening (and suing) Az over our Right to Work laws. More Fed bullying and oversteps. Trying to force full unionization. Thugs.
You know I'm no good at court-ordered goodbyes!
CL post which may have already been pulled. "New 1 bed room luxury Condo on the 11th Floor" of building that only has 5.
Atlanta girls luvd the its goes down
There are fewer than 1,000 tickets left for tomorrow's Pacers home playoff opener v Magic. Looking like it could be sellout.
#FF the most beautiful
our girls managed to get 8 points for our #bachelorABC fantasy draft, , get more air time! console the girls!
I'm not.:( come to Ste gen and visit!! I miss you.
Nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. .
AT&T MORA than Sucks! I am amazed how big their "Network" is when the service is THAT bad. Time Warner TOO!! Im calling then OUT!
Thanks and Happy New Year! Look forward t your tweets. Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
took in art class. He sounded so defensive of me. Then you know when you shave with a dull razor blade and sometime you
Q1. That would be Hulk Hogan.
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
I made it haha.
Can't sleep >.<
it was worth the cost! Great points. I agree completely
where the lyrics at?
Yeah, I just feel the impression of him is greater than his work. Maybe I just don't like the genre he exists in.
He hasn't done a Austream since 4 weeks ago. And when i found out he was moving to Miami my 11:11 dreams were crushed
If College Football don't have playoffs by next year, the NFL should create a Real Minor League System for kids 18-20
YES cleaned the apartment...well half of it. No one goes upstairs anyway!
Never ever never
getting an afternoon snack... Hm.... What to eat? What to eat...?
want to join in on my mission?
Enjoyed meeting 'n working with you at #BET Leading Women Defined! Thanks for everything....will be in touch.
Thanks jill
Happy Birthday!
By the end of the game, baseball players' uniforms often are very dirty. I wonder if they would like opportunities to freshen up.
Great session! RT : In the "Front End Performance" session.
I hate LMSs and that's all I see on Facebook. They're so annoying.
Your so welcome sweetie; keep rad <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I'm peeking out my window watching he and my daughter working on the flower beds, He is very fast and obviously experianced
Blaze&jam sesh with ma boys , help our band get more followers !
lol of course MADE me do that... ;)
Nothings worse then fighting for what won't fight back. -
TY for follow back !!!
How Super can a moon be if airy clouds can snuff it out?
Um, what about neuroeducation and neuropsychology?
Man come on miami!
your first one in the city(;
I don't know what my plans are yet :( haha my Ryan Moments are quite embarrassing
Like it?
When I arrive I bring the fire
Welcome to the new page Denise!
New collections come in every day. Come in to see some great collections!
I want someone to write me a letter. not an e-mail or a text, a damn handwritten letter. does anyone actually still do that
put that ish on YouTube Pimpin!
Watch 'Awake' tonight - it really is facinating and strong (NBC 10:00pm)
Is it march or is it summer?
There HAS to be something wrong with checking your phone as SOON as you wake up. Historians will analyze the hell out of this generation.
nice pics & thanks for sharing guys, good work Becky Henry!
I'm on my way home now. Can you grab them from my TwitPic site or wait til I get home.
I'm playing tonight downtown at the Grand Bohemian Orlando Florida 7-11
ur the star in that pic Dave!!!
did it!
We are learning about int'l orphans, many of our members have adopted children from other countries.
Yes! Let us introduce you to.....
wheat grass clearly did a number on you, ill help you out of the rut
unless u need abortion $ or want ur calendar cleared for spring break after an early tourney exit there's no reason 2 play 4 rp
I get what part?
The Pod People Arms? Seriously man, that looks like a pod from Invasion Of The Body Snatchers. Leave your shit and run.
35 degrees F in Florida today.
I follow a lot of black people....*takes notes*........ lol
Its Friday bitches!!
Have a future focus...
too wet down there
Totally watching that too! RT Pretty in Pink. :)
I can hardly keep my eyes open so I guess I'll be going to bed.
I get the best feeling when you say hi or even smile at me because I know, even if its just for a second, that I've crossed your mind. <U+2665>
There is a lot of I in individual. John maeda
thnx! Runner on third base, just need a bunt and score!
that's only two days lol quit being a baby!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Fine don't reply -__- I like food more than I like you anyways ,
. -- your response only shows on my android app, not on my macbook! Anyhoo - thanks. yes, codahale/metrics has this and looks good.
no it's gonna be its largest self at 11:35 tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Setting on the couch with my son having a father son chat
Downtown Team Meeting Tuesday, March 6 6:30 PM Campaign Headquarters (Pittsburgh, PA)
Two free tickets to the viva chile event tonight from #CityCiao tweet us
Is it sad/wrong that I love your blog? Have been following your blogging for a while. Thought I'd say Cheers!
Touche! Curious to see how much #SM can help though. RT : Troubles likely run deeper than
- According to the article, it's about both.
We'll see what we can do, and get back to you!
man watch yo mouth n text mee
reverse sneezing?
ugh. I'm sorry, that sucks.
Thank you Aaron for helping to spread the word. We hope to expand in the UK very soon. Would love to visit with
Keep up the Hard work.It's all paying off, all the blood sweat and tears over the years!
If your interested in getting a free voice evaluation to see if a career in Voice Over is possible for you go the link below. You will get…
I love my followers,well the people who dont unfollow me <3
1 year anniversary party starts at 2pm. Stop and share a toast with us
Ideally, couples need three lives; one for him, one for her and one for them together. Jacqueline Bisset
taking the day off today in celebration of homemade creme brulee. Love dessert that requires fire.
“Your lucky enough to be different, never change”
A fun filled day of hiking in the Redwoods with
I had a great time with my cousins and brother at pinkberry :'] <3 , i love them.
In Ep1, what book was Laura reading that was the basis of a popular TV show & who guest started one of our guests from Ep 3?
Making my last guest appearance tonight from 5-9.
Off the dick chainey at Victory for 1 year anniversary! Tonight. With live Shark!!
Wakin up 2 da bull shit again. Wish I could jus make it go away. But wishing is 4 the disney channel. And this shit is real life.....
Inventory/Labor/Training issues? Let us help you bring more money to your bottom line. Email us today
sorry been way too busy lately. I've called though :)
"A good plan is like a road map: It shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there." -- H. Stanley Judd, Writer
Can't please everybody, so do what makes you happy *shrugs*
You are playing in this monsoon?!?
Cultural anthropology's so much better than when it was all about measuring skulls/anatomy about a century ago, though!
I agree!
The RAP panel is now reviewing application #120002 Community Foundation of St. Joseph County.
Thanks to , I wake up every morning to Matlock and Murder She Wrote....its been like 3 weeks now
See, in Florida we have sunshine AND coffee trucks! lol
I meant a dedicated standalone printer, not a service. Hearing not-so-great things re: delivery times.
Anyone looking for an Awesome Special Effects/Make-up Artist Hit me up Delia will make your TV or Film Project Happen
cool me too :D
As different as they are, the only politician able to sway my vote from Obama isn't a candidate
I hope u mean that and not just getting my hopes high.
Tweet yo FACE SON!!! (New york accent) lol.
Yeah so you're a beaut. And I think you like me but idk if you do. Maybe you should SHOW ME lol
have two WWW.twoshadowsmovie.com we are waiting on hearing from our festival apps and WWW.hakuinoa.com is in production
she needs to do a proactiv commercial
PR tip to startups- journalists want the juicy nuggets your PR firm *doesn't* want you to share.
show me where the ball was ripped from the kid's hands and then I may change my tune.
Happy Early humps! I am always amazed by what u do for us! Twugs n lots of love!
Game two: win!
research survey for public opinion today blah
follow back please?;D
GoodMorning' I'm up early(:
Girls on Facebook..."Getting Starbucks with Kristina!"... 2 minutes later... 121 pictures and 5 videos uploaded!
Hanging in da lobby
Parking your car on the street #SF means finding a spot blocks away only to see a spot in front of your building once you get home.
LOVE IS LIKE A ROLLERCOASTER SMH...
You bet!!
Heard in my family room from "Collinsworth has his big nose so far up Brady's ass, it makes me sick"
You betcha, big fella!
Cause I didn't know but then I totally forgot about that app
I think about it. And then he stops -.- lol
the bigger question is, what happens to all the hotdogs and schmitters that were made for today??
Did you know that we can fully manage your PC's for FREE? doubters BEWARE, believers step forward and save money 512 354-1507
First meeting of the Rutgers Literature and New Media working group yesterday; we have some exciting plans for 2010-11!
just live a little and let go a lot
What's important? "Families value creativity, safe spaces, social experiences, creating memories" FLING: A Museum Research Report
Bad Cats at Crush and Dr Dude at Slabtown are 25 cents a play. In a month Voodoo will make room for a machine that will be 25 cents
AYO man! Been to a couple of your shows and have been talking to your management about playing a show with The Memorials!
Now get some sleep. We need strength to build whatever we will build tomorrow.
Make sure to check out the last 2 days of shows! We're not broadcasting on Friday due to Suffolk's reading day.
Thatsssssss lammmmmmeeee. Just kidding dude. Family First.
Had a blast last night at CGO it was crazy and got an autogragh from Chino and after spent quality time with my ERJ family it was fun!! =D
You did what? Powder in hair dryer? Lol I remember doing that when we were younger. Was she pissed?
Wow! My students loved of and of Reading some really good work.
When you're so pissed you can't even talk.<<<<<<<
thanks for the follow :)
i still didn't get an answer from u
Uh Oh #TUF Live is on..
u should be good to go!
Awww, rats, I missed it -- just now checking my mentions! Thanks for the heads up though! :-)
this weather doesn't know if it wants to rain or not ...
thanks for the story, anyone know where to find images of the murals/graffiti? would love to see them
no thank you.
April is National Child Abuse Awareness Month. What will you do?
Back to work :/ oh well just 4 more hours & I get to see my BF
Super curious about Stanford's new digital series, Stanford Briefs. I've always thought Kindle Singles could be a cool model for scholars.
I don't think juries generally sit on Fridays in Superior Court.
Google wants authors group out of NY library case
Thanks everyone happy new year !
Come down and catch some fun Jazz Rock Fusion Music! The Sal DiFusco Project is playing at the Ryles jazz Club, Cambridge on 2/3/2012!
Are you still needing artwork done?
We play a couple of times per month. Playing tonight at Dan McGuinness in East Memphis - start up at 9:30. Hope to see ya!
it's pouring down outside
I want some twizzlwrs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RWNJ idea of America the Beautiful is America the Completely Paved Over, Fracked and Developed
Thanks. Our website has video of 123GoTV, a PTPA (TM) Seal winner. Sold on web. 20% discount code PTPA thru 12/31 at check out.
I wish my boy was here.
Thank God It's Friday!!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
lmao yea i know thanks for the help(:
concert at Central with tears in my eyes.
Piss off donut
How can anyone honestly root for the Heat?
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves? - Andy Warhol
Wednesday. 7:00pm. I'm there!
Luis responds to you personally -- so it's like he's right there with you!
It takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.
If cleaning your own stone do not use products that contain lemon, vinegar or other acids, as these can etch the surface of the stone.
I'm sorry you have to go through this... It's exactly what I had to go through. 58 DAYS!!! :D I hope you feel better!
Hey Jeff, Michael Neuman suggested I reach out to you. Could I get your email address?
I think we're being frozen out of the offices today. My need for hobo gloves has never been greater.
yaaaay can't wait!!
haha, hit me up when u get back into Laredo, and we'll see where we go watch it.
Was gonna go to WOF today but I don't have my tennis shoes ....
Crash Barry speaks at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today at Noon in the Rines! BYOBBL [bring your own brown bag lunch!]
looking forward to meeting you
Please share what gear you have and what your budget was when you started shooting video
Thanks for the follow and congratz on your film!
If I never met you, I wouldn't like you.
no actually lol. Sorry I'm such a loser
we have a youtube vid together but we're not following eachother on twitter?? This is sad
Shoot I got bills ta pay..!!
^es should vocal coaches train smokers...? Are you defeated before you start?
Happy 22nd Bday to my little brother I love you!
That and some pat-a-day eye drops and I hope to survive today.
Did you know we are working with the City of Detroit to help you do biz better? Have ?'s about navigating #BSEED? Contact Biz Advocate...
I have a huge headache.
you forgot the caffeine transition to frozen coffee :) hot-cold-frozen
If we've been broken up for a while and I still cry about it then I really loved you.
Headed to the with pooh and
GenealogyBank.com my new favorite Web site. Doing a how-to video on this for April.
Im up is mike wallace up waitin for a payday?
Thanks for spreading the word! We hope you and can make it! :)
I'm sure he has thicker skin than you...capable of absorbing and recognizing sarcasm. Only thing out of line is your a-hole line.
Thanks very much for the kind words, let me know if you have questions or comments. cc
day three of fun: What's your favorite Labor Day pleasure? cocktail, sleep, fun in the sun, bbq'g, beachin' it or name yours!
Staying the night at your friends before a game and forgetting your jersey <<<<<
QOTD: Adam Argyle. "Life is so boring when you're not rocking out". Trus story kid.
what happened to yo facebook
Fab 5 was tops, the U a close 2nd.
some good questions to discuss.
he stayed Up With me all night and he stayed up with me why i wa doin my hairr <U+2665>
Started a new twitter account for news & info directly related to work: So begins my experiment with SOC micro-reference!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Rubber Soul
Congrats on the gig!
In da kitchen making my kids some pancakes while dey playing in da backyard
#sschat advice for newbies -> don't be afraid to push the textbook envelope (meaning don't use it unless you have to) -
sadly I knew what you meant
Okay, so I'm gonna control carbs again cuz I needa tone up a bit…1g per body weight and I'm usually around 180lbs…so that's 180g
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't, either way you're right...
Your iPod is awesome. ^-^ And I sent my number in a message. :3
Casting! Do you know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story:
MADRE and are celebrating mothers worldwide. Send us your #wishesformothers via video, photo and comment
Greg Jones is trending from all the MJD owners who's TD he vultured. haha
I'm about to hop onto the webinar - "API trends of 2012" See you there...
SNOW! RT: Winter Storm Watch now.. Could be upgraded to a Winter Storm Warning later today. Perhaps 5"-9" of snow area wide.
THE BEST MAN and A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE have both extended until late summer!
I am quitting for now. Thank you so much for all your help. One day I will have the Internet!
Most snowflakes have 6 arms... They've never found any 2 alike.
Let me pitch your story to my editor. Thanks for keeping in touch.
I miss Marge
Epic night with epic people!!!
Aww shucks! And when I say shucks, I really mean: fucking bloody hell you dirty whore!
couldn't pull it off yesterday. Had some issues that couldn't be overcome.
. Oh! Greek Islands sound lovely!
You are officially in the imaginary group that is moving to Seattle ASAP. Pack your imaginary bags.
Happy Birthday !!!! have a great day :)
Lonnie G. Johnson invented the Super Soaker water gun- InSpotter app for African Americans
#Cocaine the #worstdrug... I hate watching my friends withdrawl...
Okay am in love with the writer of The King's Speech
New Blog guest post about parterning with us, for #Canvas4ACause this
Which side of the highway is Villa Montecito? Ocean?
so much hub-bub over this "emergency alert" failure. sounds like more government regulation to me! let the free market solve it!
It hasn't really been a dirty game, but there is a lot of hacking and slashing going on behind the play.
Time's up folks! Thanks to all who've submitted! Lots of great stuff!
Let's go Buffalo!!
follow tom on twitter!
He was born o bee somebody .there's nothing thats ever gonna stop him. he lights up the sky like lightning.yes.im tlking bout
: "Going into show business is like trying to make your own hummus. You're going to fail." Today he wins at COBO.
Sleepy Josh is sleepy. I should be exhausted, too, but I feel a little charged up. Hmm...
you get all the fun assignments.
Another DTST (Danny Thomas Spit Take) LOL!
I've loved and I've lost.
Love it when females see me walking up behind them and their man... Quick to grab his hand! LMAO girl, trust me... He ain't my type <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
wishing you a fun day on one of your fav days of the year!
lol...what gets listed first doesn't mean its true bubba....google. doesn't make those kinds of judgements
When you cook with A HAPPY heart food always tastes BETTER!!!
Would really love this too! :) RT I hope you get to write some juicy Clois scenes.
Shut up!!! That is gorgeous! You look amazing! Don't even tell me your mother made that dress!?
Everyone please follow me if you love Ariana Grande!!!!!! :) i promise to follow back! :)
Taking the kids to the theatre in Lincoln today, can anyone recomend a nice child friendly restaurant?
Loving the weather today.. turned out nice!
I am excited about this journey I'm taking in the apparel industry. My business plan is well thought out and I believe this three year jour…
yeah he's gonna dominant us. He's a monster
because we will hear all about it tomorrow from our teacher. he was mad too.
speak your mind, no matter what people say.
Here Here! God knows Four Roses and Russell's Reserve are much better.
We in here coolin' #WHOOP!
picking up where I left off yesterday: angry hero and surprised heroine, unexpected reunion first-meet scene...anger is good.
It's a date <3
Tune into to CBS 8 @ 5am and go Behinds the Scenes w/"Black Swan Workout"tomorrow morning (1/25)
You should follow back
On the edge of making a bold move, one that will substantially shift the course of my life. Do I dare take the leap of faith?
Oh no, , noo! My (basic) cable is out -- just as I sat down to watch the evening news. Help please? I've been very happy so far
Glad I have a prom date now :) yayy !
I wanna b right where u are..
devils double... Sick movie! Wish I had a double!
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has availability for an event on Sunday 8.15.10. Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.693.8452.
mrs beckerink? She was a germ freak lol.
Can't see my tv. owes me.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
with this 4S photo I can so tell how drunk you got!!!
the bow-legged stance + chucks=very nice to look at
Basically what Literatechnia brand is trying to do…
not with them things, make you straight asfuck,
Third priority is public safety. Houston has lowest per capita murder rate in city history.
AVENGERS was a good as movie lol for u fans out there!
Turn the Humans Loose -- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Incarceration Rates since 1776
ooh, I'll have to try that next time. Thanks!
Is it new or a repeat? Lol.
NEW YORK CITY....Join us this Sunday during the NFL Championship games for drink specials & half-priced Wings and Burgers!!
and then you've died...l
Good morning and happy Friday everyone! Let's wake up and smell the coffee!!!
What you listening to today?
I feel like Ariana's my friend, even though she doesn't know I exist.
Is annoyed that she is a woman of color? The dear girl is a hot white woman trapped in a brown gal's body. My sympathies.
And I have your drink ready for you. FY!!!! RT“: I get to wear my grey power suit with tonight #bestideaever”
Oh I know, so excited about coming next week & their recent financing success!
How are you man?
Happy Mothers Day from all of us @ Comfort Inn NorthPortland/Vancouver. www.vancouverwahotel.com
I hope you make it big one day! You'd be great! I would listen to your music all day <3 I love you
Now let's see if I can find this birthday gift.
happy Friday to you!
I am focus, focus and focus~BAMM.
thats my aunt ..
I'm not sure huffpo was ever super legit...
#MostOverratedMusicArtists: Animal Collective
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs dudes to busy thinkin with our dicks instead of our heads..women cuz they think about openin their legs.
Rice University Black Students Association Enters a Float In The 2010 MLK Grande Parade-Houston For More Info Visit www.mlkgrandeparade.org
actually said wasn't his type so her perfume doesn't matter now does it?
you are forgiven. Go and sin no more.
When will you be in NY???
This is the 2nd time this year I've had a drummer quit within 24 hours of a scheduled show! What the fuck is up with drummers?
I am just dumb-founded!! A 19yr old BOY and have 14 children out here, a Steve Harvey Strawberry Letter!! Wow, I can't believe it.....
RT Which habit do you struggle most with? Make a commitment to re-learn it and apply it this upcoming week.
Don't apologize. . . If people want to criticize you for having some harmless fun then they're the ones with the problem.
Next time you're' in Sac we should go to I'm there now :)
I have to say, some of these Idol guys r really good. I hope the girls bring it Wed nite!!
RT : Shovel Racing registration is open until 3pm this afternoon in the Village House & will be open 7am-9am tomorrow......
Looking forward to catching up with the ever genius this week.
Avett Brothers playing at Susquehanna Bank.
Thanks a bunch! Can you believe it's Monday already??
brown-forman.com/careers Corporate Food Services Manager
Was so good seeing my best friend today!!! I'll miss ya girl, can't wait 'til next time!
Happy Mothers Day!
April 2nd. 2 weeks to go. Don't care if due date is 4/17. Want to be done by usual 4/15. Best tax season ever...because I'm living life too!
"The children and the flowers are my sisters and my brothers--their laughter and their lovliness could clear a cloudy day."
Had an Unbelievable experience at Tony Robbins UPW in Orlando.
lol, I live in Richmond
I was always positive until I mate them........
LET'S GO
o ok
def going to see it Sunday
beard, at least?
At 8pm the transition from 215 east & west to I-15 south closes for Warm Springs bridge work. Back open at 5am
FOLLOWED(: “: Follow Back #yee”
be sure to send me a pic my brother...
See...now you're gonna make me have to go back and watch that movie again!
Play a One Direction song please? It'd maked my day.
Surprised I wasn't invited to 's House Party. It's alright... still love you guys! 'cause y'all got nice music... <3
congrats ! I'm sure you'll have a blast.
Looking forward to a fun weekend camping with 15 5th grade Girl Scouts! Hello Oak Springs! (and some mud, too)
if i were the mavs what would i do? id put in brian cardinal and tell him to make the feel the wrath of dallas right now
trynaa stop myself from fallin , or otherwise da ground will be the only thng breakn my fall . .cz he`s not here to catch me :/
follow me? i love you so much!
Who do you buy the biggest gift for?
Omg... Putting my music on shuffle wasn't a good idea. Why do I have so many depressing songs?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Although UK is in the hunt for 5-6 players, Calipari told Andy Katz earlier this week that the team will sign one more guy.
Thanks for the follow - sent a message for collaboration. Cheers. Feel free to email in response.
Would you eat chicken feet?
Cant wait to explore 1940 Census project when it goes online next month. Should be an amazing resource.
Jerry springer makes everyone's life seem less complicated! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
We are offering 20% off prints for APPA AIPP entries printed by Bond and also $100 voucher from Bond for each catergory winner.
That's why im moving to NYC after college.
2nd that. Lets plan it. I'm not going tonight. Just recommended it to a friend who's new in town and wants some wings
Dancing with the Stars (muted) with Kaskade blasting in the background is slightly confusing.
I just want a nice man. He can be sweet. Veggie on the couch. Make me feel like a princess without the glam. To love me.
Little brothers first c-team soccer game today and first jv soccer game today.
We had AMAZING Lobster Bisque soup today!
RT : NT schools reqquire community service & internships, cmmty college credits before graduation
Not a Sox fan really, but am so glad to see the RemDog back in the booth.
Here's to 2012...an American Presidential election year....Hope it lives up to everybody's expectations....
YES! thanks! :]
This Friday 4/20, we'll be releasing our single "Get To Know You" off our EP "Irie Days and Crazy Nights"!
Boys getting mad cos I keep turning them down :)
I have to get me one. RT : can provide new IPads for
Great read in xconomy yesterday - I work for - let me know if we can ever be a resource for you!
Plenty of shirts to fold if you're bored today. Shop is open for usual Thursday hours. 4-7pm. 1726 E North Ave. Side door.
65% of Americans have purchased a product or service thanks to a direct mailing! Are you sending Direct Mail?
I guess you can say that. Lol
Follow my health & fitness blog at it's new address, www.carolinescott.org. Practical tips for a healthy life!
Can you really cheer for UNC? I've never known anyone to like both UNC and Duke.
Letting too many folks use for phone for personal use ftl. I'll take that L lol.
I just take a nap instead of complain :P
Holy Cow!!! clippers!
aww I love all of your keeks,quotes,tweets,and all of your photoshoot that's all amazing<3(: I wish you'd follow me(:
incredible! Congratulations
Appreciate it.
Once again #Knicks arent closing out quarters right
Lol even haters take out time to obsess over Justin :')
Going out for a bachelorette party or just a ladies night? Check out All the Singles Ladies! The new comedy show from the Improv Asylum...
I really want to join 4H :)
Red Eye (2005) Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams in a horrible contrived thriller. I didn't care who lived or died and I mostly laughed. 3/9
Praying is talking directly to God
Starting my period in the middle of morning sex used to terrify me, but then I went to college and became thankful for every period, ever.
Can't wait to make a new Video!
It's raining and I'm bored
LMFAOOOO okay i texted both of the numbers just in case yanno.
Awesome write today w/ and it's nice to finaly write something real!!!
My dad just doesn't get me.
Not a good first half for the Jayhawks. Lucky to be down by 9. Going to be tough, but I think they can come back and make it interesting.
thank ya
Amen RT I hate dmv relicensing crap in #kcmo system sucks, when you try to do it right its impossible to have the right paper work
i vote comes to my house tonight so then dosent have to waste gas to see her. win win situation
lmao, my hair was just all over the place today...
We share the same feeling everytime we go back. Very Jealous as Texas is still too HOT
I'm gonna start a revolution from my bed !!!
good ol Ardie. We just had to pick our main people quickly and he was so far ahead. We didn't cover Matthew much at beginning.
yes, absolutely.
Interference w/public transpo steez #rogue u know the rest
Sorry, that's Kevin Ford.
My experience may be diverse but how does that make me "over-qualified"...I refuse 2 dumb-down my resume (despite advice to do so)!
Had a blast today in Kohler with my lil buddy, best friend & his fam. Good day + great people =
Follow Me I Will Follow Back The First 5 People To Follow Will Get A ShoutOut
its a miracle i finally love School lol
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt.
3 more weeks until I'm back in Law School, wow time flies!
Just going through the motions
DAMMIT I sound like a doctor. Lmfao
You need to believe in your own value because you ARE. Never mind what history or society or mag covers say. You rock!
are focus groups that expensive?
that hashtag was in an effort to get you people started on it.
Happy mother's day to I'm so blessed to have sucha incredible, caring and sacrificial mom:) I love you beanz!
Exercise and Cancer...great article via Dr. Burzynski!
my mans I watched your show for the first time yesterday, and you truly are good peoples.
Im here to make a statement in this AZ hip-hop music shit i will always go harder then the next it's my time I will never stop
your coming here! HELL YEAH
To the world you may be one but to one you might be the world <3
Thanks Lubna! And I hope you are decorating the world with your beautiful jewelry!!!
Whats up! How you been?
Hoop'n all day and night fool
Great addition to the team!!!
I need not your needles They're needless to me For the needing of needles Is needless, you see.
“: No grown as man should ever buy a baby Benz” LMFAO!
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 12
20 DAYS TILL MY BIRTHDAY!
I was staring at Amber Rose...who had a hat on?
“: Mr and mrs smith is actually my movie”like u made it?
Moved into a new apartment and my social media creativity is exploding!
Oh, hello there, artistic rock bottom!
BE WHO VALENTINES ? NOT ME !!!
hello amazing people :)
How was your Valentine's Day? Hopefully filled with love!
Thx for the follow. Congrats on recent "Geek of the Week"!
New benchmark: is your movie, on DVD, good enough for me to stop Tweeting during it. Hey, compete for my attention or don't, media product.
I wish I knew how you really feel now.
Two more days until Christmas.
texture and taste, that it does what I need it to do. Though, I often find the concept of comfort food somewhat paradoxical.
Also: I JUMPED ON A TRAMPOLINE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN //YEARS// AND IT WAS EVEN BETTER THAN I REMEMBERED. BOOM.
Only thing worse than a late #capmetro bus is an early one. This one left 5 mins ahead of advertised schedule.
Very interesting... RT BREAKING: Facebook acquires Instagram, story to follow shortly.
My definition of a great day: Work all day, then play football till dusk in 70-degree weather.
Irritations causes growth and development.
Camps start a week from Monday in Denver, CO. Working at Monarch HS w/boys & girls. Girls coach coaches team USA..Will be fun!
Great, thank you for the support!
Probably because hardly anyone these days watches that series, or hasn't even heard of it.:(
I'm trying hard to think of a word worse than worst.
Thanks for the follow...Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
I guess I just assumed you were preparing for a fight at 205.
I've actually heard that! I might have to drive a little out of the way and try there!
I just found a chain letter from from like 2008. WHOOPS! I guess I was the weakest link. lol
Greetings from the equator! <3
I nominate The Firm as the most convoluted pilot in television history.
MT An impromptu 18 minute intermission had to be called in the middle of the 2nd period
Lucky day! a hoard of your favorite international writers are meetin' and greetin' Hooray for #PENFest12!...
check out is just getting started so over time more and more courses will be added. Book your tee time through this and more !
Oh that's too bad because "Scandal" could easily be called "The Bold and the White House".
no probs, m'lady!
…lost my lizard…
Im told I resemble adam levine all the time & thats fine but its just sad when my parents say "something about you just reminds me of him!"
and just wrote a song together lastnight. You KNOW Thats gonna be a hit :D
uhmm, since now! Extended family included! W00000!
o ok I was walking around sad cause I didn see my lil sis there
#FF , a B accredited business with an A+ rating!
Watchin ...while eating lucky charms....ahaha(:
I got 4 pair of them I don't like them that much
How many flips have you ever done in a row?
Today's achievemments: two pot pies and split pea soup in the freezer, one clean bathroom, laundry. Grad school starts tomorrow!
. would B proud of the salad made with his balsamic, salt, pumpkin seed oil, artichoke hearts amongst greens
Um why is this stop light taking life
I don't want to put u on the spot, you have my addy just tweet me if you are ever interested, I'm in PST zone.
DYK? World-renowned poet, writer, activist, and educator Nikki Giovanni is a member of Delta Sigma Theta ..
My alarm is set every hour to "Get up and LUNGE!!"
I'll listen to them later,<3
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
Though Mercedes better TEAR IT UP!
Just been told what happens at Taiga 7 stays at Taiga 7. Guess I won't be tweeting much today.
Fucking thing SUCKS
1856-I like yuur smile!!(: Ill ship you with Zayn.
a lot of those drop-off followers were fake spam accounts. You don't want them anyway! ; )
We welcome University of Kansas Medical Center as the newest Ares subscriber!
Guess I will be hitting the road...#ChristieOhh!
Show went good! Regardless the slight technical difficulties. Thanks for people who actually got down! \m/
nascar is in 13 days, can't freaking wait im so pump up for race season to start go kevin harvick
Really? No Wikipedia page for the earthquake yet? Isn't that what you're supposed to do after checking Twitter?
#schoolmemories pump up the ham ! ;)
yea but I heard the letting us in around 11-12
Thanks so much, DJ!
NF .FOllow back :)
RT RT THIS if you already VOTED today!
Honestly EVERYTIME JR Smith shoots its a miss.
it's that damned "spread your 'wings' and let me come inside" line that makes it drunken leery junk. Rod's "Tonight's the Night"
get better soon.
RT <-----follow THEM NOW; They will follow you back! #TeamFollowBack all day!”
@ pasadena hilton valuable training motivated speakers!
EXCELLENT LiLo HERE I COME
Got my los gorditos burrito gotta go catch this lala game and chill out. If the lakers get this one we gettin druuunkk.
Cant wait til tomaro its gone b fun watch
I better have more open mods next year
What a great week. Big announcement and club mtg yesterday. Training camp this weekend. #NHL12 tourney Monday. Game Tuesday.
no... I know, I know, I'm missing out!
id rather have compassion then love there both very different. Especially with .. Wisdom money power & respect
or just till 3.. then party
Got those mint girl scout cookies for St. Patty's Day.
In a house w/ hot chicks who r older 20s & flight attendants ;)
Goodnight y'all i love all ma followers MWAH.
Refreshed after a day of running by the river, hitting the Russian/Turkish Baths for some detox and Ethiopian food to round out the evening
I guess the question is, if you were 9 months old, would you want to see Jandek perform?
Where are your kind of designers in the Seattle market? Have not found one YET.
Happy Thanksgiving! Big thank you to the awesome people in my life...:)
Special thanks to and for making 's 1st BOW open-call such a success!!
Are having another meeting today this could be it!!!
Nothing to lose
Haha! Thank you!
I've sold, bartered, and given away 85% of my material possessions over the last few weeks.
Other than that, staying busy!
Definitely don't want to discredit what City did, bc it was amazing. Just interesting they found out ab Bolton at the end.
Final mixing today of Senensy-Perla-Riley project. Clips forthcoming. I love Christian McBride! This is a man who's living a full life.
just cuz I said don't mean that I meant it...people say crazy things
sounds good! What time do you guys think you will be done.
Lit a candle.
Congrats on topping the 100k mark!!!! Go Big Blue!!!!
I will let management know, thank you
Hi!! Thank you for following me!!!
Have a Good Night Everyone! Be Blessed!
Helloo again Monday
Not a better 400th tweet around! RT : I could read through web for hours. Content is King and you all do it well.
damn they a choking
She's not down with morning sex? Not cool.
Success- Trey & Drake<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful- and I am JUST THAT!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Chasing them is probably what's making her skinny.
#firstdayofsummer Really? Not in FL. Its been summer since March!
#TeamBoB.. what's this on my PANTS, PANTS, PANTS!
I think that its great when 1beautiful woman can compliment another beautiful woman without feeling it takes away from her beauty
Excellent news!!
Very inspired by Missa Eaton aka & eager to support !!!
such good memories! Thank you! I'm all nostalgic and missing you like crazy!!! Ireland has never been the same without you <3 xx
I think imma make a cheesecake tomorrow.. My mama BBQ'n so I gotta make something
WHOM EVER SHALL FOWLLOW SHALL BURN IN HELL AND GET RAPED BY 11 MIDGETS
Helen Thomas.... would you like the Jews to go to the Fema camps?
Is there still value in adopting a technology that will be obsolete by the time you figure it out?
..how do you call someone and put them on hold for 8 whole minutes????...
We're glad to have you on the team! :-)
Truffle popcorn, fluffy blanket and good movie, perfect for the a Saturday night when it is raining!
travel writer is hosting the #VisitBelize live chat on 12/2 at 3PM EST. Learn more about #Belize and win prizes!
HEY THERE MY FELLOW ALIEN! TODAY IS MY BIG SIS BDAY! maybe u cud make her day happier & follow her on here!;)
“: When we have God's love in us, we can give it away. We can choose to love others as He has loved us!”
is so underrated. I love these guys.
yes #thursdaynighthoopla is going extremely well.
it's the other way around
.: Next month, America will have highest corp tax rate in world. We must have comprehensive tax reform - lower rates & broaden base
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
u look like u bored
Tomorrow I will be grilling and drinking a whiskey on the deck. Apparently, I will be celebrating Father's Day.
Fantastic! =) RT : Had the best time at Mix on Sat night! The place was hoppin'! Good music and a huge crowd.
I guess the rickety places are the ones to be most careful in?
just offered..."create better children for our country", I would argue that the system we created gets in the way of that.
new bio though! LOLL girl you cray, but I love it :]
Leslie Knope gets victory waffles. when we going to get some victory waffles?
• If I see any posted I'll let Uknow. These are from this spring training. (harvested from a website not my own unfortunately)
i'm starving. and im tempted to eat this whole bad of cheese balls.
my husband bought this "gets rid of all odors" laundry detergent. now my baby smells like a washeteria.
RT : Better teachers tend to ask fewer questions with only 1 right answer. Their students are doing most of the asking
what do you think is the criminal justice system's biggest flaw?
On my way back home..
You have Magic Legs?!? :)
Everyone who is freaking out about this storm has not lived here very long
Me either
Thanks for the follow, Charles. Hope you're having a great weekend!
I really can't believe I didn't love country before. It's like oldies... but more down to earth and modern!
#ChuckNorris can unscramble an egg.
Ugh frizzy hair is not fun :/
Jury recommends the death penalty in the Michael King trial. King was convicted of murdering Denise Amber Lee of North Port.
Tarsem Singh's THE FALL is on Instant!
Less than one week left to take advantage of our August specials! Head-to-Toe for $60 & 3 Arasys sessions for $450! Call us @ 617-227-5499!
Date night!! :) then maybe a drink
I hope it stop raining I gotta walk home :/
Heading to the Lone Star Vegetarian Cook-Off kick-off to meet our competitors & psych them out! :)
thanks so much Clive, so glad to hear you like it! :)
I have you as my wallpaper. Muah sho hot!.
I think there's something on your face... Wait, nevermind. It's just your hotness.
Woke up to an ops channel that's been lit up all night. Oh dear.
DeadPro needs more fans, tell your friends about DeadPro.
Dean Smith UPCC/MUSE use what we learned on journals to sell e-books to libraries.
it might be earlier if we get out early!! :)
"Be excellent to each other." - Bill and Ted (20th century philosophers)
Free coffee = great start to my Friday
I'm at a fucking baseball game and I'll cuss if I want to (not without getting scowled at by you and your children).
so sick. Bleh. I wanna puke. Bleh!!!
I want to get a Peace sign tattoo. Should I?
I've been called an apostate--does that count?
wow - quick response with a perfect, easy solution! Thanks, SimpleNote!
doesn't realize that just by tweeting "I Love You" can make everyone fall in love with him all over again.:)
Looking for single or double person acoustic acts please tweet at me if interested
yeah I'm afraid it's going to be a long hot summer I can't take the heat anymore! Night Beth!
What's your favorite Valentine's song, listeners? Can we play it for you today?
yeah I know, with shumpert out , theres no one that can guard him. Shumpert is a beast defender
My friends and I sing and make beats through out the whole school.
Delirious was way better/funnier imo
I can’t sand when people leave messages and they’re like “hi, it’s me…” Yeah, I know it’s you. That’s why I didn’t pick up
Writing a new webseries...or maybe it's a TV series. We shall see!
Two sweet lower-level tix to Civil War football game. Current bid: $200. Bid now: 503-517-6123 and help kids
lol thank ya thank ya
Wish I was going. Have fun! Glad you're tweeting again haha
yeah that dudes one of a kind
How's everything going on the west coast? #DC misses you!
Sorry, me fell asleep :P
Still watching Alias on TV. Season 3.
BULLSHIT!!..U JUST LOST YOUR FUNKK POINTS..WHAT PLANET OR LAND MASS YOUR EYES LOOKIN AT?? BURN BABY BURN...REALITY CHECK'D.
I got this!
The fact that my computer autocorrects "whatevs" to "wharves" continues to make me laugh.
You have to start getting you outfit together, i have the bottom half figured out, i just have to figure out what shirt i want
Learning how the crowd-funded nearly $140K in a month at the #SIC2011. Inspiring!
You got it, buddy. No problem at all.
The point is you don't know who a key player could be, that's how you find diamonds in the rough.
Tonight! Watch the premier of "Nepal's Stolen Children," airing on the West Coast at 8pm! Tweet #endslavery while you watch!
Very nice! I think I've seen those glasses somewhere recently - yummy colors. Cute map, too
I LOVE THIS DRESS
Just Made my organic pink grapefruit scrub and a new one...organic dark coffee sugar scrub. I can't stop sniffing it ! Love it!
lmao!!!! You BETTA prepare! I have no idea though. You know what's up in this city!
Thank you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I love getting woken up at 3 in the morning
Holly Pyne Connor brings art to Newark Museum
She said see ya later boy
Mom's head is as big as a dinner platter.
thank you! Thanks for the mention and spread the word! ;)
It sucks that Shakespeare changed gnomeo & Juliette when he wrote it, gnomes are bad ass
what about it?
Loved the article on Le Bernardin in Saveur Number 144. Brought back memories of a wonderful dinner there several years ago. Must go back!
HOLY FUCK IM FINALLY GONNA GET A PERKS TRAILER!!!! AH!!! #PerksOfBeingAWallflower <3333
I actually can't write anything coherent with pen / paper anymore. My thinking / writing shaped (for the better, I'd say) by technology.
- I know! The baseball gods are not on our side this week. The Sounds were out of town too!
Boehner is dishonest: raising debt ceiling is not a blank check.
New day, new dream.
OBSESSING over Game Of Thrones (HBO series AND books).... can't wait for the new season to begin!
Are Page Insights busted or something? I have 30 "Likes" and now I want my data dangit!
Another sign reads "A gun and badge does not justify murder."
most certainly almost any day. Please call 773 324 8695. Also consider residence course May 25-28 for refresher and deep rest
Its here! The Galaxy S 2....Come check it out
The king of the retweet
love ADAVIS but really top pick cant do a move over another 7 ft player , l perkins not giving any rebs, d jordan jumps high also, d howard
best episode ever!!
is curious about why Denver Public Schools thinks that a bus stop used by 2 kids is “unused.”
Go for it!
.... shit .... sorry!!! haha, i guess i just associate it with Joe now!! bad sleezy, sowie!
Part of this process is also accepting my body for what it is. My thighs will always be thick. Can't do shit about genetics.
It's so hot today, wish I had a pool in my backyard.
don't you mean Happy Saintsgiving!?
We will send our hungry thirsty costumers your way!
RT I'm excited to go to Nashville for my video shoot.......
Luck: What it Means and Why it Matters by Ed Smith: Adrian Michaels gets lucky with a new book by ex-cricketer E..
YES! RT : Should I join the legions of Instagramers?
I was nervous to talk to u today
My ankle is swollen. #TF ? This is fun..
love u
thats wat that is then pimp. Shit I'm high than a bitch right now
My company ordered a new computer from Amazon but received a box of Elmo books instead. Some kid is getting quite the birthday surprise.
Feeling sassy.
But everytime the character was supposed to swear in french I just wanted to shout SACRE BLEU!!
all my machines are
Remembering the emotional trauma older siblings have caused.....No wonder i'm so fucked up!
(This ones for #dad) Am I watching the #datona500 or Manitowoc Rd trying to back the #boat into the #driveway??
No Doubt's "Don't Speak" is on in my office. Scary to know that one of my co-workers wasn't even born when it came out. I feel old.
I can't believe that didn't work
In some areas & varying bandwidth, not in exhibit hall. RT : Does anyone know if there's free wifi at the #MLAnet12?
I see you, Ashley!
happy birthday hun!!!! Today is your day! May it be SO blessed! Luv ya!
Survivor series tonight. What's everyone's predictions?
Coffey almost collided with the grounds crew as he ran to the mound. Let's hope his pitches are better timed. Go #Dodgers!
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
It's just the way I am...
First time on twitter
Two very classy & professional #NFL press conferences in the same week, Peyton Manning & Humble superstars.
#1 What tasks will I have to perform? (Ask the program sponsor to list every step of the job.)
#NGL i love my name :D
Unintentional. Andrew set it up, planning to add peeps once he got the full list. I'll add you now!
"If you want to be loved, be lovable." - Ovid
go to the kitchen.... And then make me a sandwich ;)
We're proud to be Milwaukee's Number 1 nightlife source!
Crazy thing is I be soo serious. No laughing involved!
Planning A Birthday Party ? We have Packages for you we will book the venue of your Choice. Hot DJ's platinumcce.com info 678-431-2272
I know we might see each other!:)xx
Just got a "wiff" of Raspberry Vodka, reminds me of 10th grade. lol
simply eloquent.
should have found a closer law school.
RT : 1 time I fed a rat to my pet snake, but the rat was huge & ended up killing my snake....it was " a reptile dysfunction"
Congrats to Kona pond skim winner! Snowboarding James Bond who proposed! Great story.
Huntsman talking about simplifying tax code sounds a lot like 's Path to Prosperity. I could get behind that.
cold coffee, disparate thoughts and a convoluted planning process still
I really have to say that your lack of open mindedness and quick judgment is deeply disappointing
who stole your phone
Sorry just did :)
why you still up at 5 am?
Miami heat baby!!:) Jo-nathan
So true, they know jack shit. Inda comics Loki is not cute and misunderstood. He's an asshole of epic proportions who's jelly
Jesus Wept
Excited to be celebrating Jennifer Abernathy's Book launch
why is amber rose on masters of the mix?
me too! Social media is kicking my behind. You should contact them.
I wonder if #TopGear will come to #Austin when the Formula 1 track is finished........?
I promise to teach something brilliant today...
yessir give me the details.
Just saw a guy with a long fur coat on. The 1910's called -- they're looking for their coat.
Watching Awake with Viggle Thu | 10PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Keep doing what you're doing, Alexis. The world (and maybe even ) is listening. And yes, there is a God in heaven!
The more love you give, the more love you produce and experience within yourself.
Dante breaks down the lighting for Cora in the infirmary. The lighting was suggested by the gaffer - Wedge Light aka Book Light
Just gettin up
the feeling is mutual. ;)
If we use adrenaline purposefully instead of wasting it, then it can be available for the real urgent situations.
Dr. James Duderstadt highlights a few key points of the SOTU address focused on education, innovation and economic prosperity.
I'm So AWESOME
Fall back hoe
me too.. I need a vacation (in my Jeezy voice) lol
Hell no I don't
Arrived to a doctor's appt. an hour early... Muzack is playing. Really?! Thank goodess for the iPod!
Prepare for lift off
follow her
If the lottery makes billions of dollars and is supposed to be used to fund schools why are programs constantly being cut...?
I love you do much. It would make my life if you followed me!!<3
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
hopefully i see you in cincinnati soon. it will sell out in seconds
we are going to Hawaii for a week. Been saving for 2 years. When I get back we should get some drinks again.
so... my bestfriend just completely fell off the face of the earth..
what songs do you have? :)
I love Chad. I love him.
in IU's 02' NC game run UNCW upset USC to play IU in second round with the overall #1 to follow...
I think you know!
Don't wait until you're standing under the mistletoe... CHOOSE TO SMOOCH!!!
Looking forward to the issues forum in Lawrence tonight at the Sterrett Center. 7pm - 9pm
It has to be a good day. Today's Dr. Seuss's birthday!
EVEN THO U WILL NEVER C THIS TWEET OR WILL NEVER FPLLOW ME I WANT TO TELL U THANKS FOR BEING U AND ALL THAT U DO FOR THE WORLD
Tonight on Outreach on 1310 WIBA AM, my guest will be Leonard Pitts, columnist for the Miami Herald.
I live in the city but I feel like I'v seen u before
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
Wall-E = cutest movie ever.
Happy turkey day! See everyone for tomorrow's sale!
happy tuesday everyone!!! its a good day for shoppin!!!
Got #minxonmytoes and its
Royals win!!!
Looking forward to the wknd:) gonna be
Wow - Season Finale of was so good!
Bored anyone on
Hey haters! Just fyi, Pacquiao isn't the top pound for pound fighter anymore. I think you know who it is huh?
nah I'm not apart of the tattoo portion of this agreement
RT : Boehringer Ingelheim to live tweet their annual press conference, 21st April 2009. All updates to be tagged
Brian you're so cute.
Life will throw curve balls at you! Catch it and make the best of it
I'm just that much of a flirt
Walking around toys-r-us. What happened to legos and nerf guns? All I see are iPads. There is no such thing as a childhood anymore
I JUST WANNA MAKE YOU SWEET
Very excited for you. Can't wait to see what comes next.
That's great! RT : you're tacky and I hate you
There's no better time to sit next to a paper shredder than right before an office move, assuming you're creatively inspired by rage.
welcome to Jacksonville, the city of two Navy bases!
Great presentation by Jillian and Robin Benoit last night in #Utah. Thank you for sharing your story and changing lives for families here!
The fact that I have a piggy bank just for I WILL meet you barbz. If its the last thing I do.
Don't know summer plans yet. But I hope to make several long weekend trips. It would be fun to meet you.
is definatly one of my favorite artist. No he is my favorite artist.
Memorizing lines for 3 projects right now... pretty kah-razy, yet fun...
got a great fam! Keep up all the hard work man. Everyone is proud.
In that case, sit back, relax, and enjoy! Sounds like it'll be a good one!
Music is my life. Cant live without it :3
Pass pages, the "ragged glory" playlist that is the heart and soul of SPARKS, and homemade Purplesaurus Rex. Today, we work!
": Monkeys Honor Roll! Monkeys Honor Roll!" I laugh every time.
When you hear that, "we are all connected", I know what this means for me, but what does this mean for you?
Couldn't agree more. Why must we continue parsing this simple distinction?
Thank you, my friend!
Houston's Best Female Entertainment......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....Be BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,and SEXY!!!!
out running on this cold morning hope everybody has a bless morning
awesome to meet you too! Keep reaching for your dreams...
Lincoln: "In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free . . We shall nobly save or meanly lose the last, best hope of earth.
Music is so gross nowadays, what kind of trash is all this! Who is allowing all this shit to be on the radio!!!
Theresa Zimmerman won the drawing she signed up for before the USF game. Visit the pregame tent. You could be our next winner!
I want to call in my vote for American Idol, but Paul McCartney has all the lines tied up voting for Heejun.
Love The Interview!! Made My Life! [:
woo! Congratulations on not exploding anything!
enjoy your #new #ipad. We invite you to discover a new digital art publication Available for a FREE download!
i have no idea why she was laughing i read about that and i was like what the fuck?
Atlanta Braves, Great Role Models? Also reminds me of some blind umpire jokes...
like the iphone add to Real Estate 2.0 map-was hoping to see virtual tour and mkt platform-submitted TB thx
No, popcorn is not a vegetable
Lose the freak show Artest, crybaby Bynum, & find some good role players...BTW, most 12 yr olds have more toughness than Pau
you can hate all you want but after you have surgery and you can't put your own shoes on or off or god forbid tie a pair you' ...
why is everyone saying 58 million. what is this
ok ima text u then matter fact dm me
I had to couch surf at the final four. It was a great experience.
Thank u to all my new followers! I can't follow u back until I reach 1,000 followers but know that I want to...and hopefully can soon.
- I just caught the garter@ a wedding last week... Coincidence??? I think not - 9 month romance?
To not KNOW, is to be in active participant in Turkey's demonic scheme of the extinction of Armenia. KNOW HISTORY.
Done with all of my exams! Now to pack up my pigsty of a room before 1.
my favorite track from #STWOF has got to be "die for you"
You most likely have them but you don't have to get them removed if you don't want to.
Looking forward to NBA veteran and New Jersey Nets head coach Avery Johnson talking to our students at Iroquois tomorrow.
Emerging artists, take note! : "Live out of your imagination, not your history." - Stephen Covey
The boy and I just started reading it (on our Kindles, too)!
Excited to see you guys for the first time in Milwaukee tomorrow. Will be a great way to forget my college finals!
Just left school
It's a beautiful day for baseball. Let's go
anyone else about to watch our friends on Jay Leno in a few?
Well that was a GREAT party. Saturday well spent. I just wish a few things had been different.
GOP pundent Sarah Janicek is known for her blunt talk, but her comments on about MN party's money woes were brutally honest.
Hoping my waxed back can survive spring break 2012
I can pre-schedule my birthday and Christmas cards in advance with
Libertarians don't care about liberty. They just want to make sure someone else doesn't get more than they do. Narcissism/greed. IMO
*Plugs ears* "LA LA LA DADAADADA"
Downloading NBA 2K12 for iPhone.......
My mom was a teen mom and a single mom. she never gave up. Gonna try and rewrite
Sounds interesting... Is "fat jar" a combination of jar as in Java .jar and fat as in "fat binary"? I could get behind that.
Here goes, even though my head is telling me no.
text me when and where ,(:
Today I will watch as much as my heart desires
Lines out the doors at the little flower shops!! How cute and sweet!!!! Happy Valentines Day :)
The only thing I put before me is do, re.
& it's officially over. Goodbye Latin Academy...wouldn't have wanted to end it with any other class.
I'm back, but whatever happened fried my microwave!
Busy weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
Still concerned about tech being used to drive the same old pedagogy. Khan is great but. . . .
is going to have on Tuesday est. this show cannot be missed!!!!
alas, sleep. maybe this time i'll wake up in a non-depressive state.
lol Dustin.. yeah i saw that on tv :P. "Are you stoned or something?" "They tried stoning me my dear, It did not work lol"
So MPD & Sheriff are looking for a jumper, but the 2 depta are not talking to each other over the air..hmm I wonder why.
Can't believe Whitney Houston is gone
im tired xD
Thanks for the RT. Have a great night.
Why did you retweet that? When I say "Danielle" I'm not talking about you...I don't even know you. Ugh.
Mum, does God use the bathroom? No, what a funny question! Then why did Dad say this morning, 'Oh, God, are you still in there? '
I forget to return messages to all my OkCupid prospects.
Watching Adventure Time. Finn is so fucking cute. <U+2665>
either bad semantics or rouge yahoo dev. Either way, I'd rather be boating.
Yes it is totally packed! Why don't you join us tonight?
ah, easter week, i've been waiting for you ;)
love this tweet! so glad you're enjoying our music today!
Wow #NC really? Approving the same sex marriage ban?? This is why I hate that we have to 'vote' on equality in the 1st place.!
We're working on it. ;o)
I think it looks good on the charcoal.
RT : BREAKING: US sprinter Michael Rodgers has tested positive for banned substance and accepted ban for doping offense
Join the SOPA conversation. Looking for a volunteer videographer to film & edit a short PSA. email for details:
Glad it was nothing! His name isn't Chalmers, is it?
I don't think lil wayne likes ceilings.
Brrrr, anyone else working in a chilly office today? Thinking warm thoughts
I think they need to charge to fit everyone that wants to go...the venue isn't big enough anymore for Free.
Please welcome Adina_Greaney to the Max life
To all the 3rd world countries. Ur welcome for the new KU t-shirts Sincerely
ANY ONE WHO TWEETED ME TO MAKE THEM A BG...YOUR BACKGROUNDS WILL BE DONE SOON :) is makeing THE CODY SIMPSONS ONES :)
I can see Mount Mansfield and Camels Hump today. I'm happy.
she ain't beautiful! It's your eyes who sees her beautiful<3 Dawwh! She loves you<3 ;*
coming down to hang with you and at hammond. You gonna be around after the show?
We opened early today for the Good Times Crossfit event. Two food trucks today. Am= and Pm= Chandos. Stop by for
Having helped more than 10,000 customers, we have the experience and expertise to handle all your plumbing needs.
Would like to see this hawks team at 100% from the jump. Horford adds alot
The excitement-induced insomnia for the upcoming #NASASocial has already begun. 4 more days!
student quote: "failure is to not complete something" #Learn2Fail at
James 1:13 When tempted, no one should say, "God is tempting me." For God cannot be tempted by evil, nor does he tempt anyone
yes ma'am.
Happy Mothers Day!!(:
of course! Duh! :) only u added pink tassels :)
soon upload videos of me singing or doing something. todabias not know when but someday. followme :)
Going to the gym. School is over all I have to worry about is this SEXY body ;)
Picked up the 2006 book Google's_PageRank_and_Beyond by Langville and Meyer. Have to brush up on linear algebra and matrix operations now.
Getting a chemical facial.
The guy from George washington and all the real girls is on parks an recreation = DVRed
Of course she's gonna say she's happy for you and fake a smile. But look deep into those eyes; you broke her.
Honestly, when Kick in the Door came out I didnt know who he was talking about. It came out later
Floyd #Landis: U doped, cheated, lied & denied; disgraced yourself, R country, & the sport of cycling. Shut up alrdy! Haven't u done enough?
write me on that list please :)
how old are you?(:
Just like Hawks and Yotes. Hawks dominating, but goalies are in different leagues.
hmm.. That's a good question. Well I don't really know if I could narrow it down to one so I'll narrow it down to type haha
thank you amy! :)
Best sleep of my life.
how u been Jon
don't compare yourself to another company in your sales pitch... now i'm just thinking about them, instead of you. who are you?
I wrote a blog about not drinking alcohol 2 years ago. Since then, it's become a place where quitters leave each other supportive comments.
ya. im on the website trying to get free tickets but it aint working ugh
Going to Boston for my commencement this weekend!
"Many discouraging hours will arise before the rainbow of accomplished goals will appear on the horizon." -Haile Selassie I
EW to all of the above. :P
The "biggest directioner" at my school said she's never heard Torn... Stab me in the back and cut my head off.
A spell of good passing by the Fire while trying to score within the final 3 mins.
lmao im dying
Wow! Real classic on #usa #ToKillaMockingbird - fantastic saturday night
thanks yo for the FF. Sup?
Thanks for the support up there in MA Kappys! Shine responsibly!
So I am about to get it in a let the world know how I fought for this country - how I returned so they could fuck me over
Everybody needs to feel loved and appreciated every now and then...
Yes, it is so sweet!
I hope you heal well and quickly!
Is it just me or are and starting to say what has been saying this whole time?
You and me both.
Follow 2Hot artist
I miss you btdubs, jerk. <3
sure Hope so, if fully recovered
Tip of the day: You're never fully dressed w/out a smile! :)
Thanks for sharing my post! :)
The perks of working from home - I can sleep in till 9m and then look like shit while I pretend to be all intelligent online :D
i think its retweeting everyones stuff .
Saturday is Slow Art Day, how are you participating?
I Promise That Things Won't Be Broken And I Swear That I'll Never Leave Please Stay Forever With Me
I am really TIRED of Chris Berman .... back, back, back, back, back .....
lol ur to cool to chill wit me o sucka
You know that guy I married? He's pretty neat.
Haha, Happy New Year!
Baby come back home. <U+2764>
Thanks for the follow! What's your favourite game? :)
"Let's be friends" tf? I dnt wanna just be ya friend
Too bad about Miami...always love a game 7.
Did you see this? Oregon Legislature outlaws driving while on hand-held cell phone.
Thanks, You do the same!! While you're at it have a great tomorrow too!! =D
leave a hand print on her butt cheek she give me head while i puff trees
I my dad thinks my only graduation present is going to be an iPhone........things won't go well.
Name 3 shows…that you would want…your "Black" child or "Black" children to do or be in…
80's day in the office today. Got Mullet.
Good Morning!! Everyone. You should have a Apricot for breakfast.
Put your bitch in a tub of cum and throw a shark in it.
#Sounders might get the monkey off their back. Up 2-0 on #LAGalaxy with 20 mins left
Few things give me as much pleasure as roaming around town and making observations behind sunglasses and earphones.
I absolutely enjoy it when my friends meet people they adore and look up to :) it makes me so happy for them!!! :)
well sittin here in my room cold-Tamya:( ily
I have learned that as I move from the first step to the next step the challenges become harder and harder.
That might have been the most energized I've seen a crowd for an opening band.
sorry to tell ya but no stickers will awarded to ya tonight
Today was so weird.
Up bored WIFEY sleep n I'm up lol we ate good I think I want sum icecream n peach pie tastie
tell me how it is Juan. I LOVE Marilyn AND Michelle
Isn't it good Twitter etiquette to follow those who follow you?
thanks for the follow
#christmaslove been waiting for this one live. #favorite Congrats
a relationship isnt a test so why cheat?
#onlyfatpeople .... fuck I'll tweet later my cheeseburger pizza just arrived... shiit I just tripped over my fupa..brb
use more product, girl
Sholl is... It's at an all time high RT Back door season....
LiveCirrus is giving OnLive a run for their money in mobile desktop virtualization
any special guests next season
what happened to our plan?!!!!!???
Got a #googlewave invite... anybody want one? I can send out 8... reply with your email
You bailed this time.
LAST DAY! check out ! I WANT THE $25 GIFT CARD!
Omg how long can this assembly drag on ? #pleaseshootme !!!!!
also, I like your new picture (:
#Reality The thing that pulls me out of my dreams...
Just read your Sat post. Personal posts like that make your site a daily stop for me, although I don't typically cry at work.
I though you quit.
Wobble wobble gobble gobble. Dubsteppin' my way to a perfect score on the LSAT!
" a cowboy rode into town on Friday he stayed for 3 days then left on friday...how did he do it" please answer the brain tease and reply!!!!
Hail in North Austin.
's tweets crack me up!
Images are a big part of the new blended search results, so allowing Google to find your photos will help your SEO efforts
Just made blue jean cut offs like a boss.
hahahaha you're so cute, glad you made it! :)
No. 1 way I know it's college basketball time? Two words: Dance. Team.
Happy Birthday love you!
The internet has ruined my life.
I DO
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
you look so amazing(:
what if cup winners already qualify for champs league???
Good to get them written :)
Good: decided to mow my yard this afternoon. Bad: busted out the side window in my wife's Yukon...
fine. 5 bucks a cup
Not I, sir. You are more informative (via Twitter) and entertaining than Wikipedia. There4, I vow to read you more.
oh I know Miss this good times :/
One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others. - Lao-tzu
the palms illuminati is praying
:: What an amazing morning. better rate this day a 10.
RT : #Aquarius and Libra: These two make for both a romantic and friendly relationship, blending both nicely into one union
Certain songs are just summer songs
both are zero in that situation. Ya Hart should take it, but it will never matter since neither can throw.
Peter Holsapple sold me our tickets to the Lion King at the DPAC. Was hoping they'd eventually play.
All my best friends squeezed into one snall living room. Best birthday ever :)
#FF came early this week. Again.
Let's change that
Omg! That is so funny! Made me spit up my Pepsi.
Guys, bet a female that she can't touch both her elbows to her belly button. Watch, and enjoy! ;)
No podcasts today? I'm sure I'm the 3252743th person to ask.
Looks like plans are changing a bit then…
Would love to see you at clinic on Saturday. If so, please ask for He can direct you. TY!
are creative people to #follow on Twitter! Thx4 RT/M!
Today was good. SexEd at ; laundry; new parts for the bicycle. I still need to find the right bike rack.
Looking forward to our live chat tonight on !
awkward silence for that one. Lol you can have a seat my darling.
do you have to be 18 ?
Let's take a chance & live this Fantasy!
sounds so awesome! its like developing news in the sportsworld! we look fwd to joining + following
We'll be at this weekend! Offerings include Corned Beef & Scotch Egg. RT For chance to win tickets to Irish Fest!
Thanks for inviting us to the press suite for
Fun times at the dog park.....Henry humped at least three new friends.
He has so many funny ones; you can't help but laugh! :) Hope all is well.
Thank you
I miss the winter weather.
Back to work on Monday.
Good Morning! A little girl seeks revenge. A real woman moves on while karma does her dirty work.
oh my bad I must have mistaken u for a grown up.... Grow up Peter pan
One week til the last capital city dance team prep class! Visit austintoros.com for more information 2 more weeks til auditions!!
Today presented me with a whole new set of life challenges, least of which is an itchy scalp. Too bad new shampoo can't solve every problem.
Is it just me who has a pet peeve about using "evolve" broadly? Or, is it just me who's been spazzing at the news this week?
Why the fuck do I still try.
One lesson you better learn if you want to be in politics is that you never go out on a golf course and beat the President - Lyndon B. Johns
Yes! RT Dear - Please join the Big 12.
#Oomf Hairline Is Worse Than LeBron's!!!!!!
no he followed on 10/3/11 but he never noticed (RT or Tweet) till now
What’s good diet I should have to get results from working out?: I’m 16 and work out for my swimming. I’ve been at it for a couple mo...
Collaborating when negotiating allows you to find new values and new outcomes. w/ #womnegotiators,
I wonder if Santa participates in the holiday tradition of drinking heavily when visiting family.
Let me know if you liked MI4!
Sup NY, pleasure to be in you.
fb strike outside corner.
Swole! I forgot my ice water at my house :/
Ray Charles to the bullshit
: Really looking forward to finally meeting you tomorrow night! :)
you is a punk!<3
Watching #TheVoice The whole team system isn't working when 1 of the best 2 people (both on Cee Lo's team) will have to go home
Smh after hating on it so much. ": The new star trek>>"
Wow Rob, pulling out of LA show now & I too wrote show was "transcendent" -- it really was, amazing, tears, dancing, family
ATTENTION is kicked out of his house and has been.. It would be nice if you bring him food to school granola bar snacks etc.
Where do you find a down-and-out octopus ? On squid row !
And I shall!
“: Just took photos with So much fun! Thanks Anna. Can't wait to see them.” yeah! Me too :)
I should have never gone zip lining
Tend to make the wrong decisions at the right time.
WHATT ARE YOU GUYS CELEBRATING FAT TUESDAY!?!!?
Shucks, I'm going to go 'no' on that one.
Does anyone have McNamee's cell?
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff asking for ''pictures'' .
I love you!
Just got home from shopping with my momma c:
what u do best! Go mop up a high stakes game!! n don't forget to get me 25% off some clothes on ur site pleeeeez!
Dodging Obesity, Dodgeball Tournament happening May 4th at Dr. Riba's Health Club! Very Excited!
For a great deal of people, the weekly paycheck is 'take-home pay' simply because home is the only place they could manage to go with it.
Merry Christmas! Happy Birthday Jesus!
yes we do RT : Don't forget to follow for the latest green building news and information!
Keep that hater talk at a whisper.
hahahaha me too grill!! Freaky things!!!
I am pretty sure you just like moving. Now in Austin eh?
Like, Im doing really great on Southern Charms, even though I've never updated! I guess I will this week though
The pressure is high in City Hall as everybody hones their final pitches for T-minus 20 minutes!
I would come after the sale gone off! Ugh! Smh!
aww, gonna b at work can't chill 2night :(
3:30 on Friday? Damn I wish!
Oxy baby! “: Why am I awake?”
haha whatever.. It's not like the front is any better lol
Wake up hoping its not as cold outside as it is in my room then i look out the window & theres snow everywhere, you've gotta be shitting me
Follow me? <3
you miss my point. Being drunk with the #Roaddron and you is better then being drunk with 5 people
No way Jose! I was just picturing you frantically waving your terrible towel. Not a Detroit fan?
and btw all those other replies were bullshit too. Their lives suck too they just aren't admitting it.
; NO NO NO, i don't wanna go back to school tomorrow..
Work early in the morning and I'm feeling like I won't fall asleep anytime soon. #INeedRest !
followed you :D
I love sending my mom pictures of my cousin's newborn baby. Makes her day. :)
No Idea -_- i suppose she thought I was lying..i mean if that were the case im pretty sure a raincoat would be involved -_- ..
Lol, yall must think im scared to cum to da met or sumn. Im just gon have to show ya. Lol.
I really love Cracker Barrel's food. It's too bad I can't taste any of it.
The only people using #ReplaceBandNamesWithRape are people complaining about
Great first day #IHRSA with
RT : Bulls on tonight all the big tvs. sound will be on!
Waiting for a signing in New York... hope there is one... <33
Need to write an AASL blog entry on ideas for using past Best Websites winners. Can't decide which one to pick this month. Decisions.....
7k wrds today (38 total) incl 1st extended monologue bt narrator Freddy Flaneur, who smoked weed this morning, and the new Simon Hitachi
Tonight's Special: Chicken Fried Steak Fingers w/ Gravy
Waiting patiently for #Panthers schedule. ... Still say, 10-6 is doable.
news. It's a delta flight the got stopped in midway.
Yes I'll admit that I'm a fool for you
what and awesome Saturday full of beautiful cakes for out customers!! Yaayy Enjoy everyone!!!!
Check out the Testimonial section of our site where Corrine asks ... "Why would I want gas?"
me too
Follow me i follow back click the link on my profile save massive money. allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world shopping domination
"We All Try" will always be one of my favorite Frank Ocean songs
Thanks for the retweet.
do you know anything about where they'll be in Philly?
#confession Fck Miami...oh and #13thingsilove include each point the Mavs put up in the 4th!
okay lmao i was lost as always :o
Yay got a life size cut out of justin bieber whoooooow be jealous!!!!!
'd love to be in on that.
#TwitterBlackout 24 Hour Boycott of 's New Censorship Policy. Censoring PPL is wrong, because Americans created #Twitter. 1stAmend.
Tuned to architecture talk by
Oh no, watch it every sunday;
My baby on dat meek alreAdy
It's finally the weekend!!!
LOL! I hope you are joking :D I will your laughter and enthusiasm. Let me know when you are in NY again.
wasn't French toast German toast originally or is that a myth
Hockey teams fire coaches as often as fans of other sports wish their teams would fire guys.
I'm so glad I got rid of all the fakes and phonies in my life..feel like a weight had been lifted off
also, check the folks these accounts follow (and twitter will recommend some for you).
.frightening looks ?deli carnegie from #jetbo a eat possibly someone can how
Brutal Lakers loss that I kept thinking they would blow. And they did. I hate it when I'm right.
lets do lunch or something this week.
Sounds fun!
Something is jacked with my notifications I keep missing you. :) Feeling much better.
will be good to see you at the final four
thanks for the kind words!
ANOTHER amazing crew!!!!!!!!!!
It's official: I will be on Voyages to Antiquity as a Guest Lecturer in July, sailing the Greek Islands and the Black Sea!
Download the new mixtape on www.mrbanksmusic.com
can we fire cruel comments like on youtube or is that just your job.
I'm ready to get out of here. School gets on my damn nerves. Especially at the end of the year.
- Perfect lunch break! We have a public garden at our library at 2510 St. Paul that's also a fantastic reading break spot!
End of the first quarter, Predators lead 20-7.
congrats on your success, but it's a tad early to make me go to the dictionary.
Why can't tweets be longer than 140 characters? Who made that rule up? Why not 150?!
I want that shirt...Dodgers fan in Cleveland gotta represent my SoCal boys of summer!!
RT : Friday a.m. viewing: RT : PUMPED for Beer Bracketology tomorrow on
Thanks. We love you back! RT : i love ipath
Dollar is weakening and commodities are surging. Sounds like a printing press rally to me. RT Dow Breaks 13,000
Watching The Skeleton Key O.o
Miss all ya'll. Hope it goes well!
I KNEW IT!! They're ALL walkers just waiting to die!
“: Thank you to NC citizens who are voting "No" on Amendment 1 today.”
It's valentine's Day so take that someone special out to a nice romantic dinner and find some great deals @ toptable.com.
You too? I'm having issues transferring domains today - have you had issues before? I'm nervous now...
There's really a timeless quality to all these Charlie Sheen commercials I'm seeing today.
do you think a #barberchair is taking it too far for comfort as far as office chairs go? I could get accustomed to that.
Also, I think those people are clinically insane. They're so far gone I feel I'm doing them a true
Welcome new followers!
What's the latest on #Arizona's #immigration law. Demonstators are in the streets. We have the latest on the
Gone Crazy... Be back soon
& we love u back homie. N a secure #ManLove kinda way
one more week till
Someone should talk to me.
looking forward to being dazzled by the shiny new polish!
Took someone's advice on Twitter today and referred to cell phones as "mobile learning devices." Good stuff.
HERE AND THERE LOL HOW U BEEN?
DLF's Rachel Frick talking about linked open data to increase discoverability at Online and Above the Radar. DCC C146
Its to hot at this graduation tho.
Yes! ~ RT : Being on Twitter & not following is like eating a bran muffin when you're standing in a cupcakery.
Man. Some good stuff on Netflix
What is up with these teen girls wearing pantyhose looking tights? Not wearing a shirt over it. Very Hoochie - you can see it all girls.
#SomeWhereOutThere is this old lady who is tryna get her cougar on tonight.
get your tweet game up!
#NowPlaying Goldfinger – Here In Your Bedroom on
Beautiful #models! Publish your #portfolio online with www.shastic.com! Become a shastician! Be discovered!
Due to weather the Benefit for Baltimore's Children Concert at the Hippodrome tonight, 1/26, has been postponed. www.livingclassrooms.org
Time for bed.. Gotta get up & go to work tomorrow..
have literally spent all of first period so far talking with mrs lopez and taking pictures for her instagram. god bless review week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
it's ON! :) looking forward to connecting with y'all on sunday night, if not before.
ah! Makes sense why I didn't notice then...thanks!
thanks Craig, love hearing ur feedback! used to with us-but you can actually still buy it via LevelUp at Leisure Station
...which is silly, because the Confederacy still could have achieved its objectives after the defeat at Gettysburg
cheers dude, hope to see you soon.
Happy Birthday Girlie!
sorry we are only available on iphone or android
lol the window hella funny. Dude n u were so passed out haha shanacie I'm leavein all I hear is u go eh hahaha
ill say hi next time and try not to make short jokes c;
no problem have a great weekend!
sounds cool!
Looking forward to today's Archives Bazaar planning meeting. This gathering just gets better every year.
cuz it would have said vulgar_os_tweets so people would be like huh whats this about. and i thought about talk instead
real tears right now from laughing so hard. also hella pissed at myself for not coming up with that first
"True friendship isn’t about being there when it’s convenient; it’s about being there when it’s not.” some need to learn..."
Yeah, yeah, yeah.. but what a win? Go Pacers!
Running on soft sand/high tide is pretty but brutal. Burning calves from this morning's run.
i rlly appreciate u trying to call him- u the man- hope ur weekend went well-
Pedophiles make no effort to hide on Twitter. Why are you sick fucks not in prison getting raped like you should be?
You thirsty and I got some water... How you feel?
Getting ready to hit the gym, then do some classwork, conference call tonight with my debate team for class
When your sister decides to take your phone...
A work of abstract expressionism by a chimp and a still life of a flower by an elephant are part of a new exhibition in London of artworks
Tomorrow is our 50TH EPISODE! Did your voice make it onto the show? Listen tomorrow and find out!
Currently, I haven't gotten up from this chair in 7 hours and 15 minutes. I'm kind of scared to get up for fear of falling.
Jeremy, are you using a fountain pen now? Have you tried the Lamy Safari?
alright lol did you have to sign up to go ?
You're Welcome!!
thank you for the mention!
I feel sick to my stomach
Wish people would stop putting words in my mouth...about my friends? Yeah that makes a ton of sense??
"You realize the type of diversity I bring is temporary?" had me rolling. The whole "wack writing" bit. Genius
i love your tweets
#wewontwork if you can't make me laugh and except me for the wierdo that I am :)
“: I want to make one thing clear: I am neither a Republican or Democrat. #ELE”. Radical!
awww bo ha im sorry that must blow
Wait, isn't it still in there?
On set playing an American Mobster car-jacking a group of Norwegians. classic!
kinda wishing I had not made this mission. Portland is looking
I'll be on the east coast for a bunch so would miss way too much
yea, same, I tried playing lefty and it was just horrible hah!
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
So glad that the weekend begins tonight just10 hours to go
Jake..... It's hard sometimes to just let God do His thing. It sounds so easy, but we get in the way so much! Just sayin'!
Of course, that often means more work - instead of re-using things - and some things are worth re-using. But I like the invention process
what about me??? Ha ha. Love ya sis.
Excuse me on that last tweet, i meant malice at Chesapeake Energy Arena.
Great Advice RT Before you write your #resume write a long list of your personal accomplishments.
Just found your handle !! Why won't it come up automatically? You know you're part of that sentence lady! xoxo
What happened? I work for Baltimore Collegetown...let me know how I can help!
2nd life learning: nursing students are given scenarios and get graded on patient communication, collaboration w/other medical staff.
While employed as the Astros GM, Ed Wade acquired 11 of the 25 players on the 2008 Phillies championship team.
When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans,
What is the 'primary aim' of your company?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(:
Art for Ransom is starting! Will the art be freed?
#IKnewItWasOverWhen you said you loved me
Happy birthday Jane! RT : Happy 235th birthday to my favorite author, Jane Austen! Check out www.google.co.uk
Beautiful goal by #Sounders to take an early lead over #Santos. Frustrating that #Rapids are no longer in this tournament
What time is best to come by? Its right across street from my office.
"Everyday I'm Bufferin" - YOUTUBE
I cannot believe that someone in my bloodline, one of culturally open and accepting liberal Italian immigrants, would succumb to this bl ...
Just passed johnny depp's yacht
lol hey there (:
so sad! when the media is full of women exposing themselves its expected 4 weak females in this world! Stay strong girl
"It is one’s sincerity that matters" - Daisaku Ikeda
WTF! Why are you not calling out for saying that's why "We" rioted. I really doubt his rich ass was down there.
Is your Friends group doing out-of-the-box fundraising and events? Let us know! Email to get the word out.
- You're welcome.
I'd love a GTL sticker if you have any left.
oh and goodnight Jerricka c: I love you <3
is it a good idea to put your score on your resume? thoughts?
I've never been more excited for rainbow chard!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
As if Newt being first House Speaker penalized for bad ethics doesn't matter that much.
We are skilled at providing you with expert advice on all your insurance related questions and needs. #LintonAndAssociates 505-247-1530
Loving the snow in Kalispell. Winter is good here. Snowboarding today.
our relationship goes from >>>>>> too <<<<<<<< in a matter of seconds.
Not at all :)
Bags packed and ready to go early in the AM to #Exponential. Beginning of a great journey in life! Prayers for all those headed to
Flaubert's affair with language in Madame Bovary: "as if the fullness if the soul did not sometimes overflow in the emptiest of metaphors."
Did you know...The Arthritis Foundation is the largest non-profit, private funder of arthritis research in the world
Woot! I was first agency visit as part of "No Presentations Fri". So honored :-)
On the road...performing in Iowa this weekend. Will be back at the Hilton next week with 3 shows -thurs,fri,sat.
You only have ONE life, live it right, do what your heart tells you, and go for that one thing in the world that will make you truly happy
Rain can suck a big, hairy, cock.
Oh... that's a good one. RT : really? Not CAR DASHIAN?
I don't really care Wat your opinion is or anybody elses ..imma do me 24 hours a day n 7 days a week
Do you find it a bit rich for Orszag to be planning for O's 2nd term when he's high on list of ppl who might have cost him one?
"One of the most amazing things you can learn in business and life is humility." Ursula Burns Xerox CEO
but somehow, the "all natural" coconut macaroons (from the healthy section of woodman's) made it into the acceptible eats category.
Maybe it is a case of the Wednesdays or maybe we just heard of another great drink special... check out Cypress Saloon to find out! or RT!
welcome to the real world.
...some ppls recent bad behavior has the community very sensitive lately and looking for offense where it isn't imo.
": My dad and me were just stunting in the living room..... #nbd" I just busted out laughing when I read this! Hahaha
yay! You found me!
Sometimes, I can only shake my head when I realize I truly would lose my head if it weren't attached to my body.
I wanna watch the Amanda Show.
thinks its cool for a guy to have sex with his female teacher. Unless he's home schooled.
Will play Snow White in Pantomonium Production's 'Snow White & The Several Dwarfs' opening in Dec. at the Arclight Theater in NYC!
Work out same mucles for another half hour, or at least I try to
I like how you quickly apologised, scared of a 'woman' on the edge!!
Resolution Test for Chrome by saved me a lot of time today testing a new site. Thanks, Ben!
Very true!! RT : #Health #Tip:Dining out? If you want dessert, share one with someone, usually just a taste will do.
Lazy sunday and I finally get some time to myself aawww yes :D -ProtoSkar
oh and you'll hear me sing on august 20th when my debut single is releases spread the words and tell your friends please ;)
that's so awesome, I hope he does!
dude those were the days xDD! My birthday one was the most funniest though! Haha
simplistic...1)Congress would not have folded 2) Congress may have relented 3) the Prez would wear intransigent
O.M.G. Catching up on my dvr and I am beyond excited that is a judge!! #freakout y'all
Think it's time to get my hair done.
Gotta love meetings in Westchester haha
sweet. not the easiest lighting for photos, but great lighting to cover up our manly blemishes.
who is a local celeb haha
Damn, that nap was somethin serious.
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
Absolutely! RT : not yet. Is it ripe for a visit?
TOUCHDOWN....we got 1000+. Thanks for the assist!
Where have you been?
Enjoy coffee deals with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Snow in October...really? Ugh! Watching the Celtics and Patriots!
I really need to go to a rave & get my rid of my dancing bug. I can't wait till i'm 18.
Go have some Toomer's lemonade! :)
Today is a GREAT day to take pictures of your business for your website, brochures, or insurance purposes... lol
please if you see this message pleae please please follow me :p 143 :)
May you brisket be tender and your latkes crunchy this Chanukah.
I know you really love pretending to be my mom... Guess u get a kick out of it??? Good for you. Must be fun!
My #MostAwkwardMoment was racing in a restroom urgently & four men at urinals turned to look at me simultaneously in shock. I'm a girl!
Thanks for volunteering! We couldn't have done it without you.
Happy Dr. Seuss birthday! POLL QUESTION: if you could be a Seuss character, which would you be..and why?
getting a degree
#iLikePeopleWho fascinate me with their warm hearts, thus brilliant minds..
I hate it when niggas start a rumor about you that they know ain't even true.
Friendship is like a cup. When it spoils, it does not return to that era.
I'll never stop supporting but seeing as hes taken and getting engaged im officially in love with <3
I also write for the health care industry as well as creatively (short stories).
Facials keep you looking younger true or false message answers to
Riding along with the SSFPD anti-gang unit Neighborhood Response Team tonight. Always impressed with the professionalism of our police dept.
I made my do fangs up while listening to
Today feels like Saturday.... And my birthday and christmas and a snow day and thunder and derby day and new years eve and spring break.
Yes my baby currently is on Sally Fallons homemade baby formula. It is amazing.
You are quite welcome.
Getting ready for "How Branding can Help or Hurt your Business"
Social media has taken over pornography for most hits. #ISTE11 #SIGMS Listening now to at SIGMS Forum.
One more day until Grad Bash :)
is going to need to get a body guard now, Especially after posting that video. So many girls want to kidnap him now lol
and Poland! But, why should we talk to anyone anyway? I mean, we're America we tell everyone what to do!
Maybe you should sing Here Comes The Sun!!! : )
He's a stunner.
wow, so today was not my day.
If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart.
Chocolate covered pretzels are the bacon of the sweets world
i adore it!!!!! i couldn't even resist it when i was preggo....
I don't know they always do that when aubrey's dating someone cause there jealous! But they never admit it
First final today
Congrats to Unbelievable play at
Answer to your question: Romney is current front runner!
dude, I'm right here in Beebe!
had a bad experience, submitted comment, rec. an email from reg. mag. then never heard back...he never returned my call or email :(
": Thank You God For Blessing Me With Another Day Of Life!!!!!!!"
Prezi is all the rage at too! cc: , ,
We start recording in a few weeks! RT if you are stoked to hear new music!
Many thanks to and his staff for their ongoing support of the humanities and a friendly meeting!
Me either! Now we need to find a Paseo 2 AND try Nicaraguan food, Nadine.
...you sync calendar, contacts, and mail directly to the ipad. Then you'd be able to view/edet contacts easily.
On some real shit where was y'all OKC fans at when they were Seattle and struggling? They had KD there
dique taylor gang/ jets
reviews are #in and we have our #Ratings set. SO #PAY CLOSE #ATTENTION IT JUST MAY BE
?you piece of shit scum of the earth mother fucker. you shouldnt be allowed to breathe let alone tweet.
Your presence is well-known, but what is your claim to fame?
Hadn't thought to blame my 4th grade teacher. As I remember, she yelled at me for chewing gum in class. It probably is her fault.
These caps are teasing me ;A; K. Imma be patient
LOVE my new MacBook Pro! thnx sweetie!
Photoshop has a special place in my heart. I guess to each it is just preference over anything else. Illustrator is growing on me though.
Library News: Setting up twitter from the library computers!
To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life. W. Somerset Maugham
Kill me when mofos try to use shit u tell them against YOU!
where'd you go??
you already did :D
Congrats Jean Dujardin! I'm surprised he lost the French Caesar Award for Best Actor.
Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. But the most important thing, be yourself.
napes. i went two years ago and ever since, the line-up's been horrible.
Some people hate the "3rd" act of this movie but I kinda like it since this whole movie's about Stark being orphaned over & over.
omg, i want the white ones now! Their nice. What are they called?
It seems like some females put there selves into drama.
Thank you to all of my new twitter followers!! I hope u all see this!!
sleepy and tipsy. For my fiance's birthday, we went to a comedy club tonight! How are you?
: how did you calculate?
Hello Mr. E!
Bout to say fuck him and do this shot by my self. Slowly breaking bad.
HEALTHCARE-Do unhealthy insureds get higher rate increases than healthy insureds? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com www.amazon.com
Pilot on arrival: "Welcome to Chicago - home of the 1908 World Champion Chicago Cubs." Classic.
420pm atm. we wanted device agnostic squares. you're right tho, we'll need to increase the sizes. in pipeline. tnx for feedback!
Mark it down...Today marks the end of the Phil Jackson dominance era with the Lakers'... High on talent, low on heart... Won't get it done
thanks Sasha, great to see you, too. I love your work man, you're one of the best.
Thank you lady!
It's twenty degrees outside and dude's wearing sandals.
I will be appearing on The Jamie Kalicki Show on Tuesday January 10. The show airs from 6 -7pm on KJFK 1230am. Make sure to tune in.
Not having a good day, are we? :-/
that happens to me more than I understand!
Ok peeps. Whose at #sxswi??
There are traditionally two loaves of bread on Shabbat, but at the seder we use three pieces of
- we hope you will attend our event on Feb 22nd, 7pm, Oakwood North Clubhouse. :)
Criminal Minds, then the gym.
me either lmao
Wish I coulda been at Coachella last night
Saw "John Carter" last nite, it's a shame no one else has, it's a good movie + you see how everyone else has ripped off Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tired. Gonna sleep well. Tomorrow will hopefully be like today.
Feel like I was born again today. I got a warning and promise to be better!
Snow on the brain thx to these folks!
The Comentator said and i quote "this is a BLOWOUT" 113-96
thanks so much Veronick!! Crazy storms..
Today gone be a good day
going to make money today. and UGH.. i want to marry kristen stewart, i am so in love <3 :) have a good day dudes.
Whole weekend off and I don't have any plans.
That is so true. The former is a lost cause.
I will like to say thank you to my followers like and thank you
The guitar in the song "Crazy Train" is seriously fucking amazing.
I just now realised, I did fast after all,....was on a photo shoot and didn't have solids until after sunset....it was a subconcious act!
Prince guy is a beastt.!
RT : "If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done..." Source Unknown
Thanks for the update- and feel free to contact me if there's any other information you'd be interested in receiving
a chance to see snow this year with these mild temps?! I'LL TAKE IT!
you're not really a tattoo guy
Are comments supposed to open up on the same page? It looks like they do for a second, but then I get redirected to a new page.
I wish i can show u how much i love you but my crayons box went missing :( lol
Just wanna be in my bed
Praying I'll still get straight As this year...
most of the chicks I knew that became Miss Auburn - I probably would have voted for "Bessie."
or do you think they might be defective and i should return them for another pair?
Thank you so much Inken! You're very sweet to everyone that you deserve best tweets! I saw you got retweeted by Victoria :)
Beer VS Wine! Can't wait for Saturday ! Who's coming with me?
How can you cut through advertising clutter and make your brand stand out without spending a fortune? Use promotional products.
Ok love
#pearltrees is like mind mapping information on the web you care about
Your an asshole.
RT : Shout out to Crown Heights. It has been 50 days since our last shooting. KEEP IT UP CROWN HEIGHTS WE LOVE YOU
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas that brief sec when I 1st wake right b4 reality hits me again & all those terrible feelings come back:-(
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. ~ George Patton
at graduation ? Ah how exciting!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Did you know that Office of Child Support collects and disburses nearly $2 billion annually to more than 1 million Ohio children.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming. - John Wooden
People will feel valued if appreciation is delivered personally and individualized, also viewed as authentic.
J Charles on a stretcher....sounds about right
Didn't know was still in the news :P
you know eht!(:
RT When do YOU think it will hit 100° in Tucson? // Hopefully not too soon! ;)
Picked up leaves whilst Magy protected me from the squirrels; we were both successful
A food fetish site, haha
life is so different blonde
"A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken."
Never rule 'em out, 'burbs included! RT Getting ready to eat at restos in malls w/ and
depends which the person you're talking to hates more, 'cause you obviously don't like them if you're wedging anything in
Go Wildcats!!
tonight i'm spinning at Beckett's Public House on Lincoln ave! Also, catch my mixes airing at midnight and 2 am cst on 1035 KISS FM Chicago!
Only 1 more spot in my december challenge left!! It's so close and I'm so excited!
Life is too short to let other people's lack of professionalism get you down.
Just getting back from Germany. I had such a great time there. Met so many amazing peoples. <3
Just had my first #RumChata experience. More impressed its made in #Pewaukee!
Rest in peace Gloria... </3
Had a dream had some kinda disease & was bald <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> hahahah she'd literally kill someone if that happened
I'm all about my bread like a muffin
RELATIONS R NOT EXAMS 'TO PASS OR FAIL' ARE NOT COMPITITION 'TO WIN OR LOSS' THESE R ONLY FEELINGS IN WHICH U CARE SOMEONE MORE THEN U!
Pretty sure - except that was a number the director came up with. King hates the film, likes Steven's better.
(Anonymous) If you can’t be thankful for what you receive, be thankful for what you escape.
It well be nice to be back up and running?
drummers kick ass they make the mood in a song
MT : Help me find a Marketing Analyst for Fancy name for Google Analytics & data interpreter whiz.
I bet we are currently replacing all bedding in all 416 rooms. Talk about time consuming.
Wake up on ur own And look around you cuz you're not alone Release your high hopes and theyll survive Cuz dis is the future and youre alive
#Blast! next weekend/week we're on it! I owe you a train-watch (that's where I watch out for your drunk safety...)
Watching Role Models
Bruno Mars is to cute!
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
This just seems like a never ending cycle. When will it stop..
Seriously my fave Halloween movie is Hocus Pocus...for years now. (that's about as scary as I go lol)
We're talking #curling this hour on This sport is WAY too complicated for me to ever comprehend!
thanks! I'm having fun with everyone
I dont know .-.
is great on iPhone, I just have to remember to bring my charger.
I know, right? I am in love with them.
Buffett&#39;s cancer to be No. 1 topic at Berkshire meeting
But in all seriousness, Ron Artest has to stop sugarcoating these losses, man. Admit that it was BAD. And that you'll do better.
FRIEND: Gives you 1 dorito GOOD FRIEND: Lets you have the last one. BEST FRIEND: Stares at you smiling and eats all of them
RT Luessenheide Looking to network w/ other Christian Sabbath observers to create synergy , cooperation & communication.
ok then. GAME ON!!
Thank you so much for watching #HartOfDixie <3 I use Nuetrogena and Lancome! They're great products for sensitive skin!
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
How do I become guide on the side in 7th grade? Worried students will socialize instead of be self learners
is showing 4 paintings at the Prak-Sis gallery for the North Center Art Festival 7-9pm
yes I do
BOA. Why don't you sky write the names of the people receiving $150,000 off their mortgages.. and if they miss their names then oops!
either is fine wiff me if i can get some moneyss
This is almost as fun as watching the national championship!
well perhaps u the one with the problem! 2 degrees right! Hahahahaha! Context clues!
Son of a bitch.. I gotta spam DM and I accidentally opened it. ._.
Hey - You Are *Much Too Kind* ... If Anything, Being in the Same Tweet is *You* is Nuthin' But Gravy :)
Welcome to the team Cameron Lord!!!
A special thank you goes out to the fabulous , who emceed today's Hat Day. We will miss you!!!
Sometimes, life doesn't go as planned... but #GOD has a reason for you, to change this generation!
...the Emory T. Clark Family Foundation, the Schoenleber Foundation and the David & Julia Uihlein Foundation.
glad you like them! The #quantifiedself org actually funds video through the cc/
Honesty ion know where to start....
Waitin for my friend to come! I kno he mad at me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
thanks for making my brain EXPLODE.
been out to park city & snowbird in UT and Lake Tahoe. Altitude & fresh powder are the things you notice ASAP.
A smile is the light in the window of your face that tells people you're at home.
Aaron Rodgers is a person! Lol
“: What's the relationship between Nike and Police...? They both make black people run faster!”
For #BetseyWeek it's obviously #TooToo!
I never took Bachmann seriously in #Politics. Blanket Politicians only bring up the issues #MSM outlines
Raul Ibanez SCHOOLING his former team! 3-Run HR!
i want some now too! Haha
bullshit! I highly doubt it hurts more than giving birth to kids sorry just no.
Congraulations, I am a preschool teacher. Have a great 2011-2012 school year.
Wow. Did that seriously just happen?
EA stirs controversy by adding gay characters to Star Wars game
I work with the greatest team of colleagues and partners in the professional swimming biz. No doubt. Getting it done. 2012 will be a huge.
Mess w/ Wildcats, and the rest of the pack will roar back. Take that "breathtaking arrogance"
Have you staked out your area of the law? For what in the law are you famous? If I Google you or the subject is it easy to find your work?
tears in heaven
What will you cook (or will someone cook for you?) to celebrate Mother's Day this weekend?
For the 200 #Pacer fans thr aren't wearing the free yellow shirts for support....you suck
In reality: Guy likes girl status "She's hot. I'd tap."
When the ice cube in your drink turns sideways and blocks the rest of it<<<
I have a great idea for a novella. Unfortunately, it's literary SF. I wonder if I make it pulp SF w/ the same core if it would be stronger.
Jan is cold. If she was sitting across from you on a train, and she wasn't moving, you might think she was dead.
Facebook stole the hash tag like burger king stole the frappes
Selena goes and Justin bieber best couple in the planet!!!!!luv luv you two forever!!!!!!
Can I have a shoutout? Please!
In Valencia...training at LA Fitness this morning. Hm...I have never seen so many hack squat machines in one place. What again?
Ticked off how could they not put through?! so stupid
OMG I KNO YOU!!! HEY DREW!
I'm listening....
Effective immediately, I am now official and open for business!! Just have to get my rates up and finish getting this on the roll!
New pet peeve: overuse of ellipses. An ellipsis is not always a strong substitution for a comma. Or, in your case, a permanent substitution.
man .... Just chillin... Trying to get some rest.... Had a hard week at the gig on some spaceship Shit. Whatup doe?
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord before there are any actual hostilitiesIt is best to win without fighting
No Jimmy protested!!!
We're gonna rock that #WIveGotTheStreets tag tonight. :-)
I'd say..no...because some guys are ridiculously dumb..
Insomnia is soo bad right now
Be sure to join me and L. Norsworthy at Southlake Mall in the Nubian bookstore as I release the new book to the public.
Catching up with one of our AWESOME #college girls. She is double majoring in Film Production and Business at UCR, making GTWT proud!
how excited are you to catch Pettitte again??
Let's Go Nolan!!!
Countdown begins, 2 months until Tia's opens for the 2012 season, warm weather can't come soon enough! 2011 will be tough to top!
Clips for a cause!SunJune5th 10-4,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes pre-book now256-3490Great time for a great cause
Fighting up next: Tulsa, Oklahoma. OCTOBER 9TH!!!
Florent Quellier on gardens in Paris, 16th-18th c., gardeners’ guild controlled food supply, but bourgeois could sell produce on market day.
i am a faithful ass nigga
My eyes are wide-open throughout the nighttime hours to reflect on your word. Ps. 119:148 (oh to make all of Ps. 119 one big faith decree)
Thank you for supporting Assisteen poinsettia sales @ thrift shop, can't beat the price and $$$ go back into community programs!
You thought you'd have the last laugh, but baby you don't know me cuz your dead wrong <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> - u see what doesn't kill u makes u stronger <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
I'm in Indy!
OMG guess whose coming on today! Your not going to believe this!
it was delicious! and dinner/drinks with a show! lol
RT:All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity & importance & should be undertaken w painstaking excellence–MLKing Jr
no, thank you! It was a blast
Did you get your 100 followers :)
Once I realized it, I want you more than the world, if you want me to change, I will, I'm sorry..
The weather is heating up, and summer is almost here! What's your favorite beer to drink in the warmer weather?
All of the above.
Stop breaking hearts lol RT Boys hate rejection... *chuckle*
Hah, you know what the difference is between you and I? I was smart enough to leave the bastard. You, not so much.
lmao true that
i can read full article and there is nothing i can do rather then flying bets on my head
so painful. I hope you wait a long time before you get summoned haha
Question: is it hard for guys to say "i love you" ?
": 98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's." Doesn't prove anything
Why does the value of my car go down when my insurance goes up. No bueno
“: #ff chef friends from over the pond ” thx chef much love!
Thanks Myleik!! ;D
How can Mike McQueary e-mail with no fists free?
Oh absolutely! I mean, why wouldnt I want a man that could fit a baby kangaroo in his pants?
Thanks, Nathan.
why not this weekend?!
My cat (who is downstairs, unharmed, has food, water, toys, etc) has been crying for me for the past 90 minutes. It's 2 am.
any chance there's some of your own college experiences captured in ?!?!
for all of us inshallah!
They looked great.
Anytime someone mentions Red Hot Chili Peppers I throw up in my mouth a bit. Thanks for making me feel sick
Take control of your life.. That is the only way to find happiness and fulfillment...
rookie mistake
Thanks, Mari. I've never tried cheesemaking, but my brother loves to make mozzarella - I will pass this along to him :)
Hey, no one said the Zookster couldn't recruit.
That's odd. We will check with our warehouse as soon as they are in today and get back to you.
Massumi in an instinctive act (which is becoming artistic act) the living thing is indexing self to transindiv flow of becoming
oh okay yeah cuz i told her i wanted to go but my wrist started hurting again last week
exciting news of a new project is swirling around the office this morning and getting everyone focussed for a great 2011
baseball beat Oakland 3-2 to tie school record of 37 wins set in 1996.
Hugs to all my friends
CALL Q93 FM.504-260-9393 TO VOTE FOR NO4 ft.DMX "TELL YA FRIENDS" WOW HOW MANY CALLERS CAN WE GET TONIGHT??
The link to 5 reasons to read picture books to children dumps everyone out...and I can't access wikimommy at all :(
and if someone can't decipher basic courtesies, maybe they aren't as smart as they think they are? Those people suck at life
delicious looking marsala.
It's not too late to commit to your New Year's Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
I hate this class. I am SO over school.
#AustinChangedOurLives Mahomies will trend this to be the one (:
#500th tweet goes out to the love of my life!!
yeah thanx for that NOT<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I was quite excited when you said you had a present for me well then <U+263A>
First class. Blonk
Thank you, Blanca! ": Good minds work well together:)"
“: Interior Tips Before painting a room, wipe down the walls and tape off all molding." Great tip!
There is nothing cuter than 14 year old goth kids in love.
Thanks for hosting and post formal!!
Her son didn't have autism in the first place.
you can thank him personally at Tony's on Friday
Where's my little sister when i need to talk to her?! ZANEAAAAA!!!!
Dimas among my favorite Olympians growing up, definitely top 10, maybe top 5.
Why isn't Shannon Elizabeth in more movies? She's hot.
I RT and hit favorite Cuz I couldn't choose:)
I miss NYC. Can't wait return in late April for a few days.
“: If doesn't lower her music i will punch her in the tits continuously” <---- psycho bitch alert
That'll happen. RT : I think I just "got" REM. Bloody typical, eh.
Que Viva Nuevo Mexico, Que Viva! Happy #100BirthdayNM, land of enchantment or land of entrapment...nothing but love for ya.
Amazing lemonade stand at 1916 Burling, benefits alexs lemonade stand, children with cancer
I decided to face reality today. Won't be doing that again anytime soon.
Gah! Now "the company" is blocking my site at work. Does this mean I can blog about the job in safety now? Probably not.
Bitch we B.B.E fuck who dnt like!
RT 200,000 jobs added in December. Most of them Walmart greeters to help load pepper-sprayed customers to ambulances.
#Fishers had a city-town study committee in 2009 and #CityYes submitted 1700 petitions in May 2010? Why the delay?
since i can't watch the game live, i better wake up in the morning to having another championship title
I am so blessed to be where I am right now. Way too many good people in this world to focus on a few bad ones.
Shiiit I do.or they see subtweets RT Omg tell em RT : Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all
Everyone please pray with me as my mother goes under a surgical procedure on her throat. Thank you all in advance
Considering the many ways people can contact each other these days, YES!
I rage all over the map. You just rage in berea. Goodnight loser :)
GASO Championship Monday!
thanks for spreading the good word! Too hot to walk to Central Market yet?
"Even the largest, sexiest brands (Starbucks, McDs, Pepsi) have less than 4% engagement on Facebook."
a year ago i wrote on here, "the weather tonight is as perfect as it can be," and the same's def true tonight. this's my fav time'a year <3
Feeling blessed
on fone w/ wireless co at lunch to manage text spam-but kind of hilariously, robo-responder is answering his own questions.
sorry for what Ali is going through. I wish you the best! I know my mom struggled finding answers when I was a baby.
only 4x? what? only? he noticed me once </3 lol but thank you <U+2665> #yee and austin loves you.. he loves we all remember that!
so Tristin took me on a date tonight (: we went ice skating.
Wat up doe
This song was produced to the max capacity. Amazing.
I cannot wait to work out tonight.
No crown more glorious than that thorn one she's wearing in that diatribe.
Google+ kind of awesome! It probably won't be nearly as much fun once everyone else can use it though.
This work of Art will leave you lifeless, and speechless. If you have not seen it, ''get off your ass and go'' Janet Jackson is ''OVER'
Being childlike in our design, being honest, being kind l, being personal - gives us an advantage
: Aw, thanks for sharing it! My Yelpers sound great. I however, was a little nervous...
Black people make the best kool aid lol stg!
Thank you for the much appreciated
Badgers in the sweet 16 reminds me of the FRG days.. Would love to be in the front row at super dome on thurs! Right ? :)
Skinny Love<3
Kevin Minemier bk in court 4 restitution hearing. Heading there now. What's the price tag 4 stabbing & trying to kill yur friend? Thoughts?
Where is everyone volunteering for Park Day 2012? We want to hear from you!
Mane tomorrow gone be a long day. No sleep tonight & gotta drive all day
I love that show.
Mac Book Pro... The only way to go...
Btw, U're Awesome! :)
Just went to bath and bodywork! Now smell like a thousand different scents
That's IMPOSSIBLE! Cus the whole Universe knows that #ILOVEYOUMOST! #ENDOFSTORY. XD.
omg!! i hope you can tell her i will litterally start crying. like no joke i actually will
not lucky, just good . . . at my job!
Best recoord in baseball-
but I heard Blake and your mom were throwing a rager!! So jealous haha, wasn't planning on it.
It's halftime.
What I thought would never be and what I thought would be has change. What I know will be is what I never wanted it to be.
Eric Baum of Sony Pictures at Production Conference - "These views are my own and NOT Sony's". Nice entrance.
agreed. Too bad H doesn't agree.
If you aren't watching the new Rickey Gervais show, Life's too Short, you really need to. Both of the first two episodes were amazing.
thanks for the RT's yesterday!
#nowlistening "Put a Penny in the Slot" - first time I heard this song, I had to pull my car over. Strong stuff.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
Based on worn merchandise, tomorrow's game will feature the Giants vs. the Colts. Almost no Patriot presence.
Eli on SNL in 30 minutes.
. "...Cat People Notorious erotic horror film from 1982 with Nastassja Kinski" atsa good 1! malcolm mcdowell's always weird.
Looks great!! Did you do the sites or the logos?
*ATTENTION* Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3. It's in great condition. Anyone interested. Minimum of $350
stevenson look like he straight out da hood.
Tools that can make your job and your personal life a bit easier. The 5 most useful social media tools from the past week via
Hahahahahahahahaha yeah, that's why.
Love these late nights working at the #MLSdigi office :)
Theres a big guy standing outside my car
This night officially suck butt! No plans at all and no one is texting back.... Blah!
haha thanks T
Life is funny like that/sometimes its bugged the fuck out/sometimes I take it to the church/sometimes I just like to hang out
Run is done, grass is mowed...yoga is next, then some fun in the jeep for the rest of the day...YES! :)
that awkward moment when you think you're not perfect in every way..
Happy birthday to the bro bro tho
done! I assume you'll leave the snark on the personal account only :)
yea, more emails gotta love the communication between founders
I get bored way to easy...I need
Lmao x') : Don't judge me! :( " Neat o?(x ": The battleship movie commercial used "predato ...
Very": Interesting RT : Jason Russell the guy who made the Kony documentary was arrested last night for...
Poor fakers getting embarrass for the second time in 3 games lol
great job at #EBWW. You are an inspiration!
On my way to the shed. It's a beautiful day for life love and real friends. I appreciate everyone of you, love and respect. -joshua
The Rogues were simply amazing!
hahaha I like that. You still in Cali? I'm moving to San Fran in a couple of weeks
REMINDER: Every jumbled pile of person has a thinking part that wonders what the part that isn't thinking isn't thinking of.
Gotta blackout after that
What are your favorite hot air balloons this year?
you might want to check that handle…as I'm & those aren't my socks :)
Thanks for the Follow! We couldn't follow ur last link to the city resolution for support of local artists. Post it again?
who WOULDN'T want to play for a winning team.. easy choice : )
thanks 4 the follow :)
Oh ok sorry, I'm n Miami RT : what state!?
Okay, here goes: tweet! Wow, the interwebs may never be the same.
Bout to hoop anybody wanna come
it's funny cause this tweet is incredibly true....
oh please it's not like we would ever see these guys ever again...
Can I twitter from my phone?
Today in 1865 US President Abraham Lincoln was shot while at the Ford theatre in Washington and died the next day
IMAX strives against limits, exemplifies lure of boundlessness in contemporary media culture--Mary Ann Doane
Waiting for an oil change. Way past due, just can't put it off anymore.
Thank you!!!!
Who is your favorite celebrity to follow on Twitter? We'd love to know.
tomorrow at skullys
Had an 11-hand run at the #blackjack tables. The end-of-the-month heroics rear their head again as I make
I am not sure people who salmon ride are on twitter RT Always ride in the same direction as traffic whether on the sidewalk or road
Thank you too! You're a great friend x
second one should
Same here!
On my way to Salt Lake City this morning and then on to Fresno. This is going to be a transformational week.
Selling a car via Craigslist. Kill me now.
Yeah it's time to take a stand !!!!!
"Seattle SuperSonics" is trending. That has to be a buzzkill for OKC fans. It isn't going away quietly.
where you at
At daa hotel(:
. The storm is over... got a rainbow picture! Spent 2 hrs sorting closet, changing seasonal wardrobe, making donation bag,etc
There is such a thing is social media over-load, but I'm not there! LOL!! The key is to consider your life style and balance it!
Bit of a argument happening...President Clinton also wanted to sing "Baby Got Back"...may do a duet...
60 still lmao how about you
Tracy told me to tell u were at applebees
There is a + relationship between inches of snow and photos on my FB friends' proflies
its on fox but on my guide it dont say it
Watching Sting on Ellen and he has a lady dancer in a red dress. Looking forward to seeing him tomorrow night at Masonic Center.
This TA must not understand the meaning of blank stares.
“: Everybody hit the gym”
Hey, Nice pic of the Falls. Just so you know, you're in my hood. Which is a lot cooler than saying neighborhood. Evidently.
that's good! :)
Lol thanks! Tell your mom i said hello RT : Happy bday red bull!
Just had a total moment with : Do you know your HSI email address? No, it's on my bill and I have paperless billing...
they say words cut deep like meat cleavers, nah i dnt even speak much they label me a peace keeper.
open your doe hoe
#21JumpStreet funniest movie of the Year!
I didn't know you guys had a softball team! Do you play against the other govt agencies?
i just replied bruh
We will be shooting the hospital scene for the Christian Movie "Without a Father" on Friday and Saturday Dec 11-12 in San Antonio.
No way Denver should win IN or against Patriots and that's not an indictment on Tebow but talent. Shock the World!!!
Different metrics for success in social media: volume, sentiment, or even as small as changing small business' life
Thank u my sir RT : Congrats to my bro officially walking that stage today
Maker Faire shuttles have begun from Fairlane mall.
Who did I miss? Anyone? Travis. Right, not gonna happen. I think that about covers it. 25 to choose from and only 2 look promising.
ALL 2012 COLLEGE graduate's CONGRAT'S..
How many of you attended the #MobileUXCamp DC? If not, be on the lookout for the presentations!
Gonna go to bed :] #inagoodmood<3 !
haha love you too! & yeah convinced me! I'm lovin it.
Already a gorgeous day in #SantaMonica! Happy Easter!
hahaha it feels like study hall with schnecker was yesterday!
Micalanne (Micalanne) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Cool! Could you please link me to that blog post about #asexuality on #House?
RT: : Last week for Birth of Impressionism! \\ Wonderful exhibit! So many iconic paintings, including "Whistler's Mother!"
ran away, well, as long as Alexis is happy, i am.
Myers RBI single with the bases loaded puts the score at 3-0 before Haack's three-RBI double puts the Cajuns up 6-0. SBCSB
No problem ;D I'm doing well, how are you ? :D
Great game between Patterson & Gonzaga.
It feels like a Friday, but it's not
San Diego social media symposium
then how would any have the chance to take you serious. Sounds lonely.
dang where do u work?
happy national chocolate day
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL lets go Raiders can we give the packers there 1st lose? Have a great day everyone wish your teams the best.
everyone deserves to be mourned
Can you follow me i just did!!!!
Prayers, peace of mind, <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
can't hear the cowboy bebop introduction without also hearing bill cosby going YA SEE
wassup wit u today?
hey, i am following you, how's your classes?
I love your name! Ballet is a great way to feel graceful in your movement! Thanks for following!
Some day my man... Let me know when you buy a cruise ship to take to the bahamas.
i wish i could grow a mustache at my old age. would love to give a magical mustache ride
Dishonesty is not always a lie.
I can't help it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Is a milky way bar considered food enough that I can take my medication with?
I only read, look at books, and sketch. And daydream--daydreaming's important too.- Karl Lagerfeld
if you hate ICONIACS so much that you talk shit bout us then why do you follow me bitch?!
the Downtown Y! Great Group fitness classes & instructors!
Ah, another endemic problem of newspapers online. Stuff...everywhere!
The Pinch: Discounts offered to celebrate Tax Day
getting off.
Is there a line between what is, and what isn't art...? How I adore the play, "The Shape of Things" by Neil LaBute. :)
thank you man! Things great, how about you? Been a long time since the bus 22 days.
I love Galveston too. :-) I am only an hour from there. ": like little texas once sang god blessed texas"
A big shout out to our new followers! You are very appreciated! :)
Bird on my deck: are you a Western Kingbird or a Mockingbird? I will customize my seed offerings since you're the only bird that visits me.
the shxt you see on facebook smh
Looks like I stuck myself on that one..
Maybe someday you will ask where is that girl who liked to cry? Maybe she does not like to cry but you would like to
I know about all kinds of top secret projects. Maybe you should come to #CovertTU and we can compare...
I don't know you anymore.
Joplin, MO destroyed and gets news coverage for a day, heavy winds and rain in NE and media treats it like armageddon
Ugh! I need something to do. . .
Haha , guys don't understand girl issues lol (:
I am learning how to knife throw for a hobby. and having someone throw knives at me. This just got awesome
how are you? <3
what time are you comng over? the mpvie is at 7:30, come over at like 6?!?!?!
you should give a shout. She is a huge fan.
School is hitting hard again for me too :( Who assigns a 10 page paper and presentation for the day after sb?
Never stop dreaming.
On my way to work ... got to get on my grind early ...
that was gonna be my next guess
Wow guys Working out is one of the best things in the world!
RT I lost a follower :( <<Naw you got one!
yahoo? or facebook?
smoking may seem cool when you're 15, but you pay for it 10+ years later. But, #IQuitSmoking!
Jon Temte points out that Google isn't necessarily a bad way to find information, as long as you know how to evaluate what you find.
Thankfully I'm only guilty of 1 -- the FB birthday messages. Although I do word them differently for everyone.
So it looks like I get to go home. I've got a rotten gallbladder that's been causing all these problems. Back on air Wednesday evening.
yep I love it!
Agreed. How could they be passing lanes when everyone knows they're really parking lanes?
It's my first time listening through but I *LOVE* "Over You". Makes me think dearly of a friend that recently passed every time.
Think you mean ombre, but hombre is good too ;) (stupid, stupid autocorrect)
She's preaching this thang!!!
RT : Stop this vicious cycle of the old school network marketing techniques and learn the new model of attraction marketi ...
Leheigh over Duke? Norfolk over Mizzo? How about 5 unanswered goals from NoDak to lead 5-3 over Minnesota!
You guys are going to make me all teary. Love, love, and love to you both!!! xoxoxo
Time for some call of duty... but I think Im gonna play call of duty 4..
Are you here today? We're headed down to Capitol Grille in a bout 15 minutes!
Is that a request or a lament?
If it weren't for chocolate milk, by now I would have snapped and you'd all be dead.
you own the #50thRolex24 job well done!
Mhmmm going home :)
Thank for for all your Boba explanations.. To be honest if I wanted balls in my tea I'd rather.. Wait. Um. Let's just forget that shall we.
Went into iTunes to look at one thing...30 minutes later all I want to do is buy buy buy.
Karen Lamb said "A year from now you'll wish you had started today." So what is stopping you from starting right now?
Today the sun rises for me.... Everything seems to speak to me of my passion ... And all day long, I will LIVE it. -Ana Lam
Today I asked #HRW AGAIN just to identify which #Libya militias #torture prisoners so I can meet w/ militias to help stop it. HRW refused.
I don't wanna see it.
I made French lemon creme brûlée on Saturday afternoon. It was all gone by Saturday night. So sad.
the stone that the builder refused will always be the headcornerstone... this is rolling round my head
Conversations on the phone with my girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Wow did the week go by fast, what's everyone doing this weekend?
I love you more! How are we in the same town and haven't seen each other?!
figured I'd try this twitter thing again..
Hi everyone
I hated that when we did that here last year. Blech.
- off topic - The Astros beat Cardinals 2 out of 3 - could they be contenders? :-)
Hey guys about to go to my gail cell which is school!!! Ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha ok I'll check it.
#ReTweet if You Like Beer, Boobs and Bacon
rewarding mediocrity “: Notre Dame gives coach Brian Kelly 2-year contract extension.”
tell mr and mrs hello!
« « Hahahahaha. RT Financial crimes unit?! NEW LAW AND ORDER SERIES!!!! #SOTU»»http://
We do not post that info in site would be glad to speak with you tied up next few days with family
red line single tracking towards shady grove. Stopped at Farragut north station.
It is 1 thing to report something thru your chain of command, it's another thing to be a good citizen & report a crime to the authorities...
yea I love jay garricks new orgin its like hals origin but dying god instead of alien
ayyee i freaking love u!!!! Omg boyfriend is amazing <3 can u please follow back please!! Much Love. Thank you<3
Yes your eyes look stunning!(:
Love nurtures the emotional body; understanding fills the voids created by pain.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Cruel Intentions
wish i could
I like being mean. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I've never been more excited for any Weekend Show....ever.
Just realized my guinea pigs' water bottle leaks. I was starting to think they had diabetes.
I'm being called lame because I take care of the kids. How is that lame?
The will to live will always outweigh the ability to die.
Today's work day is done! Off to library to pick up some books from circ then home. Hmm, what to do, what to do...
MT has just been in a meeting at House of Lords. Also sat in on live Lords debate on the Education Bill. What an inspiring place.
I have the urge to splurge, the need for speed, the desire for...a fire? I'm just in a crazy mood! ah!!!!
ok soo is yo company name BSM? I need your company logo , you can send it to me in my email and your picture.
All of a sudden , Im not sleepy
“: Positive people around me” <---- :-) :-) ur only missing me! miss u boys tonite!
It's pathetic how I can't even sit at home for one night.
Smart activation by Olay for #Grammys red carpet giving one lucky winner the chance to walk the red carpet.
It was really suttle, and can only be seen after watching it multiple times. He's dirty
misty! You're blog is so inspirational! I'm also a huge fan of the #OWN network Oprah is such an incredible spiritual teacher
Scientific tests find that when women make love they produce amounts of the hormone estrogen, which makes hair shine & skin smooth.
Happy Birthday. . . Maybe it's time to graduate to become a Black Belt Bachelor.
ha! Has he explained the DC vs. Marvel rivalry yet?
feelin good this morning ohio state in the final 4 checkthe stats my team winning
is that the deschanel one?
lol...what u tryna play next year?
I'm back
I would disagree. There's something about hand eye coordination that comes with writing that is lost with a keyboard and mouse
Strategies when program begins, First – “If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.”
Who yall think bout to win this #game?? #dallas #vs #oklahoma its hella close but im thinking
looking for a hit record? hit me up then!
I love when people say i cant do somethin, because i always prove them wrong in the end
Tracking new songs tonight at Flowers Studio in Minneapolis tonight!
Can't wait to see kill it on stage tonight.
thanks Rachel :) really excited!
Patience, perseverance and passion for the project: redesigning library website. So true!
line MAX train and meet me at Pioneer Courthouse Square. Trying to disturb Louise's studies as little as possible.
your face is like a melody, it wont leave my head
Wish was selling a vitamix
Yes, but mostly by remembering them, since age 3, and try to analyze patterns and sequences. Recall many from decades ago.
I text you. You dont text back. I feel stupid.
#NP Party Girl - Asher Roth X Meek Mill
shopping for #yoga wear is extremely disheartening. these models' "poses" are insane.
So On the plane our pilot told us LAX was shut down And we would have to stop in Vegas instead. Best #Aprilfools Of the Day haha.
Industry images submitted by Elin and Lydia - one week e-mail going out to photogs
Unending at that!
Having an emotional breakdown over graduation.
Thanks buddy! Hope you are doing well!
If you lie to get out of jury duty & brag about it on the radio, you get charged with #felony perjury in #Denver. Hat tip:
for some reason it is not showing as an option in the browser and is greyed out in the Twitter App - can you try to DM me pls?
thanks bro
Well since I was home maybe 5 hours this whole weekend, my homework will have to wait until the period before it's due tomorrow
horrible happens and I don't want anyone to die fjfjrkfkffskdjd
Only one reason to buy Soul Caliber V. Ezio. Dammit Ezio.
It's a wonderful day at The University of Aesthetic
WAR EAGLE
My friend feel the same way bout me i eat so much but dnt gain nun
Civil War Washington as a digital geographical case study of the city over crucial 5 year period
agreed. There's some insanely funny moments and great one liners. But I'm not sure I like it. Or what it says about us youngins.
- We will release the details in the coming days over twitter - stay tuned !
The best job in the world? NEVER! (or at least not right away ;) RT : If you win, would you leave NBC 5?
Yeah, it definitely puts a crimp in one's lifestyle when you have to be home at a certain time to feed them.
that argument me & my sister just had < < smh
Lets go !
follow me plzz
Loving the sheep's milk ricotta & pear ravioli at Telepan
Breaking down and installing Office on the Mac.
It's pretty there. I used to fish the Fox River. Will be a great, relaxing get-away for you two
I agree completely
This cold is kicking my ass
Get prepared ahead of time. Keep it real, people.
Hehe. I promise I'll try. Just for you. (:
Stress you ? Nah, imma dead you, forget you, act like I never fucking met you.
I wrote the *beautiful* song for a very special girl you might know who it is RT if you want me to perform it live on twitcam friday
thanks for the follow! You have a great list of client artists. Are you based in New York?
Art Blakey and homemade acorn squash/sweet potato soup
I don't think it's cheating.
what is it???
Damn, Blake Mills on #Conan!
#mla12 #s305 Rolland Murray: institutionalization of minority lit study has redefined ideological functions of works by writers of color.
Is there a SanDiego police scanner website? Sirens make me curious...
Hey all you facebook junkies try this experiment of mine..With out hesitation right the first thing that comes to mind that starts with a S
no seriously though, grunge
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make it count
just watched "The Guild" (excellent web series btw). Were you at Codex/Cyd's party?
Tue May 15th Drops It for Party!
that's _very_ cool.
It is so awkward on the bus
Can't sleep, time to watch #TheGuild again! This show is my second fave after
thanks dude
Jesus isn't afraid of your four day stink. John11
yeah, Ikr? The time changes always mess me up, it may be more! Who knows?!
i gotta assume they just want to make it more of a 2 back system cuz the injury last season scared em, plus #tightpockets in chi
At frys baby.
What a great opening night! Can't wait to see what the rest of the season brings... Thanks to all who helped us kick off the 2012 season!
of course! I enjoyed it. Thanks for sharing great insights
Hilton Head, South Carolina
Next year, I'm doing it. If i want to chase my dreams, i actually have to do something..
Tip: Don't get salary obsessed when you investigate a veterans charity. High salaries can be bad but are not necessarily so.
Shh... I see stupid people!
Looking forward to it! “: So excited to have talking about Jockey's PR at the #SMMS!
Every day gets a little better....then it gets tougher
i dont has a wristband D: i cant get one til the 7 of august D: can you hold on for me?
marquette is gonna be a tough out in the tourney!
So fucking awkward like I cant. I cannot
How, I ask, can one be expected to forgive the perpetrators of wrongs that may well affect the course of one's future?
Agreed. Bacon is absolutely universal.
Ah. It would sound so good as a blurb. Can we con somebody into saying it so we can quote it?
what about our gorgeous singer
so im a music producer, and i need a rapper & a singer. ^-^
Just take me away from all that I am.
You are really into arts and crafts today
nice to see you tonight missy!
Building WordPress blogs -mini-money sites I hope will bring me some cha-ching.
Big Red needs to go off on his players on the sidelines. Inexcusable penalties
Time 2 get ready work.. the grind never stops
Booking a hotel for tomorrow night. Splitting trip in half. Driving halfway tomorrow night , rest on Wednesday. Staying in Birmingham.
The steak bocadillos at the Sonora Grill are crazy good. Didn't think it could get better than their caramelos.
My allergies are coming back ); red bumps all over my body again.
No problem. Lots more if you ever need them. One of my internships was really me exploring the city since it was travel writing
One last ride down the race track, and up, up, and away! Carroll Shelby GT, (89)
Red eyes no visine
Motivation does not lead to success, commitment does
I love the #simpsons picking on the Fox football robot..."nobody likes you!" so true Homer, so true!
Romney would make a great Christopher Guest character. I'm thinking Fred Willard.
didnt get to go to the gym today >.> blarrgghhh
Won the championship!
WEDNESDAY SEE ME
are you coming with me this friday? :D #bestiesforlife<U+2665>
More than alive-The Ready Set
thinking my favorite time of year in NM is the fall.
WHAT CHANNEL
New Report Global Yeast Market (2011 - 2016) Published by MarketsandMarkets
Playing at 7-9pm tonight! My first show of the year. It's good to be back.
Cassy, but I think there is merit in "vegging out" too... I like to go see movies sometimes just to enjoy getting lost in them:)
too bad white sox lost yesterday. :(
or virginity.
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart <3
Surprised with flowers from a client, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority at work! It's nice to know my work is appreciated. Thanks ladies!
UGA students- come on out to the Tate Center. Meghan is at the FSU table today!
High performance leadership is within reach of anyone. What changes can you make today to have better leadership within your organization?
Cannabis Sativa is a cure....Not a drug....Get wit the program Ppl....
Having someone you really dislike as your reader
Owling, the new planking?
Book your #taxi online! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com right now! So easy and you don't even have to stand up!
This time...make it a Kurzweil (wink)
Free Pies for Pi day out in the Library Quad! Get some before it's all gone!
needing a good nights sleep tonight!
Today's Layoff Bounceback Tip: Use new Occupational Outlook Handbook online to research best career options for you.
hahaha i swear i looked retarded as ever. embarassing. hey Text me I got some funny stuff to tel youu!! 812 573 3225
Trying to get together a plan for Memorial Day Weekend. Anyone doing anything fun/want to do anything fun? Water & Booze is a requirement
Today's BTU inspiration: "If you're not perpetually surprised by the fact of your existence, then you don't deserve to exist." ~Tagore
Guy in front of me on the bus is reading Godel Escher Bach. Who says only nuts ride the bus?
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
really? That's surprising.
Filming in CANO's upcoming music video tomorrow in the lead role of the Club Owner! Look out for it soon!
Love da Gotye,FUN,Anything f/Grouplove or YTG Albums, Foxy Shazam-listen to me preach these things in school they don't teach
When faculty are suspicious of librarians, you have to "dress like one of them".
didn't make it for that! But, I did see Joey save his sandwich from a "gun shot"
yea who is this tho?
idont have yur number saved, text me.
#BAVC Kat Cizek advises filmmakers to extend documentaries beyond just showing and telling with tactile elements
will you guys being signing autographs anywhere at the altar bar in pittsburgh for the outbreak tour?
Had a wonderfull time at Long beach!!I love it!!Got such a good tan..Cant wait for the next country to visit which is Canada!YAY!!! xoxoxoxo
I'd rather have no friends than fake friends.
"Don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating accidental like on a breeze" sums up krup so far.
Auto DMs are the worst. And unfollowing the person is so difficult
Countys start tomorrow. Lets bring home the championship halls. We can do this :)
I'm pretty sure Stephen A. Smith was born without an inside voice
10 empty bottles of champagne in the recycling today. Now that's what I call a brunch.
you bet. See you on 6/9 for our Four Families Date Night...
ike your an extremley desperate pig that will fuck anything with a vagina.
It's beautiful out today...
TRIVIA: Endesha Baraka Eagle Chapter is located on what campus?
The last time that I can remember being this close to a sell-out crowd was in 2006 for the Charity Game. Congrats to the Ads!
why thank you! :)
Love seeing the girls on #ERedCarpet!
We write songs off fan contributions, lyrics,riffs,MIDIfiles,rants,poems,journal entries, anything really.
if ur sending to everyone I wanna see lmao
Bang bang shrimp!
thank you kindly ;)
new songs comin to yall radio soon
what ride are you at????
Matthew Perry has purty eyes.
it floors me every time I hear Ellen sing, "we aren't who I thought we could be / but I don't always listen to me."
Kennard, Nadzam Named to SEC Community Service Team: Kennard was a volunteer at the Ronald McDonald House, Club 3:16 and Lake Pointe ...
I lose like 2 followers a day haha.
#NP Bird On A Wire - x RiFF RaFF
happy birthday, Chris!! I can't wait for the new record! xo
Farewell, Minneapolis/St. Paul...
Do u know people that talk talk talk and in ur head u like ya ya ya??? I DO!!!
The #big10expo is the morning of March 9, which is also the Big Ten BBall tourney. Start off the weekend with a networking event!
you shouldn't feel insulted.. She forgot how to speak English... She's known that for 21 years
it is democracy. But it doesn't mean the outcome is progressive.
What were you saying again?
. probably modular plastic models would be fine
You're very welcome.
Teaching guitar lessons all evening
That's the complicated way of cutting yourself.
Our After School Acting Club's show is 2/28 @ SY Jackson. Come and see what they've been up to this month! Contact our office for info.
Two days of TextMate and I came running back to vim. I just can't navigate without command mode.
Confusion cleared.
Thanks Sandra! Looking forward to tweeting with ya!
agreed! MT : I don’t think [DH/collab] will ever be for everyone. But it should be okay for more people. And for junior scholars
who wants to rendezvous ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
heyy what are u doing tonightt?
Chuckie has "chicken pops"
I like your background, but I don't know how to tell you. It's not like facebook. I can't write on your wall!
Wonderful! Book 2 Hint: It's a love story.
I miss winter ;c
Treat her like a dog, call the bitch lacy.
“It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.” Mark Twain
In case my pitch was exciting, more here: textlab.org
very interesting
lets go axe man!
Dude I had the same ref at UofO 25 yrs ago
Heading to Elton John's first concert in Vegas residency comeback at Caesars. An inside look on Fox 5 News at 10!
Today is a weird day ! A weird weird day!
we need something! I mean, it's Goldwater country, but this is getting ridiculous out there!
Does anyone know what all the Supa Saints (fans) twitters are? We want to follow them!
Can the SCOTUS adjudicate being backward ass country f*cks?
Gimme $20. Then do your resume. Biatch.
I would do it!
No doubt
was just asked if i was available for a meeting on 11/8. WHAT!?!? November 8th!?!? That is months from now, right?
while i redo my myspace page, and request you as my friends all over again.
What's the world coming to been tweeting LOL!
Ahh. Their playin in detroit but the tickets im buying are like 246 dollars but he's cutting it in half for meh, #ilikecats!
I wish would do a show about students in debt. $60,000 and counting, and I'm only 20. A senior in college, I'm not the only.
haha i love that game
#Thefuqk the light flickering and shit?
I love you more than life itself gurl ;) ": :o ...... </3 I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME!"
Orlando, Florida
Leaving Watergate for home. 6min commutes are highly advantageous :)
“: no” lol. You two are hysterical. A modern day Stan and Holly.
Facebook reserving the ticker $FB. Will they list on NYSE or Nasdaq?
&& At the end of the day Samira & Breanna are my bestfriends/family. They are always there for me to lean on & my rock through it all !
When cries when she thinks of the or Jonathan Quick. omgg.
nice call. Maybe Antonio Bryant too.
but I don't skate :/
AFAs REQUIRE attorney/client communication at all stages.
seattle. good to be back in you
i sent you some tracks!
Yea yea wateva
(((Annaliesje))) how was Vegas? Did you have fun & get a tan? Great to see you back online!
thxs 4 following i followed u :) so tommorz u get a SO
Thank u for bringing up this race issue. Goes both ways, especially when certain analyst think RG3 will be better than Luck
ePub session at #stc11 is standing room only
Thanks for the follow, Lillian
I am who I am. Don't like it? I don't care.
Ya'll wanna hear my music??
Texas Crawfish Festival today. (:
1 new shirt added weekly on Thursdays! We already have the queue loaded until February!
dear dc foodie friends: do you know ? she's a local food writer for WaPo, Washingtonian, and CityEats. :)
reclamale a el entonces y dime a donde van a ir?
my article "Rewriting Genre in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls Trilogy" will be available on Project Muse in Sept, in print this fall!
Pierce drops a #Tebow? People are still doing that?
I bet can hook you up with some shooting drills - they love drills. Right ?
You know what I want? I want yesterday. ~ Natalie Wood
I love my gay guys<3 but plse plse stop tryna to holla on the low.
laughed when i saw spenser! :)
Select from 10 different Darjeeling teas on sale. Darjeeling is known worldwide as the "Champagne of teas", a wonderful India black tea.
RT : What about the history of developers and microsoft going forward?
Dude! It was Chic White Sox 6 Oak 0 at the top of the 4th...Now it's 7-7 Top of the 9th...WTF?!?!
What a crummy past few months for WI sports fans, so close, yet so far away.
I'm at the tech class too!
Cold Temperatures Rock South Texas! At Express Lube, we'll make sure your vehicle's antifreeze is providing adequate protection.
putting that bitch all in yo business and thats the same bitch that'll gimme a kidney!
Sorry to be that guy; but, entertainment flacks: *Hollywood* stands alone in all press release datelines (No *Calif.*).
Drove home and all the street lights were out.
Watching the game of course !
#LT won't have to deal with that tyrant next year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Stirsman could you kindly point out to this gentleman what sunglasses he is wearing in his profile picture?
true. I was there yesterday, Blackmon is going to be a beast.
I've been trying 2 get you 2 follow me for so long that it feels like it been years please end this lifetime of disappointment!
RT Our cat ran away. Bay View people, if you see the cutest catty ever, its mine. Her name is Sweets but she'll answer to Fwee-Fwee
Shooting new sketches for our online series 'The Grind' this weekened: Gamer-Nerd-mania!!
where have you been :( I texted you a few times no reply
Check email Sean. has my home e-mail and follow me on Twitter! Coming tonight!
Currently reading the Amfleet safety instruction booklet.
If you let me, here's what I do, I'll take care of you. :-)
I want to scratch my chest off right now. This was not a good idea.
We need people to see the epic conclusion of #MauSe! It's only right-- end it on a real dramatic note!
pitch book on your iPad! #green #sleek &
Did you forget about NSD today!?
The bus ride back home . . ctfuu !
Short for what? Scotch and water?
Today's trouble is enough for today.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought! ~ Anonymous
Holy shit. skate deck. Consider it ordered.
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN!! <3 <:D
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face.When he calls you hot, he likes your body.When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart.
absolutely will do. :)
He tries hard? #igotnothin RT : Can someone please explain the fascination with Colt McCoy in Cleveland?
Whats wrong crystal
You guys have my permission for the crown for this year and beyond.
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kevin Flynn
Today at Noon! Tune into: MARINA's High-nrg Fitness Musical Health Talk featuring Cat Migliaccio & Brandon Osborn will air on FTNS.CO...
Awesome last night out on the East Coast. It was Legend...wait for it...
It's the rap monger rap monster earl sweat attack conquer
If sportsbooks were legal in AC casinos, their popularity/handle would rival/surpass LV in short order
Hey Arnold
lets go on a walk then !
salty millionaire?
this is stupid i hate feeling this way
Poor Charlie. At least no cone of shame.
will there be an online stream for this game or am I out of luck?
Id invite you for breakfast, but you dint make any -_-
damn.. you've got a point :]
Can't wait to hang out w my neighbor later!!!! come <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RT Who Wants Britney Spears Tickets? Sean Cage Has Them On-Air @ 7:20pm! Write On His Wall & Tell Him How Much U wnt Them!!
Will you Follow me ? My Birthday was Yesterday and I REALLY wanted to follow me ; </3 So can you ? Please?(:
I know what you mean, I get those least every other day! I hate when it involves money or a special date lol
I have more guy friends because girls are stupid and dramatic.
apparently I need a prom dress?
How does a group of dolphin's make a decision?Flipper coin!
In the car still driving to Florida!!xP
the quietness of dawn saves my being...
Needs to see why the judges are taking away kids and give them to their abusive dad's proven DV abusers?? HELP
I KNOW
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who's been with everybody.
just read your link, good stuff to think about. Is that Body by Bond in the teal square considered your logo?
I would Love the following to Follow me
my name is albert and im a doer thumps up !!
Aw that sucks. Good
Blackmon>Floyd all day.
stop trying to type like me lol
I'm pretty sure I followed everyone back! (:
awesome and quick questions y did u get so many and how much was it for all of those?
Juan Castillo is on for Molitor and will play 2nd. Gantner moves to 3rd. Appears to be a leg injury, hopefully not serious.
It's Super Tuesday. If you don't think what happens today affects you personally, it's time to put your big boy/girl pants on.
Our government should honor veterans by bringing home the troops.
Listening to Steely Dan after it mixed. Ryan E snuck some new sweet fills in the end of the song. Can't wait until we get this EP out.
8 flavahz, rng, mwc, and fanny pak are well known. This brings abdc views and ratings up. That's why they're still there. Not b/c of votes.
I'm back home. I have a meeting at a new club tomorrow sorry!
Work sucks
Okay power105 .. Going in all DMX im love it!! Getting me hyped lol
This Never Made So Much Sense. #Thru ..... YungronDaGeneral
Just cause you're 18 does not mean you're grown. You don't even have your license. Sit the fuck down, have a cup of water.
Having a wonderful Thanksgiving in Montana! :-D
Tip #65: LIVE PLAY: Pay very close attention to the players that do not use deception in the way they play. Profit.
Bummin it with sweats tm i guess .
I do not know this Paul McCartney song. What's with the white tux? Are we at a wedding? I want that guitar!
We just got confirmation on a pretty awesome poster gig this summer. All those nervous butterflies are in our tummies. Gonna be a good one.
FOOD DRIVE today!!! At our Tropicana and Mt.Vista location from 3pm - 7pm Donate and get free yummy hot chapurrado and bread!!
Is it raining EVERYWHERE?
Listen to my radio show, Question Reality, Sunday, December 6th @ 5:00 PM on LA Talk Radio. Our guest is Eric Schwers, CEO of Baskit Wear.
hmm, wondering if the NCSAM crowd appreciates the controls systems security issues
Keep it up !!! Show the nuggets up!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all friends and family of Creative Works. We're looking forward to an exciting 2011!
Holy blurry photo batman!
There is nothin good about mondays.
Mix it up....Try putting a KTB parmesan crisp on it. Gives it a great cheesy crunch.
“: "PLEASE. girls don't like nice boys"”. Who says that?
Thanks for posting. Sony is about to become an interesting case study...
do you have a twin?
Happy Monday everyone..... :)
Max's Dragon Shirt w/ Corps members and Jim Sourwine of Capital Hill Partners
that's the worst championship game of any sport at any level I've ever seen, however.
Hi ~ sent you an email after the festival of Books! Did you get it? : )
Why won't simplepie in #Joomla throw an error with invalid URL? I just get 500 internal server error GRR!
omg i was like this guy is 26 and youre trying to get with a single mother but hes obvi team
Lol, if only you knew my full honest opinion of you these days.
RT : Everybody's getting THE SAME MESSAGE here - books are not their containers.
brings back to many memories
Follow My other Account Pleasee Everybody? &
Good mornin, hope you have a nice and easy work day today :)
Twitter wont load ill finish numbers later?!
You're welcome
I love my lil big sis ! She made my shorts look so cute!
Commence whining sequence: But I don't wanna go home! <insert foot stamp here> hmph
and PS fuck u if u don't follow me. HUplo for your roll! I'm all over that
maybe. DM me. We'll talk.
beautiful jeans for beautiful legs, ladies!
:-) RT : No way! 4th and Forever just followed me! Lol.
“: Got official scholarship email today. Acknowledgment of hard work is priceless #MBA #SPAIN #StudyAbroad #latism” congrats!
a respectful connection to your heritage is one thing. Totally enveloping yourself in it is another.
she anserd me and she sed no and so i sed u sure and she just ignored me, so i had to go to thebathroom wit ice on (c)
Rip Steve Jobs He was a technological genius.
All happy families resemble one another; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. (Leo Tolstoy)
hahaha i like that get money hustler
Reading Goethe's Egmont on train today- it's been a decade since I read it last and, with my more recent mad Netherlands love, it is way rad
Some ppl need fi bill still hate ppl that talk alotta shit message from mi
do you like toffee? I make delicious homemade toffee and would love to send u some!
#EverydayIThinkAbout Our old memories.
THURSDAY THURSDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON THURSDAY
Crazy San Diego traffic law: It is illegal to shoot jackrabbits from the back of a streetcar.
Had a great birthday yesturday!!!
Chocolate Assortments Store Online: 32pc Dark Chocolate Cordial ...
Watching 30 for 30 about our Canes on by ....cool story!
Will someone pls wake me when the Presidential Elections are over? Or the tall black sock & white sneaker trend. Whichever comes 1st.
Cole is too talented to be called bush league. He is our best pitcher. He brought us the 08 title.
Great -- that should be perfect! Thanks for your quick response.
Aw! :) RT is a SUPER FLY CHICK and I am her SUPER MAN..
Check out our amazing new logo. #J676 is heading to #southmadison for some amazing food on this beautiful day. Come join!
Knowing the Drupal community, I just don't see that happening. But I do think it will open up some new opportunities...
#mytunes ...and its hard to dance with the devil on your back
I am now addicted to looking up the inflammation factor in my food. I didn't even know that information was out there.
Sick #Beddroc pool party We in here #WHOOP!!
'Spring Tree' is back in Phinney Ridge, stocked with toys, dog biscuits; neighbors can 'take something, give something.'...
oh big F grade for all of them who are bitter..they will grow old to be sad and grumpy..they will not find any happiness
50 BONES AH MONTH...
meh. I had the caprese panini. Should have known better w/ tomatoes not in season. It would have been awesome w/ ripe ones.
Had brunch and a nap!
oh Eric...you are trying to be so Logical/but there is no such thing as #RWlogic that is what we are learning right ?
Make me know your ways, O Lord, Teach me your paths. Lead me in your truth and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation
Big Bear tomorrow. Hope I don't feel as bad as I do today tomorrow.
Genius in NY told me had to be shipped to depot,genius here in San Diego tried reinstalling OSX and couldnt.Next genius gave me a new laptop
have so much fun, britt!! You are going to sparkle :)
Im pissed I didn't get any calls or texts...
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
What would Rome be without a good plot?
In case you haven't heard, there is a #rivoli cleanup on Saturday April 14 at 9am. With breakfast by !!
Loving the submissions for our #FrenchPharmacie twitter contest! Don't forget, you have until Saturday at 12 to enter!
I would love these new automatic lights in my classroom if the sensor would actually register my movement. Working in the dark.
don't know how to explain
#RickieFowler looks awful.
I'm getting "HIGH" off #SUCCESS.... U want a "HIT"!!??? Put ya MONEY WHERE YA MOUTH IS...ill jump on it quick
Just to be clear -- I don't *actually* want to kill anyone. Just wish it was legal to give animal torturers a dose of their own medicine...
Yes, you have some teaching! I LOVE Bonnie! So glad you are going!! 1st time I saw her...Steamboat...Sheraton Hotel... :)
i could eat endless amounts of frozen yogurt. i would be a happy girl.
g'morn Mr. Patterson
this piece is fing brilliant and among the best summaries yet on the developing 'kent state' moments that seems upon us
Why don't charities and porn mix? It's like we make evil money or sumptin.
Awesome! Glad you stopped by!
Thank you!
So relieved. Exams over. Time to sleep forever lol jk
Long term drug abuse is a growing danger to people's health. Yet, our entertainment professionals do little to demonstrate, inform abt them.
For the press, progress is not news. Trouble is news.
Starting Team Highlight DVD for Algonquin HS Football's Banquet 30 DVDs in retail pkg complete inc editing $1099
and Thesis theme is best for SEO.
I was *going* to go back over Escape and write today - turns out my website is completely gone off the server of my hosting co
Honey - & #DNC show lackluster connection to our #LGBT issues & offer the #Repugs2blame COVER - keep trying!!
RT : Why am i so obsessed with this 4th and forever show??
This is ACTUALLY a Google search I just did for ACTUAL research: "mushroom magic pumpkin pizza florida".
just put it in the trash cuh
hurry up and come backk
I just heard the retired shuttle is doing a fly-over the dc's potomac river Tuesday between 10 & 11am. I hope to catch a glimpse & snapshot
Finally understanding Views Arguments. I guess I just needed someone to *show* me.
Guess what is between AZ and TX? New Mexico!! We get skipped all the time! No fair!!
I wonder if and jayded records are lookin for artist?
Will be similar to last year's Thursday night win over UCLA: Ducks roll 59-21
that's awesome!!!
We're giving away $450 in FREE ScooterCabs vouchers tonight at #BikeNight at in Middleton!! Stop by, say hi, sign up, WIN!
when will you be expanding to San Diego!?!
Finally 1000 tweets, took me a minute doe
Enjoy every minute of it!
this is beyond a "walk taken," this is an summer olympic RUN across the field taken
no...my moms only taking my brother. -____-
the fact that you're talking about it right now is great publicity for his show. He needs to be thankful for Twitter.
My feet are freezing' <U+26C4>
yeah a while ago. Lol its cool to finally be on good terms with everyone haha.
SO! RT : It's official is obsessed with
If I Die Tomorrow would you please tell him that I love him and i will never forget him. BITCH IM TALKING ABOUT JUSTIN BIEBER
“: Choke Choke Choke” They did everything but choke! Not like they blew a 20 point lead! What game u watching
I keep getting emails about "great Mother's Day gifts." You know what make a great Mother's Day gift? Death certificates.
My point exactly. Some young lad is in control I'm sure.
You're playing with my emotions. You're driving me insane. I want to say I hate you, but I it's impossible to hate the person you care about
true audio has been amazing this year
Eating Olympia oysters picked up at the University Farmers market yesterday. They are lovely, and somehow they have a hint of turnip.
But will there be bacon in abundance?
We're trying to convince it's ok to take a random cough drop from I wouldn't, but Patrick should ;)
ANGELS IF YOU DID NOT SEND YOUR EMAILS PLEASE DO SO. ALSO IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SKYPE ACCOUNT PLEASE SET ONE UP
I'm thinking about moving to California, Texas or either New York
but what about the phishing and the twitter and the e-mail etiquette?
you will be my favorite person ever please
#PRIME2012 :31 Straight Days: :The People The Celebrations: Just hours away from
Movies with Ashley :)
build it up, build it up
Hey , our singer quit the band. Would you be interested in joining? I know your busy but thought we would ask.
I took my love down to the Hollywood Bowl.....
I just like Tyler :D -MB
make sure you let me know how your #nom session is!!
wait im kinda confused.... is ALL of mb gonna be in the movie or JUST 1 of them.
Hiding eggs for my bro lol.
A bad case of it's-4pm-on-Friday just hit me.
lolsz ryte u need to grow
please help trend
How can one not like Wong's Wok yet they like the China Buffett heat lamped food?..yikes..
You hurt me, but do i deserve this? You make me so nervous .
If you ever complain about your neighbors having sex, you should immediately go up to the 6th floor, open the window and jump!
Franchise News IFA Calls for Secretary Geithner, Congress, to Reverse Job-Killing Financial Regulations on Small Business IFA Calls for Sec
NY: April 20th is National Haitian Diaspora Day! Start by celebrating The Toussaint L'Overture Symposium fun/prizes/drinks/music/HISTORY
Haha. I know. I am getting yoohoos and Dr Pepper. But my tacos are veggie tacos. And they are open to eating new things
You say you push him back. Lies. I saw you walk with him. Dont fucking lie to me.
Do you think that it IS a good use? RT how can you prove to other staff that SM is a valid use of time/resources?
Good Morning, Toni! What was the brand of pants you like ?
RT : Calling NYC design writers - is hiring - email us if you or someone you know would be a good fit:...
PLease Follow ! <3
Having an awesome time at KCSS FM!!! Listen up for ménage giveaways California!!! :)
need a credit card as well
Thx 4 the follow! Hope u enjoyed #ism2012 and everything charm city had to offer you!
Chapter 2012 Page 68 of 366 I'm told it takes 10,000 hours to be an expert...1 down 9,999 to go.
Our lady Planiteers just participated in Baltimore's first fitness flash mob! Did anyone see us dancing in Santa hats on Pratt St. today?
whats up Kay
Cloud Browse 4.0 now with retina display for iphone!
104 year old grndmothr & Bo Sox fan died today. On death bed her family ask if she had any final words. She said, I'm glad I wasnt a Cub fan
that's like our saying apparently haha
i did. how was yours?
Why does Biden looked surprised at what Obama is saying?
#Str8LykeDes... Ok. Ok. That's fine..
lady I haven't said anything to u for more than a week and u hav chosen to reply twice.Hava sunny day 2u one of the 99%! ;)
i hate how i am so easily pulled back into your bullshit.
Yes please
Yoga was awesome!! Kicked my butt...now onto poker!!
No Prob. We must keep you from a Hemingway demise. I don't recall how he went, but I'm guessing it wasn't very well. :)
duh!! Of course you should! You know how amazing is!
MacBook Pro + VMWare Fusion = The best windows computer I've ever owned
Finally actual dinner after a few pre cursors. Oh and it's a Tapas restaurant this could get exciting.
FOLLOW A HOT FRESH ARTIST CHECK HIM OUT!!
One-legged homeless man just encouragingly reminded me Tuesday's behind me and tomorrow's hump day!
I don't want to imply support group, I want to imply people who are okay with you doing the thing you're doing.
have fun-good luck- stay safe!! We'll miss you!
": fickle fans??? Fuck you douche bag" STILL HATE EM I SEE! LOL
thanks girl!! What do you think are the best things to write about?!? I feel like no one cares ;)
We have big plans for you all!
we're taller than jesus.
love you son.
I always see posts about but I have no idea what it is. About to look into it, but anyone want to give a crash course?
Seems to be the new "in" drink. I am not sure why. Had a similar one in Vegas last year, and it was terrible
Yes Anna and i went out and "you know who" came by and talked alot of bulshit :D We are waiting for you!!
"(Dis)Unity in Difference? Opposition Responses to the GCC Process in Yemen" Stacey Philbrick Yadav
Feels good to be back on your feet :) Can't wait til this Summer, it's gon' be live AF!
There's no vegetarian food at my grandma's Mother's Day cookout.
wow. You don't look it! You look 20 (;
you know you can link your account to FB and update both at the same time? Then I see your posts too xD
man you will fill that missing link for us.. We need you!! Come aboard and let's get #8.. Go Big Blue!!
Did I win the cookie?
Bucks might be out of the playoffs with that loss... come on guys the wizards?
Go John.
So excited for my daughter, Mattie, for being selected to sing the National Anthem @ #TheHembyCup #HockeyGame on Oct. 22 @ 1pm
Excellent! joins the Twitter revolution! Look forward to seeing SF Opera in the Park with friends on 12 Sept in Golden Gate Park.
RT: Im already on one!
Kurt from glee?!
In reflection I am mad at myself that I did not make the time to draw and take pictures while I was in Puerto Rico
Saw that the roads had been salted this morning - time to check the forcast! :)
Thank u boo live n miss u too!"" “ SCREAMING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MI LUV HOPEYU HAVE FUN LOVE YA AND MISS YA ENJOY :-)”
Don't you dare squish that baby's head!
will we be spending time this summer? Or do you have a shit ton of events?
they say "smart phone, dumb head"
you vixen!
Good times tonight with some of my favorites.
we are booking some shows now, hopefully sometime in June we shall be playing on Long Island! :)
It’s Bye Week for our Seattle but we still love seeing the rest of the #NFL supporting #BCAM!
Lake Lanier is up 2 inches! Thank You God!
#ff to our very cool client - great people, great product, great corporate citizens!
Sometimes we put on a smile and act like nothing's wrong. It's called: Putting shit aside and being strong.
I ball with Spalding
thanks girl love you too! :)
Cleveland Cavaliers have 2 of the top 4 picks.
Queen on #idol is
Acupuncture can also reduce swelling and pain without meds, and reduce healing time. You might want to check into that...
I'll take you to Melon's & few blocks from my apt. Sorry that happened! Their chili/cottage fries sound perfect now.
And the winner by TKO in the 2nd round.......... over
I think it did. Didn't see tweets otherwise. But it is a 2 hour finale, IIRC.
Justin Dentmon, Blake Ahearn, Edwin Ubiles, Malcolm Thomas and Greg Smith named to the 2012 All-NBA D-League First Team
We learn to know things, to do things, & to be things. We mostly want our students to become something.
This is going to be a nice and short 2 day week.
who's giving the Frederick Douglas Paper? I'd love a copy.
Some days I want to be alone but most days I just need someone to hold me and tell me that it'll all be okay.
Someone wanna be a doll and bring me some food?
Google alert blowing up for days b/c gets star on H-wood Walk of Fame. Congrats and all that but media needs to let it go.
I had the same thought about being a historian- "Sure, your theories on the work camps are compelling, but please solve for y."
Come on 1st of the month I'm ready for my Army check...
littleShenaChug thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
did a pike frontflip and a inward flip off the diving board yesterday.
Robert's Choice st: THE FIGURE STUDY... Let the human form be your canvas.
Let's hope your tweet will be the only time you have to ask "how did that happen" for the time being.
Thank u for coming out and supporting the WEE 1st Annuall Multicultural Business Showcase. It was a REAL success.
#TheWorstFeeling: When you see the person you like with someone else.
Bankers want low risk and high profits and if they can get the GOV. to guarantee loans they couldn't be happier. NO RISK As good as it gets
#RT if you have goals
Now I Know I Have No Friends.
i want to buy a ps3 on SHOP
you should! Summer is best :)
Hung out with a little cutie today ;)
yero lemme know when u got a slot for me in there
Bands - need new photos? Hit up Chase! He's hooking up deals because he spent all his money on tour. Email him at !
everyone has a husband or boyfriend and I'm single.. :(
with and morning of amazing conversations
I'd snap their hands off for £27.5m + Ireland!!! Take it and run!
CONTACT ME MY LEGAL FORMS SITE AND 100 LEGAL FORMS AND GUIDES BOOK SERIES SOLD ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Chinese food
k will u follow me? :)
The Lakers are giving away t-shirts tonight, as if giving away the last game wasn't enough?.
Me, too - like a CD to music, still something too ephemeral about a digital file.
Tired of pulling my black suit out of the closet..
omg! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Can't believe I almost forgot. Love you! :D
m hm. You betta start praying.
Wow josh Hamilton
No way!!! RT : In the original version of Little Red Riding Hood, Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf eat grandma together.
The plural of anecdote is not data! reminds us of Lee Shulman's quote.
why does love always feel like a battlefield? a battlefield!
The 80s gave birth to the alternative movement for which the 90s took credit. Innovation came in so many diff varieties.
I need you to follow me for motivation. I am using the Heat in 2K12. Do you play the game?
YES. RT I'm looking forward to April 2014. MILWAUKEE YEAR!!!
I'm running a "people-motivated" campaign, too, just like
So upset that I'm not seeing at Madison Square Garden tonightt:(
Am I the only one still standing up clapping #ScandalABC ended? That's good TV. BRA-f'in-VO!..BRA-f'in-VO!
Who finished their taxes this weekend?? #IDid ;-)
We are excited to have you as a reviewer! See you this weekend!
feel free to join in whenever!
Damn I really don't want togo to work tomorrow morning. 4 hours in-between shifts sucks ass!
From a commercial point of view, if Christmas did not exist it would be necessary to invent it. ~ Katharine Whitehorn
Yea I got me sum nutts 4 my sundae
but sadly, only in your eyes
The entry interview has specific do and donts as does the exit interview.
Today is about mending and miso soup and maybe Mad Men. And alliteration.
IPod > phone any day!!
if you're joking Michelle I will never let you do one of my physics labs ever again!!!
Kobe Bryant-->Assassin
2nd floor construction update: the water fountain and bathrooms are back in service!
oh i gotta put that line in a song!.
Great to hear. Been through a couple of resto kitchen fires myself, & news like that always sends a shiver down my spine.
Skipping 5th with Genesis!
The only thing worse than ICP is _____
I'm so sad that MIOBI is over but I can't wait to see what the rock girls have planned for us next!
Watching Golden Girls first thing in the morning makes for a great day everyday.
Glad we lost now instead of losing in the NCAA, and so we'll lose our cockiness. We'll be fired up and ready to go in the NCAA. #BBN <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
I hope you're the host of THE RULE SHOW
RT Listen to #ThePowerPlant at 9PM tonight, or you hate puppies.
If that is the case I'll have plenty of time to show you over break while the campus is abandoned.
Uhm sike I'm closer to him rn he's mine ok
Aren't ya kinda leaving the haunted folks to fend for themselves in a house full of probably now angry ghosts cuz people got evidence?
Glad you like it! Send over some Chammyz and they'll be in my photos for sure! ;-)
its not an arguement its a statement.
Thanks for having us!
me too.
Shout Out to my new followers thnks
you are incredibly awesome and your music has been a great influence in my life. Thank you!
Attn Historical and Literary Fiction lovers: Watch for your chance to win a signed copy of GROSVENOR SQUARE! Contest specifics coming soon!
Homeward bound to Athens !!!
City picked up 172 illegal signs in Pike Township between January 11th and February 8th. I see hundreds more.
G'morning ABQ! There are some great articles in the current issue of Come by and grab a FREE copy today!
Oh no! After all that struggle in the morning.
We'll still love ya, Kyle! To a long and prosperous career, kiddo - tell Carimi we still love him, too!
A boy has never wept..nor dashed a thousand kim..
maybe its Because she doesnt know the answer and want to get to know you better
We should be coming through in September!
Ugh! Dog owner dilemma, pick up some other dog's poop cuz your dog pooped right next to it. I did, cuz I'm responsible.
hahah thank you!(:
ha! Hopefully their kid turns out ok.
QoTD: "Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you." (Arnold Palmer)
You can only wear your hair up one a week. Today is that day.
Come on, Joan. What kind of Hippy world you livin' in? Think of all the beauty and adventure you can buy! ;)
being real freaky on my TL lol
The moment when you wake up look at your phone and you relized you texted someone in your sleep..-.-
I don't think advertising #freepot while supplies last at is a good marketing strategy. How does that make your business look?
the fact that Miranda's bringing like 5 people with her to my game <<<<<<
RT:We giving out the Last 500 Turkey Coupons Southside Cricket store 1006 SW Military Dr with 98.5 The Beat
For just one day, I'd love to be able to drive like a cop with my lights on thru rush hour traffic.
you ladies totally inspire me. Make me laugh and think.
Thanks for all of your hard work!
How exciting... and I'll even be in that state for part of the time. You going to watch any stages there live?
I want one! Damn, I want two! <--Backup, of course. RT Weapons of Mass Description (via )
It's cool if you don't like me.. just don't pretend you do.
It looks like the executioner is among us. These days must come.......and they must pass.
Saw that link.. Magictune not compatible w/ NVIDIA GeForce GT 545 Graphics card installed.. other calibration recommended?
I wish I had the ambition to study.
Catching my nephew's T-ball game!
Thanks for performing last night. You guys are freaking hilarious!
was just thinking the same thing... Definitely a real possibility!
can I borrow dat?
Over 100k people out of work jobs are needed now
o that's the worst & so unprofessional :/
yall better bring ya asses you know it only take me 5 minutes to get there lol
Railings at Carols, I was right Carol, those railings are not up to code on Wickiup Lane. Carol has knives at the level of a child, pointing
Academy Member Robert Way was elected as President-Elect for the Arizona Chapter of NAELA for the 2010 year. Congratulations Robert!
Am following up on Samira's case for Wmn Undr Siege. If you have info/thoughts u would like me to include, pls let me know.
Okay! But only if we get to sing our vows... in our Britney voices! (obviously...)
: 10% of any service call for an appointment today! 630-434-9053
Thank god, managed to postpone jury duty so that I could do Justice can wait...America
Thank you, gents!
White boys with dread locks HOT!!!
thanks for the RT! :)
u r fine as hell tweek and follow unsigned rapper help sing hook on my next track...let's meet in LA on
yeo sup homie. We out to Lithuania today, back to The UK tomorrow. How long you in town?
Too amazing days in a row; what are the odds? Great for seeing some amazing art or
Awesome one! : #obamaforgot that dog is NOT the other white meat.
hey fellow Texan how are you? Haven't seen or talked to you in a minute. Whats new?
Someone help me !!!!!
she's the girl that you love to hate.
At home:)
i think we might qualify as lame....naaa FUCK THAT!
Thanks, Tricia! ::presses on with the edits::
And we want to run a very engaged workshop - pls collaborate and jump in!
you WAS THERE!!!...I didn't come downstairs, I didn't even kno somethin was goin down bro..I was just stopping by forreal
Steal an election? Surely u cannot recall Georgie Bush's theft of Florida, huh?? Duhh
Friends across the pond are building a sharing marketplace, aggregating coll-cons services in the UK. Good on you, mates!...
apologies for the late reply....so flatterd, but I'm engaged. :)
who's listening to #jockjams? yup that's right.
O.e
let's just hope that it's a full team effort, and Kobe doesn't have to play hero ball like game 6
I’m celebrating #WorldBackupDay by backing up my personal and business data with ! How are you celebrating ?
I am DREADING comp 2. That teacher puts me in a bad mood.
Spending easter with my best buddie <333333
Can't wait for next week. Love seeing the #Packers in person.
“: So it's official: Palmetto's gonna be the freshest group of kids up at universal lol” are all schools dressing up or just us?
hi my buddy
The Atlanta Hawks are hosting Charlotte Bobcats today at the Philips Arena. NBA lovers can get some last tickets by calling us: 888-493-0004
Happy to be working again today! Have a great Monday people!
New phone; no contacts ):
#cvcouncil "We need to know where we want to go before we can plan how to get there."
There r far too many beautiful women to get stuck on 1 especially if she'n feelin u
To all teachers near and far, THANK YOU! Happy National Teacher Day!
thnx. pretty cool, huh?
“: Polygons #DOSIO_LIVE” amazing night! So blessed to be sharing the stage with them. Happy bday to !
I'm From The Jungle Bitch With Them Real Bananas
very similar to when you walk outside to realize your car has been towed :(
i dunno ahhahah:')
...yeah. She's probably in the Bush League.
I'd also rather try out projects than hear about them. A hands-on lounge next year, perhaps.
#CareerRealTalk "You have to have balance life. Your household has to be tight to be able to take care of business."
Have a safe flight wherever you're going isabel <3 And feel better :) !
really, how can i forget about this?
um... i dont think anyteam can make it to the 2nd round...u gotta be good... say the lakers sorry... yal needa eat a dic or sum...
true true
awh true;) do you turn yours over to the cold side?:S
I wanna play!
Sounds good, I'm on it
If only The Jets had signed him, they have a roster full of qbs that throw tough to catch balls!
Oh, that's reasonable. I don't think that's "big money" relative to NBA RT Good answer. But he's worth $7-$8 million a season.
what does that mean XRISTOS ANESTI !
I even told my friend afterwards: 'This cute girl in red came up to me then scampered off, looked REALLY familiar.. '
excellent! How are you doing? ^ag
Hello Everyone, I hope you had a blessed week and blessed weekend!!! Be blessed..
You've got to roll with
5 billion dollars says that wasn't what Vogel drew up.
Good things will happen if you have faith and believe with all your heart. It may take time but it will happen.
“: thank you!!! lets get together soon please!!” yes! I would love that! :)
Morrissey cosplay was the best idea I had today
Leaving is the hardest part... or it just me?
live and learn lol
<U+263A>The more the heart is nourished, with happiness, the more it is insatiable. -Gabrielle Roy
you even got the moms on twitter now follow me and !!! its my mommaa
I love my parents. Unlike normal people that stay inside when it storms they go running outside like little kids.
ohmygosh. our name is tatiana?:o
Found book with obvious typo on the title page. I fixed it in my catalog, but some other libraries kept spelling & added [sic]. Still done?
I only follow Ersay because he occasionally gives away free stuff.
You may have fled the country, but you can still chat with the #RISDphonathon! #Tagger and crew, calling all international alumni! #lookout!
you only live once
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Rebekah Reems for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
did he resign???
"the secret of war lies in the communications"
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't wait till summer break
he is risen indeed!
Steve Smith makes a good point about evaluating serials subscriptions on a case by case basis and not only on cost per use numbers.
damn, R.I.P. MCA
Mass Effect 3 time. Equipment packs are back!
RT : Keep this business sustainable and professional-keep standards high MT Its now time for
Happy Thanks Giving to all of the #rap #jazz #blues #hiphop #ska #dj #country #folk #heavymetal #reggae #rock and other music lovers!
do you have an example? Would like to review the blog in question..
Spice Sample Roundup
sweet Jesus Michael... I cannot stop laughing
big year for Dustin dallas Clark keller
I can't wait to see magic Mike. makes my jeans tight
Best change I've ever made is opening up my brain & looking at things differently and choosing to be positive. Infinite sweetness. -I
Come on #Bruins - that's more like it!
she can love you good but i can fuck you better better better better better better ey
#Nike and #NFL need to take a page from #Apple.... Stop the BS'ing and get to the good stuff already!!!
Wron G said that.
very soon. yesterday, soon.
Mobile network slowing down dramatically as Clinton time nears
BOOM! (Even though there's still one missing...but I won't mention it.)
Going Down In Texas Houston Salute
so Excited to hear how it goes!! Praying for you today!
Finishin up this production.......
1st wk. of school & kiddo couldn't find friend to sit w/ at lunch... High school is tough -oh my heart. Found a friend today.
No worries // Thanks for the great content ... I hope you're having a good Thursday!
Good morning. Hope you are are doing well :)
SAT word of the day: ribald (adj.) coarsely, crudely humorous
In Music Meeting Slash “By The Sword” w/vox by Wolfmother’s Andrew Stockdale it’s exactly what you expect
now suitably indoctrinated with PTA's National Standards for Family-School Partnerships - so similar to public library service strategies.
Retweet spree real quick.. Nun major
That's our 'Don't Hate Your LMS' campaign. Its surprising how many hate theirs and want to poke the doll.
I love what I do!
NYC Food Trucks have permits to vend, but no legal places to vend. No vending at meters! #CrazyNYC Tell me your crazy NYC story!
Here's looking at you kid
idk bro i just like pitbulls voice.
It feels like there are 10 Rangers on the ice and 3 Caps at all times.
Dear Liam I just have to say that you are SO handsome and you seriously have a voice ! I love you so much! #1D Te amo
Far far away, and Id do anything just to see his face.
Done! Follow back?
Even though it hurts a lot sometimes you just got to let it go and move on!
wine painting?!
Working on something.. Perhaps steam punk.. Seems cliche to me but whatevs.
Providing the San Diego community representation in the following areas, bankruptcy, business, tax, estate planning needs, and probate law.
love conferencing w you!
Dear Body, I am not trying to kill you. This exercise thing is supposed to HELP you. Stop fighting it.
ahahaha, ill make sure of that! :)
love him.
RT : uses Net Promoter Score #NPS to track social media success: how likely r u to recommend us? Scale 1-10
Oh gee, I dunno...TAKE ME WITH YOU!
Class this Saturday will be canceled due to a funeral
Hey I just met you but this is crazy here's my number so call me maybe?;)
but that shit's dead in the modern military.
What have u got planned for later my friend? I am in need of a happy hour!
Doctor, dentist and optometrist in one week? Wah.
RT : Great day of planning for the future > I agree!
Answer for marsupial question: most just lick their pouches clean, but those with downward-facing pouch...
Already packing my clothes up again. Summer was fun while it lasted.
you lucky girl! did you take a pic of your cart?
haha i just liked the sound of phillis - i was either gona go to vistaprint or zazzle if they were good
Q: any database nerds wanna nerd out and help me brainstorm a data model for my webapp? come by uptown espresso in SLU.
Have Qpons when you need them most- when you are nearby or looking for something. www.qponomics.com. FREE download to your smartphone!
hahahhaa love that last hashtag! Get. It. Boy!
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas finding my students the best homestay families in #Chile... they are going to LOVE Vina del Mar!
RT : For those asking, has confirmed the death of Andrew #Breitbart from LA Coroner & other sources.
Pittsburgh has a startling lack of hotels in areas of the city where there's actually stuff to do.
People are never what they seem. Even to themselves.
otay do it out my house
Love them too! We're jammin' right before them at FPL Stage 6pm! Hope you can make it over!!
wow ): I was waiting for it D:
look who talkin ;)
I think he's a Hstn Select 2001 alum. I wonder what his best 2 david salinas stories are?
. Archivists need to reach out to community, orgs, etc to promote digital preservation. Helps spread archival mission.
okay good! :)
Thx RT : and dessert. N lobster Risotto. Big enou
Rant ended. I'm really loving reading Rebecca!
dont feel like cooking for dinner call picosos mexican food we deliver. look us up at picososmexicanfood.com or call 303-999-0785
: Be weary of those RT's, for they only increase the KB score.
First half of the night - Quad Squad 167, Reservoir Dolls 120
Hi Evie! We emailed you about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com
Watching movie at school.
He also said that a $5 portion at family-run Bismallah is enough to feed two people. Think I know where I'm heading next. Anyone been?
la la la la la la <U+2665>
just replaced my 2007 Prius with a 2012 Prius V. I'm a very loyal Prius owner.
I think my mom found out about my little lunch date with my girls....fuucckkkkk.
Everything I'm favoriting today has already been deleted. I am enjoying what doesn't exist. The Abyss gazes into me.
agree! RT : Why are there no adult modern dance classes offered in #RVA???? It's very frustrating.
I take my pants off someone yell #Timber!!!
& Thanks for the follows!
(Correction) We'll have another info session from 10am-12:30pm on Wed, 2/23 at kiosk G, JC. Free cookie!!
thank you so much again for following!!! Xooxoxoox
YEESSSSSS!!! ATTA BABY CANO!!! Red Sox cant even take a homerun derby from a Yankee!
My 8 yr old god son: "my brother wears swagger. He thinks he is h-o-t."
why is it everytime I need to use the metro, there is always construction going on the line I need...smh
Best snack while playing video games? beside Doritos of course!!
We can help finance, refinance, and recapitalize even the most challenging deals. We've been doing it since 1993!
its funny how you say you hate me , but deep down , you still like me lol
seven. Still recruiting?
When the pitchers are making fun of your fielding, you know you did something bad.
Game one of the #CWS Championship starts in 2 hours. Who do you have winning it all?
It's amazing (to me) how many people are videorecording the performance.
This is the end of you and me.
Geometry Is For Squares... See what I did there? :-)
alright lewis, need a good quote on job hunting with social media.. give me some gold in 140 characters!
Does not know why people who play softball have so much built up rage?
Thanks for the professional development this morning!
checking out the gala event : )
Are you my brother on Twitter? Cool dude.
Oh my! That sounds adorable!
ugh it would.
You betcha! Like to hear news like that!
RT : #vcrushny says Yahoo is a media co in a tech location. They should move HQ to NY w Eric as CEO
haha find me an outfit to wear so we can go out!!!
Or not... Garbonzo went to live at a store here in pdx today. Can I make you a similar one instead?
hahahah no prob. I might steal it for something if I want to :)
Hmm, do you use a blast chiller and/or incorporate some mascarpone? Someone always does that, lol.
Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings, they did it by killing all those who opposed them.
hahah lil weezy thanks u playa. if u wanna see fireman check out this concert!
“: Watch and pray that you may not enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak." Matthew 26:41
oh it's ok^^ so how old are you?
Ladies, don`t ever try to get a taken man to cheat. Cause if he does cheat on her for you, he`ll cheat on you for another girl too.
I hate birthdays.
Can't...stop...watching...midget...wrestling!!! That #Blixx guys a punk!
"You told me...we wouldn't see you today. I hope it's not you...Oh my god I'm so sick," he said, about a body in a burnt Santa Fe home.
I like Juan Williams-but he's wrng to see Gingrich's debate answer as about race-young folks need to start at low jobs to appre.better ones.
thanks lindsay! Love your concept too!
At The Kennedy with Can't wait to see !!!! is killing it right now!!!!!
We're closed today, but will be back on Tuesday! Our Acme Tuesday Special is an All-American Combo for just $4.25!
To travel, work, & have time to explore the cities I visit is truly a blessing. I'm not the richest girl but my experiences are priceless.
lol u get anger out of it cuz that shit didn't just happen in person.
Hi there ! I am interested about learning about your business.
I'm sure NH Repubs will really appreciate Huntsman's proficiency in Chinese. Wait, no they won't.
The homer in me says White Sox, realist in me says Rays.
I'm quite tired.. Therefore I shall go nappy :)
Hey! We can't do reservations in advance, but we'll do our best to have you covered, and you'll always get an email receipt!
glad SNU had Ben Lowe. If he's still around tell him Kevin Lum from Sojo said hello.
At a party
you have the authority to open doors in your life that have never been open -
re: the live demo and your theatre degree...I am envisioning singing and dancing, perhaps with a hat and cane. Yes?
best friends :)
Mother nature is banging her drums HARD right outside my window!! It's a Netflix kinda night.
Headed to Detroit? I'm sitting in the Delta terminal at LGA. The security theater was impressively comical today
yah it's not storming anymore
That's what we're talkin' about! : The best Drupal hosting in town! Hard to believe how fast drupal's running :)
#FirstEdition baseball cookie #throwdown - Will there be lil #Tigers stripe on those when the #Mariners win- in chocolate?
are u goin straight there after graduation cuz idk how to get there
Never ask a barber if he thinks you need a haircut.
Brodie Lee faces off with Benny Blades.
We will trade you 10 pictures for a brand new shirt. Spread the word.
Hey all just to update you we've been working on developing our packaging with the beverage facility. Hard to choose!
Ok i take back every mean thing I said about Sitefinity just please get this horrible SharePoint Designer off my computer.
Heya how u been?
If you participated last year check your email for important information. Registration will open at 11:30 am on Thursday, January 12!!
Flash/iOS incompatibility is so annoying. Let's hope for easy workarounds in the near future. Current workarounds: not easy.
Sounds awesome!
I'll rescue you if you rescue me from my wrestling weekend adventure in Sedalia. What have I gotten myself into?!
Wright State transfer Julius Mays told Rivals earlier today that he does have an offer from Kentucky.
Home again, home again. Jiggity jig... Good to be home after a great day at the Durham VA...
yes. do investigations of random people begin looking for evidence of anything they are guilty for?
I Always Feel Insecure >.<
Wow, we broke Rihannas record already?! I swear this fanbase is the most dedicated. We just get shit done!
What's the hashtag for the diversity chat?
You are a
Ugh, I'm going to be here all damn day!
Moms initials are tatted on my ribs so she will always be by my side. Love you Mom
RT : We <U+2665> Workforce! RT A program of the working to build Richmond's brand as a career destination.
Clumpy coffee -- it's a drink and a snack.
YES! lol look at ur phone!
I'm love my #iPhone 4, don't get me wrong. But why can't #Apple let you use your own music to create ringtones? What's up with that?
Figuring out exactly what you want out of this is sometimes the hardest part of this pick up thing
Yea, wouldn't it be cool to have an arduino banner and then make some sort of virtual extension of it on the #Oxy website?
Ha!Well,I've cooked & frozen curry, soy-sauce pork stew+other meals so he'll be fed when I'm in Cali.He's set!
You are a live tweet pro! BTW, you guys will love the boxes. Huge fan! MT : ... #pto decides unanimously to try boxes
awww so sweet!
In 1936, Hindenburg made 10 round trips to US, carrying mail for the lucrative postal contract. A ticket was $400.
Your players make money, our players make history top of the table !!
Worse news I've heard all day... Adamn Lambert to front Queen this summer.
How is #Tiger helping the #Vegas sportsbooks? WWW.ussportspages.com
SERIOUSLY I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON
thank you ! :) i wanna go home and get my tan on hahaha!
I do! The ads never bother me, they are only played when you aren't using it, so far no problem.
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode
YES! I'm Stoked!
After i got off the phone with you.. My mom took my phone. The girl thought i call her a B....
Maybe you have a "smart" accent, eh? :)
- we are super excited about beer week events! It's gonna be great!
umm, One Nation Under God? Yeah, guess what, not all of us are exceptionalists.
Missing and for Sunday drink, why my girls gotta go outta town the same weekend
oops-- meant "wouldn't"
were u at nero?
:) Not yet but once he retweeted me :')
Trying to get enough done today that I can take the day off tomorrow to play in the sun.
holy shit FTD Flowers' timeline is one big apology. Hey FTD... I suggest you send people to to learn
Get home. Clean. Bruise my nailbed. Kittens fallen asleep on me a few times. #nowwatching VH1's Tough Love
CapFax rating our team's job performance? *groan*
never know where news will take you. Today: accused serial stalker's home. Out of jail-wants to clear name. His Interview @ 11
TEXT ME. 9034437277.
I'm djing zucca bar in smyrna if anyone is around
Emergency over. We're being let back into the Newseum. ###
planning a trip to RI for July 4th. Any plans? We gotta grab a beer.
Yes, but those were very balanced teams and Isaiah and Magic only led them in scoring one title year each, I think.
I wish it didn't !!! RT : It be like that. RT : I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
What's in that cocktail? Sounds interesting
Ok... so can someone tell the ice cream truck to stop playing its incessant tune at
Phillies are using waitresses as ball girls. judging from their ground ball chances so far they aren't qualified.
For DC Jazz events Follow Us This Month Heidi Martin Live
As I sit on the Amtrak this am, I am fondly remembering my last road trip with
hi 1d I hope ur day is going to b a good one r u celebrating Easter tomorrow
No. Never. BE A BAD FATHER THEN. RT : DUMPSTER BABIES
Last Sea Dogs game of the season, not too thrilled it is all coming to an end.
Money quote: a defender is being rewarded solely for being outside the arc, w/o considering the other aspects of the rules
thxs! I'm always on the lookout for interesting things to use in class, and coffee is a good topic for discussion lol
oh. neat.
down town coral gables. Alhambra and lejune. Come check us out!
Thanks to the for dropping off 7 big boxes of much-needed toiletries for our guests today!
Last time #BBN will see in a UK uniform tonight.
You cant take everything i am, You can break everything I have, Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper..
Sounds amazing! I'll book a flight :)
back at you :)
is not real just to let you know
Here's hoping Rip Hamilton gets some fourth quarter minutes tonight.
Working on an outline for our official trailer. There is so much packed into Gonna be interesting to see what comes.
surprisingly yes. It's one wanting to take me on a date. Lol and about 3 others I'm really feeling. Wait are you coming Saturday?
have a lot to be thankful for and will be sitting down tonight to write about 5 positive things in my life.
I've never had that problem before coming to Bali. Now it's happened twice- both times by myself!
cause I bored as hell
When other people are keeping you from being with the person you really like.
Rich square nc here we come
We are playing at The Loft August 12th with The Dangerous Summer! Tickets will be available soon contact us if you wanna go!
I really don't understand
"We had to say 'dickety' cause the Kaiser stole our word 'twenty'. I chased that rascal to get it back but gave up after dickety-six miles."
#blackkeysverizon Sound system really leaves a lot to be desired. Sounds like arctic monkeys are in a wind tunnel.
Smfh parents move when they want too!
Good morning ! Remember to check in on Anxiously waiting to see if anyone can steal the mayorship from
everydays #NSD theres a subway across from my school & I have it like everyday & I always walk in and order ur fav sandwich<U+2665>:D
can it be this weekend by any chance? I just gotta turn the money in..
Portrait of a Spy? It's the latest one, book #11, but it was released last year. Next one comes out in July I believe.
": If anyone is ever texting & driving while I'm in the car, I will personally take your phone & throw it out the window ...
Happy St. Patty's Day weekend! If you need some green for tomorrow we have some great options in store :-D
What is your favorite all time rock song?
I understand...I wish it was Friday already!
Rock bands sure dress sharp these days.
Beautiful...Kitty ears!
shitss getting real!!
It's a perfect Saturday to catch up on my sleep and rest and dvr and maybe even start CATCHING FIRE.
RT : Hiking is what's up. Lovin Colorado <U+FFFD><U+FFFD>
Thanks for the follow, any events coming up in NYC or Long Island?
I did :) I thought you were already following me btw I like your bio for ur other Twitter :)
Being nerdy and checking out the android us pres app, any notice that Buchanan looks a little like E.A. Poe?
Just cuz I'm from Pittsburgh don't think I don't smoke that shit
It ain't about what they call you, it's what you answer to. ~Madea
listening to the Rustie essential mix, so far pretty good Thursday morning tuneage
That's was the selling point. Makes biological sense; many mammals do it.
really? I feel like commuter flights are what make up the bulk of air travel though :/
So glad!! And...aww!!! You're so sweet. xx
Thank you, and once again I am so consumed and busy that I have been absent from twitter! I am gettin it together ,back soon!
follow back sweetheart
Also, I had to go look up on your blog where you went to school. UMaine. That's how you know it. I'm Colby '95 :)
Now Following .
okay haha wait for tomorrow then ;)
HEY!! Thank you for the add :) Ava & Loretta
I saw you on the list for the Edelman conference. Are you staying on any extra days or heading right back?
get better and drink plenty of fluids.
Pens tied in overtime. O's tied with Yanks in 8th. Suns tied at Grizz with 7 minutes left.
Its teacher appreciation day today, take the time to #thankteacher in some way!
Yo Mindless Motto is da sh_t #RealTalk Best Part: "Oh, My God, Shannon Look At Rocs Butt,Smootches"
Can't make the game today, but
good n u
sharing a great passage, Like sharing an idea with a friend.
The decline of "fierce" as an adjective people use to describe themselves could not happen soon enough.
Would love to have you on #okcshow when you're mobile and able, and if schedule allows. Hope the recovery is going well.
Really hoping that the Manchester derby ends in a draw. I hate both teams -- a lot.
please follow me back
Just watched The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel tonight. Good Film!
I can't justify paying for it and paying for cable at the same time, but I've considered it. Maybe if they had more shows.
Silly kids, I hope you corrected her - 25!
haha no doubt about that!
60 apps in 60 min session showed BNAtax app! Quote by presenter "awesome app" .
": I really want a hotdog wit everythin on it...I guess I'll go get one since I don't have no one..:'(" id buy u a hotdog :)
Happy bday Ted Lindsay
Dodgers vs St Louis?
So happy a black woman is pronounced most beautiful woman~~for all those black guys who's not attracted to black woman
gotta be honest, the rookie I'm most excited to watch is
Trying to play Monopoly with the sibs...except we're not fans of the game. LOL.
Same. We need to talk mooooreee.
welcome aboard buddy
Enjoy! RT : Dinner tonight via popup w/ ! Counting down the hours :D
Limited on drakes this morning saw a good a 8 this after noon just a little wet but I'll be okay
what's up with the laugh track? RT Who's watching #fashionstar? There's a lot going on. reminds me of Super Bowl halftime
U dont need to be tough and aggressive to prove you have authority. Authority is something that should come naturally.
A Happy and Healthy New Year to you!
Sister I know lol. To be honest I was just like is it zumba or zamba I really dont know but lets do it.
Everyone follow Let's get the second-best corner in the league to one of the worst economic cities in the nation!
Man Fighting MS Helps Raise Money For Research, Cure
The result isn't as bad. The failure on Bobby's end is. He is an absolute disgrace.
#iLoveWhenYou do the things u do!!! Ur the best
We're get missiles of heat that's for sure for the entire week were going to be in the upper 80's
It is too bad that all of us are controlled by money. We can't do much or anything without having any money.
I get really depressed when I think about someone taking my place in your life.
A Smart Girl Kisses But never Loves. Listens but doesnt believe. And leaves before she is left
Welcome! Feedback is appreciated.
ur welcome boo... :)
thats who my grandmother really liked before she died you have some great taste
I love it!
No! No! Not Monday already! I didn't get half of the stuff done over the weekend. BAH!
I miss my best friends
Though I'm curious, what gave you that impression of Minnesota?
#RT if you have goals and morals
In other news, I did squirt today. It was the highlight of my weekend.
Whoa. That's sounds amazing.
. should have written a "what if the drowning child is a foreigner?" post
had to trade my convertible Sebring n 2010 Nissan lol but paid off that baby so woot woot beach tomo lol
RT : Congrats to for representing #seattle #cocktails RT The 50 Best Bars in America...
Ha ha yes!
I'm way to patient.
I hate going 2 work on Monday's <U+E155><U+E416><U+E113> never feel it!!! Need some mud (coffee)<U+E045><U+E05A> from the cafeteria STAT!!!
thanks man! it is crazy man. Getting to play with cats from all over the world. Our big show last night went really well too.
Big Religion Exam tomorrow...get ready to write!!!
Amazing job by Chelsea RT "If you had money down on a Messi PK miss-Fernando Torres goal...congratulations. You now own Qatar"
"TOP FLOOR" "BANKROLLS" VIDEOS Is on NOW!!!!!!
thank you :)
Ha! As an English major, I opened the calculator on my phone. No doing math otherwise.
what! we shoulda planned this!?
So happy to be home
Same thing here, for exact same reason--except it's the Moe's in Terminal C.
well if she doesnt love me i will steal from camden
I love when outbuildings match the style of the main house - perfect!
HI BEEN BUSY WITH THE BABY HE IS GROWING SO FAST I LOVE BEING A MOMY M
yes every year brings new packer memories
I have run out of nose skin.
Bulls fans are celebrating that Derrick Rose is on the floor! Sure he is hoping to shake off the rust. Let's Go Mavs!
Twitter... I didn't forget you.!
Putting the final touches on Demiurge's new site - soon to launch. Demiurge is a sculptural fabrication studio specializing in public art.
Grading Papers...still wondering how to appoint a grade for a Christian Worldview class? Does this student see the world the way Jesus does?
My Cousin Is Here (:
Taco Mac is the move tonight
comic con soon
this session love tho.
just finished the illest remix of one your songs it would be an honor if you would dl know you'll dig it thanks.
i finally watched wwe superstars on WGN.. it was a pretty good show, and good matches too....
Speaking at IS 204's Career Day! How to make librarianship sound cool and exciting compared to careers like police officer and firefighter?
I feel sorry for people who have to work in places where they're surrounded by mundanes all day, every day.
My Song On <3
SEC with a chance to have at least a quarter of the women's sweet 16 this season & def champs A&M join next year
It's Restaurant Week! Have you booked your dinner at Salute? Visit Opentable.com or call us to book!
Lamont vs. Chen. Classic matchup.
Loved Hong Kong but missing home. Happy to run my last time in Asia.
Buffy, please get off my tv... I wanna watch the
not to early for 7 year olds to start tweeting, with supervision and or a intra tweet app, kids are not relating to each other,
Excellent, looking forward to it!
great job! Sounds like a rockin' workout.
Naming my fake band The Malaria Cure. So that means Release the Kraken is available again, metalheads.
Behold, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and i will give to everyone according to what he has done. Revelation
Learning twitter.
Kisses in the rain sounds good right about now. . I'm just missing the boy :P lol
My brother got a mental issue
RT : RT : Q11: HOW DO YOU REWARD YOURSELF FOR ACHIEVING GOALS?
With your Maintain gem, can you force single values for the bitmask?E.g. prevent assigning arrays: model.value = [admin, viewer]
I see you have your mojo back.
How to save money: Go grocery shopping really full
did you ask him why he doesn't tweet anymore?
2011.09.25 #Brewers 9 #Marlins 5 | It's raining outside / but beautiful in the dome / fifteen hits today
After Monday I knew it would be close between Jermaine & Juliet. I was very happy for him too. He deserves it.
Feels like a saturday.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. – Mahatma Gandhi
I would have Nathan on a very short leash. The good thing is the Rangers have Ogando.
'Don't You Want Me' by the Human League just came on my Springsteen Pandora station. This day is awesome.
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts had an amazing Soft Opening...Stay Tuned
At this point, nervous.
Keitt later fought for the Confederates and died in 1864 from battle wounds, but on that day we were compatriots sharing tales of old.
I wanna black out and be that asshole tonight
I have like 45-50$ rn. I need at least 100$ more to buy tickets to silymi, all stars and warped .-. Fml
Ideas for your smackoff call: (1) Rickroll Rome by turning the call over to and
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: join the traffic tracker at Clocktower and get a prize!!!
sick sixth senses
HOE'S GONE BE HOE'S LUV EM OR HATE EM FOR WHAT THEY IS NOT WHAT YOU WANNA EM TO BE
Altavista Soldier Injured in Afghanistan
Getting ma hair did <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
Everything I never dreamed of happening has happened this week. And im only half way through this vacation.
SEE YOU AT THE EXPO !!
M Thai food
#np face down - meek mill
#3wordsforyou random access logic
hi Gabe, I'm working on a project to introduce gamification in a large educational seminar to increase student engagement
- congrats to best actress #Meryl #Streep. You're an inspiration to so many.
Ouch... RT Portland hadn't given up 120+ at home since the 90s. Twice this year already.
Photo session on Fremont Street tonight! :)
OE Online presale tickets for fox theater Detroit show on sat 1.14.2012 at 8:00 p.m. code is "DREAM"
Lunch is almost here
Trying the failure leg curls thanks to :)
You mean "get a job?" RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
u volunteering me to be thrown through another wall??
I LOVE swallow my bullet.
McIntire always read The current President's Thanksgiving proclamation at church...even Nixon's...
I have work 12-6 what are you doing after that?
hi, my name is Rachel and... i like food.
bad bitch
Windows Phone offers alternative operating system - LSU The Reveille
Awww! Nap time! It's funny the places dogs find to sleep.
But everybody is still pointing their left fingers at Bush.
Time to switch over to the Thunder game. is doin the damn thing
If you have nothing better to do but tweet sexual content all day im unfollowing.
don't worry, I'm sure he will reappear
The darkest hour has only 60 minutes. ~Morris Mandel
BAM! Alright let me throw one out with my technology genius help
ahaha true... well I hope you get to meet him, next time I see him I'll let him know he needs to go to Finland =)
Surely you can't be serious? I am serious. And don't call me lesbian
Money is the motive
thought I could please you but guess not .
When building a city, you must have instructions on "what to build" and "what not to build".
You know there is a problem with the education system when you realize that out of the 3 R's only one begins with an R.-- Dennis Miller
I wish it were possible to be two people sometimes.
Damn bitch how long we going to talk about you?
Does anyone I know work at Mozilla? If so, please ping me, I want to refer a friend :)
I have some expired sizzurp? :) I'm sorry about the insurance mess. It's not right.
Register now to run through CityWalk, Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure on 1/29! No other race in town allows you to do this!!
When takes up my entire twitter feed.....
Galileo satellites intensify competition on the market of navigation
Chris Berman is no longer doing draft coverage. In completely related news, I no longer have a headache.
Sounds like a win to me!
Peyton left the colts!!!!!
When u out here gettin money like me niggaz put their aim on u..#fully loaded
heck yeah! I'll send back pictures soon c:
Fabulous company, thanks for the #FF!
At Beyond the Binding workshop at
When you change your habitual thoughts, it is like changing the direction of a train.
talking about #social and collaborative IT. Showing some results from recent study
All we do is Smoke and Fuck
right. Txt ? Or fb/twitter
So pumped for BC!!!
Late start h0lllllllA
Combine yelp and Facebook timelines to have reviews of different stages of your life. Two stars for my 15th bday b/c the service was rude.
periodically I delete everything and start out anew
Haha chill bro
Happy New Year from the Shut Up and Listen Podcast Network!
you gotta check out the reviews to JP's book on barnesandnoble. Hilarious.
“: this is lorens word now and noone knows what it means its "jzy"(; ” hahaha
-- KyBu I stepped on your damn Doublemint!
I'll bet the city Starship built on rock n roll is like the Gary, Indiana of musical cities at this point.
Watching Cuberbully before some errands. Holy damn. High schoolers...
Ugghhh , I'm readyy to go home & go to sleep !!
Good point. Thus proving that Groundhog Chuck is right!
What if I became homeless
“: I hate country accent's!”im from Miami and ppl up north think we sound country
godspeed...RIP...thanks for the great tools
I'm always craving sushi!
about to take my first songwriting class!
“We have seen His glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth.”John 1:14
Loving Pandora's Pop & Hip Hop Power Workout station...while I'm sitting at my desk not working out.
I have to admit, I'm very curious as to how you would finish this sentence. =)
Cowboys score TD..Looked like they may have woke up
thanks so much!!!
do they think that Wilf isn't representative enough, cuz he is, ya know, THE OWNER of team in question, lol
what is that
Good job,
had a great meeting with my new film & tv agent Jason! Looking forward to working with you!
<-----U Must Follow we die hard #Packers fans!! Join
re "stay connected"- Hope 2 include in a followon, still exploring twitter :).
Why do I still feel awful?
He maybe mad cuz of that he need it. RT : Gabrielle Better Deny The Vag For This Nigga Wade. I Swear. I'm Pissed 2 Points Yo.
Missouri River among America's most endangered rivers: “We all need healthy rivers for drinking water, natural flood protection, econ...
I'm trying to forget you but every time I'm almost there I get reminded of us
if you eve say that again i will smack the shi outta you, no joke.
new meal and an apology in my book! Start over, yes!
hey lil punk dont be talking about me on your page and yall got that a** tapped yesterday now you see why you shouldnt bet
Love this time of year! Walk to work at 5:30 a.m. and it's light out. I might've even beat to the area?
did he get mad? and yeah :P
Learning is not compulsory… neither is survival. W. Edwards Deming
I always change up my plans during #readathon!
I might have to get a #5dollarfootlong so I can fill my constantly hungry stomach without going bankrupt.
work tomorrow is gonna kill me..
Lazy day in Brugge. Overcast sky = trip to North Sea questionable. Will hope for glimpse of sun.
i have a profolio due tommorow n i haven't even started
Hey Kiddies, Come on down to There's plenty of toys, fries, broken bones, & fecal matter to go around :)
Two new banners arrived for book signing events - they look outstanding!
Just sang Carlos for a senior center feel good making a difference :)
Why bother with #paperless #office? Tablets, laptops, and wireless let us #collaborate from anywhere. On to the office-less office!
Day 2 of the week from hell. I swear to god if anything bad happens today I'm kick someone in the head.
Great interview w/ the July/Aug L Friend. What an amazing ally! She is a shining star in
search for mys tuff on facebook I made it visible to anyone (or tried to): O'Donnell Monique Katie
I'm sure I will hear them soon and remember them.
Wish Milwaukee had more radio selections!!!
I'm such a #SXSWnoob. Left my badge at the hotel - hah!
Bouta be bored sittin at home for the rest of the day like I already have been since I woke up...i set myself up. Shoulda just went to class
Mixing has begun on my debut record. I am so nervous that I'm sick. Is this normal? Should I be this anxious about this stage of the record?
Joe B will have have a wrap of the Winterhawks tonight on Sports Sunday. They're back in Portland, getting ready for WHL Finals.
Going to see the Avengers with the Marines crew! I'm the only non marine, woo!!
the ratings will even get lower D:
i'm just happy to be tanning again. <U+2600>
Shit just got real lmao oops!!!
They will be showing "The Lady Eve," if you like Sturges.
okay I will
Agree RT Stand testing isn't the be-all and end-all of Edu. It's not learning. The systems been corrupted by testing!
Can't wait!!! I get to hang with and at Hard Rock Orlando tonight!! Need to teach Tori and how to rock!
#IfYouRap DO NOT try to SoundClick your way into the game! Go find a hungry producer who WANTS to fuck with you!
Went shopping at Bass Pro today, all ready for the 2012 Camping Season!
Turns out the are Marchex people. Enlightening.
I always changed the playbook so all four run plays were Bo. Don't need those two for Marcus Allen.
Where to? Are you staying in CA?
If LA wins the Cup, the city will riot. Then after ask, We have a hockey team?
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there!
Algebra eoc today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> then I have to run a mile.
Morning World!
I know, right? It's 2:30am, COME ON.
GOVT, BANKS,INSURANCE CO: YOU ARE HERE TO SERVE US; WE ARE NOT HERE TO SERVE YOU; TREAT US IN ANY OTHER MANNER, YOU ARE FIRED.
Those E-Cards have gotten really stupid but I just saw one about Sonny Moore. I laughed and am now listening to FFTL.
Health Tips: Pharmaceutical drugs and caffeine contribute to a leaky gut lining leading to allergies. Ask your doctor to explain the risks.
where do you need a ride from?
nothing? hehe. i'm just saying(:
i'll say having looked at close to 1 million blogs that on blogcatalog that a large % of co blogs aren't good ;)
If you play Bon Iver in a coffee house. You'll probably up your sales. Z.
Time for
Short responses<<<<<
I just heard the most heartbreaking news ... Justin Bieber has been found alive in his apartment.
I bet the cleaning lady is looking at me thinking, "She gets paid to do this shit?" lmao
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Demonstrators not happy in Miami- saw it on I would add - DON'T BUY TICKETS if Ozzie stays.That's how we "play" in America.
#Bad girls club shaken
your teeth look amazing... Lol
duh all you had to do was ask indirectly :)
oh damn
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination.... Wonka actor from Salem, OR - Leonard Stone - dies a day prior to turning 88.
Eww I'm so embarassed right now my mom just uploaded these pictures of me on Facebook and I look UGLY like uglier than usual -__________-
I had the worst day ever
This child was determined to get out of this type of life and pushed to success.
": Heyy lova! How is everything?" Good! What's new?
A beautiful day for writing!!! I get an entire week to actually do just that. Makes me feel like a million bucks.
I quit! I can't top that!
Baby good shoot..good girl your dad would be proud
Strategy for OSU and 'Cuse: get the ball to your best FT shooter every single time. More often than not, he goes to the line.
hey! thanks for the follow!! we greatly appreciate it :) be sure to check us out on Facebook and spread the word about JADED!
Nate has a dolphin lower back tattoo
hahaha oh so you got jokes lol
Thanks KUSC. We made progress today. Keep those letters coming!
yea! They got her what she gets in 10 years… in 2 days! lol.
I really wish my work phone has caller id. It's so disorienting to place a person's voice who doesn't identify herself.
Christ. I thought it was just me RE: Chrome slowing other browsers down...
": Lean wit it!"[Rock Wit It] Shout Outs 2 MeekMill
Brand worship? Russell Brand? Elton Brand? Neville Brand?
About to drop the carwash like its hot. Fulltime sales job
I hope Ware is ok!
Love it
when is the new ad coming out featuring Aaron Rodgers coming out.
A5: although quality trumps quantity any day in my book
Great tour today with the Superintendent and representatives from Zappos. The students did a great job of demonstrating our culture.
Forgot about these guys. Thank you! If you have more, please send them my way.
I heard the wedding is pirate themed. Please dress appropriately. You'd make a smashing wench.
boom boom
That would be absolutely fantastic. Thanks for the heads up.
My mothers day gift to myself is sleeping in til 9 am tomorrow
Young Justice now!!!
Finishing up a monologue for class than ONCE UPON A TIME!!!
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex #ComeOnGirl my #Grandma can #Ride it
Alfresco alert! Gowanus Yacht club is officially open for the season and waiting for you to park it at a picnic table! 323 Smith St.
Mind boggling that is reporting the Madden cover on TV, but nothing about story about and Billy Hunter
Just got another call from Britney at Empire/Vector...thanks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BARBIE:))
lets jus say its a sexy accent aha and uh nahh yu kno better to suck on my neck smh lmao
“ : Dwayne Wade accused Pacers of excessive celebration. the Heat would NEVER celebrate before they won anything.”
Hurry, get on a plane. You can totally make it in time 4 #b4byalsa @ my place tomorrow.
#SAG is it ironic that #Awards screeners are now viewed via new media through #itunes? Lost opportunity.
MT Have U read Imagine:How #Creativity Works by ? (or haven't read it but plan 2!) Join in #creativereads tonight at 8 ET
Who would love if me and madison went out?!...nobody
Well that's a good thing... :-)
hey u there im bored i just to say hi
WWDC ticket in hand.
Sounds wonderful! I'm planning to do the same. We've been busy all week, tonight I want to relax and watch my shows!
NO MORE MR. NICE GUY to the GOP! Fight fire with a BlowTorch.
Shelby County sheriff&#39;s detectives seize 22 pounds of pot
The last thing I needed was to be woken up before 9 by yard work going on next door.
I'm afraid you'll call me an EGG again
Was that just I just saw in a black Alfa on 3rd in Brooklyn?
I just started following him you Stu Holden social media accounts elitist
I just prayed. I went on my hands and knees. And I said the hail mary...COMEE ON PENS!!!:)
After much hard work, blood sweat and tears, the Blazemobile is back on the road!
Come over here and make me!
uh oh. Bad news for one of us (or both of us, actually)
“ “ I'm ride for my nigga! Cause he always there no matter what!””
i want that hoe head frfr!
Too much head ache today :(
is expecting another good week without many surprises.
thanks for mention. Hope to see you in a city near you!
then hurry up lol
Dang I missed it when u came to Baltimore...
Thank you to all the men and women who have served or are serving in our armed forces. We proudly fly Old Glory today in your honor.
I found you once again. And this time I didn't have to coax you out with Mackeral scraps.
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs. Thank you for the great inventions and technology that helped make The Red, Black & Blonde possible.
You can't go with L1C4 and kick swop to da curb
Okay I KNOW you're sick when you haven't tweeted all day. As any mom would say, "hot bath, bed, soup, liquids, & lots of rest!"
lost mine awhile back. gonna borrow it from my neighbor, will dub it for you off my dual cassette deck.
If your birthday's May 21/22 you're in for a big party! The eclipse of May 20 = exact on your Sun. A month later Jupiter hits it. Yowza! LOL
Photography is quickly progressing past "travel hobby" into a full-time obsession. Normally, I wouldn't wake up before the sun for horses...
please tell me u's gots the flaming ass takin care of?
ohh ok...well you keep working hard...you will make that list someday. Take Care!
If you're out at , come over to table D-11 and watch episodes of New Orleans Gourmet feat. #NOLA chefs!
Thanks for the shout out, Victor! Would love to hear more about how you're using/plan to use Camtasia.
Hilarious!!! Props for admitting it :) RT : Thought my singing was on point so decided to record myself...ugh WRONG.
I bet vegas lost huge tonight. Every drunk on the strip bet on I'll have another and giggled as the grabbed another bud. Know I would have.
Yaaaayyy!!! I rented Battlefield Earth, Directors Cut ya!!!
saw you do O'Neil's "moon" in NY! Again, all students got to see it almost for free!
Underworld 3D with the little sister. I'm a punk...no 3D glasses for me!
Let that shit burn.
Using AirPlay from my iPad to the Apple TV is fine, but having a native (Samsung TV) app would be pretty slick. Thanks!
I believe it will b a good game
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up
You must also keep in mind that you are not an isolated being – you need the support of family that will help you reach your goals.
Playing my favorite game.
wrong on the bed ... You will be taking up all the room in the closet he wins ... AND STILL CHAMP
Ready for the circus? Mark our calendar for the sinzibukwud circus coming to Carey lake dec 17. Plan your week.
The 3rd Floor Brown Wing got a make over! The new study area features individual spaces with electrical outlets and white boards
I am so happy you liked the Top 50 Boy Band Songs station on Spent a lot of time putting it together!
love that picture Bri. It's nice that you're so close with your family.
I still love you, even though you don't know that I exist(: xo
#imthetypeofperson to sit and people watch. You can learn someones weird habbits quite fast
First semester of scheduling that I didn't get blueboxed or have class on Friday.
The performance was great tonight!!! I love performing, I get a strange high from it...
GPA only dropped .01 this semester. yeah :)
I started ur fan tag 4 us Chi peeps. For the people that support from ur home town it's
Oh, but the veggie sloppy Joe is to die for.
": Riddin with the heat tonight" Lol you alright bra? I'm guessing you got hacked
hahaha that's hilarious...it's some great stuff
I hate it when people call me a pet name in order to get something out of me
oh my god he didn't tell me.
Not sure how breakfast related this trivia is.However: There are 24,872 ppl in the U.S. listed on whitepages.com with the last name 'Bacon'
Done with the 6th grade concert with the obligatory beach boys medley and tv theme songs older than the parents
are you kidding me....holy shit. Message me on fb.
Bought the latest and albums off iTunes. Love, love, love discovering great new music.
This damn call me maybe song is so catchy....
our brand has a page set up, but not sure why we would use that over FB at this point in time.
Why yes, I did change my Facebook and Twitter icons for the #DirtyWork contest. Don't hate. <3
Come #Showout with us this #Thursday w/ | #BodiRock Thursdays... Don't miss it!!!
Killin it on Red Faction
won't follow me because when she saw that I tweeted her askin for a follow, she got so excited she passed out! ;)
u rokkkkk brent...thanks big dawg for that s/o
Car wouldn't shift out of park. Started see $ signs. Turns out it was an $8 DIY job. Thank you, interwebz.
how i miss myspace lol !!!
Many thanks! I know it should be common sense, but nervousness makes me seek to confirm - my mentor is currently overseas.
I should've gone to the driving range today
you should change your twitter name to 'WagonWheeless'.
Jaxin Hall is engaged?
Someone just told me I remind them of Tina Fey. If it had been a man he'd be having sex right now.
ANTHONY!!! Life has been so hectic. x_x. Trying to get out of school & figure out what I want to do after graduation. lol. you?
Here, here. TFA gets my dander up. Talk about hubris...
writing a paper :(
And down goes the Troll.
Nonresident fathers see their children less often than residential fathers do- damaging the potential chance of a close relationship
I'm good, just getting my car inspected! How are you love? RT : hello love how are u?
Good Morning Tweeples hope everyone has a great day :)
Love your enthusiasm!
We too aspire to a weeklong AXE-drenched romance w/ Mark McGrath
Now watching a newsreel "Florida Welcomes Walt Disney" some very cool footage I haven't seen before.
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mom, and grandmas. Iove you dearly(:
to buy Pinnacle vodka and another brand from White Rock Distilleries Inc. for around $600 million according to sources.
#ThoseThreeWords To the edge!
I hate being up this late
Awww gave me my first #ff in a long time :)) so #ff her ^.^
No, but my boyfriend does!
FERPA question came up during #soc6 at
happy birthday.;)
Old faces returning to the shop! Little Melissa is coming back to replace me! Yay! Say hi to her tonight and grab a cup. 258 E Eau Gallie
I love Gosling in the Notebook. Amazing.
GM what an excellent quote and thank you for sharing
Hi Lisa. So I read your piece some time ago; please excuse if my memory fails. But if I recall correctly, I think . . .
Hey,if u r looking for a denist in the D area I know of one
"SpaWeek" is coming soon....
let's talk
Like Culver City?
Forget the bad days, think about the good times. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Apparently Kobe is very upset with his team mates??lol *starts reading article*
that will be great
Follow My Dude He Follows Back Everyone, So Go Follow Him!!!
I will. I don't need your vans though! But I have to walk with Travis. I think.
Every time I see you tweeted I hurry up and tweet you in hopes that you'll follow me :) love you
damn right!
Who has two thumbs and is #WINNING right now? Oh, yeah, it's this girl.
": People really don't know what I've been through."
I was just informed its National High Five Day!
Love the move to get Colt McCoy as the backup QB.
love the new pic!!!!
do u have a certain lust for life? Yee
Ebert's very clearly not our guy. He never has been.
on it like like Mario on Yoshi
Brimming with excitement for May 4 Cactus show!!!
www.yeldahgoods.com all shirts just $9.99!!! #deal #sale. Check it out now.
I need my Hop fix. How much for a Bolduc pint?
Thank you participants. Congrats to , winner of a giftcard. Rock on, see you next week!
Forget the #5dollarfootlongs Revel has $5 Happy Hour tonight from 5-7!
I love it! Saw it last night. It spoke to me on so many levels. Dilation complete! Time 2 PUSH! Thank God for U
Great win by the in game one of the playoffs. Shooting, defense & the bench were on point. Hopefully Rose is not badly hurt.
The universe is trying to tell me something.
Another #graphicdesign accomplishment. postcards! :)
hey Macy moo i miss you cuzsin
Armed suspect apprehended last night on campus and suicide at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium tonight. Crazy weekend in
Coach Cal is so entertaining to watch during the game. Go
I would love too but I another commitment in NYC.
omg and now he has fleaaeeeaaaaasss?! June = Worst Boogie month ever. I love you u little nugget puppy - skunk/fleas or not.
is looking for a Controller - strong technical accting skills, JDE exp - GREAT OPPORUTNITY! Send me your resume !
Lakers stepped their D up tho
country bar love tonight in chinatown... Sigh
White is a possibility. I've had him going to the C's in prior mocks. But I think Ray Allen may be headed out of town soon.
Music is the universal language of the world.
“Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful.” -William Morris
so was that tweet for me?
Thats it, I'm bloody gonna do something about this.
You bet Bill. Keep the great content coming.
Loves the way a zombie's head fits perfectly into her sniper scope.
LLS clothing is on it crafting new designs
It's funny how Mutha Fuckas come out of nowhere asking for a favor, when they aint did shit for you ever. WTF do I look like
~ Just giving you a shout out! Sunday's Show with Jeffrey was off the hook! Lots of fun as always! It was great seeing you!
Orangebloods.com has all the latest from the Under Armour and U.S. Army bowl practices as well as the 2011 grades for Texas coaches. ($)
wow! you are Ms. Thing today. I wanna hear abt that culture piece.
Do you have tickets?
is following back : Thanks very much. I'm happy to tweet you ;)
Or family!! RT #NeverShouldYouEver Lose your friends because of a Relationship
so im gunna trust you with my username and password ..since ur so awesome (: check ur DM
i wanna be followed! :3
thanks for including me! :)
“: #ItAnnoysMeWhen ppl confuse monetary wealth with success” ~ well said...
I'm going to need more days than just Mondays and Thursdays to teach...
I feel bad for the Rebel Alliance relay for life team, because after about 2am I'm probably going to either grumpy or a really big bitch
Great action on tonights poll (Please RT!): Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?
goin great how r u? hope to see you at a show in september!
it's not a mybe , it's a yes
Ugh, why do you have to be so cute. :c
game beating #celtics/if you want to make a basket, then aim for the hoop/secret of a success/Aim for your goals like its
oh, my... Dude! Glad you're ok! Nice landing! :-/
never! You ruined last thanksgiving with that "roman candle in the turkey" stunt, so you starve this year.
yes yes I'm alive, just
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear tyler perry
to be honest, I believe that the vast majority of us are, myself included. Guess it depends on how you define it.
Two of our reps are at and the meeting is kicking off
Glad to be listening to you today
Best BOA day ever. Thanks for your leadership : Great day with the #BOA!!! Thanks to and
Wearing my gold sparkly ballerina slippers makes me feel like a queen!
Thanks for a great panel
Police confirms that the Utøya shooting is likely connected to the bomb blast in downtown Oslo.
I think I see him in the crowd!
the plan is you and I wrestling off at heavyweight next season
Can't wait til ur Tampa trip and looking forward to having my T-Time with u @ ur T-Party !
Jus made it to orlando florida. We in disney world something idk if ima child 4 ths nigga im haven fun. #Hit my line up if u want it or ...
thank you!
Great! You'll be an expert in no time.
Need beats?
Having no money sucks. Hopefully it's not wishful thinking to come into some money soon
Holy (base)balls just plunk everyone?!
One job to the next. Damn...
shouts to , one of the dopest in the game right now
Love Beauty Logic blog!!! Millie Almodovar here at Capelli D' Oro getting her hair done with Leslie Correa!!!
If you turn on cspan to the crowd outside of Newts campaign right now you will see why the rest of the world hates Americans.
Great to see #Broncos making great decisions again.
There is still time to enter for the RaeLynn's Boutique - Model Search | Dresses & Tuxedos! Winners chosen January 6, 2012
doesnt mean he likes me(:
- how'd he get your number?! And how'd he not know better?!
Bikers need to fuck off. I don't care how much exercise they're getting, they need to GET OFF THE GODDAMN ROAD.
We are not going to be at the ISS Long Beach show next week but we will have a dryer / printer on the RhinoTech booth #921, stop by LOOK.
Some people are SO weird.
Georgia is just having a lucky first half. I predict a beat down soon.
Packed room this morning at the Villanova Conference Center for our Leadership Conference! Looking forward to a great day.
Dear present-day NBA athletes: I get it. You're athletically gifted. Would it be too much to ask that you not travel on every posession?
subtitle to that article: straight from Kristina's nightmares.
Half the courtside ads are in Chinese, and the scroller has already gotten stuck three times.
Badge of honor!
like 2Weeks ago. I don't remember if I had someone check it for me. Dyslexia is a pain sometimes. I'll double check & resend.
Happy St Patrick's Day! He drove the snakes out of Ireland & explained the Blessed Trinity with a 3 leaf clover. Then he invented green beer
I have thoughts. But then I forget them like the one I just had...
get hip
“ RT : #Leo's think they are God's gift to sex. Well, they are, arnt they?”
I'm eating oatmeal with a knife. I wish that was a metaphor.
Just paid to get into fosters caf
I'm afraid of this storm.
What beautiful day
I know!! Were you at these days?
Will was so ready to commit. #GoodWife darn it Alicia... Its complicated. I know.
My wife's family is from Thailand & we've been there a lot-Let me know if you need any recommendations. Congratulations!
We better not lose this soccer game.
i could handle it
What performances are coming up that we should check out? Art, dance, etc..let us know!
#3WordsForYou go to hell.
Love to hear that! Glad you made it in
shannon likes old men and watching eminem have sex...
because, I've been single since forever, n I think is fun lol
Totally nite owl here.
The joys of losing a follower, yay
Hey everyone, how's it going?
Things not to do on an interview. Insult your interviewer.
Friday Photo Flashback: Cara at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009 - www.theconcertstage.com/cara2009.html
No worries! *smooches*
Business calculus is truly the worst subject ever created!
Sorry I missed your tweet! 3316 Atwell St, 75235. Take Dallas Tollway, west on Mockingbird, L on Inwood, R on Lemmon, L on Atwell
And as soon as I type the last tweet, I get the text message. Suggs out for the season. Done!
Quote frm teacher "today APPR gets to tell me if I'm effective or not". I love how APPR has become the smoke monster from Lost
and to you, Fred!
What do I say!?
We will not hunger or thirst anymore—Rev. 7:16a...
High quality at low prices. Uniforms, custom shirts, embroidery, screen printing, and more in #PembrokePines. A proud #SouthFlorida business
easier said than done in my case
Lol PENIS! xD my funny friend is addicted to it lmao
Text marketing is really helpful in focusing a person directly by adding a personal touch just like email marketing.
Now planning dinner...So much to choose from...Steak, Chicken, Lamb, Ham...
yesterday was very upsetting .
Got home from #skywatching at the #park around midnight.
Was Moms too?
I agree. I rely mostly on dropbox.
This summer is straight the kids are out of my dorms : Oh Deb it's LONG overdue sis. Let's make it happen soon.
It's St. Patrick's Day! How about a nice green salad, IceDream, or green lemonade?
Haha! We see you !
What would Jesus say to #Homosexuals today? The same thing he would say to Heterosexuals. Turn from #sin (any sin), repent, & come to me.
sadly I'll have to go to bed as well since I have a big test tomorrow for 4 hours :/
Health Activist #s4pm (advocate too)
I thought a claymore was a sword but it turns out that it is in fact a bomb of sorts. s words for $200.
where are you
My burger is really good! Even at room temperature--I didn't get to eat it as soon as I got to the office-Darn meetings!
I knew this was going to happen. Dam!
had to get a banger for ya so I'm linkin wit da dopest producer in kc tonight! Ima be hittin u soon as I do
I sort of feel that way about the DNC. One more email from Pelosi/Perriello/Scott Murphy and I'm going to stay home nov. 3
Friend to friend, i have the biggest crush on aka hector zeroni
Eating good protein is important but so is NOT eating a ton of starch i.e. sugar.
Saw woo the crowd at his discussion. An education to be sure. Perfect example of writing = outlet/therapy/weapon.
Thanks for the RT Fred. It so easy for any of us to forget that.
lol love you too girl!!! And can you do 5 RTs..... if you want ;)
it hurts how i have to lose friends over disrespect and drama.
Thanks, Mike
I love my sister & all. But there's those days where she can be a little bitch.
$31 Halloween tattoos at Ascension Body Mod today
It's always hard to say good bye to a loved one. RIP Aunt Rosa.
that saves me the trouble of having to ask how much I owe you!
2/5/1777-> J. Hancock: The small pox has made such Head that I find it impossible to keep it from spreading thro’ the whole Army
I have to write an email I don't want to write. If I don't hear back I have to make a phone call I don't want to make.
RT : Special thanks to JOHNSON´S Baby Cares Council:
Vikings Bill Passes to Senate Floor.
is reading Official Book Club Selection (I know, it's a bit trashy, but ya gotta give in every so often)
What were the squads?
Matt Cantlon is performing now at Come check out his Free rush hour concert
what I mean judging from the things he's said in the past oh and I love-YA too :) !*)
Plus, bike lanes here are only seen as "recreational," and not an everyday transpo alternative here. (cont'd)
Yeah it's a pretty big mess as of now. :(
I'm so excited! And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Oh yeah!! Drivin to blackbird :)
“: In the most important election of this evening, Jermaine Paul has won The Voice. #IStandWithJermaine”
You said it. I feel the same way about things like TwitLonger. If it's over 140, get a blog.
nothing happened...thank god
I'm not arguing that it wasn't substantial, I'm saying weighing its substacial-ness is like weighing a feather and boat.
Let me know what you think!
I <3 what y'all do Jaime, Brian & Drew!
#2011Memories. When I walking In the cold with my brother and his friend and I didnt have a jacket so my brother gave me his <33
I wish bitch niggas would go extinct! #TeamDazzy!
i cried so hard last night... i told myself i wasnt gonna, but when the name of my friends came up i bawled, i didnt have a tissue though :(
For us as Messianic Jews the three paragraphs of the Shema point to the heart of all that we believe.
"transfixed" IS the word. In love now w/#Cartier...again :)))
Wheres my Yellow bootty shorts...ugh
Vringo Regains Compliance with NYSE Amex Continued Listing Standards
me too. Yam's when I get shit done, fools (like turning another year older). Whoop! #YAM!
so now niggas think this music shit is that easy smh...Serena
Glad you like it!
Spring Social: next Saturday, April 14, 2-5pm, all UTD A&H grad students and their families/guests are invited.
“: Packing and going to rado to be with mom and dad. Christmas in the 5280. #travelhome” yo babes in breck, Denver tomorrow. Eta?
Who are your receivers? I had Colston and Cruz, but I dropped Cruz for Welker last minute =/
45 wit my Yeezys, 38 wit my J's. If I throw on them Louie V's, yeah I'm takin the K!
Great - we'd appreciate that! We know many people are dying to see what the apartments and other spaces look like.
I'll probably end up watching the finale. I've done that before; miss the whole season, watch the finale. :-)
Well that broke my heart
I am so sorry I had to wait until Good Deeds came out at the Budget theater #itsarecession but I LOVED the film!! :-)
Absolutely! If you see any content that you think is truly innovated, let us know! We'd love to post it!
Yo check out . we def fuck w/ your music bro.
I swear the bird outside my window just said "pitchy pete" 3 times fast! I swear it!
We're getting hate for revealing these controversial tips. Well, retweet if you think the state's BAC threshold should be lowered to .05.
glad I could provide some entertainment for you tonight!
We looked through our records & there was never an email sent to you from us. Would you mind forwarding the 1 you have back to...
Hm...haven't updated in awhile....m. Not too much to say, just been doing the usual
Sweet dreams early morning cardio tomorrow! Bright & early
Loving Edward Hoagland's
we doin good:-)
how can I audition for Duets?
omg. Story of my life.
What the camera didn't show was that #Braun homerun hit a hole in the building & is still in flight, actually still on its way up
- Trey songz heart attack....
I see. Well get ya gf, I can't do anythin to help. I'm just a guy, remember :/
I hear ya! I love Trader Joes...can't wait....two more months and I can start shopping there again! :)
no much just like Rlly sleep aren't u sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : Stronger next year. Bleed blue
No disrespect
Holy shit. Girls can be mean
Was stuck in #awfultraffic but finally at the grad fair here in #LA and busy. Come see me!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
1st problem...ghosting. PC and waiting - 2nd problem server down and waiting for reboot. Waiting is all I can do.
lol, frustrating morning commute??
So will you hit Cali tomorrow? Or Sunday? Inquiring minds want to know!
spending my Sunday doing my many projects for school, hw and a long boring awards banquet... gonna be a long day =P
#arentyoujustiredof how jb fans just hate selena for no reason
Listening to Riders of the Storm while driving in a storm is not only awesome, it is a little trippy
No--Thanks for the tip. Haven't seen it. I'll check it out!
Good Night and God bless you my man,,
We've got adv screening passes for Sacha Baron Cohen's much anticipated #TheDictator - Listen to at 730p to win!
<U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E00E> good one!! RT : The awkward moment when you go scuba diving and see Adele rolling in the deep.
Can Tebow do it against the pats today??
Today's testers, nice #job on the Yellow Belt
not funny
Storm chasers utilise test and measurement tools - E&T magazine
Use polling to get people to reflect and share. Polls keep people involved and engaged
lol..both!!...he's acting like a little kid fighting the sleep..
how would the 25th work for u?
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. ~ Miguel de Unamuno
Southfield, mi ........near Detroit
Power went out long enough to reset all the clocks!
back in
Thanks for the follow!
forget coal.. i hope you get a hot steaming lump of .... for xmas :)
Me jealous. You in NYC
Hey, you should follow me!! WHY? Because I think you are amazing and you are one of my inspirations.
WHO IS BUYING VIP FOR THE SEATTLE SHOW TOMORROW.
I'm already reaching hun : )
That google logo is soo cute today! #HappyMothersDay !
"It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!" Enjoying it for everyone stuck in the office at their desk right now! Wish u were here! :-)
Good question. RT : Please define mHealth.
Contraceptive Used in Africa May Double Risk of H.I.V.
The earthquake has not affected anyone here... yet
In-House vs Out-of-House depends on content, timeline, project budget, etc. Sometimes it just depends on wanting a different look.
Insight Vacations Announces Top 10 Destinations for 2012
i know, likewise :)
driving ur niece around for prom..Lol who cares if u spelled it wrong, this is twitter. The important thing is they understood
Safe travels ! Stay away from those swimming pools, wouldn't want anyone to know you're faking the funk.
link me up to old dot
Sounds good. I won't be able to stay long b/c of the pup.
So happy to hear from you
Almost ran me into a FedEx truck by ignoring my blinker and blocking my merging into traffic. Maliciously, I would think.
#OneThingIReallyHate is those two faced ass ppl that go and open their mouth behind your back smh
Dues going up.
Mo Saki mo happy.
im comin for you. good luck. its hunting season now and ive got you in my sights bitch
Getting ready to compete at harrison!
I hope doesn't get mad that I'm still awake. :( But I just wanted to say that I love love him. I love him more than anything
Asked how many NFL teams there are.. Her answer? 47. I guess not all girls like football like I do.
How else am I supposed to procrastinate and stalk people?
Got a hair cut :)
Laugh just to hear yourself laugh; say you're sorry when saying it is the right thing to do; let go of the things u want 2 change, but can't
great butt girl!
I had to make another Twitter account cause my other one is for my Facebook pages. Haha xD
Is it too much to ask for a man to still fuck you while on the rag? stop being a fucking pussy and fuck that pussy.
hahahaha do funny
Your going to live long.
Get the fuck outta here wit dat weird shit
thx for the follow!!
these old fucks
Très chic! RT Sippin' out of juice cups. Breakfast of champions! (@ The Grape)
Detroit will continue to go down unless younger generations take over government there.
Thanks #Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder for #leadership in launching #NoKidHungry yesterday w/ Share Our Strength
Thank you!! Now I just hope turkey turns out!
What's a "just pony keg?"
Thats it, time for change mates. I bloody do mean it.
i agree!! Whats the big deal?!?!
Can't wait to see where you make that WTM video thingy. Huzza, huzza.
Thanks Forrest. It was a blast and they're a great group. Anytime my friend!
Slept in til 2 like a boss. Now to go get Clueless, which comes out on blu-ray today!
Shoutout to promoting that hot video site IVCTV.NET - leading off with GENA My Dip In The Club ...CLASSIC class sic!
RT : so happy is a part of the #likefather cast - he's one of my favorite actors to work with
what class?
When creating effective learning experiences, one provocative question is worth a hundred proclamations.
You fuckn bitch.(:
tonight?:D like the good ol' days?
latest mass mail from the Gov. of Va. marked spam by Outlook. Guess I better opt in that address since I work for a state agency.
yes and the sun never stays away for to long ;)
Woww their pathetic!! -__- Some people need to grow up.
Still in the long haul back home
if you want to get some karma points back for sharing - i sit a cube away from you.
Fog thinning nicely to the W & NW of MKE. Now mix of sun/clouds chance showers.
In a work survey asking about our "plans for New Years?" Only 12% answered getting "legless drunk by midnight"..I am questioning the voting
All bitches like is when they get treated like shit and get pushed over, then us nice guys suffer because were not what you "like"
There's a new face in the GC Accounting department this week! We're always excited to have new people--blog introduction coming soon!
Sometimes I wonder if people look in the mirror before they leave the house
thx! love ur music! cant wait till next time you and aero are in chicago! check for an update tonite for the badder santa pack!
Although i will be attending Capitol Punishment this weekend in DC plzzz dont let Rtruth touch that title.. im in your corner
Dream good. Don't get lonesome. Make up yr mind. Shake-up-yr-energy. Get something-like-ready. —For the mountainous world, waiting in ambush
hah! gotta love it! Go Bucks!
Double fisting: coffee and Diet Coke. Oh, and I am against crime and support charities that help children. You?
Packers Game Day! Who's heading up to Green Bay tonight?
YOU BEST BE COMING OUT HERE
“Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
I don’t like to gamble, but if there’s one thing I’m willing to bet on, it’s myself.
therein lies the genesis of the new trust issues
This is going to be fun...work to midnight
MY MAN!!!!!!!! what kind of beers you want tonite, ill pick em up
Ugh all the ppl in a relationship stop complaining yhu ungrateful bastards
New "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Coming Soon!!!
Our site is back up & running folks! Get your fancy on
school tomorrow
bye! Have fun at school !<3
We want to encourage our followers to also follow and RT , , & for local updates
#ashwednesday mass in med school chapel at noon today
Getting my nails done for prom. :)
let's make it live perhaps? KG said maybe in Ep. 11
Don't get me wrong, I think you're awesome!
When laughing at me
Thanks Pauline, I hope u have an awesome weekend \m/
Ooh, it's the birthday of ? John, I hope you have a tremendously happy birthday!
yeah i'm too annoyed by the press to listen to the new kanye. i never really moved past late registration
#quotes The only pressure that you use in a professional selling presentation is the presence of silence after the closing question.
Up to a $400 air credit to Aruba. Book in July for travel through mid-December.
I FUCKS WITH RON PAUL! #WHOOP!
IT is only as good as the people using it. There are wonderful healthcare IT products, the docs just dont know how to use them.
Did you hear about the football team who ate too much pudding ?They got jellygated !
Maybe we should turn around
Huh. I would fail at that. I hated cataloging. I appreciate it, but don't like doing it.
That is a terrific solo piano Christmas Album!!
think this calls for emotion HappySad! Will miss you! But adventure you!
Get pumped! Get pumped! Site on way señors!
oh I forgot you went bigTime - congrats tho!
NO he can't.. James Jones is more one dimensional than Steve Novak..............
Well this isn't LeBatard or papi! Twitter guy for #DLHQ, shape up and don't sound like a default machine.
"Innovate or die. Innovate or be irrelevant" - Wilson fr USC's Annenberg school encourages foundations to embrace risk
overblown, yet oddly exciting....
Aw man... our girl scout cookies are almost gone. :(
I'm watching from home. Finally, fans can watch the game free of my tyrannical fandom.
woodson would probably be the classiest player on your conair jets
Lots of lightning, coastal storm like those from my childhood in Houston. Glad I still keep a habit of a backup battery alarm clock!!
Don't tell me you haven't finished something cuz the system is down & then when I say it's up, tell me you're just NOW getting to it. Grrrrr
Between 4-6pm, you can meet and in Lenexa at Kansas Sampler. Don't forget to stop by!
Brian Eno's ambient albums.
“: Two days until my 2nd anniversary. I'm trying to think of a few more good gifts for Jason.” A swift kick in the ass?
What is santorum talking about. This tangent is way too far.
aww thanks dear :) *le turtle hugs back*
Oh, and the answer to the question - Glenn Gould playing Bach is pretty damn good brain/study music.
im knowing,i inboxed you on fbook a nigga aint get a reply back
I will pray for that soldier & family...
I'm so much happier now than I was then... Rid of it.
Thanks for following! Watch for daily updates and promotions from the culturally-inspired Tee shop!
Hello Act Now Network, thanks for following.
The chest tattoo can be very painful. Awesome when it's done well. And it's a big piece of space so choose wisely..
yes it felt good lmao.....jk
. encourages AAS to develop policy and recommendations for digital reproduction.
Wanda got a man? I wanna man! Who's Wanda? lol RT : WANDA GOT A MAN!!?! AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
yes and yes
Don't laugh.
He's the greatest. just a great man all around. love love him too
RAW Heat and Ice on sale for 1 for 15 and 2 for 20 at Seven Springs! Best of luck to all the dancers! :)
#Chiefs Rookie Camp Brandon Kinnie was catching the ball away from his body today. It was impressive to see him grow from Friday to Today.
Love that movie!
"Your mom named you after bottled water!!!!" - mary katherine gallagher
Social media helps fuel AND control sports rumor mills.
I don't know a single thing about the Casey Anthony case.
ME I HOPE
If you are on the treadmill, walk at a good tempo whilst pumping the arms. If your goal is #WEIGHLOSS you must walk with purpose & LET GO!!!
Enjoying another Friday off. A guy could get used to this.
Bleh, I have an awful taste in my mouth...
I thought driver was going to retire before that tweet. I think he and the packers know whats going to happen
Been sick, so light #beer flight. Schlafly No. 15 and Schlafly Scotch Ale.
It just did it. I'm listening to an intvw & it rewinds & plays the last 10 mins over & over again w/out me doing anything to it.
sounds like its time to buy! buy! buy!
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
: Congratulations on becoming part of the iEARN Australia management team!
I'm more interested in U as a humanist. Why would U suggest I think about starting a business? Have U done it? I'll listen.
Nor light dusting of snow 'maying' NYC look gorgeous. There is a jet lag, it just surfaced in syntax. : )
Pat Barry looks like someone shrunk Frank Mir and took away all his skills.
o u mean the house dub of Shot Caller … Montana err bananas. Big tune !
I've been avoiding the internet lately.
i know you don't believe that clippers game thoss refs need to be fired
Listening to
Happy Mother's Day - drink wine!!
Today I was in 3 states (I think), saw 3 rainbows, and wrote one song (while driving ;). Not bad in my book!
Played Lords of the Silver Seas (aka #PiratesDBG) and #Dungeon World with sand worms, scarab men and hot bastet sorceresses!
what is the name of that guy who impregnated J.Lo? is he a singer? sorry, i don't have Google.
My girlfriend is better than yours
Great stuff this week from men. Looking forward to firing up the blog and working more with these guys. First up: Sprinters.
#DMFSU was bad A!!! Thanks for having us!!!
Will always live in our hearts
so when you gonna be in Chicago? We got other queens here...!!
is watching #TheBachelor... hoping Ben F finds love!! All the best to him!
RIP Dick Clark :-( A True Legend
yea u did! But I understand...I still love u
Its time to wash my hands clean of this mess. Never again, with each experience I only get wiser. . .
I don't know...
Disecting frogs in biology class>>>
ZeroSpinePain is going international.
Why? I don't know lol RT : White people LOVE Sir Charles!!!
Even though I'm only sixteen. :)
Happy Election Day here in Wisconsin
Hope you guys have a great day today
if you want a follow back tweet me :)
I've cried so much :'c
haha who took this?
Yosemite on friday night if your in the park Friday night come check us out.
Any word on Kobe not playing? I'm guessing he'll be a game-time decision? Keep up the good work Koz!!
Slowly chipping away at #Soulstorm. This solar system will be taken in the name of
After all the things that I've been through?
It was a beautiful weekend for tons of races in the metro #Atlanta area! Where did you run?
I just ate a significant amount of pizza... I've enriched your lives with this knowledge, you're welcome.
Do we have first hour tomorrow?!
Today is the anniversary of the birth of I think we can all agree this was a momentous occasion in all our lives Happy Anniversary
I'm done with social networking sites never joining a new one ever again
thanks for playing awesome music to work to on a rainy Monday. Mayonaise by Smashing Pumpkins is A-OK with me...
Three Twins at Fillmore & Haight - free organic ice cream giveaway today! Tips go to Friends of the Urban Forest, who plant trees in SF.
Thank you.
To all our San Franciscans, make sure to get out and vote today!
seriously... I'm so screwed.
if i can get outta bed ill be there. Im slammed with work this week. Will try my best. Remind me the day before. Xo
when he was answering ?`s my internet went down then it came back when he performed his last song <3
ISO: Graphic Designer (unpaid position, great opportunity to be of a great start-up community project), please RT!!
Police: Autistic children trapped in a caged room "reached their arms to grab" detectives and once free, "were excited and smiling." kgw 6
: “: the beats are pretty dope” thx pimp let me know which 1 ya'll rock with!
how cool so ur famous pretty much? thats amazing haha :)
Tap List cont... Devotion Blond Ale, Red Chair NW Pale Ale
RT : A4- Absolutely need to dominate the entire 1st page of Google for your name. Showcase talent on those networks
i won't if she treats you right
Thanks for the extra tweets on that topic great job filling in for #maddow btw
really pissed at myself for choosing Brave New World to be my independent novel.
I know :'( I don't even want to bring it up but I know me either lol :)
Lol...okay...thanks
man. that has ACTUALLY happened so many times.
Prepared for the coming Gus Johnson explosion at the end of Xavier-KState...he's due...
=( the concert is 40$, and it`s sunday. Don`t think I can go now=(
All I wanna do is crawl back in bed with E, n and not die
The mariner's bound to tell of his story To tell this tale wherever he goes To teach God's word by his own example
Brent Musberger went from exuberance to agony with that last tip-in!!!
Mile 10 is always harder than mile 2. Fight to have that same zeal you had in the beginning of your journey even when the running gets tough
Uh my big ex wants to move/find a job in chicago. Can this get any better?
heyy follow back?
XBS fans will be happy to know all podcasts were recovered and I've uploaded them to Mediafire. I'll post links soon.
thank you!
In Reno baking brownies! Have a good weekend, my friends!
Living on the future edge, read it and find out more about moore's law
It took them 45 days to get an arrest for george zimmerman now they wanna let him back out wit his wife to jus chill?? #No bail
Oh? Do tell.
I'm not very good at saying thank you. I need to be/get better at it.
There's so much on my Sustenance board that I'm dying to make!!!
I'm not a fan of Figgins, but the speed and utility type play would help here.
your like 3480398409 feet taller than me. -_-
I need a new logo*
Why does today feel like a Monday?????
thanks Greg I was mowing and missed Mikes tweet. How was it?
Vacation rental home available in Maricopa Arizona. Brand new bungalow close to The Duke golf course. Call 1-866-465-3231 for details
We have a potential new summer menu item to try today...a MIMOSA cupcake! Champagne cake with an orange zest whipped cream frosting!
shut up when you talk to me!
But I think when you start considering your favorite films, enjoyment and skill often collide.
Are you an independent landlord with a vacancy? We'd like to help you rent your unit in exchange for feedback about our product. Contact us!
would've been better if they used cats as the medium. Don't you agree?
Thanks for the follow! Lookin' forward to your tweets!!
OKC. See ya later.
I missed who won. I am sure WVU got jobbed again by refs that don't call fouls on Pitt or traveling when Pitt takes 5 step layups.
missing someone?
Everytime I watch , I immediately feel the need to throw on a fur vest/coat. Does it matter that its 10pm & no one will see? Nah
As long as I have my family and real friends I will never need anything else. Everything else will fall into place
YOU'RE SUCH A DISNEY FAN !!! xD <3 DISNEY xD LET ME GUESS ..SEBASTION SINGING FROM " ARIEL" xD
So every site we have on just went down. Awesome. Database issues.
Why hot sauce lol
Go Cody!! You have gotten big! Wow to go! You r amazing <3
did u grow up a star trek fan? enjoying the broadcast & thinking u have a 'esqe cadence
thanks for the tweet! Let us know if we can help you out in any way.
Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity
<<<Follow & RT>> night everyone & all you beautiful ladies out there in this world ;-)
I hate when girls hair is up to their ears and than wear extensions down to their ass the next day ..
But yes im alive people..just been trying to get myself together & the last thing i need are distractions
The culture was manufactured by the auto industry and reinforced by big oil. 1) High speed rail 2) Huge investment in public transit.
- We'll be sponsoring some Oakland students soon. Stay posted to support some of Oakland's own!
Feels good to be back in the big d.
#LeesvilleMemories giving this guy good buckets
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
Constantly being active and pursuing your passionate - what's not inspiring about it?
#Dog psychology and human psychology can from time to time be similar and other times are completely unalike
good afternoon world lol
absolutely - one of the best things about spring
Just caught up with last nights episode.. So sorry!! :( #biggerthingsahead!! #chinup!
drake concert?!?!??
Purple nail polish ahh yeah!
yes!!! I wish :') right? I think so too
Thankful to see Another Day!
..come on!! ASAP!! I have a guest room set up just for you.. Lol
Where can we find more info about the internship for Lacey?
So sad to hear about #JuniorSeau I hated him when he played for San Diego, that's the ultimate sign that he was a great player.
Sonic of #Baltimore would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
Great advice! RT : Not being able to do it all is no excuse for doing nothing.
I can't stop listening to the teaser guys asdfghjkl
Hubby walked thru market while wearing his redskins jacket. We were stopped by someone 'shocked to meet another fan'.
will there be a iphone5
Jack Sikma, Fred Roberts, Marty Conlon, Frank Brickowski, Sidney Moncrief, The Big Dog and Darvin Ham Slamwich combined.
We see faces in the clouds, but never clouds in faces, because we have special cognitive modules for face detection. -- Jonathan
": Totally beat after Aerobox at Aerospace gym with + Amazing class!" SO BEAT. But so good.
Im watching all of 's keeks!!:D
stupid nightmare
Almost caught up on
I hate annoying people. Omg. Kill me.
New icon ;)
ah! can't wait, we're hoping to do a california trip this year
congrats ! You've won $100 Plum Dollars to use ! We can't wait to hear what you spent your plum bucks on!
Awesome - let me know if any questions? RT : starting caveman diet on Monday...wish me luck! :)
My POL 300 Field Project looks bomb. The appendix alone makes the paper weigh half a pound. If this doesn't secure me a B- idk what will
RIP Don Cornelius
Someone got tagged by an OZ! Holy crap! Basically, you guys should be terrified cause we hand picked these OZs and they are very good. # ...
How was ? Did you get to meet him? Send pics.
Maury is pure Ratchetness; i say this at least once a day HA(:
Everybody needs a good friend to believe in them. ~ Lori Brewer
I desperately need a hair cut
will definitely check out her music!
It's bad manners to say "I love you" with a mouth full of lies.
Have you been enjoying ur #skeeball with ! What do you like most?
Baltimore police have somebody on my roof at gunpoint. Never a dull moment.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. Vince L
detention sucks...
I give up
It's an islamaphobic blog and it is hilarious at best.
There is more people who WANT it then HAVE it.
Linda Lewis is giving the invocation. Remember her moving speech about love and light last year?
The Nine Lives of Chole King<U+2665><U+2665>
Same to you bud! RT : Great times with the best of friends
Hey someone is hacking your account and sending me spammy messages.
don't get hit by a cab
i wont b online all day buti have twitter on my phone
Nope. As long as you're over 18, we'll consider you.
So were your boys cheering for the Sox at that spring break game in DC or Baltimore (I forget which)? Cool.
Beautiful Day to be working on Fences! Lots of proposals to work on... :) How about we do one for you?
Friday night Football game
“: Welcome to America. Where obesity is genetics and being homosexual is a choice.” preach it, sista!
why why why cant i be a nice bitch why
When You Have Truly Worked Hard & Strived 4 Somethin, Your Future Will Be Rewardin.
Chick-fil-a on the brain is pretty tough to overcome. :D
Lmao !! I'm the mascot!
Well we ll get them next yr i guess.
#ItsAllFunInAndGamesTil someone gets pregnant(;
Use your mind first in fitness. -MindFirstFitness
Come undone, surrender is stronger. I don't need to be the hero today...its all for one love<3
can i come and keep you company on ur plane ride? we can arm wrestle...;) lol jk.. or was i?
Happy V-day to gals & ladies!! Interviewing pick up there new album 'world view'
Listening to #TheWindow . Narrow Minded Critics I can really relate too...good shitt.
what you up to :*
I'm great! Working a contract right now, that I love + selling wine! Life is good! How's biz?
i love my music lol
Thank you, bike helmet.
So my cheddar corn chowder made enough to feed a small nation. Will have enough lunch for a week on the plus side...for me and eight others
Thanks for hosting us last night, we had a great time. You have an awesome group!
Had a extra nice nite wit him last nite it scared the shit out of me that i might really like this dude
no good hot wings in Kerrville
Odd. I'm thankful that it appears to just be a bad charger, and not an issue with my phone itself. Thank goodness!
From my sis...New for 2012: call everybody "pardner"
u stupid
I don't watch tv, and if I do it's just to watch spongebob.
Dr. Veronica Dujon made the essential point: alliances across affinity groups are critical to sustainable social movements.
Yes i'm over you but it just pisses me off how you;ve lied to me all this time
killed it just now at Mash Up!!
Congratulations. We're glad to hear he chose to Tech. He clearly has strong decision-making skills.
i just got home from the worst night of my life.
Be sure to join us at Zarletti every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday during the month of March and enjoy half off all bottles of Barbaresco
I'm sorry, but how do the #Braves get away with the Tomahawk Chop?
: also there are tons of Fear and Loathing references in this movie.
"The" tall Tom?
See you then!! #Yeah buddy!!!
congrats to for qualifying!!!!!!! Much love!!! #yeshimahugefan <3
The way adam talks about me >>> lmfao this kid. <3
#OWS | #NoNATO | What part of budget deficit, debt ceiling, austerity, recession is not clear? No money to be wasted in wars/$ WMD.
Just one of those nights I guess...
follow back.!!
Due to HVAC work in Room 2250, the air handling system will be shut down . Apologies for the inconvenience.
Today was a success.. :)
I agree.
#TEAMSTHATCANBEATTHELAKERS speedway's 7th grade bench
Wise words from : "PARTY TIP: If you love your life, your life will love you back."
I hate when that happens!
I try not to talk bad about bands, but they arnt the best! Music is our/my life so it's sad when bands like that make it big!
just saw the movie "Cabin in the Woods"....and I feel like saying something, but actually don't know what to say. #cray-cray ???
I do broadly assume people that follow me know that, but the general #30Rock viewing public may not.
No! But I would stay up REALLY late! Even when I had school the next day! It was ridiculous! I had to take medicine for it!
Found my gameboy, oh it's gonna be a magical night.
i don't have dimples! or snake bites!
Correction! It was ! Credit where credit's due
u are scrapers for blue rags it about dat red rags
Nigga I know where you live shut that shit up RT : Hop off my man, damn. Lol. ": Got big plans this summer
Replacement of MARC as a carrier for RDA, need to transition from MARC another key RDA condition
Looking for a VP of Human Resources for an exciting diverse company in the Greater Seattle Area.
Is back to writing after a nice vacation
Twinkies w. the chocolate filling (:
AJAJAJAJJAJJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAAAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA are :B
Cause god gave me u for the ups and downs. God gave me u for the days of dought.
#Imagine licking your pussy, then you orgasm and then he starts going up your body slowly and sucking your skin<3
I really love your inspiring quotes! I read them daily.
For what does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul?
Whew! Glad we arrested that terrorist.
Im staying at a cheap place down the road, but i can still enjoy the views. lol
Tempted to switch scripting languages: #scala is fast and powerful, but the syntax is ugly. #python is pretty; but dynamic typing isn't.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
We hope it was her best one yet! Thanks for picking us for the special occasion!
Thoughts become things! I thought about a cup of black tea this morning - I had it in my hands by noon. Next thought - building an empire.
Thank you, sir!
When your ready to be muture enough to love me, call me then.
only the real guidos come from brooklyn lol have you ever been to new york
The Morning After Pill sold in a vending machine. Where and why it is happening on the CBS 58 Morning News.
when/will you be playing a show in Los Angeles any time soon???
Just spoke to someone else at the bank. She said, and I quote exactly "it's because of the fraud." THE fraud, as if there's some famous one?
Women may face different and sometimes more difficult challenges in business. Some pointers on how to overcome them -...
On YouTube, Whitney's Grammy performance of "One Moment In Time" gives you goosebumps on top of goosebumps. Great talent.
Thx! Funny, I was gonna Spark you but wasn't sure if you were around...
phew...and thanks for reading it.
Dog returned "still blinded" and won a Dog Collar match over Hayes drawing more than 26,000 fans to Dome
cool, can you share on here?
Ideas. I got em.
Can't wait to watch at #KCA!
#IfonlyYouCould realize that not all guys are like him. He's as fake as a ken doll. Stop kissing his ass. Open your eyes!!
you good fam?
RT : Happy Earth Day is trending. Yes, enjoy Earth. While you can....
#raypartyof5 family time!
lol oh i feel stupid :)
Ah, can't see anything in my apartment, Clooney's smugness is fogging it up
Guess I found my answer. Too bad the episode leaked online :D
@ sydneys house bout to watch a movie xD
I guess it's better than burning a bench player just to bunt. And hey, it's the Pirates
WAKE WAKE!!! It never easy to wake up early. You think I would be use to it by know. Off to the gym I go.
We asked for that and the agent said that wasn't an option. That would sure be nice customer service if they could do it.
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
#iwca: Whitaker says step 1 is to train wcenters not to judge writers who have e-discourse in academic prose but to see e-d as a home lang
Thank you for the photo. My stomach just grumbled: "Gimmie one of those right now!"
don't owe nuthin 2 no bodies
I think I may be too old for mosh pits....
I want to have an intense battle with someone in scramble with friends. username: joshwesleep
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for listening!
I am already getting excited for next week's discussion! cc:
oh yea
I Love MAD Magazines =)
already got you on instagram
why would I go for the weekend? ... Oh are they? Least I'll know you be in town fatboy!
Thanks for the follow
I come back to twitter, and I see people talking about Alex's crotch.....that must of been an interesting concert........
What does #oomf mean? Im new lol sorry
we are going to the grocery store today in school..... what the heck. :p
We have a guinea pig who is going to test it out along with an exercise program and document everything the guineapigproject
Hispanic Museum of NV Grand Opening... The Seagulls @ UNLV... Le Thai...
"Happy New Year in Different Languages
i know im being nitpicky here, but the clip vs the Ravens starting at 38 secs was from the season before. Good video though.
Ready to go home falling asleep in geometry
Ah, but I know a fax is going to be ignored; people will actually read a letter.
I just got an android phone today. Liking it...
Sitting in fedex kinkos waiting for assistance. Both clerks are assisting customers and the other 5 customers are pissed.
you're welcome! You'll have to come back to Hana soon!
": #stella"how many left
World Premiere tonight at Stateside theater at 7pm tonight!!
it always is! And it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together. A litmus test of sorts.
lol I know :s
I need a red marker NOW!
Everyone goto the hooters in Monroeville tonight for the bikini contest!
Im having a Graduation BBQ :D im excited.!
omg stop being so amazing sometime:)
A special thanks to Beyond Star of Sandy Springs, GA for making a connection with us through Merchant's Circle.
Hey Skip, I was wondering who you picked to win the super bowl this year.
I want to be like Shaq when I grow up. I want to be 7'2. Nah I can't be 7'2? #LiveYourDreams b.
RT : Online tickets for sold out. But you can buy them at the door. :-)
why thank ya
Just saw premiere of the film 50/50 with Seth Rogan and Joe Gordon Levitt. Really good, best I've seen in 2 years.
Great Job on Good Day LA this AM!!!!!!!
That's awesome! Congrats!! :)
hey chachi i ordered #chachimommapants a month ago and still didnt get them
Thanks! No, we need to be out by tomorrow. We talk a big game about working from home until we find an awesome new office space
agree with you on ebay, but I still think Pandora design is pretty good, at least on main music listening interface
Retired Aerospace Engineer Debuts into the Literary Spotlight
Are you free on Sunday for brunch?!?! Cannot wait to go back to Zenith.
I had two bowls just now...one was cereal
Hey Rahid! Any chance you're planning on being near O'Hare in the next hour or so?
Already designing new lines for #CountryFloors. My mind is blowing up with ideas! Just not sure if any will make it to #Coverings????!
Omg when Glee is finally over...i know im gonna cry like a freaking baby.
some of those campers are nicer than my home!!
I'm certain: it is not good.
no way. It took me way too long to beat lvl 4. Today I may try for 3 stars.
making a girl smile is worth it right? Then plz follow us nd me make us smile as for it means a lot :)
It's the last day to help kids and have your gift matched by Text 4KIDS to 20222 to turn $5 into $10.
blue gatorade forever
hey yeah your reading this! arnt you;) well you should make my rainy day good aand follow me!(: <33 U!
Well I Jacked that up pretty well...
If ur sneezing and have itchie eyes RT and say me!
This race to success is a marathon, not a sprint!!!!!
My roommate and her friends are having a conversation about chores/cleaning right now.. it's ironic cause she's the messiest person I know.
Cause I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
Wish I Didnt Have To Workk
1+1=2 I'm the theory and you're the proof.
Sometimes I really hate UB.
if you can help me stop the "your user name has signed in from another location" AIM message, I'll buy you 's new book RT
Going to see what state the Housatonic is in today
It's great to be a Tennessee Vol!
Sorry changing my profile a bit before I leave by big bro
i'm an old school ChulaVistan/Bonitan ..under my breath i'm saying CheeseLake instead of Eastlake lol
Total Recall: Chimp Movies In what's becoming an adorable annual Earth Day tradition, Disney will release the latest installment in its s
The media spends so much time fawning over the Kardashians and our children get the silent treatment when it comes to child sexual abuse.
Happy Fourth-O-July from ya boys in Nemesys!
IM SO EXCITED MY NEW NEPHEW, NOAH, WAS BORN THIS MORNING AT 8:35 AM<3
K we're here.
good stuff Charlie... Keep it up! Are you a singer?
Now I'm afraid to fall back asleep
My pics better have turned out or ill be pissed.
it's all s fault...he washed that shirt
Really looking forward to working with you — Moo + Inman = Awesome! cc:
excuse me?
It was wonderful seeing everyone tonight! We hope you enjoyed the event :-) We encourage feedback on Twitter, Facebook, email, or LinkedIn!
At least and the Royals and Thunder are doing good.
Just watched Cloverfield, which I had been told sucked, but since there wasn't anything else I watched it.
we! I'm getting dizzeeeeeee! Cool, Emily!
my jam
Planning has started for the 3rd Annual KGO Beer Festival - looking for a new venue - stay tuned for more info.
feels similarly, but I actually like it and think that there is value in it. I'll send you the links and convos.
An autographed book makes a perfect stocking stuffer - only $10 and I'll send it to your doorstep. Shoot me a reply and it's yours tomorrow!
Holy shit, man! I mistook "FULL SIZE" for studio scale. Never mind.
Or, gay. RT Truth. RT : Non-existant. RT : Genuine people of the male species where r u.
Thanks very much - will check you out as well!
And I'm doubt it that I'll start working out. :P
in the past 10 years billy Joel has had more billboard hits with his car than his piano
music has started
Happy Good Friday !(:
Saturday Night! Come party Vegas style! Contact me for free admission +limo ride!
We ordered sushi tonight and my 4-year-old ate most of it. She picks up sashimi and says, "fishy" and takes a bite. Hilarious
ha ha u have a bug-a-boss???
The are a lot of companies that a bad mojo. Be wary of them.
Looking for a reason to play hookie? Take a #ziptrip to Lift tickets are on us!! DM or call 410-685-1867 for deetz
u got a dark horse for celebrity apprentice?
watched the hawaii & philippines episodes of Anthony Bourdain No Reservations...this doesn't help in achieving a negative calorie intake
wow, talk about perfect <U+2665>.<U+2665> im speechless.
Yes. u there or at Marquette game? Or are u at both?
LMAO! remember when we were putting the butter through the straw..that was a fail bahaha
love the picture with blonde hair. its very pretty.
thanks.! I am deciding what to do with Facebook.!
Happy Saturday folks! Reporting nice and early today in order to cover the snow expected to come our way...Tweet your weather photos!
RIP field mouse. You were a cunning and worthy adversary, I salute you.
Pray to God that he would forgive me and everyone else
I heard humans will be immortal by 2026.
Can see me completely ruining my toms before florida.
yes finally!!! Took them a few days, We were also without water! #windbecrazy Any damage over there?
we have got a lot of Milwaukee fan feedback about !
Doing well. I'm a procrastinator so I stay busy. All well in your parts?
Thanks for the RT on the countdown to #IDODI Global Finals!
Thus begins the 27 day cram session for the DAT
It is impossible to actually speak to someone at UPS. It's like everyone but the people who deliver are automated.
Happy belated Birthday, Chad!
Ahh...Meal from hell. Good luck eating that.
Just recorded Nick Carter for the youtube ministry!he did amazing!encouragement of the heart 2 up by tomorrow!go check it out! HE>i
30 Students just arrived all the way from Iowa State University
Who's watching SNL right now me!!! Lol
Omg just followed my other account :) I'm soo happy thxs Austin omg!!! :)
While you're waiting around for tonight's match to start, make sure you catch Philadelphia - Columbus on at 2:30 Central!
Emerald recruits for equal opportunity employers.
I am changing my name to JJ.
When you get home
-__- I dont like it when people make jokes about me. Its not funny.
Yes, there is even a whole wikipedia article on it.
The way I fixed the hack the last time was to remove this one file that I noticed was in my hacked sites but not my others.
My cat whines like a little kid. She's so cute.
looks like you had a successful event. Hope your well!
aw shit pettitte's back tomorrow!
2/4 App Special: Creole Seared Sea Scallops with Garlic Spinach & Caramelized Onion Reduction Sauce
Hold up wait a minute
Rain and wind starting to show up from hurricane Earl. It could hardly be more humid - whew.
These late night convos >>
Agreed. Really suprised there was not more.
thank you Mark! It's Dustin :) I co-own with &
HAHA. I feel dumb. I swear they have the same specials.
Less than 20hrs till 2012 oh boy..
splatter painting?
The Socialcam app could be cool but defeats itself with some bonehead things. Needs to work harder on making people love it vs just try it.
Apple Scotland....having a wee bit of trouble.
Which is to say I'm really enjoying where I am with my current #writing project.
haha it's okay! I thought it was funny!
You are welcome! I haven't seen them perform, but I've heard RAVES, and would like to be in a place where I could see them.
Sometime I love the unpredictability of my workdays, today is not one of those days.
You've faced near death situations in dreams, but you've never actually died in your dreams.
If I had a sex change, I would change mine to more
so far saw nikki, everett, mackie, jess, and walker here. and will too :)
Did you know: We're one of the very few (42) places in Texas that's actually licensed for laser hair removal.
Thanks for the follow!
So annoyed.
That's funny (:, seldom is an address a cause for laughter, and, it sounds like you are a loving parent. (:
I loved that interview. He provided many, many nights of reading w/ my kids. What a gift. Also, smart ass :)
felling good... just finish my wings... flossed my teeth...I'm all good
“: It's kinda chilly out .” word. I'm really cold >.<
It's getting hot in here!!!
Haven't seen the Avengers yet. Bad blogger! Bad!
Are you wanting riot grrrl band suggestions or just female band suggestions in general?
Sybil Adelman~ Ok. Sex is fine. Sex is good. Sex is GREAT Okay okay we need men for sex... Do we need so many
Welcome to the greatest thing ever. Congratulations.
I LOVE my
Bob Brenley is now ripping the sad bunt. Progress!
Keeping really busy, couple logos and a website at the moment! Working with the wife has been pretty dang good so far.
Donated bottled water, canned food, sanitary napkins, medicines to help people experience flooding. In many sectors In Thailand.
Vjax or Torrain Flex this week?
If I miss Riverwest it won't be for the fucking gunshots.
walkers numbers are the same as Iran's election numbers.
Ready to fail this Economics test today.
Thx for the info, and good to know some drs do not use progesterone. It gave me ALL the PG symptoms.
It’s #NationalPopcornDay! Have you tried ’s truffle oil popcorn or ’s popcorn w/ pimenton?
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH ;D
very cute!!
hows tricks dude?
nothin just fuckin tite ... my whole day just went upside down i new some bullshit would happen today
whether you will be happy beliebers in Indonesia?
MCA from the Beastie Boys died. Crazy week.
I shoulda went to school for nursin cuz i swear im bein a better nurse to my son den the nurses here
Oh wait #FirstFridays and Club Vissions tomorrow for BDAY Party ok crackn weekend.
Finals will be over soon, and everyone will be able to relax. :)
We will miss you! RT Celebrating my "last" night in the ATL w great friends. Having awesome dinner at Parish's communal table.
turned now you aint got yo lady and late at night you toss and turn but you soon forgive and forget and you live and learn then the bitch
going to start my workout regimen sometime this week
AFC South Divisional Schedules for the 2012 NFL Season
In the giant white rapist van? Okay, I see you now! Hi!
Philadelphia Sets Sights On Becoming America's Next Big Tech Town, and we are part of of it
FACT -- USA's Incarceration Rate at an ALL-TIME Historic-High as Millions of Humans are Locked-Up -- Costing Billions $$$.
dude i love n.e.r.d.
Been fighting a cold all week. Huge weekend for !!! Y'all are gonna love this scene. It's hilarious! So excited.
there's a twitter for ????? *Instant follow*
CFIMITYM = Cash flow is more important than your mother
Great Bella Thorne came online and my timeline is flooded with spams sent to her -.- <3
I won't hold my breath...
Not too much -- sign says "Southern Inspired" -- heard it's more upscale cuisine and breakfast, opening 12/1
See if that tweet was about me btw :/.
follow back ?
it was great! So many talented performers came out to see us at !
Thanks! Are you #teamsales or #teamfinance?
“: where u staying?”<I'm about to leave cedar hill an head to mesquite
I haven't yet read up on but as long as he's running against Eric Cantor, he's got my support.
He's such a little baby ugh
Hats off, honor and BIG thanks to all of those whom are serving or have in the past. God bless and thank you for Freedom. Freedom isnot free
Ya think Newt Gingrich will have his grandkids doing janitorial duties at their school(s)?
serious, perfect timing. Have mine. We can all take pics of our offices later!
hahaha . It was for a good time!! Hahaha
Sorry if I'm blowing up your phone (; goin on a tweeting rampage.
The afternoon early birds????
#family is important. From start to finish.
Merry Christmas!
Enjoy a positive, prosperous and productive day, lovelies!
You can't take back the words you NEVER said.
Hoolllyy poop, my sister just hit a car.
Climax by Usher is so sexy
Fire in the disco...Fire in the Taco Bell...Fire in the disco...Fire in the gates of hell
I hate being sad and then getting mad that I'm sad.
I'm shooting a wedding today, so it'll either be in the evening or while I'm on the road
Bored as hell #Bored # Swag
How do I reach the stars, when I don't have a spaceship?
you can grab ears now???
Who? You got me fucked up.
had an AWESOME morning on set! so much fun & talented group
Forgot when IRE was again ...
You need to be able to love yourself, before you can love someone else.
Happy New Year, everyone! I'm currently fixing up a great lunch for some dear friends. Here's to an amazing year! *cheers*
Drama lead actress: Julianna Margulies in Good Wife.
A pic of a Washington trillium. Taken today on a great hike :)
yikes! I better step it up! Haha Wordpress training here I come.
It's so damn boring!! I never do anything here on the weekends. I can't wait to come home
Librarians are over helpful. Be simpler.
I've watched half of it. I know, those kids are the real victims. But my far, how far T.O. has sunk.
Hey everyone, The Trims will be playing San Jose's "Left Coast Live" music festival Saturday October 8th!!!
“: Read Graham Greene lately? Worth a revisit, even if you're not Catholic.” Like reading Kerouac while not being a Buddhist?
oh my i was goin nuts. i cant believe we pulled that off. suddenly this is a new series!!!
right back at you, sweetie! Thx for being my seat buddy tonight, you made it SO much more fun! xoxo
MY BIRTHDAY IS ON September 1!!!!!!!!! It would mean the world if you tweeted me with a Happy birthday!!!!!! :) <3
ah ok. I thought I missed something lol
truffle shuffle
money from strangers is my new favorite show<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
i voter yeah twice one as sag and that other as Aftra
Who is ready for a fun nite of Music Margaritas and munchies with ? I am! I am!
Man salads at McDonald's be too fucking stingy let's be honest that's like going to a strip club for a hug.
So now we're an offensive juggernaut?? Uh, yeah that works!
y u lol at me
Watched the startup competition #leweb09 we'll be pitching tomorrow so it's good training
some C D Friedrich might be nice? Symmetrical, yet interesting and kinda mysterious! :)
Sit back, relax, get a massage, and get your teeth cleaned! Thanks to New Self Renewal, we are treating our patients to massages this week!
You should start a petition and make it happen, I'm behind ACME wun hunet!
Here's hoping, Emily! They did end up with a better year than last, so here's to another better one! :)
Sorry I'm late for #letstalkdance watching #Thunder #okc !
ok bet...i'ma get different sizes...i might go back to the place where I got the money bag swag shirts done...
wow! get many massages that would help?
oh. sad face... keep me posted.
I missed you T.
y did c get hate tweets??
damn wish I could but Im going out tonight. Sorry bro
Im just sayin' you could do better!
wao, lucky you!
Thanks god one of my professors has a brain! There was no way I could summarize a 14 page article in 1 page
At Triangle Square Theater in Costa Mesa waiting for the Newport Beach Film Festival screening of "Rape Kit".
I see you guy!! | “: Chopping Samples at 4 in the Am... #Grinding”
Hi Meghna, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
As we find harmony in our hectic lives we will develop renewed energy to hold securely those things that matter most. Jim Woods
Some people just want to take a stand to be heard, not to change anything
"Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragement, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things...
Yes, but I She is sweet home chicago...it will surface again soon. ;)
cuddle weather is for people who have someone to cuddle with.
- yeah I am trying to devote more time to fun...that and not get fat, those are two big goals right now...
Glad i was never a boyscout
Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back telling me I need you in my life
I'm actually really excited to move. Asdfghjkl.
"Billion dollar dreams, hundred dollar nightmares."
TAG US IN A #FF WE'LL RETURN THE FAVOR! GO GO GO GO!!!
LA all day
Bitches Like Me Don't Need A iPhone Lmao
big thnx dave
At a party where this kid just literally whipped his dick out #timetogohome #g'night
RT - #Jacksonville #Jaguars WR Jason Hill (hip) returned 2 practice Friday, but practiced only on a limited basis & ...
I get it, but don't think it matters whether or not LGBT folks can conceal their identity. Hiding it can be a painful "choice."
Did not make it. Will explain later.
"Shortly after dawn, eight Schlitzes in…" now that's the way to start a book chapter.
DJ CBreezy on the ones and twos at the ND football stadium!!!
I suspect there would be a lot of people in agreement
I don't see how you could be upset at me for me staying in my lane and doing me when your suppose to be in your lane paying attention to u!
Can it include #scotch? RT : Perhaps we need to plan a presentation that includes , you and me?
Why is it there are some people in this world that no matter how much you love em nothing is simple when making plans with them
I thought the new phrase was
Hey friends! Hope you all are available to come to the show this Friday with phynx at the vinyl! Gonna be a rocking good time..
I have more than doubled the size of my Canticum Novum Singers to perform #Bach'sMassinBMinor on May 19th.
Nice shout out by
Very Soon:)
<U+266B><U+266A> Disco budgie in the house tonight - eat some millet and have a good time! <U+266B><U+266A>
I think you're right - couldn't have even imagined days like these :)
Bynum & McGee collective height=14 ft... collective IQ?
Yup in my white tee
RT : I'm finding out more and more that the "who's who" of young professionals will be at the this Sat...so excited!
Congratulations to the entire cast and crew of the Uptown Whole Food for our excellent performance of Get Ready this morning!
how do I level up my clan?
Dressing on the side.
honestly, anything over 45 is nice for running...over 65 I'll get super hot & sweaty :P
made my dick hella hard
its a small hood but its all god and mr. rogers aint got shyt up on my neighborhood
RT - I hate the New England patriots with a mutha fuckin passion.
oh no :( I heard the #raven was bad :(
that was brillant
On my way to my bed [: , gnight '
is that a read?
Dead week is gonna kill me
On average a human being spends two weeks of their entire lives waiting for traffic lights to change…feels like more sometimes though!
we gone have to figure somethin out asap.
Well, the good news is we can take credit/debit cards now...
yay! i was just making sure you knew haha
"Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction."
Thayer for Mayor!
Weather slowing us down. Expectation is to be back in Wichita tomorrow evening.
Schubert & Mozart type of night whilst on the way to box seats at the theatre... let the Pellegrino flow...
Wow-Atlanta airport is so delayed tonight-at this pace my inbound flight may leave before my outbound! Has an airport ever had a revival?
Playing Truth or Dare with Micheal OwnsMyHeart:)
Pitt Engineering students, looking for jobs? Take a glance at to see if any look appealing.
RT : my mom kept asking why me and my ex dont talk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> cause i dont fuck w him nomore lol
and I are hilarious.
So awkward RT : That awkward moment when you realize you're awesome.
how so?
Would love to but we don't have any seats in the back since we brought the bikes. Sorry
Im nt the same without you just to let you kno bae:((
Ima Need A Refund For Thee Shiit Yu Bring Because Its Just Not Addin Up!
NC Gov pulls foot outta mouth after making an insensitive remark about the state of MS. Doesn't matter that it is sorta true.
Thanks for the follow, Oisin!
I Need to leave this building as well lmao
Got mo ass then a muthafuka
Thanks for having at your event & best of luck with the website launch
Excellent job NASA. Time for privatization.
plz tell me more about this madness later...
Anybody know what's going on around Station North? I hear rumors of lots of smoke in the air?
Live a life worth living.
RT:: beer goggles really suck
This is the perfect song for a Long boarding video.
I Love #MyHayniacFamily (:
Having tacos for breakfast every Sunday morning cus u work with mexicans >
tune in the QOTR radio show on queenofthering.tv
Of course Manimal should be Rookie of the year beast mode always
yes, I read all the books as well. Truly a great series!
In Texas we can buy guns at convenience stores.
Kentucky moves past number 1 Ohio St. Go Big Blue!
One day, I will see the world.
apologies for the old tweets David. We're aware of it and working on it. If it bugs you while we do, you can unfollow.
Wow, did not remember to say happy birthday to his baby girl Shania Twain... What a terrible boy toy.. :p
uh huh it's gonna be raining men up in 416 wooohoooo!!
Often the wisest words are the words unspoken. -Anne Frank
11 days till the happiest day of my life w
for me it's all about the drama, fashion, and relationships. Basically everything that makes up my life..just more glamorous. :)
#samuelsmithimperialstout kind of night
Everyone is so excited to be out of school and I'm still stuck in this hell for another 2 weeks... Fuck.
HERESTOALL In life, you'll meet 2 kinds of people. The 1's who build you up and the 1's who tear you down. In the end, youll thank them both
Can museums measure visitor change in complex social behavior? #AAM2012 session report-out focusing on the efforts of
They're still good.
Funny, I don't recall making that.
what happened to your Facebook yo?
totally ate dirt when bella flipped and full force bucked and i hit the ground freakin awum!
you're welcome!
Just saw video of the World Peace/Ron Artest elbow. That was ugly!
Glow Run 12/1 6:30pm & running to Halsted store. (items will be transported to store) Dress warm & be ready to GLOW!
I know UK is still going hard after Bennett. Is Cal still targeting Jefferson?
Come on ya'll!! 12 more likes to a Giveaway extravaganza!!!
Hey! Your face just popped up, so I thought I'd ask: any chance you're attending Explore Nashville this week?
From what it sounds, Taj is likely 2 play tomorrow which is a good thing
see you tonite! “: yeee Boogie Boogie :)”
Yooooo hey stranger
I didn't have any Little Debbie's Nutty Bars today. Yoo can doo eet!
I think I just witnessed my dog running up and along the side of the couch as she races around our living room.
Thank you to for another great job this year.
Hope u find her ... how is it?
What will your company look like when Millennials call the shots? Find out in the new whitepaper millennialinc.com.
awesome mag, Troy! Congrats!
I love it! I just hate when random American made movies set in the middle of Europe everyone has a British accent. Why?!
Top 5 Hiking Trails in Colorado Springs
When I'm irritated I nap...good night.
it's an inherent lie since it's impossible to be glamorous on a galerina salary.
I'm doing good. Thanks for asking.
CHIcago! Tomorrow night! Seton Academy! 5pm! You. Me. Chevy Sonic. Grab some prizes and register to WIN 's Chevy Sonic!
no u ok
Dont let it take you... Call iTAL REHAB, i will work with you to take your life back. Be drugs free and love yourself. Call me 3663923.
thank you I joined! Gotta love the name! Let's take flight!
god morning my friend!
CES in Las Vegas will showcase a lot of new technology for cars, none will help with parking.
I'm going to listen because if you can condense it to 140 characters then that is impressive.
coming back from the pool.(:
New mayday parade, seems promising!
Hey , has been sending you Enrique music videos too?
Not Sure Yet, Setting Up a Few More Plays Before I Let Everybody Hear the Final...Should Have a Snippet Play Up Tomorrow
hello my amazing love !! I missed u more!! Yes right we can talk on Saturday and on Sunday as long as we want :)) +
RT : We've isolated the Rio Grande outage down to 1360 cust w/out power. Crews working to repair downed line near Luke/Rio Grande.
He can't have the fund unless he's being investigated/charged. Unless he's not, then having a fund is itself breaking the law
anyone need tickets to the vegas show this summer?
unless of course they're from eugene in which case they get my last place vote
Sigh. I think there's a potential fair use claim in that the excerpt won't affect the market value of the collection. +
The Sound of Freedom has returned to the skies over Jacksonville after a much too long absence, and people are WHINING about it?..for SHAME!
lol.. I need a chick.. wats up man, where yo sexy friends at. :)
Now scoring Baseball / Softball games from my mobile device using iScore Baseball - you can too
Watching 100+ middle schoolers try to find seats on concert stage prompts me to think of a word from high school French: embouteillage.
m spaghetti-o's :)
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana going through bananas
Good job honey lol ": I'm trying"
Visiting my girlfriend at work. Free beer! Haha.
Hit me up for DITCH FRIDAYS..
Thanks for following and Have a great day!
I completely lost my voice idk how I am gonna do my video...
Never give up... but there's 52 sec left and #CLIPPERS are down 5 with only 1 timeout remaining.
How I love thee
Why are we the same person? Next SCALA event: Hocus Pocus and a Say Yes to the Dress marathon.
I think it is so Big Brother viewers will watch The Amazing Race. They have much different viewer demographics ;-)
Absolutely! Let's plan some time to catch up - I didn't realize they had Zumba. I may have to try that on Weds.
Is This The End of Affiliate Marketing?
thank you for being here for me, Im so thankful for you. I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
screw what people say .
The best reps
are you up studying? Lol
Yep, definitely
Taylor Gang or get the same haircut as twitcon
good and u?!
Saw speak at the New School as part of the #pen world voices festival last night. Isn't she great?
Watching our producer, Kate Ducey get her Cirque School on...gonna be shuper shweet.
Right! It would be perfect!
mr.pickering
I just facebooked him and he said no problem
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs sitting on your front porch? - Matt
I would have too. Its the only way I'd stay sane.
No abbs though RT : mcnabb acting like t.o. now, 'workouts will be televised'
so much for live twitterfeed displays...
On the way to set up for RR Day! Pulled an all nighter getting last minute details ready...kids will have a great time today!!!
when do we get fsc/fox soccer plus and gol tv in hd in kansas city?
Permanent Chinese finger trap.
They or geek glasses RT : lol that picture was funny as hell. goggles for the hot tub rly?
How long have you been working on that tweet?
Tanner is playing in the litter I just cleaned -__-
Tis why I love you!!! LOL. Thanks babes, I'm rockin it tomorrow.
you guess? Well I need some more enthusiasm from you missy. Will I see u this weekend?
I saw Lester is pitching vs #Royals tonight. They've got a chance. It's the no name pitchers called up that concern me.
Planing my trip to Mendoza, Argentina (google it, it's pretty!). Mind you it is winter in the Southern Hemisphere right now =D
When Family Guy comes on these days, I flip the channel almost as fast as when I hear the Sex and the City theme.
got Christmas breakfast
Have a safe and happy New Year's Eve!!!!!
I just keep seeing this scary serial killer psychopath who writes boring books to balance out his madness. I get it.
85, well it's not 90!
Sheryl, thanks for following me!
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send long meaningful texts when shes had a horrible day .
And a new wine to drink with em lol
More like the complete opposite.
glad i could help my lady. you guys deserve it.
Due to a wind-related power outage, I could not use the magical special features of my super-toilet this morning.
thank you so much. I love Scottsdale...except the hot summer months!
Even though we let it go, you should know I still got it for ya
locking myself in my room
#16andpregnant those bitches need to get slapped
Hey, I'm new at this. What d'ya do?
How FUNNY!!! RT : TAX DAY! Did U ever notice that when U put the words "The" + "IRS" together, it spells "THEIRS?"
Doing research for interview (for internal position) on Tuesday. The last time I interviewed for a similar position, I sort of flaked out.
Please Follow this Guy He is New :) i'll apreciate <3
Are you cheering for the celtics? What?
Thank you!
#BecauseOfMichael Klaus is alive and wants to destroy Stefan RT“: whoa whoa this can so be a TVD trend... #BecauseOfMichael”
Good Morning! You already know what time it is....... cardio time :)
what are people judging you about?
That is awesome to hear! Glad you're cancer free! You should check out - Maybe you'd like to be a mentor
Watched the Marcus Dupree 30 for 30 again, tremendous. Ran similar to Eric Dickerson when healthy/fit. Glad he tasted the NFL, tho briefly.
All wealth is the product of labor. ~John Locke
Hey Hey! Welcome to Twitter! =)
how bout or tweeting me ;) <3
About to begin July collection period, will announce this month's charity soon. Stay tuned and be ready to send them your $1 donation!
Data data everywhere, and not a thought to think!
Girls who put they buisness on twitter most likely will grow up to work in a Post office
Where is our scoring touch? #Bruins getting many more scoring chances then the Wild but can't get the puck in the net. Let's go, B's!!
I was just in an Off Broadway Show that took place in Terlingua. Closed on Friday.
I'm tired of Chris picking on me.
I thought maybe it was one of those pics where there's something nasty hidden. Like a cockroach hiding behind the bun.
Loving this presentation by / about optimizing WordPress. Have several docpages open at the same time. :)
What a great night. Missin my hubby.... But partying with the neighbors is a nice distraction!!
Will do!
I'm still full from that
I'm so excited I can't stand it! #beach bound
Ok, so alot of u are wonderin WTF happened, if u want the fict. Version go to my band page, silk flamingo & the beat! Become a fan!
NeighborCity is hiring Account Execs & Customer Service in San Francisco. Comp. Base Salary, Commiss and full benefits. DM me for more info
What is Ty Lawson doing...
All good points. I would just hate to bore my reader, though I don't think that's really an issue. :)
Hi Bradley, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived Follow 2 DM?
it was a little awkward, but call it "twam" from tinychat. Check out #schoollibraryexchange if u get a mo! Simon
The Holy Grail marketer question: How do I know what I did online actually worked offline?
Ok, the 2 week break for TVD was fine, last nights made all up for it!(:
Hey, you're welcome! Hope you dig it!
i got food poisoning today. i don't know when I'll use it though.
Rehearsal in the 87501 tonight!
The ONLY good thing about a long bus ride is catching up on podcasts. , , , distract me from lumbar pain!
Loving on his show Flea Man! Makes me excited to go to more flea markets this summer!
Fayetteville State showing their virtual desktop (win 7) running on an iPad
If you see a person crying, don't say or ask anything. Just give a hug to the person, since feelings should precede words.
and is apparently looking forward to rnd 2 of our #SpanishTragedy off. 'course my memory of first one aren't clear.
Thanks for responding to our tweet, Qlove. Will you play at my next BBQ?
why so blue panda bear?
Taking shots throne is unwise especially when u are unequipped with the talent and intelligence required to complete the task
Wanna smell like a ginger biscuit?
renowned digital marketing skillz :-)
Lotusphere sadly comes to an end. I left Orlando with a lot of great new relationship, a brain full of knowledge and a Ton of schwag!
A special #FollowFriday to my family: , , , ,
man we haven't had SBB in months. Latner and I have failed the tradition.
For the record, this thing is crazy and assumes every games I've played for the last 5 years happened in one afternoon. Yikes!
Fun Fact: Jamie Moyer pitched 141 MLB games before his current team, the Rockies, ever existed (h/t )
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: cat happy the two roommates are finally home together so he doesn't have to fill in the role for the other.
hey you have pretty eyes
LOL. You know, that could be taken to mean he calls at the same time. You're just taking a different approach. ;-)
it's saturday in athens and gameday in phoenix. lets go
Click your heels and think of me...chick-a-boom
Cubs, Yankees, Red Sox...yes, there are. He's as good as gone - which we all knew years ago, anyways.
Happy VALENTINE'S DAY. Appreciate that special someone!!!! And always remember to Love yourself!!!
Dose any body know when Black Gold will be in the U.S.
Got be at doctor at 3
Currently tweeting on a Samsung tablet. These thingsare sick.
On the #mosquitaymari set today. Lots of pixies and fairy dust everywhere!
Visual COM and COM theory. I'm done with the semester and literally counting the hours.
Wait same number right?
THX X“: Want to smash my computer everytime i try serach and get this user does not exist *sigh*”
Happy 5th Birthday kidrauhl. We beliebers love you. <3 I hope to meet you and I hope you follow me. :)<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Austin is the reason why I smile everyday (:
WHO IS ONLINE?? FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT I'll RT AND FOLLOW YOU. TWEET ME
hey i have to have to go. i promise i will get you those 2 followers tomorrow! :)
we're all cunning linguists?
You know it! Let us know if you need any Best of Philly BBQ!
Bianco is overrated, but Cibo always satisfies. Or il Postino.
I took a class on the whole conflict. children was used as case study for media spreading a very simplified/naive message
Really? Really? Really? you really have Saint Mary's in the NCAA championship?
follow me
Whats been up Bro? Check in on you for a minute...
We're going first.
brunch brunch brunch
Say it isn't so, Steve! Seattle Thunderbirds to introduce Steve Konowalchuk as head coach on Thursday.
Only three days to go. Vacation time awaits.
RT: talk less, say more. think that was Ben Franklin ;)
I bet there are more people tryna make it with musik then anything else in the world. I love the
I wanna go shopping
Glad to hear it. See you next time!
RT : #Follow we gonna b giving away exclusive shit @ #SoWhoppedSaturdays. must b a follower
I've done that train ride three times though and it's always worked out well.
catalogers are machines.
right! Durant stayed in the gym year round working
Only 20 people in the "Follow on Twitter to Enter" #contest. RT for your chance to enter #raelynns 10 minutes early 2nite!
your broke mah car ! *in voice* hehe.
like Mike said hes pretty close!!
lol that's unfortunate, where you from?
On the lite rail on the way to a meeting with writers/director...almost there.
can you swing by my house and grab a few things on your way, please? :)
They about the oldest team on the NBA
Pretty sure my gaydar is spot on when it comes to 3 year olds.
Speaking on 3-9-12 @ ACFE Lehigh Valley Chapter on Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough to Battle Fraud. Go Crowe!
Monday night see u guys ;)
is looking strong #LaJollaHalfMarathon Go Team Go!
@ rehearsal getting it in. Hey you don't make the cabbage unless you do the homework and are prepared.
Your welcome
Hey no problem, glad you asked. Let us know what u think once you've raced next year. Love to hear feedback!
Bummer news....but as bad as it's going to be, I'm still going to continue supporting the
What he said. RT : Not just ANY beer. You know you're having a good day when beer starts following you.
But besides that, ME shall stand as both one of my favorite game franchises & one of my favorite fictional universes.
thanks for coming by for a pie today! Always great to see you getting your street food fix.
^ Mower Than a Greeting Card My friend Mark and I work in a lawn-mower-parts warehouse. Somehow Mark got the idea that his wife did not...
ChaChi did you cry when they talked about angles mom ??? I know I did
*Sad face* =( aw maannn…
great picture
Party party with
i criously hate MICK..hez such a cheat..anywayz i dnt blame hm.
n I wish that was the reason! We freeze in #overlookcanyon huh n ??
2011.09.07 #Cardinals 2 #Brewers 0 | Lose to Carpenter / Morgan loses temper too / Lose series to Cards
Last Morning in Springfield... Gotta catch those last Sun rays before I go home :(
So true. have you checked their iOS app? (safari, not native)
#Australian Open tennis all night!!!!
sounds like someone i know ....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My new girl > u
Floyd has proven this Over & Over GOAT STATUS
"Today's #medical #assistants are more than sideline players." via
American Idol - Erika in the bottom 3 is a total mistake. Heejun was a good call.
Just heard Done Club rant Chipmunks-style for 1st time. Classic. Can you do Scooby-Doo?
So I just watched ur beauty mint review *late I know* I had trouble with my skin too, and I have a suggestion. I looked up the...
thank god we weren't near any goal horns tonight. Would have fought someone.
how do you open your season one week and then the following week you return back to spring training? - dont get MLB.
I've officially joined the ten million people in America who own the book
Gimme a fly beat and I'm all in it.
want to invest in your future? i am helping people get involved with old us coins.. get @ me for more info.
WootRT : Just saw 's senior show. Great bit of work by her. I can't to see where she goes from here.
Hey, thanks so much for the '50s home RT! :D
Did you notice , who sang the Brit anthem at the London Game? She had everyone's FULL attention.
Test drove a rodded GTO today. Was very fast.
Ok u only wanna b around me when u goin through shit ya know wu bitch please i dnt have time for ya shit k thanks but no
Enjoy, and remember that cultivation should be appreciated! Remember that whenever engaging with the youth.
I've been good. Working on a new book and trying to outsmart my 5-year old daughter who questions everything I say. LOL.
hahaha this is true ;) i might just have to go
Why is it that I always know exactly what I want... and NOBODY MAKES IT. Ugh.
Forgot how much I loved watching "The Cosby Show" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Oh, won't you fill me up (fill me up), coffee cup, baby, and I'll drink it down...
I'm addicted to juice.
Thanks! Appreciate your support. When we receive our we'll have to bring them into and hack at them!
I'm Watching Highlander In It's Entirety, for The First Time!
haha yes ma'am I'm sorry
breathe carolina for the rest of my life
I hate posting pictures of just me onto facebook. Its so intimidating, idk why :P
> girls always have something to prove. Sit down somewhere
forcing myself to change a lot...like becoming more domestic.
you too
It's pouring here in downtown Austin. Great day to stay indoors and watch college basketball and independent films!
Looking forward to seeing the new office and hanging with tonight!
Companies will work together to make money. Collaborative consumption principles.
Tom Barrett calls on Gov. Scott Walker to debate 4 times before #wirecall on June 5, Walker not yet responding to request
We talk so much texting or on the phone but in person we're like strangers.
Just to big of a hole to climb out of in this game being down 13 at the half!
Huzzah! And now we are officially rolling with the html (5) doctype & XUA-Compatible meta tag.
~The Illusionist w/ Ed Norton
God I am so confused. They need help. We need to pray for these Grizzlies quickly!!! Smh. Come on
Son, but Aleshea is looking all KINDS of FIONE in her new avi... she the dark-skinned friend that look like Michael Jackson!
Down for three hours.
Absolutely loved The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. Superstar cast, gorgeous shots of Jaipur, India and ultimately, a lovely story...
Kez and I are beyond thrilled to hear this! (Also, hi!)
I appreciate that things are being set in motion for my unfortunate events at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago!
Does your bro, Jordan, got a Twitter?
For those who read in dim conditions & bright sun, mirasol displays feature an integrated front reading light that adjusts to ambient light
oh I freaking love LA, we are moving there in the next year!!! You will have to visit once we get there ;)!
rope cuz I'm drinking n u aren't
I'm so glad I don't enjoy talking to you anymore... Because you don't talk to me anyway
Hello guys! :* Tweet us! how was your day?
The PAST says, "Your Life is Over." but JESUS says, "In me ALL things are made NEW."
Yes I am! You should... #TopChef #SanDiego style!
Evening all! How is everyone?
Half tempted to go jump in the pool... Hm.
Trending Topics I want to make happen
Spring football season
Dude your fucking backpack belongs on your lap not my ribs -___-
ones, not zeroes (and world peace)
Why are you constantly taking pictures in your bathing suit at 8 at night? Late night swim in your bathroom cause you dont have a pool..
The morale boost, sure. Economically, not necessarily. Very weary of those claims.
its all good we love u but catch us Live Tonight at Capa High School for their Glow Party at 7pm so come get it Live!
Hard to hear, feel like I grew up with him.... Rest in Peace
Im Meant Mikey hah my bad
match them???
How was your #TRX class? Are you sore yet?
I'm a terrible person to argue with
Mow the lawn or watch the Pens? The grass can wait!
you flatter me... and I love it!!! (yeah... I've been having fun with the mustache!!!)
Cash Clown Clown House Ent. Presents Cash Clown Tha New Host/DJ At Larrys Villa Come Flirt,Gamble, An Drink Open 24hrs FREE Addmission
Some wonderful images. I'm trying to comment but it won't let me. I'm not sure why.
you were amazing!! So glad I heard about your performance last min and it was so great!! Better be in youtube!!
Congratulations to all! And hugs to you DP. xo
Today is the 2nd Day of the "12 Days of Andaluz" All Jewelry is 20% Off, so stop in & say hello.
Now you just made me sadder than I typically am about the fate of the Sonics.
yess and that red shirt looks so pretty! Want your clothes lol
Thx, Janet! She glows in my head. Susan
Memphis in May here I come !
S/O for puttin together a great vibe for the bbq. Aint nothin like good food, drinks and company. Letsgitit
BRC gate opens in 127 days. The Man burns in 132 days.
This may force ABC to renew so another network doesn't get it. Either way, it's looking good. Holding my breath until official!
Thanks Eric. Lots to transcribe! ;)
Nice! Thanks for the mention in your story !
Miami won!
doesn't it seem like sirius has the same 4 or so djs across almost every channel?
life is worth living
how true!
Or, she's channeling Kobe Bryant.
High hopes for tonight... never disappoints.
thanks Mason - you gotta get all the freshmen to come down !
Do the next right thing.
it's lunch time...myfitnesspal.com awesome!
Did you know Seattle's community information line 211 and can help people find shelter and basic human services or assistance.
I used to love this show but now its terrible. It needs to end. RT : Fashionistas can breathe again, Gossip Girl was renewed.
"A loving heart<3 is the truest wisdom." ~Charles Dickens
LOVE Adele!!!! Congrats....Fierce Talent!
HAHA, damn you want swag bad! RT : anytime keep it up and tell he better not let me down :)
Pumping out new songs like a neon leopard. New recordings coming atcha like moon rays. www.Boulevardoftheallies.com
Thank you for participating in the raffle for the Bell Model Helicopter! We will announce the winner at 5 pm today.
wow.. I spent like 1 minutes. haha I didn't have much homework (:
anyone in #NYC not as worried about #hurricaneirene as I am?
Thanks to my fabulous boss for hosting a great work retreat this weekend in #Chicago! Trip of a lifetime.
Dreams are illustrations from the book your soul is writing about you. Marsha Norman
just surprised me at #Mcsorleys there are going to be some shenanigans tonight
Rdm Fact: When ur approaching to the peak of the Tram you can still see plane wreckage from TWA flight 260 which occured February 19, 1955.
whats everyone doing on this fine wednesday
Graduation is 111 days away!
1 prestige usually Takes about 20 hours to get ..level 15 equals about 13 days of playing cod lol
as you wish..
Just disapp I didn't get 2 my menstrual cup line in callback. Damn!
congrats! you made it! can't wait to read more about labor and
Fuck liers. If you catch me in one. Then its fuck me too! lol
Happy Easter!!! Its Me... ALEXIS TODD.. Follow my page... I WANT 400 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH MY GOAL..
oh okay I'm down sometime this summer!!! Mom said you were trying to get her to go with you?
SENT YOU A DM PEACH :)
It's pretty sad that the fact A Rodgers being here is more exciting then the game itself.
love is a battlefield, I'm willing to go to the frontline & fight for you!
Petition #thevoice to bring back How is it REAL talent gets eliminated & we have to hear "Walk like an Egyptian"?
Excited for Teen Mom 2 Season Finale
Not sure why Oracle would want WebOS, IMHO that move would dilute their Java strategy
Never switch up your game to have em flow in, you'll have the wrong ones coming in
Thanks for the mention - Buy safe toys this holiday season!
"It sounds like a man walking on snow. But it's my heartbeat." Cara on how the world sounded while she had an ear infection.
Im a HUGE pyschobilly for those of you who dont know. It kind of runs in the family!
And you know this! Here's to hoping you don't have to spend two hours in a Pepboys waiting room like we did.
I think even the honey badger cares more than Chen does!
It will be epic. (I don't know any words that rhyme with epic.)
Yesterday, these boys came in to use the library computers. "Entonces, maricon," one of them kept saying. "Pendejo," he called his friend.
At PortlandBazaar.com. Great place to pick up Christmas gifts!
I love putting on shirts fresh out I the dryer. They're so warm(:
So pretty here in Ottawa :-) off to Montréal this afternoon!
Don't hate the player, change the game
Yes, the #UMBC library is even open on beautiful days like today! Open until 6:00 p.m. but the RLC is open 24/7, just like our website!
I think it is time for the first real bike ride of the year!
When I walk in she gon' be on my dihh
i see everyone talkin bout how you follwed them or tweeted them and im jus left out cuz none of those things happend to me <3
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> love you holland!! Hope you have a wonderful dayy :)
Re: You profile. IdM as in intelligence dance music?! That's my all time favorite too!
what is it?
Coming to a Location Near You: Civil Unrest
That's a tough one, but from what I'VE tasted of desire, the end of the world tastes like caviar.
thunder is a magnificent dancer
wait, Chris Evans is the Human Torch & Captain America...?
OK, the British have the right idea...looking at my home and work To-Dos for the weekend, I need a butler.
The fact that my dream last night included carrots elephants and paper bags, makes me wonder what else I dream about
Your mother is all of those things as well. Oh and you smell bad.
Your first mistake was leaving me... your second mistake was giving me the chance to realize I could live without you
Hungry for work? McDonald's looking to hire more people on a single day than ever before. Story at 5:30 on
Oh good. So at least it wasn't a dry form of humor.
Per Manny Delcarmen's FB page, he subscribes to "I Can Find 1,000,000 Yankee Haters by Opening Day" -- too bad he's now with the Yankees.
Yes! This compresses to an image the mind takes in without having to stop, parse and process.
don't want to pay taxes? don't drive on the road, use the electric grids, books from the library - your house burns down, you're on your own
I need a new #job! Whose hiring?!
Make It Rain Chick!!
wrote three songs today!
not sure if you like hip hop, but if you do you should check out my music sometime.
i get it that you would have lots of followers, but to only follow ten is using social media for all the wrong reasons. for shame
glad to hear it went well! And that other people are seeing what a PR/Social Media rockstar is!
My pleasure! RT
..incredibly gifted, I concur however..
cool what kind do u like? :)
Leo Roudys shared the challenges of optimizing the reverse flow of products & ewaste How 2 motivate consumers?
Preparing to see Father Peter tonight in Milwaukee
Helpp how can I get my hands on Weeds season 6? Reward if found
Gotta love early morning baseball.
Hi friend.
I think they're becoming more socially awkward & therefore reserved-they're finding their voice online but losing it F2F
GREAT! Som I can come over
RT : See the #characterinterview with #Dracon, from #SonsoftheDarkMother--at Full Moon Bits
that is terrible news.
"A Rude Awakening" is putting it lightly! We were all up tweeting about it... thinking it was an invasion!
“: How about this weather Cleveland...pretty pretty nice! #amiright” is that a Larry David reference?!?
#Personofinterest is in my old 'hood in New York!
My tweets for the next hour will be for
So there. Looks like it is going to be a good conference. You definitely need to be there next year.
Again, I know its only 4 games into the season, but the #brewers bullpen needs to step it up.
yeah pics for me. If anything ill gain weight.
Mine is Bebe Dahl from "For Your Eyes Only."
We had a great week at H&T. Thanks to all our loyal customers!
Meck has 628k voters, Wake has 612k. Roughly the same difference as population. cc
Tonight was funny though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
is the man! thanks for the airmattress!
It could have ended worse, actually. It could have been the Penguins. Thanks for a good season,
They only aknowledge you if you're dead or in jail
His voice & his face, just adsnxcnvdfkSEXmcnl;vksjf;s
we could handle Baylor no problem. They can't outscore us and they don't pose any matchup problems. MSU... Thats worrisome.
I want some chicken salad.
We at GlobalCrucible are in the process of re-branding our website and we are opening up our new site soon to sustainability (Eco-conscienc…
We'd be happy to make you some crab cakes-- come on by sometime!
Q: Business influencers? A: higher risk game, need proof points when choosing a business partner
Yup, about 5 min, mandatory
but don't you wish someone would put a jet engine into a Hyundai?
Karma and Kismet got married. (I got to be a bridesmaid!) They're daughter, Destiny, is lovely!
Party Time!!! Awww >< at my house >< 7.00 pm!!!! remember
- thanks for the advice
why r u awake?
Thanks, Kevin! Never had so much publicity in my life...
Thanks for the info!
thank the Lord. I seriously almost called Christy freaking out, haha
Custom Full Color Mug Printing at NYC Printing 123. Create your personalized photo mugs with your own photo, logo, or graphic. Call now...
Just getting in from the Narroway Theater and Love Story show w/Blue cast. Thanx 4 letting me b a part. Teresa, it's all yours 2morrow!
A loud cat call must be a prerequisite for all NYC construction workers. Are my sweatpants and fleece really doing it for you?
BAM! MQA Phase 2 synthesized comments are polished and awaiting review. Admittedly, it took longer than I thought, but I'm pretty happy w…
Please tell me that Papelbon signing with the Phillies will get us a rewind of the Antoine Walk-ah bit!
Listening to Simon & Garfunkel this am. Yes it's dad rock, but know what else? It's pretty damn good
haha, I ordered good food this time. Food network was in there filming.
Why does snooki have a E! True Hollywood story? Either way I am still watching it.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Beautiful day in MN for soccer-any ideas how to block out parents screaming at the 3rd graders like they need to be Olympic gold medalists?
RT": shoutout to all the people with time warner right now. lucky biotches."<--Not when the Cowboys play on lol
Nice RT : Cowboys should trade for Tim Tebow as their closer. Tony Romo plays first 55 minutes, Tebow plays the last 5 minutes.
SATURDAY @ EAST END-NAPALM BEACH FINAL PERFORMANCE
well I appreciate it
": Did I wear the vest to be Houdini-ish? You bet your Houdini I did. #decoded" Thank you Brad for a great show!!!
ONE-LINER: Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
wat it is jus swag up
Everyone should follow He will make you laugh with his tweets & his videos. <3
Learn something new everyday - that's interesting, due to the vicinity of brewkettle and the fat heads brewery
thanks so much! Repost our song to your page if you get a sec! (YouTube darling this is just the beginning)
For your crazy days why not try some Crazy Bitch Tea? Bath & Body Bistro carries it and swears by it. Curious? Call us at 505-480-4425.
It's way too hard for me to handle my shit with this weather I just wanna go back to sleep!
at what point do Mavs fans get tired of being ABUSED by opposing centers?
did you like the movie?
playing out for the first time in a year and a half, running two workshops, going on a short trip... Good stuff! How are you?
Stress makes your hair fall!
My floor is spotless been vacuuming for 45 minutes ....little intense at the vanetti house...go cards
the post is good <3 shud i come to school in rainbow sox ??
It doesn't matter what color your hair is...people who love you do so for who you are, and what you bring to this world.
Exactly, but he started this back in February, I think he opened the gate & walked through them. Now its time to play in the house
lmao im sorry
did y'all notice there weren't any midwest crews this season?
RT : On this subject, I'd be curious to know if social media is a topic that comes up in residency interviews nowadays.
Andrew ( ) is opening today with 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9. Come down for fun and sun (minus the sun).
Don't blame me for walking away. I can't afford another heartbreak.
Seeing a cabin in the woods tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Harry Potter. Or James Bond.
Most surprising stat to me is that the Cats got the lead at half without a 3, 0-3 from beyond the arc.
Why not? Outsource them to volunteer alums is one common approach.
haha! this wknd you are catching up on everything! i want that croque madame sandwich, again O_o
A big thank you to our #SOTYawards judges Michelle Lamb of , of & 's !
And... we're open!
TODAY: Food Truck Tues from 11-1!Vendors: % of sales goes2the food bank!
Assuming Gasol doesn't play, I need to start 2 out of these 3: JJ Hickson, AntRand or Ed Davis. Any thoughts?? Thanks!!
water taxi FTW!
We are exhibiting next week at the conference. Will you be there?
okay, so that last tweet happened but then it didn't... but agent Mulder is dead. yeah, what?
Missed last night. But slept pretty damn good haha.
Despite the inaccuracies, you're both in the "top 30 to follow" and both trending up. :)
Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
How badly do I not want to work on this chapter? I'm currently writing a conference paper that I won't deliver until March 31.
the one rehearsal went good, but i think it'll be too long, maybe my nerves will shorten it, haha :P
Huge bachelor party last night. Asked if they could take a picture with me and use my hair as a stache. #bartenderchecklist #gladicouldhelp?
Sorkin should have brought an ensemble on stage so his speech could exploit fast cuts and over-talking
that sounds like "if she smokes, she's actually a tranny who is going to assrape me
I'm just gonna send you a bunch of tweets until you reply... WHY YOU NO RESPOND MARKY
is phenomenal. Best part of
Time to come back!
I'm not on Fb that much... But imma go look now ;)
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
Imagination=intelligence having fun!
I am also a big believer that print will never die, merely that our strategic use of it will change.
On the other hand, people tend to overload pizza, so measurements in the name of restraint may not be a bad idea after all.
SPAZZING is cool as long as it isn't at someone else's expense. SPAZZ ON!
Professionals Guild New Years Eve Blast at Hilton Concord, Ca has comp food/drink tix, champagne, live, band, casino, more
The first 3 quarters & 9 mins were terrible. But man, this last 2ish mins have been awesome.
RT If you like my twitter
Would you happen to have a sample doc that you could share?
lmaooooo why are you fronting so bad on twitter
“ You should NEVER feel as if you need a man or woman in your life, sometimes you have to enjoy your own company”
lol, I said the same thing
So! I go to post on my friend Jessica's wall and lo and behold there is a pic of you with her baby!
<<<<<Watching the
Yummy goodness Acai smoothie for lunch :]
I have a song called "SMB" .. I should rename it to "Lakers fuckin suck"
ha, I already stuffed my face and I need to take a nap! Just think, you're saving your waistline :)
Becos I suck at bowling
I like Obama's tie the statement: "we don't need a constitutional amendment to do our jobs" I disagree with the "we don't need more studies"
5,000 Business Cards $99 Special - Full Color both sides with UV Gloss Only @ www.Rushflyerprinting.com
May is Foster Care Month! Thank you volunteers for making a BIG difference everyday in kids' lives
I thought you were tall!!!
Waiting to see a tweet from
Im about to hitt them back up to confirm my spot!
Interview w/ canceled. So things go. CAPS Hospitality Meeting at 3 next on the #chamber agenda.
It doesn’t matter where you are in life, what count is where you are going- InSpotter app
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
No matter what my plans are, Saturday will always be my sleep in day. woof.
lol I love your bio too!<U+2764> stay classy, never trashy!
Good fighting back boys!
dying. this could be my last twitter ever. such a short twitter career.
i hope so.
Leavin Here n a bit <3
well where am I suppose to send this mail to? The cow mail box is not appropriate any longer.
bout to go to school and do community service in da park!!!! LADER GUISE !!!
Packers receiving corps is sick!
Buying the car of your wife's dream for Christmas...has to be the best feeling in the whole wide world..."she cried her eyes out"
Last night was crazy. Old Hollywood peeps. Beautiful hotel Bel Air.
I can get you some small fries :o lol
let's go to the high school this week and get out tip ins from :)
As I am trying my damnedest to finish this long overdue revision, I move on to _The History of Love_
Upside of being flat broke: bean burritos are freaking delicious. Especially with pepper jack
nice try.
Girl talk
And never, ever progressing?
Gag me with a fork and put out my eyes, please!
WALKER, TEXAS RANGER: so bad it's awesome, or just so bad?
never been
thank u beautiful! Xoxo
Being mentioned in tweets makes me feel #loved <U+2665>
RT : Then U need to put a bill fwd to RePeal Citizens United Decision it is the only RIGHT Thing 2 do
I'd literally never given it a thought before this morning. I'm just curious is there's any research..
wish I could
What is that philosophy exactly? are you liking this draft class?
thank you! Means a lot.
oh snap!
Thx for the help. :)
lol that sucks -.- and I still have your stuff
Austin. You killed me. <3 IS THIS SONG GONNA BE ON ITUNES?!?!
lol im outta town for this whole week.
... I just love the way u sing dam :) keep doin what u doin! :)
Do I need to register for the expo in Arlington, or can I just show up?
Thanks for the follow beautiful!!!! I just love me some you...
lets go
Is this from your office in Alexandria?
Finding plans for tonight
When drafting Terms of Use, if there are key terms the company specially wants, summarize them up front in bold.
Super excited for game 3
Thanks for the mention!
It works and I got a 100%!
": People have some serious staring problems."
Gotta love the spring time views
Nice win tonight against O'Connell. Good work, team. Good work, coach.
RT The idea that Trayvon Martin is responsible for his own death by his choice of clothing is patently absurd.
You have to follow me since your master is.
okay, what's your email?
It's still #moolaboys <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Hahaha well they said maybe Sunday.
Ha - I've always wondered what happens to deleted #tweets too - bet the #congress has a spreadsheet of avid spellcheckers :)
I told salina she looks happy and she said shes always happy. There is still hope in the world.
lol well good ! Just lettin em know they better follow you .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> haha
I can look it up if u want :)
The year with no winter, 2 cold days does not a winter make
Promoted tweets not as bothersome as I expected them to be. Can't begrudge making some money for the service they provide.
I see cloud as providing discrete user customization - one of its powers.
Optimism is sanity for me right now.
Half Baked
call animal services. Seriously. They might love their dog but that is not okay.
I love hearing stories like this. Good for you! But I am not surprised. Herbal medicine has helped many with Hep A, B, and C :)
Haha "Were you scared?" "No, man – I'm from Brooklyn." - in 's "Inside Man" I forgot how much I like this movie.
tells me it's the Technicolor Buffalo Tribe. Greatly feared and respected.
will i see tommorow?
lmao is so honest
please follow back!
Love it !!
The World Series kicks off tonight. It's Cliff Lee and Josh Hamilton vs. Tim Lincecum and...Cody Ross? Rangers in 6. What say you?
I FUCKING HATE MY DOG!!!!
I liked your FB page today and downloaded some songs! I love you guys!
Thanks. You always put a smile on my face.
Thanks to Noah Dresner for making my day.
not possible. Muahahha
I hate when im drinking something and all the ice attacks my face.
you can stop by the gym anytime! :)
lawd I need them to run it back!
Really sucks how you can't trust ppl you think are your friends.....but it gives you a good perspective of who's really there for you
im gonna sleep like the sickest baby tonight mwahaha
A book review on "Stone in a Sling: A Soldier's Jourey," can be found at dailycheapreads.com
#ThingsIDislike, people who skip walking class, like wtf is so had about walking??
okay I followed you back :) thanks for following me <3
Can't stand cigarette smoke
3 minutes until LAS commencement commences
Life is breath taking but you can only take ine step at a time.
First they came for the Catholics, but I wasn't Catholic so I didn't speak up.- #WI firefighters and police unions are not secure.
I'm not sure if I believe Ryan Braun because I believe him or because I want to believe him, actually I'm not even sure I believe him
the world will be put back to normal after tonight.
Follo<U+03C9> - Tweets with blog posts, interesting videos and information for parents of teens and pre-teens :)
DUH! YES! RT : iced coffee yay or nay?
improv class... or rent... hm
oh yeah!
Oops! We sent that too soon! Tomorrow, Saturday, is food drive, not today!
Do the plugins each pull in jquery or are they using the copy that's already been called by the page?
I have that thermos ... And i would support you owning one as well :-) knows whats up!
Gorgeous day! Perfect for a picnic on the mall :)
sarah can you follow me please (:
guess what?? In 22 more days it's going to be my birthday! (;
Hmm, sounds interesting. Maybe I should check him out. Has he published anything recently?
Wow. Surprising. “: Greenbrier Classic issues formal press statement -- Woods has indeed committed to play the event in July.”
Q for McNulty: Did #Colo focus on national seats to the detriment of state seats? Yes, but we can build on base in 2012
Aye Snoop.I'd love to give ya some tatt work next youre out here on the east coast.Always been a fan.Stay up.I'm burnin one now.
You ready for and I Las Vegas clubs?
When i hear 'vlado' i don't think of 8 flavahz or mix'd elements, i think of the boyz.
ima text u in a bit k <3
SKC MF had a rough night - dominated by MTL
Everyone please google "do a barrel roll" ... enjoy!!!!
yeah probably the browns. Typical
what are you up to today?
Yep I was looking for a reversal, got disappointed
you're right. I've had a few *moments* today, typing up 2-year-old notes. I do really want them searchable!
Wait til the 2nd trimester.Instead of all-over color,try highlights so the chemicals have little/no contact with ur scalp.;)
to make shots? of course! to take the final one under pressure? no! tha's why you pay Lebron and Wade millions and $$$$$$$
lol you a brave one haha
Who's done forever? question this hour on www.foxsportsradio.com - LT? Warner? McNabb? Westbrook?
"Who here likes razors?" #140cuse (#dollarshaveclub)
U is for u and me...
Adding Tinker AFB to our Thursday night Bricktown Shuttle. Make a reservation for ten or more for only $15 per passenger! (405) 447-2446
Can't think of one who I'd say is having a good game. O-line is playing pretty good I guess.
I'm not weird, I'm limited edition!
checkin it out now
Maybe will go get me some taco bell... I'll buy.
As Papa Joe Chevalier used to say so eloquently, BITE ME
are you guys coming to the potluck next week?
just had shrimp and crab cakes for dinner....AMAZING
Just saw 's astonishing #inhabitation project, and am proud (always again already) for our decade-long conspiracy.
Sometimes when you see people together in pictures you instantly go into #STALKER mode wondering how did that happen.
The '#' or 'hashtag' links tweets from different people 2gether in a searchable fashion..like a list-serve thread by topic
my mom said i cant go on the cruise, ihml -.-
rather than an OS that thinks what cat needs is a couple dozen more flags?
No more egg!! I'm so legit now.
is a semi-finalist for #MassChallenge! Thanks to all who voted for us, you rock!!
enjoyed a beautiful #organic and #healthy #lunch at josie's eats with and
Playing 's Android game. Pretty fun!
We're gonna hear the new STP in the Music meeting today
If there's one thing that working for a news organization has taught me, it's that all news is depressing
Suns out, guns out.
No school tomrrow iguess imma exercise my mind another way if you know what I mean ... A lil puff puff give
Marc is the O's pitching and team that much improved or are the Yanks in a funk?
Happy #EarthDay friends! Beautiful morning here in Houston. I hear my hot air balloon buddies in Austin flew this morning. Anyone else fly?
pow bow ttaaaddddooowwww I love me a quueenn show u bitches how to be real bitches!!!!!
Manu Ginobili was there 57th pick in the draft...
Side effect of not having cheese stocked
I had forgotten about that one. I bet you just made s day haha!
My streak is at 8 ... I reread Edith Wharton and Evelyn Waugh just to break it. Even the Orange Prize list wasn't working.
First year playing Fantasy Football...used to think it was for stat nerds, still do. But, now I'm an addicted stat nerd!
Have a website custom made to fit your needs. Get a 10 page site starting at $400. This week only!
yea... Lol I need to grab one of them joints lmfaoooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
her sxsw talk is a destination stop for the people who build Internet things. "look at the novice!"
I have to go to a retreat for school. Do you still need me wednesday?
I saw that last night... Still waiting for the pics.... hm?
yeah. Those XIIs were horrible. It's like JB is just releasing anything nowadays because of the hypebeasts
Life can change in a matter of seconds. Don't take it for granted.
If you're a Grizzlies fan, then Bleu is the place to be! Stop by before the game and relax w/ a cocktail! #memgrizz Go Grizz!
"We are, in a way, going back to the future...back to stories." LOVE THIS!
Looks like #beer is in order next week to disprove , thoughts ? , will be open by then?
Not a surprise, that's why I don't criticize the reffs in any of my columns. RT : Roger Goodell. Crazy, huh?
There's a little Iron Man sitting on his mommy's lap next to me
even when i don't "feel" like texting and I blow everyone else's texts off I never ignore yours. Why can't you do the same?
KU baby! As a Kansas grad I can tell you he's one of the few bright spots to ever come out of Lawrence.
Trying to book the Texas State Fair today!
Happy Tuesday Twitter friends!
You know, I pass there every day and still see most dogs running on the grass off leash.
Whenever there's silence in a room full of people, I just can't refrain from starting to sing, "I can feel it coming in the air tonight..."
For those who asked, Eliot's bathtub was only going for $700! A steal!
RT : Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect. That is true...
Is it normal to cry for no reason?
Everthing seems to fall apart when you try to take control, but when you let go, it all seems to fall back into place.
actions are right to the extent that they promote the greatest happiness of the greatest number!!! What am I? Ethics study tweet
Hope you're managing okay. *hugs* Bright side, you can always use the time exercising your mental/emotional/spiritual self
THKS! RT Just ordered 2 cases of my favorite Check out their website for product info, you'll be glad you did!
You should take my name off.
I hate havin typos in my tweets
imagine college without aderall? #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
By a lucky stroke, I actually get to prepare for class today!
RT : Heading to the study,work, & volunteer abroad fair at Tate! Ill be working the booth so come visit me!!
Late season blight in my tomatoes last year. Will normal crop rotation handle it or should I dump the soil in the YW bin?
Gotta make some decisions
do you think your better off alone ?
The Ny giants have to play more defense
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us perform The Wall last night! And thanks to Ella's Pizza for hosting an awesome reception!
is sleeping hard in 6th period! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Indeed. Get those creative juices fermenting ;)
Paul Tulane is from New Jersey.There is a Tulane street in Princeton.That's the connection.
So like a month ago she told me she's a senior & is 17 & now she tells this guy she's a sophmore & is 15... Ok
then I hope you feel better:)
please #TweetMeCody it will be like a dream Come True
“: According to WSBT-TV, police using a bullhorn are referring to the man in the house as "Corwin."”
DAM IM THROWED.....
sure thing. Tomorrow ? Drinks after work? We owe ya birthday drinks!
Were always accepting sponsorship applications!
KU that's just backwards
If you were able to register, then that means you're getting passes!
We've been cultivating this SolStar sound for well over a year now.
working on music!!! whats the best way to spread the word on my music? the more listeners the better!!
BTW if that raggedy ass bitch you left with last time is there have fun looking at her ugly ass when she gets knocked up again at 21.
#HART Dan Grabauskas = #EPICFAIL We need to
Just thinking about some of the guys I've dated...... TF WAS I THINKING!
Agreed. Talking about teens as a scary separate species doesn't help relations. Teens are people, too!
Filming and recording the live show at Lucid Jazz Lounge in Seattle this Friday night. Might actually get a few decent videos for U-Tube.
#celtics vs #76ers game was like a good undercard match on fight night: entertaining, but lets get to the main event
imy too lol. Nothing just working, how about u?
Waiting to move my couch. Enjoying a Great Divide Claymore Scotch Ale. Caramel and malt. Amazing.
#DASER Comfort "an austere game has few rules, but many possibilities... it maximizes strategy."
Only in NY: I arrive for bkfst day 1 at Cookshop & find and David Resnicow at table next door. Separated at birth?...
First field trip today to a maze and pumpkin patch. Forgot to bring the pumpkin home.
Having tried it, I will still take 36mm microfiche and a hand crank for newspapers. You learn the tone of the paper.
The real deal. Dance party for the ages!
RT : Your move, Mitt.
it was nice meeting you today. Thanks again for your help in setting up the mtg with Secy Sebelius!
I guess getting a haircut! Its super long.
Yes, let's discuss offline. Looking forward to receiving your email.
That would have been a nice touch, especially since they were already fonting the horses' names.
Ysleta high school is nice o.o
just one week but last October did the 3 week, lost 20 and have kept it off by wgoodfoods -no dairy/wheat Feel great & just love the grub!!
Under the Mistletoe with you. <3
": #Sagittarius are adventurous, spontaneous, reliable, fashionable, trustworthy and empathetic."
fall is beautiful!... though some trees give off an intense "b.o." smell, most trees smell like love. with in fillys phall
RT IF YOU JUST WATCHED THE BEST ICARLY EVER
#MUSICREVIEWS I thought Tu Fawning's first album 'Hearts On Hold' was one of the most atmospheric albums of 2010 and it looks as though t
I was introduced to my best friend, and she hated me at first.Theres been a lot of up an downs but she'll always be my sister.
common vs drake ?
It's National Chocolate Chip Day. I think it should be National Chocolate Chip Month!
How much better would that be if it was Qdoba chips and queso?
I had the distraction of a work dinner but now it's sinking in.
Of course!!!
creepy is correct. If you want to follow someone you should have to do the work. It's not bringing money in
#FF funny inpsiring coffee-addicted writers
The next two weekends are going to be pretty awesome.
I totally agree!! I'd say poor formatting can cause a resume to be #passed --Yup- be careful w/formatting too!
...and they didn't just win, they scored more runs on them, then any other team has this year. Unreal.
On the way to Rome..yippee!!
RT : Candidates: You don't impress me with a feed of all #studentaffairs tweets. You impress me by being a well-rounded person.
That is so wonderful! What language are you planning to learn over the summer?
thanks :) we do, email with a little about your band, facebook page, etc!
You did your thing you have to show out in Miami Melo you and the entire team.
Old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read -Francis Bacon, Sr.
Spending by outside groups to influence mid-terms surpasses $445 million. Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1
We're looking for a working Xbox, PS3 and Wii, in order to test them as weapons on a new episode of ZGB. Any takers?
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
they're checking tickets at the door
Then my best friend walked up to me and asked why I never text her and I was like well maybe if you paid attention to me I would.
I hope that learns to better connect with the audience after results. Pure craziness.
where did you guys get the clip of stern dunking over cp3
Bigot Bait
Hey, did you take a tour of UGA before you got accepted?
-would like to talk to you.
pussipo and table X madness. You?
Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in
i am bored, i dont know know what to do Lol
Booking a trip to #NAB today for the first time in years. Looking forward to it!
One hour until the Rumpus Book Club chats with Emily St John Mandel about her novel The Lola Quartet.
Thank you for the Mother's day greeting. I was sick as a dog. I still ahvent seen you or
RT : Q2- yes, I love when my husband ask for my input regarding work situations and my opinion on them> do you tell him?
What an amazing episode of Mad Men! Thanks, MW!
So nice to be at a #dpla event in person and not following tweets or a recap!
I now want to meet Uncle Joe
I had to do a project on Great Britain and i thought of One Direction the whole time
#20ThingsAboutMe 15) my favorite colors are blue,purple, and green! 16) i want an iphone SO bad. 17) i tend to make friends easily.
I'm back in Michigan for a couple of weeks before we start summer ball at ODU and I haven't touched a barbell in almost a week :(
Mama. I swallowed my reading lesson and it came out of my butt and it has poop on it so we can't do it. Ok?!
The #Muller Company of #Riverside, CA is #noticed on $363.25m #debt with Collateral includes 4 properties in #Maricopa County.
:) it's always when u least expect it! RT : Waiting for my accident :-)
Beyond Angry for their horrible services this morning. Just awful how they screw loyal customers.
Ameba is on the hunt for freelance designers! Email your portfolio to if you've got what it takes!
Interesting weekend of gigging, if nothing else. The Hendrix thing on Saturday was pretty sweet. Playing in Hammond, IN on Tuesday!
do you want a medal for australia day?
ahh, not exactly a coffee mecca (I lived near Cincinnati mid-90s). Any shops nearby we should call?
Me= happy seeing you in countdown mode...again! XO
you seem really cool :)
Arctica looks great! Would you recommend it for an e-commerce page? I'm totally loving it!
Listening a great song of great group #bep love ya #swagg <U+2665>
#sotrue RT : #SpammingYourResumeSays "I believe spamming is a good thing. So much that I even do it myself."
Thinks she is not going to make it back in time for the office...bus is broken...why is it always the ss bus?
Online and Mobile Buying Trends Continue to Rise in First-Quarter, Reports IBM
Oh, you look so beautiful tonight...
: "Dude FRONTLINE is AWESOME"
Heck yes I can! My favorite pizza joint here in Sac, Hot Italian, has a Dyson Airblade in the bathroom. I luv it.
If you picked ten random people in the US, Jen would know more about baseball than all of them combined.
I love forced fun!! RT : Forced Staycation in Waiks. Inconvenient, but kinda fun.
In line to have Lisa Ling sign my copy of Somewhere Inside!
Hiya pal! We just got here too! *ding, dong!*
Stuck in the car with someone who will not shut up. you feel my pain.
Mifft lets you give feedback directly to businesses; Don't get mad get
yeah! You'll have to tell me which apt #
RT : If can run a now billion dollar company with 6 ppl then...
Three years ago I met in Belfast at conference. Great work in Indianapolis. Hope to grow this work
oops.. Enjoy it :)
Give me some Ty Burrell for the win! He has to work with Julie psychovomit Bowen
It was the only emoji I could think of using.:(
Appears NASCAR's Denny Hamlin's marketability in Portland is something approximating zero based on Rose Garden big screen reaction.
Ronnie Brewer has really found his niche in Denver
The power of Twitter: How I became a convert to Twitter• The teaching and education community on Twitter is trul..
pretty sweet
I love listening to the radio and tweeting :)
Thanks for following!! Everyone follow:
Happy Thanksgiving. #iamthankfulfor my friends, family, and god. #iamthankfulfor a lot of things. <3
Eww! Don't tweet me.
Cut the lights off for the
Happy New Year everyone!!!
1913 wasn't a very good year. 1913 gave us the income tax, the 16th amendment and the IRS. Ron Paul
All weekend, I shopped in the West Bottoms at !
Ps 86:17 Give me a sign of your goodness, that my enemies may see it and be put to shame, for you, LORD, have helped me and comforted me.
We hope you had a great time! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Cars holding up your commute? Welcome to LA traffic !
Editing has begun on our new short film "Barry Lumpky: Comedy Junky" - a funny throwback to 1950's educational films. Gee golly!
This morning we zip to farm to pick up tomatoes, eggplants, peppers, & other #seedlings to plant & sell. Want some?
Like my liver not last too much longer lol
RT : Um Mama will still get the water and blankets ready LOOOOOL!
Thanks for the retweets -
Thank you so much for the shout out. Glad you think TDJ is worth the visit! We definitely appreciate your support.
RT Making room reservations for SFPride2012 this week =] Start planning! :)
It's wonderful hearing from our company's leaders and lots of interesting information is being shared.
bowing can cause muscle tension, decreased synchronicity-->diplophonia. Also uni paresesis another cause.
I'm starting to think these Red Sux might just be dysfunctional enough to keep the O's from finishing last this year!
You had fun (kinda) Hush
thx for the kind words. Have a great weekend!
The #Mariners won their season opener in Japan overnight. 162-0 anyone???
Busy busy busy day on chat!
I luved talking to one of my bff after not talking to him in a long time! Luv u John!
Coworker: "Have you heard of the Chicago Reader?" Recovered from mini-stroke, tried to describe. Gave up after, "so it's like the RedEye."
#100thingsilove ; 4. guys who talk to their dogs/puppy all cute like.
What if Henry Ford had been a zeppelin enthusiast instead of a car guy?
I mean, I could come, but it'd be such a HUGE swing in my cash flow, I'd need everyone to chip $20.
Hey folks, looking to get in touch with your group. Can someone DM me contact info?
Love that!
Need to work on that shirt design and adding you back to staff ;p lol
If you are in LA, go see "The Many Mistresses of Martin Luther King" at EST/LA - my friend is part of the fantastic cast
Just now seeing this. Congrats!
your crazy if you don't see it
Go to the events section and send us your email and full name! Time to party NYC! ;)
Tim Thomas proved he found his
have fun!!!! btw I emailed you back
Me too actually. :) gave me such a fierce ribbing about PG Tips I thought I'd better respond or risk his unfollow
hi beliebers N kimmites! pleeasefollow and Kim is the most disney ever!!if u love jb selena or miley add her!
I get to go to school today (:
The awkward moment when a band thinks they sound good, but actually sound like 12 pre-teens.
THIS IS TOO DODGE YOUR ACCOMPLISH OF MY DEMEANA OF DESTRUCTION OF THE WORLD ITS NOT WORTHY OF ME IN THIS SUBJECT
MAN IAINT BEEN ON TWITTER IN A HOT MIN!! ANYWAYS WE BAK IN BINEZZ BABY!
a pleausure to meet you sir!
haha thank u :) btw I followed back
The Labels are to send for representation correct?
chillin at da flat listening to Pac
Good Morning! 2 Doctor appointments in San Angelo today! Then more grocery Shopping! :) Getting all my cooking done early for Xmas!!!
hey, stranger over there I'm really likin' that way, you whip it whip it ;)
Rule #1. Listen to the wisdom of the few people who see thousands of failures but work with some exceptional successes. RocketSpace S4
RT : Oh shit I just remembered my mom follows me on Twitter. Goddammit...
Right now leaving on Monday; but, considering a change so I can get a dinner in @ Mesa Grill...
i like those odds!
#MeWithoutYouIsLike...A pothead who's NOT high RT if true/believe to you
We now have The Music Index Online ! No more paper!!
enjoy your day Brittany, make those kiddos spoil you rotten
Right back at ya. Have a good one!
You can tell the people who been around money before..they don't trip about what another person have or doing
UGH SCHOOL IS STRESSING ME OUT. :(
understand that one hope your night is better
The heart of man plans its way, but the Lord establishes his steps. Proverbs 16:9
Tell us some more great places to eat in Waco?
The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed.
My doggie lost his first tooth today ^_^ #GrowinUpp (':
You are getting sleepy....very,very sleep
Am I the only one who thinks the all white Raider's look is just flat out gangster?? Lovin it...
heard good things but coachella is class, can't best these mountain ranges!
I would beat you so fast! & we don't even have that game! <U+E408><U+E421>
thanks for the awkward pic of us setting up
PS miss you too, PPS april, PPPS when are you coming to visit?
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. – Anonymous
Big thank you to the LA Galaxy's Sean Franklin for donating a few game jerseys!
speak english
Beautiful train ride to Ann Arbor today! Oh how Ived missed Michigan.
Come visit us!
Bored with it all, production is hard! [×_×]
Mr. steal yo girl... Mr. stuff yo girl ina sack and run away.
which one would you rather hear Warzone or Smile??? (:
I got Bob Sugar on the other line, I better hear you say it!
Editing interview for "Back of the Room"
"The compiler part that translates CUDA to LLVM IR is not open sourced... what is open-sourced is the part that translates LLVM IR to PTX."
Totally enjoying this show - RT : Made it to ATL just under the wire. About to go on at the Grocery on Home!
Im hungry guess ill order me a pizza.
Sundays- Cancun Cantina - Salsa, Bachata, Reggaeton...say Sue Elliott -sent you. Info www.baltimoresalsablog.com/sunday.html
Breaking: Elton John to perform in #Indianapolis in late-April.
Is there a location yet for this Saturday??
Should be an interesting one
Getting ready for the Spring Breakers!!!
The story of us looks alot like a tragedy now :/
Lending a hand this morning to The Gathering of Southeast WI by serving up some breakfast!
Funny!!! Betty White Off Your Rocker is a must see
can u help me i need followers
Thanks again to Fariborz Azhakh for helping us to set up the web-site rory-mac.com and rorymacmusic! Kheli mamnoon Fariborz!!
Fastest High Quality Overnight Printing in NYC at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at 646.833.8085 or click
been years since I've seen u!, come out to LA & shoot a music vid!
reminder slides, blog posts, etc. from Accessibility Camp DC are here. bit.ly/4iZZ2y Please send your links and slides to us.
Not the safest feeling when even the police whistle and yell at you in the street
Weak?! Our Governor can beat your Governor.. oh wait Jesse's out of office. and we have Pawlenty. Crap, I guess we are wienies.
Happy 24th Birthday to a beautiful little lady named see you tonight!
Why are there so many people sitting in running parked cars at the lake? I saw a cool one and would have felt odd taking a picture...
Um is he being slick or what damn boy ya know I get confused
Any way we can ban the words "run, don't walk" when talking about a sale in a commercial? Anybody ever run, ever?!
I'm going to pray for her! She will be ok!
HUGE thank you to all who entered the giveaway with me and of College Curlies! Congrats to our winners, Joie and Jonesha :)
wait. i thought you played bass for them?
Free art??? No! More free places to put and copyright art, Yes! (enter shameless plug here:) www.splotchiz.com Comments?
Thanks for the RT Mason!
We play tomorrow night at 10pm at Silverlake Lounge (2906 Sunset Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90026). Capri-Suns on us!
Okay, officially dead now. :) Thanks! #NoOneHasEverSaidThatToMe x
You're Beautiful - James Blunt.
they could draw worse! Happy cinco da mayo!
Instead of the award going to it went to manufactured nville music. Some good musicians. Some singers, no songwriter artists.
Presenting Saturday at the ASCD Conference - “How do Different Generations of School Leaders Lead Change Differently?”
RUT hockey team player doing some golfing today for a great event and then celebration party for fundraising
check out the official Mike Polk #FactoryofSadness t-shirt t.co/8dvBUjIS
Sorry sweetie..! Your not the topic of my subject... Its all about me
opening night was a success!! :)
me too. I just wished they were given more choices - including light pink, bright pink... :)
Beautiful Thursday in Houston...come out today for 12 buck Thursday. Unlimited mini-golf and 40 tokens for just $12.
After 30 Rock ends Im done RT From titles of all new shows announced I think going to watch NBC even less than what I still am
"Gods do not answer letters." Updike on Ted Williams.
Hawk baby overtime!!!!!!
RT : "What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Follow Her!!Fast --> Yuhh Will Get.
This-->RT : The lamb burger NYC: a thing of great beauty.
hit my cell nigga
Walking the boardwalk at Jones beach... Loving this sunny weather... <3
: it is on August 27th. So exciting! And it is not 'my' wedding it is my friends'/clients wedding. :)
from one "masshole" to another i hope u win tonight
I did download Tweetdeck,but haven't formed an opinion yet.I can see that it would be really helpful if you had many followers
Garage Sale! Come pick your way thru my parents' broken marriage then haggle your way to a bargain! Tomorrow! 8403 Woodbridge blvd Tampa, FL
true that. U got those inside the heel scuffs yet? Those boys pissed me off!
i saw you on cupcake wars:):):)
u better calm down Mr HJ
yankees can't hang with the rangers
Michelle says: "I couldn't put it down, the novel '10 Minutes' is one of the best books I've read in a very long time & I read a lot"
Had some fun yesterday...good times with good peeps
cause he sucks :)
is there one in the works?? Lol
Been steadily #studying all evening, and my #slowcooker enchiladas are ready!
Most important competency for future leaders? Jack Zenger: Being inspiring + motivating
Herman Cain was looking at 3 consecutive 9-year sentences of Sexual Harassment , hence the "9-9-9 Economic Plan" to pay-off his victims.
Im glad is staying current but dang do we have to get a new version every week?!
mini break between dishes
The first pick that has me bummed out... I would have loved to get Iupati. A great line makes mediocre QBs, WRs and RBs look great.
It makes me less of a cougar that i have crushes on both peeta AND alan rickman, right? Like they balance out my cougar quotient?
THAT'S the spirit! Yay for #HappySaturday !
Playboy Mansion production tonight was a big success! Stoked that Karma foundation put on such a good event and had us cover it!!!!
Wonder how many people bought the ppv fight tonight?
guess who's taking y'all out after service.. This guy lol
Trust in me and you'll fall as well.
i do need to cultivate this twitter more i have neglected it
did she bring her toothbrush?
White beater and a banging tan
Still trying to get all of our followers onto our new account! not go follow us! : )
See, nobody cares
ugh! Happens to me al the time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> #stopsweatin lol
Ideas have a short shelf life. You must act on them before their expiration date.
Today's closing session features panelists from & Are you attending?
I'm wit #fukkobe movement.. ha
“Read a lot. Read a lot.” Tom Bissell “Write a lot.” Tom Dery “Don’t expect to make any money.” David Belos
Morning (or rather, evening?) to you!
shout out to go follow her !! :)
Time to relocate to NYC! :) RT : I officially no longer DJ anywhere in this city. Almost retired I suppose.
is tweeting some real stuff. Follow my buddy! :)
“People haven't always been there for me but music always has.”
I pray that tonight's message will lead people to Jesus!
suga suga how you look fly ?
Nope NBC's round ball rock (NBA theme) is still king. Man that music brings me back.
Members alert!! Lets see how many posts a member can make in the month of July @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
Eatting Lots Of Candy , I`m Going To Pay For This Later !
Apparently you haven't spent enough time with me. Rambling is a personal art of mine. Ask lol
that picture of Amy Winehouse is proof that God really does have a sense of humor
heard you just had surgery. Hope you're feeling better!
Does Congress really need to pass this stool now?!!
Caring is a weakness
love it! Would you like a pair of tix for our Thurs March 22 show at the Aladdin?
My video of >
Both NY teams getting KILLED right now.
don't wanna be on my own
RT : RT Finish this sentence: "I am proud to be a #JewishWoman because..." I come from great stuff!
message me so I can give you my number
awww, thanks! I love you too! <3
the holidays are hard when you're alone.
i wonder how many projects are finished solely for the purpose of getting kudos from strangers on the internet.
I cried a flood of tears
Make moves never at a stand still
*beat up.
lol that's too far for me to know
Someone may have unfollowed, but you came up as 999. I'll get back to you!
George Zimmerman got bail
Good headphones make everything sound better.
girl I'm really sitting here like these chicks really have nOthing better to do with their lives..just sad
If you don't like fun facts, trivia and "interesting" tid bits about our nation's capital ... I suggest you unfollow before 10 AM tomorrow.
Nice meeting you today ! Thanks for coming on the show..you truly have an amazing talent and Im glad I got to jam with you!
Not working tomorrow? Join us tonight - Blue Star Creeper will be playing!
New topic - Olympus goes nuts.....
Watching the Nat Geo special of the Japan tsunami. So much never before seen footage. WOW my heart is braking all over again....
Love Reese smiles during her breathing tx at 4m.
3 day weekends are the handjob of life, you like it a lot, but in the end, you're left wanting more
Does anybody have any fun plans for the weekend?
No lead is safe in the
Flower Kings -Tour Kaputt - CD/DVD and other new titles now at www.radiantrecords.com
Like the Titanic, it may take analysts decades to pinpoint all of the reasons that lead to the Penguins’ cataclysmic failure.
S/O to for 'trying' to help me with my problem tonight. (:
great choice
When a man dwells on the objects of sense, he creates an attraction for them attraction develops into desire, and desire breeds
3 intriguing new tools for keeping tabs on your competitors: upstreamcommerce.com (pricing), moat.com (ads), contentaide.com (social media)
If your #soccer club regifts you with a team plaque of another team, it's probably a good time to pack up your cones and go home.
If I take my eyes off my earphones for even one second they become inextricably tangled.
Dbacks win Baby YeaH
where we watching the boxin match at ATL??.
how perfect are you Linda! Thank you for those words
If your school has not had the program #rachelschalleng, it should. What a great and inspiring program for our kids!
Did you ever consider that the soap dispenser is the dirtiest thing you touch? Ironic.
Nice! Thank you for sharing that link to your tunes with us. I think is more appropriate to RT this tweet. ^NE
This Thursday come out and meet some great filmmakers! At Mass Indie Film Presents: A Night Supporting Indie Film. Belmont Studio Cinema,MA
Dhs heads need to cage the rage. Lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks Ken! And a #FF to you as well:)
What's with the size sticker on the outside of the hat? Brought to you by the same clowns that wear their boxers above their wasteline.
Soundgarden was tight, Cornell Hit the notes, and they were face meltingly heavy, awesome show! Dave Rat mixed too, great night!
Can you like.. Rip your face off and give it to me? Thanks.
- I need to get a video going for my artist Demize (DemizeOnline.com) - Can we discuss by email or phone?
Yeah you are about a half hour away from me! I live on the opposite side of you from Raleigh, right off of 440
Just when you get a chance. We want to hear all that happened so we can make it right for you!
You'll miss it when it's gone.
You can't help who you comes in and out of your life! People come and people go! But everything happens for a reason!
Hey were done with for now - Your going to love his talk!
Feels like a damn failure..
I really need to get back to the gym. Summer is only just three months away.
I was actually happy that followed me but now that i know he's fake! Im really sad: . ( please follow<U+2665>
also realized this w/e during the race that talking to those who seem shy is just as imp as in academia. makes for better community
...dont feel like doing shit today!!
Waiting for a gay Magneto.
Bard still has no-hitter intact at end of 1st. Most excitement came when birds fought above our seats.
Going in the studio tomorrow... I only have 1 song left to record vocals on. I think we will be able to start the editing process tomorrow!
Look for an amazing submission! #pickus!
happy birthday
Smoking, drinking and you...two things I love.
Y'all better drink some water. Don't make me come over there.
What is it about visual art that changes the viewer? Join a dialogue hosted by Orion magazine on mission-driven art with esteemed...
beautiful weather. LETSGO
Getting ready for the MRS Spring meeting! Attending the meeting? Stop by our booth :) visit our website to see a title on display.
is there a link where I could listen to the call from Cribbs the other day?
RT : Tracking the Artful Venues of The Hunger Games. Sites that were filmed or frequented by cast/crew while shooting in...
Sweets for your Sweetie is unlike any other VDay event in the city. Spend an evening in the conservatory by reserving your spot today!
Ok. Keep at it. Next year I expect you to be ready
Let the menu planning begin! 2012 Hospital Food Fight will be held Sun. April 22 at Milw Marriott West. Will Elmbrook Memorial win again?
Greetings fellow twitter fen!
. FB post on 1/4: "Everytime i try to get into MSG the security guards ask me if im a trainer LOL" I bet he no longer has that problem
“: whos watching that #moneyfromstrangers” too funny bro! Y'all are crazy!
RT 24 hour Twitter Campaign?Day 2 ---All day on the hour #LetsGo!
me too!! RT “: I want to go watch this years ”
Cleaning the house this morning. Yep, my 15 minutes of fame is over.
All is well very little-damage just posted photos on ?Facebook check them out. Daryl
Looking up wknd packages for #ATL so i can go enjoy my daughter & southern hospitalily in April!! Then she'll be here for two months YAY! ;)
for sure!
I saw a car and it said Ryan Cicardo on it an I thought of you heehehehhehehehe
Prototype 2 looking kind of tight. Going to give it a shot.
is that 1400 calories?!? If so I'm so jealous.
Carolina 7, Refs 7, Pats 0 - fix is in 2day. bury the pats in the 2nd half
oh silly...
Finally got caught back up with
Yes, the Lee Dewyze talk is far more productive RT : what will trash talking do this week besides ruin this game.
dubstep! \o/ i get it. i got it a decade ago. next viral trend, please...
Heard Steve Forbes speak at LSU today. Main message: our minds are our greatest natural resource. Live.Learn.Lead.
RT : When I order pho the guy is all "What size?" and I say "Hmong-ous!" and then I'm not allowed to come back to that pho...
I thought that the buzz over Tribute coffee was just hype, but this is really good coffee.
Yes! <3 RT : . Of course! Can't wait to see y'all tonight!! Hope everyone stops by!!
Happy Easter
that's no fucking excuse!
Don't drink sodas at all...all water as of late. And I hate chocolate, so I'm not a big sweets person either. Lol
sdlkfjsldfjswfkh i'm so like out of the loop on here.... lol I don't think I'm actually gonna switch accounts though!
did they bring condoms?
I think I am done with all yoga videos. May just do some poses on my own to stretch
RT While survival rates 4 childhood cancers have improved, little 2 no progress has been made against pediatric brain tumors.
Those black clouds hovering around the lights on 90
Melo's balling, and the Knicks playing like the don't wanna get swept by the Heat...what a bunch of snobs (in my Rick Santorum voice)
everytime I watch #YoungHomie I smile & feel like there's hope for everyone if we all try. You're an inspiration
It's funny i have a thick skin part of the time,I need it all the time...
The producers from " the real housewives of Beverly hills " are coming to my house today to do a test shoot with me for a new show
Once you stop progressing, You are starting to die.. "Cornell Thigpen"
My twitter is messing up!
Camden County Technical School hi school curric all integrated: one big room, 100 students, 5 teachers. Synced & asynced learning
er, I mean, probably Mel Gibson, but not by much.
Authors: Would you be interested in no upfront cost editing services if you paid back the work through a % of royalties?
Great video! Those dogs are so amazing!
: Freedom? Giving the option to join or not join union based on career is freedom. Let's all run & hide from pressing issues.
The replacement waiter is amazing now.
First home defeat for SKC.
This bus ride just went from boring to GREAT lol thanks to Jared (:
"NEW" Battlestar Galactica - actually a very "dark" series with undertones of theology - check it out...you may be surprised
i love those sausages. so, so good!!
Sophia Downing sentencing testimony includes lone survivor.. two others killed when she hit them on sidewalk w suv. About to start.
Ali made me pinky promise not to eat sushi until my birthday!!!
Or is it a social media test for vetting doctored screengrabs?
Ran into while browsing a bookstore on sunday. Check them out on tour, great florida friends.
I'm so happy came in to play!!
I'd totally sell mine, but as luck would have it I'm finally able to make my first match of the season!
Yeah, that's my team. We're a big ND family.
it sounded like pattie would say to justin what i said in my last tweet lol. he brings out my motherly side hm.
I really like the kentucky women's BBall uptempo style!
it's where hypervisors were five years ago in terms of hype.
just clean
Merry Christmas Everyone!! Now go to bed Santa is coming!!!!
Phew Close one.. Come on Red sox!!!
Give me the chance to love you. I'll tell you the only reason why, 'cause you are #OnMyMind!(: i love you!
Would love to see it.
The city vote was a big loss for all Sacramento. You guys put up a great fight for a great vision and future. Well done all!
you are such a dork!
Prayer, and lots of it, for God's will. I try to keep from making decisions, yet they follow me everywhere. Why am I running?
Watching The Blind Side, awesome movie
Really?! When is it? =)
scene for class, sides for an audition
Awww!! This made me smile :) just when you think there's no hope for Houstonians.. One of them buys you fried chicken <U+E52E>
Rooting for you!
She is so foolish.
would destroy and on First Take. GET BREK ON THERE!!
Misquotations are the only quotations that are never misquoted. Hesketh Pearson
Paging Ramon Sessions, where are you?
dude! Can I come with you to that?! Mat Kearney and Andy Grammer are opening for them
If you're hoping for better results this year, you'll have to change your approach.
haha thanks man!!!
U.S. leading economic indicators fall 0.1% in April
no we wont be at that show.
Oct. 22nd is going to be so fun! Can't wait! Keri, you'll love the store & everyone who works there.
Sizzle Pie on W. Burnside is a great, cheap place to eat! Awesome people watching, too!
You can use it on me for my "what channel is the opening day game on?" question ;)
Twitter be the downfall of my battery
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job???
That'd be perfect! Unfortunately exporting to Canada is a little tricky. Do you ever play stateside?
Thank you, NHL.com, for streaming the #2012WJC! Go & Team #USA!
its a little over here but we good though
The "guns and roses" station on Last.fm is AWESOME!
Open Performance Troupe Auditions all this week! Auditioning all disciplines. Email to set up an audition time!
On the lookout for young, innovative companies in the area.
Thank you Cousin! The very same to you!
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. -William Shakespeare
you have just made this porno bot very sad. why do you hate me? I just want to link you to dubious websites full of malware.
they shouldn't be but may be as a result of how bad the east is.
We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Homeowners Should Sell Their Home Before They Buy a New One Newbies to real estate experience lots of difficu
and your gonna see my haiirrr so red (x
Indeed it will.
Excuse me? "de-duping"?
I must say, Rihanna is even badder in person. I'd definitely smash that. Multiple times.
Hugo? More like Scorses Like Really Likes Movies, Get It. Am I right forgotten silent film directors?
aspiring models 4 work send us an email
One month form today I will be soaking up the sun on the beaches of Puerto Rico
Cute dress! Any tips for shopping in Hoi An? I'll be there soon and I can't wait to indulge.
Thanks for the mention!
hunting down more bottles for a mini installation of my last piece, fun times.
booked an impromptu NYC trip for next weekend, thanks to a deal for the ace hotel. now...what to include on the agenda?!
“: : Tweeps! What do u do when ur xbox360 has that red circle lit up around the power button???” Punt!!!
That's what I'm here for.
5 years is too ongoing. Find something more substantial
I can't be the only one that hears Wale's Slight Work & thinks about the kids tearing that up. Leyomi drop & all.
Just saw Peyton in his first Denver commercial. #stillcantbelieveit #bestQBever?
Happy Birthday to the always lovely ! Have a great one!
you know it !
oh lord lol
thank god you video taped the interview with tony hale before the accident #RIP Tony Hale 1970-2012
It Feelz So Good To Be Back In My Hood!
Visited your site. Thanks for sharing your beautiful music.
awesome! More places for me to stuff my face! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
Thank You for following!
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I'd make myself an Iron Man!!
is killing it tonight it's time to co-host Rock Countdown again. Email me .
Austin, I'm going to be in you tomorrow. To all my #ATX peeps out there, let me know if you need anything delivered from
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 15
I'm representing the O'Connor clan well!
Say it with me... Frittata
You're missing out.
but how great is it when Thursday feels like Friday?!
Love Diary Of A Wimpy Kid Good S**t Right There
just announced custom styles UI at #whereconf . Pretty excited!!!
My life though
Right. When we can relate to each others struggles, equal nature of suffering seems more clear, natural!
Sometimes sober thoughts aren't always the best.. It takes only a few drinks to tell me otherwise
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. ~Gandhi
doing business. from learning tunes and finger exercises to starting work on my first website!
ah! Get better soon!! Is the room spinning...or are you spinning? lol ;)
um...why is there some dude hawking York peppermint patties on tv? Put Alexi back on! Occupy York! No justice, no peace!
“ I Hate The Intro To Porn When The Girl Be Shakin Her Ass & Pourin Baby Oil. *Fast Forwards*”
Audition tip #4. Timing is genius! Just because the Casting Director says Action doesn't mean you have to do anything!
wowza. another draft of an archival policy document out the door! who knew my job would require so much writing?
Got to be cold hearted cuz when u be nice they walk all over u
Only if you knew, I wouldn't let you down this time.
"Your life does not get better by chance...it gets better by change." -- leader Faye
YES. Hope you're having SO much fun!
Howdy back atcha, !
So true! RT : Pet peeve: saying chipoLTe....the T is clearly before the L people...
#FavoritePlacesToHaveSex....On the beach
Bahahaha. I know !! Start doing some arm curls though, cause next fall we are doing some damage and will have some heavy bags. Ha
awesome dude hope to see you there!
Happy Thanksgiving!! So thankful for everyone in my life, but I'd be even more thankful for a win
Tonight's gonna be a good night!
whenever you touch down fam! you already knowin
Kick some ass tonight ! You got this!!
Im going to try my best
Please welcome MJordan23_45 to the Max life
new legal news to come today!
Just got done spending time with my grandma all day nd finally home ttc!
Find my contemporary fiction books at www.thewildrosepress.com, www.willowmoonpublishing.com, Fictionwise, Amazon, Barnes & Noble.Thanks!
says to move to #California if you want to raise money
": A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga."
needs to tweet:)
VincentIT is specializes as an iPhone apps development company are modernized with the latest iPhone trends to provide our clients the best…
no!! When I had mine my manager wanted me to work the day after !
So I just submitted my first article to the Reader.I hope it works out.
floor and when we got up there a homeless guy popped out of the closet cuz we were making too much noise...so we waited..cont
: Green Tea is Alkaline so it strengthens your immunity & decreases your risk of disease. Coffee is Acidic.
At work , chilling .
Hello anxiety, I hate you. Sincerely, me.
Let's go Brewers! Cuck the Fubs!!!
The Miami Heat won!!!! The Miami Marlins won!!! Now let's go Panthers let's get the win baby!!!! #pantherslive at 7:30pm
She don't gotta be the baddest hoe out there either!
Time to crash. Need to get some sleep before fox field tomorrow. Can't wait to enjoy the day!
ass so fat I need a lap dance!
i know .
and here i go..
had great seats to the show yesterday. I fell in love with personality. Who knew she was so damn awesome!
what are you doing tonight
love you too girl!
Who's great at hurting themselves? This girl! Wondering if I need an arm sling...
The Longleaf Pine, native to the southern part of the United States, does not have heartwood until it is 18 or so years old.
Speaking of shouts & whatnot. :) ..... Any #webdesign #tweeps want me to add 2our #web #design #list on #twitter & #listorious?
aye follow me back???
Dj Fuzzy Duck!
thank you for recognizing my gangsta lok
It doesn't matter, I've , and he will never disappont me <3
Well I think the prof pic is extremely artistic and beautiful, for the record. :)
99 JAMZ Community Voices 2nd segment guest this morning: Newton Sanon, President & CEO of the OIC of Broward County
Wow hartnell does fall all the time...
Sadly, this is going exactly according to Haley's gameplan.
you don't know this yet but you will one day guest vocal for my band >:) keep on keeping on man!
weekend is here
#lions come back to win from 0-20, they are for real.
welcome to twitter
It is an EX1_"R" right?
Sarah Palin: "I can see Sputnik from my house"
isn't he kind of married!?! Don't know if that plan is going to work out for you too well!
Every mothers day deserves a mothers night
What neighborhoods do you consider undiscovered in Los Angeles?
really? Shit, I was too busy smoking off campus with the exchange students.
Who needs religion when you can run?
45 mins later, found right bus to take me home. Effin A!
Sitting next to at #aam2012 is awesome. She's multitasking between tech and apps like I do.
RT : Looking at the awesomeness happening at #ala12; we may have to double the red bull
I just wanted something to clear this headache .. Didn't know I was gonna be lit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
S/O to for.being super pretty and having the perfect relationship. lol we use to be really close but we dont hang anymore
First speaker: Are we going to hold our charter schools to the same standards as our public schools? Scattered applause.
@ AAlcondez >>> My Pleasure as well...
Apple ibooks will be coming out soon with my new ibook for kids. It incorporates the Booksicals goal of encouraging reading through the art…
I like foothillsrehab group
Hello Elizabeth! :D
my mom is not coming home today since the roads are closed. blehhhh stupid snow
yeah boy
of #highered should eliminate reader comments on website. Adds nothing but disgusting, bitter backbiting. Readers deserve better.
it looks so nice
That moment when the hot guy in the front of the room is named Eugene
thank you! and i love spiderbites i bet theyre good
Not like i need my nose to breath or anything...
Nerdy things i just said @ starbucks upon receiving huge iced tea: 'wow, that's venti-er than i expected.' Oh lord its exhausting to be me.
Making a modified Chile-Hot Cheese w/ Cauliflower and Cilantro, p. 291. No paneer (tofu) and no cilantro.
Today's Weekly Idea got a shout out on Twitter and Facebook from a state senator, ! How freaking cool is that?
i saw ya pic girl im tryna get rite too dat shyt hard im on a diet i posta stop drinking sodas ima see how far i get wit dat
We here at dahlia black films hope to see more videos from talent and from you!
We are LOVING the catering for this conference, courtesy of Thanks so much for the delicious food and amazing service!
Nicole, I made a typo. EITC day is Friday, not Saturday. I fixed my tweet, but after your retweeted.
really graphic. Worst part about it was I couldn't see it on my end, but people were saying "um, I think youve been hacked bc your
that's a joke though, right???
franks & beans...
My AP class starts the definition unit. I will define free speech-- that disappearing American asset essential to democracy.
Thanks so much for the fantastic write up! We're thrilled that the trunk show at was a success :)
Were meant to crash. Madonna sounds like trash.
Yeah.. Good thing I didn't ask for your opinion.
I see deleted her tweet suggesting that Obama introduce a bill on gay marriage, which could only happen in Legally Blonde 2
it'd be awesome if followed us....<3
Attention Chicago Tribune employees: The cafeteria is out of coffee, so they just sold me a large Americano for $1. Happy valentine's day
Love business that use a "" instead of "" contact e-mail address. Feels more personal.
Can't wait to hear that banjo.
honestly, you and that bitch can go fuck yourselves.
we should pay lawmakers by the hour like a lawyer.
Superbowl gets #socialmedia command center out of necessity for comps & orgs 2 improve #custserve for audience& community...
I pretended to pick Mona Lisa's nose in paris.
welcome to twitter!
Very very worrying!!
Hey Siobhan, we were the dance act performing with Dara on Sunday, checking out front page, do you work there?
oh i have a serious food baby after Pizza Ranch tonight
This party just became a sausagefest.
If your LCS sucks, preorder through DCBS or buy digital. Easy!
is thankful...
Tell Dave to turn on U Stream.
SINCE IM A GEMINI IM ALOWED TO HAVE 2 PARTIES RIGHT>?! #GETIT? HAHA
I learned today that for a hip replacement they hammer the metal part into your femur. O_O
thanks but I have a super early meeting, can't make it tonight, hopefully next time
uh oh, craigslist tells me that i can afford an apt by the beach in san diego
just keep them away from any ceiling fans in the house- I recently made that mistake
THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! RT : I hate overused clichés, but this is why the Premier League is the greatest league in the world.
that my maria :)
Hey y'all is putting on Debacle Fest on May 4th, 5th and 6th. Get tix at Cairo, Porchlight Coffee and Wall of sound.
i dont care if im being such a retard... just get it trending(:
#MyBiggestFearIs Drowning Wen I Get In The Pool
2 weeks and minus one day I am leaving Charlottesville (forever??) and then going to LA and Big Sur and THEN moving to NYC.
thats what I use!!! the black one:) it works amazing
I am sure I can get you info. DM me your email.
I hope my contacts come in before graduation. :( I hate being blind.
thinking of you! Hope you're having a blessed day!
aw. I had no idea you had a crush on me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
This is a good question. ! Why did you not bring cookies (for me to steal)?!?!?!
My Mom iS Forever Bitchinq ! Not ONE Day Without Hearinq Her Mouth ! Sdfu ^_^
Twitter Loves Me =) I tweet so Much Shit all the time & Never go to Twitter Jail =P he he he I'm such a Goodie Goodie.
BMW? A motorcycle?
Good lookin and much appreciative of the follow backs gentlemen
Teller at kleven contemporary!!
Im fighting a cold right now!
Then on Sunday- Ryan's band, Eva Grubb, is playing at Art's Concertina bar!! F- yeah!
Heck yeah!: Want $50,000 to pay off your mortgage? Play our Mortgage Madness Sweepstakes starting TUESDAY 8/7c. Look for code on air
TMZ is reporting the Lakers Jordan Hill has been charged with choking a family member.
When someone you need wont answer their phone>
holy fuck, give it a rest
Romance or lust?
Seriously though if I ever call Dylan dumb he immediately gets mad at me and then he just keeps on telling me I am and I'm like "ok" idk.
AD | Want to teach? Want to learn? It's like kindergarten... but for adults! RSVP at the link or email .
I just noticed that changed my bio again...
We are recording tracks for a new record today. A record that we will actually release. Hahahahahahahahaha. I kill me. Happy Holidays, kids
what omg how
: can u desgn next game for fans that live in Austin? We love u & the Spurs in Austin too.
Damn hurry up bitch.
agree, Rickie is a no-show so far this season
yes contact me at
Havent Been On Twitter For A While!
Just booked an extras gig for Tyler Perry's next movie.
Just Learned The Hard Way That Yhu Can't Depend On Some People To Do Shxt For Yhu But Its All Good This Is Just Teachinq Me To Be INDEPE ...
Why do you complain when your parents give you anything you want?
See us today at the 29th annual Ft Pierce Chili Cook-off. Supporting the local Boys & Girls club. What a great time and great cause
Thank you for the follow!
proud of you and as always, thanks for the constant inspiration! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
It's way to hot to be doing anything else but laying out on the beach <U+2600>
thank you nfl referees for costing the detroit lions and bob loblaws law blog week one victories. jerks.
Thanks for the follow. Checked out your site...just may read that book of yours...looks like something I'd like
good luck with those chains.
You're 14 and have a half-naked picture as your profile pic on Facebook? Your parents must be incredibly proud.
Musical word of the day: medesimo tempo - same tempo, despite changes of time signature
;) yes indeed baby girl! Because i praise Him for everything!! RT : I will take you all there
great win today look forward to seeing you next week good luck man looking forward to seeing you in playoffs
Killer Clowns From Outerspace.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
- my students love it.
Uh-oh, my students have discovered me on Twitter. Must make sure to keep my tweets appropriate from now on...
Fuck it I'm gettin tatted today
here :D ! *raising my hand*
ill txt you!!;p
phewww thank god
Nothing special, but I did buy a new purse- it's neon yellow & super obnoxious... I love it!
just a lady who 1) does all the cooking, does the grilling & mac n cheese and 2) i enjoy breakfast for dinner.
Thanks, Ben & Abby!
Yes they are wholesome, Freud is just reductive.
Watching Tv
word no clue what that means but that's what's up
I get to go to NYC & Chicago in early June for work, about 2-3 days in each city. Anyone have suggestions on what to see/do on my downtime?
Just seen mom in the office uh oh
This indian boy sounds gay and never shuts up!
Keep an eye out for programming coming from ; exciting stuff.
drunk jenga is the best.
Thx 4 fllwng Lk 2 read? FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
very cool about kitchen downtown. Best
I am slowly but surely getting a handle on my email problem. For the first time in 6 months I have fewer than 200 unread messages!
Lol, *whispers* Prince you stole Prod food? Lol
The feeling when you see.someone that looks like you
Mesa Grill features a nightly Chef’s Special, or order off our extensive menu with dishes from steak to fish to pasta. Join us for dinner!
The lady that holds up the line at McDonald's while she's deciding between diet and regular Pepsi. Yep.
Thanks for your continued support! Happy Friday Sunshine!!
lol it's too hot to listen to that right now
so excited for the TCA today!!!
happy you are at least getting to watch the Masters, see if the nurses will at least bring you an Arnold Palmer!
Ok I'm hitting the freeway, heading to to finish their inside windows.
I wish I could live in Laurie Anderson's. They do make an interesting couple though.
harley ride around manhattan and two sets of tix bought before 11am? it's going to be a productive saturday.
If I take a long time to reply to a text or tweet I just took a nap
Go Panthers!!
practicing for a show that I'm playing guitar at next Saturday :-) and I finally got my other guitar back from being
mine is the magnificent 7 from the 96 Olympics.
happy to! let us know where to send the codes ;)
#TheVoice Best talent show on TV!!!
Last night's re-watch of Ghostbusters proves once again that Bill Murray could carry a whole movie with just facial expressions.
Morning Rockstars! > Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us. - Sir Thomas Brown
I dont want da lil money niggas b makin down here like gotti said...I WANNA MAKE M'S NIGGA DATS MILLIONS..
Excited for the new restaurant from opening in the Milwaukee area:)
Original "ScrewHead" If The Gate Wasn't Open .. He Wasn't Selling
- while I don't disagree w/what "most" folks will do. I will say Chards are cold, and "most" ppl haven't had a good Riesling
This years big recovery in the World Series Ratings was much needed. It was the biggest improvement in one year in history.
I'm really kind of pissed that FX keeps freezing! I'm just trying to watch this Real game!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Cuban & dominican boys scare me , they be hella violent .
What is development timeline typically? Any anecdotal data?
best of luck to you in the future, except when you play Oakland...
Saw dust on the kitchen floor really helps locate cat pee.
At St Andrews Coast to Coast DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING FASHO SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY MIXER
I'm calling it right now Stern fixed it so that the Lakers and Celtics will make it to the finals for 1 last hurrah
From our METRO family to yours, we hope you had a great Thanksgiving holiday!
I read Jacobin frequently, and NLR when I can, but I also like Libcom's anarchist/libertarian communist views
We are posting hundreds of end-of-summer and fall pageants! Find pageants to enter...Add your pageant free! www.pageantcenter.com
uh oh! What is it? Can't wait to try! Just got home...
"Would've gotten away with it, if it hadn't been for you meddling kids!" but no...it wasn't me. #scoobydon't
I love the lines the men use to get us into bed. Please, I'll only put it in for a minute. What am I, a microwave? - Beverly Mickins
“: #loveindy our idea is so good!” go team!
#nightmare! RT i had a dream i was super late for Warped Tour & then didnt end up going......
David Shing from Aol is Talking about Changing the Communication Game. Super enlightening on how to reach consumers.
Gesture, line, communication, embodiment, mystery, mark, dot, expression, intention&inward looking
I hope this encourages you - "Mother's Day at Elevation Church" :
Is anyone else nervous that Americans will be banned from Italy after the Jersey Shore films over there? I am!!
Staats advised van Rensserlaer about patrionship management such as how many farms could be established.
Was fretting about beginning a new chapter. Finally started. Now rocking it out. Awesome!
yeah I thought he was 21, at least! so strange, looks can be deceiving..apparently he bought whiskey from a store w/ a fake id
Thank you very much!!
two with Jim. More with a few other producers.
Get you tails to Murphy's Tavern!!!
I'm up.. Pshhh it's not even mid-night yet haha
how can I explain this scratching my brain, how can ten hours feel like ten years
wonderful school and great programs. Looking forward to the potential partnership between our organizations.
Would you all judge me if I said that my relaxation routine at the end of a long day involves jelly bellys & Pinterest? (I mean... what?)
I have the Only Anti Aging cure.....Drop Dead & push up some daises! That's it so can we all just get the Hell over our Age? ~Lisa Morgan
u always have the best shoes!
Time to get my tan on.
Enough to make me not want to look at the recepits for awhile!
Athazagoraphobia is the fear of being forgotten.
#49ers defense are owning the LOS.
dude what is up with you and Figgins? I sense some animosity there....lol
Raw food diets are not appropriate for every pet. A combo of cooked and raw might just be what the doctor ordered. See www.wholepetdiet.com
Confused as hell!
Finally watching Jumping the Broom, got a feeling it's about to be a crazy funny movie
My house?
lol you welcome it was good at the beginning but I couldn't get into it
Join Adfed Miami Sept 22. 7-10pm for the Salute to the ADDYs @ The Sports Exchange/Coral Gables. RSVP www.adfedmiami.com
Greater tragedy: An aging and increasingly paraniod population dictating state laws -OR- Adam Sandler still being allowed to make movies?
RT : Real soon, I'll need a better excuse than "Sorry, I'm trapped in a Chilean copper mine right now."
please I get so bored. Text me if u doo
MT : Um, not sure if you heard about my intvw wi the President today?? You'll see it tonight on & tmrw
I swear this school district ain't shitn
Because helped out did all of the technology production for the event for us!
WOULD SOMEONE LIKE TO CO-OWN AN ACCOUNT? THIS GIRL NEEDS HELP
#NFL schedules released today - would you rather #Chargers play tougher games early in season or late?
hey there, stranger
now that your arm is busted, you should get someone else to do the cooking for ya! :)
On a tour of Willow Creek Church production area.
you could have spoken to me just as much as I could have spoken to you. Are you coming to the show Friday?
Rise and Grind #I'm UP #
Knight's stubbornness and ignorance is getting the best of him. Does he realize he looks like an idiot?
Two strong storms are blooming west of the metro now, one near Litchfield and another heading into Glendwood.
Better start tweeting
omg everytime you tweet a quote I'm nearly in tears their so sweet and cute ! Loveyou , please follow or tweet me <3
Congrats to for her Single "The Look" charting #20 on the iTunes Country Chart in Germany
that's fine:)
“: I'd train my brains out to jump up to the elite heat to watch you lap me.” My Mac & Track worlds just intersected!
a cocarita will help!
whoa! - since when were you so gangster?!
The two big social nets are #Twitter and #Facebook with logos 't' and 'f'. #Programmers know them as 'true' and 'false'.
Went to bed early, so now I will be up the rest of the night. Time for some late night/early morning TV.
glad to be a part of the sm girlfriends world absolutly love this ....
Love hearing from you!
CM will host a free talk tomorrow at 7:30 pm on the LA Riots. 's will moderate. RSVP to (213) 473-7002.
Sushi Rocks = Best place EVARRR (: ahaa .
gave a visit to the set for Chapman Elementary auction! They're so supportive of Portland & we love them back!
They sing. They dance. They die. The Independence Community Theater is doing a preview show for us of Scream Queens: The Musical on 4-28.
#Energy is that amazing feeling that comes to life inside of you when you're happy and believe in yourself.
Wow! happy mother's day to my mother!! The most strongest , beautiful, confident , fearless woman in the world :)
if u wanna dance, dance and if u wanna sing juss sing. dont let anybody stop u.
Yes it is!! www.thegreatdividemusic.com
yeah but no...when u guyzzz asked me am i mad??...i sed NO but im actually am...i just kinna hide it....n
Elle Fanning is a little girl? Coulda fooled me.
Madison tonight. Minnesota tomorrow damn
I have had my twitter for some time but I really wanna get back to the bullshit tweets
ha! this is why i love you.
“: Happy Cuatro de Mayo! May the Fourth be with you.”
I'm ready for a nap!
Still on the road...
RT: RT TrainerTip - Great learning facilitators are a guide on the side, not a sage on the stage.
i'm mad as hit at cuz i tried to talk to him on webcam and he skipped my ass smh
have a good weekend. Thanks for the chat this week!
thanks for having us! You made a lot of new fans.
Was the first published black novel released before or after Slavery was abolished by President Lincoln? go to www.americanlegacymag.com
remember that one time I was gonna get up early to get a lot done in the AM but then I slept till 11? remember when that was today?
sorry to butt in - comment may be n/a. from #PtSafety perspective not happy w/ c1do1 etc
Um..Ew..?? Don't u spammers kno that u spell "porn" "pr0n"? Amateurs & so beneath my professional level. Kthxbai xoxo
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon to not become like every other asshole guy
Time for DVR delayed idol.
Pretty soon we'll be offering some Ethiopia Tchembe N2 coffee. We've had this in the past, and it's amazing.
#hth2012 quest on Archimedes Palimpset (materials, temperature, humidity / PH, etc.) all taught with modding commercial games
Is excuse me or I'm sorry to long to say? Imean dang come on peeps.
Where is the good music at!!? gheesh!!!
what are the other languages?
Whenever I see a guy who's in touch with his feminine side, I usually think to myself "he's either gay or Mormon."
Brewers are on the MLB network tonight at 8:35 CST and Braun isn't in the starting lineup.
Made my easy-peasy #quinoa #salad tonight and it was a hit! It'll be even better as part of my lunch tomorrow ;-)
RT : I think we should get #SpreadTheLove a TT !
Christmas is fun with kids. My little girl had a great time. Her favorite was a barbie Jeep. She needs her own parking space in our garage.
It's old but still really in RT : I'm wearing my Dolce & Gabbana dress that I wore to my Year 9 formal. It s
On my way to Cirque du soleil with my best fraaaannnn! :)
Not tonight, please, we're a little short-handed.
y'all should have a contest an winner gets to spend a day with you guys ( hint hint lol) ;)
Your clothes are making me uncomfortable, please take them off.
Y'all just rapping
--> RT : LMAO #OOMF said if you want this pussy life her gut you gotta work fo this...shes a riot
Although orgs can't set up accounts on Google+ yet, librarians should play with it now and learn it, in case it catches on.
FINALLY!!!! got verified!! woooohoooo, we should all celebrate *happy dance*
girl yes! Finally we all freaking girls my little brother is 2 years old
Not a chance . RT Your prego RT : I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting. It's a warning
okay. 10 for our hunty skype date. (: I will be busy with life guarding, 2nd job & summer classes ):
Dear friend, I love you too death. but PLEASE stop trying to dougie!!!!!
ya my goal was to break that mark by the end of the year :-)
Now I want to get back to #flipboard - this twitter stream looks too messy...
. thanks for help spreading the word!
It's nice to see you Thanks for following!
#slash w/ #blackeyedpeas - how random. The only singable part of
This week I'm giving myself the gift of 's Prize Winners during work breaks.I want to lick Goodbye Ruby to thank it for being.
I'm not sure yet my parents aren't home yet but the doors open at 6
also I'm liking Angels under 8 today
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday! We're back to normal hours, pop in for brunch today until 3pm, then enjoy Happy Hour 3pm-Close!
Bad decision to by Wilson to spike the ball. What a game
With Joy shall you draw waters from the wells of salvation.
oh, you live in portland then?
Did you see my Status on facebook????
Heading to Wrigley today. I kinda like the #Brewers chances, but only if Suppan can limit the #Cubs to say around 9 runs.
If you must fall, Fall forward!
Thank you Veterans.
Tired from nothing :L x
Places everybody...here it comes. Storm hitting Brown Deer right now.
Stoked to be present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to teach Spanish to black adults after-work...introducing KY to AfroLatinos!
And we're off! Thank you so much to all of our generous sponsors for making this possible- especially our presenting sponsor, #MillerLite!
i swear i can listen to kid cudi all day!!js
can u fulfill my fantasies?
Thanks for the tweet ! That's right, free shuttle to Brewer Home Games! Swing batta!
I turned my head to avoid him<U+3002><U+3002><U+3002>don't want saw him <U+3002><U+3002><U+3002>But he staring at me<U+3002><U+3002><U+3002>how can I do?? that's Pain
the funny thing about Scharpling is that he's ruthless with his callers. Gives but can't get.
MADISON PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!<3(:
Didn't ask, please don't tell! LOL : )
takin mike james to IHOP: 'my treat, uncle',
Sorry to be missing all of the Walgreens action back in Chicago...
nope I haven't but I'll check them out (: hey I'll be back later on tonight ttyl
just checked my grades for the semester: A,B,B,B thats pretty str8 for someone who hasn't bought textbooks in 3 years lol
Why is "Man on Fire" on right now?! I need to go to bed but I love this movie!
BTW, the person beating me is a photographer from right here in MY TOWN! Can you believe that? We started out about the same time.
Basketball is amazing this time of the year! Good to see FSU is gonna beat the Dukies... I love college hoops more than any other sport!
363: I learned that vitamins B, C, D & E are good for your brain and keep it functioning well into old age, so I'm thankful for veggies!
Mask Brothers 4 Life!
Happening Now: Pandia is killing it on stage at #whiskeytango They are good!!!
Thanks you sir!
Hi Megan! Thanks for the support. I will let you know. I'm aiming to launch the kickstarter early next week.
You guys went and saw it i'm going later today! Have you read the other books..
coming to the show next week babes ?
Order a lot of Za and book the conf room for 4 hrs. Going IN on this Learning Luncheon.
Grizzlies are playing OKC Thunder today at 2pm! Get down here & watch our stolen team... cheap drinks and eats.
History exam
Honestly did anyone think Texas would be Oklahoma?
Dude! You would retweet that tweet! ;]]
interview canceled due to the severe ice storm...
can't wait to share the stage with y'all!!! (:
#dmdcawards finalists: did we miss you or any of ur dancers in today's #FF? Please let us know their handle(s)
The Memphis tigers let the entire country down this year..including the president
Trifecta! RT haha.it's the 1st thing I told J when I woke. It's Hitlers bday. Columbine. And 4-20 smoke fest.
Im at worrk i'll try and go wen i get off tho
Definitely! Give us a call (phone number on website) and we'll help you out!
If I were to ever draw graffiti on a wall, I would do what teachers always do and write "SAVE" next to my work. That'll show 'em.
So nothing's changed? :) RT : I'm always stirring up trouble. Everyday.
i think should tweet me... why? just cuz I have nothing better to do(:
Now throw your hands up in the sky
oh alright. and thats good man. I'm just preparing for finals atm. then I get to come home.
Excited for tonight at w/
On a side-note, I need a new Lal avatar, but I can't find a good image to turn into one. orz
well I'm working this summer so what day would it be exactly man??
Is it me or players in the NBA are getting really soft. What happen to playing ball, stop looking for a foul every trip down the court.
Agreed. A lot of column A and some of column B is a good recipe
Thank you. I'll try to stop by tomorrow.
Torres on for #ChelseaFC Get one!
LeGarrette Blount owners: Pretend it's 2007 & pick up Earnest Graham. Former fantasy football stud could be a waiver wire gem.
Eminem new album..... > COMING SOON...!
ugh gotta get that leeeaaddd!
Great day in the classroom today! Love teaching about the emergence of Capitalism and Marxism.
Congratulations to Heard about your house and Nursing! Miss you! Hope everything is well! :))
Member ship to best for best fitness!
Chicago please..Metro area
Amusing myself watching the #OccupyBaltimore drama between and
Wanted a cup of tea yet grabbed a glass of wine <-- why yes it has been a long day.
Straight Hip-Hop love songs with the finisher Mr. Cee on Hot 97
"Don't forget the Supah!" * voice*
The author will be a speaker at the ALTAFF Gala Tea at Midwinter. DM me and I'll save a seat for you at the Harper table.
People who STAY on nowaygirl
you should try it. Probs my 3rd or 4th fav mainstream beer (fat tire being up there towards the top)
I kissed a girl and I almost died...
Why do we build the wall?
oh I hope so! If they come to dallas then yes!
many thanks! Hope u can make it portland soon!
Don't forget to sign up for Friday's user group ft. CampusHelp Financial aid! Email to sign up!
Searching for that meaning.
WAIT I like that song called I like it like that by hot chille rae
MT : Tonight & are kicking off a summer long conversation on race. Join the conversation w/the hashtag
true with slight correction: I know how to properly rest/ unwind so I work even better :)
I feel like i shouldnt even try
Going hard on my memoir(:
on ss... They are like the plague.. Pouring beer like Locust
This is #pet rescue month. Be an angel and rescue a shelter pet today! Your rescue dog or cat will probably rescue you back! xox
Thanks for the follow! We have a really unique bread we'd love you to try out. The website is being redone, so bare with me
yeah i did and its really good :)
I wish I was rich, but then again, who doesn't
Harn Eminent Scholar in Art History (HESCAH) proposals due Feb. 27 for 2012-13 year. Who would you like to bring to campus?
whos play first?
I think I'll go to bed now. I'll follow more people tomorrow:p
Really looking forward to the & double feature tonight!
We just got partnership! Right on :D
thanks 4 the #ff! Have a good weekend
T1: I have to exercise, be active, and get adequate rest!
ohh true. Are you going to opening day with me and alex?
Math city bitch math math city bitch, math city bitch math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 makes 50 bitch!
iMultitask: While in meetings where my role is primarily listener, dial in using cell phone and go for a walk.
Finally watching on Adore, adore, adore her.
Its amazing, was on this boat 3 yrs ago ": Cruising the Inner Harbor w/ the Scotsman and crew after SMEI networking event."
Thanks for the follow!...yeah man, send me a link to some of your stuff.
Help us reach our goal of 1,000 followers by RT and telling your friends to follow ! Thank you!
keep forgetting how much I enjoy the twitterverse; I should come here more often. Even better now that is now tweeting.
I still got it for ya I still got it for ya
must you always play a douch bag with really bad hair?
Thanks! That's what I ended up going with. Oh, the things we write about....
Great article. I just tweeted it out, sorry I forgot to retweet you on it!
The tracks I got comin are ALL bangers.
worse in person
Would you guys rather us play Birdy's (Indianapolis 21+) or Jake's (Bloomington 21+) on Friday, February 24th?
Now that sux! You know who to harass when you get there!
wee always text you and you are always to be to hang out with us.! smh
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be their world.
this is why we get along!!! ;)
Roby woke asking if he could do something like a rock star this morning. Then he freaked out when I told him we didn't have any oatmeal.
At SFO waiting for next flight. 4 more days on the road then home....
English is booooorrringg
just followed u
#indieview a1: judy blume was definitely hot. It was slightly scandalous (I'm old!) to even be reading in her 4th grade.
That's awesome. Congratulations. And such cute clothes for little girls!
and, now it's stuck in mine, too. :)
My mom is annoying.
Even though you live like on the other side of the world I still have a crush on you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
you are very good at playing basketball.
Those at #CovertTU are wondering where is....
I can't stand watching Tyra
Hi Tone, resident Russia watcher. Your thoughts on #Hollande, a little further west?
So happy I getti buy a dress for my friends party but my bf won't text back so I'm kinda freaking out!! ):)
I am one month into changing up the lifestyle, and succeeding at it so far. I feel great
Then why did the USSR go from backwater feudalism to world power in 30 years?
Tweeting from hackathons and #SWMadison is hard for me... I jump into the weeds for the span of event, soak it in and then come up for air.
-he'll never give up on me..
so many people at starbucks....
Rooms available this evening for your post Superbowl crash.
A 2013 Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 will lead the starting field of the 96th Indianapolis 500 on May 27.
Congrats to David Condon for being the employee of the month! Look for some exciting news for tomorrow's #elections from !
ha ha. Sorry. I'm an idiot. I'm just giving my good friend a hard time.
Just finished our comic {check it out... www.belowthebrim.blogspot.com}. Right now I'm tweeting to myself but we'll grow soon. LOL.
Working on marketing stuff all weekend....Time to tighten things up!
the old people can back to haunt me lol, my doggie sound a sleep lol
": Aye!!!get money fast pedal to medalRT : On another level by #NP on "
I love when rappers name drop designers.
Does anyone at RISD have a solid state relay I can borrow? cc Risd Architecture / RISD : Digital + Media
Check out our san duwgo groupon running now! Get great deals on tickets for 2/26 show!
Non-lawyers owning law firms will happen. Next 5 years or so (already in Australia and Great Britain).
Just got my hair done :)
RT : It's not about how hard u fall it's about how fast u get UP!
the world just lost a beautiful soul with ruby red lips and dancing feet. love you forever, grandma.
CHALLNEGE: Feeling lucky? The first 7 fans to get 7 people to "Like" their post will win a FREE Fit2Go meal! You only have until 4 p.m....
In Paris. It is beautiful!
Rock Smith
"Damn foo, you're always eating!!"
Excellent. It's that time of the year where the birds start painting my car with their feces.
What Are the Odds That Stats Would Be This Popular?
That would help! When will you be in San Francisco?
RT : #Lollapalooza this weekend -- if you volunteer you get in for free! Volunteering pays!
RT just been called fat by my parents. back to the ricecake diet i guess...
Like I actually listen in bio . lmfao hell no.
sure thing!
Tumblr is down..
shooting for a primetime appearance...no pun intended
In the past when I was in Hollywood, I was like a dog. I felt humiliated...People would even ask me 'Jackie Who?'. -- Jackie Chan
great article today!
well see
is anybody putting out the J.wilson record here? Love him
Oh yeah my friend from Columbia just taught me how to salsa!
What?! RT : Most impressive passers @ 1st glance this afternoon: Landry Jones, Anrdew Luck & Jordan Jefferson.
The best response to a negative review is to do a better job the next time.
lucky :c
Do people really need to shit and talk on the phone at the same time? -.-
I follow u :)
- Lol no YOUR PUT MAID OR BUTLER! I think it should be opposite
Leaders aren't born they are made.Through hard work. And that's the price we all have to pay to achieve that goal or any goal.Vince Lombardi
I hope u have a nice day i am going to schol in about a half an hour <3 I can wait till the last day of school
Sending a birthday shout out to our very own !
#RedSox RHP Aaron Cook was sent to the DL...Andrew Miller was recalled from #PawSox as rehab window would have expired today.
75% of access of her district's databases came after school, on holidays and weekends.
nah trust Kevin durant in like 3 years is going to be on the top
I was disappointed in Young Adult except for Paton Oswalt was AMAZING!!!!!!!
I couldn't agree more. Enjoy your travels.
Any opportunities that have come with using twitter
can you really have a bushel of stone crabs?
Definitely Mark Smith's home run the night of the Cordova/Rincon no-hitter in 1997.
how was the workout sir?
The tech in me is screaming for an iPhone!
RT : Not every potato is the same, and differences in starch can alter an entire dish. Learn the best use for each potato:...
No one has ever drowned in sweat
Hope the Genuine Girlfriends Win! I'd love to make this a reality! We help people/nonprofits while building genuine friends
Verdict just in... I'm staying on the plaza!!!
should be down with that - too bad lives at home now, would have been a nice addition
Don't miss Dance Yes We Can! featuring a wide variety of dance talent from the DC region. Tickets only $25 at www.shakespearetheatre.org
lol guys do lie..
well, its not the Cubs. But it will do.
Minister Franklin Hobbs: I am concerned about recriminations. There's a sense of hopelessness in the community.
Very cool! Which saint?
A lot of folks in IT and especially in storage are unhappy hockey fans tonight.
I agree! RT I think should let you go down the slide!
i read the first chapter of the first one and was like this is shit idgaf
Happy 2012 from everyone at UA!!! Hope everyone had a fun and safe weekend.. with minimal hangovers :)
enjoy the family time. Hope you doing well:-)
Ok so Selena deleted her instagram & supposedly Justin dmed a fan saying its true him & Selena did break up....
haha what? Help me understand... Found your twitter through the image pin wp plugin btw.
great to catch up with you today at #aatc. Look forward to continuing our discussions.
Got a NEW SONG up now! "All I Need". Check it out!
These pigeons are pecking at each other's faces. Not the brightest.
ill call the liquor store
GRRRRRRRR!!! Let me at 'em!! I'll sort 'em out for you!!
Hope you're geting great capital gains from the sale of Takes a while to build up a lot of Twitter contacts.
A couple things I didn't know- County Council can't fire Chief Teare, but it can impeach Leopold. Would need 5 votes on the 7 member council
11/1/11 - Gotta be something special about this day!!! Cool...
thx! We were shocked too!
#TeamUgly and im proud <3 the only person that needs to tell you that your pretty is yourself <3 Believe in yourself
wheres the money in the bank match?
So everything the White Sox do with their bullpen this year is stupid, huh?
it is true
#Obama2012 seems a lot like Jimmy Carter 1980. Failed President trying to make opponent seem scary, while dodging his own record.
You would be 21 it's ok
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
why don't you like Katy Perry?
IM TIRED ASS FUCK DUDE..FINNA DROP MY FRIEND OFF AT HIS HOUSE THEN IM TO THE HOUSE N OUT LIKE A BABY WIT A HOT BATH N CEREAL BOTTLE:-) !!!!
morning! Thanks for the wishes, wishing you the same.
Due diligence can identify opportunities to improve IT effectiveness, cut costs and fully leverage resources. Learn...
#3WordsForYou never ever forget
Been watching #NewGirl on #Hulu. Have become a fan
That's my butt! Not yours! ;)
Exercise your mind, READ!
Three years ago today I saw Sing It Loud play the Rave Bar for $8. It was my first ever show at the Rave, thanks to .
Nothing is more terrifying than a seemingly endless sneezing spell.
like on TV and have a party and stuff. :)
Ok....take all the time yhuu need (; :P
Laptops for Kids & Teens starts at 3:30. Get the extra computer time you need to finish that final project before the school year ends.
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great day!
Do you ever sit outside and look, really look, at all the different shades of green in nature? It's Really amazing!
.i wish i had someone to grub with right now...
I'm good, thanks! How are you? :D
Hey, what happened to your tumblr?
how are you coming along?
Watching at sxsw
People who have dreams and do what they can to reach them are so amazing!
What happens at the Maryland writers conference?
Just rescued a little red kitten! He was left to fend for his self! Now he has found a friend for life! Happy Oct. To everyone!
Lol, I like Kansas City. Good, solid, And temperate, just like me. Nice change of pace. And I got to see family, which is good
my bad i ment bo we was suppose to do vegas togetha
yall killed it at HALO !!
sit n the spa chair
It's Far Better to Buy a Wonderful Company at a Fair Price Than a Fair Company at a Wonderful Price" Warren Buffett
Great music begins at 4pm. , , ,
You're so cute with that smile you got going :)
hey wassup spoke to harry at jump off.. do you want to come thru to unity radio for an interview..
wow, it makes one wonder, of all the account numbers, how/why that one
We hit the $4 mark last week. It's down around $3.85 or so now, but we'll see how long that lasts!
I wanna go bowling
and KU library providing open access to current and past scholarship.
oh yes my friend we make the most harmonious shit ever!
today closed .....see you tomorrow!!
Trying to find your car in a #WalMart parking lot.
Q6 We do have a "wall of shame" in the workroom. We keep photos of thieves+if we see them we watch them
It's not the wind, it's the set of the sail in your heart. Where are you setting your sails on today? That is where you are heading today.
Is it weird that I play tag with my cat?
Hi Everyone, I am at the doctors office, expect more offers to come, hang in there. We are negotiating more deal to save you more money.
ah aha yeah good luck with that! :)
rekindling a friendship
Cant wait for friday!
you should
Deaf People can't hear there own farts. Wow!
I'm playing 20 people on Draw Something and nobody is freaking going right now. ugh!!!
please answer my DM is important..for me
You obviously have REALLY good taste :)
Ahoy matey! haha RT not judging....it's a pet peeve! Khakis and blue blazer just scream "Oh Captain!"
Then you are.
what if it were a Union Bay, instead?
different pizza types for every person :)
Key advice. RT “I try to create sympathy for my characters, then turn the monsters loose.” —Stephen King
ik its gone get crazy lol bt we just gotta pray for them ppl.
Freshman and sophomores that complain about how they didn't get to go to prom <<<< #uh #awkward #underclassmenprobz ?
wow! got a makeover. Love the new design. So clean, so 2012!
If you followed us and are still waiting for that coupon code, shoot me a tweet and I'll DM you (buy 2 shirts, get 10bux off)
Yay party tonight @ ravens
Look in my profile on twitter and look at the picture at the end I am with my brother there is a picture -
Thanks for the shout outs ! Together, we'll help residents save on energy!
its TAX TIME!!!!! We are giving away $75 Send-A-Friend
It is great to see Americans having so much success now. Hell, even once-maligned Jozy Altidore is lighting it up (two today)
been off Twitter a while but just came back. Love the Popes. That would be Awesome! Still avail??
are you still not going to enter in the contest:)?
Happy April 1st Tweeps! I knowI am not following any Fools! Have a wonderful day. Going to get my #church on!
It's Friday! What is on the weekend agenda?
oh good!! Yes, it was nice. I still made dinner, but I had my little family all to myself all day. :)
S/O to the most important woman of my life and my mother! They are both great mothers and I love the dearly!! <3
too cool!!! Knitting outside with a double barrel next to you omg!
#raw10 Broke up wit a woman cause she lied about her Job. she said she was a Ad Dir. she Twirled Signs
omg!! I NEED that in my life!!
its now time to see if i can get a follow from and for my birthday<3
is this seriously happening on the 10 strings & a choir? as your backup? How is this a singing competition?
Awesome! :) Great music taste...I like all of those!
Oh lord. Just like #peterose. Downward spiral...
So sleepy. Someone make me waffles.
hahhaha I swear I thought I was following you. Like legit.
Switchin between Martin n Da Clippers Game
Was good meeting publicist, at the ETA theatre production of FLOW at Westinghouse high.
WHY IS EVERYONE BEING TAGGED AS SHOES ON FACEBOOK.
haha I'm glade u understand me and my humor ;)
stupid ticket!!!
your welcome here in Chicago any time.
Ask Anna: Specialty paint spruces up countertops
i'm across the street at work and wish I was watching ovie instead. There was a pep band outside and popo on horses!
RT : Please know that hardywood is a magical place with delicious beer in #rva. Everyone go. You're welcome.
Wi-fi installed at home...getting my place ready for the iPad 3!
suree why not
“: Having a cocktail #WINNING” thanks for coming sir!!!
My mom is going to be so pissed right now.
Digital Media Ghost (DigMedGhost) thanks for the follow.
that sounds quite awkward
These bachelors are creative AND good looking oh we!
Every time I say #leduh I can't help but think of That's what I get for reading #WhatCourtneyWore religiously!
How about? "Don't let a hot date turn into a DUE date."
Sex in a gazebo by a lake in the summer rain :)
Amazed today at how quickly responded to our API issue via Twitter and mail. Nice job guys! I'll check out your E4 product.
Dont only Girls get hurt..:/
Yes“ #MoreFemalesShould Stop wearing fake Red Bottoms !!!”
Congrats ma'am!! RT : I graduate college in 8 days! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I am seeking advice on renting out my house, or a portion of my house. Who should I talk to for an assessment?
that's really all you can do. I should be in NC next weekend... maybe we can do lunch :-)
Our Holiday Shopping Special Edition hits inboxes tomorrow! Be on the lookout!
#uwannaimpressme eat me til I'm dry
I miss Tosh and Yento. :/ RT : heh, true. the only thing similar are jack, gwen, and jack's libido.
definitely, it's time to move away from jquery callbacks soup
very cool! ty for thinking of me :)
well, I always have time. Aha, we'll work something out(:
God Morining World!!
Just got out of the studio.
Thank you and "An Evening with the Arts" was awesome event! All of your hard work really paid off! Thanks :-)
Thank you for adding your notes to our unAgenda. We look forward to collaborating with you.
Tell me, I’ll forget. Show me, I may remember. Involve me and I’ll understand -Ancient Chinese proverb
I thank God for blessing me with such amazing friends & such an amazing boyfriend...I'm truly so thankful.
hm....good day to launch a balloon;)
Happy SPD to you also. I want to get drunk from ur big ass >:)
I'd take Nate Swanson, Duke of Como, over that British stiff any day of the week.
Wait til you see what the Denton's did to their home. It's part of the Tour of Remodeled Homes this weekend. at 6:30pm.
Music has a role in changing the whole world: often slowly, 1 person at a time it calls us 2, reminds of us of, our better selves: always!
It's time to come home :-(.
My big accomplishment today was wearing pants. Laundry be damned.
Sounds like you're loving agency life :) and I want to come play in Chicago with you soon!
Lincoln softball sweeps Redmond, wins game two 5-2 C Huston goes 4, gets win, T Muir last 3 for save Cards now 16-1
Congrats on getting closer to finishing "The Dust That Floats.... very happy for you!
AJ is just mad because he is a huge idiot what else is new how you been kelli i miss uxxxx
But of course. :)
Doctor's office with my mom
“: : great!”that's what's ul
"Real music you rarely hear/ Unless you listenin right here"
Seeing in a few hours fcjkdsodeifjdieo
you ain't ready for panama! You bet not be all chill like last year! I need crazy gogo ash!
impossible! goonies is way better... a classic!
Having fun with a co-worker's Southern pronunciation of "Winnebago." Sounds like "rutabaga."
<U+2665> Ariana is Gorgeous Liz Gillies is Beautiful Best Brother Frankie <U+2665>
www.SabaSabaMusic.com representing Uganda,Africa to the fullest.
some apartment burned down so me and my mommy donated clothes for the poor familys that lost everything in the fire ;D
Yay for retreating to write! Beach = massive bonus. Hugs to you
Thanks. Best to you and family during this trying time.
what are you talking about? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I should add..... I desperately want to go to at&t park. Look how awesome it is there!
thanks lady! Enjoy the weekend!
your baby daddy's new facebook picture, omg.
Like this if you have ever been stranded on the side of the road!
Good morning from ATL!! :-) Have a wonderful day in Salem!! xo
no rattlesnakes. But thanks for the concern boo. :)
fact: i have never used skype.
classic! Watched the trailer for "battleship" the movie today.
RT : “If only they enforced bank regulations like they do park rules, we wouldn’t be in this mess.”
Next time I'm getting the 64 GB iPhone this one already full sheesh
If you write "I'm kind of a big deal" in your twitter bio in some sort of ironic jest, you've just told me all I need to know.
The Angels of Transparency, together with Archangel Raphael are here to help us to heal the Inner Child.
Even without the buzz of #nyfw, I'm missing NYC, big-time.
My strategy is to pin based on my personality/community-making it integrated into the day
#10FBTips Monitor Insights. Engagement Rate = # of People Talking About This divided by # of Likes. Avg. engagement rate is 2%
Nice evening, and birds happily chirping.
I got a good feeling about today! Or it might just be my drugs talking
i cant find my shoe :c LOL<3
Thank you for the follow!
Wow...Robert "Mutt" Lang turns 63 today. Happy Birthday "Mutt". Amazing music producer working and creating music with amazing artists!
Working both jobs today agh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#Bears up 3-0 over the
Without humor life is boring. Without love life is hopeless. Without friends like you, life is impossible.
RT : Thx for the retweets! I follow anyone who follows, favorites, retweets me! (Except haters, ranters, scammers, spammers.)
im geeking out over here
No ones gonna cry on the very day you die. You're a bully.
Outside laying in the sun for gym. Most beautiful day ever I'm so excited for this summer<3 #perfection ?
Is there any bigger joke than BCS Football? #OhioState 's Pryor&5 other 'mates latest suspended for benefits. No playoff system. $$ > edu.
Happy #Halloween from #SanDiego! The sun is shining on !
i straight cried reading the pic on the tagge 12s website
Canelo Alvarez u doing your thing this is why Mosley bump your head cause he scare #ppv #MGM #las Vegas
I'm telling you, he needs and extension, and an e-mail address!
“: your account is sending spam messages.” I got one from you too
My brother is such a spaze. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Sometimes, doing something outrageous & dangerous could be the best option when your world feels as if it's crashing down.
I don't think Spotify will work over there. You should go to Laneways, though, M83 and SBTRKT will both be there!
Thanks for the retweets! Hope to see you there!
Finally got my 1st round of golf in yesterday
pick up a copy of this weekend for the July 12th meeting of the author, will be in attendance.
Thanks dude!! I knew it was your first show, but not about the BF thing. Oh well, at least you had a good time LOL
Crap! I really wanted that glove! LOL.
having a fantastic food tasting and shooting for the new website. Pocs coming soon!
Now celebrating our wins...at the Outback:)
Thank you! I so appreciate that! Keep holding on to God's word...
Making my hangover go away thank you
Saturday afternoons are great self maintenance time! Massages reduce the heart rate and lower blood pressure. Take time for yourself!
In fact I think they should do a remake with Billy Joel singing the theme song. You got a problem?
Great food is like great sex. The more you have the more you want
Just want to thank everyone who came out to the huntington arts fair, we really had too much fun!
Not worrying about it til it happens <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wonder if will peform #yourgirldoesparty on the Mickey Avalon summer tour? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Thank you Anthony. Hope you are well. Have a great Week! XOXOXO
I am a certified bonafied chubbychaser
Most definitely! I taste a glass of wine & feel a hot bath in my future! ": GRANDMA'S RULE......"
Setting up Twitter
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI (Best Restaurant EVER), just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!!
Going to be Good!
think about it: do u think Mike Tomlin, Raheem Morris, Marvin Lewis, Lovie Smith would've even gotten interviews back then?
rt A diva is someone who is a perfectionist, who does her best in her craft.
Awe that's so good to hear! =)
we wanna connect with u and inspire youth to be safe sex superheroes!
A tremendously creative person with a flair for parody accounts could, say, create
Fireball Shots?
Just found out that the in between towel is called a "hand towel". Yes, my woman informed me (shrug life)
You're the man :)
BUT Vinny hasn't been as bad as people think he is as a coach and #imnotevenjoking about that statement!
does MobileIron work with all #PKIsolutions ?
Improv 4 Kids has a matinee show today (saturday) at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center.
Friday once again..... everyone have a great weekend...
“: I bet women who can orgasm when they masturbate don't need sleeping pills.” Nope.
Fun ass day with allyssa and John. <3
Thank you both so much for your help! I am really grateful! U both get bonus karma! (at least in my mind U do)!
Five more days until show!!! Can't wait to meet all the other vendors!
No one in SD can come close to 's grip on politics! I watch to be informed and stay on top of my desk game! :)
What happened to Brangelina?
RT In peace there is great positive power. Let peace be, and let it come through you.
just keep running and you'll see plenty of 'em. :)
AHAHAHA. Please take a picture that you deem beautiful so that you can inspire me to study harder. xoxoxo
Big up to those that came out to my show last night. Big up to amber rose for showing love thx
shit i need to bring up my grade in world geo and world history... my mom's going to kill me.
yeah me too
Ok, Dean too.
A co-worker is speaking Spanish on the phone. I think he's ordering Chinese. I'm not sure because I don't speak Spanish or Chinese.
Wish I could wish you the best.
co-hosting the MTV new year show! :) bro tried changing the channel to mess with me and I screamed at him.
Cocaine?! Where?!
T Jones getting saluted like an army general! I love it!
on conferences/committees: these incur incredible expense, involve too much talking, and way too much tension...
NFL owners & players may have signed a new CBA, but I've never seen tensions higher between league/owners & current players/retired players
#smcrva approach #socialmedia like writing a tv pilot: what's the plot? Be succinct
I tried shoving a pen up my cat's vagina and she left, bed time for Bryan :)
Awesome! I love how visual #Kanban is.
At on hwy and greenfield - I guess the burger king right by here was robbed minutes ago? Dang
#WI lost more jobs (9700) last month than ANY other state. Hows that #walker reform work en for ya Wake up!
In this case the cynic is correct.
Are people still able to see the #kodm live feed? Heard from at least one person that it isn't working.
mommy && grandma had a wonderful #MothersDayToday and thats all that matter that they enjoyed there day! :)
What do people use instead?
The fact that there has been so much talk about Reggie Evans in a big NBA Playoff game.
Yo I thought you were gonna start spinning some local songs on ??
Short sighted too.
Sucks to see Tebow go after that magical run we had, but Peyton Manning's not a bad consolation prize :)
Girls are a pain in the A$$ but I gotta love them!
Thank you for another fun filled evening of Mozart via !
LET IT BREATHE, TELL MY ANGELS "STAY CALM"
I'm trying to understand the space. What other open source platforms are comparable to CKAN? Thanks!
and same thing with OKC/LAL
yeah by belmont w/
If I wanted to sit through a 3 1/2-hour disaster in 3D, I'd watch a Redsox game.
Money Matters: Parents can provide basic finance lessons for teens
A TRUE FAMILY AIN'T PERFECT ALL THE TIME!!! ALL LOVE AND ALL IN. JOWAYNE
Skipped nap btwn feedings to get stuff done.Wrapped V-day present for , but still haven't checked email.11 days and counting!...
I wish I could fall asleep early for once
"But you held my hand [and] You took me right back down to hell"
Half of the Chipley High School student body is responsible for why I hate the human race.
#sfopen - Herrera answers "breakdown silos" and start dept for innovation. wants 1.0 version with mgmt tie back.
Of course! My predictions for it will be up on tomorrow! #CheapPlug. Feel free to send yours in as well!
Donald is safe.
looking forward to date night with Ryan: Dinner and Les Miserables!
awesome show guys in NYC. I was blown away!!!
Yikes your sweet (: Thank you so much !
If I had to total it all up, I guess I do have more credits than debits in my life. - Paul Newman
when are we going to get it that the jig is up; the joke's on us; that our way forward is not Democrat or Republican?
Congrats on the bake off win!
The moon right now <U+E04C> >>>
Heard the thunder here over the game on the tv's!
Can I hit it in the morning ?
Report filed with Federal Trade Commission on Equifax bad practices. Most of the 99% doesn't have time for this nonsense.
Stay on your grind
Happy Birthday brotha! Keep making great music :)
I needa listen to my mom more, she's always right...especially about females
Are you in the office? Because I can tear you a piece of my little sandwich if so.
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
Accountants looking to go paperless? How about an imprinted USB Flash Drive for your clients tax returns?
got my fix today of J.O. ! Thank you! When are you coming to Hollywood?
My Car's smoking again...
Love live life ,,, so cliche but so so tru
bet that's was good, what els you got going on til then
yup, says VA right on there. Blind
that's next!
out for the day :)
Ditto. I propose that we have half days on Monday. Getting up when it's still dark out on a Monday morning should be illegal.
LA Clippers Lets go!
Well said.
#fridayreads How lovely - Envy you getting to read it for 1st time. Nesbit is one of the all-time greats!
A Customer just went off on me in the most professional way lol
Tomorrow should be a different kind of work day done with training and hopefully they'll keep new on first shift hours
Comedy club #ff plus lots more
RTRTRT : I miss omg
I have been sleeping so much this past week! I think my body's just catching up to all the work I'm doing :)
Two more incredible prizes coming up. Be sure to follow on twitter to be eligible!
West Campus. I can take items there for you if it's inconvenient!
IM WATCHIN EVEYDAY SEEING HOW TO PREFECT MY CRAFT. FROM WILD OUT WEDNESDAYS..TO FREESTYLE FRIDAYS. CRITICING EVERY ARTIST
: Don't think we haven't talked about it--help us find someone local to organize!
It looks like I will be getting in the building:-)
Thanks Kris! I was given a good start!
As a Royals fan I feel I can't argue any calls at 1st base
tons of races I want to do this summer - any other good ones?
lol u ain't been doin nothing. Lucky ass
Thanks! RT : #FemTrailblazer For being one of the many excellent speakers on legal issues,
who needs it. Sleeping is overrated lol.
ok, the last Draw Something was by my friend Lynn who is pleading because she's never done it before!
meeting up at knight fdtn booth now, deciding food options . where u?
You're #MyWish . Follow me, never change! I love u so much! You're incredible, I want cry when i hear your songs kisses 1. *-*
My Adele concert dvd just arrived , watching now , not taking calls our texts ...
I see that alot all over Downtown Orlando. Shits a mindfuck
wow! good luck
ya if you don't know this guy you should... Top in a lot of majors this year including top 8 at final round
Happy 4th of July! Going to the beach for some all day fun & fireworks!:D
hey today get 20% off @ bdw
Lifes Purpose is to grow, evolve, and expand. Make this your Purpose and life must support you. -- Kristopher Raphael ()
Spring is in the Air and now is the prefect time to paint your home before summer arrives.Interior/Exterior painting we do it all.
Anyone know how to get a ticket to the Tweet Up at #mlanet12 ??
Did you know that most Automatic Transmission hold 10+ quarts of fluid. During a regular pan drop service only 4-5 quarts are changed!
iT NEVER FAiLS...<U+26A0>
#RedHotChiliPeppers were amazing last night #Classic #Brilliant #Ridiculous #Fantastic -- at the
A million thanks to our friends for graciously hosting the meetup last night!
Send me a pvt email () and let's discuss your brickwall offline. K?
Twitter just suggested I don't go follow myself. Smart!
For all of the Mother's and those who provide Motherly care: Happy Mother's Day.
Driving in Fox Point on a warm Spring evening is like a real-live drivers ed simulation.
Kirkus, good source for book apps. Patron suggestions and various sources.
oh my goshh screw those WTP's !
Sorry! We've been working on it all night and expect it to be back up very soon. We will behead the responsible party soon!
Need to workout today but planet fitness stupid ass wanna be closed after 9 on weekends -___-
thanks for FF
All I want to do is go home and unpack my new apt. I think I'm addicted to decorating.
Stay tuned for the next big thing in the nati on Tuesdays is comin soon.
#Thankful for spanx tights.
No one is perfect that is why pencils have erasers
Whoa...did I just see semi-trailers flying through the Texas sky? Stay safe Texans, your newest tornado is not playing nice....
m meat.
great Ebook! Thanks for sharing.
Knowing what to do is one thing, doing what you know is "everything" otherwise, what you know means nothing.
Watching The Lion King :D
that's my point....
Jealous. . .Where's my Christmas present mutha fuckas!!!!!!
<U+2665> Dream on. Dream on. Dream on. Dream until your dreams come true <U+2665>
"i told my mom i want to get locked in a room with " only us
“: i miss you too” Um who the fuck are you? ..
high ass fuck already I'm lovin it
i need to back a tumblr!
#Pisces are extremely talented
Chaka Khan's music ALWAYS does the trick. :--)
I'm about to save so much money so I can start traveling with my monkey.
You tweeted something about tickets right after I did!!
RT : client is looking for expert in sterilization of disposable medical devices. Contact: 800-344-2623
Hm ok. I'll throw that in the magic hat of infinite Sunday possibilities. Thanks! :-)
25 more days of school... I can do this.
Only one more min. left..... RememberTrust
Cool! Coconut chip is now part of the regular flavors :)
Hunchback Assignments is on my to-read pile too. Let me know how it is when you get to it!
Spend your Summer vacation with us, please!
we r going at 4:40 to southside IMAX. U can come if u want.
I wonder if will ever notice me. Maybe im just invisble to him? Cody you should reply or DM me so i know <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!!!!!
For sure! I play under cakeparty :P
#HIMSS (healthcare IT) S FL conference in full swing Great info Hats off to Prez Jim McKeen & Prez elect Anita Wilson
nigga saw #mentionyourcrush and jumped back on facebook.
thanks for the ff!!!
Happy Christmas and Merry New Year!!!!!! Go Noles!
Been a tough 37 mins to watch
The highest temperature ever recorded was in Aziziyah, Libya in 1992. It was 136°F in the shade!
If its good, it's wonderful. If its bad, it's experience. #noregrets<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
#whosgonnalose - Rose Bowl (Update) - moved to tie vote
Who wants to get noticed by ? THIS GIRL! please:(...
Be It Unto You According To Your Faith! Hold Strong To The CONFESSION Of Your Faith! As A Man THINKS In His Heart So Is He!
Why is Pluto a pet? While goofy and Donald talk?
Slide to left ! Slide to the right ! Two hops this time ! Reverse reverse !
Anyone at Mr Fest? We play Vodka Street at 7:30
Society of Southwestern Archivists! In beautiful...Little Rock. At the hotel w/ ducks in the indoor fountain, so that's cool.
I love the tropics so much I even get their diseases in the northern latitudes. Go figure
I fucking hate college
True, everyone needs to find what works for them and not try to copy what works for others.
#AATC press panel "What's Hot?"… (surprised?) #mobile #bigdata … local, social, mobile startups are everywhere
I gotta get shots fired back at the haters earlier. I mean 30 points? That's like a Bobcats game.
Merry Christmas From the folks from Anytime Fitness! Hope you had a great one!
Oh wait. Really??? I heard it was canceled. If I am wrong I AM SO HAPPY!
hittin up the beach in MIA
Awesome! Do you just want me to email them to you?
Yow va dodo O:
BRAT diet?
Today I'm going to talk about words I love. Canards.
Got my car back! <U+263A>
I'd slap you , but i don't wanna get slut on my hand.
Nice chilly, still day for disking!
My new travel coffee mug leaks! Ugh Mondays
Ha! RT : Sleeping alone=sheets don't need to be washed as often, just sleep on the other side! I'm a genius! A lazy, genius!
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. #HellOfADeal visit Smitty, Lori, Dan & Robert.
i miss going to Central :/ Center was cool but NEVER cracking.
Istanbul conference back on after dust settles - will be presenting on our work in hybrid interface and artforms
thanks buddy but didnt work as supposedly "exceeded capacity". Sigh
building our list of people who want to test the site... Lets hear from you if youre interested!!
dude.. prty sure you scared th crap outta the folks on 'morning cup of joe' i was crackin up! keep #winning!
if I knew what that meant...
Twitter Twitter Twitter....
how did you find him?!
New studio is built. New music on the way. Yessirrrr
they are all a&r also
Police loaded William Garros into a van at #occupysd. Garros slowly spelled his name over and over for a camerawoman as police searched him.
okayy = I don't care k = i'm pissed so fuck off bitch
is integrated in almost every social web app on Earth. #truestory Also, I work inside Mailchimp on a daily basis.
My favorite business book is Million Dollar Consulting by Alan Weiss. It will put big money in your pocket.
Listening to/watching Adam Gopnik interview Nigella Lawson at the 92nd St Y
Highlight of San Diego so far: watching a cab driver clean his teeth with his grocery store rewards card.
I want Austin to grow out his curls, omfg!
I feel like shit. I wish I had the confidence to feel like I was good enough.
Those are my favorite!! Spicy, warm and delicious RT : My new way to kick an impending cold: Dan Dan Noodles.
I met Philip Glass and heard rock out at the Not a bad birthday, at all!
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. -Gandhi
Well anyways cant wait to see my bestfriend this weekend
LIL BOOSIE IS OUT OF JAIL?!
Possible to get reviews for US only?
Mike Clark quartet groovin at Bears Place!!
RT : RT : #MMG Press Conference is about to go down... Our guess is that is signing with Cash Money.
A Dragonflies average lifespan is just 24 hours! At least they can get out of doing the chores by saying they will do them tomorrow!
I haven't been this impressed by technology in a while
Cookies are done! Yummy :)
I'm tired!!! But can't sleep
lets take the train to Boston Saturday morning!
Jennifer Lopez telling Phillip Phillips he made that song his own makes me want to show her a Dave Matthews video.
Funny Penn Badgley walking behind me on the east vill. carrying a guitar looks more like Dan Humphrey on the books than the dan on the show
Due in large part to the fact that he didn't fight wars off the books, as you allowed Bush to do
Oh yeah, poor Meryl. That lady gets nothing.
Thank you!!!
never say never!
a championship decided upon 60 min just feels so hollow
started with math (grades 3-8); now testing reading lessons.
y i gotta b on "stuff" 2 luv u, hehehe!?
JJ Watt roughing penalty might be the worst call of all time..
+1 he gets on my damn nerves.
lol yup I sure am
Thanks for the retweets. Have a great weekend!
Furry Friday. I think we need to come up with fun names for every day! Today is Sleepin' in Saturday. Graduation last night you know!
Have you been in lately to enjoy our strains? Stop in and see us open till 7! Just a short drive down Federal! :D
yes! instant party right!? "fuck this test" says the college students "lets get fucked up"
Don't be afraid to make mistakes. Be afraid of not learning from them.
Next up is from my very own New York City bus. These guys are awesome! Getting real traction right here in Austin.
I can always use a friendly kick in the pants. ;)
What if Lil' Wayne did a Carter Family tribute album?
“ "Cook your own meal with James Toland @ Black Sheep, get 20 percent off your bill." Ha. Bye bye Black Sheep
In USA (California) Its 9:35 PM. What time is it where u r?? Howd u just wake up. im gonna sleep. Lol
I love you :)
brock huard wants conference challenges like cbb..... them schools wont go for that crap, especially SEC. UF dont like traveling.
Birthday fun with #shesthe best
Check out the Alzheimer's Association display at Kittle's Furniture in Castleton if you're doing some last-minute shopping!
please please follow me i ve been a fan since u were on youtube please follow!!! thsnks!!!
This summer might not be so bad after all!!
yess! lol I didn't realize you had one though..
hi, miss you
I like DW , but this is his last year in MIA
love the work you do for foodista!
. Season 8 reminded me of the intro to Swiss Family Robinson, except they all slowly drown in a miasma of despair afterwards.
yep she's the apple of this daddy's eye!
#theawkwardmomentwhen someone way more awkward than you is in a relationship and you're still single :(
Tweet me for a "to be honest..."
I will be snuggling him tout de suite!!
We will be closed Sunday & Monday next week, call for appointments if you want to get in before Labor Day!
the books are amazing and the TV show has done a great job adapting them
I really am craving some more of that chai tea you make! And I heard you weren't feeling well :( I'm sorry! Let me know if you..
Today is the first day of 's Making Connections effort. Enjoy 3x the interactions and dolphin access all day.
nice u should show it to me
you bet! good luck Liz.
IM BOUT TO DROP THAT MARVINS ROOM (freestyle) in the Next Hour w/ Chris Brown an Drake Verses on It
That name fucking follows me.
#PeopleNeedToStop what they are doing and commit a kind act for someone else :)
Hi! I am being well fed, thank you. Rosie Black Cat - Paddy Black Cat - am I looking into a mirror? MOL!
You're always making gourmet baked goods! You must share your secrets Jedi cake master!
Well first break is over back to work cant wait till 7:30
Why does do it yourself dinner night always involve me making a pizza crust for my 14yo? I'm doing something wrong.
I saw them in concert :p
Is #Madison as cold as #Milwaukee this morning?
Was just thinking that myself! RT : These announcers are reading my tweets.
YVW, good morning & thanks for the info :)
Bryan Baxter,David Bizzaro,Tate James,Joe Casey,Alan Novey,Dave Hanon,Jayson Lewis,Nathan Poppe,Brandon Bales & Shelby Stong THANK YOU!
Kansas sucks. So many missed opportunities. They didn't deserve to be in the final game.
9pm west coast time.
Goal of the Day: Burgers and dogs are great, but two burgers and two dogs are too much. Think about quantity this wknd and enjoy your 4th!
Seahawks will be waiving Rookie 7th round pick Pep Levingston today after making roster moves with waiver claims. #business ofNFL
Head down arse up today, nothing like killing a few brain cells in preparation for epic day on the bike #noprisoners today - sic em!
stupid rules!!
Something is wrong with usa she has fallen and can'nt get up .america must stand for something or fall for anything ..sad but true...:-(
I believe the girl she played with had scored one of her holes wrong and it was too late after Inglis signed off her card.
Poetry is a big part of who I am. For starters, if you want to know about me, turn to Whitman, Muir, Neruda & J. Jordan.
#bitches love me
Get to meet and
Been shooting for 2 days... one more to go!
Well, I was cheering for Michigan until I saw that obnoxious Spartan tears sign! Go VT
I've got 30 CDs to give away find me if you don't have one.
My coffee coolata >>>>
Shopping for the wknd company. RT : Hi Girls! What's happening with all of you today? Big plans?
You talk shit bout me yet you're worst.
Angel house health tip: Plants such as ferns, dracaenas and philodendrons naturally filter many allergens from the air. Fresh air, ahh!
spins every THURSDAY NIGHT @ IMBIBE in Nob Hill! 9pm-Close! #Albuquerque #Nightlife!!
And this series is gon be epic...2nd2none
My puppies love going get there hair done.
I felt I should tell you that I'm making chocolate chip cookies this week.
thanks for the RT!
Up got to find something to do today
damn still not in twitter jail
Hey #Mom / moms: how do U get yr tot 2 not look 2 U as entertainment all the time? lk when ur trying 2 make dinner?
- Trusted him with everything, Never hold back anything, thought we'd be together for the rest of our lives.</3
Did you still want to grab lunch this week?
Pissed off as soon as the 2010 packers are coming on....complete signal loss...damn satellite
RE: Walter Payton book - do we stop publishing biographies about dead historical figures now too? It's always about money sadly
I don't want to die in room 11.5 .Don't you know I'm already stressed here in room 10.6 . What do you want? Do you want to kill me or what?!
may be true, but we *think* we might know who you were talking about. She expertly ended the session.
WOOT! New office space secure. Meeting contractors later to bend space to my will.
how you doing? Sorry about DRose being out and the Bulls under the weather.
Easter Egg jar candle by PartyLite in Strawberry Rhubarb Just $10 Reg 22.95. Limited supply
ah how much r u wigging right now? Come on
We offer 10% off to teachers for cell phones, accessories, repairs. They just need to say Twitter/FB sent them.
and the state of the entire state, no less.
Woo. Now Go Kings!!!!
Lol Dan! Not! You and Neige should come to Mnpls for a visit soon.
hehe :P gotcha.. Now where are you?? still on school??
Slime & all, Justin Bieber can have my kids anydayyyyyy.
All the girls in the world , thats going through it with me Say Yeah , Yeah (Yeah Yeah)
About to watch The Lucky One with Beth! <AB
LMAO at when I ripped Khrystal's shirt :b
kind of glossed over the absurdity of that tuck rule call. And if you think it's hard being a Pats fan try being a Raiders fan
Could the Messiah already be here? Zechariah: "These are the two messiahs that stand before the Lord of the earth."
Im hungry DAB
#Teachers there's still time to enter the #bike giveaway from ! Enter this week at the free store for a classroom set of bikes!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
hey if ur gonna text me don't cuz the app isn't working so I'm gonna delete it so hmu here
Outpost for Contemporary Art hosts temp installation of work by Bowers & Koumoundouros starts in a bit, 6-9 PM TONIGHT Come check it out!
don't ever lose hope<3 plan harry will go in action at a 1D concert(:
What beat should we do a remix to ?! #TeamFLY give us ideas!
Yes, #JimmyHoward!! Keep making saves like that!
Too often, this is the type of #misbehavior #children are learning. Does it reflect acceptance of #violence in our culture?
you're a thunder fan!!! Thunder up!!!
So freakn tired, i'll never have another 815
Tune in to NY1's tonight at 7pm & 10pm - I'll be talking about my campaign to reform the City's broken Stop & Frisk policy
All Black Party @ Brooklyn Express in Fayetteville this friday hmu 4 details 9104947955
thanks for the follow!
Have a great time. I hope it's a wonderful day :)
thanxx... Who do u like out of mb?? and wanna be my twifey???
Wagers report some workers in Central VA got raises. Bosses cited "That #LivingWage stuff that's been going on."
Music is all i need to keep me. No time for anything else. Just got okay with that, lol.
Did you know: the definition of " natural " isn't regulated by law ( except on meat labels ).
Of course, the moment I nip out for a smoko, KP loses his wicket.
even presenting the game ball, D.Rose was still looking like -_-
lmao i try to tune out but then i come back to reality and get aggrevated again
Are you guys playing at CMA fest? I really want to meet/see you guys!!! I'm in love with your music!
monday you should give a shout out to
Also, the hot tap water you fill to the score line, not all the way up like the cold water.
I'm no more good, I was already sleepy now my tummy full of delicious chocolate covered strawberries that the boo got for me.
Yeah the 5th anniversary.
&Niall was raised by leprechauns so he wont ever grow(: xx
We cool now.
whose that?
Dignity is not negotiable. Dignity is the honor of the family.
I don't want to even go to school anymore and see him. Not that I ever do.
My prayer is being answered but not in the way I expected...
I wanted to thank you for your fast feedback!
I got a LOT done at my place last night. Thanks to my mom, step dad, and aunt:-)
how many were as attractive and famous as Bomer tho? I'd be impressed if one was. Was one Mark McGrath? :x
that might be. I am willing to give anything a shot right now
Thank you, Layton!
it's a gorgeous place! i got a chance to visit this summer & already miss it!
<U+200E>. im always lost for words when someone mentions your name . :))
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book. ~ Groucho Marx
me and my little brother walking on campus lookin like bosses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
u know what ,after all this shit I was doing ,u the realist,nigga,I know,I should of never,doubt u,,my bag ,now I know.
Just a fever so far, but you never know what the next hour will bring. And prayers to you and your wife. Been there.
you wanna go? It's at Waffle Shop on Highland soon, I was gonna meet some friends there. Pets do it.
Who will be pick 25 for our beloved Denver Broncos?
I'm gonna go to bed someone pls wish my a good night i would love that<3
it's deleted or something because f fox...
Welcome to the other 3 o'clock.
Matthew 11:28 Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
We're not talking about going onto the field to interfere. We're talking about a ball in the stands. And those fans parted like the Red Sea.
Class of 2012: Come back to all our alumni events & come back to Homecoming where we'll be kicking off the student center expansion.
Is pretty sure I drank my weight in Txakoli last night.
Ok, text in your Acoustic Thursdays open mic name & number on the list. Gonna be a beautiful night and great vibes. 410-916-4473 Peace
Damn it Juan Monaco!
Good afternoon..
get it
Want a personal or business website? This week's special. Complete website completed in 5 days. Starting at $300. DM if you are interested!!
In a meeting where once again the technology is not seamless between Mac & PC & voice & IP. This shouldn't be so hard!
Made some chocolate dipped cream puffs for my girl today.
Travelzoo is offering $28 tix to Fela! It was excellent on Broadway - anyone interested?
Y'all be on the lookout for a talented artist he's super nice with it!
haha Not precisely, I'm a lady lmfao
“: I included you in my #Gifts for those with #Fibromyalgia < GREAT idea! They will <U+2764>u for it!!
congrats to Sebasticook Valley Health for getting #PCMH recognition for all 3 practices!
At least we're not in diapers. Yet.
3) cover them in room temp. oil; 4) put heat between medium & medium high. THAT'S IT. just stir them after 5-10 mins so they don't stick
macadellic in the system, back at soon
#LesMiles looks like he wants a strong drink and a #blauljoub from a #BourBonStreetWhore after his #pisspoorperformance tonight!!!
Anyone interested in a case of ProPenn racquetballs for $25? Check out the charity auction with some INCREDIBLE deals!!!...
personally would rather see Nathan Gunn shirtless than Chita Rivera, but that's just me.
True, but It would be awesome, I'd just ignore them, talk to R.S. and then get laid at the end of dinner. PERFECTO !!
Please follow my other account :)
that is how it works, beba! The universe is always conspiring in out favor <3
Heading to Frankfort, KY to present findings on Owensboro Event Center and Hampton Inn.
Well respected well protected.
wow! she is the chef @ the darby too!
Ladies, you are all looking mighty fine today.
hey since mine and hannahs birthday is on november 10th do u tink u could say happy birthday Please
"Hey, my book is set in 12th Century London. That's a city, right? So that makes it urban!"
hey wats up how are you doing
Sorry, couldn't make the chat yesterday.
How can one be a good "phone girlfriend"?
": Saying a word over and over again .. Until it doesn't even sound normal anymore."
Off to yoga to offset the anxiety I am curently experiencing as a result of the price I just paid for my ticket to fla for Christmas!
We are in Manhattan Beach again today on the strand!!! Come and get hydrated after a night of partying!!!
Oh, tell me more! I need tips!
No matter your opinion on #edreform, you should support #healthyhomework. RT : Ask to adopt #healthyhomework guidelines!
duck confit spring rolls. Can I pre-order 100 orders and save in a box just for me?
I'll be over at tonight's UNLV game. Will keep an eye out for you.
Turning the exam paper before it starts because you're a fearless bastard.
I hate you.. I hate you so much.:'(
Only in the background. The best character work I've ever done............
not gonna lie. has been a sleeping burrito of cuteness since 6:30pm.
thanks aaron. great chatting. ttys
got you next time playboy!
lol we can set something up
Very cool much appreciated!
A7 #likeable: great content Can't pinpoint 1 #unlikeable,"broadcasters" in general
Happy Anniversary!! Do you have minions at your new job? If not you should get some. Minions are fun to boss around.
yes, must have good writers!
If ya still wanna kiss it, then nigga come and get it
I figured it would be responsive based on their promise of consistent UX across all platforms.
You know I still can't believe we both did some things I don't even wanna think about.
is my bestest friend in the whole wide world
Well, this is just sounding better and better! Does this badass have a name? Thank you for even thinking of me, by the way!
I'm sorry St. Patrick, but if these green morons swarming the city are any indicator, you must be an asshole.
you getting a,car?
center for rehearsal of Vatzlav.
Rex Grossman is the George Bush of NFL quarterbacks.
In a court of law,proof is required for prosecution.From what I've heard,the story Goodell is working from has more holes in it...
That'd be awesome. You could also have companion beers just for beer chaser use.
oh wow so you won't get there till 3pm or so well that's cool if you see us say HI
Was on hold for 35 min with best buy before I hung up. And they wonder why they are losing market share. Good riddance to crappy retailers!
shirt today(:
oh come on man. I will be watching the horns with curiosity.
This Saturday! It's your chance to hear the songs first. Anthony Barrilla & his band will perform at @ 1pm.
EXCELLENT! We'll be there and just learned that our pal & musician extraordinarire will also speak!
I would never skip our lunch dates :)
Party Buses from #UNT #TWU on deck for
Come on girl you need more motivation to clean! No cookout for you if you don't get this done
Hahaha <3 Another words, right here!
and who (best) explains what the artifact is?
i can't wait to watch it <U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B>
Adele's voice is sOo amazing she sounds better live thn in cd
Marshall's drama!
Oh you'll know if I don't like you trust me no matter who you are if I don't like you your gunna know.
Let everyone know about the 50% off Nevaeh Medispa on www.crowdclick.com! Tis the season!
Sneaky pic! I like it
thats fine we can make that happen ...
Such a day
ha! I love it! A twinja:) perfect!
Be active for at least 2½ hours a week. Include activities that raise your breathing and heart rates.
ugh I feel gross..showertime
The LORD is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Psalm 103:8
Oh, blasted Girl Scout Cookies. Why must I love you so?
I so excited for her season too!! Just watched the first episode........I think its going to be amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-)
When we cross state lines, Danny (sound guy) & Kevin (they always sit up front) reach their arms out in competition to see who can cross 1st
#thatswhatshesaid #onwisconsin RT : Huge road win for Wisconsin. Huge home loss for Ohio State. It's huge.”
today is my birthday!!!! Can i please get a happy birthday?
"She's diabetic? How Nick Jonas of her."
I'm all about fan communities so your session was perfect. I love my job and our field so I'm curious how you made the switch.
for an meeting
it was nice of you to hold the #1 spot in the NBA
I'm stuck in traffic
I do not work at an estate company.
cedar lake?
its okay baby. i already know
Time waits for no man...taking advantage of every minute of the day is crucial to achieving your goals when you have deadlines to meet.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
hey!! How are you doing? Long time no speak :D
I LOVE tacos (: they are so delicious !
I don't even know what it means but it's provocative !!!!
Celebrating end of #LATFOB day one with... semi-pro wrestling. At an American Legion Hall. In Reseda. What?
This is pretty much my last week of school!
Anyone can be a boss; it takes sensitivity to be a leader.
It's like feeling alone with 100 people around you.
Thx so much for the #FF, Steve! Hope you have a wonderful weekend :)
Reality check
The post-NFL life for those gladiators is brutal. Avg life expectancy in the mid 50's, depression, physical limitations, etc.
afternoon of meetings == afternoon of short story writing
Affirmation: I greet the day with joy and hope knowing that everything is perfect and I'm excited by the possibilities.
Not until Clinton did they D's fix the REP greed! GWB just untangled further. Do your Homework or tweet about dogs. lol
Aw drita and Karen Reminiscing :-D<U+263A>
it does that 2 me 2. It mainly makes me unfollow the Iconic Boyz when I don't want 2
how much u charge for the mixtape host ace
like u paid for it.
Hell yeah we need to hoop soon homie g...even tho now i got the lungs of a coal minor.. ill try haha
I don't know if I'll ever use it anywhere, but it's a great spiritual experience to be able to do that." (Rick Warren) // LOL
Indiana won with a buzzer beater 3!!!!!!! With a foul!!!! Not called though! 73-72 Kentucky lost there the #1 ranked team too!!
Drink plenty of water.
Sometimes It Snows In March
Sean from eflgeek.com got interviewed for whytheyteach.squarespace.com fascinating read... check it out... thanks Sean
Thanks for the RT! We can't wait!
Ten’s favorite quote: If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it? Dogen
So proud of our president. Honored to work for such an amazing and forward thinking person who believes in human rights for all Americans.
just hit ya email with a banggga!!!!
Just because it's a holiday doesn't mean everyone can text me and reminisce on what used to be...
I'm a comedian pig. Thank you thank you I'm here all week...
There is no room for prejudice in this Great Nation!! From anyone!!
Congrats to the winners #ClassyAwards and hats off to and for an inspiring night.
Ok, that game was briefly exciting. Now I hope lands soon!
RT : absolutely! Very cool cellar and great sangria special. :)
I agree. So, so sad RT : Whitney's best song, in my opinion, was written by Dolly Parton: "I Will Always Love You"
WELL IF YOU CAN'T ME GET MY NAME OUT IN ORLANDO I ALREADY CONQUERED SOUTH FLORIDA...WE CAN WORK OUT A DISCOUNT LOL
I'm learning a lot tonight!!!
no on #dragu season 3??? Im sad!!!
How to catch up fairly legal if you missed an episode? The new 30 days post-air makes it hard if you miss an episode
yep I'm all about Thursday nights...Sunday's are more for looming panic attacks about the upcoming work week
u got it girl!
Sticky Drama All The Way Want My Dick You Gotta Pay
Damn.. shots fired..
Thank you for sharing!
Walk upstairs and my dad is playing Wonderbread on his tablet, werid
La fitness flows with my coworkers. Family workout time !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I've wanted a small dog since the fourth grade, I think it is time to get one!
New running shoes today hopefully,
incredible power from such a little man hahah
path of night indeed
love that song. :)
I hear you! Twitter has changed so much, and I haven't been here much lately. Let's take the old Twitter back!
I want a chick tht nw how to throw it back well.
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
No one ever said I can't "talk" or never have anything to say...comment about eating in 3....2....1....
Almost done knockin' this out... after that I'mma go home and crash:)!
The ACA isn't perfect. But neither are "free market" solutions. Free market healthcare is a myth. They are fundamentally incompatable.
I saved from certain death earlier! and I got no recognition! humph.
someones rooting for the Giants via twitter haha
I'd be all over a novel by Batman.
Children of Bodom - Downfall
That sounds really good.
Dominik Uher puts the #Chiefs on the board. Spokane takes 1-0 lead over Tri-City late in the 1st period.
My tweets during Chelsea games... LOL. Sorry guys.
New songs in the works!
Capital City Bike club ride and party tonight at 6:00. 21.55 miles in 100 degree temps. The beer will taste awesome after the ride :)
CLIENT: hurdler will be on "Q It Up Sports" this Sunday at 9:30pm PST on JoeTV & 10:30pm PST on
I think u r in the fridge(:
Lovely :) - RT : there's a new sheriff in town lol
I love how I can stay on the phone with you for hours and talk about absolutely nothing and still be the happiest girl in the world <3
Jealous. RT : Epic nap achieved.
Rocking my "straight outta autzen" hat at the UW bookstore. Suck one, dawgs.
''PLEASE follow , you mean the world to her. Please make her dream come true :') <3'' was that okay?
If you're feeling creative this morning, come to Writing Areobics from 10 to noon $22 for members, $28 for general public
I was blogging away on two new blogs over the weekend: "Texas Pick 3 Pick 4" and "Playing The Michigan Lottery"
OMG!! R U READING MY MIND? please please please teach me or show me I'm so lost!! I want my own site bcuz every1 cant c facebook
I need a damn ass vacation already!
It's Friday night, party animal 1am is early.
ahh...based on your posts I thought you were at the ballpark
My mom actually deleted al the pictures on both of my memory cards..... Are you fuckin kidding me?
Looking for a invitation. Anybody got one for me?
you think he will? He's been struggling as of late but I think he will be good.
Busin This Sweet Down
Planning to head to for #birthday brunch/lunch with mom, dad, and Lar
Worked out. Going to Mass Effect 3 Midnight release tonight WOOHOO. Anyone else?
Our daughters are scaring me now
Playing the fuck out this minecraft on xbox zombie blew my Damn house up made me mad as fuck
Drinking Coffee and working...Coffee is from the heavens
No. You're goin' back to Cali, back to Cali, back to Cali.
Super polish. New band name?
hahahhaa, okay. (: umm.. but the only days i could are this weekend and next, tuesday and friday. (:
Have u ever walked into someones house & they have pictures, but the pictures are in the wrong size frame?! Drives me #crazy!
If Stephen Hawking appeared in a game: Would he be a. Boss b. Playable Character c. Power up d. Summon a la FF ? choose wisely
Phone plan is out until tomorrow. :P
aw damn :(
RT: : PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under <~ haha
.. I thought this since I saw ur name - brianna ;)
#FF some great people and orgs to follow
So what is going on with the #KeukaCollege #Internet outage? So many tweets it should almost trend.
Need a #company or #brand #representative to #speak and #network on your behalf? Contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
Just ran/walked a mile in 20minutes. How's that for first time running in 10 freaking years? I'm gonna go die now.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT : The Knicks had no business in the playoffs too smh
another option for 2012 NU Spring Game tix- you can receive credit for tickets for 2013 Spring Game
Send Moore back to A, pronto
My husband noticed the same thing...and he barely knows who Madonna is.
the dorito taco is no joke! I wanna give the guy that invented it a high five.
cause you're creepy pop-a-rot-sea -___-“
Re-energized myself with a few sets of jump rope and squat thrusts. The easiest, most effective way to charge yourself up!
Monsters don't sleep under your bed, they sleep in your head.
Agreed. If they stay healthy they will be dangerous.
If you need an engineer contact He's mixed mostly all of our commercial material he's really good
I'll be there yeah i know it, to fix you with love. <U+2665>
We are only on this globe for a short time, so it is our duty to do all we can to have an impact beyond our lifetime.
texas going down helps, too
Don't make me sad, don't make me cry.
lol kay.. you havent changed yet :p just.. you're getting cute :3 no joke
there's no room for mistakes.
Mike from the Jersey Shore? MT : Bobby Petrino won't be visiting No. 1 recruit DGB Thursday because of "a situation"
WED Dinner Entree Special:Seared Filet of Beef Kabobs On a Chive Parmesan Risotto With Sizzled Leeks & a Roasted Garlic Coulis
Its totally normal to cry when your sister gets engaged, right? YAY for FINALLY getting a BROTHER(inlaw)!!!!!!!!
Dope set at the BMI showcase tonight.
Hi. I saw a retweet of yours in my feed. Are we related?
I am so jealous of that. Stay in the bubble world of EL as long as possible!
RT my favorite protester at the occupy MN rally downtown right now is the guy just holding a cardboard box in the air.
so in your tweet shit is getting shook up
soups today are chicken tortilla and vegetable minestrone! $2.75 Marbles to warm up your soul
Must be nice, wish I could be there.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. ~Bertrand Russell
#imthetype that can work into the night
I LOVE 's dress!! So gorgeous!!
man idk he's weird
Think I'm gonna follow some peeps.
Another recommendation from Full Circle Studios, Jeff Dodgen.
s/o to all the creative kids that aren't afraid to chase their dreams!
So Chris Stewart is sort of a shithead, huh?
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you<3
LeBron's point, rebound and assist numbers are on par with past seasons but field goal and 3 point percentages are up.
Shout owt to my people's I appreciate y'all brothers.
just like tennis if you serve well, you will seldom lose in life. #NoKidHungry needs your service. serve the
BARACK O' PRINCETON <U+2665>
The fact they were paid at all says they were overpaid.
"My phone dying" #lameassexcuse I hear everytime I call
Just. .. Amazing
Anyone else have Twitter Anxiety? Anx-tweet-ty? Worrying about having cute, witty, cool things to say? Staring at the blank box, groping?
i totally forgot why i took ap us history in the first place... procrastination sucks -.-
That feeling I get when you say I love you , and I know you mean it . <U+2665>
I'm in the club hollerin Ay bay bay, Ay bay bay, Ay bay bay
Good morning! Have you gotten the chance to like my pic yet? I really need as many votes as I can get lol
I'll believe over you any day of the week! #teamkyle fo life!
The simplicity of Google Talk is amazing. We had a group conference on Google+.... Smart thinking Google.
you're mom should be happy you arent going... maybe should took crazy pils
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz yall
AH! My bad. I borked a file name. Should be fine now. -Dave
Erica's eyebrows looked horrible
RT : All used clubs are 30% off!
I had a great time this a.m. fielding questions from students, then introducing Sen. at the Sybil Shainwald Lecture.
didnt you "almost" say "50 points" for the Lions on the pre-game?
where can i get a #SinIsWack t-shirt!? gota spread the word
im watchin ur live chat from the end of summer and wanted to say that u dont sound like a fool like u said in the video lol
Absolute match of the year candidate.And your next tag champions.
Oh that doesn't sound good....
Adorable knicknames RT “: What a win! Hammer and the Canadian Tuxedo coming through..."
That's right!
Thank you for supporting #iDecide2B! There is nothing more powerful than being able to say, "I decide."
u r so funny..I love u nd ur show :)
I #cantwait for my vacation to start next week! It's much needed!!
ok enough Bad Teacher quotes, on my way to work.
Going on a brewery tour for a friend's birthday today. Things could get interesting.
RT "People who read #poetry are the unsung customer base for independent bookstores"
follow back haha this is never gonna happend!
Popcorn, geeks galore, the anticipation is mounting & there was a DC vs. Marvel throwdown in the front row. YES!
ADM Mike Mullen: a sustained long term relationship with Afghanastan and Pakistan is key to stability.
On to the great 8! ThunderRidge over Arapahoe 44 to 43 in a come from behind victory. Colorado girls basketball playoffs.
At times I lay awake at night & wonder just where did I go wrong? A voice comes to me & says, this is going to take more then one night.
Not very pleased w/Public Info Officers in some areas N of Seattle 2nite - I know it was a sunny day but pls do your job 2 help me do mine!
Booby's heat-checking the rest of the game.
: LOL! now i all i need is the #kids. ;)
what picture?
That's the plan. I could use the break.
It's Fan Friday... Tell us the year, make and model of your first car. Better yet if you have a picture of it post it.
SO excited to be joining the awesome cast of !
but, I think I'd say that about the sunny day as well! If there are no cloudy days, who cares whether it's sunny or not?
i couldn't agree more, lol
It's hard to love someone one loves the other... :(
right on bro!
You ARE the master :)
Hooves are in motion
Movie recommendation is Freddie Prinze Jr in "She's All That"
Sent out our Political Courage Test to candidates for Gifford's seat in AZ-8
I wanna hear Rahzel beat box the wobbliest bass track he can do
Got tix for Jan 6 Pens vs. Rangers game for sale. Section 109 - $230 for the pair..DM if you're interested.
Actually, I guess that's less exciting for you as a vegetarian. But I can tell you that the milkshakes are DELICIOUS.
And it clears yours! RT : Forgive your enemies...It messes with their heads.
People who smoke a lot turns slow I swear.
Inbox got a lil exciting
in one of those moods.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech M&A
I LOVE YOU MOM <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>!!!! Always have and always WILL.
walkin' the streets of Vegas searchin for the gift
#ffcs was off the chain. Don't worry if u missed it they will be back at Encore first Thursday in March
What's wrong with the Overrated #Hawks this time ?
maybe we can talk abt okra.
Gone with the Hot Air...
Keeping everything to yourself doesn't do you any good. In the end, the one that's going to hurt the most is yourself.
Show your support for the patriots in the OCCUPY movement ... bake them some fresh home baked "occu-PIES." take 'em down to your Occupy s
So jealous. A favorite of mine for sure.
A wasp flying into your window when your at the drive thru is fun also.
If it's just wind, they'll probably play. No big rain?
there r SO many!!!!!!! U should Really go down there.
Just finished up workout for the day, and now gonna do something with the boys, maybe the park
Moving up in the caste system
Is it time to ball yet???
. (your tweeter) will never forget Bardacke's description of the superstars of celery.
what's wrong with your car?
lol aw he sucks
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Banksy's art is fucking awesome I swear!
VDN with the…smart…..coaching decision sticking with his bench guys.
Sr. Martha (Mehrl) Simon, SCMM « Over the Sofa/ Under the Skin ...
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Newt needs plenty of you to attack tonight.
Just finished Chem Lab... waiting for lecture
#alliwantforchristmas is for To Follow Me .
Thanks for follow: &DebraBaldoni
I am going to critique the hell out of your Class of 2034 rankings. RT : 25+hours of watching basketball prospects this weekend
Just doing me
The day always feels longer when I actually show up to work on time. I will have to keep doing that to a minimum, I think.
Please let me have you for christmas <3
i think i'd sell a kidney at this point.
is that a good thing?
I didn't think state funds could be used on a team if they had never won a title? I could have sworn that was in the state constitution.
Thank you for the blog about Pink is power!
#facebook.com/JOJOPLANSONEATINGHEALTHIER9528#join me
awee shoot :( how do i fix that?
Trash like to fuck in the club for $40 fucking up the game
#when your on a bus the only thing to #do is to count
“: The secret of success: stop wishing, start doing.”
rite on
Happy hour 2-7pm and the blind tasting this week, 4 wines-find 1 from Sonoma Coast appellation and get $2 back. Good Luck!
NOTHING lasts forever
No way! Is your Ollie a boy? My Olie (Olive) is a girl.
thanks! I'll still be a tweetin' fool.
who was the presenter? Sounds interesting
Agents, have you ever signed a writer who you met at a writers conference?
Help! Gotta keep J5th's baby brother out of prison. Lawyer costs two grand-J5th giving amazing deals on tattoos and accepting all donations
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Thursday Night Football game between the Jacksonville Jaguars and Atlanta Falcons for a free Scorzie!
Made In America, Breed From The Bottom ...
''How can they be jamming us...if they don't know we're coming?''
lol me too I'm half sleep
Sadly, violence doesn't solve anything. Except in Highlander, when decapitation is the only way to solve problems.
Are you following us on Twitter? Cause you should.
Thanks for the wonderful followers guys :) xx Well, follow me and I'll followback when asked, <3
always looking out for my girl (sorry, I didn't memorize your tweets)
never give up Cenation for life good night Cenation have a good night
2. More. Days.
"There is never an achievement......without an assault" thats food for thought this Mon morning. Leggoo.
I love ....anybody wanna take me to his concert tonight for my birthday? *blatant hint, blatant hint*
#Huguely jury says they need 30-60 more minutes to deliberate.
We just got #lucky; #StopSopa #Early-hiliday-gift?
In Georgia
do you still tweet your fans?? :)
Guess who will never stay at The Hilton in Scrantin again....this chick!
wow great throw back!
You. Only. Love. One Direction.
Looking for something fun for the family on this rainy day? Come create up-cycled art at the DCCA till 3 pm! FREE
Another spectacular evening of developing work down, two to go! Join us tomorrow night for another 12x6 @ 7:30 pm. Only $5.00!
#Night everyone!
Sex n the city 2: total bullshit. Half ya ya sisterhood half fish out of water wealth porn
Beware of zipper skirts when running!!!
ATTN - I saw your interview tonight. I know you think you won. Dare you to have me on. Look me up. I'm your fucking nightmare.
Today is my wife's birthday, too! Happy day to and
Seriously. I missed 11:11 by two minutes.
Representative A's lineup: Weeks, Pennington, Crisp, Manny, Seth Smith, Reddick, K Suzuki, Allen 1B, Donaldson 3B
Just share your wish with the managers; they are very responsive.
It's never too early to book your limo for all the concerts and shows that are coming to #Pittsburgh this holiday season.
Public restrooms are the worst
Mothers day #gift -give $50 get $50
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities."
OMG, I know! Staying at home w/kids does something weird to time...
Slow down the game and pound the ball inside.
Once I get a job...1. Save up money for Tomorrow Land <U+2665>
Today is our day-off. It's like our weekend;D We hope to see you tomorrow. Upcoming specials is on its way;D Please keep in touch!
We would like to thank for recording and producing our e.p and for mastering it,you guys are the boss sauce!<3
Needs some luck this week to secure some tickets to see Radiohead in June.
"To be an actor you have to be a child." - Paul Newman
a man beside me looks exactly like Vincent Schiavelli. I'd high-five him, but he is using a walking cane in each hand
This is gay
Today I'll interview an undergrad civic engagement student I worked with last semester: my first interview for this project. Hooray.
I'll play WWF with you. My user name is Tahnesha.
#worstbreakupexcuses Im doin me right now
That's great news and congrats! I was pretty confident you'd connect with that group. Let's do connect tomorrow.
Airsoft Guns Becoming A Safety Risk For Police
Second Saturday Art Walk has begun in sunny Sacramento,CA!
Completely horrible penalty call, free goal for #Caps. Ridiculous.
"It smelled like chicken manure!"
You added my as friend on youtube:) and writed me thanks 2 years ago! Can you please follow me?<U+2665> Love you Christian! 9
Did I actually say a week? As in it'd be done in a week? It's a mess! x
Taylor: there are people making money off of our communities who don't want things to change
You, sir, are an International Badass.
the crew but im sure they are going to be very happy for him just like we should be. Dont make austin feel bad and make him not want to-
I follow you back.
you too man
#NP "Know How To Dance" - 2-Tone
Don't forget to come out tomorrow for the #Charlottesville MLK Community Celebration at 5 p.m.! See you there...
congrats on a great tournament at Midlands
omg. those hairoscopes are so true. holy.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!!!
Amelie Gilette is back on the HateCast! Oh how I have missed her catty pop culture podcast!
Great presentation by Anders Gronstedt in Mile High 2/3 Ballroom level at
I would love to take full credit for that quote, but it belongs to Peter Siwek
i like phish, so i bet i'd like northern california
I don't get why Hawks fans want LA to win. VAN a MUCH better match up. NASH or VAN? Give me VAN.
Have you ever wanted to meet yourself and see yourself from someone else's point of view?
Ha! true - i always qualify my minor complaints re Indy by admitting that there are many, many, MANY worse places to live
Celadon is a shade of green that is a pale tint of spring green, while chartreuse is a pale apple green.
is 's special guest on the Christma's album. (:
I Know I Can Pour My Feelings Out To Because He Will NEVER See My Tweets:D He Is Such A Sweet Heart And He Makes Me Laugh:D
there were moments of panic, then total elation :) “: I have shaky knees just looking at this photo..... EEk.”
that shows hilarious.
im sure you will look that good when you are her age thanks to lots of plastic surgery :)
Hi Carmen, You're stunning and your hair is to die for. Thx for following!
of course you can. You're a mom.
7 runs in 3 innings, the #Brewers are the road mental midgets.
Everybody go follow and get them to 800!! We want that video!!
I been finding out things and its not even surprising.
Happy Holidays!!! :)
we think social media is a great teaching tool also! what do you think?
Yeah maybe I just youtubed the original Karate Kid soundtrack. #Inspiration can come from anywhere
I remind kids to READ,READ, READ and REREAD. Read the directions, read the question, read the story and reread if needed.
RT People seem excited that #Seattle could make it to .500. Who do they think they're watching? The Brewers in September?
we drank the whole bottom so... Couldn't tell you what kind it was for the life of me. :)
Dear Dove Bar: Please for the love of all things holy finally figure out a chocolate coating that doesn't break into 100 pieces! Thank u.
thanks for the shout. Have a good one
Finally get to go riding today... I missed my R6!
haha you're telling me! im regretting my decision with every soapy bite! getting my creds done now ;) ah
2nd turn over on Hill. He may need to sit his ass down one time.
Things are moving along nicely! In the meantime, check out www.balanceofculture.com!
Bo Ryan hit the nail on the head, "everyone remembers the accusation, but many forget about the outcome" It's a process!!
you already know bra
To All in the Land of Enchantment- Happy Valentine’s Day!
no pink sugar...#SOMEDAY!
Ha you bored.?
RT : To win, you can have the biggest budget or be the most fascinating.
Thomas David DuBois: Is Buddhism Agnostic?
you must be on something
Happy Birthday !<3
you mean Coach Broadus, my esteemed colleague down here at Long Beach Poly?
You're way more cute! Go like our Facebook page and share with your friends(:
Sipping some Sangster's and enjoying my weekend.
Ill flirt with you awhile, that usually puts women asleep!
ok well bye:)
Tonight on The Big Bang Theory we meet Penny's dad who is a big fan of Leonard. Watch with us at 6:30!
thank, Dan!
#thevoice , favorite show.
I gave 110% tonight, worked hard in practice all week. Just glad to get out of here with a W. Beat a very good team today.
So only white kids are allowed to buy hoodies for style? I have to say I disagree with you Mr. Geraldo.
"When all think alike, then no one is thinking." ~Walter Lippman
Ladies! Don't miss High Tea & SWAPPING Spree in SF at The Palace Hotel this Sat! www.clothingswap.com/palace
are you going to be on rhobh next season? i hope so(:
I honestly don't know what's the problem?
The prettiest dresses are worn to be taken off." lmao*
golly gee. so addicted to Sufjan and the age of adz right now. soothes my soul.
happy to listen. Send me a direct mssg :-)
Hi Melissa just saying hi if u wantto chat hit me up
#NowPlaying - Losing It by Never Shout Never <3
What's up, twitter? I feel like saying something interesting...but can't think of anything right now :/
spicks know the deal, I hope you're Spanish or this will be awkward
all good
they just don't know coming. Hard this time
Yikes RT @ Bills ans, Mario Williams was at my hotel, The Mansion, in Buffalo but checked out early tonight! Hope not a bad sign.
I'm lame. I'm out 4 2nite. Turns out being up 20 hours makes u feel haggard! lol. Have fun!
Cody. Jake. Alli. Giorgia. Gold Coast's Finest Creators.
Happy Europe Day - To all the Europeans out there :)
Finally done!
Also concerned I might be more like Zoey's character than I feel ok with. At least 2 things she has said every episode I've said. Awkward
It's much better to face these kinds of things with a sense of poise and rationality.
Time to abandon the internet entirely until I catch up on the last two Mad Men episodes.
It's too late now I'm tweeting all night
I meant "I." Obviously too excited to type correctly...
Today's work mix is Jaz's Italo 102 mix... slower and funkier for those that like dem synths and arpeggiated basslines.
Yeah man. Those first few games were unreal. Can't believe this playoff run, though. Surprised.
let me be the token white guy in DGD fam! LOL I just sit back and bob my head to the music and say #whatsup LOL
Just almost made a disaster :s
how's the job at apple treating you?
gurl i would be too.
Going to the chapel and I'm going to get married!
totally agree about being hard to connect.. #pubmedia seems to focus on strategy + branding, too little on "get it done".
You had me at "children's librarian." ; ) Happy howls back atcha!
Kanye West Rants About Late Night Booty Call During “Say You Will” Performance in Australia [VIDEO]
Word RT I don't care how much people mock him, I love seeing Siva's dad.
There's a party tonight that's gonna be like project x...can't wait!!!
You may be a lover but you ain't no dancer.
So, I'm using my work account to be on Google+ after I killed it on my personal account. Wonder how much data it will grab.
Thanks for follow! , and
Brett, great news! RT Got my official acceptance letter today to VCU school of social work. I start classes in August!
a I knoW he is such a lovely rabbit! :(
Out campaigning for
It's the things in between those periods that become distorted.
Ugh -Same As SHIT)
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Your descriptions of Scorpios' personalities are scarily accurate. Props.
yo Charlie what's next
Don't know how I managed to get that remark about Salt Lick and Chuy's to come from my BlogHer account, but it was me talking.
Leading is not the same as being a leader. Leading means others are willing to follow; not because they have to, but because they want to.
welcome to twitter
About to go house hunting! Wish me luck!
:)))) hahahaha it only benefits from the justin one should let their fingers from it
AASL Best Websites now has a location for ALA Annual. So come and see the new 2012 list Sat, June 23rd 8-10 am in Room 213D, Con. Center.
my tweet count is currently at 3030 - does that mean something, i guess now its 3031 though
Wherever you go,whatever you do,ill be right here waiting for you.
Ah Crap poor frank is sick
he love you too
Who Wonts To Hang Before iMove? iNeed To See All My Friends One Last Time (: LIKE "/
Funny how u pose2have a gf bt yet u always alone mite as well b single
"hahaha that was Sexton lane" "Lynnann are you five?"
Ah, yeah...18 days until GRAMMY and IMA official nomination announcements.
I just learned you can portion out ice cream in advance into muffin tins to freeze. Total opposite but exciting none the less. :)
You're just what I need, a natural disaster I want you to move me I want you to brake me
Do you like the music we play? Te gusta la musica que tocamos?
Celebrity Death Match was dope.
Began my day with a wonderful pancake breakfast from before final prep. Who needs Joe's social?
Wild reversal three weeks before election, WI the only state to do this, Walker used BLS data when it benefited him, crony econ101
Eternally amused by perfectly able-bodied individuals that insist on taking the elevator from the first floor to the second floor -___- why?
anyone else get double orange chicken at panda when getting a two entree?
. I'm writing 2 YA books. One about first all-teen expediton to Everest. Other about a teen who lives at a Renaissance Fair.
“: if i choose you over sleep, you better feel f**king special!” so true
Will post that tomorrow. Promise.
The clown is on our bus
Austin & Ally askgdkf. idk i love this show :)
yes PLEASE!
-- Even the easiest of recipes -- baked potatoes, rice, sundaes -- are put there for grocery list gen. and meal planning ease
I watch all sports except for golf
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results. #wirecall || What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
This dorito taco is my spirit animal.
what's your favorite restaurant and club in SoBe?
48 more hrs and i'll be smokin that good weed in the bahamas..
you're freaking gorgeous, wutchu talkin about
I'm so impressed with ATG Commerce. Specially Oracle bought them.
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh
I Get Ch CH CH Chips Frito Lays,Cheetos,Dorritos and Funyuns
Im sick of you treating my mom like this!
What a weekend of music it's been -- It's almost like everyone "upped their game" last night at #theGrammys Very sad but very inspiring.
Ping. Ping. Ping. That's all I hear outside.
ah the iPad auto-correct is great..
Watching Batman Begins with Mom. Very cool way to celebrate Mother's Day.
Bro to my left is puking. Couple to my right is catching up on their kama sutra training.
I know my salt addiction has hit an all time high (low?) when I considered how a manhattan would taste with a salt rim.
(PS I am now for, uh, reasons.)
most ppl bump Waka, or 2 Chainz before they go out.. im bumpin Gap Band - Outstanding.
Far Cry 2 (the burning engine was sweet) and Busta Rhymes (Fire it up)
to which Bukowski replied: "never get out of bed before noon"...he would know too ;)
Happy Birthday ! Can't wait to celebrate!
lmao I feel it but why is the south no joke ? Lol
Customer engagement! are up next
My bartender #GivesYouWings along with an ice cold IC Light!
So I sold my 3DS on ebay but forgot to unlink my Club Nintendo account. I'm getting coins for this person's eShop purchases.
Come to VOSD's member coffee tomorrow at 8am and talk w/ us. Open this week for non-members. Let me know if you wanna come by.
Help make your neighborhood beautiful! Join us to wake up Girard St. Children's Garden this Saturday at 10am!
That's nice, Ed. But sd they not hv already known that? & what abt P Ryan 2?
I feel you on that. He's underrated
nope I don't give a fuck she pissed me off
Our 2 best team goals of the season have ended with a pretty Nani chip -- Community Shield and today. Love it.
Donald Jones is not good.
You only speak so many words in a day so therefore you have to be careful on who you share those words with..... ~SM
: Oh yeah, love the guy lol ;-)
So glad to hear it! Allison is great!
I need just one birthday wish. #HappyBirthday to me.
philly and tampa just gone over :)
#ItGetsMeMadWhen People lead you on
yo im uploading now is that coo
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
NOLA bound. Record suggestions? The entire van is asleep.
where is it? haha
yes yes yes please I would love to will you be mine (:
My plesure, keep it going.
I suck at sleeping in
#GrandpaFred Honey, would you get me that. Piece of Pipe? Boy they're making quite a story out of this aren't they. The middle one?
I can't find people using the Find People feature, even if they've given me their Twitter name
Ugh I have the worst luck
I hope she did have not seen her yet :(
from the station... Maybe I can get you in the bikini contest... Bring your g-string
Yup, its that bad. Pretty much
This Week I'm going to be at Nublu tues with BrownRiceFamily and thurs with Underground Horns. Come check me.
#swsummit I disagree with this statement.
Who wants to be in my new video May 20th??? I need a gurl
I can honestly say..I'm ok without you
what this boils down to is sex for some women is pleasurable and an experience.
Hey we have the Red or Green Chile Cheese dog and a drink for 5.50
This month, buy one of my Valentine Toffee boxes & proceeds benefit the ! It's a great organization helping families in need.
JMM Research. Asked a lot about Brown plan and Molly Munger proposal.
Vampires beware! and I had Mediterranean Kitchen tonight. Garlic is wreaking out of our pores!
im so bored!!
Sorry that was uncalled for...this whole situation is funny though.
#mlw12 has begun.
#Loud N tha studio
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What was your first job in the United States?
Talked to Paul and he is just fine. Thank you for all of your messages. Hopefully beat the cubs again tomorrow.
Time Warner internet is so bad. Stupid rebuffering.
oh I know! With two teenagers there is rarely cold pizza for me the next day :( xoxo
Todays the last day for the Hotch-A-Do deal - don't miss it! www.crowdclick.com
RT change the way you look at things and the things you look at will change
the HarperLibrary Team is in LOVE with this book. The author , Wiley Cash, will be a speaker at PLA.
RT : Is there anyone on the Knicks not named Melo who DIDN'T like D'Antoni's system? Tyson Chandler that's it..
It's May 15th! Must download the new album.
: I am definitely less excited about tonight's Bulls game. Would be nice if they won. But this game doesn't settle anything.
my back itch so bad and I can't reach to pat or scratch it
Laugh now. Cry later.
RT 30 days to save the bridge. Commissioners , Crist asking to delay contract for demolishing Friendship Trail
So much reading so little time onto Digital Natives, Digital Immigrants then Social Learning Theory!
I'm gonna work on you, until you're feeling right.
What will you be thankful for this #thanksgiving?
Real estate sales are up nearly 40 percent since last year in Arlington VA! Now really is the time to buy!!
aww you guys were awesome!! The pleasure was mine!!
Tested out the CVT & drove my preggo self to Starbucks. I am sure baby enjoyed the passion tea lemonade. No wonder she is so comfortable!
Does your website still exist? I am a total listoholic.
I'm having breakfast with mom. Happy Mother's day again and again! -Childish
yes ma'am!
www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers Check us out!! Feedback is welcome!
Thanks for the RT. I enjoy following you!
What do angels and vc's really think about the new Crowdfunding bill?
How the hell did that happen? I've waxed in my profession & I've been waxed for YEARS! & its been fine.Pretty scary stuff
Dead Poets Society on
I'm at Port Authority in NY and if this crackhead ask me for 45 cents again I'm gonna punch him in the throat
no you don't. You have normal hands
Umm, Lord Snow, what are you doing? #AManWithoutHonor I thought that tag was about Theon.
lol Fuck the world its me n yu n a bad bitch I'd she dwn
Is there a #Blissdom meetup for those here in Nashville yet?
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
don't pout, show ur creative side. where there's a will, there's a way.
smh guess we feel the same shit.
@ Rough River KY State Park this weekend,Concert tonight @ Lodge- 8pm. Song and Stories I collected here 15 years ago Come if you can.
Lack of sleep disrupts your hormones/metabolism, memory, immunity and cardiovascular.
You guys ready to party?
"Use the money we're no longer spending on war, use half to pay down the debt, use the rest to nation build"
#adtechny registration page is down.
I am happy to follow you and thank you for the retweet! Hope things are going well for you
You know, if you guys are around!
My mum just made me dumb mad, gonna come in my room saying it's trifling and disrespectful when it's nowhere near it. Ill show her it though
“: RT if you saw the cops break up a party one song into 's set”
why do my neighbors find it necessary to light off fireworks every fucking night. like, the hell.
#YouHadMeAt "I have food."
definitely a yes. :)
you'll see, another crazy day
Hey, Craig! Where are you watching the #FrozenFour games tonight? RT : Good morning peeps.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. - Wayne Dyer
I hate when people whisper. It sicks me out.
that moment wen someone is talkin about how annoying someone else is and in ur head ur thinkin omg wat a hipocrit
"Nothing draws a crowd...like a crowd."
lmao well I'm home already studying but I can give her yours tomorrow :*
Hey bro, you heard 'bout rocketsnail's blog? I saw you commented on it. heh.
: I just did and she also put my eyedrops and allergy medicine in my bag too! BYE MOMMY
I watch king of queens everyday on tbs. Thank you for making such a funny show that makes me laugh over and over
ok really bad beer should be a sin
She needs her own, lol.
This commute home seems like it's taking forever!!!!
missed you by minutes!
wow it's 9:30am here :O (the 23rd)
bahaha! I like that analogy a lot...
lol my parents say that all the time!
Damn lefties
are these all the languages you speak?
“: I enjoy blowing up bathrooms that aren't my own.” same here brother
i know. I want to love him. Ahah
Now scotty is threatening to lay us off if we don't OBEY !
Remaining graceful while under fire.
ya i said they were sluts hebsaid no i said tumblr guys were hot he said no and so on
New feature on Austin Legal News Blog: We will be featuring a central texas attorney each Wednesday.
RT : There is a difference b/w an opportunist & one who makes the most of an opportunity. One is selfish & the other is wise.
Will keep parks closed as long as they need to repair them -- Mayor Adams.
They need to take a cue from the Chick-Fil-A food truck coming to DC....well minus the whole homophobia and intolerance thing
What are one or a couple candidate mistakes that drive you insane?
Hey did I wake up? Did I bring donuts?
That's a good question -- it'll get fixed, but may take a while.
#NathanSmartFact he has a cat named Barry and a dog named Molly
it feels weird not having track afterschool
hahahahaha. I love it
Not that I have anything against simpler refinancing. It just doesn't have the same zazz.
All my mediocre or average packages air on tv & then one I feel really good about happens and will never be seen by anybody but me.
yay ems! now we're also twitterererrd! how are you sweet?
Too bad my fiance is allergic to both chocolate and cockroaches...
the best show I have ever seen in Vegas
Who has studied in the business center? With the big table and great lighting, it's perfect for finals prep
testing yer dress! :)
thanks! Hah, well I'm excited for the day it is :).
Host a party in April and get entered to win a 4 night cruise for 2!!
I hate when my tweets won't post <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I find them pretty creepy no matter what they're playing. Also super creepy at nighttime
#NoManShouldEver hit a woman
Love u babe
I'm glad I wore jeans today...it's freezing!!!!!!!
NO not you.
You are very welcome. Thank you for the follow as well, looking forward to your tweets.
RT : O touring Midwest talking about jobs and economy. Finally. But rhetoric not enough. Needs bold jobs plan, and must commit to...
If you are posting #NoPantsAZ images to Flickr, add to the ImprovAZ group and use tags #nopantsaz and #npsr ()
Vikings finally do the smart thing in the draft. Kalil will be their left tackle for 10 years. They can address CB and WR later
Leaving right now for my hair cut. So excited!!
will be posting about our film Types in Stereo next week! Stayed tuned for updates
“: trying :)”no other place on earth :)
when you come home?
Most successful year of my biz in terms of $ to me in 27 years. Am pleased, proud & happy! Started new creative biz as well! Thanks 2011!
Going up to LA to drop off a friends car for #HIN tomorrow. Gonna be a fucking fun weekend!!
Worth remembering tho, libertarian tire > rail isn't based on any principle or interest. Meaningless.
Procrastinating schoolwork...I know I'll regret it tomorrow if I put it off any longer :(
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too. ~ Voltaire
OH: We've never spent so much time in Vegas and done so little of it.
i mean, i guess its mostly targeted at Pitt students, but why not just send it straight to them (still bad)
you've got a most entertaining twit feed Dana. Hilarious! Love what you've done with the UFC. Fuck the lazy naysayers.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore is because you choose D*CK over our long friendship ...!! So, why f*ck with you AGAIN..??!! #NotThisTime HOMIE
YAAAAY! I finished up on Monday. Holy sleep batman.
Thank you Rob! All credit to you and your crew at Van Nuys Homicide for solving the case - I'm just the scrivener!
Your so sweet!
Tonight we suggest you get your butts over to for FRESH ESPRESSO, Cops, White China Gold and our guy
NOTHING TO DO
There seems to be a connection between descriptions of #Capricorn and the #INTP personality type
I love watching those shows/movies that can make you cry. =')
I heard why Randy Orton was dropped out of the Marine 3. If you wanna know I will tell you
yessir, the white boy spazzed on that one
Geez , the email content undo implementation is terribly broken.
Happy Mother's Day! Embrace your babies no matter what. Yea that's for you!
However lots of ways there may be of being alive, it's particular that there are vastly more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
GOOOAAAALLLL NEW JERSEY
No plans as yet to explore this universe further. But who knows what my subconscious'll do with it?
Watching grind his hips all by himself is just too much for me
for the same reason i have a red velvet cupcake.
Well.... I'm going to bed. Alone, again.
Survived 6 hours outdoors! Now time to curl up on the couch with the cat and snuggie.
"Shifting contexts to create new meanings," this is what DHS did. It's Oregon.
yes, I would like to see it
Don't know who you are but you look like a star and everybody here be thinking who's that boy?
Sometimes, when I've charged my iPhone- I feel like I've accomplished something.
I know. If it wasn't almost bedtime prep time, I'd say you should just stop over here for a couple.
You mean maraschino cherries-- yeah that's what I said Mara-CHINO
I forgot you were right in the path. Glad to hear you're doing ok.
I'm actually upset that it's gone. One of my favorites.
6th #SDCChiHack is Tweap, a search and ranking engine for finding deals on Twitter.
Wow thanks for wasting my time
When you left I lost a part of me, is that so hard to believe come back baby please cause we belong together<3
well I'm hoping it's just because I've been sitting beside Frankie for a while...him and his 3 legs...
I see another #30daychallenge for you :) Who is your favorite instructor?
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 510 1932 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW
Disturbing statistic: The number one cause of death is in America is heart disease & we have the highest rate of any nation.
omg! are you actually tweeting!! Be Still My Beating Heart
I feel like I'm in a snow parade. Left home 2.5 hrs ago. Almost to
RT : I don't even mind going to school anymore..it's a daycare lol.
- Louis thanks for the retweet!
Boise State's loss (I know always a Bronco) is Chicago Bear's gain!!
- LOL! Sorry, I'm a bad influence. :)
haha I have push notifications & it's my day off!! I know some but more as acquaintances
Sweet pic! I bet the kids loved reading to your baby.
Sucks for the fishies taking staar
Feel free to send me a FB email if you have any questions. :-)
Don't ever try to destroy others. You may end up destroying yourself.
Saturday work days are never dull! Cc:
Been waiting here at eye clinic for over 3 hours! If we were at the hospital waiting for an emergency room, we'd already be dead!
$ave some money on your group trip, book with us in April!
I've never been there and I'm tempted to walk over!
Indeed it was so great to hav Anderson, recipient of Young Researcher award, at - tnx to ALL who attended!
good ^-^ how ya feelin? o.o
How long have you been there?!
Im reportin his ass...He did dis in front of every1 like its no consequences for his actions. Im goin to da Board asap Mon.
just joined
Did Jason or Grant hear a womans voice where they are now? I could have sworn I heard a womans moan.
Tonight we are young
Yea these two years went quick
oh yes! Watch us be the only girls on Kingda Ka & shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
your sales people are doing your brand a disservice... No follow through.. Titanium gray elantra with blue tooth that difficult?
RT Being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect. It means u have decided to look past all lifes imperfections.
if you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.
Saw a man holding a sign "We Buy Gold Barber Shop"
I wish I still lived with my parents :( they at least fed me! - Alex G.
I wish I was home cuddled up with 10 blankets and pillows and watching a Disney movie
Happy Friday!
It's 2:56 in the morning, and I just wrote a song for you.
he's a project manager at an interactive agency :)
Got big plans for my mom tomorrow on Mothers Day.
RT : A profound statement from one of my mentors: "Wherever you are...Be there!" Mita Del Fierro ^jl
daum. you know what teacher?
Plus, even digitized material has to be reconverted every 5 years on avg! It's much more expensive than paper storage.
congrats on breaking 1500. Thanks also for the #FF. You rock!
Sneak Peeking Through the Bloodbath: "Tweet from your seat" moves the mark for Super 8 dach.is/qB75KQ ( )
We all need S P A C E sometimes. Even from those we love the most
time for lasik boo
m procrastination and packing..how i hate you so
#sacscoc If we change students attitudes about learning they can go into any class and learn.
Happy birthday, Henry James.
I really shouldn't lay in bed all day but I think I will.
you must not know my dad, his name is John WallStreetAugustaYachtClubAmerica.
Me and my best friend AKA Alberto are done with Ferris and Lilly! For good.
I'm freezing :o
Hahaha. No way. Game 7 will always take precedence ;) Skins still with major issues.
At my favorite Italian restaurant with my sexy mogul and Antonia from Top Chef just walked in!
he know that i do Zack said that he knew when i tried asking him out that's why he was looking at me funny at school remember??
Apparently, the "best" talk show hosts (host) have already discovered this. Sticking to the old OS.
The Truth is: we are worthy of great #love and #success no matter how we #feel or what we
RT : Sources say Michelle Obama doesn't want Kim Kardashian anywhere near Barack at tonight's correspondents dinner for...
Have fun with it.
I am writin a song for He is an inspiration. I admire his strength to stand up against self-harm & bullying Song comin soon!
LOVE my new pants & ThX 2 those in the SouthBay 4 all your help in finding what I needed!
you asked ha so I responded
ha....do you want sofi to loose her job @ antro!!...i didn't think so!!.gotta promote promote promote!!..my family depends on antro
Lol we talkin bout how tech is a thug ass school.
Go to our fb page and tell us what YOU are choosey about..Remember, choice defines who you are. BE CHOOSEY!
RT : RT : Whole Foods CEO John Mackey says, 4 leadership positions, emotional intelligence is >imp than "book...
So if you're lonely you know I'm here waiting for you
You and your girl coming here in Dec, Right?
Im so proud of you #-Drake;
hey Kevin. He actually spoke at the Wake County precinct meetings last month.
I feel like this picture is missing something.... Oh, that's right
I know what cracker means, but I guarantee you hardly any voters do!
...but if we can get more storage, it will prob look like a directory full of accession-numbered folders.
Thanks for the follow! !
the only source for that "news" is one guy with a random fake news blog
: thx lee! honored to make your list. :)” [ well deserved]
Mia get it done. I love NYC but I have to go for James and the Mia for this one.
I love it.
Thanks for the
Spoiled by our normal network. The 45Mbps backup feels slow. All for fiber damage 80 miles away.
Be wiser than other people if you can, but do not tell them so!
... I would rather be with you Somewhere in San Francisco On a back porch in July Just looking up to heaven At this crescent in the sky
I've never tried champagne mangoes before but will have to give them a go! Thanks for the tip. See you tonight?
who do you think you are ? who do you think i am ?
LLN it's like 75 degrees F, sorry you have to wear a sports uniform in the cold =(
come on down!
You forgot bout me. Yesterday is a perfect example
OK catch up with you L8R
is perry competeing for the outside LB job or are they trying to stick him in the middle?
I have the anatomy version of that series :)
cover of Vanity Fair! Freakin fly man!!
The Pitch is like Pete Campbell, they both try so hard that it's fake
love, and in turn, you will be loved
It's cold outside. I am working from home today. Too many things going on in my professional and personal life. Whew! I need a break!
appreciate that fam!
jones is the first DE the pats have taken in the first round since wilfork. and we see how that worked out for us.
the daily buckets of green goop poured on your head would only be amusing for like, one day
Goodnight twitter!! Goin to bed...see yall in the morn!! :-)
Bonkers! But in a GOOD way! A REaLLY GOOD WAY!!!! (: ah
what up homie!
fix f = f (fix f) recursion can save the world
For women,height standards in modeling are enforced but I look taller in pictures so nobody ever really points height out.
There are two things to aim at in life; get what you want, and after that to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind has achieved the second.
ATTENTION MASHUP FANS: Today is Follow Friday, so please retweet/favorite this tweet so all of your friends can follow us!
No doubt... also check my music @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 and give me some honest feedback *** Peace God***
Glad to hear it!! I love anyone who is a fan of
church mouth playing in full at the bluebird during set up, Good pre-show vibes
#Blackparentsquotes " You Got Some "McDonalds" Money ? "
Spotify still hasn't tempted me with Iyaz's "pretty girls playlist." I already know what it is, indeed.
ahh.. Had one yesterday.. Had to sleep it off! Hope you feel better & figure out what the trigger is..
still love you though! I'm Just Saying. I Just Saying Guy.......
ha, well I live about 100 yards away. Probably less. I'm bad at judging distances.
I aint got no hair lbvs
I'll be surprised if you remember.
Rich so glad that you've been able to extend your coverage of the Mets to blogging. Learned a ton about baseball from you! KP
Probably should take it easy tonight
love you more than words can express!! <3
im not, just ate that pie :P
Working on ideas for next photo shoot. Have a lot of models who want to shoot next week.
I always think of me, why wouldn't you ;-) Lunch soon??
Pumped up kicks!!(:
Ugh y does everyone look at me weird when I wear my pink hat w/ the little NYish swastika looking design thing on it when I shop on Newbs?
About 7 naked old ladies in the swimming locker room is not what i planned on walking into today.
Wasn't this the same Van Gundy who said on Fri night's SC that Memphis would blowout LAC? Pull the tape!
Unfortunately, we have little hope she is alive, but we want justice for our friend! We'll never stopped until someone pays!
Let's keep up this momentum! Next zoom is so close we can almost taste it! Get all of your friends to help #RepeatReceipt!
you can do my laundry anytime! ;-)
Spoken like a true tech, who doesn't get it.
Just 2 years away from being able to rent a car! Just turned 29 myself, so you know, feeling old. I still don't get pivot tables
You are creepy and I'm hanging up on you.
I'm thinking it's about time for an Electric Company re-boot.
B Scott's rotation this game leaves a lot to be desired...
Could have snagged the print today, but it's Dark Shadows :\
anyone have pics of the fire at woodburn high right now? please send! crew on the way
Poor acting skills RT : umm did you see how dazed he looked? He looked like he didn't know where he was lol.
hahaha miss you all so much !!
lol I won't and I asked him at school today and he said twitter kept messing up and all that crap and it was getting annoying
finally watching The Rum Diaries. Nice work!
“: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PERSON EVER ” aw bobjak <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
In the park @ Laguna main beach..... Perfect weather...... This ain't Phoenix 30+ degree diff on the high
new favorite name! “: Just saw the van. Great team name! #RagnarFLK”
Finished helping my friend pack her things and getting ready for her big move tomorrow. Months on the beach are therapeutic.
wow! I'm going to have to look into that! Ours was $400!
Your only as good as your last.
Just bought a ticket for the Thunder bandwagon
You're a lightweight!!
lol u mad bro? I guess I'd be mad too if I had to watch ANOTHER year with Alex Smith- better luck next season
Then the #SFGiants should be reliant on you do pick the best player on every team they see this season
I'm going to join a #FantasyFootball league with defensive players and draft No joke, I'm doing it.
Its hot af' outside.
Had a great first day at Very excited to be working with you ladies this summer!
St. Elmo's Fire night over here, lady.
S/O to Calvin Johnson. He seems like a good guy, I hope the Madden Curse doesn't bite him too hard.
I'm so excited!
How many are tired of the racists disrespecting Pres. Obama, then saying "sorry?" Big enough to say it?, be big enough to stand behind it!
I think i wanna eat some pizza! I need to stop being to lazy to cook. lol
Compiling screenshots for a presentation next week.
Thanks for following us! Where can we find your blog? We <3 food blogs!
homework time!
aww well i'm glad we can share our complete failures together!!! haha
That awkward moment when you accidentally type your password into your user name box when someone's watching.
what WR fits best with what the Bears have?
that's one hell of a Twitter pitcha u have there
Archivists are about preservation AND access- Lee Shepard of Va. Historical Society.
Yum jealous!
It's Monday. I had Port Brewing's Ad Lib this weekend at - It is phenomenal. A beer blend. Who knew?
I'm back on #SuperD 1.11 because 1) I can't keep up w/ #SuperBad release schedule :-) 2) maybe Donut is as far as the G1 can go.
Just realized I was telling people I was 27 when I am actually 26...whoops
Everyone is beautiful in their own way. So never tell someone they're ugly.
so how you still in school ...
Back to school time... here's a foster care fact: 1% of U.S. child population is in foster care during any one year. -TreehouseForKids.org
Nm at work trying to avoid doing work lol...wassup with u?
What can I say? Justin Bieber is always showing his love for us, I'm so proud of him. I'm a true belieber
O's r hugs~ lmfao!!! I made the first move so, BAM!!! The first move ALWAYS wins!!! Hehehehe!!!!
RT : Nice call on the Herve Villechaize reference. Not sure how I feel about his new look either.
#Imagine that you can meet with all everyday ! Woww ! I want !
Every now n then RT : Do you think about me still, do ya do ya
I know. I ride the bus with her so yanno...
WOW! We are 7 likes away from 900! Thanks to everyone for liking us....we appreciate your support.
in Falls, I see blue sky ?!?
Just finished submitting three grant proposals to the Claims Conference for our education program.
the CRASH HAPPENS TONIGHT at TIPSY CROW - come check out THE NEST!!!
I will love you until the end of time
You know your Christmas shopping in a Texas mall when all the Christmas Carols are in Spanish...
good morning beautiful
I ain't no sucka , I got niggas that'll cut ya. I be yelling out fuck ya click clack bucka bucka
If you enjoy 'Briefcase,' follow some of the cast: cslaughter_RCP
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ... The victim commits himself to you; you are the hleper of the fatherless."
lol I'm going crazy. this shit is so cool to me
I wish I Had People That Hated Me, Atleast I'll Know People actually Care About What I Do...
Even more followers! Actor/Producer Actor/Photog Manager & Actor/Writer Welcome guys!
Smoke weed , get high , get high scores ... Ha
#whenitwascool to have MySpace....I never did. Lol
Diamonds are a girl's best-friend<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Why are we the 99%,the many letting the 1% dictate anything to us,it is our war to win or give away,it's your choice depends on you and me.
Needs Followers! Gett at me ! Leeggooo!
yes I am taking a bit of a break to sit in the sun! I figure that's what fridays are for.
who needs #restaurantweek when you can enjoy our 4-course Cucina Preferiti any night for just $30.
"cindy is a milf today" thanks
Ur not gnna suffer w out a new cell phone all the time..Unotstarving when wantin mcdonalds.. Some kids dnt have it like tht b greatful ..
#supportlocalmusic Live now on with Gashouse Live. News, Music, Suicide. Stop by the chat room.
got the modem router combo hooked up on the main floor and I'm trying to figure out on my computer how to link wireless
happy late birthday! :)
Edith Piaf or Inception?! I didn't like Inception.
for sure!! Modern, sophisticated, and inviting all at the same time! Plus..beautiful views!
texted u.
What happened??
I miss the convos me and oomf use to have on the phone.
South Florida Trivia Question: What fast food chain’s international headquarters is located in Miami-Dade County?
Come down to AZ please... Bring your teamate K. Frazier too.. Championships...
Put Sarah Jessica Parker's Valentino pattern on Gwyneth Paltrow's prada and you have the dress of my dreams!
Listening to Rev RC Crenshaw singing "I Love the Lord" on Alan Lomax recording. This is real. Trying to get to this sound occupies my time.
: *twiving*! good one. filed.
So I type a text to this girl I used to see saying that I chose this cutie pie with whom I want to be #Wifey You know
thanks. curious why u talk so little about indycar on your show, when that is your bread and butter? not into it?
I'll study later :) or before the exam :P
lol y'all both right but I be ditching
...Yes! works with every club in your bag, driver through putter.
#FF I watch them like I know them lol they are going to be great parents and that baby is gonna be gorgeous!
I guess it feels like Capitalism is slowly sucking democracy dry; and it may actually die.
One's eating & one acts like he's never had Stella & Chewy's before!
We have some pics is about to post!
Thx for coming! Hope your train went *forward* the whole way back! Did you have a favorite book(s) from today?
If you have in-ground irrigation, let it run an extra hour in the zones. This will allow the water to penetrate through the turf roots
Never Let Them Think You Care At Al. . .
Yea, I be watching the laker game.
Happy halloween! We will be in costume tomorrow and encourage you all to do the same! Special prize for best costume.
Can't stand still. Gotta pee so bad. Can't move.
Aw thanks! Let me know if you need anything (now or ever)!
I am usually pretty good on applying sunscreen but there is always a small spot I miss. It always looks funny
the clerk at the checkout counter at king suppers was checking me out it was awkward
"On my way back home - a chance - I thought of all my favorite songs." ::band of horses::on my way back home::
Chicago its going to be a long day! Listen to some new music!
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
She claim she bad ;) but all she doin is lookin bad with all then niggas homie hopin.
Lend your friend $20, if he doesn’t pay you back then he’s not your friend. Money well spent – Ted Nicolas
This Xavier Avery is a completely different hitter than I saw for a year & a month at AA. Much MUCH more selective.
Baltimore police arrest man in death of teen found in river - Local 10
Pay them haters no attention cause eventually they go away....
This speech sucks!
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, Starbucks Doubleshot Cinnamon Dulce Coffee + Energy
Long crazy week of Summer Day Camp registration, Cooper (family dog passing) and meetings.. at the Market now. Whee.
I remember being in FL on the beach at night and june bugs falling on my chest, lol
INDEED. I'm sure this isn't the end of the story; there should def be a 21st century judicial challenge. Law usually trails tech
Just watching Greeley Stampede coverage on #9News reminded me of one of my favorite #Colorado terms: Buckle Bunnies! Not PC, but fun.
I will be using my Fender Deluxe /5 tonight de-tuned 1 whole step,Carvin BX250 micro head,Sonic 115T cab modified with Eminence neo speaker.
hahaha I didn't even notice. Nah, I am gonna go tomorrow I think
thanks to everyone who came out to be an extra today! let's do it again tomorrow!
I am gonna be sore tomorrow, just FYI! But I had fun.
Hey ! I LOVE the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Stratford, Ontario!
im workin my lane
Killer show last night! “: Shows like that are what DJing is all about. Cph out of nowhere, it's turned into messiness”
You wanna hate? Whatever, BUT, as a mahomie I feel as if ACM has changed a lot lately due to the "fame"... That's just how I feel.
Strawberry Greek yogurt is the shiiiiit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Thinking tacos for dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> and subway for lunch
oh yeah? was probably after a visit. Why was you in quotes, ha?
The Pens have one period left to turn this game around! we can do this!
Hey Y'all! Gettin' Ma Southern Accent On!
Slumlord Studios Hoping to get a review & radio airplay on The Ripple Effect! Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
It like I'm walking on broken glass, better believe I bled. It's the call I'll never get...-
Yeah he cool and all that but he's just a fake nigga that BLOG IN ALL CAPS!!!!
Just make a vow never to use another Apple mouse. It's worked for me for well over a decade.
It's an update to the new WNC on Mac - still v. 4 but fixes some bugs.
. No I didn't hear. What happened. I'd like to hear about something other than
why are u? never told u to leave my dear.
Honestly I would rather see her with a man. She's just to pretty. Oh well I guess to each their own!
Some of yall Females ain't bout SH*T
"Enter his gates w/ thanksgiving & his courts w/ praise; give thanks 2 him & praise his name. 4 the LORD is good & his love endures forever"
Well done , we are proud to be your fans! I met u at fan fest, you are the best!
With a new idea... let's see what you think about it! ;)
But Romney apparently doesn't understand some of us would like to have the chance to try to make a single business succeed.
#leanonme feeling a change in the weather, a change on the horizon.
Your not living in the future and your not living in the past so stop worrying about it. Take life as it comes, live for the moment.
oh bob your a cutup
I'm addicted to pink sugra! It smells so good :)
r u sure
TKS. Hope you have a great night, too. Here's to tomorrow's flowers! :)
i got this i got this im clean & cool & spotless money falling out the top of my pocket
enjoyed this tweet; would read again.
is beside himself...he's slowly coming apart!
°o° I'm consistently put at a loss for words every time I see Captain EO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE......have a great New Years Eve tonight with your family and friends.....be safe and we will see you in 2012
Since roasted chicken has been tweeted about so much lately, Matt and I are probs going to do that for the next video. So easy and SO good!
Study, study, study....
yeah you missed me bang it off 's oop lol
Been like that my whole life (when I go out). If you're talking about what I wore to work at Pelago, that doesn't count.
Hey Ya'll! I'll be in LA next week for the !!! Let me know what else is going on in LA! -BA
I can specify a font in my HTML but if its not on the client it wont render right?
Stoked about church tomorrow! Hope to see you there! 9:40am at the Warren Theatre! Epic Church - 4 people who don't like church!
Step out of your 'comfort zone' and put yourself out there!! Make your dreams happen!!
Monday is here ugg even my 8 year old wasn;t happy about this but we both wished each other a GR8T day anyways. I am off 2 the shower.
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life. - Muhammad Ali
#fairtrade is best strategy to STOP #humantrafficking. Make informed buying decisions, stay blessed.
I just want to kiss you. Why don't you want to kiss me back? Why?
happy birthday to #Solon Patch Editor Chris Mazzolini! HT :)
Great meeting today. Fascinating and uber-talented guy.
Discussing lunch options with Texans. Consensus is In-N-Out burgers are in fact, NOT hamburgers. They dem foofy cali Sammiches
missing my favorite person right now </3 :(
Haha so proud of her
Oh ok
Come by Shorty's tomorrow for a rack of ribs or BBQ chicken! #greatbbqforagreatprice yum!
lol, sheesh. Banks isn't that damn bad, though.
Nothing like a dip in the lake on a hot day in the desert!
Remenyi: "in...thanatology there is no neutral, detached observation standpoint. A context-free, abstract death analysis is impossible"
Woah. Saw and heard an electric spark outside my window, then heard some very loud thunder. Be careful out there.
Good hosting, a must": Content marketing is key this year but if your website doesn't load the content, you lose. #getgoodhosting"
there's blood in mine.
I teach my children to appreciate everything and count their blessings.
Only a few more weeks of this year's "show specials" so call us at 888-BRAUSSE to save some money on your equipment purchases this year!
Why is cable not working #timewarner sucks right now
Braun with the web gem. Full extension for the diving grab.
The conference is getting ready to start. is saying Hi to everyone and introducing the first speakers.
thanks so much, it means a lot to me.
Never knew talking behind someone's back can be done on a computer. Gloves should be off soon
It's almost show time for new show!
of course I am. I'm over 30. Would you like to come for high tea and sonnets this Saturday?
Andrew & Val are looking at May next year, at FBCF, but with a very rustic theme & warm colors.
This substitute seemed angry all period long!!
with that said, my favorite beat maker/music maker lately is Christoph El Truento from New Zealand. Dude is on another level
All these years, I thought it was St Pancreas... in fact, that's why I remembered it!
thanks Jason! Hope all is well.
Anyone attending #CPAC this year? I think I'll be there...still working out the details
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite Christmas movie? "It's a Wonderful Slice." Take THAT, Mr. Potter!
Beat them now, so they like the Pens later. “: I wonder how many children in Philly will be beaten for no reason tonight ....”
I didn't know you found a new job! How's it going? What are you doing for them?
Thanks for watching ! Tune-in online or on-air tonight at 9:30p for more ! We can't get enough.
Good morning world... Wake up to get yo cake up..
What are you doing tonight? Hope it involves laughing with me! 10pm!
We have this antiquated printer in our office to do spine labels and if you hit print instead of using the tools menu it spews ASCII crap.
My momma just said I should wear a camflouge with my blouse lol she totally meant camisole. Lol lmbo
I wanted to go to the Auto Show. Instead I'm getting my automobile fixed. Ugh! SMH!
Tell 5 friends to join you in Dropping the I-Word. Nobody is “illegal.”
Thanks to all of our recent #FF followers!
If by now you haven't noticed that I'm falling for you that just show's the type of girl that you are,and your not the one for me
{Rt} If you know you got that comeback
Law and order: svu<U+2764>
hope you had fun. We're weird.
someone talk?
Now that's really something special! You should totally put a little white around your actual eyes for the future.
I think I saw these pups in Chonas pics as well. Popular pooches.
My Wife Bruhda Got Sum Cute Eyes !
Wrong "there..." that's embarrassing, haha.
quit #fb for lent and never looked back! Don't miss it! Well a little, sometimes. :) but don't think I'm going back.
Screw THEM! I'm still here. :O)
i luv yhu 2 i guess......she took my school sweater home, yhu rocked it anyway lolz
Thanks for your support,
This weather calls for a margarita.
Let's be honest. The only thing better than snow in NYC is Snooki. Fixin to have fun tonight!
Special thanks to Will Watson and the team at you all have helped tremendously and always do a FABULOUS job!
can you bring me the ticker tapes tmr cause I can't do my part w/o them
Love me some Karen Handel!!!
Will it be a San Fran blowout today? They are looking dominant!
we should work on a collab you heard!
Thank goodness for wide, paved road shoulders that important people like me are entitled to use during traffic jams
Mi BiG CUZZO TOO SUPREME W/ THiS AVi!...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
they are starting to know what scrapple is over on the west coast! We make it in Portland, OR
Yo, playing with Synfig for the first time. This thing looks solid!
last time I checked Heejun is a guy!
So much to do! RT : You won't want to miss next week's #BeerGeekTuesday - ! Big Lebowski themed!...
To put it all in perspective: Biochem major, great essayist, tells me he switched majors to Lit bcs of my class! HE tells ME: do what u luv!
In a couple hours people I've never met and don't know will be sleeping in my house for 3 days. Ahh, domestic bliss!
It's so confusing--and I get email spam @ this offer vs. that offer, but none seem to have what I need
Id honestly just rather see them kill a shit load of zombies
Good to have back in the newsroom.
One good thing about not being able to sleep... I've finally figured out what I'm gonna wear to the TFW prom.
"You and me together, can do anything"
yeah :\ RT sad that it has to be this way :l
Shutterfly: we're focusing on expanding utility of and access to customized greeting cards (thru Tiny Prints platform)
FollowUnfollow? Was it that offensive or boring, or is one of those liberal leaning twitter trolls controlling your account?
Wow, back in #abq and ready to get to work. No internet is NO fun!
3 RBIs on Monday. Hitting just below .300 Check out my minor league blog. RT : what's the latest on arenado?
How are things looking for flight 2045 tonight?
- That is a great idea! Let the kids be the creators!
haha this is more about a character called Brigham Young based on the historical figure
Since I have amazing followers, I want you guys to go follow my little sister She's a chilled person and gives awesome advice.
Rt if ur not going to school
that about sums it up, yeah!
that is why Ed is my favorite. Oh and also because he makes music that makes ears have eargasms and is absolutely beautiful.
#LAAudition - Bruce Newberg is casting the TV show "Closer" for details on roles download Actsophia on your iPhone. New castings every day!
it brings up a lot of good points that actors and actor supporters need to know.
The day is looking like a nice one people.
Hotter to tweet while in the shower.
on Ellen<U+2665> #HappyBirthdayKidraul <U+2665>
I be so tired when I get off work
I'm watching basketball tonight :)
As a follow up to my last post remember God is LOVE and Love conquers all
you're actually gonna go lol
hit 225lbs tonight on my Deadlift Jim... :)
dear god.. I can't believe it's April!!!!
My relationship right now >>>
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ In Russia all tyrants believe poets to be their worst enemies.
studying for my Archaeology midterm. I know nothing about archaeology.
#tired -___- KILL ME NOW
yes! That's what we all wait for
time to get serious! Let me know if I can help you.
Myron Ebell represents intellectual fringe, a man with a political agenda, learned to manipulate the system for his private beef.
wish i went to stagecoach this year =( but its def on my to do list for next year!! looks like such a fun time
": If a white pot calls the kettle black, is that racist?" Things that make you say, "Hm".
“: here's to the kids who have lost so many friends that they got used to it.”
Thanks for the MT and #Klout!
Jamaican blood RT : he always smiling
I haven't had a hangover this bad in forever... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Clifford,rugrats,proud family, that's so raven,hey arnold,sister sister,lizzie mcguir,teletubies,comfy couch,arthur,
Great suggestion. We're following you now.
Is it a requirement to actually follow Hacker in order to in follow him? Haha
Check us out opening for the openers at Jones Beach tonight with Parachute, Michelle Branch, and The Goo Goo Dolls from 6-7PM!!!!!!!
buying you a shammy shake
running, then another night at ADCB!
Thos last 2 tweets were drafts ok gosh
can kill two birds with onr beard.
I love that you are tweeting :))! Have fun in Ireland. We miss you guys and want to see you soon!
ok, back to the swingers vs polyamory thingy. We seem to have more poly folks here. Pls recommend swinger sites for me to visit? Thanks!
#PembrokePines we offer embroidery, screen printing, uniforms, scrubs, safety gear, logo design and more!
hahaha the miz got no reaction
If Fanny Pak leaves imma start crying.
If you don't feel like going out, don't!
haha, nice to meet you..
i know the feeling. sucks :(
i'm getting used to using a fork with my right hand, but I had to sign some papers at the ER & surgeons office, it looked like >
So the allergist says The Son is allergic to everything except dogs and cockroaches.
toe Orlov Academy is located a block from Green lake
On my way to the airport! Hawaii here we come! I may have packed too much....better safe then sorry.
is wearing plaid under his beard.
Soul music. I love you.. You make me believe in love.
Don't have any dates for Columbus yet, but I'll post it as soon as I get some!
Yo was at the show in NYC n PHILLY! Now a new fan
Near the Flatiron Building? Shopping at ABC? Check out brio's new outpost on broadway. Southeast Corner of 21st street...
Fuck.me. So sick right now.
RT congrats grads
Happy 60th birthday
trying to get this license in order for the summer :-)
People who listen to comedians on their phones shouldn't LOL hysterically #onthebus just sayin'
#FollowFriday New Orleans Fashion Week - and stop by their Wrap Party tonight!
I try plenty of new things! But rule #8219 of life is NEVER mess with cereal & milk you see...
Working on new promotions strategies as well as the first contest of 2011! Excited about it? Let us know by tweeting to us!
I don't have that great of a personality either. my personality is OK
lol not "bragging." They just said Broncos brass were celebrating last night at Shanahans steak house
Oh, I remember being 22! I love this.
A guy named <U+5DDD><U+6751> <U+6643><U+592A> is following me and I like it.
Very impressed with how gracious was with all of the fans at the airports today. A real class act!
yeh, we are streaming it from my laptop onto the flat screen tv in our lounge
Now have a cup of cheer!
#CNBCdebate "If you are too big to fail, you are too big..." - Perry. So what does that make the US?
Great talking to you, too! See you at the next one. :)
haha, I'm telling you. Kim Jong Ill
Oh gosh. I'm having so many Loki feelings. My baby
That awkward moment when someone asks you a question you can't answer.
Passive job seekers are a whole different animal!
so cold i can't feel anything
Love it when the girls who know the least about me have the most to say, and better yet, they are girls who are ugly inside and out! lol
K. Fuck off.
x's to the club wit momz here 0 while gone 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Girardi sending in proctor. He must be rooting for the rays just like I am
Baby you should know I lead, not follow <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
'OL Buddy from SC is probably rolling over in his grave.
Stop being the dumbest person alive
Thanks for the DM in reply. I'm working to clean things up! What a great Monday!
I don't think my phone is working :(
I've always wondered what a Krabby Patty tastes like .
Smile... Its good for you and it looks better than that scowl on your face.
Graduation today. Why do so many milestones include funny hats?
Good=Deener's twitter meltdown Bad=the game Ugly= the lady color commentator
Rockets collapse this season is #1, far and away. Almost 20 yrs watching NBA, never seen a team instantaneously free fall like this one.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulder of giants
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont hot dogs. Eek.
i heart google patents!!!!
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week! via
yeah, the makeup remover isn
The Best Daily Deals in Chicago - Western Suburbs: Round-Trip Limo Service to the Airport for Three
thanks mama!!
follow back!! :)
Opening show for Zanna Don't! is this Friday, March 9th! Zanna Don't Miss Out!
Great #SXSW keynote by SCVNGR CEO about the future of digital in the game player. We see a lot of correlations in sports.
Next stop is Crafty Wonderland in Portland. Those of you who have friends in Portland, send them out to see me!
#SmackDown R-truth vs Rko four star match
nice seeing you, if only for a brief minute!
Sweden takes a tasty 1-0 lead early on against Hungary.
Hey You boarded us & NOW looking for vols to get off b/cause we're too heavy? Missing the #nyg game here, people.
Is it Wednesday yet?
God forrbid love ever leave you empty handed
lmao I don't need it I learned my lesson!!
Where is an okay steak place in Seattle?
if I'm singing, it surely isn't paradise.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Good morning. Did you know that coffee is the most reognizable smell in the world?
I live it how u and are like un a relationship lol so cute
Sitting in a fancy Georgetown salon as part of a project for slate. Really should have put more effort into my hair today
hey,How are you this a.m.
I hate when people ask me what's wrong.
Every time I see Steven Tyler on American Idol ads I just think "Man, drugs make you do fucked up things"
saw that yesterday -- awesome stuff!
hi there, sorry to hear your msg. - email libby(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and she'll help you out!
Our interns are working hard and they are awesome. Thanks y'all.
Up and early. Getting a new bow.
american made! :p
Ha! I did I forget "Wedding Crashers! "Knocked Up" too... :D
Easy to tell the ones that took a minute and the ones the writer toiled over for an hour.
Take that Scottie boy!
I pop back on Twitter & everyone's talking about Byron Scott's favorite sets... aka Coaches With Chris Paul Don't Do Shit. HAHAHA... enjoy
someone is hacking ya'll know she gonna make some money off of that.
off to go perform at the studio. wish me luck guise. :)) xx
Better offense RT I knew losing Strickland would not hurt better 2 guard play!!!
Chillin back on a lovely Sunday afternoon
Currently watching Fat, Sick, & Nearly Dead. If you haven't yet, watch Forks Over Knives....
ok Mr sassy pants
Not so tasty? Needs salt?
BEER PONG OR FLIP CUP??? Which is your favorite??
Gov 2.0 is not just a flash in the pan. #g2s is about how we harness the power of the Internet
any motown! Preferably the Temptations.
haha :) hmm, soo now we can write in polish? :D
Can't wait to hear the line-up!
Ill defend you ffrom my dad.... I got your back J!(:
A very sad day, Kenny. Bless Mr. Hicks, wherever he is.
Yo Shane! I haven't got my package yet!! Just making sure shit didn't get fucked up, ya know?
"giving him the silent treatment... that's cold-blooded"
ill tell ya in a minute what im tlkin bout. Haha.
IS IT TRUE!!? Is Dianna really confirmed!?
Performing tonight in beautiful Sanibel Island! Check us out!
GET A FREE ESSENCE SWAG BAG! pre-register for gigi's class! all you have to do is email your first & last name to
Dream Weaver!!
my friend just called me and said "GESS WHAT, ONE DIRECTION ARE ON TV RIGHT NOW" but she dnt know what channel so im flipping out!
Just petted the bodega cat next door with three cute little kids and then one of them hugged me.
Probably not again until early 2013. Teaching a posthuman film class in Summer. That'll be fun. Not sure what in Fall.
Sunday run : 15 miles on dirt roads in Minnesota, pace ~ 7:45. 1' snow on the ground. Fun to run through isolated farms, except for the dogs
- Hi Adina: I Love the Work Your Family Does - It's Truly Magnificent, Sacred and Healing!
hm interesting take on it, not sure. are you talking more the lyrics or the actual video (or combo of both)?
NOT LIKE THATS A BAD THING. I LOVE LOU
Please follow me I will die if you did :)
Pacer's game with and on Thursday!
omg I think you do!! now we've been following each other for so long and have never talked is beyond me!
Well stated! If you decide to take your hate on Twitter....expect it to be met & crushed here ~ Twitter is about good people
act 's festival $75.00 secret sale is happening this week.
...and then Smokey pukes his dinner up on the kitchen rug. (Always on the rug. Can't move three inches to the tile.)
I heard is handing out crunch bars for
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. ~~Helen Adams Keller
Good article. Layout and Content are key. Our website's Bounce Rate is less than 1%.
Right now, Milwaukee newsrooms sound like this, "Cover the storm. Ask people how it felt. Give me 1:30 for the top of the show." Worthless.
#Coyotes and #Preds on CNBC for the time being.
Don't try to brainwash me! I finally got the couch EXACTLY as I want it.
Split it with you ...
I hate auto correct *eminem
Oh there was a lady and she was one of the assistant coaches looking for a player for 2013.
found out I have 3 difft. user names on turbo tax. Sigh. There should be alert mechanism if creating more than 1 per email.
When someone gives u a biz card, hold it, look at it, comment on something&place in a secure spot.
“: Jim Thome is now 1-16 with 10 k's. Sad to see” it's like watching Steve Carlton pitch for the White Sox and Twins.
Love me some Ms Vargas....
Just trying to enjoy some of the beautiful weather today! Let's catch up soon. ;)
my kind of place!!!!!
Add some pre-cooked #quinoa to your #oatmeal to give it an easy, healthy #protein boost.
KARAOKE tonight at the Safe House /Newsroom starts at 9pm for as change. 3 Lions Pub starts at 10pm as usual.
where u been hun?
Prevent pain before it begins by improving your posture. Strengthen your stance by keeping your ears, shoulders and hips aligned.
We men, we goin look!
Sen. Cardin speaking now; was introduced by Sen. Mikulski, who was introduced by
About to hit up Napa River Grill where she first fell in love with me. #loveatfirstsight First time back since that day! HA
I'm fighting the feeling, or so I try.
... I woulda love to go to Sonic wif you in your lil truck $_$
as a Florida constituent, I oppose #SOPA and #PIPA. Keep the Internet open & unencumbered!
I'm hungry but at the same time just thinking about food makes me wanna puke.
Happy birthday
Cool. Would love to know more! RT: : #pla12 boston public library uses zip cars for mobile digitization labs.
Hey mark hows it going. Can't wait to stream the event live on www.iBand.me :)
Oh knock off the "tender and sensitive issue" crap, Nothing sensitive about wanting antigay discrimination in the CONSTITUTION.
Going out tonight.?
RT : “If you want tax cuts for the middle-class and small business owners—pass this jobs bill.”
Fortunate to have another audition today!
Does the crew who is refing LSU-Oregon think they are at a rave or something?
": Great Content..Much Love Follow Back "belated thx xo emily
At the mall... Auntie Anne's baybaaaaayyyy
Dont eat cold stone before a game...
After the first quarter, it looks like Kentucky should move to the ACC.
i wonder if my mom got her jimmy johns...
LOL I HAD TO RE RELEASE IT AGAIN
I have six days left of highschool. U N R E A L.
they told me id be arrested if i stayed on schools grounds today. I was like
Tonight = 90s Night with spinning some great tunes! I may get there late... hope there's not a huge line!!
Good morning! Make it a great one :-)
heartbreak kid. Did I mention how happy I am for you guys???
Lol! I think you've coined a new term! :-) Thanks!
text me, we need to talk!
Yes they are Necci, thank you. :)
Ouchie, something bit my leg, and it hurts !
Congrats & ! 2011-12 was the 2nd consecutive season where BOTH M & W National Champs played
composer, music director and leading actress appear on podcast vol.318 Check it out!
Thanks for the follow!
Aww Florida... I could use a boat trip right now! #missyou too!!
This Bitch think she Dr. Seuss!!!!
Good morning! Happy Saturday! AND HAPPY MINI MARATHON DAY!!! Off to Indy. 13.1 or bust!!!!!
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 5
Wow!!! I haven't been on here in Awhile.
one class fully caught up on grading...
“ “ My hormones be outta fuckin control smh””
#WhatHurtsTheMost when some breaks your heart
Thank you for an amazing time last night
s/o to all the peep who wore open toes shoes to work today cuz its raining and yo ass gonna catch the nu flu (like my grandma used to say)
Everything that just happened in that performance...STELLAR.
Love The Ottawa Collection from Karim Rashid for as presented to ! Simpe, clean, interesting.
Missed my flight to LA...made it in time for breakfast :)
Philadelphia Eagles 20 Washington Redskins 3 Halftime #eagles #redskins #nfl (Via )
Just 3 more hours. I've been waiting on this game ALL WEEK so why is my stomach in knots?
If I die today I bet the world end tomorrow..
i do
Football practice started today...in 96 degree heat! Who's ready for Rocky Top 1 month from tomorrow?!
Is it me or does Baron Davis carry the ball every time he dribbles?
Never thought Id say it, but #Win32 gives me a major sad. Need to pass > 2080 chars as process args. Why can't everyone use #64bit ?
Thanks! RT : Break a leg on your opening of Romeo & Juliet tomorrow night!
haha, that's awesome. You a facebooker now huh?
HAHAHAHAHA WHY ARE YOU AT SCHOOL
.NET / MVC opening in DT Chicago, C2H Resumes welcomed at:
where yu been at? Tried to hit yu
i'll be there
we have two ears and one mouth for a reason
have you seen our web site: www.createpeaceproject.org!
good luck :p I liked it better when the testing days were Wednesday & Friday.
<--- Frank Rossi #yeahBuddy I love #yobitv Hey Danielle and Joshie Chinese food and Pepsi
Visiting Karmin. She looks more beautiful everyday.
The top 3 are totally boring.
thank you.:)
Andy Mills is #obviously 90% of the reason King's is awesome. The other 10% is
Why do you have to torture me
The Endnote vs. Sorrel smack- down isn't materializing. Where are the Endnoters?
Thanks for following, Super Star! :-)
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein
That 70's show :)
#TreasureTuesdays time approaching quickly come join us if you are in the area today
um I will do workout. Your my trainer. Just got purchase it then we can start going.
#InsiderTrading, #CampaignContributions - so much needs to
GoogleWiFi is a joke.
Since I managed to lose my wallet last night, I'll just hang out in my apartment today and watch Florence + The Machine's Coachella set
you have no idea how irritating that was
Thanks to for the shout out to Checked Out in your sweet interview on !
it's because we have good taste. ;) I'm totally a Colton girl
hey bro.
.. Yeah. I get jealous cause I just couldn't stand to see you with anyone else. Because I love you. But you already know that..
why that face :O & I've been good (:
Absolutely I am hoping for that! Who doesn't want to see more Michael? ;)
omg! Now I feel awful! I just found stamps today and I was thinking about how I had to write you!!
they do Imma have to spend the night out there ppl be spending the night just for front row!
My exams are coming up soon too, and I'm studying god enough. I gotta focus more on my school work.
I skate where the puck is going to be, not where it has been. -Wayne Gretzky
Do you grow the apples at the school? This is great!
”It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.” - Vince Lombardi
"...institution building so that the peacekeepers can withdraw." Ugo Salinas
I need a 24 hour nap.
Ah spearmint gum!
when are you coming to florida??? I HAVE to know i'm a #1fan forever!
saved it for OT?
My gut tells me it's a good idea but needs a lot of rewriting and probably a different ending.
I'll be at Shepard HS this Saturday, 9-3, with plenty of lip balm! RT : No!!! I lost my Cherry Bomb lip balm!!
I think i just ran into Napoleon Dynamites twin at the store.
#IAdmit I havee a Anger problem when it comes to Sports
Got the last sleep shirt, that's all that matters
Special thanks to and for showcasing our data at the Pepsi Lounge. Super cool.
Love the #BeachBoys!They were my first concert.Memories that will stick w/ me forever.So good to see them perform 2night
if u had never met Red Steagal that night at the rodeo do u still think u would of persued a music career?? BIG HUGS
awe thank youu!(: that means a lot!
Let's work together.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ~Disraeli
glow in the dark nail polish<U+2665>
#TGIF. Only 6 days of school left.
Josh Hamilton <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
my man said he aint get no taxes but... he still got street cashes! lolololol
Thanks.. Prices very based on each project's vision. Give us a call and we can talk about it. 404.932.4301 - Jeff
Say something, cause you're driving me wild.
In 2010, 2.7 mil new HIV infections & 34 mil live w/AIDS. Help us join the fight for the kids! medicalteams.org/catalog - Gifts 3 and 11
I been thinking that too, because when it gets hot I will probably just cut it off
Ah, winter! At long last! Where have you been, my love? Oh, but just a tease!
Since it is the first, I've got tons of End Of Month stuff to close out. I'm off to the spreadsheet mines.
We sell copiers and printers!!! We love helping out customers by saving them money.
Would love to chat more about the points of connection you see. Definitely agree that there's lots of overlap.
What is the prefect USB headset?
It’s Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. Everybody’s lookin’ forward to the weekend...
Excited today for the wedding of my buddy and - wonderful couple.
Your the reason I go to sleep crying every night
I love your tweets, they are absolutely adorable <3(:
It's sad that I went out more in PA on weekends than I do right now in Miami.
I love how your bio says "not really a gangster"... when, in fact, I think you are...
jeremy thompson, clay matthews i, morgan burnett, jerel worthy, casey hayward, terrell manning.
girl u know
Andrew is off school tomorrow due to not using a snow day. I hate to be that mom, but back in my day we never got off school LOL
absolute fairytale stuff
Thanks for the follow!~~~>
I know - dreaming of it for ages :) already studied "media", now i wanna be part of it. where do i start? ^^
They *are* powered devices, after all. And there's more logic to turning off headphones than eg Kindles.
Thanks #Whittier #Alliance for 2011 Special Recognition Award for HCMC Whittier Clinic's environmentally friendly design!
No one remembers xanga. I had one and my username was like diva star HAHAHAHAH 4th grade
perfect ill e there right on time be ready!!! lol
If Pens could get the right deal, it should be done. I would rather see him flurish elsewhere than be canned up here.
So yeah i love my job, i get to help people with getting there computers and making there lives better! So much fun!
I feel popular....
Naw, not this wknd. I was on vacation from technology & it was god
Ate at The Councilors Room,N.Y.Steak and a Root Beer hot chocolate!Got my tickers finally!
payphone by maroon 5 has been stuck in my head for 2 days ..... i hate that song
Wonderful Training Day today! We did 5 patients with the new #liposonix device. Watch it on Dr. Oz Tomorrow!
Im back! :) lol Going to get coffee! I feel like I'm about to fall asleep in this hospital! lol
waaah i wanna meet u come back to new york!! i love ya
#Weather Forecast for Sunday Night
Is it just me, or does crappy, rainy weather inspire you to get your #creativewriting projects done?
Xenia NEEDS to sing Norah Jones or Colbie Calliat!!!!! She has an amazing tone :)
First baseball practice
MAKE MUSIC THAT FEMALES CAN RELATE TO WOMEN DONT WANNA HEAR HOW MUCH DOPE UR SOLD HOW MANY PEOPLE U SHOT HOW MUCH MONEY U GOT
Thanks for the plug. How did you come across it?
LOL, I totally dig it! Have a good one :)
Scoreless at six minutes of the 1st. Shots are 2-1 Ferris State.
Hate when you have to go to bed with bad news only to wake up with more #shitsucks but she's a fighter. I got
today's soundtrack shall be all Etta James. RIP
Why is the Gold Line Southwest Museum station not listed on the Gold Line time table?
Good question! ? RT I mean, a link to recorded video from today's live feed?
we're still friends because we both like collision course... Linkin park and jayZ my friend.
Train like your life and everyone else's depends on it... Because It Does!
RT : Get connected! Looking for an answer to your question, Super Bowl related or not? Text it to ChaCha (242242).
Ah. Actual information.
Yup! Come say hi if you're at the BCC venue. I'm the guy that's loud and obnoxious XD
The new stuff will be so kick ass!
We Build Apps! Got an idea for an App, or promote your self with An App. Turn you into a Game? Sounds funny? but why not? Best! DonnO
I would love to cook fried eggs in a cast iron pan coated with Teflon® nonstick!
Union Rags and Gemologist, but I always wait to see what horse looks like he feels good in the post parade.
*Waiting in lin* Random Dude: Did it Hurt? Me: Did what Hurt? Random Dude: When you fell from Heaven XD ( Thank you Dude for making my day)
Wow. My cousin sent one of her black friends k instead of kk. First time I laughed in 30 minutes. :)
was in milwaukee the same time you were, two cities in a row ;)) so lucky.
I don't even know what I would do with an accordion/banjo duet!! My poor heart...
C part of me somehow doesn't include RC attachment, tho always related. So, lots of alternatives. Just me tho.
Only had 4 hours so just managed to ride Viper, Superman, Raging Bull, Batman, crash bumper cars & eat a funnel cake sundae
BIG UPS from the dirty shaw
Working out before the #readathon is a great idea (says the girl still laying in bed).
#classic female say they hate you, don't want you!Call you a dog, but can't stand to see you with the next female
On special today: Peanut butter cookies. We only have 4 left.
Wow, poor thing. Wonder what Vic considers good TV! Nothing better than #Scandal !
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words - Calvin & Hobbes
#nowPlaying Ghetto (comp with Biggie, Tupac, etc)
Chea, I do
I know the feeling. Sorry, man.
If a tomatoe is a fruit then is ketchup a smoothie?
Hope soulsurfer wins!
Canadian Scholarship Presentations this Sunday!
And yet millions of American parents give their kids fast food every day!
Your hitting brain is in your hands.
After a fun performance last night, it's time for a mellow day. Hoping for rain, a cup of tea, and coziness.
Loving that the weekend has arrived. Go horns! Don't forget to call us if you want to come to our Holiday Make-up Class!
Anxiously awaiting 's first tweet
Hot Step!!! For those in the heat of summer, check out the new Custom and Micro Beds! Up now on #productionvault!
sounding brass and tinkling cymbal= 13th Corinithians! Calling all internet opiners!!!! re - read it!!!
"The future isn't what it used to be...I'm not surprised." ::rogue wave::good morning (the future)::
Burn your clothes and eat a whole pack of Big Red.
A week without Kelly isn't as fun.
Loving my new #Nike sneakers.
Our zendo is now open every saturday for meditation. 7:30am to 9am. Everyone Welcome!!
I stopped following Khloe Kardashian's annoying tweets that are clearly just quotes her assistant types in every hour.
Wow, remember music videos? I guess people are technically still making them, but nobody cares anymore.
Cindy is just looking out for you
I've been good,just chillen
Out with the old in with the new
Thanks. I appreciate the response, anyway. Nice to feel heard. :)
Oh? RT : Charles barely says whatever is on his mind lol
Plays posted so far from 130 cappers and 12 consensus from these service & free picks with more to come
this was a lovesick mistake.
I was just told that my tailgate is "hella gourmet"
RT"Progressive Arizona Rep Gabrielle Giffords is shot.In her ads,SarahPalin had her targeted in a gun site.Inciting to violence."
Its time to go to bed.
Miami and Lakers today.
now your just getting picky. <---- see what i did there? I didnt use it right lol
ROFL so he can actually fucking spell now?
Rain got u down!? Don't fret folks 15% off ur purchase while it pours when you are here WHOO HOOO
Thanks coop!
just read a few of your tweets....you're kind of a douche...
bonjour , do you have. a contact email?
Hurry up wit dat stick yo!! I didn't even get to wake n bake!! lol
Entertaining game in many ways. IL was unlikely to win, but went out & played hard & loose. OSU=smart, balanced & talented.
Might get to go to Teen Hoot to see !!!(: I hope my momma let's me! I really want to go!.(:
lol. Too bad. Get your WoW on!
UNLV goes down and Lobos win handily on the road.
other than getting the shaft? I've met some great people, including your obsession, ..
Watching "Slumdog Millionaire"
Ah now I understand .-. *flips table
Are you serious? Have you heard how the earthquake has messed up the nuclear facilities in Japan. Man this whole thing looks like 2012 :(
Monday May 16th-Free Regular Soft Drink with any $8 minimum purchase! Deal is for Twitter/FB fans so show your server you follow us! :)
Good luck in your next venture, I enjoyed listening to you while you were in KC
We've hired an intern named Rebecca Black to help the firm keep track of the days of the week. She's very good.
YES GIRL IT DOES
Another unbelievable call...this time against Teague.
I hope they can change my classes :(
If KD is not the #NBAMvp I don't know who is.....
I decided to be a matador and got hurt by the horns.
this is strange :o
smh :( RT : Damn our children have no fuckin music to look forward to
bored! I guess I'll play a game huh?
So true. There is a great, uh, book by the Mexican writer Gabriel Zaid about this. In English it's called So Many Books.
Thank you for the follow. We love what you do!
Awesome, Thanks
Hey , Where's that little "Unsubscribe" button in your emails? I'd sure like to do that.
13 years ago to this day a halo was put on an angel's head <3
hey i was just on there lol.
They shot us with the same shit at the Regents in Riverside...
Get the habit of analysis- analysis will in time enable synthesis to become your habit of mind. ~Frank Lloyd Wright
I would love to write a song with you some day would that be a possibility?
Dont let life pass u by live it why u are able to and share all your great times with the ones u love
Nice, we'll be there the 4th and 5th too...
I apply for jobs and hit "No Thank You" for all that stuff & they still call. It's such a racket.
In NYC for the week playing with the Aaron Diehl group at Dizzy's Club Coca Cola.
oh yeah!
I'm kinda scared to answer the questions lolol
Agreed. The cover puts the Newsweek one to shame.
so true, huh RT : 'Upon a 12 hour reflection, my point of failure was relying on 3rd party APIs vs. common sense.'
Seriously, The Birdcage is a hilarious movie & I love it.
Cops Fighting Cancer delivered toys to 250 kids today.
first time in 31/2 years since I had gumbo made from scratch from mama. So good, I could've jumped in the pot and bathed in it. Thanks Mom!
To be honest I really do miss all my high schools
Finals week <<<
No matter how old you are, you'll always rush for a swing in a park.
what up cousin?
Twisted Imagery- Beautiful Mind Official Video - herb garden 2
Fresh squeezed lemon water will speed the recovery
I mean, there's plenty of stuff to criticize him for. wanting a breather is not one of 'em.
and it all goes down at a club called " the outhouse" now thats country lol
Does it make me a bad trans activist if I stay home doing laundry instead of going to #TDOR events?
This lady.
Need a place to crash after the Toledo show? Let us know.
Local biz sections have gotten more fluff 'meet this local business owner' profiles and less enterprise business coverage.
My load in time tmrrw is 3pm in Beverly Hills, you free before or after?
You slip a document into your pocket. Bam! Double venom!
last night = awesome!!!
New article about Khem Birch up at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
Up +83.3% for the year now, crushing the S&P and Dow Jones Industials. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Time for sleep :)
“: My answer is yes and no. We have both decorations up in my house.” thanksgiving is always appreciated in my house
at least i'm wearing real pants today.
New hospice cxare book comin soon by me. Interested in reading it?? If so send me an addy to mail to
seattle was part of , please try to add a date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 8
How Keeps Hanging Up On Me <<<<
Eating a giant salad for one meal each day. Currently day dreaming about mac and cheese and cheesesteaks... mac and cheese ON a cheesesteak!
Of course loses her phone in the mall
WHAT?? Like a random question? lol Frickin' people. smh
#AskNathan what is the funniest prank you ever did?
Oscars been laggin it too much its makin me mad
So yall still convinced Miami aint gone be playoff bound?.
When are we watching this with ?!?
Good luck to the freshman taking their first EOC today! They're super easy :)
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now, and live in it forever!
Big middle finger to Chicago airport (AGAIN!) Haven't you learned that thunderstorms happen regularly & adapted some? Evolved maybe?
Have a Great time Hon!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
do you like whyleaveastoria? We do too!! follow us today!!
oh no!!! Did you drop your iPhone?
hmm see if you see my sister.
After how fucking long I've finally done something I've been dreaming of for years. And it was perfect. My day won't be blown no matter what
that last tweet, just made me hate you
Things that bother me: when the one paper I'm looking for is at the bottom of the stack
Haha I know
Catch me @ fox and hound tonight. I know my grizzlies gone win so I ain't even gotta watch it. Mayweather vs. Cotto let's get it.
see also: cats
I would do it if I could. I am a #nerd though for Econ...
Haha in the end, Hill, Konz and Upshaw are still on the board while the #Ravens pick third. Rest easy Raven-Nation
Participating in several discussions in ADHD at www.addforums.com
Wine Tasting on July 15th from 4:30-6:30 pm in the Courtyard @ 455 Capitol Mall in Sac, also features appetizers from Hanford's Catering!
want a chocolate chip cookie and some milk?
White Noise #soundsbetterthanitis”
It is not intelligence alone that brings success but also the drive to succeed,the commitment to work hard & believe in yourself
I think you aren't CORRECT SIR!
Josephine Mining Corp. Announces Resignation of Director and CFO
1st off get it right, name's Cynical-rip-a-Mic, sicka than Vlad the Impaler stickin ya to the tip of a spike
Ah, was that a dig at the intelligence level of myself, , & ? Cause we all seem to agree.
i joined the coast guard to avoid college
If you want to see some yo mamma jokes,go to my second twitter account
#Summer is on it's way to #Milwaukee! Make sure your A/C is ready to go! Pay just $69 for a tune up! ttp://cot.ag/m0m8D2
Dang. C'mmon that's half me, imagine the other half and i'm complete xD
What time are you due in now? We have two spots by the PGH airport. Cc
sorry for the spam messages! I didn't send that! I hate hacker spam!!
The title [furnishes] the means of comprehending potentiality... painting must be an individual reality - Picabia #quotes (fun times )
Velvet goldmine is on netflix. I almost forgot about this gem!
-25% = impact to growth of GDP in 2013 as a result of sequester, what calls "balanced"
Happy Guy Fawkes Day, all. I still remember watching my English neighbors heaping old furniture on their bonfires many moons ago.
There is only one happiness in life -- to love and to be loved -- George Sand
The Canyon Theatre Guild <U+263A>
#Jerzathon today on #MTV!!!! So happy :) my weekend is made.
very cool :-)
No matter what anyone says, we should always be one. Lets get reunified.
I need to pee but I just painted my nails :(
you know New York Lately is next on my list. For real. Love it!!
but really, it should be sooner rather than later
thoughts w you
So many new followers! Thankful to have you! Craftin' Carnival is gonna be a hoot! Can't wait to see you there!
bad timing I'm afraid....enjoy your visit to the 'croft!
that sounds like fun!!
Talking about Loki so much makes me sad that my dog died. I miss you, Loki. :c
I Get To OPEN UP FOR YUNG NATION Next FRIDAY !!! na nana Boo Boo!!
OMG Salma Hayek was an illegal immigrant before! How did we not know this. It must of been her blond hair and blue eyes.
game 7 picks leo? #sabres and #canucks are about to get the job done
You can get in big trouble if they find you hunting without a hunting liscense. It is against the law!
Quiz night starts at 8PM, get here really and get a good spot for you and all your friends. 's imperial pints are $2 off!
hahaha!! Bridget the Midget, you know they get all on you like white on rice! Get u some. Hahhaa
my teeth hurt so bad :(
Tune in to The View today for airing of yesterday's visit from Barack #Obama. I heard he talks about JPMorgan &need for financial regulation
good to know because I really want a macbook air and I mostly do web work too. Why aren't you happy?
I'll be leaving you a sign at the dinner table if you keep it up..."No Feeding the Animals!".
Playing powerpop records tonight at Cactus Club 10 til close! Also is bartending! Happy Wednesday!!
Thank you and as always thanks for your efforts toward those with #Autism in their world :)
the worst is over ...but you already know we #Goodfellas ova here
"Sun is shinin', weather is sweet yea..." #sunshine->happiness
Lovely weather :) RT : Isotopes Forecast: Mostly sunny at game time with a temp of 70°. Temps will cool during the game
#kids Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre: Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 4:00 PM V Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas...
when's the next race? I'm ready right now dress shoes and all!
It's so muthafucker nice out there OMG daylight savings 2 its a gud luk lol:-)
I introduced a spring special to the menu today at #CityTavern. It's Salmon Oscar w/ asparagus, what r u #cooking this week?
Happy Friday!
sorry frank
I'm getting the exact breakout of styles, but can't post until the show airs.
Brady lost 2 of last 3 playoff games to.....Flacco & Sanchez....
Most of your unhappiness is due to listening to yourself instead of God.
willdo, on travel now, but i'll get back to you next week.
As much as I dont see me growing old... Dont look down on it! Some people are denied the privilege
people with bad hairy asses who refuse to shave should have a boyfriend with braces rip all that hair off tbh
yea same. being single is SO much easier than dealing with a boyfriend xP
You are the fairest of fair weather fans. Move to Portland already!
it was awful. Alice Cooper joke was funny... But the story was very stupid and didn't make sense
Some Earth humans are angels, and archangels, and ET's. They came here to help normal Earth humans.
SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE #BASED.. ALL THE HOMIES SHOWIN LUV! VERY SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO THE WOMEN THAT SUPPORT ME! SHOUT OUT TO MY OVERSEAS FAM!
the rain, it is purple.
lol if you say so -.-
games on the computer. You?
Thunder Mountain?
Who says I can’t be free? From all of the things that I used to be Re-write my history Who says I can’t be free?
In dark times we cry out for true leadership.
he can't guard all 5 positions at one time. Jennings, Ellis, Gooden is going to be a horror show on both sides of the ball.
that's what it sounded like.
NBA: Daily Dime Live Daily Dime Live
Learn Lace wigmaking & how to weft hair & watch your $ more than $double$! Recession?-SURE, BUT NOT WHEN IT COMES TO HAIR! www.drwiggys.com
I've got another 1,000 words of KIMBERLY if you want to see it.
They are devoted to finding relevant solutions that meet our clients' changing Inbound marketing needs
Gearing up for #JBWebinar: "Leading When Things Get Sticky" featuring
lmao I know
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
i heard...I'm just bummed I didn't catch these games yesterday. Will have to make sure I watch upcoming games.
10 hour road trip...
when are you starting your US concert tour?????
I didnt actually meet nelly hahahha, I was making fun of my friend, who also lied and said he met nelly.
My mama and brother did fed time, I have a cousin on death row and others doing time.
Finally made it to Charleston.
Don't forget! Last day for Spring 2012 grads to submit online diploma application is tomorrow!
Up before 8am on a Saturday. I must be crazy... So worth it though!
Just had a great meeting with ! Lot's to think about for , but I'm excited. Thanks !
Cooking Channel: Chucks Day Off - well I wanna quit my job, fish & eat the catch of the day forever
well I am from Cleveland, so at least you know someone from there.
how likely is Blazers landing Crawford or Maybe Josh Howard?
WILL DESTROY CLIPS WILL HAVE 2 DESIGN A WHOLE NEW GAME PLAN 4 CALICOE & I ROCKS WITH CLIPS BUT CAL DAT DUDE
Please follow us we are following you so please be kind and follow us:-)
Nick Nolte earns Oscar Nomination for "Warrior"
Still looking forward to your soupy debut, don't let us down buddy!
Some songs just grab you and take you! And I love it when they do
Who says that?
i miss the horoscope app on my droid. it was always dead on. i can't find an iphone one that I like.
you in inspiration , Someone Like you Cover is AMAZING ! :))))))) #ProudOfYou and #ProudMahomie love ya!
: Great review, lady. Super excited to try this place... maybe next weekend!
Listening to New Media Talk w/Dave Olson from & Michael Edson from
Definitely! RT : Oreo macaroons! looks like i need a vacation down there asap!
New Dr Who? Some of them are hot. That might have been it.
painting the day away.....dancing to some Michael Jackson, Off the Wall.....GREAT day! :)
You hurt your back? How? Running away from good taste?
lmfao like i seriously didnt wanna look- but had to go back n look bc it was tht nasty
Good luck youngin
Its 3:10.. I think its time for bed. Good night chirpsters!
Its a trip hearn people talkn sleep or tiered....When I been up for 2dayz on 5hrs of sleep...
I had some laptop issues, like it not working anymore. Sorry I have been off. I hope all are well.
moderating 's closing discussion session
I'm listening to the most hilarious episode of This American Life I've heard yet. Trying not to bust out laughing on this bus.
Hey man you forgot to follow :c
Do you have kids? I thought the movie was incredible.
yeah buddy me nd are back from our trip it waz crazyy
I talk through models in class to highlight argument/structure.
I've got one seat left. You're name is on it if you wanna come :)
C-Lo is saying FU to the guy his ex is driving with! He's also pissed bc the guy doesn't have a blue toof on while driving...
I'll retweet all day, But I will not Repost on Facebook, Different vibes
Marriage is the institution where the woman loses her the name and the man his solvency ~ Anonymous
Thank you for the best coffee ever!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! finals are over for me wooh my brain hurtz from all the studying at least i got mostly "A"s this semester:)>
I have Restless Mind Syndrome.
oh yeah I just saw that tweet. All I know is he needs to drop that album sometime this decade hahah
hoping to have a new home by June!
“: STICK YOUR MASSIVE DICK IN MY THROBBING VAG” hm.
Thank you for the mention the other day!
Justin Bieber follows me, you should too ;)
She has a huge house (fits 20+ comfortably) that would work. We'd be able to figure out a partnership.
Anxious as hell, freaking out
when will this shoot be available?
Heys guys not to complain, try to use Twitter to converse those that just use it to blast out info, either get ignored or unfollowed
Don't miss out on the tour of Leimert Park this Sunday! RSVP at !
Can't wait to make it home! I need my bed
Pre-auction price/yield concessions are obvious as well as little post-auction hangover following $32 billion 3s yesterday.
jeez, why is it so freaking cold???
I think the NFL should study the brain of . Now.
#DarkShadows is playing at the Cinemark! Does going to the #movies make you #hungry? Come in for our all-you-can-eat feast!
I'm sure (see I could have gone all crass with this but I chose to do otherwise ;) )
like that?
I might switch to the iPhone.
Heading to #NY with my #Shool with my
give up now. There's no hope.
Questions on floor: making public investment data more accessible/ readily available to the public; also attracting biotech firms to city
After scouting trailer tape, my complete #Avengers mock draft: 1) Iron Man 2) Hulk 3) Thor 4) Captain America 5) Black Widow 6) Hawkeye
Spontaneous or bust.
Wish I Could Go Hoop Right Now..
Did you know: The sandstone to build the South West Battery came form a quarry in Newark, New Jersey?
hey guys
Tron Legacy is a technological battle b/n God & Lucifer. Like Religion, it is celestially breathtaking but makes little sense when analyzed.
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock giving touching, sincere speech @ Memorial Reception of the Great East Japan Earthquake urging more donations.
Great feedback and discussion by
Happy Easter to all! Give your little ones it's of hugs and kisses!
We also deliver to all of the Gaslamp District , Downtown and Little Italy areas. Delivery hours 11am-11pm.
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, drunk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish all a Happy Friday!
Still ... what a program last night. Talk about ending a season with a bang!
“: People just don't say YOLO enough.”
what's your tumblr url?
And as a meal...
how bad do you want them? I say just stick your hand in her pocket and find out just what is in there
I have 3 skip the line warped tour passes who wants to be VIP with me? Lmfao
you left school to go home and watch eclipse? -_- wth
yes, I gots a new number, I text you but I hope you're not kidding because these shirts are amazing lol
Need 4k for it. Listed at $4500.
American.edu experiencing periodic issues, OIT working to diagnose problems – Terry Flannery, University Communications & Marketing
Speaking of movies, a bunch of us were comparing notes on great programs and we realized they were all (audio) podcasts.
Developing a serious cookie habit from
Eckhardt suggests that deal is not statutorily dependent on County support
Was going to go out but can't find anything I wanna wear :(
Living 5 mins from work is nice!! I'm sure can agree!
Time to start knocking out these last two papers for tomorrow.
Derby Day
Rick Reilly is easily the worst contributor to and certainly #Masters. His reports remind me of 6th grade book reports. Awful.
How was Safe House?
just submitted three proposals to goruco
Love that has same birthday weekend as me. (am I ????? Hm....)
I love that song and the band<3
We <3 Our Residents! Bring us more just like you & we'll give you a check for $200 after they move in!
Yeah I keep getting tweets about someone talking shit. I'm tired of it I'm going to close down this account and open a different one
Tired of charlotte...
hm, what will today bring?
It's Not Mothers Day in The U.S (: xx
Living the life RT : off to bed! covering the trust for the national mall lunch tomorrow then the russert congressional dinner!
Why do we care what Obama thinks about gays?? Just saying guys!
just did lol
Fact or Fiction: A ducks quack has no echo
you got suspended for unfollowing people that is stupid
12oz of a typical American pale lager has fewer calories than 2 percent milk or apple juice.. Get down here if you know what's good for you!
wonderful range of expressions :)
Welcome to the team Samantha Pepas, Stephanie Poelman, Taylor Coppock, Graham Funk, and Dirk Gage!!!
Come Spirit of God and make within us your dwelling place and home. ~RT
Lookin forward to checkin out set tonight! Been a minute.
I play the same game!
Everyone's complaining about the ACT. Already took it. No stress for me!
...wonder what parallel to public health field there is in teaching/education?
Thanks for the follow!
Thought about suicide twice when I open both of them doors
hit the phone fool
In the next day or so we'll hit a milestone that starts with a one and is followed by six zeros...
Unbelieveable! Kids 2day r asked 2 learn 2 much in 2 little time.Would no more if we pick most imprtnt & slow down!
What is Tyson Chandler doing, I'm going to need for him to grab a rebound and throw that down w/ 2 hands...SMDH
Darn it, I think I reinfected myself with a Glee obsession.
Today's tip: Choose exercises that you enjoy doing. You will stick with a fitness regimen when it includes things you like to do.
This week has been only creatives that make my life easier and hell, no in between. Luckily on shoot with a "life easier" team.
Beyond tired. So looking forward to some deep sleep tonight!
leave me alone,ok?
But it'd be a frozen tank to make it really awseomer, right? heh
I think it sixteen or seventeen times a week. I guess I don't say it as often as I think it. ;)
Rusty Carpenter is at #ucf describing the Noel Studio for Academic Creativity and Eastern Kentucky's Minor in applied creative thinking.
Thanks for tweeting along with us yesterday, ! Hope you had as much fun as we did.
I believe we will squeak out King.
Its important for the public to be more educated regarding the environmental & ecological benefits which can be achieved by landscaping
. is today "job handout day?" for notary petition-circulators?
That sounds expensive.
Good businessman/good Mom, guy knows fat son eats a lot of sushi from buffet, man charges $2 more, Mom pays, I win. :)
Love the DP! Get me out this inning!!
the lakers outscored the thunder in the fourth quarter!
Teenage years are comprised of tribulations, confusion, agony and love.
3 centuries of beer later, our tweets might be getting a little less coherent dsfjnercuwie
''I call Myself a mahomie, I hate on other mahomies and bully ppl online. I talk crap & Hate on others b4 I know them''. -Fake Mahomies.
Money and music catch the vibe
WHen are you coming?
iTriage man made it to the convention center!!! Find him and twit pic for a chance to win big!!!!
Hey , glad your account is all better - but we prefer the term "compromised". Hacking isn't a bad thing.
Thanks! Have any links to your music?
Had to reboot my #Droid this morning to get bluetooth to work and now Twitter isn't updating.
Rite now ev one wuld find happiness and peace n kno they're luved
Don't worry..baby you got me..
She said she wasn't a freak, but she was down to try things.
“: I have a d3 body with D4 talent”. Westy U got the most out of ur body. Now I need to get the most out of "blackie"
This is my last cry. This is the only way, this is my own prison. I'm frozen in time.
She wants to do the wobble at the reception....gotta get my camcorder ready cause she has NO rhythm at all!!!
is there a synonym for didn't?
There have been more perfect games thrown (21) than there have been 4 HR games hit (16)
In which I shamelessly (and somewhat incorrectly) use the term "human obsolescence" go.usa.gov/nn3
now that my friend I dont have the time for lol
just discovered his home servers are on a gfci circuit. oops.
great catch at the end for the win!!!
I'm convinced no one from my generation uses a flat sheet on their bed. Idea: flat-sheet-not-included sheet sets. Costs less. Less waste.
Home for the holidays! Enjoy it, dude!
sounds good.
We appreciate you! RT : I see we have a new follower who is a great supporter of our company & our artist
look before you leap.... You might SMASH!! a frog.... lol
Okay, awesome night, lots of photos to come, but that bike ain't going to ride itself in the morning...... g'night! <3
Somethin gives me the feeling Sarah Phillips wears underwear with dickholes in em.
my last day of classes is June 12th then I have to take regents -__-
Journalists Who Stare At Goats?
“The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.”
#thingsthatpissmeoff iPhone freezes, when u only have one button it needs to work
NFL Mock Draft 2012: Chicago Bears Get Defensive Help With Michael Brockers - SB Nation
check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent!
SHUT UP THEY JUST WON HOLLLLLAAAAAA
BOTDF Tonight At The Social Who The Fuck Else Is Going.?!?!?!
I always bet on the dark dark horse for at least one bet you never know!
Today is just a werid day
Never to early to make plans for fun Get your Napa On!
now im lost
Happy Mother's Day, mine isn't on Twitter though.
Send in your ?s for the Young Arabs panel at #fosiQ re gaming, Arabic content, addiction, etc
It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious. ~ Anon
they are of course.
Hopefully you're enjoying your holiday break! Just wanted to wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving...from the team :)
When he says he wants to axe you something, he is not speaking in slang. He is
One of the bigger things keeping my from the Burn.
Hoping for a decent night's sleep before our big appearance on with at 7am. See you then!
simply does not work. You do an excellent job illustrating this.
Still have not seen or met a single turk in dc.
Thank u. I moved from Alabama. What about you?
...it's the transforming power of the city. You up for chatting via "claudio's" by the bridge.
you're coming back to New York?! Can't wait! #party :)
War Room Brigade!
sad. i hate breaks. RT : Last new episode for a couple weeks- TONIGHT. The return of Todd Packer! Should be a non- PC riot.
<3 RT : just got my #weddingdress today :D and its #pretty..yeaahhhh!! so excited to wear it...
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Tortilla and Cauliflower. Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Super busy day today, no time to tweet.
Don't tell that to Habermas!
we aim to please! Thank you for the kind words!
do you drink vodka with your grandparents and talk about girls? i do.
RT": Can't wait to get home and knock the fuck out!!!!!!!!"
So many tweets about food...It's making me hungry.
We'd definitely shift in the overhead compartment. Mainly due to flagging down the flight attendant for a drink.
I woke up cuz I had to pee && now idk why im tweeting.-. bahaha
Alex Gonzalez is a Brewer? Why does that not feel like something to talk about?
Enjoying Mark Lowe's Understanding Court Records, its a hands on workshop. We are working!
RT : ladies and gentlemen, today's demo day conversation will be under the #GLdemoday please love it and use it:)
Dang! and the proper response would have been "Thanks."
I know My Mom was a Floridian! Parents had a little beach house there! I miss it!
Getting ready for NAPEO in September. Link your Social Media and get listed.
How a guy is supposed to get 500 people without causing alarm is beyond me
That awkward moment when you think someones waving at you but they aren't.
3 Finalists Named in Dodgers Bidding
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
I could only hear the bratty 2 year old. Not sure if the mom was around. Regardless, don't take a kid like that to a restaurant
Today thank you for today
“: A #Libra will love you & love you, until you give them a reason not to, then love you some more still but from a distance
RT : Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude, and a lady with class.
The Rabid Vehicle is en route to Kansas!
All of these comments will be available to students in the fall prior to course selection. So there's that!
Calling all #TCOT love to ehar from you so I can follow.
the funk you up dj team is throwin down @ striker lanes in oak park il.
Sometimes, the outlook rules I set outsmart me
A5: She's selling soft drinks. The brand is facing heavy competition from the other category leader. Same demos.
I love u
"can I take a quickure" nervous kg to Jeff Garlin in the elevator at the ritz
If i catch you skypin we gonna be figjtin Got this blade off in my purse and your face I will be slicing
O! Lmao! ROTF! U uh fool for that
How to Find the Right Style of Yoga for You //lifehacker.com/5803333/how-to-find-the-right-style-of-yoga-for-you
Done! www.eggfast.com www.eggfast.com/franchise
BUT, WHY?! :/ JUST LETTME
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight. Was so upset..
bro I'm down I know a bunch of good ones man! Take an east TX to ARK tour
soo true I love it!!!! I wanna milkshake now! Just hearing her name!
Ha ha halarious! I'm talking about Video Stop the movie that premiered to a packed house tonight @ the IMAX.
Watching saddle bronc riding at the St. Paul rodeo with a new cowgirl hat and boots and corn dog in hand. Happy Bday America! #4thofjuly ...
Too bad!
RT: I'm gonna be at the FYE on Randolph St. for an Unexpected Arrival cd signing! Gonna be a dope day in Chicago tomorrow..
ok good! Never like to hear about someone going to a hospital at this time of night, never a good thing! :(
Just think: if the #Saints had beaten the Rams, they would have hosted this game and surely be moving on. Ouch.
Still to be announced: two more films and our panelists.
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Follow the Number Boxing News and Updates on the Web
Open Saturday 9 to 4. Box Lunch Delivery Free everyday for 3 or more people!
#NowPlaying Girl - The Beatles
Don't get in my lane you'll get ran down I promise you
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com####
Pamper yourself in Palm Springs! Studio M Salon and Spa offering 20% off your first visit!
Who else is going to the OF concert tonight?
#Kman's favorite Pandora channel is LMFAO. What does this mean?
#nowplaying Body 2 Body- Ace Hood Ft. Chris Brown
Wish I knew who doused me back. Was right down my shirt.
SO WELL, to prove that in a broadcast live session gig she did for Capital FM here in London.
can u post it now cause I want to no if I got the part?!?
RT #CorporateGreed and the attack on good jobs is out of control.
can I get a pair too?
I'm about to watch the Whole First Season of #BigTimeRush and Then Watch #bigtimemovie! Thats how much a fan i am of Big Time Rush!:D
Hi #libchat, I'm Christian, library associate (public lib), LIS student, and intern (health sciences lib). From MD.
3.25 a gallon in Dearborn: Telegraph between Ford and Warren! Being excited about this reminds me that 2 years ago I'd be weeping at same.
on way to sfjazz collective gig in ny at jazz standard. great shows last night! tonight -- saturday, ny, crazy fans -- can't wait!
Awful, Corey. Awful.
Well, I deleted your message, so the answer is probably "No."
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms OF engineers and all the moms who ARE engineers. There wouldn't be engineers without you.
yeah your tweets are boring haha jk but yeah I got a waterproof iPhone case now so I gotta tweet about it haha
pee on u
opening the finest bottle of champagne that an office party white elephant gift exchange can provide
He sure does!
I bought a bunch of brushes and nail polish because everyone makes it seem SO easy, but it's NOT! Yes, :) hr please! U choose
Hey Neen....... why I don't never hear from you no mo ????
I don't worry about shit cus I really don't care about nothing. #That'sMyAttitude
Yes they do actually have one here in Dallas!! :) 13350 Dallas Parkway Dallas, TX 75240
yet another reason you rock - part of the proud anti-sandal brigade.
Gotta start watchin what i tweet!
MENTION ME IF YOUR TEAM ARISON!!! ;) so I know you would approve of me and madison dating, ya know if it ever happens #neversaynever lol
Apparently there's a football game tonight...
haha. It's okay she seems really cool. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Calling someone pooballs and them not getting it
My boyfriend & I need help.
threadless has that but its a sticker
Great to hear from you. Hope all is well. Not racing for us just yet but the pros are off and running. March/April for us.
American Idiot at the Opera House was a blast last night.
I'd let Artest have that shot all night. All series really.
He did so well last night. Love his singing and his character! Seems like a true artist.
#2 looks great!
and better than the best?
Naked on the bed
So glad you enjoy your time there! Have you taken the tour?
I like your Avi kid.
I am who I am...aint no changing me now.
my biggest fear is the dentist, does anyone have a big fear?
Dying to know how "Gimme That Hat" is accomplished. Twitpic me?
Good news about being awake right now in U.S., awesome tennis to watch live while feeding Ava.
Thanks for the retweets about
Clustering is a way to identify patterns in the absence of student self-declarations about intended program of study.
A perfect method of adding drama to life is to wait until the deadline looms large. ~ Alyce P. Cornyn-Selby
I know I knew you would looks like you came out of Being in denial.
WATCH ME BEEF IT UP... AYE TO CRUNK RITE NOW
getting shit done!
Hospital bound
I need to go eat .. havent ate anything yet
I know, baby! You are awesome!
Wow... is opening up soon!?
Happy Happy Birthday!
This game has the worst umping!! cc:
Coach, has the NCAA officially announced this?
i wouldnt have wasted my entire day watching NFL had i known they would end on two bone headed mistakes....
staying in town this year for that reason alone!
so disappointed for Bilbao on the night. Madrid was class.
Aha yes I am. :] For now. xP DUDE I HAVE NO CLUE. LIKE, I GUESS MY BROTHER? Idk :/ Aha. </3.
=O OMG!! he said "Shawty" OMG *faints* i love itt
Text me zoeys number if u still have it :D morning .
answered! thanks for the heads up.
Where The Clipper/Cp3 Fans
im better so much better noww <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266A> <U+266A> <U+2669>
#OSA is how i roll
The Power of positive thoughts.
Ron Paul just advocated to eliminate the income tax (16th amendment) followed it up by challenging others to a bike race.
Who?? I mean you don't have to tell, but you can always DM me. I have NO idea who hacked me :( <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Why are all the boys from 1D beautiful?
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Cotton Tale Designs Lizzie Musical Mobile
Hooked on iPhone Solitaire. My life is over.
I just feel bad for Cody
Hope everyone had a lovely Christmas :)
Good game but Cotto put up a good fight
designing #danceriddims trying to fix the login
nice fact. Knowledge is power. Useless or not.
The Chocolate Dominoes are still on clearance at Williams Sonoma. Divine handcrafted bites melt in your mouth. Ordering more for V-day!
Nvm my dad said I can't get rid of them..
I think the word you are looking for is false profit?
Great relat between Tabata and Walker there for that tag out!
Thanks for the @!
nothing im mad tired lol
Anyone had luck updating a Harmony900 remote via Lion? Contacted their support & no response.
do you know that song? It's so old! Haha
RT : When being line leader was the coolest job ever...
hey girl,! Wanna do me a favor,?
I just finished my last #libraryschool assignment of the semester. One more semester to go!
Close your eyes and see the beauty...
Phrase of the day "Icing on the sh*t cake"
If dirks Jersey moves its a foul smh
I agree!
I also play good and lose daily. Does that qualify me to also be a "poker legend?"
I likes th square one best, personally
Can't keep my eyes open any longer. But if the Brewers blow this in the 9th, I don't want to see it anyways.
Folding up some nautical charts. Sailing Adventure ahead.
boy howdy!
Because so many people went to our benefit at Pinkberry on Sunday we raised over $180 and now our team has enough to bike against MS!
Today is the day of spiders (killed another that was creeping around my desk).
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." Lao Tzu
In a far off land a courageous band of freedom fighters are standing up to a repressive regime. But enough about Wisconsin...
You guys are doing great stuff with the interviews, keep it up!
Salli is an underated beauty! No disrespect to her hubbie, playa stay focused!
How much time did you spend playing with your #dog or #cat this weekend?
Sleeping, best way to pass the time <3
I think bringing Gibby is a brilliant idea=) just saying. haha
NYT A1 sty on poverty bookended by ad for $10K watch and photo of $$$ designer dresses.
Oh it scares me too! Sigh. Eventually i'll stop being such a baby about it: )
thanks for helping spread the word! :)
It is true I swim in a perpetual sea of #sex but the actual excursions are fairly limited
My daddy & brother just left. Came to visit me & Gia.
#AdmitIt when you were younger you would take showers and when the water ran down your arms you thought you were a fucking water bender!!!
Our latest episode is about Swordplay movies, including Gladiator, 13 Assassins and Hanzo the Razor. What's your favorite swordplay film?
Up and at em'!
Hey Dan!
Be one of the first to stay in a new Disney Story Room at Disney's Art of Animation Resort. Contact us for your free quote:...
As advertised at a coffee stand "No pastries, just pasties!" how classy.
That Blog is Super Duper!!!
Lots of screaming and profanity directed at my television right now.
IOWA STRAWPOLL WILL DETERMINE NEXT PRESIDENT
pretty sure it's an A-. You Did some good work this semester.
FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF
im in the mood 4 tacos to bad i cant eat some lol
“: My husband gabs on the phone like a 12-year-old girl. #gossip”mine too...hilarious/annoying
that's what's up, I hear you on the $$$ tip.
Chillin watching ghost adventures
Already feeling a little wistful about the end of 30 ROCK.
Gabi and I have been questing for the best pumpkin ale. Might this be a contender?
Lame game, ducks got jobbed by bad refs!
Late nights. Early mornings <
I'm such a sweet heart n I'm keeping it like that <U+E056>
With the little sleep I've been getting you'd think I had a newborn. Nope, just a sick dog and a neurotic cat.
Why are stripclubs so pretty lol.
I want to be your first,last and everything or nothing at all....
he is so amazing:)
#Brazilsaysvashappenin ... and Alexis say POTATO
I got rank fool
if someone claimed them, would it not still be just as bad? Lol.. Either way it's still shit!
We are only 32 followers away from 200! We'll start giving away prizes once we hit 200! Who is going to participate?
Looking forward to a quiet travel sched for a while...focusing on planning a wedding, writing, spending time w/ friends & fam!
interesting pov... Thanks... So much to unpack with Tebow football, religion, and media...
Thanks sweetie! Your the best!
Okay no more requests. I am live, warming up on ZenLive.tv -- I want to hear you sick fucks calling in tonight when the show starts @ 9!
Dam shit getting crazy out here niggas using pocket cameras to shoot #videos lol
Given the gloom outside, it's a perfect day to lie on the couch and watch tv. Enjoy it while you can!
So birds, bees, and now tree frogs... never a dull moment :)))
#IHateToBreakItToYou but you're the creator of your reality. So, stop blaming others n take control of ur mind. Become a conscious creator
omg that is so good!! i love it you r a really good singer!! ;D
Long day of location scouting for #webseries yesterday for Cigarette Cinemas. Pictures to come! Some great spots to shoot!
When's the next LA art fair of note - getting withdrawal in SoCal when hearing of big NYC #armoryshow & sales!
they'd be horrible porn angels if they didn't.
One more time... Happiest of ageless birthdays to the amazing ! I simply adore you
BYOB? That's genius, haha! This party is going to be a hoot! (:
Only I can stop the rain
Dog sitting at mom's, missin MY dog
spring break is here! Next couple days to focus on a presentation at Mac Tech Conference and some other major projects (i.e, MA Thesis)
Teenage girls, hell. The "couldn't shut up" champions in my theater were a couple of middle-aged dudes over my left shoulder.
i just really dont trust him haha.
Opened LONG $NZDUSD @ .74968; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74% SHORT
haha and even he's got issues! Lol but at least he earns his friggin paycheck!
#Characters on my line.lol
Save money, and print with us.... Contact us today for more info and pricing.
what's good jay davis what's miller street studio adress,this is for your cameo for the shots fired video for this saturday.
what scripture would help me through temptation??
would like to help you with your project. I saw a completion date for 2011...are you still working on this?
Well, he was playing pretty darn deep, but still, argh
Walmart Introduces Top Quality USDA Choice Steaks Just in Time for Summer Grilling Season
i knew that... yeah! haha :) Hows the weather right now?
probably wont play but its good to know if we do, we can pick a decent qb lol
Thanks for the #FF Spencer!
Happy Birthday - I can't wait to celebrate with you tomorrow night! It's going to be wigtastic!
Mine will be. Tattoo + nose pierced + moving out + FREEDOM
Damn it, Mako!
misery/rejection loves company! #neverforget why we joined this field, do your best everyday to serve others.
okay upstair's neighbor: Cee Lo Green's F*CK YOU is a good song, but not 30 times in a row good.
RT if you love & support & will always love & support him (:
Just took an online survey for free sandwich. Mainly b/c customer service is ALWAYS above average. Great training! Thanks.
haha go to hell...oh wait u are.
Bye Bye Birdie callbacks today, then Camille's wedding! Busy, but I'll put on a happy face!
Good morning twitter peoples! and the people that im following!
is that near the summit? I might need to have oxygen choppered in by that point
aw have fun!!!
just found On Omegle ! Go Follow Her!
Btw, if you ever see Popcorn Indiana at Wal-Mart, get it, it rules.
Yo man...I got something for you in a few weeks bro.
Right back at ya brother!!!
Betsey Johnson filed for bankruptcy /: what a sad day. at least her stuff is going to be really cheap :D
It would be cool if Starbucks & subway delievered tht way u could get 2 things u crave haha
knowing what you want
Solving a math problem when you first wake up will always put you in a grumpy mood... And I had to solve ten to undo my alarm. Joy.
Love this response from the team: "Somebody needs to tell Senator Santorum this isn't golf. Having a lower score isn't better."
You guys should see the iphone case me and kenzie got . Hes gonna love it. :)
Please. For the sake of all Directioners, let the rumors about Harry and Taylor be false.
delectable eats and Caribbean beats
Local TV media at #CU420 almost complete; News4 Denver just arrived. Morning show coverage won't have a lot to show yet.
You can't say you're a pacer fan if you ride lebrons nuts bad enough to want him to beat your team.. that's so ass backwards
It's just one of those days... Sigh
nothing else to do so im facebook creepin'
Beth Perlman, former Constellation Energy CIO, will kick off the HBT IT Manager Training and Mentoring Program at an open workshop on May 5!
RT“ HAPPY MOTHER 'S DAY” THANK U
. Armato says make case individually to unis that you are part of their research mission. Press become part of campus life
Have a networking event coming up? Post it here.
Not the prettiest game, but it should seal a 1 seed for us. Go Orange!
it's serious stuff :)
what's up then, lol jk
Thanks for the follow Nicole! We'll be sure to fill you in next time we've got an event on the East End.
My back hurts....from dancing.
Gonzalo Higuain might make some people pretty happy
I need to chill out.
I love offensive stuff and the French. Oh wait, I'm being redundant.
Prepping for (Heavy Influence Trilogy) webisodes meeting at Raleigh Studios.
Matt Flynn to Seattle and the acquisitions by the Rams will make for an interesting NFC West Division this year.
Everyone thinks they can do better
Nothing really. These were two strong DFL seats that went heavily for the DFL. No surprises either way, both DFL candidates...
ur a child grow up lmao
oh yes! And if they ever learn how to use twitter I'm sure I'll win daughter in law of the year.
It's gonna get, it's gonna get, its gonna get louder
Oh YUM! I love crepes! RT : A1 #Foodiechats crepe delivery in NYC!
thanks rach u Betta b at my birthday party!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Could have died 30 seconds ago...
it's a new animated show 'bout a burger joint -> flights of the concords meets awesome! you can watch it on hulu~
Oh man, after working on a bunch of PC's in the past week, each one with some form of virus/malware contamination… garbage.
hey, I finally found you on twitter. Didn't see you at "Like Crazy" tonight. I went to "Mumbai Diaries" afterward
Try to see "Newsies" you'll love it.
I will see you soon and I better get hook up with some breakfast lol
Brewers in first place. Will it last?
Raspberries and blueberries from #stultsfarm + #wegmans vanilla yogurt = red white & blue smoothie yum! Happy 4th!
A case of butt-dialing at its best. is live with more on how a phone call led police to two criminals!
www.Shastic.com is for #artists and #venues to promote #events! Join our beta program and try all of our services! DM us!
Artful Watcher: Don't miss Beauty & Bounty: American Art in an Age of of Exploration @ Seattle Art Museum. Ends 9/11/11
There is nothing in this world more depressing than UKs spring game
For the 2nd day in a row, I've seen a Bald Eagle sitting in the same dead tree, just on the edge of town. So awesome.
#RANDOM #COD #MW2 advice.......try scavenger with claymores....see how much fun that can turn out to be...LOL
Been Zooted since first yawn... Wats going on today world?
They keep playing Party Rock at Chuck E Cheese. I really want to go shuffle!!!
lol, thanks. and i'm not rude! someone threw your post-it away in lunch detention , ahah.
Walking the paper route in The rain...
Slept on my neck wrong last night now I can't whip my hair today..dang
ur so mean u never tweet me back !!!!! Uggggg
5 more "likes" to hit 500! Help us get there today...suggest us to your friends!
Good Luck!
only TWO days to get your early bird registration rates for the JPA 5k! Register now at www.juvenile.org Pls RT!
We've expanded to the #Charlotte NC market. If you're in #Charlotte please let us know!
good night what time is it over there
Time: Heals and Reveals.
i smoke nuthn but loud packs
that's bad, that's bad.
I don't like Rush, but don't understand the uproar. Isn't he just another radio side show act? Did all of you boycott Dan Savage too?
I Love It When She Talk Crazy , That Dick Make Her All Crazy !
doing some practice on 5D.. Expecting for better output...:-))
They have till Monday but everybody wants to get this over by Thursday
You have to on typewriters because the type is fixed width.
the credits though. Thats all i am saying, no spoilers here! We are relaxing for the weekend, and then is back at it. Playable material
Wow was arrested on weed charges held with no bond!! Really NO BOND!!!!
NOW HIRING promoters for Miami's hottest venues!! DM for details...
Well good news abounds. We are no longer in the land of the unemployed....
Hello Clara nice to follow you on twitter. James "Jerry" Thomas
I actually don't have any work due tomorrow even if I did it's not like I was gonna do it
It's lunch time at the ! Come out for our new sweet & light salads &, for the guys, our $9 sirloin sliders!
I sent you it on YouTube
I can be such a bitch.
good thing I've ran 1 table all night. Wishing I was with you!!
“: s/o to always a humble soul. #salute n #respect”
No school for me
Just booked a wedding video for May at #knoxvillezoo. Here's hoping the couple works a tiger into the ceremony.
Thanks to my "Party Rock Rule" I've listened to Party Rock Anthem over a dozen times on my iPhone. It's a jam every time.
I knew her intentions now i proved them
Our website is back up and running! Thanks for all your patience :)
Yep. It was the nurse word that did it for me.
feeling great, heading to the gym <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> &you? coffee <U+2615>supply good?
she is in the air lol. She is on her way to France
RIP James Normile paddle out Sandbridge Beach
I'm lactose intolerant so for me, bad decision. You, mildly questionable....Jk :-)
"The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money." Thomas Jefferson
#Mets Santana owns #Rockies. He's held them scoreless over all 20 innings he's faced them. Rox have one hit through 4 innings today.
I follow back, may not be the same day but i get around ...relax
“: Sanchez is you have a scared kid who should be mature but still throws 4 TD passes. It's a maddening enigma. agreed!
Blodwyns date of birth! Weeting like it's 1999!
I'm fairly certain I could take Davey Johnson in a knife fight.
Just heard moves like jagger and made me think of
LOB CITY.
I follow back like a boss
your new address is 6502 Odana Road and Potomac Lane
"I hope you didn't jeopardize the story just to come here & tell me that." "I love you more than any story."
Thanks for sharing. Have a succesful day! Samuel
March is looking pretty good. Mad Men and Community are coming back! Can never have too much
We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!
There will never be a best friend like
Not too surprising to see Apple jump into txt books. They walk this fine line w/ iBooks, Cards & more. But a very delicate balance for sure.
Feel better Dan!!!
Absolutely LOVING #Smash Music via the website or YouTube! The original songs & remakes are so catchy.
on our site it's all static. not sure whether making this dynamic would clarify or worsen the issue...
KG and ray allen are phenomenal
alas some teachers are still think that way about wikipedia
oh where at?
Chili cheese fritos and one big glass of chocolate milk.. Here I come! c;
RT : Celebrate Mother’s Day this weekend at BJ’s! Treat Mom to one of our new specialty drinks and BJ’s Famous Pizookie®!
Nice, looking forward to the review.
Tomorrow! Help Rice GSA raise funds for Relay For Life. Buy GSA t-shirts, bubble tea or stickers from the GSA Lounge from 3-5pm
Took my dog to the vet and he tried to make a run for it. There is nothing funnier than a dog on the loose in a public place! xo
Last year, finals made me puke. Round 2?
Animal name drinking game is on.
Have a great day. Keep studying hard. Romeos rock.
ugh my throat kills so my mom called me out of B-block thanks bbg ((~:
So blessed to have a Love of all loves!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pinkberry - Dessert (live updates)
Do you accept product submissions?
At north naples country club with my good friends jerry n sherri beauchamp
i just laughed so hard at 's video. i'll be picturing that while i'm watching you at bamboozle... thanks.
kinda obsessed with researching everything in life. some ppl say i have shopping probs, but idts. i just research and determine I NEED.
I think u did a WONDERFUL job !!! :-)
I need chocolate
That's why it needs to just be legalized
“ #Pisces is drawn by #Gemini's wit and communicativeness, and #Gemini is fascinated by #Pisces's mystery”
well frankly dear i don't give a damn. <U+E00E>
used to fire people like the guy in 'up in the air'. One of the many similarities between him & George Clooney.
Luckily I was recording. Wow -- he was fantastic. And that jacket was spectacular too!
_Silicon Date_ If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours.
I'm glad the two of them were able to laugh off such embarrasing moments.. shows true character
There's nothing like setting the bar really low, then celebrating when you pass it.
No doubt in my mind - tonight was the greatest sports moment I will ever experience. I would wash Dirk's feet with my tears of joy.
Stomachache and headache today. Slept them off, pretty much. Maybe I can be productive tonight.
We are using "PR" as a shortcut for telling people what we are doing, announcement style, right?.
Darn again mine is 150x150 I can resize it quickly?
THE MOTHERFUCKER WITH THE HAT is simple and strong in it's direction. Great play, solid cast! See it! YUL VAZQUEZ is a pleasure to witness!
Jon Kyl is looking for a factual statement #notintendedtobeafactualstatement"
Can't wait to watch on X Factor! Mostly just watching for her.
wat up sexy
Has been posted on Facebook, and will be Advertised EVERYWHERE, SOON
Alexandria's raises $42K for Madison Annex project thru Spring2ACTion. $210K needed for buildout and move.
Hshxudjeje. I'm bored.
Reggae at its best! #VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar, Florida this February 19th!!
Just taught a class to a bunch of lawyers. It went surprisingly well, thankfully.
true true, i feel for them in a way, i looked through some primary pictures and then like now people have changed so much!
Facebook this, Facebook that. Mehh.
Is that a confirmed account? If so, hilarious.
thanks for the following)
thanks dear!
Miami Income Tax Professionals
Lena Horne sang the MESS out of Believe!!! Just WONDERFUL!!
#TheVoice is almost done and there have been some great performances! "RT" if you will be tuning in on May 8th for the
100 years old! and dont worry "the enemy" hasnt been lookin so good... i still love my red sox though :)
i love #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE and you so much ah u changed my life forever in an awesome way. please rt!
looking beautiful I just kissed u from my phone now my phone bill will be decrease lmao ;)
Teens - need something to do this summer?? Sign up for Mosaics, Comic Art, Drama Troupe and Sewing classes - yst.org
Just woke up...time to get my game face on
Shifman: Beatings and rapes are daily occurrences for children who are being prostituted. Same kids are escaping violence at home.
This is absolutely what I was going last night.
Really missing you today buddy. Hope climbing is a blast!
Alrighty then,slap the cuffs on him!
RT : Prospective customers will always tell you what they'll buy & on what terms...if you just listen.
Fuck a duck lip pic. Girl SMILE !
My Baby Finally Sleep
Really? I'm going to google that. If so, good. Maybe that'll clean it up. It's really annoying.
oh ok cool me to bored ready to go to work
I hate New Hampshire
Beads galore--celebrating Mardi Gras in the Gaslamp tonight.
Josh Benson's News Ramble | A Stroll Through a Newsman's Life ...
Oof, TONS! Thanks, Justin! RT : Anyone else following the #libmade twitter chat seeing some twitter spam? Don't click!
Emerald Bay Equity should rethink as a tenant on Queen Anne. July 15 will be a sad day.
Sun, Mon, & Tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify & providing complete care, e.g. BP meds, etc.
“: Welcome to the world of #Pisces and their multitude of personalities on any given day...”
I'm great! How are you? :) Xo
Is anybody? We're sort of in a dry spell here...
oh i wanna see it! and im jailbreaking my ipod D:
follow me and ill follow back :D
could be worse.
#RelocateTheCoyotes <<<--- Get it trending!
Lmbo!!! I don't blame you homie!! RT : A spider 6 inches from ya face removes all the gangsta from ya body lol
I wanna start my life over.
lets do something good waiting for who
camping it up tonight in Momon, Indiana! Ahead of schedule!
Have you heard Mobley?
yeah...just read the quotes by my students. That's all I really contribute to twitter. That and theater related topics.
what player in draft would I be excited to play with? any name but anthony davis!
First off... Good morning nd stay blessed
I need to watch bama lsu w you and john
There is no such thing as justice--in or out of court.
My Bus Cum Late EveryDay !
nothing bothers me more than sales blast emails - when it's so obvious my name & company have just been copied into a template.
Can you please explain how Columbus, OH, is in the home TV territory? What network?
What's going to happen to Greys if everyone's leaving?
I always work better under pressure, or maybe that's just my excuse for procrastination.
show TONIGHT at iota! I'll be there! 9pm! yippie!
thank you<3
what a wonderful cause... happy to follow!
GONNA PARTY TONIGHT. ITS FRIDAY
someday again when I see again I'm gonna give her a huge hug because I still remember the day in the library 9th grade year !
You go Sherri Shepherd.
If men are disciplined and contented, old age is [only] somewhat laborious-Republic 329d, Plato
After 15 minutes I wanted to marry her, & after half an hour I completely gave up idea of stealing her purse.- movie Take the Money&Run -hah
A London based hedge fund is launching a million dollar venture. That makes investment decisions based on a 100 million daily tweets.
If you say you're my friend and give me the runaround about membership, you are not my friend and I hate you.
Hope my bay feels better. With them red ass eyes..
I have so many scenarios about how they made this video, its ridiculous.
haha truth. I love my Delta Sky Lounge in Atlanta, so fancy.
Of course, that was my point. If GS mistreats their clients, they should go elsewhere or stop trying to beat markets—you can't
warner bros licensing so convoluted it will be a long while before we see that.
Today is May 16th .. so, today in a month is the concert in #Berlin .. I'm so excited! :D
Sorry Bro, butt hurt that I didnt get a callback. I S-A-N- Double G'd my audition 2day. They chose kids who had never sang B4
I think they should rename it Z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-zyrtec. I am just now getting out of my all day drowsy haze.
this nigga paris better have my money tomorrow cause his ass know he can't hold ryone' ...
great can do attitude from Gen Manager Gardendale, Al. Awesome dining experience!!
": I just watched your "You & I" cover. I loved it! You're really talented." thanks! :)
/ - Just saw 's tweet about your new Chicago office. Great to hear! I assume Boston is next...
dont be, at least u making money
When I was watching the interview i was like, "who tf are code 5?" I still don't know who they are. Judge me.
Great to have join the team today! More formal announcement forthcoming.
^ Perfectly Paired Puns As Valentine’s Day approached, I tried to think of an unusual gift for my husband. When I discovered that his...
No Super Bowl rematch
how can be apart of Brazil's Pride? It is one of my dreams to come and perform tell me how or if it's Possible?
I am in incredible shape.
Speaking of which.... it's way past 5 o'clock here in ET. I'm finally reading the Hunger Games and I think it's calling to me.
Develop an attitude today that flows from your own vision of what you want your life to be.
Happy Birthday ! And now, I'll go to Facebook and make it official ;^)
RT if you love
RT Don’t chase people. You’ll grow tired and they’ll keep running. Games are for children.
I do mixing and mastering hmu if you need anything
S Janikowski's brother? RT VTech's kicker was charged in armed break-in at basketball player's house, reportedly involving drugs
Emotional bitches!!!
that or cut back on the vino :)
Obviously you can change the location but when it's set to Pittsburgh #pennhillslies is trending
would be proud of me. I'm working remotely at on my iPad. So techy!
Current TV should thank you now for all the press they are getting! Hope you land another gig soon buddy!
Getting it!
yeah, I'm in Alabama for wedding so I couldn't get it out. It'll come out April 6th
With out of the studio today, I got to browse the - (my favorite!)
Good morning everyone
Stagletii RT : I'll be back n August , we gotta make us a song lol
oh. How did u go last year tho?
Yes, presenting. I've never been to Ireland so I'm especially excited.
Damn you are good
Hey guys keep on voting for Best pop artist ! <3
I'm good thanks just getting ready for bed
Staying busy! Rehearsal tonight. Working on new material for our show on the 27th.
Lol.!(: The beach's an hour away...?(: And there's a big ass mall with three floors.? :D So Houston has its perks(x
congrats! how exciting!
A bestfriend will notice when you're upset when everyone else thinks you're absolutely fine .
because I'm sure as hell a Turkey Breast Footlong isn't a $5 footlong
Today is All Souls Day! "A home without books is a body without a soul."---Marcus Tullius Cicero. Do something nice for your soul - smile!
le Carre's 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.' Deliciously complex, what a thriller by Henry James might have looked like
This weeks mission is to reach 1,000 ppl and help them acquire their much needed medicine. Help us help others!
Talk about a bad hair day! #toosassoon?
Publication "bean counting" is obstacle to new publication models for up-&-coming scientists
#BroadwayBar tonight...$1 margaritas all night!!! Join me tonight...
Happy Monday Morning!
Moments like this>>>>>
How can I get an autograph?!
Just when you think you know someone, they stab you in the back and clean the knife on your shirt.
He wouldn't be the first hot shit prospect to fail miserably. He could need Tommy John surgery after a month...
for Nathan!
Happy Commencement Day, Northeastern! Graduates were all over North Station this morning.
Lacey can't get sucked into an ideology of adopting no growth policies advocated by many in the region and expect to survive as community.
Not including earned interest, of course.
"you're ugly Christina, get over it" -Nicholas -____-
When things in life are not as monetarily accessible to you as they were once before, you will do almost anything it takes to get there.
Fingers crossed. Seems odd it came down so quickly after they closed.
Mac'n'cheese with #bacon in the oven right now.
Waking up textin ...I'm bound to spell everything wrong!
Usually when I say get out of my face it means GET OUT OF MY FACE!
A special Excal Radio Network presentation this week will feature #Wheelock and Daniel #Webster basketball!! 12 pm tipfrom Chestnut Hill!!!
How could I branch out so far from what I was born to be, what I so deeply and distinctively was already once…
M... I just ate a spoonfull!!!
Wonder if she's still tryna go out ..
one tiny hand!
That fucking sucks. Is that work related to fashion? because that has happened to be few times..
At least I don't dip my peanut butter and jelly in tomato soup like you do. That's just sick and wrong.
New book-- It's Even Worse Than It Looks-- by Thomas Mann/Norm Ornstein-- offers invaluable insights. Read it!
Great ideas are coined everyday, people just need an avenue to voice their thoughts...
Yep. Chopper 10 on the way to the working fire in Clark County now.
you look more like now <3
Be memorable. Customize your communications. Differentiate yourself from every other person with the same job title.
what's difficult about being an actor? What's the hardest part?<3 Oh and te amo mucho, Ariana<333
that's what they say...but research proves women in leadership are still inherently considered inferior
good seeing you out there!
may be the kewlest person I know
I assume it's for a cardigan! Or a suit jacket. Can't go sleeveless at work - I'm no Michelle Obama, mmkay?
RT : The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face. ~ Napoleon Hill
so like who has instagram ?
"Titanic" was my "Twilight". Just sayin'.
:I bet college can be ruff! Mom & Dad said it's a lot of work. I started Puppy Preschool & I'm pooped after class! C U soon I hope!
Is #GCF And That Won't EVER Change(: <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Thanks for the RT!
I'm sad. I won't be going back to what was one of my favorite places. Bummer.
She deleted her Twitter. You always have
That's the idea
Red Wings win 21 in a row at home!
What cool stream, I just saved that tweet about brain surgery to my SawBoard!
For people to stop hating each other & to start using proper grammar more often. But I will settle for the former.
Well we don't want to put D&D on hold! Are you still having problems?
Nah, you didn't piss us off :P Just wondering why you're blastin us?... that's all.
Acorn Bags
RT : thanks so much for voting! #rowforfreedom /// absolutely!
yo ass lol I need my cd back!
What's good fam? How have you been?
I'm too coo to be fuckin w/ you broke hoes , they call me true religion shawty if you don't know ! ;)
On a large enough perspective, not even photons, immortal as they are, move in a straight line. They curve and bend with spacetime
How often does somebody smash things, I'm rusty.
lol. You are evil.
Go Buckeyes!
Team Follow Back,So if i followed you then follow back,gotcha girl miss call i'ma gone call her back,*TeamFollowBack*
#ds106 #4life -- What an amazing, generous, supportive, and creative community. Proud to be a part of it. Thanks to everyone!!
thanks for RT Jared. I like idea of having my own space but can do just about anything anywhere w/ iphone & laptop!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Closed today, back open tomorrow.
HOW BAD CAN GRAHAM BE???
Got to give it to the ATL Hawks as they beat the teams they need to beat. A center would take them to the next level. Hawks 97 Bucks 92
Just heard "When We Were Young' by for the first time!!! Uplifting and so beautiful!! Can hardly wait to drive & sing along!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
insulted by booze breathed woman on my bus ride home. what did i do to deserve that? she said i was rude for blocking her view. uh, crowded
Rex, thanks for connecting! Matthew
Excited for tonight’s roundtable to discuss #onlinesafety #AVGSafeKids with
RT : "Zones" are interactive playrooms that we open in Children's hospitals around the country. Denver will be our 7th....
Starting the short week off right with the new album...then its off to #Rockies spring training in AZ Thurs a.m.!
Spectacular weather? No traffic? A sweet game of basketball? Carmageddon you're more than welcome in LA anytime! LOL
Tibetan monks use a breathing technique call "Tumo" to increase their body temperature in the cold, high mountains.
LOLOLOL i had that moment a couple of times and then I ended up in philadelphia.
I want some
Home sales are up in the Metro area. What's behind the surge. Tnight @ 6:30PM on KGW.
So enjoying all the musicians and music outlets that I'm following. Books and music are the only things I've really given a damn about.
yes saturday again. It's a Edc tradition . Lol well for me & you . Lol
Follow us today and learn more about studying around the world. #France,
In the same room with Donald Trump..very heady!!
Glad you enjoyed it! What'd you have to eat?
I like apple jews, orange jews, banana jews...
it's not beer. It's hard cider. So. Yeah.
Follow us
Great meeting with and Doc Burkhardt!
Since you get an extra 24 hours this year, we feel justified in your professors giving you an extra 8-hour assignment today.
Beautiful day for a site tour! Getting ready to head out to the to look at the layout for some sporting events!
Will probably be 2014 before state economy can be considered recovered. Lockyer.
Just Did :D !
The only reason I'm sucking it up on Scamtrak is bc a madhouse in Philly (eastern shut down). Plus lucky star cut back.
tell me about it
too typical haha glad you found it just as funny as me
My friend just made out with the keyboard player from the White Rabbits.
Washington State Arbor Day--April 14th! Ceremony at Marshall Comunity Park 11am til noon in the 'Couve
It's raining 3s! Keep it up #Buckeyes!
gonna b raucous!
As much as I don't care for how his 2terms went, George W is a pretty kick ass dude
This little kid here is so adorable, omg.
Starting work, yuk
I changed my mind.
thank you. it's been rough. and I had to take 2 years off. but I'm so happy to have a year under my belt!
I found THE perfect poem for Vivian!
Do you know anyone who's dealing w/Leukemia or Lymphoma?Our Prez is running 100 miles to raise funds for
Thinking about the relationship between personal #identity and #neuroplasticity in the context of creating relevant #learning experiences.
I love him so much.. <3
Hello new followers! Hopeful you will engage w/ this project. Share, comment, write. Add to #180voices180stories. Yours is a story to tell!
75 pages left to go in Book 3. Not sure what to do with my life after that.
If I'm going to figure this thing out for reals, I need to pick a "Claire" related name. Any suggestions?
Hi Kewl One! *Waving*
Yay my friends are here visiting me in Hawaii .. Yay .. So much fun to be had .. Woo
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!! Please be safe tonight!~~~Many blessings:)
Printing them programs, boss
This morning the computer was acting totally stupid I was like OMG you can't be 4real at this stage in the game.
My favorite part! I just hate the early mornings.
thnx 4 the follow G. Chi town in dis bitch
Hope everybody caught Super Sunday this afternoon! Beautiful Day to be outside!
Strategies when program begins, First – “If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.”
Windows down, country music on, flip flops, tank top, and shorts. I love my life!
Sorry, I meant a girlfriend not "girls"
Boyfriends mommy helped me make a tuna sammich (:
Well follow back then....-LOL
congrats! Very nice house.
Beezy Told Me The Realest Thing EVER Yesterday, He Said " Keith, Your Going To Have A Great High School Life ! " :D . #AllICouldDo .
I thnk jus got on to spy on my tweets..lol
Happy birthday You're the man! Can I get a RT so I can rub it in my friend's faces for life?
Imagine Tomorrow is a student driven IT conference presented to middle students.
Absolutely the biggest reason I have probably yet to invest. UGLY!
Talking bout yell bra u heard my mix tape.... Yell i heard dat hot ass garbage
Anybody else like Foster the People?
angry bird on chrome (Y).
So true. Do you use the GTD method?
by business u mean looking through your couch for change.
Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple" at a time it really was....(sighs)
Shoutout to the patron who (jokingly) wanted to pay an overdue fine with old CTA transit tokens.
I don't like it when people I am fond of move away.
same here! Let's go!
Best Beastie Boys song "Brass Monkey." Can't even Tweet how that song was a part of my upbringing. RIP MCA
7th grader already asking me how to improve his chances of getting into higher classes because he finds school challenging...wow.
Dear GOD...please help us with this Economy thing...I don't mean to beg but we really need help
Whether you own single family homes, apartments, duplexes or condos, our company ensures that your property is well maintained. --RPM
turn your lights down low <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Uhm, why did I just see an internet explorer ad on TV?
I think u guys will enjoy this album coming late this summer. Dropping something for the ladies early in the fall.
: Nice to meet you! I read historical bios, police procedurals, scifi and just a plain good read!
beautiful Howard and Beth. Always enjoy seeing your work.
Hey There Bear!! Funny stuff Mike!!!
I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
too much fun! jump off plane & come back!!!
you should also start refering it as expriencing "the Joe"
HA! Even if they dont win any games the intro will be fire!
Watching #TheLastSong. One of my favorite movies/books of all time :)))
yes please! I'm looming forward to it!
I love Pumped Up Kicks!
You're welcome. Check out--
I know like I said don't worry <U+E00E> i got you <U+E14C><U+E14C><U+E14C>
I HAVE OFFICIALLY MADE 44 FANS...WHAT INSTRUMENTAL DO YOU GUYS WANNA SEE ME ROCK????
They will help you find the right lawyer!
We are a great platform for exactly this type of digital campaign, particularly targeted and interactive ads.
Congrats guys!
If you're are going to change than change for the better..and don't wait bc tomorrow is never promised
Yeah, those flares can put you in the hospital. Sigh. Maybe one day a cure or better meds for it.
#813 what is your favorite movie ever?
It's interesting how they maintain their "small, idealistic company" brand while owned by Kellogg.
Misperception -> technically possible to geo-target, though not effective or as easy as generally perceived.
Given that TFA places teachers in high-needs schools is their retention = to traditionally trained teachers in these schools?
#MM Tune in today 12-2pm CST 6-8 pm BST to #music from Me will get some playtime! Thanks
i know im drunk when my mouth feels numb! lol
That is nice and all but DNC is throwing Wisconsin under the bus.
GOD IS GOOD, but Jesus is Better!
Now everytime I see the grizzlies on tv it makes me miss memphis and the fedex forum even more lol
Eating Chilli & Fries, food not good.
I always feel so fabulous at night time but then in the morning it's like self-loathing central.
Gov. John Kasich calls for an Senate Bill 5 compromise...We'll let you know what Union Leaders are saying in response---at 4 on
We just qualified somebody for a mortgage of $250,000 on a home worth $150,000 - rates under 5%!
What really?? :O but did you see him on tv? :)
Did you know-The red rocks of Sedona, AZ took millions of years of erosion to cause the formation of its majestic shapes and narrow canyons.
Up next on the TJMS: Wendy Williams!!
best friend even tho he loves his saints and is a season ticket holder
what up bruh
Is #organic #milk too much to ask for when I go to my moms house?!? #sheesh!!! Lmao
Capitol Hill Block Party is amazing this year...great weather and sweet bands...today is going to be one you're not going to want to miss
My phone's wallpaper is the rhubarb hand pies.
Missing out on Tijuana panthers tonight but it's alright ,Dodger game seems more epic Maybe I'll draw something inspired by the stadium/game
hahaha.x) I swear the last two tweets made my night #OddFutureKarla #KarlaGangOrYourJustTheFucknTardOfTheYearYouPussyAssBitch <3
Hi! Tells us more about The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete! I heard the writer is incredible and impossibly handsome.
GO 2 SLEEP!!!!!! good night love you sis!!!!
did good on out science project wooh wooh !
Thanks for your help! Yes, I've leaned on support....
we used to use 2 radios....1 to play the beat and one to record vocals. cant forget the tissue, that was our interface lol
THANKS FOR FOLLOW
Good question via " is there a point where we need to draw the line in terms of collection development policy?"
I can take this guy, no worries!
"I should either do something to develop broader insights and answer these questions or just shut up about them." - J. Bishop
Thanks!! I love Pinterest...I haven't joined yet but, I'll look for you there. Lol, I'm doing packages too- Glad I could help :)
I am so tired. #41 days
Richard Walkers down town cafe is dog friendly! I do not have a great answer for you, but that one I know!
Fixed: KENNYWOOD OPENS TODAY!!!! #notaeuphamism thanks guys ;)
“It’s important for actors to have a strong and positive social support system in their personal life.”
let us know what you thought. Thanks for supporting and giving us your time
impressive. Spain is on our list of places to visit. Will you be venturing into France or Italy?
L'Enfant, Friday is Ficelle day for you. Get excited!!
The union is crawling in children!!
My husband is assembling a changing table and I'm reading the new Eileen Myles.
Congratulations! Glad she's out in the world and doing well!
“: You can't make somebody love you. You can only stalk them and hope for the best.”<---THIS OMG.
Had a great time listening to Mr. Will play today at ! What a #gorgeous day!
i will believe it when i see you at mcdonald's--- eighth booth in the back...(wait for it...wait for it...) bwahahahahaa! lol!
Im like so glad that #Stelena is back together again<3.
Autoglasslocator.com is getting traffic from ALL over the country! When we dont have shops listed, we get the leads. Want them? 469-202-7148
im up bro . i look up to you
Congrats to your teams. However, in spite of my admiration for Trifecta, I must respectively say, "Go Butler" !!!
My head hurts. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Now is the time to fix the next ten years.
Hit them in the heart.
My orating of the word nigga is at an all time low
We're just 20 followers away from a celebratory book giveaway! Stay tuned..
Dear Youtube, quit censoring our right to share. Unless Metallica is on your board of directors I don't want to hear about it.
Stormie turns 3 tomm. She is such a joy, I am so blessed. I wish that my Dad was still around to see her, maybe he's her guardian angel
I'm on my way to becomng a #sharepoint developer. I have really been enjoying building an analytic system in sharepoint.
that was embarrassing!!
#ChernobylDiaries is trending have said it out loud about 10 times already hahaha
Fuck you, stop bitching, or I will kill you #promisenotathreat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
5.5 magnitude earthquake felt in Mexico City
thanks girl! :)
Shout out to my haters; sorry that you couldn't phase me RS
Might hafta hit the backseat
The Knicks haven't been this good since the "sprewell" days. Plus their doing well without Melo!!!
Cudiff now kyle Williams. These have been two games ruined by two players
Congrats 2 the Ark and A&M girls 4 their wins in the 1st round! ... Can't believe they'll b playing each other. Really wish I could b there!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 6
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
“A women’s like a tea bag You never know how strong she is till she’s in hot warter”
twitter's strategy was to use twitter offline...bringing it to the real world via tweetups, etc.
Hogg : Look to automate the capture of metadata rather than depend on users to create it.
Everyone has an opinion, just be prepared to defend it
haha, 'indy celeb,' you're too funny. =) Good to catch up!
you welcome follow me :)
Eminem Stan is the truth
Im About To Stop Fuckin With These Unfortunate Hoes Nbs
no way really?
Let us know what you think when you do!
Still need Mother's Day dinner reservations for this Sunday? Call 608-819-6319/Email . No minimum party size.
Back at ya Sharry
Let's go jayhawks!!!!
Gingrich: individual mandate was "conservative" back during Hillarycare. Now? Unconstitutional
yup, arrived yesterday :)
You guys going to be in the normal spot in Wynwood tonight with everybody else?
don't look now but the #Pirates are 2 games over .500 AND only 3 games out of 1st place
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
probably. Its just very surprising... I thought she was very... Straight?
to users? no. to marketing? yes.
thanks man, means a lot when people dig in. Appreciate it
is fierce and I love her for standing up for herself, I grew up supporting her I'll continue to do so!
Thanks for the RT!!
#backofbenz what is your shoe of choice for #NYFW February shows?
RT I know sorry • better be !
Congrats to #SportingKC on his engagement. Marriage is an institution. Hopefully a straight jacket won't be required.
Seriously have never been this happy! Defiantly going.to bed with a smile on my face<3
Test b4 the testimony!!!
I am off to Texas to judge a National Beauty pageant for positive pageantry seg for my TV show pic will be up when I get back
Vote early and often Nov 2nd. It's proven to be effective.
S/O to all the single mothers that's doing everything they can to provide for their kids... I SALUTE you!
RT : NM Supreme Court denies appeal of Salinas' terms of release. Unlikely Salinas will be sworn in as mayor before deadline.
I cannot stand group messages.
i love pups!
i lovee the wayy you look when your blazin'.
Stay in Minneapolis.... I dont want you to leave :P :(
Had a great time: I had a fast meeting today with and two incredibly smart, fun, talented women.
you don't live with her or is she in jail?
Turbotax has an incentive for IRS interface to be difficult; they present an easier alternative.Ideally, no need for TT at all
HOLLer --> rt “: Enjoy lunch on us - Lunch in the Mezzanine from 12pm-2pm brought to you by ”
Guy on tour bus who lost his hat:
Business are going to have to change how they service customers that use mobile apps.
We're excited for the #ABQ Beer Drinkers Meet Up today at 3 p.m. See you all there!
Thanks to those who bought tickets to the ADDYs. It'll be a big crowd. Glad the ADDY committee added more bars this year.
I am already sick of the Handgun Carry Law. How can so many places over ride a rule that was voted law?
not Boomer's loud mouth.
I know! And I'm sorry, but I'm pretty sure Dahvie loves tits. And she has tiny ones compared to other girls that were there
last time you said that it wasn't a spider at all!
Whenever someone tells me about a new acquisition, I ask them if they paid the Iron or Gold price. Thx
BP and Bilderberg share a similar roster. Did you know?
Happy Birthday Bob Marley.
One can only hope!
Way to egg'em on matt RT : Interesting that there is very little conversation or engagement on the PDX DMS stream
I want it all.
It was a sunny day, here in SJ.
okay, but actually instant coffee is the worst tasting thing. hold your nose and drink up
All this nice weather also keeps reminding me Stella needs a bath. Maybe this weekend as it's supposed to be really nice.
I thought the only sure things this year were paulino/Chen. I thought paulino was very good last yr.I only worried bout health
you da man! Clutch...bring #11 home to stl ....great individual and team play!
Me & made a nice ass breakfast for my momma :D
// Spanking an aggressive child is like trying to extinguish a fire with gasoline.
Roberto my man how was ur day?? Love you lots<3 hope u follow back <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Ahh Found my Ex's #Yankees Shirt. So wearing it 2morrow ! & Yes I still have his Clothes & his #Yankees Jacket !
Watching High School Musical 3 to see how they handle senior year!
haha so glad I've been meeting so many people lately. the people I thought I knew sure aren't keeping up with what I thought of them at all.
That is the worst. Especially with the price hike. RT I feel wasteful not using my monthly metrocard for the past 4 days
So... There's a line for green frog... Never have I ever
Morning, Chris.
Wow, new pic. You look even hotter! ;)
I'm probably just gonna order a pizza and chill today. Don't feel like going out or seeing anybody
sleep is overrated after 2night, great sets at #Freddys with G$, then sang with The Orbitsuns!!! My adrenaline is flowin to much to sleep
Been spending some time with family in NY until after thanksgiving. U? RT : damn baby where you been at??lol
no lol my eyes got big because I like Oreos
Thanks to for making the honoree gifts last night, they were beautiful!
Hey you. I called you
#PoliceWeek #TriviaTuesday Answer: The P.I.T. Maneuver is what police officers use to spin another car out.
Jump on items that are in the news. The media will be more excited to talk to you if you’re helping with a story they are already doing.
Excited to bring the great stuff from #gradhacker back to Penn. We really need it!
lol there is a group of 11 that still haven't gotten served and they came before us they're
Have you seen your video yet?
.... Follow me maybe? :P retweet me maybe? ^_^ Tweet me maybe ? :) I think i can #BELIEVE ^^ 38
Time to expand into video and get a new camcorder. We're starting to outgrow the Canon 40d's for fashion photography. Time for a sale.
What a turn around from yesterday!
ugh we're heading there laterz i think
Still steadily job-hunting. Expanding the search far and wide. If you know of any communications, writing, editing, or media jobs -- holla!
Good Pilates class tonight at the Church Hall! Everyone worked really hard and well!
Fastbreak teams may be more fun to watch but I hate em, I like limiting possessions (the number of people i know) because I value them more
we'll check it out! peace
Thanks so much Drew! Have a great week!
Thanks for the follow, Hope to learn from what you share
I don't give a damn... if he's secretly a superhero that shit... is outlandish.
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you need a new mattress or some new furniture ~ Mattrezzz Guy
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD?!
thanks for the s/o! Stay on that photo game!
wide awake...*blank stare*
Guys, I'm too hungry to decide what to eat. I don't see this ending well.
Do not let someone who is NO longer in your life continue to RUN your life.
Is it wrong that I want to sink the bus that just drove past with an ad for Battleship?
FUUUCK!!!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> Can't wait to meet right girl instead of wasting my fucking time with the wrong ones!! I need a fucking vacation!
There aren't many places better than the
woo! Do they have the dates for the next year yet?
Youtube..young ju "cross my heart" fire shit
Oh that's what it is! RT : Sounds like the Thunderbirds are buzzing over the Third Ward as they practice for this weekend.
all at the Isles playing the Heads Up Tournament. Stu won, Fish beat Gimbel so far
Just saw Kenny G at the union square farmers market.
of course! Xx
she's better than strock
I've found that having a credit card out and visible is an excellent way to gain their attention.
Quote: "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." Anais Nin
thank you! <3
Glee was awesome last night.. Fave episode :) ps. Watch american idol on wed. My loves audition will be on!!! Yayyyy!
Josh Wolf just tweeted me!!!! ah:D
when guys give you something of theirs. m.
Ready to get off, got 2 1/2 hours left
Have a tremendous time, Nick. And don't forget to bring your Golden Ticket!
I used to like...but now dislike Blink. If you are ever feeling a bit down...listen to some Reel Big Fish...and thank me in the morning.
she cheated on him by kissing another guy i even have a pic
Can you please do your job and talk about TNA, you didn't get to finish it last night and The Rock wasnt so great.
Ha, no. but it is the rebirth of beer.. 12/5/1933 Prohibition was officailly repealed :)
Morneau's gonna play. Let's hope for a safe game and season.
Storm now moving into central Jefferson and Dodge Counties.
I did
material shit is really becoming less and less important to me. try not spending the money you make on yourself for a CHANGE
it sure is :-) hwy 101 goes all the way along the west coast. Its a beautiful road trip route! Especially NorCal/S.OR!
Crew wounds monster...crew continues to attack.
OR OFF RT We'll never get on MT We are cracking down on Green Line Fare evasion w/front door-only boarding C, D, E lines
Waving from Castle Rock, popping in to last half of chat - I will say I've loved your print ads.
lol heard that RT Playing music without theoretical feel is like driving a hot car with ugly hubcaps...no rims
"I know that someday soon the sun is gonna shine and she'll be there" -Paul McCartney .. A great lyricist!
I was actually going to say seventies, but I checked real quick before I tweeted you. Wikipedia says 81!
I wanna dress like 80s Tom Waits.
Remember... just a few drops of Alkalife in a glass of ordinary water raises the pH to a level of 10.
I'm saying.
French people!
i keep my feelings inside & hide it with a smile <3
Tootsies, Don Gatlin Show and Jolly Ollies twice. Busy week ahead:))
Feathers keep poking through my pillow on my chair & stabbing me. Should I hold a grudge against pillows, or against birds? Someone gets it.
What did I forget? 2&1/2 days to student move in and I get to leave on time. Net results: Happy wife and dog. Cats just say "feed us".
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #costume friend...saw you at ILS...nice stuff!
Japan is really glowing...after their victory over the USA
As I sit listening to Secretary Duncan, I am appreciative that education reform is a bipartisan issue.
Loved it. The Events After Which Archie Would Allow Eli To Quit List is my favorite. I had to rewind and pause to read.
Lauren and the DCC are the Best! They appreciate their Followers who respect them! Thanks girls...
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz CLK 280 Cabrio Avantgarde for a new car!
k you can post status's on facebook but not message me back? OK thats cutee too (:
I have become a shopaholic.
So my mom is makin me clean out my drawer from hs schoolwork...
5 at 10: A mega mailbag on Petrino, Masters memories and one-hit wonders
Make lessons of failures. Minimize the tendency to make a failure or mistake anything more than a lesson on how not to do something.
Hi Jameson - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Wow for once a tweet isnt spam. #ryankennedy is a real person and deserves to be trending.
Thanks to Teresa B. for her positive feedback: "Let me just say WOW... Your crew did a damn good job. There’s no other way to say that."
I better see you there! You haven't been by in a while and Steve is in the band now
Praying for my Aunt Dot & family as I just heard of the passing of my Uncle David...He will be greatly missed!
#whatsbeautiful is mom's who find time to workout when balancing work, kids, and life :) Cheers to them!
congrats on the nomination! I was there as a ghost of social media. Herman told everyone to post pics bc of a tweet I sent haha
$1 pbr cans, $2 miller bottles & $3 tail rails. 9pm to close $5 tall smirnoff cocktails, $3.5 bombs any flavor and $1 old mil cans. Cheers
Royals! What a great night.
you are probally right... <\Slope/>
oh fasho man, yeah I'll be in classes and doin football so I'll be here lol
Thanks for being open minded about the idea!
OK. So where did my last post go?
I think scot mcnight's One.Life is one of the best out there for college kids (or soon to be)
is that in response to 's tweet? Also, are you serious?
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
because you love me
happy Friday !
Incredible game ending double play for the rangers
#teamamelia all the way!!!!!!
great dude, just start to doing crazy NEW project. Can you please help me and post one tweet about me and project? i send you
It's nice to have longer days in Europe where the sun doesn't start to set until 9:30 at night. Days seem more productive.
“There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing” – Aristotle
added new updates www.shop.lacomfortzone.com
you give us shoes and we will feed your crew!!!! Enchiladas and Black Bean and Roasted Corn Salsa! para Cinco de Mayo! lol.
thank you for trying us out!
SO FUCKING ANNOYED WITH THE BULLSHIT
He's wearing white today.
Read our latest newsletter and learn more about research in
I wish. It may have been a limited time offer.
fuck you bitch
shit if not this weekend definitely next… You ready to take over this summer ?
Two more days till santa cruz
I heard he was EPICALLY bad. Which is a shame, his brother was awesome (what else is new.)
Anna Sun - Walk The Moon
Food poisoning sucks. I hear you are running the Gorilla Run. We are thinking of coming up for it.
#18conf Brian Samuels is so on target about trauma and children
Do u think I even care cause honstly I can say I don't give a fuck!!!!!!!!!!!
We'd be dancing like the guys in that gif. lets be real.
you know it. I don't drink coffee, so my mood starts out a bit more sour than others.
Or "crystal meth," as some folks read my last tweet. ;)
We would like to make a donation. Who can we speak to?
yes I did. Sry bout the weird tweet, apparently a virus w/in twitter msgs creates accnts to send fake msgs
Don't forget difficult people in our lives help us to grow !
thats a reality show,
oh snap
I don't know how you do what you do.. 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me. Makes sense when I'm with you..
Nothing says pina coladas like Slipknot.
Tornado reported on ground in Jackson (via )
omg #figment is #Epcot?!? I LOVE FIGMENT!!!
FOLLOW THE NEW ICONiac please?:)))
I need to go out. I've been cooped up way to long...on the bright side my baby comes.home tmr. Yyyaayyyyy some entertainment. ;)
had fun tonight. Love my friends
don't we all? Lmao
Burning yourself with a soldering iron isn't as glamorous as it sounds, but the resulting scars are proof you built something...or tried to.
I might just go to kwik trip and buy a lotto ticket
Reports have surfaced that the Knicks are ready to offer Phil Jackson a 4 year 50 million dollar deal to coach in New York.
Wait... I thought Owen WAS the hot redhead.
Hey! ^^ Your selcas are ulzzang! Lol I like your bangs. n.n
Great, another boring radio station owned by a monolith. Just what we need.
ahh have a good time!! happy birthday to your aunt!xx
im bored and hungry and tired. lethal combo.
“: Enjoying life today....#inspired”
except the buzz lightyear part.
Fave moment: Gone With The Wind overture for Carlene's wedding vow renewal was sheer comedic perfection! LOVING this show!
I love Maxwell he's so >>>>>
(girl picks up devil dog)"can you deep throat this?" girl2 "psh i could deep throat a car"
have some jambalaya for me, will ya?
Just hit me up whenever. I got you.
Getting older doesn&#39;t mean looking old
Hanna I haven't talked to you in like forever
I'm progressing on my future , have fun in the present to my opponent.
#coasset sponsors wrapping up. House Ed members explaining their votes likely next.
"Images form themselves in our minds perpetually as if they were reflected in some pool. We gave ourselves up in old times to mythology...
Yay!!! Happy #RSD12, Jen! I am heading out there in a bit :)
the slow blue fox waslked over the boring dog.
shark week.
RIP Goober Lindsey, here's to all your hologram performances to those blind on moonshine.
If you're #unhappy about something, create the change, be the change you want to see.
CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO
Go #MiamiU boys! RT In the most anticipated game of the weekend Polanski's Apostles won big over Team West coast 10-4
#Irene begins lashing East Coast with rain
To follow the House Transportation and Infrastructure Cmte markup of the multi year surface transpo bill use
all my teachers are decent haha.
What painter was hospitalized for a nervous breakdown to complete a Radio City mural?
That's gonna be his summer vacation money after he pays some bills. lol
I wasn't talking bout u.. U have to tweet him for h to tweet back! Just some people go crazy and spam him!!
please hold, ha, ha, ha.
i threw you my jesus piece during the sixth "niggas in paris" tonite! your music helps me through my struggles. thank you!
....no o.o Here, to make up for my rudeness I'll buy you some chop sticks
I think you should reply to me, cause I know that you know that I want you to. (:
Da Mayor: Mookie, [just] always do the right thing. Mookie: That's it??? Da Mayor: Yep, That's it! <It's just that simple
Do you want a free review copy of ETERNAL SPRING (A YA Collection in which my short THE PRINCESS OF EGYPT MUST DIE appears)? pls RT
Omw to church <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Ah the old days...
Excited for tonight. I just wanna these next 5 hours to go by fast. I hate work
mom you yell at me for stupid things
nah you're just popular
“ The better person you become, the better person you will attract...”
omg tell me how it is
Influence: affect that was caused, how a behavior was changed. What is it YOU want to influence? #SocialMediaSuccessSummitt 2012
Has he ever heard of Mike Flanagan? In case anyone is curious: I confirmed w/Jason, he is keeping jersey no.46
knowledgemama: Just cast my #SLA2009 vote for Board of Directors! #SLA tweeps, don't forget to vote!
never trust a nigga that say trust me
feel like death ; twitter make me feel better <3
Going to auto club speedway !!
Participate in "What is Happening to NYS Early Intervention" Awareness Months -- August/September 2011. See URL below for easy to engage i…
save me a slice
!right ?right, carols christmas some for time it's means that .1st november it's
No joke just walked to my gate at the airport and spotted Fabio. Maybe he's in town to shoot can't believe it's not butter campaign? Lol
Don't forget to VOTE today!
once a librarian always a librarian.
Photosynth is the coolest app not counting pinterest
Is this professional or personal curiosity? I will be seeing what our man Werner Herzog has to say about the death penalty.
Whaddup Mark. Just got back from Kumdo practice (Korean fencing)... Hope all is well with you. :-)
oh i do love you very very much.
Follow for being an outstanding human with an open heart.
Fighting the boredom... I have to put down the phone and laptop. Stop tweeting and drinking coffee. Fuck. I need something to do.
no , tha other one phone can't get calls & he ain't textin back
I want a green tea latte :)
congrats on becoming the new wwe champion!!!!
See you soon! RT : Running back to campus for #HoyaRoundtables!
RT 'bout to candy the fuck out of this ginger.
Sick :( but on the bright side I got to see :)
Just got home from work. Was greeted by Chinese take out and 's 2012 Winter Wit (oranges/ginger).
Chapter 1 (Been There, Done That) is a collection<U+200B>s of short story about never-endi<U+200B>ng family reunion stories.
hi can you do all your directioners and follow ?!
she did it again the next morning with her fingernail, I changed it of course and realized what she was up too.
Irsay says #18 will never be worn again, and sheds tears. This is how you leave a team
It's humid af outside. -____-
our favorites are YouTube, LI, Twiiter and good old fashion EMAIL via ConstantContact
yep, thanks.
We're playing Ninja.
At the Salon 7 White (black) party, next Yuri's Night, then Pantyraid @ Wurk. Glad I've been staying in lately.
she is so sweet <33
Alright, it's official. You are the coolest dude in the cosmos.
Isn't that Oklahoma? LOL. I kid. Sort of.
it's ok
poli sci prof/friend of mine pointed out that older voters tend to vote in larger numbers in primary than younger (1/2)
All generalizations are bad. - R.H. Grenier
Why am I up so early? on spring break...
Previous shows available on Itunes
I'm good just relaxing! “: Hey Val! I'm good! How are you, dear?”
goto Maui bro it's da best
Off to the meat raffle! And if we don't win any meat, at least we'll drink some beers. It's a win-win
u prefer 5 pack of Dominican cigarillos or just 2 big cigars?
A thousand people buying an apple a day will keep the grocer in business. One guy buying a million apples every couple of years will not.
Did Thomas just walk into the party covered in pillow pets? Da hell.
When people are indecisive <
Woke up in a great mood ! :)
Huh? New job? That's wonderful--CONGRATS! XD
Speaking my language! RT : Become the things you admire most about others. #YouHaveItToo #TDL #quote via
Intriguing. Breakfast would be a smart move. Thanks!
Mad Men: What happened to the main characters: Mad Men resumes with season five this week after a break of 16 mo..
Hahah, can't a girl quote lyrics?
I dunno. I went to a job solicitation to sell men's shoes at Dillards w/ a resume. Boss was blown away. Got the job immdtly.
Another day of working my fingers to the bone
You can go to school for years but the only things you remember are the things you constantly live and use.
Very much so. And super hungry.
": I'm a big fan of 20 emails that could've easily been done in 1! can I get an amen Leah??"<--Oh 4 sure
Searching the LCNAF and tickled to find authority heading for "Lincoln, Abraham, 1809-1865 (Spirit)"
Thanks so much for the mention! You are awesome!
oh do share what you find! pancakes are a personal fav... cinnamon or pumpkin spice mixed in... drool......
2 projects underway 2day. Migrating a law firm to #Office365 platform & helping an accounting firm leverage a #cloud server for their apps
Why Did iJust Wake Up? >_<
Gold and Silver Pocket Guide — Buying Guide | Post-Americana
And I know that's right
Your so lucky! Wish he followed me! xx
Officially signed up for Illustration Bootcamp with this June! I am stupid excited about this.
Hunter makes up for Hunter. Sus-PENCE-full!
what is ur new business?
I Miss Your Smile ... I just want the night to get here so I can see you again in my dreams...
Good morning<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
oh man, looking down and seeing a bone, agree: nightmare!
yea you know
On his helmet: "You never know what you could get at Goodwill for $5." -
"If that was you Mrs. Chambers, I'd kick your ass."
Did you just spot Scott Wittman in a silent cameo?
"Racist T-baggers" Oxymoron?
Very close - & try
my lady parts exploded the whole time. lolwut
32 days until Believe. ah. time is going by slow.
be sure to check us out while you're in town! Just a short stroll across the patio ;)
Riding Amtrak halfway across the country is great. Would be even better if the lounge car turned into a chillout lounge w/ a DJ afterhours.
uh? whatever. i'm done. byyeeee.
The Avengers was the dopest movie ive seen in a while!
Yay I felt so good during the cross country race today the first time ever I think I improved my time by a min
anybody got a live fight link?
that's a very strong mustache you have there.
no jackets i heard..
RT : Kathy Reich: learning in public = sharing data before final analysis is done
Thanks, Annie! I'm really looking forward to sharing all the excitement!
Listening to Dr Elizabeth King!
There's no such thing as a fair fight...2nd2none
Varmus: grant applications should have a bio sketch that includes most important and significant contributions.
A3: the customer used to be right all of the time, now not so much...the customer is right when they are right
Thanks Dave! I'm looking forward to it
": Hannah Montana movie >" -_____-
“: i thought it was cute! coming to the west coast in two hours thanks kids.” It's superstar summer fab! love it!
Yo this Ture dude is a uncle tom.. have y'all heard of this guy?
own network with my madre:) it's a show about Steven Tyler:)
they better televise this shit
ATTITUDE, AFTER ALL, IS EVERYTHING –Enjoy your Sunday- InSpotter app
Great! I saw the surgeon this morning and he has cleared me to drive again.
Watching the x factor...
I Wish Guys Were More Like #AlexIsATrueGentlemen<3
RT : :) You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. Wayne Gretzky
Was a pleasure to finally meet you!
Obsessed with Anyone who has an apartment (esp. one that is small) should be reading their stuff.
Helena Bonham Carter as my Dead Dad.
She USED to care about the greater good, I think. Not anymore. I just don't like her nor respect her anymore.
Fingers crossed that this week is better than last week.
Yikes, what is even happening in that photo??
you never said when foo
What a beautiful hat. I hope a Wit's End member gets her hands on it
are kicking off the party. Starting to see some old school fans from the Vino's days. Aww yeah.
Thanks for the reply. Not sure that's how the US justice system works.
RT : Influence is defined as the effect that was caused or thing that was changed via at
WHAT KINDA OF PIZZA R U HAVING? :) I HAD TACOS
When are you announcing the winners of the I-POD touches?
Made a new friend. Created a new fan for and My day's looking up....
interesting discussion about journalism and opinion
Hello Copenhagen
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
can unsigned artist post music on your site ?
great rack card, love the colors
I'll be right there. Oh, wait, I'm a 6hr flight away
Foul trouble already in the 1st quarter for Pacers.
Winners want to win. Losers want to lose. This mentality explains why you're a Jets fan!!
Car battery died. Stuck in a Panera Bread parking lot & my sister hits the stage in an hour. Hope I get there. FML.
how's your music going stranger ?
Long hair, definitely. It makes you look like Dave Grohl. What other reason do you need?
“: She's a California dime but it's time for me to quit her ;)” really?
aww babe I already got a rough neck nigga lol maybe you need to look further north. But I can always be your motivation.
LOLOL!!! That must be why it's my favorite!!! :-)
Christian Thompson. Ravens needed depth at safety and got some
not only it's hip and fun, it last more than 14 days
ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT AT THE CAFE 134TH N HALSTED WE FINNA TEAR THE ROOF OFF THE BUILDIN!!
Wait..I think I need to pray again.. My thoughts won't leave my mind...
if the pics look weird i dont care is still love austin:)
What is everyone wearing to BASHH?
Cocaine RT : I need a good vice in my life. Any ideas? Suggestions?
It's kind of ridiculous how much I want to go bowling.
I agree! RT Wasn't expecting to hear #BlownAway but I was Blown Away. What an Awesome song that is.
Aww I love how he can make me happy when I'm mad <U+2764>
I finally got song hook it up as my ringtone when ppl text mhe so ilike texting now because iwould hear hook it up
please shut up.
not that anyone follows me but has a tweet limit
We have green leaf juices! Super healthy & super delish! You should try one...with some lemon & ginger!
#wackytaffy get some
Reason #2 that CIS works: CIS works at all grade levels. CIS effectively addresses risk factors along the #education continuum.
Just added to 2/12/12 reading: Mandy Kahn, who will read poetry & give us a teaser from her collaborative book Collage Culture.
Black Cat Classic Espresso- This syrupy sweet espresso blend has been the staple of our lineup since the very beginning. Supreme balance...
look for the naked ones
I LOVE the new JLA w/ concept! But my ALL-STAR BATMAN Vol1 HC is pissed...& lonely.
Amen, 'Mano. The Muses have been sending that msg all week. Yes. That is vital. Hope to holler at you soon!
Oh my god, I want to get (another) masters in Food Anthropology. For real.
follow back? :)
syphoning cadbury cream eggs to get my fix.
The school board just asked a huge question: what impact will cuts have on students? So, we need to emphasize the impact if TLs r cut!
fair enough. I'm going to test my ability to run from zombies at the 5k obstacle course RUN 4 YOUR LIVES,Boston
FADED FADED
#Listeningto 'If I Ever Feel Better'- #Phoenix on repeat. This song makes me want to do the grapevine in roller-skates!
This stupid tv show of god is getting on ma nuts~
WHAT A KNOCKOUT
i used to be the same way & not need sleep. Now i just chalk it up to old age LOL.
All this snow outside. Wow.
What days in November is Hoopfest?
Only in quiet waters do things mirror themselves undistorted. Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world.
An ad after every post?! Are you serious?!
Magic number range: 1- 10,000. Tweet guess to #wordcampatx. Must be at #blogathonatx to win.
cool!!!!! Did you get any cheesecake?
where's that? Danielle's Gorgeous, USA? ;-)
High radon levels today in Garner and Raleigh (near North Hills). Test your home in November, and we'll donate $15 to the NCPartnership!
Use Your Illusion 1 AND 2!
Bar #6 PM Pub & Grub. They opened early for our group! #st'allis pub crawl 2012
Eating green chile cheese fries and watching the pats play. Ah... Football season. <3
Where the he'll is
“: Feds: Hepatitis C now killing more people than AIDS virus, and most are 45 & older.”
Is your name on itunes gonna be Peyton Sanders or PSanders jw...
Was just typinbg about how I couldn't multi-task. Kids would feel that too.
#instagram. ugh! i keep meaning to post, but so many other people post gr8 pix & im nervous! shoot weapons, yes. camera, not so much
well! Like father like son! ^_^
#immvt can't wait to see what my kite looks like!
No problem! It's the truth :)
well well well look at here
Family guy is to good tonight.. Lol
Laura needs to start doing hickies below shirt lines
Damn!! It's like that..people really be killing me man I swear
Come on. Name one reason why Matt's play led to this loss. Let's hear it.
The hunger games has taken over everyone ....
Awe ok. I haven't been doin much, just tryin 2 hold on n not 2 get told on. Lol, in my mike epps voice. His actual words
You're handsome to me regardless.
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby. The '67 Shelby GT350 and GT500 are two of my favorite cars of all time. The auto industry has lost a titan.
new website looks fabulous, i dig!
As much as I would love to see it, no way the GOP establishment allows Newt to grab the crown.
aww thanks so much abs! (:
lmfaooooo yes! Perfect name :P
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
If your hair is still able to be grabbed, it isn't short. If you can still comb it, it's not short. Unless a razor was used, it's not short
Happy, Happy Jazz Fest! Another beautiful day....
merry christmas from my family to urs. I hope it's a great one for u
not much! How are you doing?
Store with his friend Quinn from Valdez who is now in Fairbanks and plays in the band. I asked if it was Quinn by any chance. It was 2/2
I say stuff I regret often.
You are responsible for your own happiness!
As long as Ruff is behind the bench, Pegula is lying about wanting to win a cup.
Sushi is good for you, Bladow. I believe there are places that serve sushi and Mexican.
The world should be listening to up and coming Brooklyn MC CD is Hip Hop...she is spitting some real things
We have added two more OpenVPN servers in San Francisco - vpn34 and vpn35 , they are available now in your customer area.
Well at least i tried :/
Thanks Harm!!! You coming tonight right?? You better be here!!
Method of use and manufacturing patents and trade secrets viewed as compelling barriers to entry for orphan drug developers
Love love love this- can't wait to see more!
as an experienced fcp user i would caution any mac based editors from using premiere 5.5.2, lots of glitches and headaches...
At a fundraising for an awesome guy I met at a show...fun times.
my picture is awesome.
Why can't you?
lol i love yr tweets today. I can tell it's finals time.
i didn't know anyone actually bought pizza from that place.
i'm trying to get 3000 followers as i have a bet on with my dad, can you be one of the followers? haha, you'll never see this.
That is great to hear! Now you can focus on your crushes, the delivery man & Chipper! lolol
it's a damn shame. I've got 7 months going right now.
Dear sunshine; Please, please, please be here to stay! Regards, Amy.
UM. FROM THE HOUSE OF HUEY!!!! HUEY P. LONG TO HUEY P. NEWTON!!!! WHAT-A-LIFE!!!! BORN IN EARL K. LONG!!!! WOW!!!!
you guys should ya know, tour together
Bailey please follow me !! <U+2764>
This is getting rough!
I felt a little sore throat action today but I'm going to refuse to get sick.
Ah. Football is in the air!
darling... Sleepytime tea n melatonin work wonders ... Loves
Watched the movie "Push" last night. That's two hours of my life (and sleep) I'll never get back.
THANK. YOU ": Happy Mothers day"
you have a lot to say about this game.
Love you, Frankie ;) x
Thanks!! I will def catch you guys at a Brownie game or two this year
#fallon #randyjackson #journey stupid in a great way
and i have so much to tell u!
Epitome of rhetorical competence: "UPS and FedEx are doing just fine. It's the Post Office that's always having problems." We convinced yet?
RT : KOMBUCHA is in da house! Townshends Tea Brew Dr Kombucha is chilled and waiting for you at ECC! Enjoy!
I'm behind like shit
asshole. that is one of the beatles best songs...and the chemical brothers whole career
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
be there soon!
One of the best jokes I've heard on the Lakefront tour: "like my ex-gf, these ball-stopping kegs are no fun to fill."
have a great bday!
I want to go on a ride already!
Love don't come to leave Come to stay........
I use sarcasm instead of punching you in the face, but don't press your luck.
Lol that is true. 1-10. What a joke. But he missed the draft.
Apparently not all guys have balls anymore
RT : Thank you NYU. My Alma Mater is always an inspiration. My #jba medal is also for the school.
R.I.P. MCA #MISSIONCURE4CANCER rest easy
Check out Jay Scheib: World of Wires
Yes, it is.... I just don't get that!
I had to go out of town a few days, something came up. But I'm completely fine, thank you<3
Thanks & #FF to you too, been way too long since last we chatted!
It's a fetish.. that's all.
Thanks for the RT!
Loyalty. Honesty. Trust. Respect. Humility. Sincerity.
Wow. Nice pic. They love them some hoops out in Lawrence. Although there isn't much to cheer about tonight...
They must talk during the day to torture me at night.
Thanks for the shout out on #FF!
Only 6 special performances by du Soleil left - don't be the only visitor not to see it! Come to hall 8b 10:45
Default, "Wasting My Time"
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
A person shouldn't have to wait weeks to find out if his unemployment is denied or not. Its real stressful.
Thinking of going to the this weekend..
Create advocacy strategy 1) Background research 2) Build out network 3) Prepare & motivate network 4) Build out calendar 5) Stay on target
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles. Call us today to learn more!
We can't wait for you to get Tybee-ized!
Shut up with yo stupid self .
Songs follow me around..... Find the words..what is the song telling you?
Just passed Estelle Costanza (Harris) leaving late dinner at Canter's on Fairfax! Heads up, (cc: )
Nah. That's exactly what I'd do any time someone isn't being real with me. I wasn't interested in try to reconcile our views.
The smell of sea is so awesome.
Awesome! Way to end a series, enjoyed the whole 2hrs, can't wait for the season 10 DVD to watch it again
An Abortion... and that hanger is sick...smh
Please, just stop welcoming each of your Twitter followers. Unless you equally warmly greet random dogs pooping in your yard.
is that a true story??
I am in need of a mini-DVI > VGA adapter as well for my 7:30 and 9:00 talks in Chicago if there isn't already one there. /cc
nice dance, liked the Bollywood a lot should have received all 10's
Thank you!!!
Unfortunately no, but planning a visit to the store in Broad Ripple soon to check out all the flavors!
Is really stinkin' *hilarious*
A mans sexual market value skyrockets into his fourties. A womans declines rapidly into her twenties.
": lmfao my cousin a whole flame. she put a picture up of her cryin. ctfu something rong with tht child furreal."
8 minute abs is horrible when you do 5 billion of the same exercise because you realize the computer froze .... Only me, I swear
are you excited for Christmas cause I am SO excited! ;) haha
Watch MomAdvocate on FOX Network Mondays 8:15am; TOY GUN segment this Monday. Did you know 8 kids DIE everyday from gun incidents!
me: "I feel as if I could be a CSI person" you: smile at the sun n try not to let me see you smiling.
- Like Vim now? Just wait until Wayne sneaks onto your computer and changes the font.
"Try and Try until you SUCCEED, We are born to Succeed not to FAIL."
"Take time to look- it is price of success Take time to think- it is a source of power Take
Pretty sure the car wash people killed my battery, jumped it and didn't tell me. Was there 1 hour. Won't be going to Gem Auto Wash again.
I Llol'd on that one hahaha
The original artist was The Monkees, then Smash Mouth covered it and that's what we hear in Shrek :D
Its back to pickin cotton cause you niggas cotton candy
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We get more hate then normal people.
Im reading up on my friend , one pseudonym at a time ;-)
My money's on making it into the Top 10 plays on tonight. We know ESPN have enough replays.
Puts life in perspective.RT : Awesome = seeing a smile on face of Marine, who lost both legs & left hand in Afghanistan in...
Cool! Nice picture too.
,there are no"real"pollsters
Josh Hamilton going to town on the Orioles
living in Miami Coach C has to know it's all about The U
RT : The SoLoMo panel is really good. Room 304.
So the weather man is telling me it's supposed to snow tonight?! Aw, come on.
Don't tell me Matt Stafford's a great young QB.....he's a good Fantasy QB....that doesn't win jack in the real NFL
Mothers day is coming up && I want to get my mommy something !
Exactly. He really hasn't been the same guy he was in 2010.
Reading an excellent book about the life & career of Paul Harvey. Always respected his classy and professional broadcast style.
his back, It happened at his work. He's out the summer or longer.
The ceiling over my desk is leaking. There are a lot of suggestions of "oh how about just stay out at reference all day."
Party plane to Hawaii!!!
Yes sir RT : #TT Chicago edition, a grand town to be Irish in:
Boyfriends shouldn't be looking at your twitter.
Giant fans, get ready to get MURDERED nx wk
“: The worst MISTAKE you can make is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.”
So was definitely the place with the most bar tweets last night. Send us your bar tweets & let us know what's kickin'.
sounds perfect, I must check it out.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary? ~ James M Barrie
that's my biggest problem with iPhone
You won't feel a thing by is me<U+2606>
good to see you last night, keep me posted about the party in June
I was laughing the whole time:)
we're thinking old chicago... work?
Just heard my first Nelly song of the night and it's 1:30???
OH: Inner City vs. Rural, we are all having the same conversation & art is at the core
That's insane! I havent spoken to you in years. How's everything my long lost friend from 7th grade LOL
in this historic messi/ronaldo season it's easy to overlook how good atletico madrid's colombian striker radamel falcao has been.
Only when we direct our action outside the District will we get a 51st star on the American flag. - Mike Panetta, DC Shad Rep.
that's insanely close! I lost to my dad in basketball fantasy in the playoffs :( haha
and it's looking mighty good. David showed it to us on Friday. Great work.
Thank you sir!
Congrats on recent marriage! Getting back into HU again; Up for some friendly nerd bartering (coaching for web consulting)?
TAKEOVER..... Best song ever! My man & I listened: repeat, repeat, repeat, scream...... :-)
Who was that lady on the court @ the lakers & nuggets game. She wanted to reach out & touch a ball player.
Playinf in my ipod Wewww this is so very Fun:))
Saluting all those who played a role in our country's space exploration over past 30 yrs ... #thankyou for all you've done .
Thanks for the follow!!
Another sequence where UK just wanted it more. Didn't result in points but emblematic of the game.
Is there a way to set Wordpress to automatically update on when installed via one-click?
For my 6,000th tweet, I'd like to say thank you #packernation for being more than a hashtag, but a family I can laugh with.
A FEW JOINTS... I GOTTA WRITE SOME SHIT RT : - u got anything u workin on
And you can choose your own music and TV. And work out in minimal clothing :)
Just bought subways for & I! Making the most of the picnic tomorrow! :)
You take the front line when there is danger
Optometrist appointment... :') <U+E056>
to Buffalo Dummy If I put my Size 11 1/2 shoe in that Teabagger Azz Will you sing me a Song! I have friends it's ur Mom!
It's too damn cold out here ya'll. How you northerners do this?
FYI, IDRA's website will be down much of today as we back up before upgrading our web server.
Bravo for the review of Anonymous.
ha well played
What's everyone around here doin tonight!!??.
Wonderful job last night! Big fan of show, seen it twice, friend of Dean S's. Continued success.
grinding away! And thx!!!
How Vinny doesn't like it when people curse.
RT : Love to dance and we love to flirt, ain't afraid of a little dirt. -Lauren Alaina
LMFAO RT : This girl got mad at me cuz she asked me if she could be a model and I was like "Yeah, I could see you in a Target ad.
ok wish me luck on the way to the radio station now
Feels like it's been too long already. I'm ready for an experiment!
Hey Krumrie was most relentless player I've ever seen.
I KNEW it!!
right right growing up as a Carolina fan, I look forward to the day they get caught lol
"coining" the phrase "DAUGHTER OF A BITCH"....cuz im a little mad we only talk about her sons!!!! her daughters ain't shit either!!!
We can develop eLearning in HTML5 so it will run on smartphones or iPads or Tablets :) - thanks for the follow btw :)
welcome home, lady!
life. sucks.
Hey thanks man, we truly appreciate the kind words!
Lmao ewww RT Omg my manager just mopped and the mop stank AF
RT : Sometimes getting what you want is as easy as asking for it. Ask for it! Be bold.
I love the Mario Bros. points sound that you hear repeating in the background after the roar of the crowd!
Ruffles or takis
Blake and gasol FINALLY waking up
Lots of barriers on the street this am. Seems like POTUS must be in town.
your a meanie... Give kisses to the baby for me! <U+E414>
Bar stool open is today. 9th hole is with after party immediately following. Come have a great time
Horror Night at Dean Fronk's class tomorrow. Love it!
": It was great to meet you at the #EdgewoodDC neighborhood cleanup!!" Nice to meet you too!
It seems the person living above me takes two showers per day. Noisy.
Great advice!!
": -------> : When #Pisces dont trust you with their feelings they will appear cold and uninterested #piscesareus"
Slight change in plans. should be in Dublin. Can't imagine he's feeling his best right now though? U out there kev?
favorite glee performance you've ever participated in? biggest pet peeve? dogs or cats? hot or cold? coke or pepsi? <3 love ya!!!
Watch the ACT/SAT Mixtape commercial! youtu.be/uJ3mpjYemhc
Gotta love the barroom coaches in mma.
Advice for capstone students: keep track of articles in a citation management tool. University has EndNote. I loved Mendeley!
Great line up of trucks at Talin for lunch tomorrow
I was amazed at all of the consumer choices in the U.S. when I first studied here. -Healey
OCCUPY THE WORLD WILL SOON BE A REALITY. THE 99% WORLDWIDE ARE READY 2 ENGAGE. INJUSTICE & INEQUALITY DEMANDS FAIRNESS. WAKE UP PEOPLE!
thats your name right
She is something!
And the tickets my boss gave me to the golf tournament on Saturday aren't helping it get here any quicker.
4.8 Release looks awesome!!! It's such a pleasure and an honor to work with such an amazing group of people!!! GoingOn Dev Team Rocks!!!
life is what you make it, so go through the right path.
Getting 4 hrs of sleep before i go to the DMV. Woo.
Why is there a little snowflake on tomorrow's weather forecast?
it's where some guy fucks all these girls who wanna be porn stars but never calls them back haha
good morning to you as well. thank you.
Hey, any other librarians in #OCL4Ed ? Great potential for transformation in academic & school libraries
Just remembered it good friday
Tonight @ Acoustic Explosion Robert Druker, Dan Holohan, Simeon Peebler, Peter Z, Joe Weins are performing. Come join them!
True story bro!! (:
Happy Friday! :)
this they last yr even being a relevant team.. & Kobe need 2 go sit down Jason Kidd old ass havin a better season than him
Thank you bro. Looking forward to the Future!! RT Much respect to my boy part of
#ThunderUp !!! Let's close this one out
XPS 8300 or 9000 - save me some money, I get to stick with FL and all my software and get a better bang for my buck...
Thank You! RT : - best cheese and wine bar EVER. Need to go back to Miami, just to visit Kork!!
Big shout to & for showcasing Dell's social media center@ Hilton 4th floor. Go visit
all i have is popcorn
Headed out to American Indian MMA championships @ Casino Hollywood. Follow for live fight updates.
Glad you enjoyed it. Thanks for the follow.
where are you heading?
What do you think of Gov. Scott's budget?
nice. Knowing who enters the MsNBC building is more important than knowing that American elections are legit...
I wish my haters nothing but the best
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
four shots at a major in a year. I'll take an entire season of excellence or 3. Both did that
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho They dont like being in public with!
Tired....need some sleep. Got a new yard project to start.
"I just need someone new to take away all this old pain." <3
- because that's where I am. Pay attention. Don't fuck up my coffee.
but great massages!
"Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity."
I love you too!
Thanks for the kind words Volcom East. I'm digging your blog. Can you recommend a surf camp in NJ?
NATHAN are you coming to Conant High School!? For real!?
i think i need a parka.
I love you too. What a wonderful Christmas.
Jason & Chris spent last weekend together in the Bay Area. Tim McGraw Concert, Stanford Visit , Night Club Fun and San Francisco Food.
Late nights, early mornings: Doreen says "parents are not giving up this fight"
Hey Hon and how are you???????How was your weekend????
Jireh Mobile is proud to announce we are now partnering with the August Wilson Center for African American Culture. To find out about The …
Getting new sneakers
it's the first day of school for the munchkins! Finally.
Thanks so much for the tips! I'll report back post-trip.
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Will you let me be your future ex bf?
Q: What's wrong w/ men?? A: Nothing and everything.
It's going to be a beautiful outside.
Yep, but may have to go in and change a few things b/c of latest developments.
I'm already CRAZY that #FKM sequestered people without cell phones. I understand FOCUS...but that's too much.
Just bid on a Autographed ball at Busch Stadium... Hope I win!
lol they dont know this girl Dime!
Dang, U have small feet.
I thought the same thing!! lol
Can't find my favorite chick flick
you must text me
MT : Any followers in the L.A. area? We've got some #PremiereLeague tickets we'll be giving way on Wednesday.
Black Thunder is Back! For more Late night Craving!
Thanks Bob, I appreciate it!
Staff are working on a new exhibit to launch this FALL. Look for sneak peaks in the following weeks.
OK, Florida vs Alaska..I'd give up alligators, snakes, & cockroaches for bears, wolves, snow drifts, and the Iditarod...Hm
Just a quick hello. Missing my twitter friends while I'm deep in the dissertation cocoon. See you all when I emerge in a couple of weeks...
The power out doesn't help me being lazy lol
After majorly cutting my sugar intake I can't handle eating a whole cupcake. #sadbutitsagoodthingright?
is there a problem with the link? I can't see Kathe's article on the page you listed.
Thank you for all the support, the last days of the Farm are approaching...so come by and say Hello a few more times before we close.
I ain't got nothing to say
I have a problem... I enjoy the song cake a little too much... always gets my mouth salivating, m I logvar
your so ugly even your imaginary friends don't want to hang out with you.
#RealLoveIsWhen u love someone for who they are and don't listen to what the haters say
Insightful analysis from my 4 year-old, "Number 6 sure does a lot of acting." #nbaplayoffs #heat #knicks :)
We are still at least not losing!
“Children are made readers on the laps of their parents.” - Emilie Buchwald
maybe 'Self Doubt and Syphilis' should be the album title. Interesting graphics would surely ensue....
let's get you some vegan chocolate.
Hey, or , do you know the URL for GSA's comprehensive list of Fed Twitter feeds? Thx! (or , one supposes?)
Took soo many fuckin' pictures last night..
RT Congrats to Ross Paule and for inducting another player into the Creighton hall of fame.
You know what's not a good pick up line? "truth or dare?" happy birthday !!!!!
We missed registration, but still want to ride. Happy to donate the $25 even without t-shirt. This ok?
“: I wish women were turned on by my Words with Friends skills.” Reminds me of
RT : FACT: Despite producing up to 80% of the food in Africa, women own only 1% of the agricultural land.
San Diego has its own vodka? I guess I better check out soon.
That crafty whore christmas eve actually found me!!
Russ Parr morning show rocking this morning!!!!
It's going to look great- don't worry!
..let the clock run out on their pick? and then pick tomorrow instead???
Going by the amount of beer I consume I think I'm technically a vegan
Vince Guaraldi's "A Charlie Brown Christmas" rocks. Warm fuzzy piano tones recorded analog. Yes!
saturdays are for activities
I'm planning on homemade scratch-off tickets. Not sure what they're scratching for, but nevertheless.
I'M FOLLOWING YOU AND FAMOUS PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's days like today that I kind of miss DC. Pretty sweet seeing Discovery Shuttle fly over!
Is this comment in the wake of the AO Scott Avengers review?
Miley Runs The World :) <U+2665>
Ok cool
is #postdesktop going to be archived/available somewhere?
we don't have any ears for the winnie the pooh characters, only stuffed animals of piglet :(
Someone please tell Merril Hodge that a double Windsor knot needn't be tied wider than one's brain pan.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when guys can't take a hint.
If you're in #nyc, I'm at Smoke Jazz Club tonight with two more sets to go - 9pm and 10:30pm. Come on by!
the lucky one was so good. probably the best movie i've ever watched
yep. He sure is. Yet he's really really skinny. Like me, I guess we do have stuff in common! :)
might be preferable for some non-literal reasons, but no literal problem with placement of fucking. eh, see what i did there?
Okay, you get an IOU for the next one, David.
So much for sleeping early
Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid. Salvador Dali
whatching peter pan! i love this movie, i love peter pan! <3 :D
Buying me a beer goes a long way.
RT Today : You say "Ryan Newman" and we say "Free Bloomin' Onion"
Pot lock Monday? Hmm... Well I don't know about you but i'm bring juice boxes and bitches! :D cause bitches love juice boxes lol jk no :p
Holy Shit 2012 is around the corner- I think I just sharted! lol
would die @ what 103.3 is playing tonight, all house music!
Q&A: panel discussing idea that ppl in countries that trust in their gov'ts more are more likely to be willing to share more data.
Gym gym gym gym
its #official you are not wrapped tight LMAO! I just spit out my food laughing at your tweet!
If God did it for me...He'll definitely do it for you:)
The Clinic is filling up quickly, if you haven't gotten your registration, better do it quick.
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.8278
When you go feeling amazing, to feeling shit.
Hoping were just doin the Rocky Balboa 'getting mad' thing those first 2 and will come out like lunatics in the 3rd
Something tells me you're not in Manhattan...
didn't get the message
The Catholic Church conducts their own private investigations of sexual abuse. No outisde interference
Sunday morning. I have grandpa's 90th birthday to attend. No game for me.
"All Day" I think of u!!
I Hate Wen Ugly Females Think They Cute ... Its Hilarious!!.
My roommate keeps sticking buds of weed in my face to smell, and it is making my damn eyes cross.
I want some chocolate. Sean send me an email at and I will hook u up :)
My GrandMother makes the best italian pasta. Her Mother (great grandmom) came from Italy or Italia if you would call it.
That was probably the nicest thing you've ever said to me,lol. Thanks!
Well, at least the Dodgers won.....
Over under on #FCD missing this PK?
I love it, #TeamHealthy!!! Now, I can continue to be motivated, stay up!
What should I wear today?
OH LORD WE WANT TO LIVE UNDERGROUND IN SECRET WITH YOU IN YOUR CAVE
finally going home
You only live once, but if you live right, once is enough.
and so is ya bitch!
we've got half off bottles of wine to warm you up....or we can deliver food to you, but then you miss out on the wine!
Patrick met up with them too- I fell asleep too early and missed the hang time - bummed!
Are you going to be in Denver on 5/18?
Niggas are fool if shit ugh... Always getting attitudes for no reason... Damn should be happy someone wanna talk to ur ass
Churros are a fried dough pastry sprinkled with brown sugar and cinnamon and then filled with "cajeta" to be exact. ;)
So far old news. The first guy is explaining Facebook and twitter.
hell yeah!
All week long we will be donating 10 cents an order to the Riley's Hospital for Children. Every order counts!
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!! Your Amazing
Damn its been a min since I have tweeted consistently .. well the wait is not over lol.. the internet is turnt down
RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou , i still like you. i still need you. I'm just tired of trying.
Mitt. What some of us want is for you to acknowledge that you couldn’t have made it in America without America.
Eating at Connie's pizza near Komisky w my family, per Chicago area tradition, and a #MLB legend is eating at the next table. Awesome.
We hear Gmail is down for some (including some of us). Time for a coffee break?
Can any1 tell me why is Mister Gaga trending?
Kudos for celebrating #EarthDay with a campus cleanup!
How's John Miles throwing this season?
you do pretty good actually
It's a free thing nation wide...
Congrats on your first PGA Tour victory!
Sweet swisher swishing swashin
5miles N Round Lake [Nobles Co, MN] broadcast media reports TORNADO at 02:28Tornado touchdown 5 miles north of Round Lake, MN.
New York
I enjoy virtual #coffee w/awesome peeps
Lml, You Gone Call Me M Now?
Wow, your really mean dear. Is real... That's messed up.
good night <U+E418> <U+E32A>
I continue to be impressed with the elegant simplicity and rock-solid functionality of DropBox. They Got It Right.
still that bad? Yeesh.
Hi Terra!
"Every single storyline has already been written. It's the people you're meeting." - I do love her characterization.
Tried to consolidate univ's many Apple/iOS accounts today; instead, somehow I created yet another account & changed my last name twice. FML.
Random fact: Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift away from each other. #sweetdreams :)
On 11/16, Our Hero scored 7 pts, six rebs and four asts v. North Dakota. He might've had a triple double if only THE GAME WAS TWICE AS LONG.
SLEEPOVER WIT MY MAIN GURL
hahaha proof reading skills are lacking right now
haha I went on your page and realized I already like it. I'm on top of my game :)
Excited for tonight! Love my friends vanessa,averi,jane,alex,alliya! <3
Tom Cruise looked younger than when he did Top Gun. What gives?
spent all afternoon looking for apartments. Trying to get back on a healthy lifestyle before the move!
good luck honey !
really crap. Heard of any save SGU campaines?
But yeah we said we would last time and then i got a job and point is im broke and jobless now but can hang out! :D haha
Want sushi.... now
maybe ill just make both.
but that's the thing they need to make mone. Roy said they need money. I'm angry as well.
What was the saddest moment you experienced on your travels?
Damn right...
So I drop into one show 1000 miles from Nashville, and the drummer is one of the dudes from the Small. World.
just say it i want the steelers to win lol
I wonder what & have to say about the idea that Muslims don't support gay marriage?
that's what you get for trying to impersonate Kristen Stewart :-p
Government claims it has already turned over evidence requested by defense lawyers or it doesn't exist in Mohamud case
I'd be better off trading my right nut. That one works better
Nice! I used that camera once on a short and it looked gorgeous.
Our Golden puppy, Derby shredded UPS package. Papers from Schwab. Not sure if he's long or short the market?
Only accepting credit cards and Groupons today at the burger bar, but still making delicious burgers! Grab one today!
We were in different studios all weekend getting some awesome sounds for the record! Guitars and Drums are done!
Too bad if it's not paid by Friday she loses all her classes - which will totally be her fault, no theirs. FRUSTRATED.
Working on #imprinted calendar magnet project for #realestate office www.BNoticed.com
When you text your crush and the text bad with a :) haha. Life made!
Caught my first peek at Downtown Abby. Was wondering where were the vampires, werewolves, serial killers, dragons, and meth cooks. Not 4 me.
Hire Quality EmployeesGet the Security Personnel You WantWhen You Need Them!www.bodyguardnation.com
Join the club! Hahaha... Thank you!
Adam trusted a female n got kicked out the garden. Samson trusted a female and lost his strength! See even the bible says Dnt trust em
Are u coming over today?
Making my own humor to being sick
Happy St Paddy's!
HAY MADISON I JUST DMD YOU , AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT DM ME BACK. lol that didn't turn out right
special shout out to Rick Sick Das
9 am SESSION: "Waste Reduction / Best Practices" presented by Ray Prince in Room B117
I'm no gate keeper, get after it
Lol omg right?
finalizing clues and sites for the race; getting more and more excited every day! Can't wait to see who wins The Amazing Milwaukee Race.
Hey everyone. How is your morning going so far? Mine is going GREAT!
You would shut it down
Thank you Teachers for coming! ItsAWrapTruck is serving great food. Gonna be a fun night.
Just learned about denouement, it's an ending that isn't 'happy' but it loosens the knot in a story and gives you a little rest....xo
Matt: belated thanks for thinking of me for the 10/30 Sports Sunday feature on retribution. Nice piece; always happy to help.
Fan Page Friday: Share your business fan page with us today! We'll stop by & like it!
This year, Foo was successfully Fought at The Grammy's.
Thanks, !! We'll try to make sure the wait's not too long. /cc
No make up for the rest of the year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
What do you know about time ?
it will be late...maybe 11:30? #it'sthethoughtthatcoumts
Same here! It sounded lame at first, but now it looks more & more like a blockbuster
I miss my boyfriend.. can't wait until you come home! <3
Spent the day playing a conflicted divorcee on a new TV Pilot.
I didn't want you to think I was a weirdo haha and one point we were right close squashed against each other haha
Scorcese drinking game!
It's a beautiful, sunny morning in Canton! Happy Monday, everyone! (Tweeting from the outdoor "home office.")
Thank you :)
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Pretty Little Liars
Nom Nom Nom... Send them by express mail and you'll be my hero!
Yes, the very old adage is, the more you help others get what they desire the more you will get what you desire
This week final edit stages for The Healing Room... 1st Quarter here we come!!!!
thanks for having awesome tees!
Round two ..me and the Fam getting turned up
Shout out 2 our amazing supporters(2 of 2)
When can I hear it?
Galatians 5:1 Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free,and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
In case we don’t say it enough, we love working with each month for Tamale Thursdays! Thanks for your support.
Just voted for like 20 times!!<3 I hope he gets chosen that would mean the world to him and us mahomies.
for this last text im unfollowing u hoe!
HA HA HAHA !!! YO BITCH THAT ACTION
lol but I'm coming anyway....
RT : I love me some m Cali mist!- uou have superb taste sir. Next time may I suggest the albuchronic?#guacamole 2!
Brillz. So looking forward.
Hell of a night
IM 003 HUNGRY UGH N ALL THE VENDING MACHINCES EMPTY EXCEPT N THE VOCATIONL BUILDING N I DNT FILL LIKE WALKING ALL THE WAY N THERE TUMMY HURT
Big up Lawd! Forward movement!
I didn't eat them yet. <U+2299>_<U+2299>
congrats to your sister And your family. Inshallah the best. #mantheygrowupfast. I remember when she was a kid.
follow e
Next thing i wanna say is Seabass needs to pull his head out is ass and remember why he is the highest paid kicker in the league.
Thank you! :)
in New York; making his recording debut was trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie.
Follow me and I will follow u back
Before I die, I want to champagne shower a huge ass party. like 100+ people
Italian wedding & Beef Barley Soup off the stove in 10minutes!!
Our deepest condolences go out to our co-owner whose grandmother passed away today. Please pray for him & the family <3 Dustin
hi... yes i have a twitter.
what is the Bitch language consist of? :)
I was so scared! :P
tell mama Willis Mal said happy mothers day!
Thanks for your cheers! RT Getting ready to pitch MSNBC biz producer.
loud motorcycles are like oversized trucks or people who talk too loud in restaurants - overcompensating. Too bad we have to sffr
Does anyone know what's better between Botox and collagen? Groupon has a thing for collagen for $150 and Botox is about the same.
Watched Coco and Ice-T reality show and I too want a bigger house!
Cockles and mussels. Or lobsters, whatevs. Http://yfrog.com/htahifj
Shape Like An 8 Face Like A Dime..
Our office loved your whoopie pies yesterday! Thanks for following and for making a fabulous treat!
Along with everything else, Dai Due can really cook some eggs.
Tune into NFL Network right now for "NET10 Arena Football Friday!" New Orleans leads Jacksonville, 21-14, late in the second.
too much credit given because of expectations driven from the time we'd b chillin, so I can't make u a villian...ur just part of the million
working on some book illustrations tonight....due to the publisher tomorrow! time to burn the midnight oil.
I'd never heard of but if they're like the and my stuff isn't safe, I sure wouldn't stay there. Screw that!
You're really cruel.
..follow me back homie
McCormick and Schmidt
Unu Lowe mi n mi country talk nuh cho
Good night twitter! :)
word u down for some tacos an fries
come on dj plzz be in the haunted house
MT Walko: capture original condition of item. Otherwise how 2 know later what's happened.| Glad to read notes from John's pres!
modeling practice...
One more follower until I reach 400! At this rate, I'll be in uh, 52,000 years...
...I didn't take that video, but ya.
Very understandable. I'd love to get them to switch to us as we are a lot easier.
Nice! They have quite the menu again this time.
bong rips <33
I suggest #FF Get great legal info 24/7. On FB also. www.waynewright.com
3 DAY WEEKEND:))
Getting ready to head to that AA game. Who gone be in the building?
Eating an amazing dinner at Legal Seafood in RI - I forgot how good the seafood was here.
Goodmorning twitter ! how's everybody doing ??
new videos??
I had to take 2 asprins after getting through half the chorus. No shit.
#dirtyhoes will suck a nigga dick & then try & smoke up yo joint without brushing 1st.
We're thrilled to announce that we are ready to host events in Miami Circle! The beautiful park in Brickell, rich with historical backgroud
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!! I HOPE YOU HAVE AN AMAZING DAY=) I LOVE YOU<3
Uncrumples tweet about substituting team at halftime.
any time, and every game, #Skc for life!
You're crazy ! Do you play softball or something ?
Soon I will show you how a heart can never fail, never change. I'll never change.
why do you tan I mean according to JEALOUS people your fake.... Personally I think you look sexy guuurl :*
People annoy me-_-
i'll probably be sick that entire weekend..........
How about those GMEN!? What a game!
“: Believe in yourself. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>” i believe I'n u
Jersey shore ! (:
Congrats to and everyone involved in for their accolades from !
congrats to my girlfriend for graduating <3
happy 17th birthday my love:) hope you have an amazing day and enjoy your grandmas cake;)
My obsession with Crazy Train is growing
chatting with bot
Really craving a Caramel Frappe from McDonalds right now <3 :p
Don't change the destination, change the speed with which you get there with text marketing. www.zesmo.com
awesome!!! Well deserved sir!! Much love and respect!!
Skincare Market Inc. Has the New iS Clinical Active Serum in a Professional Size and a Normal Size for the Lowest Price Nationwide Guar...
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back. That's real glory. That's the essence of it. -Vince Lombardi
I want to date a guy who's taller than me has brown or blonde hair , blue, hazel, or brown eyes, someone who's smart, protective & strong
oh, WC4 my dude
that's from Dave Z / Susie's lair
#GhettoEasterBasketItems a fridge-pack of Mr.Pibb
Huntsman on banks: "If you're too big to fail, you're too big."
so true! Isn't life just like that? Why must it be this way?! ;) haha
time is flying by to quick...I barely got any chill time before work...
because you are friends with me now. I'm kind of a medium sized deal.
@ bout to cop that posche thang real soon
i miss you too, mandy!
I'm gonna do it!!! Thanks for the encouragement sweetie :)
CURRY TIME!
wel you really do need one
Sometimes things just aren't what they seem.
dude were you wearing two watches on the Ten O-Clock News? Nice peace on Girls NCAA B-Ball at SaveMart Center.
This Penn State thing really makes me sick. A number of adult MEN knew about this fucking monster and did little more than shrug it off
Strange clouds make it normal - strange is the normal -is this tweet strange? No! Its normal
shit i cant call it finishin up wit skool u kno were u at now
Time to figure out what NFL games coincide with my fall break.
facebook is definately not working as expected...
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Mushroom and Lentil. Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
exactly. I don't understand why GB would even have in interest for him. We have a great FB and plenty of TE's He fits nowhere
#libs4jobs Your stories about the impact of your library are like duct tape...they stick.
word good to see you bud.
RT ": if " fuck " wasn't a word, i would have a hard time expressing myself."
Your reward for traveling for work is poles of work waiting for you when you get home. Oh, work, you're such a sly thing.
Whn ppl tell jokes,Im alwys the last 1 to laugh.Not bc I dont get them,but bc I dont find them funny.Ever.Do I rly not hve a sense of humor?
I love chocolate so much, that one time I ate an EX LAX bar. I didn't have a real chocolate bar. Barely made it to bathroom, never again.
Ready for some MNF! GO BEARS!!!!
Thank you ! We offer thanks to you as well and appreciate the well wishes. Have a great day!
Flight, always, over every other super power.
i called you back
It's Christopher :p
I swear I could eat chick-fil-a EVERY day.
Ha! RT A9. Russel Brand so I can punch myself in the face over and over again.
Please do this!
only the overachieving engineers would know the answer to that
thank you Miss #DeansList , I was making a point
that's nice... where is he from?
lollol so true
Get in the Mixx
: don't "do" social media. Weave it into everything you do. It isn't meaningful if it is on a "to do" list.
Just remember: behind every mother, was your father.
#NowPlaying Love U Betta - Neon Hitch
Surprise! the MacGruber movie is hilarious for real. Kristen Wiig is still the hot business too
lol she got my ass.
where yall at
nice! What Cirque show?
oh. mercy. lol
You just learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
#1ofmyflaws I trust people to much
Bout to drop our new E.P "Timbuktu"!!
Make something cool. Know that you will!
got it
The world is a better place cause, I'm in it. Real tlk
oh you just made a deal son! :-)
Wishing I'd bid more than $119 million for The Scream.
Bet... RT": what it do fam come c ya boy at the spot tomorrow #velvetroom"
Is your "balance" tweet a metaphor for the situation our national budget is in? ;) Sorry, listenin' gets me poetic-ish
Can you country square dance for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
"No, sir. We don't carry salt, because all of our products are already pre-salted for optimal flavor and health."
haha! That's not the first time you've seen unintended words in my #hashtags You must be killer at scrabble :)
hahaha I wouldn't doubt it
Gov. Kaine VA signed leg for "choose Life" license plates. How about "a woman's right" or "choice?" Let's do it.
$6 million Watertown Schools Ref passes 3,195 to 3,067 to repair roofs at high school and middle school and do upgrades at middle school
Terrific free preparedness fair in Scripps Ranch this Sat, Oct 16. Wildfire survivors share valuable tips. Learn more: www.scrippsranch.org
Music is the key to his/her heart. Put a playlist together of romantic instrumentals - set the mood w/o distracting.
41 degrees in nyc feels like the back of a meat truck. FMAO.
Big weekend!
how rude
Tom brady is hott. Loll
oh definitely. ;D
Harsh calvin, harsh
If your focused on yesterday your gonna miss tomorrow.
Ignore the response in the calendar I will be at the gardens thursday see ya then
“: Expensive gear is like a painter putting gold leaf in his yellow palette” nice analogy, I'll think about this b4 my next purchase
I WISH I WAS FUCKING THERE.
I just want it to be next Friday -.-
Clean save for Axford
Let's Go Jeter!!!!
But I don't wanna get out of bed yet.
This wk only my novel "Winter is Past" is free on Smashwords. Book club questions included.
Contemplating whether killing you now or letting u live the rest of ur life in denial/disappointment is more enjoyable me.
they do :) they've worked so hard for it
I need a good DJ for July 7th, for a wedding. DM prices. It's urgent.
Living on a golf course with dogs can be highly entertaining
Cant wait until summer.
aight ha Sonias phone just needs to hurry TF up and charge cause it died:p
getting off twitter, hitup my hotline.
Yeah I think it was the Movie The Change UP during #BB13 and didnt even tell you who starring it , Cmon if you dont we wont see it
there will be dozens of unhappy new students. DOZENS
Enjoying a tofu and vegan sausage scrambler with coffee and fresh squeezed apple, carrot, celery, and cantaloupe juice. Working out in a few
is that chocolate cup cakes ? ?
I hope everyone is taking part is Campus Sustainability Day today! It's happening all over campus in an epic way!
I hate dumb dudes man they never get what I'm saying and lord knows I hate reiterating myself .
Sounds like they are just beginning to sort it out. Here's hoping they prioritize student experience, not just a courses portal.
He removes the greatest ornament of friendship, who takes away from it respect.
she probably thought it would make for a good movie
I hate going to the doctors but it's that time
dark knight rises!! Cant wait
#HappyBirthdayEdge and #ThankYou , we love and we miss you! no one will be like you! there's only one Rated R Superstar, and that's you!
How's everyone doing today?
Good morning all! Wonderfully cloudy & cool this morning! I'm sure it won't last, but I'll enjoy it for now.
": I love everybody in case ull neva see me again" don't talk like that!!
- So glad you liked it. I am excited about the album. I will also be seeing your show at the #HotelCafe on the 1st! :-)
Those days you really want to look your best but feel like you've never been uglier
Just dug a driveway now will rest and then off to Paley library tomorrow
where is smash?
RT Now I've lost all respect for 2012 catalog actually refers to the Civil War as "The War Between the States."
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
love u too
Ready to mail your #TallyCardz.... Who needs to order one?
agree re:code problem solving often necessitates a deeper understanding of the problem, not more time writing the solution
Ha! That's awesome!
Free coffee and lemonade at the library today through Thursday (8:30am-6pm) to get your energy up at the end of the semester!
Hilarious RT : "Unattended Children will be given a sugary cupcake & espresso". Best retail store sign EVER.
I know! Can't believe this semester is almost over! RT : Last day of class at Time zooms.
HOW DOES MY DAD NOT LIKE SLEEPING WITH SIRENS. MY GOD
Yep! McGehee homered to tie it in 8th. Yuni homered to tie it in the 13th. Prince walked off in the 14th.
Accidentally unfollowed a lot of people, bands, & companies we didn't mean to! Tried to loose all the spam we've been getting! :/
I love the way you smile ! <3 :)
Nah, that's what life jackets are for.
Heading to Indy for Bob and Tom tomorrow Z
Just got the best message from a friend about a stolen birthday present. :)
EXCELLENT. I'm heading to the Creative Music Guild show at Revival Drum Shop. Maybe you can join or we could hang after?
My morning alert is trading +73%! Congrats to my members that got in
Just taught my Dad how to text. lol
love that hash tag! #AustinIsOurNoah <3
Hoping I can hold in my laughter tomorrow if Mr. Gamble once again gets mad at certain people....ya feel me ?? Lol
Lawana Blackwell~ Outings are so much more fun when we can savor them through the childrens eyes.
I just saw ur dead flowers and new new new video. U got a new fan bro. Shits too sick.
Has anyone gotten their tickets for the upcoming tour? If not, go get it!
next time you come into roanoke we need to make sure we can see emily cause all this bull shit is keeping us from seeing her
string quartet: a good violinist, a bad violinist, an ex-violinist, & one who hates violinists, coming together to complain about composers
Pull the tapeworm out of your ass...
It's because of criminal minds & SVU that I'm petrified when I'm alone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
this time tomorrow, it will be this time today.
Yum. I wish it were grilling season. Broiled fish is great, too, though.
well that was weird
thanks for following me (:
it's not twitter appropriate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Does whataburger think were are that asgressiive?
Speaking of Fairness: North Carolinans, please don't forget to vote NO on #Amendment1 today!
Are you trying to fatten him up and then stuff him in an oven?
Who are these Chargers you speak of?
Quit being annoying as shit please.
oh lol well does she follow u yet?
RT : that tweet was for you & <3 #pride #whitepower hell yeah !
I'm inlove with a girl who is out of this world:)
#Nick Carr discussed how today, we take the electric utility systems for granted. But, this was a radical shift years ago for corporations.
Favorite "get you pumped up" song - ready? Go!
Starting to put together a new show for our big summer tour...what songs do you guys want to hear (no obscure unrecorded stuff)?
If u take a look @ NFL teams heading into the playoffs this year, what team do u NOT want to c? I'm saying the Eagles!
I'm with you, sister. You are strong. You are beautiful. You have my prayers.
They're wonderful readings! Thanks for sharing them with us, Chad.
But really really i dont give a F U C K.
Have you been denied access to a public place with your service animal? Email us your story and what the outcome was.
Paralegal Knowledge Institute online seeks instructors for courses. Team teach. Pays teaching stipend.
tonight for ! Saw them back in '06 and tonight should prove to be nothing short of EPIC!
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to. Parker, Dorothy
it's official. I'm retarded! haha
Totally agree with that -- your first time at anything is awkward... second time = epic! ;-)
Thanks, Anthony! xo
Happy Mothers Day!!! Love you<3
B. Riley &amp; Co. Acts as Sole Book-Runner in $11 Million Underwritten Public Offering for Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
Maybe, thanks. I'm not big with twitter. I'll look for it. You can email me too
Planning on visiting the Zoo? FONZ members park free! That’s $22 in your pocket for every day you spend here!
Bring lunch and flowers to the maternity ward. Really impress him with flowers for everyone on her floor.
it always counts ;-)
Drum Call w/ Whit Whitten will set off the event. UVa African Music and Dance Ensemble will perform Haitian-related Ewe music.
heyy Riley I'm in school andl I'm so bored you should tweet me;)
RT Churro sale in Bolton hallway, Monday at 11 am - until supplies run out
Headed over to 's house ti load up the gear and take it to the studio. Pumped about what we're laying down tonight. -dg
thanks for the shout out!
i saw we lower the hoop for derrick rose
Lol what else is this episode about XD
Hey thanks a lot!!
RSVP: Pantheon Agency
fuck is on ya biscuit ?
Missed you Sunday Bishop. " I have the power for Success!"
yes please!!
is this related to Big Flats, or just a general statement?
Still moving though. Those downtown lofts are dope.
No. Didn't know about the place. Maybe next time.
This is such a fucked up world.
Moved up to 22? Who's there that we need? Please no more Tebow talk. Don't get me wrong. He's a heck of a kid, but what do we need with him?
signs of spring at the Rouge: 45 degrees, sunny and our bees are active and taking "cleansing" flights all around the hives today.
is one of my favorite comedians. No doubt.
Dolphins out of Peyton Manning race. Manning will pick Broncos and Titans via Bill Polian ESPN. Dolphins expected to sign Matt Flynn.
I mean, we just coolin on a Sunday Can’t wait to ball out on Monday
Dance In The Dark
I'm going to miss some people and I'm upset I'm not getting rid of some of the people I dot like but hey it's life .
QoTD: "The difference between where you are and where you want to be is your commitment to getting there." (Michael Clapier)
Tough times don't last... Tough bitches do!!!
Why is my bestfriend so sexy doe. ;D LOL. Hi dork.
We have this special every Tuesday so maybe you can make next week!
Distinct muscarinic acetylcholine receptor subtypes mediate pre- and ... - 7thSpace Interactive (press release)
Mel Torme, baby.
School's almost out, and LDCM is open until 5 p.m. every day! See you soon ...
People who unfollow are such bitch's.
No TxT back smh....
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. R.W. Emerson ... how many experiments have you made today?
Is that what "rogue capitalism" means? Seriously - Im asking. :>
nakama has a decent valet services well
If you love your pet we're working on an investigation you'll want to see tonight at 5.
Tweet Me the link
lets do it
you won't start the night off w some skyy...
Its a beautiful Fri morning & I'm in love with a wonderful man
Does Micheal Vick want to be put in a plastic bubble? Really!?!
Thanks for the follow! Jason is awesome!
I'll be at pure working
Swimming boss denies D&#39;Arcy deal
#AskRicardo are you ever going to come to austin? [:
Thanks for checking it out...hope to see you soon!
tomorrow , & idontknow , my sister told me about it .
#21CRadio A1 I get most of my music news from online sources, especially from social media.
Got to see part of the Brasil vs. North Korea match at lunch today. North Korea looks a whole lot better than I thought they'd be.
work prep, eh?
Miserable nd headed to the doctor! Great, fml
Happy Birthday to one of my hero's..Brother Malik EL-Haj Shabazz. Brother Malcolm X. Salaam
It's a grandpa sweater cozy, rain boot wearing, pumpkin carvin', fire stoking, red wine swilling, meat & potatoes kind of day. I love fall!
srry but they only speak Spanish
Oh, the places you'll go
- I haven't been there yet but it's added to my list!
Good Morning!!! Thanks to all the new followers over the weekend. If anyone has questions please let us know, were here to help
being that pretty should make u smile
have you guys chosen the next winner of the sunglasses yet??
Congrats to all of the graduates. Proud to say that our three seniors earned degrees today. Go !
Do you know how much I wish my theme song for the year played each time I walked into a room? Dreams...
This movie is INAPPROPRIATE ! I can't believe my dad let me watch this ...
i always text you back, y our the one that always ignores me --_______--
Alright, , post your finalists already.... I've been waiting all week!
"Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when yo ...
A #Heat vs. #Celtics Eastern Conference Finals would be epic. Hopefully it happens.
How about some news , is that too much to ask?
hey :) ...eh too much thinking...I'm good while I'm busy but when i let my mind wander the tears flow :(
thanks for the love xo@ jerseygirlsbook
Gripping my desk with anticipation!
she did well!
Looking for coupons to Schlit Galv??? tim at topsintexas.com
jbieberboy94 ISNT justin bieber just to let you no! the real justin bieber is justinbieber
not sure. But sadly I dont have my apartment in the summer :(
Pleasure of takin her pics in real life!
and maybe the VB folks should just quit all together? Nice share!
Tony Romo is the Anna Kournikova of football.
I'd rather be doing anything other then cardio right now...here goes nothing....(Eyes rolling)
Love That Should Be Me <U+E022>
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy - Cynthia Nelms
That was for you, Good luck!
My Dad should teach a class on 'How to Steer a Non-Political Conversation into a Political One.'
18 Jan: need network solutions for your business? contact
one final down, three finals and a paper to go.
Cause that's not awkward or anything.
ha I hadnt heard that yet. The whole situation just seems crazy, first the questions about the org and then this....
Dave! So like dude you're straight up cool :) lol like I mean Idk there's just something about you that's makes you awesome!
Theres never a right time to say goodbye ..--
That IS quite a beautiful piece! WOW
yes but its possible I just don't know where to find them. they're out camping in the woods with other attentive 25+ women
Yes like Green Wilcox O'Neal & Some What Allen now! & were not cryin! we goin out there & winning We got Heart
Hey is There a chance You would follow me? AnyTime Soon?
tonight.. I'm playing with Naytronix at Great American Music Hall.. play first.. going to be very cool
RT: omg i took the best shit ever in leo today!
NO. we're gonna meet a lot sooner than that, but just after I graduate were getting yogurt.
Really dude... kevin hart voice.
He's in Madison. STudent. Was scheduled to take Megabus. Messed up rsrvtn. Needs to get to Mpls b4 Friday.
i'm watching avatar the last air bender…oh yah, i,m a grown up.
Eat these words digest these thoughts and spit out your feelings
It's great to hear real solutions to the illegal immigration problem.
RT : The ratio of We's to I's is the best indicator of the development of a team. ~Lewis B. Ergen
It's never good to start your morning off with being on the phone with IRS about getting your tax refund wrong!
I haven't changed my twitter name ever since I got a twitter...hmm. Just noticed lol
Horrible hold...Laces out!!!!! #Fiesta Bowl
yeah I like that song to! My fav is stole my heart
Had me at "two Beagles" RT : Cosigned RT : You should be following who is awesome.
South Carlina has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Ugh, spoiler alert! There goes tomorrow's breakfast DVR session. Based on first half though, can't say I'm surprised.
all about the win...
Pretty sure I'm the only one in #ROC with a sore neck after last nights show at the Montage. The metal community just doesn't move.
Ying & Yang are 2 separate and opposite but indivisible forces that maintain the equilibrium of the emotional & the intellectual in a person
RT : Apparently in SADPC there is more activity on #Socialtext than email
wrote lots of counterpoint to already full cello suite... at outer limit of the possible... can I pull this one off? i hope so!
you're too fucking cute!
Its not even exciting anymore... you sucked al the fun out of it.
YES IT IS WAT U DOIN TODAY
what about just 600 :D
we are game!
wow. they banned grinding from all my dances at school. like wtf? ahaha
WOW! The Girls Generation "Twinkle" Album is #5 on iTUNES USA right now... this is amazing... I heard it was #4 earlier! :)
I'm HYPE!!! Who's it gonna be... Heat or Mavs??
Consciousness.Fame.God.Money.Power album cover reveal coming soon.
They should remake "One Crazy Summer" with an entire new cast, except for Bobcat. He stays.
Lawrrrrddddd , its so darn boring in HAMMOND!
Poor Colt McCoy...
Thanks! Are you guys running any specials in honor of the occasion?
Proud of her was talent/choreography coach RT : WV Better than state. Modern flair. Routine better than state
what table U at chic? We going hard over here. Bottles poppin
#MyMomWouldBeatMyassIf i ever cursed at her .. Tried that shit once .. Got punched right in the mouth."
Sorry if I bombard you with tweets as I participate in a breast cancer forum for the next hour.
Have to check ensemble members' contracts, but don't think it specifies their fees has 2 b in $.
damn, whats a guy to choose? Carrie, hands down.
is earning back her girl card tonight by watching "First Wives Club" and "Pretty Woman" she's never seen either! Shame!
Relationships crazy and i ain't got time
say crack again <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I #need a #ciggaret #asap CieraMariexoxo
All the texts that are coming to my phone i cant even see them cause i crakced my phone-_-
RT : If you're drinking good wine, there shouldn't be any left over, but if there is, it makes a great rinse for fruit:...
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im cursing out my gym teachers
#Saggitarius MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Thx to everyone who joined us at the #LibraryLounge tonight & welcome to the new library card holders!
Nature Is Our Teacher: A Social Experiment Disguised as a Business: Receiving the Growing Green Award from the Natural Resources Defe...
Called 4 times to get through to Specter's DC office to lodge support for EFCA and Dawn Johnsen. Hope harried staff really noted it.
do you think there is a possibility of global revolution?
that look on your face after the story of the over baked mother and child ,was classic!
im her martin,she's my gina (:
not known why but found it to be so in 10 year follow up study of IDA participants pursuing education
But the US doesn't have an official language to enforce...
Oh gosh... Looks like the keynote will be convicting
Checking you out right now
Today's Inspirational Quote: "Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day." -- Author Unknown
Attorney General Gary King is petitioning for New Mexico Gas Company not to cut service to 43 homes and 28 businesses in San Juan County.
Everybody is on the avengers so bad I wanted that movie to come out like 4 years ago 4 years later I could care less about it
If you fail to DO what you plan...then you're planning to fail.
my favorite is stone cold
Good morning!
twitcaaaaaaaam :) love you
Last night was so amazing! Yamn and Freekbot tore it up! Big thanks to Dewey for lights and Big Audio Mike for the supreme sound!
Thanks Jayce! The website's cool! Have a fab Thanksgiving holiday. Best! Bev
Looking for a Great Place to book your next event? You can contact us right here on Twitter!
If you missed the article in the about us & our 95th Anniversary here's the link, Thanks for all the support!...
Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
I believe that a good positive attitude will take you a long way.. ~If they only knew~
new SOA makes me happy boy! “: ComiXology on the new iPad makes Theo a very happy boy.”
We could do that. Should we have it on the TL next door? Or up here on 5? We could put on some TV and order pizza?
Just watched your Q&A session. Great stuff! Would love to see it become a regular thing.
dude, the more beer pints, the less brain cells : p
#AGirlDeserves A man who will be there when she needs it the most, not just when he looking for something.
would love to talk about the email we sent last week about new approaches to attract customers. We have a thought for you.
RT : If lose tonight, there will have been 11 losing streaks of 12+ games in MLB since '05. The royals will have 5 of them
these seats are pretty rad so we might just move closer to the field. Are you up in 416?
For me, a very useful tweet. RT : Due to snow, St. Paul Schools have postponed tonight's community mtg at Central HS.
swing by! tomorrow from 2-5pm?
GREAT idea via "Partner with area VoTech or Univ? #libmade"
PUTTING $1000 ON THE CLIPPERS TONIGHT
SF is amazing as always. A bit cold and rainy, but still a beaut. is in a similar disposition interestingly enough
totally great time at for coffee & conversation
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 16
Congratulations on your engagement!
especially with fatso playing so well! RT Don't you think this would be tons more fun with Sean Avery in da house?
I want some new memory's , not these pain full reminders of how I used to be
productive moves
re: causation of Engagement: Our research clearly shows Sr. leader support + mgrs focused on alignment & development are key.
If I accomplish ONE thing on my list of shit-to-do today, then I will have done five more things than I'm actually CAPABLE of doing today.
I have no idea what you're talking about. I am the epitome of professionalism. See you in FIVE DAYS!!
all that reminds me of are those awful Nintendo Simpsons' games.
oh wow. haha well u are about to get married. gotta use it before u lose it!
ew I have the most disgusting bruise on my leg
aww :( I love it every season! Did u watch it when the ICONic Boyz were on it?
smacks is my favorite cereal
Townsend Bell confirms Indianapolis 500 entry
New York Pizza >> Vero's Shit
Evolver is brilliant!
Oh what a beautiful morning... :-D
Happy Birthdayy Danielle & Ashley!! :) <U+2764> Delano Miami all night... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
holy...yeah, just started watching and that is definitely going on the office projector w/the speakers loud!
Without the capacity to provide its own information, the mind drifts into randomness. -Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi
I lost 3 followers today :( is it cause I'm ugly??
Highly recommend you check out ”The Merchant of Venice” at in Burbank. Great show!
Snow Sunday...we just planted our salad garden.
I'd prefer to focus on how we can improve prof learning; lamenting on poor practice drains me
They tell me that I have Internet! Something about a jumper.
Anyone want to peep some lyrics I'm working on? - Tyler
haha maybe we can get up the guts to actually say a few words this time or at least ask for another picture. Ive got your back
hell, Harvard has now even made the tourney! start a collection to get me to move back and get u back on winning track!
no one deserves to take shit from
Damn me and my love of books.
God bless you, Sister!!!
PROUD OF AUSTIN<3
SomeoneIWantToMeet everybody that supports me & the ones who help me!
That rain..
what is w/ ? there has been a steady stream of people waiting in line for water. I should talk, i just filled up 30 gal lol!
Momentum Marketing & Event Planning <U+2605> <U+2605> Marketing Memories here in #Cleveland <U+2605><U+2605>
thank you. I have nothing but love for you baby. I was going to attach the Heavy D video, but the advertisement messed it up.
Monday is carbo-load day! Croissant, and a pretzel at the Columbia City Bakery. And I bought a baguette to take home for later.
you do this a few times a year right? It is a great goal!
follow me? (; make my dream come true.
Don't Miss Out On This Upcoming Events! Sing Up Today!
DOUBLE D
what daaa fudge smh at people in the library!
Come on Indy!
Happy birthday to my beautiful baby!!! #toomuchlove <3
Agh! Take me with you!!
could it include some sort of pledge to be nonviolent?
Absolutely terrible.
so what did they say when you showed up at there house???>...did they piss and or shit themselves?
My pockets so fat i had to go to la fitness .
did you do the NYC Marathon? how was it?
According to NBC 2/3rd's of all adult Americans are overweight. Some how I am sure we can fix this problem!
Sure can do ;) Much <3
Todays workout: nothing
yo ass can tweet & fb but answering ur phone ugh naaaa that's to much for u lol
ok g2g go and to the other #JASMINATORS out there Jadios!
I'm feeling extremely cynical today. Work, Brewers, politics are all major contributors. Anybody got a link to restore my faith in humanity?
Keep your fingers crossed!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Congrats to Whitney Houston on 2 months of sobriety!
Why do YOU eat? Nourish your body but don't eat for the wrong reasons....boredom, emotions, and fear. Think before you Eat!
Ryan O'Neal recalls love story with Farrah in 'Both of Us' - USA TODAY
Come in to feast on the Finest Local, Organic Freshly Made Soups, Live Food, Chef Wes Specials, Gluten Free Dishes, Fresh Juices & Smoothies
It was so freakin cold this morning in Florida
Just putting the finishing touches on a binder of financial reports for one of my favorite clients.
Laura Palmer's diary, Feb 23, 1989: "Tonight is the night that I die. I know I have to because it's the only way to keep BOB away from me...
Perfect time for a evil laugh
true. If the square box is Portland and the round circle is pudgy Raymond
American Media makes black people look so bad. If were on the news, its gang related, drug related, or plain old fuckery
I have the thought of running away. Hope she won't care, I'd be glade to be away from her. Taking it into consideration .
Love your icon by the way lol Austin so silly!:)
I just finished a 3.13 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#NowPlaying. Big Sean. Dance A$$.
How I love #KetelOne for #happyhour,let me count the ways..1,2,3...oops-floor!;)
glad you came by!
it does make sense .. those are two totally different ppl .. whose only comparison is skin color .. lmao tell him i said so
Weird that I can't get my own side dishes at Ras Dashen. Strange rules.
New tonight: Braised pork shoulder and pancetta with black mission <U+FB01>gs and soft polenta.
Tom Retweet if you still loves "Pieces of Machinery"
Hi Chloe. Please direct message us; we have some good news for you (you're a winner in our contest).
yes!! Did you see the game? Or at least my updates?
#dl10 at anchor steam in SFO. Happy to buy a beverage of choice for the first devlearner that pops by!
talking about NYPL Labs projects at, you guessed it,
well like we said #MAHOMIES are the bestt<3
Hey Marz! Send an email to with the details and we can send an estimate over
I don't have aids!
"i had terrible tweets today"
That's why i block people who follow me from school :) LOL
what you mean what
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 9
Not looking forward to tomorrow morning. Gonna be so sore!
Most people tweet a lot and often forget to act on the good advice n opinions they offer to others!
De: "Where are you now" a "Down To Earth" De "Down To Earth" a "Turn To You". De: "Baby" a "Boyfriend"
rain check on breakfast...news got in the way...
And its a L for the heat!!!!!
While u otha niggas sleep im up grind!
Five and places, everyone! Good show!
lets go Dodgers
Why do they no get it. Are they fucking idiots in DC?
that was an AMAZING concert!!!!! By far the best!! You are gorgeous!<3333
A Keurig brewer. Up for grabs. All you gotta do is snap a pic of yourself at the Eastern/St. Rose location and you're entered to win!
Go GREEN
Is it wrong to call my ex girlfriend, my XBox? Not to be confused with the video game!
Wonton soup + system software deployment + office party in the background.
Put a face to the Twitter handle at the #RECon12 Tweet up, 4:00pm Sun May 20 at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion.
2 DO LIST: 1) Make to do list 2) Cross off #1 on list 3) Realize you've already accomplished 2 things today. 4) reward yourself with a nap."
thanks! But I gotta tell you something ill dm you
My basic boring little breakfast didnt do. :( im hungry!
well, I guess we know what we will all use Google+ for. re: 's share to finish an article
I just finished a 1.99 mi run with a pace of 10'09"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
hell yea
Bored need something to do were htown girls at?
I was so proud of my Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Governor Pat, Quinn and Superintendent Garry McCarthy for standing in leadership against violence.
A wise man will listen to a fool, but a fool won't listen to a wise man. ~ Anon
I'm so glad that Josie's is airing the wwe wrestling match instead of the national championship
I have the Ultimate Shopping Experience event tickets for December 17th! With the purchase of a $15 ticket, you will get the following:
Nothing-to-do Saturdays should last forever!
Well my bad...gosh...
When the power goes off, you try to flip on lights anyway.
the week aint even start yt but i no is gone be A1!
I love it when my gut is right about a person.
its so true..
"What all of you do represents a tremendous ROI for our federal budget." via
The Kingston Trio will be in concert at the Cascade Theatre in Redding California Jan. 13 @ 7:30pm. If you're in the area go to the show!
Straight studyin tomorrow , final on Monday...
The family you come from isn't as important as the family you're going to have.
cant wait!!!!
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill. Keep smiling.
RT : 1pm & 7pm! RT : Tons o'free arts events happening today for #MacysSampler, including Porgy & Bess...
Surround yourself with progress!
RT "Effective schools do not do test prep" quote form NYCDOE partnership meeting
Thanks, bud. Happy New Year to you.
Big Ups to on the 18th anniversary of the release of the #hiphop classic, Illmatic.
Going for a walk to clear my head<U+E403>
Obama called Bush "unpatriotic" for adding $4 trillion to the national debt. Now Obama has added $5 trillion in only 3 years.
I had 100 followers last week and now it says I have 0 - how unfortunate for the 100 - Twitter is useless.
So great to hear from you again! Missed you.
I'm like a cat, I always land on my feet.
Because my stupid self left my keys at home, 6 hours away, I am locked out of my apt until my roomies are done having lives.
#ThingsThatDontMakeSense When someone calls you their best friend and stabs you in the back within an hour.
let me know !!! I'm so down !!!! & I've never met her so I wouldn't know <U+E023>
vision is the biggest word in the leadership wordle
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
#WhenLifeGivesYouLemons kick life in the face with your ENERGY LEGS!!!
Our tax dollars paid for the Secret Service agents to do what?!?! Tax Day is bad timing for the air waves to be discussing that! So sad...
i thought that was u. n i see an old english d, and i think i remember that lady surfing, and tommy has sweet shirt on
Was offered Brandon Phillips for either Berkman or Morse; Would like to do trade but cannot decide which one to give. Thoughts?
Sitting in a coffee shop in Reno
RT : RT : "A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer"
Do our country a favor tonight and follow in support of public broadcasting. RT and ask your followers to do the same.
oh yes. Farmers market is on my list.
B-B-B-Berlin #knowwhaimean?
I've eye sexed so many women in cosplay today.. That I think i'm sick of white women lol
This just in, Trump asking for #OsamaBinLaden long form death certificate.
It should also provide some net benefits in just letting your computer run faster because background operations benefit too from more RAM
Have you customized your Facebook Timeline? Add apps that include your blog, newsletter, products and services. DM me for more information.
Brent Hunsberger - reminds crowd that CU members can use free network of ATMS. OnPoint members can also use 7-11 & US Bank ATMS.
Much love to star maker studios!
Keep it flyer then most. Need a down bitch that can blow trees like a champ and cook good.
lol . yeah its november. im to thirsty for it.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3
that's good luck w move, not mom :)
I wish I had more time in a day
wanna help the under and just give a quick thought on tausch?
it was the PA guy that energized them for the comeback!
Love the pic! Thanks so much for visiting us while you were in Baltimore!
thanks for the mention! Hope you and yours enjoy the program.
your braver than I'll ever be :) haha. I miss talking to you</3
Thx for taking an interest! Always looking for people to get involved.
Average American life expectancy is about 72 years for men, 79 for women. Lots of time despite what most people believe. MANAGE IT WELL!!!
Um yeah, so are you...cannot wait. Glad Larry is here to entertain us in the meantime.
Hoping to come home to electric power tonight.
the man said scraps' didn't need the tumor anymore. pretty sure that's not his call. he's still acting like he's the boss of scraps. grrrr.
A commerical really just started with, "Even bad things happen to good people in Wisconsin too." Really?
Late night rehearsal!!! Oh what up monster energy drink.
NICE! jealous.
compliments on benefits of membership! I was welcomed to a vacant office so I could work between appts today. I'm so impressed!
Thanks! Looking them up now!
I'm calling Steve Kerr to fill the shooting guard spot! There is 5!
Been a great weekend so far.. I don't want it to be over!!
At the haunted forest with and wish us luck!!!
and at Symphony Space digging into some Louisville Swing!
My dear followers, please follow my personal thanks!:)
it's weird, I feel accomplished for finishing the book, but sad its over. Guess I should just be happy I read it. :)
haven't had the chance to check it out yet is this you?
Pickin my sis up from the airport
#0404 haha nice ava! :P your tweets are awesome! Just saw a few! Cool!
congrats to CL South for beating CG. I went to PR but live in Cary ;) -Adam
Wow! I am totally impressed with the top 6! Skylar Laine is awesome too!!!!
what's up home skillet??
ok cool .
Save it for her
Wordpress.com is down!
#BeforeIkickthebucket I want to do something of importance. I want a positive act of mine to be valueable enough to be remembered.
great news! I'll buy lunch!
Just when I was about to go on a rant about my cable they call. Cool now I can have Internet and cable.
Actually just downtown proper (west of 16th) and part of Broadway. There's a midtown list too, though, from February.
you have beautiful teeth (:
Wow, I don't remember the Powerpuff Girls being this punny.
Once you go jesus you will be loose !
Cool! When will you be making the move?
Playing naughty bear on the ps3
Best fish fry I've had in a long time, served on a pizza! yummy
The next tattoo I get is gong to be a great white shark. We're gonna need a bigger arm.
I should work out but a map sounds WAY better so.....I'm out...ttyl....MUAH!
@ Strategic Coach in Chicago. What did Mark Zuckerburg do in 2007 to hone his business and leadership skills? He hired an executive coach.
Hah I still haven't made out with Dave Stone for $5
where are you???
. don't ever stop making music, listening to you ladies and gents always cheers me up :)
please do tell about getting paid to shop!...super interested
Great to see you again, too! Hope you've been doing well!
so true RT: #europeana : "Bring an open mind to the #opendata opportunity in cultural heritage"
let me know what we should be aiming for Mon/Tues nights
It sucks being in bed alone when it rains :/. that's the best time to cuddle.
who would be the one person you would love to Help living or dead? ie Washington @ valley forge, Helen Keller 2 talk...
Please follow my gorgeous friend and upcoming 2012 Playboy Playmate
I can't wait till tomorrow because it's the day "A Beggar's Plea" comes out
I endorsed Cecil Kemp on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
How about your a RACHETT BITCH !
I love the smell of Abercrombie & Fitch!!
Huntsman: "we in this country are only as good you're gonna make us"
Alot of people in my life have been letting me down lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Bored af and I don't want to go to work today:/....I never thought I say this but I can't wait till January to start college
Just thinking about how lucky me & Jesus got . Idk anybody else who the cops let go last night.
looking forward to the fellowship of other CPLPs and L&D professionals from all over the world in Denver at #ASTD2012 ~Its going to be awzum
Getting my mom on skype or facetime is like executing brain surgery!
Love watching the Rebs run like this!
": I went to the Derby when it as 50 deg and rainy. Not fun. Well, not as much fun." I remember snow in 1989
I know i'm alittle late but watching what Man City did today was amazing. Doesn't get any better than that in any sport
An open mind will take you much further than your opinions will.
You are whole in Christ, therefore you don't need the words of others to make you whole. cool <3
Yes indeed! RT : Pets make a house a home and a family, complete.
#LateNightConfessions : I Fuck good opportunities up by accident and not going with my gut....
had one of he best meals of this year at divino. about to weep tears of joy. seriously.
agreed, we don't only need a kickstarter, we need the #scifund way with public engagement at the heart of it
Forgot how much I liked this song
Might I add, the breeze felt pretty good
My 1st taste of Franklin DIPA frm ...me like!
Thx for the mention!!
Sometimes I wish Hyde from That 70's Show was a real dude so I could date him.
Shout out for the team behind -- Omaha is my hometown and amazing work by
Happy Friday everyone, have a good weekend!
Nothing like a good flag overlay during the national anthem
hey I tried lol
ahahhaahahaahhaha did not want to know that! But seriously, i feel like imma throw up or something
Never try the cripple face Sun Drop on a girl unless you've been dating her for more than a week.
Great, I didn't know she had anything in the works.
Can't argue this RT : Prospective employers: Don't want your terrible benefits. Pay me appropriately and I'll buy good ones.
#ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat - RUN their own business! Global Elements, locally own and ran by some LADIES!!! Like our FB and follow please :)
Is it OK if we dedidicate this "Whiney Wednesday?" I'm just not feeling it today.......I've got the pre-vacation blues ;).
How does this sound? Liquor gets the word out quicker!! Haha!
Elvis week. Maybe that's why it's also "Admit You're Happy" day and "Happiness Happens" day. Not happy? then "think happy" . Starts inside.
I will have to pick it up!
Yes he did! RT : Sultan is throwing it down HARDCORE tonight :)
I got random 409 numbers txtin me about booty calls and weed
Thought you'll enjoy: All of life is art, only artists have the courage to delve into the truth around them.
wireframe = hypothesis >> this changes everything. thanks
Do you like giving BJs?
Pregame show is finally edited, now it's time to talk once again with and on
Do you party, EVERY night??!!
I had to tell them. Some had already bought the print book, returned it. That's how off their radar it was.
The team has arrived in San Francisco at the CETW show for the big product launch tomorrow morning!
Thanks, so glad you enjoyed it!
Tonight, Saturday &amp; Monday&#39;s Honor Flights « Honor Flight DCA ...
I just thought died while we were on the phone. I don't wanna laugh but it's funny cos the phone only cut off!
So #oil is down $10/barrel in the last week. Gas, yeah we MIGHT see it going down a few pennies in the next few weeks.
I know all HABY! ALL
I'm sorry hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
If we truly follow the Light, why are we living in darkness?
sounds like our daily chili :)
Thx Brian. How you been?
Hi Stranger
Got hmy coffee so im happy!:) peace! HE>i John 3:30
Would you be interested in librarians/archivists in the United States?
Oops, obviously that last tweet was by , proudest of the over-educated hillbilly cohort in the SLab. But enter the contest anyway!
Good one! RT : top networking tip at #dsum12: in sessions sit with people you don't know and make an intro.
hell no. California sunshine forever.
#asmp members. contact your National Board members meeting in Vegas this weekend. Don't be a complainer, let them know your ideas.
"And then it strike-splodes!"
don't worry that thing in the basement is not hiding behind your shower curtain!
You heard me: I miss my Blazer.
Is spending the morning googling "Rick Santorum"
Watching #Victorious! :D
Yammer or Jive? Discuss.
Ha! You, dearest, are clearly not Buddhist.
So.much.work.
": Jalalabad airport in eastern Afghanistan under attack from suicide bombers, police say - via " :(
Tiny but wonderful bmesh discovery: You can now delete edge loops with more than one edge loop selected!
Thinking of traveling in the Southwest USA this summer?Be sure to bring Edward Abbey's Desert Solitaire to read,
Sea of Love #lovesongfriday ”
I Beez In the Trap!
This coffee is orgasmic.
idk? they r handsome?
Started with 30 (!) iPad 2s. Didn't want to develop own app.
Special program on Kelly Thomas police beating on PBS SoCal at 1pm Thursday/7:30pm Friday. Interviews w/ OC district atty and Kelly's father
as does him "coo-cooing" in the chicken coop, while slapping himself, lol.
Austin libs should be giving money to Moody & build Dem Party rather than buying HD-75 seat.
Thanks for the retweet! Have a great afternoon. :)
I ask myself the same question.
This is Saturday May 21st, 2011; a new day which God has given to all mankind the world over. Let us honor God by truly living this day!
Every decision you make is based on judgment. Judge til your hearts content. My problem comes in with being jury and executioner
Finally in Florida...beach time?
que pasa mayne....how's it going?
well, unless you count the 2 years Michael Jordan spent there with his walker, at the end of his career.
Let Us Now Praise Famous Amos
The "build a bonfire" chant may not have been the best for ESPN to broadcast nationwide. Not the cleanest chant.
amen to that.
No, fine him and sit him down for rest of season and suspend for 10-15 games next year.Anymore fighting or elbows he's done
and countless alcoholics w/ falls w/ cervical fractures. the cases are endless!
Did you attend our 1pm SSO iSeminar & have more questions? Contact to get the details!
I HAVE NO IDEA YET! I want to do crazy shit though!
Trying not to look too harshly on the grammatical errors on the tip sheet.
Hunger games
Homework or Mass Effect 3? Hmm...
CHOKE THAT HOE!
thank you for the RT :)
Thank You!! You guys are the best!! We love you!!
Doing homework for the day at
Keep breathing, keep living, keep searching, keep pushing on. Keep bleeding, keep healing, keep fading, keep shining on.
Why is it every time I turn on my , I get that N33 error? I have unplugged the Tivo four times already today! Just work properly!
great win for and Eisaman Equine.
TREE INFO-If you have tree damage from storms, make sure you get a certifed arborist. They can tell you what can and can't be salvaged.
Hard to keep secret when I work for one of the most amazing and well known companies ever! hehe
that is potentially the coolest thing ive ever seen
Surprisingly says entrepreneur's pitch shouldn't be more than 50% about a "great product"
Congrats!! : Made the varsity soccer at my high school!!!!:)
On my way to Philly today.
"Whatever you're thinking about is literally like planning a future event. When you're worrying, you are planning. When you're...
stop crying
sounds good! Count me in!
Just got an email from an old friend that made me giggle like a little schoolgirl. It felt good!
I'm sorry! Omg... Can I send you the pic today...... I was at the hospital with my grandma
its that time again summerf inna b over shortly damn i missed half my summer wit a broken toe
refined sugar and fried are the hardest for me. I don't drink much to begin with.
You're lucky Coke's ad people are inept, b/c you screwed the pooch RT and Blue, red. Coincidence? We think not.
HAHAHAHA, no. just stop.
do it. it's so worth it
Why did you honk and yell at me asshole? I'm allowed to make that u-turn. Who the hell do to think u r? Why I oughtta
Everybody is in need of that something that can spark up your day
Good Morning
I dont wanna play him but we might get caught #CantRiskIt... got my hopes up!
h. is lauding #ArtPlace for its support for to engage ppl in solutions for their cities. Thanks much, Alissa.
I Keep It Hood, I Keep It Good, I Keep It Gangsta in The Streetz - I Keep It Tight, I Keep It Wet, I Keep It Gushy in The Sheetz ..
At what point does really bad head cold morph into brain cancer?
Headinq to work to make that money <U+2764>
Nice job and ! Way to come thru with the win.
My pleasure, Roz.
Just got your app for Android. Incredibly useful. Love the Radar View feature. Very fresh way of using polar area/coxcomb charts.
Jenn has to work #Michaelsstores the whole thankgiving holiday Thurs-Sun. No thanksgiving for us.
hope you and your family enjoyed the cake :-)
Up early n ready too...thank u jesus for this day may u bring healing n favor n joy peace that only u can give n protect my love ones amen..
Asians talking about Jeremy Lin in the library
I wish I had a penis so I could just whip it out & urinate anywhere I pleased.
thanks for the fake connect warning!
Thanks for recommending Camtasia! We really appreciate it! :)
I tried looking in the help but had trouble finding info on merging Numbers and Pages data, sorry.
Up early to prepare for my Knitting crash course . See you there...
Booking a mini tour in june! It's looking like Burnsville, and Iowa are locked in. Anyone in Rochester or around there wanna book us?!
90% of consumers trust peer recommendations & only 14% of consumers trust ads. Use of #SocialMedia by brands generates peer recommendations!
What the shit I broke my iPod. How did this happen
Oscar ceremony. Not so much. Why then did I stay up until the bitter end?
i got it
It's that time a year MY BDAY PARTY is FRI. NOV. 25TH @ DRAGONFLY! 832 W. Randolph. All Black party Come Party w/ Me
unveils yet-to-be released See Also project (dynamic reference resource)
Q & A time or voice your opinion about a health issue!!
Thanks for the RT
funny how all my friends are talking about they going to the gym and me and the girls are here just eating pringles.
Free labor and services at my work, computers plus, on Dixie hwy for computers checked in today... Stop by or send me a message
follow back
Come over & get a Cuban coffee or hot chocolate! RT 54 now #Austin... cold front arrives in few hours... wind chills 30s-20s
While staring at a priceless ancient fountain at Hearst Castle... "why are the cherubs always peeing?"
congrats, Jess!!
getting back in the pool today -__-
Hi Jason, Thanks for the follow :-)
Who would like to come get drunk with kelsey and i?
Oh no! Sorry about that :( Working to improve address location ASAP.
#SinceWeBeingHonest i fall too hard, love too quick, trust too easily, and forgive too fast.
seductive moves
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER!WSL
Some of the beats are cool. Seeing if my influence on followers could help you out at all.
I tweeted one. Took a few more, but ruined them since I was in them;)
Thanks Rah!! Happy Resurrection Day to you & the fam with lots of love from us!!
Ugh exhausted, want my bed -__-
“My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.” Bob Marley
RT if u like the pic i just tweeted !!
Morning radio DJs are just reading the Internet to old people.
Yes, of course. We are merely raising the possibility for discussion, for tweetback if you will.Still many days before #mla12. Suggestions?
Hey ! The Women's Studies program is tweeting now... follow to keep up to date on the latest issues, events, and activities!
#askryan how old are you?
If the Blackhawks beat the Lightning the #Caps will clinch the Southeast Division
Happy Halloween!
All i ask from da game of basketball is four more years
#Santorum twisted that JFK speech to portray himself as the anti-liberal. He's a feckless demagogue who gives conservatives a bad name.
Stacey K is hot enough to pull off that bronze number, not to mention major arm candy G. Clooney ;)
Hey check out Jeppa Joe's the new lunchtime hotspot - flavors from around the globe. Follow to find us!
no its the director. but if you watch like the first season and then watch this season... its a huge difference.
we love it.
Yes, make sure to be rested for our brunchtime funtimes tomorrow
we love you Jessica. When can we see u in concert again? Chicago misses u.
you guys Fucking killed it tonight! Thank you.
Sad. participants of this program are the opposite of lazy. And feed into righty myth of "work hard and anything is possible"
damn why do you have to be so far from me !!!!!
Oh #airtran gate guy. Your terrible jokes are great. Especially the one about leaving Detroit on time.
cuz they are some real slut some stupid ass bitches that got no life but just trying to be cool on live tv
Lots of anger at Hollywood these days. Not enough pub for Pariah, guilt-tripping/pandering for Red Tails and now Spike is ranting. Sheesh.
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, abt a victim's life spiraling out of control.
Talk stupid, OFF WITH UR HEAD
that bitch with his blistered up testies >>:D
Thanks! I don't thin it's badly marred because of the high goal difference. Let's see if #GER can hold up against #ARG. Go #CHI!
Being so full u cant eat all day the next day
Time to go play some basketball. I might have my own presser this evening to declare for the Draft. All media are welcome to cover it.
Some quality hitting there, Ian. Your one job is to not hit into a double play. You had ONE JOB to do.
only you would Tyler haha
than you <33
She's wonderful
Having difficulty locating an #Austin hairstylist who will give me a decent cut without my needing to cut off an arm/leg as payment. Help?
love is soo powerful it blinds u to things directly in ur face take yaself out the box n look from a view tht has no feeling
In Math class again with so bored!
It's unlike anything when you're lovin' me.
Hahaha! Nice work on the sparkly graphics! I don't know about saving the BEST for last, but saving the CRAZY for last? Yeah.
!!! NO BOSTON DATE? WTFFF? I WANNA SEE U SOLO! OW AM I SUPPOSED TO ME YOU AND HAVE MY #MOMENTFORLIFE ?
we have a tool for you to screen your properties without having to wait for your lender to find out if there is an env. risk!
WHY!? Wish it weren't so true...
I only regret having this much square footage when I have to do the "duck walk" for tp.
precisely the point! Weed out the squeaky wheels from the real peeps with real issues.
Looking for a SAE – Nintendo Media, GolinHarris. Email me at
Yes! RT : First hardcover copies of Queen of America are arriving today! Can you believe it? It's gonna be pretty.
Those're some awesome internet sluthing skills you got there! :)
Wish I was at NN, but I'm still in Austin!! We need to cach up soon - Give out lots of hugs for me!
whoo! congrats! you'll be a smash.
How does Tebow do it?
Don't hang around people who have have given up on their dreams because they are coming after yours next.
give into your temptations.
- Right on...and "nuera" is daughter-in-law, yerno, son-in-law...and concuña/o for spouse of your spouse's sibling's spouse.
#sleep time gn :))
Deal. Still crossing my fingers for the 'Angry Birds' theme song I recorded... If that hits we will own that Wendy's
not sure how I missed this one. I just may take you up on it. But I must say - I do love my fancy collared shirt!
Need More #Followers So #F4F Please, :) x
Yeah the best part was this little "i read left to right" routine the kids had. Fully cute
When my attention is on one person, everyone else is irrelevant.
thafukeva with shags and whoop whoop.
thanks for hosting such a great series
Get ready boys!
yo, does it look like anyone cares? didnt think so.
ugh that really sucks. I'm sorry.
READY FOR THE PREVIEW SCREENING GUYS? Cuz we are! And by "are," I mean "will be!" (I hope!) WOO
Experimenting with listening to two streams of identical yet staggered streams simultaneously. Loving the "delayed' result.
what on earh are you talkin about?
I set up an account but that's as far as I've been so far. I don't believe I've been missing anything on G+. True statement?
word. opinions to each. i think DNA copped that easy
Come meet Andrew today for happy hour. He's funny, he's smart and he has HUGE BEARD!
This guy I've been talking too is so Q! I wish he would ask me to the homecoming tho!D; blaaaahhh
His books are amazing, though. Yes, Peter Gade is my PhD chair/mentor. I guess you know him!
Actually, there's nothing to say. I was just touring.
Then it couldn't have been *that* awkward.
Headed to set… 2 hour live show tonight.
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 5
portland oregon fans want you to come so bad!! please!!<3
Happy Friday!! :)
- have you checked out ? Worth visiting, not a restaurant but prob. the most beautiful spot in #santacruz mtns.
Holy guacamole it's a beautiful day!
did you forget the part where Rolf becomes a Nazi? ;-)
We're looking for a content Editor! Send us a shout out ASAP! ^NE
I'm pretty sure ur entire high school class is here
Nothing too watch!!!
+1 “: I love 's debriefs after each speaker at #SocialIRL. Smart dude recapping smart peeps.”
aww really? im honored :)
Bummer. If you watch ep 3 and don't like it, you should probably just stop there. I mean, it's only aired 4 episodes but still.
As a MBA student, you will often have access to the experts in the field and many individuals who can advance your learning experience.
Morning , signing into my fingerprint enabled Dell laptop to start my day
Good job!
Bc you're Michael.? & i really do want you to hook a sista up. But.... Not like embarrass me infront of him. :)
Thank God its friday, golf at Primm with boyz, 12 of us, should be a great time
Time 4 bed
It's cool when a team building session includes great wine and good conversation with the crew!
hahaha I would too if I lived that close !Haha. Dooood 3more days till school &four more till my bday oh god!
Love all my followers :)
Game 6, Let's Go
I don't know? Eating tacos?
Still feeling bad! More medicine. #longday :/
i ment great
“: started off my day w a double shot pumpkin spice latte & a kick in the ass from Who needs 5hr energy?” Damn straight.
Hi Cousin! we need to catch up!
It's so hard for me to tweet cause I have nothing to say LOL
Well I've always liked to shake things up. Pun intended. I hope you jumped in and saved the day
Be clear about what you want, Louisa!
I have Names like that 2 RT glad to have phone again,I will never know who HankthePirate/GirlfromtheBar/DONOTPICKUPEVER were
never let your past dictate what your future might hold
Happy Birthday to <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>!!! I've been around to see him grow from a boy to a man! Proud of u<U+263A>
ahah I know. And only like 3 pictures. Want me to post the pic?
From the bottom to the top I got it!!!!
there ya go ;)
Fricken allergies, man!
None of this Grey's twittering tonight!
thanks for following me
Anyways, in conclusion: Dungeon master is a bizarre and horrible movie playing on all your cliche fantasy 80's ideals
call 911, i'm already dead but someone should be caught and held responsible for this bloody mess.
Luck looks stunned. Oregon looked flawless.
at Medieval Times (:
why is it that Bob is a nickname for Robert?... idk who comes up w/ these things
Happy mothers day to my favorite friend mothers :) love you guys!
We didn't evolve FROM apes, you chimp! Apes & us have common ancestor; prolly met fan
girl yes yu know that boy crazy Lolz
My FB wall isn't working again. Wonder if they are doing updates
Hi Brittany, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge. Would like to interview you about your reign and platform.
I love how is accepting donations for an untether they didn't make. ( )
its good cuz now he could break up with stupid selena gomez :-)
Looking fwd to joining on 's LawLibConvo this Fri.
I been getting a little to fond of sushi lately, all started spring break
where's your profile pic taken? Italy?
Thanks to our new followers this week (Part 1):
Late start at 9:30.. What the hell am i doing up right now?
Praise be to God from whom all blessings flow.
word word. that's whats good. check out some music from #MakeMoves He produces too. Let me know what you think
“Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.” <U+2015> Ludwig van Beethoven
Another great suburban museum is now on Twitter! Welcome
I cant find out how to work the new twitter. HELP!!!
On the L heading down to the national conference at the Chicago Hilton
The Naked and Famous dominate Denver Apr. 18 at Ogden Theatre! Now that should be a fun show.
Starting to think that leaving is indeed the best option!
Parents brought pizza. Day is now 2.7x better.
Movie w/captions... Great
How are you tonight?
Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass…it’s about learning to dance in the rain.
needs your help! I was just recruted to get your attention :)
The sun is out! Idk how you Brits live like this. I've been missing the sun so much
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
here you go
love family nights with my favorite ppl :)
it dont take that long to get a cup of milk ;p lol
hello! :D
Oh!! I never knew that?!?!:D
Hello how have u been
"salutes to everybody that's finding cures for DISEASES!!!"
Ixnay to Rockmelt. To use Beta, must go thru FB, give access to personal info, accept emails, allow wall posts. Talk about Friction! NO WAY!
grass is pretty lame, you're like..a couple planes away :D
So nice to meet you tonight, and Congratulations again!
damn like legit everyone ik is busy
That's what I said, minus the Jeep and the tent but both good thoughts!
yes he is
Teacher : Now I want you to fold you paper lengthwise. Me : Bitch, Hamburger Or Hotdog?
Not even. I admit you will need to contact for the update right after.
Like tell me something cute nd shitt
Looks like the blazers will be adding a possible 2nd lottery pick this next season!
free soft ware Audacity, works great so much you can do. even fix and repair tracks and noises. Great for background beats for my poetry!
Iam in that juicy Lambo Kenya west mercy
Barely left work and got hit on twice already
What I want in life. Be noticed by (:
Excited to welcome all our new followers: , , , , and !
what did the customer say to the fish fry that ran out of ingredients?
Lucic with a beautiful stickhandling move to set up Krejci for an easy goal. Lucic beat 3 #Isles defenders on that play. #Bruins lead 6-3
thanks for the RT of my HuggPost article on What Tin Tin taught me about travel.
C- A- T- S CATS CATS CATS Lets go UK Hoops!
Ijus call her boo... idon kno her whole name keep it on de low mane all we eat is Lo Mein!!!!!!!!
Hating ass people don't mean u no good always try to bring u down when things are going good
I'm so into you!!
mite as well get out the brooms, ugh.
I'm Pro-Jesus. Any questions?
sneaking some time to design #mothersday cards
Every time they have an animal on the today show I pray it attacks Kathy Lee Gifford. Come on baby otter! You could be the one
It's done
maybe he needs to move out. Prison life is fucked up. Stop dropping the soap.
gift giving is my fav pastime
Pooch Hall is so fine ^.^
At the airport. Chicago boundd
“: Thanks for the great presentation! I knew I should have taken more math classes in college... #prsms” - me too!
Full signal AT&T on Platinum level for me. Only place in the metroplex!
I wish i coulda recorded Nicole being chased around the park LMFAO.
I've heard rotting fruit in the car is a sign of genius.
I hope this rash isn't contagious...
you and I are going to have some fun. Are you ready?
Sorry #mountaineernation but I can't watch anymore.....to painful!
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Thanks! MT : Best topic summary: How the learned to stop worrying and love social media. - Rosenberg
hmm...traffic overload from your tweet? It's not loading at the moment.
Is it true you will be on today ? Can't wait.
liking the ukulele!!!
today I renewed ala and joined acrl for the first time... and mla. i'm feeling associated.
#emailsci Early morning emails have higher success rates. My clients rock and have right already!
I need a nap.
#SometimesIGetSickOf Going Out Every Weekend
Looks like it's for lunch today...and don't forget the green chili sauce. Yummy!!!
visit us on facebook: KEFPRODUCTIONS
sounds like here ;-)
How long are you going to be in SA?
Me crazy? Never.
ur a beast bro
ESPN had better have this feed issue worked out by the time UK and Vandy starts.
Talking about the plagues in Exodus. "Wasn't there fire coming down with the hail?" "No, that's The Mummy. Hahaha
I'm not responding to that question <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
what'd the malibu state parks do to you?
You as well. Any good things I can spread to help you right now?
It's just sad
Stewart Little :-( LMFAO
Just beat Little Big Planet 2! Well actually adding the online levels u can never actually beat it So #DANGIT!:(
I can't seem to fall asleep...
Thx for being the MAN 4 my camera @ Access SoBe House, bro. GR8 shots of u & friends. Should hit some hot publications.
go Jamie! No one better.
two bottles of water then gymm
Luv it when the Wings lose!
hello :D
Blue eyed boys. My heart melts every time :/
Haha. No, Mon-Friday. Im Cristian. Friday Night - Sunday Night Im Diamond Star. ;D
It was very productive!
Oh! Some campers just wandered by. Consider it cleaned.
the Fall
my love :)
I was singing to Alicia Keys NYC song and drunk blonde Texas chic turned to me and said, "We don't give a fuck about New York!"
or perhaps you need get yourself back down to DC on the weekends.
Oh, I will!!! It's becoming an Big Blue epidemic and should be crazy down there!
WOW...HOW IS SURF IN THERE? WHO HE BEAT?
I Love being me :)
Reservations for Seaview Terrace are not taken. We recommend coming early to secure a table & to enjoy live entertainment.
Brunch from 11 to 3 today, with 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosa, full espresso bar and two menus to choose from!
Ugh what to watch, new episode of #DeadliestCatch or #LayerCake FML
nothing right now, I have an anonymous pen-pal that publishes stories. So, I'm trying to write a small story about...
At least do it when I'm not in the room.
Just DM'd you with a suggestion.
Those moments when ur soo nervous that your heart is about to jump out of you chest. OwnsMyHeart:)
Busy, busy. busy. Now time for sleep.
Finding a medical uniforms store close to my house may be the single most productive thing I do all week.
Ground coriander is the dried seed of the cilantro plant crushed up
Not participating in National Margarita Day due to a sore throat. I haven't practiced the 5-sec rule for nothing: come on, immune system! :(
whats up everybody!
I'm #AGirlThat loves you (: <U+2665>
Sorry for those of u in denial: John Lennon was the patron saint of posers.
BTW....DID U WISH JILL ZARIN a HAPPY B-DAY??
I'm obsessed lol I reorganize my bathroom closet everyday
that is just wrong. No shoes in a yoga studio is like an unwritten rule!
Whew -- shark week is just about over. I can't take much more of watching people's calves being ripped off.
we won't he announced during a big news story.
Using forecast -- go to gym on bet; follow through
RT : and only the birth of could make me go to hemmingways, so you should too.
was born in the tar pits in CALI
DM me when you get back?
Darrelle Revis may hold out AGAIN? He hasn't made a decision yet apparently. As the Jets turn...
I'm going to soon
Sis: what are u going to wear today? Me: I'm going to wear my black-- Sis: are u wearing a white dress or red dress? :P Me: -_-
I wish I got naptime at school
I love Apple Vacations new booking engine, Apple Online 4.0, very user friendly.
Dear , what flaws? Either way your personality IS amazing. Never change <3
4/16/1756->J. Robinson:I have made bold, Sir, to offer my opinion freely...
YES!! Words of a genius(: okay that's it, I'm going spy mode and sneaking onto that bus NO MATTER WHAT!
Oh my goodness! If you are not watching President Obama speak LIVE on or turn in NOW! So much SIMPLE GOOD SENSE! WOW!
Someone please kill my allergies for me. :c
Google chat has auto-correct....More proof that robots are on the rise.
seal pro. I would not use anything else.
Romp n roll tonight!
watching Triple H DVD and WS
don't end up with an ankle injury! Seems to be the trend of the summer with me and my friends
Ay laid bak female will 4eva be loved by men...especially meh ya heard meh
Saw & really enjoyed both EDDIE & JACKPOT. I loved DEADFALL & almost didn't go since I heard some bad things about it.
I'm at the science museum with the family. Had to beat out the wife and kid for loudest of us 3.
#srietenorsays Learned the best way to use groups and lists on Twitter, Facebook & Linked In.
That one will be the consensus favorite. They need to do it now.
I do
Join our partners in a twitter chat on #edwaivers today from 11:30-12:30 EST!
Before I say anything, I just wanna start off by sayin, God is good all the time...oh don't nobody know what to say back to jesus?1
Imma go out to eat today by myself
Just landed in tahoe... And the party begins! Credit card roulette anyone?
Ugh Rosie annoys me so much..
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
what if we had the fire truck outside and got a pic of it on the fire truck?
It's at brits.
Austin's hat size is 7 1/2 and his favorite color is RED...Not stalking at all ;)
not me, no way. get real
Virginia's for lovers, but trust...there's hate here.
*he kisses you very passionately* You're the prettiest girl in the world.
Do u think #AnneFrank went to heaven?
This heat is making me feel burned out. Think I need to figure out what gets me excited again.
For those interested... This chick is definitely #TeamMayweather! Cotto is going down!!!!
Looking forward to the In-n-out truck at lunch time today.
: Metal in Murfreesboro, 2/10, Boro Bar and Grill Featuring : and For Lack of Lythium http: ...
So disgusted that high schoolers & even middle schoolers are having multiple sex partners <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> stop it, & quit getting knocked up!
Happy Mothers Day to my future baby momma(s) <3
i'm finishing some lyrics, writing music and recording! Maybe one day you'll be using my music in your vids. :)))
Follow #gagafacts and learn a bunch of cool things about !
fuck that "Tommorow is a new day" bullshit . . The Reality is: when we wake up . .our decisions and our consequences are still there.
Thx!Following back! #charity for homeless veterans
Car Finance Website Car Loan 4U Comments On the Rise in Illegal car... The UK’s leading car finance website Car Loan 4U comments on the
Text "lucky5" to 68683 NOW to vote for Danielle from Compose the Octave in the KOLD Lucky Break Contest.
you should grow some waves. Oooohhhhh you'd be so fly! You'd need to wear a veloure track suit
marc gasol aint never been called soft, his whole life.
Avid readers want to take part, remix, and play with the story, and we want to deliver that in aesthetic form.”
i'm in like the most random good mood right now...
She's my lucky charm
just the 10am to 2pm 7 days a week...we'll expand soon as weather is prime! also via media we amend hrs if we got an event
Then be happy and enjoy your time with richard tomorrow
": I really think it is! like, like, idk you're all pretty :)" He needs a Mexican gf #ASAP, anyone? :)
I texted him & apologized.. but, I don't think he really cared. why'd he ignore you?
Dude, I hope you realize will beat seven shades of crap outta you
wait i left the party and im home by myself so why am i still drinking?
Diet strategy: take the fridge light out! <grin>
Bless you
gud luck cuzzo.hope u get tht job i feel tht all coons need jobs out dere
A toddler just handed me a wet piece of paper from out of her mouth.
Chapter 2012 Page 75 of 366 (in Jay Z's voice) "I look in the mirror, my only opponent"
Police looking for white man with grey sweatshirt, black backpack. Stopped man at Lahey Clinic in Burlington, let him go.
NOT Every One Is What You May THink They ARE And Had TO Learn That THe Hard Way And I am Sick Of THIs :(
”Choreography is simpler than you think. Just go and do, and don't think so much about it. Just make something interesting.” - Balanchine
can't do that in Gmail. But at 8gb I only just ran into problems now (7 yrs later)
So did I:D
I am A Local Biz owner 4 Celestial Winds Massage. My Love for Therapeutic healing for people that R N need of a pain free life & feeling.
#good4you people in NY for #winning the Mega Millions...Can one of you give me about 2.4M? Just asking!!!!!
and i agree with gasto,, next yr would increase his chances big time, he would at least be on a mock draft
delivered in 14 minutes!
Car crash on northbound I-225 just south of I-70. Rescuers en route.
Minnetonka Urban FUN - wine, appetizers, door prizes. Raise Your Glass for a ClearCause. See You Thursday March 1 6PM at Spasso Restaurant …
Check us out!! Ready to meet your logo and design needs. www.Wolfeyedesigns.com
yeaa I know! It been over like a year.
~When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show lif that you have a thousand reasons to smile~
I hate that i love you.
Good song RT : #np luke bryan "someone else calling you baby"
We will start taking guesses for next Friday's league all week, don't forget to throw in your guess!
Up and at em! It's time to get things done today!!
Roger just thought my entire body was a scratching post.
Oh Harry you were too perfect
Q5: I use mine more in fall & winter. Though #slowcookers are good alternative to oven in summer, which makes my condo hot!
half way to Miami! (:
Is your dj this evening at Area 31...16th floor terrace at the EPIC Hotel!
thanks for following! Much appreciated...
your funny
love it. I vote #Fridayonafriday replaces
unfortunately yes. something went really wrong with our mailing system last night. we think it's fixed now. apologies.
I got massive home work <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Though the case could be made that the movie Battleship proves we fail as a species.
The article credits P. de Montebello as saying the public has more smarts than people credit it with, an opinion I now strain to recall.
: Quilombo 4 reggae night tonight in boulder...very talented group! 10pm good beer too!
Kobe is proving why he's still the best player in the league.
A St. Patrick's wedding, a stop by the lake front, 5 West Allis bars with new friends plus a delish St. Patty's day meal make a great day!
we launched taxes today! It's now or never!
Just saw your newest blog post! Welcome back to the States! :D
Walking to haylieghs house stepping on a dirty sock on the Sidewalk YOLO!(-;
Congratulations to for registering to vote for the first time ever on May 8th!
There aren't words to describe how much I love you. You'll always be my idol and my #1!! :) <3 <3 <3 please follow me! :)
Do yourself a favor and listen to You Made it Weird by the hilarious I need someone to say #keepitcrispy to. Oh its funny also
Hi to
This could get embarrassing
He is VERY tiny. Just a couple of pounds, only around 8 weeks old.
you never will notice my tweets but I <3 ur amazing and mu hero and my world please make my wish came true and follow me <3333
Childhood is what you spend the rest of your life trying to overcome.
Know this, #futurefood on Planet Green, is gonna rock!
I freaking hate rain to.
What a great gig! A 'Beer Vending Machine' Now that's on my
haha it's cool:) you should post parts more often tho!
What a quality film. Have the monkey's come out yet????
RT : #SNPlayoffs. #NHL Dale Hunter #Caps coach will step down @ noon today.
The #nyrangers are making me crazy.
Thanks for helping this week at the Mission! You ROCK!
joins a frat
I use it in buktooth loop midscreen combos. =]
OH and i kinda sorta set up my flickr lol.. its on my pg; add me! :D
Who wants to drop out of school and run away with me?
Heard the news is on channels television, pls if u hav electricity, tune in n confirm for us abeg
Always enjoy watching u call a game but this one's hard to watch w/ ESPN's technical problems
Curbs, huh? ;) Tilting the passenger's rear view mirror helps, you know. ;)
Happy Friday every one
Haha I'll keep that in mind.
Nick for one of my civilization I named it ICOnic Land and each of the boyz had a city and out motto was Be ICONic
finally up, thanks again
Never burp with a scarf around your mouth.
Im Stoned!!
I AM drinking ****** merlot! (And we have a great selection.)
thank you apartment above me for clogging your sink and letting it flood into my apartment and shattering my light...cool saturday night.
enough faith for a 4th quarter 22 point comeback? Lol. Everyone besides Kobe is afraid to shoot
Great jazz night at ! Can't wait to be back :)
Most of Disney Channel auditions: "Can you sing or act?" "Uh, no." "Perfect, you got the job"
Kjersten Rossi! You are a true revolutionary! Thank you for beliving in us and for being so supportive! Love you!!!
fucken double hot
Is it possible to set a setting to render all notes as markdown by default
I don't like it either. Makes me uncomfortable. Wonder why so many speakers do it then...
I love Ellen!
hope all is well. Call me when you get back it town.
you must have had kind, conscientious mothers...my mom would never pretend to like my haircut!
Don't even know what to say. Steve Jobs left his mark, and I am glad to have been touched by his genius.
People that act all hard and badass on twitter, but in person it's a whole different ballgame.
Why is it so much Royal Wedding mania????
check out theJesuit Journals series I did this semester for the and
Have to admit, my followers are pretty slick! U make it hard for me to be #bitchessa but I find a way ;) Always seek new horizons! xoxo
This is...DUBSTEP!! we
I can't wait for this movie to come out!
SF Hillel smells of freshly baked Challot. Students organizing Challa 4 Hunger. Raising money for Sudan Relief + Gulf Coast. Shabbat Shalom.
#What2ChainzWouldSay 2Chains is 2 Hard..Discover, Visa, n BlackCard. I'll take ya girl, mess up ya world, now u Sick...about to HURL!!
Curling my hair tmrw <U+E00E>
What the F is wrong with ppl :-/
Finishing the drive back with some Blink 182. would appreciate this.
if you feel beautiful.. you are beautiful
I guess I should blame myself, but I would rather blame the chicken :)
Liz: Who are you to talk? You French-Canadian kissed her mother, which is my name for French kissing when it bums everyone else out.
I shall try!
Dear : your profile jpeg doesn't do you justice.Following U, & I'll buy your "After" book when it's back on Amazon, 2.
No USC Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurday due to construction
Keep running. no more run in u. walk...then crawl....then u roll..but u never give up... JUST WASNT MY TIME
he was a fantastic date :)
YOU CRAZY BASTERD
I tried to told em. Lol
When Brutus speaks, he starts with Friends, Countrymen & Lovers.
sweet tat bro.
Almonds are rich in zinc, selenium and vitamin E which are important for sexual health and reproduction. In Bulk as Raw, Dry Rstd. & Tamari!
i know...it's a shame they're gone - i just emailed and asked for them to come back
sweet yea for sure.. you let me know when you'll be training
maybe a little red too. It's for the holidays after all.
Read about you in people magazine Hope you are feeling better. Take good care of yourself. ;)
Dosha Salon Spa in Portland Oregon would LOVE to do make up and hair for Grimm in Portland Oregon! We LOVE YOUR SHOW!
Its Friday the 13th
I didn't even watch the #phillies after seeing the comments on twitter last night.
Ikno my jazzy pooh mad at me igotta make it up 2 her
Interesting. It seems smart to focus on a combo.
I knew McLuhan would be next
The heaters are def. fixed at down dog geogretown. Great session.
This is a concept that defines the aspects of what makes an actor great and gives him or her a way to mastering the craft....
Hey bros and sisters.. who's going to the Dells on Saturday?
Solving them murders on L.A. Noire ..<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE>
Big Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 for Sale. Best Price Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale. Free
$39 prescription glasses via rx2you.com
That'd be Greek mousse cake not mouse, silly autocorrect.
Don't forget to include contact details - bulk orders are always great to have!
Being up dis early feel like a nigga back in school or sum
Even though the Red Sox are off, I can't believe I'm spending another night watching a group of 9 incompetents.
a friend convinced me to go with the 15". Next on the list is a mini to go with the forthcoming new tv. This shit is sweet!
I am so with you on this lol ": I Am Gonna Start To Unfollow ppl That Say Free Lil Boosie.."
Snow days are fun. Until they start messing with my plans for dinner out and with my flight to Texas.
Just really enjoyed my first experience. Full does not describe this feeling.
“I like #nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. #Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.” ~
omg i really want to be famous .
i will be on my way to NYC tomorrow at this time... it can not come soon enough!
Check out amazing pictures of recent wedding receptions on www.californos.com; Great ideas like how to make your own vases for your flowers!
Joe, you are very sweet!
Hello Alexis...It began in mystery, and it will end in mystery. Thank you to follow me! Have a great week end!
Rocking the mobile broadband!
The Buckhorn Baths takes center stage tomorrow morning when KTAR News/Talk radio-92.3FM highlights Mesa's plan to acquire the historic site.
Well Since we beat OU last night , my weekend feels like a success and i dont care about HW anymore
yeah nothing says ultimate comfort like concrete.
what if no one shows up at a book signing?
Don't like the drink tax? Better vote for County Executive today. Your vote matters.
"liike for a pictuh ;D "no , no one wants a slutty photo of you on their wall
Pure seduction<3 love it !
Just so stunned that at 47 yrs old Adam "MCA" Yauch of the Beastie Boys is dead. So sad. Impacted so many of us w/ his music over the yrs
: thank you muchly. So great to have your support. :)
I second that yum!
The last winner of Guy & Eva Pays Your Bills will be announced today! Will you be the lucky winner? Stay tuned!
awh thanks girl (: so are you <3
If she had asked me yesterday or this morning maybe even around 1 I would've said yes so I could've gotten my clothes ready.
Jam Session at the Falls tomorrow night! 626 S. Spring St. Downtown LA Come out and jam with us!
and are the greatest people ever!
;) see u on facebook
UCLA=GAY
Its okay. I still havent seen it. Let me know how it is!!
see you sunday RT : Super #fun sesh Palmer Building Hollywood!! #looking+liking <U+F3A7><U+F3A4>
"I'm excited".....like Tebow
m I haven't had that in legit a year.
ron metta whatever is a punk. i feel like he shoulda graduated from UK.
Thanks for the retweet! We can't wait to see your show in September!
Ima hell of a drinker and a bit of a smoker
What may matter to one doesn't always matter to some. But as long as one has their fun then their concerns should be none.
Go go going to my sisters soccer game tonight
good thing you were in Ft. Worth.
Come enjoy our Southern Hospitality!!!
Good morning:)Gretchen,looking smokin in her Red Dress this morning
Stay strong everyday my love :( <3
Do you exist?
Love your site and amazing desgins!
lol o! Ok:} can i have a hint lol
Yes! I agree what you say!
It's like the off-brand Viagra marketers knew I turned 30 or something
i am in the same boat. ugh.
Glad you got it! Had to let you know I was thinking of you. =D
Happy thanksgiving! Nice meal at boudro's on riverwalk wth Nicoleanf now couch for day watching football!
Cool - I have to check out some info on the event. Thanks!
Mother's Day 2morrow show the Mother's u know Some Love
Can't stop sneezing Need more energy How about more sleep Afraid to take pills? www.joinme.cieaura.com feel better.
Someone once said: "There is no private reconciliation with God as long as relationships with men are not right as we can make them."
About to Start My Last Teen Years
#God forgive me but I don't get men who have #titties unless ur #transgender or #crossdressin. Just a thought
Hey girl, text me
Then I will stab you. With a knife.
My savior, he can move the mountains. My God is mighty to save.
Wow, that D is really Tenacious
Client is headed back out to Seattle for another year.
Working on a brochure for Biz Kid$ Real. Just wish I was feeling creative right now!
Read that Dr. Bronner's article too. I like when odd & kooky wins.
Gotta LOVE Luci Boutique! Its awesome! Thanks for the mention! www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
OUT of your TWEETS and INTO the STREETS!
You care? Show it.
Oh christianity, you would, wouldn't you. You would take the one day when your Jesus suffered in agony, and the call it "good Friday."
If Browns are really considering trading up, then they fell into the Vikes' bluff.
For that matter, the English 304 director who mandated the book didn't know about rental option til I showed him.
i'll check it out! thanks for the submission to
wow that is an incredible amount of bad swings
concert... umm hurry up and start
Why do I even check my phone anymore? Never any text messages.
Rhymes too, which is always a win.
Going to Newport, RI to photograph that wonderful port city. Exhibit of photographs at Isherwood Gallery in Newport: September .
Follow my funny BFF because he's dying. Drs diagnosed death by autoerotic asphyxiation in a Marshalls fitting room at 87.
Talk about coming home and jumping right into the fire… all good though.
I heard you found a VEGAN place in the SF Mall Food court-That's the first one I hear of!
Why choose Linton & Assoc? Because we are locally owned & deeply involved with the ever changing needs of New Mexico companies.
: How can one go to sleep following the #KentuckyIndiana game? Wow! // Shoo! I'm worn out, Marc.
Just wrapped up my first MFA class, Literary Editing and Publishing. I'm actually sad to see the semester end.
they always end up hollerin eventually
DM me your contact info and I'll send you a confirmation email for the free commercial class on Wednesday
Celebrate Small Business Saturday! Get a free small two-topping pizza when you buy a large Austin's Original! #ShoppingSmall (11/26 only)
Also wondering at what point I should fire up my central A/C. My thermostat has read 80 degrees the past two days.
I think Britney Spears deserved that award so much.After everything she has been through and the comeback she has made.. WOW
Nosey an messy ass people yall some serious
Break time with over. MOAR COFFEE obtained. Epic work catchup resumed!
Be the snowball, roll to gain mass and speed
I never namedrop but #bass & #guitar players may dig that the legendary Vernon Reid of bought one of my
Haha! I literally need to sell the exact same desk before we move. Where are you guys moving to?
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Had 10 Cookies Someone Asked For One ... Guess How Many Cookies I Have Left ... YUP Thats Right 10
#BullsNation I'm not gonna sugar coat anything here, it's inevitable the playoff run is ending real soon. What changes should be made now?
The SOURCE is very excited to be attending the Addy Awards tomorrow night! Cross your fingers that we win!!
Whoever said that a 19-year old child couldn't exist hasn't met me yet.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.<U+0097> Henry David Thoreau
plating with rose gold today!
#pdxtechies Is there a big data, data analysis, BI meetup or group in Portland? Would be interested in attending.
sweet dreams and pink ice-creams <U+2665>
my ace..
I cried when I baught #Drakes Take Care album!
Sounds amazing! MT : Wine & snacks south of lake. Band on & they sound great
aight donnie im bout to get up outta here.
So hard to focus on school with spring break right around the corner....
that was in my commentators voice ^.^
Chill bro bro lmfao
maybe tweet the stations you're going on & have radio station RT u?
#threehours hurry up. I'm over work.
i really don't care that it's friday the 13th. shut up.
after some googles, the answer became evident: LAMP on VirtualBox.
Why do boys not take care of their kids ? Its more attractive if u take care of ur shit then just leave it. Step up.
“If you can dream it, you can do it. Always remember that this whole thing was started with a dream and a mouse.” Walt Disney
I wish I had a guy bestfriend in real life, I always feel lonely when I see bestfriends.
Vikings released Ryan Longwell.... I knew something was up when they drafted a kicker. Smh
My day
no jerk hahaha just basically in love
My sister officially hates me and wants nothing to do with me, and I can't stop crying.......FML
Oh yeah I'm sure gonna try. I bet might be there too! #pugs rule
get my Thor costume ready
lol I'll make u speak English
Congrats you won 2 tix to the Comedy Show, "Big Bully" which is at the Odd Duck Studio every 3rd Sunday! cc:
Don't get so caught up in busyness that you don't handle your business.
Hell yeah, dirty baby, ghetto girl you drive me crazy..
Thank you!
Great! Appreciate your feedback on the new layout. Have a blessed day. ^staff
Wow, well, enjoy (the weather, not the lugging around of unnecessary rain gear)!
Can Archaeology Contribute To Social Science?
#reasonsicantwaitforHK Mentholatum products are so much better from Asia
nf , follow back (:
right next to you weirdo :) RT where are you!?:o
I've been the nice guy long enough to know it fucks you over in the end.
No :( have extra fun for me though babygrl! show everyone that LADIES are sick music promoters too!
Notre dame for some reason is giving up layups for 3 more seconds and a foul. Stupid
If you're faking it, you're not making it. -
Look at what you could've had, look at what you'll never get!
“Self-sabotage is when we say we want something and then go about making sure it doesn't happen.”
follow me if you think #BOYFRIEND is gonna be the best song EVER!!! i will follow u back
The best place to find a boyfriend is in gamestop.
I hate how style that woulda been called "gay" two years ago suddenly becomes cool just cause someone famous wears it....
Is Rondo the best player on the Celtics? They looked bad without them.
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 13
RT : Remember that marriage is a covenant, not a contract!
Wow. Looking forward to your write up for SI. Always great to see track get great coverage. Enjoy your pieces a lot.
that wasn't even necessary..wtf is you problem?
Yes actually when I listen to the albums they make me feel better about myself and they are saying don't be someone else!!!!
AUSTIN YOUR NUMBER 1 MOST SUBSCRIBED ON KEEK! OUT OF A 100 MOST SUBSCRIBED PEOPLE! #PROUDMOMENT :D
Just saw and met Victoria Moran, author of Main Street Vegan. Promises to be a great read. She was such a great person, too!
Reading "Kellogg on Marketing-2nd Ed." while enjoying a grande vanilla americano
Just started really watching and love it.
What is your favorite race of all time?
Talking to director of Spider-Man this a.m. I know what I want to ask. What would you like to know?
the maine is all over my dash rn i'm going to go into cardiac arrest
You know I just learned that "Smh" stands for "shaking my head"!... Can't keep with txt lango
OMG, I just found some more of those $2 packs of extra long Twizzlers. Heaven.
great show last night!
#reasonsToWorkOut to stay alive longer
Hey, so i'm writing a book about you..i would LOVE to do an interview with you, im half way done PLEASE let me no wut u thin
where and doing ?
I had it on 8.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> I was suppose to get off at 3.. But ended up tryin to race this meathead dude next to me.. Smh
Have you checked out 's music? She was an idol finalist!
That LinkedIn! It has strange rules!
Where they do that at ;
Home Sweet Home:)
Your video made my week- it was so sweet of u and I hope u never stop being a fan of me- I cannot do this without u :)
The rookies , and putting some serious work today.
Just finished a spicy dog from Now ready for upcoming #TED talks this afternoon from both and
Tomorrow is my final day of #teaching for the spring semester
Bo, that's so disappointing!
congrats Mark on an awesome start to 2011. Look forward to seeing you compete in the majors
I'm beginning to curse the fact I have to get up super early
I want to meet One Direction so badly Their music is awesome and they are all cute and funny :)
10 more days till Avengers!!!!! :O
Not sure about Aspirin as cure 2 all known disease but try DayQuil- crikey Bobs it puts hairs on yer chest! Think they changed the receipe?!
Dominos pizza you're my best friend tonight.
damn,got river raped again. i love poker,i think.
Classic Baron-decides-to-play situation tonight vs old team.
Had tix 4 2nites but stayed hm 2 watch my sick cat. :( Will watch on TV if pwr dont go out.
Cross-marketing idea #253: Sell books along with comfy pajamas.
thanks for the heads up!
Need a break from FB;) account deactivated. I miss real world life without social networks;)
LAUNCH DAY!
#PalmBchPowerPartners Breakfast. Come.Get.Grow.Go Todays topic the power of giving. Social Resoponsibility for your business. 8am 4047OkeeBl
It seems hard to do but all you need are connections to the right people and a folder.
Yep, as is U of Houston to coincide with their move from C-USA to the Big East. It can be done. Gotta think big though...
Usain Bolt dumped his girlfriend. Apparently, she couldn't keep up with him. Sorry, it's a running joke.
he is tho! Relatable, blue collar - not to be too cynical but what brand wouldn't want that? Dude is a walking USA apple pie
Have you read the pieces? The headlines are provocative but I don't think the articles are unfair.
So excited for in #NYC!!
I'm starting to see that a lot of your talk is funded by british gas
Love takes its chances and leaves answers that we don't understand.
lol- so, autocorrect on i-phone put two schools on lockdown. I feel better about my texting now. lol
not being able to get out of my queen size bed because its soo cozy and warm is making me late for breakfast
Health care vote coming up - Pelosi talking on C-SPAN - i'm getting excited
Signs of spiritual synchronicity sing softly in the season of silence & in the dark nights...trust the journey, trust yourself, & trust God.
depends on how much Parise wants
Come down & see tomorrow 8-10pm with the Kahlua Snoriders giving away some awesome prizes! Bretton Woods
Why did I pick an 830 class again?
"Worst they can say is 'No'.....then you punch 'em in they got damn face"
I remember this, Wow..truly a CLASSIC!
- Spa-gay-cun. Duh.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That as soon as you think you're important, you're not.
saw bizarre 5-way $1500 each preflop hand, 1 guy all-in, board runs out backdoor spades, j river, guy bets 1500 on river wins AK hi, 77folds
in DC this weekend
do you guys have any beers in stock? Boont, Hop Ottin or Summer Solstice.
Currently listening to: Sayonara - Ganesh on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Nothing like a nice cup of tea to give you that motivation you need for a Friday!
lmao lynn is so scary lmao
Not right BPM RT : Thanks a lot Aaron Rodgers. Now is playing Boyz II Men over the Derby coverage.
RT : A. Lee Martinez () offers up some advice on writing and the importance of voice in a new video blog...
Scooby and Shaggy have terrible traction on their feet
Do you know lots about the iphone world?
A man and his quest for Huitlacoche.
but you're a Mets fan. Who do you think would be the first team relegated?
Twitter is a dangerous thing if your not paying attention to who your texting..... Ugh!
Everybody deserves A second chance . {:
- Thank you for the RT, #Pittsburgh friends!
8 years for us no flaws from uninoc. so you'll now ask "what are flaws"
Thanks! We'll miss the 'hood too.
Titanic is a ship, not a boat. Wrong Barkley wrong
Nice shout-out to our own Matt Kemple (also of ) in the new - check out p. 30!
Check out this very special episode as we announce our top voted 2009 Viewers Choice Award Winners! This Sunday (1/31/10) at 6:00pm on KRON4
Have courage to ask your #business team for feedback on you. Accept it with humility and grace, their perception is your reality.
Mac and cheese from goodtastes, a great way to start your day. It's a local company too....try it , youll love it
RT if you want a follow back!
First sighting. Seth Rogan.
Our next big-seller out this month: Chinapedia. All you need to know about China: 1 book! Enrich Professional Publishing: Eye on New China
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy.
P.S. Ben, wash your hair.
“: Yee! We goin IN! #TeamWeOutChea#” yea bro we getting it in once again!
Thanks to Black Hole for providing coffee at our annual plant sale this year...March 24th!! It's on!
“: As you grow you will outgrow people. For some of you It will hurt, but know that loose ends will stunt your growth..” truth
A big congrats to YOU too!!
"Maybe there's no hope. Maybe some people just aren't meant to be happy."
I'm in biology class for the first time this month smh. I wonder if she notice I was not here?
Excellent #CIO closing keynote #FEDUC by Bill Smith for #GIS as a multi-mission agency #EA architecture & common operating pict
late 70s my 9th grd science teacher returned from a conf and said in 10yrs all classrooms would have a computer
Any new birth to 3 SLP's in the group??
hey everyone down here in TEXAS in so excited for the conceret tonight :D cuz down here we texans go BIG!!!! <3
Book Of Love-Peter Gabriel
Ugh my cousin has this song in which they take the Bittersweet Symphony beat and sing over it. Fucking lame!
Bitch who's shirt chu got on look like somebody wiped they ass wit it #DirtyShirt wearin ass bitch
great meeting you guys last night & !
Shabazz is gonna run that show.
I just watched the #smash season finale. OMG shit got reaal
Our cooler is full and we are ready to assist! Flowers and Fabulous gifts are in abundance! Come see us!
I support same sex marriage. Although my preference is a man with a women
just ordered my #vaccine exemption form. i love texas.
Drinking a daily cup of Tea will surely starve the apothecary. ~Chinese Proverb
Er'body wonna be the Boss
im waiting on you
": you were great!" thanks! I was proud to be in the company of these panelists and this audience.
Why try to set my farts on fire -.-
You can have whatever you're willing to struggle for.
Beck - Orphans - 07:58 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
A gurl wit #NO ass jus look #WEIRD too
I miss u though
Lol lil wayne is gay now??
It will be a great help to many families once it's up and running.
Think I'll hold out for the Flamelight Torch Knife w/acid spew attachment.
And the 12 mile ride home fromthe #mnstatefair begins.
Doctors say I'm the illest cause I'm sufferin from realness
Thanks, it was magical! How have you been?
amazing. i once reviewed a paper for a scientific journal and found an entire introduction section plagiarized.
Wishing everyone a productive Monday!
ughh, so frustrating:/
When life throws you lemons... Make pink lemonade!!
“: "We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality." – Iris Murdoch #LoveScopes <U+2665>”
": why not just make it im a 10? Why make people do unnessesary math?" then people would think I'm cocky duhh
you've got enough on ur own plate...keep ur grubby finers outta mine!
you have swag all you need is a snapback <3
OS X Lion is a pretty terrible release, but the new Mail.app is amazing!
I'm tweeting.
Transformers Remix and Father's Day Custom and Micro Beds are up now!
"Will cocktails pull one through to the end of the season?"- Cecil Beaton. For Portland that would be 'rainy' season.
I was there too! It was a great show
#DCSong RT A few thoughts: Stones: Satisfaction; Fleetwood Mac: Don't Stop; Chuck Berry: back in the U.S.A.
Loving my straight hair this morning, but anxiously waiting to wash it and get those curls back. Appreciating my natural hair today.
Thanks Bro will do.
Book a *STAR* for your next event. Send name, date, city, state, venue, capacity, and budget to
How You Know Mhe Butd Ion Know Ya.,? I Need Some Answers Riight Noww!!!
I like how there's a quill on the button that let's you tweet. I can just imagine with a feather pen and parchment scribing
cam is overrated! 4-8 isn't an amazing quarterback! I'm not impressed.
Need something to do on Saturday? Come to Make Your Own Late Night for crafts and special live performances!
It's the age-old rivalry Packers-Bears....wait, what?
Hey you!
I wish you guys would follow me :)
Apply foundation up 2 ur lash line & pat concealer on inside corners of the eye.Line & mascara top lashes only 2 give the illusion of sleep!
I didn't think a tweet about your shitty android deserved to be shortened
lmao! I'm rubbing off on her! I shoulda lied about the test thing!
twitter is my excuse to talk to myself
Semi-productive day. Time to conclude the week and start another with a little worship at
laying in bed chillin
In a great mood:) woke up and listened to :) <3
I used to live in AZ myself. Miss it desperately, I envy you!
That Beddroc workout plan is no joke!
That's what I was thinking. Appreciate the help. Still tangled up in work as far as you know for the season opener?
That one song that always reminds you of someone from your past<<<<<<
Bagel Bobs killin it right now
When Life Sux lemons add the grain of salt & tequila for the Good life.~ Lisa Morgan
I personally would LOVE to have my dog at work with me!
Not looking forward to the game tonight.
Who is ready for happy hour? We ARE!
Few people are still in it to win it.
Happy 4th of July! Have a great day! BBQ, hang out by the pool, have some cervesas, and watch some fireworks...what a day!
“ if I jut got paid, & ur w/me... theres a 99% chance were getting drunk. The other 1% is me dropping u off homie”
We had a great time last night, what a great lineup of companies! Can't wait to see the video!
My neck hurts from reading too much today. I've scored a reading injury.
Lol Also Amazing :)
I don't know how I feel about being included in this conversation...
“: Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday” I know my kingdom awaits and he's forgiven my mistakes #MyFavorite song
*thinking* hm I want to change my profile pic. *looking through pics* ugly ugly ugly *thinking* wow I suddenly like the one I have.
Athens tonight at Casa with sassafraz! Music starts at ten, $5 cover, good times guaranteed!
RT : If it's a good idea, go ahead and do it. It's much easier to apologize than it is to get permission. Grace Hopper
very interested. I don't have time to do a bucket, but you can check my old facebook page nelballs sports cards and memorabilia.
Feeling the truth of old joke about being a consultant: "You can work partial days! Any 12 hours you want!"
Please vote tomorrow for Born Again Christians and God back in our culture. Your children are going to be the ones who suffer if you don't.
I used to, & I miss it so bad.
Tonight Is On The Beltway For A Party of All Party's KING OF DIAMONDS!!!!!! A B-More Get Ready.....
I wish it was that easy..!
OR...it's just a sad lifestlye :/ hahaha
Me to!
well when are you moving back beech?
get off bish
Ah #2days #FLIGHTSTOATLANTA #Soexcited this is gonna be great :D
have a great weekend Laura! Ever get your new wheels?
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
Don' do it man. STRENGTH!!! RT > : AW DAMN..... GUESS WHAT I WANT?! (IM GOING TO DO THIS THOU)
why you asking all them questions? LMFAO!! Des reminds me so much of they're twins!! love him :D
#Ballard Town Hall: "It hasn't been publicized much, but you will have to pay a toll to use the tunnel" #seamayor ^jh
So apparently Joomla sites are only properly viewed on something other than Internet Explorer now?
RT : Debating the merits of vs. for event ticketing. What have your experiences been like?
The shit dont stop im at the ihop eating big country i got the chicken fried im talkin bout showin my raw naked hide
#KSsynapse Visualizing new protein populations. TimeSTAMP-YFP, attached to your fave protein, irreversibly fluoresces after adding a drug.
New Blog Posted T-shirt Relabeling www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
You'd better be ready for a weekend of epic amazingness. Beach Bodies are out in full force
charmed by the website, not least the "(my boy!)" next to adorno in the readings list. will look forward to seeing whole syllabus!
Obama says we can call this class warfare if we want...well, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck!
Mark Ruffalo, in an apron at Frieze New York: "Have a sausage and stop hydro-fracking! I'm here to feed the 1%!"
Damn im tired af. Idk why.
Happy birthday babe. xx (:
.....don't worry about deleting people out of your life. They pretty much do that themselves!
Gary Carter?
following up my previous post, "husband" does have another meaning in British English. uh.... never forget about a dictionary.
Dear me, if you ever leave the house again wearing one brown shoe and one black shoe, I'm going to be very disappointed.
So I guess Bitches don't have nothing better to do but talk about me on Twitter .
you were FAB on Howard last week. But he kept cutting you off! You sounded like you had SO much more to say! XO
Best questions on debates so far
its going down tonite! #PhlirtyFridays, then tomorrow nite, come party with !!!
RT Bitches get extra, niggas get desperate.
Playing Sweetwater 420 next Saturday at 12:30-1:10. Please come out and support us at a really cool festival!
Haha :) Well, kids see their favorite adults as tissues!
Who put ice cream in the microwave
this is the story of a girl, who cried a river and drowned the whole world
#Noisy_Library today: Admissions Open House from 4 to 7. We always get compliments on our library during this event.
Today's soup is Creamy Tomato and Garlic.
#Diabetes New Drug Boosts ‘Good’ Cholesterol </t experimental pill that boosts levels of "good" HDL cholesterol produced encouraging result
oh kool :) um same here good !! You got the same numbah ?? ")
Finishing the WP blog today
Homework: Record 10 seconds of myself singing into a piece of housewear, write about drugs, and make a spotify account. Is this real life?
Hey everyone, go google #NDAA indefinite detention!
Sitting front row of a game next to Hell yeah!!
Dense fog adv for SE WI except Sheboygan & Fond du Lac Co. until noon today. Right now vis > 1 mile in most locations. Weekend looks nice!!
It's not as dark as it was, but it's not as bright as its gonna be!
The anwer is "It's Etsy". About 15 people got the answer right!
With the current state of the #market, investors should look for income opportunities in their current portfolio
Dad's Golf for Free on Father's Day!
Thank you! We appreciate it.
there is two weeks to get 139 more followers help us get to 1000!!
following those who follow me
“: Happy birthday die girl! Haha ” haha I can't believe you still call me that.. thanks Brandon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm hearing things outside
when I get my liscence, sure which will be September
like on that pass? he's not a good passer on the run, for one thing. they wouldnt have to make amazing grabs if he e
Daylight savings time begins March 11 at 2AM. Remember, set your clock forward 1 hour.
Feel like shit..
me too dat ish got a funny taste to it lol
up early where? 1:10 here on the east coast.
The chicken is roasting...
Yeah Tea Partiers - name-calling makes moderates support their oh-so righteous cause!! ::sigh::
I really can't wait until June 12th ThaAlumni
you got 99 problems? #yikes get ur life together
all depends on local politics. Some on my dept T&p used them against (date on my digital archive was "old")
We pour all of our energy and time into other people and into accumulating things in hopes that happiness (sustainable) will flow from them
you just stop texting me like it's all good doe. Lol jk
thanks for the props! You made my day
BRADLEY-HUGHES REASON #10: Our Mick Chair
Right on. See you soon.
It would be nice to have a HAPPY Drew Brees to help Mr. Benson recruit.
Stories and storytelling = hot topics at
nope just no ones playing at the moment
Watching "Fringe" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Thanks brother GP! RT : Congratulation to BIG BAD Step team! Heard the good news
i would cry if i had to goto bed at 10pm forcefully lol
omg that's a beautiful pic!!
AUgust 2. Yuppers. Watch out world!
RT A8e Nothing worse then a biz with terrific website yet led 2 FB & tabs that go nowhere
Research clearly shows a strong correlation between effective brand social media delivery & consistent improvement in paid search results.
ordered me a slice of though demand has been huge so I might not get to play with it until May
thanks for following us, Ryan!
I'm doing great - I've been buried by work lately, but it's all good. How about you?
i will concede the lower seed rarely ever advances in wbb i dislike that.
Delmont man conquers Straight of Gibraltar swim - Chicago Tribune
if you were to walk in a room...what would you want your theme song to be?
It's time to do a little work on my own website. Easy to think about, tough to get started.
Justin' time to see Justin Townes Earle.
just go up there and beat some ass
yup! through great fortune, i stumbled on the scene about 15 minutes after it happened.
East back!!!
Austin announced that he is single, AUSTIN MY BEDROOM IS THIS WAY -->
Using a color I mixed from a previous painting to mix a new color for a current painting. Drawing strength from my ancestors.
not really, just too much on my mind last night, couldn't turn my brain off once in bed
Playing century for the 4th time today #leggo!!!!!!!!!!!
#RObotz you're watching #TheMoniqueShow tonight on BET right? Support and tune in!
I'm so tired and had a rough morning
going to miss you lady
Nah. Clippers > Lakers. Just excited that LA teams are kicking ass.
: ELVIS "That's Alright Momma"
It will happen. I just have too much energy focused on my industry that love.
Im suprised that Philly got rid of their mascot
Brotherhood is much better then I expected
#nyapd #f2fconf #artsed pd for arts educators should NOT talk down to the educators and should NOT have disengaged facilitators
RT : Haven't had Mexican food all week, going through withdrawals! Bout to get that treated now though!
what do u be talking about
I do hate The Miami Heat. I do! I do!
it's like.. if you "like" someone's status on FB. you just retweet it instead of liking it i guess.
like I said either way! I hope it's not a repeat of last Monday! Haha !
For real, for real, i cant figure mine out.lol RT : What's good with the insta watchers with no pics just following !
You have to find happiness in yourself before you can find it with someone
NYC Joe Allen's theater vibe, eggs for dinner and meatloaf followed by The View @ top of MMarquis must-do.
Good morning! Good morning! Haha jk I don't wake up this early, that's silly, just woke up to pee, back to my dream I go! : P
With Associate ranks become leaner, and > attention on unbillable time, there is greater need for outsourced content dev
But of course Lauren will be a bridesmaid! :)
what tea is that?
vas happening Lisa
If you're trying to sell me a newspaper on the street, sounding like you DON'T hate your life would be a good start.
No matter how bad things are for you, it could always be worse. Just thank God each day that its not.
It serves ALL needs! I don't need a 4pm overhaul but fluff it's IDEAL! Go with what makes sense in your line of work!!!!!
NICE! My spidey-sense (aka Google alert) hadn't pinged me yet, lol.
Say that.
sharing California People. Project comes up every month or so. Thx for shifting the field, Oakland.
Hello world
Peyton Manning going to Denver. Broncos trying to trade Tebow.
There's a joke in the new about YA book titles being restricted to one word, but it's really true.
same to you, ; critical educators need to occupy everywhere including twitter :)
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
Is Whole #Foods moving away from Fra'mani to Creminelli Salami? Tasted Creminelli Sopressa & Felino and both were very flavorful.
Aging Resident of Wealthy Exurb Shot Dead In Own Home; World Rejoices
All good points, especially your last. Good luck.
Thanks, Stace! Hope you are having a great Thursday.
Didn't know Big Dave decided to get a movie theater at the house.
Need a new phone line, Broadband service, Business mobile or Phone system? The only number you need is: 0844 880 2010 Globalnet Telecom.
Updating the new Ultimate Soccer Coaching website
First 2 songs on the radio this morning: Metallica's "Sandman" & Alanis Morissette's "You Oughta Know". What a start to a lovely Easter day
Talking about crocop and when Dos Caras Jr. (del rio) Fought him. Also praises him for his personality.
Haha, it's okay, I'm eating Skittles right now :3
#GameofThrones marathon = best lazy Sunday ever
haha where are you?
Like: sitting under a juniper tree.
that INCLUDES YOU, missy!
Landed a job w/ CompuGain Corporation. My title is Sr. Talent Acquisition Recruiter. Will be on the hunt for Mortgage industry professionals
Lol, i would've freaked out if i saw that!
#Fringe is brilliant BEYOND DESCRIPTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Print collateral is the #nonprofit security blanket.Put the paper down, pick up the phone,call a
I bet you hate every man that you date, and you're probably addicted to all kinds of escape.
I'm also severely lacking I'm giallo knowledge, but the secret seems to be fun/interesting side characters
I hope it happens.That would be great! We should have done that more when Planet Ron was here...
Less than 24 hours until puerto Rico
#JustCause futures flow is slow dont mean he suck rapping
idk still looking
yeah :) and what stuff?
I cant wait til I turn 18 im getting a DNA test x trust feelings will be hurt
I do not approve nor do I like the ending of tonights show !!! this creative idea sucks !!
I've definitely lost a step
Builders: put tech to work for your Field Managers on the job-site (not in the trailer): award-winning, cross platform #FieldConnect Mobile!
its self serving. :)
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom in the world, my bestfriend Ms. Rita D. Jackson:)# love u mom!!
Tomorrow, CBS Radio Theater, 6:00pm AM970, or listen live at 970.am. Sexy.
Come and see us for Halloween. If you come in full costume, get a free mini cupcake. See you here.
Happy #Halloween everyone! What are your Halloween plans?
thanks so much to the awesome folks at - it was great talking about ux and virtual reference!
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas.
go to the watch party tomorrow night. is hosting.
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
been a lil slo motion w/ school, but i should have sum items up nxt week
in other words it means #proudhabesha lol :)
The holidays are right around the corner and we all have so much on our minds! What are some methods you use to remember to take your meds?
I don't hear much about South Baltimore or North, but I sure hear about Northeast or SoWeBo.
#HappyPatriotsDay & #MarathonMonday to all my friends in #Boston! And, of course, Go #RedSox!!!
"TheMelancoholic:he's pretty cool...for an old man. ;]" you are missing out on all the fun Listening now with
this is seriously the best day ever.
Sorry you got hacked. :( I don't follow links in DMs unless I ask for them anyway, so no harm done. :)
: The people must take over the military and use its resources for education, enlightenment and healthcare. Shared via TweetCaster
hello missy!! How's your day going? :)
Multi-Use Facility ! Great People Great Music Great Experience!.. Soul Asylum Studios!
thanks Nate! Happy Valentines day!
She's talking about an agenda that everyone sees before the meeting starts so that everyone is on the same page. It works
want to solve a dropout rate than all things must be looked at in....
Look out of the window. I hope the streets are clean..it costs about $4.50 a year for every man, woman & child to keep streets clean. [1944]
I just saw the news article says NOAH'S ARK MAY FOUND in TURKEY????? OMG!
SOY HOMBRE
Rt ": #HowCanYouExpect me to respect you if you don't even respect yourself? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>"
please Justin can u follow me???
90 mins of questions this AM w/fellow panelists Sandy Hillman & John Maroon. No surprise: all were about social/online media.
struggled so hard today still am
"I need a clear picture of the impact of these budget cuts" -Paula Noonan 's board meeting. (We must paint this picture to everyone)
#Romney #Bain NOT a surprise! I doubt he hired many! He came in 2clean house 4 more$!
Tagging on your teacher's white board n turning around to say "look ima artist" like a 5year old :D
i know chad i told that to you.
Med-check than home!
thanks Clare :)
Which dept?
"Without strategy, execution is aimless. Without execution, strategy is useless."
Thanks! I def LOVE my job. Ironically, we currently do not have any board members from government but are looking
Ahh, Peace Orchestra, long time no see! I know, it's been more than 10 years. I am old now.
Tried to wrestle tonight.. Ended up breaking her in half :-|
I just brushed my dog's teeth and filed his nails. Obviously, shit is getting crazy over here.
I SO LOVE UR MERCHANDISE. SUPER COOL!
Follow me on instagram
i have no comment for you
*shoots Trevor's dick off*
ill let u kno
are the Cleveland bananas in the mooveee ?!?!?
How important do you think is innovation & research in the #Indian #education sector?
It will run in special golf tab publication of the Daily Journal newspaper later this month. DJ is a pub on south side of Indy
Pay No Respect - Intro + Side By Side
where are you guys?
dee is killing us
#erl12 it is hopes at GOkb will help drive the use of identifiers by all in the information chain
RT : A #Cancer covers its sensitive heart with a hard protective cover and only a few people can access it.
. Anderson Cooper's giggle is contagious!
i really need to get new music in this ipod it sucks!
Too much time is spent complaining about the things that aren't ours, the life we don't live, and the people we don't have
Man...still so bummed about Pujols. “: Albert Pujols and Ichiro! came up the same year. Pujols has fewer strikeouts.”
Happy birthday you can legal drink for the second time
Pls 4low me 4 we a Feature Film Produxion Business Proposal about a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR
I was trying to find the Ten Pin Tap or Kelly's.
those damn milkshakes. My yard is never full anymore
Had a blast! Always do. Nothing like catching up with great friends.
S/O to keep doing your thing Ms. Hudson!
practice tonight to get ready play a show TOMORROW. FO FREE! Its at Station 4. We want to see all your beautiful faces there. check the FB!
"The time is right to be bold in education." - our trustee, Michael Saylor, at today's College Affordability and Innovation Roundtable
I'm really missing the northern kentucky area a lot today.
RT : Collaboration breeds success. Reinforce among your team that everyone has valuable information to share. Disney-Way
love the redesign! looks awesome! :)
Today 1972: George Carlin arrested at Milwaukee's Summerfest after performing his "7 Words You Can't Say on TV." Or in Milwaukee, it seems.
Tonight it all goes down at Aurora! Alley Boy will be performing live!! Doors open at 9p & close at 2a! Dj Sir RJ on the 1's&2's! Me and...
May Day Public Hearing on West Berkeley Developments (News Analysis) - Berkeley Daily Planet
Someone told me yesterday how she hurt her back the first time w/pilates. We had long conversation about total core.
So, it's only 11:42am and I'm already thinking about drinking a whiskey old-fashioned sour later tonight...
OMG IM DYING !!!! DANIELLE AN LIAM ARE 2FREAKING HOURS AWAY FROM ME!!!!!!!
Using most of Sarah's words, though!!!
Saving money? Sorry, I'm not familiar with that concept.
well I have been waiting to go for a few weeks,
I need some new females in my life on the real
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
Some of these Housewives are really giving Americans a bad name! Stay in the States if you have no class! And Kandi is being messy...
This year codes will be on kids' art and will lead to vids of them talking about the artist that inspired them.
time for a coffee break!! awesome weather
A food writer I like made this analogy once. When she thought of food as body fuel, it was about feeding it only foods that
RT : Gonna catch the Portland Beavers at PGE Park tonight. Not many games left in that ballpark...
Will do!
Watching My So Called Life. Damn, Jordan Catalano gives good flannel.
The Cardinals have scored the second most most runs in the Majors this year and given up the second fewest. Best team in baseball?
The Tim Burton exhibit is sold out... Again! We shall catch a show instead.
Don't forget about the 'Thought At Work' meeting tomorrow at 3:00 PM. Donuts will be provided. Yum!
If it's true You can see it with your eyes Even in the dark
Chilling. Looking at the sexy ass avi of yours lol.
chin up bud. I'm sure there is :-)
Got hooked to (: Me siguen?(; son lo mejor(:
well his old hair hahah
During finals all my heathy eating habits go out the window. :(
-____- nothing today either <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
2.5 hours and four pages. Not bad.
Did OK in NBA & did well at Air Force. Colorado was a mess when Bzdelik replaced Riccardo Patton. They're competitive now.
great! #asppa is a wonderful group. How did you get that opportunity?
hahah maybe thats cuz im a crazy/scary person with amazing ninja skills XD
But fuck that, I'm gonna sing with
bout to change my pic
Pretty sweet kicks
Just leaving the office. Thank you world events.
RT : “God is the strength of my heart.” Psalm 73:26
I learned a trick. On your remote, press "Stop", then press "stop" again and then press "play" it starts your movie.
I needed this today for motivation. Thank you!!!
BTW that means Shirley Horton, Mary Salas, John McCann, Jerry Rindone, etc. All #chulavista polz who want back on the council!
There is no safe container to put your personal values while you're at work. Live them at work or the damage will spill to life outside
u always confusing me anout which boy u talkn bout PLEASEE be specific
schools out for summer!!!!
you working big 10 today?
In Life. . . We get Stronger by wanting to protect the person we loved the most
+1 - That's a cute little turd!
Yep, my whole upper back is now a glowing pink color.
My lil bro done forgot about me!!
It's locked in. Sunday night I'm meeting with some of the crew.
why is it that you have to so busy minding my business? got nothing to do ah?.
That was no secret. LOTS of retirees were doing it and Davis talked about it openly.
I love Book Lantern; keep up the good work!
I really can't wait to see #magicmike. you rock!
Pictures from the CHAMPS Convention in Vegas coming soon!
The Owl Bar is open rain or shine! This building's made it through 108 years of earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, and floods and stands tall!
ha!! not much wbu?
Late arrival into Memphis
hahaha you craze .. Text me breh
I was wondering if we have a mild winter does that mean we will get more or less tornados this year? They scare me bad
Drinking IPA like home brew this evening. Not bad!
I can't wait for the flashback bridge scene asidhfgodfg and omg we've had so many breaks why does it have to go on a long one
Hm I wonder what I got for CHRISTMAS•____•
mystery numbers, interesting
“: Just got my ass kicked by sparring Friday night! F***ing awesome! ” <
Perhaps not Down Under, but the linked article talks about International students and USA.
The Organic Farming Conference in LaCrosse was awesome. 3000+ innovative, open-minded, farmer- entrepreneurs all in one place. Wow.
Watching Dance moms...Copying a costume and type of dance on purpose? Yeah, that's shady! RT if you agree.
My Stomach is very mad at me right now of all I ate-- :/
DAVE U DUH SQUEALA
I am so pleased to let all of you know my book co written with Carl Gottlieb ( Jaws, The Jerk, Dr. Detroit) has been sold. It is a workbook…
#smwcampaign: says "You have to engage the Twitterverse on the Twitterverse's own terms" - interesting, provocative, not partisan
The Galaxy S3 has a barometer? Do you mean it will make me fancy coffee?
torn inbetween the two
Q3 any a/v software would be good... i think having a tech nigh drop in to show patrons what we have would be helpful!
should i get car from airport or not?????????
idgaf? just don't tweet about other people when you hated Sydney Wolfer and Megan South two weeks ago and talk to them now?
This doesn't surprise me....
Wow, what a day at #EdCampColumbus! Thank you so much for all of your support, passion, and desire for change. Can't wait for ECC 2013!!
If the shoe fits it's for a reason, bitch.
MUST MUST for the show
Stop sending me hacker spam !!!! lmao Ily
Something something as simply as me hearing your name puts me puts me in a place that I cant even explain
Now my name is MCA, I got a license to kill I think you know what time it is, it's time to get ill...
"Unfinished Business" = everything is better all of a sudden
Chicago day trip with the fam...
Fashion Fix charity fashion show; Chic Society at L2 Lounge in Georgetown on October 22, 2011.
Play ball!
ya ya, spoken like a true
We had 50+ tonight great ride! At J. Mango'snow for tall bikes!
Yu Yu Hakusho was a raw ass show dude!
LOL, I'd take care of your whole family. Getting you up out of there to take care of thousands... LOL
Enjoyed Mother's Day brunch at the Green Lantern with my mama and fam.
Who is sure of their own motives can in confidence advance or retreat | Johann Von Goethe
Nothing beats a messy food fight! Tomato season in Valencia?
thanks for great Symposium and the gorgeous weather in CoSpgs. Fall colors are spectacular. Headed home to Orlando
i know fool, tell her to get up! Jkayz
Thanks to Audrey Cheng Salick for pointing out the error on my personal profile page - the link works now! Wa hoo!
who would u like to replace him I would like franzkie
- Should we put U on media VIP list 2 cover Shoot To Cure event fri nite @ Chargers Park? Pls DM ur email addy.
What are you #thankful for today? thankful for my first cup of #coffee so far today...
Changed my mind on this diet til january !!!
GM :), Happy Tuesday..
Mickelson, that is. Oh, the "c" is silent?
can you please hook up a soldier with some tickets, please.
I can't send you a message my twitter is acting up :(
Really glad to be going home!
Are You Crazy ? Meek Mill < 2 Chainz And That My Friend Is The Truth !
Thanks-- impressive!
Awesome! Having a daughter is the best.
Sam need to lay off the method
even for wildcard cities?
I'm not a star somebody lied..
me too(:
Africa by Toto is on ... and I couldn't be happier.
nice...just got another job interview... should have two web programming job interviews to kick off Jan 2012
Who the fuck is this person??? And y do they keep calling me!!!!
Where do you go when your lost?.... To God(:
I miss you too boo!!!
My eyes are 3/4 closed n I can still see thru u!¡!
If it's any thing like Dolphy Day prepare yourself
Glad to have such a wonderful cause following! Pls be sure to check out for all of your mktg, adv, pr & design needs.
4575 from 30k in the main... Ready for the challenge.
haha caught me
#Ginkgo has been used in traditional medicine to treat #circulatory disorders and enhance memory.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
C'mon Union Rags
You should so follow ! Trust me, you won't regret it!
Any fun plans this weekend?
Shout out to my nigga Sqwilliam
my weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> > your weekend.
Uh oh...what's wrong? *hugs*
Gotta see that "Snow White & the Huntsman" & a few other movies this summer ... These trailers look too official!
finished my paper, now on to my exam
RT : All guys should learn from Mario Bros. No matter how far their princess is, they should go after her.
That's the motto RT What i need a shirt 4 like what i need this shirt 4?
Favorite "essay" of sorts concerning #whitneyhouston exists via through Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
I love my green sticky females & busty custies
Pizza #bestfoodever :D
looks like i'm going to mesa next semester
RT : Where can I find some good music and a live band?<< Baby!!!!!!!!!!!
MyTennesseeChristmas.com is the only site you need to get all your Tennessee Holiday info!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TABITHA ROSE STOREY!!<3i love you to death and I'm so happy you've been my bestfriend since we were 4<3(:
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day.
Good luck Coach, you'll certainly be missed in Tar Heel Nation!
#vaumc11 "You Are Mine" one of my favs. Good job Drew and congrats all ordinands!
ok sumbody tell B to just go to bed!!!
Wishing was with us 2nite and too.
hell yea bout time lol
Cannot believe the outpour of love and support from our followers. Thanks to everyone. Fully back in the saddle on Monday!
hello robert! Thx for the follow!
Just downloaded your app!
i followed
You believing this game??? I've been waiting for Clemmy since game 1. Cats are rockin!
I love how I've managed to bs today at the
Ugh, drama is my least favourite thing ever. Hang in there!
I watched Paul last night with my wife. So funny. If you haven't seen it. Check it out
Fellas dont bring yo lady to a functions , That time is set aside to enjoy with. #YouaskingForTrouble. lol
For anyone else who loved Sofia, so, so sorry to bring such awful news. Am beyond gutted, still in absolute shock.
what if its your ghost?! ._______.
is #facebook actually down??
Huntsman: "We pay a huge price for our wars in the Middle East"
Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
Sprained elbow, well isn't that just awesome. :(
Has anyone else discovered the LyricPlay option in #Shazam? Holy cow, that is COOL!
now following my future son-n-law!!!
take dis shower n take my black ass to sleep to much fun for da night hit a ninja.
Pea under matress, sleep horribly. Pistol under pillow, sleep wonderfully.
Can not wait to play more Skyward Sword.
oh no I meant ur gonna take me with you. LOL JK XD
#Awake is now dead ... had potential but procedural aspect was too redundant and answers about crash hard to come by
oh mee. that was supposed to be excited. ah. what day do you think would be a good movie day for youu? (::
aw you rock!!! Thank you!!
16 days until the journey to PDX. I will be annoyingly posting an update every few days. Prepare for glory!
How come it's ok for a girl to call herself fat but when you do its WRONG!!
What a stud, big pimpin right there.
What was your username before? Maybe i'll remember! aha
Good thing I haven't even started my homework
Dylan's blog is done. Now I can go to sleep(: goodnight
In class, we're answering quiz questions out loud and gambling the time class ends. In the end, we managed to knock off 45 minutes.
Has anyone done the running club? I think I'm gonna sign up for the summer one ...
That would be you. RT : And who did have the correct answer?!
I think you boys should start signing your tweets so we know whos tweeting :)
following 969 people right now..who wants a follow?:) Anyone? :D
And Delaware becomes the 16th medical marijuana state! State's rights!
Nineteen Million Monsters is trending worldwide! RT if you're one of them!
thanks Janis!!! Birmingham!!!!
MONA App is called the O - guess what it stands for..
Thnx 4 the #WW mention Vince! Have a great rest of the week & stay productive!
That's how you do a promo...
ProLogis CEO on Fox: "Our customers are expanding and we're beginning to build in the US."
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 28
The Sam's Club Road show is moving along! I'm so excited our toffee is such a big hit!
Tina Yothers is nasty even by 80s standards.
God Bless Whitney Houston and her family! Such a beauty! RIP
Inglourious Bastards + Bowie + In Your Eyes = #bestlovesong + epically awesome gore + comic timing. I'm the girl who dies in the end.
-- see you tonight!
I should really focus on my acting classes ...but I really want to get back into MMA
Neal is going to sign the first 200 instead of 100 as a thank you for waiting. We will have new plans for future special offers!
Is everyone positive that he wasn't at some LA party with someone? I dunno, it just bothers me.
can som1 explain to mee what draw something is? some sort of game??
I lived in a particular slice of SE Portland for 6 years and will happily give up its secrets.
Fresh Bistro is now serving brunch, check out our International inspired brunch 9am-3pm weekends
In the end what NEEDS to happen is the league needs to make guys wear new helmets and give insurance to retired players.
Anything for you my friend! xoxo <U+2665>
Tie game in Miami - eat your words, my friend!
Adventure Time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>
It's gonna be quite a day, finishing a magazine deadline, then flying off tonight right afterwards for 5 days!
i see you doing your thing keep it up you got some hot records on your mixtape maybe we can colab 1 day
Join the crowd
what do u think of NYG chances this Sun vs Pack? Hate playing a desperate team espec at their house.
<U+2665> Can't wait for that summer love <U+2665>
I'm halfway through the work day and already looking forward to the adventures this weekend will bring!!!
With a sub - you dont do anything in class use phones listen To music Assistant pricipal walks in ... Everyone acts good and pretend to work
is there a video? i cant see it
Taking the day off to finish recovering from that demolition job, work on these NYC punk covers for The Roxy Suicide, esp. a P. Smith tune.
That's my fear. Maybe I will introduce Prezi earlier in the Unit and let them play with it. Thanks for the input!
Super. More injuries... RT Rondo's right hand has to be bother him. He tried to complete that drive with just his left.
Sounds real good right now I want some green tea and cookies & cream mochi ice cream m..
at the #Walmart on 620 near 2222 you go to the left of the store where all their beach/summer stuff is
Today is a new day. Although I miss you, I can't let that stop me.
I failed that bitch twice
Nothing like walking into a Walgreens and it's playing "You are so beautiful..." Where's the cosmetics aisle?
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear."
agreed! A definite must buy
Ready for a nap. :-P
Work hard and it will prove to be the best decision you've ever made
I hate when I can't get a hold of my mom when I have news to share
And this end did not go the right way. Le sigh
Should I spit every time I see a Black Cat?
Im been up to nothing. I got to get a job and get my own shit cause my moms and shit dont want me so yeah Forced to grow up Faster.
HRID some late day volume...
I saw buying a pack of mentos the other day, you should trick him before he tricks you
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back? K,cool I'll take 30.
RT : Facebook statuses are just Twitter fanfic. Concurred.
Dirty's Laundry is once again a store! DirtysLaundry.etsy.com! Few items up now, new ones to be added everyday.
3am was early but worth it. Been with Oscar for the last few hours & just got back to House of Hope after taking kids to school
You're welcome!
justinbieber killed the drums yerterday :) that so raw :) check it out it's awsome
if you dont know me .. why are you judging me .
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: N’Keil Nelson °Rising 8th Spokane, WA °Travel Team: Spokane Select Warriors °Point Guard 6’0
oh thanks
Very limited time frame to get your Let's Golf Wisconsin golf coupon booklet - $850 worth of coupons for just $12 on www.crowdclick.com!
love when your waiting for the text that never sends.
Bring the dishes into the tub with you.
My bestfriend is a ass ! .
Omigosh, me too! lol! RT Being a football fan is hard. I get way too worked up and stressed
The people you see at gas stations after 11 pm blows my mind. These creatures wait until night falls before leaving the nest.
the bridges are crumbled, the water soaks iiiiintooo rocks <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
what are you doing today??.. I hope plan on following me back:) #makemyday #iloveyou #followback #yourcool ;D
When I walk pass a girl I mind rape her
yeahh I'm really sick I was at school for 2 classes but I went home
The fact that today is the nicest day of the year so far, has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that I'm taking today off.
Went to Borders closing sale today, spent much quality time and money there over the years. Wonder what if anything will rise in its place.
haha boy am I THIRSTY!
Man, I really want to see the sun today! Seriously!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 17
it ends just that quick
And so the #laflood comes to a close, for now, unless you keep tweeting about it! ;-)
We did! Thanks a bunch to both of you!
yes I'll be in touch soon, and get back in the game when baseball seems to work itself out. Red Sox yesterday, wow! Haha
I might just come by there!! Can I like request you?
Remember today it is not man's capacity to suffer that is admirable, but rather his capacity to endure and overcome.
Why do I have to work today??? I want to be just chill saturday and watch my #ArizonaWildcats win that championship trophy :)
Give me a call if you're hunting for some GREAT, PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT TALENT! *312-616-7974*
dude stop tweeting on travel problems, this is like the best day for America in a long time
I'm very awkwardly sunburned.
I was wondering that too. I best get on it.
Hello Chris. Welcome!!
It is folly to assume my awesome lies dormant
we love u justin ur the best. #BieberSwag4ever~Hailey and Kailey (p.s were ur biggest fans. we are 12)
Orange and Blue night! #GoMets and #GoKnicks!
Now you can open two six packs at once!
AND i cant belive is following our fan account holy cowww....
Oh I wish you did! Yeah those are the moments u wish u had superpowers!
No smurf left behind
hmm.. One song is a hard rock song, and the bands name is the same as a car... The other song is a pop song on the radio now..
To be honest, not to sound weird, but I kinda feel lucky talking to the only person she favorited.
Lee you suck!
"Design As Education" .. as I suspected, Design Thinking angle .. growing creative capacity; very cool
Biggest pet peeves.... always typing "the" like "teh" and two CAps in a row! UGH!! This bums me out as I fly across the keys!
But back to "why you gotta," etc. I have a three-strike rule. If you act like a jerk in your blog three times, you've lost me.
I'm giggling because tweeted me back AGAIN. *claps hands and skips like little schoolgirl*
Just you and me, watching the sunset.
Staying home and hanging out with the brother tonight. Well at least until gets home..
that's real!? Damn
Math tutor wanted ASP. For statistics&probability!!
:: It's a day to sit on a patio with a Spotted Cow. Instead, I'll be in a climate controlled studio with for Live/4. Join us!
Great day looking at houses. A very promising prospect! Really hope it all works out.
I'm sorry for laughing all I hear is bullshit!
Bud is just on twitter entirely too much! This is foolish
From Rob (5am): A cloudy Monday with a few showers. High:64 Drier later this week.
I don't think I am who you think I am. I can actually write paragraphs that contain more than one sentence.
Jamar Rogers and Katrina Parker are basically amazing
I feel content.
RT : I wrote this song along time ago << a real long time ago...FEEL ME! lol
happy halloween. my first treat is 37 followers, im getting far on this twitter thang...
The pleasure is mine. Next time you want to see a show, be sure to check Do414 for a chance to win free tickets!
Love the work you do. Perhaps in the future I will be able to interview you live on the Queen Esther Speak radio show.
My mom has optic neuritis but not MS. She's completely blind in her right eye.
Tired of the birds I need an eagle in my life.
Sometimes I wrestle with my demons. Sometimes we just snuggle. ;)
Poison Peach Film Festival SATURDAY!!!
On my way to the airport, going home to the sun!
up, up and away
I suspect people will smile beningly at my AA mtg this evening doing little donating to a charity.
YAY Thank U what I win?
RT Gotta love the perks on RadioShack-Nissan-Trek! Now its off to bed - last day of camp tomorrow...
I love how in almost all movies there's that one part where they start playing epic opera type music . (:
Rick Santorum? Didn't he lose re-election to the senate?
Per : "If this is the future (add any dystopian future here), I'm rooting for the zombies."
Andrew Willinger JUST misses a HR, but his double scores a run and St. X has tying run 90 feet away. McCormick bats for Tigers w/ no outs.
Sprint gay as fuck!!
torn rotator cuff for Narvy?...15 days???..more like year ending...
My last retweet >>>
At least the Badgers showed up to play tonight - same cannot be said of Michigan State. Pathetic effort
UEFA is corrupt. Bussaca has officiated 30 games w/ Spanish teams, 23 wins, 7 draws, 0 losses. SHAM
and happy new years from all of us over at AEMMP RECORDS.
Yeah I've seen yours. I didn't think you had it but I didn't think it hurt to ask
Thinkin bout snatchin a g shock watch up
Skrillex on the deck - dance party at my house.
Welcome to the future
m #bacon!
I'm low key tryna wake some coochie up though.
I'm hungry, tired, annoyed, frustrated, everything!
Bogota has 18 mile bike ped trail accessing city. Transforms lives.
you are welcome! I consider you a very special and talented person!
AnglersHunters will be at the Detroit Fishing Show on January 8th and 9th
you arent down there are you hanna???
Got my Daylite upgraded and working on my new Mac. Awesome contact database and great tech support.
it's a depressing cesspool up in here. He is a good helper. We love him.
Thanks, Kay...
Gameday. Beat Kentucky.
my phone is dead i'll see if i can find my charger
get back on the juice bro, or just ice your arm like a normal person lol
AMERICAS GOT TALENT. YES<3.
someone is cheerful?
25 sitting on 25 bills. All ones
I am a moron. Can someone please explain to me how to put a link in my tweet?
In Music Meeting One Eskimo “Kandi” this has a very BRAD like quality it’s nice Nate says James Blunt, Tom slugged him
With Woodson's success with the Knicks, my money's on Vinny Del Negro getting canned any minute now. Nate McMillan possible replacement.
You was working that dance!
Baby decided today wasn't the day to make his grand entrance into the world.
Gonna go take a loong nap. Don't wake me up
haha I just had my phone turned back on. I went missing. I'll send it tomorrow
How come I always suspect an intervention when I walk into a quiet room
Is the trade value for #Tebow still sitting at a 5th Rnd pick? I think #Broncos would be better putting him on #eBay .
Today's my birthday(: I hope youre having fun in Miami(;
Getting ready for school
we don't have any openings at the moment, but we'll post online if we do.
Say hello to Seitan for me!
oh my
savanna's tumblr is my favorite
where do you want to go?
Welcome to team. We are excited to have you join us!
We received your email. Our apologies for the delayed response. You will be receiving an email response from us later today
like I said, Lebron played the whole 2nd half
So. Much. Foucault. Blah blah blah blah discourse, blah blah blah power.
I *will* get to next week and get my diploma. I must.
EW I am not liking Jingjing right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
$2 off Hangar One all night long!! Come down for a delicious cocktail and enjoy the night while the weather's still nice!
okay i was a little too excited with my last post "#womaninblack is terrifying i watched it all through the crack in my fingers >.<
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> “Dance like no one's watchin, #DJ like the whole world's listening.” RT
#BackWhenIWasAKid we had many different kinds of tag. Regular, flash lite, freeze, and toilet. Yes when you were tagged you had to squat hah
We R a webshow that broadcasts live online and we are interested in interviewing some of the contestants & a AI correspondent
Thx and for hosting a great chat.
that looks awesome. You gonna be back in time for the #HealthData palooza?
Hi! If you both make it down here for fun one day, would love to hang out. Travel safe!
sometimes I forget to breathe
"Can't a young nigga get money anymore"
“: I have one friend who can turn ANYTHING into something sexual.”that would be me
You guys should make a 'Vas Happenin' bracelet.Just saying~ All of you guys sign it&send me 1 so my best friend can fangirl lol
thanks for coming out and taking an interest. We'll see you next week
Girl I been looking for you. Holla!
So upset I can't be at #BallontheMall tonight! Hope team is enjoying this huge event!
Yankees' Pettitte to pitch Sunday vs. Mariners (The SportsXchange)
Our benefactor Michele bid on you and won! She will connect with you very soon. Henry
Lady @ register: "your total is $5.98." I hand her my credit card. Blank stare: "Sorry sir, it's a $6 minimum on credit cards."
u do have it ! Lend me it haahha
We will be posting & sending out #Ignite #PowerPoint & #Keynote templates for any speakers that need it. 20 slides, auto-advancing, 5 min!
i always forget why i dont like hot topic. then i remember twilight merchandise.
IF WE ALL PAID OUR FAIR SHARE OF TAXES! Can you imagine what wonderful country we would have! When DID we lose our USA PRIDE OF OWNERSHIP?
another interview. you know how hustlin' is.
"Hey dude, we're a band from Portland who is influenced by a bunch of bands you hate. Check us out!"
After bowling and nascar this night can only end with 1 more thing COPS! Yes
that goes for you too you need to get in here as well... :)
lost of congratz!!!
Car hunt has begun. Any opinions on #Honda over #Hyundai?
im sad i culdnt see her today ;/
“ Idgaf , Caine & O-Dog off Menace II Society have been my only role models .” when I reason this I gave you the stale face.
Just joined the Diva Night planning committee for the with Woot!
Lots happening next door at Record Exchange for fifth annual int'l Record Store Store Day + Atomic Mama playing here tonight!
Politics is so.... what's the word I'm looking for...? Political.
Thxs Michelle, and so do you Luv! If you think it's good here just wait & see how good it is if we meet in real life! Xoxo
Damn my make up is going to be such a mess. Hate running out of my good foundation. ):
It's pouring down #rain, but that won't stop me & from making it to Scotty's tonight!
We totally just ordered a pizza from them..
how r u doin just wanna say wuts up to ya b4 i got bacc to school get at me k.
Thanks to everyone at for letting invade yesterday. and , you guys were fantastic!
Social media is firmly on its way to becoming a norm rather than an exception among businesses.
What said--thank you!
what are you guys up to?
RT If you saw the Austream <U+2665>
About to go eat breakfast
I'm 1000% sure you shouldn't watch daytime tv... :D
Sadly, I can't claim that one. It's written in the synopsis on the back of the book.:-/
Aye the DM didn't have a link
love what you are doing!
#WeWontWorkOut if you can't accept how insecure I am
Yeah. It's totally overwhelming, isn't it? Just remember that when they're older, having 2 makes everything easier.
i guess, even tho i feel kind of old :s
RT : Classic Cocktails, Molecular Mixology and the All-Around Awesome ..:Aaron DeFeo is taking cocktails to brand new places.
2 new members tonight!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
Franchise Tax Board: Nearing the magical 300 followers. Let's reach it this weekend.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
what form do you think that takes? Seems like there should be more pre-, live-, and post-tweeting. But how to engage everyone?
Done, Admiral. Done. And, damn, I miss you!
Work; interrupted.
So good! BEYOND. Keep the food recs comin'! Xo
EMAILS EMAILS EMAILS today
RIP Pacquiao - you were a great fighter... and an even greater fish.
Welcome my new niece into the world :)
when was the last time you heard from Jesse?
thought so. it'll give me a chance to check up on my old neighborhood!
i kidnapped you sour patch's
sweet sound amazing. Just working hard and going to school in aug
My purchases at the farmers market this weekend? Broccolini, raisins, cauliflower, carrots, & ginger. Made a curry: Delish!
idk still think he could be a decent 3 draft Floyd/Reiff/Martin no different than signing another aging WR for a 1 year deal
The financial news channels are somewhat silent on the european elections...hope everyone heeded my call to cash...weeks ago
mom said you need to come down and your the factory.
nice shot
This crowd sure is skewing...older. our volume will certainly put the concept of "solidarity" to the test.
RT "Many people can be responsible for your success. But only you are responsible for your failure"
earthquake yesterday and hurricane this weekend its tough to be a new yorker sometimes =/
Pitching to an editor kind of like dating. Seeking to make a connection in a limited amt of time.
#1ThingICantStand when someone talks major shit on people & the next day they're bestfriends with them.
thanks so much! We have a Holiday Sale goin on if ur interested. Cheers!
Rise in teenage pregnancy ‘due moral values breakdown’
Big crowd there earlier
U Got Them HEAT!! We Need To Make Some Happen!
RT : MyPOV: stop sending engagement to #Facebook. Pull traffic from Facebook. Not push to. Take it back! Own it!
Just chatted up - great guy and author of The Drummer
I want some of them Corn Flakes you made haha
GovPerry is touting Texas economy. He also decries federal government "intruding" on states w/ enviro regs, healthcare, labor policy etc.
it's Kobe time though.
its in the last place you'd look if you were looking
"your someone I would work with, I'm not requesting anyone perfect, just a woman that'll make it all worth it."
“: follow us, we're back, let's do some summer or fall shows, party - Tree”
Anyone read Ben Marcus's "The Flame Alphabet"? Thoughts?
Research has shown how an argument starts after the first 3 mins is how it will end. So bring up issues gently & you'll see better results!!
I'll be watching bro;-)
There is a lot of interracial dating at this bar and I love it!
Tornadoes don't stop #thestoop Come on over
Doing great!!!
just planted some more flowers in the garden with my momma :) #HappyMothersDay xox
I swear if I see one more person post a snow image I am gonna _ _ _ OK I'll probably still be jealous. That is all!
Show me the money!!
We asked and you responded: help us hit 2k followers today and we'll give away driving credit and other goodies. Pls RT!
My knowledge not adequate here, but are 's race-based args (housing, Black Rep, civil rights) worth responding to at all?
other than mourning my kitty I'm good. I've missed you, sexy lady!!!
I'm excited for college.
what?! Glad to know I am not the only one missing it. I'll be there in 2013.
I think it's more with a specific size, & that size also coincidentally being the one loophole to a disallowed animated gif
post the thingg
:o I can't remember telling her that though
More from : consumer's goal with most articles is simply to be amused for however long it takes to read the story.
Driving to Ohio for two photoshoots! Productive! Have a food one tweeties!
I don't think the traffic man checks to see where traffic is, he just reads off the same list everyday.
RRWWWWHHHAAAA, I'm in beast mode @ the gym! HULK SMASH, HULK SMASH!
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
what if we are on Atlantis and the rest of the world sank?
": #ImMadBecause you always say one thing and then do another."
Sad to hear of the death of the poet Stacy Doris. I still remember her poem IN EDEN from a Brown poetry journal in the 1980s.
This process at the airport is crazy
Watching Kole play Skyrim while he explains to me the intricacies of this world.. Today is going to be awesome. I am deathly ill &
Earn up to 12% of the total monthly revenue you refer into KeyMetric through our referral program. Email us at .
So has a Father's Day golf extravaganza on June 16, so you, me & Vegas have the house to ourselves!
I know right damn 6-7 dollar cards
#FF events, for the latest in #EDM in the Carolinas.
#movingchicago will be fun helping a friend move today... Just perfect weather today! #Happinessislife! #Areyouliving?
"Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind", William Shakespeare
I like but it just said it was suspended.
But I'm done even worrying about. I'm just going to be happy.
#thingsIcantStand talking behind my back !! Yu got some say it to my face
--> Go to this RT Join us Monday night in Brooklyn and Tuesday at
the good news is that I believe the items you list already exist on our site. It's how we deliver it in a meaningful way.
This might come off as arrogance but truthfully, no one can rap like me.
I think you should he be seeming to forget .
and - thanks for writing A Moment Like This with me - thinking it is one of my favorites on the new record
looks rather hot in there - does the sign say "Warning: Clothing Optional!"?
cuz apparently lots of people can't see them
he is
That's interesting I didn't think of that. He doesn't make me feel icky, but I can't say he's my favorite either.
i can see that working nicely ;)
RIP Say Ow
Barnard Elliot Bee~ Let us determine to die here and we will conquer.
Not set up on the street today! But thinking of baking my rolls? so those of you in the know call me or maybe come by and see how it's done?
Please leave the hash tags here, not Facebook. <3
Texting Loves him!
ready for another nasa tweetup!!!
My mom needs to shut the fuck up with her bull shit
Don't fuck wit you ==> clowns... #(cause homie don't play that)
And :) #cantwait rt “: Future Mosaic restaurant was featured on today!
thanks<3 and have a happy new year too :)
OK - I'll get some dim sum in your memory, but when you come back to PDX this summer, call me. There are new places to lunch!
In the airport...Europe bound! :)
Seriously. I felt bad for the rest of FCD even, he whined to anyone with ears.
you should.
New vendors to announce soon for our event this July - lots of correspondence in the works. Also, lots of coffee...
On track to grow a big business
Yeah, baboons sure are fluffy, but I'm not sure they qualify as cuddly! Strange animals.
Here we go! Mr. Matt storytime!
Heading to for historic cemetery tour. Rain will not stop us! Grab an umbrella and meet us at noon outside the church!
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
One night and one more time, thanks for the memories even though they weren't so great!
So the world was supposed to end, Yea so much for that..
You'll have to introduce me
Yeah aye?!! hmmmphh fix it den!
Crit Thkng: In Ideas and Information, Arno Penzias suggested creating a hierarchy of possible solutions to organize possible solutions
If you take the time to tell a story...thanks Very well put together.
Sexual repression. Or did you have a less honest / more appropriate answer?
- If you haven't be sure to check out Beverly's Birthdays - working to give joy to children less fortunate.
laugh at you while you chasin' her.
llamf you is a mess and yea I'm home
when you lose touch with reality, go to Mt. Everest and hibernate! She's WAY outta touch: not sure that mountain is highenuf
Everything that we see is a shadow cast by that which we do not see. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
All is well?
Just met Tom Rosenstiel and was sufficiently tongue-tied.
Day off! Gonna enjoy it after I run my errands!
I think now is the time I pick a favorite basketball team
Thanks for posting And many thanks to for writing such an excellent smack down!
Funny how when I start a conversation with you im happy, but when i leave its only with tears in my eyes...
Congratulations to winner of Business Innovation Award for Design
Come on out to Mission Bay Park, San Diego for the ATMF RUN & ONEHOPE FAMILY FESTIVAL
Happy 82nd Birthday to my grandfather Jesse Lavender <3
RT : "scifi channel new movie Megashark vs Corcasaurous Steve Urkel."..This I can confirm FACT btw it's Syfy u have the T-Shirt =)
RT : RT Fun Fact: The name “Jeep” came from the abbreviation used in the #army for the “General Purpose” vehicle, G.P.
#3WordsOfAdvice Do the hustle
he moved out here, boy stay five min from me. Small fucking world
what's going on are these gas prices!!!
Heck yeah! She's a beast.
11 days until christmas.... I can just tell this is gonna be a bad christmas.
Thank you to the 30 people who let me skip them in the security line this morning. You all paid it forward! I made the flight, barely!
well hey message me back because I am bord and don't wanna talk to my mother.
ohmygodd! we're in Florida! where are you going in Florida?
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you...
Our digital collections are dark today at #internetarchive in support of anti- #SOPA #PIPA but brick-and-mortar #prelingerlibrary is open
Waking up to conversations you could've had <<<<
We supersize work and ambition just as unhealthily as we supersize fast food. Our instinct for knowing how much is enough is off.
Happy mothers day to the best mom in the entire world :) of all the mothers I have known there's none as precious as my own <3
I was just picking up a friend in lax ;)) how are you baby girl
Shocked at how good my first #homebrew is. Granted, I had a brewing partner who knew what he was doing. But, damn.
Practice those sentences! Tweet back what you did or will do today in Chinese! For example: <U+4ECA><U+5929><U+6211><U+8DDF><U+670B><U+53CB><U+4E00><U+8D77><U+5403><U+996D>,<U+4E5F><U+5199><U+62A5><U+544A><U+4E86><U+3002> Tweet back using
Do you play AD and D or one of the later editions?
Yes, This I know. Very well.
Great win great overall effort. Celebrate well tonight
because at the end I was rooting for the Patriots. At the start of the game I didn't know who I liked less.
: Hm. I learn something new every few minutes.
Very past due mentions: Thank you for the mentions! I was on twittercation.
Aghhh...finished recording lower midtown tour this AM. Now playing in Gramercy.
what about the.... Daddy?
“: Starships were meant to craassshh .” LITERALLY just laughed out loud.
I'm such a fat ass ..... All need is some banana pudding
"What's worse than being alone? Being used, lied to, deceived, left behind, and completely forgotten"
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest. -Denis Waitley
CAINT BELIEVE ONE OF MY FAVORITE AND ONE OF THE FINEST ACTRESS MEAGAN GOOD IS ENGAGED MANE. THTS ONE SEXY WOMAN AND I'M NW: ONE OF HER MOVIE
Jesus Diaz at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, December 5
yeah but i understand where she's coming from...well I understand why she is doing this. The same way I understand why selena.
Thank u for the support!!
I just thought in my head... "What responsibilities do I have tomorrow?" Then I realized... NONE... So I put in a movie.
hey wats up
I'll give you my S5 *and* my MB CLS for one of those S7s when they arrive :)
- looks like short walks takes the cake in your survey... I'll give it try with some coffee of course :-)
no news yet bro...i'll def let you know if I hear anything
Sounds good!
"If you must begin then go all the way, if U begin and quit, the unfinished business U have left behind begins to haunt you all the time."
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Courts try to keep children stable so carefully plan for their long term best interest before you separate.
Cases of Blackberries are a buck at giant eagle. Yeah dude.
There's something about deadlines... things start getting done! like FEAST (enjoy food at lowest natural weight) due out SON
At the final Hessler Street Fair planning meeting for 2012.
song of the year: obviously adele
I kinda need to talk to you now!!!
when they are wet
Correction: previous post should say November 24th, not 23rd. Sorry.
Starting one minute early #jerrykramer4hof #KramerGoesToCanton #KramerForHOF Let's get it done.
*wines up*
When you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you, but when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window if he can!
Multifamily Portfolio Sales Pending in DC
what makes it better is it's upside down
The Hoosier and the Minnesotan need to get together soon.
Rainbows are beautiful and weird at the same time
thanks for the awesome NY beer tips. We went to blind tiger (our fave), pony bar, and a place called burp castle!
Victoria Sounds Incredible! #enoughsaid :)
Leaving for #saa11 in 16 hours!
Betty Draper + Bugels = yes
me! Rena4ever97 add me :)
How in the world can you post a slideshow of famous guitarists that use Marshall amps and NOT include Angus Young?!?!
This sex, is sex, how sex, you sex, keep sex, a sex, dumb sex, ass sex, busy sex, for sex, 20 seconds. Read this again but don't say sex.
Wanna party? Catch Dj Philip Goyette TONIGHT Free I 10PM - LAST CALL I
I love the fact that you gave the #wikipedia with your answer!
: thankks boo!:) love you too! ;*
Ship Mario chalmers the hell out of Miami.
NOBODY born after the 90's communicate to friends through email. we aren't importing
STAND UP LAFAYETTE- Aug 7-Proceeds help clean up the Gulf. OVER 12 Bands-Tapawingo Park, W. Lafayette 1-7pm/The Muse-Lafayette 8p-close. GO!
#RIP Dick Clark #NYE will not be the same anymore
Good morning twitter
Do you love what you feel?
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST. $3 Wells/$5 Top Shelf. Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix.
I'd never wear it to a client, only amongst other geeks. Shirt/dress pants, or polo/khaki's only when onsite.
follow me back
saw you had done the One on One LA trip, how was your experience??
You are so welcome! :)
ouch.. Haha that was hurtful mini:) I miss ya..
We were all very moved by the map of the child murders.
S/O to and all you other people holdin it down and anticipating our music out in Northern New Mexico.
Congrats on the launch ! Looking forward to great things!
Can I please get an "Oh Dear"? Love it! Lolol Love from NY xo love u and ! Refreshing!
or mitt romney maybe that's just me
Special thanks to Mr. Gentles of Paradise Jamaican Restaurant if the heart of Greensboro, NC for becoming a valued customer
The ability to read & write at the speed of sound is my superhuman ability. That thunderclap you just heard was me beating a deadline.
Mike Brown doesn't needs to be the coach if his players are going to draw up the plays
Gouyvin! I'm putting all 3 on loop all day long!
Read Your DM's
sounds wondrous
Ughh. A loss to start the season. To a horrible bobcats squad to boot.
thanks for the follow
wait- they planned the release for MY birthday. Is yours seriously the 24th? Cause if it is, that's crazy/awesome. It's mine too!
if you wanna be successful, the only person you should invest in is yourself.
Good night, friends. A 12-mile forced ruck march awaits me tomorrow. Fast and painful. =)
I'm @ TAA2012...where are you?
If there's one in Toronto I have to go.. It's only 3 hours. Ah
Favorite part of Tuesdays: Listening to Aftermath Radio and reading and B&W
I AM
What channel : Please everyone I know watch South Beach Tow best show ever”
thanks lady!! I miss you too!
1) WA State has no limit on expirations, don't go to a provider that caps their patients at 1 year. Providers judge on a case by case basis.
shopping shoes
That moment when you walk out the locked room on gameday!
if you ain't gonna wrap it, go home and whack it.
Up early with Tea for my sore throat :/ Not this again...
When I was being put to sleep I was staring at a spurs poster <3 <U+263A>
I know haha ;) -Jared
i know I MISS YOU AH
Yes! Dust 514 is a massive game changer.
Ray ray's baby brother is so cute!
Amazing love how can it be, That you my King would die for me.
"There are places I remember All my life, though some have changed Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain"
I think we should swap places.
You got it! Will you be at the DC mixer event tonight? If so, see you there!
So there are few things more fun than seeing old pictures when you're transferring computers. Verdict on my friends at college =
Congratulations! Sending much love to you and your family!
Thanks! I'll likely be somewhere in East Bay, but I'm open to suggestions if you happen to know anyone looking for a roomie.
i think the 'modern art' might be about getting blasted at the museum
Don't tweet and drive. That's why Vanessa is doing it for me lol.
everyone please follow
You were #outstanding! Please come back & visit us soon! #boom Muchos gracias to &
how am i u don't know me or my family
well its clasifiedand goodnight
Liam Hemsworth is so Hot. But then there's Peeta....Oh there both just perfection,
Friday the 13th has always meant GOOD LUCK for me. Met my wife on that day back in 1997. Never been happier.
#Flipcup at 2pm today! Also, come watch college basketball! louisville florida tips at 130!
The recordkeeping habits of lawyers are fascinating. Some keep files so organised; some sprawl; some both!
Where are the gremlins? - Which ones? -_- me The good ones! -Alex
You A Goblin
What's your favorite unique dining experience in San Francisco?
man listen, let me know when you try the nutella !! then we can have twitter conversations about nutella recipes!!!
It's Friday....tomorrow night we party!
One tweet at a time. Here's one more so I guess I'm on my way.
Um... RT : There is an official Rock, Paper, Scissors League.
"I've been to a lot of places and done a lot of things, but writing was always first. It's a.. pain I can't do without." Robert Penn Warren
Waiting for the wine to chill and the sushi's ready. My kind of evening.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo and I can't drink because I'm on antibiotics...
Nice gesture RT : Yesterday we lost our friend and voice, Carl Beane. Tonight the PA mic will be silent in his memory.
Liam Neeson is such a boss.
I love pooping on teachers!
I had an awesome 3 days off from work back to reality today :(
Just BS'ing. Just don't be 'that guy' like D Jennings and try to piss us off by saying asinine stuff bc we care more than others
FOLLOW ME PLEASE? That would be the best birthday present! My birthday is 11 June. Exactly 1 month before <3
Be sure to vote for your favorite things in Albuquerque! If you need a suggestion for best band- you can always put us. ;)
Good night Ariana! Love you ^.^
#clayaiken, I didn't realize he was a hockey fan. #TeamLidstrom fail?
I LOVE RICKIE FOWLER!!!!!! Congrats on your first PGA Tour win at Quail Hollow!!!!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Thanks for the follow Kelley. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
those were the good days lol
#15peopleilove Myself! :D
from a charity cha-cha to Dancing With the Stars, Sitt? I'd vote for you!
#RatchetsLove being hell of loud and going out in public looking how ever
No one goes to class on days as beautiful as this.
ya u 2 should definitely come!!
I approve this message.
Strict and unalloyed veracity, German
Yes. Pls. head to the nearest park w/ your book & proceed w/ the rest of the day.
Fuck! My dad just caught me smoking. And he didn't say anything! He just sighed. Then again what can he tell me? I am 25
RT : Big time players make big time plays in big time games!
RT : I wear T-Shirts to work. (ReTweet if that's true for you too.)
We almost had him hay!
The IRS just released the second tranche of national bond volume cap for Tribal Economic Development Bonds. tweet if you have ?s
cool bro where are u from>???
Thanks for the mention. Much appreciated!
Same .. omg , Ashley why are we so similar ? -___-
Maybe if you were a Brewers fan you wouldn't be feeling so let down right now.
i love your pictures on myspace
Workin on da album so I had 2 get da best beats ! Best graphics n best feat! Im a fan of erbody I'm workn wit
Nutella hot chocolate<U+2665>
you coulda told me!!
oh thank goodness! :)
Just a reminder.. watch my videos if you like money!
I DO WHAT I WANT , HOW I WANT, WHEN I WANT. if my mommy says it's ok c;
Walking to the grocery.
some "beliebers" need to get their heads screwed on. its HAIR. his voice is what matters. his lyrics to the songs matter.
Chocolate Strawberries Recipes If roses are the quintessential Valentine's Day gift for lovers, chocolate strawberries are the quintessen
Crappy end to the #phillies game but it should've been over on Blanton's first pitch.
RT : Really enjoyed Atlanta Read and Reactl. Great presenters and ideas. Offense offers flexibility and player freedom.
Joe cabral: when you automate a bad process, you put it on steroids.
I respect that. followed
I just wanted to be there IS THAT A CRIME?!!
maybe get my band Analog a gig? (:
I'm seriously ready to be 18.
you should do it :D Please <3
they just played at a bar in #Milwaukee wouldn't of ever heard of them if it wasn't for you
lets see how many notice
RT : Shout out to the Denver fans we bringin it back home to u! We need u game 6!
Mind following back? :)
When the air and bs get to thick, can't take a breath without gettin' sick.
hahaha tried to warn you about them niggas! You guys got off lucky!
5 followers away from 2000. Anybody else out there interested in
I have under-desk heaters on 9 months of the year. RT : #Seattle stop being so cold
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIS LOVE YOU LOTS! SEE U THIS WEEKEND IM GNA COOK FOR U!!!!!!
More from Fitch: April saw more than $10 billion in new covenant lite loans come to market. Lion's share of proceeds used to refinance debt.
How romantic... Tom Cruise, while filming mission impossible in Dubai, wrote Kate's name on top of the world's tallest building...
If the candidate was nervous an opportunity to calm down, strengthen their presentation, clarify themselves.
Started #MadMen from the very beginning today. Don is a slime ball & Peggy's bangs need help.
“: “: whats ya 20?”<< Just landed in the LK”<< #RogerThat u coming back?
fuck nobody wants to score except kobe
Also, I want to say the word "Calhoun" as if I was Don Knotts. I do not know why.
New music from & win & win win situation coming on! Listen at
HAPPY MOTHERSDAY!!! 2 ALL THE FATHER FUKKERS ALL AROUND THE WORLD...
We loved having you!
Follow me. (:
RT I hate the Jets! I hate the Pats, Steelers and Ravens too!!.
RT : Thanks you were follower number 2500! <Read it, Learn it, Live it>...<XXXBeStraightEdgeXXX>
One of the best in #sportsbiz RT : Happy birthday to #Angels PR chief
Next thing you know, this fandom will have found the boys' ultrasound photos.
Had "THE TALK" with facebook. Gettin' kinda bored with our relationship. Took it well until she found out I started seeing Twitter.
No grinding allowed at Senior Formal. Air humping only.
send people to www.hon.org it's hands on nashville. Best place to volunteer or donate to help us out here.
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout T
Oh just got another rose...
...but I was caught up in physical attraction, but to my satisfaction/baby you were more than just a face...
looks like a cool place... I'm toying with some ideas for a trip - I want to go s/where I've not been before
I hated the "Wizard of Oz" as a child.
it's a little late.
my mother right now < <
well then....my days are al fucked up hahahaha
haha as always <3 and not to forget funny
you should come early Wednesday and we can day drink by the pool! I have class at 730 everyday :(
where are you going?!!??
Diets do not work. Portion control, healthier food choices, and consistent daily physical activity are necessary.
Good choice!
We've got to go out and buy a red scarf for an upcoming anthology. More details soon.
23C: BIG TEN - THE JOURNEY; BLACKHAWKS; BIG TEN- IMPACT FEATURE
Wondering if/when the xtra-hot-latte craze will ever stop. Some drinks aren't meant to be sipped forever. Drink up, ye caffeine deficient!
I'm feeling hipster-ish today
Why are people afraid of cemeteries? The dead can't harm you, but the living....well, that's another matter altogether.
do you know how many NONfootball fans will go to a JETS game now. Attendance will be huge 4 tebo
she's a good party buddy :)
“ So which pretty lady wanna chill wit da kid afta prom ? Lmfao”
Thanks so much for the follow, Jayla! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
hahah I see :) what's your good news? Dali i'm curious..
Saw 3 audience members using iPads to video tape speakers at Friday's #Toastmasters Div D Speech & Evaluation contest. Nice use of tech.
I've had it...NEXT!!
Stevie Wonder loves Barack Obama
Temporary Shop is up. This Gives you access to purchase one of the Exclusive Crew necks! Very Limited ..
To go with Quick Picks or actually fill out a #megamillions card out my self? Somehow I feel like picking my own #'s is better.
Good luck to all of our seniors preparing for their comps and senior seminar presentations. We're sending good vibes your way.
Have to leave for laundromat now if I am going to beat the rain!
I wish babe. I'm bored here too.
That is nuts, Trey. C'mon.
LIVE NOW: the Entities are joined by special guests www.thisweekin.com/live
You repeat yourself!
When Austin posted the subway song!! Ahh
RT : RT Looking forward to hearing from at #smss12 in about 15 minutes!
they usually involve my daughter getting bored and just playin in the river
TWITTER TIME (:
RT : less training as an "event" and more performance support
Watching Sylvia stalk gophers by the light of the moon (while listening to AMY) is HILARIOUS! get 'em girl!!! She keeps looking around for S
chet baker sings. to me. all nasally and deliberately. and i tell twitter al about it.
oh, u coulda just said the hot one>.<
we might be hiring soon by July. My friend is trying to transfer.
Congrats on an amazing NFL career! Enjoy retirement, you deserve it. Our is your #1 fan!
Don't fight me just let it happen :)
how about a shout out about our game vs. illinois tonight for UK hockey? Got the win last night 4-2.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZINGLY AWESOME PERSON, KileLinn :D Wish i was there today..
smooth as nigga <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
You must do the thing you think you cannot do
Getting ready for the #Tosh season finale. is the man! L_S_D!
omg how tall is an average 2 year old? o.O
Fight night!! #UFC145 let's go J.Jones!
Such a faithful dog. I want a Akita.
would like to thank everyone that made their generous donations! We appreciate your help and you!!!!
i'm in love with our new windsuits! :D
- Glad I ordered mine last week! Can't wait till it arrives - so excited for this collection!
are you really doing a startup in China? DUDE
So men can be honorable in many areas, but the only praiseworthy thing women can do is not draw attention to themselves?
your black! #dreams :)
I'd take some Liquid Luck..... :)
Shut TF up!!!
Howdy! The contest closed sharply on the 5th @ 11:59pm. The "old" page was up for a while but the entry form was closed :)
oh lol what are you eating?
It's cold and rainy here. Being the benevolent dictator that I am, I let my co-pilot do the pre-flight walk around.
have you heard about the upcoming mentoring prgram from AIGA CLE?
thanks for the knowledge Bon! :)
Nats pitching phenom Stephen Strasburg gets standing O after hitting a double.
Maybe when olly murs is done performing, seats will open up. most likely, but you need to get them quick!
The fact that The Lakers are releasing a statement show a weakness
I thought he was black this whole time lol
really? what was the startup?
Anthony Weiner - We needed your voice - what the heck man?
you should be like a detective!:)
I'll never get one of those. They know better. ;) ;)
you're the best :D
I'm hoping to have new #flipclass opportunities. (wink, wink)
A Toshiba Laptop will be auctioned at 10pm! www.bidfather.com
Eat dark chocolate while sipping a glass of red wine...great flavor together.
MT How the Millennial Generation Uses Mobile...interesting yes! I'm below ave. Seeking new device.
...winter is coming! can't wait!
Somebody gone die
What about planning a #green trip for hubby/dad?
So how do you feel about Rick Santorum being the new GOP front runner for the nomination
Of to the studio!
So true!
School then work..... I gotta long day ahead of me....
is closed for Innovation Day! My team will work on a self-chosen project & present their work at 4PM.
Not expecting anything from you, you always disappoint me.
Bill numbers definitely help!
I'm glad your#facebook is back up, never should have been shut down the stay with!!!
Forget mini golf. Hotels by theme parks would do well with this. Like said, I'd pay to ride it!
Was up my twitta people
Thankful for a random day off. Now to tackle my ever growing to-do list. And maybe some disc golf later.
cont...four years and i love the art of dance; not to mention yall r totally hot! (yes im bi) sorry if ur offendedl thats just
RT Good teams make the playoffs, the hot team wins the championship
Today is the last day of some of your life, well the last time you will see, do, think, feel whatever it was..
I'm glad to be back on twitter :D <U+2764>
hve a good one! Hope to tlk again sometime <3
Doubt it.
Awesome shoot today with & Great performance, great film! Now post begins...
We love that is here.
I'm in Cabo!
there is no motivation for me at this point..
"I'm from the Street . . . not the Hood, the Sesame Street"
Suh is an idiot!!!! Just cost his team 7 points and himself some serious cash...
ablame y q mass
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 5~~ 9.Practice. Especially practice bits so you can spit out a few minutes of your program.
When I fight with you , i'm really fighting for US because if I didn't care , I wouldn't bother
Just saw 'What to Expect when your expecting " ...I'm not having kids til I'm 30! ..pregnancy seems horrid O_o
Lol RT oh I believe it doesn't have to confirm.. Just sayin it's been a minute lol
So I'm over hide and seek!!
I stick loneliness, your lips, and the two coins of your eyes into my pockets
Tom Lochtefeld says he sees a shark. Beach is cleared & he takes advantage w/ deals @ Belmont Park. Coincidence? Waiting for fact check!
Working on Ten Tiny Taiko music for Mike - which means strapping on the Strat!
lol oh so you're un Iphone bully huh
Think I've seen about 15 engagements over the past weekend. Congrats to everyone. Guess that's what happens when you are my age.
thanks! we should catch up in the next couple weeks
Okay, Foghat. That's better, iPod. Keep going in that musical direction...so I can concentrate on my online work today. ;)
It's like, "Mommy, what's THIS part supposed to sound like?" "Uh.. fireworks, honey!"
Jess fr. The Shamblers here, offering up our modest studio for your purposes, whatever they may be. It's cozy.
are you gonna go to them?!?
Q: Do you know how many days of school you (or your kids) have left? Summer is coming!
i dont go back for another week and a halff, youu aare ? aha thats how i feel after summer break.
what up
Excited for #IPRRC in Miami, but so much to do before then! Trying to fit my week into two days...
Sir: Saw yr "Skeet/AfricaSafari" skit recently. Laughed so hard I almost skeeted on couch! Thanks 4the laugh therapy!!
You know, I actually would understand why allot of people watch My Little Pony.
like gorillas, production weeks live where ever they want. this one was tuesday to tuesday. live outside the box - cheers.
Tornadoes, snow, and a drop of 40 degrees in a matter of days
hey can everyone #follow my boo she follows back
Did we ever order your cards with the “Duke of Flexible Grids and Fluid Foundations” on them?! My bad. +
hey what's up
5ks or bust. Here we go.
I didn't get to see the international show once god damn it
Work from work, work from home? If you have a job, you have no choice but to work from work. With the right system, work from home is better
This is a good methods exam, if I do say so myself... :)
What is your conversion rate on your website? Is it below 100%? Then there is room for improvement. Want more leads/sales...start there.
"Love is not only something you feel, it's something you Do."
Come see the Juilliard Jazz Ensemble on Wednesday, December 21 12pm-2pm • Time Warner Building, 2nd floor • Free Admission!
I have had some great interviews- just having a little bit of technical difficulties! some inspiration on the blog for now!
Op man what a world do we live in were people can show off their dirty boxers...
that was all a part of our evil plan!
we're waiting for the conclusion of our comic with bated breath
#ABC & will begin airing the show "Ball Boys" this Saturday at 3pm. Show chronicles the shop, Robbie's First Base, in
Follow the link! ;)
If you're not already following I highly suggest you start! You'll thank me later!
Need a nap or some peace and quiet? A quiet seating area is located above Chili's. Go up, take a L, seating area is on your R.
a Mom has the most important job in the world
he still has a couple of teams to play for to have every team jersey with his name lol ": Mcgrady is still playing? Wow"
lol Join the club. Senior year at UIndy equaled drama fest. Now it's your turn! :-p
Knock, knock! We're coming up
yes even his face a little bit smaller in weight but not by much. I was ready to scout him till I saw he was taken by KState!
we should have brought a kayak. and the fun begins....
HOW DO I ORDER for delivery?!?!?!
I can't wait to play some AL Central teams...
My apologies to those riding red and green line. I just ran 5 miles :)
So tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Iike the delete button? yeah, that one sucks.
#fact every native girl I hang out with, I make out with and nothing else happens #amiabadkisser ? lol
we would liked to go but maybe next time. Since we're not going we will be busy selling Cabinetry here in #ABQ!!
I can't tell if I want sex or a cheeseburger.
Just got back from the gas station. :-p
aw i know ;) u make me smile too lol
Shaq hanging em up. Hell of a career big man, start of a new adventure.
I just got some :) omg we have to catch up... hahaha I've mastered some new games
I'm there. Maybe I'll wear a turtle neck and treat women roughly.
yo nina how long you in chi town for i live here now
Office hours with lax crew
4 yrs ago, my father was diagnosed w Frontotemporal #Dementia like those in The Vanishing Mind
If there was ever a time i needed a SERIOUS pep talk to ever pick up a pen and white another rhyme it's now!!
no matter what you tore it up on the dance floor. Keep it up!
Wait!...What The?!
LOGI BEAR WHY U CRY? WAS MONI MEAN TO YOUU...
Try again next year Canucks!
it was the one where Brian thinks he's in love with louis and then fights over her with Peter
Haha, gotta make 'fake' joints for a small little movie we're filming today. I love this business ;)
Leo meeting and then home :DD
I need some friends in San Diego
This is either going to be really fun, or really not.
he he ou gets the int
65% of Elvis impersonators are of Asian descent.
The closest is the picture my friend took. It's on my FB wall. You'll have to use your imagination.
RT : People are no longer only consumers of media, the ARE the media
Wow is getting lots of plugs on the #7smtrends webinar. Nice work :)
Member A Med . , & I Need A Snapback To Match . OKAY ?
God woke me up today. Praise God!
GUYS I'M GOING TO MAKE THE SET IT OFF SHOW TONIGHT.
lmfaaaao reimburse me!? nah i got y'all tho, why do that, when we all can get free drinks n'shit.
#ReasonsILoveKush easy to roll & break down
“Unicorns can't fly. I can't fly. Therefore, I am a unicorn. :D” well thanks for thinking of me... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Judge Alex, I don't believe the smokey eye look was created for men.
i really feel like crying noting ever goes right
Proceeds from the run help support child abuse prevention and treatment, early intervention services for children with developmental delays.
"I know I've got a big ego, I really don't know why it's such a big deal though"
Poor Sammy!!!! Poor dog! Oh shit Emily is in trouble!!!
#ChaseBank apologized for taking $722 extra out of my bank account in July but won't put it back & won't promise to not do it again in Aug.
while i wasnt paying attention the spider decided to crawl closer next to me, when i noticed, i jumped, screamed, threw my laptop...
They would get nothing more than a mid- to late-round pick if they traded his rights.
Can you do something like that in motion?
Just once I would like to hear an athlete thank God for their talent and their pharmacist for everything God left out.
You call me names aft you just admitted you support a terrorist org, terrorist regime & 9/11 nut conspiracy
boy you don't understand that your the best thing that's ever happened to me.
AHAHA,Im about to have a bomb day.
Just got done with my physical.
RT : Q3) If you could ban 1 phrase from being spoken at every networking event you attend, what phrase would you pick?
Teachers: You should remember this you learned it 3 years ago! Me: I don't even remeber what I ate for dinner last night.
Stones still rolling along - Morris Daily Herald
That it is! We enjoy it all the time, but it certainly works great as an apertif.
i thought that one was very smart, and surprisingly even handed. he doesn't let Obama off the hook.
I bet they make good donuts in Bexley or maybe loafers.
Have u heard anything on Tebow not wanting to come back here to Jax? I'm not a Jags fan but would luv to hear his reasoning.
I have no respect for people who eat pizza with a fork.
*looks in ur eyes*
I used too, then u get over it.
It's going to snow in Mke. People, it is supposed to do that in Jan. Settle down.
my last week off. then back to work!
follow me back! thank you!
Well I guess he will never be satisfied ...lol
sucks to be popular don't it?
5th June is the day I'm waiting for. Only Mahomies know why. (:
Pllzzz Make My Daii And Follow Me Im A Big Fan
looking for an Account Executive - Personal Care, and an Account Supervisor / Sr. Account Supervisor with Oncology Expertise in NYC
My revenues page still isn't right. Should I file a ticket? Do you know when it will be fixed?
I would buy two!
Sometimes I just really enjoy bad music.
Here's how I see it: the black vote is expected to go for Obama in the fall. Some wonder if this issue will turn them away.
Well now I need something that mixes with tea... Wine?
I repeat, DeJesus is our new Reed Johnson.
Not sure about M. Field, but I stayed at historic St. James Hotel d'town: nice, still operates the fastest elevator of the Old West.
The needed to win for sure.
What do they say about the bird who stays at work late and gets to work early?
spent $12.50 on in flight internet for no other reason than to be able to impress with my 30,000ft tweet.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> he better wake up by12 I wanna go to the gally lol
“If you want your dreams to come true, don't sleep” Yiddish Proverb
"We go toward something that is not yet". Paul Tillich, The Eternal Now, 1959
There are just so many bikes in Williamsburg.
DUDE. That's awesome. "Oh, the places you'll go."
The mountain laurels are blooming! The air smells like grape Kool-Aid! Spring is coming, spring is coming!
The Bulls need to start this series off high energy, great defense is our best offense. Rose wont let us loose this 1. CHI 92 PHI 83
Embrace your inner mad hatter.
Night was kind of down but seeing this grade just improved it so much... Thank you God... #graduation in the AM
Everyone has a story... And I love to hear them.
UX advice to - when expanding the I am typing: please include the ones I already follow! Those are *most* likely what I want!
Connected children learn positive strategies to self-regulate from connected caregivers.
“: hahaha no dude you are the official spice boy” haha I wish they would have taped it
And that is why I chose NFL Network tonight RT So far tonight, ESPN has said "Tebow" 14 times. NFL Network has said it once.
keep up the great work
That awkward moment when you realize that you texted the wrong person.
It's mustache march in POL all proceeds go to the shop and medals go to best in show lol at least it's for a good cause lol pics to follow
I don't mind an occasion use of a cliche, but when you use it as a crutch for original thought... it's bad.
Watch TOMORROW*9AM hour to hear the Work Ministry's Paige Cohen share about the upcoming CAREER FAIR at the Rock!
will u tell me in person??
This shit is about to get real.
Last day of classes and then on to finals!!
I had a worse incident. Let's say me naked and running out the shower haha
followed them(:
needs just put her hood back on and go burn a cross in someone's yard.
Best of luck to you!! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Go on reverbnation and put our name in
Just got my Japandroids tickets for in June. Giddy up.
One of the 15-year old boys charged with arson for Woodburn High fire bailed out of jail. Was seen leaving juvenile detention with parents
Thanks for reading! And always supporting FJ :)
Go see "Death Of A Salesman". It's Brilliant.
I'm just checking in! I'll be doing it frequently....
Hey, thanks for the RT. That was VERY early in the morning! :D
don't...you've been extremely supportive
The /. threads have more detail. If I follow, the evidence this time suggests causation instead of just correlation.
School tomorrow. Kill me now.
I'm looking forward 2 seeing all my new followers@ IN THE MIX ATL with from Q100 May 17 6pm @ 8th & Peachtree in Atlanta
Are You Selling Tickets For 's Show At The Paramount Theater In Seattle?
I tweeted you.
well i think speedway is gonna hire me. So i just need to start working. i'll prob do some si ...
gonna take a shower! - eugene
Watching Rookie of the Year, drinking beers.
It really sucks when you like a guy, and he doesn't even talk to you.
Tensions remain high at Virginia Tech as police continue to search for a suspect in a pair of shootings.
I can't wait for summer! I will work out all day every day.
1/3 With Arthritis Report Anxiety or Depression
Forgot to add Cleveland Foodie to that earlier list. And I also think really stands out when it comes to CLEfood tweets.
Getting on the subway in zombie makeup is always fun":-)
Looking forward to seeing "Annie" tonight at JBE theatre!
Happy National High Five Day! High Five Followers! <U+E012><U+E41D><U+E105><U+E328>
Thank you! Now I want to read it!
Stoked! just brought me eggplant parmigiana from Buca de Beppo.
sure thing :)
LinkedIn is a great tool not just for YOU to network, but to help OTHERS network. Help a friend find a job - Karma comes around!
counting down the hours until its
Just completed Mass Effect, one of the best games I have ever played.
Bitch is an 11 year veteran hoe n wanna get sensitive... Bitch go make a trick feel sensitive so he can pay u n u can bring it back 2 a pimp
this chick has it right!
We have a few more tix to the Celebrity Championship to give away. RT for a chance to win!
Looks like I'll have a longer wait to post old News View editions to YouTube than I thought.
LOL holy eff Helen you totally got on this account(;
We eat so many shrimp I got iodine poisonin'.
Great game haven't made it out to a game yet but I will!!!
lol oh yu got jokes now
Have a safe journey!
I think of suicide but my bro nd sis need me
happy birthday B!
Welp. Vikings vs. Packers across the street today. My money is on the Broncos.
oh my god. I don't know what just happened. pizza fries are gone. Think I just blacked out for a minute
TONIGHT - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!
Hahahahah :) you've got the darker version of Bianca's hair! But yours is kinda more controlled loll
i didnt know you were serous i have like 62 followers im following 238 and i have 80 tweets
Komodo Edit seems as good as Notepad++, if not better. Plus, it's cross-platform!
Fire alarm at the Boise State library. Six fire engines and a couple other emergency vehicles parked behind the library.
oh that's event better.
I will. Are you guys still staying with family?
Just need to write a conclusion about women's magazines & I'M DONE !
Definitely losing my phone tonight
Portland has like 2 black cops.
hey, I already have a sore elbow - I'll fit right in! LOL
I love you too ;)
im perfectly fine with the way i look. its the way God made me. its my weight i cant stand...
Not even my family know who I am!!!
Team pulled off a win tonight! Let's c if the Brew Crew can do it to! #Brewers #
GOODMORNING (: im still tired
RT : Life is not about what I've done, should have done or what I could have done. It's about what I can do and what I will do.
We kill the people who kill to teach the people that it's wrong to kill.
Check out these bands/Corps
The same person who was comforted when House said he would euthanize her is now advising him.
when is your next Florida Concert? I'm waiting, waiting, waiting inside the State!!!!
So ready for this weekend!! It's going to be a good one. (:
RT Gods among men
a bit sick saying this but i kind of want the new blackberry :
#SFBayArea #venues #restaurants: Fan our Page & stay tuned for a new exciting #Facebook app to #promote ur #events and #sell #drinkspecials!
i thought that was the point of a tweet in general...
Where can someone get a #latenight #breakfast in #chicago ? I have been looking for 1am pancakes and I'm not talking about Denny's. Discuss
The inclement weather hotline is 804.565.3687. Call before you visit the branch today.
Sent today :)
Healthcare Theatre had a fab time and the Art of Human Simulation thanks to our simulated patient performers!
Started producing the short film, The Story of Gunter Schett, a dark comedy. Look forward to shooting in 5 weeks.
Happy Mothers Day !
Yes! And the earrings too! :)
More Beard Papa! Great video, but it only highlights BP's baking efforts: What about his acting, directing, and pyro acumen?
Today is my Friday. But it's also my Thursday. So I have two days of work to do in one...
Dear , didn't buy that sweet ass tank, I did <3 Dick... P.S is she still in comatose???
-.- oh yes your so asleep right now. grrr. i think its that you dont wanna talk to a girl as unpretty as me i understand. =P
If love is shelter, I'm going to walk in the rain.
Exclusive clips from Sarah Palin's new reality TV show coming up...
So i finished Crank in one day.... It was that good :)
Thanks for the follow, Suzanne! Hope to see you in San Diego more often next year!
Looking forward to the match in DC. Can't wait for first #SportingKC match. Watch out though, wife will be 6 mo. pregnant!
Thanks for the follow Lauren!
Hopefully June. Nowhere big, just back to my college town.
I always wear a suit because no matter how badly I embarrass myself, at least I did it wearing a suit.
is eating cookie dough and supervising the watching of Idol.
Just add your name to your contact list and you will be your newest and best contact
Training already for next season basketball:)
To exist is to change; to change is to mature; to mature is to create oneself endlessly. -Henri Bergson
The chiefs have been sucking eggs, disappointing really!
Watching #madmen .. no spoilers here but 18 minutes it's already good one!
2 new internship spots from August until December. Check the MAM newsletter for details or send your resume directly
Brain Floss: The American Dental Hygenists Association says snacking on celery, carrots, or apples helps clear away loose food and debris.
#PRINCE I LOVE YOU! GO #BREWERS! I can smell homefield!
Amazing furniture designer and artisan, check him out -
is thrilled to be at #RORHillDay 2012! We're ready to spread the word about ! Happy Super Tuesday!
Ten won't kill me..
Thinking about starting up the blog again... Hm
I'm doing fine just enjoying weather. Where u from?
Absolutely! RT“: That is an upside! Good for her. #bcsm”
date night: assembling ikea furniture. so hot!
hell yeah!
It was so awesome - you've raised a wonderful daughter!
It's snowing! Barely, LOL
i bet their getting tired of you stealin dey stuff!
whats the t
What are you doing these days, sir?
I actually think Chasing Amy was his best work, besides the fact Ben "Pancake Head" Affleck is in it. He stole Garner from me
Love the new song Hey Mister!
Sorry guys. I just really want that shirt.
My personal training clients are so good to me, even after I worked so hard to get in shape!
I'm off the next two days tho..
Stay on it man! Once you get thru another 1-2 months you wont be able to imagine not doing it!
N MY NAME "MERCEDES STREETS" WE GOT BIZZY BONE, SHOP BOYS, BONE CRUSHER, M-DOT, MR CHEEKS, FIELD MOB, CRUNCHY BLACK,
yes! B Schooler indeed! Here's to huge successes!!
No, you shouldn't offer a "free" IQ test if you charge for the results. Bah.
#FF Tasty Treats to #Follow RT
That awful feeling when math goes from being clear to not making any sense whatsoever.
ill take the file cab!! Has it a home yet? Can I get it sunday???
worth going to see. Review will be up on Monday :)
yep engineers feel bridge is unsafe and say it will cost 4.2 million to demolish. Commissioners will take it up again in May.
Ok Fa sho
Still hanging out in Orlando Fl
Beautiful day to shop for floors!!!
I'm not a morning person
Hi, I like your style..
Lin is showing out! Go Knicks!
this morning's smoothie... maraschino cherries, pineapple, spinach, cucumber, banana. absolutely.yum.
Avalon High was so AMAZING!! And so was the season premiere of Wizards!! is such an amazing actor! =))
Received news yesterday that I won the bid for the mural! :)
good luck boo
Starting The River, like I need another show to watch. Hope it's as scary as it looks.
Who is they?- Arthur's not there any more..and didn't the Fndtn disband?
Got a job offer, yay me! Now, if only I had a license to work... :/
It's interesting to think what Smalltalk could have become with a good opensource push
At #KimColes B-day Celebration. A night of comedy where I'm not the one on stage (nice-n-relaxin'). Ah
#Imagine Austin: Now I know why "U" and "I" are together on the keyboard.<3
yeah the first season followed it page by page- I'm interested to see if they do the same for the 2nd season
lol damn i aint know that
my windows were shut. they're open now. but i've had headphones in since 8...
Yes, I just warmed up rolls on my grill. Shut up, I ran out of oven space.
Agreed come to RI and follow me...life mission completed <3
Awkward moment when you follow someone then your time line is FILLED with a different language.. -Unfollow.
I got concussed. remember, Jodis are fragile.
Thanks for coming in with the girls!
So so dumb..FAG!
I've decided one of my comp exam coping mechanisms will be to tweet pithy and/or penetrating one-liners from my reading here:
The congratulates on making the finals of the Capital City DJ Olympics! See him at 621 on Saturday, show begins at 9!
Stratton : First major snowstorm of year in Northeast. A bit of off piste skiing to break in the season. Not bad!
Silver Stars Becky Hammon and Sophia Young combined for 22 pts in 1st quarter. Neither scored the 2nd quarter.
Slideshow finished!! I don't know how I did it but miraculously I did. And now I get to do math homework for the rest of the night, woo.
got my tickets for May 19th in Chicago
It's time to shut it down Kemba Walker!!!! Send the Bulldogs packin!!! GO #UCONN!!!!!
Someone just signed a letter "Temperance." What does that mean? How do I cope?
just watched a trailer that was advertising a movie trailer that will be released this weekend.
Dear Sir: The Green Dragon armor is amazing. Sincerely, a mind-blown fan
u know damn well that's my phrase. But I'll let u borrow it up in #Vegas ;)
Big Plans Next Week !! God's is working things out !!
RT : Never work before breakfast; if you have to work before breakfast, eat your breakfast first. Josh Billings
AJ is in her zone with these tweets! Thanks so much!! loven the info!
Absolutely. We apologize for the mistake. We'll make it up to you. Thanks for coming by once again. How are the tortas?
She needs more followers )': follow her now por favor <3 ! (please) she follows back.
the skinny brown fox hopped over the boring dog.
Much appreciated.
Brady should never be Mentioned in same sentence with Montana!!! Ever, start comparing ELI! and Welcker got checked by NYDb
doesn't every woman over there dress like someone's grandmother? Except Posh Spice... But she's American now!
I'm enioyin the meal at this very moment
keeper is effectively a synonym for curate. The curate (noun) is a keeper. But it sounds very posh right?
I wish I could stay up but sure need to force myself to fall asleep bc I have to workout in 7hrs.
My pleasure. New stuff about every week. Much obliged for RTs.
Brah .... Real folks who R wit UNC enjoyed the Game yes We is Hurt but aah .. Real world > entertainment Eeg Sports Music etc
Thanks! Love your blog!
Had an acquaintance, become a friend.
Joss Whedon is the best. I really want to see that movie but too afraid.. what do you recommend fraidy cats do? watch or no?
love that your visual notes are 10x more clear than any normal notes I'd take!
i have sent you so many tweets and i dont think you saw any of them.If you see this please looks at my recent tweets to you!
you booking talent for website or your company
What would Bill Swerski's Superfans say about this #Bears game? My guess is they'd start talking about Urlacher
I'm really sick of waking up early, EVERY FUCKING MORNING.
Is it October yet? RT : I miss Ducks hockey.
Studying for Systems Analysis @ Middleton until 7, then heading home to finish Gov Docs exam. Busy day!
get parallels and run windows on mac
You can't realistically support your community without first taking care of yourself
Congrats! We'll be seeing each other at MLA 13 then!
Yep! Will you be at the free lunch?
so much doubt..
Homemade baby monitor: Thinking an iPhone mounted in the nursery FaceTiming my iPad should do the trick!
I wish I had a apple pie from burger king right now. 2 will do me good!
Sean, Just saw you're following us! Ever been to our place on Ridge Ave?!
Congrats Emerging Leader. Its a great group to be a part of...the journey of fun soon begins.
hm maybe :)
Least we could do! RT : Wanted to thank all of you for sticking w/ me while I was away last week & supporting ...
Russell 27 Pike Co. Central 21 -- FINAL
rephrase it for me so I know next time.
Friday January 6, 2012 9pm-2am Me Restaurant And Lounge 926 B Street Hayward Ca. Old School Friday w/DJ Lash Text 4154980157 for glist/info
Thank you for another wonderful class!! I know why they fill up so quickly-because they are the best.Thanks again!!
Today's a big day: HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!
just here hangin with my bestest of the best friend!!!!!!^__^
that's amazing! But I can't believe he unfollowed!
Tell Me How You Feel Baby
hows yer stalker is she busted??
Huh , Naim & I needa sit down & just have a long ass talk !
that's an interesting avatar on your twitter account. what is it?
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> if this ain't true RT : We can talk money, but why? Half you so called hustlers still live with your parents.
the acting demo was good, keep up the good work, sorry it took me so long to reply,
let's say she ain't the happiest horse in the world by far
There's always tomorrow
"balance life with a little sweet and sour." oh you little dirty fortune cookie you
#HackedbyMamaMahone will be trending soon<3
making a presentation on how to use 1st
- tears in Tonga too. Lozi its "mioko".
Only we can dictate when the narration of our story will cease.
I wanna go laser tagging.
Painkillers please
I remembered!!!!! Lol
Stand-in gig completed successfully. Nice gig with a great and on the ball crew.
The FullContact Ruby Library Developer Challenge is a wrap, thanks for your submissions. Winners will be announced April 25th!
Apparently i forgot how slow this coffee shop is.
Ended a very long live cashless streak but 9th after coming in 3/9 at 300 Rivers FT. QQ<AA. YUCK!!!YUCK!!!!
I cant even f*ck with you tonight big dawg...thats a no go
really hoping you guys come out with the win!
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Tomato and Mushroom. Sugar free Lemonade Watermelon Rosemary.
Morning, Tearsa! Good night from the west coast!
Literally getting a hollywood deal after that performance
Deleted my tweet after I saw you already responded to a fellow follower who said same thing. Not your fault on that one then.
If you touch me, well I just think I’ll scream, cuz it’s been so long since someone challenged me.
the hawks are down by 1!!!! #GoHawks!!!
Follow Friday -
Watching the Notebook eating pop...actually, watching Rambo wrestling pillows and jumping off furniture
agreed brother.
RT Creativity is intelligence having fun. #Quote ~ Albert Einstein
At Marina Middle School waiting for Spanish class to start. Nostalgia. Why is it all middle schools smell the same?
#1 in the 'hood G!
Somethings are better left unsaid, but when the person has a hold on you always express your emotions.
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf
Baby steps
well where th have you been??
soccer tournament all day tomorrow.....
shutup, i don't need any of your useless quotes.
Ive txted over 13,000 messages what am i doing with my life ?
Ohio rep discussing history of relation btwn legislation, economy, & educational attainment.
btw, that pot roast was awesome! Everybody loved it!
I mean how u let a dude shove his crusty ass big man fist up ur pussy? And then say the shit feels good. No sir. Fuck alla that. Lol
I really wish I had a guy in my life right now. I wish I had someone to go home to with a bottle of wine and a night watching movies.
Wait a second, I have a foot fetish too, why can't I be on True Life?
Sup Gremlin.
Study: Type 2 diabetes tougher to treat in teenagers
This weekend went by so fast it's not even funny.
There better not be any complaints with this Mothers Day feast I've planned. Went all out with beef jerky that has cheese mixed in already
Happy Hump Day, Tweeps!!!
Gotta pee brb
- After an argument I think about the clever things I should have said. lol
1st half was awesome!!! ROCK ON BALTIMORE!!!!!
Gotta love the 4 hour work shifts
Have you wished your Alpha Delta Pi friends a happy Founders Day? was founded on May 15, 1851.
;) saturday morning Cool Motorbike images
congrats on making big money on that stock on friday..... You better be buying drinks at the #trumptower before Fed!
the best thing though is the Heat look upset and rattled - not a sign of confidence moving forward no matter game outcome
nothing chillen are u single
lol well carry on then
Will do - thanks!
dude do it now! hahaha
Hi Camden, when should we expect the movie to be released? Looking forward. Thanks!
#Note2self never go anywhere especially out of town when your shits not planned lol .....
We should organize a stake-out
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate that I'm so lazy. It makes me worry and over think my future.
Trying to figure out how many Nerf Darts one should receive with a new Nerf Dart gun....
Last but not least? Yeah right.
I know a bear named Yogi bear, Yogi Yogi..
they must have $$$
Did you know you were beautiful? Well you are. Good day now (:
that is just impossible to answer! they're both so amazing!
alright now. You betta make it happen. :):) Proud of you. Treating me well. Planning album man.
Agreed, also need to drop PPV for a few fights RT : A1: Having events much earlier would help boxing tremendously.
On second thought, I'm wondering how that could be real...
If you're at #Lambeau today, #Packers fans, please leave hoarse! It's your duty for the day. Be Loud. Be Proud.
Laugh now cry later time to enjoy the fruits of my labors
yea how old are you where yu from
I am immoral awww yeah.
I said your my bestfriend, and your sexier then me
Congrats on the funding w/ & Klip is a great app for the capture & share of videos from mobile devices
Less than two weeks away from opening nite - July 23rd. Things are heating up in rehearsals!!!
Football with dad and Mik :)
nope quit being shady and text me sometime and we can do something!
That is hard. Have you identified your critical early customers, tested price points with them, & validated your product offering?
The Mac & Retna -"AVE MARIA" mural on that wall is my favorite piece here. ": The prettiest alley in Salt Lake."
Album is sick
my song !
great moments in team building tonight.
Coolest #superbowl halftime show. Ever! Madonna is as amazing as ever!
good mawning ms how r u
haha hashtag racist is just strange to see. I always knew you had it out for Lin.
got my world rocked Lastnight,All Night!,(Happydance)
Yes, it could have been more provocative (Durance is SEX incarnate after all) and it's missing the shield! :(
Everyone knows the best part of dinner is the #appetizers! Head to the bar from 4-7pm for 1/2 off select apps & enjoy with a $4 !
i have a purple belt too.
#dailyfeedback Today we'd like to pay tribute to one of the greats: send your favorite songs feat. Levon Helm. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
cuz I been busy. Took my mom out then straight to work.
he said "Hey Gurl!!!"
watchin Selena Gomez's Hit The Lights MV on MTV <3 Singing along even though it's 3 in the mornin.
Getting ready for #ActOfValor tomorrow at midnight.
MOVE ON MOVE ON MOVE ON MOVE ON
Hmm. Or, I could start building iPhone apps. :)
Wow. Joshua and Phillip singing one of my favorite songs of all time
you're very welcome. I like the site!
Did ANYBODY pay attention to Kobe's turnover?????????
I talk to all girls lol
My droid x and I just aren't seeing eye to eye today. So much wonkiness with this phone.
haha thanks Scotty...and what game are you talking about?
I'm just getting started...and trying to amuse myself while grading...
you got your wish. Brewers/cards.
yeah I got it back :)
Great job by to fix an out of character tweet. Thanks again
Stop for a bloody mary and brunch ' Today featuring 2 kinds of quiche served with homemade hashbrowns and fresh fruit $6.95
You got a rotten tooth, there i said it!!!!
i like your description.
... lol I mean q few ppl here and there
You are fantastic!
Okay Star Trek is pretty sweet...I know I am probably the only person to have not seen this film until now.
no problem! Thanks for tweeting about
mind to follow back?
Forget how worthless GoGo is when you fill the plane full of ruby nerds.
#Top5songsofalltimeforme "See the World" by Gomez. ALL TIME FAVORITE SONG.
How about a follow back?
Say "I" spell "map" and say "ness"
U GUYS! thanks to the Wilmette PD, I got my bike that was stolen in October back last night! intact! IT IS A FABULOUS MIRACLE OF POLICING
Any chance Wednesday works?
Fight the good fight and win the good war then get the good reward
I miss you!!!
Now I can't sleep, that's great :/
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
I love you ! <3
computer repair team: laptop re-imaged in an hour! client satisfied and blessed!
I swear i see her holding a different guys hand everyday!
speaking of which think im going to try this pintyintythingy today...
I love you!!!
Free music, free videos
So, ya know, I guess I'm concerned with the apparent censorship at Hogwarts...
I speak profound shit and they just say what sound slick.
“: hope ya'll are having fun in SD!!” def am.. Laying on the beach in La jolla...
I am so tired. Still have a bunch of things to do.
Time to make some big changes! No more tweaks!
"kick the tires and light the fires big daddy"! Let's go
Spent the entire weekend w/ on 's Scavenger Hunt. F'ing tired. Decent score, I think. We shall see. Sleep now...
Watchin a fight makes me wanna beat somethin like fa real
Please follow back!(: I would be super duper stoked! xD
Just passed the corner where Bob Hope used to sell newspapers. University Circle...105th & Euclid.
you got it, thnx for ur support
Quotable Quote for this Sunday's Worship “Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life.” William Congreve. Worship at 8:00 & 10:30!!!
Cheese enchildas. Also, the margaritas are legend. Oddly, the fried chicken is also popular. I like it smothered in queso.
22 Million For Justin #proud :')
Why would anyone even think about going into debt to go to college? Learn a skilled trade first!
Why did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool.
Writing tip of the day: "Often time, bad situations end up later being funny stories. Sometimes drama is good."
Shekinah is thirsty for some money smh
1k ante my bad
Was great getting out and playing catch with my step son today. Gridiron is next...he better watch out!
When was the last time you traveled for #genealogy purposes?
Reminder: Fundraiser to support PPPCS TOMORROW: 3pm-close , 15% of ALL drink & food sales! Grab a bite & help PPPCS!
You know, people like you really bug me...I've been on my ass in front of the bloody computer all day!!!
just checking, happy new years eve to u too baby girl!
I need to work on this more RT : I find life so much more peaceful when the only person I'm trying to please is myself.
Even with a stuffy nose and can hardly smell anything the #pungent #repulsive smell of these non-Americans on the train manages to prevail
Words With Friends friends who are cheating somehow, some way with your million-point words... I'm on to you.
RT "I do not like Jew jokes. Anne Frankly I won't stand for them."
In law school they never mentioned that "murder in 2d degree" was code for "murder-but only of a black boy so it doesn't matter as much."
Both pitchers scheduled to start in Texas' doubleheader today are on my roster in the #tweetsmackleague. Interesting. Go Rangers, I guess?
Mom took my phone away . -.- mom gave it to sister to give to me . bye for now .
Need to hit the gym today!
:) RT of course! ("The Artist" deserved the best picture Academy Award.)
Dance Duel on DWTS
There be some cute black boys on twitter lol forreal .
Ha. I will definitely run that story if it happens! :) Happy Monday to you!
YES IT IS! and no
Want to build trust? Credibility and reliability are key. But more important is intimacy. And that comes from real listening. - Chad Timothy
what kind of sushi?
Heyy(: We haven't been on here in a whilee
I'm changing my middle name to "WaitForIt".
Cap space in your brain, right? MT : This will clear cap space RT : New wedding series "Ev & Ocho" premiering in Sept
There are too many douches in this world now a days. :pp
I love it! The drive from Malibu to Santa Monica is one of the best views in America.
Jane Caminos~ A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
J Crew is the shit
silly me, ofcourse that would be too easy if you gave us the infro before!
yaaay :D & well thats because you never hit me up :(
and is wearing a 'Cuse shirt today?! What does think about this? (Go Cuse!!)
Hahahaaaa lame“: Guys think they're slick. What makes you think it's ok to call me this late to come watch a movie!! #FAIL SMFH”
(Alexander Pope) Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
Oops! I just saw NY Times rate: $35/mo! That's $420/yr. Wow. Spendy, in my book.
RT : is certainly to credit with introducing us. I was blown away at how much I had in common with so many.
thanks! Hope it turns out well for everyone! :)
just finished a location project. 2 hour project became 7 hours, but it was fun and a win win for both of us and the client.
Only this: thank you so much for hosting these. Invaluable.
Congrats! Where? (If you're not already a member, I'd suggest it. Lots of cool people in similar-type jobs.)
The awful #decompressionchamber meme from newgrounds didn't make it to twitter? :(
Good morning, wonderful Monday to all, order your day in the best way to make it work for you!
I am a part of a group called the chosen people.. We do not need sympathy (unlike your people) Ha!
I'm in! I've posted 3. Search #GraceRules. Didn't have room to post ur twitter name. This 140 characters thang is challenging.
“: Chances are I'll be seeing in Tulsa this summer.” yep
Headed to Austin, TX to attend NHSA's Executive Leadership Institute with
shoot I'd be one too if all my friends were gone on vacation too.
Had a great time last night at the live show taping of #BabyDaddy :) Thanks to the amazing cast + crew for making me feel so at home!
RT : Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Our pleasure, glad you enjoyed #WestSideStory, and thanks for the great feed.
RT - My ex came to my during Monday Night FootBall. New England Patriots where playing the Colts She was stoned from the...
tried it before. Is it better now??
You might want to unfollow. Lol
Acts 20:24 But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy....
Put it in the books! Congrats D-Wright on becoming the #Mets all time RBI leader
Day O sound in almost underway. check here for details www.earprint.com/dayofsound.html
you went to subway right bro? Lol
is CRAZY! Good Lord! She's the new Danielle. Always starting drama b/c her own life sucks. She needs help... pronto!
check our website for information on the billboard! www.fortheloveoflisa.com
Tailgating before the #Hurricanes vs #Sabers game! Beautiful here in Raleigh! Who Hoooooo
Pretty sure my CS5 crashes were more of a large file size issue. Have not upgraded yet - let me know pros/cons
When things go wrong, NEVER blame other, look at yourself first, maybe you're the one who's caused it.
Yes colds work great for the "froggy" jobs! Ha! Glad you are doing better!
Hmm... this is how I fixed the problem. I was having same issue. The only other spot may be in your Twitter settings
Waiting for #tsclouddemo to start in San Antonio! Go Appsembler!
Report: Nate Tibbetts interviews with Charlotte #Bobcats on Monday
“: Unpro” please explain your 'cryptic' tweet?!?
OMG!!!! You are so lucky!! Wish to be on your place.. :/
Ah I love having little ones that #believe...because threatening to cancel Christmas is still an effective form of discipline.
try 90! Tell me if u make it lol
U BAD
Buoyed by MSG, no doubt. RT : A very upbeat Andy Roddick in press: "I feel like something good is coming."
#Music, moody food of us that trade in love.--William Shakespeare
I'm so tired ;/
Pirates of the Caribbean Jack: Been there? Teague: Does this face look like it's been to the fountain of youth? Jack: Depends on the light.
Friar Lawrence is sweaty throughout this whole movie.
The New york weather will be great this week. That means I better start planing mini-adventures.
naw send it
Dance, even if you have nowhere to do it but your living room. ~Kurt Vonnegut
A #RealGirlFriend allows her man 1free pass per year 2fuck whoever he wants long as shes involved,the girls STD free,& is also attracted her
Dance while cooking a healthy breakfast.
but I am fooooreal
same here too much actually ahah
good idea.
KEEP GOING you will make it though it, and stronger than ever before. I love you!
Thunder...big. Lakers are a fraud.
I appreciate it, Bridget :) RT hahaha really Bridget...lol
When you say or do something without putting yourself in their poistion, your more than likely not giving a fuck.
welcome to my twitter world
i dnt know when imma be there..sorry the message is like 5 days late..u still be at volleyball?
tlaking to eric about what to do about this thing that we are wrokign on
If yesterday taught me anything, its that somebody is spiking the water supply with a heavy handed dose of stupidity.
Sigh. Drupal search block keeps disappearing for authenticated users. No good reason - all the settings are right.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people who don't give a shit.
pats giants THAT SUCKS plus maddona at halftime I hope theres a Big Bang marathon
#Hawks, meanwhile, have 9 PFs. #Celtics have 9 FTA to the #Hawks 2...important to be aggressive on the road and force the issue
looking forward to tonight's event
Disney on Ice today at 5pm. Visit us for lunch or dinner, Kids Eat Free with the purchase of any adult entree or sandwich!...
AlphaStripe is an online community for veterans, their families, friends and supporters. Tweet #leanvote2012-7 to support this ASU start-up.
RT : No matter the political party, education has to be at the top of a governor’s to-do list.
that's what's up mr councilman “: Yes it does. More to come! Our Home... Our City... Our Future... #tonytonitone”
I hate it when journacles get stuck on the bottom of my papers.
How did that turn out?": When the Mets sweep this series, the Phillies will be 4 games under .500 for first time since 5/9/07"
Yankees jump out to a 2-0 led in the 3rd. Sabathia looking sharp.
LOL IM LIKE SO RETARDED AROUND PEOPLE I DONT KNOW ITS HILARIOUS.
Another really good episode of Waiting Room Radioshow on now. Give it a listen!
It just dawned on me that must be a driver of some sorts
good depth
still debating if I should bring my camera
Most bosses are male, right? And most people on birth control are women. I mean, I assume so.
Anyone else want to be an admin I'll pick 2 more people! ~Ashley
That show is just painful to watch these days.
omg u got a dog named jasper...?!
Perk to working in a retirement home: nobody's in their "honeymoon" stage so I don't have to look at love in the face!!! Score!!
He'll have his flask
Thanks for the RT! Hope all is well at #TempleU Japan.
no seething in a while?
Dinner: Fried calamari. Fried zucchini. A dressing soaked salad. Amazing pizza. 3 martinis and a scotch. I am disgusting. But happy.
So our tweet 7 hours ago had legs...time to bring Phil Jackson to the Garden
O, !!! RT : Tim's in tech jail.. Dead battery on his droid!! Ha ha we can talk about him!!
Going to overtime in Canton!!! Two clutch 3 pointers in the last few seconds to send it to OT! Go !!!!!
Hi Caro! I can't message you back because Preston Paper is not following me!
IM DYING LOLOLOLOL
Tell Kobe I said Turn on dat switch tonight ! We NEED THIS GAME !
If anyone is or know someone that is selling tickets to WWE Raw tonight, please let me know :)
yes, believing for an even better one today :) praying for you friend!
Come by our office 530 S. Boyle, 90033 enjoy the food, music, games, and el Teatro del Pueblo
well I do have a bow and arrow RT borrow rubens purple pants and buy a purple shirt and sew some blue parts on to it
thanks for the RT!:)
Each and every athlete that trains with us WILL GET BETTER! We Go Hard!
agreed!...thx for engagemt Make it a great wkend!
thanks for the follow!
Will be giving a plenary address at #joyce2011, "The Einstein of English Fiction"
a movie about a newspaper reporter who becomes a columnist. Reluctantly. Lol
Wow, thank you so much!! :)
Starting to plan a May trip to Japan (Tokyo, Kyoto & Osaka). Anyone got lodging suggestions?
Why do people keep telling me people are saying bad things about me on twitter? Geez what did I do?
Former beauty queen & now Israeli Knesset Member is on with us right now at www.radiokolamerica.com
Lmao. Okay, I just did. :D
You are a punny punny man!
sen. jon erpenbach in verona tonight, town meeting style q&a, this weekend he will be in oshkosh at the recall hopper hq on sat-
Got my tickets to see #Furthur at Red Rocks September 21 and 22 today!
Might do some renovations ..
nah in the Atl. Chilling
lol just said Orson Welles wrote 1984
put some old bay on it!
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme!! :)
Do you always get up so early??
Starfish haven't got brains. #odd facts
I know! That was one of my favorites! Every round of #jhuDC is AMAZING.
Thanks for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
It's official: our next LA show will be at Largo on May 8 @ 8pm! Tix info soon. Pen it into your calendars, Moms. iPhones, everyone else.
your friends look good but you look better :*
Hey guys, did you hear about that fight?!
Animation Final: Time a kissing scene / French Film Paper: Disillusioned Youth / Film Theory Paper: Feminism. TOO MUCH PSYCHOANALYSIS!!!!!!!
It's gotta be you.
17 4 shots and expect to win?! Ya right
Learn about C history at Breakheart - Wicked Local
It was at 10:30 a.m. You can catch the last 1/2 of it on City TV right now.
Calling me fat and lazy isn't going to motivate me to not be fat and lazy. Sorry.
I've got kitchen tools now. Less take-out!
Deciding between mapping with or zen grids with is a VERY difficult choice.
ketchup-braised tofu from = C-. tastes like a lot of ketchup, tofu, and rice.
: & wondering how much of shifts in online practices can be attributed to platform affordances, formats.
Forgot to mention that I'm performing with Norm MacDonald tonight, and next Saturday with Norm at the House of Blues in Vegas.
hahaha #yolo #bluesmoothies. Ps: Tmrw nights meal in the 41 N Mills kitchen: Ham by J.A.M.
Tweet Sh*t
true! I have some....LOL!
same here -__- B days make my day ;D but i think you like A cause-of-whats-his-face ;P
That "aww Fuck" moment when your mom calls to say she's almost home & you realize you haven't done anything that she asked you to do
evening with & co to wrap up a lovely time at home! back to the midwest tomorrow.
Hope your all enjoying shopping!!! #Black Friday
Id do anything to help out a friend :-)
#Garbage in-garbage out!... to my friend watching trashy TV (jerryspringer show). What you put INTO your #MIND is what You GET out of it!
still up....blue and gold.
Did a party Friday & Saturday night for my NFL partners .it was Of the fuckin chain. Thk all my Cali D Gurls for puttin on a good show
hoppy feet now on tap at
You know how you can find me on twitter. Check your followers. I'm one of the 7. Love you!
Resting... Wonderful Saturday... Selamat bermalam minggu kawan,, do drive when you drink!!!
Can you say Ironman? RT : PJ Berry THROWS a Touchdown pass to Randy Hymes! Power lead 34-24!!!
Ditto girl. Coffee soon!
that awkward moment when u catch someone starring at u in class... and u wonder how long they have been staring!
SEGVFH wins baby now to long island
things will never be the same
Oh, well screw that. I'll just download Angry Birds. It's only an hour. Thanks.
You just never realize how much a situation weighs on you until you take it captive, kick it to the curb and move forward.
Great convo w/ my DP on virtues of shooting film.Planning & scheming for Aug.Lush Southern landscape on stock?Yes, please.
Nice what is your new job abt and what funding have u received? am impressed
#WhyDoIAlways worry about the little things
That level of awareness and reaction is thrilling and scary. Knowing they wanted to bank a shot off him from behind? Whoa.
"One disaster less."
Kevin lmao No I don't wanna
I need some too lol
Thank you! One of our coordinators (who will remain nameless) forgot to charge hers last night.
if that was a foul, i'm a tranny.
the Pat's have won that division already, Fin's have a rookie " QB " Jets- Tebow Bills- no one cares
“: why u didnt get any;)”Get any what?
Oh you bet! You should probably join in... really misses you. He cried last time I saw him.
A Light Analysis of LED emergency lighting products
Phillip Phillips is definitely one of my favorites on American idol :) he's gonna go far!
I know what's in your mind but if you knew the convos we have...you'd think differently.
: #ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny The Count of Horny Cristo
Working on speeding up our 3D tech. Its been running slow & we have some live courses to demonstrate its capability coming up.
I love sleeping on weekends! Goodmorning twiggahs! :)
No one really cares about the top 5 guys you like....
You better get to gettin on your goodbye shoes.
what's your favorite Johnny's Pizza location?
B.o.B goes hard.
good luck sweetheart!
i didn't even realize it was bear baiting. Can't get any more cowardly than hunting like that.
It was a blast, mate. Happy travels back to the UK.
It's a beeauuuttifffuuull day here in NYC! What's your workout for the day? Outdoor ride, maybe? Who ran the Central Park 10k this morning?
I did more of that yesterday. but we did get out in the sun for a few minutes lol
Decisions decisions.....
with data or feeling?
Wondering if will attend the inaugural on May 21. Welcome to Chef Jason!
Red SOLO cup....I lift u up...proceed to party!
no Manu no Tony on road and it's tied! What you talking bout?
Summer is almost here! What a better way to start it off by watching BOP play at the Deering Grange on June 20!
Awaiting the Amanda Knox verdict. Should be interesting no matter what happens.
lmfao same. that was the worst either jerking or skidding
Our delegates are now standing in hours-long line to cast their vote for our campaign! Thank you for your dedication
My contract with Sprint is done in three weeks. Decisions, Decisions. Any recommendations? I almost want to wait for new iPhone...almost.
Thanks! I'll make sure to do that now! Can you DM me the best email address to send to please?
Just a special hi ya, to my momma. Sorry for being such a hermit. Luv n miss ya. Will try n see ya tomorrow
ok I have to be up in 3 hrs.. guess I'm just taking a nap? Don't like mornings... sigh
Brb gonna go make a Gossip Girl blog... None of you are safe. XOXO Gossip Girl.
awesome! If your tweets are as good as ur speeches, we're all in luck! ;)
5 Times When Getting Married Seemed the Thing to Do- I love this poem more each time I hear it. Cheers to getting it right
We are back in LA and back in the game!
Have a wonderful birthday !
Now following
s/o to yourselves beautiful people
The guy next to me wants to race me on the treadmill...#bringiton ;D
More #FF shout-outs...
Thanks, Butcher
"Madonna's DNA" is much more useful than "Adonis DNA"
I'd like everyone to please fuck the fuck off.
You didn't even talk to me today </3
By the way, (Good Releasing) is our DVD distributor. They sell to the adult & LGBT/feminist stores in all of North America :)
@ shibby103 you awake? At startbucks, be there in 20
Sad to hear the news about Don Cornelius...
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
My crappy blackberry as it is, cracked last night.. Cause I guess I've dropped it enough times.. Well hopefully getting a new phone soon.
Don't post anything you wouldn't want your boss to see. Couldn't agree more , you're a rep of your company at all times
“: Ethnic pubs are 1 bright spot in civic journalism. - CUNY Dean Sarah Bartlett" #onanyc cc:
With that said: Hi, my name is Dave, & I'm a bandwagon #Pirates fan. I've always liked baseball, but hockey has been 90% of my sports fandom
At the very least Mulder and Scully would have a way to deal with the bounty hunter. Even the audience knows, THEY CAN'T TALK.
Vinny, can you please follow my new account
Yay! Thank you.
Senator Kent Conrad is a Democrat from North Dakota who just voted against a public option. He is up for reelection in 2012.
Great time last night! - thanks to everyone who came out and kept the beers flowing at Paxti's pizza!
Not having this wallpaper no more
Wisdom comes with the stride of life so take every step with strength
Good thing about #womensfinalfour short lines for men's restroom
Another bone marrow donor has been identified from the USC drive I did with my donor recipient Rhonda last year!
< loving life
after MJ and tied with Usher!
OH MAN. Coworker singing Here Comes The Rooster at the top of his lungs. I don't think he knows I'm still here.
Dreamin w a broken heart last night. I was at a game. were all there
The world wants $AAPL while the markets have started a stelth correction. The money is in and now we churn. Expanding short lines
That's certainly different from how we do things. Interesting!
At least you're a happy girl :) & hehe! Ooohooh mama made me tea, Victory! <U+2665>
Tip for project evaluation: "Doctoral students r always looking for dissertation topics!" -M. Greene, Nicholson Fdn
On the note of coffee would dig talking about the ways us UX folks can manage our work via agile. In ADM today & thinking about it
Just did a guest star role on Last Man Standing (Tim Allen's new show ABC). Nice to be back in the game.
Happy Friday! If your feet could take you away for the weekend where would you want them to take you?
Come to Chicago <U+2708>
I'm at Borders in Greendale wrapping gifts to benefit !
Why can't we be friends?
Revealing, ! Most industry-internal awards are shammy anyway - but does much more (good) as a community & organization.
RT : I feel sorry for the people who have all these followers but no friends
Johansson literally has contributed nothing at all this series.
#thingsIgetalot "your so tall."
well u run like 10 miles A day
You're right. ALEC is a bunch of communists.
finally... all the good things i hear about a book are actually true. #hungergames is amazing!!! on to book two!
Happy happy happy
Oh yeah! Mine says "kachow" all the time now. It's a cute movie:-)
Really? No tweetpic on that?
hahaha, it's okay ;) being tall isn't fun.. lol
#10FactsAboutMe I love & . Don't like it? Unfollow me girl.
Cuz its friday
#OWIF: THAT IS THE BIGGEST RIVER CARP I HAVE EVER SEEN. It is the size of a DeLorean.
Can't let the BS get to me !
Be careful to avoid carbs and eat mostly meat, fish, and veggies and drink LOTS of water (1/2 gallon per day)
Post yoga beer? RT : Happy Queen's Day! Wear orange today for a free Grolsch!
That's cheery.
all in fun, friends :)
I know...come on now!!!
Starting the day with a little Wynonna Judd - "Testify to Love" :) Headed to church... teaching Sunday school. Love my kiddos.
RT - New Orleans Saints vs Jacksonville Jaguars this Sunday!! Can't Wait!! Love My Saints!!!
Not too much longer until Chain Reaction with and ! December 17th. Mark your calendars.
Congratulations to Paula Ursino for being our 1,000th computer that walked in our store today! Can we hit 2,000 by the end of 2012?
OHO! actually just 2.... cuz technically the other one's "mine" ;) xD
Hey I need to speak to you about the focus group project I talked to you about while at Lorraine B.'s quarterly meeting.
So I hear it snowed near LA. And you thought you could get away from it...looks like it's trying to follow you.
I feel sick.
Times are sure changing...aren't they Char!
Refreshed after stint out of town. Bay Area looks shining & lovely, w/ lots going on here & gen'l vibe of allowance to take different paths.
Cant go wrong with RHCP & Tom Petty pandora <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Vote YES for Issue 15 - It's not a tax increase. Renewing support for Health and Human Services in Cuyahoga County.
going to bed good night
Propaganda does not deceive people; it merely helps them to deceive themselves.
Seriously though, if you're right about the word's history & "Jazz = N****r", then it's an easy call to stop using it. But (cont'd)
I hate it so fucking much when a butch don't let me finish what I'm saying while in talking and then she keeps talking n interrupting me!!
Thanks for the mention! BTW do you still have your notes on my novel. I need them.
Bucks game tonight. Busy busy busy. Thank god for Coming soon to
They're only truly great who are truly good. -George Chapman
you got two ears so that you can listen twice as much as you speak
Man ... Im at the bank now and i left Lady in the car.... These people better hurry up cause she's liable to piss in my car lol
(If you liked 's keynote, come chat with us and get a free copy of one of our books at 2:50 in the booth.)
take some flats
I'm done eating
does he believe in big stomachs? then he should take a look at my moms pregnant stomach.
Its the dream of the 1890s in Portland
I can't, I already fell for you.
Join us for #live music tonight. Homemade Italian, a full bar and great tunes from Nucklehead -- couldn't get much better than that, #Indy!
We like that idea, too. ;)
UGH! What was the book you talked about instead?
Loving the updates on OWS meeting! Thank you!
golf team chessey is out.
Classy, Bergenheim. Dropping a People's Elbow in front of the ref.
This is the day the Lord has made; we will rejoice & be glad in it. ~Psalm 118:24
Florida y tu
Thank you good brother! I appreciate the support! 06!
where yal at
Be one of the lucky folks who get to be part of my 30 Day Shakeology Challenge! U still have time to commit and create a better u! DM me!
I still have to watch tonight's episode! I love Dayana!! She is stunning
Crash ends high speed fugitive chase in North County.. & another chase ends with a crash into an OB tattoo shop & fight with cops.. News8
Ugh, the trolls are all over the #ala12 hashtag.
I consume most through legal streaming sites, but I do still watch [as] on Saturday nights.
I really don't need this today.
Change Layla's theme already! COME ON NOW!
Who also is a 1D fan?! :)
Prepare for the worst, Hope for the best best survival product here. Stop being ignorant. Start Preparing now! www.magictowelusa.com
“: Just shut up and kiss me already”
Losing the feeling of feeling unique
eh, it happens. Brush your shoulders off and rest. Then get revenge. A good race is always better when it follows a bad one. ;)
...to finish my BA degree in History and English and teaching certificate to teach middle school.
Me an my krew checked out ya beats fam were willin to cop 50 of ya top beatzz of ya for our next 50 songz!
A miracle!
night Dave!
i love it when fat people referr to it as "girth"
Be unique..Anybody can copy
Tell me about it!
is #Gadhafi dead, or is he just being used in a different way?
A loving family provides the foundation children need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman - bonded together for life...
12 hour drive to Charlotte, NC!! Finally have my car again!
I suspect this is as close as I'm going to get to proper summer weather in #SF...thankfully we have data collection in Fresno in July.
Just recording some new tracks, coming soon
Americans have two opinions on soccer. They either hate MLS, or hate the sport period. (Climb that wall, guys.)
THX! RT : Follow Friday: places that pair well w/ NCT.
Please note that "#TraditionalMarriage" is incrsngly earning the scare-quotes in the MSM once foisted upon
OMG...she looks like Kramer on the Seinfeld episode when he couldn't stop smoking cigars!
Need 3,000 anyone want to give me a s/o
I haven't needed the SE Yankee thread as much as I need them right now.
Including myself, I count 6 comedians at this Devo show...so far... Dun dun dun!--> so really 5?
A wise woman once said to me "You only fail if you stop trying. Never give up." <3 Luv you mom!
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes. - Jack Handey
Haha. We have one of those,Mitch Maier has multiple scoreless outings for us. Yost wasted him in the outfield!
eating a margherita pizza...reminding me of Spain and going to the internet cafe. #canwegoback?
“: Exited to sing tomorrow en español at First wednesday! Don't miss out ”
I am in love with your icon! :) and you @ is cute too.
What the heck is that?
Ok. #Browns on the clock with choice of WRs, OL or DB. this will be interesting.
Listening to #Harry Potter as read by #stephenfry - I love his dulcet tones.
OMG my ipod blacked out now i gotta go get a new one tomorrow good thing i have a warranty on this crap :)
Don't cry during class. Don't cry during class. Don't cry during class. Don't cry during class. Don't cry during class.
Roseanne's new show is cancelled!!!! no i can't go back 2 reruns of her old show
I miss catching random episodes of SBTB while channel surfing. I also miss cable, sometimes
iNTERESTING QUESTION: More stubborn? Barry or Bo? RT : Barry Alvarez just threw his cell phone at the wall
I'll only retweet you if my 8x10 is of the relic...
yes! Open at 9am for xtreme black (out) brunch with orange (juice) mimosas! Baseball themed food specials! Hot dog omelettes?!
Thanks for shopping. Enjoy the new kicks!
cool. Thanks for letting us know!
#Steelers really sucked today, glad the #Giants won... Went to a rodeo yesterday & today, we had a blast
what do u want josh
LIONS should pick up Thomas Jones! yes yes yes!
Anyone out there think I should take for a cookie?
I believe that Jews and Arabs may live together. It's not an easy thing but I believe we can reach an agreement.
I'm Alive been super crazy lately!!!
Enjoyed schmearing bread w/ you last night! Thanks for the shoutout!
#REELHEROESCINEMA IS HERE BITCH!!!
I'm 26 douche
Yes Indeed!
Thank goodness the birther issue has been resolved! And look @ Trump driving the debate. 2012 is going to be fun!
Saw your piece this am. I am very Proud of you. Keep it up. Ouch on the Board. what is that message.
My kind of decisions. ;)
I love black veil brides !!! What's your fav song!?
They changed the name to 'Facebook' because 'Stalk my ex' seemed a bit too creepy.
lol thats a damn shame, you shouldn't be in trouble for "always being right". It's their damn fault! lol
revo san diego meeting tonight!
What the hell are we watching?
It is...this is my second trip. Best brewery tour I've been on, and a good restaurant to boot.
good luck this season. LWSS
07 Allora Petite Sirah. 3% Cab Sauv. Some spice on a closed nose. Hard to get by huge tannins. Concentrated, thick, promising. 88 pts.
woot!! How'd it go??
More problems for Toyota. Now it's the Prius getting complaints. And it's not the sticking gas pedal attention, but faulty brakes.
: "Poverty is highest it's been in 50 years, we must lower it by empowering #entrepreneurs."
2012 film watching! #42. The Birth Of A Nation (Griffith, 1915). An amazing acheivment by Griffith, but terribly propagandic and racist.
Aint this cloud pretty !!
It amazes me how fake some people are. Screw you
smokin out these basements and stairways, the kush that i smoked last night looked like it had a bad hair day
... real cadets do Maroon 5 covers :)
i need to drink..or smoke...or both
Playin with my new phone, maybe this will help me like Twitter as much as Facebook LOL
we lost ZBO and was a top 4 team in the West lol. We can't lose Marc though. Rudy or ZBO are both expendable
well how did the race go not by TV or news but twitter let us know asap
Tired as fuck and stuck working all day. Fuck me. It's gonna be a long ass day and you better bet I'm not doing shit tonight.
&...Men love a woman that can ride....
ok, so I'm here for my class, but shhh, don't tell... I'm kind of excited.
New pillows. <3
is planning a gourmet dinner for his best man and his very pregnant wife tonight!
I asked for cheapest 18 pk of #Beer? Natural Ice $10.99. Only 2 reasons you buy NASTY ICE! 1, You love 2. Broke
free donut w that large coffee if you are an aarp member
SLICK MOTHERFUCKING LIVING! <U+E402><U+E402><U+E057><U+E057>
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. Robert F. Kennedy
will do thanks :) now I need to find that thingy so I can do it..
The Heat doesnt need the touch fouls to beat the Knicks but, they don't mind the help.
I do have a car. But It needs a new tire :l
RT : Given that 85% of learning is peer2peer, platform & thinking still struggling to adjust to enabling this...
THEY TOOK AWAY MY DOLLHAIRS
With all the craziness of last week and last night I find myself most thankful this morning for the power of the rubber chicken
Don't forget BOYS' LIFE magazine. Fun, colorful, interesting, bite sized chunks of reading.
& is so cute
If you #FF us we'll #FF you back!!!
I wish I could...it is REALLY wet
Thanks for the RT.
....the time of day when you realize you haven't done your timesheet for three days and it is due by EOD
My girls birthday tomorow and i cant't forget my dogs!
sike bitch. wtf do i look like.
Finished paper #1. Head swimming from too much thai food. Gonna go start Anthropology of an American Girl
3 day weekend coming up - trying to balance my travel bug with my budget and impending Hurricane Irene. I love a challenge!
the sender may be hard of hearing.
GUESS WHAT!? I love you.
Congratulations. Impressive.
How tf it's a "off guard" pic and you holding the damn camera....-__-
This Tuesday May 8th I'm playing Piano Bar in Hollywood. 10pm No Cover.
Happy birthday ! Can't wait to see you!!
I know you are
Of course, I'm not really sure what the battle is, or if I need to win it.
i think about her 99.9% of my life!i am a true bieliber.i just caught the bieber fever!I LOVE YOU JUSTIN DREW BIEBER!NEVER SAY NEVER!
Congrats but ''get over it''? I wasnt even there. If I was your tweet wouldn't exist.
don't say intense
Plus, most of the ppl texting in your story were standing still. Worry about those who kill, not those who sprain their ankles.
Hi Mike, all DGDG locations are offering a daily special 15.00 oil change. email me at if you would like
Here's to hoping I escape another w/o John Clarke streaming down from heaven and stripping me of the title, "Baptist."
Live music at Varsity Bar! Tonight, Marshall Hood, Jansen Hawkins and Mike Dubose. $5 cover, music starts at 6pm.
And if it does rain, they won't sit around to finish this one. Nope, they'll postpone it so fast.
"Make me to hear joy and gladness, Let the bones which You have broken rejoice". Psalm 51:8. What does joy SOUND like?
Out for sushi and a movie with my beautiful wife of 3 fantastic years, love you !
I wonder if Eric Holder needed a picture ID to run for Atty General? Obviously he didn't need to pass an IQ test!
haha. I have another exclusive spot. I'll let you know but it's not for the public.lol
its okay.. me too
followback Is an Hot account related to Porn :*
To clarify, I'm not performing someone else's song or doing a cover. I'm writing a BRAND NEW song, so I need a style (rock, new age, etc.)
I still can't believe that my fave songwriter EVER Diane Warren responded to my tweet! I <3 her! :)
I love when company's websites are down for maintenance + they give you a coupon code for the inconvenience! I always go back!
are you Asian?
There are so many cunts on this bus.
RT : #Hair Tip: Once done blow #drying, flip your #hair upside-down & blast it with cool setting to set style & add
Should I hit the buffet ?
excellent point. :) actually, i would love to pick your brain on that. i'll write you an email.
College assignments are such a pain.
“: OH: Strongsville LHP Connor Ryan, one of the top unsigned arms in the state, has committed to DIII powerhouse Marietta.”
G'Morning, Work Flow $
RT : Remember this tomorrow: In any difficult situation, instead of reacting by feeling victimized, take responsibility...
We are in no way shape form or a fashion a fluke company....i will be posting pics of Madden 11 in my hands a week early
gotta c that!
"Transparency is a foolish ideal. Life becomes intolerable without a capacity for secret....". --Alain de Botton Read his bright mind
#FF fun design bloggers & cool cohorts
Claims wimax is good option for wisps
I will LITERALLY give you $36 to clip off ur foreskin and drop it in tea tomorrow at lunch
A feather is better than the turd of a bird
Feeling immense #gratitude for state #DHS employees across US who are helping locate #data for my #dissertation with little real incentive.
It's a staggeringly beautiful day in Van today. Too bad I've spent the last 4 hours inside grading-should be free by Mon when it'll rain
Good job!
It has been a long day. I NEED to check Cher's twitter. Omg that ended up as 6 r's and i wasn't counting... O.o
Pre Prom Porch Party tomorrow night #myporch #alliteration <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
ARE YOU FOLLOWING ask her anything about cooking
Tomorrow is my day at Open Door Family Medical Centers. What is your favorite childrens book to read out loud?
Next year, should arrange for babysitting services ;)
To lessen the risk of injury in exercise, enhance mind-body awareness and improve quality of life. This is our mission...
Librarians are your very best friend. And don't ever think otherwise. - Rett MacPherson
Any 'best practices' (though I dislike that term) around ensuring participation on wikis? Social networks?
yeah i agree hahaha and all over tumblr
Getting prepped for an interview with tomorrow! Prediction: His new song, "So Good" will be a Summer anthem!
We used 2 pass out "Thank you" cards 2 teachers & admins & mailed them 2 a teacher they wanted 2 remember & thank #iaedfuture Tchr Apprec
So what's this sucker punch thing? Is it some sort of sailor moon movie?
Omg I have this girl falling me ever where this bitch needs to go away
Niggas Say They Just Had a Death In The Family And You "Like" It On Facebook And "RT" On Twitter <<<< -__- WTF !!
Shelby doing any shows?
girl, what are we gonna do about the bulls? i want them to win the east this year. i think they can beat miami in 7 games.
First Tweet since Dec. 31, 2011
gonna go drown myself in holy water. brb
"Looking forward to taking my lovely wife to dinner tonight."
Rich Eisen & Director Peter Berg ( of FNL) on Concussion Prevention - podcast... go 16:00 mark..retweet
Water Transportation Reviews – Bridge work continues to be a focus ...
A little freaky but so innovative! RT Newcastle using SD as part of its optical illusion ad campaign! ow.ly/6aCpn
the #ogg thing
Your a producer???
OK Twitter nation, can't think of a better way to start off than with a shameless plug. Honey Orange Scones at courtskitchen.wordpress.com!
nyc for a hot minute
bro im going to miss you!! Good luck on everything!!(:
What up niggas this is my 1st post. Wanna know what I'm doin, I'm naked watching titanic... Lol don't ask
Quite right. It's unwatchable dreck.
Does anyone ever call Raleigh "R-Town"? If not, can we start? Gonna be a hot Friday night tonight in R-Town; come gitcha some froyo, yo.
Steak and Mashed Taters for dinner. Epic win.
It's all illegal now. RT Since today is Saturday, do something you loved to do on a Saturday when you were 13.
haha is that a joke for the fights after the game ;)
“: I speak 4 languages: profanity, english, sarcasm & real sh*t.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
we miss you
It's a Billy Joel kind of night
that time when you remember that Tony Parker is French.
I do too! lol they sang "Chasing the sun!" :)
lol I ain't got no curfew!
RT : Fast shouts and for always doing stellar work!! you def want to do work with them!
We got our first screen print machine yesterday and it feels god!
The Internet is BORING! But thanks for letting me buy 2 books with super saver shipping in 2 clicks. X
Today , shares how to use #edtech to #expandlearning after school at
Nonprofits Missing Out on Pro Bono, Volunteer Opportunities, Survey Finds -Philanthropy News Digest 4 19 09
1 more exam
#newmusic #bands #indie bands #hiphop bottom line we want to hear about it and write about your band or project. hit us back with a direct 1
Pulling in the lead in my #twitterwar with #followme and at the end of Feb he will have to donate to ! Please Share!
West L.A.
RT : case and point. <<Huh??? Scratching my head son??
merry christmas eve, hope your day is ARIANATASTIC! lol
When two people care about each other, they will always look for a way to work, no matter how hard it is.
~If you don't build your DREAM, someone will hire you to help build theirs.~
Crazy good practice day. Have 1 of 3 drumkit solos ready for Drumageddon Manhattan. Jazz kit is ready to be rocked live!
DC: Join us tonite at Bill Lightfoot's place; fundraiser for Kwame Brown, next Chair of the DC Council! Suggested donation, $50.00. max 2K!
Oo somewhere around that number. Sinabi mo pa :)
I love you, but why don't you respond to my texts, mi amor?
can stanton/hill earn Stafford trophies too? RT : Stafford doesn't need a heisman. He has 14 stafford trophies at home.
Check out 's blog on Pinterest! Great way to save all of life's little inspirations-making mine now!
on a more serious note, what I've heard of colors is amazing. You guys killed it. -Zach.
Follow for more real time updates.
poor kara. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> we freaking need her.
be interesting by being interested
Looking for a letterpress apprentice (or journeyman) in our Salem, OH shop. Good eye, mechanically-minded + dirty nails preferred. DM us
Congrats! Fantastic news.
On twitter is a closet lefty. Pass a tweet his way.
Loading up on soup loaded with garlic and herb teas. Guzzling EmergenC like there's no tomorrow. Still no voice, but don't feel too bad.
Ah shit! #DoctorWho Christmas Special!! I knew this was going to be a good day!
You love Justin Bieber. There is absolutely no way you were born in wrong era.
u retired from ballin??
baconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbaconbacon, we're full!
RT : My focus is on always trying to treat the inevitable highs and lows of life with the same blissful, calm energy.
.... stop saying ok?
ahahaha Lol I would of too
RT : 6 - made 6 key passes for Sporting, while Rapids made just 6 key passes as team. Playmaker ---American Del Piero, folks
I'm hungry!!
goal #Chelsea...guess all that time on the ground helped him
Bynum make Chuck eat the name the #biglazy!!
there is a freaking fly trying to climb up my window on the bus. everytime we hit a bumb he falls and trys again...
the father looks his way. he can see him because he has his black thick rimmed glasses on.
Absolutely! Can't say that this happens a lot to me though!
don't make me call you Gilligan...lol...
fans running as hard as it can. Any dust-cleaning tips?
ok awesome, thanks!
Ha ! ...or would it ? Sounds like a job for a certain Mr. Oliver...
The only reason i joined #Twitter is bcause i like #tweeting... but mostly so i could #Follow lol(:
“: Karmas gonna be a bigger bitch than you” mwahahahha
i will mama lol
Aliotti had by far the best quote of the day.
On my way to NYSSMA... Nervous as fuck.
ha! It was mistake. Too quick on the draw. Love keilson.
MILEY IS BEAUTIFUL .
Feel a lot better after my urgent care trip, clear to go back to work tomorrow
Congrats Popovich on coach of the year
I think the part of my brain that enjoys challenges kicked on today. Sounds like the #gobstopper machine from
I want my Mac an Cheese Bitch !
Taking a test 2mrw for reading so I can see were imma be in college, #higherstandards is what I'm after
If you really want something you need to fight for it! This goes for work, love, etc.
?sup dude
3 days until the Boston Beer Summit!
I really didn't need to make 's red velvet brownies, but they saved today a few times. Wedding diet starts when they're gone?
Robertson's £8m boost to salmon farming - The Construction Index
haha thanks! Did you ever find that episode? I want it so bad! <3
I always wondered that too
Haha I do too! It's mostly the lil things that she tells me its stuff that I know she likes hah
Great day, some voicework, some marketing. let's eat.
Bro Follow Us, We have a track we would like to share with you when you have some time
I'm ok just getting ready for work
We need additional info. in order to further assist you, Could you call Rick at 414-409-7263. Will need info on the car.
rural as shit
I kinda like the fact that no one completely understands me..
Yea! I think that Joel will become even more popular after it comes out! :-)
What happens when you dont check twitter for a few hours?! Ill tell you....you miss the #Oscars :(
How big is "the area"? Does Eastern Market count?!
I got him mixed up with no shaving/showering
You have a special knack for hating on anything I say... a real talent!
im a demon and a angel in one i save the helpless and execute the wealthy
Sad that it is back to stick it to Milwaukee politics... funny how quick forgets he was Milwaukee County Executive!
So are we drinking or are we drinking?
One must live...truly live...to Howard Sanders Sr.!
"Post-Nup: Anthropology of a Strip Club" Directed By: Katharine Woodman-Maynard "Letter home" Directed By: Ken Pak
Apparently I have a twin named Samantha .... hmm
got it on my shelf here if you need it.
No reason to do away with rest of bowls. Those teams weren't playing for champ anyway. Can be kept in new system.
No we're talking. Thanks doll. *spank on the ass*
RT : Thanks so much for your link. When it comes to handmade like yours, I think has a good POV: http
He has wings, he comes quickly and flies away the same
I wish I remembered how to convert Celsius back to Fahrenheit cause my <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1> is still playing tricks on me
great! i need to come back to belize soon!
Good looking men and fantastic looking clothing to be seen walking down the runway at our Fashion show on February 28th!
Have you seen "Capitalism: A Love Story"? Everybody should see that Documentory.
When I wake up tomorrow I want it to be June 19th so bad!
Hey now with the name rhyming, Chuck....
"Time doesn't stop for no one. That is the one thing that God doesn't give us." "So how much time will you really waste?" -Ray Lewis
DUCK YOU. cock tree. :P
I think dnt love me nemre..):
today the #Camas School Board #CAC com. announces the latest proposed school boundaries plan.hoping amicable proposal.
Oh that would be interesting!!!!
Yup, you could be who you want. Be who you is, never be who you aren't
Would love tix for the Scott Weilland show! :-)
thanks for the follow! We hang out at your establishment every Thursday night :)
miss u too
Doing a shopping run today and then dinner with friends at CPK. What can I do to prospect for business today?
Hola ladies! Summer CLEAR wkshps on Rich Internet Activities absolute best bang for your PD buck!
I think an afro would help.
little siblings are adorable :3
Hot as fuck!
4/6/1790->Louis XVI:For Mr Jefferson..we have directed him Leave your Majesty&assure Friendship&Desire to preserve Harmony btwn the Nations
u welcome :)
It's cold and grey out... I want a nap
all tags are made for cutting. shirts especially.
those placed are good, but different than stuff you get in Mexico.
Wondering if you would be able hand deliver batteries ...
#ImAStanBecause eminem loves us, even though he doesn't tell us a lot
Happy #FF and Thanks for following #NYC & #Boston! Very busy with 40 other Twitter account. I'm selling so DM me #Google :)
Sunny afternoon, recomposing Bernard Herrmann...
Thanks you made my decision way eaayer
just let me know when and i'll try to head over there too
Ah, the joys of sitting on a Detroit runway for an hour
Just got done talkin to with and cameron, he was waiting for Alex, FOLLOW ME BRO
Sounds like Eric McClure is going to be ok. That was one hard hit. Imagine if there was no Safer Barrier or Hans???
omfg i swear i spend all my sundays watching soccer, italian soccer, mexican soccer, english soccer, any soccer is good ah.
Distro1 episode 3 recording in progress! Talking about gaming!
If you have a milf I want you because it's likely you'll look like her
Sure it'sa set and not a wedding? LOL All you'd need to do is wear something blue and you'd have it all covered.
that I need to relax! I'm way too wound up!
Chi Town Streets Live n Effect Bees In The Trap, Bitch Aint Shit, Ain't Sayin Nuttin
Your Gorgeous ! :)<3
Music is the universal language.
Never stop at one point. Go on to the next level but stay on point.
Isn't it? Lucky timing.
lol it must b two
What are the three levels of courts in the state court system?
Happy birthday!
Thanks for the shout out!
Limobuses.com has last minute low rates- like 2 hours free for qualifying purchases. Call 619.225.8466 today!
"If you didn't know how old you are, how old would you be?" Satchel Paige July 7, 1906 – June 8, 1982.
Great lunch discussion today with Dino from , the best damn coffee shop
What's the book? Looks like Gregory Crewdson photography.
I'm sure he dressed up more for the Tuskegee Airmen than for the city council!
Indeed. I try to watch all the games in Portuguese to help me learn. And I watch TV when I can. I love watching news.
Many white people buy into white privilege argument. So clearly not all white people oppose it because it benefits them.
there's that big bender again from Friedrich, freezes Culbertson as the Rox southpaw takes out his fellow rookie
#NP Over My Dead Body by Drake playing this song over and over
Juss got dress abt to leave new avii coming up later
need your help Will to get this word out & get this stopped now!!! please help us, their killing that little girl all over again
I took swing for several years, she was a ballet dancer, my parents did square dancing ;) I love the dance community!
Edu is a right. Hopefully will use our film as tool to show predatory nature of private
Was my answers right?
Leg workouts>
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan
BANG OUT
oh, you've found me...
"Tweet not sent, saved to drafts." -________-
Wishing I had made it to SXSW this year.
I just got $300 worth of Texas Tech #underarmour gear for $31... Yes, $31...
At breakfast meeting this morning with CEO of Raytheon Bill Swanson. Talked about critical need for better education in science and math.
Happy #ValentinesDay! From your friends
Our alliance continues to strengthen. RT : My life goal is to wipe my ass with the script of Twilight.
chipmunk cheeks son :)
Got a student interviewing me today for a class project. :) I feel important haha!
Best of luck to anyone out there running the !
Welcome to Twitter and Eyechat!
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes... but no plans.
so right on
You dressed up as for halloween? Literally the best costume ever lol I wish I woulda though of that xD
<U+200E>A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame & a little less than his share of the credit. John C. Maxwell
I agree that MJD should get a big pay day, but he's definitely not the best RB in the league like some of you are saying.
Herrooo?? u check ma facebook? and yes .. i have no life and a big arse .. faaaack
enough with the digging into the crack of dirty politics - we know what's there
Last week: supplies. This week on the blog we'll add timing information and talk cost analysis. Join us Friday!
Reali, was that you planking on the desk??
everybody make me down here. You just don't know that i always feel invisible in here!
Not a Jag fan but Blackmon is a big pick up for them.
You have an iPhone for a reason my goddess. RT ": idk where to buy some"
large vol of an acidic spicy soup... potential for reflux.
is the boss. cause tshirts never lie, okay.
Just got home from the studio Great Job Team too crunk about these songs we did today but now time for bed lol
The Joby gorillamobile tripod attaches to a special iPhone bumper that's included w/ the product.
yup yup yup..hahaha...:P
I'm thinking of other #FriessMedicalAdvice gems.
Why is it so hard to find good al pastor in LA, yet so easy to get sour frozen yogurt?
...and wil send out email with update later this afternoon. The game doesn't take play in games into account so no worries there
I LOVE Mindless Behavior!!!
That would be awesome!!! :D Please:)
Well, I hate
I have to watch "Smash" while Steve is out running errands, because he hates it as much as I love it. :)
Nothing like having your hair the perfect colour, then falling asleep with the dye in, and waking up to an icky mess of colour on your head.
Thanks for ruining my walk home Seattle weather...
do you wanna go just me and you ?!
“: you gonna be at new bethel tomorrow with earnest” yes ma'am!!
RT "When all of your friends want you to date the one guy you're not that interested in."
Extra lonely
What team are you going for? Tweet me back!
Tryna spend time with her today cz I knw Ima be studying al day tomorrow then the week gne strt n its bk to our same old routine.
Did you know that the Boca Chica Naval Air Station has taken up the Florida Key? The location was selected due to great weather conditions.
I just want you here. Everyday.
The nb lane of U.S 101 is now open north of Garibaldi in Tillamook County (Milepost 54) following a single vehicle crash. Expect delays.
please do
is jealous of my celebrity retweets.... and he hasn't been to a party with 15+ people.
Blogs/sites that use for comments sabotage themselves - I can't even see comments from others if I block 3rd-party cookies.
Amazing night with my babe
why are they saying?
we have a real-life #birthdaygirl today - <3
So bored & tired what is there to do?!?!
As the man ages, certain social and psychologic factors influence his sexual responsiveness.
NBD so your saying the curtains match the drapes? RT Almost hit a curb lmao nbd
Don't fuuuuuck with me today.~
location is already Miami Florida.
What gets counted as entrepreneurial?Goodwill as the nexus of a transnational, informal economy.
If you are not generous with a meager income, you will never be generous with abundance. -Harold Nye Have a good day/evening LPMR.
Go to Blues Egg and support Running Rebels by ordering the Daily Egg Plate! $1, from all plates, will go back to the RRCO!
I hope Highlights doesn't go the "controversial attention-grabbing cover" route...
fuck yea dude that can be my birthday present from you
Just got our artist endorsement from Seagull Guitars! Love those Seagull Guitars!
I am gonna stick with black and molds for now. I love you
Whatever makes you feel like a rockstar!
My pleasure! I'm looking forward to it when it is completed.Good luck!
Josh Hamilton is a MONSTER. 4 homers!!!!
just got back from the airport and every time it never fails, I always feel like I am doing something illegal not talking bathroom stalls
The Doheny stacks would be frightening.
So... what are cheque-books for again?
Alexander Lucius Twilight became the 1st Black to Graduate from an American College when he earned his Bachelors from Middlebury in 1823
- As a #photographer, I gladly offer my services and time to help out in any way that I can.
Today is the perfect day to go to the beach...
yep it's over and I'm on the redeye at 11, wandering the city til then lol
Dirk has been great but wade is keeping them in the game
Don't worry i wont lol
That is a tough contest as there is so much job killing coming out of DC. You may be right though!
new song up - check it out!
: Humans are the only creature in this world, who cut the trees, made paper from it and then wrote, "SAVE TREES" on it.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
The worst part of the time change is losing a potential hour of drinking
"Let's play the lovegam play the lovegame…!!" (|-.-|)
It was in Northern CA. In GA I was getting my book news from until I discovered & Best TV I know
I got your email. lighting is specific to your venue, but I'm sure i can work in you budget. I will send you some info.
Tell Auntie Bonnie I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Following you now. Thanks, Amy!
one other thing....
Thanks for the love! xoxo
Worlds colliding...Listening to Charlie Rose discuss Harry Potter.
so I started reading an Ayn Rand book last night and I'm having morning after guilt. I feel like I've betrayed myself...
Gotta take my car to the dealership right now -.- I'm so fucking tired!!
The managed exactly ZERO shots on goal today. Embarrassing. Aren't you defending champions?
Welcome to our new client "Anelehs Imports" to our portfolio. Anelehs sells custom imported women's accessories. It's time to...
So sore. That concert was amazing. Almost beat the shit outta some bitch who got in my face during yep. good fucking times
Waiting for my flight to Denver. They're offering a $200 voucher to give up your seat. Tempting but turkey awaits.
I was happy :)
school. twitter is gay, eh?
You might want to fix the link to your website, too... it's messed up. Don't you have technical ppl to help u? lol
a little taken back that you accept contestants before college eligibility is up.
God is good! God is great! I am so grateful and thankful that I woke up this morning! Everyone have a safe and blessed weekend!
Proud of being 1 of the 30 girls on
Impressed w/ quality of service. Three rides this weekend at all hours. All five stars! Thanks for a great new transport option.
National League Game Summary - Milwaukee at San Francisco
Whenever we get to Joseph L. Mankiewicz on the AuteurCast, I hope you'll join us for the Cleopatra episode. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
So glad haley's off of idol she sucked ass I just hope Scotty wins <3
He truly believes his beliefs do not affect anything else he believes and those beliefs do not inform his actions.
Super Bowl MVP: Eli Manning. Super Bowl ad MVP: Chrysler.
It's cold af out here!!
it pays to be provocative.
happy birthday!
I think watching Mark Reynolds play 3B is what's making Brooks Robinson ill.
its my last year of school i graduate june 13
drinks friday?
I miss p90x
see ya later =)
Its the battle of that mind, that takes over and causes defeat. Speak power and good thoughts into the universe and do it.
It's official. We will be filming the rest of the footage for our video for Alcoholic at the show with Eve6 on June 16th
The next time you get a chance create something just for you. Use your brain. Use your hands. Don't feel compelled to share it.
Perfect day of pampering with my Nicole--love Teres Nails!! XO
awe I'm sorry ! you can have my roses! If it makes you feel any better, one of them was from the restaurant, not !
Found a cookie on the floor. I decided to throw it away.
Rose's last three shots haven't hit the rim.
I think you may have missed the sarcasm there Mr. Jax...
idk probably..I hope I can go
i know you won't read this, but i will always support you. it would be a blast for you to follow me. (:
why am i so sleepy yet so unable to sleep?
you in my life, thanks for teaching my things, thanks for opening my eyes...Bye I love you -Emely ~take care Mark! </3~
Boom Shaka Laka! RT: : Congrats to for winning today's #Wildflower Triathlon!
Toronto is expecting up to 2 cm of snow tonight. I never was much of a fan of the metric system, is that a lot?
Finally done with all my homework (y)
Choppers for cheers!!!!
you're right not everybody has debt but it damn sure is less of a burden when u only have ONE mouth to feed & ONE person's
The brain's health needs: good food, sleep, excercise, challenges, and hope!
a curious claim, Dr. Falken, the only way to win, is not to file
Goodnight world <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
In Music Meeting- Earwig “Trees” still sounds good on this listen… good job Lizard
There are some things in life I will never be able to understand.
My first bike-in movie night: success! Evil Dead is hilarious
You are very wise.... Obviously flailing my arms here in distress; so good to have you strong advisors out there. Thanks.
let's chat about it on 12/23/12 ;)
Sweet. The Breakfast Club is on! :)
Melissa Lane recalls medieval practices of bringing animals into courtrooms and trials--not deep ecol, but opposite?
My computer is so slow, it doesn't run, it shuffles along.
Happy Birthday to and !
I am ignoring everyone and their requests today. Fuck that noise.
Pulling money out of big banks is same as assisted suicide, as they are hell-bent on blowing themselves up anyway, regardless of your help.
Pratt performing a Spartan kick on the door
Spot trending now in Glendale, CA: Granville Cafe - American (live updates)
How much do you laugh at work? Hopefully everyday!
And I'm back in business. Luggage found!!! YEAH!!!
a shame your contest REQUIRES us to use privacy-violating
That's a conversation we'll have in a few weeks I suppose :)
Hey ya'll, Paula Dean has type 2 diabetes, anyone surprised by this? I know isn't, nor am I.
"German potato soup! If that ain't P90X soup, I don't know what is!"
RT : Im a create my own opportunities..
Arrived in Paris and welcomed by family and summer weather, loving it!
3- hey gurl! We DONT talk much on here but we should defintly change that! Luv yah! Tweet me
Can I Really Date A Guy Who Wears A Yarmulke? That is a play, not a question!
Come by The Anchor Bar to watch Every NFL game all day long. $7 domestic pitchers and $12 Buckets along with the best wings in Tampa!!
Yes sir as in oregon :) RT : Portland as in OR or Right Coast? RT : have a great weekend!
Happy #Mothers Day, follow-worthy #moms:
Chinese for the day: <U+624B> [shou] hands
ohh yeah forgot to tell u. I have lost 40lbs on the #bizzydiet and dropped 10%bodyfat
either way love is pretty cool I'd say!
When it's prom weekend I should just not expect to make any plans or get anything done.
Love Ya too :D
you guys are both cracking me up. Its so awesome how you met. Haha... entertaining too.
i hate this part, but, itll all be worth it tomorrow.
Question of the day? Looking for great garbage men in basketball. College or pro?
Take Over vs Ether??
katie and her boyfriend
ok i hope not either..but he cant hold a grudge forever!!
“: I hate it when teachers say, "You think it's funny?" Obviously it is, if it wasn't I wouldn't be laughing.”
Life's a gift, don't tend on wasting it.
+1 RT : The sign in my yard matches the winner of the #ward5se election.
Midwest Middle School Showcase in Chicago! M14hoops.com
we love vox :)
I'm in such a tweeting mood. encourage it?
We in this bitch...DC stand up!
Planning to spin a bit before the main show tonight, testing out the new mapping for the S4- glitching the boom bap.
#lt a good boyfriend (;
Hell YES BULLS OUT THE FUCKING PLAYOFFS!
When we serve our ego, we are always wanting and therefore always unhappy.
All UFC all the time. Told you that!
Cookin all day..I need to clear my mind of this
roasted with some olive oil, salt & pepper, fresh garlic, thyme & oregano. They were delicious babies! cc
I am half way done with '15 reasons I'm stabbing you' though.
I'm going to start saying "God bless you" when people fart, because it's just as pointless and dumb.
haha..best part is when Jack Black punts the dog..was seriously millimeters from pissin my pants first time i saw anchorman
Not easy to help 3rd-grader w/homework when computer is dead & can't print. "Virus ate my homework?"
you know itss not real bad. haha.
I'm raising my hand. But of course I write the damn things ;-)
Trying out Google+, It seems to be a bit better than Facebook. Less ads and no games is a big plus for me.
Date gone wrong? Leave that bitch at
please vote NO in the referendum to save the terrace.
I believe in God, but I fucking hate religion. Religion starts wars. And if you are Atheist...just shut the fuck up already.
combo was well out of line mate, well out of line
It really is not fair that I have to go sit in a classroom with no windows right now
“: just heard there doing a remake of American Psycho! best news i have ever heard! i hope they call me!”
Can't have a future, if you can't let go of the past.
You can't spell 'sexy' without vowels and consonants. And you can't spell 'Micah' without those either. Coincidence? I think not.
Mariners Lead! Now get 3 outs for the win. I'll celebrate by sleeping all day.
Please follow me(: 30
Indeed! RT : im gonna stick with you this season....good choice?
Follow us on Twitter for special discounts and give-aways
YES IT IS OUR BABY IS GETTING STRONGER EACH DAY BEEN A BATTLE BUT WE ARE COMING THOUGH THIS HOPE TO BE HOME BY WEEKEND
Don't drink and drive tonight! A is offering to take your drunk self and your car home FREE tonight! Call 1-800-222-4357 RT to save lives!
A monkey will eat tobacco with impunity.
Sorry - that's a delayed replay. I'll Tweet a proper live stream in a moment.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely. - Anonymous
I'm a bit slow, but regards from New York!
W/ Steven <3
LOL, its getting long!
Eventbrite lets u pull past year's attendees & message them. If yr event was good, past attendees=great resource!
Liz! But it's fun to be in DC at least. Not quite as neat as Lburg tho...
Today's Plazma is Dali. Targets thermic force. Meditate: "My Father is intrinsic awareness. I feel the heat"
Wondering if the jet dryer truck driver had five fingers on his right hand.
thx for RT petition to Obama, hope social media amongst other things can be a part of US ed. experience- appreciate your work
what, ohh damn ima have to see this!
Nothing like a good vocal warm up!
HA!funny,get yo ass over hur" I dont wanna take the trolley nor bus .. pick me up dude ..Or wake the fuck up:D"
Hell yeah! I'm glad he realizes we want him there. It's the Red Sox org that fired him, not the fans.
Agreed. Mines is so very good! :)
GOP already attacks Medicare,SS,and Medicaid,DAV all keeping them off you is fear,that won't last long.Many Senior Vets aren't disabled.
thanks for the follow
have you tried one from a natural food store?
“Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down."
Smoothie King before workout!
I'll meet you by Sandburg to go to the game.
Ima inbox it to you...
hey, we played a set for you guys four years ago downtown! good to see you're still playing great music
Imagine: you meet austin and he hands you a piece of paper eoth a present in you open it up theres a ring and the paper says 'marry me'
I was wondering that, too! Never seen her before.
Trivia tonight @ the goat!!! And don't forget 75 cent flautas!!
O'hare is a big-ass airport. Their restaurant/pubs INSIDE the airport? Not so much.
Thank you!
laundry must get refurred.
Had to favorite that tweet forsure!
same to u!
RT Hey State Workers come and get a FREE cup of coffee on us!
30 hits so far
You're the best!
a-jizzle. What's good fam? I called you the other day
I havent showered :)
:) its really good
Nice pres at #wordcamp, "be helpful" is a great tip to keep behind every post. And, try not to buy yachts online. ;)
I gota get ready to take my mama to work!
thankful for that honesty and presentness.
hi my names Lucia and I'm a belieber, to let you know ;)
Had a great time at lunch today. Looking forward to our upcoming escapades ;)
“: I just love listening to ! You guys are my brothers and I love you!!!!! #BornToRockMics” hell yea!!!
we want you to be in it!
when i move out im getting a corgi. im 100% sure of that
lmao creep mode on :)
“Most other companies said by the time they got to be our size they couldn’t innovate anymore.” Steve Green, Salesforce
Trade show went great, I'm excited to start "for real" Wed. Wanted to say I would RT this, but can't with your privacy settings. :)
American Bouquet of Rochberg: popular tunes set by a genius; teaching them to students at NEC: Why don't they get played more?
you crack me up!
Are all umpires named Bob, Joe, Jim, Jeff, or Angel?
is that concert public?
Thank you, antivirus program. You caught 10viruses and Trojans on my laptop.
FUCK GOIN ON WIT TWITTER ALL MY FOLLOWERS GOING DOWN!!!
I know you're used to getting up bright & early... so do you want to join us this Saturday at 5 am for Muscle for the Cure? :)
My G-ma Told me everything I needed to here today
that awkward moment when yo shut the fuck up.
thanks fam. I appreciate that, and I hope you enjoy it. :)
Hate it when people try to tell what I said
damn, she's hot.
10:15 am, what a cold day. perfect for some hot chocolate!
I shall look into Carter, she sounds great, love black humor & need inspiration. Still, I'm just in the brainstorming phase.
Well........... I promise to have you home early. hehe.
Psyched! Should I go ahead and get the Sleep No More tix?
I'm hoping not. We must keep faith but ... It doesn't look good.
Pittsburgh, pa true member of the #BBN for years. I BLEED blue
When your mind needs fixing, the only tool you need is your knees, get on them and pray.
#autism summer day camp
Absolutely not. Just the thought of it is making me want to crack open a bottle of Jack.
There is construction on Gwynne Street today but we are here and you can still reach the entrance car park! Have a good Friday!
so much school work to do today -_-
Looking forward to working with this week at the Pet Industry Show..
i hate when people talk about how 3 or 4 year olds dont hate people... um i wasnt the nicest..
Also, you know what you do. Follow him, unfollow, refollow, especially when he's online, cuz he might look at his followers
The contents of my refrigerator are comprised of condiments and Malibu.
Im so close to 500 followers ... Omg
Do you like Fishsticks?
no just the first job.
What you call the most intense, muscle-swelling workout you've ever seen I call Monday.
92 senior citizens refused to leave Atlantic City when evac order was given.... Someone needs to take away their wine... get on that.
sweet ;) now im hungry
Those girls on the Wendy's commercial are going to be millionaires. I don't even have a TV and I've seen it about a thousand times.
A day off tomorrow!!! Woo I get to sleep in for once.
we're working on it! have no fear!
that is wrong...
Amy - you need more pictures of your cat. Please do something about this.
please tell me where this room is so I can be sure to avoid it at all costs. scary!
Are you drunk?
I'll be so glad when #Brainstorm moves into a real building and out of my freakin basement cause I want home to feel like home again!!
You guys need to check out !! We are now sponsoring them! !
Hate days when I wake up with no medicine<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Pops about 4pm RT um, just stopped by, shit was ghost town!
Yes!!! em don't delete it I will be over tomorrow to watch :)
very ridiculous!! So much more important things to worry about in life..you do you Khloe! On a side note: I love u! Lol
The Academy definition of Producer is very strict, designed to protect the filmmakers who are doing the actual "heavy lifting". NICE
This thunder is crazy .
you had that girl inront of you liar!
how you doin'?! If you do comedy, @ us and we'll RT your funny material
Hey sophia, would you be interested/willing to help out with a small project?
Happy Birthday #NewMexico ! Now blow out the candles before you start a forest fire!
we've had similar experiences LCF. selected clusters for lign-n but also not. green? not worried
RT RT A good man will ALWAYS make her smile, & spoil her with happiness
We look forward to hearing your work!
Tried out the new Buddha Bar last night & it is intense sh** Now we know y MTV filming them. Come by & try it out for yourself!
I've been in my Halloween costume for over 24 hours.
Beautiful Saturday. Working on getting Yogi to do a backflip. So far he's looking at me like I've lost my mind.
Torn for tonight's fight! Not a fan of #Cotto but despise hm...double knockout? Lol Neither could touch
Happy Tuesday! We released an update for iOS that has many, many new features! Check it out on the app store!
damn turn up why dont u
Bosh is the worst defender in the league!!
Damn right I got it!
thanks for the shout!
Why is my name Priscilla ? Its stupid /;
Leaving home is hard but atleast I'm going to Miami!!!!
Just finished my second 8k! This time I didn't walk at all!
Thanks for the follow Larry -
Justin Bieber's original SUCKS! Only thing GOOD in it are the cars! Thank God for REAL artists, like Madilyn Bailey, that can make it good!
Mind following my new account
Awake now. Still sick. I really don't want to go to the doctors but it looks like I might have to.
Big achievement always takes place in the framework of big expectation.
Vomit in the hotel hallway. I love Vegas! Guess they won't making it to the HandsOn Labs today!
that's definitely coming in the future, but right now they're geared around our product. We'd love to have you come by!
My life has drastically changed so fast. I hope I'm making the right decision.
yup. He popped out before I finished typing.
Aw! Thank you!!! That is very nice. Every1 has their own path & I like relationship books but they're not the law! Lol
I FINALLY GOT TO HUG MY MOM FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THREE FREAKING YEARS OMGOMG
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they’re the ones who think that you’re better than them.!!!
Minnetrista asked "Why aren't we more visitor centered?" has your museum asked? #aam2012 share & RT
Is #Tanzania facing a worse drought situation than expected? World Vision staff reporting 76% of the region affected
women have left the #GOP ... Sick of misogynistic sexists ... Look elsewhere
I love when you say this. It makes me smile(:
sexy im liking the grill!!!! <3
Agreed. Great flick!
If I may ask, when you were younger, did you ever think that you would be loved by this many people for believing in yourself?
New loan programs starting from a 500 credit score!!! Contact me for details...
Just saw at Hollywood & Highland!
Event reminder, this Saturday night April 7th "the Hostile Takeover Tour" featuring Tech N9ne & MGK. get ur tickets today and save!
#MM Nice article on by partnership for sure!
#Earthquake felt moderate here in western side of SF ... 4-ish? Did wake me up with a swig and a wiggle
YOU ROCK.
Just scrubbed the entire apartment clean with we can finally breathe :)
rigatoni pasta with sausage...yummy..hope all is well in texas with ya
I just can't get into Pinterest!!
Bob calms my soul.
Are we sure he's dead and not just ducking the subpoena for his deposition?
Don't wanna wake up early & take that AP test <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9> <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
With Ricky Rick! :D #greatnight tomorrow is Christmas Eve! If you didn't know that already I thought I'd inform your dumb self! :)
Been chilling how you doing?!?!
~Peace.<U+262E>.Love.<U+2665>.Happiness.(:.~ .......Pshhh forget it were not in the 70's anymore.
Running is the only road to Kenyan sports glory. They can't choose between football or baseball. The best are in 1 sport.
Next year is my year spoon assassins
I have no idea! I'm surprised I'm awake, but just decided to roll with it.
Train hard to be better then the guy who is training to take your spot...and happens to be 5-10 years younger.
Not only will my man pacman whoop ur ass but he will sing you a song right afterwords!!!! lol
I don't do pinky promises anymore, I do middle finger promises. So if you screw me over, you're fucked and that's a promise. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
keep up the good work!
U were supposed to be cced RT Like an 18 wheeler with a drunk driver driving
My internet speed is killing me.
them bugs ain't gone hurt u
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. ~ Oscar Wilde
100% kids today have NO imagination at work. It's all done FOR them!
We Got Tickets for the Rick Ross Concert Tonight .... Come get fresh for the concert tonight
We are am is wordfisters in this Scriptorium.
I will be giving organizing tips on Great Day Houston, KHOU-TV channel 11, on Tuesday, 1/11/11 at 9:00 am central time, greatdayhouston.org
RT where in the first do you think you will be drafted?
bwahaha u know i gotta laugh at that right?!! by the way, how hv u been hun?
SAD MOTHERS DAY RT : Closed for Mother's Day. Open Monday for VT Dance Co. Pub Lab FREE & cask pint specials.
cool I just hit u by the way
Peyton Manning to Baltimore?
where are you at the air show?
This is how we do it
Source Code is a really fucking good movie.
Chocolate covered espresso beans
Yo, can we get a Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez duet, either "Fire and Desire" or "On My Own"???
Gotta look for the apts
Oh I don't have that :/ I want Starbucks!
You should go see McKinley in person, it's incredible.
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
Someday I'm gonna learn how to use this thing. Until then, please bear with me. Thanks.
Oooooooohhhhhh PUT MY DICK IN YOUR FACE ...!!! Put my dick in your face -NICKI
In the paths of the wicked lie thorns and snares, but he who guards his soul stays far from them. Proverbs 22:5
Thanks for following , , !
Happy Birthday Abbie!
Well... Uh.. Shit. That was unexpected..
I can ride my bike with no handle bars.
you know I'm really mad at Vanderbilt right?
Lol ur a mess. Don't get it twisted tho, I was bred on hip hop! Just accepted early that being black didn't mean I was pigeon holed.
the secret of life is to appreciate the pleasure of being terribly deceived. -wilde
Just had a
oh ok cool :)
Phone book recycling in S. Austin - HEB on Oltorf -The bin is on the far west side of the parking lot.
Don't Trust Anyone..
I've never seen it either...
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
Its about to get Linsane.
Not liking #JimmyKimmel live; he's only good in 4 or 5 minute intervals ;)
DURING. Can I get a diagnosis via twitter here??
oh, my! I am as creative-minded as they come, but yes, when it comes2kids, that gets me.
i'm not interesting i'm mean and boring, always.
So I can kill all the fleas. Ended up at the store for spray, powder and liguid treatments... Took the day and cleaned and fumigated.
The education connection commercial is so fucking annoying! I want to punch that chick in the throat.
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince = AMAZING! Loved it! Thank you, work, for giving me advance screening tickets!
It's a far cry from the original, let's just say that. But you're not paying for it, so it's not all bad
best TV show: VICTORIOUS
Shouldn't I come w/you?
Followers and Forgotten
teyanna's account keeps sending me spam without her knowing... Thought she had sum to say lol
congrats! see you soon. RT : Happy Opening Day! We had a line stretching down to the Square, and the doors are now open!
got it. thanks!
RT : Heading to this year -- has your preview of all the fun on the Good Morning Show.
Love my OKC Thunder!!!!
The Alumni Connections Panel is starting now in the A.J. Drexel Picture Gallery!!
#SXSW #3screenmin "Give people the content they want and get out of the way." Advice for branded content.
Love my new makeup.
We rocked another great rehearsal last night, it's starting to come together nicely, can't wait to get on the road!
Only 5 days left until the $100 Botox/Juvederm rebate offer ends. Email or call us 866-738-3256.
Agreed! RT : The Best Cure is Prevention!
Thoroughly enjoyed tabling at Portland Zine Symposium today.
#yougetpointsif you like me in a baseball cap
Sending tweets via txt message. Do I want this?
check out or they are good guys.
The latest food truck craze: Doughcakes! Or cupnuts. No wait, it's doughcakes.
My mohawk says, "Hello."
Smh only can do the serious face and get away with it #duhh lol
hey this is my iPhone background :)
Swag me out bitch!
T.S. Eliot ignored by bagboys. Sylvia gets trapped in an ATM enclosure. Beckett returns from spring break single. All shocking.
I vote yes. After all, Denver the Last Dinosaur managed to master the electric guitar.
When r ppl in my building going to have any consideration.
this is the only opportunity that i have to meet you... please! I love you so much Christian.
keep the content area white but add a color to the background
MSA 14; S S Friedman suggested next publishers booths. Victoria Rosner is program chair
Amen Sister!
your going to the freecember at 3am?!
Knee doctor appt. Today :( gonna get my german accent ready:) haha
Time to workout <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in? Do you think barry larkin deserves it.
not currently, but can help you get up and running with another of our supported gateway providers.
I hate boston.
Blessings delayed aren't blessing unheard.
Happy Birthday Bob Marley :)
It really wouldn't surprise me. The announcers didn't bring their a-game either. RT Did he just say "And we're tied 27-21?"
That awkward moment when your on vacation and find out u might move there...
if he has Asik guard him he might be alright...
I know u haven't seen u an I been ok just been doing a show in west hollywood every week an other then that nothing really
New musical acts need to be dishing out NEW music. Keep people on their toes.
Oops! Already cracked open the beer and frozen pizza (stored for the hurricane!) Back to the store in the morning...
Apologizing doesn't always mean you are wrong . It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego. - Danielle Simion
No, I'm wearing a simple Skaagen. My wrists are so thin, you just can't see it because it's under the shirt.
I'll be here until Weds morning if you're back by then :)
Stop by 245 24th St in West Des Moines, Iowa for our #GarageSale! All proceeds go for our move to
You better not break my heart, my daddy's got a gun.
quack quack
Community intelligence is being added to my programs-wendell fears fears & fears investigations and intelligence agency
You can't go wrong with Italian food and a nice atmosphere! I'm lucky that my husband is an amazing cook!
should do a half baked 2012 for new years.....so I can do the drunk man nigga do the drunk man
Done with my first semester of college. Flight leaves in 6 hours :D
TIL there are only 12 aircraft carriers in the world, the US owns 11. Only 5 are really active! #TED why do we need so many?
I'm so sleepy.....didnt sleep well last night....fighting to keep my eyes open in class....ihate taking notes in pencil
Gus and yaya's!
blargh, yo. Did you break it before? It just sprain it?
Thank you. Internet has too much info:)
Great Site! I've got you book marked for any tile jobs that come along! Nice to meet you here!
Ardham Technologies is proud to announce that we are now officially a Cisco Advanced Unified Communication Partner.
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
... so SHPanda PedoBear's somewhat more respectable cousin?
mine or yours? cuz i got yours
Celebrity sighting.. Bud Adams here in Costco...wonder what he's gonna buy
Susan Hildreth Sharing information is the heart of what we do. This is what will make DPLA successful.
Gorgeous day in South Florida. About to get ready for my weekly soccer game.
I'm completely booked Thursday lol let's wait til the week after :)
Congratulations to Landi on an amazing performance as the dragon on BGT
My Spanish teacher makes the strangest noises...
Darn you, Caps. Darn you.
looking for yoga instructor interested in teaching challenge Sun Oct 2nd from 4-6. if interested
Playin nspy fest at zebulon tonight, I go on at 9pm, playin my new record HUbble Drums all the way thru!
RT : I have a theory that Domino's won't add ingredients to its "Artisan pizzas" bc they're just frozen pizzas
Idk what it was about him but Southside in the GS Boyz was sexy AF!!
well be happy for once will ya ?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I told him I'd lend him it if I can do his makeup, and he has actually considered it, wow.
who me??
Someone on this train must've bathed in perfume this morning. And yet, astonishingly, it still smells like pee in here.
shout right back at Floyd.. He's rocking the assignment desk !
Thanks for everyone who came out to support us while @ Coto De Caza golf tourney yesterday!°
Omfg I wanna go and visit U.S.A :[
You are #BlackGold. You are...
lol you can take four months easy. Try like 8 months you poop face. Lol
Another class hung photos of their own I SPY style vignettes with classroom toys, blocks, play food, etc. So fun!
BE SURE TO TUNE IN FOR ROUGH CUTS with KEN BASTARD NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only Santana could have made a solid throw down to second base. We would have been
i really shouldnt be thinking about this right now.
Dear Andy Kaufman please choose Curt Clendenin to be one of your first three disciples.
thankz for the mention i got lots of new followers
you are very welcome :)) hope it helped? :D
I did.
#YouShouldBeAshamedif you believe slavery ended a long time ago.
glad u made me know it but whatever nigga.lol
Great posting on the first call we make. The hardest step to take in our dreams is often the first one.
do you have a link to that website it seems really cool!
it's tuesday and my ankle flexors, quads and hips are still on fire. I hate you, but I love you
I hate seeing my friends be in pain :(
": If u love your nigga u going be there from him through whatever"
Of course I respect and acknowledge my home team but I've always admired the brotherhood and dedication the Celtics have.
yoooooo dude dm me your num I got a new number and need to finish this gypsy bitch on my arm
i know! that's how it was for me at first but then it said tickets were no longer available
When your drop your phone on your face while texting laying down.
Don't be hurt when God severs ties you though would be enduring. Some connections were meant to be seasonal.
I'm about to walk in. Go Spurs Go!
Danks is awful. Good night.
Today held yet another amazing conversation with Girl never fails to speak the truth of the gospel into my life. Blessed.
demi i just purge my burger i know i need help :'(
Milwaukee has a comedy scene?? Yes, Milwaukee has a killer comedy scene! Come see it in action tonight at The Sugar Maple!!
Between. 6th and 7th street on walnut.
just met Mark Curry from "Hangin' With Mr. Cooper" at work today...the perks of the job!
Thank you for the kind RTs & mentions - greatly appreciated!
Martina Navratilova~ The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else.
Doing well B!
SHUT THE FUCK UP
Let's go Union Rags
Bradley cooper. Yep I would. No shame in saying it!
Any MPLS people interested in Brian Eno lecture next Tuesday?
The first edition of Interview/Auditions begin today at 12noon SCB/ WAYN Studios. Bring current Resume & 3 Show Proposals
Today is a good day. :)
Ready to watch some Football (and follow on GameTracker) with Let's Go #RedHawks!
Indeed some similarities. I like your blog concept. Something I've done a lot of recently (disruptive change). Mostly good :)
Hannahan comes in at 3rd in the 8th inning for the Indians
RT : Would a scarf w/ my suit/tie combo be too much? ... I think that's perfect!!!!!!
Omg I made it to the shuttle on time!? A miracle!
you should find away to put a space between christmas and sadness. :)
Has creating brochures become favorite project at every school. Seems every teacher here is doing this project this year. Why?
im going to make a tiny chat. please meet me there
Last hockey season was the best season ever, I miss it
and that is how you met your WIFE!
Hopkins in T-minus 2 hours. Cross your fingers and tubes for higher lung function and no more picc line!
the one group I am still kicking myself over missing is Azelia Banks. She plays at 2:30 tomorrow. Short set.
We've been trying to teach clients to use FB, Twitter, etc etc to their advantage...like social media resumes
:( why just why
My latest work SOLD SHORT: an #example of #poststructuralist #poEssay & #commentary on
I#saywhatyouneedtosay #fuckyoujohnmayer correction your phone is dead :)
You are really letting your eyes deceive you if you don't think the loss Bosh's presence isn't a big deal.
Need a blowdry or touch-up color? Schedule your appointment TODAY (301) 231-8757...Mention this ad to receive a FREE highlight face frame
One more fucking love song I'll be sick
Our friendly neighborhood R&B singer just had his lackey bring a lg cooler full of bevs and 3 bags from TGI Fri into locker room. Too funny!
Ha, U know it broyo
Hhaha! I actually had this exact conversation with someone about this exact topic....
nice shave job rake!
ok. Thanks for the update. Have a great weekend!
Learning about the types of strategies and marketing that are critical to Non-profits at the Bisnow breakfast.
I'm checking tickets to make sure there correct. I want u to get ur Oscar lol
New rehearsal/studio space + trio rehearsal = Robert happy!
I'd Walk A Thousand Miles , If I Could Just See You .. Tonight <U+2665>
Such beauty we find in the smallest of objects
best night of my life.
Thanks for the RTs:
Why did R. Kelly's "Sex Weed" just pop up in my mind?
Ok...tuned in right before Alicia and Reba sang. Thanks!
Week 3 of the no-coffee challenge: under eye circles beginning to disappear. *note: no coffee does not = no caffeine.*
awe! *hugs you back* :} I love hugs :D
Can't wait til my finals over
I'm staying at the Wynn resort on the strip. Surrender nightclub is in the hotel?
If all else fails I have a promising career as a street vendor in front of me. Homemade bacon-wrapped hot dogs are the best!
i know. it says in your bio, Austin.
Just ignore him. Swiftee lives in his own crazy universe.
I think you guys fall outside of that general category!
can I get a callback...Sony vs universal pull a string for
Hey can I put my order in with you !! We really need a fresh dozen!
I find you SO annoying !
How u gonna b a prominent football player and let ur girl stab u up, then u lie 4 her "What's up wit that?'kill the relationshipb4 it kils u
Cintolo emphasized that Roller couldn't identify source of funds from Topazio to #Dimasi. She counters: Topazio said he used Cognos funds.
Probably something else then? They said the usual tell is the stiff neck... Hope you feel better soon!
It's AWESOME!!!+_+ I luv the line!
It baffles me how some of you girls post these dumpy pictures of yourselves on the Internet. Honestly what are you broads smoking?
Who watches ESPN at 2 p.m.?
thank you so much for following. Checked out your blog ...looks good. Are you from NYC originally?
God shows up just in time. right before you give up. #letgo. #walkaway and #backslide. He's working it out for your good.
GET BACK!IT'S A PINWORM ATTACK!BITIN THAT HOLE IN THE THROW OF HUNGER,PINWORMS LOVE THAT BUNG SIR,EAT YOU UP,SCRATCH THAT BUTT
Symphony to present world premiere: &quot;Different River,&quot; by Atlanta composer ... - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Thanks for the MENTION, RD. Sure appreciate it. All best to you.
I was thinking about taking that course.
Definitely. Same here.
Things you don't want to hear from your web host RT : Fire Alarm... I think it's only a test. We'll be right back. ^ML
What God Starts, He Finishes!
be sure to boil the water so your brains don't get eaten by bacteria! other than that, those things are the miracle workers!
Beyoncé's dad denies taking money from her.
Ut oh. There goes my bracket. Thanks for nothing missouri.
Facebook's back-end to keep content clean is truly stunning.
Hashtag us! #RiDe or
w.e kierra!!!
First to tweet to you!
bagel club today in paccar commons from 11-1pm. Bring your appetite and come say hi! #prelunchsnack #noahsbagels #creamcheese?
#ThugLife RT U a G RT : !!!! RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
I would be very happy with Morway as GM, Indiana has done a fabulous job under his watch.
I have ivy in a flower box. If I snip some off and replant, will it grow?
NICK YOUNG! Where was this in DC? Memphis is giving this game away! Reggie Evans is playing phoneominal defense!
Another brewpub set to open July 4: Whip In's Namaste Brewing. Is there such a thing as too many brewpubs, Austin? Are we over-saturated?
Sarah's house
thanks for letting us know the severity of your intoxication Norkius.
#RealSh ""sometimes I dream bigger den I live"""
soil without roots.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Fauxthenticity. Because Faux makes fake cool. Rural Roundup
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself - so always think positively. -Norman Vincent Peale
Happy Mother's Day !!
Que haces este fin chica? Fun things in store?
Amazing day with the greatest guy I know. Thankful to be in SF with him for the night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Wake up an chase the things that really matter...
Just got off work, therefore I could not go to see Titanic-3D... The most unfortunate...
Not costumed... RT The Avengers broke every box office record including number of overweight costumed ticket holders. Bravo!
is changing lives on the daily through community leadership. I recommend following for
my aunt <U+263A>
Is it possible to be successful adjacent?
please mention me thxx
Read my last tweet again cuz I know u smiled
one time use..Some companies claim re-usable but, I have tested them and that does not satisfy me
Thanks for the follow Kate, hope we will be able to get to know a bit about each other.
In excitement of all things Black&Gold today, I forgot to remind everyone: The Bobcats are bringing home a W tonight
Hahaha ... Joe is a fool!! He just asked if these Sopa and Pipa people that everyone was talking about were new castmembers on Jersey Shore.
#WhatDoYouThink may be some solutions to prevent Forex Fraud?
doing good. KMT emailed back and he is down too.. Just gotta get us all together for a few hours and make great things happen..!!
You got it Skin-a-roo. You da best my fellow metroplex grower upper. Humbled by your awesomeness. On Mavs & ESPN. peace :-)
Students working on peer review of essays- took 's advice & focused on oral "interviews" 1st before looking at drafts-worked well!
Happy Earth Day!
lmao hell naww! I just choked laughing!
Peanut or plain?
text me!
We're meeting today to discuss the 52 people we found during in #RVA Thanks for all of the support!
Mr. Go Go Green is taking over! Follow me on twitter for green tips, Go Go Green 5k run/walk updates, and where I'll be next!
There is quite a level of understanding as to why postal workers lose their minds
i love how when u complement some1 they just ignore u
Wow Josh Hamilton...I guess he was just as sick of hearing about Matt Kemp as the rest of us were.
Indigo Tree Publishing proudly announces that its hit teen novel BUZZ will be released in Chinese in e-book format within the next 2 weeks!
care by joel faviere >
glad I started following you. Creasing me up with that image.
Now that's stuck in my head! On the upside, is walking around singing & air-drumming it! :D
Nevermind , but have you been txting me ? cause i have too get a another phonee again Smh .
Join us at the Veterans Day Parade on 11/7/2011 contact for more details
As an instructor, one of my fav parts at the end of a term - getting thank you emails from students. Makes it all worth it.
Tryin to stay motivated ....in this game
140 characters or less can be poetic sometimes.
yeah why?
Bill Nye's awesome! Now 2 make my house as "green" as his. He's 1 of the major reasons y I have a Biology BA!
Of course. Still looking? Have u tweeted Bpd and Wbal etc?
absolutely! Don't you?!?
<-- Handsome young fella
The world is my stage..
Great, I'll be lookin' for ya!
dm thanks for following us. We are working on an initiative to deliver the best engaging curriculum at low to no cost.
I feel great when I'm sober. I must be old.
What club has the best girls???
Good morning everybody!! It's beautiful day in the underground! "Oldies But Goodies" releases June 28th
Stoked to head to camp! 36 hours to go til go
by the way, how are you doing ?
Just got to meet she said she loves hash tags so... #SingIt #WhyIsEveryoneTallerThanMe #RebeccaBlackOnRD #TooMuch?
same, same, how's you weeken been
UK has the game of the decade ahead of it & im sitting here wondering if we can pull off the unthinkable and get Nerlens @ Shabazz
Game time. As long as Zito does not double his era, #sfgiants should win this game.
hehe i made a new twitter :3
Go follow one my inspirations !! :D
you coulda tweeted em yano they're called orange helpers lol just type it on twitter Ýÿsearch :)
Sr Systems Engineer position w/SCOM and SCCM -metro Atlanta email:
Mama can you follow me please? (;
Doing my hair..thinking...
Yeah! Like don't cover a good song and suck. It doesn't work like that.
Just because you had a flight to catch RT I'm off my cloud soapbox now!
#FF thanks new follows Move your way!
Am sitting here at Taco Bell & I just tried the #DoritosLocosTacos & they are amazing!!
#Preach RT : MTV is a reality show channel, hasn't been about music for years.
The Terry-Bowl, hosted by Terry Bradshaw
I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING LOOOOOL
hoops & puck plays from 70 cappers so far today and 1 consesnus in each sports and off another 2-1 cons. yesterday..back later
Today I just feel... Empty -____- I need something to cheer me up. FOLLOWING me won't even cheer me up. This. Day. Sucks!
I wish I could use the car tab tax to fund my
happy mothers day all... just back from holiday spending today alone but yes dressed fully as kathy t again
Of course! It's a wonderful space!
Please read on for a review of one of our Touring and Training (T&T) courses
“: always more sexual” and say fuck more
this Tuesday is all she wrote my friend
I don't think so why ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Check out some of the newest album title submissions! Spermatogenesys,Here,My Girl Wears A Viking Hat,Taster’s Choice,Medieval Bludgeon.
is watching mirabel & magnus chase each other.
MY CAT JUST CAUGHT A BIRD OUTSIDE, OMG. THAT BEAST.
So far #Britweek has been an event to remember,with so many respected & talented Brits making an appearance. watch this space 4a full report
Friend request accepted.
not shocked at all.
come to london asdfghjk
All my news feed on fbook is bt 4/20 , its just another day I mean if ur stoner then nothing will change, u prolly do it everyday anyway
I LOVE Natalie Le Blanc
i know i wish i could make it to the one in the city.
We are going to announce $1000 awarded for breaking event records in marathon and half!
Eating ice cream before my dress fitting...
Something I never get tired of hearing on the phone: "nigh night Gama" :-)
Any recommendations for a tax accountant in SF that specializes in self-employed individuals?
thanks, I understand you have a few other surprises for the API up your sleeve. Any hints?
You & Tequila Make Me Crazy Run Like Poison In My Blood. One More Night Could Kill Me Baby.1 Is 1 To Many & 1 More Is Never Enough.!!!
Hi Buddy!
Do you know you can sell or freely distribute your maps symbols & styles by any GIS software on GIS Extensions Market
Thx for the DM! But I can't DM you info unless you follow me, apparently...
what other types of snacks do you like?
Ran into last night at Hotel Cafe while standing outside talking with I'm glad I can finally say that.
we've got a really huge announcement coming shortly. :>) it's VERY customer friendly.
ENJOYING LIFE. Tonight
Hey, who's starting for the #Yankees today? :D
Woww! Two parties this week for us! Another later this month, this is really exciting!!
"A fool and his money are soon parted"
Ok nevr put curlers in ur hair ashley (LOL)
Don't stick your nose in that which you know nothing about. I am fuming right now.
good morning(:
Turned #CommunityAction leaders on to visualize.me #HFChat #JobChat #Pinerest resumes & more at #Illinois #IACAA Annual Conference at Hilton
Here outside at staples center.. ...waiting to go inside to see lady gaga live at her concert....we ;)
No, not at all. The author & I must have different ideas abt romance. Wht abt watching a sunset w/wine & looking for shells
So that's what's been affecting 's behavior since returning from LS.
In Jersey Tail-Gateing!
Looks like Channel 7 is having technical problems.
think your daughter will come out on top again this year?lol
my parents are visiting today or I would jump on that offer!
Scheduling MAYhem commitments for entire family. My color coded calendar looks like a rainbow threw up on it.
Sm auditions, cobu preview, sj shake app, promotions for fb while waiting. Going deaf and it hasnt eve started
if you would like to talk to a cooking school we are certainly active!
Q: why do the Vikings wear purple? A: you'd be purple too if you were always choking.
...which led to such silly statements like, "I didn't want to, but they Forrst.me."
Listening to Alesana and watching a Johnny Depp movie with Kennicide and Kenzz. Drawing an awesome picture of my favorite person!
Hey:) do you have a formspring?
Great talk from Alice Hoffman; got to read The Dovekeepers. Next: JA Jance, T. Jefferson Parker & Sebastian Rotella.
I like the stat Jayme, you have to wonder how many more drops he would have had if he was healthy in 10 tho
Alex, not a good pitch
But neither of them are necessary, right? Just go with "somebody I used to know."
Trying to watch the Oscars but don't know more than half the movies nominated let alone the winners
Taking my talents to South Beach. Actually, Orlando.
Cuddled up with a paper towel roll... still feeling feverish
great to connect with you as well
Dealing with oxymorons is a part of life, being balanced is the challenge. Eduardo Alarcon
I live inside a Romantic Comedy.
What if
When I'm with you I have fun.
great fooling us the teasers had nothing to do with the video:p
So that means Miley Cyrus' LOL should take in 967.00
thank you so much<33
#WeWontWorkoutIf your friends have any say in your relationships.
just signed up lol
girl you got me looking like a hula hoop lmao
... the girl with the too many movies... tattoo....
omg my mother!!! So mean
I only bring up "leadership" bc many of them are boasting highest levels of membership. But in the end who are they representing?
National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!
What is shastic you ask... shastic is #art! shastic is #creative! shastic is YOU! www.shastic.com.
Come on 10pm.
I'm not a huge fan of it either. I think it is the 5th best sport, and I only have time for 3.
“: #MentionTo someone who got the moves like jagger.”
This is good news? “Red Sox hitters lead Majors w/ 48 doubles & 68 extra-base hits & are 2nd in Majors w/ both a .291 AVG & .480 SLG"
#FF Late Weekend wishes
how much more before your back in super Rugby?
Jakarta! Hah.. Am feeling so tired like a G6!.
simply because I have a non biological bias lol :3
I'm goin' to visit at my Grandmother's in Brownsburg. Hopefully they're able to put me in a better mood.
no I said no so...
I just finished watching Breaking Dawn part 1! I'm super excited to watch part 2! Now I'll watch Thor!
Oh, but this absurd bridge jump stunt work almost makes up for it!
Some Guy is playing guitar outside
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
i am so down for that right about now
On the road again
Thinking of signing an up and coming detective fiction writer. Already have one in my sights. Want 711 Press to cover pretty much all bases.
Matusz' last good game?
First two people to "like" our facebook page will win Hank the Tank Bronx Goblin T-Shirts. Ready and go!
You think stealing makes you cool, ? You're under arrest.
and I'm SPENT.
good morning saw hunger games last night amazing(:
have fun in "the burl" Eat well!!!
Hey thanks for following back :)
we should do something to get verified :)
Learning to use my new phone
Thanks for explaining!
#What2ChainzWouldSay : Poke'mon... Pikachu! Phantom doors... peek-a-boo, shoe-game.... Liu Kain, my top gone- unthinkable! (Tru!)
“: Wake up wake up it's the first of the month :)”
they get confused withy Mac. Ugh
Burgers may get all the glory but these chicken tenders are finger lickin' good! Sticky's finger joint open on 3/22 w chicken tender love
sounds good. see you then.
Live a little cause niggas die a lot.
Me, , and have the same #birthday :) 9 Days!
ya but ESPN? They can fly him/her out for an interview, smaller companies do it all the time
we could enter the boys in fashion show but it wouldn't b fair 2 other dogs.
q of prioritization; how much effort should be spent making data more easily digestible to private sector (or other)?
thanks for yesterday :)
i got u bro
having a Rogue Dead Guy at the Mellow Mushroom with Meyers.
I'm so tired, but I can't sleep.
lol well I best you to the PAW! Muahahahahaaa! xP lol
I want (or rather need) to go shopping but not sure whether to head to mall in suburbs or battle tourists downtown
SEX SHOULD BE LIKE LOVE BE CAREFUL WHO U GIVE IT TEW KUZ YU MIGHT END UP REGRETTING IT
Elite 8 baby!
would love if played in #johngrisham next movie
The Rock Won and Wrestling will go on without him for another decade as usual. and I'm not gonna start on the World Title Match smfh
Jerry is a werewolf.
sexist! I've set it on DVR.
We tend not to use them, but they work fine and are good for protecting the base of a tree. may be able to help.
Thanks for the feedback and all the shares.
thank you!
": the awkward moment when two people start a conversation on your facebook status."
Join us for OVS Tot Shabbat on August 20 at 11:00 am! Enjoy a fun hour of kids' activities...then stay for a family-friendly Kiddush!
There ain't no 2nd guessin I say what I mean & mean what I say!
Dropping the kids off at the pool can be explosive sometimes
Modern day haitians make empty threats all da time....old school haitians will slap u w/ a sandal anytime they say they will
Sometimes you have to crank X the fuck up.
Exactly what always happens to small restaurants, alas.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand you say YOLO is annoying? when you use it just as much as all the others. I admit, I use it at unnecessary times.
i wanna try the new axe body spray for women
I can't wait for the WA Republican primary! I wonder if voters will pick the crazy asshole, the racist bigot, or the xenophobic shithead.
It's my day off and I won't get to watch AlexMar no mo!!!
RUSHERS LOVE ?? WE TRUE RUSHER WILL ALWAYS STAND BY U?NO MATTER WT?LOVE YA?
C'mon, app devs! Don't quit on us! RT : Seeing a lot of it lately. Oink, Buzzd, etc...
classified information
Essentials Haul plus other goodies - toothbrush holder
Yay the day has finally come. Back to oregon
That what you get's
You are all i want, you are all i need, we are longing for the glory of the Lord, cuz' we know there's so much more -8-
“: Thank God Im Fresh” me to
Oh, god. What book/film of his did you read and/or see?
I appreciate you bruh
Weather sucks outside... come warm up !
loved your article on Jane Austen and happy endings!
Thanks Jeannie. Luv you. Visit my closet for a "librarian" special show. I need your help.
hi Steve thanks for the RT and your support. Be blessed.
RT Phi psis setting off fireworks..thanks for the heart attack
Small Biz in this economy is like getting into a bleeding contest with a blood bank.
it was like something about the saying paying a dollar a day and one the answers was how Sam pays her gum fines
Lmao. It's better than repeating the same theory like a lunatic. haha
Tyga or wiz ? Who you got ?
Tim Duncan has never been as athletic as Blake Griffin but his fundamentals have made him a first ballot hall of famer! practice technique
MLTM is playing at the Big Lake block party next saturday! Come out and hear the songs from if only for the first time!!!
gay boys
If ur looking for a woman with qualities like #MarthaStewart, keep lookin. It maybe hard to come by chomp
I'm looking for a good text that will give me an overview of keynesian and post-keynesian economics...thoughts?
I only hope it's as good of a live-action debut as Brad Bird's M:i:IV . I'm a big fan of the books/stories!
Being 21 is exhausting!! (hanging out with my lil sis)
did you get to touch madison?!
I'm sorry! XD
Yeah, not just the quality but the size of the guac serving. Pretty tiny for $2.
www.elephilms.tumblr.com - our blog game is on point - FOLLOW US!
Have been a Mahomie from the start.. And WILL be till the end! :) That's a promise that WON'T be broken<U+2665> Love u xo
Just watched Brian Elliott shutout the Coyotes in Phoenix. Kid brought back memories of Milwaukee with some of those saves.
omg watching random stuff on youtube
Cheer Athletics Cheetahs Worlds Mix on Replay All Day!
lmao these police mad as shit!
Preferrably a black lab or a german shepard
damn. “: A quiet mind is more powerful than a positive mind”
Every discussion and visit with similar museums provides new ideas and hope for the Space Museum project in Charlotte. It all starts now.
Spent the morning in NatGeo's treasure room - the vintage photo archives. Autochrome, Kodachrome, and prints from every place and time.
Pajamas! Are we actually wearing PJs?
Maybe we can have a conversation/interview about it and we can put it on Metro's website?
we can go to portugal together since you wanna go to europe :)) hahaha my dad is from there the beaches are so nice !
don't worry Z we'll get you to 700k in a few hours
Then one of you guys needs to make me stop with the Blue Jackets jokes and write for Dammit. Haha.
Ceo leadership conference great content
I just downloaded a song off ITunes from the "Easy Rider" soundtrack. Yeah, the Dennis Hopper/Jack Nicholson flick. OLD SCHOOL!!!!
We see that opportunity is all around us, but it can't present itself unless it is recognized and acted upon.
I hate 635
i just made some killer pasta. needs some spiciness though
he might, he's a repeat offender
GM psalmist
Details on the grand opening of the Visitor Center, please!
Thanks for the mention! Happy weekend. :)
If an iPhone screen cracks (badly), will Apple replace it? (Purchased about 10 months ago.) , did you ever get yours fixed?
lol we are. At least I am
choosing a cher sidebar is all too hard...they're all so perf
chi may, gbv and criminal minds. another brilliant combo by yours truly.
Have any theories on opening day tight strike zones? “: theories about low-scoring openers on hold now.”
Hey Walter! TY for follow. Glad we connected.. fascinating work that you NLP peeps do. Stay in touch!
not as proud I bet as when you read what award he won :)
euro bonds will outperform equities and will be deemed safer imo
#nyu shit: seeing a bro carrying a bonsai tree down university place
Yay! Running buddy! We need matching outfits! RT : Somehow just got talked into running the WR half marathon again this year.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY TWEETHEARTS
#everymanshouldknow how to treat there wife with complete RESPECT
Worked out 2 hrs this morn, after having only coffee. 1 1/2 hrs ago I ate a HUGE leftover burger. Now I feel like I haven't eaten a thing!
Never been spoiled I was taught to get what u want cuz kno gonna give it to u like u cud do it on ur own
i'll never forgive the early 2000's for causing me to get Nine Days stuck in my head just now
Aw I Love You too! :)
;) so what's rhe time over there?
Followed him can you plz now follow me plz plz :)
I'll just have to play this until my fingers bleed...maybe that will help me memorize it
#kids Shark Feedings at the Museum at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Thu, Apr 5 2:30p: Imagine that you are swimming in the darkness...
Anyone know of an app that will combine twitter and instagram into one feed?
just reppin the Logo right now my G. DM me your email homie
I saw you c:
find me a man and I'll go on couple dates with you lol ;) I know that's hard, though.
Just want some new shoes!!
Tune in & make eastnashvilleradio your favorite! Great music all the time! eastnashvilleradio.com
man I can't wait until school is over
Wish homophobic neighbor had lived to hear POTUS' announcement. Mainly so he could drop dead all over again.
I jut paid four dollars to get into a middle school track meet. OMG these cheap people lol
some guys aren't like that though.. Some have class and respect..
Updated my portfolio and resume with graduation a month away. Couldn't have done any of this without ,
Bled for the blood drive...
Get queso on your fancy dress at last night's Oscar party? Bring er in! We promise you'll be impressed, a different kind of cleaning!
Do you think companies measure SM impact by counting the number of FB "likes" they have or follows on Twitter?
Sometimes you just need a Saturday night in, with pajamas and Shark Night.
Leftovers? Slice up some turkey w/ mixed greens, dried cranberries & balsamic vinaigrette for a guilt free meal--freeze the rest for later.
yea i hear u lol.. wyd
Yea it sucks! I didn't think it was that bad since he walked out with help. If u see the replay u can tell somethin was wrong
There was a misprint in the Houston Chronicle about The Market at CITYCENTRE happening today, it actually takes place on Sunday! (tomorrow)
Like a circular saw or a jig saw? The answer is yes on both counts
don't miss in San Francisco. Low key, craft cocktails, great food in North Beach area.
California lawmaker pushes bill to get sex offenders off social media Web sites - 89.3 KPCC
Coraline is the freakiest film I have ever watched
YES!! That man NEVER ceases to impress hehe
Had dream that R Perry gifted crowd w/ electric chairs.YOU get an electric chair,YOU get an electric chair.
If you want to laugh out loud, follow Laughing is good for you!
Likewise & thnx! Excited for your new startup! Feel free to add my email to your list & keep me posted of your progress.
add me on GifBoom! username is msnancyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
ah the annoying person is classic.
Beautiful throw . Go #Packers !
I hate Rush Limbaugh but I hate corporate censorship even more.
I'm HoME!!!!! Super excited to see everyone ... Joy overflowing Woo
Shootin somebody don't make you real
I can't breathe, useless inhaler!
Spreading consensus Gr8 mention. Thnx 4 all that u do 4 the public good
I can't stop cracking myself up:D
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall. ~ Larry Wilde
Yes the Indiana Pacers steal 1 in Miami. Thats whats Im talking about NAPTOWN
OMG! Totally loved Sixteen Candles and 's song! He's still my fave!
In our seats and ready to go! ACM Fan Jam....going to be a wild night!
Yes we will, would love to see you! RT : will you be open for lunch Sat because of garden walk?
Ditto and thanks! They are two of my favorite things!
Damn feel like I haven't looked at twitter in evers.
It's hot af and I'm ready to go! My mom made her a new friend and she about to get left!
hahahah.. What a #fruitcake -like we don't know he reads EVERY Tweet
More than hating to wear wrinkled clothes, I hate having to iron them. :-)
Using our new Nokia Windows Phone very cool!
webinar today on maximizing time at this year's conference in April! Looking forward to bringing the sports home!
when are they showing this episode?
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
That reminds me... I have some precious cargo for that I need to transport to
- shopping , & movies later (:
They just showed a commercial for a show called Meat Men #SuperPause smdh
I need you in it to make it a lil better..lol When we can we chop it up a bit.?
RT : "And we populate this stereoscope scene with a tribe of monkeys..." I LOVE MY JOB
Not worried yet bats look good. Phil H needs to step up big Sunday. GO YANKS !!
Hey Boulder peeps… any suggestions for hikes/walks today that don't need snow shoes or won't be a mud bath?
Damn work tomorrow
I sincerely don't understand how people can go to the same theme parks over and over and over.
Thanks for the mention, Follow our feed or Like us on FB for screening and release updates!
I think there are a few ppl on here that would trade places with your dog, even with the bow :) lol
After each audition, grade yourself honestly and keep a journal.
I'm blocking out Friday night, thanks.
He did dat
check yr inbox
We use photo images only. :)
Just had an amazing Sound Design meeting with Ben Wong and Laura Rachfalski!!
Can't even lie Tnt and espn would have boosting rates if its Battle of LA!!!
Sounds divine! Thanks
I think my view on the politics of bin Laden is it won't do much for O bc people just think, "Well, how long ago should that have happened?"
that's good country don there!
What's the most spontaneous thing you've every done?
Tomorrow always brings us things we never thought of. Yet yesterday gives us memories & lessons we will learn from several yesterdays away.
Staal again?? This is not hockey. This is a children's magic show. #HatTrick. 9-3.
Based off of that. I have to know. RT : lol at where that was tweeted from
yeah, i switch to FF, too, but there some annoying things like our clunky content manager that don't work on Firefox. Solidarity!
we are long overdue for a 4 at the Four's so let's figure out a time in March to catch up. Enjoy your weekend.
absolutely!!! thought I must have been already :)) if you have a youtube channel let me know
Woah! My toes are purple & blue #sick!(x
Oh, I thought someone in Atlanta was actually barbecuing a shelf.
So I can actually stay connected with You, Professor!!!! If nt FB, then Twitter it is! LOL! How have You been? GOD BLESS. :)
I think I am on Modern Family tomorrow night 3/18/12 with the hilarious
JSB: Are we preparing our students (and ourselves) with interdisciplinary knowledge & skills to solve grand challenges?
Ah!!!!! Beast mode!!! RT : Your Green Bay #Packers are 2011 NFC North Division Champions!
Three homer game for Josh Hamilton.
Nice day out in the convert.
Supplying books through a school library can offset the effects of poverty on reading comprehension - Krashen
It's an oddly conservative stripe in this otherwise seemingly Dem city, this bent toward privatization.
Do the Avengers have a battle cry?
It's a #SteezMovement , real style never imitate. Do your own damn thing
Have you hugged your axe today?
! Happy Independence Day <U+E50C>! To all man and women in the Military, Serving our country right and the ones back in the states!!!
: PD2.0 should not be quest 4 giant button for #SecState 2 push 2 make everyone think the same thing - not an
its all good lol.
thank you :)
Maybe watching on RT:Morning shout out to the tigers just woke up since they don't have practice 2day
bear fights.
And it was a pleasure for us. ^ej
Will you be live tweeting tonight?
isn't that Sam waterson's office? Who seems like white Isaac in a bowtie? Also control room looks exactly the same. SN 2.0!
Looking for REAL SIMPLE mag Subscription deals. Anyone?
Omg stop it Cat!Lol another nickname!Im not.I do model but lol!:] U are prob flawless and gorgeous!
Hi how you doin :)
sometimes i look through my own tweets and wonder how i actually have followers.
You know what they say about giving up...
A couple loaded but the majority didn't. None on the student page loaded either. Tried in Firefox and Chrome but no luck yet
#drinkingaboutmuseums call out
I might tripp, i might stumble, but never again will i fall for ur type..PRODIGY
I am here in Philly so it's all good. :) we will make it happen.
I had to unfollow because your website is a mess and will not display properly on my ipad
you don't know how bad I need this adventure tonite! future anxieties-say good bye.
Im still gay tho... on the coo..
There is a Ricky Young there in Nashville who has bogarted my name on Twitter.
all thanks to our den mother for starting it!!
Be in prayer for me tonight as i bring the word tonight!:) HE>i John 3:30
Any day when I fall asleep with wet hair and wake up *not looking like a Fraggle is an auspicious one.
How / where do I get a copy of Mama Lily and The Dead?
2 1/2 years.. I`m moving before then. I cant deal with all their stuff anymore I juss wanna scream.
First run in months and I did about 2.5 miles.. I think I can be proud of that!
Disabled vehicle in center lane, I83 NB before exit 44.
I just! Can't! Wait!!
Where is the best Super Bowl party going to be
Our faith in the present dies out long before our faith in the future
#NW- True Life... I'm addicted to porn
Your story is the greatest assest you have.- Kionne L. McGhee
Listening to Charles Stanley , great message as always!
Duly noted! I faithfully add these requests to the wish list. About Joyce- Molly Bloom said it best: yes.
“: a whole year lol” a fast <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083> year lol
I believe this very well may be the biggest UK game in my lifetime.
yea I'm there 2morrow bro
cring for i swear because won
I seriously can't wait! Countdown!!
Hello all...soon to come staging and organizing tips!!!
Rakim aka blueprint of your favorite rapper
us too! Traffic is bad again around Nashville. Spring breakers adding to the traffic problems.
Well now that ive scared the shit out of myself, i probably wont be going to sleep anytime soon.
want to go in halvsies with me?
How disappointing... I thought you were better than that. I guess not.
Oh no you didn't....
Guy at the light rail is wearing an Os shirt and a Nationals hat
trying to organize an outing for around 11 people on my management team at the June 29th night game can you hook us up?
thanks for following !
is it really a WebCam??!
Awesome Aaron! Great to hear!
thanks for meeting with me and the crew, we can't wait to promote Ghoulwill Ball together this year!
#AGirlsBestFriend RT Diamond Fact: 250 tons of earth must be mined to produce a single one-carat diamond. |
Thank you for following me Dnyce MDN as soon mi can I will Follow you and ur Followers too I'm on a limit right now. Thanks! P.B.
"They just won't go away"
Just a few days away from our show 4 at the Hermit Club in downtown! Sunday 730p. Tkts $7 ahead or $10/door. Join us!
Agreed, maybe barea should start in place of Marion too lol
Playing Quelf with the family!!! Lmaooo best game ever!!!! Ughh I love my family <3
Don't allow yourself to believe something until it's been proven to the point where doubt has no place in your heart or mind.
Goodbye my Love! Heidi Watney leaves NESN to be Lakers sideline reporter. Damn you Kobe!
Two Hall of Famers on the court and Mario Chalmers shoots for the tie
awh by Edwards apartment :-c
RT Happy National High Five Day!
I'm tired and lonely. Can you say early bed time?
A publicly owned facility (the Metrodome) is no longer viable for its intended purpose. It needs to be replaced.
hahahahahahah....only you would like this Margaret....
Wow I Feel Like A Freaking Old Person With My Cousin !! *No Offense To Old People :)
Damn broo dale! U gonna be back for opening day?
Ah… Saturday. Come out to Brady Street tonight!
They're lucky to have you Kelly #SUinNYC RT : interning for CAAs office in NY-so excited!
Snakebites... It's not like it's an emergency. Insurance probably doesn't cover it =8-O
This carmel apple is so delicious.
Soft bigotry of low expectations?
Few available appointments left on Saturday! Enjoy Extended hours that day of 10am to 6pm! Call 327-2507 to reserve your appointment!
RT : The original energy drink was cracking an egg into a pint of Pabst #sweet!
has ordered flags 2B flown @ half-staff Wed, Feb. 8th, in memory of Seattle's U. S. Marine Corps Sgt. William C. Stacey
Tony is making baby Skylar noises this morning. Hehe.
Being wanted, is it selfish or desperate? Either way, I want u to want me! I need it!
Great win for RIT Hockey
Woah, woah - wait a tic. How did this essay get to 2,500 words without me noticing?
Don't pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a hard one <3
LOL FOR WHAT
One of the best for sure.
#thoughtsduringschool Hm that door is open... I wonder if I can leave without getting caught??
Because being funny is soo intimidating..
Someone coming to look at my piano today. I hope she buys it! Trying to downsize for this move!
Taqueria Mercado for lunch - soft corn tacos & a lime Jarritos. Yum!
Reward yourself with a night out—then let iDine do the same with AMEX Reward Cards!
Girls night with , , and ! Bring on the laughs....
oh, and we're closing on our house at 2PM this Friday. just another reason to break out the beer.
I Know This Is Embarrassing Buhh I dont Know Half of The People I Be Tweetingg .. Jus Being Honest !
I'm so thankful!
Great time over at listening to talk about #democracy #community #Baltimore &
cool, nice to meet you! Thank you for saying hello. What part of the world are you in?
I love my beats, they sound just as good as the day I got them.
are all republicans arrogant idiots?
of course you are!! Happy Friday!
take note puffy white clouds. that's how it's done.
I got a few things for christmas my parents where like how can we buy u stuff when all year long u buy everything lol love my parents, igot$
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
electricity for sure!
Have a good stack in satelite to wpt main... lets keep it together and win a seat plus some cash :-)
I'll post powerpoint slides when they are ready, usually about a day before or after class. Sorry, I don't post lect. notes
you're not hardcore until you play a show in a onesie
Jimmy got shot in the parking lot.
lol yea. It was in the open field near the big house RT : a coyote!!!! where is it?? lol thats scary!
joseph, i am interested in hearing your perspective. i have no issues using excel on my mac.
RT : Heading into the third overtime period, this is now the fourth-longest game in Capitals franchise history
Backpack to Briefcase Workshop today in Doermer 063! Resume Help, 2-3pm and How to Search, Apply and Interview for jobs/internships, 3-4pm.
- Welcome Eric! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I really need snowboarding advice from I want to try it out for the 1st time in 2 1/2 weeks and I need advice. PLEASE JAMES!:)
At Pilsen Community Market w turnip green galettes, herbs, lentil pies, buckwheat micros and sweets!
Are you kidding, actual educational books by Mark Twain and John Steinbeck are taken out of libraries. It's sad.
Oh hey guys... I'll be on iTunes pretty soon...
Lights Out Moore!!
@ studying for the damn physics
what happened??:o
Could use maybe a lamp? ;-)
I already have, we have Dancer which was inspired by that framework. :) #perl has been stealing alot lately.
... Cookies? Sure.
Shallow Grave Satanic Symphony Live At The Red Line Tap February 11th !!!
Thanks! Yeah, we aim to update the blog every day but we get busy with client projects. :)
Bout to grocery shop for meat lol...
Why Andy still pitching ?
We'd love to include a pic or two from the Houston BAT if there are any to share! Links?
Slow down there, pal.
I'm not sure if we have a mutual friend. But whether we do or not, we are friends now. Take care and tweet N E time.
that sounds about right!
Im drunk.....APRIL FOOLS!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Follow & a couple BOSTON badasses taking shit over!!!
josh smith thats why you not a superstar you live by the jumper die by the jumper. we know u can take it to the hoop but u wont smh
Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
Wow. Two of my students who have been MIA since the end of last semester are here today!:-)
Melo ugly now he use to be cute
Thx for following. Are you a #CivilWar #history 'buff' ?
I love how wears her YMCMB shirt on the show. #Basketballwives <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
#itstoodamncold for any of this shitt!! Fuuucckk!! School will be the death of me...
We're always glad to see fellow Chicago social media enthusiasts! Maybe we'll see you at a tweetup?
GO & GO DEREK JETER MY HOMETOWN HERO KALAMAZOO MICHIGAN'S PRIDE
thanks for the RT :)
Looking forward to seeing everyone at my fundraiser 10-27-11, 5-7 at the Harp. Come sign my petitions! Let's make it official!
Fat Jack's in Monona has quite the impressive collection of Wisconsin ephemera.
Looks like Kobe has his game face on already....must be an exciting game!
Happy Easter everybody!!! God bless you and remember that he's always by our side!! <33 love
did he cut his grass? Ben uses it to clear the sidewalk
Sucker Punch (2011) Visually stunning (not just the girls) but not a great movie. A mediocre story interlaced w/video games. 4/9
All the best Tony!
#TedCruz to #LPR2011 - Recipe to take back the country: stand for principle, defend liberty, value opportunity.
Last day of #SpringBreak, and I think it might be time to dig out my warm weather clothes: 85 in Alabama today.
I liked most of them and in the end I liked all of them. -daily rumpus
Thanks, Michael!
SO to my new hockey and one direction loving friend lol
Everyone go follow ! (: x
i would wait a bagillion,zillion years for u to finally notice me,but can TONIGHT be it?yeah i don't think so):
We've got #1 pitcher who cant pitch against rivals, #2 who can't pitch on road, and #4 who cant pitch. I'm officially worried
I thought I'd just let you know what kind of thankless writing business you signed up for ;- ). Jokes aside I'll be in touch! Thanks
very true. least he's fast
RT : Our last East Town Market is this Saturday. will be on hand with art for the kiddos....
Getting pretty warm outside! Are we breaking any records yet this spring?
Hey wait! I thought vampires didn't show up in mirrors! Bally's scene.
Right! To the 'About Page' we go. :) Thx - slipped our mind! If ever through London, let us know - we're here, and NYC.
Go Trojans! The boyz look gr8 in 2012! RT : We hear you! Aaron played here at
quit calling out guys who weigh 147 lbs when u walk around at 180!! Agree??
Session 5 at #AAS3rdCentury : The Digital Turn & the Physical Object. David Jaffee, Bard Graduate Ctr, teaching objects in age of new media
How's your kaizen? (which is Japanese for “continuous improvement”)
reminds me of 2005/early 2006
Men have the right to chose a partner that wants a planned baby, not force a woman to keep one that her body is not ready for
So true, I work on the Circle and don't expect my vehicle to make it another year of all the abuse.
Hello has asked me to "chase up your photographer who wanted me at his wedding?" Consider yourself chased!
I really should clean my room.
*knocks on wood*
now i am. follow back?
Finally got to our seats 2 rows from the top
omg what. Are you doing right now?
Happy Birthday to pro golfer !!
true your the best stylist Ty
I hope rapid progress in wireless technologies renders this conversation quaint by the end of the decade.
Get ready for 2 new design releases today...WWW.smirkclothing.com
-- the shimmering haze / above / the wet stone #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Creative friends: RT is looking for an illustrator. Do you know any awesome illustrators? Email kwalton @ imow dot org for info!
Holler at for the follow! Stoked for a good season!
I want to have a chocolate shake from haagan daz and just chill on my terrace
haha what's the youngest you would date? :p are you a pedophile?
I wish I had a better Christopher Walken impression.
#HowToGetRejected ask me to borrow ANYTHING! I don't lend my shit out!
Absolutely. The NFL needs a handout? RT It's time taxpayers stop funding stadiums for fabulously wealthy sports team owners.
JJ with a BOMB! Up 3-5 over the Yankees.
ive been weekend stoned
lol I told u to join me but u wouldn't lol
“: Bryce Alford commits to Lobos: La Cueva point guard Bryce Alford will announce his verbal commitment to play for..."
OK #Paranormalactivity3... WASN'T scary! The ending was kinda lame. I like the way the movie was shot.. looks realistic, somewhat convincing
Yay. Someone stole my credit number. Great.
Planning to be ? Join us Sunday, 9:00 AM for the BEA's Becoming a More Powerful Storyteller - proven techniques in use around the world
I wander what Atheist say when they hit their finger,
Geez, people lose all sense of humor when you put corn syrup in their Neti pot. Lighten up! It's April Fools! Your sinuses will be fine....
Hey Kim cool sunset! hey did ya hear crystal is comming to Lima ohio aug 3rd day before her b-day trying to get vi's 2gether u in?
Try me the next time you're lookin' for a +1...
"the secret casket of his genius contains a vapour rather than a jewel” EM Forster on Joseph Conrad
I was thinking the same thing. It just fist so many situations RT: : ok, "dumbassery" is my new go to word!
Cause they know Walker is going to win. They just don't want to admit it.
“[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.” <U+2015> Jim Henson
Cool. Curiosity here—rather than full-fledged interest—about the history of medicine, but definitely yes on the other counts.
Thank YOU for the RT! (and the serenade - lovely!)
Not much my man! Just a lot of traveling and meeting fans, best thing
I love here persistent and determination
thanks sister! I have faith you will be celebrating too!
My kid just said " sometimes I like to sit and see how long I can think of nothing.". Oooookayyyyy?
Hello Suzanne, thank you for your Tweet. I hope you are well and I like what you are doing with your career.
RT : : CastingCollective are looking for extras in Manchester for a TVDrama filming in earlyMar. Age 16+....
Late breakfast, but my morning started a long time ago...
How's come? Just curious. I'm on hiatus from homebrewing, myself.
What other merch would you guys like to see in the future?.... lets see how creative you guys can get :)
tonight at sick saturdays for the super fun party bass crazy music time. no dress code/cover/bs/haters/swag. 10pm
there are worse gigs at #DrupalCon. In related news, where are you drinking tonite. Would like to catch up!
What's "web 2.0" all about? Shouldn't we be up to at least web 6.0 by now
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
#FengShui Tip: Sound moves energy. So play music you love and see how it energizes you and your space throughout your day!
My pleasure. You're fucken awesome!
thanxs for following
got no time for peoples bullshit
2 things in my life i'm thankful for: my salvation n that i was not created as ugly as LeBron James
*hits your mentions* :) RT ": Someone hit my mentions"
Congrats to as my first Storify subscription and the reason I finally got an account there :P
Buffett's Fed tax bill last year was only 17% of his taxable inc - lower %age than paid by most Americans. Way to go GOP!
love you brobro.
FULL BODY BURDEN - memoir of growing up in the shadow of a nuclear contaminated site. Colleague of Skloot.
I wish #LMAFO was playing the #halftime show instead of
I walk around wearing #GodOverMoney shirts because that's honestly how I live. I trust In God & could Care less about a peice of green paper
Special Financing! Added Upgrades! Amazing Pricing! 5% Realtor Commissions! August is the BEST time to buy a NEW home!
I will be tweeting live from the Health Literacy Network meeting 5/20-23 and from the Global Public Health Challenge May 19-22.
So jealous RT : Going to hear the Queen Toni Morrison read at Barnes & Noble tonight.
Loollll RT : that awkward moment when you tell somebody to GO SIT IN THE CORNER while you're in a round room.
LOL "I ain't neva scared!" RT : and it looks jiggly too..man imma learn today, I'm not scared
“: Ammar Wawi of the FSA has just declared war. All regime army and security locations in Damascus are now targets of the FSA.”
#WeAre...lucky...#WeAre...not that good...
YAY! thanks boys and girl i got 100 followers :") for that i will follow all of you back and give you all a twitter huge ;')
I can think of some very successful people who'd disagree very strongly with that.
Listen close I got duct tape and rope.. I'll leave u missin like the fuckin obannons
I hope you are havin a good break :) see ya in a week
perhaps, I'm only a few episodes in.
it is a gud thing 2 receive wealth fro God n gud health 2 enjoy it. 2 enjoy ur work n accept your lot in life dis is indeed a gift fro God.
Obama is fixin to pay back his supports, with Market gains, buy low & sell high, Bin will print more $$$$$$
WHY OH WHY do the two #Princeton post offices always have such LONG & SLOW moving lines???!!! ugh!
We are responsible for what we do, no matter how we feel.
When I get my car I'm not gonna be late ANYWHERW
Thanks for the follow, Benjamin. I write mysteries and have optioned a screenplay. Great to meet you.
did u get my evite to my cleaning party-just wondering cause it started 7mins ago and u r not here.
i wonder how country my family is going to act today.
I have been waking up in the morning crying
yep! I kno anyone that was there last yr or the yr before
One minute remaining in the 3rd & final period
Happy Birthday to reggae artist: Michael Rose
love you.
"I came, I saw and I came again."
I lost my debit card :/
We are preparing for our Greek Orthodox Easter celebration next Sunday... In Athens!! Fireworks all day? Serious?
should be a good game !!!
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Turn up the music 'cause I feel a little turned on
#Casting - Deb Aquila is casting the role of MAKSIM 14 Male Russian for "Missing." More castings like this updated every day in the app!
Good game last night, Colts! Back to work on this chilly Tuesday morning! Excavation then limestone and sand...then the #pavers!
but im okay now but wanted to try out . -.- mother fluffer
Yes, I agree! RT Don't miss "The Debt". Helen Mirren is the best actress in the world.
Totally walked ou of the girls locker room and u said hi I me today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Gladiator style Warhammer 40k tournament March 25th! Check out the forums for details! Stop on by for some fun quick action!
They are going great! I can't wait to record the new material!!!!
awe... Thanks lonnie!!! Just seeing this tweet. Blackberry was sick this week
you are awesome ... Thanks for that u inspire me.Hope we both live our dreams .N screw those who push u away . Keep n touch
Which one of our singles do you guys like more: "American Dictation" or "Create, Sustain"?!
is that a mask on ur head??
turns out I'm not bad at speaking in public.
Reading again:( Hello 3rd period in 6min;-)
Brandon Jacobs reportedly going to request a trade from the Giants today. Could he be headed to Green Bay?
<U+2665> For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. <U+2665>
sounds pretty cool !
wow this girl is hot
Good luck!
Well mom, congratulations on having a child as awesome as me. You're welcome.
could be better lol, I'm a pirates fan
I'm in the car.. On my way for someone's birthday party :)
loving Little Talks by that just playing on #thealbumisveryfun!
"Im known as a shooter i never miss my target"
Well goodnight twitter!!!!
yep..sticking to blogger...though may copy the posts to wordpress too...:)
“: Goodnight twitterville. It's been a long day and 4:30 comes way to quickly!” Night!
I thought The Ghost in Love was great, and I'm looking forward to reading more of his stuff. Excellent writing and ideas.
Interesting story. We were 29 with our twin boys, 35 with our daughter and 42 with our last son. They all 4 have autism.
Thank you Joelle!
Amazes me how people can find confidence and self esteem in words and phases...
Pampered with a makeover today....awesomeness :)
RT : A nail biter! I kept flipping between CBS GameTracker and Twitter feed. “: Rally Falls Short - #SFGiants ...
nah they did the other day in the 1-0 loss actually
hey his parents do follow me so
What an amazing first year Happy anniversary to us!
My throat's swollen and hurting... I think it's just allergies but it's miserable. I don't want to talk :/
It's Thrifty Tuesday! Save HALF off admission!
where? mlb.com/brewers???
should songwriters take vocal lessons?
Ready to go to the museum. Prolly won't even get there till 1:30 if we even go now
Return of the Mac
u are the first dj to actually spin my song for me because u rock wit it u have no idea how I appreciate that
I really wish I had a time machine so I could go back and change things so I wouldn't still be thinking about this shit six months later. :/
oh shoot... was art murmur tonight... lame I missed it!!! Did yous see them ?
grrr. stupid blogger! i switched to wordpress because of that (and more) - a pain to move, but way less problems.
I don't see any location info
Yep yep...spread the word to Cabrini!
I'm tired of staying up all night crying myself to sleep. I'm tired of waiting hours at a time for you to txt back. I'm done trying..
Me too! “: I wanna go fishing”
Now I'm with the babysitter picking up my brother
RT : Turn the lights down low, baby come closer. I want some of your love tonight.
I don't have your number homez.
And now for something completely different! Scholars' Thursdays at VIA. 2 for 1 taps & 1/2 price apps for students and profs after 9:00pm.
Good morning
Just downloaded a twitter client for my android, here's my first tweet...
nice. I missed checking in at ihop this morning in Austin TX
Im sick of chris cd keep gettin push back. Since it did can u plz change the til i die song with u and wiz on there only.
Seems a bit excessive if you ask me.
Higher then whitney on her way to heaven....to soon huh?,...well I smoke like 9/11
RT : "Spring training in Lakeland ticket sales 5x above normal after word Prince Fielder was coming to " - Dave Dombrowski
Add that to your giant list of things you couldn't do last year...
I made bacon as part of my lunch today and now everywhere I go all I can is bacon! I wonder if everyone else can smell it too?
Me too. He's underrated.
you mean I actually have to attend another one?! ;) I look forward to meeting you soon,
o we will win the next game! Lol Doug is going to coach this team to play D!
It's about to be a fun night in St. Louis. The goaltending duo has been the key to their success.
my head is still hurting though, so we will have to see how long this lasts- hopefully not long
Girls have a bad habit of holding on for too long but guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
Song number 3 for the album may have just been written... :)
Artists should not treat other artists like fans and fans like artists. Respect the boundaries.
Might make it down to Frenchman tonight, lookin to do some crazy shit
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 20% - Eckerd - SINGULAIR -
what's up tech
Oh, you changed my name in your phone to "bitch?" \m/
Thx for the info. I just followed him. Always awesome to hear what God has done!
If you are seeking employment tweet your job search and interview experience! www.hrjobboard.com
Thanks for the follow!:) Wishing you
Some girls really like getting beat up. Like seriously.
haha seriously!!!! Like I'm so mad and happy and depressed at the same time.
I would be too :-) last night I dreamt I was in a lockdown with them! It was so awesome!!!
OMG hahaa! I'm gonna wear shorts ^.^ or idk. idk what to wear! i wanna wear something good! cause theyre fashion designers!
“: Who has been the best Diaper Dandy thus far?” I am sure you think it's Austin Rivers. It's Micheal Kidd-Gilchrest!!
Haha well in his videos he seems too not care :p omg i love shy boys >.< i'm shy but not shy like at the same time O.o lmao
Another great weekend at ahead of us! You've been hearing the buzz about us being the BEST nightspot in the city if not WAKEUP
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. ~ Groucho Marx
“: We learn the ropes of of a #script by untying its knots.” I love my class at Ivana Chubbuck for this.
celebrating my birthday at my favorite restaurant, P F Changs, with my favorite niece in Myrtle Beach. great birthday!!!
this rain has gotta go
I love Chicago, but of I see another one of my Facebook friends post "It's not the Willis Tower..." I'm not angry. I'm just disappointed.
Bleach>Fullmetal Alchemist (both)>Naruto>Darker Than Black #favanimerightnow (not of all time)
Things are more like today than they have ever been before.
I thought I'd give them a 30 seconds running start. In this case tho they need a day's start! LOL
I LOVE the cat on the 100sub video!!! haha i just keep thinking of the video you showed me yesterday!
This officiating is unbelievable
Hahaha! I only tweet it once in a while but counting minutes all the time while in prep & not!
Books are never finished, they are merely abandoned. Oscar Wilde
Rush to the club cuz I wana get faded.
Watching Antiques Roadshow... because I am prepping for when I am older, single, and surrounded by cats.
Get Austin Mahone Verified
I miss my baby):
IT HAPPENED AGAIN
If Denver didn't pass on that 55yd fg earlier..
There is no question would love the presser #peytonmanning us putting on.
Everyone thought NYGiants and SF49ers lost big in free agency last year..not what it seems eh??
Anyone want to buy an iPad 1, for say, $600? Come on, retro!
chains being broken as we speak. more intimacy with God in His love and freedom. last week is harder and challenging, but denying
And that's why I didn't know the microbrewery had actually opened! Is the beer any good?
Did you read it??? Good, okay, or bad? You can tell the truth, I won't ge mad :) <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
and I thank you for that! Not offended at all.
Someone Like You,<3
i like potential. and i like pilots (the 'new stuff' kind of pilots, not the 'guy who flies planes' kind of pilots)
Lmao Gotta Get In All My Candy Cravings Before I Leave. (:
Got pinched for not wearing Green even though my plugs are green -___- ppl need to learn their colors lmao xD
Hell Yeah! RT : I really want to do a college only arena tour #gobadgers!
Bush is in a similar situation as he was in Oakland. Sharing carries. Law Firm scary
Your supply is endless and brilliant.
Oh and btw ALL CATS EVERYTHING. I hear people are mad that shit is selling. You should of come up with it first.
That was a good movie just long as fuck.
If I am the summation of all my friends I might just be a loser.
Time for lunch... Behind the time today
Is anybody awake
Hey Ashley, could you DM me your contact info? I lost it. Thanks!
Getting ready for a run thru the marina.
How many people are going to represent and #ThunderUp while at #ConcertsontheCurve?
got it! You might get some good use of it in Monsoon season, some of the best lightning shots come from AZ/NM!
Not sure what the deal is
old news. person in bunker is dead.
I'm confused. Why r cities like MKE having St. Patrick's parades today? Isn't the holiday next Saturday?
Thought you might feel that way! DTs, anyone?
Grueling, yet productive night in the studio. Yay, music!
If you need to talk to anyone, I'm here for you.
#TheSaddestPart is You already know...Bt you don't even care....
My brother drowned his iPod, so he put in in the entire 1 lb package of rice instead of a bowl of rice....
I'm one happy feminist mama! My daughter's 6 months today! A woman in charge at the NY Times! Let's break 100 more ceilings before she's 2!
definitely my favorite line
those shoes are SO YOU!
You still trying to get #56 ???
ha! finally had 2 tell them 2ask if UR friends had anything 2share! Mine would've been happy 2 talk the whole time!
Truly scrumptious creation
where is your focus?do you have any thing good to focus on? are you hungry?clothes?shelter? I know you have a friend~ ME :)
You gettin abandoned or a new room?
$4.37 a gallon in unleaded gas! That's like pouring (2) Starbucks lattés into my gas tank!
Book Party at Busboys and Poets (5th and K St NW) on April 28th at 5pm. Book-THE 5TH INNING BY E. Ethelbert Miller. Memoir.
Whoa! For serious? That's wild, man.
good luck to all my classmates who have mock MLB salary arbitration oral arguments tonite.
Food baby
6,000-word article about for a prestigious genealogy journal that might make me cut half of it for being overly technical? Done.
haha yeah right! X) u cant reach my brownness! N u shush at least I tried :(
Amazon.com and datavis.com is where it is at to get those
aw well at least I wasn't the only one. After my first one went off I didn't turn my second alarm off though<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
#2ChainzRemix I'll fuck ya wife. Don't abort. 9 Months after that, CHILD SUPPORT!!!
Yes! Sasha answered my question and read my posts! Sasha keeps making my life! =))
He got his money, he doesn't need to work hard now
of course!!
I love Joanie very much! RIP ReRe :((
Go Buckeyes!!!!!
I closed down a bar last night. Now I'm slamming diet coke on the subway platform. Today's gonna be a cinch.
I HATE when basketball players scream "AND ONE!"
where are y'all?!
I hope your game is as action packed as mine was! It felt like the Cup Finals!
SORRY BRO! i didnt know it was possible to answer those while taking a shower
Oof. Best wishes in your efforts. What words are 'safe'?
OH God, I hate Snakes and insects. LOL
About to go into IKEA. If you don't hear from me in 4 hours, send someone in to look for me!!
was it the AVFC one? If so, it was probably Dion's way of saying he's actually an Arsenal fan :)
mandella still growing his hair so he don't look as black! U and ya hair same color
Congress. Fail.
Thanks for Follow Please Send Us Any Event Info You May Have and We Can Share It if You Guys Help Us Out from Time 2 Time.
I don't miss my ex. I miss the memories.
it's not gonna be the same without you D;
" My Girl Likes To Sabotage " Wale' & Lloyd'
24/7/365 Access to U.S. Doctors with 15 Year + Experience that prescribe you Medication 80% of The time for $9.87 monthly for entire Family
omg I used to love that show, jealous! Lol hope your doing good. Miss you guys.
Thank you to of for your love injection! We heart you!!
Nice! representing OHIO at #ias12 RT : Using #OhioRocks to feature connections to the state at
sounds like a good day!
After 34 straight hours of bombardment, Sumter was evacuated having offered only token response. Casualties were minimal.
I got over whatever killer bug I had lol that mess had me all messed up.
"yeah its heads get over here!"
dosnt mean you never did it.
nice. Did you play?
hey what up
I am half way done with my Tray 15 of 30. YAY!
During a huge lead. Me: "We're journalists, we have first amendment rights to be here." Bitchy lady: "I HAVE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS!"
the system always trumps any one player
hey now
A blunt would be nice right about now .
Seriously addicted to roasted cauliflower, lemon, garlic, Parm...yum!
Rangers' Hamilton blasts four HRs
yep no doubt. love that one by the way Adam. I guess Corey is not a clever man ;)
Whats wrong with wanting quiet time in the morning?
remember the leather gloves that got wet and shrank when dry. OJ
Thanks Gwen.
Same to you all!
anytime, anytime
It takes all the running you can do just to keep in the same place. ~ Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass, 1872
hey seattle friends, pure bathing culture is opening for at barboza aka jr on 4/21 (record store day!)
Email your CV to: .
Raspberry Lemon Sorbetto is the flavor or the week!
Q: is it your job to become a "librarian of the future" now? or to just be prepared for the future when it arrives?
I swear red bull truly gives me wings<U+2708>
I am. It makes me feel very hopeful!
#WhiteSox Scherzer pitching like molasses in cold Weather, and not too Skilfully either. A 32-minute inning. He should go to Boston!
When I see you again, all I want is for you to hug me. That's all I can ask for
: Glad to hear it, Kathie. Thanks for following, stay tuned for more!
Just experienced my first earthquake here in California. Interesting , but all safe and sound here at school.
Sunday at 2
Rehearsing tonight: I Love the Lord; Jesus is Mine. "Everywhere I go...everywhere I be..."
you should have came and seen me in Denver (in that order) for the last 3yrs.
he is all great when he goes after non colleagues but when it is a colleague it so wrong its his craft anyones game
IDK?! Lets go
awww love this
can it be like 5th period or something?
machine Saturday??
was that you in the JC Penny ad with Ellen?
No WAY. Stop. How?
Bummer! U guys make it home ok?
If You are truly a one directioner you will RT this #Bring1DtoHawaii !!! Think about it more shirtless pics, and surfing pics !!!! <3
Tottenham fan praying for
not bad! How about you? How're you feeling?
I will continue being an edge case for as long as I can. :)
Scheyer is gone and has said he is not coming back, the NY TIMES is a bit late...
I just hired a production company for my project. There's no turning back now :-)
Very cool. Keep it up!!
wow...and you said you werent going on twitter OR instagram. fail
I wish my brother was here. R I.P Evan <3
traveling sat to tues is the worlds best thing! pack on sat morning, don't get frazzled, and still have time for dinner date with
since is now a judge, I bet you were auditioning this year... (; don't lie man.
#JayZSyncShow how do I get a job with the director? That dude seems rad.
yep I really want to try it, it sounds great... -__- heheh x
Excited for you, Friend!
Love the mission and hear the wine is great...thanks for the rec to have you partake in a event!
Honored to be present for Hollis Stacy induction to the WGHOF Class of 2012
new single "Naughty Naughty" = OmG.
"Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. ~ The Dalai Lama (via: )
An entire forest of hair product trees were destroyed to create Eric #Karros hair.
Thanks! Yes - let's put something on the calendar soon.
Of course.
we are glad u r here!
I WANT A BETTER SEAT!!
RT #Aquarius: don't expect PDA from them but they sure are good shoulders to cry on.
The purpose of a business is to create a customer. --Peter Drucker
Results will be in Ante up magazine next month and winner of main event on cover.
Aajonus Vonderplanitz is the man for a MAN diet. The #PrimalDiet - step up - #RawFood with raw meat. Rule 1 - don't knock it, til u try it.
studying for finals and working -__- whats new
So wats good people
I get A1 everything ..
replaying "Sons of Liberty"- IDK why!
bye world of twitter...
Seems like all public tennis courts are closed. Winter season? Now starting #www paper review, hopefully this is a good one...
Kenan Lil sister on Kenan and kell was so fine lol !!!! I wonder how old she is now
Teaching myself how to make iPhone and Android apps.
Alvarez is blake griffin lil brother
good morning debbie and friends
Hey! you wanna follow me please? <U+2665>
for how much??
Happy Friday! Huge thanks to all of our old and new followers! If you put us in your #FollowFriday, we'll put you in ours!
RT Nice to meet you ant thanks for the RT!
i just wanna say thanks for following us and we hope to follow all of you we love you all <3
Piss on old-time hockey! We're losing!
Kalon might be a douche, but the skateboarder, boom box guy and Prince Charming are douche-ier..
it's a train wreck!
But whining about excuses why you lost is not what good fans do.
omg, concert's on Thursday!!! :O :D
A4.Increase in mobile videos; Mobile is primary way 75% of users access YouTube content, you can change your msg constantly
Thanks Everyone for taking advantage of the Ticket Blitz for It was a sell out! We cant wait to see you at Metro Park!
guess who's on my bus lol
Did we do it?
<<< Have you read it?
We offer excellent customer service
Risks are something we can't afford not to take.
All I see is legs and breasts ^.^
Fried cheese… with club sauce. Popcorn shrimp… with club sauce. Chicken fingers with spicy club sauce.
But relly this140 chrcter limit is tight! I wanna fuck it! But Twitter thinks its 2 classy 4 me... meanwhile I have 2 talk lik a cheap whore
I made a work twitter page! Follow me for school and community gardening and nutrition education tweets :-)
Additional Information top B file opened: 12/10/2010 Business started: 12/10/2009 Complaints 3400 Primary Contact: Jack Dorsey (CEO)
- Didn't make it to the show. Hung out with fam and friends around LA. Thanks and good lookin out! Hope it was a good show!
I do kinda like the mom though... "I want to sit by a fucking lake!!"
the Jerk is a classic. 40 Year Old Virgin is great, too. Best movie ever, however, is Midnight Run.
You can't chase these hoes nor MAKE them act right. Hoes will b hoes, Can't blame em
I just decided my last book display of the year will be disaster-themed. Hopefully this is not an omen.
what?? New Order are coming? Why was I not informed?
Say no more / be silent / I hear your every thought
Don't miss legendary Sade @ Scope in 10 days! Tickets on sale @ LiveNation.com, Ticketmaster outlets or call 800-745-3000.
RT if you speak english,love justin bieber,live in the USA
Nice. He's a very good coach & teacher. Soak it up!
lol I just laughed out loud cuz I picture thibault. He's so like indifferent. He's so funny
So is mine! We can control them haha
I wonder what Jason Voorhees' choice of drink is...even a villain has to enjoy a relaxing cocktail every now and then!
two reasons? What are they!?
defiantly not looking forward to my geometry and english eoi...
Looking for a startup to help me manage frequent flier and hotel rewards programs w/ app + dashboard.
I just realized I never answered your last question! Sorry! Yes, it's a bit overwhelming...but it's also super exciting & fun!
woah woah what an unforgettable night.
Just saw an emo grandma hahahaha
Sorority mtg. AKAs do the pretty girl rock!
Coffee at 7:30PM to combat jetlag- either my smartest move today, or my dumbest... If I'm tweeting at 2AM, you'll know which!
Well, you all do look excited about it.
the RC8 lineup is almost locked, here's who's in: ,
I missed you too <3 I would have rather been in that jail cell then home sick.
right we could have died!! Yea let's do something on the last day of school. Something really really cool. And all of 8a. ...
"Your generosity is almost unparalleled." - Ryan about Selena Gomez
I think many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
No problem! Appreciated the insight.
TSOI-NY is catching BRIGHT EYES/WILD FLAG/SUPERCHUNK 2nite at RadioCity. Cool Bill at Great Venue.
The movie went very well today. Everyone enjoyed my juggling.
Wheres that Mary Jane ??? ;)
we've pushed back the Sizzle class to June. We've seen some hesitation. Isn't cooking & drinking better than speed dating? Thoughts.
Welcome to all my new followers. As soon as I can follow more people I will follow you back! Enjoy Thoughts of a Mistress
Hey Dallas! We're still keeping the ship going. Some exciting stuff later this summer at DPL!
Thank you for the gift this a.m., Very sweet of you!
EITHER LUV ME OR LEAVE ME ALONE
I cant wait until next time
pushing green jobs and clean energy in #casots. I Like. Too bad Sanders' #SDSOC did not share that vision...
Sand vollyeball tonight at 630. not a real game, just playing for fun. let me know if u want to join!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is that the one you were looking at last week?
Goin to sleep, then have to be in lubbock by 2:30pm..*heavy sigh*
thank you to every1 who tuned in, and thank you to everyone who donated! Thank u from the bottom of our <3's!
how can you tell if an #aquarius likes you?
my affinity for drafting Lions has been my downfall lol. I have made the playoffs every year!
Shows that start at 10 on weeknights...cruel. I'm old.
im having a bad day<\3 please cheer me up<333 :(
Really ready to get back in town friday
Q1. What's YOUR favorite mode of travel transportation?
sigh cry die :'(
It doesn't NOT smell like feet in here.
idt anyone will but ok
#DepressingSitcoms two & a half men
#PicassoQ&A Did he ever admit to one greatest muse out of his many lovers?
It was hot offline before it got online a couple of months ago, there are more than 1 version of this song 1,000+ views lol
everytime I watch its inspirational
Googling "symptoms of pneumonia" instead of running to WebMD is the difference between being normal and a hypochondriac.
It's a game of runs. Hope #CLIPPERS can RUN the stuff out of #Memphis tomorrow!!!
Bad b*tches like me is hard to come by...
that's cool but I can't tomorrow.. U left Ola?? Lol
Where is everybody? Is everybody studying like I am or has everyone disappeared?
Can't wait to pour gallons upon gallons of Starbucks down my throat !
Jacob just shut up
I mean I'm happy for the boyz, but still... not the same without vinny :(
Thanks for the retweet!
Congrats - you're going to Sat May 12! Our reps will be in touch via PM :)
Chad is having a going away thing at Blackbird on Monday night. You should come!
how do u wear ur hair on a rainy day... u dont. most likely I'm going in my stash of hair pieces n my jam. we should be ok 4tomorrow :-)
much like the dirty hippies of Widespread, I could use you and a machete to clear out some of this riff raff.
Cinco de Mayo is to St. Patrick's Day and Mardi Gras as Hanukkah is to Christmas.
Three months from yesterday first #Packers preseason game. Awesome, wonder if I'll be able to catch it in Honduras? It is on
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Monday Monday
Of the snow angels or the boys??
Short Love Quotes including LIGHT:
it crashes on launch :(
Thanks, curious about the use, in restaurant biz cross contamination is talking about bacteria, but different elsewhere
that's ironic.
I hate waking up early -.-'
Working on an Ace Frehley wig - putting the finishing touches on it right now.
I love emmypooo
I am so sorry to hear of your injury. I'm praying for you. (your wife is beautiful)
many thanks!!
Loving might be a mistake but its worth making.
We agree--and running gear is stupid. Just jabbin @ you. My REAL interests are much more fascinating.
I have seen some strange stuff come out of computers that should have NEVER been there
Awesome Andy!! Good luck Buddy...great cause!!
nice blog - who did the layout?
That is the absolute worst thing -- and I've photographed a lot of track.
Thanks for following , & !
+1 RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Lara got buffalo hot sauce in her eye
We always keep your place tidy
srsly what does it say though
Bout to go cook!!! Upset have to cook now,,,,,, ugh cowboys
had bluetooth headphones for $25, but just look too dorky
. You're always livin' on the ragged edge of adventure, Wild Nick.
Lactic workout this weekend..9am @ LMU
Thanks! tick tock <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA> #CUBS <U+26BE> RT 3 more days until opening day. Actually, 2 days, 23 hours, and 9 minutes, to be exact.
Lis knows I did that to someone I thought was better than that. Block hand strong.
Not feeling so good...
"Kidrauhl is Amazing" uh no
All my friends who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
Not leaving your house because of snow hate.
how's the training coming along? Headed out for 10 here in NOLA. Highs upper 50s today. You got your snow shoes up there?
just singing along to IfIDieYoung while recording my mate singing it then watching it back realising u can hear me not good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
You too
just kinda waking up
u ever met a chick dat smelled like horse ankles
i loved it :)
hey u gone stop trynna play my momma real talk lol
Yeah. Stupid people... -___-
you are all so quick.
for sure. GO GIANTS!!!
they have dual flush conversion kits for $20 that work on front flushers.
Should have consulted a musician. You guys know.
ya buddy!
Ivanka Trumps teeth: real or fake?
Headed out to grab some bud. Anyone need anyting?
#peopleiveseenlive augustana, austin gibbs, carter hulsey, hey monday, cartel, versaemerge, boys like girls, the cab, we are the in crowd
im right here!!
it's okay baby! Just means you're tired! :D
Enjoyed both stories, and the humility :) ": I am rhythmless and proud of it!
<U+0639><U+064A><U+0634> <U+0627><U+0644><U+0623><U+062C><U+0648><U+0627><U+0621> put wig on n act like it never was.. the fucking up that is.. and that's because it really never was
good! Did you get my mockups?
RIP Whitney...we will all remember your beautiful voice.....
Will definitely take one shortly (eye phone needs to charge, lol).
#Raven wasn't that bad!
Starting a new schedule tomorrow allowing for more am activity! Now if we could kick this cold!
back on our beauty school grinds tomorrow!! can't believe ur leaving me for a whole week thou :(
Located in Miami Gardens
discussing the nexus of creativity innovation and imagination
bill nye the science guy is from Seattle
oh yea.
happy to see Spanish companies in the Show Daily of : & resol!
My friends told me that I need to be more mean but I dont really like to be mean so im refusing at the moment my personality makes me,me :p
Can't win games if u have turnovers #Bronocs gotta come out in the second half and kill these bastards
To be quite honest, this tears me up.
Tomorrow is Wednesday the 4th! My favorite day and number!
One more week! NBA playoffs!
we all love the mums of One Direction:)
we had a nice rainbow down south!
#allthewaytourmemories Dancing on stage twice! :D
yes way c; && that's cool, my cousin is from there. & have you ever seen Austin?
Don't be bummed! will be performing through April 1. It's not too late to get judged!
Mir is getting wrecked
Gym flow *early*. GM ^_^
Thanks for the shout out, Mike!
Think Melvin J. Collier, awardee looks familiar? Was 1 of experts consulted for Spike Lee episode of 'Who do you think you are?'
weather I know or not that still doesn't render the curse of the SNICKS losing streaks every year....period.
lol me too i pick the Celtics to win tonight lol. But i want to see Jennings play better then what he did last game
u never invite me anywhere either
I love this chicks ass
#YouWasSexyUntil I found out you slept with every wanna be in Orlando.
so whats the plan ladies
Highlight of the day: showing an elderly woman how to take out library #ebooks for her Kindle before she and her husband flew back to NY.
thank you.
The NYC Expanded Success Initiative aims to improve the college and career readiness of young men of color.
LOL I was like somebody is missing in this game lol ": im sayin right! disappeared into thin air"
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. ~ Christopher Isherwood
I feel like if you've got a huge rapper chain & ya not a famous rapper, #YouADrugDealer lol
Me and old sis playing zombies on blk ops
Have you printed any tshirts for #SuperBowl Sunday?
: I too checked LOC flikr account & was impressed! I wonder if any institutions struggle with inappropriate commenting?
your music is the REALEST shit past & present future.
-- just checked out your blog. Love the photos. You've done some great work.
kinda weird. :/
What's more great than online school B)
I think so
My poor bby wish I was home
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 27
Dude, Clippy is SKETCHY. The way he waggles his eyebrows really sleeves me out. I could see him slipping drugs in your docs.
"you have to finish your broccoli if you want a cup cake." I can't believe I just said that.
happy birthday! I can't believe ur already 16.. It seems like yesterday I fell for a 14 year old boy.. And now he's 16 <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
saw a tweet about a guy's mom making #scrapplemac (Mac & Cheese with #scrapple). Isn't America wonderful?!
Monique, I'm there too - glad to be up to 1 wk, but it's not always same day.
We should have our next samples within a week!
Thanks; planning to use the idea in my RBS course. We should compare notes. Making a workbook now. Let's meet up in Cville.
where u at?
With record high jackpots, I wonder how many have caught lottery fever?!
Destination weddings cost less on average because they tend to have fewer guests, which means fewer dinners and drinks to cover.
So true Wendy your never to old
Awe shiii' I hate thunder storms.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Great advice!!! Thanks for posting this.
Is there anything worse or more uncomfortable than a pair of Apple iPhone earbuds?
#Amazon just got my order bc of the poor customer service at #BarnesandNoble #CoralSprings my 6 yo said she never wants to go there again.
I love texting people and not getting responses. :( I feel ignored.
haha working overtime for a time piece
youtube me!!! = juliusvevo
oh ..well do u have a computer ? (:
ONE MORE GAME!
": Get your taxes done right the first time with " Thanks for the endorsement and kind words.
This movie sucks...
If you want to reach a state of bliss, then go beyond your ego and the internal dialogue.
But margarita for me.
you're sweet. <3
I wonder if a thought unhindered continues forever like sound unimpeded by obstacles...
my knee cap isn't attached correctly to the part it's supposed to be connected to. Wbu.?
New video is encoding. It is a 1 minute updates video.
Watching High School Musical and drinking chocolate milk:)
Hit my theme music!!
Already been up for 2 hours.
Those people who want to close #libraries have clearly never seen the excited look a kid gets when the book s/he wants is in stock.
How you boutta go from me to her.. #downgrade baby, I ain't the only one laughin at you
I agree!!
O he just played Olivia!
"Give me liberty or give me an own goal" --me, being a bad comic, just now
I want another tat
The Half Monty
'Why are we laughing, guys they're in love' !
#shitfangirlssay he signed your shoes? He signed my face.
Heady moon tonight bros an broettes
is the number 1 selling Fathead
Saturday should be a great day for "Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie." As soon we get great news, we'll let you know!!
how ridiculous would it be to get something that you've drawn tattooed. I'm thinkin bout it.
I really wanna post a cover to my YouTube. What are your favorite songs that are out right now? I'd love some suggestions (:
Prepping for today's focus group! Thank you to everyone that signed up. Check back here for upcoming events.
lol umm.. Idk. I haven't been on twitter. And I HIGHLY doubt that's true!! He would never do that.
Kyle Singler is quickly approaching JJ Reddick as my most hated BB player of all time.
told you she'd know you were cheating
I was having a horrible day, I mean HORRIBLE! until I found out Tyler Posey followed me. I know it's just a follow but that made my day....
i need to go to Bora Bora! somebody take me please? :)
"Original HP ink cartridges print up to two times the pages than other cartridges." Grammar is dead. Long live grammar.
The Blacker the Berry the Sweeter the Juice haha
Squinty sun through the blinds. Shannon Sharpe's voice booming. The regulars bellied up. Sunday morn at The Stadium Inn.
Sleepover with Alexis c:<
I may encourage more terrorist attacks but o well.
all great but where is bloom's for the 21rst century? ur missing creating, understanding and remembering
what's the link to the video?
why are you an egg? You should get a real pic like (But I'm still #teammegan...)
Belgium Part Two: A Gastronomical Delight... Eat, Drink, And Be Merry: The attractions are endless in this tiny country as it is home...
thanks for reminding about ISS awesome view
It makes me ill whenever anyone talks favorably about frictionless sharing apps. I cringe when hearing self serving statistics.
Kentucky is hands down the better team here
Will there be candy?
i can't because its cut. And sweaty. And its college apparel day.
RT : Happy new years everyone :)
It's like takethemoneyandrun...do we really have to tell those idiots to shut the F up and run?
LOLL OMG ON TUMBLR I LITERALLY JUST THOUGHT A GIF OF JUSTIN BIEBER WAS ZAYN AT FIRST GLANCE.
Lol hows your workout been going RT : ": Leaving the gym had great workout this morning" that's what's up!
can't wait to see you here in DC for wpgc's 25th anniversary
“: "Umm, has turned into the girl version of Scott stapp" - ”
“When you've reached the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.”-American proverb, source unknown
Feels like a great day for a NEW website. Ready, set, GO!!! www.teachwithafrica.org
Its no big deal. You know what it is.
This game is gunna be awesome....Warner vs Eli...shootout written all over it.
Today shall henceforth be known as #MayDay in Brewers lore.
“: UW shoots 32 percent, had a season-high 12 turnovers, made a season-low five 3-pointers, gets outrebounded 44-32.”
Follow us on Twitter!
no problem, we would gladly appreciate if u follow us back
followed you love :)
yep i loved that show lol so now i know u are as old as me lol
LOOL I should! >:)
In contrast, in Austria they take ur license away on ur 1st DUI. There is zero chance of it even among youth -- the stakes r 2 high.
yeah watched first 2-3 -- liking it - tx for reco!
13 years of waiting for THIS day. Graduation. Seems like yesterday we were all in Longfellow standing in line for the bathroom!
I can't wait either! I'm gonna be voting like crazy for you!
I'm hungry ._.
6th of December... Learn Why the Innocent Die Young...
you shulda just said you were shuffling with jesus :)
Do you have photos from EdCom Marketplace of Ideas, esp of my SciCafe poster? I saw you taking some & would love to share w/ others.
Words hurt. Realize it before you start throwing them around like it doesn't matter.
TIME TO TREND ABOUT MINNT GUOSE LET'S GO
like you do ? lmao
You got me saying Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean
Can't wait to see everyone again at
Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy. Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry. & loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life.
I did it along time ago but can't remember how I did. I think it is in settings to block it.
She Looks Just Like Me.
I have seriously been glued to my phone al day!! I had to charge my phone three times
Tweet for the USA Bid for the 2018 or 2022 World Cup . gives FIFA their bid to host World Cup. #goUSAbid PLS RT
me!!!!! <33 and I forgot the date but in Gainsville Florida!!! Home of the Gators!! <33 hahaha
45 min wait for the Y5 bus.. NO FRIGGIN EXCUSE METRO! Get your damn act together!
Protect our care!
The Dead isn't really the most action driven movie, but it has some pretty sad points to it.
The manuscript for Book Two has finally been proofed! *confetti*
yup, someone missed the lecture on real vs. online "activism"
I see you #Caps!
Gus is out of control.
NO SALE FOR U
errthing better pussy prolly tight & all lol. She ain't been ran threw either
Lectured this morning... In Vegas!! Vdara is very low key but mandarin Oriental is still my fave!!
I'm sitting watching Gladiator for the fiftyith time on my birthday. A happy birthday wish would be very cool.
Thank you ^_^
Working Tech support gets on my nerves. Hope this project progresses next week >_<
I'm pretty sure that our common interests are getting kind of creepy! Now Felicity???? Soul sisters I tell ya!!!!
No, you're not the only woman that hates clothes shopping. I feel your pain...
I think you forgot some things...
Good work surviving the rapture folks. Reward yourselves with a Breakfast Burrito and a Bloody Mary for just 10 bucks until 3.
We raised $580 through to buy new coats for our kids! Thanks to all of you, they'll be warm and toasty all winter!
the username, i just wanna read it
Peter Konz still on the board... Shoulda stayed in school another year like
Awesome to see Shabazz Muhammad choose UCLA. Now let's see Nerlens Noel choose Syracuse!!
what jobs have Newt created?
Wish could Executive Produce my LP... *sigh* lol
Triple axels and shit. Ice skating with
@ well said.
NCBS (Nerds Carry Big Sacks) Clothing line. Coming out when I get my lazy self up and talk to these people, lol. Hopefully by August.
": I am just messing wit you big bro I know"////I KNO LMAO
Everything in moderation. At least you stopped at five.
Shut Up and Play the Hits and interesting counterpoint to Abramovic's The Artist is Present. The desert and oasis of ego.
Not even a retweet or simple tweet smh
So glad more stores are embracing more of the contemporary look. I LUV IT!!!
please fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort &joy to #holidayhash, and you could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Politics may be broke but society moves on. -David Brooks,speaking about dysfunction in Washington
Right!! I be like 'Bitch why the fuck did you unfollow me?!" Smdh
I HATE Monday's more than any other day of the week.
Just drank 3 heinekens in 10 minutes and I'm not drunk. I'm getting old
Just speaking the truth, girl.;)
Web launch is not the end. It is the beginning
Whoa We just saw an animagaee finger
yes....yes she does.
Why do they always use a deep voice before a show to say "viewer discretion is advised"
frozen carrots excellent for babies.
Pretty sure I have the Flu. :(
At your next networking event, stand apart from everyone in the room by simply introducing yourself and asking “who do you need to meet"?
apparently 90% of our bodies are composed of microorganisms.
Made the softball team!
sad song
You know my name, not my story.
Now Following
A relationship wit money!
an elegant way to work Harden into the starting lineup.
what are we gonna do?
is that what she means? RT : "meow" means "now," not "when you get around to it."
Do you remember the title?
TELL ME WHAT THEY SAID!!!!!!!!! TEXT IT PLEASE!!!!!:D i cant wait.
its so fkn simple but yu rather make it hard
The coolest chocolate truffle in the city may just be our incredible lime curd filled version, available by the piece or by the pound.
“: . Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice. DT: usually youre so good with the spoiler alert. Why set the DVR now?
Everything is more fun to read when you imagine it in George Takei's voice.
haha love it
Looks like today will be including a Target run, as I just used up the last of the coffee in the house.
PUT CROSBY to SLEEP
Nice move there Harrington
Life with rain is good. Hello stormy weather.
If my next movie bomb$ I hope my smokin hot wife yells "Brian can't F***n act everybody's roles for them!" to a Giant's fan...
Accepting bball season is over... countdown to fball begins. Can't wait to see on the field! gonna run the show!
Who is here tonight?
I know, right?
From OWS official site re #May1: Occupy Wall Street After party 8pm, Wall Street area, details forthcoming Hope to see Paris Hilton or Lilo.
You have so much talent, girl! You're going to go far with your talent too, forsure! Congrats on getting so far!
Don't miss our Hospitality Party on SUNDAY 8p-midnight FREE Food & DRINKS! Lingerie Theme! Oh Yeah!
oh okay than she can drive
Apparently the virgin Mary rides in the back of a ford f150.
Tetanus Shurikens. Or anything horrible, on shurikens.
Thank you! They're pretty fancy!
Almost 900 followers thnx so much u guys. I'll giv my 900th follower a S/O
The weather is absolutely beautiful here in STL. Happy Labor Day everyone!
I love Adele! & I love her short hair!
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 8
2 down on our BBQ bus tour leaving headin' towards Taylor.
RT if you
Data visualization can include scatterplots of baseball pitchers' pitches
Of course, Mifflin Street is out of UW's legal jurisdiction… so mostly the policing comes from #dontgo videos.
Looking for work in my sleep
Super crunch time at Tenant Resource Center . . . trying not to be a perfectionist . . . so . . .hard . . . I need two more weeks!
Parents- bad grades don't always mean no effort. and punishing a kid for getting bad grades doesn't make them smart.
"Thyme fries!" says the cashier repeatedly to a confused man who, I'm sure, is thinking she's saying "time flies."
Hi back, Desiree! Sorry I missed the conference. It sounded great and would have been fun to meet!
That awlward moment when you realize you were staring at someone's butt...and then you realize somone else saw you staring... =_=;
#TilIDieRT : #fairweather RT I love to golf, but the prospect of golfing when it's 90° kills my golf boner
I really wish I could get through an episode of #SYTTD without crying like a baby.
Happy birthday to Mike - one of the coolest and smartest guys I know!
Never been first one on a news report, so it's obviously a bit scary. However, I'm confident in this source that says Jackson is extended.
Looking to buy a home? Let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy a home in a distressed market www.TheOertelGroup.com
What did you think? RT : I'm downtown @ the Art & Soul festival in The Artsgarden. Shoutout to the Arts Council of Indianapolis.
lol I know
Really? That actually happens?
News flash! Vikings stadium final version passes full House! #mnleg #Vikes #Vikings Last hurdle is MN Senate!
Chinatown for dinner. My partner in crime wants to go to Joyee's. Should I dissuade her with something better?
when I'm done with book, should I try for a large publisher or self publish?
can u plz shoutout me plz i need some followers please
new website is up!
way to get after Sheen! ha ha
Jimmy Carter: With modern technology one person can reach many w/ message for peace that is very powerful for students
Kohr&#39;s custard coming to North Jersey
Maybe I should stop subtweeting and start doing my paper...
Happy Birthday Love Love Love U!!! :-)
No one is actually gonna do this #MentionYourCrush shiz
What do your competitors' documents look and read like? Make yours better with ScribeModerne!
Totally agree with you....I am beyond perplexed by Xtina's choice, same with her getting rid of Jesse Campbell
Life goes up and down but as long as I have him i know i will survive
it drops june 1st :)
A lot.
Charity Poker Tournament Richmond Va, April 7th would love to have you attend. Benefit Lupus Foundation of America.
Thanks -- hope it gets back up soon! Trying to work on a story :-)
Followed back :) Sorry it took so long.
is it weird to say that you make 19 million beliebers feel like you want them? Because I feel like you know me...;)
Playin' the dozens goose style-"Yo' mama's so fat, she was asked to buzz the Bears' game". My sister came up with that!
The #Mariners just look lost at the plate..
I've pulled the trigger. Got the DBA set up - all systems go for April 5th. We must set ourselves up to attract success. Thats the Secret
ha thanks bro #ipad is tight as fukkkk
i mean what kind of fag wouldn't get that?
Love this ----> TRUST = Confidence + Competent + Consistency via
#Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. -
Chocolate chip cookies.
need a blunt n im bout to get 1
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day.
File exporting...
interesting. Are you a user? Perfect for me while at the NASCAR track:)
oh ok. I miss you!!
You know your show needs money when "screening calls" is done by letting the answering machine take them first.
Celebrate National #PoetryMonth! Share your students poetry with us! :)
it didnt work :(
I'm eager to learn about "rethinking" 's website in the #12NTCredesign seasion with and at
sounds frightening
Two days till the biggest karaoke contest in #denver. Have you signed up?? Over $800 in prizes
New twitter name....surprised this one hasnt been taken yet. lol oh well. goodnite twitter
These past 2 weeks have been surreal. What a weekend for the #stoopkids #thestoop Doing big things
Chaos always precedes creation or re-creation, and you just have to live into the chaos. Another thing I wish weren't true.
Teach them how to "fish!" RT T4: How can hospitals engage with patients who do not participate in social media?
thanks, dear. Happy to have finally made it this far!
:) hi how are you?
Got my tux and happy as can be! ^_^
Roomies stalker is watching #PLL with us
Can we cut back to the dog from 'The Artist'?
My friend just said he would rather lose his donger than one of his eyes... it's a crazy world.
you're welcome from both of us.
Midnight in Paris...ah, Paris...I'm in #love with u again. Woody...u killed it.
I hate him because he shot my beagle ...and ate him...“: I loved Ted Nugent when I was 14, now, not so much. I don't know why.”
can say # i need a job!!
well I never really got to follow through CAUSE SOMEBODY STILL HASN'T BOUGHT HER FUCKING BENTO BOX! not waiting for u anymore!
Happy Easter every1!! Spend this time with your family & friends!!!
very cool!
At for discussion re increasing exports w/ former Chicago Mayor Daley, SD Mayor Sanders Tijuana Mayor Bustamante #global cities
cool i like that name :)
Thanks! It'll be grand to retrace Hannah's footsteps!
I like the play on words!
Happy birthday to our fabulous ! We couldn't do it without you <U+2661>
so i had to call our work help desk today that's in MN and she asked what part of the south im from...howd she know
I'm sure your 598 Twitter followers and 12 regular blog-readers will rush right over. Got hair?
Launching this afternoon :) are you ready for us? www.cultuschichi.us
Good for you :) Being a natural giver, one also has to learn how to accept receiving... Both the Intangible & Tangible :))
phone going off until tomorrow if u need me dm please I am always here
uhh I think Rihanna!
What phone are you carrying these days?
VA: it is not only about money, it is about systems and data.
Some credit to #SuperBowl? RT A-B: Bud Light Platinum is most successful launch in US alcohol industry since '05
Great to mee...I mean see you last night. :) Let's catch up again soon.
Doing vocal exercises are just as tough as regular exercises, I've worked up a sweat!!
But I am so NOT pretty
....... SPEECHSPEECHSPEECHSPEECH! I'm a little excitable ;)
huge congratulations!!! (Also, we use the same WP theme; every time I click on your blog I get confused and think it is mine!)
live your icon Dev!:-)
An optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty Winston Churchill --SLA Thinking Strategically
Impossible" is not a word. It's just an excuse for those who are not willing to try.
Happy bday dude! U and r my fav Blazers! Hope to see you on the court more!
Starting to feel more and more of the change of season! Is it just me or is time just flying lately?
Aw shucks.
nice man!
Lol, my own body hates itself.
Can help guitar teachers?
A great many people think they are thinking when they are acutally rearranging their prejudices.- William James
Tried Cafe Mango on Jefferson & 17th today, pretty cool menu, espresso styles, and free Wifi. Check it out.
I do the same thing for unused cards! Yet somehow, they hardly ever get used.
#0009 I enjoy reading your tweets!! :) and I saw that your in the hospital?! Get well soon :)
I understand the nervousness, it's normal & will keep you sharp! Just remember your training, you're ready for this!!
Hopefully my eye get better...been lookin at some of yall ugly fuxkz tuh long
The first cool day of the season in Vegas... I'll take it w/o a complaint.
!!!!!! I found their first CD the other day and have been freaking out with love for it. They're the best!
Life goes on
be in Portland tomorrow.
My pleasure!!
Big love to all of you guys! #TeamBluey :)
lol, thank you thank you. One day, one day!
Cant believe ingram is still availible, move up #dabears!!!!
We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life.
There are many people who will be standing between you and what you want. Don't let yourself be one of those people.
I don't love you no more nowww~
Come on heat cant let them beat yall
Just RT'd and got it on iTunes! We love you! And your song makes us wanna dance the night away!
you are pathetic. can't stand hearing the truth
couldn't cause you never called me back
I should've invested in knee pads for volleyball...
I always try to go to lunch right before I start confusing LogiXML with other L words.
Well look who it is :) Welcome to twitter fellow #Canes alum.
Watching Walking Tall and your a pretty darn good actor Mr Knoxville great job!
probably leaving Friday night
I used QR codes, plugged the content into wikitude during the event on thursday at Heritage Square
Boarding, headed back to Atlanta.
Hell yea
“: #delocated's season finale was nothing short of epic but Wang Cho was my favorite charecter :/ #Season4” so is Jon dead?
I grew up with a #mother that taught me to #believe in me!
What's our study room?
Sleep or recording? Recording, of course. I can sleep when I'm dead.
I wonder what assets the #navyseal team took from the #OBL compound? Laptops? Journals? Cell phones? Some folks scrambling now.
Great to meet, finally :-), Jim Bak of
Hey , thanks for the follow.
I'm texas trill Texas trill norf side nigga I keeps it real #teama$ap
Thank You for following the Pancreatic Action Netwrok Milwaukee Affiliate!
. - ring us or check your email so we can do our best to get your team registered!
People yelling in the morning >>>
Happy Thanksgiving!
Looking forward to doing some more stuff in the future with you guys. I am on the tomorrow, please retweet.
...others that experience at 15!
If you can't take the heat, don't tickle the dragon. - Scott Fahlman
UGH DON'T TAKE MY FOOD
this is not a punk sport. Roger stop treating football as if you are dealing with kids.
Taking over on another show today. I feel like Mariano Rivera.
RT : and you can bet to see some changes, from here forward ....
Gonna be up all night cleaning before my moms arrival, fuck
": grads got McDonnell as their speaker, and got Eric Holder? LMAO." Agree! U said what's on my mind. Thanks!
lol you know what it is
They wanna go fishing&use me as the pole...am i that little? Lmfao :P
#ecet2 just learned about #ECET2 followup presentation happening in Memphis nxt week. & Nice job! Way b4 4/16 :-)
The fact that I just landed an interview with the "mini god of shoe design" at the end of this month is priceless. To God be the glory!
*the muscles in my jaw tightening* Yes. Did she say anything?
I wish these niggas at work keep it on some 8hr shit if I don't fuck wit u outside work u ain't my man
Slightly concerned for Node.js after day one of Node Summit. Not nearly as exciting as Node Day @ OSCon 2011.
COMPLETELY unacceptable for a woman's feet (or man for that matter) to smell like open ass.
Part of me wants to see that snow white movie.
wow what a great opportunity
Audience member threw 5 bucks at me while I was on stage
time for a lil BBQ
happy birthday to you
- my request pending..
lol. Thanks. Cheers to u
"Penguins do this!"
don't get a hairrrcuuttt!!! Worst mistake EVER! :p
How u rep urself is what ppl respect u for or hate u for. Either way be u.
that is a really cute movie!
angrybirds get to make the best noises (and if you find any groups dressed up as pigs...you know what to do)
Pete Wentz is at The Rock tonight. Hmm maybe I'll go after the show and have him autograph my Fall Out Boy stuff.
If I die before I wake,I pray the lord my soul to take
And then the servers went down. Apparently something silly happened like 30,000 going to #REDUSER at once.
Carl Malamud: The knowledge lobby should be more powerful than the gun lobby
just sent him a friend request (and may have dropped your name...sorry) ~Cheers!
Glad you took time off! Heart goes out to you about Honeybear and glad your family is ok. Great intro to the new episode.
While this is true, he's forgetting the whole "make money" part!
Oh boy! Working on some product development today, did someone say cute blouses?? Woo!
heheheheh I have my ways <3
so confused abt the crystals
Let's work together to stop suicide in our communities
it's just tht u look a lot diff. In this pic then the other!
My biggest takeaway from the class was the use of listening tools & qualitative/quantitative analytic tools like Netbase
It's a beautiful time to close out The Shadow Box. So blessed to have been part of this project. Two more performances to go...
Yes ma'am he did
Patience is a key element of success. - Bill Gates
got off work, tore up some Dorito Locos with my friend. I'd say it was an overall good day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
We done did it again boyzz... Fuckedd up tha nite but too bad rowdy went to jail!!!!!!!!!!
Dry Stout Old Scratch American Pale red union jack Ozzy
make ball go far. I bet him and Ron got some good coke during that rain delay, helping the cause dramatically.
No ugly hoes at this school
Maroon Tigers turn the ball over with 4 second left and a chance to win the game. Score: Paine 61, Morehouse 60
Jennifer Hudson Hits Up Six Flags the Day After Verdict: Less than 24 hours after William Balfour was found guilty of murdering her m...
Stop talking about the free market. Cave men participated in the free market and all they did was murder each other all day.
I'm guessing 4/20 and the Copenhagen Starvation Diet don't go well together.
GOD is great, beer is good, and people are crazy
Why do the #Suns foul down 3 w/ 53 seconds left? No need to send them to the line there. Play defense.
Why! ": Blazers interim general manager Chad Buchanan confirms Portland has signed Kurt Thomas for two seasons"
Happy mothers day to all the women who raised me and the women who raised those women
RT Just finished a great interview on . Listen in February- featured > 30 times!
happy birthday
Okay. Sounds good to me.(:
LOL !! That makes sense though.
Here's a fun fashion tip ladies: Not only do Cubs shirts clash with everything, they also make you look less attractive
#FF just fucking do it!D:<
Glad I'm not in 17 degree weather. I knew there was something good about LA!
I'm actually a pretty awesome girlfriend.
…bestest friend I love you to prices haha (pieces) #i know I spelt it wrong…I ment to
Katherine Boo was a "reliably ridiculous spectacle" to the slum-dwellers she chronicled, with "concerns more pressing than my presence."
I don't follow hockey, but it seems to me, whoever wins the Kings/Coyotes series will be the Stanley Cup champs..
c'mon son
Ooh! Delicious Root Beer delivery, courtesy ! Thanks, guys!
#Utah what is going on tonight?
Tis the season for a new profile pic. Want to be clear about my politics.
My report card the exact same
#ifyouknowmeyouknow how much I love my husband
Don't speak to me if you're gonna be irritating!!!!!!!! :-|
We buy junk cars! Dollars for Junk Cars will give you cash for junk cars in Atlanta. Just here what some of your happy customers have...
RT : don't pretend like you actually care
Diffrint from NBA da coach pay ya agent n your stuff ...
A Separation Very moving film.
GOTTA GO PEOPLE NYC HERE I COME GOING TO SIT IN SOME TRAFFIC GRIPEABOUTIT.COM GO THERE.
why you say that
Yay! I'll be in touch.
It's almost Spring Break!!! Woo #Vegas on Monday!!!
I never get an answer on this. If u see educated ppl in ur community..
he didn't even deserve that win, it was 12 rounds with no knockouts he won off points like come on
Love the brownies till i die but when will the year be when were not excited for the draft
Ill Never Compete To That Because I Dont Compete.
follow back?
Fuck feelings & people just the same.
Great to see you back today. All the best to you and your family.
How is everyone handling the snow this morning? Stay safe!
TRAFFIC: WB I90 near Stoughton - vehicle with trailer spun out & pointing the wrong direction, on the shoulder
I think Baylors strategy is to blind #kubball with their uni's.
Jodi Sperling (JCCA): there are no boundaries in Jewish education - we want ppl engaged Jewishly
that's what we're doing. Not sure there's much else to do aside from try and acclimate.
watching the closer
I'm so glad...love her and J
lmao I meant mexican food
you here for Derby?
Just won Best Action Sequence Baby!!!! Yeah!!!! #ActionOnFilm festival !!!
Will this year's attendance be over or under last year's?
Did u like Philly I lived there for half my life
I did 85% travel time back in the '80's. Near the end of my career I could be asleep before push back & wake on the touchdown
friday ADD kicks in ... my DC trending topics haiku: #YourFaceMakesMe say / #getoutmybedroom stupak / red line to rockville
thanks guys!
A chocolate straw sounds so good right now
As Cindi Lauper sang, "Girls just wanna have fun..."
You don't have to wait for that - you can be a blessing to others right now. There's always someone you can shine upon!
Wishing all you Moms a very Happy Mothers Day and great photos!
Cookies and Apple Juice
Yuck! I'll stick with my ground venison chili! 2lbs ground venison, onion, tomato, garlic, olive oil, etc. YUM!
If I mean so much to you, why do you keep pushing me away.
The whole nation would have been drunk of their asses all week if we start that game last week.
You can celebrate and improve these movies but prduce. The money is in creating Mad Men not watching it.
well they r working quick then so a plus for u
Thanks for following!
Miami takes the scrappy Dallas Mavericks in 6 games...
why do these commentators keep calling you a "boy"? Last I checked you were the Champ, who supports his two kids and wife.
are you at #soslam? I'm a GU SCS grad. (Happy Georgetown Day!)
Interesting... Thanks for the link.
#WPBT #PBS Miami cut Mahler's 2nd symphony in mid-note for ads + MI5 What's up with that?
#legends Chipper with walk-off vs the phillies
Hope everyone in DC is enjoying the great weather this weekend!
I'm watching "The Darwin Awards" and I think I might be slightly hematophobic.
Had a great positive day!! :) Thanking God every step of the way.
I vote for not having any of the food folk I follow ask me to vote for anything anymore.
Mahalo for the follow!
“Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it” (I don't know who said this first)
#Time to move on and not waste our precious lives to flatter those who #betray us, no matter how amazing it may feel at the time.
Have one for me!
TONIGHT is movie night on the patio in MKE. 8:30pm --> Fight Club, $2.50 Lakefront & select Import Bottles & free kettle corn!
Me n currently sharing
how do u make a bad girl good
Even tho we always arguing and fighting (and I mean literally fighting) ima always have love for my brothers and sisters :-)
Excluding women from testifying at congressional hearing RE contraception is also about controlling women's sex & reproductive lives (4of6)
if i lay here, would you lie with me?
you have a good weekend!?
NO point to even going to the hotel....there are so many annoying fans now
I'd be tweeting more, but it's better to actually meet people in person!
yes! What would be your route!
I TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU!!!
Has there been a bigger game all year? Go #caps!
I cried when I sat on my balls just now.
There ain't no reason you and me should be alone!!
Wow. Photoshop is turning 20 years old. I have been with the little guy for 19 of those. I am so proud, and so old.
Dinner Special is on! You ready for this...
How's #codeacademy coming along? Ready for a new week?
Harvey Fineberg claims we have more bacteria than we have cells in our body. What does this mean for who we are and how we define ourselves?
Hello y'all
All fast foods overseas, serve better quality of food then we get in the USA. The Decor is even a higher stander.
yeah... when did "Human Resources" become not bad enough?
Don't forget to attend our next event on 8/27, Master the Art of Networking with Dave Sherman, professional speaker & best selling author.
The brain is strained - building out the first draft of the agenda. All the topic suggestions are so fantastic, it's hard to get it all in.
Come in and check out our Fiats! We are offering 0% financing or $500 cash allowance!
looking foward to the feature going live in 12 minutes, it's a serious summer buy
if you liked Ugly Meter, u will LOVE ScanMan when it's done in about a month :-). I can send u a promo code if ure interestred
I like Marshall as well and would take back Robin for the right price.
Good for you! I'm feeling guilty...
Thanks, Chris! Have a great weekend!
The #Seahawks' three way mock. Luke Kuechly or one of two twists, Nick Perry or Riley Reiff.
the fucking balloons in the house keep fucking each other against the wall. ITS ALL THE WINDS FAULT. GODDAMN FAN.
I still think Justice Hagan could be acted by John Goodman in drag.
Just finished studying! Big cardio pulmonary test tomorrow ... intense!!!!
I just know this fucking iPad is cheating. There is no way I could lose that many times
We just launched our new line of really cute, eco-friendly, made in the USA apparel for women at StonerCouture.com. See you there. Neil
I am sorry I made a mistake on the invitation I sent earlier. It said Saturday September 25th, it is actually Sunday September 25th.
maybe, i don't know yet, wheres it at?
Don't do it. RT : Never want to leave Ireland.
Gonna sleep early tonight lots to do this week
symbaloo is often used as visual cirriculum tool. Would like to discuss possibilities. 1 of the 7 fantastic free tools
Ok the broadcast portion of this day is over. I have a book to read and French Tech Tour training at the crack of dawn. Nite kids
has swapped show dates! BRIGHT ROOM CALLED DAY next on deck! May 29-31 @ 8pm, June 1 @ 2:30pm and June 4-7 @ 8pm! check us out!
This Direct TV ad is hilarious!! Don't sell your wig to the wig shop. Get #direct tv....lol!!
Ask to follow back;)
Ok, I'm putting the DTD album on my phone! Can't wait til y'all hear this 1!
The April B-Mac Attack: Lower Abs, Thighs & Glutes <3 time to lean & level up!!!
I'm so happy you found someone that makes you so happy. You derserve it. I'm happy for you. You're a great friend, iloveyou<3
Get ready for the biggest week in KY sports history with CN|2 Sports starting tonight. and I will talk Dream Game. 630 & 1030.
Ide be happier if you were here in beautiful Central Florida where it's 81 degrees.
Looking great man! Nice work :)
Anyone gonna be in Vegas for Memorial Day. Hit me at (310) 971-3346 if so - I got pool parties, clubs, and everything set up.
We really doing Runyon? My a*s needs it! Can we bring snacks? LOL
David will be talking with guests in the room of our German Distributor, High Fidelity Studio. Atrium 4 1.OG F127 #HighEndShow in
yeah and you look like plankton...
Most go looking for a woman they can live with try looking for one you can't live without!
oh so hungry m breakfast
the cure for cancer is medical marijuana. Uneducated mayor Sanders
“:Thursday S/o 2 Followers :-) ” Thanks dude!
w/e is good tx for shout out!
1, 2, 3, 4 some come crazy ass kids come and knocked up on your door so *knock knock* let 'em in
And I LOVE how someone believes that "friends" don't need to talk every day -_-. Really? Maybe they need to read what a friend is.
"Use slides to illustrate your point"
Worst possible outcome....
yea yea yea
Utsa wins 17 to 14 with a last minute field goal
I wonder if any of my babies are in HSL studying for this orgo test we have tomorrow.
In the lab.
get over it
It's National Walk to Work Day tomorrow!! Spread the word around your office and have a contest. Who can walk the most miles/minutes?
Mention 3rd Thursday tomorrow to your bartender to get a hour of free pool between 6-8:30pm
Has anyone signed Kellen Moore as a FA Yet,There are some better guys out there,Stapelton wont make it,why bring a body in
Cute how some people can judge people for their PAID modeling work. Oh by the way I like your cell phone bikini and underwear photos! :)
Hunger Games or Harry Potter......Which one do you like better?
Wow; I hope everyone's OK! We had a similar scary day back in 06; hugs!
Lmfao Ppl Crazy!!
Watchin keep n' it mahoney skateboarding! Good job
This Fathers's Day. Reserve a table at La Cofradia $50 MENU 3 COURSES +1 GLASS OF WINE 305.914.1300 or
Follow me back, Jean the Beautiful. I'm quite insane...
you kno it
Going to get Korean bbq! :) yay
we in here turn up.....one time for in merienda!!!
My mom got some nasty cough drops -_-
hahahaha, Who is that, You know who it is haha
I think Im a very nice and patient person but my patience is being tested at the moment.
Good night
I absolutely love watching you wake up from your sleep. The faces you make are priceless.
thanks for following back :)
good looking though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lmfao! So I've been told I look Indian, puerto rican, Greek, or Italian.. lolol yeah that makes sense <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
they hatin on us and you should know why
QUOTES: A good stance and posture reflect a proper state of mind. -Morihei Ueshiba
Sometimes i hate being the youngest.
MLA has purchased limited wifi access ONLY for persons with particular conference and MLA responsibilities.
Mittens has taken off the mittens tonight
haha i missed you too!! I'm pretty good. some things went kinda bad but today was a good day! wow and you just topped it off!:D
New York Mets 5/8 ' Full Logo Pendant – 10KT Gold Jewelry
Saw many naughty santas in upper haight tonight. had to warn child that smoking and drinking santas are imposters.
My goodness Geeta. When is gonna bring to to Green Bay? No BART, less people...and a Packer Nation that <U+2665>'s y'all !!
Unleash the #Manimal!
Thank you
“: Thanks & Fox for the honor of inviting my mother & I to the White House Correspondents' Dinner tonight!”
All the other girls stepped aside when they heard the #RealPrincess was coming. Prince Charming, I'm coming for you.
Head over to our FB or reverbnation.com/htrofficial to hear our new single The Fight is On!
#3WordsForYou i like you.
Destined For Meaning - Envisaged With Certainty - Gave Selflessly To Countless - Loved By BELIEVERS - Happy Birthday -S
Nice! RT : Congratulations to Varsity Baseball for defeating No. 1 Oak Ridge 1-0 with a walk-off home run by Andre Gregory!
I suspect some of them would rather be homeless. That sort of throws a monkey wrench into the solution business.
In the words of Jack Buck, Go Crazy Folks, Go Crazy. Incredible night for the #MLB. Congrats #TBRays and #Cards. Sept. can kill teams.
#letsrun RT : So it'll be No. 12 #UNLV vs. No. 22 #SDSU to open up MWC play on Saturday. Can't ask for much better than that.
RT : If you think the world is worth saving, tell your kids you Love them.
CAA men's hoops tourney...excited!!
Love Love Love Love Love, I want to fall in love so badly!!!
what did u do over da weekend?
is your middle name meeler?
The 1080p video on the iPhone 4s is pretty impressive.
Atlanta is trying to confuse me. Why use green bins for garbage and blue for recycling?
Holy schnikes. I posted the Instagram photo of Rose to the APA! Pinterest page last week and it got 147 repins!
Twitter famous or YouTube famous?
i loved how she changed the lyrics to honor michael jackson, that was really sweet
Just saw #TheVoice finale. Go #TeamBlake and Jermaine Paul. So excited!!
totally feels like it should be.
Haha I feel you.. .I'm prolly gonna be like that for the whole week!!
weathervanes and lobstah pots at every house here in Maine
Anyone else notice the typo on #sweetgenius? Skies the limit... Sky's the Limit, no?
Take pity on us old gullible types. It's who always falls for that stuff...
who u calling stupitt u ass muncher
Y'all, the NSAI #TinPanSouth t-shirts are pretty dern sweet! -LA
Sun is shining -- All the Time
wasn't that Poe who rose after combine? I dunno, I'd rather they trade up for Kuechly (sp). Stud leader of DEF for 10 years
yeah I couldn't think of no one else. *fires up Hunger for more*
-- Yeah, something like that. HA!
glad to hear that. roastin in kitchen but thats where puters at. lol
Writing trivia is not for the weak. I had to consume several drinks just to make it through last night.
Having a good show? Stop by and cool off afterwards.
Enormously successful tour - super job #showchoir and #jazz #band kiddos! Now, as we say in the song.... "I'm BEAT!"
Very soft!
Getting tired of Twitter, I always forget to tweet.
Most rare offenders treat it like an <U+0093>honest mistake<U+0094>
fear no bitch, trust no player
when r u comin to Colts camp, Commish?
I Don't Really Care when you look at me, and then ignore me as you always do
love your avi
next year someone needs to go to what do you think??
i honestly dont fucking understand how i'm still functioning since ive been up since 2:30am
just got done with my first and second period exam :./
I sometimes try to visualize the better things in life, but sometimes there's just some people who are in my way, fucking me over.
Thanks Dave!
thus saying you completely forgot about me
sorry, didn't get here until after he started. Am in autograph line now. Did you get a good spot?
Cranberry relish and sweet potatoes. Favorite Thanksgiving sides, anyone?
MW3 One Clip Edit 4 Thug Life OCE - ten point crossbows
i think is time for a new movement....
Amen to what?
thank you Jason :) this is why Jason is my favorite!
Ok so NYPD was on their job. Shout out to them for the arrest of that ass hole that murdered that young lady in bk, and wounding Calvin...
That's not entirely true.....
Just because I have a smile on my face doesn't mean life is easy. I have a smile on my face because I know Jesus Christ watches over me!
I am up on my grind king of the street
I feel you.
Happy Thanksgiving! Open extra hours this week. Tuesday 1-5, Wed. 11am -6pm Don't forget the chocolates!!!!
Thanks for destroying my neighborhood fuckers. You're not the 99%. You're worthless. Find a train to step in front of.
i feel like bill self's smirk embodies all of my feelings right now...
Had to read that twice, I thought for a second Will Ferrell was your coanchor. Ron Burgundy much?
Legit going insane
SFE wins by 37 SFE IS IN DA BUILDING... YOU ALREADY KNOW.....
shall we say noon at virgils cafe?
discourteous neighbors? :(
love that place !
The Exploratorium - FREE First Wednesdays – 10am to 5pm - 3601 Lyon Street, San Francisco
My eyes, my eyes.
Marcus Boon (York) asks: "what does it mean to be alone with a sound" (citing Kristeva)
Every dude in Milwaukee rap or trap every female wanna sing or model.. lol just an observation can't knock nobody's dreams. Do it big den!
RT : If SOPA & PIPA still don't make sense to you or someone you know, this infographic can help with clear explanations:...
Just left office 10 minutes ago...don't give me sh** when I look like sh** tomorrow:)
so does everyone else hahaha
Without knowing exactly what you want you won't be able to erect the boundaries to safeguard from getting consumed by your business.
Feeling better i felted bad i was sick but then i took medicine and took a nap now im a bit better xD
you love you some khleo I see lol
i left a couple months ago to get my personal life together...trust me i DID NOT want to leave
Quote of the day: "Let us dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else can." - Shirley Briggs
Thanks for helping spread the word! :)
that just doesnt make sense
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
Im in New York politicing about
EVERYONE!!!!! Follow She's #TeamFollowBack 100%
i just have a thing against liver
Oh ..it needs a hashtag too...
Happy Halloween! Tons of great events going on tonight and if your out make sure you have a safe ride home... Call VIP TAXI 520-798-1111
have to go to NH to get car title. Which camp you gonna be at & when? Email me
Good Seein Ya
Well, I suppose it isn't entirely a facebook exclusive... I mean, If you know where to look you can find it. Facebook just makes it easier.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!! Just wish I was dressing up lol
time to get out of the house and enjoy the T.C. sunshine!
go to Boston for a baseball game wearing Yankees gear one time. You'll see what I'm talking about.
yeah, sometimes im so unique that i cant get anyone to talk to me
top of the morning to ya!
Tired and sore. I hope today is quick and painless.
Im stuffed!! Haven't ate Moroccan food this good in a minute.. (:
I didn't really like Jalen Rose all that much... until he punk'd Skip Bayless. I would even like Fidel Castro if he did... JK
They will be at will call. Enjoy the show and snap as many photos and tweets as you want during. Thanks!
“: Jim Carrey Is already mad.” GREATNESS
I like when Justin says "yeah girl" in Boyfriend! It reminds me of Usher with his "yeah man" (':
Yes. Willie Lyles=Casey Anthony
Most of us have a bunch of lead in events that week, holiday demands. #Pcbw gives us a separate opp to build new biz.
HA! He's a cool Panda, prolly just wants to hit singe loud wit ya!
Oh. Thought maybe you worked at a shooting range.
ok R.I.P. TRAYVON
All we Need is Love ! John Lennon<3
Just got back from the script concert. it was amazing (:
Shit. I'm checking my lunar calendar right now to find out about the next full moon.
Twitter is only as valuable as the people you connect with.
Great idea. Get that hungry rush hour traffic ya'll!
just watchin airwolf w the cat
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 6
13 million kids get bullied every year. It's time to take a stand. RT to stop bullying.
RT : Gut check #ripcity back to the crib to protect the house!
What to do...a falling satellite above our home and a ravenous opussum beneath. I think the Mayans were a year off.
AUSTIN, WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
I grew up on big southern wrap-around porches... But I'd settle for a stoop. :)
tell your team to get it togetha
Hoes are hoes and sluts are sluts they all in the same category.
Ready to roll up our sleeves at today's Public Workshop in Pittsburgh. Looking forward to meeting the next round of #LUMAtics!
thanks so much!
RT : Now speaking Nat Wood, Assistant Director for Consumer and Business Education, Bureau of Consumer Protection, FTC
Police: Homeless man shot 2 at Maryland church
Liars tend to pause before speaking and often longer while repeating phrases or speaking quicker.
Fantastic choice as well!
then when is your EP coming out! #JeffreeStar btw, I just DIED because you responded!
I HATE LIARS
The Penderwicks at Point Mouette by Jeanne Birdsall and Should I Share My Ice Cream? Great day of reading!
We're opening a little early tomorrow in celebration of St. Patrick's day. Come see us at 3.
Responded to VACATE @ 132-25 Ruby St, Queens, NY 11414 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
NYC Mountbattens are volunteering at the Wallace Award Dinner tonight in support of the American Scottish Foundation.
ANOTHER KILLER WEEK! Vote #JamarRogers NOW! 1-855-VOICE-04 or Sprint users text 4 to 97979! Yeah buddy!
Cops are down the street.. YAY! Ughh my neighborhood is supposed to be safe and now were having attempted abductions and crimes..
That moment when you have done something amazing but can't tell anyone :/
you and Jessica Simpson are soo alike:)xoxo miss mimi pink
Who remembers Toonami?
it's that time
that ref is cheating smh
Week has been turning out GREAT.
yep Orangewood exit, Hotel was in Placentia by the In N Out near Nutwood
Enjoying being a tourist in LDN! Back to Cardiff tomorrow :( Cannot wait to move here!
since won't watch with you, I'll watch it again. Even if it's not the same.
I was up way to late this morning, Until the point it was more properly called afternoon and then slept through my alarm. Off to work now.
open today 12-4pm new shipment mkors,guess,fozzil,watch batteries from $1.99 ! jewelry repairs,crystals ,watch bands
"My sweetest memory - Your voice, My biggest sadness - The distance, My biggest hope - I will see you soon".
Preach!!": Don't bite the hand that feeds you today - it might just belong to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow !!!!"
You're welcome. :-)
So which one of you pseudo Mensa teabaggers wants to tell Sherman Alexie you're here to take your country back?
It will if you follow me ...Please =)
Thanks for following back! You ok? X
is there aqua velva involved as well?
Awesome!!! Wardrobe redux!
Done and done. Welcome friend - we have much in common. I look forward to many CLE & OSU-related tweets.
Congratulations to on your 100th year!
Thank u for saying that, it easier to be negative than postive for a lot people.
look at my next tweet u fool
Woohoo! What class are you?
RT : I can't wait to rave on Friday ??
#Spurs win!...suck it Trebeck!
Doughnuts with dad at school today. How's that for promoting healthy eating habits? At least it's followed by running club...I think.
RT I never look at the glass as half empty or half full. I look to see who is pouring the water and deal with them -
I HAVE GOT SOME ASSES TO KICK. They need to get fucking sued or something!
I got it at Walgreens for $4! It came with 50 greeting cards and dividers. The box is super cute too!
u can feel the difference. I love that band. Don't kno about the pill....
I have major ADHD when it comes to this tax filing deadline... yeeesh. I have a bad habit of ignoring things I don't want to deal with
Looking forward to seeing you! RT : Excited for Advisory Board Preview Party at 1871 tomorrow night. Who's going?
tried pole dancing with the girls last night...nothing made me feel whiter than a room of black girls with rhythm.
I think you're mistaken because if everyone knew this then cancer rates and obesity wouldnt be on the rise every year
I am so fucking horny today. I'm going to have to skip out of work and go cruise for cock.
#Faffcon 2 is under way! A mighty wind is blowing in Atlanta. You have to here to understand.
I hope we go out to eat today
margaret cho on dancing with the stars: YOU ROCK!
I was told wrong is it 1p.m. -2 p.m. for family 2p.m. - 9p.m. for everyone else on Sunday then Monday 2:00 p.m. is the funeral.
The NHL is facing a "mom" problem. I hear more and more how moms don't want their kids concussed by the headshots like these
ahh my fellow morning show-er! How goes it?
Wow...ppl spend 3K on coachella if they get a hotel :/ that's crazy...
welcome to twitter! thanks again for posting your public art collection with us!
Shit homie im all tatted up!whenever i have a boy i'm goin 2 name him Rascal, no lie, then i'll get it tatted on my arm
They should have executed that nigga...
i am not sure we can call this a "debate"... But it's definitely good Reality TV: who will be voted off?
#Artist get the social media pack, the 1st 6 to reserve the spot get one week of social media campaigning for $30
I already following you
You need some napalm and a firehose, dude...best of luck.
“: Omg an Old Navy commercial with Blossom and Joey?? "Whoa!" Love.” Love it too!
The end.
"intrusively intimate commingling among attracteds" was pretty good too, lol
Madrid + Barcelona. Are you bringing the kids? Would be cool if we overlapped, that'd be fun to meet up there!
Sorry for the late reply. I was just thinking about how I used to go to eleventy billion sites to find listings.
Just landing in Miami for Gilbert's memorial.
Excellent bean selection? Freshness? Fair trade? All of the above?
No work until next Monday! It's going to be a chill week.
Star Wars Day? I'm going with "Intergalactic" Day.
Hoped you packed your rainwear see you in Austin.
From NY But Will Never Be A Knicks Fan. Bulls All Day.
Oh snap! drama!
#NorthCarolina has been showing a lot of love lately and do trust that we have a lot of love for our home state. We appreciate the support!
What B is preggers!!!
He who has mastery over himself, is the master of his own destiny -- Spiritual Truths ()
my daddy is making me crepes at 4 in the afternoon. omg yes.
I ate there before!
I hate projects.
I can't say enough things about how fun and clever and excellent it is. SEE IT NOW.
I really hate to know how you know that Will
's using her smartphone 2 look up episode summaries of Little House on the Prairie & read them out loud 2 me.
An Always Sunny in Philadelphia marathon on CC is a chill way to wrap the day
Is anyone listening?
“: Awesome. Fridge is broke.” the new place??
About to begin boarding to return to the wonderful Has only taken 24 hours to get back to her and my son.
#shoutout. To our new follower marilee sonneman from you rock too!!
my pleasure! :)
RT : '06 Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon #Cabernet--interesting, dark fruits, spicy--love the label...
Rain = Perfect weather for a $5 Gyro and a hot bowl of Avgolemono (chicken/lemon) soup
Remember what you said to me earlier? Go get your own help!!!
The VW ad hit a double home run in my opinion. Loved the dog workout and the darth flashback.
If your license plate says "hizgurl" then you should probably just go die
we will! we don´t have the same model in different sizes tho, but as soon as this ones go, we will get more.
MT : 'Photo and video' is the fastest growing #mobile app category ://t.co/L3LztAQG
How long do you wait? #Kings have been dominant, so you imagine you have to get under a minute.
We're teaming up with Animal Humane New Mexico for our 2nd annual pet adoption drive and fund raiser. Saturday, May 5th from 10am-2pm.
My mom is watching Friends with Benefits...that is not okay.
I miss seeing. on TV..maybe I should play Hookie one day:D JK then I can't go to Prom(:
There's just something about you that makes everything okay.
J &B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi.... New Laser Light show....
is playing at #Lure in LA on May 10th
okay babe c:
so tired
Just ordered a filet of what looked like fish (in the pic) at Kentucky Fried CHICKEN but lo and behold it was.. Chicken!
hey hey! Thanks for the reaction to our music! Cheers from
everyday, every single day, is a balancing act. today, I am balancing between my heart and my mind. what are you balancing today?
Get STOKED on BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, von Wolfe, Frameworks, Stay Killer Design and Clothing. They shred the gnar!
they were definitely delicious didn't disappoint.
How's Florida? Mild winter here so far, but it's no FL! Hope you and hubby are well.
": Osama Bin Laden is Dead... if that bothers you... Good.. Fuck You..." Add Ghadafi and whoever else stands in the way!
Don’t settle for ANYBODY, just so you can have SOMEBODY..
damn now the whole world knows that I can't read a sign......wish I was there to celebrate with you guys lol
now THAT is a gorgeous dress!
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
One can never have too many open protocols in their life. Admit it, you wouldn't be able to resist one on open government either!
that sneezing skit was dumb funny on #SNL lmao
I hate chores!
that's the quandary I can't make sense of. Thankfully the clerk was rehired at the end of the study -otherwise, who knows
The san Antonio b-cycle system has let us down again. We are stranded at la villita.
Really? I don't believe you.
when it all gets too real i hang on twitter. reality easier to take in 140 char chunks.
Pregnant is da new fashion. Thx god I dont follow fashion trends..
Dont worry ivette. God's gonna put an angel on her.<3
Achievement motivation is the most researched area in Psych. Loehr
Hm yes, thanks Phil!
lmao she said call her
opened a Time Capsule full of leaky New Coke cans and mold. Had to do that one in the shower room in case the cans exploded.
follow me back :)
since there's nothing to fucking eat i'm just gonna make iced coffee and smoke a few cigarettes. taking after my girl lohan
"Prayer means Tebowing, it's gracious."~ Frank B.
Work in progress...coming soon. Need a house? :)
ooh! I may have to go charge the ip (I hate playing on the phone.)
Because it has proven successful w/o Elway and Terrell Davis when? I'd rather Shenanigan's system. RT I trust Shanahan's system
are you here? If so, I'll say hi!
Big event today. Twitter on hold for the weekend.
Go preds!!! Lets win this one too!!
AUSTIN! My mother said that if you follow me she will buy me ALL your merch!!! lol
School Was Okayy Today (: But It Would Be GREAT If I Stayed After School with my friend (:
yes, please.
Being sick really sucks. Enough already!
hey im usein my phone dork so i cant see what it's doin :p
My best friend just said goodbye to me during a text and I don't know what I did. IM KINDDA FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love is Evol, Christopher Titus is a genius! Remember his Fox show? His dad in the stand up is perfectly portrayed by Stacy Keach!
I'm at cliff makin these fries
At what age is it appropriate to tell my friends they're imaginary ?
lol so true!
"Why do you call it the Tear Drop™???" "Because I'll be dropping bombs till you cry"
did what in high school? What? Lol whatever.. hm well lets dig into what did in high school.
Okay, well, is intoxicated right now, but it's his birthday! He'll do as he pleases! Tweet him :D
Hope your New Year celebration is brilliant & the next year is a great one!
If I'm writing, I can't listen to music with words and achieve flow. If I'm designing, I can.
that's always good.
OMG ezio looks too old to be so fluid in his movements in the new assassins creed game.
This is incorrect. It should also include research on the douchiness of Bruins fans.
Cover song of Little Red Corvette finished and coming soon
when websites you didnt type in pop up
is just working here until a good fast food job opens up
Heh, okay! As long as you're not going, "OMG, I absolutely regret this cut!"
Bout to hit that loud
To all them haters Im Bisexual a real one not the ones that just say that to become popular...Go Bi people hoping to go to pride fest!!!!!
What animal is Pete? He's the only one on Mickey Mouse clubhouse I can't figure out.
The world is changing very quickly. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the quick beating the slow.
I am gonna fist pump till my arm falls off!
Up Early Getting My #NBA Fix- Then Gotta Catch- Kyrie Rookie Of Year Press Conference At 10. & D-Rose Surgery Update Press Conference At 3.
WOW! Dave FREAKIN' Herman! Crazy fight, I thought both guys were out.
RT : I love tattooed faces and I love witch house.
Good Night Everyone !!
#Teacher Appreciation Week here at The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism. Be sure to say 'Thank You' to those that do so much for our students.
It's about wages. Folks who own businesses have to make a decision to pay fairly, and give time for people to improve their skills.
Not gonna lie.
It is going to be a lovely day .
Plus musician Peter Gabriel pulled his songs from lumbaughs show in reaction to his hate speech towards Keep tearing him down
My body hurts ):
Exclusive! Get $4 off your haircut at Official Fades Barbershop on Fulton & El Camino. Get the free Qponomics app 4 more details.
just got 2 the game! come out and support!
"Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself." I need to remember this more!
stop telling twitter my bussinesss -______-
I don't miss Cincinnati forreal
Loved it 2, couldn't put it dwn RT : RT : Been reading 's book "The Miracle of St. Anthony". I love it
"It's good to be outspoken and blunt, but there's a very fine line between being rude and being honest. Never confuse the two."
Love really random auditions... They're definitely my favorite. ;)
The Boiler room tonight. Fat Tuesday..... Lets go.
Jernigan has more career highlights than Brockers
We'll be out at Bavarian Soccer Park tonight for 1st round match. $4 admission, 7pm kickoff.
Tonight is rocking WHO WILL B THERE?
Winner of #sharp11 graduate student article award sounds super cool. On digital dead sea scrolls and reading before & after book.
Sugar is toxic? Yeah, right. Next thing you know, somebody will say smoking is bad for you too.
fasho & ya imma send you some shit bro i got you
Real talk because some only know how 2 chatter not gather!
yeah. You should do that.
www.getmejaded.com is cool
this color on austin >>>>
Rupp comes in to score the eighth and final run to give North Texas an 8-0 win in five innings over FIU.
thank for the #FF mention. Hope all is well.
Q1: I don't battle my sweet tooth, I embrace it.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students :).
I started out thinking "early adopter," but I ran out of characters. Besides, I hate euphemisms! 8-)
man if those dropped, They would be a requirement for sure.
Conversations with my best friends: 10% secrets, 15% relevant to our enviornment, 75% talking shit about everyone else.
Fucking old ass bitch
Not to some people RT Just got bumped from a Fox hit by Mitt Romney. I guess he's, like, more important than me or something
This fool just spelled "Ridiculous" REDICALOUS...smh someone needs to invest in a dictionary
In Deploying Virtual Port Channel in NX-OS. Should be good, patiently waiting for CAE!
Go digital on those flashcards and Spanish won't have anything on you, Tamara!
“: Exclusive: Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Jr. are expanding their family! Congrats on baby #2" trivia
"Once you care, You've already Lost" Best thing has ever said.lol
Let's go
Design should never say, “Look at me.” It should always say, “Look at this.” — David Craib
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are" #quote e.e. cummings
Ready for the CATS and DOGS !!! Go Big Blue !!!!!
great questions in today's session. :)
I'll be there!
I never ask my parents before going online. B A D A S S
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
As such they "engage in an ongoing revision of the American way"—translating conflict into terms that make sense to a heterogenous audience.
do you know any specifically higher ed hashtags? Seem like so many more for k12 teachers
get back at me , miss ya brotha
forever awake...
Body isn't cooperating w/my grown woman plans. #bedtime-tomorrow walk for my Godson #TeamGrayson w/
RT "All of the above" energy policy is good for America and her future generations.
So worried about McGehee's confidence, yet he pinch hits Morgan for Gomez as soon as a righty comes in.
and there goes my night
For some reason I actually like airports once u get past all the security and shit u actually get to go somewhere
At lexis...haven't hungout in a month
RT : TODAY at 5 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will be a guest on to offer his take on a wild week
About 60 ppl here. Good mix of old and young. Probably streaming online somewhere.
Whats the best live music venue in your area? Let us know here! Maybe when we go on tour next year we will stop by... ;)
Ur sister is so fun to talk to she's so positive. .....positive
RT : Just got done talking with Mark from Wines That Rock, seriously think they need to do a Clash wine.
From our #Movies4Grownups awards to the #Oscars. We're still smiling about Christopher Plummer. :)
we know what that mean
RT Smug about OverDrive? A whopping 39 percent of U.S. public libraries don’t offer downloadable e-books. bit.ly/wb0Qx2
~ Watching #TheVoice from Bristol, Tennessee!! LOVE IT!
its funny when people want to belong so badd
then yes, I've heard of them :)))
He called the police when he saw a man pull out a Taser near a Blake's LotaBurger employee in Española. But that was only a Taser salesman!
A chiropractor changed my life. For real.
In the Studio hard at work LOL
I feel safe when is at a party with me
I am serious. Maybe my company could help with things as well. That is something that thousands of people look forward to.
I don't like ice cream cakes. It's like a TV/VCR. Better to separate the components: more choice, better quality.
Everyday has taken over my tl.. #Dreamchasers you have some great supporter
Hope the planning is going well.
we love bowling!
Excited for that documentary next monday. :)
How did it take me so long?!
Happy Friday!!! Hope everyone has a GREAT day!
fun! thanks for sharing :)
that was GOOD
Weekend festivities? =)
Hurrah! I loved Amplified & my recommendation of it will reappear when I blog music-themed BooksYALove in June!
will do!
I think someone just won the golden tontine.
Reading a student paper about the concept of time in cooking shows.
I think I'll start picking out paint colors this morning. Happy Friday!
Physical therapists see people making ugly faces and hear weird noises all the time so they dislike everyone who add thoughts.
trash it.
Packers say they don't draft for immediate need but ... Worthy/Daniels draft picks critical now.
The sky is blue and all the leaves are green! The sun is warm as a baked potat-uh! I think I know precisely what I mean.
I had just drifted in to a pleasant slumber. Then the hammering, chainsawing, and redneck cursing began outside my window.
Meanwhile, Nirvana is covered on 'The Voice' and so my early teenage years are stabbed in the heart
RT : The Green Bay Packers never lost a football game. They just ran out of time. -Vince Lombardi
watching toy story 3 :)
Wish I were hitting up Coachella with my favorite LA peeps. Hating Florida more by the minute...
That's odd. Do they have accounts on the site?
RT : I hope someone writes about Lana Del Ray, Alabama Shakes or The Roots today...god, I hope it happens
Someone remind me to go on the diet and exercise regimen.
Behind on my gratitude - some fabulous people out there - you shall not go unnamed! oxo
Maybe. The European countries don't surprise me. It's the ones like Kenya, Singapore, and Kazakhstan.
Going to the pool!!!!
Thinking of you as speaks at ;) wish you were here!
Art show coming soon...anybody want to paint a deck or skis??? We have plenty at the warehouse....
.: "a new tide is coming into the harbor of health research right now, asking new Q about equity & equitable behavior..."
Suddenly every independent coffee shop is serving pour over coffee. O Cafe on 12th and 6th is a new favorite.
Great day of worship Sunday w/ leading worship. The brass had a blast playing!
Those four horsemen shots did a nigga dirty last night. God damn. I've never been that drunk.
our cubs need to do a lot more of that.
oops i favorite my other account over this one
Viso is like crack....Like healthy crack, the kind that won't make you a Chicken Head, but still makes you feel FANTASTIC! And addicted.
I thought I trademarked "Happy Eastover!" ... Oh well. A Happy Eastover to you :)
Q4Onboarding included daily e-learning course with daily virtual classroom for review and a workbook exercises w/ mentor direction.
Acura was good. Doritos dog from first quarter was solid. Betty White was funny. You?
Having the best time.... Even typing on my phone is fabulous
I won't be doing Follow Fridays anymore—too much bitching & people with no sense of humor. Don't like my tweets? Don't follow.
yeah...my dumbass
Rumor has it you're tapping Queen of Tarts tomorrow afternoon.
well dang im in dallas tx
stg me too!
Seeing and being attacked by mah girl tonight >>>
We've all texted while taking a shower it's the
"Do not be too timid or squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Listen dude, you batter vote for Justin before i kick your ass hard .
I'm not even sleepy .
The best art, music, stories, ...etc are inspired by our darkest hour. Our greatest contributions come from those who went through Hell.
RT GO AMY!
I can't come to the new york show cause I'm away on vacation this week :( hopefully you'll come back soon :/
the water I can't complain about.
Holy Violet Smoke! Just got home from #Prince concert- unbelievable. And Chaka Khan!
but if I cut myself up into milestones and coordinated projects, I could do it!
RT "What's trending today? How about, "WE LOVE THE LOBOS!" #baillios<3lobos"
the name Zayn means beautiful great how that worked out huh.
I don't know yet
I mean I have to read everything eventually, but Baudrillard does nothing for me.
Thanks for TUNE!
lol awkward turtle kid.
oh, I thought you meant haha got 1D on the brain :)
Swagga so bright i dont even need light, im with a model broad she don' even eat rice!
I hesitate to define myself as a blogger, because at the rate I post, that would mean I wouldn't exist for long stretches of time.
is killin' it. Awesome Glen! It's been inspiring to watch your training. Keep it up.
maybe... the run is the only outlet for such bottled up madness.
the gym really is more fun with celeb sightings. (hello & Aaron Sorkin!)
There is so much double-talk on the #RHOA! I can't believe this! Rewind from Sunday.
#FF for a knowledgeable source of alternative financing for businesses.
Bought a Kindle today. It's obviously a brave new world in which I live. Figured that I might as well start tweeting as well.
"Start washin' all our worries down the drain, rain is a good thing"
Come get a patty melt on marble rye with swiss cheese, 1000 island, fries and a drink! $9
Thank you for coming to visit! Warren is so precious and I can't wait for her and Reese to have a play date!!!
Hey, I just added e-mail subscriptions to my blog. JUST FOR YOU!
The average person has 100,000 hairs on his/her head. Each hair grows about 5 inches (12.7 cm) every year.
Big week for Gymnastics and Baseball. Both are peaking at diffterent times. RSTR
no doubt
didn't know, wasn't gonna ask for all the net to see. have friends who live and asked me to come visit. Thought about moving!
uh oh, coffee at 6pm. can't. resist. must. keep. working. :D we!
Same here. Vix, who got married Sunday, was also complaining on Twitter about much the same. Both of you--feel better soon. xoxo
if would DM me back just ONE more time, I would never ask for anything again..
Or, alternately, the head coach of the Montreal Canadiens.
our agency seats are being used and DVRs are set!
No matter what happens with forte, #dabears are gonna be badass this year!!!!
Disregard women acquire aesthetics...
There is still time!Sandwich Emporium is collecting toys for the St Marks school until Monday.Drop off a new unwrapped gift.Thank you!
I met a girl yesterday that reminds me of kortney. She's from texas.
aww no love :/
D aka E, thank you so much for mentioning me. I GREATLY appreciate it. Bless your kind heart.
imagine : Austin- YO MAHOMIES I'M FLYING TO (yourstate) MAHOMIES- Why? Austin- because my mom always told me to follow my dreams (urname)
Mendenhall has been somewhat consistant but he lacks toughness in crucial moments #Zookeffect ,he can be much better then advertised.
I just met Santa!!!! This experience has changed my life.
awww so adorable!! im doin the same with my daddy :)
CBEADLES FACT: Christian wants a girlfriend that lives him for him& not to use him I get close to justin bieber.
Watchin my all time favorite movie Titanic with my favorite aunt in the WORLD!!!!
Exercise more? Save money for that trip to the Bahamas? Read a book a month? What's your New Year's Resolution? @ us for $5 free driving!
Server: "The beers isn't business?" No, but it damn well should be.
#changelovetolubesongs "Lube will tear us apart" -joy division
All of the pieces will fall into place today. I just know it.
Hello new TWEETHEARTS! THANK YOU for following me!
Vegetarian Barbeque Today @ The 1011, and of course Special Live performances. Herbivores, Omnivores, and Carnivores Welcome 5PM!!! See you!
Is it cheesecake?!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. Mahatma Ghandi
- I Can't Believe I Let MY Car Get That Nasty! ian NEVER Let My Car
Dear Twitter, I missed you. Kind of.
You don't have time for anything else when you're busy all the time...
yeah, won't let me go over 2,001. Lol .
second you on that! Nora really is a sweetheart, it's wonderful to work with her. The Molly Holly article + pics were great!
That's o.k. They can always raid the funds for womens' healthcare, and school lunches for poor kids. :(
#MidnighttInParis fun and inspiring just like Kanye and Jay-Z
Study all day and night.
Great seeing you guys again at #pj20 You are amazing artists and continue to inspire and impress. See you soon!
did you get your phone yet?
Good Morning, Chicago! Your Mayor is back in the saddle after a little hiatus. It ain't easy being an long-dead ex-mayor!
find a bootleg copy on the street!!! It's the same experience with people walking across the screen!!!!
We are so locking up that fulmer cup. Not the kind of trophy we are looking for here.
Good Seattle post-punky type band RT : For sheer technical wondrousness alone this Dog Shredder EP is marvellous. But it's FUN too.
Working on updating the website and newsletter for the website. Should have it up this week. www.distinct-impressions.net
just stumbled across the NY premier of My Sister's Keeper. Fancy! ;)
just one of those days. having a good one don't get me wrong but got allot of decisions to make and may make some bad ones. i got to do what
Just let her do it. RT : I will take off of my "studs" list if they don't let me rap on stage with them. Please RT
u too.
ZOMG!!! Please. Their fried pickles are tvebest ones north of the Mason Dixon. Pick a night and we're in.
Last game tm to finish off the league schedule #undefeated #ZIPEMUP though
We got our copy of "Allergic Like Me" By Michelle Meyer-Devlin this weekend. We love it! We're buying it for all of DD's friends.
Now that's something you would never see in t-ball.
The best dinners are when I have to put my hair up & take my bracelets off.
sour punch straws & Starbucks <U+270C>
So great having you in our chat room today! :)
opening for super fun. Now hiding from instrumental saxophone hell. You can find me under the bar
stop retweeting things ;p
Still not used to hearing speak Spanish
AAHHHHH Now i need to come back for chapter on the sex wars :)
Thanks for the shout - happy to help keep you looking fresh :)
we're getting your new desk space set up for you! Rearranged everything today. :-)
REAL tea is so tas-tea . . . lol get it ?
mine is on the 10th
Thanks for the follow....following you too!
if your on time your late if your 5 minutes early your on time.
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Simon Cowell and Fox television are gambling on pop icon Britney Spears and teen singer Demi Lovato to
Just got a press release touting "the nation's only marijuana-themed restaurant." Clearly this PR firm has never been to Eugene.
Steelhorse has a new guitar player coming on board. Ahh, dual lead parts!
Thanks for the follow, I like
Stay inspired - We came As Romans RT : i need new music suggestions o.o
Ah today I have singing class <3 sight reading and choir and much fun ;3 lego
you bums, I just woke up for my 8:55 class. Slept thru 2 alarms. So worth it.
Nyc is so much better than LA.. Is not even a comparsion.
IT'S STARTING! #TDKR :D
Nothing can spur action and growth greater than the right amount of fear or discomfort.
Thanks for the kind words!
they have a song together? I don't see the problem anymore.
I hear Brian is a big leatherclad gay guy in his dreams
Star wars and lord of the rings marathons on TV. Can't stop filpping!
so tired of classification :-/
All WI do is Drink tee available in Pattys Day colors (green shirt white letters) email $15 plus s and h
you don't have a thousand dollars
just the one for now.
How would I have ever had a wedding before Google docs? Collaborative editing is the only way to go.
How are classes going everyone?!
did you try party galaxy?
Okay, that's it for questions. Time to self-promote and network! Share your links!
Aus golfer Cullen takes on Poulter and Casey in China Australian golfer Nick Cullen will try to become only the second player to claim ba
Bard is crazy wild right now
and rich boy stay runnin laps
I love the transition to the 60s now...
Good to hear! Please let us know if there is anything we can help with.
Ice water has in its veins.
Conservatives say "think of the children"; mean "I am everyone's parent". Fuck your approval, keep your faux-pious bleating to yourself.
realest fake boy
excited for the sox game tonight - right behind home plate!
they have everything else. Why not organs?
sorry about that! joe@ is my direct, though I'm notoriously bad at email. At least with joe.heitzeberg it all gets tracked :)
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live. - Mortimer Adler
successful day getting to see and !! i love you both! hang in there <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
"The best leaders are not always the most visible ones" Michael Balaoing's intro to Ai-jen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee
is confused...how are the Packers the home team in the SuperBowl? The Steelers are the higher seed?
You are too kind! So glad you joined us - hope you enjoyed it.
Meeting starts soon! We're on the second floor today so follow the signs...
Huntington Beach city council debating proposed mobile phone tower next to Bolsa Chica wetlands
RT : Females are like news reporters I swear, know something and be the first to spread it.
#oomf is such a great person and doesn't even realize it smh
Haha can't believe omegle is where I met my new bff
thats #ruthless bro. and
Gosh I miss seeing Austin Ustream.Finally back from vacay hopefully I get to see him Ustream some more<3
"Had not everyone in Saumur been politely ripped by his steel claws?" - Honore de Balzac, "Eugenie Grandet"
Players too
She is!
No worries. Let me know when you have something..
and that's why I like you. ;) right?? I'm freaking starving!
May be true, but I believe sizable % of that 40% r too ignorant 2 know real consequences of implementing RW policies.
Hold up wait a minute
forgot to delete a location based reminder and it reminded me next time I came home. Which was good..I still hadn't done it!
I think I hate the Lakers more than I hate toure. Nah, I don't.
I hate big bugs
Thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
#ThatOnePersonWho believes you can do whatever you set your mind to.
I gotta say, Punk'd is not nearly as lethal now as it was with Ashton Kutcher. Need another guy like him to do it.
You're in my thoughts! I am sorry for your loss.
Geez, don't drunk dial me - use facebook for stupid drunken posts. You can delete those in the morning...
your farts smell so bad! Ewwww.
If he is smart he is thinking of you !!
Hahaha seriously? Oh lordy I'm so excited!!
red and blue at the same time, your welcome.
did u play today?
Never realized how much "Silence of the Lambs" could pass as a biopic of my last roommate. And I'm Jodie Foster. Minus the scissoring.
Can't wait for transformers 3 laser light show - dark side of the moon.
An old customer calls looking to start service back up. I'm Able and Ready to accomodate
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
RT Overwhelmed & humbled by response to Archiving the Arts priority deadline #ata12 thank you to contributors & supporters!
I'm obsessed with say yes to the dress/weddings... #whencanihaveone ?
well my sis house then practicing afteer i well make a vid for you guys-Tamya
ugh i liked my bleach hair so much better, all my boys left me when i went brunette -_-
Good luck with that, Ed. Besides, super-rich don't see themselves as selfish. Top 1% pays 40% of taxes. Top 10% pay 70% of taxes
QotD: "A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking." - Steven Wright
Using tech to help people leave their "disciplinary silos". YES!
Its like a church revival in this arena.
Thanks for finding me on Twitter and for the nice comment on FB
ok thats fine
Loving that I get to edit a Broncos highlight video today. Any suggestions on which plays to include??
House is finally quiet. Nice!
it better be
C.O.E. Continuing Education is here to answer all of your continuing education concerns. We provide quality education and innovative classes
2013 Shelby GT500 Mustang has 650 hp? Someone buy me this, much love. Please just all black interior, exterior, and rims, thanks.
I love the slippers and handbags thanks!!!
I can't understand where i went wrong I can't understand where her love has gone I don't know where I belong My world is over
Rahj is Singin this weekend 2 times! Come out and hear this marvelous voice of mine! ;-)
My brother -----> be keepin me on my toes in this crazy ass life.
When 'Directioners' fight on Twitter. <<<<<<<<
I can install it in your machine for 80.00 Full version. Leave me a message if interested
Man do I love COPS, these older episodes are hilarious!
I cried when i first heard #MoreThanThis by <3
Wow, apparently it's more or less impossible to change the font size on Python IDLE console on Max OS? That's ridiculous, cuz it's tiny.
Thank you for the mentions we are so grateful!
Call me Stanley Steamer , I be giving her the pipe !
Victor! My dear, sweet Victor!
HAHAHAHAHAHA YOU WISH!!! :D
Just saw 4 turkeys on the side of the road!! Don't know why but I think they're so cute
Canada Pension Posts 6.6% Return on Real Estate, Bonds
Crew Love <333
I miss San Francisco way too much, especially China town, I guess I'll settle for Panda Express.
Ap reporting lebron will be named mvp Sunday. His third mvp award in the last four seasons.
Wake me up if yu still gon be up son
God bless RT : Ready to get this day started thank u God morning to everyone things moving forward cant stop won't stop
If you combined Lil John and Lil Wayne, would you then have full sized John Wayne?
#CanYouLetMeKnow ahead of time whether or not if you are going to waste my time.
looking for examples of poster judging criteria. Would appreciate advice and links.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have an AWESOME DAY ^__^
thanks for sharing this resource
Fred you're all grown up now ; ]
C: The language that combines the power of assembly language with the flexibility of assembly language.
When your English teacher actually comes up to you to congratulate you on doing a good job on your paper.
what does mine say about me?
Here we go!
You should have taken this opportunity to redesign the look. This might as well be a throw back.
dude that hologram of Pac is the craziest shit I've ever seen. Seriously gave me cold chills watching it
Mariah Carey gives birth to twins??!!! Oh my freakin' lordy, who gives a fuck?
needs to manifest 2 tree houses, a trampoline, a pool, a garden, some goats and chickens, a lawn mower, and maybe some bikes. Amen.
#Bulls +3 1/2 cash big for me and my clients #NBA playoffs are now 18-4 get on the list afternoon #Soccer on Fri $$$
is it ever cool for anyone lol
but your not more popular than me..?
RIP Davy Jones. Glad I got to see the Monkees perform live last year. Such a great show too. Sad.
awesome! we'll tell you more soon :)
hear the squeak at 0:24? omg I need one now.
That sounds fun!! Hopefully some day we can make that a reality! Thanks!
I am sorry, I am not in a bar to be picked up...back off me!
Presenting today meetup: , , ,
Italian birthday dinner with sissy, crazy Jen and iPod. Yummy!
yeah baby!!! is such a boss
aww why thank you ben!!!
Mitt Romney's history of bullying gays would allow him to find common ground with the Iranians, leading to World Peace.
I love Joss Stone! She needs more recognition!
New packaging for my tropical fragrance soaps!
Follow your own star.
Thanks :) Hopefully the tram isn't too much of a wait. Did some walking last year along strip, thing I'll take the tram this yr
For the intended audience of the general public.
Nah I fly out tomorrow at 825
Would you put up with people you know now if you had only meet them today?
I've had so many gay friends and family around me for so long it doesn't even seem "normal" anymore. It's just everyday life.
Indie horror fans - what are your favorite/most trusted movie review sites in the genre?
Qualities of a moral order are measured by deeds
It started to piss me of . .Lol Im back tho #TwitterPromoteMe Im making the commitment today to stay on twitter now (:
I have never seen a kitchen so beautiful!! Campaign island is out of control amazing!
with wendy for the day <U+2665>
im still laughing from this, lmao
I hope your having a pleasant day.
I'd like to know where other tribal leaders stand.
lol i do that sometimes when i get new shirts!
bed time. so excited to go home tomorrow.
Mike Caputo was also very impressive on defense today. Caputo isn't afraid to lay the lumber at the line of scrimmage.
dreamt was an activist, but for really stupid reasons, and I said a lot of mean things and even now feel bad. SORRY, BRO.
Can't stand seeing dogs get hurt.
Wait, you're leaving? Sad news.
Enjoying delicious memories of tonight's dinner from El Chilango taco truck. $10. 5 soft tacos. 3 happy Vieras.
how long yall been together
Did u see it?
Most certainly, and although I cannot stand Chelsea for how they treated AVB, they deserved to hang on there.
Is the tool freely available to students? Does it allow for collaboration?
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please?
I haven't read those (or Tolkien) or seen any of the movies. Whatever you win, I want it, too. :)
Enjoyed meeting everyone at today - thoughtful, engaged faculty. And also meeting and chatting with !
What are you doing for Mardi Gras?
No problem relating, it's a video game, any time you play the character is an avatar of you, reguardless of gender
absolutely will
Hey Milwaukee friends! Anyone know of any neighborhood watch groups that do patrols?
is the daughter of the brightest star in the sky.. RIP Mom ~ I Love & Miss You more with each passing day~ You'll Forever be in My Heart ~
nigga you can't cook
Congratulations to Anna Arencebia for leasing studio apartment at 1420 York Avenue. Great Job!
uhmmmm I'm not in this game I don't think...but um doesn't she like poptarts and watermelon too :3
"For individuals, character is destiny. For organizations, culture is destiny."
dude thats not enough
!!!! Wish I could. Early flight. Give everyone my love! See you in April!
Not sure if it is official but I think the results in MA now make Maryland the craziest state in the union. We're number 1..we're number 1!
Happy Cinco de Mayo (:
TOMORROW night is #FREEFriday @ Mavericks at the Landing. If you want a VIP booth for you/9 friends, email !
A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one part of his body - the wishbone. ~ Oscar Wilde
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative employment for artists!
hells yeah I'd be terrified lol I have some fucked up dreams I have a severly warped brain lol
So loved San Francisco.....hope to go back some day!!
Alex Riley has a match on Superstars this week!? I'll definitely be watching that :)
Thursday is my favorite day so far this week! Friday better come prepared because Thursday will be tough to beat!
Merry Christmas y'all!
Negative way that would happen is if she stopped by my office. RT omg!! Go get something signed for me! I love
U DNT SAY HE IS STUPID CUZ U KNOW U LIKE HIM...i watch u sleep
I love spending hours on the phone with Such a good man. Can't believe he's mine. :) 3 days!!
Doing Homework & #NP { #UA }<U+2665> it always gets me in a Good Mood
Cheers and clapping from Parkrose teens. No, not at Disneyland yet. Rose above the clouds and saw the sun.
I don't understand the confirmation email that you no longer want their emails- just remove me!
Stern said on another show this AM about "1 & done" "I can't control what college players do"! Really?
hey!!! I've been awesome, how about you? :)
I hate saying goodbye! :'(
Getting a speedy oil change. Counting the minutes til he comes into the waiting room waving a dirty air filter in my face.
Just make sure you stay at a better hotel tonight. Let me know if you need food suggestions.
Good luck with the #AlfaRomeo GTV. I want a vintage Guilia or Guilietta.
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
I would make fun of you #medschoolnerds... but I want free doctor bills. You two are so funny!
Nice vs the Yankees
that'd be insane!:O
Live Video & Live Audio courtesy of Doane College is FREE. Must open both links separately and at the same time to Watch & Listen.
i know i am. And your my goofy goober! :)
In bed already. I had so much fun dancing though! Loved the music.
-____- CURSE YOU COMCAST!!! X((
Mavs down 1 with 15 seconds left. On verge of ferocious rally.
I am clueless about the weekend*
thanks! I hadn't seen them post this
Once I'm married, I'll sing my man to sleep every night.
Was at the pool with my sis and the security gaurd comes so we take of hahaha so fun
tell us about your project?
Are you putting a cap on your toothbrush? It might not be a good idea as it can trap moisture and stimulate bacteria growth.
I found my new coffee drink for the winter season!! Thank you Starbucks ;)
I'm ready!
thanks for the follow Blast that info
Good subject... love to hear what pushes peoples buttons...
so good to see you here. Just wanted to say hi and let you know Sweet Debbie's Organic Cupcakes is on twitter. We love you!
whenever you might say somethings "Cool" or " Dope" exchange it with "Filthy" it basically means the same thing.
We see them often out here in Arizona . those and the Turkey Vultures . Once in awile a Eagle as well
Thales~ The past is certain the future obscure.
Who's going to dig a Greek site off the cast of the Black Sea in Bulgaria for two weeks in August? Me! See also, my bf :)
i feel you on that one.
I like the hard shells too. These were next level. Too good.
Missing you guys too. Cheers to your success 2011-2012 board!
just wait until you tweet from the iPad - it's life-changing!!
What is football coming to when I'm more excited about seeing TV commercials & Madonna during halftime than the actual game?
writing two new songs for our split with Dead & Gone, and also doing a weekend tour with them in february!
what email did you send it too?
I'm enjoying these rainy and foggy days.
Hitting the mall with the biddy
writing night tonight :)
If it is the right thing to do, it is your job as a steward of whatever organization you represent.
Hey, try writing about it.
. Not true. Just look at PLoS usage stats. May be true for closed access journals though...
THANK GOD I'M HOME! 1 Swollen & Rolled Ankle + Ridiculous PAIN + Too Many Damn BLOCKS & STAIRS X the #FarRockShuttle bus = FATALITY!
Phone calls. Phone calls. More phone calls!!!! (I can't stop the beeping!)
why wouldn't be?
makes children's wigs for free to give to kids with Cancer so if you are thinking about chopping your locks send it to the Kids!
I'm sure you guys are both great (: and yeah we should !
Eww you're making me uncomfortable.
my pleasure :D
Nf cast member whom is also a member
My truck gave out on me this morning. :(
driving :-). Talk soon.
lol nice! Hope you're enjoying the book :)
Don't be so sure. Every family has a Snark, after all.
Am I the first to question whether needlessly long hypertext w/in a sentence should be interpreted as cyber shouting?
I used to laugh when people would say they PROGRAM websites in HTML and shrug it off, now I sob deeply inside when I read it on applications
More Not-So-Naked Public Square
Im sleepy
Beyonce Dance For You.. How have you been?
The March to a Mil starts here...
is recharging some gear in the United RCC.
Like Yoda I now speak.
I like your style, Amigo
have any duct tape?
"Facebook Timeline," or, "How I made myself completely unemployable."
yes you heard correct! I'm over at Bell Brothers now ;)
#healthtip: Fun, joy and laughter create health. If what you are doing is not bringing you joy, find something else thatwill.
I cant do this by myself anymore
So much for going to Yoga today, instead I get to take a lovely trip to the dentist, stupid crown.
RT This weekend better be good. Ok
Iova: Do you want to go Ice Skating today? Riordan: No Aoife: No. The ice is too slipery.
Watching #doomsdaypreppers...they make it seem so sane and logical...
I was asleep for about 5 minutes before the squirrels started doing whatever they do up there. Beginning to think they aren't squirrels.
Another day of march madness
Excited to be hosting Demystifying the Document Review Process: e-Discovery, Contract Attorneys, and More with Complete Discovery Source o…
Need the weather to get its act together !! and I are waiting for to get us out on the water!! #damnwind!
because I'm canadian and thats from south park?
Reflecting on this truth MT FM corevalues: cont. healing relationships, whole-person orient, compre. care, care in ... context
Sir Charles looks like a banker in his 3 piece suit LOL
I can't send you a direct message because you aren't following me. Please let me know when you have followed.
Nothing like discovering you do in fact have OCD when your stress level goes down by about 1000% simply cleaning your room :P
best Friday of summer!
No community meal tonight.
That is LOVE!
The OTHER NETWORK screenings continue tonight at 6. Odenkirk's NEXT and Carell's HUD start things out. Bar open.
You know she just moved out of Momma's Just went back to college She is my dancer, when she dance I throw her dollars
Oh come on, it's a funny picture. I'm posting the original now. I think if you wana do your own of Zapf that's fair (cont.)
Dear thank you for coming into my life I love you.
wtf lol you're always sick. And yea I think so I noticed he has a donk too hahaha
It's 52 right now in Milwaukee on Jan. 31. No wonder my allergies have gone mad.
I had Alpine Vanilla with a mountain of rainbow sprinkles! cc:
Getting ready to participate in Spine of the Earth!
EP is sounding great!!!! Should hopefully be done mixing this week to have it mastered then duplicated for you all. Can't wait!!!!!
RT : Rest in Love Peace and Soul!
Happy Easter! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
hahahah thank you! I already creeped & found it. I'm sure there is more to the story because it's the dumbest fight ever.
I AM SO BORED!
hm it should be under thephillydog....are you under katklaw9?
What you put into the lives of others will come back into your own. #Firm believer
We want & accept everybody at
Shout Out To My Home Boy Ju Rock KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Wow! Enjoy the sweat!
How many of you watch Good AM America? That's where I learned about this and became passionate about it.
Excited for tomorrow!! Pj day at school :) Just get up and go to school!!! So tonight I have to get my beauty sleep!!!!
THANKS HE ARRIVED ON 9-29 AT 2;30am 7lbs 21inches long BIG BLUE EYES DARK HAIR WE ARE SO HAPPY
#growth11 Who wins the race: the brand with the most goodwill or the one with the best, most relevant technology? Or, is a combination?
Steve Miller just abused Darryl Baldwin.
My bracket is all messed up...too many underdog upsets! That's what the Madness is about!
New INFO on #Carlsbad police officer arrested. It was for stealing narcotics from department's property impound
time for a mercy killing. for the greater good.
Self-esteem is a huge piece of my work. You have to believe it's possible & believe in yourself.
I go to Bel Air Presbyterian Church!
gum is my obsession .
Check out our New Summer Lunch and Dinner Menus! All Vegan Organic and Delicious featuring more local ingredients than ever at www.blpdx.com
I'm Still Laughing
Thanks again for coming this morning! Glad you enjoyed it! :)
if they do you punch them out! Fuck them.
January 12 I will be camping outside the theater just to watch "Joyful Noise" are you excited? I am. :D
oh no. I was understanding..not saying mine was worse. It can always be worse...
" I got me bitch" - yellawolf
That's E. Claire Acuda Bandersnatch's work, who is in our current exhibition I Am Crime: Art on the Edge of Law through 4/19.
Happy New Year Jemi!
“: Abe Lincoln's birthday today... Says here his teeth were made of wool. Whatta man.” tweets. Whatta man
I always feel that it is a Birthday Season, because, really, why limit it to even a month? ;-)
Someone tell me that sub makes sense. I don't see it. Need a goal and Scholes off???
It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
They tell you not to 'drink and drive'. Well today I was drinking juice while driving my tricycle....... I felt pretty dangerous.
is that the only thing you....nvm
By the way, after 14 point loss at MSU Feb 16th, I thought Badgers were likely headed for early exit in NCAA tourney
Hey folks, are server may have been down all day but come to the Lincoln Storage Warehouse to get tickets at the door for FREAKSHOW!
having more difficulty locating the Chev. Blanc.
hey...do what you gotta do. No one can stop you and you're awesome like that!
Thanks! Hope you like our music! Any love would be appreciated <3
If your parents like your work, your work is getting bad.
RT : You can't please everyone, all the time, but that won't stop us from trying! // always good to try, but know when to stop
Nice! Have a great time!
Aye I Got A Haircut !! Lml
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for making the impossible of technology possible.
you know what really grinds my gears... pop ups that make noise but you cant see them!
what's the myth? you want to duplicate your content, and he says no? or vice versa....
Oh! My first ever presidential motorcade!
I would really love if my boyfriend called me tonight.
Hi Anais! If you have any questions about our reports (or what tweets we can access), please let me know. Thanks!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night to Coles! Thanks to Coles! Thanks to the performers & DJs! Thanks to Jami Sailor! It was great!
yo, I really like your music. Im a new artist on reverbnation as well. Check me out at www.reverbnation/JermaineSantiago.
Haha I'll probably lose. But at least I can say I tried
happy new year kimberly!
on my way
can't imagine a better way to compliment the eats n' drinks!
Tonight on Las Olas is the Art Walk, 5pm-10pm! Happy Hour beverages extended for the entire event! Big City Tavern...Best on the Blvd!
Did some custom 5x7 Rooster and Turkey prints this morning and ended up with a few extras. They'll be up in the Etsy shop later today!
Not using my head gets me NOWHERE.
fina teach this dude a lesson on this PS3 in the #platinumsuite lounge
Ugh work 530-e
Lovin at Willie's ranch, 2 parts Alabama, 1 part Grateful Dead with a dash of Dylan. Shake well.
I'm listening to Yankee Bayonet.
divide UR bodyweight by 50%, drink that in ounces/day. Then compensate 4 hotter, more humid days & heavier workouts.
If cavemen had Twitter we would still not have fire:
Last thought of the we morning hour, this beat is really good you can tell by the glare and nod of my head
I did. So amazing. Really really great stuff.
Happy birthday to the sweetest lil lady in the world, my Gigi!!
Lets hold hands n light a candle n sing Simon n Garfunkel RT : Hey guys. Let's get along. :)
Yess could you please help bring them back to Miami?
Sending out a few acceptance letters, nominating for the pushcart prize, and welcoming #submissions with open arms. translitmag at gmail.
Links from other sites to yours (aka backlinks are the most important ranking factor search engines look at. LMK if you need SEO help.
This Wednesday, Dec. 22 -*free performance- 'In Honor of Jean-Michel Basquiat"
flirting with another all nighter...
thanks for putting me in the fun group! Have a good day! :-)
YOUR FUTURE: Today u make a dramatic statement by doing nothing. It's the 1st time you've managed to do nothing in this scenario. Good one
Hit a pothole last night and it "fixed" a dashboard light that had been out for months - could this be a metaphor for life?
You always hate me :(
or is it merely a challenge... :)
literally like can he be my bestfriend
every damn day :) haha
I got that track done too bro, hmu
Why? That's why you have facebook.
does Tom Brady call u the black guy too lol
Parsifal. Thought it far better than other two. Agree meaning more important (or perhaps happiness is found that way)
I can't adjust to something I already am
Yay! Squeaky Clean is in the house washing my windows. Birds beware.
brown looks like he is gonna cry..omg
Yes sir!! RT : Just tuned in to the homies &amp; GOIN IN at the
Please come to an agreement with WISC-TV in Madison, Wisconsin. I'd be VERY disappointed if I end up missing the NCAA games.
Of course you can! We typically send out invites through DMs. Could you follow us and we'll send one over to you?
you have FaceTime?
the song's called no time for you. Found it suiting.
NIALLERR! I hate living in the USA.. I can't meet you.. Only tweet you!
hahah maybe it was me! Or maybe just a figment of your imagination <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#PositiveTweet “: When life gives you lemonade... add VODKA!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>”
Why do I always want to cry?!?!
dear corner store. Sell blunts. Not wraps. Sell Garcias so i can enjoy my smoking experience. UGH!
Tightened up the new song "Unable to Miss" as well as added another new song to our set. Were so stoked to play The Chance next friday!
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award - Sacrament
spring babies indeed! Congratulations to and family.
#SongsICanRelateTo BTO - "Taking Care of Business"
just watched your graduation video via Facebook posting my MEP2012-er So inspiring! Thanks for sharing it :)
I love you <3
Great time at Folks Fest! I'm playing at the Wildflower Pavillion 2:45 tomorrow! Congrats to , contest winner!
Eating some waffles and drinking some orange juice :) Yum
Soundtrack 2 my life >>>>
Dairy queen :)
Yay, said nice teacher I emailed sent me a message back! Feeling good today.
Join us for Fat Tuesday!!! Featuring The High Kings. Doors at 8:30pm. $27 cover! Tickets available at showclix.com
hey, know of any good heartbeat fx on Logic. I can't find one for the life of me!
aww i feel loved.c;
We're like fire and gasoline
I'll peep it out, thanks bro!
Are you guys going veggie??
Thank you to everyone who helped us get to this point. Stay Tuned for details!!!
Click Like if you are a nutball like me that has a love/hate relationship w the muscle burn post workout!
Watching We Bought a Zoo!! YIPPEE ;D
I can't sleep, so I'm laying on my roof and looking at the stars. Take me away <3
I love you <3
WOW what a great new procedure! It looks so safe and easy.
Kyle is playing air-guitar to Journey right now!
I need coffee. But I'd settle for wine.
or is that mean?
Many sessions pointing to the importance of student control/responsibility in learning.
Tigers dominating the scrum but ref not liking something. Penalty Bath in kicking distance.
It's too fucking bright out here
And also going to hear Bobby Hill give a talk on Garveyism today at the
#RObotz we're extending the contest. we will pick the winner once he hits 73k! the faster you tweet the sooner he gets to 73k!
RT : Great leaders break barriers, bad leaders create them
JUST ANNOUNCED: Two Jews Walk Into A War... has been EXTENDED to March 27th. Tickets at 816-531-PLAY or www.unicorntheatre.org.
Team announces Aldridge underwent successful surgery today. Full recovery expected.
Guilty as charged with the stories!
Does this bold better for Portland to land him even in the short term sense like 2 yrs
That's right! We've got Chico Suave on the Inferno from 10-11pm every night. Don't miss it, or you'll be another one of 'those'...
Sometimes I would like to amputate me knee and get a fake one... But I like having real body parts haha
na, u can just bring them next time u come over
M #Jambalaya, its been way too long!
You are missed at the Ocho...KGW.
And I'll miss seeing you, David!
CATS. CATS. CATS. AND MORE CATS.
yes indeed! I have a new job at JHU! My last day at the Aquarium is Wednesday. I'd love if you came to my farewell HH!
Knowledge is power! ": "if the check don't clear, i'm not here" - "
In NYC before July 29? We highly recommend seeing " / The World Stage: Israel"
POTUS' plan is to let sequestration happen. Because you couldn't get off your obstructionist behind last year!
lol. RT : #OKJoes has me hanging on by a thread right now..
;) lol miss u boo!
nanana, gonna have a good time~
Catch , Beret-Koehler Publishers, up next: Developing a Profitable E-commerce Strategy in Ziegfield
Oh Bo who cares JK or am i LOL
So tired! Good day tho :), someone Skype me :)
Do the guys in the commercial realize they sell Doritos at every grocery store?
Go Blackhawks! Don't forget to use when you're at your favorite bar watching the games!
hahaha from b ball or lax?
ilove this class , only cuss jesus always makes me laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
lol that's all i've done with the book! I've tried reading it but it just wasn't happening.
I have athletes foot because I'm an athlete
RT : Tea Party speaker at Boca rally tells Trump can be 4 #teaparty movement what Berlusconi has been/done for Italy
The last 3 treets sent from my acct are the Not from my Acct message today - same yesterday and a feb 10 tweet . . . .
- Awesome. Once I am done being an online geek I will revert to my natural state as a board/card game geek.
- The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
"congratulations on getting here safely"
I ain't mad at cha<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Voted on your entry ^^ Good luck!
Yeah happy birthday aka Dior/D'Or!
haha! I laughed a little when I saw that
Google- or Google+ Do we need another Facebook? We will see if Google muscles in on Social Media using their e-mail & search influence.
Thanks for the tweet.
Happy you'll be on your way soon! We'll have your room ready ;o)
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL. Even though I hate the Yankees with a passion I have much respect for Mariano. Get better soon And heal up
Doors are open! Hope u r on your way if not here already to see your PRD skaters beat Montreal ;)
I'm donzolaaa
hahahaha and were at the woodland mall, we're stalking(;
miss you dude ! Good to see you ! RT“: Man I talked so much baseball thinking about it I missed it”
Hey...are you at #lsbeerfest today? Just saw you OR your doppelganger!
sorry!! already took him!
your dog will be the real winner. Sweet 'do
good seeing you last night dude, keep up the hustle!
Some films are slices of life, mine are slices of cake. - HITCH
Paul Pierce just pulled a Rod Tidwell
I need to eat something besides cereal in the damn morning <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
All of my websites are officially ready for tomorrow's SOPA web blackout.
thank you for the keys & usb, Rachel! looking forward to lunch when we all have some time (friday?)
Name that tune - "I can't stand the rain, gainst my window"
lls mean ass
Who has seen the movie the woman in black I hear itz a kick ass movie whatz ur opinion?
¤ Success is a journey, not a destination. Ben Sweetland
Had such a good run this morning - getting so excited for Divas 5K with & !!!
how bout yourself?
mutual feelings ;*
6pm -10pm 7411 West Lake Mead Blvd..Food Court of Las Vegas = 5 diff Street Food Vendors. Come relax on your Sunday night w/ us all XOXO
So far today: witnessed Pam Scott debate esoteric DC history and I sort-of interpreted the history of the Pension Building for Leo Alexander
"are you driving"? - " I made a cup" Playing pong omg haha
People that hate on the heat <<<
LOL I don't know Brooke, sheesh!
I aint nobdy say that n a while
#noyoudidnt jus look at my mom ass
Going to Chicago, expanding business to a diversifying group and scoping out the potential of the residents if they have what it takes!
what did you check in to get this?
100 your beautiful and deserve to be happy. ;)
What business does our government have getting involved with marriage at all? Isn't that between two consenting adults and God?
Wondering if you would be willing to have The Form UK go against The Form from the US. Tell me more about your show!!
is amazing!!! :D
Congrats to Bubba Watson!
I don't think Doug is on twitter. Thanks for the support though!
I have eleven days left! #SUMMER!!!
happy friday anyone!
My brother's homework asked for something that rhymes with purple. I see they're even trolling first graders now..
Now that we have big data covered, who is doing gigantic data?
Can't wait for finals to be over so I can spend a month with
#ff we dont always agree but I enjoy and respect her
Would appreciate it!
200 crunches tonight. on my way to rock hard abs!
finally. friday. lets get through today!
Merry Christmas! Praying for a miraculous healing for you so that God may be glorified!
Read between my lines. /via
Off to the city (:
#howtomakemynight: RT After watching the ACMs, I believe there is a future ACM Award Winner....... ;)
Maybe he's one of the Aliens? Weird.
I bought a fish and named it afta my ex BF then flushed it down th toylit its realy the litle things in life!!!
i remember when i was #InMiddleSchool :)
7, you mean during the first ten minutes, right?
Wonder what's the story. RT Hmm ... getting a bunch of errors at Storify for the first time ... "overloaded" "404" error, etc
ugh alright ill find someone >.<
iknowww....like my friend just started to like him and already hes following her...
thanks for the tweet to the crowd at Syracuse today
Super Bowl 2014 may displace trade shows at the Javits Center-using the space for the media and volunteer center.
ok good I was about 2 have a panic attack ohh… :(
I miss you guys too :( I want to see more new office pics. Also is amber still there?
Had a dream that someone gave me a tarantula and a snake as birthday gifts
Life has everything to show us. It is what we say to life that stops it along the way.
thanks love!
Finals, Finals, Finals!
thant sounds good
And lo, the season of the grading is upon us...
..It is THAT important that u become a GREAT defender. When you improve your "D" u get one step closer to becoming a complete player.
you can apply to any SAS school right now. LACHSA was due in Jan, Beverly Hills doesn't issue out of district permits anymore
agreed. lets start planning a boondoggle for next SXSW. maybe a panel on using analytics for good. 3 of us +2 cc:
great to finally meet you this evening. Looking forward to chatting further....
no, the masses will never care about decent photography - more impressed by Thomas Kincade's bastard spawn, i.e. HDR
That little front pocket on jeans comes in handy at raves.
Dr. Dre & Snoop going on tour w/ Ghostly-Tupac? Matter of time before a corp backs them & Tupac gives shoutout to Norelco Razors on stage.
This is why they fuck with me. I'm no gangster no killer, im jus your average joe.
#NattyBo makin' an appearance on
agreed, it is now done but not enough and take-up is low
Don't forget: today is Free Tuesday for San Diego County residents as well as active military and their dependents with ID! Have fun!
Why is so hot!? Sigh. Lookin' forward to coming back to the states to play! Whoo!
If yo wife ask you to call up 1 of yo niggas so yall can have a 3some... Leave her ass
You are not at the Shabbycat Homebrewery & Craft Emporium, regardless of what foursquare says.
I want to use pinterest more but I can't "create" content for another platform right now. But I'm anxious I'll miss out.
I learned about recently, like what they've been doing. No official affiliation, not yet! cc
Thank you and !
sometimes I do depending on my mood and energy level
I get so annoyed when my directioner friends say 'vas happenin?' to me -_-
": congratulations on the new gig you deserve it" thx. I worked hard for it too
I wish we werent so far :(
your going for the Pacers right?? Lol
the most irrelevant but richest porn star ever
#damn sounds like you have it hard..... lol but it'll get better... and sorry bout last night, #smh i fell aleep lol :)
A bite from the kindest, is the nastiest.
[{}]The VDay 2012 season is open & the HunterVDAY team is ready to get you in the mood...Performance dates 3/1-3/3[{}]
In the east
thanks twin <3
my hair is shedding .
SO ANNOYED WITH !!! #MAGIC are over now put the on please!!!!!!!!!! UGH
Middle finger up to them ex fuckboi's who feel they r still apart of ur life when ur finally happy..
if you think your lonely now.. wait until tonight girl.
Damn it she's alive.
By the way, did you see the poster of TRob in the Lawrence Journal-World's Dec 25th edition? Slamming it home!
was originally with the rap group House of Pain. What Its Like #NowPlaying on
RIP Mark Brunelli...
Ohh :) No worries
I hate when people act like they are smarter than everyone else and then get sassy with you because you make better grades than they do.
Brett Favre <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?
Give up now, or?
Watching #Seattle I can't believe I just saw pull a #JimTheCop'd
this sunday taking my niece to see selena gomez at the rodeo houston
RT : tulo plays #boyfriend when he comes up to bat! BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF THE BIEBZ!
Everyone should go follow .. This bitch is hilarious! =)
Just saw your tweet! I got a Nook Color and love it! I've spent more on ebooks in the last month than I ever spent on books.
crying i am in so much pain
Henny Youngman~ My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesnt need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.
Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother. ~Oprah Winfrey
suspect the AC has just been turned on at work. It's March 21. No, there's not climate change, no way!
that was a pretty good laugh. Thanks for ab workout.
You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly, but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly! Ha, ha! ~ Eddie Murphy in Shrek
what??? What happened?
Last chance to RSVP for 944's Fashion Issue bash at Side Bar tonight! Hosted by Michael Lee w/ a fab fashion show! www.944.com/944fashion
Writers block is killing me right now. Float me some inspiration.
I've met Bubba and he was great to me and had great conversation with me!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>16
yes they are very fun. Just very expensive
potato ...orgy?
We are all just prisoners here, of our own device
For once I managed to do some shredding without overheating the shredder.
vibes + omni jam sometime? music for butterflies?
Watch half time report or run and pick up a few things for Easter dinner?
can we get a shout out for #levilowrey? Co-writer for Zac Brown Band's "Colder Weather"?
your welcome(: I will Voxer you back after I get done doing my yoga class (:
Will do. Not sure I ever mentioned it before, but thanks for the Colorlist work. Been a fan of Gorczynski for awhile.
Jake Da Snake completed his music video for the track "Told A Lie" over the weekend with legendary video director Morocco Vaughn
Kentucky and Kansas are making 87% of shots that make it to the rim in this game.
#prproblems RT : Booking flights, drafting press releases, sending emails. Typical
We get a major NPR piece and I'm happy to spread news = 5 retweets= you ditch me. I'm not sharing any Wegman's goodies w/ you
: Had an incredible time learning so much at the #EMExpo today. Y'all are totally inspiring!
ABOUT A WEEK - Second focus group on blue ray. Great response. We getting closer to completion.
When I'm stressed, I snack. This has not been good for my waistline of late :-/ (Thank god for a good metabolism) *crunch crunch cruch*
Obvious question: Why do tix sell out in minutes, then appear on reseller sites immediately?
just got home from school and so bored
Rumormill: Sportier Range Rover Evoque ... - Auto Electric Parts
once again instant gratification prevails!
Bad news bears. I need to get caught up with Mad Men. Finished season 4 a while ago.
Watching Haven on syfy!!! I love science fiction stories!
My favorite #REM song!
agreed, they are corporations but it certainly is a lot easier to develop for android
it was ehhh… /: how was your day?
I've never done a speech in front of so many people before..
follow back?
the botox cure is a homeopathic principle being demonstrated again.
A crazy guy who people think is Jesus is far more interesting than a puppet people think is Goober.
hey mr good boy. Good job teaching the little guy the hoops.
Yo when you gonna remix ?
Great to see such a PACKED house at #jmu612 so many new faces. Obviously trademark law & social media is on people's minds!
I know I've been tweeting a lot about #HansZimmer but he's straight killing it. Best study music by far
Oh my god I'm so exhausted
#PAIN&GLORY
Where to advertise/how specific to be in job descs have been problematic in recruiting #clir postdocs. Our hosts go both ways.
yes the drafting has improved...people can blame FA for losing, but even if Pirates retained everyone still not .500
can you please RT i NEED to know when your new cd is coming out *lots of love* hope you have a GREAT day ;) <U+2665><U+2665>' iloveyou ;D
happy birthday!!
Monkees star Davy Jones mourned in private funeral Monkees star Davy Jones has been remembered in a small private funeral in Florida.
I have an appointment at 11, so I'm going to the one at 2:30.
On the road!
Enjoyed hearing the smart folks on the #opendata panel:
Waiting for carter at dean urgent care. Hopefully not a broken jaw!
You look pretty happy in your picture :DD Do you like cute musicians??
It's your love, it just does something to me, it sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough
you look ready for a nice day though.. jealous
I saw - I voted!
Great time last night at Century Link Field with over 38,000 of my fellow Sounder fans!!!!
I wanna to be a SuperMan <U+2665>
Tomorrow at noon here in #Madison, #Wisconsin. #Solidarity March for #OccupyOakland and
I honestly have no idea whatsoever
So much for going upstairs on Mike Smith!!
I think you're right; case studies are critical. Just not a believer in "Let's do X bc Y other nonprofits do it" w/o info.
Most Irish brides include shamrocks in their bridal bouquet as well as in the groom’s boutonniere.
Chipotle makes the heart grow fonder
happy hour at Daily Grill
accidently pullin the charger out the wall w/ distance in between & your comfortable
I have been trying to decide which one...
fuck that and fuck you !!! Love is magical !!! And it fueling me to be better and work it it fueling me to move mountains
Surfer Holly McClane, or just Surfer Holly
Battle Royale on the big screen!
Sitting in the second row for Cabin in the Woods. Yea im that girl.
Franklin, it seems we see a lot of you... But is there a better park to be in on a day like this? I think it's time for al pastor tacos!
Salute to the great city of
& in the Trop- 3801 LV BLVD. Sick night! Hit me up for tables.
BIDEN accidentally admits to have SEVERE case of FECAL IMPACTION , THUS forcing OBAMA admit to same.
I hated tags for gmail too.. Then I tagged my entire inbox, started at 0, and now it's an excellent "to do" list / PM tool
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Imbued with memories fond.. Amen to that brother. "RTs : S/O college days, swiftly past!"
what r u doing over there
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
LOVE to have LOCAL cinema sound in my HOUSE...
haha this post just made me miss you more!
It was pretty great!
Honor your word over your circumstances, feelings, justifications and reasons. That's living in integrity.
any team that plays Meeks this many minutes should change their name to the Bobcats.
It must be national drive a Buick day
Lol (: I wud hate to c anything happen to them xP
Going to the country club for a Derby party. Expecting crazy hats.
WTF :( I have managed to spend $700 in 30 minutes.
Gonna be battlin the elements today at the #TournamentClubofIowa GC. Hope KearneyCC and the Pit is nice for and
Just watched a 3 hour long doc on Mr. Rogers. He will always be my
Long line for Santa photos today
You know you have a true friend when it's a mutually symbiotic relationship, there's no competition, and you both win
there have certainly been nights with big pockets and early TOTS departures. And underage friends that just wanted a rail.
"cold fusion" or "ColdFusion"? I guess you'd get laughed at either way.
Hi how are you???
Mother tells 2 daughters that daddys not coming home... Littlegirl1: can i call him? Mom: they dont have phones in heaven,
In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
The male Yak says GOAL! Goodstuff Rovers
If blood will flow when flesh and steel are one, drying in the colour of the evening sun...
! RT : i dont want perfect, i want worth it.
Not yet. I definitely will, though. I just think that Reggie Evans is going to give the Spurs major problems.
that doesnt make sense....
how oold r u then?
Wet Stone Winebar: For an early NYE dinner 4pm-8pm $48++ Pre Set Menu. See menu @ wetstonewinebar.com And find it on Facebook Cheers!
Really. They have enough time to be judgmental assholes and talk about the students behind their backs, why not try to teach
im tired a'f. night twitter !
How can Monday mornings be made better? When 2 out of your 5 meetings get cancelled to start the day.
that was my original thought ;) great minds think alike
lol my bad :P
No mo fuckin Adele, I hope she don't win no fuckin mo, but god damn she won again, I thought Bruno mars was goin 2 win dat Damn Bruno Mars
Olympic trials straight out of high school?
K , fine I unfollow he's too arrogant :P
of course :)
follow plz won't let me dm
getting skinnier, loosing teeth... I saw a poster in the counselors office about this once.
Heading to the #FlaDerby at for some & then watch the BIG game. Go Cats!
today was 4 months since ive started working c:
"An obscene gay Prarie Home Companion." - I Love You... Were Fucked.
This child knew to not trust the parents in the home as early as five years of age.
We are on the road again. Will be in oklahoma city tonight.
Baseball season is here! Can officially say
I'm leaving Chicago for the 4th of July. Because I'm not a huge fan of, you know, people.
OMP!!!! I LOVE U PAULY D!!!! ur one of da only reasons y I watch jersey shore!!! U beast!
I really loved The 5-year engagement last night. It was hilarious and really fun to see with my girl friends.
umm, most of us did“: A year ago today the story broke on Jim Tressel.... Who would have thought a year later he would be gone???”
that is very tempting
Oh hai, it's the birthday of my favorite player: Joel Hanrahan. Happy birthday !!!
Drunk on casseroles with crazies.
If you see a chubby brunette with facial piercings hanging out with a ginger or two and at least 4-5 other hipsters, that's me!
Three Doors Down, "Let Me Go"
3 to go.
well i tried but it didnt work.
Who should I follow, or ?
hahaha I'm at work! he's one of my coworkers and he's super finneeeee!
I absolutely love waking up on the weekends and watching #EPL soccer. From my bed.
#INSen #INElect12 MT Had a great unity event today w/ Our team is geared up for victory!
Dance rehearsal
Shouldn't the subtitles be in English? What am I missing?
what time u get bk 10
haii twitter followers ^-^
I applaud 's political courage going against teachers' unions for the sake of improving education. Politicians, take note.
Done! Temptation is always better when one goes back for seconds.
wat u mean easy
OUCH! Discovered a bump on my forehead wondering how I got it as I don't remember.
I really need to start carrying a knife
the only thing to do is make the best of it! It's always a great time to get in the market!
If you might not like the answer-don't ask the question!
Lol! It's cool now, since Sarah left me for that Ben character and his penis.
RT : Help plan next Troy Davis event w/ Bmore death penalty abolitionists - 7pm @ 4806 York rd.
Thanks. I'm psyched! Ready for what's next :) Buyers are great.
I would love a Vera Bradley wallet!
Has completed an Inquisition by the mom and is having a beer and cheese puffs with Michael. A wee bit of peace......
Dear Karma, If I do some really nice things today can I get away with being really bad tonight?
Quote of the day... "We haven't had tea since the days of Christian D-ioooooor."
Trying to get the hang of this application
awww! Miss you too! Hope you and the family are well!!
Making, Mapping, Mining and Meaning - the 4 principles that are shaping enterprises today via
Ladies please bring shoulder pads back
Happy Thanksgiving to you also!!
Cute couples are the cutest.
I'm a guy, I get jealous when you talk to other guys, I get upset when I see you with other guys, It's because I like you.
I love the smell of laundry detergent! :)
night! Sweet dreams!
Ohh you sucked him up? How did my vagina taste bitch(:
so true!
Hey guys! Curious what are your favorite kinds of films to watch? Horror? Comedy? Drama? Love story?
I've made mistakes , but i've learned from them
Besides #echofon n #tweetcaster eats a good twitter app for #iphone ??? Bcuz I'm not feelin these 2
RT : The dog was created specially for children. He is the god of frolic. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Come watch the Superbowl at the Refectory!!!! 7 - 11 foot T.V.'s and 20 plasmas. Free entry.
CATCH ME IF YOU CAN: Tomorrow bright and early 6:20 on WKZO's Lori Moore Show and 7:25 on WJR's Paul W. Smith Show
Holy high waves at
#WTD11 Happy World Thinking Day to all Girl Guides and Girl Scouts around the world!
I was coloring eggs
- congrats on the new hire! exciting move for the
we haven't done a food challenge yet. I imagine its agonizing. My thoughts will be with both of u!
Finally home in Boston. Well. Landed and headed to the T. But that counts. Where are my keys?
sorry all, got spammed. I don't really think that photo is you.
Hey home early cause I'm not feeling good and cause sumtin bad happened today!:(
Be Getting On My Ever Lasting Nerves Sometimes Lmao But I Love My Nuckle Headed Ace <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
If i give you 50, could you pay me back?
damn I thought you were joking. Where will you brew it?
hey when are this yeas Texas Social Media awards?
whole house exterior paint jobs starting at 2k!
oh thanks alot… i see how it is…
No Way!!!! We'll see you there then!! Who else is going??? :)
Holla - good stuff!
oh you never know... it's been a while since i got to play darts
Listen twice. Speak once.
WE want to see a picture of your Pinkberry! Stop by and tweet us a pic!
Obama has been great for the careers and bottom lines of many conservative media types, including you!
Check Out the new pics for this week in
Glad you enjoyed the show!
#LimpBizkit signs wit
Shot im ready fa my vacate!!!!
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?~~~~Lily Tomlin
Stella McCartney dropped by today. I've seen my fair share of famous faces but Stella McCartney takes the cake.
So in theory, a human-sized bunny is supposed to hide eggs in the middle of the night?
Thanks for telling me. Things are getting better with the new site. You need a thick skin.
That man to cool he dropped out of chs Jv
#erl12 #libleadership . there's a certain arrogance in the word leader, tendency to say "there's a leader, i can take a nap"
what,that cant be true is it.
No, your just a Legend... a Living Legend.
So much for having an outline. I am still flailing through the first draft.
that seriously made me chuckle
Good morning fam! Have a great one!
Longest day ever
The free reusable bag from today? Just the right size to be pretty much useless . Nice concept, less than ideal execution.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> well fine bitch it wasn't aimed towards you anyways....
Stand tall.. its gets a little better, I see the wall that we can break down together - thanks to for the inspiration
Btw, how are you? Hope life in Hawaii is treating you fabulously. :)
Dexter ROCKS!!!!
is killllin me . im dying to know now . ugh !
- In Psychology class
Heh RT : "Dear Santa, I'm writing to let you know I have been naughty, and it was worth it, you fat, judgmental bastard"
Quotes for custom builds completely depend on what your interested in having made. Tell me more?
nice imagine....... O_O
if i get you a Giraffe will you send me, Niall?
Yesterday i was so sick but i'm feeling better :)
Have you heard the drunk caller get irate? Listen to "Listener Complaint" at www.freekshowradio.com
Dam @ more Days!! XD
Probably important we accept/expect tech issues as part of using it in public.
that too
everyone is saying legos glad my kids are to young for this now LOL
crunching on some chip all loud like if she got speakers in her mouth lol :-)
I want to date Shane West but the Shane West 10 years ago.
congrats on the show my dude
"Since the great recession of 2008, Zombie interest has taken off. Feelings of insecurity."
Go Kawhi. Im mow a Pacer fan.
Ransom-specific: Infinite Bacon. Bacon Revisited. Bacons Wake. The Green Bacon. The Bacon Book.
Watched Precious this morning instead of blow out game and best choice. Tough movie to watch but Mo' did great job.
thanks for the follow please RT that we will be giving away 2 tickets to a random follower to check out our show on Jan 21
Just saw the video of David Walliams singing with the Show Bears
This weekend
On my way home from simi. Fuck I'm tired
Ok angry birds is str8
Christopher Rauschenberg mentioned me as peek (peak) from I'm honored. Thank you!
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Hey Happy Ass.
had a great presenter in class today talked about interesting concepts on improving education in Philadelphia
EVA's next meeting is this Sat. March 5th!!! Conflict,Character and Motivation w/ Terry Blain @ Azusa Public Library. Hope to see you there!
Ken Kesey~ Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
#ff, come up from the Springs & have a Ding Dong soon :) RT Ding Dongs ? Can you save me one
hosting lunch today #TED to explore tech that allow citizens to engage more deeply in community with leading experts
Over last 2 hours, I've received 4 duplicate invites to an event I've already signed up for. Looks like there might be a bug...
Emotional roller coaster
Dominos dude just drove by. Pizza for breakfast doesn't sound too bad
Glad Tyson Chandler won Defensive Player of the Year but part of me feels Mavs championship run was still fresh in some voters minds.
she needs to get over herself ! Haha
lol I know!!
Dang , theress something wrong w/my family :O we al got issues .
Fun deal for new clients today: Buy 3 products from the Thickening, Quenching, or Mending line & get a free blowdry with Sean! ($45 value!)
1 week e-mail sent to photogs for 'habitat' images
The average host with 20+ people will earn over $1,000! Book your GOLD PARTY TODAY! Call (800) 774-9134!
follow packer plush
- thanks! Yeah...we're here for reasons that align with our company vision...but my passion is rock in many different forms
The new #LinkinPark song is as gay as
yuum im so hungry. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I spent $10 on that bad boy & everything in it descripes her to the T.
haah not nice.
Ice cold air now blowing in the studio; life is good.
I'm sorry, superior intellect coupled with peak human agility and strength? Yeah, you're right in calling Batman a superhero.
RT : . Capitalism is a physical manifestation of psychopathy.
In a fight with my best friend. Clearly she isn't my best friend if she is picking fights with me for no reason. ):
Just because your clothes are cute doesn't mean you are cute."
Put #LeBron on a milk carton GO
Wu-Tang is for the children.
LOL. yes of course i love it, thank you so much for letting me sleep on it again. :)
The importance of allowing the people you care about to learn their life lessons cannot be overstated. Concentrate your energies on you!
yea ik but at lease I got married to him and only if tht would really happen
big fan of dania londono in that she's pretty much running train on the secret service at this point. i'm happy when people get that chance.
Last week of summer an the weather sucks, great :/
Welcome to Twitter......hehehe
I was too engrossed in my chickpea fritter a minute ago to immediately realize that was beeping at me
9 minutes and counting!
they hinted at it...i had thought about that too...i have a couple of articles i need to finish up so i can put them live
The way you look The way you laugh The way you love with all you have There ain't nothing 'bout you that don't do something for me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
hi sup?
I legit cried from laughter listening to bryzgalov on 24/7 tonight
and haha thanks man thanks for the support means a lot much appreciated ! Hope you could get back into fighting and good luck on
#DragonsDen follow for some great baby products
Rooting for the other team eh? My Chrome (mac version) won't even load the website haha
You're the cream in my coffee
Anyone know how to cite a tweet in ASA style?
< feel better
I hate it when a person tells me to "chill." THE FUCK YOU SAID BRUH??? I AM CHILL BITCH !!!!!! >:O !
Watching "Land Of The Lost"
#ALAConf. See you and in Honolulu! RT : Is there an official hashtag for the conference?
hello =D how are you?
New day, new challenges.
I sent it haha. Did you receive it?
yeah he spits some crazy lyrics
cheers guys! Hope to see you both soon!
hello I am getting invalid location when I charging with a clients card. What does this mean? Thanks
I don't understand what's meant by 'bespoke grid system'--and Google returns only 6 results with that phrase.
She's happy you like it
i feel sorry for a toilet seat they get more ass than i do from women that is, i don't get it... oh look kittens O_o
RT: YourPocketGuru Usually the hardest advice to hear is the best advice to take! #ypg /Very true.
Hanging out at Livestrong sporting park waiting for KC to kick Dallas' butt all the way back home
Mugger described as having a nice haircut
3 1/2 weeks without drinking alcohol. Lost 5 lbs. Feel strong. Wish I could have a beer.
See you on Friday in SF right?
gotta shoot 2nd part this week bro
Thanks to Angie’s List for awarding 21st & R Self Storage the coveted 2011 Super Service Award! Given to top 5% of all reviewed businesses.
"When creating visual aid, u are setting the stage for a co-production" - prof leticia from Stanford design school
noticed that too. It's neutralized Novak completely.
Aww man Im too excited. Cant wait to rock it in Eugene at the trials. Thank you!!!
From 3 months in Richmond to 2 days in Harrisburg and now off to Alexandria for who knows how long. Boy, I miss Indianapolis!
Just learned that for third straight year, gave me 100% voting record on women's reproductive health and rights issues.
we are open to different options..i will check out your site..thanks!
hope your baby feels better
You are all slaves to the land of the free.
#ILostMyVirginityTo..oh wait. Why would anyone tweet that.
I forgot about make it or break it! Damn. I missed the last episode too <U+E408>
Feeling really good because the fact I couldn't get Affiliate Blog Builder to work wasn't me - but a bug in the software. Fix coming soon.
On the road again.. Thanks Donna & John for letting us invade for a bit
no surprises here for me ... idiots $GRPN
Running out of food in your house <
Only 2 days left to enter our Facebook comp to win a free trip in the USA! Just like us and you are entered! Good luck
You going? Gotta check out Gary Clark Jr. if so.
RT : my penis is always like "have sex with him" & i'm like "no penis. go back to sleep. i just want to cuddle him" . . . my...
Oh wow, just started watching Jan Svankmajer shorts and got to Food. That was kind of great.
Check out YS Magazine's April issue! 2 page feature on , talking about leaving and his new project !
ight i will
haha I should have expected some flack back ;)
I like when DC cab drivers act like I was born yesterday. Get off your fucking phone and drive, sexist asshole.
Listening to is always a good idea. (:
Playing hooky and watching the KU game. Excellent day would be better if they were winning.
You're named in their post. Not sure if that's an update or not.
it was even nice and sunny this morning then out of nowhere it got breezy and the sun went away. Its especially cold downtown
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith. Henry Ward Beecher
wow. You ran that!! Seen it on tv!! :)
Tommy, owner of Junior's Grill, is retiring this week, and the restaurant will likely close. Let's all toast a chicken finger in his honor.
About to end my stopover in lovely Houston airport. On to Philly and home!
Yeah. The doggie was my favorite part. Can I get my $20 back?
well, well, wel.....aren't you a piece of shit
Never plan....literally that shit always fail
did I send a hug? If yes here's another.
True. Hm I Wonder Who I Can Ask To Find Out...?
New local music you'd like to see reviewed? Send an e-mail: .
#ifiwantedamericatofail I would vote
happy mothers day to you too :)
no spoilers please!!!! We are watching at midnight.
um lily and bart!?? Im so happy chuck and blair r gunna get back together!! And serenaa?? Omgg
ask for a follow back. :)
Im a narcissistic cannibal :)
my teeth are brushed, my face is washed, guess its time for bed. night everyone <3
And getting it right!!
Honored to be named the next PD for Q106. Big shoes to fill.
you know your a pats fan right?!
TGIF! Stylized Fashion Show tonight <3
we won't get them until Monday so not sure what they look like!
Play and stay downtown! The Clarendon Hotel offers a 20% room to theatregoers. Just book a room and use promo code "ATC."
Excelent... we've been doing the chores all morning but its time to grill and the weather is Beautiful. And yours?
lol. Yeah I get it
You shud check out Jonathan Davis. He's an awesome drummer!
see if you can find me on chat roulette ;)
In exactly one week, the youth event will be going on at NtlEqMarch, will YOU be there?!?
I was in English and I noticed there was a huge space missing where you were suppose to occupy and i asked and Manbir told me.
If you don't listen to Glenn Beck, you don't deserve to live in America!!!
sippin Gin and Juice on before ECON...yeah...im jammin!!!
Why don't they 2 up Bynum for celebrating a block?
RT : 'Pita' means bread in Greek. The word 'pETA' means asshole in English.
do you by any chance remember a link to a music vid I either tweeted or fb-posted about a guy dressed as a whale, roc summer of 2009?
I hear Penguin won't take returns of signed copies. Let the pen fly...college for junior may depend on it
This world has become too political and we don't even no politics.
there's a bus coming to twu tonight.
And of course, Pottermore sorted me into Gryffindor again.
why are you writing me -
I am at a library/museum conference and Ian MacKaye is talking to us right now. AWESOME.
it was fun hanging the other night...thanks for having me!
About to eat some week and a half old bake bean pasta. Pray for my broke ass soul. And ass. Pray for my asshole.
You guys are incredible.
Backlot tour was epic! Been wanting to do that since I was 6!
FaceTime with B Money and Miss Elizabeth!!!
Excited for a celebratory dinner tonight with the sisters-in-law! I'm so lucky my brothers have such discerning taste. :)
lol ikkkk. im bout to pass out its so fuckin boring <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Brother I am so hearing you on that, I decided to watch the rain fall instead!
Great spot to be on a Sunday night!! Happy hour all night at the bar ;))
the lighting makes her hair look lighter!
Another windy day on the way, but with temps near 56° this pm it will be one of the warmer days of the week
Mistake on your part saying that. Now all the bitcoin fans are going to start yammering at you.
I'm just the mahomie that never get noticed by austin :(
I Always Wait Til The Night Before Homework Is Do To Do It, I Can't Help It
: start by listening. amen.
hahaha i know.(x
why are you awake you ussually sleep until at least noon.. and yeah you don't remember the brawl we got into?
oh, so this is my life.
Check out the first and largest, the only A list internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com,
there's that GA spice!! Shoutout from Gainesville! Love you and all you do!!!
At this point, "healthy innings" might become a #Brewers stat worth creating.
Nothing at all watching The Notebook! I forgot about the Opry! :(
Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
Thanks to Dr. Cindy Selfe, Dr. Debra Journet, our concurrent presenters, Dr. Harry Pickens, & the Delphi Advisory Board
History's Heroes: 2/1/2003 Astronauts Husband, McCool, Anderson, Ramon, Chawla, Brown & Clark die as Columbia reenters Earth's atmosphere.
thanks :) love me my sparkling wines
Colin Powell: Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. I agree!
i did follow you
Thinking about putting a lil something on the grill
aww what a cutie he is! Was he the one in the snow that time? Looks like a fun day!
Haha I know what you mean! Days like that I make sure every little detail makes the morning To Do list! Good Luck w/ today!
I hope so!
hahaha its what got me into anime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> but i saw it in japanese first
Good. You know how I tend to fret. :)
FYI...You look fantastic as a blonde! I saw your #FB page. Wish I was a friend on there! #BIGFAN of
any time, darlin'!
NSN on friday asdghlshglsjfkl it's sinking in finally.
We provide therapy for children with-Depression.
Flew overnight to #Israel & went straight to rehearse with the orchestra. Exhausted but exhilarated. Mostly Jewish #Russian emigrants.
Brewers on ESPN and T-Wolves on ESPN2...what year is it?
Fake niggas pull triggers too..that's why I dont rap about that's gangsta shit that much ..that's not wzup
RT : Successful ppl are always looking for opps to help others. Unsuccessful people are asking, What’s in it for me? – Brian...
I wouldn't step foot NEAR that BoA again!
We are moved. Haven't finished packing yet, but we are moved.
Central Corridor light rail project halfway done. Why the next half will be more difficult on KSTP-TV at 10.
Whoever started that 'Zac Effron' thing deserves a clap! :D
Grrrrrr.... but then i look 4!!!! lol okay ill sahve in a week! ;)
No real investors? Probably buying gold! Don't cry to me when it takes a dive! Real estate is the best investment - Buy apartments
Hermes farming Crocodiles...smart move. Will pricing change, if so benefiting the farmer or the buyer?
Nice & warm at LSP. Make sure you get out here tonight!
Google is weighting mobile-friendly content for users searching on a mobile device (i.e., shows up higher in results). Via
James, I know the Spurs fans feel the same way about you.
Day 1 of converting my reference section to BISAC!
So pumped to start preproduction monday
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/16/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I wear my shades at night so I can look in the abyss. I see something in nothingness, if you could picture this.
Realizing you made the right decision is a good feeling!
Sabres step it up a bit!
No unfortunately! I'm going tomorrow though.
Fresh BESTO PESTO in THE FOOD MILL.
Putting in my request for days off for my bday weekend now :))
if you want i'll let you talk to my father, chancellor of LSU. there's more to it than just the publics point of view....
Just realized I haven't eaten at all today
It was so wonderful to finally meet the one and only ! You're just as lovely in person as you were over phone/email.
Thank you for sharing!
I want the finer things in my life...SO I HUSTLE!
Looking for a fun group night out? We got your Snack Attack right here! Details to coming soon.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone.Peace
So grateful and thankful for a positive report on some medical tests today!
Does it have to start with M?
Talk about a workout! Im hitting them two-a-days on Tuesdays, and today was no joke!!! I'm getting right though!
I guess this is as close to criticism as is likely to be leveled at Nadal
join the Elizabeth Scott campaign today by walking with us in the Tour de Terrace parade! email for details.
Adam12 was just talking about you, after playing DKM and Street Dogs back to back.
I think it's not just modesty but also the gravity or privacy of the purchase.
Of course that's going to happen silly! When are you playing in LA next?
Looking forward to seeing this morning at the ribbon-cutting for the HQin Arlington for my client
please follow back.. :o)
The Lord said, "I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, understanding, knowledge, and all manner of workmanship."~Exodus 31:3
I miss my baby :/ i wish i could jus spend the whole day with her !
RT : Happy 420! Remember to weed your collections!
I am saddened. “: RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
I'm easily confused. Why do I want iTunes Match?
Seriously, especially on such a beautiful day. Granted, the house really needed cleaning, too...
Do you sing in the shower? What are your shower jams?
Talking to you :D
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #food because brunch is a time to discuss problems that aren't really problems.
WPP boss Sorrell displays feminine side on US chat show - The Drum
We are excited to have your UM players represented at The Battle of Florida. Over100 scouts and agents here to see the talent.
idk i was just wondering, im from Randolph County, how old are you if you dont mind me asking?
Today was actually a good day ! Tomorrow should be better !
thanks Mohammed, for RT- have a good week
HERE COMES THE EPIC SHOT TO WIN!!!! #GoDucks!!!!!!!!
All I'm going to tweet for the next week is DC 2, apologizing in advance
XO Skins doesn't have that Orange peel texture like other brands
I concur.
RT: : This is flat out ridiculous. Can we get some goal tending all around?
Ugghh wtf .. i dont wanna talk about it .. i jss want it to be over & jss leave it alone like ..
I wanted to go so bad!
We decide which path to take, but sometimes it's so foggy it's hard to put one foot in front of the other for fear we may trip.
RT : Word hummingbird! ": Candy necklaces are to the neck what anal beads are to the anus. #fact"
RT : A fucking hug is everything coming from the person you love more than anything.
The relationship ended. But the feelings may still be there.
THE ONLY THING I REGRET IN LIFE IS SMOKING. I WISH I NEVER SMOKED.
What a richly colored strong warm coat is woven when love is the warp and work is the woof.
I mean I don't like the Devils, but I can NEVER root for the dirty Flyers. I will always HATE everything about them.
How do I get rid of this twitter virus?
oh Patrick Mills having another good night
Thank you IBEW Local 77 for your endorsement of McGinn for Mayor. #seattle #seamayor ^lb
watch justified on fx its a great show
Who's got c lunch ?
YESS! I'LL JUST HOP IN YOUR SUITCASE(: WARRY GONNA STALK THE BOYS!
Watch out for flying port-a-potties.
Rumors and lies <<<<
Gearing up to do "A Clooney Christmas" show Fri and Sat night this weekend at Davenport's in Chicago! Holiday jazz, ya'll!
Energized and proud after a great visit with the talented team at Scripps !
ActivePrintShop.com is looking for a Graphic Designer!
as it should be...
Schlitz: Leisure's light beer
Miller Park Greinke is pitching tonight and looks outstanding, per usual.
Ravens to have the game of there lives ,Flacco will come out of his shell score Ravens 35 New England 21
People's need more followers come on I follow back Someone DM ME I'm effin bored
Of which kind?
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer
Polish, and I sometimes act like it too #smh lol.curious, live in the city or near by? Yellow nails still?
you have to try to idiot..
Not troubled enough to contemplate boycotting football, but I am troubled a bit by not being troubled enough, so I guess that's something.
Leaving the gym
- I hope it is sunny where you are - thanks for the follow!
ella called me a demon child hahahaha
