that's the sad thing. Anyone who ever tells you you can't do something is really saying "why don't I have your courage?"
I love #WW! Thanks for the shout out!
hmm wonder if the lawyers who are doing the closing realized that, I totally forgot!
yes we do!
oh come on south-sider don't play like they ain't ur Friday night snack!
Lol! Did the refs twirl the nets around on top of the ladder with their final 4 hats on : )
if the pill works it eventually does
just got off the phone with my bank - I can officially withdrawal money in Beijing and they won't think I'm a criminal<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I am 3 years old
maybe tonight I will dream of Blue Dolphins <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Out today on DVD/Blu-ray: Hobo With A Shotgun, Das Boot, 13 Assassins, Of Gods and Men + more!
Chapter 2012 Page 72 of 366 Out on a date with...myself. Taking time to dream, reflect and enjoy the here and now.
TODAYS THE DAY!!! (:
i sent it last night
This Grey's Anatomy death is going to be "shocking" kinda like when Nathan died on Heroes?
Don't let anything stop you from achieving your deepest desires or dreams
good panel discussion
Memphis and clippers is a great series
I love it, the Manning "Hadoop in Practice" MEAP book has 42 techniques for getting it done and getting Hadoop savy!
HEY PPL IN NY AND STUFF THERES GUNNA BE A FREE SWIMMING POOL AND FREE FLYING LESSON BROUGHT TO U BY IRENE . LOL . JK.
Oh terrific! Thanks so much for looking into that. Electronic Law & Commerce really helps with digital-age policy wonking :).
Great game tonight, #gophers - NIT 'ship here we come!
u a clown
If school weeks went as fast as spring break week then I would have graduated 10 years ago.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a condition which common sense can cope with correctly.
RT : Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.~ Buddha
Hey u get my DM's??
It's good to be back...
IR can allow the library to enter the scholarly publishing conversation -
Greyhound racing is fun. I get tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent the things they was previously...
RT : #3WordsOfAdvice kiss my ass <U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>«Dam. HARSH!
Nice tat Kyle! Have you heard anything from CC?
Hopefully dolis gets it done here! Go #cubs !!!
And here in Fla, Bibionidae flies are known by several choice words, none of which I can even strategically list, lol
it's fun.i hope all goes well for your little guy.
hello girls..check out for a great blog post called Saving Face..... it's full of great tips on preserving our beauty!!!!
tomorrow st patty's!
I think Austin put the sad faces because he's up to early, haha.
I love you too <3
Thanks all for the follow today!!! #ComeBlendWithUs !
Just got a new shipment of Blue Point Oysters and they look fantastic.Briny and plump and just delicious with some cocktail sauce.
I am LITTERALLY filled with excitement!
Was LaRussa giving a bunt sign or did he just milk himself?!!
is gonna bring the punk rock
One hour in line at Fashion Valley Apple (San Diego) for new iPhone 4s. Excellent customer service included umbrellas for sun while in line.
Went to gym ran ate lunch now back to work
Every time I watch the vow, I always cry.
Follow Back
Does James Caan's son remind anyone else of an egg?
Welcome to the family! RT ...looks like I'm a Shark :) Class of 2016
how bout dem cowboys
: project shows evolution of sign language from downtown toward UC. @ MLK, it's a sign of black solidarity.
So thankful for Christmas with my family. Loved every minute.
good morning ((:
My old shit my best shit
Driving back to wf :/ all I can think about is mayame ;)
getting ready to record Legion of News with live on www.cascadia.fm at noon! woo!
Well, an all around visual creative. If you have any work, shoot me up at: iam at philipsingh dot co
Kendell Anne Morris is the shit. I love her with all my heart. FOLLOW HER c;
deal! Because I feel like a hermit, and I'm ready to shave my legs and take on the world.
i will but its kinda awkward. Connie called my house and yelled at me because i didnt tell her i wasnt returning.
Who is us?
Like us on Facebook! www.Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany
yes you are redpectable to the ones who #deserve it
night everyone! (:
": they tell me Caddy Kim is a good follow"<---Trust and Believe is the Truth!!!
Once a month, we'll interview a different HubSpotter to reveal interesting facts about what makes HubSpot employees tick
That's taking one for the team
*~heckz naw man i lost my math in the real world and now ima fail~*
whos tryin to grab some lunch
Just remember, calories don't count on special occassions!
Great article, thanks! Missed everyone at also. Got back from visiting family in Ohio yesterday.
Thanks dude (:
Im bout to go pee in the snow.
Little Chew! Too cute!
The geese seem to have decided that Milwaukee is far enough south for them this winter.
One of the things I keep learning is that the secret of being happy is doing things for other people. Dick Gregory
I always think that those are the people who don't matter if you lose them.
I have to go to a carnival to sit there till 11 to sell soda lolol RT : What's all this buying Drew's soda nonsense.
Lol I just ate it for u RT : Forget the ice cream... So exhausted .. My body needs some Z asap.. Nite nite.
me too!! Lol, so good
I'm impressed that the wireless stays on after closing time.
PSA test in 50-plus males fails to conclusively distinguish between benign (BPH) and cancerous prostates. Digital exam remains status quo.
There is something about #weddings that make me feel good deep down inside.
Tyler Hansbrough is a MUCH better pro than I anticipated. You?
Need a couple girls for some photo shoots today. ARIZONA, where you at?
playing the emerald coast songwriters festival
Thanks for reading. And yes, often working on athlete/branding stories.
You ever follow the Flyers cause no one has given them the respect and credit they deserve
In Vancouver at AERA, Harvard Education Press booth.
well that's a bummer for me but awesome for you and OKC!
along those lines - how are things? #needanotherpoem? : )
Hey Vikas! Did you receive our email? Look forward to connecting! TY!
Girls love it whey you kiss her lightly on the cheek.
I am linking all our social media, o yeah!
im wit it you already know
Enjoying my week off. Only have tmrw and the weekend left.
sounds like he's suspended indefinitely
This nigga needs to stop retweeting and come up with an original thought.
u better..lol
Love my brother. Talking to him always makes me feel better. :)
I'm gonna open up a 6 pack of whoop ass
Because my biggest pet peeve is when people cuss, curse, or swear.
Twitter is broken.
Forget guerilla marketing. Think relationship building. Forget selling to your market. Think serving your market. - Chad Timothy
Loving Edinburgh but surprised that the curry:noncurry ratio puts London's East End to shame. Hey, Kismot: Yawp!
Core strength, flexibility, balance, uniform development, and efficient movement patterns - all are hallmarks of Pilates training!
listening to some 90s music and looking at my family tree, its crazy that I can see my greats from 500 years back.
Unfortunately not. Are you? Should be a good one.
Clock Time Lapse
New York – USA (Madison Square Garden) : March 15 new tour of
Happy Valentines Day! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
good morning tweeples... late getting to twitter this morning
Finally seeing THE MARCH tonight! So many favorites on stage. ! ! 24 other kick ass people! Yeah!
I bet! Lol Did you want to cry when you woke up? I'd hate to wake up from a dream like that.
#CNNDebate: #Romney says #veteran benefits should be provided at state level? They serve the Nation, not the state.
It was a great evening-thanks so much! / RT : How did we do?
Yes...for u anytime:) I have a spot but i usually park on street
IT WAS HIS LAST FUCKING DAY AND THEY TRIED TO ARREST HIM. GUESS WHAT HE DID.
Enjoying our spring break around the world. Ambs r in their hometowns, as well as alt breaks from kenya, costa rica, china, and more!
NNRC members, remember we have our sales meeting tomorrow. Watch for connection details.
Thx Bill! I'm always hopeful.
Only one more day for Broker's to renew their real estate license! Go to www.in.gov/pla to renew or www.tuckerschool.com for last min. CE!
:) meep! that would be fun!
And Finlay's match against Rey at No Mercy '07 was the shit too.
Oh my gosh! That iPhone horse head icon reminds me of the Pillows & Blankets episode of Community! Do you watch Community?!
Cant block Kobe though
yea!!! we're confirming a few more fighters as we speak, TBA!
Sometimes I think I'm not suppose to be in a relation because sometimes I get tired of being around people to quick lol
New year = new novel, new webserial, new podcast format, new baby! 2011 was incredible but 2012 will be scrumtralescent
Happy International Women's Day! :)
use that with my advisees all the time
I want to go to Bora Bora!
Between a late softball victory, the thunderstorms and getting paged at 1 & 5 AM, I am exhausted today. I sense an afternoon telecommute.
Listening the the amazing, inspirational story of Cpl. Chad Pfeifer. Wounded warrior, golf trailblazer, PSCU grad.
We just finished preparing all of our bags for tomorrow's Mega-Walk. Hope to see you there! We have walks at 1030am & 2pm. 2912 N. MacArthur
Catch me playing with at for the 1st round of the #IAMFEST 2012
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when people call justin gay
haha no duh. all dates are in the blog post!
I dont think Australian guys are that hot. js. British guys are unnff like (;
What is the best recruiting video you've seen?
Cameras ain't guns
She did sound like doing anything about it was a burden, huh?
Dear sweet followers of mine, PLEASE FOLLOW you can get a shout out too, if you win a round of guess the song! xx
got to love having no gag reflex
Braun walking from the outfield towards the podium.
Always wanted to try real Irish food? We've got it ! Choose from Corned Beef and Cabbage with colcannon, Stovies & more!
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are..Make the most of every opportunity.
A BRAVE NEW WORLD
A vagina is like the weather. Once its wet, it's time to go inside."
#whitecrazyboysays a jewish woman can only wear pants if they have a nice ass
Awesome weather in NY! Hope it lasts.
#Nf , the first one :O hahaha
Lonely... #cuddling would be my escape.
Good Night. Last Day Of March Break.
worm plague
is having the best Voice Over career...ever.
sweet, looking forward to it!
nothing how are you today? Sorry I missed you on saturday
You're insecure, don't know what for. You turn all heads when you walk through the do -or-or.
Libertarios Launch is about to get started! Lot's of good food and good people. Join us at La Condesa. We'll be here till 1:00pm.
oh thanks b-rad!
also it was just long enough for me to learn retirement is going to be every bit as awesome as I thought.
good luck! i'll be hoping it went better for you.
I read that today!! Blew me away. Scary stuff.
I think you are right, unless you consider MLK or President's Day as "non-working" holidays ;).
I'm on it.
Netflix+Spotify+Facebook+timelines+ticker=direct marketers climax
Maybe a little cruise will make this day better
No! I wouldn't be there to go with you!
HELLO TWEETERS TODAY IS CHATTYLINDA09's BIRTHDAY. THIS IS A BIRTHDAY SHOUT OUT FOR HER. HAVE A HAPPY BD LINDA
Hi Java Dock
cuz we stupid basically...
Amen RT Thanking god for another day
How are we going to pay for pub trans upgrades/rebuilds? One word - Sponsorship.
have a great time in Vegas
Commitment is an enemy to me.....
Chrysler Detroit superbowl commercial used photoshopped footage from Madison 2011 protests
Tomorrow sounds lovely about now, but why would anyone want time to past on the weekends?
I'll believe it when I see it #Punxsutawney, Happy Groundhog Day!
guys: tiny bungalows in LA are a-freaking-dorable. cannot wait to buy a house in this city.
Aaron Sorkin's commencement speech was just about on par with Steve Jobs'. Bravo Syracuse.
Still learning the ropes of doing media at big events like this. The journalists literally run after the athletes after the competition.
Thanks for the #FF mention! Made me smile this morning <U+263A>
I never thought I could love someone as much as I love you.
that's what I mean't by white people. Potato, po-whiteo.
Marriott/Courtyard supposedly showing interest in site in El Cajon for "four-star" hotel to open
#PhillySportsTalk baby! I don't think Utley plays this season, but that's just me.
my movie is almost done, the fight scene is almost complete
naw we don't want you RT“: Am i in the oakridge year book?”
Im Waiting Patiently in my P¥R<U+0394>MÎÐ
new favorite movie, Dr. Horrible's sing along blog!
Just bought a round.... got a sweet Latino digging me tonight. Not bad for a fat white guy.
you just keep it together young lady.lol
How sick would and be for a 2013 class
Thanks for the RT!
real eyes , realize , real lies .
Luis de la Tota is in Portland! Workshop s in the Studio this week!!
RT : What part of no drama didn't you understand .. Goddamn you Roger
i wish these advertising eggs would stay tf outta my mentions -_-
Congrats -- you'll have to tell me more about 'The Candidate' when I'm back in CA!
Obama not letting his children watch Keeping Up with the Kardashians is the best policy he's put in place since taking office.
So glad I decided to check out the All Conference Welcome Party in the #txla12 exhibit hall. I got about 20 galleys. Free books!
me too
Irish specialties, seafood, salads, sandwiches, and a kids menu all
I won't be involved, but maybe the Last Letter Game will! That's up to the new Q.
I just posted a picture of the Gordon Grocery Store for you, too. That one is mine and you are welcome to post it to the web.
Check yo' facebook.
Make sure your facts are straight, reporters will quote you word-for-word. If they can’t trust you as a source, you will no longer be a one.
haha whatever. Well I'd be doing most of the work...hehe ;)
Say "good-bye" to Winter with a drink on our patio! Spring starts tomorrow with an expected high of 72 (perfect patio weather)!
Think I need a Ginger ale that was such an epic fail.
did zusi and sapong both get called up to the men's national team? #SKCchat I'm a little behind....
Dummies Gonna Do Dumb Things....And Tim Tebow, You Dumb...
": what does it take to be #1?" how the hell would he know?
RT : y'all dnt get televised? BTW congrats -- thanks and I think its online tho
.. impersonal, heroic, holding a thousand lives in his palm. Once he saw me and smiled, "Do you like my Steam Engine?". I nodded a yes..
I can't help but giggle like a 12 year old boy every time they introduce Dick Button.
lmfao yes dick and dank
Ur icon just made my day
Time to go home.. can not wait...
This is lilyhills daughter. She passed away on wednesday due to a stroke.
Ugh. When do pitchers and catchers report?
If the Talking Heads were food, I'd be obese.
dude your birthday is on National Star Wars day! :)
Bill Simmons: should redo "Jeremy" for . haha
thanks for the follow! the line is almost a go!
I've never been so relaxed && content in my life.
Haha. No. I let them go away from the building.
but can we really still call them "D" town...
Yes sir, still going. Soon will be past 180k.
#thoughtsofjimnazos no shit we,re gonna
Earlier in the week it was National Caramel Day, but today it's actually National Caramel POPCORN Day! Who doesn't love that sweet treat!?
horrible! I'm dying
I understand the importance of building a conscious & responsible generation, & feel that the use of social media is essential to that cause
Making food is hard!!
Happy frappy hour! :-))
First 2012 Show! @ The Hemlock Tavern
ugh people - there is a difference b/w every day and everyday.
Good, thanks! Just winding down for bed :-) You?
Starting RawWeek2: XMas Edition. Not sure if this is going to be easier or harder than last time.
Someone keeps erasing my craigslist postings. There is no reason that I have been given as to why...
New day same stuff but um
Who doesn't love an 80s dance party?
so jealous!
Stevie Nicks >
Kyle Lohse is making 12 mil this year, one mil less than Greinke. Interesting.
this looks way better than the Schlafly map I have for the #DC #Nats stadium. :-/
so follow meeh
": Country accents are such a turn on." That's what they tell me :P
Kid Cudi pandora in the morning. >
my friends friend killed himself because he was a guy belieber an got messed with cuz he liked you an ur music
When you can't understand your teacher's Language, you'll be like "TALK TO THE HAND".
Thanks to Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco. Had a great time! Also, RIP The White Stripes. Also, we love Bill Murray
I get it. Forward Forward Forward. Mystery solved.
a big thank you to for speaking this morning and for sponsoring the breakfast! great turn out!
Free 12oz cup of Coffee with our Breakfast Quiche & Fresh Tropical.Great way to start the week.See ya
and are trending worldwide? Didnt know 'twas that deep.
News Corp. agreed to pay roughly $4.7 million in relation to recent allegations of hacking the phone of a murdered girl in 2002. wsj.com
Getting ready to tear down 1PC to rebuild, 1PC troubleshooting and re-install SuperOS on the work horse may be out of touch for a few hours
Thomas is not fat and if u were a real ICONiac you wouldnt b saying that
Spending my Saturday morning watching Phantoms. Ben Affleck was the bomb!
Congratulations on your tilegenerator. Smart idea. Honestly, tho, for me it's too limiting to be of practical use. Best of luck!
Decisions, Decisions, decisions, we all have to make them, sometimes with limited information.
Love covers faults.
Damn it I hate it when I bring something everyday and the day I don't bring it I need it very badly!!!!
stupid!!! Who the fuck goes to conventions... Dumb
wtf are you doing in Brookfield?
damn u work too much Jc \:
It's on when I see you;) our chemistry is always a chain reaction;);)
Ugh...I wish I could clone myself.
Who are we to play with hearts and throw away it all
Workshop materials are now available on the website. Login to download.
Hey Girl! It is at CPCC, March 13! 3:30...miss seeing you so much!
Presented to city counsil, went dairy queen. Now I'm home talking to too many people at the same time. AAAHHHH! lol rocking out to BOTDF. :D
as I would like to know you is my dream, but sometimes I think I can never meet but Buelvas to think and say never say never
Ayy living that twitter life #Twitte:D
yesterday..Best day of my life <3
We need help in Austin to get Wheatsville Coop to carry Y2C. They need customers to ask for Yes! To Cookies. Please retweet. Thank you!
dont believe anything ppl say thats rite bc they might be wrong
if nothing else, I have an opinion on these guys. a point of view.
" you smell like fear and hooker" "OMG she breathed in my mouth"
I'm good and busy as bee loving it. interviewing big talents for Radio/TV Jason Miles, Take6, Pat Boone, Crystal Torres.
Crazy loud thunder!
lol who u have a beef with?
Thank you for your support and retweets!
Wow today was a straight FAMILY day from the BBQ, to the beatin up my lil cousins, to the music and of course the baby stories
tell her Im going to be seeing her soon ! btw we should do something son! & ill tell her when she gets home (:
just woke up, at first i thought it was night time lol
10am... text me :D
We've been really good :) We'll be sure to keep you updated about tour
The state of IL now owes me $4,000 for trying to tell me I owe them $1,000. If they can make shit up so can I.
enjoying this beautiful March weather.
"Stay ready", so you never have to "Get ready". --- that's for you, Morcio
Requesting "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
we hope your date night with was a good one! Thnx for choosing Ryleighs!
if Peggy were hotter, she'd be the perfect girl for him lol
Have fun! You should get the special "playoffs winning" menu! ;)
I couldnt go on that ragedy ass show i'd fuck them hoes up
Time to erase last weeks let down against the Bengals. I don't just want a Packers win, I want a good old fashioned beat down. Like 45-0!
Remember to follow us on twitter
The last bowl of Frosted Flakes is the best.
I'm on time release and I'm just about to hit -HCD "
Ethics Panel Fines Espada $80000 - New York Times
Come at me bro
Let me sing Sunrise Sunset to you. Ill send you a few of my Frank, Tony, Nat, Type songs. Message me your email address Ill send u 3 Mp3s.
Scanning my sketchbooks!
sorry was commenting on the escaping early for the weekend. lol. I can sorta take no.
TIme to get some sleep, then it's off to the Teddy Bear Toss at the Portland Winterhawks gm. Joining 10,970 others. SOLD OUT!!!
Virtual Fashion View: SHOPPING | WANNAHAVE CLASSY LOOK
Watch out for minor flooding ponding in Northern Waukesha and Milwaukee counties. Very heavy rain next 30-45 minutes.
Yay! ": Rick Santorum has suspended his campaign. #GOP #election2012”
THIS ALL THE FKN WAY
ello mr. bieber. (:
Yoko used to follow me and then she unfollowed me. I am heartbroken to this day by that intern.. U def should follow here tho!!!
Dang, Tebow killed it!
You know we at the top when only heavens right above it.
What a look..LMAO !!
Rising star award winner
O'Boyle, "...bring an exec something that they don't know..." - so true and pays off
It's raining...
Also, I love how the second I stop caring about finding a boy they attack -_- that's so cliche.
"Elephants love to have their tongues slapped." - Betty White
...this itching, aching feeling will not disappear until I write my stinking heart out.
Wow, what a crazy game last night. In the end my boys pulled through, game 5 here we come!
same lessons, much much cheaper price your court or mine - e-mail me
DRINK TO THAT!!! RIHANNA!!
#AGirlJustWants her crush to say EXACTLY what she means to him; And never let her go, EVER
Youth Council Members attending #AskTheCandidate forum. Great to see other youth engaged.
Christmas morning with my wife, brunch with best friends, dinner with family. Its the #Christmas hat trick!
Im baked :P
took over 100 pictures of everything and everyone on 's phone last night. funniest shit ever. feels like
just checked out your web site nice work maybe we can colab soon ! #WSF gracias
it depends on a lot of things... is it hilly or flat for 6 miles? Do you want to be sweaty after the bike ride?
Will do!!
cool story bro tell It again
OMG GUISE. IMA GET TO MEET THE ICONic Boyz on JULY 9TH. AT OCEAN CITY. JJGOIEWAGHIOEHGIOEWJA9PIGEA.
Bittersweet memories. That is all I'm taking with me. So good-bye. Please don't cry. We both know I'm not what you need. (again)
I'd love too! (: followed<3
I am not sure how it happens anymore but I think you will automatically be put on Amazon. Write to Smashwords as ask.
Thanks! Heh, I "worked" on it while others did the hard part. 8-) Maybe you'd like to see what else we're working on?
Cant waait for #dabears to CRUSH luck week 1
@ Thanks for recommending us to
If U follow only 1 rule, let it B this: B yourself. Really strong relationships R based on what ppl really R, not on what they pretend 2 B.
Does photobombing apply to Skype calls? I'm pretty close to Skype-bombing this person's call. cc/
Some people do not realize that I have become so numb on the outside because...I hurt so much on the inside.....---
#SometimesIWonder why my teachers hate me so much
Yay!! We won!! Sandwich time.
Wow Dave Chapelle is crazy...this fat dude is about to get shot...now some dude has to get butt naked.
it was fine... Yours?
Family birthday party this afternoon. A blog post will come either later tonight or even tomorrow when I have more time. Have a good day!
The new shampoo I used this am smells like old lady. Ugh!
i work on us/mexico translation project and she and i became fast friends. i didn't work on that translation that year
This is the last game that really doesn&#39;t matter. Hope he gets all the 3 attempts out of his system.
No problem. We used edu site your freshman year. Their terms recently changed. And we don't use it enough for me to pay.
In 2008, Congress finalized a national energy bill requiring all US passenger vehicles achieve 35 mpg by the year 2020.
I love chapsticksssssssss!!
That and they are putting way too much blame on him. He never gets a break!
Might get to hang out with Allison Bruckner today! :)
whatever i hate complaining on twitter., i think ima go to bed now.. peace.
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would buy everyone that retweets this a new car of their choice
has 2,238 followers now... Going up by the second welcome to the #BBN ... Hope it feels like cloud
Not sure if it went out, thanks for confirming! If you know of any designers, send them my way...
What do nails and an ideal cock have in common? They're 9 inch.
wat up bieber fans
- Wishing our friends at Hasbro a happy Strawberry Shortcake Day!
Boutta shake it &d I just got here, smh! Ain't tryna hear the bs right now....
you and should make a COOL MORNING 3 featuring all the guys <3
Fuck you #Flyers FUCK YOU!!! I hope your bus/plan crashes on your travels back home!!
Who goes to Wing Stop just for their carrots? ...that's who. Ridiculous.
I used caps lock too to emphasize my anger. Lolololol
love that!
oh you got shot? I'm so sorry, I'm sure it will work out, now let me just go get some salt for you to pour on it.
thank you for the referral :)
thought he would be a long term solution. We need a coach that can find a balance between BB+Hunter. Good luck vs #NJD !
for once, someone called me Sir, without adding, "You're making a scene."
I'm supposed to be
Aaaaaaaaaayyyyyyeeeeeeeee lmfao RT : dark skin girls turn me on, so do red bones.
Watching the movie " Black"
you would not! At the very least you would take her to the loop.
Thanks for the RT!
can't fight this feeling any more - reo speedwagon
It's official! I am now a card carrying member of the DC Democratic Party!!
sorry, I meant how can I help you use slatebox for your upcoming event...I am its creator :)
BO announces that increasing oil supply will not decrease prices. He is either an economic imbecile or he is a purposeful liar.
follow me yo .
Stocks drift lower when quiet, not higher as market makers drop bids o entice buying. Just look at today's action
Tonight's food special: A dog topped with corned beef, Guinness-marinated onions, relish & house mustard. Served w/ salt & vinegar chips!
dluishgsdilgjsd im restarting my phone
The outrage should be that NC isn't the only one... by a long shot.
Poor little guy has a fever. Hope he is not sick tomorrow on his birthday. :(
6500 people attend #AAA2011. And pretty much all of them think Gov. Rick Scott is a jerk.
I say hell yea hell yea hell yea, I say fuckin right hell yea hell yea(Purple Label)
YOUR NOT GOING TO WIN
Enjoyed yesterday's talks with back2backministries.org, barefootproximity.com and centricconsulting.com. Thanks for the time and good ideas.
you should see if they'll come in for an interview and just not show up
I just heard someone on the train say that has the best status updates ever! Keep up the good work #SoMed Gurus!
Thanks sharing the love!
Studying my PHP book right now. Going to Full Sail in January, getting all the red tape ready for enrollment.
I hate listening to people tell me what to do
Rep. Louise yet again reiterated that she IS running for re-election. was the 1st to interview her last week in hospital!
i feel lamee now >.<
The are going to win tonight cuz
Tired of all these little bitches at my school.
Moneyball and Manoel de Oliveira's Strange Case of Angelica make for an a-ok double feature. Who knew?
I am so slow
OH: That shirt makes you look like a busted can of biscuits.
Jeans, Tee, flip flops, n my homemade jewelry. Can't wait to not worry about being cold! You wouldn't believe!!!
u and KD can eat a dick
RT : The Interrupters tells the story of mediators striving to prevent violence in Chicago. Great story compellingly told
story of my life
Omg panera in tenleytown is madness!!! Eek!
you did not answer me about lunch next week :( bo
Lindsay Wells family still waiting for a dig to bring her home. Family needs local help Simi PD?
Dear Westport residents: Anyone available to pick me up from the train station around midnight tomorrow (Wednesday night)? xoxo
#ExpertVisibilityTip: If you're going to be on a TV show, WATCH THE SHOW! Note colors of set, departments, who does what and when.
Feeling very blessed that is keeping our family life glued together while I figure out how to do my new job ...
Have Fun GRANDman !! I Hope This Gets A RT =)
Brb. Listening to all of Austins covers. This is a great day. <U+E328>
Won't show mate, bad link
Why Do Older Men Date Younger Women?....answers please!!! thank you.. =)
hahaha in spanish #justsaidthat ya their voices are soothing in da morning
Dinner is served! Dr. Shub coming up next...stayed tuned for a few helpful hints on "The Importance of Letting Your Child Struggle"
That is so freakin gross Aaron..
Very cool, I'll try to RT as much as I can. Knowledge being power and all...
I dunno how you come up with it, but its BEYOND genius :3
I am still trying to figure out how to tweet! #dumb that's right isn't it?
I pray for myself. I love you baby.
The Strawberry Lemonade frozen drink from McDonald's is so damn good, it made me wanna call on Baby Jesus!
yea it is right
Thanks for the follow! Are you at KPTV studios this evening, on air?
What do I have to do, for you too follow me?!?! <3
The market is on tomorrow at 10 am - Tony Memmel performs at noon
same thing happened to me. Makes u want to get a new provider all together. At least, that way you'd get a deal.
CCFBBL2012 live draft is tomorrow at 12 noon.
Let's go Broncos!
yeahh me too , im bored !!! Lets go to the park ,-,-'
#imagine Harry climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
True Grit @ WGA Theater.
thats awesome! Looking forward to it Randy! Your gonna kick a** & take names. :)
Goodcents makes it deli fresh and deli fresh makes Goodcents.
WHEN WILL I BE OFF OF FOLLOWING LIMIT??? :(
#CollegeCash hello from #mediacaht whats going on tonight there?
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
trying! And having fun...
Giving a shout out to some of our great customers and Thank you for being amazing!
It really is good to know. I hadn't put any thought into it until we found possums living above our apartment.
Nobody ever said hockey players are the brightest bulbs.....
Thirsty? $5 glasses of wine tonight, 6 to choose from... or get a cab and try all 6 :)
Plenary session of Eye on Earth conference set to begin ....
you're in sac?
Lovin the Mustache Ride Ale at Stonefly Brewery! The Stonefly burger was also tastey.
In a football game the second guy who is involved always gets the most severe penality. Cause/ Effect!
arrow pointing to a big smile
you're skewing the average for the rest of us.
Lord Tensai is on WWE Superstars?! Zack Ryder lost in a DARK MATCH on his BIRTHDAY?! FUCK THIS!
Art Schlichter, what an incredible waste of talent but he never took advantage of the help available to him either.
nice to meet you! :) had a long day, but it was good. Gonna have some drinks w/friends now. How's your day been?
If you can read my lips...if you got junk in the trunk..c'mon get, get low- Everybody, its time to party!~
Seems to me I remember a Mr Daniels from North Carolina winning at Talla many years ago too.
I hate waiting for someone/anyone to get ready to go somewhere. I get so worked up that I need a medically induced coma.
frankly, I think we are all gorgeous and it's lucky we don't mobbed!
ME TO !!! OMG DATS SO COL CANT WAIT TO MEET U AND HER :) Excited
Happy belated birthday! Hope you enjoyed a day of relaxation and delicious treats
omg love your shoulder studded jacket!!
combining the studios in 2 weeks. Bookbinding+Letterpress=no more running back & forth.Thank God for strong movers! The new space is great!!
Anyone else use Nintendo Zone on 3DS??
Oakland is the sleeper team. Ranger fans are so busy hating the angels, CJ and pujols-we aren't checking the whole division.
I was not there but from what I heard from people that were that video does not capture the essence of what happened very well
I feel ya bro Trust me hahaha and Half the time its just the same #Weed...Same Old Shit, Just A Different Name...
For a completion like a vampire, use Cullen Clear. Go from crater face to 24 karat diamond face.
I feel like shit...
i am so sorry -
My hair is in a bun, I have no makeup on, and I have flip flops on. 3 things that NEVER happen hah.
been there before ....you have sunscreen?
People need to CALM THEMSELVES
thanks for the mention. Have a great weekend!
of course there is alcohol via !!!
Nice to have you with us; what from her talk are you still 'chewing on' out of curiosity?
Janet Jackson - Black Cat
so true. How'd I ever leave that face?
I don't know how he collects his data or whether it's worth a damn, but it presents a new way of thinking about immigration.
When your #dog is off the lead should she go in front, turn and go in the other way she will soon notice and come running after you
CDC: Teen Pregnancy Drops Again in 2010 to 70-Year Low
I heard that's good luck. :) At least that's what my date said when it hppened to me!
Last stat of the evening (and 2011): That averages out to almost 16 images/day.
People really just know how to get on my last nerve.
What the heck? You think Monopoly's going to make a fortune? You've got to be kidding me, Lol.
It's Jake's big 30 birthday tomorrow. Post ur b-day msgs on Woodjocks Facebook & we'll get them to him!!
here's another investment idea: turn the jones falls into kayak/rafting thing for adventurers. have to clean it up first.
Wondering if you ran away would anyone care..?
Alright team, this year for Lent we are giving up losing. So WIN!
8 Careers That Pay Less Than You Think
Ready for the #NewYorkKnicks' second game; I just pray that it is not like the first, which I frankly think is impossible to repeat.
Hey lady, can you remove this tweet. It links to my desktop.
Odd craving. Do they still make Tang?
So how long does Limbaugh have to remain on WABC before you'll admit you were wrong? Can you give me a date?
I HHHHAATTTTEEEE POWER OUTAGES!
Its real dumb giving up stuff for #lent when you're not even catholic/religious.
Damn that greater-than sign!
you guys make handsome #sparklers :)
More Rizzo - "No one has ever accused Cole Hamels of being old school."
a perfect day in January 50 & bright sunshine love it
finally! Now maybe can hook you up with that 'PIGA NDURU' drop that makes u go craay.
I DID!!! Got to try out the new floors. You can do Triangle on your mat now. Best. Triangle. Ever.
YOU iS!..YOU BEEN BALLiNG ON SHOES FOR THE PAST TWO MNTHS...
u are truly rockin Turtle Power
WasteCap + its clients have diverted 638,915 tons of construction and demolition waste from landfills, which is 266 pounds per person in WI.
Loving the start so far.
": “: Tonight, we are young...” had it stuck in my head all night haha! :)" told ya :D
I've never seen it.
THIS WEEK! I told her about bad dogs hahaha
I know I'm it
The radio is reading my mind right now
hello humidity ...didn't see you there
that was awsome i thought he was ganna bail at 1st but he didnt....
let's go green and hitch it. though after reading Allman's memoir excerpt in I'm not feeling like thumbin' it
nice! love c -falls(the backroom- best ribs ever), you know any of the boys from the flips wilsons, john or arron allen?
I am more shocked over Davy Jones than I was over Whitney Houston or Michael Jackson.
your welcome.(:
#dearfreshman: Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass, it’s about learning to dance in the rain.
if it's nice....got into a thread yesterday on a piece I wrote about grading and I'm feeling sensitive.
only one way to find out. Barf.
rocking Bamboo tonight with special guests!
Wow... hoping all my friends in Boston are alright....fill me in.
1st thought: In a world of Kardashians and Lohans, classy Kate Middleton is a breath of fresh air.
Exclusive: North County mother forgives two men accused of killing her son, says stop hiding and face justice.. Tonight only on NBC 7 at 11.
daily cardio is your friend.
#ImRobertsGirl A&F JUST ROBS GIRL NO ONE ELSE
Oh that's you! Duh. I saw it courtesy of google alerts. My piece is totally dated pre-Occupy in contrast to yours. Say hi to BW!
I shouldn't have mentioned my birthday. Now is strategizing on how to send me a muscle porn singing telegram.
#RealNiggas will always and forever run from the police
Ping, you're it.
Trip to Decatur for new running shoes and a Belgian white from Hope Coach is proud!
Our film this Saturday is TWELVE O'CLOCK HIGH, starring Gregory Peck in a #WWII tale of aerial combat. Starts at 1PM!
My first draft of Birthright was 86k and my most recent is 120. It may be less than that when I get done and cut/add.
Congrats to Octavia Spencer on receiving her first Oscar!
* he dont believe , trust me , blah none that shit .
Goin to ball in the sunshine:) <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
All Dilla set = perfect
A succinct and humorous speech from an inspiring writer, and a lovely day at the Hudson Children's Book Fest. Fun!
..and that's the thing. I want Pittsburgh to overcome those deficiencies. It's a different place to me now.
My #CelebOfTheYear is Kate Middleton!
All my pleasure!
U know I'm hungry when I'm quiet....
i think i just saw -- he's that guy wearing a green shirt
Success for Managers is: Time to help my own people realize who they can be, not just what they can do.
You sly devil you.
is hosting author Ellen Schreiber of Vampire Kisses today in the library
Its got some sick beats man!! Nacho is pretty raw an loves talkin bout bitches and drugs, but its prettys rad man!
Practice was straight, we got dat squad <U+E016><U+E016><U+E016>
I will never stop using the 'xD' face, makes me not feel awkward
Surprise DJ set tonight feeling good, will channel through turntables and out speakers tonight!
When you really calculate how much $ it costs a business when their people don't speak English, how do we not teach more of our people??
So excited right now; I'm headed out to 's opening at
we're sending and to the NY Games Conference tomorrow - will you be there?
Hey! We still need to catch up!
Merry Christmas everybody !!!!!
Psycho music tweets this to me every so often. No clue what it meansRT : Veeeeek! Veeeeeeeeeek!
another month and ur back right?
Hi and ! Thanks for following!
Why would Derrick Rose need up to a year for his ACL to heal? Recovery time is usually only 7-8 months.
and people think guys are creepy...
RT : RIP, Charles "Skip" Pitts (b. 1947). That's his wah-wah guitar in the Shaft theme, among other prominent places.
You never can sleep on the Spurs, they have debt, shooters, playoff experience, and defense.
Mailing out more records . This is the last of them. If you want one, buy from the label or the distros. Interpunk is the cheapest.
Tonight at both clubs its COLLEGE ID NIGHT! Get in for just $5 with ANY college ID! You can just make one up! We don't care! 317-255-4211
This food going down !!!
I want my own bobblehead. Can we get one that throws pizza?
god, i'm so messed up in the head. i need help :/
im off for now. happy new years everyone!
And do a lil shopping too !
Jesus. Closers are over rated.
Appreciate it , excellent! RT is brilliant! I know a bunch of accident-prone Canadians that I am going...
Ditto! :D See you on the 19th?
My grandpas response "what the hell is that?!?"
Healthcare episode of the office is one of the funniest. Ever.
Thats right! Homies for life! RT : I love BFF talks with !
Overall it's great, feeling great. Training is slower than I expected, but time is at a premium these days. ;-)
#twitterlies RT she'll stand you up at the movie theatre, don't trust her!
The babes at work so Im bord.... I guess i have to watch a movie...... or something......
home yes. <33
there was a machine that analyzed the composition of food and would ID it. Someone put their hand in and it said bacon. 1/2
I freaken LOVE my new luxy hair extensions!!!! I bought #2 and can't stand how sexy they are!!!!!
Michele Jansen here...after 10:30 would be great!
I am a flu fever face but I did get to see the steam rising off of the next door neighbors roof at dawn this morning
I just want to know if I can put my PILOT in your COCKPIT?! Please and Thanks!
Especially at a reputable establishment, we are getting folks from all over the country, most just passing through, its called networking.
3 years from one of my favorite songs: One time<U+2665>
you should of brought me and in the first place!
If you aren't always thinking about the user and their needs when developing a product, you've blown it
June is here! And our busiest month of the summer! BBall Team Camps kick off 6/17 and Volleyball Summer Camp starts 6/28!
No sir, not me. Too tired. Everyday I'm hustling...... Salts
Who knows who Vera Bradley is? No straight male...
& don't forget too! RT Hope to eat at Next or Alinea one day soon.
We only see what we choose to see.
#FF I adore her so much <U+E022> and she is so gorgeous and so nice to me. (:
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Oh, you like that huh?
I wanna kick your ass ! Ass, Grass, Gas ? That's all? Yeah kissing your chicken? F**k a dog in the ass?
sox pride runs deep.
you're always my number one, just don't tell the kids.....or the cat Hugs
"you can't get something for nothing"
- I'll be at tomorrow. Bummed I couldn't make the Hackathon today, looks awesome!
omg it would be the coolest double date trip...okay im getting to carried away ..never know how those will go so yea.
Nate Silver has arrived Looking forward to insightful talk on the election. Great to see strong student turnout.
in this case, why is losing jobs okay? We have 10s of thousands less jobs than we could should would if Walker had compromised
thank YOU!
This is who I am "live for nothing or die for something"-Rambo
I don''t think there will be another band that harmonized as good as the Eagles
What is anatomy?
No doubt...#M&TBANKSOUTH
Don't borrow someone else's plan. Develop your own philosophy and it will lead you to unique places.- Jim Rohn
Thanks for following, Bethany!
are you a slut?
Why is it news that a RHOwherever's cat just died? Really universe?
Made quite a few sacrifices in 2011. 2012 has got to be the year of ascent.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. —Will Rogers
it should be #sorrysis for waking the kids up! Haha
To all those going to #MSHSProm: use protection, tip your limo driver, and request a Backstreet Boys song for me.
rememberd when i said i'd go outside and yell i love sam pottorff? i did, now my neighbors stare at me weird. lol
If this were AOL private room KoRn in the late 90s I'd be leading right now.
We have an arbitration tomorrow.
Great time at Santacon my dude. Can't wait to continue it at #SHMafterparty! we are gonna crush it homie!
sorry hun, that's rough. hugs
You always pull off whatever hair-do no matter what
RT When people think their the shit. Get over yourself. << but I bet they know the difference between "their" and "they're"
All I can say is that I love (:
I just did it because my dad had 6 months to live. Were he still alive I might still be a bachelor. Thanks, dad...
That's kind of up in the air depending on tonight, but if they lose, they'd probably play Wednesday.
they came to the digi tour last year if im not mistaking.
Looks like the start of something great! #gfree pies
Great visit w/ Campbellsville University partners today! Thank u for having us out to tape the Dialog on Public Issues Segment
Consumer activity comprises most of the US economy — $10 trillion of $14 trillion total. $10 trillion is half the global consumer market.
ABBY PLEASE help out a local ROCHESTerian one time please retweet this and have everyone VOTE so i can win an engagment ring
At least ESPN keeps airing this D Rose commercial so we have something to be excited about in Chicago.
IT'S PLAYING HOLY, OMG OMG OMG
ManU Report: Neville joins Hodgson's England staff
This Thursday, March 1st at 10:00 a.m. is the grand reopening of Philbrick Hall (formerly Philbrick Popular Library) at Central Branch.
Today just got cooler!
Some hosting companies are way over their head!
they talked about harry and caroline on sirius xm today omg
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Giant Eagle - VICODIN -
The evidence the jurors saw in the Amy Senser case. Nearly 130 pieces: photos, 911 calls etc. How you can see it all on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
wins female vocalist! Yay!
Dexter Fowler just keeps hitting. Huge three-run shot ties it up.
u need followers
#startnorfolk #WTF what's the fix? Transmit check engine codes and get repair qoutes
A former inmate of the Central New Mexico Correction Facility in Los Lunas says a captain of the guards raped him repeatedly. So: a lawsuit.
Andrew Zimmern is ridiculous. Things r probably crawling inside this man lol
When does article on the V Magazine??
of course, you can never go wrong with "bright lights". like I said, it was my first time hearing him. what's yours?
Adventure Time is the best thing that has ever happened to the world. :3 I love everything about it! <3 And Jeremy Shada is just amazing
MIXED GREENS SALAD - With Orange, Cucumber, Jicama and Green Olive Vinaigrette
Did you know the Owl Bar is serving Batch 19, a pre-prohibition lager?
Just donated half my closet to GoodWill.
Mom: what's that show was in? Me: Reba? Better With You? Mom: YES BETTER WITH YOU I JUST WATCHED IT ON NETFLIX IT'S AWESOME!
Yep. The episode where the LA Connection run from the law. and Officer chase us on Mopeds. LOL
Bless the conference organizers and hotel staff for having available!!
IMLS core values in the strategic plan - working for public good, integrity, collaboration, continuous learning
hm,,i think I kinda like him,, this relationship might work out after all.
Thank you so much! Can you also tell your followers to vote for Germany? <33 Because you're an amazing and big account. <33
thanks homie. It's been good.
Day off. Post office, Trader Joe's, and a nice run with my Oh and maybe some Games of Thrones re-runs
OMG you know they did a track!!!
Oct. 3, 1894: : Ives moves into 76 South Middle (his Yale dorm); begins at Yale College.
Shitty that Micky D's ain't got the Strawberry and Creme on deck <<<<<
We are #ripcity Come Blazers!!!
they are very good friends they should join us yes
i followed
[zz]The Most Important Algorithms (in CS and Math) » strongczq<U+7684> ...
Thanks! Right back at ya
lol that don't look like u?!:)
This Friday March 16 is Say No Bullying Day throughout Australia. Wear Orange and take a stand together on Friday around the world.
No one wants to go to school. Why force it.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that ASK a lot of fckin question #sitchoassdown somewhere <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Do you ever open old stuff and wonder -- for a second at least -- who wrote it? That's my fav. Def recycling, in best way!
one day. haha. i gotta head to bed. tweet you tomorrow :) goodnight! sleep tight! and dont let anyone in your room.
Here we go, second half! #LAKERS wake up!!!!
Why do you have to be so hot and live so so far away?!
Love me some #Bearwatch!
just made 51 hits today on my blog, which beat my previous record of 50. So yeah, maybe not earth shattering, but it is a coo!
#AAJA Denver meeting at Asian Cajun, one of new wave of Viet-owned Cajun restaurants from post-Katrina New Orleans.
Yay For President Obama For Supporting The Homos. :D
John Bylander is going to to NYC and we are playing his depart-y at The Annex Theater in Baltimore on Friday!!
I wanna drink some caribou Lou with right now!!
Just tilled yesterday so the dirt is fresh and fluffy. If we wait, it may rain and pack the dirt back down. Conundrum LOL
Rain or shine all of our farmers will be looking for you. Put on a smile and join us wet or dry
Got Bieber Fever and Simpson Syndrome
will you ever do a COOL MORNING 3 with ?;)
My flirting game is off
Watching a hummingbird in garden...
its all about how you say it and whether or not you're intending to do harm by it.
isn't that what Z is saying?
Thank you!
Welcome to The Igloo Philly... NOW GET THE FUCK OUT!!!
watching the last episode of #desperatehousewives sad that it is ending =[
Adam Sandler!! :D
We have a new bubbly by glass ~ Foreau Chenin Blanc Brut Vouvray Loire Valley! Come check it out!
There is NO excuse for a father NOT to be in his childs life.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>loving the cornrows
The cocoa pebbles commercials make me want them
I'm in need of some TacoBell, GUESS WHAT I'M DOING TOMORROW :D
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit
yea u were real fake lmao sad
Its some wonderful trivia knowledge right? :) - Lina
So I saidd.."hey,why don't u go pick on someone ur on size?!,u dont have no GD reason to mess with her. WTF did she do 2 u? Huh bitch?!...
When you want wisdom and insight as badly as you wanted to breathe, it is then you shall have it.
Coming soon New Single From Miguelito Lamorte & The Chino Nuñez Orchestra
haha oh you know I would ! But I have my final today too .. And don't be too hard on .. She's on summer break
thanks for the rt and for helping us use social media to reach beyond the walls of our classroom! My kids will be excited!
Tired all day but when it comes time for some sleep I can't fall asleep
What tie should I wear at the District conference? I want to look sharp when I'm up on stage.
Thanks tho. Life's what u make of it. Keep what works well, scrap wht don't. He keeps me honest & confident.
The new site looks cool, and I do like the new features. I do miss having access to seeing Friends posts. Will that be available soon
says "No contact with EA Online. Please try again later."
do u like my new background!!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna say it again because it's spiritual: the seasonal Espresso Stout is something you don't want to miss.
Big Things Coming Soon....very soon
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns are tied at #23. Despite Clevelands 2 wins to Jacksonvilles' 1, the ...
I always forget how good you were in Old School! Ole Dean Pritchard.
Mildly windburned after walking around metro with the hubby and the dogs
AT MATHS : rocha : good morning gustavo(me) : (silly face) ... gives a slap to Rocha as always as everyday xd
RT : Rachel Roy Introducing New Shoe Line After nearly seven years-set to hit stores this fall. Via WWD
Can a student major in entrepreneurship or is the topic best if incorporated in all majors?
I was right, none missed me :(
Wow. Not a win
Yes. Currently available online, and we ship to your doorstep anywhere in US! www.westcoastscrapple.com
Playing on an empty stomach is always a bad idea.
my love gave me a kindle fire, mommys very happy
Who knew we'd ever learn how to shuck an oyster?! Looks like it's time to update the ol' resume :)
haha I'd be honored:3
pleasure was mine. Looking forward to the events.
im kinda late but there was no hw lol
3 years: Over/Under on how long it takes Justin Bieber to develop alcoholism and a cocaine addiction?
As long as you have not been off the #HCG for 10+ days u can usually just start again. No gorging or anything like that.
if I give you back your necklace and we lose, it will be your fault.
No firm date yet, but springtime is the usual release time.
And we are back to Monday
No ma'am. Part of my "job".
How'd your first year go? N man idek. Prolly late summer hopefully. Me n B missed the last couple trips.
it was when logan got slapped in the face>>HAHAHAH lol but don't get me wrong i like all of u!
When you don't like someone's status, because you don't care about their opinion.
It's from an episode of Portlandia.
Great turnout. I'm sure you killed it. Looking forward to the encore performance tomorrow.
I might not be THAT old, but I'm proud to say that I'm an avid fan of the Beatles :))))
well I'm team PM all the way, but that picture made me happy.
Great last night here at BSU. Going to miss the bros and Stay fly this summer ya'll.
Intrigued by diigo. Has anyone used diigo educator accounts to facilitate class sharing of links?
I would be there SO fast!
A system is a repeated course of actions - a way of doing things - that brings about result.
Thank u for introducing me to gary clark jr. He is bringing back rock n roll, love it!!
Nice to see on tonight. I miss
We would love to host!
I've never heard NOVA and "Off the grid" in the same sentence before! Glad you had a good weekend.
There gets to be a point in life when not learning isnt fun anymore
Please shut the FUCK up, if you're saying you don't like people in your business but you're still putting it all over the internet.
thanks Sterling!
Yes captain, I had a WONDERFUL afternoon! :)
I noticed that! Wonder why? Twitter too scary? : )
IN APRIL are you following TREND'S??
Happy Halloween i hope you have a great nite
Thank u!! RT “: happy birthday... s2s2”
same thing I said.
I'm loving my new iPhone 4s.
4 months :D
Just had a rehearsal/camera test for an upcoming outreach video. Looking & sounding good, now to secure a location for filming.
That's good. :]
Thanks for your tweet! Have an excellent day and week!!
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. -Napoleon Bonaparte
How are you all doing?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. :)
Do I sense judgement? RT“: you'd take a cock in the mouth for Cal though”
Ooh C&B is nice! I don't feel bad at all, I really like most of their furniture and am also pleased with my mad decorative skillz
Ryan Reynolds in School of Life. just watched it. Great movie!! i recommend it to anyone out there :)
Truly believe God, you will worry nothing! I found that is not every one who goes to church on Sunday they believe in God.
hey I haven't talked to you in a while ha
Do you agree that college athlete play to pay everyone else except themselves? Discussion on Costas tonight on NBCSN
Hey does anyone watch the show mike&molly? Last show of the season tonight.
this song i am listening to >>>>
I push everyone away. All the time, im sorry.
I need weed and god lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Been there. Good luck
the Egyptians never called their phaoroah's kings. They called them phaoroah's, Kings are rulers in Europe.
Never the one to gloat...but I do this fashion shit yo.
“: It's sad to me how often we let God given opportunities lapse because of indecision & fear.”
especially from suicide. Please, If you know someone (even if you don't really know them) who wants to commit suicide try and talk them
Thanks for the Feedback! --A member of our Support team is reaching out now.
4 day weekend ?
RT : Did you know you can text a librarian? Text your question to 66746. Start your first message with AACPL. Response asap
no problem. thanks for following back
#angeles Glendale Low-Voltage Contractor Announces Special Fall Offer for Installation of HD TVs in Los Angeles County
I didn't sleep at all last night...what's the joke
Nothing ass hoes on deck...
Watching old episodes of The Walking Dead <3
Hey CC. I'll send a small version of your logo to your omail account.Thumbnail version
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow's TROUBLES, it takes away today's PEACE. - Unknown, from a Forwarded email - but I liked it!
161 days until I'm 18.
Would it be wrong if Tiger blurted out: "I wanna kick that porn star in her money maker!"???
After you've heard 2 eyewitness accounts of an auto accident it makes you wonder about history. - Bits & Pieces
I'm so tired of seeing these girls with duck face & titties hanging out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
well they aren't voting for Obama so they're called racists by the left
can't wait to join you man, NYC is inspiring!
Mahomies: When we party, WE PARTY HARD.
Heading to a final lunch in Sparks for this academic year.
thanks for letting me know. My question is why would it be a scam what do they have to gain from it?
curing the pain??? :)
what, what?
Got Transportation ?
drink on it with good ky bourbon.
The International Balloon Fiesta starts Sat. The Pella Store is on the way! Alameda Blv. NE Ste A. See or call Jeff.(505)362-0529.
Is there anything more unnerving to this semi-germaphobe than when the sensor on the public toilet flushes while you're still hovering?! No!
you should have always known that. Lol
Halo Modders Form Xitol Softworks, Working On Zone: The Battleground The latest attempt from a mod group to become a legitimate design st
Loved your outfit last night - so well put together and so comfy
Layin out seaside
i would say about 18". some insane drifts of 4ft+ outside my front door. its just a mess!
Glad to hear that! Are you guys playing?
knock knock. who's there?
Florida state #UpsetAlert #UpsetCity what a game
currently sitting on my suitcase lol
oh derek
Dam cold hand at the craps table?
Well I'm pissed, I feel like I was just called ugly and fat at the same time.... From my boyfriend!
hahahaha that zombie thing is so funny
My back is giving me killer pain :\
I still have the old Tweetdeck on my computer. Score!! Now I can tweet again without going crazy.
NCAA gave you a path to success, stop being a victim of the system and running your mouth that these athletes are in a choke hold
#orphans8 Jay Schwartz presenting after a screening of 'The Jungle', a film made by and about black street gangs in Philly.
Why thank you for the compliment! RT : I'm finna make some nachos and attempt to make them as good as
I got some Kleenex for your tears. Lol.
Your what hurts....
“: All women are crazy! #Nondebatable” been learned that bro
Frito Pie homemade deliciousness today for Free lunch at the Wesley. Come get some free food @ 12 today. Bring your friends!!
I hate that Proactiv is the only thing I think about now when I hear the word "proactive".
I'm nostalgic abt *first* time I surfed the web, but I doubt my new niece will be--she won't remember it as something new.
Laughing so hard it hurts
Yeah but 150 cals, 50 cals here and there adds up when you are watching the total cals
We're playing a show tonight at The Speakeasy in Lakeworth, FL with Sleeping Giant, Gideon & much more! Come hang out & buy some merch!
Hey, don't mess with our tribute thread!!!!!! BITCH!
RT": Learn to accept criticism. I'm not perfect & neither are you."
Good suggestion. What's not to love about an armadillo? Better than some fat old white dude in need of a shave.
Im trying, i really am. Its starting to get harder.
I love cooking breakfast.
You are so desperate and it's hilarious
take yo black ass to bed
Markland Hanley and its founders listed in Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers in Product Liability
Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.<U+2764>
and all the howling she does :) lol. Thanks so much!! She was a killshelter pup- her and 12 others.
Thank you ALL for the advice re:splitting into two Twitter accounts. I guess there's no easy way to do it other than just do it.
S/O to for being a little hottie
my bother sucks at singing .
school -_- at least it's FRIDAY :D
Fuck The Egyptian Army.
Wow! iPhone crashed on startup and spit out a bunch of line code. That was a first.
how bout them redsox!
Thank you I will send her your regards.
Thanks for the follow
LOL you're sweaty. Don't touch me
Feeling cranky...don't know if I will red tomorrow. Must be tired from all that snowblowing...
A real man isn't defined by the number of girls he had, but by the number of girls he told "I'm sorry, but I'm taken And I love her so much<U+2665>
I need a contact for northeast Houston for our food event in 2 weeks. Coca Cola products will be there. We want pepsi there too!
hahahah #billpaxton. That's what's up!
Thanks for following me, I am follwoing U as well, nice to meet you here on Twitter
theres only one way to find out lol
"Love me, love me, say that you love me."
Follow and GET 1,000 Followers
When the game is on the line? Can you handle the pressure?
This sounds like a really special thing to do for Mother's Day!
FYI, if you "lose" a book from another county's library, it's $125. Not doing any more library favors for friends. That was a dick move.
Adding new castings and news right now in Virginia Actors' Forum Group. Go there right now on FB!
Blows my mind that the stands at #NCAAsd aren't always loaded with local age group teams.
happy birthday <3 I hope you have an amazing day (:
I'm a 37 yr old responsible adult who just wants to play online poker while there are real criminals out that needs to be dealt with. WTF?
When I grow up I want to be like Ip Man
Sources: Another SDPD officer accused of misconduct, this time for allegedly "fixing" tickets.
Did my PM about the project come through to you?
I can't afford it right now.
Feeling better from this horrible cold + found $10 in the back pocket of my pants =
hey thanks for fowllowing me on twitter
Cant wait to get off work and get home to and the kiddos and see my boy !! #maxpayne3 tonight!!!
Ahh i been Good man, Planning coming to see my younglings at vp soon. Aha but Wassup, How have you been?
Dear God, WHY do you know that? We're breaking up. RT oh no, grandma wrinkles died??
Lets see what you got RAYS!
an indian man at target just made me try on several articles of clothing to determine what size to buy his sister.
Glad to hear that. You always feel better after yoga :)
OMG homecoming was live!!
"We Did Not Fully Envision the Challenges That We Would Encounter" Obstantiam oppeteremur plene non prospeximus
it's tough to do across the board... Any races coming up?
Now have 1 in Mexico with 9 fetuses; I blame the Dr. For endangering these women's health & failing 2 check 4 mental illness
funny! rt can you say cliff hanger? I thought something was wrong with my tv & then I saw the mask...hilarious
Love getting these weird looks while out in public wearing my onesie. Lol
you can't stay still, huh?
Who went out and bought the album ?
I will take time throughout each day to tend to my needs just as I would tend to someone I loved dearly.
Sessions makes me mad.
anyone have any knowledge of an embeddable, collaborative list maker? (Not like tada, but something that's totally open? no invite needed?
Some things really are phases... #overit :)
Just too perfect...in my eyes at least
good to keep an eye on to see if they changed, but doubt the point still stands, Meck didn't turnout as much as Wake did
Had a great time at the TowsonTown Festival.. Man, the weekend flies!
i love that my biggest problem right now is trying to see the computer screen despite the glare of the sun. #spring! #baseball!
tonight and Bryant, Paul and Katie serving up drinks all night.
Making this nighttime deadline with the assistance of , and a glass of W.L. Weller Special Reserve.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Get from in front of the t.v you made me get shot dammit!
what is this about?!
This Friday I'll be playing at the Bugle Boy in LaGrange, TX. This is a great room folks - mark your calendars!! 8-10pm
Definitely. Come by after. Who are you meeting with?
Consider it your good deed for the day. You made them quite happy I'm sure.
Any Songs From Cocaine Muzik 1-4 U Got None But Classic On There!!!!!
Wow, 3rd base umpire rough on check swings tonight
I like this
brought my 10 & 8yr old boys 2 c u last nov. We loved believe! Best vegas show I've ever seen c u soon 4 sure ;) xoxo
I'll take one large with a side salad. Just watch out for Artwalk patrons when you drop it off.
diggin grizzly bear's track "two weeks"
i was freak out...
I'm in #Virginia!
LIve To Give - Give Away #1 - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Live To Give is a weekly project where Demet.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Back from a delish Indian meal at Masala Jacks in Cotati. Needed to get fueled up to watch the Giants on TV
I feel sick. Time to raid the medicine cabinet.
“I’m the franchise so I rock my own chain/No I(D) said give ‘em that '80s cocaine/Something raw something pure so I stayed in that vein.”
Mega Millions winning ticket sold in my hometown. Congratulations! Checking with family and friends now.
Case studies show this product is use full for 100's of disease's Restores the True You What Can It Do For You? Http://lamininehealth.com
RT: Join our for their chapter leaders meeting on 3/8 at !
ice it
sure thing. “: Aw, thanks you two.”
Selling a red electric guitar, used with one strong broken ( but could be replaced, reply if your interested in negotiating.
SOMEONE GET DAVID PARKER OFF TV NOW!!!!
Lets go chris paul and blake griffin lets get it
RT : A good date ends with Dinner. A great date ends with Breakfast.
Thanks, I checked out Leadernet.ca as well. Good job!
Drabek just entered the courtroom.
*goes to check the HOES my brother has on his shit*
air force
i agree. Tupac was the exception. He wrote poetry b4 he rapped. A lot of rappers, like Jay-Z r very poetic, but not poets per se
permanent, sort of. those were archived webinars for purchase, but we'll be updating with links to watch/listen for free
Santini&#39;s Mythical Leda and Swan Image Removed Due to Bestiality Charges
it must be quite a sight to see me in traffic belting out one of your songs, probably one hell of a listen too ;)
oh idk then sorry
thank you :)
Off to teach dependent and independent clauses. Anybody want to fix my sentence fragments?
I'm kinda startin to miss talking to
“: haha ever done that ?” lol, no, but I should really try it.
My bad and for ruining the workout. :(
no point to give away head phones she they don't send the mother fuckers out to you.
They've called me ugly, stupid, fat and weak. But i know I have plenty of strength beauty and power. I believe b/c confidence is my choice.
Sunday's were made for watching golf, not playing. On a day as nice as today, shoulda played better than the 93 I posted!
that's what I'm doing! Minus the hiccups. And also add mountain dew.
that's what my nephew calls me! Same!
"I'm gonna get me some fuckin' Fazoli's!" - drunk girl walking into Papa Ray's Pizza.
oh how awesome:) it must suck to be moving schools tho. I should know, I came from Texas and moved here 4months ago it sucked
Nov 12 is the official Grand Opening, so save the date :-)
same and also waiting for my best friend to come over =P
so your good deed wll set you free !
Sacramento officially getting an arena!!? That's pretty tight!!!
Had funn w/ My fellow 2012 classmates tonight...just us few hadd funn together , : ) !
Thanks so much!
your dunk over the KIA was impressive, but we'll give you a free tee if you can jump over a school bus.
It's cold and windy and pouring and there's something beeping and its freaking my shit completely out. I'm genuinely worried.
haha ok that's fine. I'm following her now!!
ha! Don't hurt nobody out there lol
Oh...fLux! You don't wanna know what I thought! Thanks for the follow. Hope you have a chance 2 dig u some Skwirl! Best & success!
Thanks so much Amanda! You're awesome!
The #Cavs are way off #chalupa pace
Ok. I think I'm going to root for the Romanian kid named Zoltan who punts for the Patriots. That's a sweet name.
#Morel starting in the 2-hole again tonight...I mine as well be hitting in the 2-hole.
#Broncos select Derek Wolfe DL Cincinnati with the 36th pick overall in the NFL Draft.
NO. I got a cold and can't breathe to well so not sleeping very good.
ha! What's next? Silly String?
did you get a g1? I was looking at them today... my TMobile contract ends in January, so maybe then...
Consider following soccer fan
tried posting to the LADL/NDPL message board but was timed out and all was lost...
I am considering going back to using Outlook b/c my eyes hurt from looking at the screen. And I can't even change the theme!
I now have 500 followers. Pretty bizarre considering how bad I am twitter. But Thanks for being number 500!
do all mammals have bellybuttons?
The comment system has a number of bugs that would make me hesitant to want FB as a news platform.
I'm ignoring that slight because I ONLY HEAR WHAT I WANT TO.
Sometimes I think I have never really found my way. I just grew accustomed to being lost...
Sure was convenient tho, no? 'Now don't you get all focused on your careers or something, cause then you won't be able to make babies!'
RT : SB: UNCG tops Radford in game one of their doubleheader, 4-3 in nine innings. Eileen Horsmon knocked in all four runs.
Friend: "So you're surprised that a guy wanted to sleep with you that you met on Grindr?" "Well, sure it sounds stupid when you say it."
I did! "I Feel Like a Freakin Pervert!"-
Now I have a shit ton of caffeine in me and cant use it
he's pitching lights out today... Bullpen better not f up his performance
Jackson State just got slaughtered at Spades! If you count a three point victory as a slaughter...
I'll send it to my faculty if that would help or is that too many from one place-
Adobe's latest CS version 5.5 was introduced today. Nice chance to ask questions to Adobe Evangelists via Facebook. And all were answered.
The commish is in section 15, 4 rows up, 3rd seat from the aisle towards center court. Let's impress that little shit in the second half.
Don't mind my boobs
true...plus waistline expansion.
The Sundowners Social is tonight at The Drop. We welcome Mati Mat and Billy Beale to the stage to share tunes with us. 10p-2a.
i'm not sure:)
last meal in ny- russ and daughters smoked salmon.dear god it's beautiful.
RT From : if you want copies of my slides send email to .
nvm it was about skins but it gotanswered.
If man does his best what else is there?
Unfortunately not yet We may look to in the future, but for now we are focused on supplying the USA.
I hate being torn in two directions
watch where you step.
Let me just say it... and for the record... I miss HARRASSING
RT : How about a big round of applause for our #VOLUNTEERS! Thanks for all you do! #NatlVolunteerWeek RT!
#HowAboutWe stop jumping to conclusions and take a second to find the truth
For the time being I'm on my Wwf grind and super fun new scrabble/boggle hybrid Scramble. Start a game with me, I'm Far Flung
"Projected Markets"- Beyond government or comm sats, where are the markets that justify investment in new space companies?
Guess who's going to be a fantasy creature this Saturday?!?!....
So much to do this weekend! I need to be Ms. Productive. Then I can relax and eat all the cheesesteaks I can handle in Philly next week!
Baltimore - Towson is having it's most glorious day of the year today! Get out and enjoy it.
did I see you on fremont strEet yesterday?
Mahomies have mad #swag!
“: RT if you watch family guy.”
One last drink of moonshine at Hole in the Wall before heading downtown.
When im about to trip on something , I think about it , analyze it, and say fuck that it's way to small to trip on.
I do remeber my first client-my first cut,corrective color,and full body waxing was on my first day!
- Alrighty You Gnee Head & do that . & Lhh Girl , It Aint New , Just Only New Too You . This My NEW Bf thoo .
Can I Live???
who are you, what in the fuck do you want. You had better read a person's profile before saying shit, ms Tallahassee
I love Major Payne one of my old time all time favs.
I thought about it too. I usually like being right. I don't want to be right.
#ConfessionTime I really wanna say "fuck off" constantly but I always have to be diplomatic :/... Hate it
But of course belated Happy Birthday to you:)
I'm thinking we could collaborate on some #prezi projects, for and
Guess #oomf can't text me no.more
do you miss the snow?
Have fun! (I'll be attending this con vicariously through you this year, you realize, so tweet well, and tweet often.)
As I sit Iam over here thinking about how much fun I had w./ Tiffany at ha old house I love those days cracking :))
Hell Yea Everything Gucci This Way, You Good?
barry is no longer my soulmate. he has left the building.
I think its time for another quince this Saturday? ;D
I love you , cheer up <333
still it was just awkward and i wasent grossed out or anything but still :(
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. - Franklin P. Jones
wow jealous. love her!
pretty good value with REDS +139
Thx for sharing our post!
I ordered two. Stay tuned for twitter fashion show!
#obamacarefacts Under Obamacare, all organ transplants will be subject to a cap and trade system.
explain that the Phillies sucked your entire life except for a 5 year stretch
I need to give my mouse a break sometimes... It's working overtime!
LOL. Hell yeah. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
TCF bank sucks
finally getting around to upgrading all my indexes from solr 1.4 to 3.5
do I win?
glad i am not alone lol
the resurrection as the second half of the story. NTWright would say the R is actually the climax.
The worst part is that if i did what she did id be grounded for a year but of course cause its my sis shes not even grounded for a day
Worst outcomes from this went through my mind
lol birthday shout outs with swag
NO interest payment plan for IVF! Yes it is true. call for more info. 310-209-7700
The newest Backroading w/ Matt Wayne video. with Clayton of
I should not have been allowed to learn how to talk like w00000w.
It's amazing how people that u been fucking with can fuck over u
My wish , for you <U+266A>
Not even Fulton Reed and Adam Banks would help the Flyers now.
Going to sleep for 30 mins . :)
guess the answer is yes cause you'se a
Damn I post ALLLLLOTT :) oh well
Congratulations go out to the talented cast and crew of with their big win of The Audience Award at !!
#KristenWiig's fan site linked to my blog: stagemomma.wordpress.com. :-) Very cool. Check it out: kristenwiigfan.com
The Beastie Boys are (or were, I suppose?) just so cool. Amazing staying power, videos, ability to reinvent themselves. Sad day for music.
Just watched a Twitter segment on the Today Show. Way to go David Gregory and Team!
Wasn't my rendition better? ;)
Thanks for helping spread the word about the situation in WI.
thanks 4 that tweet
Thank you :)
Get that you mean immediately recognizable & consistent, but what kind of look do you have in mind? Fonts, art, etc?
Let it be known that i would love to have a snow day tomorrow! #dearlordbabyjesusipraytoyou!
Judging Someone or Pointing Out Someones faults, will bring that same judgement on you! Be prepared to deal with it! God Bless You!
all sold out
Still miss vacation sun, so I bought some things for my little office to brighten it up. Hope it helps. Hard to write. Got to shake it off.
A.P. Is going to love Los Angeles
PAJAMA MEETING!!! RT : Nice chat with , think we can call that a spring summer '13 planning meeting
So glad you don't suggest choosing between Nutella & peanut butter - we can't live without either in our house!
but unlike mr. five moves, I have the complete skill set, no fumble-rooski! :-)
Please RT ... Put your phone down & drive safely. April is Driver Distraction Awareness month.
k. thanks.
aye sexy I love you
Of course one of the only drivers I like is more than 30 laps down.
ah!!! Let go!! Thanks for that!
Stop covering every dumb thing you do up with "Yolo" you have to grow up sometime
No longer secret.
tyler davis diserves it i dont care what mr big P said!
I hope I have people to share books with in person soon. So much more fun than mailing :p
U Smile <3
From to ! On until noon and then until 6! Just having fun. :)
Thanks Dale. Appreciate the mention and notice on this milestone.
Always march to the rhythm of your own drum ~ 's grandad
Online education to be a gunsmith, locksmith, electrician etc. helps hone your existing skills. Contact us for advice in any trade
FYI if people decide 2 park undr P&L its only $2 if u say ur going to Johnnys(if there are even spots available)
The more extreme powers of a Roman pater familias (unilateral divorce, execution) were rarely used in practice
Do you have a facebook..?
IN Quotes: "The only way to live with honor in this world is to be the person we pretend to be." - Socrates
Time with 3 OnBase Solutions Specialists from & they speak both OnBase & English. Thanks Hyland for all you do for the WSCC.
Just enjoyed a great dinner and a couple craft beers. Watching the !
How do you think the NFL should have handled the bounty roles from the Saints players?
Thinking about only buying passive aggressive gifts for Xmas....hair thinning shampoo, XXL outfits, weightloss pills...etc.
watching a movie
George Strait sings spanish on his new cd! I love him!!!
I been thought that too girl!! “: lorie is on my shit list. i been thought she should've died. #TheWalkingDead ”
Yeah(: People are being really selfish about this!
:) much love!! RT : S/o to one of my favorite DJ's in Houston & if you don't know this kid, get to know him!!!!!!
Sin night tonight and every monday 8 to close. Half off all rails, calls, and most beers?
Except don't watch the JATS-Con webcast session at 1:30. Nothing interesting happening then. :)
New michael kors!
So weird tv
Do I have any Twitter followers in Portland? If so, drop me a line --
hahaha shut up that was not what I had meant to say!! lol
Doing some "spring" cleaning while the weather's nice. Open til 6! Last today to check out Project Einstein!
Its awesome!! Love it.. coffee hyper lol
Well man crushes are a lot more of an issue
ok brain overload, time to step away from the computer and take a walk, lol
Don't be afraid if you pop-up in my school because imma wish for you on 11/11/11 (:
ur not following me..... either so whats up
Mean shout out to even more when the guest has your tv in his hands
I'm living fast forward!
I think you follow His tweets about baseball ratings are mind-blowing to me.
I kno .better wake up lol
*Gets Ready for shower*...*Do weird stuff in front of the mirror for like an hour.*
When your parents de-ice you car before they go to work>>>>>>
everything ok?
Lisa and Kim lol
The Dodgers didn't issue a single walk in tonight's win. This marks the 1st time The Dodgers have gone 5-1 in 13 years. Not too shabby!
Remember show and tell? Still applies today. Try adding video into a course to reduce training time.
uh I'll be close lol. I have an internship in Indy starting in August. Defs have to see each other!!
Watch my friend 's new youtube clip of him being Chloe. Oh and follow him because he tweets much more than me apparently.
Chris Davis!!
you're the best ever thank you so much <3
Great win for the Clippers -- depth of this team is scary. Imagine if they had a healthy Chauncey Billups.
We got news for ya Denton! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
i dunno fagface did I
Hm. No-data-highly-equivocating-gut-answer = IF the "equal" domains are high authority I'd say false - take the many from one.
“: Just whooped inn this 2k. Who next?” ha yall niggas is sick for gettin off work on the late night and playin 2k
I guess I'm lucky *Scorpio*
"Hey can I borrow a pencil?" "Yeah but it doesn't have an eraser" "Life doesn't have an eraser" "That was deep man.."
Oh abby wambach, some people love her, so people hate her, i will go to my grave defending her!
126 and counting! I am loving all my new stars. Thanks #AFVMother'sDay12!
Staring at a gray Karachi sea
Tried to crash #alamw11 but was turned away.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Absolutely!! Can't wait for you to check out the new place. And we see the JofM info in our lobby. Was that you? :-)
you better
Taking my How To Teach Online class is going well--better than last time, where I was snowed under with grading and scampered out of it.
I felt the same way about launching a tumblr page but I see that it's exposing my "brand" to an entirely different audience.
I believe that is day 6 in the new p90x
thank you!! Life saver dude
He told me let a real man take you out says he gotta couple whips and some money he's tryna spend on me.
Ladies Love Me, I'm on my Cool J. <3
At least I know it will put a smile on my face haha :)!
Thanks for the follow. I grew up in Cincy!
Forget the risk, take the fall If its ment to be, it's worth it all
congrats on graduating.. take the L by storm next yr!
Goodbye Lillian Bassman. Thank you for all of the contributions you were to the worlds of photography and fashion. RIP Lillian Bassman.
Glad you liked the article! Surprised by how many people aren't aware this is a serious disorder… not just a picky eater.
Everyone who guesses right would receive something from the shop of their choice - for free. Too cheesy, you think?
No need to rush it we got forever!
“: Ice your own kicker, great call jason garrett” dumbest thing I've seen in a while.
#bobbybrown is a fucked up mess. He shouldn't have been there at all if he can't respect his child and ex wife
you first tho ;)
Even if we're not going to Coachella, I vote we still dress like it. For the whole Coachella weekend. Party on the front lawn?
Yes this weather sucks.. But Summer is so close.. Hang in there Milwaukee!!
hey we haven't talk in a long time I think
I need to stop trying so hard, you'll never love me the way I love you
It would be nice if those "most" told those who aren't to "wise up." Some still have antiquated "inflexible" policies.
bro so hyped now lmfao i miss ya beautiful face
"For the past 3 years, email newsletters and alerts have been the number 1 source of information for hill staff, esp. morning"
Waiting for mine to arrive!!
Was this over before, before it ever began? #yourlipsyourliesyourlust , Like the devils in your hands.
Vision Therapy provides patients with a non-surgical alternative, enabling them to overcome crossed-eyes, double vision, so-called “lazy...
Just back from dinner at the best Mexican restaurant in Corvallis - so nice it's walking distance!
Thanks for helping share the music!
girl, u know i love you, mar mar! :)
Wrestlemania!! The biggest day of the year!
Just 'LOVING ON GOD' will change your entire perspective of the day and of your circumstances.
OMG did you and Katie love each other? Can totally see you two hanging out. She'is the fucking best.
Come to LAX
I think Sendak was a moonlight wrangler. He made the dark corners of childhood into something exciting-- a lifelong lesson.
Cairo ground rule double drives in a run. #Brewers down 6-1 in the 9th.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Louisiana Employers
Watching talk down the seconds til polls close is like DJ's trying to talk all the way up to when lyrics begin in a song
what is this TRASH you just sent to me o.O
It's clear this OKC Thunder stuff is serious when clubs will cancel bands to show the game!!!
#Cosign!!! RT : Fuck Stress HAVE SEX .
Awesome. Thanks!
Ohio State's suffocating defense helps turn a meager 62 points into a victory
Them #AlabamaShakes is a rockin' bunch!
i so want to be there! won't be able to make it though. :( cc:
Hard to concentrate.
rain drumming my ceiling, comfortable bed, just need a #cuddlebuddy and I'll have a perfect night. takers?
HEAVY D I MUST SEE THIS PERFORMANCES !!!!!!!!!!!!
how do u get to be it?
Can't get away? Check out Travel Bk Clb @ Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ 6:16 p.m. & let books take you away! :) [Innocents Abroad by Twain]
so $75 all togetha n is the overall quality gon be bad because of the picture size cuz ill jus say fuk it n jus do my cover
omg we stayed watching that at your house! ha
im buying tickets!!! :D
I think we're still in the library but I'm not positive.
It is superfun when HR gives you a different answer this time than they did last time.
Mixtape finishing tonight! #finally!
THE WALLS WILL OOSE GREEN SLIME
That's an interesting analogy. :) Teams the size of HP & Dell r bound to change, right? Both r good teams, different playbooks
Hilarious new video - the Most Annoying High Holiday Fruit - Promo for our fall class
Enjoy your 1st marathon Monday!! Peace out MD! I'll see you in 4 weeks. Until then, it's time to head back to the Bean!
science can never prove it as that realm is not physical. Science can only describe physical phenomena
Finally trying out - NYU area eatery bucket list!
At #tobykeithsbarandgrill with !!!
You guys should ask how long I've been trying to get him to the meetings.
*face palm*
Night shift really does blow... ive missed so much.. four years.
Yeah. Be careful.
I sense some darkness with shades of light piercing through.
and need to tune up our YouTube page using this PS template to amp up the design of the overall channel
I wanna slap those bastards for booing Teix.
Say something in Mexican! “: good morning!”
Idea: high school kids would develop tour of Historic Filipinotown using Nokia tablets
Get up in a Flash. (only other Justice Leaguer I could use in a similar fashion)
Beeeeeeaaauuutiful day in dc!
party was a hit at #sxsw!
let the bass cannon kick it. BEEAAAAAWOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW
Any recommendations of places or areas to stay in Singapore?
Retweet if you love the
Come meet the cow from 12:30pm-1:30pm! Purchase a shake and fry and receive a free chicken sandwich!
Be Safe Nashville!
I like how Olmstead name-checks his books (both Coal Black Horse & Far Bright Star) in Coldest Night, a la Barton Arms in Miller's Crossing
omg there are other people who have hash tagged big boob problems too! Hehe
Mesa Del Sol is going to be awesome!
Those who are humble enough to know they must learn a new skill will succeed in this new age.
Did you go to Antarctica for summer? Or?...
R.I.P. Mr Dick Clark. Thanks for all the memories.
Having trouble getting Zen Coding bundle to work as well. The standard command to convert is not running.
In need of some good loven
parenting tips raising
u still need a lift to wittenberg
depends if you're British.
Yeah, hook things are useful. Clocks are fun. Lamps are awesome but I don't need more lighting.
15 minutes until the polls close!! vote now for our HC nominees for #homecoming queens!!!
Pathetic. Gotta regroup get ready for Saturday
My life sucks right about now...
The road to hell is paved with Tweets.
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help???
thank we think so
You should be live wearing a towel.
Braces off. >.< iFeel Weird Without Them. :3
He's too big an investment to just run out there...his Dominican League play recently showed he could use time in the minors
What program is/was Looper edited with?
Be sure to check out the new exhibit in the Lewis Gallery: Maine Maritime Museum's "Port of Portland: A Ship-Shaped History"
thanks for the mention!
We're working on a few new projects! Dakota is recording some solo tracks...follow him! . Dev is showing at NY Fashion Week!
Our holiday table is usually too full of food to decorate :) the kids get to make place cards and we have a festive tablecloth
Jamaican style! Glad you could enjoy the fruits of your labor!
"I'm not bored, I'm a pirate" - The Office. (I love Thursday evening TV)
Aye u c this chick...yea she look good..mayb but she a Butter head..a wah? everything look good But her head #lmfao funni shid
Thank you! And I'm proud of you too! :-)
Unfortunately, I did have a strong play #KyDerby #horseracing BTW switched to from
My pleasure babycakes
It's funny cuz it's true! RT The Internet: Enabling hypochondriacs since 1995.
#NeverShouldYouEver think its ok to try to fwm after you cheated on me.
Got it! :D I couldn't tell that was vomit!
am i late for the beta?
send you a link of a jump I was on, A guy had a cigarette roll but came out ok. The chute open up just before he hit
RT : doing any spring cleaning this weekend, here's a few great tips | tips for a #sustainable home »...
RT : Lunch a Day Giveaway! Follow & Retweet for chance to win one of our $7 Speedy Lunch Specials. "1 winner/day"
What do you think about listener Ed's email? Do you think federal income tax is a good idea?
Ha ha! It probably does. ;-) Tell me what you think after you're done!
Add on surgery that kept getting pushed back for various reasons. Got the game on in the OR though, ha.
Lightening bugs!
Good luck this weekend!
Shoot! Well, I'm only 90% sure. Need a place to stay, etc.
Fuckers at my work got me sick.
I know... Characters & storylines that people actually enjoy get booted
Lol, yeah, I can believe it. People are caught up in the whole celebrity aspect of it all. Stick with the Canadians! :)
i love my brighton! simpy the best!
i rally cant wait to see LET IT SHINE
You are welcome, New Yorker!
So what is better a Commonwealth or State Governor?
Happy Easter ! Headed up the club.
Ass up, nose down.
CIOs looking to address "The 3 C's of backup concerns - cost, capability, complexity": Dave Russell at #SolveForward 2012
Laying out on the docks.
Both #GoodLuckEleanor and Good Luck El are trending. I was thinking she had medical procedure or surgery but a test? A test?
Family Dollar you will be my bestfriend as I come in Desperate need of some hardcore cleaning supplies !!
like a G6
#Cherryh, Betrayer (Foreigner #12). fast-paced anthro/socio/psychological SF series of navigating thru an alien culture, brilliant as ever.
aha .. happens alot ..
Can't wait for the Megan Good " It's all good " marathon this Saturday on BET !!!! Oh it's all good!!
Yeah there's definitely something wrong.
I love #twitter so much #GoTwitterGo!!!
RT : Interactions are the brand of your museum !
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose." - Dr. Seuss
Ah! Gotta love a briefing.
Christopher Plummer, easy for Best Supporting Actor
Faith. Either you have it or you don't. Doesn't really matter if it's in family, friends, or religion. We all need to believe in something.
Good Morning Nancy! Good luck with any news coverage you're doing this morning!
;o I wish!How do you make that the smiley face is in 3D?(;
Come to think of it, Steven Stamkos looks like a younger, blonde Geddy Lee!! Maybe he will be traded to Columbus & help get #Rush into HOF.
Haha. He has about 6 or 7 signs. They include "unemployed porn star, need work" and "voted 4 Obama, lost it all." Tears of a clown.
It's still on.
RT : , but no #MirrorOfLove - yet.....maybe they cant afford 79p to download it
UK fan pulling for Purdue tonight. Beat IU. They deserve it
No thank you
Pretty sure this was the greatest weekend I've had since my trip to Nashville with some co-workers. That's a hard night to top.
totally agree!
Words I've heard 3 times this afternoon: "Let's have one more... and order some food." Still haven't ordered more food. Lots of beer though.
When I PPV a movie, I always select for it on all cable boxes. I'll never watch it on those but it feels like I'm getting better deal.
Fuck physical science. I'm tweeting.
lmao hell yea
Automation, integration, software streamlining. We. Are. The. Best.
If you're blaming Lebron for why the heat lost u have no clue about basketball n should never be allowed to speak again
Fight ova a nigga.. Not I.. Rather Dump Him and Say Fuck You !
Haha good call. Wonder where he did go to college? Probly NC State!
when 's gets going the smartest among us will be tuning in.
congrats to u and ur family!!!
Back from Indianapolis--tonight, Apostrophe reading of student creative work at Brookside. Come join us at 7:00 pm!
then#igrill is the bomb
thank you
She has lung cancer.. But there's other stuff that's wrong with her but the dr s don't know what's wrong with her soo
when will they be on it?
Awesome - Baylor ranked No. 3, Missouri No. 5. Looking forward to the game in Waco on Saturday!
Would you rather get a free movie or free popcorn?
Word RT : I like the idea of a garden too, but one that grows food you can eat PCV love food!
grandma likes to party, eh?
Tomorrow is DECADES day! Seniors, we're 80's/90's so dress accordingly, and remember -- keep it Catholic!
are you alright? you seem upset
Ah, okay. Hands glued to face; all is restored. Nevermind. Now, time to vote on #Artwiculate! Yay!
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender"
I love Pump underwear .. Need to get them on the show!
All is well with me. How are you doing?
RT If the state proposes that it be allowed to shoot you in the leg&you talk them down to "stab"this is not really a victory
To innovate you need a vibrant competitive & predictable market which the US lacks. Cart before the horse syndrome.
S/O to MEMPHIS, CHICAGO, BIRMINGHAM, and ATLANTA...what a MF trip!!!!!!!!!!!!
Son's on a basketball team made up of misfits. Oy, it's going to be a long, losing season.
The Modeler forces Batman into an identity crisis by registering different URIs and FOAF profiles for Batman and Bruce Wayne.
No #DRose, no Joakim.. doesn't look good y'all
thanks for the RT!!
you can&#39;t look forward to the past-take care
I'm glad you liked it! :)
It's funny when two people sit and talk shit about you. While you're right here. #bitches do you have anything better to do.
I will never tweet about sports.
Haha. Why of course! All the best.
Just made some pumpkin bread with ! Yay for lazy Saturday mornings!
Hanging my ten foot tall "Monolith" today at AOT Gallery in #PortTownsend. Glad they have high ceilings!
RT": Question isn't will Obama cut a deal w/Reds after election, but why is he afraid to tell public his plans before the election?"
I'm still stranded at home...for a while I guess. It's not doing much for my morale. eh..
It must be the Honey Nut Cheerios.
Are you still going to have live music upstairs when you reopen? Jazz?
I am too pumped for this weekend.
oh no!!! Maybe it's not meant to be. Wet pants are not good.
[swishing tail] Back at ya!
If you don't weep afterward, it's hardly sex at all.
Fml..woke up with a nose bleed and tasting blood :/
time to hit the push and pull ups
They Medusa Mythology Exam is a challenging 50 question multiple choice test that covers a great deal of people, places, and events.
Thanks to for his outreach to our organization. Our members are looking forward to voting for him tomorrow for DCYD President.
and yet you still ignore it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Been awake since yesterday at 745am, was up perfecting my craft just finish writing bout to take a nap n get back up in 2hrs I DO THIS
Erica Cipolloni with RBI single to left scores Skinkis. S. Harris is tying run at the plate as Tech lead is cut to 6-3
Just got the kit as a gift and I'm SO excited! So worth it!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust423
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach
Glad to see #MattFlynn is coming to the great NW!
hey fam you got time to meet up with me, chop it up on this music
Stay Married RT Rapper, actor, dad, producer, now suspended for the saint's bounty involvement...what can't Will Smith do?
I think is an awesome DA. Nothing but respect for her performance in office. She's my 2nd choice for mayor.
Didn't have a chance to tweet throughout the day--& I don't mean to leave anyone out--but I just loved PKline's line-up; thank you!
Thanks for the memories Donna Summer.
great article! People are always resistant to study abroad because they think their major is not going to be offered.
Flavorcrests are delightful! Just ate one and am about to make a sorbet. Will teach peach kanten at my class tomorrow with these
Petrino, Best Buy CEO...sadly, few storylines are more predictable than powerful-man-in-questionable-relationship-with-female-subordinate
check out Housing Works, they have great stuff for cheap
I would guess that "Check Your Head" is among the first 20-30 CDs I ever bought. IIRC, it may have been a Columbia House addition.
In other news, my condo is for sale in the Northern Cincy area. Contact me for details!
. student describes her 1 hr commute to/from school everyday to access better quality of education
Haha I know, pretty wild. Thought it was an interesting read. ps thanks for helping my klout score with the RT!
you may not want to here this but I actually hoped him & Riri got back together-_- cos they make the cutest couple EVER SEEN aw
This nigga tried to go in thru my shit.
ill show you what wasnt!
Dealing with court and probation officers from my break-ins last year. Apparently they didn't get the paperwork. venting. Grrrrr
writing about battling public opinion polls -- does public care about global warming? Or not? Depends on which poll you check. Why?
when I worked in an LA studio, the rumor was Linkin had armed guards guarding their servers so the music wouldn't leak online.
Bad boys are no good. Good boys are no fun.
Want to get involved?! Her Campus exec is taking applications now!
Damn bassists.
if you do ill come
hate you.
im so fucken hyped for this game tonight aahhhhhhhhhhhh
Sex aint bettr than love but love dnt do nuthn but cause pain
aww I'm sorry :( why is it ending? Didnt u buy a ticket to the show?
off to stoke the
it's rough. when's your last day? mine's the 16th
is back from the beach and switching into job-search mode.
Well done thanks to clients like you, ! You're a hell of an art director. Love what you've been doing for First Ave.
Thanks so much for pointing me in the direction of Noise Trade! I shall grab it and review it! Thanks again :)
stoked is my favorite word
At rehearsal. We open in 9 days. Olympic Village Black Box Stage.
so what do yall think is worse: staying up or going to sleep but waking up everything 30 minutes?
Save LATER-Ricochet Coupons - 1 hour massage $49 - Vancouver Spine www.ricochetcoupons.com/vancouver-spine-and-orthopedic-rehab-center.html
You know where you are? You're in the jungle, baby. You gonna DIIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!!! ...Only Kidding! Welcome to Preseli Burgers, Table for 2?
I'm sure they think 'Hon' is better/friendlier than 'Ma'am'
rationalization is a winner's tool. as is procrastination. it's like tiger blood.
Congrats to former TW players Emily O'Rourke & Mackenzie Reese on helping their USC-Aiken team to a conference tourn title & berth in NCAAs!
flexible n our exact loc. Waiting to narrow down where I'll b working 2 help narrow manhattan apt search.lots of moving parts
Ugh, no! Btw, we're planning on a summer trip to , the Southern Tier brewery. It'd be great to see you. :)
sexy walk
. Prob bioshock, but that will be awhile. Prob gonna get alan wake download after me3
what are they doing?
I just really miss my cat.
My friend just texted me a pic of the Louis Vuitton she just bought in NYC. I literally turned green.
#LastTimeIChecked Your my teacher not my mom . so what makes you think im giving you my phone?
Happy Birthday ! Hope you relaxed, didn't worry and had lots of homebrew.
Its illegal to post stuff that makes someone look bad on the internet like a photo that has been changed
At bier and plunged.. What a cozy place.. :P.
I don't really talk to people I dislike & people wonder why I'm so quiet but how I am on Twitter is how I am if I do like u #understandthat?
My stomach hurts :|||||
I can't send a message to ya because you aint following me :-0 my ID is Nirro add me. what rank are you?
Poor squirrel never made it across the street alive #
And losing in a SO in the semis sucks. MT : Winning in ot and going to the championship is the best feeling
Thanks for the mention & RT
yes I am
Neither of them stopped to think about me. </3
are you here!?
Thanks for all that cam out to Thee Dollhouse last night. Fb is suspended so you know it was a good one! Boat time!
RT #Sagittarius people are better teachers than students.
re: social media, I think blogs and FB are less intimidating to people than Twitter but I try 2 use them all!
hi love u too
er, RT : very fun working with on mobile design - it'll be fun to get folks playing it soon
My nails are cute, I love lilac colors.
Watching Bellator Fighting Championship. Chandler vs Alvarez!!! What a great fight, they're both throwing bombs!!!
what are 'things im not betting the double-wide on' alex?
fake ass people these days !
#IN we're very excited to have you on board!
Can't wait!
The A to Z Mystery books by Ron Roy! They were my favorite as a kid.
Heading to the Hamilton 16 IMAX in #Noblesville for #Avengers at midnight. Are you going tonight as well? Send us your pictures!
RT yess!!!! “: Group txt has changed me n my niggas lives!”
Exercise Boosts Brainpower "Exercise increases energy levels and increases serotonin in the brain, which leads to improved mental clarity"
I've been waiting for a tweet from you for the last 30min
I dislike Obama. No me gusta. Not at all.
It starts out with Drew Franklin pulled up to a Taco Bell with Bel Biv Devoe Blasting from the car speakers.
We are planning our Special Events for next year...any event you would like to see at Zuma Fun Center?
RT : "There a guy, [Brandon] Hardin," said Bears special teams coordinator Dave Toub. "He jumped out at you on special teams."
Absolutely - we'll have dedicated program pages coming to our site this summer. Until then, it's all on the student pages.
One last presentation left to do. Bored.
Our website is undergoing some construction so please call us with any questions (310) 205-9008
my house would be a whole lots fresher if I host the #GladeParty. Would be glad to have some glade in my life!
think positive & keep your head up at all times! You can compete w/ the good players cuz you are 1 OF THE GREAT PLAYERS! #ijs :)
create another one of your tidal waves of monetary support for something MCA supported
what about Nick?
Michael tried to convince me Neil Diamond's "turn on your heart light" was on the soundtrack to E.T. Wiki says "inspired by"
Excited for Louisville tgis weekend
Community managers should be social in nature.
Cool! Especially since I wouldn't know a dangling participle if it were dangling in front of my face.
Auction time!
Packer time...here come the Packers...too legit to quit...
I assume you saw the post about all the folks who thought Green Arrow was in the Avengers?
Hiding the feelings I have and can't express #noitsnotabouthim<<<<
My favorite pink cardi was ruined in the washer :(((((((
Let's see I would give more money to those who help keep me organized and going! :)
Why do i stummer when am talkn to girls.its so hard:'(.
you think?((;
105 cappers with action posted in today's games and 3 NBA, 3 CBB, and 4 NHL consensus from their picks
This is so 90's RT : <small><strong>late night at the office, i am one with my html tags</small></strong>
hey u got ur wish
nothing much jus chillin on mg my day off :) how about you?
Agreed. Didn't miss anything this year at all.
Thanks Lionel! That's one of our fave covers ever. Beautiful house, beautiful people! Where'd you pick it up?
A bag for your head would help.
can you please explain the hacks to me so I can watch out for them?
Just heard fabulous remarks from pres teaching award recipient Terry Bouton Makes me want to take 1 of his undergrad history classes.
A liar is forever a liar.
"Can we just take a moment and realize how quiet our table is right now." "It's cause Alex isn't here."
Just watched #contraband for the second time I
Oh yeah! Fleshgod Apocalypse on May 5th!
This series is fun.
What! I bye follower fools followers :P
I'm providing roving reference at our Student Center for campus study day. You see some different faces from the library regulars this way.
And the #Reds are now 1.5 games behind Taint Louis. Hopefully we'll see "Cincinnati" on top of the standings by the end of the weak.
Apparently: IHOP = Socialism.
Real spending on travel and tourism increased at an annual rate of 4.6 percent in the fourth quarter of 2011 - Good news
Everyone in my academy( biology, English and history.) is fucking annoying me and Allison today.
yeah, are you?
Don't you know that I'm toxic ;)
Ok, you've got it. I'm number 983!
YAY!!!! CONGRATULATIONS!!!! :D
just got a new app on my phone so i connect on all my social networks
I want phill Jackson to do a documentary on coaching Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant
currently watching
New to twitter. Where the heck have I've been? LBVS
I'm never reading any of The Hunger Games trilogy before bed ever again. Ever. Because that was a WEIRD dream.
I just ordered my Ukelele. :) When i get it i will play you a song :3
#IGN Boards (new boards) back up now. Thanks to & moar
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Building your visibility is not an overnight fix. Consistent effort over time, w/some smart moves & lucky breaks too!
Thanks!! Yes I will definitely be out there soon, hope you have a great one too!
What exactly are they ruling on??...if the substance was in his body, even unknowningly, he's going to suspended yes??
LoL RT : Shouts to Nick Young. Finally got a chance to show his talents on a big stage. He also is off those bum ass Wizards.
First time on a train and wow... SO MUCH ROOM! And the seats recline! Bigtime!
oh idk..0.o...oasis the cuz ur friend aiden posted a pic of a dude playing a pokemon game lol.I thought it was u :3
no prob on the rt chk out my beats on myspace.com/djlilsyn
thanks, Delegate!
sounds great I am always looking for more local people to play with
Today I was yay my last day that I have to take my mom to work, then I realized noo tomorrow I have a early doctors appointment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
FAH DIS HOE TO HAVE HA ASS N DA AIR, POPPN HA LIPS TO PARTY ROCKERS ANTHEM
Volunteering at Dell Children's tonight. It should be fun!
RT What's the Soup du Jour? It's the soup of the day! It's Chicken Tortilla. We just added15th beer to our list!
Leadership Florence 2012 was great today. Learned lots about education opportunities in our area from very dedicated professionals.
LOVE DONT LIVE HERE IN THIS HOUSE
“: Dudes in the bathroom blazing. "What's that smell? Oh I'm just boiling some agua!" #ThroneFlight #BestFlightBacktoLAEver”
Had a good night!!Getting a few hours of shut eye!!
I am excited to party with the team after the event
We are National Champs!
great #StopKony post on your blog! It's easy to get lost in the hype and ignore the realities of the situation.
I'm using metanote but then have to login and individually set to markdown via info. Thanks
So u my counselor 2nite lol
follow me for more Ebony Teen great anal
I heard you also have many leather-bound books and your apartment smells of rich mahogany
what do you need help with?
Just uh freelancing for uh MillerCoors...
it does suck. oh well, next time ill get caffe vanilla
hey I'm right next to you! follow back? (:
lol yes I am. You don't hit me up, you don't come see me, you stay trying to play me, I'm throwing in the towel. Lol
#WorstRapLineEver Any lyric uttered by the disease that is
Omg so happy!! Havent been able to get on twitter for like 4 months! Now i can:)
RT if you could see me as a musician. Favorite if you could see me as a actor.
Hey, you were on my nametag as someone to meet. Too bad I wasn't able to catch you in a hallway today at #tedxaustin as well.
RT : you don't have to be afraid to put your dream in action.
all you do is lie
k lol text me the time wen you kno
YES! Come play, you guys! RT : Can #alliclass and the dramaturgs combine forces?
I love so much. , u have NO idea how lucky u are. Never break his heart, PLEASE
‘Tis the Season for Shoplifting, Nashville Crew Shoots for Macy’s
I hope you know you're a beautiful person inside and out <3
I'm lonely..
Graduation Guarantees you nothing its who you know when your done that Gets you a Job..
I know I'm trying to be strong, this is gonna SUCK! Omfg well atleast in 6 months we can see him whenever<3
“: You have me mixed up with one of your boys.. I have one girl & that's !!--> hmm interesting..
hhhmmm...not bumping into u today then
trying to figure out how to get everything I need to last till monday with $40
is pool hopping at Wet Republic, Tao Beach, Bare, and the Venus Pool in Vegas. Happy 4th of July! My auditions in Vegas resume on Monday.
TONIGHT at 6PM Mercury in Summer is playing at KYLLOPALOOZA in vienna VA. Come see our last show before our new music video comes out!
Sports do not build character. They reveal it. ~ John Wooden
Hawthorne BV is now promoting Halibut Fish and Chips...come get some before they all swim away.
Just ate at an A&W Root Beer joint and didn't order root beer because I'm not someone society can control... Also it had alot of calories.
Agree with you re: San Diego 100 percent. Great vibe down there.
Yes! And here we are with another weird late-January.
#replaceatlsongswithkirken dear Kirken count me in?
What in the world is inherently wrong w/ encouraging the cultivation of nurses who look like the communities they serve?
Dear America's got talent, Two of your judges are British...
Now looking for more topics. :-)
that is nuts
#GovBrewer, obama thinks ur comments were bad- he better not hang around us commoners! He would b SHOCKED @ our opinions @ him!! he's awful!
Santee council approves moving the speed limit up on Fanita Parkway from 35 to 40 mph. Go Speed Racer Go!
Johnny Mannix has these TINY ASS NIPPLES
Insecurities are such bitches!
Obama's budget was rejected by the Senate 99 - 0. Not good news at all for a failing President who is up for re-election this November.
"My heels are taller than him."
um who are you?
Ok my bets are Union Rags, Bodemeister, take charge Indy, Daddy Nose best, Hanson, gemologist, and done talking is my big long shot
Omg I am so sorry for hitting you this morning... I hope you and your daughter are ok!
I'm starting to think your boys are more important then me smh...
you get some sexy size 16 panties for me to bite off?
Thanks, lady.
Born And Raised has been leaked. I will now sit and listen to it on a constant loop all night.
Here's my 6th gr well visit plan. Walk in, say "Well! Here we are!!" and walk the heck OUT of the peds office. No Gardasil here!
She has guys waiting for her at her doorstep, but the only one ahe wants is you.
thank you for giving back to the youth of Detroit!
aha keagan is mad cause I made him go check on the pizza
Police moving to higher ground
Thank you. I think.
Going out... But where to?? Watching cable while getting ready!! Wool fallout new bagasse on the 19th!!!
R u not coming back to school :\
I'm a broad too.... wait : hum I wish !but I wasn't not able to make it at their wedding I was abroad ..:(
Welcome new followers
Checking the calender for the upcoming shows and events Tattoo Jay will be attending.
Full Metal Jousting tonight! Will you be watching?
Apple is very good at helping you out when you need a clean up.
Come on JMV, what about Mork & Mindy - Mork arrived in an egg way before Lady Gaga - ha!
seriously!? Can't #LetsBeAnimals come out sooner?
It's queens , Brooklyn and yeah they WHLYING
Twisting at The Great Wall Restaurant IN Bedford, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Twisting from table to table!
i know the longest word in the dictionary...be scared
#OutOfContextTweet RT : Face full of pussy
music news Shut Up, Dude: This Week’s Best And Worst Comments
RT : Griffey wants to see minds changed about the maker movement in libraries as a result of this session today.
What type of accent is it?
I so wish my mom was here w/ me!!! But she's in Vegas w/ her boo....
I know right lmao you cute tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Mr. Welsch he passed away on Mar.16 in an auto accident on Rte 20 in the Hancock area!
Drugs Used for Psychotics Go to Youths in Foster Care - New York Times
This convo I'm stuck hearing<<<<
Yes, your brand does need to be in Twitter, Facebook, etc.
The ladies at Jim's were worried about you today, they thought you had a rough practice! Great game tonight!!!
you have dashed my dreams for the last time, Forsander.
Do you think music theory restricts or helps your writing?
Just got on the bus to go home. I have to pee so bad.
I is so cold. Wheres da snow?
Harry Reid must go...
Retirement is a long-term need so it is best financed by long-term investments like real estate, stocks, mutual funds, UITF and busin...
Let's go Twin Lakes Tornado's and Jaguars!
YOU DID!
what does rain have to do with the nba? Bad weather actually helps indoor sports Nothing to do outdoors from nov-april
If my prob was that I couldn't make outgoing calls, where is the logic in telling me to call TS the next time it happens?
ya ya ima wash my hair in my casa though maybe
i love you darling!
My valentine gift goin be simple and sweet
How the hell are the Royals winning?!?!?!?
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Dear Men, Picking up the phone and calling is one of the most attractive things you can do. #wordtothewise. Love, Jessica
In practice, the law of obscenity is rarely used, as mandatory classification has for the most part dealt with this issue
I know how awesome!
What goes best with a cup of DreamCoast Coffee?
lol i do believe most woman are secret lesbians!!!
Tonight ! Tonight ! There's A Party On The Roof Top Top Of The World <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764>
Forever my lady...its like a dreeeeaaaammm
Uh oh. RT HOT OFF PRESS: AT&T to Acquire T-Mobile USA from Deutsche Telekom
thanks for all the suggestions! we are looking forward to releasing the names of some of the artists soon
Cannot wait til sunday. Beers, water, boat. Need that so bad.
Amazing time w today at our engagement session.
Why is "totes adorb" a thing!?!?
word. Kc soon fam. I'm past due
RT : I always find it baffling that Harper Lee only wrote one book. How is it possible, especially when you can write that well?
this week is going to be great! I'm tapping into my positive energy reservoirs that have not been used in a while. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
M YES I DO CASPER!!
*~we beat 1D shocked ~*
banquet on thursday
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
haha. Even Kobe has off days, fam. I still gotta get wit u in the court. “: The worst day of ballin' I've had in many a moon.”
it was worth it.
You didnt answer for my two cents? Lol
I mean every thing I say
Our Brewers Notice was approved today. Thx TTB.
PR Pros-Optimize! First 25 words of your content is the most important to srch engs as they begin to formulate what the news is about
triunityinternational.net...this is the next big one
I crush alot but I wanna get serious.
Looking to buy your $10 Knighthawks Playoff tickets? Call in & you can order them directly from Stephen Keogh! (585) 454-4295
Worked with Tony Randall and got his autograph for my mother, who complained that it did not begin with, “Dear Gert!”
slow motion better than no motion....just stay focused bruh....thats all we all have to do
RESOLVE KU, RESOLVE!
responsed to Jason Russel's meltdown "You can't get away with anything, it's all caught on tape. Life is one big reailty show."
My favorite topping to put on my Mango Pinkberry is: ___________________.
work?! You got a job Tommy?
is Kareem leaving GBPG? If so, where is he headed?
The new Jerry S. Rawls college of Business Administration is officially OPEN! Wooohoooo!!!
Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they
Boy You Know I Stay Ready
RIP Whitney Huston : (
Success - To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
“Well, I sort of don’t trust anybody who doesn’t like Led Zeppelin.” <U+2015> Jack White
Just got a quick 2.5 mile jog in...
theres a squirrel in my backyard!!!!!!! :D
dude they look like two straight lines. No shape at all. And prom is on Sat. and I'm doing my hair up. :'(
So, if I post something here...where does it go? We shall find out...
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification."Dr. Martin Henry Fischer
Just got msg w/subj "You deserve a great commute." Apparently they've been on my bus & metro this week 'cause they're right.
And with that, the jury files back in and defendant Julie Ann Bronson resumes testimony in her intoxication assault punishment trial.
am I invited?
Being introduced by a former student (one much smarter than me) is very cool.
Come back to planet Earth
Me:i want taco bell Friend:you like to eat shit! Mom:karina!!! Quieres taco bell? Me:yes I do!!:)and txt friend hey I'm gonna eat shit lmao!
How Not to Redesign Your Website (A Marketing Lesson From NYTimes
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im hiring me the BEST DAMN Acting Coach there is for me :-) :-) :-)
i love my mom<U+2665>
I'm personally really looking forward to the moment Republicans choose their candidate because
I love it when pink eye goes away and the sloughing off of the tissues begins. Nothing like pulling gooey streamers out of your eye.
Great Manager Night with 3 who like that actors create and act rather than wear just one hat. Great night meeting and hearing feedback!
dark and lonely i need somebody to hold me.
wherever I wanna go lmao
Ryan Gosling is my hero.
Why did this have to happen grrrrr
Totally. I like a cautionary tale. And multiple ppl have recommended the Bain.
Thanks for being a fan and tell your son Happy Birthday
follow me back?(:
I don't know why this didn't occur to me before: just remapped the ` key with an em dash with xmodmap.
“: happy bday big cuzz ”Thanks Bro!!!
Not that much separate either team and the #Caps are very talented. They aren't a typical 7th seed
oo hahha & i wished a happy birthday as well mines feb 22
Tony Allen could be Meek mill's daddy.
'bout time somebody reckonized... RT : Spongebob Squarepants is a wise little dude.
You tell that paper who's boss! ;)
“: yes that is definitely how it should be”real talk
Thanks for the RT !
The for the fllw ! Just 10 more and our 200th gets $20 free cleaning!
Didn't get a chance to say welcome home to and of course !! WELCOME HOME!
AHA! I knew you couldn't stay away from the Ward! Enjoy your class at C2.
still hasnt followed me ... 2 years later..
Is making their Minnesota Debut Tonight at #free #winetasting 5-7pm. Come meet winemaker James MacPhail
Fuck. no no no no no no no no. <U+2714>yes.
For the 1st time, the Magic Kingdom will stay open for 24 hours, from 6 a.m. Wednesday, Feb. 29, to 6 a.m. Thursday, March 1. Happy Leap Day
agreed!!! Shock Jock. I'm done wasting tweets on him
wow... yup... nutella
all emotion aside
sweet.. judo at all ?
Yeah, but like what makes us assume that? Give me a break, this is the first I've heard of this theory!
Why are so many young athletes dying these days!? 26-year-old Norwegian swimmer Alexander Dale Oen died from a cardiac arrest yesterday.
BatteryPower.co has a 30% off #blackfriday sale on all replacement laptop batteries! Free Shipping, Years Warranty!!
It's another sweater-atop-sweater kinda day. Is it REALLY May? About to go into hibernation.
aint it! Its arriving today @ my job & ill surprise her w/ it this weekend :D the 4 letters stand for her 4 boys :)
ahaha ! Go to sleep freak !
Laurans: Every sign points to fact that we should have more #edtech in school. It's also something that needs to be proved.
I love and I love hard so #toughlove nigga
When did Calvin become such an asshole?
I miss u like crazy
I pay 15 bucks for mine
Happy Anniversary! I :-) twitter!
Today's #IUPUI special, 2 Pork BBQ sliders with slaw and fritos $5. Any purchase over $5, gets a ticket for free admission to the #FFFTF 5/4
What a pleasure it was to present today at the Entertainment/Sports Symposium on Miami Beach! It was a great program!
Bills to attempt to pay later today.... #needtomakemore$$
Same here
Damn havnt bin one this shieet for a long time.!.
cannot wait to Have a half n half in the Sahara
Sounds good but if it usurps the US constitution then that's where the SCOTUS should draw the line
When is that stupid looking spinner belt going to get up dated? Make it a respectable title belt or
Signs you've been on a dating site too long: they contact you and want you to become a site moderator. COOL GUYS. STILL SINGLE, THO.
School blows
Commercial RE broker open in Hayward
Orrey just called someone a boner biter... Okay...
Right. Hence my confusion (and my father's) as to why I am unemployed. Whoever reads my resumes didn't get the memo!
There are loves that hurt even when you sleep... Sucks.
I KNOW. Someone once told me I reminded them of her (as a joke) and I was like "THAT AIN'T A JOKE"
We are currently on pace for a BLOCKBUSTER YEAR in terms of submissions!
Going too bed, I'm exhausted. At least I got all my friends presents bought, wrapped and done with(:
Watched a bit of National Geographic 'Hunt for the Abominable Snowman'. I think they hit bottom.
carving up a balloon is an explosive metaphor
Sugar Ray Leonard @ Politics & Prose in Washington, DC June 9 to sign copies of his latest book. Pre order here:
Bitch please, ur bra has more stuffing than build a bear
SEEING IN LIKE 2 HOURS. CASUALLY FREAKING OUT.
It was The Skydivers.
its 4am!!! wtf good night twitter
Play with social media today: Click on all the buttons and fill out all the stuff. Are your websites listed? Is your bio/about up to date?
Hi, I'm Wesley Frazier and I drive in reverse.
Thanks for the follow-back, Carrie. I love your blog!
Safety-net hospitals w/ disproportionate #s of Medicaid patients & hospitals serving a large share of the poor are 40% more likely to close
Mohamud has kept his head down, flanked by defense lawyers during pretrial hearing in federal court. No cameras allowed inside
thanx, u guys r right 100%.Criss is such a sweetheart
Okay so tomarrow is V-Day. I have 4 monsters, lots of candy, and a hole lotta lovein to give out. So ready. Tomarrow is gunna be
I had a taco salad from Taco Bell for lunch today. And I ate the shell. Go ahead. Judge me.
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful Mothers!!
RT : In opposing #SM3, Sen. Aguilar, a doc, says it impedes basic rights of patients to have all the information they need
I hate this day.. so much.
:D RT : Sex with a #Pisces will wear yuor body out.
Thanks for the link! It was a pleasure meeting you.
70% of morning exercisers stick with their workout routine long term. What type of class would motivate you to come in the morning?
have a blast!
Haha, if only!
Thanks for the retweet!
2 in 5 years? I think Kim went through more this weekend.
that soup looks good!
Sounds like a good time!
I'm on my way to the Highschooollll
Les Barkley on Matt's response to Pete leaving: "When Pete left, everybody went dead. That's when Matt said, ‘I've got to call recruits."
I'm really excited to see The Wanted at Kiss Concert 2012!
To create graphic for story I typed "Blenheim" in Google Earth. Now looking at Blenheim, New Zealand. Not helping my restlessness
Ugh i'm helping my friends move and they just turned off the wifi. I'll call you later. We must talk
Hungry! RT : It's National Hamburger day! Enjoy a burger at & the'll donate a buck-a-burger to !
how do you think they can afford the $100 credit for all customers this month? :-)
Moving Sale 2 the pen is stupid, if the elbow is tender y not the 15 day?
mhmm! :) how's the kiddo?
If your a stripper and your always broke you need to find another profession
Good choice. ;o) Yeah, that's Wedding Central Station. We almost chose it, but went with
Surreal, but shockingly, entertaining as well. Not bad job by Anderson either:)
": well done trying out for The Denver Broncos :) from a fan in Malaysia"
Bless me Father, for I have sinned...I had pizza for dinner. I know, I know...my penance....it's going on my thighs. Have mercy on me!
Goal: Run atleast 4 days a week....... & no more smoking!!!
Very very much looking forward to it. The shows awesome
well...flipping between that and NCIS
Worry is a time-wasting pastime. Most of the things we worry about never actually happen. We just invent them in our mind.
Smells like popcorn. My sister must be home.
Maybe if i eat all the cereal in my kitchen it will be restocked with not shit cereal
just about to do chores, you?
As I haven't loved every FFC film, I always love hearing him speak on film, filmmaking and film tech.
I'm going to see my friend today. We haven't seen each other in years. Lots to catch up on!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 45
I love yall <U+263A> <U+2665>
Have you liked us on Facebook yet?
": what do you think? Should give Jake a chance?! #MIOBI" YES YES YES A MILLION TIMES YES!
Do you have office hours today? I just emailed you about Imagine.
Free Massages by this Sat May12 at the #FREE #Health & #Fitness #Expo in Look for the booth!
Had good night out with friends! Now to bed! Night, Night!
Show you can go 100 miles per hour and help launch our drug detection programs. www.Drugfreehomefoundation.org
Major fucking migraine
Looks like the music website and confetti cannon shows will have to wait just a bit longer. Stay tuned!
Just as long as the Yanks are part of it! Yankees/Rangers ALCS? I think so! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Coach!! Long time no see. I wish I was in the tournament and played with you guys but I'm still in the states. So good luck!
I am. Long week and have to be up at 5 am. Miss our midnight convos :(
#sundaylibrarian under protest. sleepy.
Fair point, Miss Steele. *pointed stare* It is also about the execution of the message.
Watching show excited to see children!
I just realized why I never use Siri. Because I can't ask for help. Ha, so true! It's all about researching for me. I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> a good challenge.
Afternoon Tea Takes Tantalizing Twist | RumFire | Hawaii Restaurants
Off to school bye!
PRAISE THE LORD.
NFL great Jim Brown calls Alabama's Trent Richardson "ordinary." Crimson Tide fans blow gasket. Jim Brown is now trending.
Police and others are searching the slopes of Mount Taylor for a small plane that crashed against them. Before it fell, it radioed for help.
off to NYC tomorrow for some shows! great times ahead (well, i'm assuming so, anyway)
I miss our encouraging times with you and Boston is treating us well, how are things in NJ? Send pizza & bagels
Just like your Pop.
Wondering what lady gaga is wearing this year? O.o
I'm very excited Cole will be joining my team! :) RT : Congrats, Cole! Great to see you join
Holy CRAP, I stumped The Sage this morning! (Sad he didn't like my question- that was a new rule to me)- got to hear the Mats, too! Thanks!
#GoTribe Bought an indians hat today
girl u better follow me back
you bet, maggie! please let me know if there is anything I can do to help out once you get up and running.
Jupiter and Venus
Coffee & Zyrtec. A magical mix to battle #Austin allergies.
Get your yellow coupon book throughout the mall and start saving today! Savings up to 50% off!
I AM
4 more days! can't wait to hit the road. i wanna run away, and never say goodbye.
and that's how it all becomes magic in your mouth
Yeah its time to do something
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award
#Buffalo has amazing WX once again! Where are the blizzards?
Besides I love her :)
8 weeks....8 WEEKS?!?! Ah!!! Time to put my bikini order in & fine tune meals & water! What an adventure! #EmeraldCup2012 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
onw you're so cute love u baby!
Bradley Cooper with a mustache?! Make it stop.
you must come visit #EISSOF during 2012-13 and witness reinvention of school through innovation! #Eminence is a
Im seriously always tired..
dm me it
yes you won because I accidentally hit forfeit in the middle of the game...
I feel bad for the fakes & phonies. There is no growth there. Only truth and real experience brings true growth and wisdom.
what's this?
123 inning is a thing of beauty
Why can't I go to sleep?!
counting down the days lol hey are you coming Thursday
Damn it felt good running again tonight.
Get a female then forget about your boys. I understand. Cant compete with what she can deliver
thanks prophetess, I receive that!
Happy 1st Annual National Digital Learning Day! 1110010010011001001001001000100
Urgent Casting! Do you have a friend who is in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
I am really intrigued. Waiting for Genesis P-Orridge duet next.
I have wanted to see it; my DVR is overcommitted. Maybe this summer! Xo
thank you so much, we believe children are the future and we want to give them the skills they need to succeed!
You will love our "What's Eating You?" Nutrition & Stress Mgmt Workshop on 4/25! Make sure you sign up quickly; this will fill! 619-501-5664
Entering the brave new world of online-only history courses this fall: Contemporary US History (post-1945), 3 credits, 14 wks, Blackboard.
workin hard for the team. next stop, MANSION AND EXPENSIVE CARS!!!!!!! lol
Toshiba Excite 13 spotted at the FCC - Android Community
Gonna wear all white tomarrow ^.<3
lmao Eric ass tweaking
ohh that's awkward / : probably won't talk to you in a while !
Love reading the hate tweets between #Yankees and #RedSox fans. Reminds me of my hate tweets about the
yea, but I'm shy lol
I can't wait until Lizard Lick comes back on I love and I miss seeing the show and her teaching thoughs boys a lesson #TEAM AMY:)
That's some bitch shit. Don't grab Lebron's shirt because he stole your ball.
are tickets available at the door?
N HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOPE U HAVE A GOOD 1 N FOLLOW ME I LOVE UR SONGS I CAN ACTUALLY RELATE 2 SOME OF THEM
you know I can't do that...
Don't forget Waffle House! : Madison needs a Jack in the Box, Whataburger, Taco Bueno and Baja Fresh....
Is any one out there using Jaiku and want to send me an invite?
If Britney Spears was able to get through 2007, I can get through finals week!
nah just hungry!
Tonight's Jason Ajemian show moved to There will be oysters and espresso.
It's the Ides of March. In Caeser's day, a "seer" sensed something magical and destructive in the air. Now, we call that stuff "Dark Matter"
D.C. will continue to progress and pundits will be proved wrong (again)!
Teach those kids! You might really enjoy it.
did you win the contest from the #Brewers lawn crew??
how is it that i nap after school, and im still tiredd?
#Socialmedia 'A lethal weapon that can be used for good or evil' Canlis brothers cc
Q7 O, tough one. I feel like I've done so many things, I've fallen into most of it, but each job built on the last.
suicide alert
Unfortunately I do. Thanks.
12 games to go, 1 game at a time.. no one believes, but we believe!!! ..
Just our luck. Called in noise complaint for drugged up neighbor, but dispatch says all busy with shooting few blocks away.
Eyebrows define a face! Permanent Makeup makes last forever!
likes to get on my twitter and say I'm pregnant.
Dealing with a heart that I didn't break...
Apt quote from panelist Mylavarapu: "Think about technology as an artful solution to fixing the world's most pressing problems."
Hell yeah... I'm not worried. We rock our home floor. ": #clippers bout to own game3 & 4"
it's like Seattle drivers have never seen rain before
looks like a calming potion!
Just got my celly cel dj quik tickets!! Hope they're ready for us , , !
my cell phone is gonna get me caught up
#nerdland trending...just love me some
Goodnight everyone.
Lawl at girls who stuff their bras...
Ha! >>RT Saw a tech ed headline: "Mother, son bond through welding." And I thought, "Ow."
Beat Idaho State! #GoCanes!
we need local ambassadors for a new and exciting feature for our group! let's build communities together!
Does beer & pot stickers count as carb loading last night for this big 5k I'm taking on this AM?
I started to purchase a fur vest a la beyonce's 4 album cover but decided against it in the checkout line, tehehe!!!
Kings Have Rings.
Just released, 1st edt. of "The Rolex World's Top 1000 Golf Courses" available: amazon.com, amazon.co.uk, in golf stores & selected proshops
Featured today on Midday at 1 pm: People who refused to go along with policies or conventions they believed immoral or unethical
Loading scaffolding tomorrow at Blades in Rio Rancho, building Monday at Sport Systems. Anyone down to help?
** Free at walmart & Sam's, watch www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk, enroll at www.dowsite.info need help call corky 417-358-1250
We ship.
I'm no match for my bed... night!
watching a awesome show, every one knows that! What's sleep anyway?
's dare is: "beautifully bound failures".
is that with a CSU id ? I'd love to see him for that price! Lol
Irish prayer ;May God give u ..for every storm,a smile , for every care , a promise & and answer for each prayer.
Kidrauhl Deserves Respect
was a decent athlete 20yrs ago but no one cares, nor do I
Do you find that most clients are able to maintain the same buying habits after the divorce?
i flip-flopped throughout the books but ended on team peeta.
yep, and congrats on winning!
has helped me realize that I am more than just a grade point average. My talents, creativity and determination define me.
Thanks for taking 14 years off my age.
Bastian Schweinsteiger NEVER misses ! Great game. Munich is through !
RT : Hello everyone: and I dance 3rd tonight. So please start voting when the show begins!! Thanks Tweeps
Hey thanks, Anthony! And, thanks for all of your help.
great adventures in kindergarten today as we finished our Magic Tree House book
Nobody told me I would need hornet spray to replace flowers on graves. Yikes.
that's a tough life
I KNEW you were still a SPURS FAN <3
Wrong for that. Harpo was not acting
hey, tiger. :P
Good morning. Lets get our minds right for Yanks vs Sox tonight. Forget the KC series and focus on this series.
Cakearokee is bangin' tonight! Get up here!
Trying to keep up with people. Getting financing's tough, haha.
Howard, my startup is launching in a few weeks and I'd love to ask for your advice. Could I stop by next week & bring coffee?
THANK YOU & we love YOU!!!!
Hope everybody is being safe out there in #seattle!
Great job reporting the unfolding events in Indy, Tyler--thank you!
SEVEN MINUTES. <3
are you a chopped salad guru? which other ones in chicago do you love?
who's ground game is better ROUSEYS ARE YOUR JAPANESE GIRL U KNOW WHO I'm TALKIN ABOUT
have a safe trip! get a good tan before your interview :)
Tara from True Blood is the worst character on any show I like.
Fresh out the shower lookin for good time! #TKILtweeters flyest tweeters in the game ,
My Mom liked your "The Martha's Vineyard of Oklahoma" bit ;-) I know, not very exciting, it's been a dull day :)
Gaaaah! Is it on YouTube? I haven't watched it this year either and I only have a little time before I go bye bye!
My 1st cookbook, Extraordinary Cakes, will launch tomorrow. To get a copy & learn more about book events, visit extraordinarydesserts.com.
"just because I fucking love her" GREAT FRIEND!!!<3
Dear Nonprofits, if you're not at the #TejanoMonument, you're missing out on a great opp to learn the history/culture of Latinos in Austin.
Museums continue to struggle w/engaging social media users while trying to control the message. Time to give up control?
#Bears game is ridiculous. How about a play without a flag??
Happy Mothers Day. All Mothers are precious, All have sacrificed something for your greater being show them you appreciate them 2dy.
Tonight I learned that I can talk to absolutely anyone...when I want to!
I had one crazy ass dream about fallin.....n i could feel myself fallin n my stomach.
The rip rocket was zee best !
Yep, 4 years. I would like time to stop and take a rest now and again.
Which is very awkward for her sister, Claire Buick Howard.
Me staying home all day = eating everything in the house.
#Imagine You:''There are so many pretty girls out there!'' Harry:"And my heart chose you!'' *Kisses you softly*
I think the only person who remembers me wearing high tops is u remember that?
Have a good Easter Break everyone! We will open back up on Tuesday.
happy birthday love
I Like Peanut Butter. Its da <U+E05A>. Yum.
I need to try something like that...
I have a rash from the red dress. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Why the fuck am i watching Christmas movies? Lmfao
is happy to be a part of the Facebook Family!
Ad she suppose ta b the basketball coach nxt year fml
Eighteen years ago on today marks the 1st time in South African history that a democratic President, #Nelson Mandela!
The weekend was good, thank you! My kids let me sleep in Sunday which is always good. Now back to the grind!
Last night's skype date with my boyfriend was cute c: I'm new to it
but still he could at least found a way to call me and say it
ah, well in that case *hugs*.... or however you send hugs on the internet lol :)
I can watch. Seems a bit into game, no? Why 'this' at bat? He graze him earlier?
Home of Napoleon Dynamite (Preston, ID) just referenced on Idaho House floor. +10
Wow! Just a thought, my passport is getting dusty! LOL :) :) :) xoxoxoxooxo
Box Office Report: 'Stooges', 'Cabin' and 'Hunger Games' in Tight Friday Race.
There is seriously NEVER a full moment with my gram and pops....they are HILARIOUS
lol you made it seem like you didn't <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
ever see the south park episode on this? funny-but was true. ppl barely read terms of agreement-they just click yes.
HEY!! hahaha and..... HAPPY HUMP DAY!! lol that made me laugh
Your "scratch here" tweet is clever. WE wonder how many people actually scratched their computer screen. ;-)
Marilyn Monroe is so beautiful .
We buy material objects to serve US We end up serving THEM! Every thing that enters your house has an ONGOING contract on your time! Beware!
Little Boner
The perfect breakfast solution! RT : i want a cupcake.
deleting facebook
Thanks to Deb and Carrie for speaking at the legislative breakfast today. They knocked it out of the park.
Happy Hump Day folks! Another gorgeous day here in the Mile High City! A perfect day to look at real estate!
Less than four percent of the world population has naturally red hair.
You are welcome!
don't say fml, theres someone out there that wants your life and/or is glad you have it <3
I've played it three times in a row.
I'm ready for the Super Bowl to start (and end), so we can get on with the offseason activities such as combine, free agency & draft!
wish I was there :'(
That game of FIFA>>> any other game
Burnt the fuck out
My heart is my worst enemy. Why? Because it belongs to me but it beats for him.
is going to be crowned queen TMI.
Thank you for making my life taste good! #tablecrackers oh so yummy.
I'm Dead axx! Shxt gone get real. lOl!
Next month I'm am shooting another TV show in Los Angeles. This is gonna be fun...fun...fun. :)
baseball and star wars legos duh!
What is today if Yesterday was Tumorrow.?
what the business is bro
thanks, it hardly does it justice, but it'll do
Seeing The Lucky One with :) its a great sunny day in Georgia.
mall! thank god. need to get out of this house
Dnt give up on ya dreams real talk -Jeezy :) NP
never watched an episode of american horror story til the season finale, that shit was crazy
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be respected!
Your pretty darn Intelligent Yourself!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
or a NYer
i love Betty White <3
At my interview super early.........
For a reward, watching Mad Men for the first time ever.
watching Poetic Justice w/o the curse words <<<<<<
C'mon! We know you want to....
You are absolutely right! ;)
Do you like food? HIBF2012 does! Come check out , , and ! April 14 -Bring an appetite!
Happy holidays! Big things in 2012 RT : Merry Xmas and many many more from Greg Marius and the EBC Staff
good day sir
It's the weekend, time to sit back, relax, and enjoy a taste-tastic Classic Buttered Salmon Steak at the B!
Donna Summer can not be compared to any other other. We will miss u gurl.
that's my final life goal haha
we are up to $60 to see someone wear the "green man" suit ! Care to up the anty??
Tastings @ NW22nd: TODAY noon-1pm Can't wait to see our cheesemonger crack open a 36mo wheel of Parmigiano Reggiano!! So excited!
It's National Earmuff Day! Too bad it's too hot here for earmuffs...
Yup. Well it's not my favorite but a really cheap trip is!
hahaha I never thought about that
So , I just signed up for Men's 4s Vball on the second highest level the city offers. Should be interesting.
Note: for those tweeting about VA #staterape, strongly advise against use of "transvag__" in tweets...
5% off all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 8267.
did you hear that new mel gibson tape? he obviously abuses marijuana and needs to be locked up ASAP before he hurts someone.
Only a strong woman can help a strong man -
Happy National Library Week!!!! Let's get this party started!
Tigers survived the roll of the tide!
when are you coming home?!?!
Glad to have you join us! You r going to have to put your glasses on tho.. the last couple times you have been kind of slow
- Depends on who else they may or may not have interest in dealing. Read between the unmentioned line on that one.
yeah but he will be at the house.
I was flipping through the tv and saw a Coyotes game in the 3rd period. Almost got pissy &indignant then realized it was a rerun not Round 3
Very insulted by the New York Times article about NO vegetarian food in the Midwest!
Oops, Ben forgot about the "no tongue" rule when on camera. Hope he doesn't get another kissing lesson! #bachelor That didn't end well!
To a religioud person, saying ”go to hell” is probably the most disrespectful thing you could do.
FYI for those I work with I was on a conference call at that moment
I DON'T SPEAK POLISH
Studying at the #SDSU Love Library for the last time!
Can't concentrate on work yet? Write a cowboy haiku and post it to our FB wall to participate in our poetry contest!
what about cats?
I hope someone is secretly working on *the* web design app we've all been wishing for to shake things up!
I have a couch in mine!
sometime this week!
<U+266C> Carol Krumhansl of Cornell University found, up tempo music in a major key brought about physical changes associated with happiness <U+266C>
did a nice job at #raincamp atlanta today. Well worth your time and a few dollars
Ed Tech?
Husband got diablo, I should have no problem being on twitter & watching my shows tonight after kids go to bed. Anything good on Netflix.
now I am not saying either is true, and I don't disagree with you…just using different lenses :) My dog in this fight is small
Congrats on the new gig!
just matched my donation to to support LGBT equal rights.Thank you Chelsea! (and hi to the nugget!)
What’s your favorite type of massage?
My foray into men's fashion advertising of the 1960's is completed
s/o to , so happy I got close to her cusI know i could trust her<333 she could put me in the greatest mood ever outta no where c'x
great! Votech has gotten me tied up after work. Do you have any future jobs in mind?
oh i thought i did lmao.
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever! I love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Everyone is good at something. Manage your weaknesses and build your strengths.
A year later? Yes. Multiple times.
Looking for something to do in March? Don't miss the fabulous events happening at Lost Creek Winery & Vineyards
im extra late, but JUJU
RT if you're down with
Couldn't sleep all night. Crazy dreams
I'm so happy :)
Had fun at MOD's marchforbabies even tho it was pouring rain. What a great turnout! Even saw Calvin from !
Desi Dance study session #1 starting now.
You're not as special as you maybe think that you are
That was funny as fuck lol
Three days in a row? My life is turning into a wakeboarding vacation.
They were killing people when there were no laws!!!! That's why we started fighting for laws!!!! Duh!!!!!
60000 vets discharge in Calif each year: helmets to hardhats
aaaight i will of course:) your leaving me on sunday:(
nice! #jealous :)
YOU'RE SO PRETTY!
you could combine both in ppt
is that hashtag "i'm old" or "i mold"?
can't sleep because I'm reading your book -what a great page turner!!! amazing stuff. congrats!
And you reply... I like the thrill. Nothings gonna me feel this real. So baby don't go home. I don't wanna spend tonight alone.
The foods smell so god
that's a lie!
<--- just got a fresh cut
hellloo ms. Bullets
Never let a circumstance rob you of your identity. Jesus is all and in all. He is your divine advantage.
yes. It is very real. Lol
you know it! Imma catch first half at work then in going to haul ass to the house haha
Could U wish me a HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE it would mean the world to me : D
#Error37 Damn it!
That was weak-sauce by him.He doesn't like someone saying he can't run fast but then talks about someones hair
Had a great time last night at the Everybody Dies Film Festival!
Dang. People put tweets on here you can't help but #RETWEET !! (:
griffin lounge is cute... Ok
It's really me and thank you for the welcome!
The forced virality/auto follow on is what's generating all the buzz. Should be opt in. Pretty annoying.
It's Saturday! A walk in the park is on tap... Enjoy your day!! :)
Yea I know I am, wht you mad now xD wwwyki :D
I'm also sorry for your loss.....
Finishing up creating a Hello Kitty inspired custom Little Lazy, cute!
Can't wait to find out more! Thx for following & be sure to chk out all of your mktg, adv, pr & graphic design needs.
whats up just got back in town no place like home
RT : Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap ... but by the seeds you plant! - Robert Louis Stevenson
Become a fan of Fried Nothing Films on #Facebook! Watch our short films & get info on our upcoming feature lengths!
I'm busy with a midterm so I can't go, but that sounds awesome!
#YouGetBonusPoints if you text me first; that shows interest. I like that shit.
^-^ Birthday. Today. Excitement. *Epic guitar solo* xD :3
no problem
is pride transferable? Cuz I'm proud of you. Ride on man!
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer, you are the product. -Jonathan Zittrain, professor of Internet law
I'm done leaving Not coming back
at least we can count on the O's!!!!
O RT : Mackena, Y U NO take jokes?! They're only funny! :D
Relaxing in mi casa on a Saturday night. Life is good.
I had wanted to be in things for a lil more while.lol!!!
Follow me now new page on deck unfollow now its hacked
Sorry we haven't tweeted in awhile. We'll be back shortly. A lot of us are getting ready for school and, gasp, college. Wish us luck.
my guess is the bad food habits increased as your hours behind the keyboard did
I've only had instagram for 24hrs and I've already had to talk myself out of posting shots of me on the john. 6 times.
UK may have more talent, but who has more heart?
Pianist Virginia Eskin performs music of Marion Bauer and Ruth Crawford Seeger today at 12:15 PM. First Church in Boston-Back Bay.
#ThingsBoredPeopleDo go crazy an start laughing out of no where
he's in Boston for the next few months filming so I feel good about my chances- lol!
Jersey shore all day today #YEAH BUDDY
There's hope. It doesn't cost a thing to smile. You don't have to pay to laugh. You better thank god for that.
Man iono nun about nun man im just gettin my money...fuck ya..
tired. heading to bed
Oh...well hello there Fergie!
going to try to get to Newton area (b4 <3break Hill) to see you run by! Stay cool!
"You'll Shoot Your Eye Out, Kid" Do you have a favorite holiday movie quote?
Connect.Discover.Share at www.knowledgesafari.com
#ESPN asks, Kobe or Jordan? What? Could u imagine Jordan playing with Shaq in his prime? Wouldn't be fair. #NBA What do you think?
I'm not the "player type" but fuck man, maybe I need to be.
The best is yet to come! All things are possible.
Featured sessions could be those whose last names are already verbs. Right, ?
We have already partnered with company to handle foreign. Image will be handling North America.
Looking for software to automate emails for new hires and their managers.. help!
The only way that you can ever know if something is of value to you is by the way it feels as you are receiving it. - Abraham
Whether it's physical violence or attacks on women's reproductive freedom it's the same war.
": i already offered up $100 clams to anyone who can produce Gumbels notes! So foolish
Okay good :)
Seether, "Free Again"
good advice. I've seen that mistake too many times. Xo J
So Chris Hemsworth's Thor voice is identical to Heath Ledger's Knight's Tale voice. Is it the "Aussie's trying to sound British" voice?
Watch Movie Last 3 Days...Shits Awesome..
My thoughts exactly My hubs is opposite He thinks that once a bird is an adult theres no taming it Not true. I have =( nothing
what do you need from us, by what time tomorrow? ( new deadline is before 5/5 meeting)
Maybe better you don't know. "-)
Embrace who you are. The one and only created you. :-)
Thank you for the RT!!
I don't normally countdown to anything *cough* but I would like to point out its FIVE WEEKS till Baku!
Any Indians fans that actually approved of the Ubaldo trade when it happened, you should be forced to jump into the Cuyahoga and drink it.
Thanks for the follow Kiki. We'd love you like on our Facebook. Fighting high tolls in Miami.
When ur in love the only person u could thinl about is u and him being together :)
hey peoples! i havent been on here in a while..oops! playing with legos=ultimate awesomeness *win for me and anyone else playing with legos*
Appropriate length for videos is dictated by content and usage
my hair is not havin' it today! #nomakeup #naturalhair #skankday dreading the midnight shift tonight -.- kill me now
gotta love meeting new people on omegle <3
Man c'mon!
Oh Geez. Vilma is taking Goodell to task. WOW
Johann von Goethe~ All theory dear friend is gray but the golden tree of life springs ever green.
Been and interesting week. Ready for the weekend. Happy Friday everyone. :-)
My eyes are so watery <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Does it do that often? I'm thinking of using Rafflecopter so I'm concerned.
haha great move
#NF Follow Her And She Follows Back <3
sorry if you have received multiple emails from Kink Ador, its a new page feature that just blew up. thanks facebook, thanks gmail.
Cool!! Let's try and grab coffee or lunch!
So don't you worry your pretty little mind, People throw rocks at things that shine.
The singing of the "Age of Aquarius!"
#Failure is just part of the process of getting to world class. 'Screw-ups are the mark of excellence...' -Robin Sharma
Offer from Mississippi state feeling blessed right now
I love The Mist!!!
Too many essays to write...and not enough time
bitch, you preggers?
So youre from Chicago My dad takes me thur all d time. He's from Lawless Gardens on 35th and Rhodes. Give me a shout out sis
lol at your boss tweet. What happened?
d-.-b me all day everyday.
that's me right <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> lol
What it would be like to be alone...*dream*
This panel on DH vs. New Media is disappointingly light on New Media.
Can't wait to see my baby on Saturday(: just two more days(:
Just finished 30 Rock, was so funny
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
: something that sells the city as a destination...a place to visit and maybe a place to live. Just thinking out loud here.
Day off from church. Working on American Choral Directors Assn. archive project. Cats are helping.
RAVEN SYMONE IS A LESBIAN, WHAT.
Off to the set of "Royal Pains" to play a Beach Cop.
Booked a principal role on the show MESSAGES, an A&E Network Special based on true stories of 9/11 & my first major TV role: Airs Sept 2011
I love Beatwear's boots! Maybe I need a new part time job there.
I'm shooting for 2!. Really kind of psyched about old motel signs in Niagra Falls on the way home. Hence all the slide film.
Sigh...bail money...I have a $400 daily withdrawal limit on my PNC card. Just sayin'.
Nice balance! I could never master that pose. I always toppled in a few seconds.
Submit, audition, study, rehearse, shoot. Love this stuff!
Need to make changes to how we eat, how we live.Interesting conversations #aspenideas on individual choices. All about
For the next 11 hours swing by Diego's Mexican Cantina and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Combo & a Coke!!
Arizona Cardinals 7 Washington Redskins 0 End Of 1st #cardinals #redskins #nfl (Via )
Direct to Gia Polished Diamonds uk and new york. discounted... email
where did u come from where did u go. Where did u come from cotton eyed joe
it's my favorite day for kiva.org - repayment/reloan day
I have info on another vendor with charging stations. Will Tweet when I get back to the office.
chris Brown> mike brown
I'm serious. I'm a Disney freak! Kudos to him and tell him is said so. That's fucking kick ass!
Any Read & React coaches from the Netherlands on Twitter? Let us know.
What I just read wowzers lol
im not even sure im gonna go either:/ i want to but its so much money. I dont think i can do it
working on my dreams :)
RT : "I thought we did okay." -Ron Artest, mild concussion, day to day.
worried about this #Capitals team. #HBO filming could not have come at a worse time. Losses piling up.. #24/7
By my math Dragon Age webseries is putting up solid viewing numbers rivaling most cable TV network shows. Congrats
Awesome time shopping with my wifey #BFFL :))))
Looking at shit in a different view but without my glasses
Same here. And I sure will! I don't think I've ever met another "Luanne"!
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV21 Mine: I want to end Talented & Broke worldwide. Period. What's your confession today?
how u #living bra
RT : Cool trick: watch #OcccupyWallStreet coverage on TV while following on Twitter. It's like seeing the generation gap in 3D.
Holy Shit, Rams vs Seahawks on Monday Night? That has got to be the worst ever on MNF. Show the final game of madden natuon instead.
I'm the shit, check the plumbing.
The House Clerk's office noticed that their Floor Activities page was repeatedly screenscraped, so they released the data in XML.
wait im back lol
Omg I missed my moms cooking! I'm happy she's off this whole week <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9>
Bt that's hw I knw I really like him :-)
Hendricks up for
no, but my pick is Take Charge Indy
Watching the first spring game on #mlbtv! Baseball is back!
I always capitalize the 'L' in the word Love whenever I spell it. Just looks & feels better that way, doesn't it? Or is that just me?
Just when I thought it was past me, it comes to haunt me...
though it seems like lust, im in deep my needs i want... ;-)
Welcome to twitter :) Thanks for the follow couz!
U2sday here in the office
. thanks for coming tonight to address the Dominion Hills Civic Association.
Darius Stay All Up In My Relationship Gahh Damn
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! You are my absolute inspiration. I'm in love w/ Your books! I met you twice today! :D
I am absolutely mystified. What was she thinking.
"Yoo hoo? Are we done hugging and learning?" Jason Schwartzman in 'Scott Pilgrim'
Puzzles are like life. You will always have the cracks, no matter how hard you try to put the pieces together
for sure!
Good Times! RT : Dinner at Yard House with and
Hey look i am in that picture
Someone needs to come hold me.
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit.
Awkward uneven tan ** RT : decided to work on my tan while studying.. i mean why not.
hi, Rose!
So, it comes to pass the first of the bullshit amendments, why not let it be NC? Sad because people I know from there are pretty cool.
why are you a Liverpool supporter and not West Ham?
And you win the smart-ass award for the day! Woo-hoo! There can't be much room left on your mantle for these things. ;)
Ozzie has been looking for a pass rusher to compliment suggs for 2 years. Finally got one.
Sorry Mitt, thats an old one!!
Excuse me, why is your face cut out of your twitter picture...All I see is your neck...what's going on <U+E40D>
I just got asked to go to da Dance on Friday at mah new skool by dis girl :) shud I go?
Thanks so much!
I just found coffee. Everything is gonna be okay.
Yes Indeed....POOF!!!
got a bottle of Patron & some homemade cookies for Xmas so far & I don't even celebrate it lol oh well, Tis' the season drink up
2 students shot this morning on 67th and Ashland. I couldn't imagine having that worry when I traveled to and from school. Stable condition
To receive a copy of "Did you know that there are 6 reasons why you dont need a technical writer? And WHY YOU ARE WRONG!" Contact me.
Check your DMs ill help you! i know how hard it is when a friend wants to hurt themselves this bad <33
my ass hurts
Well, I've always said it will be United and City might have nerves but they are at home...surely they cannot blow it?
3 Interactive keeps growing in Columbia - Columbia Daily Tribune
"Science of Wine" discussion at #Herbst ended up being not much science...
I hate when people copy my tweets..!! Why not just retweet them!?
Thanks, Dan!
gud idea bro
All she talk about is WANTING what I got! She mad! Lol
Hmm i think ur cuter for saying im cute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>hahah
"Don't wake me up and throw your failures in my face" = new life motto
Got my butt handed to me today at Carmen La Talegona's class, now waiting to see José Maya's show!
RT from Aren't People who are 'perfect' just failures at failing? Tavis vs. the dark lord
Some Beliebers are saying they can stay up all night & argue? Wow. I'm actually mature enough to stop replying & go to sleep!
yeah she ran my head over
#ParleBlaque will be in the "Infinte Apparel Fashion Show" next month come
happy belated:-)
Made with milk thistle and vit E, Closing Time provides some protection against hangovers and long-term damage to the liver!
Good solutions require good analysis. Why are businesses not investing? Lack of demand? If so, why? Consumers overextended? Deal with that.
actually at this point Watson doesn't do speech recognition, he's feed Alex's Qs as plain text, refdesk would b cool!
Nice to end the day with the support and love of some truly wonderful friends!
nope not isn't it sammiedope right
Anyone have any special training they are using to get ready for April 14th
thank you :))
overnights hurt. i wanna sleep so bad.
I rant a lot.
lol its dragging along...but im surviving
On my way to Level 2 to shake my ass. *popping bottles*. I see this being retro Nina circa 1999. Ah well.
RT if your gonna watch the grammys.
Plum Island getting dinner with my crew.
Happy Birthday to both you!
#NWLC11 "We come up with our own mission statements because we don't like the one Jesus gave us." (Len Sweet)// Tell it!
Garnet & Rondo all fired up tonight
I hope you know I miss you and your cute "good morning" texts. <3
I seriously would like to thank for giving me & my friends the opportunity to meet My night was made. I'm still smiling!
“If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.” Pema Chodron
Tired Af but I feel like I should stay up. Its def a Pool Day
“: Elite!!!! #pimpingpaul” awesome..
The most interesting tweet in the world...
Still following you after all these years...
Family eating time at boa
So tired of folks on Twitter who think they're deep, but they really aren't
Wildlife on Campus Walk TODAY; meet at noon on west side of the Service Building (across Rte. 1 from Dairy). Led by specialist Kelvin Khoo.
These kids just cuss out the teacher. They're suppose to be 15 and 16 years old. Wtf?
exactly...or like an old man. sometimes you look over at it and it's fallen asleep
NICE! RT : Win a trip to NY, a makeover, $500 shopping spree, Luster Gift Basket and more. To enter: bit.ly/nISS7v
Did you know bananas might soon slip into history?
Moves like Jagger :)
I love my mom and wanna make things work but she's not showing she wants the sand
Anybody got a good first topic?
I want one!
RT : Predictable pattern: Franklin Graham goes on Morning Joe, makes outrageous claims about faith, annoys hosts, enrages viewers,...
Congratulations!! Especially on creating your own workforce.
Is it bad that I really don't care that today could be the last day of school? Nah, who am I kidding.
Stephen, Damian and Julian Marley are confirmed for the 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival March 3, 2012 at the Historic Virginia Beach Park
there's a lot of dry economic stuff that I don't care for. & I don't agree with White on some points.
Greenpeace paraglider lands in French nuclear plant
Well hello, random mood swing. #soemotional <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Many, many thanks to all our AAM and Museum-Ed peeps that came to the Museum-Ed fundraiser last night. We raised over 2k.
well I domed you. I dont want to tweet it.
well just got my next INBA Bikini competition march 24 let the work begin off to the gym.
its 10 30 and im so avoiding doing my essay wich is due tomorrow.. its gunna be a long night
Sorry I gotta root for #MUFC. GO RED DEVILS!!
you BETTER be going! ; ]
RT : Big day ahead--lots of news coming up. And, maybe some fireworks. ## Oh, fireworks! Eric? Ronnie? Howard?
It can be both earlier and later. The Militant actually was thinking of something similar to what you proposed.
thanks for the
text me baby tell mama what is going on <3
#TwoThingsIWant A motorcycle and a Puerto Rican Chick!
Our Stump app was turned down, but you'll be at APE, right? -DvL
i think i can name a few in my head :P
I love hanging out with my 3yo but some days I just want to poop alone
Congressmen #VanHollen & #PaulRyan working together #bipartisan to create #BudgetProposal. This is what government should always look like.
Thanks for reminding me what an awesome panel that was - I should definitely storify life more often!
Thanks for the RT!
I didn't know there was such a day. Cool! And Happy Childfree Day to you, too! :-)
Ugh I hate school.
Good luck to the teams representing Minnesota at the MCLA national Tournament.
Man I hate wen my job got the air on Blast and its near my desk
I'm so tired of fighting
Anyone at #infocampseattle from Microsoft who can find a big ol' touchscreen for ? Promise I won't hold it against you.
Please somebody let know that #Parenthood got renewed for another season, she'll be relieved. BRAVERMAN DANCE PARTY TIME!
Nice meeting you today! great panel!
Pour oil from your natural peanut butter to save calories.Warm in microwave to spread.
OK, grown-ups, what to get your mom for mother's day? Are flowers too boring?
Awesome day with you !! We got some pretty cool s.w.a.g. too :)
Mr. Santorum do you support indefinite detention provisions in NDAA?
RT : will talk about his social commerce web service start-up & his experience, Monday March 5th 8pm
Hey, there. Do you own the domain passer.by? Message me either way, please.
re: give a man a fish: give a man sushi and make him really happy!
no worries I figured you did.
i was literally screaming on the top of my lungs when you guys where performing i love you guys:) FOLLOW PLEASE?
flirting with their bf they go Crazy!! And start Cussing! & glad you didn't. You have Class (: but that's not a question!
someone should get on twitter & talk to me :)
It's all good lol.
It would be 2,000 years before there would be a #Jewish fighting force.
Happy Bike to Work Week. For the first time in the 2 years I've worked here the bike rack was full (4 bikes, it's a small rack).
... It is not his decision alone to make... Legislature and voters will be involved.
Happy and a healthy New Year all!
so who is deactivating ???
most recent Neck Break Kill scene that comes to mind #TheIncredibleHulk (saw it again at Ultimate Marvel Marathon)
He is moving to miami for about 3-6 months(:
Get the facts (in 140 characters or less). Tweet your questions and we'll give you the answer!
Generating ideas for getting the word out about Ko-Thi Dance Company. Exciting!
What about "Do you like your results on Yahoo!?" :) For real though, I like the "…what are you doing to get people"
Back to crossfit. I almost collapsed.
Great legalshield training about what offered as employee benefit and greatperk for firms to offer
Thanks for the shout out. We are still waiting on to get a team of yall together to go "Streaking"
That's fair.
I'm scared but I can do this!
I miss you guys! : Watching the Super Bowl with the fam! Tons of food, noiand fun! Lots of commentary on everything!
where is audition being held or what does one has to do7??
I miss you.. But it's time to move on...
Not all photos should be Instagramed. Some require heavy Photoshop. Some of you need to get on that tbh.
They will probably say it can be used as a weapon... , better to put it under the plane...
Got my mom a planner, "Go away Annette" coupons, gift card to Macy's, and a teddy with a necklace around it. Im such an angel.
follow follow follow
today was a shit day
#FavoriteLyric - "Never give up, never let go, never give in." ~ :)
Well I hope every one is going, to have a safe and fun 4th of July week end. I'm off for four days I'm going to enjoy it. Be safe have fun.
Fave bkfast- NYC everything bagel w/ veggie cream cheese & coffee w/ FF milk. Hard 2 get now that I live in CA!
Made my day. Any chance you can post the whole thing?
How was it?
Also we will be celebrating our boy Nicks b-day!! Come out!
Maybe you should coach the Celtics. You consistently make very good observations about the game.
Thanks for coming in!! RT 2nd time this week I'm having lunch my new favorite restaurant! #I<U+E328>ThisPlace
institutional archive photography you are driving me nuts but are still better than most place's IAs/
Oh I am. Spring Training is so close I can taste it. RT : think baseball!!!!!
RT if the number 13 is special to you? A Directioner should know what this number indicates.
I have 1 for you..RT The summer is going to filled with scouting models and rubbing elbows with some influential individuals.
Yes! It is on the schedule. Miss you, Sunshine. :)
haha oh my gosh! his voice kind of got deeper though
Side note: Learning and growing often requires a behavioral change
New iteration of our customer dashboard rolling out. please let us know if you experience any general weirdness.
it's the younger generations NSYNC or BSB I think...
TGIF get 20% off all purchases from 5pm-7pm today (and every friday)
I saw one in Virginia but stopped at "Writers are responsible for their own meals." Pfft. I can do that at home.
my pleasure! thanks for the great work you do. :)
It feels so weird knowing I'm home and not going back to school in IL ever again. Anyone know any jobs that are hiring cute, upbeat workers?
" Strippers that are 30 telling niggas that they 26 "
I know!!! What's your week look like?
Morning people: stop being evil. Leave the rest of us alone.
Hi Christi! :)
Who wants Roseanne for President? Tell me!
I would help if i was there...good luck!
Breaks and rotors shot and ac not working on the hottest day of the yr. Oh bother /:
To be honest, I feel asleep for JaVale McGee's big Game 5. I wish I didn't.
Oh God
Friday night, Lost On LeMans at Gallery13 with some awesome other bands, check it out and tell your friends :)
New York<U+2708> Paris
yeah it sucks sumo wrestler balls xD
love them boston boys
50s for next 3 days.. enjoy while it lasts!! :D
EXACTLY!! Don't have a problem with the story Monica, coz I used kinda like you.
whats good ma
HAHAHA okay. Will leave the chicken off the desk if/when invited. Yes, I will be there! Beignets here I come!!!! Ha.
sure thing! looking forward to tweeting!
5th Annual Beer Experience 3-8pm @ the Hilton...HUGE Banquet Hall THIS SATURDAY ... RT Everyone excited for Saturday???
OK Matty I see you on Twitter!
Jimmy the Greek!
I need a man like Kenny Wormald
I need RESPONSIBLE people in my life.
I just wanna hold your hand.
lmao, i gotchu but tell me about Madagasca ma, i would love to come there for a week
agh..I'm in the wrong state. have fun tonight
Had a Tripel Karmeliet while brewing; not as good as the draught
Stomach hurts
Why is there a firework show in Crestwood?
it's okay I just had to pick up my bro that's why I was in a rush
I think all videos should go to YouTube 1st in order to keep track of views and the origin of the viewer.
In class thinking so hard I can't even focus on the lesson...really wanna move far far away another state sound so good right now
Coffee makes sense and cents makes dollars. www.ogoverview.com
Show some support for our new follower!
Can you guess who we have in the studio tomorrow? If you guessed you were correct!
Disneyland?! I have a season pass now!
Jenny Lind performed at Castle Garden again on May 7, 1951. This was to be her "Last farewell concert in NY"
Rubber band outside of school: Eh. Rubber band inside school: Endless enertainment.
hey, thanks for posting! Made my week. S/O to my old life in Ocean Beach! God knows I miss SD so bad.
apparently #BonIver is a music elitist? Those other characters are not musicians. Clearly based on people's reaction to them. RT...
That's some disrespectful ass shit
Amanda is wondering why michaelbee isnt at work earning money to buy theaux a pony
Where are you guys?
The guy i like is talking to me :o blush!!
im celebrating 2nd place n the county playoffs softball.and when u coming 2 rock down here n milwaukee ??
What is that again?
heh. RT Some people are alive simply because it's against the law to kill them...
I will indeed. I got to know Julienne a bit through conferences and The Carter Center.
Party over here, party over there
Nicki Minaj continues to give me reasons to not like her. That was downright terrible!!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 56 to 61.
Not surprised the issue was that she thought the giant seating assignment # on the tckt was her gate (A44) but the gate was in C terminal
Uh, Nas really likes that Ciroc, huh? Product placement isn't even slightly subtle these days..
2012 is going to be an awesome year for EWC! Be sure to come in for an awesome sweepstakes and promo coming soon!
: Don't forget to tell them how much their parents hate them, too.
we thought it was silly too! We have a ton of em
There's got to be a better nickname for me out there. Find it. Bring it to me.
Happy 420 Chris!
Fuck today already.
MonitorDaily - News – Consortium Creates $300 Million Solar Lease ...
Yeah for sure doggy hit a homie up! Im out after 4
welcome! how are you today?
Katie to Jordan,"I wish I could throw these burning sticks at you."
Starting to work on my new screenplay--exciting to tackle a new challenge!
Why not just drink hot ocean water then?
haven't seen main roads yet, but interior roads are slushy but drivable.
Good morning world!!! :)
The GOP was in office during the Kent State massacre.Listen up students and parents of students this could be you or yours.Think about it.
The little yeasties are so happy with my imperial pumpkin ale, they blew off the air lock today and my apt smells like pumpkin pie! Awesome!
Jamming out to boys II men!! Its been 20yrs since they got together wow
So my teacher is obsessed with the hunger games, lol. Hopefully im gonna see it again this weekendd!
How Am I Being Bad???
Going to Legal Sea Food while you are there? :)
but u said it won't reach top 20, it became a top 10 hit! And she didn't even promote and they dropped the song for WFL :/
I assume full responsibility for my actions, except the ones that are someone else's fault.
Getting ready to interview singer Al Jarreau for noon newscast. He's in concert Wed. night at Pantages in Mpls.
I guess I'm relieved I found my work blackberry..?
study so you can buy me a plane ticket to come visit!
They ask a billing address cause it's also a pay site. I have a debit card for my checking but I never had to enter cause didn't
love sharing opportunities to those willing to execute.
ooh you got that 532 number right
After re-reading alot of my texts, I realized I'm a habitual lol-er. I think I need an #intervetion. Lol....
A sock?! Full of butta?!
Following! Good luck! ": You've retweeted, but haven't followed me :("
Smh obviously means "shake my hand"
At the Mattress Factory for pregame, then the March To The Match for vs Denver at #FortressMorrison !!! Be There!!!
ok when I get home I let u know
“: One day you’re gonna remember me and how much I loved you… then you’re gonna hate yourself for letting me go.”
h8 on it
- excellent Getting Started and/or jumping off point. Thanks.
Quite true. A reporter's legitimacy is based partly on their editor's and publication's reputation, but also on their own record.
I need some graphics dude. Give me a shout.
Mourning over. Bring back Bitchbart avatar.
ACRL Futures Thinking: filling up fast....
Think I may put it on ebay. Had several offers and not sure how else to do it fairly
#bestestfriendsforverright? you awesome Venezuelan kid!
Woot Woot, you guys are all such great motivation to get in shape!!! Can't wait for this season to start!!!
Thank you to everyone who stopped by our booths at #JavaOne and #OOW11 this week. See you all next year!
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT!! QSP & FLY YOUNG PRESENTS: THE SEDUCTIVE SUNDAY NIGHT TAKEOVER @ CLUB SUPERIOR!! STRICTLY FOR THE GROWN & SEXY (21 & up)
First Look At Adriana Lima In The Victoria ’s Secret Swim Catalog 2012
a peek into the mastermind. I like it :)
Watching the rest of this awful Uk game @ my bros and I'll head that way for the real game #lsu/bama
Off to the fitness centre to work this body! My oncology check-up came back GOOD ... WBC = 6400 :) Still in remission! I can have sushi now!
send me it by message then.
This day just really annoys me
sorry, i was at lunch. just responded to your email.
Hey Phil!! I like your face, will you marry me???
The Pacers represent the Central Divison, us Milwaukee folk should be rejoicing, they're representing us lol
#loop and I, then writing forever.
sorely tempted; car maintenance might moot it, though RT : Looking forward to hearing Rick Hess speak at 11am today in Bavaro Hall.
Launching next version of Bonamour website next week, stay tuned....
I would buy a Houston #Texans #Manning Jersey
i am on tour soon! Serbia waits for me :)
When spending money is limited, the consumer is everything.
TGIF! We hope all our followers have a great weekend! We offer #FREE #Jewelry #Cleaning, mention this tweet to cashier!
Oh my. The car seat.
i luv u
Oracle Unveils Sun ZFS Backup Appliance for Oracle Engineered Systems
I need a do over today
via text.."Drink everytime Kansas has 2 white guys on the floor" -
<U+2606> "Forget and forgive, it helps you live." ~ Happy December ~ <U+2606>
4th grade enjoying golf in their P.E. Class. #growgolf. .
Biz Buzz for May 14, 2012: Harvie is the creator of Health Care Without Harm's Healthy Food in Health Care Initiative and was named t...
Only my mom could make a batch of brownies that I don't like..
Tampa bay got Barron
White-collar crime.
More rabies cases than usual this year in Arkansas - Coshocton Tribune
Box seats tonight for the Spurz!!! Green has been awesome to watch.
lets go shopping on thursday, ok? Btw is Barbara :)
no doubt
It was not a problem until I downloaded the new OS!
Your beautiful your beautiful it's true
let's calm down now, we both know that's not ever going to become a problem
Perhaps, to honor both administrations that pursued OBL a layer of chocolate, and one of yellow cake.
Why is there traffic at 10:40pm on a Tuesday?! Oh right. You live in LA.
I'm totally honored. Thx.
GO PACK GO! (who cares if it's preseason?)
GOP, if you are not for the American people you are not representing the PEOPLE WHO ELECTED YOU. Special interests who buy you will kill USA
Milan and Hong Kong are two fashionable cities I follow.
"When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book." ~ Poet and Author Margaret Walker
Why not 1 of each!!! :) After all the #derby is on #CincodeMayo!! Celebrate BOTH!! :)
English class. #yay... #just kidding
never drank in high school.
At work. Pretending to work.. Looking up mini elephants.. As usual... So cute. I want one
Can't see em cuz its money in the way.
Anybody up at this hour? Provide us entertainment! <3
would you bring me a box of Eat N Park cookies when you move to LA?
lol I already did
You Ever Been with someone that u cared about so much that they drove u to the point of not giving a Fuck after while?
Welcome to MKE. Wish we had better weather for you here the next few days.
mumford & sons!
its like that ? Lol thats a lot ! I'll just text you when I need to talk to you haha
Just completed Week 2 - Day 2 (completed 2.05mi with run pace of 10:45 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with app
my mom loved it!!
why you cryin?
ah... Im so Happy(: My Jersey Girls Just got here! I missed them so much <3 Great dayy!
Thanks for the years of hard work and memories #JasonVaritek. Always our Captain
Time limits have cut 23,000 Washingtonians off from resources that support work and keep them engaged with the economy.
Happy Thanksgiving! Use to save money on post holiday drinks with the fam!
Nothing wrong with starting my day off with eating breakfast,drinking coffee, & watching Entourage from the night before!
You're not the first to attempt it, you won't be the last.
hope you have a great day! <3
Starting your day off right can change how the rest of your day goes. It's good to start strong so you have resolve to finish strong.
This sudden rash of homeless people pan handling with their small children is killing me :0(
you're crazzzayy
Well it happened, I'm totally into the new Justin Bieber single.
French toast, bacon and cheesy eggs for breakfast. today is going to be a good day!
Applying my first full body film for the iPad. This is going to be a royal pain in the ass.
So glad that everyone else missed on cuz the Bills struck gold.
Hello Sunshine, it's mighty good to see you are doing fine, & although it's been a long long time. I still fine that you heavy on my mind..
would live to say hi at Tre Bicchieri
#Bitch aint even worth the shoes she walked out in...
on the road of life when ur wife list status as married &her interest as men on face book ,buddy u missed some signs after shes gone street
“: Sometimes all I want is run away from my life, but I know it won't solve any problems. So I choose to stay and fight.”
Belly dancing brings out the shimmy in Shelby
doont tell me your'e there for me
Now's a good time to go beast mode or whathaveyou. : Seven runs in ONE game! Brewers averaged 2.7 runs in previous 10 games.
ok - admittedly I was going to bash u for not having a video that was Levon Helm/The Band related...however, u win. U win BIG.
Thanks for the best story written about us and the tweet to your followers. We start our Internet Radio Show on Oct. 5th
Omg this oblas oil is strong Af!
Just bought a month of unlimited yoga to ! So excited!
Played hooky tonight. It felt amazing.
yep, junior prom, & senior ball
And forget entirely about dating...they're already asleep.
I have a springform pan, but have never used it.
i swear if he asks out my crush for me, without my permission. I will beat him into a pulp.
Dear World: Asterisks are not bullet points.
#first40songsonshuffle 36. Just Lose It - Eminem
I dont care IM ME!!!! # ucanthandlethis
I'm doing a song swap w/ Libby Koch @ the Firehouse Saloon in Houston this Wednesday @ 7:30pm. If you're around stop on by!!
Jess Lawrence of speaking about Aligning education with healthy goals
Mildly-Above-Average Man
How Do You Measure the ROI of Social Media? You Don't
Per the #FollowFriday tradition, make a beeline to
the other part of my brain is Ruxin.
The Weeknd has the same birthday as me...That's so cool lol
how is your week
Amen!!! RT : I hate mothafuckas who lie about NOTHIN
To all my friends in Japan, I send my thoughts and prayers to you that you are ok...
excited to see how fits in! I'm sure it will be my favorite for sports viewing!
Ha! Exactly! :)
Fun watching #NASCAR at Darlington tonight...with an assortment of post race activities! LOL!
all I ever did was love you.
I need someone to cuddle with so I can go to sleep /:
#13 My favorite singers are Taylor Swift, Ke$ha, Katy Perry, Ariana Grande.
Thanks Liz!
Thanks! Hope to see you around soon...
i need to get back into the habit of sleeping more hours
At #1940census, Grandpa Wright was farming, sister Clara Ellen was a bookkeeper at Aladdin factory, sister Barbara had no occupation
Get ready for day 3 tonight :)
that ...or yer fukkin special! LOL Everything about Twitter is random
I'm do bad with twitter, either I don't even look at it for weeks, or I'm addicted and can't put it down for weeks.
Pinterest is so addicting!
Awesome start to the New Year: my best week of yoga practice EVER this past week! Bodes well for 2012 & beyond.... Bring it on!!
from here! Would like to invite you to the graduation show March 17th. I'll be showing!
The more independent artists that can make a career of their skills the more diverse the music scene will be.
- why the hell would you do that? You gotta never do that anymore.
EST 4 Life
Thanks Natalia! (and for tx for RT) I think we'll hear about Lady-Robots-MSA very soon, too!
Always sick during mid terms. Never fails.
Lots of white boys rockin their hats to the side around here. Sad.
I must clarify I will never root for the #SounderFC!
Hey! How about Florida? :)
They saying I fell off?....oh I needed that!
#bullsnation Rose is a beast!!! Swoosh all game till the end!!
RT : do you know any #SUSIAS? tell them to FOLLOW US..HAHAHA!
If I give in to the Avengers then I'll be rewarded with another 3D Herzog. click heels… click heels...
My sister is making assorted alcoholic drinks on the iPad......did I mention she's eleven..
": How many days till #MSU kicks your ass? ;)"sorry not happening i smell a side bet upcoming
Singing at #thebluebird tonight!!:))
Great class this morning, free lunch, track practice cookout, took gunner for a walk, now hangin with the housemates.
It's just outside Geneva so hoping to live there!
stuck in the shipleys line lmao...oh wellz:p
1/2 Great Horned Owls are by far more common and Great Grey Owls are mainly found in Canada. Unless she was in...
If there are degrees of asshole, I'm the pressing the crosswalk button even after watching you do it because maybe you did it wrong kind.
Waiting to see Skybox and What Laura Says at the High Dive! AZ bands represent!
Long day of taking care of my busy baby rewarded w/ a Yeungling & a whiskey.
why the heck could it not be next sat. Night the 12th. I'll be there then, dang I love me some Terri Clark!!!!
I should probably get up!
Cutting my hair during tha summer.
Horsing around makes me :)
not muchh, you ?
Medieval Times<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
congrats on the upgrade to Extra. I am not sure if it was worth all of the study or not.
Planning my costume for a murder mystery party this evening...I just hope I'm not the killer!
Looks like I'm starting over with new application at new school...after 2 months of work!!
How about dunking?? RT cant wait to teach a young girl in Miami how to properly shoot a jump shot.
Can't wait for the game tomorrow.
That's why I think the MLS actually certifies some kind of misfire in the brain. We need it to explain our condition.
Welcome to the Family. #GoCougs #PiratesonthePalouse !!!
Americans encouraged to eat more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fat-free/low fat dairy & seafood.
It's good to catch up with an old friend!
haha ill have to look up his stuff!
anything for such a great cause :)
Let's go rangers!
thanks you're secsi !!
not that I know of, I actually work at 6am so I'll probably be watching from the bar at my work.
Where Brooklyn at? - biggie smalls voice....
The book that made me first love reading was Where the Red Fern Grows
NP: Thelonious Monk Quartet w/ John Coltrane, At Carnegie Hall. Stunning!!!!!!!!!
Only $35 for a $75 Primo Package. Includes a Regular Car Wash + Handwax. Book at this price today only.get it at eartcarwash.com/Appointment
Before I started understanding football I thought "special teams" was for the retarded players.
If the Jets can land Nnamdi expect the Jets to blitz even more then they did last year
huh? english please lol
Ah...I see bro. Rockin' the Focus...said goodbye to the Contour...almost made scene.
being ignored <<<<<
In Music Meeting- Rooney “I Can’t Get Enough” Pop-tastic diddy driven by acoustic w/ a serious Howard Jones complex
I'm in a great mood!
I won't be there! Sorry. My last day was Friday. It wasn't the original plan but you'll be fine.
if u gon drive like a lil bitch, stay off the hwy.
Also applies to the Metro.
#ThingIDislike the redskins
YES! Why didn't I think of you?! It is the 29th and 30th in Bham. Available?
Productive day, business ideas, got to 20 pages on my paper, created a about.me page and ended my day at the gym. WORK WORK WORK
I'd love to, inventory at work till 2 am
"Sometimes the best helping hand you can get is a good, firm push."
Just reread To the Lighthouse for the first time since high school. Still kicks my ass.
#SpikeyMikeyTo100K get it trending
I do that too with certain dishes that I love and then freeze the rest. Love the leftovers for lunch.
if you had said "pink" I would have had no idea what ur talking about
I love having things to look forward to.
Money Saving Tip #38: Create a visual reminder of your debt.
Q; How old are you?
I bet they are :) I want to meet them so bad! What episode r u in
Quote of the Day: Sooner or Later, the sun shines through! Thank you Lord!
Wonder where Katy Perry's inspiration came from tonight…
/mixviaky-ellen…... this song is dedicated to ellen and everyone who loves to dance! Cus I love you Ellen!
RT : His girlie is holding on tight!!<hm really? Lol
We sing freedom songs today for the same reason the slaves sang them, b/c we 2 are in bondage & the songs add hope 2 our determination..-MLK
thanks ma'am! It's the ONLY polish I wear <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
headed to a conservation event in West Seattle @ Lincoln park. Come visit!!
what's your middle digits?
Hey ... Looked at your portfolio ... Thumbs up on the pics.. :0)
I hold my breath whenever he leaves the pocket.
I jest of course. I didn't even watch the game. I paid bills and consoled myself with chocolate and Battlestar Galactica.
100% positive the people at the table next to me are both brother & sister and husband & wife.
And of course, some celebrities rumored to be gay are straight and are the victim of homophobic rumors.
thanks so much! We love you too!
supports 's #campingban. I'll have my pancakes elsewhere.
My twin just made an Instagram account follow her --> DianaERomero & me too:) CandyMRomero1
Construction companies have 6 guys doing the work for one, its BS. Loans to deserving small biz is what we need the most, LEND!
perfect i will send it first thing in the morning, thank you
I thought so
Y U NO
Travel Tip: Leave copies of your itinerary, passport and visas with family or friends, so you can be contacted in case of an emergency.
...which is open source and free. A lot like Blacklight (also built on Solr), but for genealogy and historical records!
I'm gonna be mad tired in the morning
I think the chargers look really solid, maybe up there with the "dream team" perhaps! and the patriots, win the super bowl!
Over the river and through the woods.
If you have to ask "can I pull off a bowtie?" The answer is always "No."
#bizforum +1 Listening/ Acknowledge goes long way. Most cust will give more time 4 accuracy/ quality
You did a great job tonight. Hope you're not too worried about it.
how we lookin on da health front homeboy, u good?
congrats to Louisville Basketball star and his soon to be wife on their engagement!
Love your twitter handle!!!
I got the car, buy our tickets, get a hotel if we want, and let's go.
three days of class and three days of finals
Already counting down the minutes until I can have my leftover for lunch. This is my life, don't be jealous.
Buy 1 Product & Get another at ½ OFF! Valid in Store ONLY! (exp - May 31, 2012)
I might enjoy some madness for a while
S/o to for making my day <3 Follow Her!!!
Packers on the clock, pick is in and it's.... Nick Perry!
“Hey…You Don’t Know Me.”…Well Lets Both Thank Karma For That…
Thanks also for the tour. I love what you guys are doing & look fwd to getting further involved!
Only 10 more picks...
Good grief, , why won't you just send a picture of yourself holding twine? It's not that hard.
Thanks for including me today!
first of all welcome to #NOLA :) second of all we would love you to come and try us out on magazine street. you'll love the vibe!
cool!! Is that in the city? I take voice from !! She is AMAZING : )
Help us reach 1,000 views today! Exciting action teaser for the feature film, Double Fury!...
Totally gained street cred w/ a customer when he saw that I had twitter opened on my pc. I ain't no fuddy-duddy librarian! :-)
Do Look at me with promise, compassion, honor, pride, love, sincerity, thoughtfulness, kindness and Respect.
Old friend just said she's sorry I had to go through Cancer. I'm not. Taught me never be ashamed of my Faith or say I love you. I need both.
Evil router, framing Comcast to make me think they were causing the internet problems. It was you all along!
thanks for following, then unfollowing. ha.
thank you for your point of view.;)
Im jealous of you! Your soo beautiful :) <3
I'm going!!! I'm SO fuckin stoked! Can't wait till the 14th of feb :) gonna sing along with every song :)
Deal. maybe?? But I guess u would have 2 stay with me :)
The things people do for money...smds
And baseball. (Although the sun's not out here.)
ultimate ping pong the best game ever !!!
If only.
run!!! “: Deciding btwn a long training run tmrw am in CP or a class w/ Take a wild guess #nyrr #manhattanhalf”
I also experienced an earth quake & was given the book Invisible Cities.. How are you guys doing?
#iMessage for Mac will be part of Mountain Lion and is now downloadable in Beta. It is really cool.
waiting on me to get on there
YES YOU GOOD GO BIG Behind every able man, there are always other able men.
:) yes! I used to go run down there when I was in HS
OK....this is what i need yall to do... Pat your head and rub your belly....
but only for you I'll eat it
When they KNOW the risks and do it anyway, it is PROOF OF INCOMPETENCE
Our #ripple #ipad app just got approved today!
hello did I make your show #Thristy lol :)
function function function!!
Lol im in a play its awesome lol im rehearsing now lol
A musical about the Titanic :) Opening night is the week after next and behshavakw
fasting your belt hippie!
Eh, yeah. A little.
Make the most of everyday with your loved ones. They are your greatest treasure!
you're moving to Indy???? That's where I live!
My brother and I just finished our ADKOT on vinyl "listening party." So much fun picking these songs apart. Fantastic album.
4 hours to enter competition! Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms #Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
#NP : Devin The Dude Ft. Snoop Dogg & Andre 3000 : What A Job (-:
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 69
I love mornings. I wake up and realize I have more XP today than I did yesterday. That much closer to leveling up.
yo can you email us about potential radio opportunites?
Thank you kindly. Please let us know if you have any questions in regards to probate or estate planning tips.
Check out The International Poker Rules @ http//www.FIDPA.com
We just got our first follower and he won free coffee and donut!!
You forgot the "Embarrasser" (not a word) on the INSH scale. I'll have to explain that in a blog post.
its alright i forgive you :p
. Movie concession lines are slow because it takes awhile to process bank loans for overpriced soda and popcorn.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
I'm gonna spend it eating Spaetzel
That's a great pic! I love that you like A Walk To Remember.
That's why we're open every single day. Come on in for breakfast!
On #teamfollowback....now recruiting! ( :
Watching Billy and Mandy. :)
nursing a hangover
At the dang verizon wireless store. Funny how easy it is for them to sell u a phone. Difficult to impossible to get service.
Ig boosie put an x pill in some of my followers booty holes the way they goin crazy for em
If only... Who's gonna be the first to cash in on a Game of Thrones clothing line?
Tweet me numbers and ill tell you what I like best about your account. Bio username or icon.
Glad you joined the Boston DH group Giuseppe! I look forward to meeting you in person.
both of them?
Merry Christmas everyone! <3
Welcome to the family...
technically it was placed in the proper receptacle
Holy shit, I successfully compiled RT
u like dirty south beats?
It makes me so mad. Ugh
Huge block by Davis. Transition three. is a happy man.
i just told you! He came to see our performance!
In typical C-legs fashion, it's rainy and 35 degrees!! Time to get crazy!!!
The only hope for me is you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Solas bar 9-11, fashion music blog website event
that's cool and a role model too ;-) have a good night and sweet dreams stay healthy
That's interesting but good that twitter now suggests people you should follow...wow...nice upgrade twitter
For sure man...great friends great beer great food can't beat it! And two words....Garlic Fries! LOL
You are kidding me..
My Klout score went from 25 to 43 in one day. Thanks for driving up my score -- whomever you are and whatever you did.
Sun burnt B)
we've been burning all these trees & limbs in a giant pile in our field, now I smell like a campfire :)
I always cum extra hard at work at my desk. I guess it is the thrill of knowing someone could walk in my office any moment.
The secret life of american teenager!!! Interesting show
Had a good day in class thanks to #pbl. Students designed home for Japanese dignitary visiting dc, some got really into it.
Thanks for the shout out! RT outlines the benefits of unions, like better health insurance and wages
Really doesn't know why she's watching the #SuperBowl. Football sucks, halftime show sucks now. Only interested in commercials :) haha
RT : RT : How about the Model T? - what about it? #clouduc8 <Might be difficult to upload to the cloud...
aww it makes me wanna cry when I see him cry :'(
Looking forward to Directing "Jaquon Story's" Music video "Trade"
RT : So. Many. Amazing. Women. Thank you to all who came to support us. It was an epic night!
On the float w/ & Sky Dancers in 2Nite's Tx Cavaliers River Parade. We r 1st AND last float.
Ask not what Mambo can do for you, but what you can do for Mambo.
Ugh. So many twitter friends got hacked this weekend. Have you changed your password lately?
Today is the National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy - Don't be a Statistic!
I deleted a tweet so it would go back in the 7,000s and I redid my 8,000th tweet.
I wish I could go to this, but I'll be in DC all day!
Nice to be able to cut-and-paste!
have a great night!
I cant believe its over for good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
no so you can give it to me
great! Follow back!
May you live all the days of your life. ~ Jonathan Swift
Sure, why not? It's one of the best sports nicknames!
It was fun. Replays of the video. Raising voices. Oh...great times
We're taking a poll - what's your favorite book turned movie?
R u part of it or attending the panel
Addison Reed brother of #Cubs minor leaguer Austin Reed.
Convinced that during games once the blowout ensues (2 batters in), will invite for "Hug It Out PA'ing"
nope! Security
To the sat show??? Not very sneaky;) RT: sneak me in!!!!
Never heard of it. No.
Wine, Art, Travel-3 great reasons to follow Athena #studyabroad alum & friend! RT : I want to be #Follow ed
Every man want some pussy from a girl he talk to ... Some niggas just play it smart and some dont care ..... Somebody tell me im wrong
Design leads all else.
a man opening the door for me
I'm all about the rum toddies at this point.
I need air...
it's delish- you have to try it!! And congrats, you married lady!!!!!!!:)
yeah it's gotta be a 2 man team... Might want to find someone w o kids...ha
Buy a horse, name it "Oscar takes the lead" enter it in horse races.
My favorite character on Seinfeld was probably Carl Winslow.
Late Night Happy Hour kicks off at 10 - $5 Drafts.
They make the commercial about melo not missing late game free throws, and he misses ok.
LOVED IT
Jam take the lead with 1:05 left to play (96-91)!
thanks for the retweet, and any time! i love being a part-time coach, part-time matchmaker (while 100% of course!)
its midnight and I'm having a smorgasbord.
The universe is too vast for them to contemplate, I think. Unbearable, and chaotic. So they chose to believe in comforting lies.
Lost my entire code file due to the Windows sharing violation bug! Kill me now. My fault for not using version control.
on the train today i pulled my laptop out of my suitcase, and oopsies my underwear was stuck to it. the man next to me really enjoyed this.
we are don't even worry aboit that :)
Theater Theory; suck my dick, go hang urself then get ur dead corpse fucked. Nobody gives me the same grade I would have got had I not tried
wow, congrats!
how many do you get mad at the stupid printer in the office?
Fun shoot planned this weekend! Can't wait!
Tonight - & pennyroyals live at Sullivan Hall - 1 block south of washing sq prk on sullivan st! 18 & ove - 8 pm!!!
U Workin?? Girl I ride Dolo! Dha Person I Talk Too Is Paula! I Dont Fuck NoBody Else! Sometimes its best to ride alone!
Judge Patterson: "follow your passion; work on your strengths" #SACUBO attitude: "what does your staff say about you?"
don't forget about me . <3 cause i knoee i'll never forget about you . | ever |
Society my love. The biggest bitch of them all!
So true.
Hi! Who from Cafe des Amis will be at your cooking class?
It's called "Personal Training", I take the time to get to know you and your fitness needs.
ski poles!
Thanks for following although I'm a lefty. LOL Go Giants!
Think most of my FB friends must be older, no baby or kid pics. Cars, motorcycles, pets, gardens…
Superhero Sunday on the FX channel tomorrow
David Starr Jordan~ Wisdom is know what to do next virtue is doing it.
S/O to for being der when i need her. And for being the truth ;)
its a joke!
S/O to my new followers!!!! Grind'n is a habit.....get like me!
And somehow I always end up back at 7 Grand. Nursing a dagny taggert...
RT : Whether you watch or play, get into the game at happy hour! Arcades in the midway and B-ball on the big screen:...
After your fix, come check out summer apparel!!
I don't know if you feel the way I do. If you leave I'm gonna find you. Baby, please don't go.
for skool or like ur weekend little break for like 2 days?
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?x34
My last rt is funny af seeing that I just had a conversation about that lmao s/o to for that one!!
#DayWithoutWikipedia A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist? NO THANKS! Censorship is more dangerous than copyright infringement.
thank you, Amy! :)
The gun and roses!! Bwahaha!!!
In the universal scheme of things, what a person thinks about me is of no consequence.
so fucking dumb
.. lol nice ... u still working
#Twitter lists can be great tool to manage followers so you can read more easily.
Excellent Article !!
I'm a little on drunk on you and high on summertime
why not?
Ooohh... I wanna see the options!
Ready to eat some Bdubs!
Are we beefing?
Great job in the guys! Loved it!!
Dropping Brainlyn Ferry
It's mr steal ya girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Wow Tigers land Fielder for 9 years 214 million!!
interesting observation: We have not been tweeting much & our Klout score plummeted. No biggie: Klout is not "grief friendly" I guess /=o)
Happy mothers day moms!!z
omg arianna show me the song !?? <333 :)))
Last chance try our eye trackers & learn about AOIs on dynamic content after Susan's talk- Otherwise please find us @ smivision.com
Watch out for Saint Louis.
I mean, this experience has convinced me of the presence of a malevolent force in the universe. Nothing had before.
The next session, which starts at 1:15 p.m., features the Poynter Institute's Al Tompkins. He will discuss nonprofits and vet scams.
Thx. for the mention.
wow, 14 stadiums! Can anyone beat that? I've been to 4 ballparks in person, so I study photos on the rest before I paint them.
Same here. Been very very busy as of late. I may have to go to Trinidad in June so I have to make this money now.
Sitting here w/ my niece x she tlks alot :)
That means Peter Batty can step up!! ;-)
Hey girl,you're welcome.
I can't wait to have a little and be crafty
Bachmann clearly leading by her husbands example: Gay people can get married....just to someone of the opposite sex!!
come back to forever! Omg I'm gonna text u right now to tell u something lol
sweet, I think I remember hearing about that. Will check it out
it would be awesome if it was like a year supply of pickles or something lol
Patrons prefer #print #books over #ebooks if given choice, but ebooks checked out more over lifetime.
CBS: Issa fires off another letter to Atty Gen Holder re:
Thank you Monika - it was so much fun to engage with you and the rest of the audience #nwsocial!
Aww. You're adorable!
In your opinion what does it mean to be a man or a woman? Where did you learn these ideas from?
At Personal Training and amazingly on time!
Christopher Hahn sends my #MiseryIndex through the roof. These Libs on Fox must be paid a lot to prostrate themselves daily. Juan. Beckel.
Happy weekend! Full weekend filled with events but I am especially looking forward to tomorrow's Opera party at Bill Walton's home!
i love princeton so i would smack prod lolz sorry prod
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is to find love !!
I wrapped all my presents but forgot to remove the price tags! I'm not going back. What would you do? Ah, yeah your stuff was on sale ok.
Have you ever listened to a song so much that it doesn't even sound like anything anymore?
. Dog Bites Man is NOT news. Let us know when you decide to man up and bite it back.
Oh baby baby Oh baby baby ~ in the style of Usher
i'm seriously ready to go protest to the Gov't! All this nasty food that's readily available & sponsored by the gov't is KILLING US!
and I HAVE to see #womaninblack !!
Hey there and how are you???????
Now that's yummy. Miss NY Chinese food and no ring dings here either. Or mallomars !!!
Even in this digital era, light and time cannot be separated from photography! Photographs are pulled out of the flow of time
Thank you Brian!
Rihanna does not sleep. You can't argue with me on this one.
TERRIFYING SECRET: I'm loaded with free kisses.
DeShawn Stevenson has a brutal tat of someone's face on his throat.
UW's Chris Polk signs with Philadelphia Eagles after going undrafted - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
hehe, I didn't know what was gonna happen at the end... watched it on xtube... it was really gross! lol
No1 go to pre game pals
I think lack of good info about college quality is biggest reason market is so dysfunctional.
well its you twitter & you choice Im really Sorry I hated on you! i didn't realize how nice u were
This fish school is stupid I woke up at 8:30 for this shit and ends at 3:00 and its barley 12:00 :/
not that i talk to that faggit anymore either!! my life is a joke!!!
Run them out the gym
well, at least kevin garnett wants to have some sort of break in between series.
I just stop caring..
Thanks for sharing your great lunch ideas!
Thanks for picking up the press release for "Cowgirls N' Angels"!
thanks to im walking around my house singing "Starships were meant to crash" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
bring dem gold teeth and that swag to detroit.
This is moneybags "wtheck.. no Its June.. I'm pretty sure it's just a month"
where's the free BBQ at? :)
#YouKnowItsRealWhen post exactly what u thinking....
hey justin! Just wanna ask if when will you notice and follow me? Thank You <3
Some kind of new taco at taco bell
#mamasays shut up before i give u somethin to cry about lol
Haha your a fucking cunt just like tour fat ass girlfriend!!!
Returning to my hometown is like going back in time. Not only bc its been 17 yrs since I've lived here... The place exists a time warp!
great front page story! And at this rate you will write 500 animal shelter stories
I just finished a 3.50 mi run with a pace of 9'44"/mi and a time of 34:07 with Nike+ GPS.
Morning tweets have a bleeding Sunday
Power lunch from ! Fish tacos, #GF popovers, chopped salad and a brownie.
Thinks that "Bounty the Quicker Picker Upper" and BP need to talk!
i cant believe that im asking this from u guys. but should i stop swimming cuz i hate trainings and our coach:(?
Civil unions won't be equally protected under future laws that do not apply to marriage , and are simply a method of placation.
Three words will bring them back: SAVE BY LIUT!
#NF Sexy ass a women who likes the Packers thats wat it do
U know no offense but joe Jonas is like a womanizer he dates girls thn he nvr has the courage 2 break up with thm face2face or his dad does
Riesling week is coming to end... Come enjoy some world-class European Rieslings before it is to late.
turns out... It actually doesn't take that long to make your bed!!
Let's not get too ahead of ourselves boss.
New avatar compliments of what is up
Prom is today & its seriously raining! :O Wow shades.
I'm sitting here eating my Oatmeal N it's is raining outside-H-The- Movement
; Im Boutta Get In The Shower Soo Il Text You When iGet Out .
Lopez: "Ava has not had a normal childhood like she should because Ava's life is therapy. Ava looks at therapy as her norm."
Bad storm came through & we lost our power. Now it's on and we don't have air conditioning. Lovely
Its THAT bad????
Thanks to all who came to my first Open Office Hours breakfast! Mark your calendars for the next one: March 15, Jimmy's at the Park, 3rd Ave
Tired all day
You might as well live here with all the Wisconsin stuff you follow :)
SB320 was tabled last night. This bill would have dealt a blow to NM homeowners wishing to sell property with owner financing. Yay!
we may never know ;)
I read this and thought of you.. "Either you love bacon or you're wrong." <3
Thxs I'll check it out :)
I remember those earrings. They look lovely! That was a fun trip!
Many thanks to all who came out today for our #madhatter event it was such as blast! Thanks again to our buddies !!!
Everyone knows that one girl in high school who made fun of you because you didn't listen to pop music and is now a pretentious hipster.
I don't even think Jon Hamm has spoilers. And besides, why ruin a good thing
Congratulations on your award :) You deserved it <3
same. love you <3
Snap gr8 pic while being eaten alive like a true #Floriduh mom. RT What would U do if gator launched at your kayak?
:)RT : When people told me my late husband was "in a better place," i really wanted to respond, "REALLY? He's in PARIS?"
THERE SHOULD BE LOL~ RT : Is there a 24 hour vibrator delivery service?
Would you guys like to see a music video for Roads or take a gamble on one of the new songs?
has read The Complete Book of Ayurvedic Home Remedies by Vasant Lad -
I want some lol!
TURN ON THE LIGHTS!!!
mi amor when does the boyfriend full video come out i hope its soon cuz im getting impaitent
Tonight was awesome in all ways.
I swear you're the only one for me
_Thank you for starting to follow me today. Here are some others:
omg! That's what I'm having!
Thanks for linking to that. Beautiful.
New Internet Marketing Conference coming to Los Angeles, Ca. Stay tuned for more info.
"We are an advocacy group ... (but) you have to be strategic, and you have to have an option" Landmark Society exec director
Wednesday night - $6 pint & shot special! Sip your drink on the patio tonight
HAHA! Yeah, if only.....glad you loved it...we'll go soon!
Thanks, and for the intro to too. Had the chance to present to earlier this year and it was great fun!
Happy Hump Day too all Tweeps!!
": We were lucky to have and so are the Once a Badger, always a Badger! #OnWisconsin"
wish youtube would work properly
the Maglev train is quite a joke in Shanghai. It's too short and ends in the middle of nowhere so isn't very useful
thanks. Wilt changed the size of the lane and instituted major rule changes. Russell changed defense Magic changed size at the 1
I love my stepdad. I'm blessed.
I just watched the Brewers beat the Giants on a SQUEEZE PLAY in the bottom of the 9th inning ....
haha. no. we're actually phasing those avatars out. you can see my pic on the translation facebook page.
I agree with you guys should have your own reality show. Do you know how many views that what have???
I love both!!!
Just got off the phone with your dad. What are your plans mid-December? We play at Missouri State on the December 19th...
I'm contemplating going.
Thank you Eddy- please give me a few days and I'll contact you.
THE LIE THAT IS ART IS THE ULTIMATE TRUTH
Omg. Im jealous.
You need to take a second to turn it to FOX 12... after weather put together a very emotional story you have to watch.
Just watched ice t nail guest-perv James marsden on svu. Now time for PBS circus doc!
up early #getmoney $
No one cares.
Happy Valentine's day!
He coined the term Rise and Fired, which is the name of this blog.
Laughter is truly the best medicine! ;)
Thanks for the swag bag Bummed I couldn't be there. But, go SDSU!
RT : RETWEET! Just up on mmajunkie, is fighting this sat for #TUF Finale!
It reheats well -- saves time in the morning.
Thank you, , for a fantastic show in Indianapolis last night. Come back soon so I can bring my kid next time!
After day one, how's your bracket looking so far?
Sometimes I just wish all this pain will just go away
The teacher is late again.. At least I have more time to study for this math test!
Of course, my inability to do basic counting isn't helping any!
lol I see what you did there
If you haven't seen it yet, the series #Portlandia is worth it - takes on a whole new level of hilarity if you've spent anytime in
As am I
I PICK UP MY CAP & GOWN TODAY!!! YAYYYYYY ME...my mother was just telling me over the phone how proud she is of me and how i am so SPECIAL!!
Oh well... Ill get me some new shoes soon... I guess
Ohkay I Hope So Babe :* <3
Hey lady.....it's been a minute. We have to chat and catch up
We have a new server ready - vpn-dc4 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington DC. It's available in your customer area now.
I haven't been Happy with Someone in a While. I'd rather be Alone.
he has several you know! He is a pimp.
I think I'm addicted to craisins <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
What an outstanding night for staying in and working. So... so......... so much to do. Wow.
Break a leg on your opening of TOMMY tonight!
Friday night come to Club 38 243 W. Roosevelt rd. in West Chicago Sparkplug Assassins, Slam Bang and Negative One will be rockin the house!
Let's get back in the W column!
speaking the truth right here
December 1! I have plenty of time so I'm just doing a bit a day and hopefully I'll be ready by then :)
Aw....cat snuggling with duckie and baby seal
speakorspasm RT Check out for good beer - tried his Belgian Pale today, and it was beautiful! Thanks Bill!
They're so cute.
Of course, recently, I have called him names I regretted, such as "rake," "rapscallion," and sadly, "scoundrel."
I'm convinced the people up stairs are having UFC tryouts
Excitement builds as we prepare for #RMAF. Meet the man behind the technology, David Salz @ Marriott Tower - Level 11 ~ 1114
Hi ! Will you post your #govsummit address on Facebook?
cus orange juice is so damn addicting!
He has leukemia—and chemotherapy's weakened his immune system—so Christian Daniels, 12, of Hobbs, worried his pit bull bites wouldn't heal.
no joke.
Multiple mentions of surveillance here at #cdp21. I'd like to note that using the wireless gives permission to log your traffic
is about that!! Nice.play Pedey!
All we need know is for #TheHump to win and we'll do better t betting. #PlantOfSound was doing so well too!x
Please use the blog to post links to any reflections/summaries you write about #thatcamp SE! And share those collaborative docs there.
Congratulations 2 all 4 successful Chief Strategy Officer Summit-IE Group! Huge turnout! Your best, Mark!!
Making statuses about how drunk you wanna get. No seriously stop, you're too cool for me.
oh wow, its like thier totally diff people lol
Please tell me again where all this faith in humanity comes from
Tenn's philosophy of playing UL style ball and fouling the crap out of the cats is obviously not working.
Its about to be a long ass night.
wish mine would :(
If i had a certain amount of breaths i could use every week... Id probably be dead by now .. Waisting my breath on dumb ass ppl! So annoying
Callback today for Michael John LaChuisa's Los Otros.
RT,yeah even from this Longhorn. “: #sicem”
Churchin it up then to lunch oh and shopping. Hm
I wanna go to the strip club..
thanks man much love
Smash the beat for the savage streets where they blastin heat, cursed to be the first to be last or be the last to lead #Assassin's Greed
very true..I'm goin to warm the car up. #adios!
Need to find a puppy.
haha, I know right?!
agreed. They r friends with mine but haven't had the pleasure of meeting them yet. Officer stopped him on way home from ur place
this NIGGA so slow, I told him to get a thesaurus and he asked me what kind of dinosaur is that! Smgdh lol
": Earth Day is today!! But Earth day should be every day!! Think BLUE, think GREEN!! <U+2665>"
I love these girls "Sophia Grace and Rosie" so adorable and funny can't wait to see them on ellen
Hang on, let me check... nope, book's not done.
Looking forward to playing tonight with and !
#MSNBC #Nerdland P.S. Sometimes YOU try to hard!
found money is great, but getting your refund on time is probably better (compound interest!)
Thank you! “: Very insightful and refreshing use of social at World Bank #M2C2012”
jealous! Have fun :-)
yo u in new York?
Playing with and teaching teachers google products .. What is your favorite tool? Please respond! Thanks in advance.
ha ha lol bring them out next time! Please!!
They've gone to a two piece and things are getting ridiculous.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Brian Tracy
Fellow teachers, have you checked out #Studentsfacts? Lots of interesting insight there... makes me think.
where are you sitting? We're out in the bleachers by the Red's bullpen
Though certainly, issues that affect SNAPpers affect the rest of the field to some degree
Beats me, but some authors only write ninnies. Frustrating esp. b/c smart, strong females are not well represented in most books.
do u feel better hun I know u were going thru it today glad u stuck it out as long as u could
Dear internet friends,don't tell your employer that you can't work today and then post on FB that you went to a party last night. Just sayin
Thank You J.K. Rowling for many hours of great reading.
think it's time for you guys to get back out west....Portland to be more direct!
what's your ultimate goal in life?
I gotta get some sleep! Spread the word about that fake! Goodnight
Chruch Gotta Go
The Emporor's New Groove >>>
Thank you to all my new followers over the past few days.
Listening to others I don't know, they are too surrounded by the same opinions. They need someone to shake up their minds.
Your house is haunted if you come home to mysterious scratches all over ur walls!! #WTF juss kill me!! Hahaa
LISTEN TO MY MUSIC WITH HEADPHONES AND YOU'LL HEAR WHAT I HEAR AND FEEL THE DIFFERENCE FROM HEARING OUT LOUD AND NOT LISTENING...-YOUNG.S
I love the offseason.
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! .x.
Big rip Sori, let's keep it going - BB
#BaylorTaughtMe 's trending topic in a few years. ;) hahahaha :)
Eeekkkk what happened!!
Thanks to volunteers and sponsors of #codemash! Great conference! Y'all rock!
sorry it took me so long. :) happy to follow you
it's cold here. Quit yer bitchin'.
Bulk #wine inventory hits 12-year low according to Jeff Quackenbush, Business Journal Staff Reporter
Grace to you and Peace. That is my
#teamCAPBENSON , wish me good luck on this test tho
Hunkered down in the garage w/ dogs waiting for tornado & storms to pass & counting my blessings.
Truth: if I had known I was going to get sunburned, I would not have worn a v-neck shirt.
joins on !! Make sure and get ur radio dial set!
I can't stop screen peeking because the tv is too big
Come on Pack. Let's do it big tonight! Defense!
If u loan someone 20 dollars and never see them again.......it was probably money well spent!
Moving on to traffic because the rest of the topics in the #GUCampusplan review are going to "tale some discussion" saying Comm. Hood.
Thrill of It
When I wise up, I'll stop leveling arguments against the cognitive and linguistic faculties of the gibbering, loyal youth of social media.
makes my heart race.
: Sat & Sun solution? Should I watch TJ live & record Betty or vice versa?
Calling is like having room service at your home. No mess, no fuss, enjoy!
I'm saying . But apperently I suck dick lol
Marble countertops look great BUT may etch & scratch..Advancements in sealer tech.. have minimized staining.
Airport people watching. One of my favorite activities!
had a great time at the Showroom in #NYC today and proud to officially be a #Gibson Artist!
I tell both what eachothers plans are, I thought we were all friends? #growup all of you
Office day today, working on blog posts and logo ideas. Stay tuned!
you really need to stop going by yourself to Applebee's for the 2 for $20....
Preparing to spend the rest of 2010 in noble silence at an insight meditation retreat.
. A few days ago i heard that video showed marshall did not hit her. Now she didnt show to meet with detectives. Aparently lied
Thanks for the Retweets and comments!
thanks! I've been known to shock some folks:-)
My Myspace features a photo of my 16-year-old self posing with what I am assuming is a $20 acoustic guitar.
i will be spinning 45's mardi gras day at 819 st ann. plenty of room to dance!
I would like some cheez-its
Prosser on Waukesha vote issue: "seems to me this was a human error - it was a pretty big whopper - but it was a human error."
- ME TOO! I love food trucks... Super excited about tomorrow!
:I have on a sweater to keep the cold away! Don't u have a sweater to wear?! Mom says u like fuzzy socks-is that true? Stay toasty!
So LA will be playing the Blues next? Looks like I'll have to keep #GoKingsGo as a favorite hashtag.
56 minutes!! Nicely done.
Insomnia home fries.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
tell ya moms I said Happy mother's day cuh
Well isn't that special! Safari can't handle anchor links without a bunch of nonsense. Anchor links, if I'm not mistaken, predate the web.
Thank you sir!
Sarah your icon is so cute! You're freaking gorgeous:D<U+2665>
Our new Clinical Skills Center will cover 2 flrs & 25,000 sq. ft. We're having the grand opening at the end of the month. Details to come!
I'm assuming it is at the train station. Is that right? What hours will it be there?
Just one day until our Annual Awards Luncheon. Certainly hope isn't getting nervous...
Nice... torso?
Not yet, but those are great ideas. I'm petitioning my editors ASAP.
I knew that :p It was "Pearl" I was laughing at
a man told me he wanted to see me in a chicken mcnugget bikini. I figured you could appreciate that thought.
Moira: "Persians have big, thick cocks. Something a girl can gnaw on."
You still have time! To make it to busboys and poets and see me tell a story and try to win this contest :D
Oh, ODing is totally fine. I mean, unless you stop breathing, but, thats only happened to me once and I'm fine now!
ok just making sure. I'm here for you :)
About to start wrapping presents. Least favorite part of the holiday -__-
Can't even describe to you how jealous I am that you saw Timeflies tonight
Is anyone affected yet by the storms?
if u got a gift u better use it before u lose it ...timing is everythang ..u gotta be on time wit time to be workin _
not yet. heading downtown in 20 & will come by. if location changes for dinner or whatnot, let me know
DAMN! I've been on flip-flop patrol for TWO days. No sightings yet. Saw slippers on campus yesterday.
CUBAN SANDWICHES AND PASTELITOS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I haven't done giveaways but my lawyer hat days mandatory is mandatory. Didn't do it, DQ all entries
*yawns* boy am I tired!
Gets me every time!
Check out the #Muni F-Market train floating in the bay with a sail in Issue No. 6. We're at all of locations!
We hear you just did 7 laps in the Lambo over at ! What did you think? #AdrenalineRush #Vegas ^AP
"Don't let it get to you. Even if you don't realize it, it's still all up to you."
Its on May 8th..bring yo Mammy to the NEXT - Food Court of Vegas in HANSHIKTACO's main hub - 7421 W Lake Mead Blvd 89128
I meant - great arguments for "both"
RT Follow Biz owners #Leveraged 2012!
hey zendaya i'm such a big fan of yours! please reply or follow me and you will make me so happy i love shake it up ur the best!
kk I will
#YouNeedToBreakUpIf You can't stand being in the same room as the other person
I seriously just forgot it was Friday for a minute lol
i still dnt understand y u didnt play u let da whole state of #nc down
Ahem. 24oz. Thanks Joey, we do too! RT : Digging the 22oz cans of
I will fall for a boy who will love Jesus more than he loves me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I wanted to talk to you about a job opportunity
Yeah, disappointing see that.
Add power to your #writing by using statements in the positive form! In other words, avoid noncommittal language...BE ASSERTIVE!
If I just spilled coffee on myself...does that mean I can go home early?
I didn't know about Lily :( I hope all goes well.
“: Niggas do too much talkin and not enough action..” In the end more is always said than done... Expect it.
Still at work. I better get paid for this.
Only 2 chapters left and the book will be finished and ready for publishing, so excited!
dreaming about people you don't even talk to. <
Make room for the ones that you Love, make more room for the person your going to spend your life with.
Happy Birthday to our Next UK Punter!
RT : feeling honored to make the music mix for now i gotta fish threw a pile of vinyl and compact discs...
that's true.. haha but I want some from like sushi axiom
Lol! I thought I was the only one who did that :)
You have my heart, you don't need a ring.
The group at runs a literary site that becomes mandatory reading before too long. Indispensable, as few are. Look them up.
DC has such a great legal services community. Great to see so many familiar faces at #Covington where NLSP's new ED was honored.
I've been away for a while...back now. :> just in time for the Oscars! Yea!!
Morning Shane :)
Dear Toms, it's time to stop worrying so much about the African children and start worrying about the quality of your shoes.
I hate having a sun burn :( in so much pain.
you too!
Kelly Clarkson did WAY Better than Christina Aguilera coked up ass last year!!!
RE: agilezen Would this have happened before the purchase by Rally?
If he can not keep the conversation going, do not expect him to be able to keep the relationship going.
Things hurt me now. My knees hurt, my back hurts. But your head still thinks it's twenty-three. ~ George Clooney
That little nugget from Williams came right after a huge rant on the
well my twitter said if my tweeting is a problem feel free to unfollow me smooth.!! Hahha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Finally got to reading this one this morning. Now I've got at least 2 new problems. :p
how much you charge for beats and to record i need a producer i be tryna do my own shit but cant really get it crisp
I could still feel the Brews from last night rumbling around in my stomach. I'm in for a long day.
Thank God he's okay!
us too!
I already do!
Your Awesome!! Hahaa RT : Why fuss? I'd rather fuck.
it was a Tim Thomas! Who would've thought at the time....
Looking forward to going home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
you know it! proud of you!
Back in Jersey!
no problem
Can you guess what word is most often found in Florida city names?
What do tweens value most? If you are thinking honesty or self-acceptance think again.
Way to go SUSHI!! Because I love your last name and Sushi that is our next coupon code! SUSHI. $18.88 OFF the purchase of a swim system
"FIGHT!" "WHERE?!?" *whole school runs*
totally possible :)
Everywhere I go. The bullshit follows smh
Also, starving hipsters have to hate on someone! Have mercy!
just noticed I need to tweet! new pics coming! woo!
Rebel America lands (5) Placements with Canada's Score Network. Congrats to Songwriters Canada's own Anime Boyz and Instigator Records
thanks for the RT mention!
can you please actually do this?
red velvet, yummers, the best red velvet can only be found in the south though
Our single "We Serve a Mighty God" is on www.freedemradio.com
Tight deadline--> long hours of work! I'm TIRED & it's time for my fave combo:wine,pasta & the Sopranos!
Hey, thanks! I like you guys. :)
me neither ;~;
How about bunnies?
Is there a German word for when you re-discover a website that you meant to bookmark like three years ago?
I tried to be competitive at all sports,... then I realized I could BUY trophies. (DM)
BECAUSE JESUS. Or something. *headdesk*
I miss field week already..
it is so boring bye :)
Messi is a beast
My personal favorite is Pep, Mushroom, Sausage with two sides of ranch and 1 side of medium wing sauce! YUM!!
Up bored watching a movie
not that it's a competition. we think you're all hot. :)
ooh, that's great advice. coincidentally, there's some graffiti near my house that's been painted, "give passionate kisses"!
Off on another adventure with my son, bbl.
Cold weather, come back to me.
SolarWinds Most Incredible IT Man in the World - "Behind the Scenes" Check it out! ow.ly/8ouvE <-- Greatness!
Waking up and having to piss extremely bad with fucking morning wood.
Definitely Best Day Ever.
I knew I missed you! Come visit! Sometime in the Fall when we can get Pumpkin everything pref
I choked linda lovelace.
Yeah? I haven't seen it yet. I hate looking at myself!!!
Look on the bright side, maybe he'll make the more competitive so games against them aren't so one sided
To whomever decided to add a light at Grand Army, THANK YOU!
"Covering" material: might as well dig a hole + bury it; that's how well it will be acquired or learned.
My manager said "can't you get a relaxer"
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND PLEASE
Fox News fair and balanced my back side. Were not taking all your money so chill out!
Not yet. We're working on it, though.
Gr8 to meet u! RT : Wonderful event. Tx to & all the ladies esp. for the inspiration
Cranking out more tech videos next week!
RT : Celebrate Earth Day at Seattle Center 4/22! A dynamic showcase and discussion of work exploring future sustainability...
He's really a fungi
what are you clowns doing in my state?
who said your a bad person? Obviously they haven't fully met you
I'm not having a good day >_<.
I love when a player comes up after a 4 pitch walk and swings at every pitch he sees until he is retired.
Can I opt out of being an immigrant, and still live here, please?
hey Kate! how are you and what are you doinge?
#HappyMothersDay all all my "mom" followers....
you woke up and didn't text me?! What is this shittt!
But done with the whole situation bcz tht was the dumbest thing I've ever heard
Guests and fish start to stink after two days. (Spanish Proverb)
Look after your girl, or i will. <3
black hoodie of course!
It works the other way around; thepath that needs changing is the one in your mind
1 year since I met :)
your so lucky you saw him! (:
thanks for the RT!
TINY CHAT WITH ZAYN ;D
Well, this bartender is pretty much screwed.
There would defiantly be more tweets about Harbaugh if people knew how to spell his name correctly
Alright, I'll check you out on Facebook (:
thank you for the follow!
why doesn't anyone share my love for motion city soundtrack? /:
thanks for following and thanks for the music supervisor session last week, we appreciate it!
I am excited and honored to announce that Paul Cole will serve as my campaign manager for my race in the 27th Congressional District.
The DVR cut off the end of the "Sex and the City" rerun. So I missed the concluding voice-over banality! Does anyone know what it was?
Michelle Obama is one of the most materialistic first ladys we have had in a while
Sweet re fishbanks
Some people think that holding on makes us stronger, but sometimes it is letting go.
Rivera got a torn ACL not good for the #Yankees .
I'm coming for vacation in October. I can't wait to experience it! I may never leave :)
On the bright side (no pun intended), the days are getting longer, so it prolly won’t last long.
I'm watching old Harry & Alfie videos oh my goodness they're adorable
does anyone have experience with tenmast software and the company?
such a gentleman <3
u stupid
Mastering 's record! #Dope! make sure you cop it when it comes out. Show love to your independent musicians..
Occasionally conflicted by some well-intentioned outreach efforts; knowing that they're fighting the wrong dragons.
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
lunch b
RT : just bought house of grey on amazon, so glad that it's out. congratulations
thanks Ed. God bless.
DJ Silhouette
you want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type in "Grandson gets brain freeze" it's the first one
noppee I still got mahh girl's number ;)
Thank you for listening in on the #AMASocialVolt webcast today! Glad you liked it.
Thankyou to all my new followers. How is everyone?
I Read abOut those beGging for work but put StiPuLations on what they will do. I'm SoRry but BEGGARS CAN'T BE CHOOSERS!
Raiders get the first down, thanks to M. Bush
thanks for the heads up!
thanks for sharing our guide Molly, have a great day!
Brady claims "natural constituency" in sustainability community - Even so, wants CRC built
haha yeah it's mine! 16 years of no cell phone & I finally got one when I turned 17.. My family sucks. Lol
Some people need to get their shit straight before calling someone a hoe.
About to drive some since I can't sleep in the stupid van anyway!
Curren$y tonight?
We should make alcohol distributors more responsible for who they are selling to
Next on the at 6, offers his thoughts on the Panthers Game 2 win over the Devils last night.
The more movies I watch the more disappointed I am with the "Summer movie season" as a whole.
Trying to figure out why I'm so tired. Then I remembered I was packing all week.
Oh ok. Oh btw,i read your story already. Only the 1st one. So far,its really good. :) Alright,ttyl love <3
Go Chargers!
Oh good...barking is in my top 3 most annoying sounds.
I'm not sure what I to get so many dirty looks but i wish it stop
Many thanks for the #MM mention! Have a great week!
Yes! Do it!
#FF & Happy New Year to some #HyattFamily:
Watching Hugo for movie night! :)
it's really really good, I highly recommend it. It's super simple & really awesome.
you must be thinking of #DRROSSLENCE me too
You too lady!!
blue sky blue
Happy Birthday beautiful! ;)
sobbing tears of joy because ohmygod
yeah thats exactly what I saw. Like I said tho, they were all over the plc so they didnt feel as cutting edge... at least for NYC
hope you're handling triple cover-up duty for me and ok today!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they maintain control over the agreements.
Love Jack Edwards just owning Alzner in his commentary. Enjoy fearing for your life the rest of the series there bud.
"Perception is reality."
Hittm wit that thunder clap lol
You should go, you might regret not going. Do you want to go??
budlight? :) u need some whiskey or rum, but i guess bud will do. i am having a cigar and red wine 2night. Cheers.
YOOOOOOOOO im back 100% now 2 new songs coming out by the end of the week check me out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
How fast are the analytics/reporting within #linksy? Real time? Few hours?
s... Flat out cracked me up. Well done <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
met tonight, such a fun loving dude! :)
Streaming our album "Fantastic Dracula" at work RIGHT NOW (by that, I mean I'm peeing on it in the break room)
lol I'm not a sneaker head like that you and go hard on them shoes.
I guess I gotta stay up now to watch this eclips
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.
"No Need To Front, Homie Pardon my Back...Im Gettin it crazii How Retarded Is That"
Why do you call a timeout with numbers Bo Ryan?
RT : Identifying an ideal client will make your marketing more efficient, targeted, and effective
Junior Indian high school all stars will play Kentucky juniors in 2-game series alongside seniors for first time this summer.
Just dropped $100 on shoes. It's only 11am
Smoke time... Who's joinin me?
- its now, I'm at the premiere now but I meant to schedule with u earlier #:-/
I want a beige inspector gadget jacket
there's a new one one the desk
Haha I had some of those! RT : Gogobot? Wasn't that an alternative Transformers toy during the 80s?
I don't like you!
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
all because of you :D
I know!! RT : Awesome!! That's would be great to have them play here!
RT THIS BITCH PUSSY LOOK LIKE ITS A COUPLE YEARS PAST DUE FOR A BRAZILIAN! SMH-lmao
omg i got something to tell you omg smh
nah just sick of the regurgetations... why whats up u got something better in mind?
“: Thank you! Yes, I hope to be there and I want to see ” She hopes to see you too! :)
RT : We are giving away two Doctor Who classics on DVD! RT this tweet to enter!!
Same Day Appts #Salon Full Mens#Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist Always on hand just for YOU! -
Finally my salami has something it can spar with. I'm still not as in love with this as I was with Dom. Philemon Fer in Gaillac
I would say, 'hey, you got a mess to clean up in here. U nasty!' In front of everyone. That will be the last time she does it.
Great article today Nicole!
Happy Birthday!! Hope SKC gets a win for u
And most can't even get out of LAX in an hour. MT : President is set to land at LAX at 6:25 pm & speak at fundraiser around 7:20 pm.
same here bored as ever watchin old movies and listening to music at the same time lol
right here... what are your plans...
What program do you use for tracking?
Follow the Role Models Podcast: it's just music.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
how am I supposed to measure my highness.. I'm high enough to be watching Rio right now lol
love me some and his fast-paced fully-loaded workshops. I had john in 8th grade--no wonder my mind is so ADD
I know your pops ain't gonna let that slide!
Where did she say it was annoying? I'll drop that bitch. xD
!You've been hit by a smooth criminal!
Congress event says, "We must invest more in parental engagement"
My heart can't handle this.
So I've been following you on IG for a while and I finally checked out your music. Love it! God bless you! :)
i really wish i had a guy bestfriend like you that would be there and listen to me just pour my heart out.
i got a hot date on Saturday so.. Is there another way I can owe you one?
haha dude did you really...
hello fellow service freaks
that's real sadd. And the police talkin dumb shit, stand ur ground rule. That nigga was following him. Neighborhood watch my ass
would you like to help to make symbalooedu.com work in phillepines to improve education on world level. Please reply
Don't worry. We'll all be there.
I was drugged, raped and then blackmailed into silence by a woman. I can assure you that is NOT taken seriously.
I love how ICONiacz are trying to find out what the surprise is! ^.^
Yes Mary! Me too! It's like unwrapping a satin ribbon with anticipation! Or grosgrain.. :)
You're in my house... I'm done with you
same here but theres this one person that gets in my nerves ! Lmao
The Volt sales limited to California.They won't be available nationwide until well into 2012.
New song "MISS FRECKLES" is now officially up! #MeTwoYou check it out on facebook or purevolume
Few days ago I ordered a veggie taco out of a food truck on South Congress. The taco contained asparagus. Asparagus.
Thanks so much love! haha. we really should grab a drink sometime!
Procurement is the fastest growing profession in 2012. How are you reaching them?
Any twizards play world of warcraft?
Excited to be videoconferencing with 's class today.
DON'T FORGET TO WRITE-IN HAROLD MILLER FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR...
Never gonna grow up. Never gonna slow down.
Better put it in your dropbox for or just DM us an address so I can send you the real thing.. for free!
Glad I tuned in in time to hear Slayer AND Pantera. Sandwiched between a shitty G 'n' R song, but still.
Shut up really
I'm feeling very creative today. I'm pretty sure attempting to mock something up on Photoshop will kill that.
Designing the new Fantasy Football Gone Wild Draft Boards! Site will be up before next season, Ready for the new way to have your drafts :)
One of my bosses thinks I am I am not. I'm not even green and my pants don't have any rips in them. But I do work in ed-tech.
you creeping? i know you aree (;
nope- just canceled both meetings.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy uncle ruckus
Perfect tweet to show our players -> RT : I couldn't imagine being a sports fan with out Twitter and social media.
an u DM me ? Destiny and I wanna talk to u
Huh ... I already live out there .
OH! That's a example of a photo my new assoc took. She's working with me parttime, but also a photog. :)
Roger Goodell is a prick
They didn't want it badly enough to work hard enough to figure out how to conqour those financial challenges.
John D. is piercing till 9pm! Come on down !
o ok.. Well I guess that's a good and bad thing
I would be glad to help you with your web needs. Email me and we can discuss your needs. Or Visit www.edroper.com
nah im trying to get in something
“: Are you a part of the half of 50+ers who are saving for retirement? #saving #retirement” Important thought for today and future!
we just got off work! bout to watch something on netflix too!
Twitter for sure...I finally jumped on the bandwagon a bit late, though I'm staunch LI supporter.
Can't wait till friday :-) and i miss him. *sighs* hope we make it official soon. <3
RT : Ready for Friday. Ready to leave Marion.
that will be the best day of my life...no offense
Privacy impacts growth. Ex: enabled users to opt-in to share instead of opt-out. While admirable their growth dropped 80%
WOW! The Celtics are playing like a Bill Russell team!
how did you know this is what I wanted to do.. thank you
Wells, you crazy for this one RT I made a bet with . . . now I have 2 change my twitter name 2 LakerDarrell 4 24hrs
I know I'm lucky....My favorite actress is someone I got to work with: Sandra Bullock! Who's your fav actress?
Can't get away from cursing today. At the talk about profanity detection then coding negative YouTube comments for my own paper.
Need some kind of entertainment.SO BORED.
There is always one dipshit heating up badly cooked fish in here. Stinks.
Let's go Buffs!!!
Saturday night it's on!
Metals by #3 album of the year
Waiting on lakers vs thunders
QoTD: "The education of a man is never completed until he dies." (Robert E. Lee)
I have a violin concert tonight and also one on the 6th. :/ I hope I do well.
Esp on a Sunday, :(
i will literally clean your room for money hahahahahahahahah
Being a bigger guy myself, I think it's fair of me to put this out there. If your t-shirt doesn't cover your belly, get a bigger shirt.
Aren't scholarships only good on a year to year basis though?
I'm stealing this from ESPN today, but I'd love to know your answer. What matchup would you most like to see in the Super Bowl?
Honestly. Some Of Yall Teenagers Need Jesus with this drama, rumors, mean talk. Smh yall need to be checked out. Thinking yall popular. Smh.
Wow has just released the new can w w hes infamous pose. COLLECTORS
It's crazy but Adam Jones is a top ten player in baseball and Os get no pop on ESPN.Wake up b/c the Birds are back
thank you for the #FF mention. We love our Accredited Businesses!
Yuck. Is there no API for the …/username/allactivity view?
I don't speak Spanish, and oh thanks :) <3
Adding Chris Nugent to my nice and awesome chefs of Chicago list.
i wanna make love in this club
So, I might love you.. More than I ever thought I would.. <3
“: Eat some make up, because your so ugly inside bro!” lmao cx
thanks for the advice- will work on it.
In the studio with Thom & Mikey! Yay rhythm section! I love these dudes. :) <3 Moriah
Ha! got all the tongue from a young female. Check out the photo on Facebook. :)
any word on the Cleveland Cavaliers, ring tone?
Are you singing?
Why thank you! Good morn-ting!
Enjoyed this quote. Pls follow so we can stay in touch. Blessings.
Does my zebra print umbrella attract attention? Wow, didn't expect that. ;)
If our early lessons of acceptance were as successful as our early lessons of anger, how much happier we would all be.
"Mary: have you ever heard of a group called wilson phillips?" -- mom's like 3 decades behind in pop music
is the merch from the efss tour going to be available online? (please though omg)
just watched the season finale of #ChicagoCode. good ending. it should not be cancelled!!
Game day!! Go SPURS Go!
I feel like I should start tweeting at you like you're a celebrity so that I can learn about your life.
Apparently I should also be using the hashtag #WHtweetup? Okay, I can do that...
Hahahaha RT : "Klout believes you are influential about Prom." Why why why why WHY does Klout believe I'm influential about P...
I just can't stop
Contemplating joining the membership. With so many #MadeinUSA organizations, how do we choose which ones to be a part of!?
I'm feeling fantastic! A little sore but damn it feels good to be alive! you?
Eating dinner at a Chili's at the airport and there's only 1 tv in the place that I can't see. Perfect.
Welcome to our town!! But, ur fitting right in sista, I've seen u at the market!!
be of service and serve the youth with love
What a GREAT DAY!
Only 9 tickets left for tonight. Get 'em at the box office!
I stay fresh like wrapped in plastic.
Why does social media/the Internet stop you from being you?
they have for 50 games, even though I believe drose will return! I know will beat the sixers!
There's one way to say, "Well, fuck this game."
I just stumbled accross the picture of Alan with cats photoshopped onto it and I burst out laughing. I just wasn't expecting that omg XD
Things finally looking up! No more crabby pants for me
Option A: Delete page and deny its existence. Option B: Change units of measurement for recipe to grams.
@ 750TheGame why did you make it so I "unliked" your FB page? B/c I wrote I'm not a fan of ? If so, that's weak.
I really want to chop it up with
Always take gum when it's offered to you. Always.
at least it's a common interest with
have a good day at Arkon today :)
Gradkowski: "I feel like athleticism is one of my strong ppoints. So, definitely versatility also is my strong point."
Guess What?....You are a WHORE
The 5th season of Jersey Shore premieres tonight. Spoiler Alert: Snooki reveals she's a dude.
Starting auditions for my film. Very exciting!!!
congrats to you, too!
You did good! BOOM
You are badass if you knew Mr. Rogers well enough to consistently refer to him as Fred.
And lectures? What lectures? ;)
This waiter legit has the fattest a$$ in the world, I mean width, girth, firmness, cup, all of that. And I will bet that on anything.
of course they would, who wouldn't?
Have you registered for ARLD Day 2012 yet?
yes :3 you need to come over your aunts more often!
RT “Risks, I like to say, always pay off. You learn what to do, or what not to do.” - Jonas Salk
Chandler police seek 6 accused pawn shop scammers Six accused of ripping off pawn shops in fraudulent jewelry transactions in Arizona and
that's good player development on your part.
May the fourth be with you!
These are short-sighted, over-complicated solutions to negligible environmental problems that grant self-satisfaction & greater complacency
() 12yo boy to girl who (oops!) saw him in sheep costume in participatory play: "OMG, DON'T tell anyone at school about this
Not to mention a really nice guy!
#TruthIs I dont need nobody else in my life but God.
I'm really tierd and should go to bed, but yet I'm really hyper too. #contriditionds >.<
So it seems like people really like the male Katnis on The Avengers.
RT : The moon is just gorgeous today! Have you checked it out?
Heading out for my workout.
Nothing like watching the Timbers game play out on Twitter at 35,000 feet. Come on, boys!
Happy Friday!!=)
At least I have an hour before my next flight to wait in this crazy line. Thanks for the delay, Delta.
When your ex starts dating Grace Gore, you know they've reached rock bottom desperate lolol Omg its too funny
write really big haha
may be watching me from somewhere, because he just tweeted exactly what I was yelling at my TV.
": I'll eat the pizza up up up up!"
Work for the fun of it, and the money will arrive some day. -Ronnie Milsap
awww you're so adorable :$
Don't worry, #chiefs fans... at least the colts are doing worse
what did the paper say? Tell us more!
Thank you! You, too!
ahh I kno let's party together ASAP!
Squints, Ya-Ya, Benny, Smalls...I want to play baseball with them. Outside. Right now.
ok ill make it happen! talk soon!
applause applause !
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/23/12 at 1:53 PM
Hamas claims responsibility for firing an anti-tank missile at an Israeli school bus and then proposes a cease-fire!
Turns outage really wants to build houses for disaster relief victims. She was going to get another bachelors degree!
The market keeps growing! This Saturday John Burks performs at noon.
Thank you! I'll check it out!
Ok ok I love the man I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
Neighbor I think I heard they've been open 4 years.
My first high box jump workout in 2 months is coming up this afternoon! I'm pumped!!
happy sun g
ha yeah i already know and chances are he would def help me too, he just did so much for me already like i got the best manager!
Girls often classify guys as either "Mister Right" or "Mister Right Now." But beware ladies, they call me "Mister Yeah Right...Not Now."
Gotta love the NCIS marathon days :)
I'm just sayin
..cause it's scented nail polish perhaps?
Getting an offer on my new $999K listing after about a week! Big house on six acres. Let's put some good vibes into their price, Twitter!
yea guess what my roomies were doing when I got home yesterday.....SOMEONE even went to the midnight release. SMH
Georgetown students are here standing in solidarity.
I'm here for the beer.(heading here. Not there yet) How'd she get a ticket?
Warren Sack: has brought copy of "Are You My Mother?" points out add'l moral of story is, "technology reunites you with your family."
do your thing little animal. Lol :)
oh I saw that one too - another winner!
I don't beg for anyone to tweet me but I need to respond so that I know that he knows that I am exist !!
That has happened to me with friendships. A lot.
I have lived to die another day.
I haven't watched yet either! Husband was home & he'll offer "commentary" or interrupt. Can't have that!
One on One: Paul Maritz, VMWare Chief Executive
really.... cool
Obviously, it's been a while. Let's just say I went with my girlfriend and leave it at that, shall we? (Still have the boots...)
Click on to our new blog and chose to follow it. We need your help!
yours is the hardest life.
Trey Malicoat has a great call @ 330 pm MST on "Building Trust and Faith in Yourself and Others!" Join us! Call 312-340-6650 Code: 34233423
what, no nascar questions tonight?! We expected your call!
almost four yr old d loves paper, scissors, markers, tape. She cuts shapes and tapes them together. For hours. Asst stckrs.
I told my dad about the homecoming! I don't even think imma go! ):
see our new ts
it sunny in daytona :) yay that mean we gonna get all 200 lap in oh yeah! go kevin harvick and whole rcr team!
Major General Marcia M. Anderson now speaking at Champions of Change
good morning
March Madness is a good time to flood the nation with Anti-Obama news, campaigns, impeachment petitions, he's busy watching BB!!
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas Edison -Don't give up! :)
Just happy to find out that Melanie won X factor,she deserves it , to talented..
We won the Bride's Choice Awards 2012! That means we are in the top 5% of Wedding Pros nationwide.
game starts at 8:30 on friday
Bitch get over it, this surely isn't the first time.
Hosting our Mothers Day and everything's ready with 2 hours to go. That NEVER happens
if they don't lose the next 3 they will. I think game 6 will be in ATL.
Yup... didn't make the tourney this year.
What's the difference between a #gentleman & a little boy?
Congratulations to on two hundred thousand Grammy nominations! (Give or take 199,998...)
- TODAY ONLY tell us where u r & how much time u have & we'll send u ONE WOULDN't-WANT-MISS event/place/
when my family came to visit they got lost for 2 hours
EightysWorld2 out now!!! New video coming soon!!!!
RT: "We are using the word ‘guru’ only because ‘charlatan’ is too long to fit into a headline." - Peter Drucker, 1997
Thats what I like to hear just keep me in the loop
Thanks for reminding me. I'll send it around noon your time. How you doing?
omg YOU ARE THE BEST! Crack me up first thing in the morning!!!
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt...
Gearing up for 2 SOLD OUT The Wonder Years () shows tomorrow! Who are we seeing here?! Let's have some fun, whatcha say?
On my jacket
The cruise was the best one yet! Playing Gruene Hall tomorrow. Show starts @ 4pm - hope to see a bunch of ya'll there! Cheers!
thanks for doing another random tinychat :)
Until next time
T-24hrs! A little Jimmy Buffett, some Bob Seager & The Who 2 get motivated this morning. Now if the sun would come out it would be gr8t!
Didn't see anyone I know today... Guess who's wearing the same shit tomorrow!?!
3/21/10 Off With Their Heads with Smoke or Fire and Dead to Me in denton..... a real punkrock show...anyone?
Fantastic! Thanks to you both then!
Bring Loveline back to TV pretty please I miss watching it!
Traffic is still rolling down MLK Dr. as folks make their way to the start.
bahahaha i know and then he flips out..
classy profile pic. i so dig the glasses. its sofisticated...but we all know how gangsta you really are.
My sisters sitting on the couch BALLING bc of Vampire Diaries
Happy almost new year, everyone! May your 2011 be full of blessings.
I'm more than just an option...
What are they going to call the next iPad? The newer iPad? The newest iPad? The new iPad 2?
Yes my mom bought me oatmeal :)
not sure if my aunt is lying 2 me...did jelena get married in Hawaii?Is she lying...question 2 beliebers...RETWEET n reply ur answer me
Sorry to hear about your loss. my prayers go out to you and your family.
great Dev, you?
RT The difference between conversation and talk is in conversation, you actually listen. <So true!
don't even touch it!!!!!!
Please let me introduce you to my phone.
Working on my Mother's Day present for my mom, nana, & grandma(:
Oh and then I got the news that my mother may be losing her house.
We're so lucky to live in America
God has given jurisdiction over harmful acts of man against man to State, but retains His jurisdiction over hearts/minds
ill be there
Dan to be in; me, off in 20.
comes to find out iam already am
#SpringEquinox affirmation: "I release everything I no longer need." Breathe in deeply, exhale with gusto.
T-shirt is clothing for every season; you can wear it in almost all the seasons, be it is winters, summers, autumns, or springs
yeah buddy, about to start pre gaming
Listening to #cruise ten times in a row ...I don't think this song gets old
think your account was hacked. I just got a suspicious link from you.
RT : Mac miller tomorrow
Considering putting some more cash money into my Caribbean Tax Haven just to keep up with the Romneys...
I once Ratt N Rolled. Love the show.
We hope #AlvinAiley is all you expect and more. Definitely worth the wait. Thanks for coming.
We believe that Austin is one great party'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
no... I'm speechless dani I actually have no words after that last chapter I just read !
I'm right here!! Hey ^_^ RT Where my cute homie at....havent seen her tweet today
I love how he could be across the room and at the same time we lock eyes and he gets the biggest smile on his face. Things are lookin up...
your home tastes like ground beef and blue cheese? Dude.
its easier that way. I learned that as long as the change is all bundled together the less likely I am to count it.
you're Gorgeous! I <U+2665> your makeup Liz! =D
Women LOVE to be complimented....
I'm nervous I don't know why I'm so out of my comfort zone :-(
Follow me and I'll dm you my plan to make my bff's dreams come true.
Hatin ass niggaz kan suck a dick and go to hell!
Who’s up for a little Trivia? Treat yourself to deelish food & drink specials tonight & see if “Take It To The Hoop” can hold their ranking!
Ariana its been 20 mins :]]] Any other follows?? ;** PLEASE??
I see the news reporter keeping me up to date #body Lol
oh I will for sure!
Rocky. ": Which heavy-hitting character from an #AcademyAward winning film has artifacts in our collection?"
#BoyzAreBack CAN'T WAIT !!!!!
I really want a cherry limeade from braums.
I should have also mentioned that Robbie gave me the Type O CD back & we drove to so I could buy Gentlemen.
In #Boston I fucking love this city
I'm mad I really didn't get to see him tonight
Leaving for the silver strings gig soon :)!
I forgot the Rox were playing - thanks for the reminder. I was almost in a coma watching the NFL Draft.
So Sad wont be doing a second USA Leg of her #FemmeFatale tour! :(
I guess is too busy to respond to tweets :-/
Nice song!
Last night's episode may be one of the top eps from all 3 seasons. Worth the month long wait
There's one.
Just made my 50th #tweet, now spending the day #reading on the #beach!!
Starting a new project--could anyone recommend any historical literature on postcolonial international modernization projects in Africa?
found the "the" missing in one Guardian article in another Guardian article. Great paper but they need better copy editors
#Happy Hump Day! We have rain here in #DC make sure to bring your umbrella!
Celebrating St. P's tonight by watching the English on tv and drinking Scotch. Don't tell the Irish.
well, that's what strict methods courses should do. :)
MIzzou all the way! Wait, what?
I am following you know. docprov
I heart people! ;) RT : People heart you!
RT": Which #SwitchedatBirth character can you relate to the most?"
I'm going to give my 60th follower a shoutout. :]
that sounds good, can you add that #21 sauce on the side?Go steelers!
Did YOU give a kiss to your mommy?
yeah man, that's a weird-ass combo for booze.
I saw the movies about him. He was gritty like Bob Kennedy. He went after the runners people told him were too good to beat.
Crack heads sell everything for $10 dollars
tomorrow is my birthday
Bruce Springsteen.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! THANKS!!!
nice site....good information...
Uber random thought... There's no drinking/smoking in my YA books so far... But there is a lot of kissing and a wee bit of cussing. ^_^
What Would You Do, During Retirement, If You Had The Money To Do Whatever You Wanted?
What a great day at Reno Pride 2011! We love being a part of this awesome community! Check out all the amazing photos of our fans!!!
We are still negotiating with fox for padres games - will keep everyone posted.
Do you love the classics? Jane Austen? Edith Wharton? Dickens? RT for a chance to WIN a signed copy of Grosvenor Square!
#Yahoo, I'm never ever downloading your #Facebook ap. If you don't want me to search #Google for the articles, let me link right to them.
already noted :P
It's amazing how crocheting with cashmere for 10 minutes can totally remotivate you.
Well got 3 of the four final four teams... Ranked 2,347 in the ESPN bracket out of millions get some!!
Today I think I will spend my time on Twitter
Just talked to the sweetest most amazing guy in the world .
I wonder If ever creeps down his timeline? Lol
Ay if yu are african american..try to say "NIGGER" not "NIGGA" dat shit sound funny as hell sayin it like that
will the Hoyas wear white and pink Jordan's on Saturday for coaches vs cancer??
get up for the down stroke!
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!!!
“ be live af in O town, sheeeeeesh”
I feel sorry for that pesky No. 1 World seed then. : I feel like it's me and vs. the world right now.
Tampa! Where are you?
Not yet
well thats just out of the question!
do we have a storyteller..honey badgers best team in the business
Hope you got to "research" some fine old scotch for this episode of Castle.
What Ih Do EveryDay !
"it just got people talking about pork in a different way." -- webinar I'm listening to
It's time again.. the U.S. Pond Hockey Championships at Lake Nokomis. Join us on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING for final preparations.
thanks for the link!
When your grandma goes out of town. <<<
Look forward to it Debbie! Certainly great company to be a part of.
naw lol thats not a good thing for me to do right now
Don't care how many times I see it, a gimungous freighter chugging down the Detroit River always an impressive sight.
Them trees last night>>>>>>
Excited to take a break from poker for the rest of the month. Cruise with my girlfriend in the bahamas. Then back to prep for 2012 wsop.
Ok, I won't tell you: RT Page 5 of 366. Please don't tell me this is gonna trend every day with a different page number
Sitting in Baton Rouge Airport. Final destination: Turin.
The board also voted to release Vega investigation showing billed PR work that was never performed. suhsd.k12.ca.us/news/2012/01/s…
of course she had to lose a ton of weight...typical.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage.
I don't know why I want to laugh everytime I see a woman walk by me with flowers today. It just seems so cheesy....
Ok ladies... rumor has it (ohh ohh) Johnny Depp & Brad Pitt are at the Hotel Indigo in Columbus!
Somewhat surprised the premise of article can be "don't bench anyone yet" and not defend/mention Olivo at all.
If you have foresight, you're blessed. If you have insight, you're a thousand times blessed. ~ anon
Ironic how an ad rep I'm working with keeps spelling it 'add' instead of 'ad.' Some people just blow my mind.
a month+
I have the GONE series, but I am sorry to say, I haven't started it... but I plan to read it this summer... I can ban
I love you..
Oregon Ducks&#39; 2012 Football Schedule
Seriously. I look through my bf's txts and i see girls al up on his dick. omfg.
lmao Auntie trish is a trip though!
As a pragmatist, I believe Dick Cheney shouldn't have received a heart transplant. Was there no one younger and healthier?
WAITING..........can we start with Coolidge? Please? Its almost too easy.
Too gain you gotta follow simple as that!!
Subtweeting is stupid, just mention them in it. ****mentions all people who subtweet****
There's no "tweet" or "FB" button to share the Great Recovery newsletters.
I'm actually quite horrified. I guess this is how the fans of Mary Poppins felt before the movie was made for that.
Oh, not sure. It didn't look like it was at half-mast or anything.
I'M STILL FOLLOWING YOU
happy birthday to Mikey <3
Oh my. Finally the game works on my computer to see come on for Come on sporting. Still time.
Encircle me , I need , to be, taken down
My nails are in need of some maintenance
how much is it? I'll pay half for that month
Did we pick a day next week w/Bill? I am free Monday and Thursday if the boys can't decide! :)
I'm a publix employee majoring in health admin. Does Publix only have mgmt positions open in the benefits admin department?
nah you got some nice chimichanga's i got an unearthing plan for too. i'll get over it
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, I think you'll love it!
This school year is basically over as soon as my APUSH exam is done next Friday.
OMG I totally know who your referring to! YOU'RE TOO FUNNY!
Thanks Seth Grahame-Smith for your terrific interview with - Looking fwd to seeing Dark Shadows.
Please come out this Thursday to see us perform at Pinstripes Open House 6-9 p.m.. RSVP with me at
“: Analysis: There's a better chance of Lamar Odom winning Most Improved than there is of the Jazz beating the Spurs. Ouch!
Hm... let me smoke my pipe whilst I ponder this a while
i cant even find em down here!!! jjust like grape drink!!
We're playing a show this Friday! Crazy, yes, but true!! MATCHLESS in Brooklyn with The Reveling and The Big Con 8PM (...ish)
1 day it is good -the next is is not.....not throwing my hands up
Adam held her waist and began kissing the back of her neck so softly it sent chills down her spine Only 7.99 amazon
gucci mane
Clipper fans taking off their brand new tees & putting on that vintage Lakers tee they've always owned.
In all seriousness, that's a legitimate problem.
we will continue to lift her up before the Lord. Anna be healed in Jesus' name!
why does it feel like everyone around me hates me?……great
I hate it when a person's voice doesn't match their looks...
F is for friends who do stuff together U is 4 you and me N is for anywhere at anytime at all here under the deep blue sea
that's a lie and you know it
Just Announced: DAYGLOW "The Worlds Largest Paint Party" at US Bank Arena on Saturday, April 7! Tickets go on sale this Thursday at 10:00am!
ok thanks. some other ones have the same prb. blip.tv says it is likely a prb with encoding.
thank you :)
Adams: The people who *could be getting benefits and aren't is a story unto itself
lol you are so quite
Just watched Space Cowboys for the first time. Quite enjoyed it- esp the calm during what could b a blown out panic. Love Eastwood.
trying to be as cool as you. Sike! Just about to start work! :)
lol what a nice bestfriend you are
Don't forget: VYT was my job. So even sitting there doing very little, I was getting paid.
I Do! #candyheartmessage will you be our TweetHeart?
Pageantcenter.com welcomes A Place Of Distinction pageant jewelry! www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
Liam, Eileen, Noel and Patty all looking for you..
OHMIGOSH OSSM. Must see! Word on the street: "liberal." :P
i followed!! will you follow me now? :)
“ “ I <U+2665> Head not just any head but very good head. #LSN””
yeah, what's with that??
Wish I was at #ISTE11. Missed family much from my Colorado #TIE11 conference presentation. Have a great time everyone!
"I fear I'm dying from complications"
ONE MORE OUT!
I know!!! Would be extremely hard.
Yes! I got to meet them at VidCon! It was super amazing! It was like the best part of the trip.They even signed my shirt! :3
Happy one month
The fishy smell of fish means it's not very fresh.
- David, kudos on your use of the phrase "Real-Time Media" instead of "Social Media" to get managements' attention -- great idea.
not much and aw i miss you too :(! wbu? xx
Up and headed into the office at 7.
oh forreal? Bet. Ill stay out your life for good
me too! And I haven't did any yet..i also have a french quiz and I didnt study yet either
Thank god #Friday :)
But Carl is the future. Think of this: Carl showing up was the only thing that got Dale what he wanted - For Randall to live
it is not about what you look like it is about what you are as a friend.
Dallas in four days!
#happybirthday ! see you tomorrow night xo
Just closer to Nashville. Gotta get out of the ghetto, ya mean.
Our heartfelt thanks to those who donated today! Thank you, also, for putting up with our tweets! We now return to our normal programming.
Every morning: ME: I really can't stay. BED: But baby, it's cold outside.
you almost gave me a heart attack .... what if I died
steel panther and now marilyn manson, megadeth, and cypress hill!!! this year has some badass concerts so far!
Hamster (Winnie) this is why we can't have nice things (friends).
Oh, sleep. How I miss thee.
How come Nostradamus didn't predict anything happy?
k young gunnna. / quote.
sounds delicious! I was just listening to sea change and was reminded of that killer beck/lips show we went to. Happy t day!
don't worry everyone's a terrible driver in La lol.
I think it means you sometimes make poor choices. #justsaying RT : I just woke up here. But that doesn't mean I'm lost.
What are you mixing up on Friday from that inspiration!?
10 dayss till breaking dawn comes out!!!
Almost 3x as many entry # jobs than last year for
Mine's better now, too. Have a good night!
Don't know what I'm signing up for, but sure! :)
Just called a barista a gay wad. It just slipped, I forgot that word even existed but im bringing it back, gaywads
good morning! at the gym too!!
Appreciate the s/o bro..everything good ur way?
"lube or lube not. There is no dry." the lube master
undefined via
thanks for tagging me in that tweet asshole
Leonardo Da Vinci started painting Mona Lisa in 1504 or 1505 and finished
"Don't Blame Me I didn't Make It. Keep Ya Head Up". That's fa you Moscato....much Respect Dawg.
sure thing. Thanks for the RTs! Good weekend is in the plan. We just might see 80 degrees in Seattle - truly a rare treat.
TX! Back in the morning.
Quickly, cheaply, and easily create a photo memory book with Pixable - now 61% off on www.crowdclick.com!
smoke signals work! :) Kidding... if you want to give us a call 615-226-3009
Smooth and creamy!
Son, describing a "social" site: "After a while, I just didn't get the point." Pretty much sums it up.
thanks! I was looking for
Sounds good!
Hahhahahaha! Of course :)
WFUV welcomes Punch Brothers tonight to Town Hall!
New meaning to going with a bang!
She just asked me if.I want a free obama phone for emergencies....lmao
AGREE? "Majority of your clients women? #Pinterest will be very successful for you. If not, not worth your time."
/writing Thanks for adding me to your list.
wow he should be ready to crash! Make sure he take his pill!
Ugh! I missed it. Been editing 2012 meme book all day! What'd I miss?
ah elaina is a vampire now!!! omg!! what's gonna happen now!!!
cant wait to finish actually :)
": Date night with the wife! Gotta get these in while we can.... Baby Dees due in a month!!" I feel you!
...but then I got Pinterest to work.
I hate when people talk about irrelevant stuff. Why don't you preach about buying some pampers or finding daycare?!
Poor Rick Perry needs to fire his makeup artist. You just can't wear pancake makeup around HD cameras. Duh.
WallStreet should look within and clean up their act. Enough bullshit from them. Do they really care?
Hey I need your number... :) thankya!
text me.
Infopath sucks monkey ear.
Like my best friend. We had the best handshake and the best relationship. He was always smiling and it is just horrible that he's gone,
I'm e-mailing u now. THANKS!
Ok tomorrows fine
our #1 biz fantasy: doing chair massage for Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
&quot;AMERICAN IDOL&quot; Top Five Compilation Album, Featuring Studio Versions Of Full Songs Performed On Wednesday&#39;s Show, Now ...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
It should be respectful. It creates a shield of anonymity, but what is said online should be the same as in person.
Through experience I have learned that it is dangerous to make predictions or follow the pros. They are usually wrong and costly.
To all my new followers thanks and god bless.
Thank u for inspiring us to #makeachange! We WILL #findacure & it's all bc of you! :) #neversaynever - WE WILL FIGHT TIL 4EVER
you're cute.
The best way to figure out rewards (say, for leveling up) is to ask students what the reward should be
My Gods not dead Hes surly alive! #TeamGod =)
New spring truffle flavors are popping up. Come in and try lime curd, hazelnut, fig, Earl Grey or turtles.
We appreciate your support!!
Yes! Thank you... RT very nice of Macy to think of people who ain't got a mom
Frazier Triple Berry Torte on Special tonight in Little Italy! Hope to see you all here!
You bring me hope Life without fear Angels are singing Yahweh is near
Laying here not wanting to go to church ... I love the lord but I really don't wanna go!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
We're happy to be here for you! RT : I would like to thank the library for giving me a place to study for finals.
Make My Day And Follow Me ? <3 Love you (:
oh its a BIG deal over here
Out for gm 2 for sure. RT : Rondo used his chest on the contact... he's gonna be suspended
Thanks, I like your website design. Do you develop cloud software or only help integrate it into a company's infrastructure?
PS- can you please get rid of that thing on your face before you get to Jax?
that guy should wear diapers
This debate can (so far) can be summarized as two rich guys who want to talk about everyone's money but their own.
I got this bitch on my dick.
If my math is correct, we need 9 more... Bloody City
- GREAT show in ATL! Still laughing! Uploaded the vid from afterwards to ur pg. Many blessings upon u & your hubby.
Yup. Have yo friends call me and talk to me...I'm still whoopin yo ass
yay for birthdays!
Question : isn't an agent of #teachers on #edReform commish? (Ref not an endorsement or criticism).
Hookah bar "parties" are stupid as shit.
Deal! you gotta buy a guy a drink first at least.
of course
Don't fart on the dance floor, it's not like peeing in the pool. People will know.
Romeo and Juliet was amazing! I missed the 'between scene' commentary, though.
and i would look cute together :)
Watching you guys play tonight! Happy Felix Day!! #GoMariners!
RIP Adam Yauch
Watching #espn 2... playing Georgia at #alexboxstadium....Geaux tigers !
Perhaps you're correct. But even among big companies, it should be higher. Thanks for sharing.
WHY JUST I GUESS?
I cannot hit 100 followers. Bo
so much shame in her eyes as we walked her in public
I can't even say it the first time
Ha! RT : Overheard : "I just want to tell all my Facebook friends, 'I don't care what you're listening to on Spotify!'"
STEAK NIGHT
Can lunch come any faster?
Hot pants, over the knee boots, Polk a dot cropped top. Video chick audition flow. This is different for me..... Lol!!
Wtf free period...
I'm way behind on #CelebApprentice but what happens in the first 10 mins is liberating!! Bye Aubrey!
what time is the nba all star game, is it tonight or tomorrow?
"You're like a shark attacking a seal. It's impressive."
Matt Damon, George Soros and the President of Liberia are all getting "Approach the Bench" chess sets!!! We're moving up in the world!!!
Playing Dvorak really loud makes me very happy. That's all. Goodnight Moon. Pics from the road maybe
Yes, I havent forgotten! Im generating content for it trying to get the method together, lets talk this week!
Hello Twamily how goes it? Is it me or does the ad for the #Rhyme appear a just a little bit demonic? Very bad imagery
You know what they say, all the interesting people are in Hell, what did you do, forget to tip?
Yeah Tee
beautiful day in #milwaukee and dinner at #maharajamke! we open in an hour!
follow me?(:
All white Maybach
Your service sucks more each day!! How can you justify raising my fare when you can't even provide me with decent service?
thanks for supporting my music, filmed on The Nashville Spotlight yesterday, so much fun!!
aah heck. How about that. Hey I got my ride. Can't wait to pimp it
Jesus: Much as this was painful and agonising the most frightening of all was the hatred shown to Me...
football season is around the corner..who will win the
Life is a gift and you must cherish it always!
you G an RV? Cuz that'd be tight.
Out at Red Robin with the fam ready to try this new bacon burger I been craving since my birthday!
Ready for the Cinco de Mayo celebration tonight with !
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/19/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I'm good. Ty. Just chilling at home listening to some old school on my phone. You playing any old school tonight?
Ugly guey -.- stop it
They are forever having to "meet up" to discuss something! #GetChoLife #BBW lol
how r u brother
I can't wait to meet you. C; <33
Great! I owe you breakfast too. Ask for Wendy. See you then!
That's odd. I haven't heard anything about Amazon payments going US only, and it seems like that'd be big news.
Recipes: Anna Olson&#39;s mini chiffon cakes, lemon meringue pie and scones
shouldn't we wait at least a week or t till the govt totally, collapses into anarchy before ok'ing this sale? :- (
my dad used to order that when I was a kid and I always wanted to be cool like him and eat it.My mouth would burn for hours!
Thanks for breakfast & the knowledge! Hope to see ya more during #IWNY. Take care!
RT "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget the highest appreciation is not 2 utter words, but 2 live by them" ~JFK
i love you!
Did she just say in the old hood? Why is she the commentator?
me too <333 I wanna cuddle!
Welcome to the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs Flyers..the AHL team from round 1 don't count
u better follow me back
How I made it from 4:30-9:00a on 4 hrs of sleep without a drop of caffeine is beyond me. But I did get a free latte from ERC!
your butterflies falling in love feeling I cannot drinks 6 & 7
Happy B Day ;)
Just introduced a cart horse to a ewe in the sheep meadow, but the horse neighed & the sheep said 'baah'...
Well white jeans were a good idea this morning. Not so much in this rain though
alright that's fine. Where Si you get there number, just apple support?
Harold R. McAlindon~ The quality of an organization can never exceed the quality of the minds that make it up.
Im ALWAYS on my
35% percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married - be careful ;)
Okay, I have to tweet at least 1 tweet about how much I love #Smash. I don't watch much TV, but that one's in my hulu queue.
That was surprisingly entertaining
Officially can't breathe out of my nose. Will ya leave me alone, allergies?! Please.
haha thanks! I can see the search engine phrases people type in when they go to my blog and many of them are def looking for porn
today is definitely a lazy kind of day. Too bad I'm busy until 6 ish... Plan on watching How I Met Your Mother until I fall asleep.
NO! I missed it :'( ... Hopefully seeing you live next month will make up for it... still can't believe I'm going!
: 55k is good going - congrats. Feels good to get this far :-)
How do you lead by example?
Pinboard.in replaced delicious for me.
Sueco and Starita are back in the studio again to produce another release!
Except that the shuttle program ended months ago with a final launch/landing. Not today.
We're just a production facility, so we legally cannot sell anything here. Would recommend going to on Elston.
Going to bed early tonight because I know it'll still take me forever to actually fall asleep. Back to school tomorrow, ehhh.
make sure it's cute :)
may 23 #Liv #stamdardtradition see ya there
It takes more muscles to frown than to smile.
Hi Sean and all of you who are waiting for us to launch the site. I am really sorry for the delay. We are getting really close.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Nice. No love for the Blackberry? Back in the day ....
that perks me up more than overpriced hotel coffee. Thanks!
Psychologists say this may heighten anxiety and depression
I suck at twitter.
best to let him rest and not lose him for next season!!
#IfYouReallyLikedMe you would make an effort.
Ready to get outta school. I'm kinda hungry.
lol no tomorrow.
I love ur youtube videos about Cody Simpson!
what up? Just thinking about ya- hasn't talk to u in a while- hope all is well
Think Like a Man was so good. def wanna read that book now lol
why are you so damn expensive??? will at least be there in chicago?
I'm not able to watch the #Grammys bal, I hope the tribute 2 Whitney is recorded and posted online somewhere.
if your stadium named after fast food ur a Loserville fan. Lol.
Miss you too Ariane!!! Pray you are having an awesome weekend filled with music and love!!!! Hugs my freind! :D
Math aint really Hard :)
You could sign up, find a team, come down on Sat as long as you can (bring Z), go home and work remote, then back on Sun. :-)
I'm officially spoken for. Eric Brunett is my new man.
lmfaooo omg that's the picture I wqas going to send you but I couldn't find it!
LOL! It's over!
“ You Niggaz a Joke”
Toasted strawberry earl greyer zombie marathon
Thnx Troy! RT Watching on way to play ! Good stuff girls!
Obviously, he'll be in the poll position.
RT : LOL! Didn't even know you were on Twitter, sir! Great hearing from you :-) #nowfollowing <<my MAN!!
loving the new pic!
I had a great experience today, going to the Mac Store and Best Buy! I felt I could have been a better leader, but that's apart of growing!!
yup. Just me and TB!
lol damn I had it but its scratched up I gotta buy a new 1, im gonna watch Poetic Justice -fuck u fuck u fuck u bitch
“ Highly recommended new track from featuring ”
Reading through the Weekly email - so much great stuff going on for the community - way overdue for a visit!
I love being home and watching Dateline with the fam
#writetip dialogue scenes: let characters interact with environment, even if it's only by leaning back in their chair. via
Yeah Bro .
Back in #SOCO for a few days!!!
Oh, and one staff member already called in sick. #MarchMadness #Productivity #ComeOn!!!
your #RhetoricalFigure of the day: proslepsis. that is all...
“: Caine is an amazing kid. Brought tears to my eyes. Kids like this are why I'm hopeful for the future.”
Happy Holidays to you and yours
easy tiger!!! #teammadge :)
Just went to a Baltimore Architecture Week session - "The Role of Design Centers in Urban Regeneration." Very inspiring!
Thank you and for your hard work. Sleep well!
it sucks!!!:/ ahh nextime i guess!
Did you attend #BiteLV last weekend? We did. was pretty awesome! That means you should check them out!
Someone just tweeted to me some OER tied to the common core. Let me dig.
I really like the faster shipping options w Prime. Used that feature enough that it's paid for itself.
Can hear Allman Bros on the radio and smell bbq'd chicken in the air. Just like summer, here in Irvington.
Jordan of Course was the only player better than Kobe period no need to name the rest they don't compare !!!
Come with us have fun at Stone Age Climbing Gym. Saturday, January 7th 11am to 1pm. Sign up by calling 268-1231 or send us a FB message!
hell yeah boyz were bout to get that 2nd win for damn sure
if that happens, they will know me by name and order within a week.
That makes me incredibly jealous!
Ryan Braun pleaded his case Thursday before a three-member panel that will decide the Brewers outfielder's fate
DJ: A little debate has started amongst the RST staff. So you tell us, Baltimore. Peter Angelos; sell the team or just go die?
wait, olive oil?
Listening to One Direction "Up All Night" Album. Love every song on there!
i gotcha ;}
...ugh. And annoying!
Was gonna go surprise some folks tonight. Walked out the station to this rainy mess. <U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+26A1>Think it's time to go home<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>. Tweet me---> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
is changing the be.
Apartment hunting is the worst. I may end up living in a yurt.
Eeeeekk so excited. RT : T-minus 22 hours until rolls into the i.d.e.a. parking lot. Can't wait!
that's the thing. I'm not working this weekend :(
Should we have separate leagues for age groups (like 8-13 year olds, 14 and ups), etc? What should the ages be?
"you always pick me up like you're my boyfriend. And I love it!" - hahaha #toofunny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
..man u a bad negroe! Imma be in DC from at the end of April we gotta link man and record
not actually, but i long to be
I am unhealthily excited for prime time TV tonight.
I've met so many amazing people at registration so far! Congrats, graduates!!
Long day at work!! Hanging out with Miss Venice tonight! :)
idk if it was me?! Hahah I might of.. Haha
they'll be great when they need to. We will route hard for our team and let the chips fall where they will.
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a time of 32:53 with Nike+ GPS.
yep, Hanoori sounds good! See you Thursday.
Wow. MSNBC reporting that Republicans have lost 60% of women voters. They will have to win over 60% of men 2 make it up.
I guess our thank you note did not appear on twitter last night but a special thanks for coming out...a reminder our next show is Wed Jul 6.
i will thanks sis :) bring the fam tomorrow!
love you more!!!
If the world knew of they would blow up I promise you that. Pure gold what these guys put out.
perhaps it is the rainy day coffee shop effect.
'Boys aren't ready for prime time.
Yes. Yes, you do.
Nate Tannenbaum did our weather today :)
how do u know lol
It is called "virtual hold." You'll probably use it at your credit card co or internet/cable provider. Thanks for the tweet.
Yeah, definitely not in touch with reality.
great article on GottaBeMobile, but can I request that you not term the cellhelmet as insurance? DM me?
its about time the knicks win
I do hate that it's with the Halos. They're about to be the 2001 Rangers so I'm not too worried.
something familiar haha
Great ways to share a story: humor works. So does celebrating altruism.
That's sick.!..
how you been , very long time
clearly I wasnt late if I saw you throw it...and neither of those boys are more important than me or
does it have to be one or the other?
a far more valuable passer than someone (such as DWill) that picks up a large percentage of their assists on outside shots.
ill trade you shoes if thats the case
#ff RT If the van's a-rockin', you're probably hurting her, bro.
Sounds like a good time to make a Scrabble move!
#makerfaire was fun as in past years, but the crowds make it a little silly/crazy, specially for kids. Burningman was well represented.
Good morning and Happy Friday folks!
I need a personal assistant
u need to come mix it up in AZ! ;)
Welcome Sandi! Thanks again for flying with us here at MKE. Have a great time in Chicago. We look forward to seeing you again soon.
Happy Birthday Mr. President <U+2665>
well thanks!!<3 And yeah, I know I know..
Dear world. Today is a good day.
Finally no one, and I mean no one will pay to see the three stooges.
omg lol no its the truth
my house is turning into a studio for fashion photography, which means that when I walk around shirtless and in soccer shorts = sexy.
i just gave someone a hi-f-andshake....that awkward i have something in my right hand so i gotta give u a lefty hybrid hi5 handshake
Exposing the genocide machine. Coming within a week: Calling Out the Fuckin' Killers. A political commentary by Sinclair and Gold.
RT Quotes4Writers: "[what] is really hard & amazing...giving up on being perfect & beginning the work of becoming yourself." A Quindlen
haha im happy you liked it! =] theyre always a good time live or just blasting in the car haha
I demand that Pareja wears a sweater vest every game. What's up?
Merry Christmas Gorgeous !!!! Hoping it's your best one EVER !!!
I've worked for men and women & all stripes of ppl in my career. Gender not a pref. except women in general r more empathetic?
What color shirt do you think Tom Cruise is wearing today?
HEY GUYS!!!
RT : Most great people have attained their greatest Success just one step beyond their greatest failure."
its Candace at HOB can you email me? xo
Just lost another hour of my life to It's great that employees know what works for them but I need skin care advice.
I fought the lawn and the lawn won.
Gary Cahill coming off might just be the difference I this game, sadly enough
It's going to be hot in #Pittsburgh today...make sure to stay cool, check on the children, seniors, and pets!!! Plus keep your #PC's Cool!
What fancy tools are the cool kids using these days to measure social media engagement?
hey there. ready some of your articles on TiP! Can you DM me your email? I'd like to talk to you about a few things. Thanks bro
that's OK. U know Sara put ur name in the video. She put Help editing Mareh ..
My baby njoyd his bday...omg he is really 7
I know. It's kinda shameful but they have good stuff!
: Yay! So glad you're enjoying the trip. But wait. What makes a brownie Mexican? Does it wear a sombrero?
Friday night nothing much better than this!
When I get tattoos all over my body, I'll cover em up & once I run shit, then I'll wear them like a medal & you will witness supremacy.
Done & done
..i noted that tyler seguin hasn't done much either, d'oh// Clearly, come Wednesday, the Caps deserve a lot more scrutiny!
Sorry long lost cousin but I'm cheering for my Mavs today!
I need to go take a nap...
#successsummit Checked in and ready for a great day!!! Say hi if you are here, what a fantastic turnout ;)
Now it's over and they're playing the worst song ever. Something about needing a refill...
sound check for TEDx Jackson Hole! EEk! Im excited and beyond surreal :-)
One more day til the Rebirth Show @ Boomerangs in St. Bernard! Afterbirth party to follow! music at 10 pm!
Goodmorning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> don't be scared of thunder I've got youu.
Please let today be a good day. Excited to see later.
Say to your boss I like your style and shoot him with double-barreled fingers.
no problem and it's alright :)
you ever use this account, lady? me either.
The fuck just happened??
LOVE that movie. That was before La'lohan went nuts.
is disgusted by the people of "Westboro Baptist Church, KA" protesting outside the Dallas Holocaust Museum. We are called to love, not hate.
Craving Best Baguette. Maybe I'll grab some later
oh I see that's not bad
Kennedy: petition circulators do not have to live in district. They are to in fight against Sen Fitzgerald
I didn't grow up here. But I think it refers to very thin layer of sugar powder people spread on top of a gingerbread house:-)
Back to working on my list
Stony Brook University is mourning the loss of one its students after a fatal hit-and-run accident near the campus.
music for my ears & art for my eyes. there is so much art on the internet! endless!
When you're on the transplant list at 45, well life's a bitch then you die
Is the application online?
I know, I just love them! This novela needs to air everyday like the Spanish ones.
Weird finds a way.
lmaoooo y left early
Don't think about it. See what your doing to yourself.
IT'S SO FLUFFY IM GONNA DIE
Loyalty is all i know.
Let ATL Staging And Organizing help make your home more livable or easier to sell!!
...plus ordering some new CKBC swag which will be available in exchange for money in the brew house shortly...and eventually on our website.
i like the word knackered, its fun to say! haha ooh or posh!
Someone should tweet me :3
what's up? I can't watch the show and I've had a bad day 2day :'(
Of course! I can add you to my blog roll. Thought you might like to see that particular post since you are mentioned in it.
#GoTribe 1st day of tournament let's go tribe !
Um obsessed with mini CakeStylist should for sure follow her...
Are you alive? If not, can I have your car?
Nerds and gamers aren't people with 3D glasses with no lenses, or people who play Farmville. We're a proud group not filled with morons.
I know I been ghost for a while #TeamKhleo!!! How is everybody doing? I missed all you guys especially !!! Hit me up!!!
Glad I got to meet some of you guys today! Thank you for all the advice. :)
Working on my hour stand-up special. I already have 15 minutes locked in (the commercials).
but I had a blast though !
These Lebron James stay in school commercials are BS. He was already earning $$ in high school, and not from good grades
I'm pretty sure the Lions and Patriots switched jerseys before the game
u jacking
You don't act like you used to. What happened to saying sweet things everyday because you want me to always know?
How was your day(:
Oh My Dear, please don't cry. It hurts me when i see you upset. Stand Grand. Just remember this bestie got yo' back gurl <3
Reading original tweets and thinking *i should have fu*cking thought of that!!*
In Sierra Leone, Grammar School Wins Nigerian Students Quiz - Awareness Times
Bout to go see The Avengers ..!
I told the homies she turned me out...
lol that's where we get #DumbShit4Life from cuz Nic tweeted it to her . But idr her @ name ...
yeah indiana won this!
Huge thanks to for sharing such a smart, comprehensive, and inspiring view of the publishing landscape with grubbies yesterday.
"Lets go I need to put my drunkenness into use"
My finger is still all wrapped up in a big bandage. It's so hard to type without it!! Super frustrating trying to get through email.
Um y haven't Text me.
love the variety in your collection but what's the story with the owls?
FREDDIE FOLLOW ME!...... Me might think of making videos like your someday.(; #Follow #Winning???
Damn its friday n I qot two weeks of school left.! Cant wait.!
I am in charge of writing the season finale for CRANE. I already know how it will end.
well, somebody's got to make all the things to hold up all the boobies.
#worstserviceever.why lie and say all your flights are delayed due to mother nature? #bullshit it's due to being morons!
I still need to make an appointment -_-
The Sriracha Sweet Chile sauce you posted about didn't work. Never reached a sauce consistency - it was like liquid. (1 of 2)
Next up on the dessert list.......Wait for it....... Decedent Brooklyn Blackout Cake!
$7.78 tab from "free" public library trip w/kids: $5.75 in overdue fees, $2 worth of used books and 3 wishes in the fountain.
aw thanks boo!!! Have fun this weekend..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT : Yep blame kobe
5 days till BP rocks Denver and girl's night out! So excited! Maybe I'll get a special birthday song?
thanks for the mention!
i stay fresh and fly
school!! Physic class.. Whatta hell ._.
All my friends are getting ready for military ball tonight, and I'm just here like .. Hope you guys have fun :/
New scientific data shows, I was wrong. A CAT has an IQ of 1. A LIBERAL's is 2. Sorry
A big thank you and enjoy the Halloween.
I fucking hate school. I want it to be over.
Soul Plane & Baby Boy are always on BET! There's tons of other black movies...come on now, switch it up!
hahah I'm sure I'm not either
Right now has the only one. We'd need to work out agreement with him before selling. It all up to him.
Buffalo boom straight 10s
Will you be in NY anytime between Sept 19th and Oct 1st?
School should start at like twelve and be for only two hours
LMAO " I love running on a beautiful morning...Now, if I can only make it past the driveway."
Galineris parents are illegal
sounds delicious! Can u share the recipe :0)
Getting ready to go through security at the White House. Just handed over my id. Standing outside. It's freezing.
Today was good, tomorrow will be even better, and so on and so forth for the rest of my life.
are store bought tortillas the downfall of the Hispanic family...Go...
Anonymous indeed. ;)
what the fuck was that????? it's like lost meets lord of the rings....
He loved you
2011 date announced for InnoTech Austin. Join us on October 20th! What is your #1 "must-have" topic we should feature this year?
I'm sick but I'm feeling pretty good finished up a custom order, I have 2 more custom jobs to do. Along with 3 baby shower gifts. :-)
Putting the U back in volunteering |
Saturday, April 9th, @ the Chameleon Club in Lancaster, PA - Hierosonic returns to the stage for their first performance of 2011
Whoever invented the breakfast pork fries at Honeypie is a jerk. I just want to shovel that stuff into my mouth until my arteries seize
Holy upsets!
Thanks for the RT! Excited to have you all plugged into our #campusviolence discussion.
Good morning success is not given to you, it is earned. Go earn yours....
Be happy in front of people who don't like you. It kills them
I wanna watch House
It really is.... So is ping pong.
rainy day today??
Black Suit dress with pink blazer in BK court today. Thoughts? So tired of boring neutrals.
I'm getting bored of homework so I think I'll head out and catch Red Tails now
is getting emotionally prepared for 2 months of Christmas music.
Awesome reason to crank the music up! :)
Gah - you are so inspiring I can't even begin.
hm yellow!!
100M mobile consumers in Europe received SMS ads: comScore. www.zesmo.com
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:13am in Atlanta, GA it is 75 degrees. High: 88* Low: 63*
Hemo killed it tonight
Pick up the July issue of InStyle magazine and see Bypass Lane mentioned as a "Free Good-Time App!" (Page 180!)
I'm telling you I make myself laugh! Lol
New topic - Using Nikon lenses
RT : #libchat Q4 Get the lib work experience before graduation. Pursue what you believe in!
Also, super excited about the Spotify i pad app!!
Bored. As. Hell.
Why are you even mad at me?
Join me sometime! I go there once a week.
Sales and Marketing also come together for a weekly SMarketing meeting to keep the teams aligned with various activities/goals
I just check my notifications.. Lol
The CRV / Matthew Broderick/ Ferris Bueller commercial never gets old. I love it!
don't doubt me in the lane
then what is the opposition about - I say sex bc it's masked homophobia
told ya so...
Eli M
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
What's this all about. It's like the 5th one that's come across
school started a week ago and there is a guy in my science class that looks like the iconic boyz louis
R.I.P Don Cornelius
appreciate the S/O! You have a great weekend as well!!
The Motivos team is excited about heading to #Seattle tomorrow for the National HS #Journalism convention! #Wuhoo!
How did your #HCG P3 steak day work????
Chemistry jokes are sodium funny. :) haha
I know, I'm excited!
read the book. Enjoyed it. My girlfriend (who does not like golf) read and enjoyed it as well.
thanks! Good luck on subs!
and what city would that be?
hey... tweeted me!not you;)<3 haha love them
Those things are awesome.
Stay tuned for news regarding NMAs Museum Advocacy Day 3/10/2011 in Carson City!
I'm trying to find the words to describe this girl with out being disrespectful
I hate when people don't acknowledge you held the door open for them. If you're not gonna say thanks, at least smile and nod dickhead.
and she know you weak and we ain't the same you hit the scene, i make the scene i'm in her head like maybelline
playoffs when crazy happens...
MT : David Schaller bringing Augmented Reality to forefront of #museums. Tech needs to meet goals, it can't be the goal
idk it was totally random. It's fine now
lmmfao oh lord i hope you not driving
she was someone who actually shed light on the empowering process of birth for me. still not having babies, but she's awesome...
you should probably make sure it's fried.
Not sure I can be alive yet this morning.
Catching up on Oscar nominated movies as part of our Oscar celebration this weekend.
you are welcome to join us, but I will come to where you are if it will be easier. Let me know :)
Knicks got this!!
Back in the twitterverse after a few crazy months... hello my tweeps!
I can never do nothing right I'm a screw up
Every haircut starts with a reminder of how awesome I look with a bowl cut...
RIP #Steve Jobs. You changed the world forever and we will not forget you. #Thank you.
I hearby name this the breakup song of the decade: ADELE's "NEVER MIND I FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU!" #GoodBreakupThatis!
Watching 2012 With My Brothers Lmfao They Assholes Fr.
I have April and May dates :)
RT : A statewide tornado drill (a mock tornado warning) is underway at this time.
No swinging until he throws a strike!!!
But you may also be the world to one person. Anonymous
What if twitter just dropped off the face of earth...??? Alot of people whould not have a life would you kill yourself??? Lol
Ah extremely stressfull last week of the semester
#askryan can u have a concert in southern Indiana or near by? (: I REALLY wanna see u (: that would be my 1st concert ever!
ah, for once life is good
Really looking forward to living in a place where I don't have to plan when I will or won't get sleep, due to a stupid drinking holiday.
LEAVE IT TO BEAVER: Anthropomorphic beaver runs lost-and-found where you can LEAVE him things. GREEN LIGHT
In new report from what do "transfers" include? Does the data accurately reflect # of students who drop out?
we have Sofia mini champs in the Bus!
Congrats to Oregon, which will no doubt rise in the BCS standings...but hold steady in the USN&WR rankings at
Back to the doctor today!
#BloodSport on #NBCSports - Class (A) Acting...
I guess the race is now between Chuck/SPN. May the best fandom win. Smallville fans will just have to wait for a miracle! lol
you can always spend a semester at bctc and then go back to it.
Listening to reminds me of how weird I was in '05/'06. Skinnies, slip on vans, brown hair, MySpace...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hopefully we have a slow day at work
"before anything else, preparation is the key to success."
It may be cold outside but it's warm at the studio! Come celebrate Halloween with us tonight!
on clubpenguin, while listening to music, ahaha hby? p.s my bestfriend was like omg i wanna go on clubpenguin and i was like
smh........I decide to spend $330 on new glasses not knowing I got student loan bills due this weekend. At least I can see now!
Hey Jean thanks for follow, how's Dallas?
If I survive my 1st Heart Attack, I plan on suing the Distributor I work for. By not giving me time to stop and eat, fast food is killing me
Chillin at da crib getting ready fo my JUnioR Year
I think it's going to lead to more longterm care for retired players, post play care and counseling and care funding
yeah, I just needed something to pull me off the round-the-clock "Paul's Boutique" jag I was on.
Winston Shepard and Robert Upshaw added 12 and 10 respectively, while Branch West was led by 6-foot-6 PF Sean Morgan's game-high 23
When that day comes it will mark the end of an era, and will signify the total collapse of the reign of The Touchy People.
Got Ethan's cake. It looks wonderful!! Headed home with and Having Erhans party then out later.
essex county nj
When the Flames get Fanned, the Faithful Stand!
cedar point is the best of the 2 but kings island has some pretty good coasters like the beast etc
just ran around in the rain with Jacqueline! Happy Easter! Love!(:
The Best t.v comes on during Finals Week.
Day totally derailed by Coming to America on VH1. It's the law: if this movie is on, it must be watched.
Which way home? Go west via Canada? Or via US? What way would u go? Hoka Hey friends?
Thanks for sending them our way!
gone call the Pastor --> So...I told Rodney if the Giants win we could get married...OH SHIIII
#chicultural2012 Top three identified by tonight's cultural conversation are: 1) Spaces 2) Access and 3) Cross Pollinate...
Just played "chicken" at #USC. My car and me versus a guy in a speedo ... He won.
Wish I had some one to share this Mingua beff jerky with! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AE>
At least Mitt Romney has the decency of marrying all the women he sexually harassed.
Yay! “: woo hoo. Booked rooms and flights for WordCamp Reno! See you there! #wcreno”
Sittin here bored bout to play GTA IV
Modern Family could not have been on a better night.
Link didn't work.
I just got a copy of the #GameofThrones book!
yeah I have kansas over kentucky! I've never gotten the championship teams right before lol
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 15
Are they good? Sorry Im a typical Boston blowhard that knows nothing about college sports RT Duke is playing in your city today
OUR Budget Initiatives:1.Restore all cuts to EI Services and Rates 2. Compensation for 18 years non-payment of COLA's3.Budget Transparency
Now that it's winter in #SF again, I'm going to have to break out my boots and sweaters. Seriously, I dig this town but NOT the weather.
If it doesn't kill you it makes you stronger...
It be some fucking sights at the court house
kind of like Fenway and Wrigley. Typical camera angle doesn't show how small the place is.
After Greta hounded him about 20 times
": It sucks doesn't it? Feeling like you're always the second choice."
Of course, I miss you. But that doesn't mean the worlds stops spinning. Life goes on, and so do I.
I think the #Bengals best first-round scenario is coming away with some combination of Stephon Gilmore-David DeCastro.
LOL follow her, she uploads pics :D
Funny... bc "Guy" is pulling away from you to save his life! Thoughts from Guy: "Please GIANT, don't eat me or cough on me!"
Check out award-winning #AmericanU #wonks , , , , & !
Lol I honesty don't watch those two..I will watch action but I dunno sorry..mostly comedy or love
- but they are small states if you look at them on a very tiny map :)
for sum reason I love ur tweets
Hello ATL. Last time we met, I enjoyed your company for way too long.
If you're gonna live your life in a certain way do it 100%.
#FF Beautiful Bellies and Beyond Partners:
I use sync-toy 2.0
just now tuning into the #Duke vs. #Lehigh game.
you better not be tweeting and driving.... :)
What happened to the trailer on the back of Optimus Prime when he transformed?
Your well-formulated supposition is comparable to mine.
check ur email
We look forward to participating in the 's HBCU Foreign Policy Conference later today.
I'd be honored.
#twittamentary. Talking about homeless ppl and Wall Street trading floor hhuummm
Mama's Day for me: Gardening, bike ride, short run, and food food food!
I miss you guys miss my
Great event w/ LAUSD's Deasy, UTLA's Duffy, and DFER. So much needed for our schools. Great discussion!
I am working on a mobile play bus/van & portable imagination playground, popup park 4 park-a-day. Help?
jus hooked up wit n n they are makin sure my shit floods the streets in the upcoming months...
Don't even know why I paint my nails, I just sit there and pick it off
Midnight showing of Hunger Games + 5:30 am wake up this morning = tired fan girl. But so worth it.
:) gasp my first favorite and retweet lol
world best On sale all the no no BS! www.varsityjackets09.com we rule! 412 973 8262 Call Bob now
How is your day going? If you have something to vent, we would like to hear it...
She deserves it! RT : Hell yeah, she is! “: Atheist high school student gets huge scholarship."
follow back blind fury
Live streaming event 10000pl, direct m for more details
That would be EPIC! RT : The time has come for a Stevie Wonder and album.
Can you follow me I follow u
hi laura happy thursday to you
because NO one can be on #Twitter 24/7.
like Poe, but watch Miss State game. You'll be disappointed. Pushed around. Non-factor. Wasn't doubled much in game.
#Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within. #HappyValentinesDay! <3
#sometimesyouhaveto say what's on ur mind
OK for now. I may have to schedule an interview for that time. I'll let you know.
I think I was in shock.
MY GOVERNOR HAS A CRIMINAL DEFENSE FUND
Only that it is really good.I think they did outstanding job finding southern hemisphere equivs
First samples have cleared customs and are on their way. Stay tuned.
#nowplaying I get lonely too drake
Our power went out in Phoenixville for a minute or two, then came back.
RT Just coming down! Great fun. “: thx 4 coming by the station Fri.how's that sugar rush?Good to meet u
RT: X.com domain for sale. $6.5mil. 1.4mil unique views per month. Obviously, HUGE potential. Get at me for details. Pass it on.
should I have a marketing twitter and personal twitter accnt?
I AM BORN IN AMERICA. FUCK IN AMERICA. YOU DON'T AGREE? GO EAT GRAPEFRUIT YOURSELF.
Have any leads on 1-2 #salesforce developers who want to help develop healthcare app at startup? # developer
Love the site! Thanks for the tip!
“You cant talk yourself out of problems you behave yourself into
The bank is open on Fridays!!!!!!!
don't be late foo
Oh, I love those, too! Jalapenos are da bomb!
Jim Caldwell is out as #Colts head coach? Who would you like to see as replacement? Predictions? Future of Manning?
Oh & then I read the subreddit focused on Pick Up Artist stuff, I guess I had been liking straight guys too much or something. Not anymore!
I can't wait to see Justin perform!
Listening to in hot topic ;)
just finished running gassers in preps for Olympics
Students in #Finland spend less time in classroom and have less homework than many countries including the #US and is the world's #2 leader.
i have more but i spent 3 weeks on that
Make sure you are dealing with a contractor you can trust. At Mr.D's we provide you with Referrals and a solid reputation Con Lic
Woke up 2 hours later than i needed to... This days off to a good start. #stressing can I just crawl in that hole already?
What do a Hummer and a Baby Grand Piano have in common? Margarita Cabrera created both and SECCA's got 'em. Come see. www.secca.org
Got it. I'm reading about some of it now. I'm not, FYI.
Maybe we, why don't we just sit right here for half an hour. We'll speak of what waste I am. And how we missed your beat again.
Even though she's already free I'm still yellin' FREE VNASTY til' my throat is raspy!
“: you r one lucky Mofo! Id give my right nut for a follow back from bibi
Long distance love breaks the heart the time spent together taped back together. Over and over and over and... ((hug))
He a man today
yeah, we keep seeing all the posts about it but want a good resource on what's happening.
I Need to Start being on here More!! aha
So speechless
Hope Your BDay was Badass... Which I'm sure it was!!
this will just be a chance for me to make them again after you are done trying to he a good catholic. :)
yes he is lucky cuz that was a nasty hit. Not sure how suspensions work in intl play. Hope he gets 3 games nasty hit
Danng the parking lots at school are empty, nd I'm waaayy to early to class -_-
i want to be there
hey i followed him can you please follow me i would really appreciate it!
Imagine a house made solely out of one food item - what would it be in your dream food house?
That's great, I'm starting college in the fall, so i'm finishing up with my credits then i'm done :) ,
Not cool. def. feel stupid. lol :)
Spending lunch in the car with the windows and sunroof down. It's amazing outside, wish I could lay here all day :)
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine sweatpants hair tied chillin' with no makeup on that's when you're the prettiest i hope that you don't take it wrong
does "tapped out" mean no more drink or no more pay? I've done both
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KIDDO!! LALALALALA!!
Feather 1:39 - As I tiptoe through the mine field of 1000 futures, I fear no shrapnel. For I will receive what I deserve.
You mean more, mean more to me. Than any color I can see.
ditch that Georgetown Cupcake line and head to Baked & Wired!
which one of my boyfriends texted me?" wha?!how are you finna be mad when people cheat&use you,when you in the same place?wheres #Jesus at?
Boo Frog 'better than the rest' LP test pressing arrived today! SOUNDS FANTASTIC.
awesome!! Glad to hear. Enjoy your weekend
nice subaru bro
Global track chairs are there to provide continuity and are replaced when a position opens up.
Yep, I'm tired already.
co-starring Valerie Bertenelli...
Such a weird feeling putting the first lecture together for my first course. These next five weeks will be both exciting and stressful.
would it go with ur dres? J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Seek social media expert p.t on Facebk, twitter, website, & more. We don't pay a whole lot as a non-profit but you'll receive lots of PR, f…
i suspect age has a bit to do with it too, perhaps as much as religion. Maybe even more.
hiya hows u x
Pub date is fall 2012. Glad you're excited!
Is you mad Bro?
Time to get weird
I am the keeper of my thoughts, and my reaction to turmoil is one of cool and calm.
your just so AMAZING! your voice is just... <3 follow..?!
Good Friday and a full-moon. Looking forward to a crazy day.
Its beautiful.. Worth the blisters, I'm guessn..
u would have been so much better for that joint!!
i love your picture
It was nice to meet you with Jan from Hope you are recovering from #sxsw and that your inbox is not too full.
The Great Blake
pichilin isn't going to a effin bar. Pichi and Rudy are.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. Aristotle
Don't just look at your best work and SAY "I can do better", instead look at it and then DO better! ~ Elisha Hale
Steak n Shake FTW!
thanks fot the laughs.
LOL where in the world are you.
"Happy days are here again."
In two years no one will remember that my goatee stopped a meatball from ruining my shirt.
Happy Thanksgiving! =)
We've got some NEW openings: financial advisor, insurance-l/h/d, mortgage broker! don't miss this opportunity at some prized positions!
Uploading photos to Twitter on Seesmic is giving me nothing but trouble today.
If you're in Nob Hill later, stop by Griffin & Associates for our May Margarita party! Live music & great company.
Awesome Fireworks at The Ballpark in Arlington from I-30! #boomstick go Nelly!
PickUpLine: You smell wet. Let's Party.
finished that's sesh but
What are your plans for new years?
Maybe I should be a wedding planner as a part time job. Ah haa
it's true though, stick with it and you'll eventually succeed
Today's rock band playing in North Campus (over my head) is actually pretty good, in a muffled sort of way.
Romo is amazing! x
Sis !!! I miss you more! We fell off so hard! What are you doing tomorrow?
We would love to have you participate! Is there a particular person I can send more information to? Thanks for reaching out!
Ironically, you have to be a resident of Panem to afford an IMAX ticket for
Totally. You me and need to get some Masa again when you move out btw
So who's going to be the first to say the Chicago is better with Rose on the bench? Better defense and more efficient pg play...
If academics were any good they would be out there creating wealth. Those who can't, teach
we all are.
hey mary, should i pass this on to lauren or leslie? not sure what this means.
#Modelos..steak..potatoes...good company...
Woo! RT : Our nutritionist is taking questions during tonight's #BiggestLoser! Tweet away with #askcheryl!
And this dude just keeps striking out! Inviting me to a free lunch AND then whistling at me to get my attention?
Awesome! We'll definitely keep you posted as more details are released. We're looking forward to it too!!!
Back on twitter for good now. Not that anyone cares...
thank you so much for your support Shiho!
We are sold out for the day!
obviously you(; HATERS GONNA HATE MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE<3
aww thanks!! That means a lot that you would pay attention to them. Hope your day was amazing! :)
Ill suprise you
Awesome! I will include it tomorrow. Hilarious! :) Thanks, Estelle.
How is it that I am always happy to hear about others booking work?
Check out on twitter for updates on the National ACLU Conference 2012 through Tuesday
please elaborate always love good desigb.
well, cupid's arrow MAY have struck. jusssssssstsaying. and MISS YOU! can we plan another amazeballs party, like, stat?
i love having a reason to dress up & get all pretty. <U+2764>
Any suggestions for drum covers? I'm thinking about doing an Alter Bridge song.
lovin the girlfriend Day... these are the days i live for
: It's so sweet to hear the voices of Willowbrook Church worship together! Lauren and Brittany great match for BGV's.
it was tiring until the last hour of work, but it is ending quite nicely now I'm home. Glad to hear yours was good! :)
Idk when I moved from "keep watching, it's Joss" to "sweet!"...likely when shows up
The world is unfair, you can rip him from your mind.
There have been a lot of Robert Brents in this world, but only one who has the LCNAF heading of "Robert Brent, gentleman."
Brunello di Montalcino is 1 of Italy's most sought after wines made from Sangiovese grape. Brunello roughly translates to "nice dark one"
why yes, yes it does!
A “Perfect” Adoption « Holt International – Blog
i just farted in front of and
Yep. Sure did just drop a crochet hook down a heating vent. Guess it's bedtime.
when do you feel class? never
we <U+2764> you more!!
Me me me me me!!!! (sounds like 1959 Miramar Playa music, HA!) ME TOO! :):):)
ok maybe I will
talking to her sister
Wisconsin is so open for business, 50,000 jobs magically appear!
Excited to see and on a panel discussing Start Ups and Advisors at
Just got my yearbook! We worked so hard on it and it looks great! Yerd for life!!!
Mad respect for the MLS fan. Although I hate Columbus (Michigan grad)
I used to love that show but now I like never have time to watch it.
I love how I just ask billy who has the biggest ass in the grade & he said me....
lol yea but I was only kidding cause I always kid wit her
I wish every day was as successful as today.
Painting a striped blazer.
what company does the side of the truck door read?
yes been to Raleigh and another part..lol
Good MorningTweeps. Just waking up
Yeah, I'm noticing a tremendous difference. Running silky smooth for me
“: hmm I want to! what time will we go/be done :p” like 3:15 I have to be there at 4 and I should be done by 4:30
Oh boy, you're gonna have me tweeting #mygirlfriday & #lovewillfindyou all night 'cause the song is that wonderful!
who's making the film?
I literally just got 15 messages from you tweeting.
Miss You Aaliyah!!!!!!! I'm still crying!!!
I told my mom that we should have bet $100 on I'll Have Another in the #KentuckyDerby... The horse just won.
it's not working, this rest day. I can think of nothing but the next race, which isn't until July...that's too long!
wow, your mom has some MAD skills! She should start a biz selling them, I would promote the hell out of it
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... corn is 15 cents an ear.
The dad statement is probable inadmissible evidence in court; 3rd party hearsay evidence?
Heading to Aruba w/ for 2012 Aruba Poker is back May 3rd!
indeed - email
Hm will tonight change my life?
Reading applications. Barcelona isn't a country.
Thanks for a great 2 days. Looking forward to getting back to work on implementation of new ideas.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated,
saw a girl i know & her mom at subway & I said hi & it was literally the most awkward thing ever. they just stared at me
I don't think anyone really cares one way or the other. The Heat cult is just a little sensitive. Haha
and 1and 2 out of 4 would not let me get my bag to go to my next class
Paddle boating with the sister and
Happy Mothers Day!
That was a decieving headline.
sitting here listening to Neil Young as its being mastered... yup, its amazing.
let's hope not. I have faith in this next generation
17 days of school left!
Very interested in talking about trends/changes in social behavior. Connect offline?
Hard to Say I'm Sorry by Chicago was the #1 song this day in 1981. I love Chicago!
Just wanted to make sure you've seen the GE Healthcare job posting in the Aberg e-mails! I think of you everytime I read it!
I seen those prom pics ! You could not look more hell of Puerto Rican !!! Nice Swagger though made me proud !
I'm so honest. I'm even honest about lying. I lie to hos on twitter all the time but my stupid lies make them smile all day
Yes, but the question is: will they miss you? Did you bother to stop and consider their feelings?
Yours for keeps????? Need to visit. Irresistible.
Im pretty sure my dreams are gonna be shot down tomorrow.
HELL YEAH! RT : And Now...THE AVENGERS -
Thanks for that mention!
Nm Just Workin On New Material And You
Lol so mad, why can't people be on time!?!?! Like are you kidding me?
Tell me that you're doing fine.I still remember every time. & everyone I know will say that you are always apart of me.
First time in NYC. Maybe on my next visit I'll be able to leave JFK.
<U+266B> Keith Sweat - Whatever You Want <U+266B>
Good morning, #afpmeet . Starting today by learning how to "fail informatively" in 202-204.
That's a completely different game.
Had the Brussels Metro morning rush hour experience this morning. It was crowded and hot. So glad to have a car at home!
WANTS FOLLOWERS!!!! follow her she is strapped up and shit her name is drinkme_im18...lol sounds wet
#Highschoolmemories tryin to make lyrics out of the economics book
I remember when Google founders' goal was 'get users to destination' as fast as possible. Their goal is now reversed. Cld be their undoing
Have heard about you from notable sources. Curious. Where can I learn more. And who from?
The best of preservation speaks to opportunity & change. Both those, +/-, that have been & how we can do better.
I removed the original hard drive, set up a sector-by-sector encrypted RAID partition & moved the old stuff onto it. Should do it?
I replied twice. Trying to tweet from my phone is challenging!
good relationship with trusted source is key. Nice to hear of your responses.
Sorry to hear things aren't so well with you! Please let us know if we can do anything.
Aw shyt its gettin ugly im not goin say for who
I'm tired of YOU CSS!
me and versus you ( ) and whoever
The #swsea11 hashtag got kidnapped by porn spammers ... again. , you need to get on top of this!
its always like that...labels have no vision, the artists can't sing, and they couldn't find a good song if it bit'em
Were I there, I'd raise a hand to question the phrase "we're a free society." Who are "we" and what is "free"?
It has been suggested that I start a food blog. I'm not so sure if that's a good idea. What do you all think?
but what if I am really honest..but dressed as a clown?? Still take me seriously?
you tellin me the kush make you think on level 4 ? im on 5 you sayin that i can level more ?
hahaha I'll take a nap and then I get to go shopping! So I'll be good hello
I'm dying laughing, ohmygawd.
thrilled to have on tonite.. 7pm. see you there!! :)
Welcome to our family!
Note to self: never go black friday shopping.
Movie with friends. Sounds like code for...
Shower and time 1.5 mile run at Milwaukee Lutheran
Well, my iPhone just shocked me when that lightning hit. I didn't even know that was possible.
"We gotta keep playing our best basketball."- Lionel Hollins. He's an inspiring man.
Eek! RT : New poll: 42% of Americans don't know the year America declared independence, 1776.
Call, tweet, email, facebook to request "Old School" today!
-- I knew it. I know my blood.
I'd love to! Thanks for remembering. Ping me mid-January and we'll make it happen!
That head great, that pussy lavish
I hope Cotto beats the crap out of Mayweather.
#slaleads just saw demo of Scannx Book Scan Center. Cool product! Thx to CCP Solutions 4 mtg sponsorship!
so you tweet about it first instead of backing back and watching it? lolz
Or, Darth Vader throwing Emperor into the pit style, if you prefer.
Congrats. Great hustle tonight.
how was Dallas last night? :(
me too I deactivated well over a year ago I should log in and delete everything
I saw a person shot in that villa tho
I did it. You don't have to be happy about it.
Rip Steve, my sincere condolence to his family, dear friends and the entire Apple community.
Huang: With #OWS and the coming majority minority nation, we have the opportunity to rethink political power and race/class/gender.
Crazy day an it just began
that's us! Classy, classy bitches.
#kiddori finally has its own Twitter stream. :-)
Just had a dream about softball. I miss it :(
Explore Helmut Barnett Artist Page via I'm meeting him for lunch today. Lots to talk about.
There's a tranny on the green line, with enormous hands. This muthafucka bout 6'2
hows everything going with u and Lamar . hope all is well!
thanks. Most of the credit there goes to
I wish we could be like we use to be, I hate how we're becoming strangers :(
Okay, instead of me talkin 2 "recruiters" I gotta speak 2 actual people of diff races doing what I may be interested in...
All we do is fight
i love old movies with i was watching them with my grandma would have made it perfect
Oh were ready!
PlayersRep Client Signing RT : Reagan Maui'a agreed to a 2 year deal to stay with the Arizona Cardinals
Darn it! It happened again...I'm trying to write the short form of tournament but it won't let me...I guess u could also call it a journey
And I'm never slowing down, fuck. Was that a deer?
##1Girl in my life that i really. love is my kids mother
Indeed, force was with us today, somehow got by w/o having a permit and weather was terrific! Thx to all....finish line clearly in sight!
Welcome everyone to the 2012 one handed hipster Olympics!
ha! Guess that is the kind of call you welcome from IRS? Worried what happens should you decline their offer?
Good night! Tired, beat, warn out. Kisses
A lake of something...
Tell the folks in DC that! How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
NOW NUBLU ORCHESTRA CONDUCTED BY BUTCH MORRIS HAS A FB PAGE...CLICK IT !
I'm shaaawasted !
Wednesday Nights at the Place We Make It Happen come in for the C's and stay for the party!!!
Every time I think about my attempt to do the electric slide on my birthday I cringe
When an alumni or dealership owner insists u take and receive its hard to say no when u have no job, I back pryor he did nothing wrong!
"Bitch ass niggas"
Yep that was fun seeing all my industry peep's #drunk as...
Simple math would confirm RT : Deadspin commenter notes that none of the eight dead '94 Chargers lived to be 45 years old. Cripes.
my buddy sam emails me: "if football ran for president with cheeseburgers as the VP I would lobby to abolish term limits" Go #Packers!!!!
Merry Christmas!
I didn't know I was following any foodie account!! Thanks for the FYI, tho
I'm so excited about the #NBA playoffs. The #ChicagoBulls are number 1 and will remain that way. Go Bulls!!!!
#Goodmorning and God Bless
I wish I had a $1000 shopping spree to so I could buy every dress!
when it does NOT rain, I'm just going to laugh lol
Im thinking its time to go home now...movie and food sounds so good. like french fries. yum. chinese? mcdoonies? in and out? cha for tea?
RAID rebuild success! Actually it was very easy to tear down and re-create, just time-consuming to get good info on LVM2.
happy bday even though I dont know ya just saw ur name on my TL
In KC and don't have I'm at a stand still.
Guys "Voices" is SO Sexy<3
We are marching onto the Brooklyn Bridge
Happy Birthday Miranda Cosgrove :) "We love you "
Will.i.am and Carl Bernstein!
if anything, Obama should pick up more swing states because, hey, they could go either way.
I wanna marry someone with the last name Martinez.. That way I don't have to change my last name, I love my name. Lol,
On a mission!
I think we have a winner!
sweetie...I don't know who u s talking about...shoot I ain't put no one before me lool...too selfless for myself to do that
I'm thinking of Bogost "procedural rhetoric" to understand affordances beyond simple literacy, but not sure if it fits w ur ?
I constantly impress myself at how talented I am.
LMFAO ANDY REID IS HERE
what happened?
(EEOC)The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission investigates potential discriminatory job advertisements
check out our website www.interfolio.com and see how you can use our dossier service to manage your LOR's.
I wish things would just fall into place already :(
Friday Jazz at Enso: Neil Gordon Trio (2/18)
Stand up sparring tonight...all are welcome.
I wish the people in this state would read Never Cry Wolf. For the semiliterates, there's even a movie version.
Wearing my my Willis jersey all day today!! Number 52 is a good number!! Woo let's go niners!!!
There goes toe nail number 2. Now my pinkie toes are matching.
I got thrown from a horse!
Where are you? Stop by and enjoy this fine wine, tasty hors d'eouvres and a massage by April, Maku or Trina
care to elaborate before I kick your ass
stats huh!!
Drop into the Euclid Tavern tonite in Cleveland. Comedy at 830 then Karaoke at 11pm with it's always a party
If I had a book to read...I proly wouldn't have went out every day this week.
Only 3 days? Well times flies when you're having fun ! We are anticipating a terrific evening on the 14th. cc.
Coolest gun you have ever shot?
"Let roll up a jay and pretend we in love | I got a paper plane, its propelling my buzz..."
Waiting for the gym to open. Time to start the weekend off with things that are good for me!
just let me know when the housewarming is lmao
#AllIWantForChristmas is the cutest, most awesome guy I know to spend some time with me. Totally lame, yes, but very true
Why does this 13 year old girl sit in front of MY house and shove her tongue down her boyfriends throat? Ew.
one of my favorites
You cannot expect to achieve new goalsor move beyond your present circumstances unless you change
Just watched the movie "Once" ...amazing. 5/5
I haven't read the books but maybe they could have done it all in one movie. Guess I was expecting more.
What is it about you that makes me feel so good?
I'm back at Milano's in Bartlett! Day 2....I love good pizza. I miss eating solo.
wants more twitter traffic so post your thoughts about
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book ....
Lopez: "Ppl may look at her & say, 'Wow, this girl's doing great' but Ava should be doing so much more. Ava should have a normal childhood."
Oh. Bomb threat. All clear already.
Excited for #rockthevote tonight with ! Who's going?
Ready to cause some damage tonight!
lazy, vapid, meaningless analogy. Think before you tweet, Congressman.
most in high places always look low at those in low places but they fail to realise that those in low places are moving to higher places
If Newt Gingrich and Herman Cain open a cupcake shop together I promise to go there every day.
To people who say that the boys hated America, Harry is in LA right now by choice...so i guess he liked it just a little bit, didn't he!?
“ The best feeling in world is seeing someone smile and knowing that you were the reason why.”
IU with 12 FTs to UKs 6 in the first half, accounting for an 8-point advantage at the stripe. Cats getting 0 calls on the interior.
I miss talkin to my twitter friends
~ Prayers for u. I knw ur going thru a tough time. says ur a tough cat!
sup homie? you in the chat room?
he's done better. the intro is just weird
"I Felt That It Was Missing in the World" Kisses!
At campus court
Oh yes! Especially helpful for those Chicago winter mornings! RT : My coffee maker!!
oh! I thought I was late. 6 is fine. I can run a quick errand on the way.
I want to get all my media iTunes compatable so I can easily transfer stuff to my iOS devices
Damn strick schools. Burn in grneejig! RT ... ugh stupid teachers my school is WAY to strick ,. grneejig
Young the Giant is showing some QC love and wearing tshirt. :)
What the hell is a "bad gateway," Twitter?
sad but true and so prevalent.
couldn't agree more.
but speedy is rawr.
Thanks! One of those pastors is on IWJ's Board of directors!
thanks so much for the follow...if you are in the market for a new mattress or new furniture please keep us in mind!!!
following people with the same last name is fun! till they get scared and scram...
The CD is now available at #CrackerBarrel stores. RT and let us know where YOU found a copy!
27- wow you have the most prettiest smile I have ever seen on a boy :)
well we have hardly talked al day.
It bears repeating.....Karma. I love you.
Happy Birthday, Justin!(:
1 word? Really? - Authentic
Woot Woot i knew already hahj i should right.!(:<
ps welcome to twitter we're glad you're here
Hello :) Ughh I was so busy yesterday! Not cool -.-
I like that new Mary J. Blige song...one finally for the guys.
kettle chips :(
Could there ever be a triple header at the with the and ?
Banks be shady
See the barbershop conversation about the NBA playoffs and the Miami Heat.
Gettin Ian's for the first time in a while
how about any "recovery specialists"? Sanctioned or otherwise...
I wonder who will excel and who will bomb on tonights American Idol.
One on building online communities and one that covers a lot of smaller tech and library issues all in one. You coming to #cil2012?
Has anyone seen punk'd where The Biebs gets #Taylor Swift?? That was so off the chain...u gotta see it!!
on your bitch
Thank you for live tweeting our performance of for a packed house at South Shore Cultural Center!
I studied jrnl pub argmts a couple yrs ago, and most did not bar posting. Law schs prob not checking, tho.
#WhyDoHoes Always say "WHERE THE WEED AT!!" (in that irritating ass ghetto voice) lol
You dont love me anymore.
did we win? lol
#incubus great song! RT : The day you were born you were born free. That is your privilege.
I've joined the dark side
Wait what street were we supposed to turn on? Nicky's? Or is that the bar? RT “: Venice with !”
#FF Your state ALA not in the last list? These?
Dear 9-11: you still make my heart hurt. I put up a new flag for you anyway.
Loving the focus on fashion and its place in Detroit.
Lisa Brissey Ellenberg, teacher, mentor, life long friend. Thank you for being an excellent educator!
We are very excited to see all of the work our followers are creating, It's going to be a very healthy year. Every submission will assist...
And I am now incredibly curious...Haiku Laureate?? Do tell...
Best pic I've seen all day.
First grand slam by a #Brewers position play since June 14, 2010 (Braun at LAA). Marcum had only grand slam last year (July 4 vs. Dbacks)
Wonder if they changed it from the first session...I found the Zebra presentation interesting.
We both know it
Fellow SAG actors, Scott Wojcik leads a fab (free!) NYCAP Commercial seminar. Gets to it. Play hard, book harder.
I can see NoCa and MichSt making it to the four at least... but the final two... what was I thinking. (Was pretty random)
Au Revoir! We're jet-setting to Paris for the Pret a Porter trade show - Booth M235 at Portes de Versailles (Sept 3-5). Stay tuned :)
How come most elevator DOOR CLOSE buttons never seem to actually make the doors close?
Happy Friday people! Hope you stylists bring in the big $$$ this weekend! Tweet if you need a great sharpening or some of the products! Yee!
PHS cranky: people in this country will trample others for a bargain, but do little to support the arts....come on now, America, what gives?
My son will love this- Angry Birds has already encouraged his interest in real birds
cya at Disneyland!! #vidcon2012 is gonna be EPIC!! JUST LIKE LAST YEAR!!! ;)
Omg five hour energy omg omg omg half hour sleep no big deal I'm going to Vegas in a few hours omg........
In 6 days I will be free! No school till 7/6! IRELAND!!! I CAN'T WAIT!!!!
New Classical Record Label Aion Techni Releases Opere Per Orchestra Featuring Music by Composer Giacomo Cataldo Performed by the Bohusl...
That's nice though always precarious and dangerous... particularly in my case.
Uh oh are the masses ready?
I try to get to FL every other week depends on available loads coming back to WI
Hopefully it's soon!
how do you know these wonderful things??
Thanks for the #FF!
What is the blend?
Can somebody HELP ME break out of twitterjail:( I'm trying to get sum followers<U+E059>
Well thats 99% of my followers. And everyone is fighting each other. Terrible times. Make love not war!
Your right. They are similar. We have stock of the Kozois in tort/brown & blk/grey. which colour would you prefer?
the party is crazy already at citrine!
Oh, Mr. Forkner! I didn't know you also went under the alias of Riley Frost. Excuse me.
Florence Welch next friday!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Today's job: go to all the restaurants hosting Chamber Music Roundup meals and put up posters. Also, don't eat something from every place :/
thank you!(:
gocompare....thanks again for following me. -douggieb
Thanks for the
are the refs afraid to call fouls on Sullinger? This is ridiculous..he's fouled mase 2x already...
I apologize for my behavior on twitter tonight
What a great week we had at the Heartland Worship Institute. Powerful life changing stuff!
Any known or unknown cause that could be detrimental is flushed away by the pure action of God's healing power
#Teamfollowback.... Follow me and spread the word
Hoping Kirkwood gets crazy tonight! (ala 2002 IU over Duke)
Good morning peeps
Fingers crossed!
What happened to us and our friendship? It's like we're strangers now.
Sorry we haven't been on lately guys. We kinda forgot that this account existed lol! But how is everyone today?(:
Jack Bauer is ready to make the call: "We're still screwed"
Don't Barrel Through Work Zones - Drive Smart to Stay Alive!
Its not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it. ~ Hans Selye
re ' ... i used to be a maintainer of the RSS PURL...' - maintenance is spread out but it seems you are for modules
yes it is "horrible isn't it When you applaud a man who believes in killing babies"
u have khaks?
RT "The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic." Oscar Wilde
It was a great article!!
I don't know. She's probably not as weak as we are.
Twitter alive and kicking on sat at 7 am, must be campaign season!
you're giving some good advice today! Thanks! :)
you'll sleep like a baby on the flight!
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) please reply
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-ps1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Hong Kong. It's available in your customer area now.
why. did. you. loose. your. phone. and You better be at my house hard and square today.
Carla is kinda hurt, she keeps using her kids as an excuse.but part of it is because she wanted it to work
we have mutual friends;) the Carneys;) saw ya at Chris' wedding?
do you watch
seriously! There's already this one girl at my school that know about them :(
The Underdogs!
Cutting up pink construction paper to make a Welcome Home sign for the apartment door.
thank you for the support!
New to twitter and getting "twitterpated"
We'd love to get some feedback on the #SOCAPEurope mobile agenda. We hope you're liking it!
Just finished hydrating the staff at the Marina Del Rey Hotel and Ritz Carlton! Headed to hydrate the Marina Del Rey Fire Station!
Watched an amazing movie. Some classics will never go out of fashion.
Football Tryouts Tomorrow!
i got in too much trouble down there , Then Mt found out bout us , so thats why
it's awesome. useful for doing usual things ie. reading & checking email, w/out the laptop lug. & ibooks is beautiful.
Will #shazam do morse code?
Watched the husband watch football all day. He did get the lawn from hell mowed before kickoff for UofM. My hero!
so what's up?
Thanks for the advice. Can't believe you were on that flight. Scary!
haha, i'm stoked! sorry you can't be here !
How can an idea fill a space?
#SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES oh yeah, good morning!
I'd better get crackin' or will be fully empowered to crack on me.
DWade just wanted to sit next to someone else who showed up in the fourth quarter. #wheresmyskiptshirt?
The kid is cute and whoever leaving nasty comments is insane in the brain.
Come over to Loughmiller's for State Employee Specials today! Cheeseburger and fries $6.99! Taco salads and chicken sandwiches too!
How is it possible for my work AND home computer to LOSE my MS Office license info? What do I do now? Buy a new license?!?!
i have the cutest little sister in the world.. <3
im so creeped out if yellowstone blows this year i will get pissed i love new york but some gay big volcano has to be a mothertrucker aw man
Smoke what you love, go where you love, & be who you love!
Hey, fella. Can you make an intro? And share some backstory one-on-one in the meantime? Thanks in advance!
Hello, World!
performing @ Star Bar tomorrow!! come witness magic!
fingers crossed I end up at the NMAI or the Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage within the next few months!
My eyes, my eyes. Stop already. *L*
There is a on the way to/from work. I made it three whole days without stopping. Yay me! ;) #ihaveaproblem <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
Top 5 patios in Charlotte for good times
i want to add more pics to my profile but every time i try my main pic changes but the others wont stay what do i do .
Trading ideas on social media, brand building and online marketing at AHP. Happy to hear that we are ahead of the game!
Thanks for the RT!
LOL i just read this..reminds me of u "My room isn't dirty, I just have everything on display"
Super exciting on signing our new addition to our family, Maria Sweet. Stay tuned...
I'm celebrating the first day of fall by seeing at Humphrey's for the third year in a row. Oh yes...
Such a wonderful day! Enoing with my sweet puppy and reading Catching Fire! Doesn't get much better than this!
Details to come - will be hosting Fresh's next social media conference on March 3, 2012 at Century Link Field.
Yeah, I'm not a huge fan of Sci-Fi's, hence why I probably haven't seen it yet.
": My care level so low."wow why
#SchoolFood is the most disgusting shit your taste buds can have LOL :)
Free throws win ball games
why are you coming to my hometown, davie, fl, when I'm not here :/ come to Orlando!! Please!!
TBD. Your man is arranging. He will hit us up tmw with place and time.
The sun is by a wide margin my favorite giant ball of fire.
Why are Mother's Day cards so expensive? And why do I wait until last minute to get cards knowing there isn't much left? I need answers.
Fair enough. Should make for some nice mountain views, too...on clear days.
I'd get the latest, 4G! Black is the only color. ;)
“ “ Fuck all you hoes! Get a grip! -Biggie””
"lacked substance and failed to substantiate" Brilliant!
excited for a big night with
Bigoted assholes in NC passed amendment 1. Wow! Grow up people! It's part of life now so get over it!!! Live your life and we'll live ours!
Man I hate I couldn't be there lol
Sometimes reality comes crashing into us.
your excused
Welcome to the Team!!! Chris Garrett, Aaron Wolford, and Jordan Peralez!!!
Do you ever get mistaken for the lady from the first season of The Real World?
There is beauty in language. I see art whenever I write.
Happy Friday!! Talk about ArtWalk this weekend!!
I think I have zero tears left in me! I can probably watch A Dolphin Tail and not cry a drop...that's says something
God I love Olivia Colman
Our dads worked together at Progressive. my dad always speaks highly of yours, as a smart and fair boss.
The Los Angeles Lakers are hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tonight at the Staples Center. Call us now to buy your game tickets: 888-493-0004
I hate that stupid Prius, there's always one in front of me, on the freeway, in the fast lane, taking its sweet time.
RT : A2: The power of perception lies entirely in my willingness to understand others perceptions of me.
FINISHED THE LAST DAY OF HIGH SCHOOL CLASSES :O #WhereDidTheTimeGo?!
why cant the giants get someone who can catch a dam ball
Yes, I saw it happen, unfortunately “: I just ate some blueberry cereal and it was delicious.”
Still waiting. Have a sweepstakes that's supposed to end today. You're "ending" it a bit too early.
It's a great day for Schlitz Park...see you at 11!
Giving new meaning to bleeding
#FF More new discoveries:
#DearLadies: Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat.
Last nights party was excellent! Next one May 3rd! Fems were beautiful, AG's were sharp! Newark is back!
have fun Davee(:
#reneerow211 is the bomb!!!!!
what's good mane u want some
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 88 children in the U.S. #autism! Help us in the fight.
ONLY$35 PER HOUR TO RECORD AND GET THE BEST MIX ALL THE LATEST PLUG-INS BOOK NOW!! #305.627.3216 ~STARBOYSTUDIOS~
and i still meant everything i said
The hypocrisy of is astounding. What a
where would I be without my coffee?
Still up and have a meeting with the academic deen in the morning,
Retweet if you miss these guys: !
Should social media at an institution have policies controlling it or should it grow and change organically?
evaluating #accessibility of library db websites - surprise! not that accessible, but also not quite as bad as I expected
haha wow. That sucks
Missed opportunities turn into regrets.
I do too. Just easier to focus. Plus there's always work to do.
Oh ok. I was confused. Ha!
Happy Single Awareness Day! Woo haha ;p It's actually not so bad...
Don't forget that Grave Tales will be at the Dublin Branch on 10/19 at 7PM. Gather in historic Dublin Cemetery for a frightfully good time.
I'll ask them for the details
more oftentimes than not, it irritates the piss out of me.
I keep that bitch marry around especially #WhenIFeel Down & Out
Friends of wine and rural northern California: Anderson Valley overnight in near future. Favorite #wines, #wineries, #vineyards?
There is a movie being shot by my house!!!!
Mediocrity will find you again eventually. Best defense is a good offense: virtuosity.
If you once dressed as Amy Winehouse for Halloween, great news. Wear it again. Zombie Amy Winehouse is the exact same costume.
I see it as me performing a service to all humankind.
Yep Yep
Sometimes I wonder if tweets these negative conversation starters just so he can boost his score... :p
isn't it kind of funny in an ironic way that Fritchen, the fiscal conservative, is on the proverbial take?
Time to end a shitty day and start again tomorrow.
#nowplaying Chris Brown / F.A.M.E. (Deluxe Edition) - Bomb (featuring Wiz Khalifa) on with
Strive for more then just average.
Special thanks to Clayborn Benson and the Wisconsin Black Historical Society for an awesome presentation and accommodations tonight!
Too many people give passive aggressive advice in Pokemon White.
"N you're the one beneath, beneath all this.." Worked on "Beneath All This" @ the studio tonight! One of my favorite songs. Love ya! <3 <3
there you go. i guess i need to revise my original low opinion/freakout stance.
Go ahead and throw on
: Crazy bro!
Rip Zack French
man look! ... miss me with the bullshit. thanks.
With a beautiful person. He wonderful sweet loving n caring
Thinking about seeing Bully with Bob Knight. Thoughts?
oh man la posta is the bomb!
im not sure which pisses me off more - people who regularly care about sports or people who only care about sports once a year.
A person doesn't have to be perfect to be exactly what you need.
Has anyone experimented with Square or Shopkeep or any of the other tablet-based POS apps? If so, what are your thoughts on them?
Too many lost people thinking they know how to help other people find themselves.
yes it is. Now get off my lawn. ;)
Hey April lol i forgot to you lol sorry
and if ur 2 narrow minded to acknowledge that FACT, ur problemo, not ours. and as long as u mention "living in the past"..
Girls I need advice(:
And for those that want to be authentic, its tragic news that its been hijacked.
Meeting with the graphic designer. New logo coming soon!
I didn't want to get into the business, I want to talk revisions.
Still trying to figure out 2011 while staring 2012 in the face...
My mailman delivered me my #MDNA hardcopy version tonight! I'm super thrilled, but haven't gotten the time to check it out yet... tmr!! yay!
I'm going to Kohls on my lunch to buy myself gifts too!!! WE!!
don't get me started fam!!!
#jasonaldean let's get this thing started it's my kinda party <3
At DFW...pitstop on way to Austin for excited to see friends and to look for future collaborators
I love my momma happy mothers day <U+E056>
So my bus just drove backward down a street, into a busy intersection, bc of street rally. C'mon Dallas, it's EBSCO lunch time!
the lan at this mcdonalds loading my facebook pics really slow.
have you visited Hoboken before? Any fav spots?
Also, no sprouts and basil on the side. They added it in so you don't get that crunchy texture from the fresh sprouts
Its Good Brah ,, U Still Fam!!
Check out our Fall '11 Performing Arts edition for ideas on young talent to showcase @ your Passport to the Arts event! #FUN!
that was good!
And life goes on....
Let's go! #Brewers #BrewDat beat those
Visit booth at #eloquaexperience! They know how to get more out of marketing automation
Everyone here,knows everyone here is thinkin of somebody else...
Also, world-wide trending...#WBDF (Wanna-Be Diabolical Fucker) Apparently I'm too hood for this honor...
National research program that I've worked under for the past several years is now officially on Twitter. Welcome aboard !
Great interview. More along those lines!
Josh Hurst is the raddest intern ever. He should call his sister once he gets out of his meeting. k bye!
I always feel slightly cooler when I'm wearing my aviators and listening to some sweet gee tar riffs.
I'd watch it. RT I want to make a movie called 'Charming Guys' where Paul Rudd and Jason Bateman sit around & be charming.
Your welcome! Looking forward to reading your tweets. Have a great week!
R u keeping up with your workouts this month? Need some accountability? I'd love to be your partner bc we all could use a little help.
U need a Meagan night! V will be fine with her nanna <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
it's the Sinclair Woods site in Bothell... Beautiful homes, poorest service EVER. Feel bad for my clients.
o dnt have no kids.lmao
#raw10 i was @ a party n saw a Man bite his own finger while eatin Lays. i was like, Well thats 1 way 2 stop!
Guy w/ son at Kroger buys a ton of groceries & says to son: 'Now, let's go to BW3s & have chicken wings for dinner.' Dad of the Year
let's get these parties started...where you at?
Today I will help before questioning and hope others do the same.
Response team forms for abuse - Wahpeton Daily News
Just had some mcdee
Hope you have a very mindless birthday
Every American hamster comes from a single litter imported from Syria in 1930. That will save them money on ancestry websites!
"Bacon wrapped tests." - Failed attempt to make tests more, ahem, palatable.
Were sorry tohear that.Adam's R.I.P
GreenDrinks Greensboro will be re-launching! Follow us or join our email list for updates:
Yes! I can't wait to see you again!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Ah i loved it, we gotta go out soon RT“: If driving to Romeo means I get to randomly run into , I'm okay with it.”
The faith we are to imitate is faith in future grace, not just past grace. -John Piper
It's time again for #Yankees opening day, the first and last reg. season game most Yankees fans will actually watch.
I try to teach my young daughter about giving back ... we go through the coffee drive through & pay for the person behind us!
Click here to view more photos from the HubSpot Harvest party
Indy antes up for Luck, but will wins follow? - Pocono Record
watching once upon a time :) sunday night fairytale fix!
I think when he called KG dirty, he meant the slang term of dirty. Ex: KG's game tonight? Dirty.
When someone asks if you want to walk the red carpet, the only acceptable answer is YES!
If God wanted me to touch my toes he would have put them on my knees.
“: Gmail is down. Yeah, I know it's not just me. But I'm still taking it personally.” Damn you, GOOGLE!!!!!!!
mine sucked
How was your break!
Don’t make friends who are comfortable to be with. Make friends who will force you to lever yourself up. – Thomas J. Watson
My kids are always walking around singing reggae songs... especially and
follow back! =]
Rodin said, "All the best works of any artist must be bathed in mystery." Any truth to that? #artists #fine art
do it cause you guys will always owe me forever!
...I don't know whether to be flattered or creeped out that I was in your fantasy haha
I be thinking about you.
Spring break is coming up for the ALC. What a great chance to read a new book!
Need to go out and have a drink... seriously!
Shakedown Street sample on the new album! I want royalties and executive producer credit though
I'm working late AGAIN and I'm actually sipping coffee. It's going to be a long night.
#69thingsaboutme 69. I've been to hell and back.
can u talk to me or follow my birthday?
you guys mean more to us than you will ever know. -zach.
thanks for the mention!
we'll have to make a plan ahead of time!!
WOW thanks so much and for the USB ;) This the most recent release?
Happy Birthday!
Asking a question is a great way to engage with others. What was the coolest thing you learned at the #acpbom?
Rarely does real social change come from those who wait for permission #fpn2012 Why can't we do more impact philanthropy?
MT Catherine Booth b. 1829, co-founder of Salvation Army; believed strongly in a woman's right to preach.
oh silence always worries me too!
Are you modeling?
love cuddle time, but you need at least a 8 out of ten to cuddle. Lmao
Thks! We're excited to have you aboard! RT killed it at tonight! So, so excited to be a part of this team!!
Nashville fans toss catfish onto the ice during the playoffs? Okay. But tossing a hillbilly over the glass would be more impressive.
Hey, thanks!
baby you light up my world<3
How nice to find you here. My workshops at #Muse2012 are full and I'm a 'table captain' at lunch. Can't wait to see everyone.
I think so. What's your name?
every day i tweet a few times"I love you<U+2665>" and i always hope he will reply to me with "love you too"..this will never happen.
If you're going to text me, atleast be interesting!
universal studios tomorrow? we'll pay for your ticket (:
just curious; i have a gf already
Watching on Everybody Hates Chris!! He is so cute! ^.^
when u comin back to ohio ?
you'll be all right, big man. In a few short days you'll be playing basketball with Our Hero.
Soon as in like Monday?!?
If you love coffee try our MochaTonix! This wonderfully tasting drink will give you energy and help you loose weight!! Try a sample when...
Good Morning Gorgeous!!
"Goodbye for now until we meet again."
The gyps mobile got some new shoes
About to go to sleep in a beautiful hotel in nyc
Switched from shorts, flip flop, 85f sunny weather to suit & tie, and rain. Rude awakening!
Congrats to our own Elizabeth Colon for making the Enterprising Women of the Year list again this year!
- great show from all of you - thanx for Rockin' us
THE NEXT 8 PPL THAT FOLLOW ME GET THEIR NAME SENT TO EVERY CELEB FOLLOWING ME!(:
Would love that! RT Let's do a FREE session! So you can experience a session with SD Master Trainer!
or actually officiate a wedding
WHO?! WHO'S PARENTS!?
no, the dead white one. Papillon.
Kiss someone because you want to, not because you have to. <3
Designers, what is something you wish non-designers that you work with knew?
I will lift a glass and miss my '65 Mustang. RT : RIP Carroll Shelby, one of the true gods of hot rodding.
My show for the Olde Towne Tavern in Buckhead has moved to Friday this week!! Better night for more fun!!
- Welcome Liz! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
That looks and sounds delicious!
Wow - couple hundred tweets complaining about service this am & you're going "check on that" now? How about honest answer??
Shocking how many ppl are defending Lawrie. Horrible calls are one thing, throwing helmet at an ump is just stupid, asking for suspension.
That hit seemed oughly Duncan Keith-ish. Giroux was mad the refs missed a penalty, and therefore, took a run at Zubrus.
I'm on a steady pace to eat boneless buffalo wings every day this week. This will definitely go in my "2012 Year in Review" blog
LUVIN MY UNBORN!!!!!!
The place u can see anything
I miss your face. Just sayin'.
google+ hangouts for museum visitors: yes or no?
who's out with Shaw back? Stalberg or Morrison?
Lol. I admit. That was funny
How hot is it in Phoenix now, Valerie? BTW, listening to "Another Star" ~ Stevie. Lol!
RT Todd Park:Let's crowd source awesomeness by marketing the bejesus out of our data to let the innovators work on it
MCON is coming together. Can't wait to start debuting speakers on Thursday
OMG.Confession of a Shopaholic is so hilarious! I can't get tired of this movie! Love it.
We hope you had fun at sundance =)
It could probably be argued that "proximate cause" (a legal) term of injury was Zman, if he never contacted Martin, never could been killed
good morning!
the blue dot means that the set was updated in the last sync with Quizlet.
Reading chromatic's "Modern #Perl". Quite informative, possibly better than "Learning Perl"
Time Management + #ADD = No Time Managed.
I just entered 's #20DaysAGifting holiday giveaway.
Pumped! ": The party is tonight! I'll be DJing the 2nd floor with from 10p - 2a. See ya there!!!"
Let the Google enlightenment begin!
#Rude Ha. Wait, What Are You Anyways.
What a beautiful day
Your voice is my favorite sound and your name is my favorite noun.... Haha
and the shirts look weird with uniform pants... Jeans look nice. I promise!
The only way to prevent self inflicted football related brain injuries is to re-educate the coaches and properly train ALL players.
So true!!!
I want to be the girl your ex will hate, your mom will love, and the one you’re never going to forget
indeed i have , indeed i have . ;D
"Still I rise, still I fight, still I might crack a smile. Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters, tell them hi." - Nicki Minaj <3
#HonestyNight i honestly wanna know where the hell these Twitter game come from
I would to see Kodak tower, I'm sure it's awesome #Kodak i hope Kodak rises again !
I love when I can make my friends feel better bcuz I b needing them to return the favor alot.
Talking. Dating. Sleeping. But missing... you.
“: Played golf at North Hills CC yest. hit every tree" - youd think the sap on my ball would mean I could hold a green
I love her.
i think he's trying to make a poor joke "won't you think of the poor catalogers when you get married ladies?"
had the chicken pot pie pasty tonight. Great food. Great concept.
Those who were effected! I am truly sorry and we as American are still here for you 10 years later! #9/11
This is insane, 9 games all right now. Survival sunday. Come on UNITED!!!!!!
Ask if she's Siri-us
So sorry, just saw this message! The tour began at the Central Library and then moved over to the Lafayette.
Ho! Ho! Ho! Today, 10 am, detouring off Vegas Strip with 10,000+ Santas on the Great Santa Run ~ Great cause & lots of fun!
You tryin change me
Some people....
The thermometer and the thermostat.. Godin states that a thermostat is more valuable than a thermometer...
What I love about baseball is that you can watch 3 games at once if you need to. Tonight you need to.
it was GOOD! You gotta watch, ps I cannot stand Serena omg haha
Make sure you check out our organizers, Mind Cure Records & I DIG PGH. Feel confident that record culture is being preserved in Pittsburgh!!
Have I mentioned is flawless? Totally classy that he's happy for his former teammates.
Spaghetti squash!
gb lost 2 linebacker and o line today too. Get a clue skip!
A lot more is coming this year. : It is just so awesome that has so much code on github these days.
I am terribly uncomfortable with the implications of that.
listening to Michael Jackson's "Man in the Mirror"
Hayward is my sleeper. The guy is a ball hawk
I remember making my own Sittin' up in My Room video about my crush. Also used 2 sing Have You Ever & Brokenhearted to get thru those times
Follow to get the latest news about the EVSC eRevolution conference on July 11 and 12.
- a company credit card will suffice i'm sure
hey it stinks my laptop is not working at all
Trying to channel my inner as I pick paint colors for the new condo.
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! A big thank you to all of our support staff at Locksmith Ledger.
awww I'm sorry! I hope I don't give you nightmares =o( I'll feel terribly guilty
Did you #Salmon is one of the top #10 #Super #Foods for great #Hair? Full of #protein and #omega-3 fatty acids,it's a must for great hair!
- All Katie, All the Time!!! Way to double up today! :-)
Oh right. Now I'm determined to beat 74.
What toys/gadgets are you after this #BlackFriday ??
i can care less about them boys in lexington. I asked someone outside school 2 come, but last minute he told me he cant come
that guy is awesome.
Why you so damn Angry?
1Hr of sleep n im still ready to go El Machine I think is slowly coming back
#FF #OwnIt. Yes, love the title, and formerly the WNY triumvirate of extremely accurate record picking
Haven't gotten a decent night's sleep in two weeks. Great night to veg-out.
At least she HAS a gimmick. She didnt before she was heel....And she's not a hoe, so...
Thanks for the #followfriday! Always great to hear that people like what we're doing. Please let us know if we can do anything!
I hate that when that happens.
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Might buy some lebrons today just cuz.
Right ! (: Lmfaooooo But i just wanna See What it feels like to be on some dam twitter jail ! Lmfaooo (:
It's tough to teach adults how to use social media but harder to help a younger generation grow up with it!
letter from client to Nhoj Revird Esq. Never been an Esq. before. This makes me happy and proves I am friendly!.
Never frown even when you are sad because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
Who wants to go see a movie this weekend??? my treat :)
It was a long day, but two new clients and many client problems solved. I love my work!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs congratulations new York you've made it to the big dance
WAXWORK is such an underrated #horror gem...
& and I may be going to the bar on Friday night. You should come.
Spending time with family are the best nights! Now time to watch Tebow on nightline! Woo
I love my best friend. She means the world to me :) xo
Thanks for the recommendation.
if i aint bored
truly...let me know if I can help in anyway
Shout out to the security guard who didn't let a 5'7 dude stand in front of 5'1 me
Can't deal with 's non-stop dance party.
what is your position on #Acupuncture & #OrientalMedicine and it's inclusion in #Healthcare reform and #medicare reform?
I was very confused on why would u do that to your child lmao
Also a great new selection of jewelry!! :) Check it out! 219 Broadway ave. E.
Ive kind of been slacking in school this week... Woops what ever. :P hahaha
let me check on that.
Would be nine months today..
Unfriend all of those people immediately.
#AskBieber what's your favorite restaurant to eat at with your family ?
Can't wait to see what sings r on #BELIEVE I'm excited!!!!
heel yea boy
Correction - YOU can't be the only one! I don't even like that steamer! Hah!
Great idea!
Um why were you standing out on the corner of Vermont and 29th today?
So much hw...thank god tomorrow is friday.
He does make it look too easy. He has my vote for POY.
LOL, newest example in a season of ridiculous polls MT: poll includes 'undecided' as option for 'already voted' voters.
kay i'm fucking pissed with all this austin mahone is a wannabe justin. going on a rant.
Bestbuy has it on sale. Full kit with the 28-135 is $1500. With filters, xtra bat, mem card etc comes to $1900..must resist urge
Have you considered video-taping yourself playing along with Jammit? I will post it here for you!
TY! Colorful & fun too! Kid's bedding & Family Room pillows! What other rooms do u recommend to use it?
Storage whores
Sleeping Giant @ Tricky Falls tomorrow has been canceled. Refunds available at point of purchase. Thank you -Pony Productions-
Someone is being very fussy today...and he's not even wearing pants!
Good for you then! :-)
thanks for the kind words on !
#AngelsAndGentlemen Can I Have All #Simpsonizers To Follow Me!!!:))
Happy birthday to Waukesha Tattoo's very own Jason Vogt, he is 27 today! I know, the teen sensation is getting old...
Who would have known ... baseball can be exciting.
Thank you so much!! We'll be in touch soon!!
Happy birthday to my nigga Shawnte. Get drunk for us both homie. But be safe.
Call if you need bail, Doug.
I need #sex too. Hadn't had #sex for 13 months.
World Cup fact of day: More children in USA play soccer(football) than any other sport - my bet US will win 1 of next 4 WldCups looks good!
RT : Nail polish chips on one finger, then I have to take them all off. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
that's what one would think. But stranger things have happened,
Last full day of #aam2012, I'm set to make the most of it. Excited for today's sessions: technology, social media, and audience engagement
New supplement on board for my workout, Muscle Fuel from #AdvoCare. Took me too long to leave the house today due to my H20 intake= floating
“: Deleting your status on Facebook because after 5 minutes, and no body liked it.”
Should I be worried that the sky is completely yellow?
Absolutely! Loud neighborhood noises shouldn't be allowed until after 10:00 AM.
Thx 4 the feedback. I am trying to find gr8 miz that is royalty free..this is the best in the short time. I'll keep trying.
I feel like I wrote all these posts. So everything I think and say.
EVERYONE FOLLOW-
What the Chicago Bears value most in the NFL Draft
We Want You! A FREE catalogue or CUT goes to volunteers for our upcoming NYC Exhibition Jan. 13 - DM us to volunteer
Already did ;-)
"A Streetcar Named Desire" is awesome. Nicole Ari Parker is excellent in her role as Blanche.
E4 Forget about #MadeInChelsea when are they going to make a proper funny show #MadeinSheffield come on, #EbyGum4 proper yorkshire like!
I do believe I saw Gov. Christy shaking is head in 'disbelief' during Pres. Obama's lecture to the governors.
I think you are awesome
HH tonight at Gold Dust Meridian, then my gluten-free store tour on Hawthorne. Fun night!
#Boss is such a great show, basically a gritty Chicago style West Wing on amphetamines
being successful won't save yo soul
tweet me sumtymzz :)
seriously, why have I had to ask to follow you twice now?
Haven't registered, Won't be able to attend. Have fun.
Super happy #FF to you!
The name says it all. MindFirstFitness.
Daniel Craig is so cute!
I can't be friends with anyone who can't take my constructive criticism and I cant have folks around me who does not give it back to me.
wow. Green saranwrap? Need pictures.
Jimmy Howard is ridiculous
Sick boy forever, that suburban illuminati
Royce is hideous when she crys
French Toast ...Its what's for dinner
serious question: could bruce lee win in a fight against a gorilla?
Wow lots of new followers! Thanks u guys rock!! pool is officially open and it's a gorgeous sunny and 80 degree day..u know where I'll b!!
i'm gonna stay down and ride for you baby ~
thanks for the follow :)
<U+FFFD>Before healing others, heal yourself<U+FFFD> Unknown writer
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 58
Greater than the sum of his man parts.
Stuck trying to eat behind literally every North person...
Dan Boyle baby go
Good. How are things in the Illadelph?
black fraternity scholarship
Glad we got past the 1st and everything on the internet can go back to being real
even if i'm not a kid, I'm compelled to buy the book!
Why did my twitter change if I didn't update it?
"It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know." Unk
Whatever moves on....
It's been a minute since #GLEE made me cry. Last nights episode made me cry like three times! Whoa...hormones
Hey Steve. How have you been lately?
After SEO success we better start doing what we are helping companies do... SMO!!!!
Did you know that over half of the United States' entire fish supply - half of 10 BILLION pounds every year - comes through #Seattle?
yo come over
how about the TV ratings. MLS issues in recent years has not been game attendance
Wisdom from a mom of a special needs child: “Sometimes we just have to know we’ve done our best and hope his Angel is watching the rest”
Let everyone know. Register asap
Tonight is Wig Out at the Bordello in L.A. with a dress to impress Ragtime theme!
Christians have as much right as anyone else to share an opinion. With everything that happens God has a reason for it.
#Avengers! So excited!
Nothing like good 'ol Hot Rod.
Joshua "if you can't feed one hundred feed one"
i'm sorry, there must be somethign wrong with your phone. It meant to type "Greatest Man Alive" but said punk instead. Go to Verizon
If you're up and at 'em this early, you probably have an 8am class...perk up your morning by voting on WIN for HCwfu's #homecoming nominees!
Going to a nickelback concert in 5days....I still wish it was an Austin Mahone concert <3
One hour until the next movie >
On break at work, just like 5ish more hours to go, yaaay :D
Sleeping in storms>>>
I am officially done with biology and I could not be happierr!!!! :)
65% of #Apple's revenue comes from products that didn't exist 4 years ago Carroll
Thanks! I'm non-denominational. :)
feels as though he should tweet more, feels as though he should do more than grade first
Craig Kimbrel will mow the shit outta the #Brewers in the 9th.
Will do! Thank you.
hopefully your BEST move.
Welcome to the mind of a maniac
Hey from Kentucky . Hope you get to feeling better<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
did #occupy mn get the best of you? haha...
it's the truth in writing. I didn't say it, it's on the NCAA website
#NYC was fun, headed back to #Bmore via
oh true! xD
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you: Matthew 7:7
"E.T. The Extra Terrestrial" was written during breaks between shooting for "Raiders of the Lost Ark."
why your i'n a funny mood
I don't know... a few hundred million bucks would buy a lot of blood doping equipment.
Weekend audio comedy - www.freekshowradio.com
Good morning grads! It's a beautiful day for commencement.
If the world is my playground, I'm running up the swirly slide first.
awe thanx doll! lets never loss it! we'll be in our 60's still partyin it up! LOL
“: ID HAS BEEN FOUND AT BENCHMARK!! ” THANK GAWDDDDDDD!!!!!
I will tell you in the morningg
Restless whatever!
is the man. . . for his time and place.
24 day 2 enjoy my beautiful town, thank you Milwaukee for everything you did for me! By the end, I was made to perform in bigger scenarios!
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -G.S. Patton
#KingDomoWould brag about getting a class ring .
I'm ugly bc my face isn't perfect,I'm a push over bc I like making people happy..
: I saw this posted tonight on Newsweek. Florida has the most electoral votes.. & read Ron stepped down, endorses Mitt now...
I guess it doesn't matter what time it is since it's always dark out anyway, j/k, hahah! What's first on your agenda?
I still have yet to spend time with I don't like this :((
yes very hott! New luxury magazine for Detroit DM me your email for.an invite to the launch party at Aston Martin
wow, retention is not answer as a former hs principal, leads only one direction. Efforts should focus on the Whatever takes approach
RT Julian Van Winkle in the house. People are ready for that bourbon!
before you comment on the big bang, have you tried studying physics and cosmology?
Richard put clean sheets on the bed and I checked the beer supply. Prep work complete! :-)
how about you come help me clean up dickface
I wonder of checked his email yet..!!
Time for the gym with
Pink and green is a winning combination
Happy Mothers Day to all the real Mothers that hold IT down!!!!
has the best party rules.
Wanna drive someone in your life crazy? Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
Romney was a bully in high school: forcibly cut gay student's hair. Maybe he found it too attractive. . .
you couldn't make me one?
walk,talk, the whole 9 im blairing this out cuz its time to feel the real of las vegas stand up dont follow me stand on be side me
something tells me the next two weeks are gonna fucking rock.
that should be more directed at that's a crazy bitch driving :D
why are you a spoiler MrsBrady?
The videos I make when I'm drunk
Thank you for my very first introduction to the (apparently quite infamous) Clothespin. I will use the informations wisely.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting on the way to baseball practice. what's this about buying a park?
In London :) #harrypotterwalkingtour here I come! oh yeah :)
I'll be broadcasting from lunch 2day. Lots of Blazers staff (basketball & business) scheduled 2 join me on 12-3PT
"i'd cross the world for someone like you"
thank you so much<3
I'll take them calling the game because of rain & put the #redsoxs into the playoffs. If that is done, a difficult PR situation for MLB
Ted Baker swag
Love those tiles. Peeked at your website & bookmarked to return to when I have time to peruse. Looked cool!
At the Reginald Lewis Museum yesterday, over 800 people attended the Black Male Identity project closing event--broke a record at the museum
Shout-out to ! MT : . . . tomorrow's #ffmuse spotlights museums in Birmingham, AL. What's your favorite?
Agree he wasn't at 100 percent, but felt he was trying to do something which was more than others at that point
If you thought that, you'd be showing more grace than the good rev seems to be doing.
Halftime 4A sectionals FRanklin Central 25, New Pal 21
"The moose says your closed, I say you're open." ~Clark W. Griswold.
Classic jinx tweet. 1 run game.
Can't wait til I get put on!
Show tomorrow with at the walk for hunger in downtown Boston sponsered by ! Hope to see u there! (:
To my #lovelyfriends: I miss the touch that comforts me in times of despair. I miss every part of a second I spent with you.
RT : lol @ forever the sickest kids ripping off the fastest kids alive
Sleeping with sirens<3
Highlight appears to be the best and newest app coming out of SXSW...I'm going to try it now...
I don't like Diaz, but he's one hell of a fighter. His cardio and BJJ are outstanding, and he's got some mean boxing. Well rounded fighter
I'm starting to like the color pink lol. (surprising)
but who'd ST go for in the Dem primary?
I miss you sister, so much. we really need to tlk and catch up!!
"The more love, The more love" remember to breathe, Give, forgive, recieve, rejoice, smile and truely live!!!!
#top10Lies I didn't see your chat message on Facebook...
So Erin and I got our first hate massage on our 1D blog. Turns out or hater is an AC fan. Clearly I'm going to have fun with this
Thorstein Veblen~ No one travelling on a business trip would be missed if he failed to arrive.
Unexpected sex is the BEST!!
Friday flashback jam: The High - "Box Set Go"
hey roc I'm amy but you can call me emeila for long
Hope feels better soon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Great job Lester and great job by the pen. Go Sox...How ya liking Bobby V when the Sox pitch the way they should
Happy birthday !
woops. But hey, I saw past it all, remember? and I mean, I clearly still thought you were cool enough to date.
I'm sure you can sneak out for a quick second!!! If you bring him a cup I'm sure he'll be fine with it :-D
Many thanks & for your sweet re-tweets.
Happy New Year, tweeps!
Boy, I sure am glad that's not me. he thought, reading his Twitter feed
thank you!!!!! Have a beautiful morning!!!
Gahhh I love him. Especially this song!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I am still not watching.... GO BUCKY!
aw, thx! i can email my talk to you if want...
i <3 your new music video for u Smile but i think that girl should be me ;) it was still cute though!
oh please. If Soler & Backe don't lift hardware this season, they're out. There was pressure before... It hasn't changed.
They're right. I'm not one of their viewers now.
Can someone go get falafels for me real quick
This guy just poked me... The fuck?
I love folks who insist on opening tabs even though I tell them the show is ending in 15 minutes. Really? You're trying to forget your card?
thank a ton brother!! I really appreciate the love man!
Bigger issue was LA blew a 7pt lead w/ 2 min left. OKC played like SHIT in the 2nd half an still won. Not a good sign for Kobe nem..
Did your argument w/ result in a correct answer on the midterm? Or is Bryan dumber for having read your answer too?
“: If two people are happy together, then leave them to it. It's THEIR lives.”
2 things I need to discuss with all you twatters out there about my drive to STL:
Cheating a bit to put PL-era Barnes on the left flank—but then again, he'd do more just standing there than the others would moving.
s/o to my new follower.. (dont know who he is, but seems kinda awesome) lol
My baby didn't come c me :( there's always 2moro mornin
But I miss my friends):
Oh, how I wish was laying beside me right now. I want her to scratch my back so I can sleep.. <U+2764>
A1 (doubt) pt 2...and ask me @ this tomorrow: my 2nd novel ms is being read for 1st time at a workshop - eek
sweet! My new series! I was afraid cuz atlantis sucked. lol. anything else I might have missed out on that you are digging?
#3WordsForYou You are amazing.
that book...ah...I need to get it! I have not forgotten my beautiful friend.
RT : The term "genius" gets tossed around loosely. Not in this case, he was truly a genius. RIP JD Salinger
there are various calculators that can tell you how many calories you burn, but the question is how many calories should you burn
Only if it were to become reality. I guess its a sign. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
We look forward to her joining our learning community at St. John's. Professor Charles Wankel
not at this point? Just looking for candidates and referrals. Want me to toss your name in?
rose water? - Andrea is making baklava. /// zester, get one of the microplanes. best to be had. - Will keep that in mind. Thanks
That awkward moment when you think you're a funny twitter account
my tweets are delayed on this phone. I thought u left already so i biked down here
the site looks GREAT!
Right now Andrew is about to make me hurl! I think hubby turns that show on just to get to me...he is evil!
Sitting here writing my sociology term paper, eating peanut butter, and listening to music. Yep, I'm cool. Haha. :-)
#UScaredMeWhen When every time you look at me everyday's a Holloween for you
'The Most Volatile Republican Race in Decades' Is Actually Well Settled
sorry sent to Norway same day, they got theirs but one to Germany is also still in transit.
haha love u too! And yes!!! You would LOVE and
Samsung&#39;s new smartphone debuts in London
if you find out could you please tell me? i'll do the same x
I love leaving the window open at night. Goodnight froggies.
Green means Go!
Diablo 3 is sweet, and I do not mind waiting for the patches! Great game! Awesome work, you guys are doing a great job!
A lot of girls wanna be with the cutest boys but can't take the all the female attention that comes with em ..
Still decided to run it and had a blast. The Green Bay marathon is very good ! Posted a PR at 3:21. Finishing in Lambeau Field is awesome.
Insane lines at concessions at amc southlands too. I guess the didn't realize they needed to staff this weekend. Super lame.
If we have to TEACH someone how to be human, he is the WRONG PERSON to be President.
you'll be okay:)
Someone should let SPIN know. He's also a greater guitarist than Clapton, Hendrix, Page, Slash... SPIN is now 4Chan.
but it's my go-to problem with serious games, and I probably got it from Frank?
A virus sweeping through daughter's school. Not pretty. Blech.
Waiting to see Alvin Ailey. So excited!!!!!!
Taking shots of Regret and Throwing up Morals!
i will bike on the side walk if i want to! i will ONLY bike on the sidewalks if i wanted to! get ur dogs out of my way or i will run em over
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful moms out there :)
all I did was Photoshop a cupcake on some pinup photo
You can also watch the debate on.......N B C!
and it only understands english, so it thought I said do some asian suppose lucky
I can read the future ;)
There's a furries convention downtown... saw a fox and then a wolf.
Your retarded lol
can't wait for AEPi's Couture for the Cure philanthropy and Tacos and Torah at 5pm tonight!
*Crying* *thinking of something sad* *starts crying more*
Thanks for making Jamaicans home and abroad so very proud..we love you..God bless
A lot of dudes be goin nowhere fast
A fake #Tebow twitter account is fooling a lot of media tweeters. The only real account is the verified account!
Goodnight all! (: Remember, always be thankful for life. "Stay Gold" <3
and failure was something that was invented just to keep us going.
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
It's been almost a year since I broke my foot. I can still feel the pain. Especially this week. I hate you rain!
"Schemin just like the preacher in church he sellin hope" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Meek is nasty
Use critical social theory to inform how we think abt teaching IL— ask how & why we teach what we teach, contextualism
First day on the new job!
"with security comes... pain." -- Sam
Appraise war in terms of the fundamental factors. The first of these factors is moral influence.
That homeless person that asks for something to drink, yup, that's
A half-bottle of expensive scotch later, we've got raw footage for 2 new thank you videos
Enroute to Vegas!!!
Working on a new Geek of the Week post!
I wanna get on Ustream again. But last time our viewers were scaring us :x. But I really wanna sing for y'all so might try again #Zaona :)
"No! Just do it like I did!" ~me teaching my dog how to poop on my neighbors front porch.
Collaboration is important in building a dream. Don't think you can do it alone. The pie is big enough for all of us, or we'll make more pie
If you'd like to talk about it sometime, let me know. When my book comes out, I think it'll help you a lot!
Thank you for the
Everybody do the Drogba. Chelsea are FA Cup Champions.
Nothing quite like a productive Saturday evening at home.
Yea, old school sykora in the HOUSE! Right through the legs!!! #thatshowwedoit #NHLPlayoffs cc:
Good morning everyone c:
haha! It was watery and salty, but pretty good actually. I'd definitely have more
S3 If your target-customer is not being redefined and you aren't firing customers as you grow, i believe biz is failing
Damn, a car done flipped over over on university an merril rd.Shit crazy
great! One of our clients will be having a product launch at the show. Will email you. cc/
Tension remains high in the primary mortgage market as mortgage rates have extended their losing streak.
I don't eat beans, and i don't like green. I don't eat lean, and i don't sound mean. I don't show seams, and i don't cook or clean. I am....
thanks :) luckily, so does the client :) gotta give it some weight tho.. feels a little too wispy..
Ours meows back at us when we tell him no.
You're welcome! Glad to do it.
Lot of empty seats for a playoff game in Atlanta. Then again this game has been fucking awful so far.
The dreams I've had last night <<<<<<
Omg this game... I might actually be enjoying basketball except if the bulls lose, then I'll go back to my ambivalence.
Ok, trying to breath. Need to recharge iPad and maybe some calming hot tea...
Happy Birthday Lady gaga, who gives a flying fuck... there r more important things then some singers bday.
i'm taking a greyhound bus there 1D 5 hr trip its worth it though.
No one in my class does lol. I at least do something productive (flvs) while everyone plays games and watches shows.
Let's do this
Camera Fun Time: Shoot the approach. Be it a friend, family member, or pet, take some shots or vid starting 100 ft away til closeup. Voila!
what a game! Who's your EPL team? Also I got the Anders tix
Back in the heart of it all. Never thought I'd be so thrilled to see the Cleveland skyline or my good ol' LeBaron.
They're being given several times today. Typically we offer longer group tours once a month. Send us your e-mail if interested!
School improvements noted as a reason for why families are staying in Baltimore //t.co/yfjEzGEg
: yikes! Worried my battery is getting low too. #livechats are rough
Twitter won't let me follow anymore people until more people follow me. What kind of twit is that?
You obviously don't want me in your life anymore.
5:55am flight to the Carolinas for meetings & I haven't packed my suitcase...that's rock n roll, right? #NEWMUSICCOMINGSOON!
I guess I am pretty lucky meeting aren't I! Let's go #Packers!!
RT : For the next hour, I do believe #MediaChat with , will be the center of the Universe.
Free fruit salad, piece by piece, from sushi place, free shots of tequila at mexican bar,
Cuddle time with my love bugs! Outtie tweeties, Xo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT : RT : Yes, yes, but what if gay chickenhawks want to use contraception? #nhdebate (don't send this to George)
Happy New Year everybody!!... 2012 will be bringing A LOT of new changes so stay tuned and thank you for the continued support! ;)
420 followers.. a milestone! =)) we love you Real people out there. Honesty is a virtue.
": Hola Mike how are u ?
Continue fighting the good fight
remember me? Haha :) your biggest fan. Ever. :D
Great run tonight guys. RT : Heading to for geeks who drink trivia! Got to keep up the momentum.
“: #Aquarians have very strong opinions, although they are very willing to hear what the other side has to say."
I so hope Rockin' Roots happens. If not there's always Warped Tour. BUT I WANNA MEET MY BBY
Seriously. come to dallas.
at kaiser for some routine tests, nurse to me: "you look like you won't take no bull. You look tough". Rawr!
I'm glad that you ran, next year will be great!
Alright, I'm out.
"According to the public records website, there's a female sexual offender within 5 miles of my house....Time to get laid!"
what's the address bro?
Thanks for RTing my post. :)
I received a lottery ticket from as a gift and the next few hours of fantasizing were truly worth more than $1.
Equally excited about snazzy new touch-screen digital signage in lobby AND addition of cheese sticks to cafeteria menu (!!)
I see. He's calling for tougher lobbying laws. That's rich. Not as rich as he got breaking the law, but still rich.
Happy Thanksgiving UC Peeps!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 84
Workshops have a role in concert w/team collaboration, coaching&ind learning
You likey that blog?! It's not ours by the way.
While I'm in the mood for shoutouts...I love all my Emerge family! From the 407 to the 813. hands down the best people in the world.
:-) at least someone thought it was funny
Reading the China Study by T. Colin Campbell. Mindblowing.
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm scared of midgets
Maria and Skyler from are revealing the gelato flavor and contest winners!
this noise is driving me insane. i might commit halloween
I SAW IT ON ITUNES AND IT WAS FREE SO I GOT IT AND I LOVE IT.
Thanks for the follow, , #ifollowedback!
Walked aroung the outside of the new museum in Warsaw yesterday. The exhibition is going to be outstanding!
orpiks knee on knee wasnt intentional. Play game sometime and ud see it. Penalty yes, he got it. Suspension, not a chance.
I know! I'm not taking my nerve drugs for exactly that fear. Gross.
Primehouse's hold music is Massive Attack Protection. This I can get down with.
I feel you. I haven't wanted to spend the money so I kept avoiding it. Had to go this year & was totally killed by the bill
No school on Thursday or Friday & Wednesday is a half day!!!! #Yess Friday is also Kennywood Day!!!
the Scream It Like You Mean It tour would have a catch. Too good to be true (-_- ')
2012 Work Plan, which involves increasing number of parking spots is being discussed
No doubt there. Stubbs barely moved.
RT Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action. - Jim Rohn
Paul Clutch Pierce!
why thank you! I love it!
Earth Science = Useless. When am I ever going to use the knowledge of "Igneous rocks" in my life? Answer: Never/
Jwr_06 most politicians are. Tell you what you wann hear but they don't care about the people
awesome! How's the view?
that's cold RB
when I quickly glanced at this I cracked up! I thought it was going to be a crushing hit on mark giordano of the
The Seed Mix tape is Coming Soon from Kenny Kapone from BMB Records
#HOLLA : Birthday dinner with friends and family. Thanks for organizing! (@ Hose 22 Firehouse Grill)
yall niggas is cutting up.... im just tryin eat
Welcome to Emma and My Road to Health! Thanks for your support.
Those who love their job would do it for free when possible. Those who say it won't
We now have more than 1,000 followers on Twitter! Thank you for supporting the American Botanical Council!
Thank you !! I love the pic on your site's homepage... beautiful! RT . thank you for following me. Love your logo!
maybe it's a hot dog grabber lol
“: There's three levels of smooth; smooth; silky smooth; and Steely Dan"
The first Mardi Gras, which means "Fat Tuesday" in French, took place in New Orleans in 1827.
Love+hate=jealousy.
“ I think I wanna take a walk...lol but its a little too late for that. It will definately happen at some point tomorrow.”
Happy TGIF! Still time to Glamorous #Weave full Sewin only $75 Get the latest cuts Need a good Flat Iron #Braids Updo?! Walkins are Welcomed
Broke my fucking bracket twice in 1 and half months
BTW, The no zoning interview is with a nationally syndicated tv show that's v. cool. They asked us not to mention their name before filming.
are you at the peaks???
we should grab a cup of coffee next time Im in NYC. Not your UI guy but I think we share video visions of granjer.
Great night, but still an uphill climb. Here's to Friday.
#NF those beautiful ass
word, I'll see you there I'm sure.
Bitch stop shooting the breeze and come into the operation room. I can hear you and I just wanna get this over with.
Launched two sites today. Nice to see projects come to a close.
Seneca Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world
OMG the shrimp!
Or the one you were talking about that one seems more fit for the kids Bowleros might end up being to late of a time for kids
Don't let Life happen to you make Life happen FOR you!
Ahh I LOVE my new heels:)).
Two more days of work then off to the lake for some bass fishing... don't forget beer and wings!
2pm! Expecting a large crowd, so if u come, come early...
When the flat top feller speaks, u listen. Now following RT : #BBN lets give a warm welcome to our newest wildcat !
Agreed. One wonders about the article's genesis--it sure has a distinct p.o.v. And no perspective from LT is a shonda.
EveRY sINgle WOrds SHE is taLkiNG is frICKinG anNoying. caN u juST sHuT A fUCk UP?????????
POP, LOCK AND DROP IT!
With recent murmurs that Facebook's apps are moving away from html, is team: /instagram slated to work on FB iOS/Android?
just when we started running to it... RT nyti.ms/o4ZeZF Edgar Allen Poe's house is in trouble
Thank you for the #FF. Honored to be in all your company, wow!
(Aldous Leonard Huxley) Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.
whatever helps, nerdbert :)
Is it against MLB drug policy to have Just For Men in the dugout?? Cuz Maddux gotta keep that stache lookin' tight!
I miss My bby :( , Finna Kick Off My Shoes & Chill
Once but not intentionally
(con't) ... among male hacker audiences, rape allegations met w/ skepticism, (phony) claims of 'radical' Sw. feminist law.
Woul someone tell JR Smith to stop shooting threes?
just saw my graduation video... I can't believe high school is over.
i love twatter.
would you like some sun? because your #shady as fck
President Clinton just showed up the #TheVoice watch party here at the White House...now the party can REALLY get started...
LOL...yeah...I've been missing the Twitter banter...'bout time I get back to it.
we are too!
Glad you enjoyed the call! Notes from the call will be posted to ACM's Members Only web site in the next couple of weeks.
my mom received both of her degrees from Depaul University after I turned 12.
Hey! Ya I just emailed you back. Sorry it took me a little while...I've been super busy lately! See u tomorrow at Boot Camp!
After the restart up to P5!
A bit rhetorical, but still.
just doesnt understand twitter.. is it like facebook's update thing???
this love is a sure thing <3
its niether good or bad in my eyes, its life.
Downside to hosted software services: timeline control, lack of customization, aggravated internal communication issues, costly.
“: Who else hates their recorded voice?”
alrighhh you still want me to see if I can go to clite w/ y'all ?
Just saw a family with mom, dad, daughter and baby all dressed up as bees, complete with wings and antennae. A. DOR. A. BLE.
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
I've seen it on YouTube. It was rough.
Here we go, free One Direction tickets at 99.7 NOW!
My guy! RT : John Hammond on a possible contract ext. for Brandon Jennings: "it's not something we have to do."
n Jay couldnt pronounce her last name. I was Like cmon man
Happy Mother's Day to All the Mom's out there!!!
You cant just bribe me with promises of craft beer and cheap sex... oh wait
Amanda Knox prosecutors accused of wasting public money: Daily Telegraph reports
NaLee mermaids, mystery, mayhem, a private island full of secrets and a private island full of secrets
we'll do our best
its hard to explainbut its like this guy can see ghost idk lol
Confusing, nail-biting, frustrating game from beginning to end for fans of both teams. We have Chris Paul, though. That's it.
Dam so #WhatBrowardHoesSay is trendin its now im loggin on twitter
Oh ageless I am sorry I ever doubted you as the halftime show.
I love applesauce:))so delicious:))
I hear it's some dude named 's birthday....Maybe I should give a hint on a surprise I have for SoJo....It's happening next week ;)
DON'T GO
RT: : Oprah's last show- What can I say about Oprah that she hasn't already said about herself?
Discussing different medication (stimulants, antidepressants, etc) & dosing strategies for the different ADHD subtypes at www.addforums.com.
Romney: "'Even Jimmy Carter' would have ordered bin Laden attack". Translation: Dems are tough!
that number is the amount that I have listened to a track by Elliott Smith in the last 6 years. that averages 9.69 tracks/day
screaming YES YES YES YES like im in a fucking herbal essence commercial! Lol
Now that is full of crap because NOBODY knows when the world is going to end...
I have the best office and coworkers. I love
What a man! Mike Brown building tables & a "hot tub time-machine" for the restaurant.
will have his hand raised after the fight
. Did I tell you and I saw the Orioles on Sunday -- looks like my losing streak from last season is over!
I want it to be real to the point it's unbelieveable.
I've postulated inverse Moore's Law on lagging gov adoption of new tech: WATLY'S Law - "Wave as the train leaves your station"
hey girly! Been busy at work, I think I might be playing the crawfish boil on the 5th :)
Crikey - it seems there are no add-ons for the 32bit & 64bit versions of & Therefore, 7-9 are mandatory.
I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. Duane Michals
Had fuku burger tonight and sin city wings last night. I love that there down on freemont st this weekend. to bad there not there every week
RT : John Terry won't want to mark Suarez today. I hear they're great friends. They get on like a cross on fire
goin to the football game 2nite :)
Q1a: Bike that I want - Giant TCR Advanced
Having a fantastic time at #TEDxSanDiego!! This is unbelievable!! So happy #car2gosandiego is a part as well!
Word I'd like to see retired for the rest of the year: "journey."
Thanks RT Thank for showing leadership by speaking out for America Makes me happy that you will be
Yeah, I meant the bridge construction site. My neighbors speculate it was a canon shot, perhaps from the local gun club.
The marathon may be winding down, with the zombies running all over town. After moving your feet, it's time to eat, and the Dish...
Helu and Benson...and if I had to choose one, I'm going with the guy I've backed all year - LROB! Good luck!
My Thanks to all
thanks, you too.
"I would rather lose in a cause that will some day win, than win in a cause that will some day lose!" Marinate on that...........
agreed. most men would say they make their own luck, not some higher power.
If I'd had a Swedish edition of I could have made some money. Overall, I think they primarily enjoy Sky Mall.
Tonight we have #NBA #NHL playoffs! #Mariners and more baseball!! And our awesome patio is open!!
Velcro screams quality!
Apparently I'm missing the double rainbow...all the way across the sky...
I moved because of her lol iknow so big Edward & u can be hittin the blunt
yea you're right Mike. Defense is a much bigger need. After waiving Collins the Pack has a bunch of needs
umm i may have to come into cafs JUST for your cupcakes. God I love you and your baking!
I heard Ray Finkle is the third base coach and Lois Einhorn is the pitching coach
- the #SoupGuru first weekly email newsletter is published! To view send a message with email address!!
“Be gentle w/ yourself. You are a child of the universe-no less than the trees & the stars. In the confusion of life, keep peace in ur soul”
Top of the show segment!
def. Calls for recovery!!!
Amy Earhart 19th Geospatial Mapping interactions between Concordians, Irish Catholics, African American & Transcendentalists.
Your my celeb crush, can i be your fan crush?;)
I hope too :)
I've been waiting for this solar powered parking meter to process my payment for 2+ minutes. Even automated govt services are inefficient!
At the SXSW community engagement panel. stressing the importance of starting "real conversations" in posts/updates.
Sometimes i can be a IDGAF person
We are THANKFUL for all of your support this and are closed today so we can eat & drink, and spend time with family and friends.
Fresh Cool Drinks perhaps?
I gained like 8 followers today haha
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime
Hallelujah the Steelers are puttin up some points!
The gym wore me out. My body DOES NOT feel like a wonderland.
To me Ron Paul looks like the guy who gets unhooded at the end of every #ScoobyDoo episode. --Jimmy Kimmel @ White House Correspondents Din.
now begins the talk back after 'End of the Rainbow' #SUinNYCTheater #MylaLerner everyone enjoyed the performance!
You got...voted!
was just pinged about a great ecommerce opportunity in Berkeley -- DM if you're interested and I'll put you in touch with the recruiter
just getting back some of the feedback from folks on the new album Cautionary Tales, haunting, exquisitite, rich are the buzzwords
went 2 weeks before she passed away. Thanks again.
Bout' to go out w/ the moms for a lil bit. TMLL <3
Planning groupon dream vacations is my favorite non work activity when I'm at work.
well you could be.
2 chains reminds me of jar jar binks from star wars hahaha
At Glen Ellyn police station re: parking ticket. Cust. parking during lunch at Honey. What is the matter w/ these people?
yes, the tannins are definitely still there but decanting should help.
RT : At the White House Rose garden for the Teacher of the Year ceremony. All of the state winners are being announced
right on...have a good night bud! P.S. I dig your website..
Work is so slow ): come visit if you're in Harrison or rye !!!!!
man nigga b trippin out hear man......and that sum real shizzz
Featuring select readings by SMILE, HON contributors, including EARL CROWN, E. DOYLE-GILLESPIE, SHARON GOLDNER, FERNANDO QUIJANO I...
looks like boston could be done...
Have a great show big Brah.
Looking for an awesome Sales & Marketing Manager for The Hard Rock Cafe in Memphis! Email for more info!
I don't know what else to say instead of .... "IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY !! GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY!!"
Bass control on stereos should be outlawed in private homes.
LolRT : Im speaking all Mexican .2day
RT Need a haircut? Go to and tell them sent ya!
Demi Fixes Our Hearts.
Most of the people who dream to own some record label often fail
LA did not lose by 30. I believe that is something they can build on.
just got every obey shirt at zumiez lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
they're hacking up a deadman!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i thought i was so cool
I SEE YOU.
win!! you know the friendship is done when you're removed from someone's top 8
You know what? Me too!
I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin.
Cheering on my roommate doing Insanity in front of me while I check my email.
so the Google homepage is pretty awesome this AM
all of my overlord ... er ... computer are shipping towards me! can't.contain.excitement.
Im ready to eat!!
u know u famous when u asign ur twitter followers a number
Nice job Jackson!
Im always the only one up
anchorman sequel? oh yeah. I can fucks with that
Good morning! Just 2 days left... :-)
Oh, man, you're killin' me :) Back to the drawing board (I'll probably still get the Pad or Pod over Kindle though) Thanks again.
If you still feel stressed & tension, try aromatherapy to natural relief from headaches, anxiety, & everyday stress.
that what happens!
Here's hoping I don't wack the mic with my headphones this week...
Lightweight. A man like you should be able to handle a little N. Ephron every now and then. #"...nineextrafloors."
Maybe a hair product emergency?
“What yoga does is to help remove what stands in the way of your being the bright light and powerful force that you really are.” Rod Stryker
Shampooing my room soon! WET CARPET YUCK!!!:( <U+E421><U+E023><U+E413><U+E411>
Watching Tower Heist, don't have a good feeling about this
In order to know (the great) Reality, you must be sane. In order to be sane, you must be out of your mind.
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince. ~Vincent Lombardi
At Town Beer in Dirty Stallis, WI celebrating my Double Sweet 16!
WAIT!!!! LIONEL RICHIE AND FRIENDS ON TV!!! floss can wait an hour... just this once...
Thank you all for the warm welcome! It is much appreciated. :)
Had a blast when you came to Detroit brody!
Here I am (at Sunday brunch), rock you like a hurricane (blasting in my ear)
#lonelyisland is tweeting... Life is great I love them... Jorma is my secret lover <3
J just wanna sleep.
I think planned this overnight stay in Cedarburg to keep me away from 's Adopt-A-Thon!
anti-reform msg last week: "parents union parents are dirty liars" anti-reform msg this week: "no more mudslinging" #recsissiongate #really?
Don't make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
ohhtayy my fellow noodle (:
All-Clad's Emeril Cookware is now 50% off!!!!!!
They swept the Blues lol. They are playing Phoenix now. It's going to be a great series. So is the Rangers and Devils
wow I'm out! That's bull... Real cool I didn't scream or anything
Open the Doors to Learning... great blog post by
cool, bro
I'm away from #smashville. Will the game be on TV?
Or any motor racing event....
glad you liked get the gringo, I played the secretary!
Looks like big #FantasyDraft points for me at #OverTheLimit!
Germans have no word for fluffy.
My main character, Maddie, gets to find out what it's like to live in pioneer Indiana when she finds out she's from there
YES! Nick moved back!
He is a brilliant Radar guy. He is in FL but will go where the work is. My thanks for your interest.
haha I guess they just heard how good we are and were too scared to show
& the best sports season officially starts today ... Yankee Baseball ! #letsgoyankees <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26BE>#<U+20E3>1<U+20E3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
He's making coffee. Or meth. No I'm pretty sure it was coffee.
And just when things were getting boring, a gynecologist with 9 fingers walked in. Now it's a fucking party.
When I get "Real" and connect to my message...it gets too unstructured. They say it is a bit like an explosion...
I've been behind in my #FFs so just wanted to send you a shout out! Have a great week
We are the Voice of Jesus Christ...Are You?? Spread the word that GOD IS LOVE! Have a blessed weekend everyone! – pls RT -
Stop in sometime. We'd love to frame one for you guys on the cheap.
I cant wait for highschool!
I ask because I am identify that my tradition is slowing me down, I am trimming the fat to grow as a Hmong person.
About to take a super nap then head out to to video mix it up!!! will be in the spin room!
Thanks for sharing :)
SALE 1.00 Ct Round Diamond Vintage Curve Engagement Pave Engagement Wedding Ring
So sick of this place
Wow, normally I have no problem saying hi to a celeb, but just froze when ran into badass Dustin Brown from LA Kings!
Good news from the Magic (finally) They will be going to the playoffs for 6th straight season – longest active streak in NBA East
I havent feed thaa fish in two weeks, die fish , die.
...but then there's also "Group Genius" Check out the book by Keith Sawyer
hey you ;)
Ramma Lamma is playing this THURSDAY at Cactus, not Wednesday like was originally posted!!!
Happy Hour Tonight from 4-6pm. $1.00 off all drinks and appetizers including Legendary Zucchini!
If Your Reading This... I LOVE YOU <3
gay men...
When it comes my money I expect absolutely no bullshit
Ok, so you just need recording and mixing done? ..i'll DM you my contact info so we can discuss it.
Because they are my designer socks now! <3
yeah, it was amazing. Too bad Barack was in Hawaii at the time....
YAY! Baby steps. :)
that show we talked about is looking to happen mid-sept. happy dog. us, you + one other band. we'll have to all chill before then..
You're in my thoughts and prayers!!! Stay strong!!
I thought the $25K was toward the effort to bring the tournament there. Either way, bottom line a big factor w/girls tourney
WAY TOO COLD I PROMISE YOU'll NEED SOME THERAFLU.
hope you love your new thanks for the sweet tweet!
Common Sense: Never hide information needed for task completion behind barriers. Common Prblm: How do we protect user privacy , verify ID?
Just now noticed that Scopus is still active for my computer despite that I only had a week trial
There are cats fighting out my window...it scared me so bad I jumped so high...I hit my head on the ceiling!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions."
Sweet and Spicy Roasted Chickpeas These sweet and spicy roasted chickpeas make a fantastic high-protein snack the kids will Read Full Pos
SHOUT OUT TIME" Showing respect & support to WORLD AIDS DAY"
any reccs? asking 'Can anyone recommend blogs (on any topic) they read written by black women in DC?'
If this train moves any slower, we might just go back in time.
Good Tuesday morning to you!
The most important thing we have to do today is breathe. Interestingly, even that is a choice.
": Morning Tribe fans! Do we get to play the #Boston Josh Beckett's again today? #Please"< teabag the punk ass bitch...again.
im ready to love againn...
New tour video coming soon
Hitting to the streets of DC today--- Metro Center, today is your day (pending parking)
MI6 spy Gareth Williams was &#39;discovered in bed with hands tied to headboard&#39;
Met a friend & her dog for a run this morning in the park. That dog chased everything. We ran 5.5 miles...the dog did about 9.
Find out what you have in Christ, So if you see no evidence of it, you'll know whither you have it or not.
lmfaoooo yes I do!!!
Watching Dante's Peak and nodding out.
hustlers gotta hustle!
Sweet! Sounds like fun!!! Enjoy! :)
:::sending energetic vibes::: the great thing about hungry teen boys (from my experience) is that they eat anything. Gratefully.
I'm so jealous! I'm following the tweets there!
It’s not cheating unless you get caught. ;D
Gingrich and Santorum endorse Kansas plans to continue to the convention despite loss in New Orleans.
While making sure your child gets enough calcium,don’t forget vitamin D. Most don’t drink the 4 glasses of milk/day. Maybe use a supplement?
Stopped by here to say hi and have a wonderful day. take care
Nunn Center's #OHMS system being featured tomorrow at #webwise to demo interface that could be used to crowdsource indexing of
throwin' the word "friend" around a bit loosely there, eh?
People pretty consistently notice my haircuts 3 months after the fact
then the Redskins have some problems.
Last week of class...pushing for a strong finish!
he knows me .. wheew whiping forhead ..cant afford to lose friends
Wheels up...next stop NYC
psssst. I'm at HCI all week.
I can't hear Norah Jones without thinking about my dad.
#incollege u learn about shit that is irrelevant just like in high school. but some shot will really help yo ass in the long-run
sick day today....gonna eat some ramen
Gotta B Kushed up through da holidays. it's the only way 2 bring 2012 n
Power isn't for everyone simply because some people don't know how to behave when they have it
Desperate Housewives series finale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Welcome to our team Derek Lewis, James Garrison, Laura Morin, and Elizabeth Hiestand!!!
...TGIF! I have friends coming into Milwaukee from Chicago...any good suggestions on what to do and where to go?
We LOVE it!
Thanks for the RT & Happy Friday!
Reminds me a bit of my upper arm. Hopefully won't take 6 years though.
Thank you for supporting Energy Fitness and Wellness ! Please take a moment to suggest our page to all your friends and family! Thank you!
The hotter it is, the more still I am. 83 inside doesn't feel so bad if only my fingers are moving (typing). Did the pioneers know this?
there is even a book on Amazon about knitting with dog hair. Imagine how that sweater would smell in the rain.
Can I get a whoop whoop? Damn I'm at work. Boss on vacation ! Yeah
yeah, these girls are amazing !
LOL but i didnt wake up regretting it AT ALL. LOLyo, that cinco de mayo will go down in history, especially the morning after calls
“: Too many movies to choose from #Netflix” & nothin good -__-
Q2 But the library in my town shouldn't look like the one in yours. We all have different needs.
lol, swear.! It really is.
Boys look for love with their eyes .
Yeah, I am hoping to be there on Saturday for senior day before I head to the #PawSox game to (likely) see Dice-K!
nothing foo hey wat u wan watch ghost rider is playing
Really fun looking surf in NY today. Wish I was there. Counting down the days till may!
RT : How do you measure success as a professor: When a recent undergrad gets a job with a higher salary than yours.
Gotta love Bryce Harper's hustle. The kid plays the game right!
One month until 1D is in arizona yeaaahhhhh
Like I said my friend is bring a bitch she drew on my shirt I'm f*cking mad, I i didn't even knew till the reacher told me!:(
Good to be back home in Minnesota for the #NHLDraft. The airport has welcome signs everywhere. Minnesotans love their hockey!
up 3 @ half
you just have to trust me. if i was a fake i wouldnt be replying to you
Got any plans for the approaching weekend? We'd love to hear them!
#vampirediaries Why don't these vampires just tear Elena's head off? She's just a meddlesome human. Major plot holes.
Gotta get up bright and early to be on set bright and early. Hopping off to work on my script. Have a FANTASTIC evening my dears :)
Ok, we can do that on Friday too. I was too pooped to participate that day I said I would do it.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. ~ Lucille Ball
So a rapper here dissed all Milwaukee? Oh.
#100factsaboutme I usually like to poop in the morning while checking twitter :)
you need to add more punctuation, and grammar cuz i read that completely wrong lol
yea man... Its looking like it.....
try her at and you will get her AND Tom!!!
great art work
A-FUCKING-MEN RT The penis is the most uglyiest looking things ive ever seen in my life , bleeeeeh -____-
Adam & Blake are the cutestt. :)
long day today time to lay down and eat icecream
looking forward to SMPP. Any way to get a quick question answered before it starts?
in the dark listening to music
I agree on your point, but I will never complaint if they made the office colder
Career Chemistry: Best Jobs for Enterprising People:manager/executive/financial manager/sales manager/representative/ venture capitalist
Good Morning, Cincinnati! Please follow the #NGS2012 hashtag for great info and tweeps to follow! Have a fabulous Friday!
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making two sets of fangs today!
OH SHIT, YOU GOT ME GURLLL.
We've been spending most our time living life in a gangsta's paradise
Belated thanks to for coming to the rescue (again!) yesterday. I'd be lost in Wales and Winnersh without you...
;-) now can I get a shout out cutie
Feeling very lucky to live close to the ocean; it's inspiring every time I see it, and it calms and focuses me.
Hey #TEDsters, don't forget to sign up on National Lab Day and "check" that you are with ted.com - you will get the chance to win an iPAD!
Finally downloaded #drawsomething. Instantly obsessed.
It's 3:48am and we see a very vivid star flashing light over the Atlantic Ocean!
POWER OF PRAYER: What you REVEAL to God, God will HEAL for you...
Kloppenburg nets 24 in Vernon CTY. For those keeping track that puts #kloppenburg up 261 with more changes to come.
i forgot to text you.!
#Akwasi_Frimpong, takes part of the #Utah_Valley_University #Woodbury_ school_of_business promo film. Film soon on website stay updated.
Now at the airport to head home to Austin. Fantastic
Darren Criss Offers Inside Look Into His Broadway Show (VIDEO) If his career keeps up like this, Darren Criss may find himself with an EG
Tonight's Blue Plate Special: smoked salmon pasta.....yum yum
Freedom and a day off. I see cooking and cleaning in my future.
Look stumpy (you like that new nickname? It's a height thing), call me a butthole again and I'll shove my boot up yours.
I'll be there at the black box on the 25th and 26th for sure :)
A a day keeps the doctor away! .. Dr pepper that is :)
If the grass is greener on the other side, you can bet the water bill is higher.
im gonna miss my old car lol
Darlene Brown Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
I will be trying to do some replys tomarro & shouts & hopefully a #MM too :-) xo
oh yaa. Go to that plz
i follow back!
Slight push off lol RT : Did Harrington just make Gasol turn a circle?
My Girl and My music>>>
cab driver is as drunk as me
The 5 o'clock traffic jam is banging out the speakers! #teamKTFM yeah buddy
Ohh Twitter, I know I can tell you anything and you wont judge me.(:
#mla12 #s442 pedagogical implications: pushing back on the assumption of dataviz, environmental lit as objective
i automatically loose a little respect for guys i know, when i see them liking pictures of girls half naked on Facebook..
Plenty of time for Weeks to get hit by a pitch again tonight.
Psalm 37:4 trust in the Lord. He'll give your your hearts desires and dreams. It may not be exactly what you wanted, it will be even better.
Sorry you're having log-in trouble. Have you contacted your local library for help? ~Mike
same to you!
Tournament tomorrow for volleyball.these bitches are gonna be first<3(:
lol pillow fight?
Coconut chicken for #paleo #Paleo_Diet #paleodiet dinner. It is amazing how coconut oil makes EVERYTHING taste amazing!
I wish
You did what you could bro. You're teammates could of matched your output a little more. lol....GG
Duck typing for variables. Hee, hee.
Watching the woman in black and we're all soiling ourselves bro D: lol
Get 2 medium 2-toppings for 9.99 this week only! No coupon needed, just mention the special. Expires 11-27-11!
Oh, wait, actually, there are a lot of interactive parties on that list.
text me! I'm all caught up at work with damn paper work
My husband dropping a coconut off our balcony seems to have made Reed's day.
Vista Sheriffs are looking for missing 8 year old Julio Cisneros last seen wearing a white t-shirt, jeans, may have blk sweatshirt
grl wth idk what I'm doing I didn't read the directions went up the elevator and don't know how to get some instructions
Spring cleaning while listening to
As cramped as PF doctrine is for a solution, I don't know there are better ways for *litigators* to go right now... Hence, sigh.
you cheering for the devils
Just got to Philly, pretty night, let's go
yup. :) I'm not a big fan of Justin, but i realy like this song. :P
My obsession with chapsticks is going overboard that i need it every minute. .....do you have any chapsticks, ? haha
RT : Everyone says hate is a strong word, but they throw around love like it's nothing...
I hope you feel better and heal asap!!! xo
“ They say with age comes with wisdom, but it has definitely skip quite a few people”
It's coffee time
Menon: Gift of Rain asks us to reimagine modern Malyasia
Back at it on a Monday... Welcome to the Thunderdome
grr I failed my road test grr
Were on the corner of Warren and Brady on Milwaukees east side
infringing, not stealing. Point taken though.
never left, I'd promise I'd stay <3
- attended "Art of the Agency Interview" with Tony Nation yesterday. Excellent! To do list totally revamped. Thanks.
Do you know any upcoming graduates? Have they secured jobs yet?
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
What's your favorite song off All The Way? Ps.. Please follow us... PLEASE???
oh yeah. Being too on time is not fab! Have fun in #austin!
yeah I met him twice but the first time we were aloud to get pictures bc there was so many fans for him. And the second time...
thanks so much for RT
Gonna go eat breakfast for dinner. Normal in the summertime.
Excited for my 1st theater experience of Fall 2011. Going to see with Sam Jackson and Angela Bassett. Prepared to be moved!
oh nice dude I've never been there :( and just have some faith I already got all of my credits!!
You're right. Clearly, they should give up what they've been winning with and play a more aesthetically pleasing style.
I hope you get to see it. It is def a must see. Beautifully done film.
#BBN follow my man ! Not only one of the all time greats but also very interactive with his fans.
39bb entering lvl 2 of wsop main. Have to try to stay positive and just grind.
anticipating the swat, elegantly, the fly takes off
Just passed a street view maker in #Nashville pretty awesome looking... and semi-creepy.
7/22 come hang out to see Guaranteed good time! Come say hi, we'll be there!! :)
Thank you Photoshop, for once again being both the best and worst thing in the world.
well I hope your alive for new years.
About time girl
Consider me guilty. We'll have to cover Commando in a future episode. What's the theme, other than ass kicking?
Nice! Ask them where they get the oil changed. That often will tell you alot about how well the car has been maintained.
Not only does Gregg Marshall not rebuild, but you can't even say he reloads, because he upgrades the talent every recruiting class.
Hi Jackie - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
you iz very tolerant of small peeplez. Ize scared of dem.
Heading over to Hendersonville to start getting my new place ready to move into! Excited. I'll be living on the lake. Funny how life works
what lol? you look nice with glasses on :P
I love a little music mixed onto my morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> now time for that is a requirement for my everyday mornings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
So, #Truckeroo, who's going tonight? I'm taking to show her what DC can do!
hello world
Toshiba Satellite LED 14.0-Inch Laptop in 4 hours! Brand new Xbox 360 Elite in 3 hours!
these beats dont get phat on their own, you gotta feed them shits
It's a great parade!
New publisher Doug Manchester says paper could spawn a radio station and TV station in push to diversify in KPBS interview.
Record-breaking bridal train up in the air
A little dejavu from that save Thomas
Thanksgiving > Halloween
Awesome text from my wife: "We are leaving swim practice early...somebody pooped in the pool".
"(A woman) ought just to show her feelings enough to let him taste the hidden sweets." 11/08/1869
My dear older brother's birthday is tomorrow. Please say hi & follow But also remember the stories he tells of me are lies.
Does anyone on twitter know what mud bogging is? Probly not...
Gov #Brown's initiative is good start but not enough, Bill Freeman, SD Education Association.
Spanish, Level 1 :) Could you let us know who knew? RT : Did you know that Diablo 3 is spanish for Devil 3?
Happy #WorldTheatreDay, everyone! Though a Tuesday (not many shows tonite) buy a ticket for this weekend and support local
I should sleep now...
Come on down to Scottsvile Farmers Market today for Cherry Pie and FREE cookies! Open 8:30 to 12:30 TODAY!
25 cent Wing Special (from 4pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS, & late evening with DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40
Announging the Smart Grid Implementation Summit - August 17-19 in Washington, DC! Check us out at www.iqpc.com/us/smartgrid for more info!
The guy is worth Millions, he can be Queen of fucking England if he wants...
sure...here's the blog. Warm weather = bugs
Glad to be back.
The more I look n the mirror I realize... Im not a rapper...
#NowFollowing my bruda lol :) #R.T R.T R.T R.T R.T RKL IT AINT NO TRADEN N DIZ....
RT #Taurus enjoys romance by candlelight and watching the play of shadows on their lover's body.
off site.
Finally, thanks to & Tom Augst for the invitation to Promising future for
I could #squeezelife much easier if you sold this stuff by the barrel :D
#bigdataweek chat w Todd Park is TUE 2p est - submit questions ahead of time if u want
Amen brother.
Happy Bday to my lil sister, I hope its filled with joy!
I think we're planning a trip with the boys, Keith and Susie in June. Will you be in Dallas then?!?
If you were a star you'd be the one I'd be looking for
I want a hippopotamus for christmas!
I got that crucial killa love
#motives? let me assist you in your vacation needs in #ladiesnight #singles text 7026737032 for vip services
thank you I will do that
Probably doing make up work tonight :/ ugh!
You're the 2nd person I've seen raving about it! I'm gonna have to check it out to see all the hype!
GoodMorning I hope you have a great day today :)
Coming home today from work haven<U+FFFD>t ever felt so fucking good.Now amazing music,hot shower, good food and something good from Mr. Palahniuk.
MT : #UCDavis student journalists who covered the pepper-spraying, "Walk of Shame" now facing punitive action by UCD. #really? #REALLY?
I've had the Baccano! theme in my head for the past 30min because of that tweet.
A lot of good shows got cancelled so sad to see The River, The Finder, Awake, Alcatraz all shows that haven't had a decent conclusion.
Check emails Memphis!
The Fucking Shade.....
Definitely surprised the drop wasnt bigger....
I can imagine. And on gorgeous days like today I have no idea how they corral kids into the classroms.
at the Deli tonite featuring and Italian Picnic 6-8pm. Rumor has it Blue Sunday will be join us. Be there!
They are a fleet of troopers!
RT Who is joining me, and today and going makeup free?? #youarebeautifulwithoutit xoxo
Thanks for the RTs Carlos :)
Doing your best C+C Music Factory impression? (Things that make you go hm) RT Roy Williams. Hm...
Mad Cause I LookBetter Than The Girl That's Wit Chu '.
Great night with & ! Until next time, ladies! Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!
Thanks for the RT Steve! Have a great weekend
Falling asleep very relaxed? Getting to sleep in the whole bed rather than what pets allot you
RT I live in a bizarre satire where corporations are people, pepper spray is a condiment and hoodies constitute probable cause.
Why is #SpaceJam a topic for the Chicago twitter trends?
--- is there a war against PAAS?
I can't tell if I'm exhausted, sad, or if I just ate too much BBQ this weekend. Whatever it is, bleh.
this excitement is making me more excited. Will let you both know when I register.
He did
are you heading to Dove Valley!? :-)
omg I want one :(
Happy Thanksgiving. Thanks to all for your continued support of Studio 4 Art!!
Listening to Gym class heroes.
i'll be WFH this afternoon. Maybe we can pick this up over a webinar?
Guys are complacated..i want someone like he just seems so perfect :)
I cant wait!!
<<<<<<<is not a SPAMMER I swear...I'm just tryin to hook y'all up :)
This week's special The Frodo T-Baggins: turkey, bacon, fresh avocado, Gorgonzola cheese crumbles, hand-cut fries. $9, starts tomorrow!
Nope. Loki struck me as a kid brother dressing up in big brother's clothes. Which, in a sense, he was.
The books are full of combat, but also refusal, and that's all I'll say.
Who wants to go to the FedEx Forum with me June 5th?
Another closer alert, Scott Downs goes down, LaTroy Hawkins ended up picking up save, didn't even know he was in Anaheim to be honest...
Betsy Sigman (#TLT fellow) describing how she used Google Plus with her students.
wen u find out let me know i dnt got school monday
Thanks for the follow Bill!
Here we are, at Art All Night! Freezing cold, but still awesome vibe.
"Teachers matter." You are awesome Obama.
It is personal. And when mean people do nasty underhanded things it is because they are mean people.
Its National Taco Day? I really need to be on Twitter more often.
I just watched them eat some delicious fish and it made me hungry.
SHOUT OUT TO MR. SHANE THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. WE ARE FOLLOWING YOU NOW
lol yeah poor Jon ):
I've been around a lot of ins lot of outs lot of what have yous.
Happy Mothers Day to wife Lisa, mom Joyce, daughter Sara, d.i.l.- Jamie,m.i.l. Patti & sis. Donna & Marqueta-great moms-we honor u today
One minute earlier I had the same thing on mind.
lmao ok then I accept
Apparently, Aubrey O'day looks like Cindy Lou who and lisa lampanelli is my wife :)
Don't talk to me. Don't talk to me. Don't talk to. *thinking*
ok wat is it
About 400 students will graduate at 3 p.m. tomorrow in Stritch's winter commencement ceremony at the US Cellular Arena. Congratulations!
Best hash tag ever!
LOVE, It doesn't last.. PEOPLE, They change fast.. LIFE, No matter what happens, it still moves on..
AWESOME!! :) <3 RT : i read about you in october's AP issue!
UP ALL NIGHT LIKE THIS ALL NIGHT
Just got done with cross country no meats this week yay it's so nice outside
Missouri BAEO testifying in support of HB 1228. Saying surrounding districts are begging for charter schools.
seeing via blackberry on all of your tweets makes it seem like somethings off? text me off your droid..oh wait...
Watching the Grammys makes me miss you and your bad ass voice! Seems like you've been hiding.
#May please be good to mee <U+2665>
Remember only I can prevent forest fires
#dogperson all the way.
Matched with number 3 tonight!
lmfao sweetie you favorited mine too.
Starting tomorow I am going to act like Cat for one whole day!
Life is to short to worry about the past so close your eyes and clear your mind then get up and start new memories :)
i'm not gonna care when i get gray hair ;)
Cary Arts Center. It was the focal point in town when my grandmother went there for high school 100 yrs ago. Now it is again
Ahahahahahhahahahah <3 it's not my account to change anything on. I wish..
Wow yo kids gonna be ugly anyway if it looks like jayZ lmao
what did he do to u and analiese
Home Sweet Home...so happy to see my Bacca
Just got a beer handed to me from a stretch limo on the west side highway
Tonight I'm at and mixes on &
GB dominate first World Cup event
your soo weird.. U need more followers.
Why are Str8 college guys so easy to turn?? I mean, it's getting effortless. #TeamBi you're bigger than you let on!!
I'm followin' your boy now. I hope he's funny.
that picture of you cooking reminded me of & 's spanish skit! Hahaha.
are you nervous that Tramon was limited in practice today? any chance he re-injured the shoulder against CHI?
Spending all my words on the book. I arrive at Twitter with moths in my pocket. This book consumes me.
you can be whopping folks up in golden crust LOL
Jello, follow me back, I need to holla at U...
Wait Where Did Everyone Get This Summer Camp Information?
march madness wasn't the same without hearing you call games!
Thanks for the words of wisdom!
Collaboration and opinions are two of the top perks of working of an in-house creative dept. However, I do have to get dressed...
Thnxs for making me twitter:))
Your response to the stressful moments in life help shape your character.
If you were the greatest actor in the world, what would you do?
why o why is my whole body sore???
agreed agreed !
Dear Meet - Tim, meet Emily. You're Welcome. Sincerely,
Its a DOMINICAN INVASION this WEDNESDAY!!! NO COVER and CRAZY bottle specials!!
Happy Hour starts at 3pm and goes until 8. If you can beat it, eat it!
I don't find you annoying a definitely a big part of avon volleyball. luv u becks
If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
#Walgreen's says "We will attempt to contact your doctor for authorization" but means "We'll tell them 1x & drop it."
i am loving me some #CyberMonday!!! i got $100 OFF a camera I wanted from #BestBuy!!!
We are delighted to do so!
RT : ronaldo...it's ok you are still hot as hell
I don't think these even count as seconds, I never really had a full plate of firsts!
And let's not forget, Happy Easter and ! God bless! xoxo
Just realized I passed 2000 tweets already. My 2000th tweet? "I want banana" -.-
When you affirm big, believe big, and pray big, big things happen.(big things popping, small things stopping)
World Kissing Day is July 6, people, not today.
“ I hate when ppl stare at me...boo bitch” Me Too Smdh
JUSTIN ON THE VOICE YESTERDAY -dead-
Valentine's Day is a week away! Make your reservations today - 415.5240!
I love it when people smile for their mugshots Lol..
Experiencing the worst day of my life. No, this is not an exaggeration.
Let's sKype.
Drink drank drinkk
its nto spam, its really a blog on bullying...
Almost like a comic version from a Lumiere Brothers movie...
Go go gadget Windows...Apple here we come!
I laugh at 2Chainz because he's one of the coldest and weakest niggas out right now.
This one is confusing. Subject: Germany Gets First Strike With Extra Inch. Msg: Hit a home run every night with your gigantic bat.
haha I will try I'll probably go cold today
Ok Raiders Gone 49ers Gone Whos your favorite now please don't say New England, We hava Manning in da house Good Luck!!
Shot Out to she FOLLOWS BACK so FOLLOW HER
Is it distracting to have it w/you in class/all the time? Do you actually search/re-read your notes? Do you take notes on readings?
I'm good!! What's new? How is NY? I miss it, I miss it! I can't wait to come home for the holidays!
I Can't Wait For The #SOLISTEN Music Video!!! He's Gunna Be Epic!
Stunned and saddened by Seau news. Just awful. Reportedly killed himself. I'm sure we will have complete coverage on
The ghetto bird is out.
They just follow you on Twitter!
I love twitter. Its a place where you can relate to complete strangers.<3
'tis an excellent Guinness cake that but didn't translate into cupcakes at last holiday party natch
you just never know :-)
Going to the strip today :D
Found the panera bread of ATL: corner bakery.
Privacy is official null and void.
I didn't; I had no friends, I felt awkwrd just going. but case be different w/ you. I'm sure it's gonna be kickass. where at?
Did you guys watch the #AllStarGame? I had my chip-eating face on all day.
come back!! We miss you!!!!
The Sir Speedy family wishes you the very best Holiday Weekend. Happy Fourth of July!
Let your scars remind you of where you have been, But don't let them dictate where you going!!!!
hi! Omgee its been so long monkey how are ya?
penn ur the bomb I laugh till I cry watching bullshit Wish u were running for prez we need a magician
BARELY avoided getting t-boned by a South Beach cop running a red light. I wonder who would've been found "at fault" in that police report?
"my dude"
:D|Yeah baby! #Thunder UP! #OKC (( )) was on Fire!~Lightening strikes! Boom~boom~boom~boom!=Looking 4 a sweep!
Is Facebook even worth investing?
Making French Vanilla cake...
Yeah , I gave up on that note .. (: i just couldn't get it right .
Finally our marriage makes sense!
I love you to
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!! stay classy...
Oh my god I'm in so much pain.
Boredom has set in.
writing is like death: you don't know where you're going and you have to go it alone.
Posting your sex life on Twitter. Lmfao, hoe.
4 days until the Lonestar Challenge ...
"Sexy" = I want you. "Pretty" = I like you. "Beautiful" = I love you
lol. Wats up man! Where u been? DM me...
I think she has the Antoinette body?
Third, final Spkr: Chris Browne, manager Dulles Intl Apt
Is your name Maple Syrup? - Well, it damn well should be, you sap!
just had some of the best tacos in the world
Kobe Bryant = Player/Coach? Bill Russell won a title in that role. . .
Everytime you forgive you disappoint the devil.
MORNING ALL:))
oh snap ¡
Check out Seth and Ray on WTAE news at 5:55pm. They'll showcase Left Hand Clothing and our ties with traffic from the Pirates.
I'm fine... don't worry about me. Keep doing your thing... I'll talk to you later.
Auto Correct
tell me about it lol
Rick Siskey - Remember everything in life goes full circle.
my cousin just busted her but on my stair.
Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming. – Richard Branson
#TEAMBRENN retweet to reconize and slow down to see how precious life is.
Fix Him :S
Damn phone. That was supposed to be galaga.
"I Used To be A Used To"
Give me that cash when I get home and I'll hook you up brozay
Great e-publishing pannel with and Learned a lot.
research question possibilities are limited when they only involve high-level aggregated CMS data
pumpkin cream cheese enchiladas are amazing. Sounds weird; totally isn't.
Hawks and Bannisters
Tomorrow, my feature on Latin jazz master Paquito D'Rivera runs in the NY Daily News. Be on lookout!
I need to retake #GREs any secrets to share?
I guest I'm think Lil to hard
ugh yur almost in high school how is this possible & i have no clue how to get there lmfaaaaaaooo
Thinking About Going To These Graduations Tomrrow In My Home Town, But I Swear I Don't Wanna Drive...
Supply and Demand. Build a demand for the #6 market in the country to benefit from supplying consumers with all-day local
RT look who talking ««sir i dont wear wigs...you do tho..
did we just see you at Milwaukee airport?
I want that feeling again.
Followed You. expecting for a followback. :)
Accounting can be fun
It sucks how she acts so paranoid by it's such a big turn on :)
proud owner of a rolling pin. let the baking begin
I want to go out but so much work to do :(
that pic is ridiculous
Nashville is for real!
The park paid off again! Dude fucked me for over 20 min then blew a huge load in me.
Fold <-- Protein folding game. Big conf for it too. Dedicated community of amateur folders
HAHAHAHAHA That stripper rumor about you was 2 months ago! Jake&Brandon made it up LMFAOOOO! "JadenTheCandian" Was da name!
BABY COME BACK. lol no, just kidding.
Ever hear of a facial AND massage for $13? Check out our "Deal a Day" tonight at 5 & 10pm!
well, they already had interviews and hired a team, and they think they over-staffed. But I'll let you know if they didn't (:
so true... and why I do as well...
S/O to the homie for making cover of Ozone Mag
lmao no it still would be
Start thinking about your #wedding day who will be running your errands & tying up loose ends on the big day? Ask for help!
Happy Day!!! RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms!.....And to all the Men to whom that term applies.
One of my friends and I talked about the journey every day... And now shes about to graduate...
RT : 3 trials in the next 3 weeks. OneNote with note flags will be critical to keeping track of evidence, testimony, points ...
#Whotel #Hollywood booked for the next two weekends. Looking forward to taking advantage of the summer heat before my 3 week Asia trip.
Happy Mothers Day to all the twitter peeps :-)
Oh baby! This is the spring we've been looking for!
This is a brand new month with unlimited potential. Change your decisions and watch your future change right before your eyes
We have a new website 206backpain.com. Great information for one and all!
we've slowed down the rate of crawling to metafilter - it should gradually die down
Soften your eyes, your jaw and any other place in your body that you are tense
lol right but it's report card time
The Philadelphia Flyers made the short trip up the New Jersey Turnpike and skated away with a 4-2 win against the New York Rangers
omg so cute good days then.
Swimming with dolphins today, pretty excited!
Premio Lo Nuestro on my tv...live on Univision HD!
"Emotions are like waves. You can't stop them, but you can pick which ones to ride"
Strikes me "creepy" is giving "terrifying" a run for its money as Most Effective Adjective on the Internet.
very true good lol well welcome to the road <U+E01B><U+E330><U+E330><U+E330><U+E330>
With running rampant I don't give a FUCK who we get!
Practice Was The Best Today (: I Feel Accomplished <3 I Can't Wait To Play The Rangers :D Lady Wildcat
I will let you know. Going to try it w\ DDBA spring team.
bo on not getting the invite!
i know but im always getting ready for work so i never have time
Having only one stuffy nose -___-
DeadPro is currently on hiatus due to some pretty serious medical issues that much be taken care of.
following back hun! :)
Review us! You know you want to!
You guys are seriously screwing us by not letting people cross the street @ Washington & Senate. And u missed us on ur app.
Make sure to check out tonight! Great schedule, wish I could cut out of work to see it all! :(
imagine my trip...urs just two hrs
Merry Christmas! Lets focus on the importance of this time of year&forget the trials that we have taken on. What will another year bring?
Tonight's the last of the season. Head over to to celebrate with Martha Bayne!
My school are literally felt with drama, you can't even imagine how bad it is & I really don't wanna go tomorrow!
She's really pretty.
So just in case everyone is still mad/upset about Cody's album release, it IS coming out in August.
finally at Nordstrom!! looking for shoes to match my grad dress.
you're welcome! :)
Talking with all the ladies about how disappointed we are that Ryan Reynolds wasn't in Wolverine much and that he wasn't shirtless. Sigh
What we buy, and pay for, is part of ourselves
Glad to hear it!
Saying white skin is the mark of cain. I find that offensive.
love my #sheexs! Only problem--too comfy to get out of bed. Love love!
s/o to and the whole 78 west fam brought them down this weekend to do a interview with the nu new jersey heavy weights
Wanna get out of work so I can parlay for the night
Purchase your tickets for Pacifica Quartet presented by Friends of Chamber Music today! Student prices start at $16 for January 10-11.
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
And by another job I meant a second one on top of my job at McAlister's. Duh.
Amen and
OH NO, you're only 99.9999% perfect now ;)
is hosting an #organic #wine tasting on #EarthDay at !
homey i didn't know u speak latin! is that white ppl talk 4 "serious bizniz" perchance?
I wish we used the metric system. We're so stubborn.
You know it girl!
hey girl! Follow me back on instagram :p
RT “Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do. Mark Twain
Going to brooklyn sunday so.exicted yay
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe everywhere you go theres always some hoe that's known.
Obama on Why Michelle Was a Working Mom (at $316K Per Year): ‘We Didn't Have the Luxury for Her Not to Work’
we are done...raining a lot here kinda surprised we got our game in. I am anxious to work on some stuff at practice monday
good baby:) that makes me happy(:
that's okay I know you favorite me on the inside ;-)
Maybe with some other Swifties? haha
Let us help you build your business through referrals.
Let's hear your worst computer meltdown stories ... best story gets a FREE TECH SUPPORT SESSION!
I really don't have the heart to say no. Why did I even start this ? Wrong time, Wrong place situation.
thank you so much!!
someone requested for me to cover a song on youtube! :D ahh i feel so special! <3
Ohh, we're blushing! :) Thank you for the shout-out!
Talking with helium in your lungs is the greatest thing ever
we'll find out Sunday. First home game is either next Friday or Sunday.
Great concert by the April Verch band today in Long Grove!
what are your hours? I'll try my best to come see you!
HAPPY EASTER
believe me, I'm enjoying it . . .
Follow for everything GEEK-Chic!
When in Baltimore for a game, we counted O's gear on about six people vs. thousands of Sox fans. Daughter felt sorry for them
That would be AMAZING! Let's make this happen!!!
Lies, damn lies and Mitt Romney...
Got the Samsung Galaxy X for my London phone. Kind of weird not using an iphone anymore.
- nice to see "Monk" being carried as a gender neutral term in the modern day.
its all fixed! thanks for your help.
that place is great #jumbos with
I really like the two new songs!!! you are doing a great job, keep it up young gun
RT : it's full of weird shit... Folks are concerned with erying but making music Wha happened to the music??????
Heading back to from museum, helicopters abound.
RT : I just wanna be me! #Amen to that!!!
Crawford? RT SI_JonHeyman Going on "The Rundown" on from 3-5 w/ hazel/matt. Talking Bryce, Bubba and Big-Money Busts (so far)
The average corporate worker spends 40% or more of his/her day sending and receiving some 200 e-mail messages. [Source-SLA's execubooks]
Broxton leads the league in most finger nails bitten.
Love for coming down to DC for Cinco :)
Tuned the "eyes on hoes" switch off, Money switch back on.
TO'Reilly: Preservation is key: much of our creative output is only in digital form. How to do preservation in a distributed way?
Silver Beetles RT : Wait, did the Quarrymen have something to do with the Beatles?
So upset & frustrated. :(
B is closed currently, we are catering an event, but we'll be open for dinner!
MLB drug testing
These are things you have to consider when you're a tall person! :D
Mom and I are home to watch DWTS cause we recorded it. Lol
Can't hit that note in fool in love for shit!
T-RAW
lol, I'm so glad #Linsanity is reaching you across the ocean!!! And thanks for having me at #1! :D
Angry birds space, I have defeated you.!
it was our pleasure ! Hard to believe the next time we are all together again we'll be headed to Africa :)
The brogramming culture came about much like the wave of failed realtors turned into mediocre social media types -
The space shuttle just flew over my house!!!
Crown Hill is open from 8 am to 8 pm everyday. The 34th St. gate closes at 5 pm & the 38th St. gate closes at 8 pm.
We need your support call into your local radio station and request "Gettin Em"
You know you're old when you become a spokesperson for Buick.
Was she blonde, about 48?
ugh I'm all the way at jacksons have fun hitaaaa..
oh we'll goo do something productive lol
to attend #ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
tell her to get off the sink though..!
thanks Kayla! I like your vids too!
Missed more than 3/4ths of the show! I didn't see Justin AT ALL. I'll watch it another time .
Bring your Dbacks ticket stub in to receive a $10 discount on ATC "Red" performances May 3-9.
Sometimes there is a fine line between talking asian and talking like scooby doo #
btw im totally not waking up early tomorrow.
don't let it go to your head.
“: Just read Jacee Dugard's Memoir in 3 hrs...Wow extrodinary...”recently read too....how scary and sad.
Work in 30 minutes and I haven't even taken a shower yet
I'm in Arkansas now!
The Myth of Fingerprints
When that someone tells you they like you from out of no where <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#WeDontMissSelena is PATHETICC!!. Stop hating and get a life..
Playing tonight with and - a few tickets still avail at door- Doors 8:30-we take the stage at 9:30!
Won't be able to say in 24 hrs: "what a beautiful Spring morning it is." Dislike
This is on my bucket list! RT A Visit to the Alhambra Palace in Granada, Spain in Photos
Somewhere just did a happy dance
Well you just need to fall off the earth and die...
I WILL IF YOU STOP PLAYING GAMES -.- this Saturday? Maybe.
A computer's attention span is as long as its power cord.
Wanna fix this mess we've made? Lets get to it before I get real impatient and find someone else.
SORRY about my horrible skills in returning tweets... How does your week look next week?
I'd get a rinse instead of a red fire truck red, I've been thinking about it for like 3 weeks now. Getting harder and harder ...
umm we can change that we can be friends
When u putting Bobs on Winning Circle?????
we're ready to listen(:
#NewYorklockeroomplaylist #PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist Empire State of Mind PROUD NEW YORKER RIGHT HERE
All my cousins have dreads now lol
Who wants to go to sadies with me?????
#mmauncensored King Mo is a fake MMA fighter so it fits that he is joining TNA WRESTLING
Hahah never gets old
nice job tonight boys! making avon proud!
What do YOU guys think we need to improve on? Any aspect of being a band. Shoot! Let's get interactive!
Scientists have found more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
You have a Brilliant voice! All the Best to You for the Future! GOD BLESS! :)
hey there love. Im doing great now that i've got some bieber in my life- #someday and
Blimey, that curry was smashing. Authentic Indian korma...direct from the UK.. ha! Thanks
this was 's ask in Nov. we've done a fair amount of corporate mtgs. I think stokes sees an opportunity
Truly an honor. On par with winning an Oscar.
speaking of food where are you going to be this weekend?
Looking forward to it! RT : It's official! Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble will be here at UWSP in October!
Getting ready to get my workout on!
Moderating a tweet war between & Prepare to be punned.
RT : Half price bottles of wine every Wed. with the purchase of 3 small plates.
Interview w/Superintendent Garry Mccarthy w/CPD ahead at 8:30- what he has to say to families that have lost a loved 1 in the line of duty.
RT : is a proud supporter of International Year of Sustainable Energy for All!
I got ID at wild wings cuz I asked for a Coca cola.
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought. — Henri Bergson
#ff feeling good
I will create a new pokemon named tisto and it will have a twin named Ashley they will basically be impossible to catch and rarely loses.
Baconacalypse Now: A dark journey upriver to a renegade pig processing plant run by an insane Col. Jimmy Dean.
Watching old people get slammed
was it not really unsettling??
Hearing "What a Feeling" from Flashdance on #Glee reminds me that as a kid, I thought it was "take your pants off" not "take your passion"
It has been quite a while... I hope all is well. :)
Follow the new twitter feed for announcements of exhibitions, talks, free workshops and more!
Learned something today - the definition of a SOFFIT (basically the underbelly of a roof, arch, staircase, etc.) Who knew!
"you can't spell TEARS without ART" really, Bravo? Really??
RT Here's to all the cules who are sitting worldwide, crying their eyes out over the most amazing coach ever.
People that favor one of the Boyz and hate the other ones seriously bother me.
not even a stationary bike this summer??
Big Day for NBA Labor Talks Today. I don't see why they can't settle the BRI at 51% and just get this season going!
Loving Cant stop by now playing on radio1045 , lol by the way aced the gig!
There is a difference between rules and Mandates, I can choose my own health care and light bulbs
Dance lightly with life.
: I'm back online after a month of being idle. Just though you should know.
I hope he is okay. He seems upset :/
Darn proud to be a Stars fan tonight--Great season--remember Isaiah 40:31 We shall rise like eagles
Community Leadership Awards. Congrats to Koshland Scholar Daynelita from ES School - Metro. We are so proud!
oh man was that an amazing show. Best show I've seen since I saw them the last time they were here in 2004.
GORGEOUS IM RIGHT HERE!
Work at home Business Expo, So. Cal location - June 4th - will be featured speaker - come learn how to be your own boss by working at home!
there were 12 congressman who switched parties
l have no idea why..
I've decided I am not going to go to Florida for a week over the summer.
RT : where we get those shirts at ??? ... we are pre-selling them online and at @ QBS graphics now till Next Sat..
soccer! Our team got the muddy field while the boys had the nice dry side -_-
When you forget to press send and wonder why they haven't texted you back <<<
Cali swag district just turnt this place out y'all
I always wanted a little sister or being an only child
Love the banter between sweets and booth at the diner on
wow so pretty! Congratulations!
Rain ... Calm weather for me
Swing by SFR's table today at orientation for info. on becoming a DJ & free merch!!
Our newest version of a Black IPA is now on tap at the brewpub! Come by, give it a try, and let us know what you think.
hey where u from?
Leave it to twitter to piss me off. Some of these people. -_-
Everyone do an #Imagine of either Austin or Justin(:
I have three! One for work, one for play, and one for church.
you got it dude!
Got My MagaMillions tickets. half a billion. Good Vibes
whoohooo! I requested to advertise
Thanks to & Battle for the warm welcome this week :)
What's a turbo coke?
Rubric star great rubric bldg resource #nercomp11 at udl session
After sleeping in the woods, I can't wait to take a shower and check for tics lol
Finding Nemo. Again.
To people in movies: If the first stair you step on creaks, the next stair definitely won't fall through & leave you trapped in the basement
date night of Real Chili and bronze Fonz bringing them in from Chi Town!
Yea, I got out a year early, so it's funny.
Who likes album cover #1 idea??
Love to make pesto w/ scapes. Flavor is more delicate than regular garlic. Also great sauteed for scrambled eggs
he knows. And I am steffieeeeeeee
Being stuck on a bus for hours & in need of restroom is a fear of mine, hence I drive. Also, SO cold waiting outside for bus :(
thx for the follow bck bbe :)how r u?
oh sorry vegan lol
Today is great because u are.
ive heard it
omg going to kill my dad and bill! like a constant party at my house lately.
Waited for #comast for 3 hrs...then called and they said they messed up the date. Now we have to resch AND they won't waive the service fee!
Nice blog! I'll subscribe to your posts....
Just figured it out. Bryce Harper plays real MLB baseball like everyone plays
What up doe G ball..?
Thanks for the tweet!!
<U+200E>''The best present I received on Christmas Sunday was _____________.''
Thanks RT: FundraiserDan: Hi Derrick! Thanks so much for connecting with me here.
they're so good. The last one's coming out soon and I'm gonna cry
I'll check it out!
Ok, thanks. Do you have other progressions from this? I saw 1 boy holding a 1-arm plank (wrap around toss). Anything else?
I have a question.. Who's awake?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Love isnt easy.
I do the same from time to time. It makes me feel good to just hear her voice and then I can go back to my writing table.
I see what you did there.
my dad LOVES his 2tb. Its so cool
so if it's ok with you ...can I have a Skype date with my favorite cousin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> preferably today
thats wat im talkn bout gmen leave it to the puerto rican to make a play like that hahaa
Glad im back in the house tho. Mfers act like they don't know how to drive on these occassions!
"My son has lives in a world without Must-See TV" —Mike Schneider, TV Guide
Good. I'm not the only one! Sweet avatar, by the way.
Isaiah 9:6 And to us a Child is born... We shall call him Wonderful Counselor, Almighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 69
I had so much fun with you on Ustream last night, so long! I can't wait to Skype soon! Love you tons!
Are j.lo and pitbul trying to trick us with this #iwannadanceagain song?
My parents made it tA the Dirty!!! Good night!!
Hazy Cover Coming tonight!!!! Featuring the amazing and beautiful Audrey Peterson!!!
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter... how does that work?
Hope it Don't take forever for my avi to change
Any great leader will see herself/himself as a servant of that group & will act accordingly. Servant leadership...
Hunter Pence is about perfect for this town.
Back to life.
CAN I VOTE???? #PickMe RT : Is there anyone who likes that HORRID core video?
Surrender surrender surrender only
And Lance Ball!!! RT : But what does this mean for Xavier Omon???????
I love purple lets get stylish this christmas
#ThingsIAintGonnaMiss: The asinine ambiguity of this: I want to move the 11 am mtg to market and eliminate some of the attendees.
I loved it - had its flaws but more dramatic than S1 and very fast-paced. The finale is insanely good. You're in for a treat!
#MLB Just checked the American League Standings...Baltimore Orioles are 27 games back from the Yankees. And its just the halfway point.
We only need 5 more followers for 500 :-O
We are tied in a single garment of destiny.Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly.
hahahaaa I really did!
CFA finds credit is proxy for income, limiting access to insurance for poor, raising rate of uninsured. Bad for all insureds.
why do you hate me?):
I blame for all the deaths on television shows after LOST.
Made it here on time!! Awesome literature AND my fav lasagna?!
sup girl u hit me when I was @ church
were you at the show last night?
I'm good. What are you up to this evening?
Thank you so much to everyone for the shout outs and support today, I truly appreciate it and feel so blessed, what a GREAT day
I think Sibel Edmunds is a woman of profound courage and truth. A whistleblower on our own National Security.
Injustice may be eradicated, but human combats and natural boundaries can't be eradicated.
Hope it was worth it
that's what I'm doing for my group!
Here we go with the shade!
new drummer! new songs under construction! this time for sure.
First SRC workout of the year...oh what a day.
Bout ta close ma circle f**k azz Nigga
Start shaving back on those nasty empty calories by replacing soft drinks with sparkling water
Go CATS!
RT : Dude, Where's My
Had a strange day at school my math teacher had her baby and my math sub was hitting on xD he was scary
Wu Tang and Magic Cards.
Dude, you should probably follow All food + alcohol recipes (including our good friend, car bomb cupcakes) :)
My twitter comments are like an XM Radio station without the annoying music. And without humor.
Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!! YOLO!
Last days for golden fried asparagus spears
I'm such a flake :/
I think the Pacers can win the 1st round
Andrew Paynter. Lives in SF. Amazing guy, amazing photographer....
My stomach is meowing.
are you free tomorrow?
Right? Yikes bro.
Justin's perfume = Someday. Selena's perfume = One Day. Cody's perfume = Everyday. WTF next!? Rebecca's perfume = Friday. LOL!
Thank You everybody. This season was #AMASIN and we are all the greatest fans.
I hate lies, I hate the people who lie, and I hate that you believe them.
Up way too early just to go play a golf tournament. Smh at least i don't have to go to school today
Sorry, Tom...even with Favre-gate the last couple seasons....Da Bears are still the most despised team in this house
Tammy is definitely running for Senate.
I hate them too urgh
Back at the workstead.
Good food at SFSU and a cute girl taking orders? Yes please. Check out the food truck by Thornton hall before 2 pm.
hahahah I told you he should have spray painted shit !
Today is the day to honor and remember all U.S Presidents. Happy President’s Day!
Time Out New York says of "The vibe is part football-game halftime slot, part sweaty punk show." Tonight at Joe's Pub, New York
Why do the baseball gods hate the Pittsburgh Pirates?
#WeWontWorkIf you take me for granted.
that'll teach her for choosing FA cup final day
As soon as some things get better, others get so much worse… I think it must be a law of nature… It's the only reasonable explanation...
vCard support is back up! Thanks for your patience!
RT : "I encourage you get behind & together we will retake this nation!" -Rafael Cruz
blocking the Brooklyn Bridge, evidently. And ruining my former lunch park.
Yep, I should. Can u message me it again just in case? I'll send them asap. And If anything, can I send them to you tonight?
it's really2 bored
Paper Tiger TV's archive to be housed at NYU Bobst's Fales Center. Major win!
are either of you at #bigomaha? Would love to meet the team at one of the breaks today.
10 minutes to my first #1k1hr of the day. Gonna make sure there's enough coffee. See you on the other side!
holy crap. Deepak Chopra has an Xbox game...I need to meditate on this.
Thanks again for all the support everyone!
the flying isn't even that bad puss. They give you tons of free movies to watch!
Rinsed Penis. I love it. Hoping he's charged eventually. Also, thx for caring so much abt Wisconsin! You & rock :)
thanks for the continued musical support! You folks are the best!
Happy #MkeDay! What a gorgeous day in the 414 on 4/14
When Indians go away they don't come back.
he's gonna have to wait til the end of the week. I got it on my watchlist.
Tag Hollow comes out in a week or so!
sorry to hear the news. will you get another of the same or something different?
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke.
Please do not do that!
saw episodes of "The Rifleman recently, and came to the conclusian that Lucas McCain may have been television's greatest serial killer.
I swear I just saw on
Yo, , can you make me a grilled cheese?
I did not know that, but man it all makes sense now.
damn shits gonna go down lol.
Barrington , Illinois! We are performing at the Penny Road Pub tonight! Doors at 5!
Tebow as a jet I can handle
That's now amusing that the doors closed but not so much if I got a ticket. I hate being retarded and gimpy all at the same time.
“: I'm overdue for some SOAD.”. SOAD rocks!
Still a huge fan of jets leaving trails in the sky
thank you!
Parent or teacher? Youth Compet. 4 catag.Sculpture, Paint, Photo & Drawing/Mixed Media.ALL summer to work on most fantastic piece ever!!!
what happened?
my view is this should be more a referendum on men and idea of black nuclear family rather than single black women
hehehehehe ;) i'll save some for ya ;D
"What could go wrong in the country"...obviously you never watched any horror movies...ever...
Now booking for Friday, Saturday and Sunday after Thanksgiving!!! Check out my special $85. an hour reading! Nov.22-28th www.Askamedium.com
Woot woot!!! Headed to Keeneland to play some music with the one and only and =)
hm smackdown was pretty good. i want y2j in the match for "judgement day "
Thanks! We had so much fun playing for you guys. The second time is always less awkward so we're looking forward to that
all things coming together good things brewing
Who first introduced you to Marukan Vinegar? (We'd like to thank them.)
why the changes in parking?
My pleasure! Keep up the good work :-)
Glad I'm not the only one who feels that way.
I sent email. Need reply today. Text me or email. Thanks!
Just because I don't talk to you it doesn't mean I still don't think about you. I'm just distancing myself because I know I can't have you.
you only pay if we reach our goal. Pressure.
Ron Artest is a complete idiot.
What is it called?
Why do I have to go to work ? When I'm extremely sick and I really don't wanna deal with customers >_<
The Pride of Cleveland RT Find the good. It's all around you. Find it, showcase it & you'll start believing in it-Jesse Owens
thanks grace!
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying. Unknown
uh, i hate Advertisements !
I'll pray you don't get caught.
well look who it is
RT Curl up with your pillows and your blankie. Close your eyes and dream so soft and hazy. –Pooh
OMG that was awesome! Nice win... WOW! Awesome WIn big FAN.
Have you ever tried Gonesh Extra Rich Ocean?? It's so real it'll throw sand in your face. Ok that sounds terrible, but really.. try...
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
Have fun! We miss you... and your dance moves to 90's on 9. Salt and Pepa just won't be the same.
Maurice! Thank you! We're coming to Holland and crashing on your couch! Meet me on that bridge, over the canal!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
Hoping my family and friends on the east coast stay safe and dry this weekend. Go away, Irene, you're not welcome here.
which Mac?
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that... the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied..."
Why the hell chicks so thirsty?!?!
Do you have the scoop on New Year's Eve specials in our 'hood?? Thanks!
Would it be wrong to tap my brake lights just long enough to smear the mascara being applied by the driver behind me?
Dismayed to find, while proofreading a book chapter, that Word accepts "acquisitons" as a correct spelling.
Night twitterworld. Off 2morrow so ill talk 2 yall when i wake up :-)
Bumping Turn Up The Music on the bus, in a good ass mood!
Really? I like that.
same music?
yea thats who I mean
Getting ready for an amazing NYE at the ! It's going to be a wild night!
If I were a dance, I think I'd be the "twist". What dance would you be?
I hate being in a relationship especially at my school because people get all up in your fucking business.. legit
LMAO!! Of coarse
Does your friend live in the 80s?
Good evening beautiful people! How healthy was your day?
I love new technology, even though it feels like I am up to my waist in a sticky mud...
WOW...that's generous of you! :)
Great plank, by the way.
Goodluck tomorrow man!
LeBron and Dirk today is very similar to Jordan vs Bird in about 1988 except Dirk was more of a late bloomer. All 4 #NBA greats
You're very welcome Amy. I think it's a terrific project on & I'm enjoying it a lot.
we have a close one in Dakota! all tied at 83 w/ 2:19 left in the final period.. Byars to shoot 2 FT's after the timeout
Old country buffet sunday afternoon!?
Thanks for following but FYI you won't find much home repair news here
One in ten children born in New Mexico has a developmental risk, delay or disability. (NM Department of Health)
To all the Teachers & Families at Hamilton Elementary School.Dave & I wish you a great new year.Pop in, mention this tweet for free Scooters
One last thing ....
That's awesome Brad! I think they got it right!
I hate repeating myself to people. like stfu and listen.
We interviewed second & last candidate for Spanish. She wasn't Abe!
it looks good! Been hearing a lot of great things.
Why we do these ODH institutes. MT : thanks for funding UCLA #HumNets & UNCC #CompSim. Best experiences of my academic life.
:) Thanks, boo.
gotta love being in college. too bad im also going broke :(
Yoo. Im right in front of a tattoo // body piercing place. I would totally get my belly pierced ^_<
Google Base. Wow. (How did I not see this sooner?!)
i think my hands are actually shaking since i am going to coachella!
as an international educational researcher it helps to have a list of international education organizations for news and info
GM time to shower n go make diz money
Who wins this week's British Open? Budding star Rory Mcllroy, World's #1 Luke Donald, Former #1 Phil Mickleson all eying major victory!
I know! I'm look... Um k she named about 3 haha. &Dude I'm like an hour away from Skokie, I hope this works out & we all go!
Hawk cracks me up
I hope you are not kidding
97 degree temps + first Eskimo sighting + lots of frayed nerves at the poker table = we are in the thick of the WSOP now.
Besides upper management, get your HR & IT teams involved too when implementing #CRM. cc'
": hey what do u use on ur skin its so pretty n even" <--I usually switch between rose hip oil and any good lotion. thx!!
i hate January too many deaths that happened through out this month and i hate February even more
way to follow up once again. Jets to trade up, maybe not, absolutely not. Hey at least no typos!
good that would've really sucked.
Packers new DE Anthony Hargrove suspended 8 games for his role in Bounty Gate.
I wonder whaat people think abouut wheenn they read whaat ii tweet . They're probably like wtf this bitch is one weird mother fucker lmao (x
I had a joint interview today and the girl beside me barfed all over the place. I can't imagine it hurt my chances too much.
This may truly be my finest moment: "Klout believes you are influential about Nicolas Cage."
they're shoes. like indian looking type of shoes. lol, but they're cute. :)
Your hair looks great! Your Denver buddy is a weight lifter then? ;)
DC: the mayor is now trying to get the endorsement of President Obama. This moolee is really, really, desperate.
yeah, honestly it was pretty tacky.
I'm way too tired to wake up!
I think I just fell in love again, I can't put my guitar down and I am highly caffeinated--totally not touching my homework tonight.
It's turkeytime! Eat Out In will be closed Thanksgiving Day & will re-open Friday, Nov. 25th at 4pm. Have a safe & happy holiday!
Exciting but exhausting!
this is for tomorrow right?
Last chance to discover how to energize your career. Reg for Wednesday evening's event here: bit.ly/qE11Sw
lol why? It's so pretty! :)
Jani Chinese Restaurant (Huntington NY) had the gaul to charge me $4 for eel sauce and spicy mayo on my take out order. RIP OFF
Why does hunger happen at the most inconvenient moments?
will you even answer ?
Thanks for the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Good morning world! God Bless! It's bout that time!
Soco Amaretto Lime
I applied
#prints are available for my new #art and working on a new #show More information in the coming weeks
my math teacher is team steffen wtf?????????????
I found "wear underwear" on an old To-Do List. I used to be so fun.
lol - kicks in the head free so long as I get my steady diest of kicks in the ass!
Spoiler alert! SummerFest tickets go on sale this Monday, and we have a Facebook special ready for our fans! Stay posted...
yeah what's good with that?
"I was such a dangerous hitter I even got intentional walks in batting practice. " ~Casey Stengel, 1967
me and are coming to visit yearbook tomorrow :)
:) Thanks Bon. That makes my morning
Prayers for those affected by yesterday's tornadoes.
i would like the record to show that if I had money to give, i would say yes. :)
thanks.. I knew it all along.
third overtime
nice review. I didn't know they were so maligned
This game is a classic lol.
RT : Hi, I'm Mitt Romney, and I can't wait to find out your positions so that I can hold them too.
Thanks for the #FF and !!
#PacersWin they defeat the #OrlandoMagic in 5 Games they are now heading on to the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals to take on Miami
Heading to Chicago with for a day of birthday fun!
are your thoughts on Michael Brockers? And possibly to the Eagles?
I'm pretty sure Walter from Fringe has the best dreams.
Forreal doe I want crepes.
Ah no Rose is hurt again ugh!!!!
I like doing that...lol
Happy Birthday!! Keep going to do your beautiful music!
What have you accomplished this weekend?
We have 2 extra comp tix to Supersuckers and Reno Divorce at the Bluebird tonight. Hit us up if you want to join us.
So thankful for a beautiful California day today!
The MIAD senior show is always great!
Who says you won't wear that bridesmaid's dress again? Thanks to Alicia Elliott McNully, I'm stylin' and ready for tonight's
This tower is actually a Dell server. I'm gonna turn it into my file server so I can have access to EVERYTHING from ANYWHERE
serious about what? Hey follow me
At the Wisconsin Newspaper Association convention waiting on a forum to start with Fitzgerald, Neumann, Thompson. Should be interesting.
Thanks! We are super excited. Please join our fan page on FB. We update it regularly. Thanks again! Gotta love the 80's!
Great to meet you on Sunday, Thanks for coming out in the rain.
hit me up for photo and video
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 56
I don't know who that is but the concept of this is awesomely hilarious.
New St. Vincent album. Excitement is inevitable!
Kind of like this having all the draft picks signed in May thing
A job is not a career. I think I started out with a job. It turned into a career and changed my life.
Don't want to talk, well text us! 52545 and get your local requests in! #supportlocalmusic on
LaHair is a machine.
Im actually tweeting today :O
Have left Florida, bound for Kansas, late September, should have brought a jacket. Brrrr
when u in la
"Ugh, you threw off my groove." "I'm sorry, but you threw off the emperors groove." "I'm sorry!"
Did you know that chocolate is poisonous to dogs? Only a small amount can really affect your pet!
#Golf If Fowler can hang onto the Wells Fargo Tourney, he easily leaps Rickie Lake in my rankings "IE" Still gotta catch Ricky Martin, Rubio
Not about the soccer field, its about force protection, surveillance and separation for the guards.
The picture and I drew in biology and gave to Mr. Stevens. >>>
2012 has taught me that change is possible and any effort no matter how small can move the world!
So does a little bit of Taylor Swift & Demi Lovato. :)
ohmygod too precious
At work, yet again. Trying to come up with some new and fun marketing ideas...
Watching the heat game at the airport. Istanbul bound :)
Just announced! CD Release for our debut album "Between Tomorrow" will be July 2nd!
"The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts."
aww..no excuse why he doesnt use the number
All I wanna do is sleep forever
how about just getting better umps?
Tonight's freeze warning brings out the Fla. in me. Using my deck torches as smudge pots to protect a few early bloomers. C u @ 4AM!
there is. It's called eliminating waste and having accountability. Approvals indicate a lack of trust
don't forget to talk to your mommy about college visit
Call me crazy, but I don't see #UK's guys getting together to say something everyone is already thinking they'll say (i.e. NBA draft).
thanks for following back. We are happy to have connected on Linkedin and now here!
just blew me, smh.
Chestnut Tree on will move to Thursday nights/Friday Mornings from 2-5AM starting October 2nd. Same time, new night! :D
just speculating
Ping! I'll circulate viewing times for the vow
Hopefully I feel a thousand times better tomorrow!
you r better off working ....
Yea I'm going to be a crack <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0> this week with my overwhelming excitement of my trip ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
THATS WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT GO GIANTS MAN WE WON WOO YEA BUDDY
We all die. I dnt plan to live forever, my plan is to create something that will :)
Still catching up on work, cleaning fish tanks. Wireless is down at home... I'll be back to Twitter tomorrow, I hope
That would be Saturday?
love that video.
the only DIV 1 Mens bball team that can run 5v5 with their own team is 'Cuse they are loaded and deep bench.
watching the beastie boys tribute on MTV
Today is an important, beautiful day in #DC and #American History: the dedication of the #MartinLutherKingMemorial!
...I had a seizure last night and I'm in the hospital. My son and is with me
LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT...NEVER BE AFRAID TO FAIL BECAUSE WITHOUT FAILURE THERE IS NO SUCCESS
block him, then follow him back
Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
In retrospect, yes, the similarity to Cartman should have been a red flag. Thanks for the RT!
Today 1842: A debate in Wisconsin Territorial Legislature ended in the shooting of Charles Arndt by James Vineyard. Vineyard was acquitted.
Jason Terry. Great foul 25 ft from the basket wit 1 sec on the shot clock. Really? U want to get paid in the offseason?
"cant decide if i want the $500 feature added or the $1500 feature — Why dont u dev both, let me see & then decide?" UM HOW ABOUT NO!?
Anyone know anyone that's single? :/
Today was confusing
fire in a garage, shooting reported, over 100 fires, UK fans need to chill
Recharging my batteries...
Bout to start messin around again with the bro go follow him!!!
ghffvfj YOUR ON MY RADIO STATION !!!(: <33 #SoListen AH I CANT HELP FROM BEIG ADDICTIED TO THIS SONG<33
I wanna see your video (:
Amazing day in the studio working hard :) *giggles*
aw <333 thank you!
My Favorite Comment From Shit White Moms Say... "Oh good lord I have become the Mom in the green sweatshirt." kariberi 1 month ago
#BattleLosAngeles looks like a terrible alien movie. District 9 on crack mixed w/ independence day. Just need will smith to make it good.
We had a heavy dew last night & overcast with high humidity slowing us down. At this point no openings available.
they have options on them. I know they might. Some of the pick-ups for chevys are getting good gas mpg.
Its cold
Tomorrow I'm leaving for California to begin my new life in the sun. I'd do a happy dance but I'm too tired from packing.
We are now one week away from announcing the lineup for the 2011 Minerva Music Festival hosted by Bam Margera!
The race is not given to the swift nor the strong but to he that endures to the end....<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Well it worked, my cough is definitely better.
it maintains it's iconic shape and advances technically.
Great TV
Just got a last minute emergency Birthday Cake order so we'll be open late tonight. Stop in for a late night dessert!
I want a female who is gonna have my back through the good and the badd
I can't believe I have to replace my hot water heater
Grooving to the
no, Bogut's kryptonite is obviously a medical staff
3.5 hours until my flight!!
Sometimes i front tht im ok, when really im super pissed off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
| Thanks for the shout out!
His most serious crime is climate science fraud.This will haunt us for a long time. Crimes against present & future grenerations
Haven't been on Twitter in forever! :))
On set at Little River Studios - what an amazing place to shoot!
Please tell me what it takes to get at least 10 likes on an instagram pic.. A picture of my ass? Naked? My life DEPENDS on your likes...
Not good at al sick again...... What about you M
At noon, Disability and Activism with Nolan, Sarah, and Mike.
doing good as well! Good to hear back from you
It's fun watching the construction workers tear down the building next to my office!
After waiting in line for ages at , I now recognize how many subtleties of the UX of the Apple Store I take for granted.
thanks bro ! Hopefully it works
Or at my State Rep office at the the TLR Cafe open until 2AM! ": #Youhaventlived until you've two stepped at Billy Bob's."
I guess I have to find someone to go with /: lol
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores are planning to keep more than 4,000,000 pounds of material out of the landfill this year? Now you do!
has a couple tough weeks of training coming up.
Birthday tomorrow!!!!
#Cinch chocolate protein shake by #Shaklee always helps get me back on track!
Anybody else planning on being up all night? Feel free to join me.
JOIN US ~ New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening RECEPTION NOW from 6-8:30pm! Come check it out!
I love this time of night on Twitter. While my American chatterboxes sleep, my Desi guppastanis are going full force.
I love chicago accents lol, they're only an hour from us but their accents and colloquialisms are so different
I accidentally DVR'd a movie on a Non-HD channel. Now I have to wait for it to come on again.
I dont know how to feel right now. I'm not responding to calls or texts so dont take it personal.
zyrtec makes you sleepy? that's weird.
gingrich loses & is shot into space. his exterior gets burned leaving only G, R, I, N, C, H legible, like in Star Trek: The Motion Picture
Lots of fog in the west shore area!
Hey, glad to hear you're good!! Yeah me too, crazy busy...have a final on Friday...eeakk lol
I meant it was nice to see you under lara4you or any other identity:D
Samuel Cunningham~ Preparation is not the enemy of success but a dear friend. Be good to yourself and the favor will return.
Field trip !!!!
Florida is 3 hours ahead.
Looks like less than 2" of snow on the ground in NE Seattle, but it is heavy stuff, with shrubs and trees taking another beating.
Thanks for live tweeting! That was AWESOME.
Good quinces practice:))but i swear this ppl better get their act together cuz they been so damn annoyin:))
the type to get hurt, but that's the past tense
Easily the worst movie of that year I went into with positive expectations
Goddamn, Panic! lyrics are way too catchy <3
Kind of weird to have the whole world watching
Wish I hadn't read backwards, cause now I have already seen what what's in there!
my wife uses it to bill her dev work and really likes it.
Ohh Well Im Fine With That:]
We hope you enjoyed the show! If you can come back for the post show conversation this Sunday.
I liked "Shut up and get away!"
how that album coming
Stay safe.
WHERE you be!?!?
Oh man! Trust it wasn't us! lol
thanks for the shoutout!
Getting some work done while watching 's video shoot at Carte Blanche studios.
BTW, didn't know you cut your hair!! Whoa, huge difference.
I should be there, may have to leave and go back to work though. I didn't know you guys had graduations during work hrs.
Will not be the last, and there have also been so many more since the law became to be. Another family is in hiding in hotel...
Sexy and I know it :)
#schoolmemories having parties in class.
When you are weak, call on Jesus & you will be made strong. His #Grace is all we need, all you need to do is as Him for it. see 2 Cor 12:9
umm yea!? I don't know if my mom will let me though
Thanks for the Good vibe!! Same to U!
what cha doing
Still searching for a great piece of literary fiction for issue 3. Your piece could be up in a matter of days. translitmag [at] gmail.com
; erryday erryday fuck what anybody say, can't see em cuz the money in the way, real niqquh what's up !
G'night, Twitter.
we need a shoot ASAP!
Heyy thanks for following :D
just your muscles!!!
honestly I think the major thing that most gay couple are looking for are the legal rights associated w/heterosexual marriage
I thought that book was scary, but at least I've heard of it!
Cam Newton looked good
Thanks so much! It was such a terrible bill. So glad we beat it!
Angry Birds Space HD! Oh shit there goes the weekend.
still re: Hunger Games - the stuff-taken-out bugs me, but the acting made up for it. Everyone embraced their character.
Its going to get ugly before it gets pretty.
Seriously ? Ordered Saturday and received today. Amazing.
. Haha. They're keeping an eye on you. Happy Birthday!
WHOA!!! Sparty opens the 2012 College Football Season by Welcoming Boise State to Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, MI.
more like Jimmy Johns. So fast its freaky.
lol I respect that
your only friend
I was just trying to boost her followers. It's sort of embarrassing that "Next Gen Stacey" only has 100.
makes for a sleepy day. Got flirted with today wearing my hat lol.
Just cracked 100 followers! Thank you for all your support!
I am responsible for my own life.
We're getting close to the season finale, so you don't want to miss tonight's #AroundTheCornerWithJohnMcGivern! On MPTV 10 at 7:30 pm.
lol u would say sumthing like that! Your last tweet smh
I DID NOT!
. Beautiful balloon owners is what I live for.
Later Sparano, you brought the wildcat but no playoff births
Not havin a good Night.
BEING THE WAY THAT YOU ARE IS ENOUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I #hope Universal Pictures/Focus Features hire a great casting director, if not 50 #ShadesofGrey is going to turn into a s@%^ show.
Stop while you're behind and start getting ahead.
Tank didn't try to hit an outside pitch 500 feet to left field and look what happened.
Live the sort of life worth telling the truth about.
And thank you for the content worth sharing ;-)
Ditto! RT : Um. Where am I on this video, #Buzzcation?!
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
LOL. I haven't properly tapered. Though, sub-13 might not be a bad goal for me in the Beer Mile this summer.
I sure like my Glock. ;)
prediction on floor? 4400 :(
How does a country where an individual earns 5 billion (how many zeros?) in 2010 have 43 million living in poverty? Speak to me.
Enjoying some abgoosht
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.
saw Paco tonight, too. I'm new fan. Do you know the title of the encore piece. The audience seemed familiar with it. Thanks.
just tried #BubbaChinos for the first time...Amazing!!
ah...#wipeout. You make me laugh every time!
junior. Almost done
RT : Today at 2pm EST: we have a premiere: J57 feat. & "Elite Status"
This Saturday I will be in action at Gleason's Gym for more info go to wuwonline.com
- Trust the Obamas will kick in enough to cover the costs!
I sure would love a link to yesterdays show
I make weeeiiirdd faces sometimes... i just noticed that..
SueAnn doesn't think Ryan Gossling is cute. I'm not sure she's a women now.
RT : umm apparently in St. Lucia lol. My next bday, I'm gonna wish to be like you when I grow up :)// lol Guh hush!!
It is decided...baking cupcakes is THE new rock n' roll.
At the Roundball Shootout banquet. Honoring the best SR hoopers in clark county. Home of the 4A and 3A girls state champs!
What is our business? Talk to 1 customer every day this week. Ask how they see your company, what they think of it & what they want from it.
you try not to hurt me but when i'm done with you i end up hurting you !
need a training partner
'The Motto' just came on, its definitely a sign! Ha
Tuttle camera finally has the lens I've been waiting for. Now to come up with the money
Again, I am a bear, so I am glad to see the unjustified run up in the markets corrected. It is nasty, but needed.
Enjoy the beautiful day! RT : You're welcome! Your support is appreciated!
I wish I could go to college and major in basketball <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
We're thrilled to be working with you as well! Thank you so much!
What? Hey now, I'd like to as well.
I'm using it to record double bass. I love using it on low strings
ah god times :) no slurpin some soup! (Try saying that ten times really fast)
Nathan threw a high fastball out of the zone and Ibanez chased. Must have thought he was gonna try and sneak by a meatball to get ahead
Niggas always asking "we can we chill?"... "When can you come over" NO NIGGA when are you taking ME OUT! is the question!
is it somehow uncouth to call Chen a ninja? Guess so. Great show tonight.
Give urself the gift of good health. Plan time to exercise and make it a priority. Eating a healthy diet is key! Think lifestyle change.
lol uh nothinnnnnggggs wrong with it .
My kitty is driving me nuts!!! >:-o
Joborworker.com. Only $25 for 30day job posting (one states, 3 industries)! Please e-mail us for discount and promo offers for new cleints!
Are you ready for a Republican takeover of the State Senate? With your vote this #Nov8 we can make that happen.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Some drunk idiot just fell into the Riverwalk! Haha Classic.
for others it's to measure self worth and feel wanted.Sex is healthy and natural.
tell her I love her too... hopefully see yall soon
thanks for the follow.
ughh WHY ME
congratulations to the 40/40 winners. I'm going to qualify someday for maybe 90/90.
Count-down to vacation has begun...
Ricky Ross, lets get it
look up "Payphone"
Don't play me out.
And you will still be FINE as all get out!
Totes listening to Hey Mama by all day
RT : Good night all!
Wishing everyone a safe and productive #ISCW10! If you're going, please stop by booth 21123 to say hello and to see what's new at Bold.
'Cause I'm pretty sure I'd be curled up in a ball in the corner if I needed to figure out a way to pay back $100k+ in loans.
I DO LOVE YOU.<3
I think D is the best!!!
Dude fuck facebook.
Closing one eye to see straight
ABOUT TO GET UPDATED ON BOOSIE BOO TRIAL IN ABOUT 20 MINUTES #HOMEBOUNDTODAY:-) :-) :-)
that's by point just help some of us that are trying to help ourselves that's all I'm saying
I barely tell twitter goodnight anymore so goodnight twittertwat.
Warmera Snood Beanie Mask Bandana (Ski Snowboard Bike Golf ...
back at UCF. had a good Thanksgiving break.
What's it called?
vas a tea ajar de pie?
Dorothy Parkerhouse Rolls
dodgers manage to simply keep on winning even with a weak lineup
thanks, mom!
i made it work!:)
One day I will achieve the philosophy.... so much inbox anxiety right now!
The speech was PERFECT! Pass it NOW!
Orioles To Name Dan Duquette GM
#3WordsForYou Choke. On. Dick.
": Never fuck w/ someone who is still fucking w/ their ex. Fucking, talking to, etc."
True, as high as the percentage of those who are broke shortly thereafter.
WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS!?! Is there a video!?!
on sunday (: . i think oo
Pretty Train Wrecks are the new Hot Mess.
blown away by great meal, great music, & great ppl to share it all with kaleidhaphonic
I know right! It is gorgeous!
Tomorrow I'll be at the #ArchivesBazaar organized by
OOOOOBBER BORED RIGHT NOW!!!!
Jazz festers and empty nesters, if yall r in N.O. for the wkend, please stop by and check out my sweet exhibit "Pecan Candy."
If you hear an owl in the night,your friend will die.Okie so Im gonna accep the fact that Marina and Doris will die o.O
I like your picture your hair is awesome :)
its my birthday in 8 days wish me happy early birthday please?(:
I have to see that flick. now i'm curious.
No one I know goes to Mexico to drink the water anyway. Only in country music!!
Mapping slums in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso today with , #highway=madness.
none of them... The standards for HOF have become scary low
When people always want shit from me but never do anything for me <
Thank You!! Love you too <3
Headed into the office for what I hope is an extremely productive writing day. The heavens were open yesterday. Do it again, Dear Lord? Yes?
Why are people giving Joe a hard time about predicting a Giants win?? You should have heard when he said SF is a city full of fudge-packers.
Fulfillment doesn't come with accomplishment, but with effort. Full effort is full victory.
Thanks for including us in your paper.li!
Reminder Billy Anne Crews tonight acoustic lounge @ 10.30pm!
greetings!!!! Just saw your tweets!!
Go blow yourself up child !!!
This damn game is stressful!!! Let's go saints... Get it done!
The SF Public Library does not carry Brandon Tartikoff's memoir "The Last Great Ride." You fail me, San Francisco.
Who came out to our #SpringAuditions? It's always exciting to see all the talent that's out there!
Sweet! Where abouts?
And a great ring it is!
that was about it.
that's why you finished my food for me, right?
I need to go to the ymca!!!!
Oh that look like whats her name
It was so good.
Thanks for the love!
Funniest man alive
working and at the shop!!! what about you we are having thanksgivig unk raymond house see u thr
Don't forget to write. RT : With the entertainment I can find from my couch, with mlb, netflix, nfl rewind, I could disappear.
Line brawl to end the 6 to 3 shalacking of the #Pens from the #Flyers complete with a coach shouting match.
I hate seeing homeless guys holding a poor dog :(
Gonna have a hard time trying to sleep tonight.. :/
Happy Birthday to and to Tim McGraw!!!
Waiting for that plane to land so my sweet husband will be on the ground..
hey can you help me get to follow me if he would i would be so thankful thanks
shit... are you joking? I don't even have my walking boots! FUCK..
I care very much about that sort of thing. Filner needs to show his plan. Otherwise, you have to call bullshirt.
Did you know that instant coffee accounts for 13% of all coffee drunk. Really?...ick.
Annual Membership Meeting TUESDAY at 6 p.m. RSVP at 242-0737.
Happy Halloween
Turn yo face to a pussy hole , turn my bullets to dicks and im makin love to yo shit .
12/29/2010 Don't Say Your Company is Motivated and Other Business Blog Tips MarketingVOX
I wish I could ride a skateboard like a boss. Oh well. Kick push glide works on flat surfaces. Maybe I need to get my butt back on my
Out of school at 12;30 because of a power outage, lml. Now we could be in a tornado warning at anytime, fml.
Heading over to Harpoon fest right now, hopefully it doesn't rain!
Linux cert here I come!
LOL That tweet was meant to be more comical than your reaction. I am a big fan of the show, I was only kidding.
this week better go by supaaa fast!
Justin Jerry Drew Bieber
if only all superstars could be as humble as Kevin Durant!
What would Screech do?
Don't get an attitude with me because I asked you to kill the spider. It took like two seconds.
I want sum
About to see Jacob for the first time in 12 days ashdisjdg :)
btw -- #DropBox still has features that trump #GDrive. For example, its superior re. handling mime types and context menus for resource URLs
Agree that HR should own ee but should team up with marketing for messaging & delivery
excited to be working in such good company.
(that being re Clarke's, and thus betraying how seldom I log into the twitters)
Suck my cockiness lick my puursuasion ;)
I over slept from the trip. :-)I heard the new Justin beaver song. :-)
Easier to say that everything is fine, than to explain why it is so bad
I gave mine away. Meant nothing to me after he left. MT : Fans split on Rays Crawford jersey.
"Analysis: Women pivotal in campaign 2012" is an actual headline online at CNN. Spoiler alert: 70 million female votes might be big!
My #memoir is done, now looking for an agent for it. Yea!
its a damn shame I can't manage to do that crap myself anymore...but I didn't lie lol
Swag, swag.
Please follow me? :)
drinking..and writing..how u?
Last minute French event hosted by Laura!
"Take risks. You are a lot better off being scared than being bored." ~ Words to live by via
At home chillin being bothered by Julie Gowdy on my day off thanks again
RT the strawberries are really good
making brownies!!
for ME, and for my pockets, and for my skin type! I hope whatever you choose to do helps!
Don't spread that around, or the pharmaceutical industry will collapse!
Alex here - somebody sincerely chmod 600'd our server which is causing a ton of problems with permissions. Bear with us. We're working....
TRB-VI What year did TRB switch from years to Roman numerals? send your answer to good luck!
Focused day: Got 2 new DVDs about transition game & a 1-1-3 zone I wanna study, + a John Calipari audio book on my iPhone while out & about.
awe I'm gonna miss you:/
i wanna hit 200 followers son. #teamfollowback swagg. ;D
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine that's wayy to hard to pick
aw thanku sister
im a girl :) this is a fan page !
My pleasure!
#MIXTAPE #1 is selling out at comic shops! Seriously -- Forbidden Planet NYC is all out of copies! Hurry if you want yours!
I finally got to see Alanis on Dancing With The Stars she was amazing! I'm so glad she's back with a new CD hurry up August. <3
Looking forward to the St. Patty's Day race tomorrow morning!
yeuupp(: i even made my friends vote(;
honey.. i'm completely serious when i say my house is open to you!!
It's a beautiful morning, a beautiful life. And is my beautiful wife. Bahaha.
Good morning, everyone!
Goodnight twitter.
You know what I hate? That red or what ever color bandanna hanging out of your back pocket.
Thanks for the kind RT! Cheers!
a great disturbance in the force, I sense, young Shoewalker
Someone should get me a Victoria secret gift card because I need to go there asap<U+E420><U+E00E>
nice! Dexter is the man!!!
Shutting Portland Down Tonight.
We all ugly mothafuckas.
Officially closing on our house on Friday!!!!
already at the NCAA level. Currently in the discovery stage. Arrington et al v. NCAA. More on my site.
It's supposed to hit 60 degrees today at around 2 pm....lets break out the swimsuits!!!
Finally watched Blue Valentine. What an uplifting little film. We especially liked how clearly they address why he started drinking.
Vegetarian Diet – Vegetable Based Diet That Helps You Lose ...
u cant stop kobe lebrons too soft lol
For the next 2 hours swing by Pig and Block Charcuterie and get the deal shown here: 15% off
He made ALL the plays for them since...
VRA guru Gretchen Wagner is also out there talking to folks. We have resources…
ONLY HAVE ONE CHICK THAT KEPT IT REAL WITH ME SINCE DAY ONE...THATS KITA BROWNFIELD
@ ~ Good morning & thanks for the very kind mentions yesterday! Biscuits all around!
Those people were , , and (whose net vocabulary is rather precisely focused)
Just walked into a porta potty after
Welcome & thanks It's always a pleasure to get more viewpoints.
I just got the email about it from your bday too. Very cool! cc:
12 of the 15 songs for #HopesAndDreamsVol2 are DONE!!
LOVE is the only way.
Big discussion today: does the dollar sign have one or two vertical dashes?
I love the grind!
Ears ringing from spirited show. Spending lots of time lately--a good thing indeed.
NYC. We're about tong into production for our next series. Stay tuned :)
They have the best chicken bruschetta. Ever.
Find our missing has me thinking
Ted Curtis, professor of sports mgmt, Lynn University, Boca Raton, FL.
Oregon adoption advocates are hosting a fun, free and informational family event at Lloyd Center on Saturday from 11a-3p....
#BackInTheDay people useta whoop they kids hell a time out was when you tore a switch off the tree or when they was getting a belt
Unheard of things at Walmart, that looks cute
i dont understand that similar to you thing either, why would i want to follow people that forget to tweet for months at a time?
Nothing rivals a bubble bath after a long day
RT & if you haven't tried our Revolutionary Red, it's our happy hour wine tonight! $3 glasses until 6:30!
Griffey wasn't on TV nightly like Harper. Dave Niehaus painted radio pictures which led me to drive 3 hrs to Kingdome to see
Let It Hurt!
Daily GTKY question: What do you truly think of Monday’s?
Steak for dinner...yeah buddy
Tight ass game -_-
Team Skype will be Partridge Family to your Brady Bunch! On bus:Me, Gordon Korman Bryan Chick
Realx w/ a red? RT : 11.5 hours later, I'm getting the *bleep* out of here! Happy Friday night!
did yu get to see him at all??
Cast members like audience reaction during the show. It helps them gauge how well they are playing their character
which requires the driver to completely stop before proceeding & makes it lot more safer when turning. con't
Are ya following these artists
where do yall be getting these random photos of mb? i want to find them....
Follow the YOLO brick road
Woke up just fine :)
Who needs coffee when there's a DJ?? Bring your dancing shoes!
.29 is the number to beat!!
Thanks Mo! You were one of our filmmakers last year, correct? We're looking for more good stuff this year as well!
Looks bad ass. I'm getting an ultra-wide before fisheye though.
for the record, in my dream chose the restaurant!
Dear chocolate commercials, no one eats chocolate in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, normal people."
Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, my , my southern family, beach bumming it, sunshine. A few of the things I look forward to in
figures Pacers blow out Cleveland, Sixers lose again to a non playoff team at home but are still above Pacers lol
I know you like coffee follow me for opening dates you wont be dissappointed
Where's everyone att? Chilling at warped alone >.>
Are you Turkish?
Phew. Done with taxes!
I Cant Believe Tommorrow The Last Day Of School.
Damn right lets go #Giants! Thanks for the #ff!
I don't think it's necessary to send a retweet for a person who's just cleaning his room... it's stupid, isn't.
What about "skadoosh" instead?
I've let people get to my head, pulling me away from my goals in life...Time to get back on track!
I cooked taco meat
#1 sign you're an entrepreneur: the janitor tells you to go home.
Like shut up, you don't know what love is.
hectic day, but the LORD saw me through it!
anyone specialise in Employment law local to Newark?
For my Bengals followers. I have an Inaugural Game Panoramic Framed-September 10, 2000. Let me know if your interested. I have 4, brand new
Our first contest is happening soon! Get ready!
I need help. Should I watch Rangers vs Capitals or Dancing with the Stars?
Five delicious tacos for 350 Pesos. I'm gonna get 5 more.
Flynn signed with Seattle.
still got some homework i could be doing but i think i can wait.
Thanks for the RT!
its new. you gotta listen to it, its so good !
Only 364 more days til hockey season, gotta toughen up!
cant believe how fast five years went zah bday is tomorrow and its just amazing
I know! It drives me crazy & I'm not even in the classroom anymore. Couldn't stand it if I were.
"No Chips for Salsa" is the name of my new rap album and it's a bunch of goddamn bullshit.
#Innovation in #education: Finding difference btw illustrating & enchanting. TKU Anne Thulson, Denver's Odyssey Scnool
I disagree!
#ThatDontMix damn one of the best in voices . Whitney #will be missed
: Thanks for the RT. Appreciate the support.
At for joaquins graduation dinner
This story is 10 days old...
girl your
I'm so used to it it's ridiculous.
listening to Owl City remake by this girl back from 2009. Sounds amazing!
ha! I love hearing it from two perspectives! Cf
I think my new motto is going to be "Put some Shea Butter on it" a la My Big Fat Greek Wedding ;)
Just chilling by my pool!
we can talk about it instead lol
JJ Abrams' birthday party today will be taking place in an alternate reality which keeps his creatures from taking over our dimension.
Kettlebell Fifteen Chest and Abs shoot went really well! Excited to get it online.
Easterly Wind gusts the next 30 minutes over 35 to 45 mph in the eastern Metro from St.Paul to the Wisconsin border-lighter winds after 5pm
what u geting on today
SAME HERE :) and it feels wonderful
Question: How may of you "west siders" would attend a Coffee Education and Tasting class if we were to host one in Delafield?
if pretty girl deserves to go to a ball
they normally announce when single game tickets go on sale I've done it for years
is probably my biggest insparation because even though people were hating on her she kept going(: and i love her for that <3
omgosh hi! no no no but thiis is! thank you so much. #sosweet RT just thought you should know-you're amazing(:
Anyone have moving company recommendations? Milwaukee to Chicagoland Area.
Titanic 3D was phenomenal, as expected.
Your first show was amazing! Greatness Kathy! My husband was also admiring your beautiful red dress. Bravo!
Huge compliment from my CDC professor "Danielle the hardship you've endured is showing in your grade, your going to make a great counselor."
correct yourself you dont know me
I be saying the same thing
I think they're the Highlanders.
Let us know on the next #LunchLine how you liked #HungerGames. May the odds ever be in your favor!
I love
Dealin wit a childish grown up...
why u gotta lie tho? to make urself look good even tho ur a lame... oh i get that! stupid bitch...
RT : has just followed and you should too.... [tyvm!]
dude. lunchables? come on man.
On my way to
I've never listened to a lot of Morrissey surprisingly. I checked it out and I like it :)
Save the Date! National Outreach Project coming to Boston, MA 3/25-26!
you're the bomb!!!!! are you psyched for our music video coming out this thursday?
Last practice tonight.
When you get a thing the way you want it, leave it alone.
Put random letters into their kids names.
I was going to ask you to bring me one... LOL
Can someone tell Sanjay Manjeykar to kindly F*** off!!!
I'm really excited about the Podcast. Hopefully the longer format will actually give and I time to be funny and informative.
ugh everytime im abt to text you, i get nervous and tales me abt half an hr jst to do it! -.-
The countdown has begun! My journey starts today. Wish me #luck!
is back in the USA
how bout this its neither of us so we need to stop acting like 2yr olds.
Hate it when I bring yogurt but forget a spoon. I'm actually thinking about trying to use this straw rather than walk 6 floors to the cafe.
Did your "scull & mule" tatoo guy have a scull/boat or skull/boney head? If boat, OK. If not, maybe more spellcheck & less graphics
Harry Birthday!!!
OK. I take it back. I like Instagram.
The difference between Christmas and 4/20? We don't get presents every single day of the year...
I guess everyone has 2 give blood work 2day...i'll be glad when this is over so I can go take a Nap until ma ultrasound appt @ 330
Happy weekend!! RT : And scene: S&P downgrades US to AA+, Outlook negative
Time to lay it down for the night...work week begins tomorrow!
I expected Lakers to go to Pau & Bynum from the rip... but I guess they enjoy doing things the hard way...
I'm sorry, but I lost password to my account -,-
@ macalester college graduation. Student cartwheeled across stage and knocked microphone down.
B-Utiful day in CHI!! Unlocked Great Outdoor Badge (about time) on run 2day Off 2 4
History does repeat itself. Now, sadly, we're headed back to the 1950s.
btw I'll be seriously impressed if you remember who I was researching when I stayed with you @ pts :-)
I think Imma Let Her Go <'3
Perhaps there is some underlying issue Bo Ryan doesn't want to air in public, Stan Van Gundy-style. Still, should've just taken high road
whent swimming with sam today plaed with the little kid across the street then he left cuz he got bored of me now how dose that work
Can't believe what I just saw. Two lanes on H1 blocked at high noon just to fill a pothole! Traffic backed up miles!!
dressed Morgan up like a dead ballerina and handed out candy to all the kids, it was a lot of fun....
these look amazing
glad you both are tuning in!
Suspend him.
THANK YOU! THATS WHAT I TRIED TELLING EVERYONE -__-
Looking forward to dressing fancy and pretending to be new internet money with on tuesday.
well I am in the humanities, so perhaps Granny is onto something...hm...
what it di
tried to reach out. Glove is bigger than hand though. I was down rf line. They were down lf. You could hear the screams tho.
WildCats play in the NCAA D-I Sweet Sixteen today. Wish them luck!
I love the energy of having the world's best DJs in Miami. Can't wait to be there next year!
For some great low-budget filmmaking tips check out Dinocroc vs. Supergator commentary track. May sound funny but it has great information!
he's friendly and loves women. Good deal for me.
haven't followed it closely but worried that wear there is smoke there is usually a fire
Upon analysis, there are way more philosophical overlaps between Jose Canseco and Slavoj Zizek than anyone should be comfortable with.
i actually don't disagree with her doe, they always had great attitude and always in a good mood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+270C>
such a great cause! I really want to help support this. Please let me know what I can do to help!! /via
Keep smiling...: )
it was disgusting when asked callers to theorize on who might have killed breitbart. simply disgusting.
I don't want to go to school!ima be a drop out lmfaooo :/
pretty is shyt ;)
Well since I can't sleep, might as well get some hw done.
Thank you, I think it will be years before that happens. ;)
I could see Wesley playing back-up two and Ari playing that "stretch four" role.
Pinnacle Airlines to furlough 450 pilots
I don't remember shit when I'm half asleep, I feel like it was part of my dream.
Was digging SLEEPWALK WITH ME as it stayed with Birbiglia's long form set but the second it moved past that material is when I fell in love
They hang banners for CIF runner-up seasons at the
and pub crawl!
ARE YOU SERIOUS???? thrown out at the plate. dumb move to run. going to inning 17. c'mon red sox!!
Absolutely not RT : Follow-up to last ?: Do you think SM is *still* seen as something only for young people?
You guys anger me so much. I asked you at roblox rally and you say Telamons box will open soon. ITS BEEN 3-5 months!!!U lied :(
.....We were too damn young to know any better.
And 'The Princess Bride' would be a lot more confusing.
Milw restaurant serving steak chili?
Ah, rejection! It's going to be a long week.
girl you don't have to tell me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Aw man!!! Do it tomorrow! Lol.
Relaxing (by which I mean studying wine and going to Aria) after a crazy weekend acting as GM while the real GM was at home with a fever.
Things arent free in life, but sometimes the only payment is your pride. Dont be so full of yourself, take a risk, n ask for somethin
GOOD LUCK AMC (:
RT If you live in , show some <U+2665> for ! They've got the 411 on the #EAV beat.
Developing a CV economy where making quality peer review comments count as scholarship
I haven't yet seen a a place where seligman looks comfortable. Schumer and Richards look happy to be there.
just finished all 5 parts of Wool. LOVED IT! Cannot wait to hear about Silo 40... Thank you!
good luck
As an #Aries you will fall in love only with those who are stronger than yourself.
Hey Red Line driver, was there a good reason to lean on your horn the entire way thtiught the station, or are you just a jerk?
If it does, we should browse the website in detail and order the required products
Joe was all excited when we started talking about recess appointments. He thought he was going to get to play some kickball. He's a trip!!!
Glad to see The Giants won. Anyone but the Patriots so I'm happy!
Rain? Snow? #HappyHalloween (almost!)
#foodlabdr this evening I met very interesting: social impact investors, social entrepreneurs etc also met fellow Haitian form REBO and CRS
substitute car for that bitch
We share in the faint glimpse of an incandescent dream glazed by purple & red.
Thank you very much....
#mileycyrus adopts puppy left in a box outside a walmart! good for you girl! you just got a ton of cool points:)
east and west Africa
RT I'm not 1 to complain either. Just trying to help u out. I do IT work 4 a living. <-- #Clear customers have 2 help each other!
click the registration form. Price without air is $3195.
It's always kinda funny when the killing songs come so much easier than the live songs
yes I know very lost lol
Well, the year is already going great! It was like 55 degrees out today. but it was raining. can't get a good thing without a bad thing. :)
hahah prob about 6-7 yeah for Wednesday. 28th. You know it. Turning into a minor league junkie
Your a tough kid never give up hope.
Oh yes! RT : Getting my chest tatted today. Then rockin #Electik with !!
Don't let us pessimist Dolfans bring ya down RT : Don't worry Chee, Poe is going to be a bigger bust than Tannehill
This is unbelievable. 3-point game with 1:47 left.
Final flight
I'm just impressed that this account exists. At least I didn't call him Jon Daily. . .
wake up blanco!!!!
I already do haha (:
Live, Love and Laugh :-)
Congrats to UK Wildcats! NCAA men's champions.
totally kidding but I just couldn't resist
I Can't Wait To Get To The Mil
how much are they
good shit. Yea still dealing with some shit to make sure I walk got some grades that weren't on my transcript but I should be good
is so pretty! xD
THIS MAN WAS NOT BULLIED OR REJECTED BUT YET EVERYONE ACCEPTS HIM TAKING HIS LIFE
Like the Food
u gonna be in the ville anytime soon skidz!?
Great to hear! Thanks for stopping in.
The Vanity Project tees and hoodies are now available on DoGoodBuy.Us!
Turing's Cathedral is out now; have you read that? (Though may be too similar...)
Trying to figure out how suspenders work. Wacky Tacky day tomorrow(:
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...BEARS/SEAHAWKS #TAKETHEOVER (37)...CUTLER & FORTE/HASSELBECK & HOUSH...BOTH TEAMS WILL FIND THE END ZONE!
They said it was Borquez. It was some tolle guy. He works for BCPS.
ha whatever you say...
Thanks for the mention!
Tomorrow is making me hungry.
i need them silver pumps ! >>>>
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
While most ask - Is that glass half empty or half full? The paramount question is - “Are you gonna finish that beer?”
McDonald's sausage egg and cheese sounds REAL good right now
Hello baseball season... I'm in till October!!
the game in Tampa Bay that we should be able to go to before heading to
I can see why he liked it. Knocks you out quick and you wake up from it quick.
« I am candy coated poison.»
And I'm dying to know; is it killing you like it's killing me?
“: If <U+0093>plan A<U+0094> didn<U+0092>t work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay Cool”
The minute our praying stops,our Enemy's preying starts. John 10:10 states it VERY clearly. Its time to become prayer warriors,
I wish I could go to the lockerroom and punch the receivers in the face
1stday for The rest Of The summer Part
lol I went there today too and the first thing that came to my mind was you :)
For a minute there I thought I might try to be less judgmental. Then I got on the bus and watched a woman swig coke at 6am. Totally gross.
Luke never does get to Tashi Station for those power converters.
thanks to everyone that came out to the #doubledutch #chblockparty, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is what makes it magic
Recent auburn alum is coming into town :) yayyy!
Celebrating the journey
#ICA Sonata for cello & piano, op.40 Dmitri Shostakovich. Jocelyn Butler is on cello & Patrick Godon on piano
hopefully you'll have better luck! I'm coming home and am just ready for my bed!
I feel comfortable.
yo we got to push it!!!!
a little late, but I had to get it in ;)
#GhettoTranslations Shit Just Got Real = A Situation Has Escalated To Its Highest Point Of Seriousness, & an altercation may advance
it's cracking now with yo Big Head ass
Good seeing you at Wrigley. You're always a class act.
What are you waiting for? Like us today and enter to win an Apple iPad 2! www.Facebook.com/PODSAlbuquerque
no other way #Bromance &
cubs suck! 1908-2012!! they can't even win a world series in the SHOW!
Roses are red, violets are blue. I have herpes now you can enjoy them too.
you know I jest about your shithead status.
ok whatever..
gonna be a rough one.
#citylife -- if you only bring one bag on the dog walk, that's when they go twice
Bunk strike zone. Hope our shit is like that too
I am so proud! Thanks...
Shell and all?
Tune into 90.5 NPR in Columbus, Ohio for Writers Talk for Columbus Creative Cooperative now!
had no idea where #Norfolk is until today....GO #Norfolk!!!
I put in an application, If I don't get the job at sleepy we should both work there!
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo expect to get a job anytime this year
Thanks for following Younger Generation and helping spread the joy of song!
Just woke up bouta go to sleep
Laying here in my bed thinkn bout my next move.
Beautiful day today. Tried to shoot hoops at scenic park by lake...until massive amount of goose crap on basketball court interfered.
Following 1991 people :)
Congrats to for winning Lunatic Luau tix today! Enter again tomorrow for another chance to win!
figured it out: got the '94 Virgin remaster, a stereo vinyl rip, and a mono mix. I only ripped the bonus disc from the new one.
I told my mom am part of another family and she said whos family? Am part of the Mahomie family since I was 14 now am 16 :)
Meeting this morning with the folks from here in Lexington. Thank you Mick Jeffries
check out those tumbleweed houses, the small house book. You could travel in style!
Dear #BBN (#BigBlueNation), u don't need car flags out EVERY window of the ol' horseless carriage! I'll hang up and listen to your answer...
Getting emotional with ;D >>>>
We're here! But we don't really know what you are talking about :-)
...One for you. One for your Valentine. One for the visit. One for your Valentine. One for the drive home. One for...
Faith is only effective when placed in someone ever faithful and unchanging, and only one meets this criteria - God.
Sober Transitional Living for recovering from drug and alcohol addiction, for those leaving rehab or those wanting to get sober for men
___ your gonna loose it
all of them
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym. 924 Commercial Drive/ #Richmond,KY come by and see us, your 1st visit is free.
Written In The Stars playing at the Super Bowl? What is this, October? PS, I'm expecting news on Braun to drop in about 20 minutes
decent win at the isles nlhe and omaha cash games, lost the plo8 tourny today
all dancers should have training in ballet if they want to be above and beyond excellent
Ahmed Kouaou and Danny Braün spent two weeks documenting life in Shatila, a Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut
I bet West Bend Mutual Insurance loves that
Happy day to you! Who knew motherhood could be such a blessing?
Of course. I'll look and buy u one..
given up on life? Want a city as gloomy as you?
| Thanks for the follow Chad! Cheers!
he doesn't care he want's to destroy the USA that's hes goal he hates the USA
Lexi's going to live. Arn't you so happy!? She just had some extra blood around her head *i think* so the docters (c)
:-( RT : Craig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
Bahaha. That is really funny. ;) M, I'll tell you the story later.
OMG Thank you so much! Well.. I wish the pic was for real.
fog honestly scares the shit out of me. I don't even know why.
I ain't never got burnt
Note to self: in the future, I should not tell my opponents exactly what I think they have in the middle of a hand.who r u dan n?
. this cannot be true. I don't believe it. This is refreshing though!
When I go to that stadium, I imagine it will be like when Rudy's Dad sees Notre Dame in the movie Rudy. Go Cowboys!!
great ride !
Do you realize the company it's in with the other Best Picture winners?
Oh, another run walked in! Yankees might be in this game yet...
The smallest adult waist in the world...Cathie Jung from the USA, it is a tiny 21 inches in diameter … roughly the same as a roast chicken!
What can you do with an old book jacket? LOTS of old book jackets?
excellent, I've been looking for some good oral advice.
Thanks! Got any more questions for us?
da otha person i give candy too
Mayweather just lost my support by having Justin Beiber's gay ass accompany him to the ring.
instead of lol i put without looking love :)
I just tripped on a shoe and fell down the stairs. I dropped the people's elbow on the way down, didn't think that would come in handy..
me too bro
Austin, a quick lesson for you, youngster: You can never go wrong with a good STEAK!“: Hungry....but don't know what to eat?”
found a signed Japanese print for $10 @ garage sale 2day. It's on ebay for $150!
Want a 50 states map to work with on Geocommons? Just search "US States-TIGER/Line Shapefile, 2010" Can also convert to kml!
Director's Cut of BLADE RUNNER.
Bar in Boston or ride at Disney: Miracle of science?
DEAD boiled and seasoned to perfection yeah buddy!!
Mother's Day is Sunday May 13th however is celebrating 11th & 12th as well w/ a complimentary dessert w/purchase of an entree
Dear dad- if men are judged by the sizes of there shoes, why don't they sell padded shoes like they sell padded bras?
you guys are making me hungry!
sleeping over is a big step in the relationship. maybe too big... no?
what's going on tonight bro
Mocking people in a voice they don't even have...
Erotic city tonight!
Was waiting on a wreck on NY St. I'll have to work later to make up my hour lost.
thats because everyone needs a history lesson to understand. Stop trying to put bubble gum wrapper answers on complex issues.
That Seattle resident gets a pass but ONLY because he had a Patriot's sticker too.
Not sure if that tweet was dedicated to me or not. Fight your own battles biatch.
Feeling limited by legacy storage? Raidundant's #SkySAN was developed w/out expansion limits & allows clients to grow at their own pace.
Thank you for coming to see us!
I am being tortured #PDX #OREGON civil rights complaint filed #technology <Belinda Jackson>
Wearing a preppy outfit and going to church!
Youre an incredible person!
« And I got my legs up on his shoulder. . .».. ..ayyeee
badger care plus | The States Insurance
No wonder I failed Spanish. all I learned is how to say "pretty"& "pants" ya know incase I ever need to tell someone they have pretty pants.
I love pouring that last bowl from a box of cereal...20 flakes, crumbs and a few spoonfuls of pure sugar goodness.
#IfIWorkedInThePawnShop I'd have pink floyd playing on all the speakers!!!!
Wall is ballin with 6 assists already
hey lady-do you have an email I can send you something at?
Here's what I'd do. Search by location. You'll get a list of stations. Then sort by report time. Then decide which works for you
my birthday is on the 12th of june u? Followed bck!
way too many! Something's gotta change here!
Ha! Good. I'm having manual dexterity issues today. :)
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a picture too.
Sounds good..:) from scratch?
is excited to be presenting at the Georgetown McDonough School of Business Human Capital Leadership Club today
Klokikon massacre... brilliant
Time to get that workout in!! Don't be lazy!!!
Were slow grindin
BEST NIGHT EVER!
All 5 members are can anyone guess who mystery man is?
I'm back. Been fighting MRSA- a serious form of Staph. Also contracted Listeria- NOT FUN!!!... Continued next tweet
Also, I'm down as well.
At the Basement Nashville,TN for the Tommy Womack Now What CD release show
#archives The UMass Boston-FUEL Compact At FUEL, we aim to make college attendance a reality for qualified low-income and minority studen
Ahoy! We can't wait!
The NFL Draft Has Eaten The World [Video]
hell yeah! Let's dance our asses off!
With this warm weather, I can't wait to go to the beach..
"Oh he's damn foxy"
Actually, I'd say it is quite American.
This is disturbing
Speaking of "bolted on", how many single-purpose apps is your business using?
Thanks for the follow Jason. I get motivated whenever I see a company like Instagram get acquired. Im a fan and use it often.
I rest in bed with the closet opened occasionally, hoping that the bogeyman would just come out & lay with me.
He had the red one at mine too!! Lol I started bass before I became obsessed but he made me love it even more.
#icanttakeyouseriously if u cant tell me wat u relly wont
Now, your 2012 #COMmencement student speakers: will represent the undergrads, and will be the speaker!
Christy Turlington's Twitter background is a collage of pictures of herself. Shocker. Celebrity culture is what needs to be aborted.
just can't quit you.
just made it up..haha
One day of doubt will create 365 days of pain..God hates complainers and his only concern is your FAITH.
Perfect! DB told me to stop with the overuse of Baudrillard ;) I'm nabbing this book.
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food.
This one inspired me today: "It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." ~ Albert Einstein
What a gorgeous day, perfect patio weather in
Man am I tired today. We're dog sitting for my sister-in-law and the dog kept me up since before 4:00am.
Have lived in Colorado over 30 yrs, just now really seeing things in the West. Hope to see them all.
been well my man! You know the deal, staying busy... Don't know how not to. What about you?
is anyone else excited about the new xmen movie
is snapping tonight. Would hate to be whoever she's talking about.
Atta baby Braves
lmao......you are so damn funny...pure in 2012
Over 35 yrs exp ideationEDGE can guide your strategy development, educating you on strategic principles on key elements of a great strategy.
so... i want to "like" this.. lol
And if you need help or just want to chat, head on over to our Apple TV Forum!
Clean Jobs: Silver Lining in San Diego’s Economic Cloud? Media event Thurs, Mar. 10, 12 – 2 p.m. DPR Construction, 5010 Shoreham Place 92122
Wow the brewers are made of glass
our pleasure
Yep, it works in all three main browsers.
"VROOM!!!!"#NascarFans! The BIG car haulers are in #Walmart parking lot in Hamburg w/ parade through #DowntownLex! Send us Pic of Fav!
CU will upset Georgia today!
Texas missed you ;D
o wait! Lol I get it. You think they are rude.... its sometimes true. But I still love them
I wanna be the very best that no one ever was.
: I lie in wait. Happy Friday!!!!
studying for my private pilot oral exam and checkride. bah.
together forever! <U+2764>
Interesting tweet feeds I get searching "Murder at the Met". Today, a tweet abt Socrates murdering a wolf he met...wait, what?
My grandma talks to babies she sees in the store.. crazy lady.
you're funny. And fwiw, I love the show.
dude thanks! Hope you like it! It'll be available in a couple days. Keep checking back! Also, are you interested in discounts?
Reading books, and having a pretend book club with my cousin is the only thing that keeps us in contact-how sad is that?
100 Tweet benchmark .... I luv you guys!
Thanks for noticeing us. You've got some great quotes on the page, and good advice.
:) I've been trying to go since 2010, but have been thwarted every year. Hopefully 2013 is the charm ha!
this describes me full on <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Closed on one and found a great #coastal potential.
#pretty girl life
Thank you gin for existing.
I just got back from walking my dog without a jacket........in February........in Indiana.
Leadership:Having courage to say what needs to be said publicly; taking responsibility to ensure a constructive dialogue, to move forward.
Ha! I'll bring extra next week! RT : we miss you too! Bill just said "do theres really no food today??"
---- Go into a 24-hour at 230am, now THAT'S an interesting time.
Nail shop
Oyster Hour, Baltimore's Favorite Happy Hour, is in T-40 Mins! Be Bold, Drop in for $4 Wines, $1 Oysters, $3 Drafts & $5 HH Small Plates!
Yesterday was a productive day of shooting with ballet dancer, Christine Fisler. A big thank you to Christine and the crew
WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU MICHAEL!!!
#gobbleoff is happening now!
Good bye mailman, good bye Avon lady, good bye Jehovah's Witnesses....
is it going to be like full contact 7s?
Liking me for me and liking me liking you are like, two totally different things.
On this date: In 1012, Pope Sergius IV died, ending a nearly three-year papacy; he was succeeded by Pope Benedict VI.
Thank you! RT : yo sorry I had to run to get my tux for an event tomorrow.. killed it at Kiss 97.3! Thanks bro!
Taylor I <3 u i swear # 1 fan :D but i dont scream shout and pounce (much more friendly) plz follow i have a few questions...
thanks Teddy, we appreciate it!
Just finished watching the smurf movie. I smurfed it.
We will also accept cash, checks and credit cards tonight for your tickets and auction purchases at the Youth Football Fundraiser.
Good friends, good vibes, good night. <3
i like it when valentine's falls on a Sunday...
The new is up w/ ! Listen to it and here us and get a mention!! Also our buddy Geof gets a mention!
Black Mamba comes out tonite
My motha fucking doctor said I need a doctor so I called house n now I'm a pill poppa
I found out as u get older u c through men bullshit everytime they talk, OOPs there goes another one talk ,
Ah too bad, I was with the other night here, didn't know you had done a track together!
Thanks Nicole! RT yes!! I use all the time at work...such a great resource! Nice to know they are on Twitter
Ok greensboro, to get the blood flowing we have a special today only...http;//tabgso.com/models
Rain is good sleeping weather. I think thats what I will do.
lol, as good as it gets! Thanks for the +k's
Wish she was here
Please get cushier seats!
So what go down?
Thanks to you too. Yes, I do make docs!
Sitting on the patio Surprised how many people smoke.
I knoww :3 They are kick butt!
Of course. <3
Holy crap, Lion tmo… I have been waiting for this forever… too bad I have to go to the dentist in the morning…
do it! I'll be at the concert! She can come party.
What happened to the translate button??
Going to sleep right n
the food and shopping
you know i ride or die for that cherry and skrawberry
Love the April Fools creativity + humor. Can we do this every day?
First time in over a year of swimming at my gym that I've left early because of an asshole in the pool :(
I miss you! My hair has been 3 different colors since the last time I saw you. That's how you know it's been a long time!
hell yea dat freestyle set da cd off
thanks for the great feedback and suggestions today! :) cc:
Thanks for the tweet! Correction though, from 8-10 not 10-1. (just curious how'd you find out about us?)
It is hot outside!
Looking for #flowers? Give us a call (414.475.7080) or stop in (70th and North), and we'll take care of all the details!
haha. Nothing like fight night...
and i just got piles and piles of coal plz dont fite wit peace peace is peaceful
One's jewels are only as safe as the defense around them.
My kids can't get enough of Lunch Lady
Just realized I did that! It'll get fixed ASAP.
#LockedUpLovers let's hear it!
I had to tell my friend something that didn't really matter. lool
Please join us for a time of prayer this morning saturday 10:00am Pst (605) 475-4875 access code 578545# . God Bless You
I'm glad they got #binladen but it makes me remember all the great people that he took from us.
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. ~Michael Pollan
I'm going to cry for so many different reasons when the Boyz are performing tonight.
That awkward moment when the girl sitting across me and is playing with her boobs o_O
Incredible turn out last night & ..We want to personally thank everyone for coming out & showing support!
Bulls gotta turn it around starting tonight. 7pm, get in here and settled before it gets outta control.
up 2 after review. #Clippers win
Who knew? Ultimate super-secret In-N-Out Burgers! (Thanks !)
I've been recently asked to work 55 hr weeks. The burn out it terrible and leaves me not wanting to do anything. I'm 26.
8 days. :D
Funny how #Avengers and opened the same week! Both epic and amazing events made in Cleveland!
follow the real bloggers: + the 42 others..
You got money.
i see a lot of little islands.
WOW! What a difference a week makes!!!
I feel good I got some time off its been soo long
Lines for the boats for the statue of liberty is a 1 hour and 30 minute wait today
galaxy kd's?
I thought about walking back in to report my car stolen, but figured it wasn't worth it. $130 later I had my car back.
ah. I grew up in Tucson, somehow ended up at ASU. Yeah--this Arpaio news just seems delicious.
I think so...
Glad I dont have those lonely nights any more
I think im going to bring back the word "FRESH". Whos with me? This is going to be fresh!
Was half paying attention to Baseball Tonight discussing Pineda injury when Ravech mentioned Bs loss. We interrupt shitty news for more.
Why Can't I post a link in my status? Tried in 3 browsers, and with shortened url. Still nothing.
We live in a society where girls will perfer making food to than go to school(:
At least I can walk on the beach here!
causing problems last night uploading live-tweets with pictures from #wherecamptb2012 but will post to blog soon. Great talks!
Andrew ran up the Empire State Building in 15 min.. 1 1/2 hour faster than I would have done it, ha!!
I hate when I get home & I can't fall back asleep.
Michael Jordan is #1 again. “: Bobcats finish with the worst winning percentage (.106) in NBA history.”
11:11 I wish we do work tomorrow!
Klusoz tonight people :-)
For you it has got to be worth it!
just wish the best for your family & hope it all works out, but in the meantime SHOTS!!! You go "Tarzan"!
hahaah, let's watch it again when i'm home..i miss u guys!
and the thrust he did...whewwwww, he killed me...im pretty sure he just got me pregnant.(; lmaooo
How can I connect with you. Where do you live. Cynthia Harris
A big thanks to all the new followers! Keep them coming please....RT this!
Finding there were new episodes of "Dance Academy" on Netflix just made my year. "In second year there are no second chances." Dun dun dunn!
I questioned that as well....what the h***!!
#schoolmemories being a loser.
I would say that that referring to a 2-yr-old piece is inadequate, but she's only slightly more relevant than Pettus now.
Moving day. Time to stock up on Therageeesic (tm).
RT : A person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it, then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion. ~ Liber...
I knew it smh
For $10 more RCOYWYSAC comes with a spiders crawling on you feature.
you're so sweet for remembering. Thank you!
RT : Fun fact: An estimated $41 billion worth of gift cards went unused between 2005 and 2011.
Would love to chat sometime about our life saving efforts!
Wow, you weren't kidding. Roostblog IS gorgeous! I think I held my breath looking at the stunning photos. Thanks!
RT RT : "Teach the children so that it will not be necessary to teach the adults." -Abraham Lincoln
Lizzie you need to sharpen up on your there/their/they're s ;)
I really like him too. Sadly only one season. But he was 100% brilliant in his own way. I love Rose with 9th
oh no!! no more #uscj462?!
I love my family!! I love love love them
"What is forgiven is usually well remembered." Louis Dudek
I'm not sure Kyle Orton is an NFL caliber scapegoat.
Weird is good, by the way. ;-)
It's getting so heated on
#MayThe4thBeWithYou #BanthaMilk I love your love for the force.
Thanks to everyone who has followed us back!
ok that's more true!
Should I hit this strip club? Um...
Watching the Office. It's kinda hilarious!
Our mission as a private postsecondary school is to empower Latinos as transformational leaders to permeate, influence and transform cultur…
Marchers chanting 'Put away your riot gear I don't see no riot here!'
Lesbians should get automatic scholarships for fashion school programs so that they don't look so grizzly.
Welcome to #jmcinternships. #MU students welcome :)
Fraud tip of the day-use technology! Most are still not using technology as part of their fraud management program. Crowe can help!
Waiting for my sister to wake up to go home
I'm buying that jack Daniels tank tonight. It's perfect.
Hilton Del Mar is extremely excited to welcome the BMDCA National Specialty 2011 Event along with
Kim Reynolds jazz band really livens up Saturday brunch.
thank you for the article.
haha, well I don't get that one. :)
Any good social media editorial calendars and/or content planning tools out there?
I have a millionaire mind!
heey im not from miami lakes but i use to think that .__.
lol this is so awkward
ah but if only that saucy minx named New York would have me back...i'd love to go home!
check it out u gone find out
Hello! So you're a director, huh? :)
PDX trip was eye-opening. 1st rate public transit. Vibrant dtown biz. Rampant innovation/entrepreneurship. Can Sacramento follow suit?
Gob's not on board.
The mind is a powerful thing.Had food poisoning from eggs turkey wkd 98, tried many times but couldnt eat them, had eggs every day this week
Can someone get me more half and half for my coffee?
Be sure 2 DM ur trivia answers to us w/ur name & email address to win: What were frosty's last words?
Im starting not to care anymore which is a bad thing.
THanks for sending Glen Gold my way ;)
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.-Amelia Earhart
12 people under the same roof.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Power companies prepare for #irene outages likely
you're a poopface. boom. roasted.
If u give good customer service & cater to ur customers, they will always come back.
This is dangerous & wonderful!! Do I put song name or band name? Or both?
Ha! I'm reading the very same book! I'm on page 200.
you win! email us at and it is yours! :-)
did you send it to me or
FINDING THE RIGHT COLLEGE FOR ME
Long story, short... Her breath was HOT AF and my stomach started to hurt.. :( shit crazy
I've been done wit y'all talkin shit, ain't nobody on your familys triflin dirty dick yellowbelly snitch ass family
I Found Out It Was But Then I Forgot..lol :)
Margaret Atwood: the future doesn't exist, I hate to break it to you - no one has ever been there and come back
Gosh am i tired :p #blackfridaywhoop !
#JAM2011 online learning - can you do good and do well? Quality vs profit
I'm doing this off my phone so I don't have the autocorrect haha
your just thinking of things to say. no need to lie.
Terrible horrible no good very bad basketball game.
You're awesome
yes. vintage cookbooks
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!! I am grateful for the Universal Love of the Divine Spirit that burns bright in all of us and guides us all
At #SESSF and checked out Bruce Clay's new SEO Tools V5 -pretty sweet for $20/mo/domain & very impressed w/ SEO Clarity & Open Text products
Did she say it with a straight face? RT Collins says she's "absolutely devastated" to hear Snowe is retiring
it was funny>>>>good #thinking :)
It's morning here in Los Angeles. The big game awaits. Getting nervous already.
Over 500 volunteers from GE are at Camp Cheerful today for their UW Day of Caring doing major renovations to camp facilities! Thank you!
is in the house and is warming up the room. Just minutes away!!!!!
and everything I do it reminds me of food
Christian, you shouldn't start your sentences with "or". Hope all is well and have a great weekend. :)
That new 2 Chainz video is kinda dope.
what time u gonna be there? Might come fuck with you
is discovering the meaning of the term she just invented: "Sofa Pirate". Definition: Pissed off boyfriend. G'night fellas.
the fast brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
The comparison is way too easy but...this sets up decently to be Kobe's flu game, doesn't it?
yeah! Well technically longwood but yeah
2nd question: Are new interface technologies alienating?
word : bored af
RTRT“: Thang god its Friday!!!!! What a long week this has been”
That makes two of us!
Taking to people in questions > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> Funniest thing ever with
I love replying to Liam's tweets like he actually knows me :)
Why is it so hard for men to admit when they're wrong?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
FYI those times that were being tweeted were the CLOCK times and not my chip time. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
its things like this that make me love you.
an app update was jus made. It hold be showing your Thursday classes now. Can u check an let me know?
thanks for the support, Matt!
Very impressed by #JeremyEvans second dunk!!! Wow!!
Why aren't there more people using the Path app? It's wonderful.
If someone doing "Right Thing" & stands firm in their beliefs/resolve, no amount of ridicule/verbal persecution will stop them!
Why the hell did I pick against Shaka Smart. Turn this shiz around
1986 was the best year ever
no click
Cleaning the room... Cant wait to have a saturday to stay in my pjs! :)
The Polish Rifle - who was that? I do remember Pooh Richardson and the Candy Man.
thanks girl! You KNOW if I was in town is be right there helping the brunettes get back to back victories! G'luck!!!
People always change
so you're some kind of an artist too?
Ditto.RT Hates me too RT Dear Sleep... Why do you hate me?
well...maybe a little.
started a drinking game at Hoop Dee Doo with
Is there a way to make my to-read items public?
1 Night Stand cracked me up; reverse rape pt. made me feel guilty. Better than "rock coat" ringing a bell!
You're the best!
Honduras just scored!
Happy New Year to Everyone. Hope it finds you in good spirits.
Any other one not giving a damn about Amy Winehouse's death?
physics can blow you mind if i can blow your...toes
Just because you hit senior citizen statues does'nt mean that you have to throw in your #work towel & sit around for the rest of your life
Cold outside...3rd Ward and even the courthouse will have to wait for some more heat...should be soon!
BTWBall To Poland help us!
Word of the day: bumf.
Happy Easter, everybody!
Goodnight ! Sweet Dreams<U+2764>I Love You Don't Forget!^.<
Happy to hear on the call.
Excited to see play at #gigs4good by to support for
It is Monday! Is your light shining? Or are you in the dark? Be the light!!!
Interception is under review
If Only If I Could Stay .
Happy Birthday!
Getting kinda hungry right about now.
#iUseToThink mugs didn't want these problems but I see they do
these little fruit cups -.-
What's with the Cole Aldrich "kick & tomahawk" after a 3?
done! 29th in the books! Location?
I feel like it would be really cool to have someone know what you're going through. Someone I could relate to, feel me?
I'm so glad that we can talk about serious things.
Fair enough. Either way, it took you a lot longer to get there than it took me. You're a brave soul, Connie.
RE? RT Paybacks a bitch.
yeah but I didn't do it, timely.is is the tool I use to schedule posts and it pulls in random bit.ly as I've connected that account
will do- we're getting a new STEM building on campus so that type of curriculum is a real focus for us now -thx
My favorite person was just awesome on #GMA. Love her.
THX! Believe it or not I live on busy 4 lane ST in Pasadena. But amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideout :)
What could be better than Rob Lowe in "St. Elmo's Fire"...maybe he's in Georgetown right now. Sigh!
Tobias!!!!!!! Finally you made one!!
are you going to the art car parade?
Thank You & for a great experience at #dcintersections. We hope to #collaborate with you all again very soon!
OMFG I just read my xanga from 7th grade. I was a faggot
BEAUTY TIP: eight great hours of sleep makes all the difference!!
Three of my favorite movies...Bacon in East L.A., La Bacon, Bacon In, Bacon Out
¡Feliz Día de San Patricio! What are your favorite green things at the Inn? Margaritas? Guac? Cilantro Pesto?
Bummer! What's boerek juice?
so getting a #Starbucks on my way back to campus!
Hey Death Cab for Cutie fans, give us a listen! Please. Thank you.
WHO IS THE "CHOOSIEST CHICK" YOU KNOW?? We'd love to hear.. Join our fb page, Choosey Chicks, and tell us!!
love it bro. It's awesome :D legit.. your next chris brown,
The LinkedIn app for iPhone is so much better than on android. Or maybe it's because the iPhone 4S is quite a leap from the first gen Motor…
"Can we print two-sided on the color printer?" (Successfully performs manual color duplex.) "K. Can we get 200 more?"
Pubs and friends are nice.
Thank You San Diego!!!!!!! Wow! VISUAL ACOUSTICS has been extended at the Landmark Ken.
Seems like the only two players on the Pat's are Brady and Gronk's ankle according to the media. Break the Gronkle!
Y am i looking at wedding dresses??
My legs are killing me ://
There is a real, discernible difference between people born in 89 and people born in 90.
oh wow, strong. I don't tell anyone I'm in pain, it's just obvious when I am. :|
Getting ready to publish tomorrow, hopefully. :)
I tell u like ray j.. I'm wit the money team rite now!
And here we go round and round and round and round.
We have steak fajitas today! See you for lunch!
When did lowering your shoulder to an unsuspecting 6'0 175 in boots and soaking wet become "tough"?
Thank for subscribing to my YouTube channel! :)
Your last win was the AFC Div. in '08 vs SD. We beat the brakes off you in '10 and NYJ beat you last year.
Long day at work & back at it again at 6am. Noone else gon make my money! ;)
Wilson will be in the #NFL. He has the arm and the head.
Nope, just #SLA2011 - I'm trying to keep my summer weekends more, you know, summery, now that I'm done with school!
haha it is so absurd! Are you currently readin the Q??? Lol where did you find it
My husband stood up and applauded dinner tonight.
My final Radio show will be Tuesday 7-9pm mnt timezone. Might have to tell my most scum baggy story of me getting tricked into Bondage.
Hope Everyone has a nice Thanksgiving while I am stuck working.
Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson is going to officially step down...but then again he could just be making that up too...Oh that rascal!
Dry Lips? Stop in for some lip sugar to exfoliate and moisturize your lips.
Thank you ladies for coming out last night! Hope you both enjoyed everything and had a great time!
In other unexpected sports news, the Orioles are beating the Red Sox. Have no fear fellow O's fans, it won't last.
Unless you<U+FFFD>re willing to have a go, fail miserably, and have another go, success won<U+FFFD>t happen
#NP Never Give Up by Robin Thicke. This song always makes me wanna river dance. I love it though
Had good brisket tonight for the first time since leaving Texas. Made me miss it more oddly enough :-/
Leap Day.... Less than 3 months! Woot!
maybe he is just trying to assert his independence, like when you try to cuddle a 10 year old :)
I'm right behind you
no problem bro follow me
Okay, #CuriosityGirl is going home now after a lovely night of performance art. G'night, #Indy!
When people ask me too many questions, I get extremely irritated.
New York City!
We had a doozer thunderstorm today, yeah in Feburary! Weird! How ya' doing Tommy? New Hit coming out "Single For Sure"
Cheers Steve.
Grilling out and a vodka lemonade Saturday. Baseball, playoff hockey and beautiful weather...love me some springtime in Wisconsin!
that movie is terrible.
w you're too kind! it was great meeting you this week. I'll start working on that membership pitch :).
Cmon Cap. Enjoy the moment. Damn. Smiles ;-)
Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
man just chillin my dude..wuss good with you fam? How's training?
Yeah Cam, for being too cool. Whatever helps you sleep at night;)
Cincinnati's 1st NFL Football team? The Cincinnati Reds.
liven up the day by dousing something in gasoline and setting it on fire.
thanks so much. Just about at the finish line and quite excited.
Sizemore likely done in Cleveland
Going to the gym! might have beat me in the video game but i will beat him on the real court!
damm you went to bed early !!
next sunday
I want a massage so bad rn!
CP3 confirming best pure point guard alive status
“Women make up fifty percent of the population, and they should no longer be treated as a special interest group.” - on
#NW Think Like a Man with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
And That's Game !
haha no way! In our view, we're all in this together. You make science happen we ALL benefit.
What's the best way to make sure that what your cooking is sterile while camping?
“I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.” Oscar Wilde
oh you mad cuz nobody ever did it like me?
There's that klout integration again...Klout determining the resources spent on influencers. Hope that algorithm is better...
Its beyond perfect to see that Obama carries seventeen clubs in his golf bag.
I want some hot Cheetos t~.~
you'd better!
M.J. Hologram coming out next year for his birthday?!!!! What!!!!!!!
RIP Little Grey. I'm gonna miss you </3
I hope i can get one of my t-shirts during
the dunk has to be
oh shit I'll let you have your time dooood
I think the chick's name is Kiki Palmer. She was on some Nickelodeon show. She presents an award & breaks into singing Who's Loving You+
Post-its, pencil & paper. Why are these implements so effective in fostering crowd participation. It aint all digital
Today in 1996 head umpire JohnMcSherry collapsed & died of a heart attack behind homeplate on OpeningDay in
the best thing to put between yourself and a brick wall is a stand up comic.
I'd rather have much more life in my years, that years in my life…
omg! now, I'm sitting under the blue, full moon in a campsite listening to the crickets. what a wonderful day!!!
Betsey Johnson's going out of business? Hard to believe....
dunno bro probably from somebody else page
How does a mojito sound??? Come and have one or two, even if its only Monday! $5 mojitos...
I found a snail and named him remington (:
yes, cheers! I hope today was/is the start of a nice weekend for you.
He who sits onthe throne said, "Behold, I am making all things new." -Revelation 21:5
ask Carter :)
Gettin a freakin car... been waiting for this moment my whole life!!
Some say what she wants to hear. I just show her what she didn't expect to see.
Got brewing supplies in today!
elevator picture beats elevator music
school'll be out nxt week.Then I'll be cming bak 2 school the week aftr 4 driver's ed,THEN it's bak2school on my birthday -_- just my luck
#np two door cinema club - what you know
Go Runners!
Hi,I love you so much, you the best, you make me happy<3
RecoverRecords.com Check out the new Motivational Merch. Make some Noise
#paleodiet #paleo is really starting to show its true colors after almost two weeks of eating strict paleo.
why was bidoof created?
pacers are winning and all their fans are still bitching about the refs? Seriously guys hahahah
Me too. I haven't heard of any updates.
Predators coach Barry Trotz: “I’d like to thank all the Chicago fans for coming. Nashville is a great town. I hope you enjoy your time here”
The trouble with play-doh at breakfast time: where does the yellow end & scrambled eggs begin? Even I can't tell at this point.
I need to get to sleep. I have to start school WAY early. Blargh. :(
Thanks! Glad to be on board :)
What times does mr Madison start?
LOL, my girls do that too...I just say "switch" when they show me, & they fix it ;)
After driving through Chesterfield County last night, this pic is truer than you think.
I wish she would have listened to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
oh shit, *leaps off edge of seat*
Really? You can believe what you want to believe. But Catholicism has had a long, dirty, violent history, so I'll pass.
2 questions: First, is the covering the #waronwomen? And, chocolate is a breakfast food, right?
tomorrow is my birthday! i cant believe it ,the years go by so fast!
i mean i understand that sometimes the better songs dont always get released first. Sorry.
It's getting dangerous to like and share a product by a small company. It's like telling people about your favorite secret restaurant.
crappy. I hope u made it home ok.
Goodmorning twitter. Someone say it back
I think I'm done contacting people who don't ever contact me. That also goes for flirting, and hanging out. Want me?
If people don,t like the U.S leave,some still live here enjoying all the benefits,yet plotting to destroy the U.S.for religious Quackery?
damn son. Lol
Thank you, my friend! RT : has some of the best lyrics hands down
Are the photos pretty high-res?
Giving Someone Your All These Days Still Aint Enough . Its All The Same Result.
Sorry! It is easy to feel the world is conspiring against you when you keep getting error messages.
"Don't just complain, take action"
random helpful hint. If you grind up Ivory soap add borax and bakingsoda- it makes a great laundry soap.
Good night #twitter &
that's an incredible picture! With mornings like that who cares about traffic right?
Thanks for the mention Divina. Hope all is well with you.
Me too! Both guys I interviewed on Saturday were great! (Brock & Ronnie)
Congrats to , , and on the #USMNT call up! Very deserving.
You are way to kind.. but I will happily take it! Thanks!
questioning the news judgement of twitter trends; though it is my favorite instantaneous news source
"This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you" is especially apt when it applies to bathing cats
Its 50'....technically warm enough for my flip flops:-)
i swear giada pulls limes out of her ass.
At the Fox Theatre for a Meet & Greet hosted by GA Council for the Arts w/ NEA Chair Rocco Landesman. Looking forward to #artsed questions.
you're 8 and your listening to all time low? I thot u wer like 16
One of these days I'll get a tweet back and/or follow from and .. 56 DAYS UNTIL #BIGTIMESUMMERTOUR AH
I totally agree! He's also super nice <3
Rip my friend Junior Seau we lost you way to soon, you were a great friend, great players and great father. Please pray for his children.
depends on the type of guy - does he want something to show off or date someone he is friends with too. What do YOU want?
What a terrible, hollow feeling it is to find out that a person from your high school class has died. We are all on a boat.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. --Peter Marshall
We can be body 2 body.
: Daycare is not what we're shooting for. We have learning standards - have had them for early edu longer than other states.
Worked hard during the week. Time to relax and enjoy kids and tournament.
I recommend as a good way to aggregate & organize web materials as textbook FYI
It didn't work. It got worse.
& - thanks for the retweets, gentlemen!
it was successful march and community embraced us. Quire a few joined us.
Hello ! We're excited to share news and stories with you!
#YouKnowYourHigh When you think this Trending Topic is spelled right
Had a gr8 day walking #chicago. The best part the day is not over!
was annoyed with hubby who suggested that golf club may be keeping women out b/c they arent fast players. No nookie for hum :)
US Dept of Trade will - also, the B&M lobby that fought to get themselves in alone/solo, also anyone looking to stop the move.
of course.
Ah! Where'd you get that? I'm gonna get this for my dad too to go with the Epic Motherfucker Tanker!
You hipster!
i got my education from the streets cuz
I'm loving this & joint. We need more of this
basketball is back:)thanks for making a deal starts Dec.25
do yall wanna do Thursday instead??
How are things?
E! #SYTYCD is on! Bring on the dancing, folks!
Thanks for noticing!
Netflix is the best to watch at night
What idiot invented kleenex with lotion in it? Did they ever accidentally clean their eyeglasses with one? #boo!
I'm being blocked by too. Maybe I'm a sociologist following the story too closely.
Come out to our show on Friday! Metal vs Easycore! We go on at 8:30 jam stage! If you wear our shirt you get in for 5 bucks :)
I'm in such an Easter mood today :)
I saw that Feel bad for them.
Be prepared to back up all your photographs on multiple drives. Digital asset management is essential to running a good studio business!
howd you get out early?
Enjoyed your concert in Mtn City tonight. May the Dollar General be with you. (Safe trip home)
"it [poetry] is not an expression of personality, but an escape from personality." How great is that?! Poetry, an ESCAPE from personality..
I am currently stalking away your blog, and my obsession with you is skyrocketing.
Most of your marketing isn't working. Understand what's working and adjust. "More content" is not always better.
April 18 in Vegas #NABEFCareerFair - meet with recruiters from and more!
Bet is chuckling with news that courier price is increasing and their Internet info will have a charge as well.
Preparing to attending the #SPC11 SharePoint Conference in Anaheim, CA. Are any of you guys planning to attend?
I watched about 2 min of the Lakers Nuggets game and saw JaVell McGee get 2 personal fouls. That seemed to be about what I was expecting.
No More School.! HELL YEAH.!!!!
A girl can never have to many dresses ;0) “: Should be buying groceries not more summer dresses! Lol”
yep ... we have sixteen copies
No, I haven't. Have you? Thoughts?
I got tickets and can't wait!!!!
YAY TABLES. RT : I believe in tables! Reasonable, American office furniture!
Happy Monday San Diego! Wishing everyone a prosperous and fun week.
u gonna be at church? Can u bring some samples for my wife?
nothing wrong with the officiating? What game are you watching bruh?
I wish I could make it. Might not be possible :(
Oh, you have no idea, Josh - the day with technology has been pure hell.
it's the #truth just stating the facts... Out there... Luv ya though!?
thanks buddy!
can you send me the picture of you doing my hair...
thanks! You are amazing! (As always)...
that they are! & yes! So crazy! The last 3 years FLEW! I can't with until you see your fam too and I can't wait to catch up!:)
I love banner huge news RT News : Arrested Development coming back for one more TV season before movie
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>”
Thursday mornings are my favorites. Working at home & sending the kids off the school.
Peeiana? I <U+2665> you all :D
Im not quite cause im shy, nobody plans a murder outloud.
Just walked right by Karl Rove at the Texas Book Festival. I can still smell the sulfur from when Satan passed me on the sidewalk.
Godliness is Bronner's on the nethers.
Okay guys it was nice to come back here again! Maybe I will more often, love you all! Goodnight Arianators<3 xo #PutYourHeartsUp <3
yeah, whenever it'll happen i'll wait :) aj, 2morrow is my b-day.. i beg ur greeting for me 2morrow, xoxo
Wouldn't miss you gals! RT : Who is watching tonights episode of RHOC?
Love this quote! thx!
no way you'll do it
Very efficient briefing by Stan and team. Finished on time! Hard to take notes they were moving so quickly:) Congrats on
that's insane!!
I hate you for what you did to me. You made me become one of the meanest people.
Lots of fun at the Inn! Shock Top Drafts $2 today. and his cool chords tonite. Come listen or bring your guitar and jam.
Winnipeg AND Switzerland?!? How did you hear about the event? That's excellent! Good luck and enjoy!
youre welcome! Speaking of the talent show, I think you should have sang 'all my heart' by SWS
Join us on Facebook for even more artistic goodness - www.facebook.com/ArtKulture
The National Center for HIV infection and sexually transmitted infections provides leadership in preventing previously mentioned diseases.
welcome to scenic Wyandotte County.
small dead animals: The Sound Of Settled Science
Even though I don't like your Trojans, sad you didn't see that W over Ducks. Amazing game. RT : ...I miss college football.
Sigh. BOTH of my bra straps have come undone. This must signify the end of the day, right?
Talking #travel in the office. Thailand, India, Nepal, Italy & South Carolina are the West PR crew's destins for 2012. What's on ur list?
My roomies are gone and I'm all alone.
never cut what you can't untie
I'll be busking tonight at around 5-7 or so if you want to say hello i'll be near Flatbreads pizza in the old port....give me money please
Seen any standout UI/UX lately?
We're going to have some fun ...This Sunday is officially Christmas Sweater Sunday! Come one, come all! Let's see how creative they can get!
What to do in Austin?
omg the perfect way to celebrate!!!!
HA! Is this game in slow moition?
Haha... So you're a natural!
You cynic! But yes, I think every "gain" of the sexual revolution has tended to increase men's power at women's expense.
When dealing with the insane, the best method is to pretend to be sane.
I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick, I'm not getting sick
morning Ya'll
Let me find out ima be eating dry cereal cuz I have no milk!
Thanks for the RT, and
On my way to Dallas for #alamw12 via !
Even if not the "music," how about the great lyrics? 2 superb Don't like Dylans music but love how he handled the media “ ...
Ditto!! :-) : Congrats on graduation!! I'm sure I'll need your legally advice one day, Elle Bodie!
I Would Like To Thank You All For Following Me, And Also Request To Be Added To Any Interesting Finance Lists You All Have. Thanks So Much!
you have a sexy icon. lol love you have a good day!(:
Preparing to host 40 Bratenahl residents who sent a WPA era mural to for treatment. Hope the snow doesn't deter too many!
wise words: RT : “: "What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?" ROUSSEAU”
Hey Memphis: True Widow and American Gods on April 25th.
What peoples said at first sip of Sakiri vodka: WOAHHHHH! OMG!! So Smooth and taste good! Is it Vodka? Our answer is YES!
thanks so much for the interview this morning on I appreciate it! can't wait to hear your new music
Hee Haw is funny as all get out!
Perfect morning...perfect for a game of basketball
Really wish I didnt have to work tonight :/ its mothers day!!
Say word?
I'm single , I'm watching porn all day! Let the love run free! In HD!
So many people are complaning about Directionators got VIP and i think its dumb too. I didn't get VIP but I'm just Happy I am going.
like my aunt always says and you can use it in this senario.. "I might be late but I'm always on time" ;-)
And years ago, those whose (now-ID'd ASD) quirks were more noticeable & deemed disruptive to society, were often institutionalized.
gorgeous huh? Makes me so happy
Did You Know? The breeds most recently recognized by the AKC are the Irish Red & White Setter, Pyrenean Shepherd & Norwegian Buhund
Just saw an asian family searching this parking lot for their hundai..
I'll be there eventually, in a meeting that is running late. Might try to find you all afterwards
Humans/Locust/Lambent :: Humans/Covenant/Flood
Please tell me you're joking. Melissa Joan Hart, Adrian Grenier, the last truly '90s classic.
Currently in Dallas Texas. Waiting for a whack connecting flight to JFK.
Its sad how many people are posing as celebrities on Twitter. Bro we're not stupid... the celebrities have the checkmark.
Tea solves all of life's problems.
just killed my self with yard work...now UPS to deal with horrible employees
Haha Justin stays making me laugh! xD
If a girl is butt ugly would a BJ be anal sex also?
why doe ? lol
Did the Tin Man really have it so bad? Life would be so much easier without a heart to break.
Indeed it is ! lol
I have tickets to the US tour(: this year AND next year(:
you'll LOVE it it's SO PERKY
nope not at all lol
Good Mornin folks! Life is an opportunity, benefit from it.
Butter beer at Hogmeade
Just installed Twitter on the phone
There seems to be a glitch in the radio feed! If you're listening, please hit refresh!
let us know what the survey results are!
#uwgrad getting ready to lead the official party to the stage. Congrats to all the graduates!
My mama told me when I was young, we're all born superstars. Na ah. She didn't.
Add your unique ingredients to the mix. Be real. Express yourself. Uncloak your originality and manifest your pure potential.
Indeed! Can't wait.
Thanks for the RT.
I'll miss you to GURL :)
Belt. Definitely belt. Favorite jeans are hard to replace.
I read Sarah Macdonald's memoir while I was in India. I thought it was really insightful and honest. A good read!
They tell me you blue sky's fade to gray. They tell me your passions gone away, and I don't need no carryin' on!
Squee! #YPWeek lunch and learn finally here.
Wanna get on my level? Finish Iron Maiden B2 on Vagrant Story on the first* run. Then we'll talk.
Come with your sexy one to the Aladdin #hotel tonight. We make your fantasies a reality.
Omg my mom won't take me to mcdonalds so I can use their wifi. Kill me.
remind myself I'm not a quitter
HANDSTAND ACTION.
A lot of news to share with you from the national higher ed survey on course evaluation. Washington Hall at 1:45pm
Went running with my mom. My hair started falling, i asked her if i looked like a hotmess, she goes "ughh no you just a mess" ah yeah.
and might benefit from a nice crumb cake right about now.
I just sent in the volunteer form for the Help Desk. I'll let you know what happens!
Trying to decide which is worse: The Marlins Home Run Structure or The "New" Steelers Throwback Uniforms...
Of course! We sure do love our Chicago Dogs!
RT : RT Let everyone know they can support Charity: Water with the pungle.me app! Any questions, send them to me!
Itz ok big bro..I've been busy with my dance crew too...
many city parks in SF were remodeled in the last five years, dolores park was recently redone and is epic
That A Great Song =D Awesome
lol let me know if u go get it or not lazy
Blowing on his overgrown pitoodle stick & reaching through the thicker places in r heads intelligence was never ever surely this hard 2 find
Switch the gym :)
It angers me when, in response to the idea of lowering taxes, people respond with something about the rich being greedy and selfish.
YAY! I am glad you like it! I'll give you yours next week.
and of course my new ones!<333
By the way, reputable companies carry insurance
as she could be. I really hope she gets a recording contract. She deserves it!
Too funny!! Happy Birthday Hope you gals had fun...Pretty pic for sure!
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
I'm ready for spring break !
Loved the article on Trevor Story. One of my favorite prospects, as well.
Yay! See you there
Yup, we did it, check out for updates on movies/TV shows that should have been
is at Milwaukee Irish Fest for a spiffy meeting.
Glad you like my blog tag line. It's something I strongly believe in and is at the core of all my years in education
Early dissmisal today during 4th Prd... I don't want to go to school tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> ..#Summer << Hurry UPP!!!!
Thanks for the RT !
That was her???
I'm top chef, you top ramen, I'm top shelf
do you carry stink bombs in your hoodie pouch just in case it is the Nissin Maru?
I'm sorry. Ferris never would have sold out. And he for damn sure wouldn't be driving a CR-V. Go watch the movie again, people.
who gets a better work out.. the ball boys who run and pick up tennis balls at the net or the sweat mop guys at basketball games?
Good morning, Ms. Stroop. *kneeling down* And why did I tie you up?
Why is she holding the mic like that?
haha, no worries! Right now I'm working on the 2nd script of a 3 part series. It's my baby. What are you working on?
Relationship stages: strangers -> acquaintance -> friendship -> crush -> dating -> relationship -> breakup -> "friends" -> strangers.
getting everybody "lai"d at school ; )
lets get Vegas married
been a good few days this week, feeling happy and grateful .
What yall talking bout twitter
missed this one. :-( is it a recorded webinar?
You have to give it up for the MAN!
Thanks a million Gizmo love! Have a fab weekend!
Got to straighten the hair lol Guess it is a pain to fight nature
Fudge Physics, Fudge Precalc, Fudge Work.
Everyone should contribute to our recovery - -Gov Mitch Daniels.
As soon as the game was over the calls started pouring in with cards fans doing impromptu CARDS chants. Even the station owner called in.
Our next show is Nov 3 at 111 Minna in SF. And guess what? It's FREE!
That sounds like a good time all around :)
Panic as in, "you mean this paper exists for more than a moment in time!?"
why can't you?
OH from "If we do this right no one will need onboarding or offboarding again, because it's all in #Socialtext."
So has 3.5k, 9k and #sacbeerweek only has 767. Where's the sac pride? Follow and RT us to join the movement!
Going to my mom's for breakfast. Happy Mother's day, mom. I love you!
Yay! I got an Orange Scone! Yum!
There are some great events coming to E-Villa this week! Check back to hear about what we have lined up for you.
Ed Hardy cologne actually smells really good... unfortunately it's Ed Hardy.
Charlie Brown
Same. RT All my friends are taking their exams. I do not envy that one bit. Thank you
Amy G. you are the winner of our picture! Tweets us and DM us so we can get your address to send it to you!
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
so do you got bbm
can't for your video!!!! ah excited!
I support retrocession of DC (to the moon).
what are you having crappy weather in NY????
Afterschool program starts Aug. 22 and we need volunteers from 3-5 daily! Let Josh know if you can help: !
Am I stressed out?? OMG Yes I am!
#lodlam Dreaming LOD impact in 10 years for a researcher <-curable, citable, hyper-annotated knowledge, media, power to discover, standards
best of luck!!! Tackle those 40 miles like its your job!!!
IT'S PIZZZZAAA SUNDAY BITCHES
#ItsAwkwardWhen you are having an argument with your significant other and you're thinking, "Would you shut up and kiss me?" And they don't.
the real PAM GRIER HAS DOUBLE D's do you
Slug speaks nothing but truth.
Hooray for 2012!
“: follow back?” chyaaa
In response to Seau question, Rex Ryan says one of his sons had concussion last year, but is OK with him playing sport.
It was 32 years ago today that the USA hockey team beat the Soviet Union Do you belive in Mircales yes 4-3
“I met a bad red bone, I took the bitch home, I asked her what she want to watch, she said surely not The Throne.” love wayne
NBC called Go On and The New Normal its best new comedies next season
The Library of Congress is now archiving every single tweet ever posted on Twitter. BACON. SEXY. BOOBS. Done.
How do you study for math? Well figuring it out and doing it somehow
because there were so many people just ripping it off on MW2 and that only had some technology in it now this one has more
Thank you!
right? thank you. excellent album. Best live album IMO :-)
I heard! Didn't watch game bec I was out to dinner for my birthday. Wld have loved to see it.
Voice activated Keurigs! - Make it happen, people who usually make that kind of stuff happen.
Millennial Media files for IPO on $69 mil in gross revenue, call it ~$35 mil after publisher pay outs. Will be watching & rooting with vigor
ikr? Haha isn't it the same shirt for the BIOS vid?
Watching Ghost Hunters wishing I was ghost hunting
searching for Marketing Manager candidates in South Florida; must have CPG or food experience #hiring #miami #marketing #cpg #resume send t…
who wants me to explain the book of Exodus anyone
Excited to get my copy of #cardsagainsthumanity once they are in stock later this week.
Pack supports the Ads.....why all the hating on the Pack?! A-Rod will bring us back in 2nd half! GO PACK & ADS!
Bite Of Minnesota: Custard Tea Cake With Raspberries
Larry Lewis USC commit will not quaify academically..Lewis will open back up his recruitment and head to prep school.
Aramis Ramirez won’t re-sign with the Cubs
I just want today to be over with already.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Tomorrow we rebel against techno in the erg room.
Rt ": Be kind to your bird's and you goat's! "
RT Lean Startup: Finding a product/market fit is the hard part; eliminate waste & resolve uncertainty far sooner, for less money
I must figure out a way to get cable back in my life in order to watch Beavis and Butthead again.
Just got back from Detroit!!! Done taping the Yobi.tv film !!!
This nigga is messy as Fuck man..
Why does fear meet the desperate man and not charity? The weight of the world is itself.
what do you make of the Pats/Bills game today?
Hey twiggah missed u guys !
“: Not proud of this, but I always have to pick one person to hate to get through an exercise class”
But I really have to think of a concept for this video I gotta storyboard. do it do it do it
My favorite treat is the lollipops
Fuck Twitter for not letting me change my background .
And when am i not right??
Scotland that is cool, I am from the states
I love it when the Welfare Dept pays for client's beauty school tuition.
Jolted me awake too, but kids jjust slept through it.... RT : Well... now I am awake
If goes to UCLA with I'll be a bruin fan next year!
Now<U+2605><U+2605>Following
Enjoying My Sunday!!!
I am, but never use it. However, that widget might get me back over there. So cool!
has been known to throw a club or two in his day. Unfortunately, he's working
RT : Happy Sunday! Would you do me a favor? Retweet this and Have a wonderful day :)
Panama city beach :) watched the sunset... Starting our night soon
Words don't exist for my feelings. Oh.
You live in a regime based on institutional racism & apartheid for non-Jewish residents, and call #Israel a democracy
Good morning you Kings of Commerce, you Princes of Digital Content and Delivery. What fresh news are you laying on us this fine morning?
just commented on your post. i love it and am SO proud of you :)
So glad the #sixers got rid of Hip Hop... So creepy!!!!
awesome desktop background go!
hope you've worked on your shot.
Happy birthday ~~~>
hahaha. People just taking forever to get their clothes...I mean really, where is common courtesy these days?!
Q2- value for sponsors if properly activated/planned - at issue: multiple name changes could drive down value of property
crazy, I'm in the Pacific NW on Comcast and still getting it. What analytics do you use, Flurry? We are looking for alternatives.
Bed time.
where is the new venue?
Sign up today and experience music like never before! www.iBand.me
At LAX. All I see are stilettos, but it's OK because Miley gave me the memo.
Watching the race with John. It's been a long week!
haha on the drums, looks like balls! See it? ;) lol
Awesome, doggie seatbelts rock!
'W' and 'A' are the hardest letters EVER to kern. It's unreal how long i've been trying to get these to work in a logo. *Facepalm*
~ Hey Arsenio tell me how Cheryl Tiegs looks after all these years?
sloppy joe night tomorrow in 311, 730 pm
Big photo shoot for the company today @ 1:00pm in downtown Portland!! Revamping the product line.
Fortune: "kisses mark the minutes on the dial of love"
Is skin color still a touchy subject for Blacks? E-mail me at and you could be featured in next week's paper.
Dele Onabowu thanks for add! Keep in touch!
": check out my band WWW.facebook.com/ohthemomentband" do what this kid says! We did!
Just did a solid 30 mins of practice...ill to back out later but I'm really hot and I don't feel like being hot today...
is on a RT RAMPAGE!
is a baby. Also a nice guy. Just not very talented in the graphic arts.
Pandora+moscato+cleaning=productivity
Its crazy how nice the weather is right now in Seattle.
I mean do we really need to hit bottom in order to win? This is the worst managing since Grady little!
Perhaps Glory Foods needs to remove that line about your being President and CEO from their website then.
Totally NOT a morning person...so, if I say that I'm not coherent enough to carry on a verbal conversation, back off!!
Just found "Wisconsin Foodie" on Channel 21
Damn. You're right. It really is a mature medium.
Blake griffin is tryna get on shaqs level with these free throws
Education is an investment in yourself so u need to take the losses if it goes bad ie struggle to pay the loan plus interest.
What's ur top pic 2 win Sound Mixing #Oscars2012? The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hugo, Moneyball,Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
RT : Tripoli residents receive text messages urging them to "go out into streets to eliminate agents with weapons", says resident
fear is a friend that's misunderstood
good idea!
RT : Study: Each additional year of school for a country's women cuts the # of kids who will die before age 5 by nearly 10%...
and loss of confidence in Americans
& arnt coming to school 2day ... PERFECT timing girls ! -__________- better hope HE doesn't "ask any questions"
In this "mid-career, mini-retrospective of strong, vibrant, flashy colored canvases and sculptures...is a show that overwhelms the viewer."
Great webinar on innovation in 3-D. Loved the idea of using sticky notes to track "not fully formed" ideas!
Miss you! Have to come to Wales when I am back for a week in June! <3
that was fast “: No we do not.”
You own a machine. Each time it breaks, there stands a technician wearing one wooden shoe begging for your current technician's job.
Plays posted today from 141 cappers and consensus pks from their plays total 4 in college and 1 NA on the 76ers +3' . See ya at the window
Yesterday is history, Tomorrow is a mystery, Today is a gift... That's why they call it the Present
ohh he won't a kiss and everything is resolved. lol xD jk
Its your moment you can own it, its the American dream, You wanna be famous FAMOUS.
Happy birthday to the one I hate.
Money over everything l... Nah
I be on that "prison break" shit
Next: Kara Hadge of the British Council about the role of Social Media
we all know you ate taking VCU over IU
Great BANG for your BUCK:::::NCAAB PACIFIC ML +750
Tweet me <3
signed up! Can't wait to see yo peekchas
Just lost a really good friend. Hopefully he and will talk sometime in the next century. Oh well
just went off in a tdm. 29-10... 100 kill game. On
can it be an apology if you continue to lie about and insult the person?
YOU NEVER TEXTED ME :( #thathurts #textmenow k thanks i love you <3
It's amazing how someone you thought you knew completely, can become a complete stranger in a matter of seconds.
whew! Lol I've been in your shoes not too long ago.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for being such a great service to the community.
WOW Coyotes !!! Wow, wow, wow!
the tiny cross stitch that i started last night suddenly began to resolve into an image! i love when that happens
I know....here he goes again, my my never let you go, Joe Jonas!
nothin much just eating & watching tv ahah lazy night.. What about you?
^.^ you are so my favorite person :>)
#GWU, have you seen our healthy vegan options in J Street? They have never looked so delicious!
true. Never knew he heard NFL cases before reading that.
look up Lee Smith he can't be any worse at 60. Heck let's get the Farns back from Tampa. Lol
Congrats!!! I have a few frienss I help every year with that :) get it!
YEAH BUDDY
I don't understand why people call things gay. Suddenly a sexuality is an insult? I don't see anyone saying 'Ugh, that's so straight'
haha. It's a very common mistake. :) So nice to meet you !
followed :D
At the break, #Badgers sporting a nice lead, 17-9, with 11:04 left. Both teams shooting well so far.
so lovely sis! Have a great weekend
It's a horror movie I believe
: of course not. 1) It's the car's fault. 2) It's the person's fault, too. Be situationally aware--Scout's code 2.0.
New neighbor cookouts. Coming soon to a block near you.
Feeling inferior has to be the most painful thing ever.
A phone call from is the best way to start the day.
Aw, last time in club room area as an undergrad with all the cool kids there! :( [being in school in the Summer doesn't count]
Let's go!!
yeah but they end up looking so fake
Finally off work
Thanks for the twitter guide for our class! Great help.
10 more days :/ til I turn 28... Lemme get thru this shift in the psych ward so I can have Bday supper with my parents at Chateau tonite :)
I'm glad they got a deal, but it's true, the real world is a beast
I doubt it would happen, but it's one of my refurbishment fantasies. :)
Pretty lesbians :) >>>
Some of the happiest people in the world, are the best actors...
#Celtics and #Hawks tied 40-40 at halftime in Game 5. Rajon Rondo knocked down three ball at the buzzer to even score.
How can some employees coming down to Bristol meet Jimmie? We are from the store that finished 2nd in nation in store cup!
no, we both know you enjoyed it. S-a-f-e-t-y safety dannceee
yeeeh jason he came to mexico for summer went to the beach (:
Pretty much confirms my point.
rachel is TAKING DOWN michael steele right now!
I think its gonna be a god day :)
Great Saturday Harry. Hope yours is the same.
Sweating it out at the gym after long day @ work :))))
I love mine.
Check out the promo fashion video Performance by SmithRadio Mucho deniro
Prairie Life, Fitness World West, 7 Flags....
I am a Manning and no relation! What did I do to you? Things I don't care about: 6) any Manning
It's National Walking Day! Join us downtown at the World Trade Center @ noon for a kick-off event & walk along the waterfront.
Quick nap to recharge
- why? he's young, signed for 2 years at good price, fills hole at 1st and lineup, gets headstart on competing in 2011.
I'll engineer for you. What I gotta do.
I don't want a unicorn, I want the RAINBOW!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088>
It's been a depressing couple of days. And for someone who very rarely gets depressed, it's unusual. Well, there's tomorrow.
Happy Holidays to you....
Stayed near bukit bintang while traveling this summer. Great food city!
Have u ever put yo head out tha window on the intersate like a dog??? Cum on be honest.
Great Content..Much Love..Follow Back.
you 2 are so on the money! I love my family, but I love them more with wine!! Happy Thanksgiving!!
Dear bank, how am I supposed to convince you YET AGAIN that my acct isn't under fraud if no one on the phone will pay attention to my name?
This is just the beginning of many journeys to come
Excited about the possibility of yall sponsoring a "Streak". www.CityStreak.com.
Great dinner at the Farmer's Cabinet. Now off to the Mousetrap.
Thank you!
A very special good morning to all those who supported my fundraiser! A special shot out on twitter to ! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
Thanks for the retweet! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I want to buy you a beer.
wtf?! How do you steal $7 Mil of fuel??
Congrats to Octavia Spencer. It was a beautiful performance full of heart, depth, comedy, raw emotion and power.
It's been a pretty good day...that's all I got but I figure it's worth a mention! :-)
Nope I'm not. Might have someone I could put you in touch with that will be at the #ChicagoTattooConvention in Feb though
Any problem on your account? why did you keep sending spam message to me as direct message!!????
So much good music is ruined by vocals.
#MenNeedToQuit fronting ....Real ass or Fake ass...youd still put it on her...
You are awesome.
Not to judge, but the group of people doing dumbbell lunges down Water St. look a bit like . . . (wait for it) dumbbells.
the prices this year were so expensive!
Why yes I AM starting Deep Space Nine from the beginning on Netflix. #nerd Love this theme song.
Me and walkin lookin for some green
It is done this way: count the number of chirps in a 15-second period, and add 37 to the total
please go thumbs down on the LLW video, top comment! guy's a fucking pirate!!!
nope I hope you can come you will enjoy... Promise...
seems to be going around. I've received similar DMs from others.
NUMBER GAME!!!! Tweet me numbers! Only doing a few
I'm not sure what kind of hair style she needs but she definitely needs something to eat
Film crew is here from the Discovery Channel!
Some dance like frost bite, affecting the extremities first. Others like yoga, starting at heart center.
RT : Three years ago today, 31.8 million Americans were on food stamps. Today, that number is 45.6 million.
no picture, what a tease?!!!
If God can raise dead people physically, he can raise people who are dead emotionally, a dead marriage, or dead career. He can do anything.
Ever feel the urge to skin someone, wear their face, sing Goodbye Horses, and do a kooky dance????
No matter how talented you are not everybody is going to like you but thats life, Just stay strong - Justin Bieber
#myweakness down to earth guys :D
It's already waiting for me on the boat. :)
I'm #onwave, too
Hard work pays off
So excited to buy new album #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin after school! The whole album rocks! #WarOfChange &
no I not on twitter doing something random lol. I'm just playing my wii.
Huh, so doing that wipes my hard drive too.
Researching informational health science sources. Suggestions welcome.
": See ya tonight ! #itsmybirthday!" Happy Birthday....great way to spend it!! ;)
Are you with the same organization.. freedom agenst blisters organization. 'kellinquinn
the annoying crinkling noise from unwrapping a twinke in class
okay i'll call you
In my middle school you could only carry a knife If the blade was under 1 inch because it takes at least an inch to kill a 10 yr old.
IIUG and Informix Break New Records
FOLLOW #Juspressplay for great quotes and takes.
Hi Dori! Wanted to reach out about a family Dallas event but couldn't find contact info. What's the best way to get in touch?
Same Q I had after Tim Lenoir's "Premediating Neurofutures" talk earlier this semester: What are ethics of the pre-perceptual?
The seminar even included management and administration skills
not too many veggies or too spicy before the show! Don't want those near you smelling smells...:)
THEY GOON BROS SOUJAH DON'T KNO THEM NIGGAS
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. -Winston Churchill
Of MS Office or its output? Typical if it refers to that version (different licenses for different user groups).
RT : Guess who's going to have a Twitter Town Hall? is! Tweet her questions along with the hashtag: #tbtw!
I've submitted a new entry to Logo for a Software & Game Development Company contest
#WhenIWasLittle all I ever wanted to be a was a professional athlete.
Uh, what do you do? RT : Best part about #dctech meetup is the confuse look I get when after I tell people what I do. :)
I hate Mayweather yet i no hes going to win.
Help us with our food drive. A few cans of food will get you free bucks tickets! Click Free Bucks Tickets from Andrew Toyota (20 pairs)
Every1 RT if u agree Kim I just watched a video, The reporter asked you why your famous? I still can't figure out why you are
What about the insanely massive Manchester Derby today?
Don't love the one who is beautiful, but love the one who can make your life beautiful.
You say it's to late to make it, but is it to late to try?
thanks 4 the tweet 4 the non-profit class #hispz it was great!
Eating burnt toast
why thank you! i think i need a twtr trainer. i just can't manage the pace!
#EQ : " where did you get your shirt ? "
LOOKING GOOD - Actress at the Kennedy Center tonight at the Black November Screening
Da #Bears at No. 19 three-way mock: Chandler Jones or Dre Kirkpatrick or Dont'a Hightower.
Makin cornbread tonight
I love you town of Erin, you remind me how great my childhood was. I love my family.
The Big Bang Theory.
Nice D
me too! If I find out he's going on tour!! I'm will check every second of everyday just to buy ticket and a m&g thin to!!
66 common denominator fonts installed on PC & Mac...very cool to know!
Gah! It's hard not to run and high-five someone! (I'm over the crying bit and now want to celebrate!)
Making videos for the show today.
Getting the set ready for the show on the 7th in Stockton.
Lmaoo you know my house! No one has one like that in our neighborhood. :p I googled it lol.
I am aka as Kimberly Austin, TV strategist for the Harlem Globetrotters. Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress and host.
Dierks is ok I guess, but Scotty is gay. I don't like him. He's the Bieber of country. Brantley kicks ass tho.
I am obsessed with #Scandal. Basically for all the reasons you noted. We are campaigning for #OliviaPopeActionFigures :-)
In the union of love I have seen In a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision Of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined
It's been quite awhile, but finally chilling with my beautiful sis yeah!!!!!
First set: James Bond theme, Live and let die, Groovy kind of love, Cry me a river (JT version). This is not a joke.
What are you doing in Vegas?
#RufusKing commonplacing Blackstone: “War is justifiable only on Principle of self Preservation.”
I thank God I didn't get what I thought that I deserved.
Why can i do??
Twitter has become overwhelming to me. I can't keep up with all the tweets, so I stopped following a whole bunch of people.
Parcells board is not accurate...sorry nothing to see here
Seriously cute story! I love hearing how people met their significant others. (Also, LOVE her dress!)
nice studio!
I am but that is such a stupid song
And you STILL won't say what Willam did! C'mon, Ru!
Yup, already here in sunny...no, warm...no... Well, I'm in Seattle. Actually I love cool weather, so I'm happy!
Before your expiration date, you must secure a Green Card through marriage, the military or a family member, employment or business.
See you at a home Royals game soon. You da man!
Love how says it's about the "voice" yet has niki Minaj as a guest performance who is all about the show and not singing.
Minnesota has the highest no. of museums per capita of all the states.
We need to main stream mental health issues and needs for vets & homeless.
"It's a global faculty room" -- Will Richardson
I am so sleepy!
Well no extra sleep for me. I see a lot of caffeine in my near future! Ready to get this night of work over with!
Happy to talk in person one of these days about it if you want. Def things I liked and things I hated. Overall it was good.
Jimmy Kimmel makes surprise visit to celebrate EG's work: "He cares, a great piano player, a very tender lover." Most amusing talk.
Yea, it's like you think you're too cool to talk to me now ;) How are you??
Hurry starting AT collaboration & innovation lightning talks in Grand B
I just like to remind you where you came from. Keep you humble lol. RT Been awhile since I was last called a harlot!
Warm up with a pot of Sencha with a cup of Onion & Fennel Bisque and a Grilled Veggie Sandwich
Heart is breaking for the people of Japan - all the while CNBC feels it's of primary importance to tell us about Charlie's alleged weapons??
Omg regine only a couple more weeks and you dont have to be with this lady everyday!!!!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Well Looks Like I Will Be Ordering My Dress Off Line!!!!!
recording update: completed mixing on 3 of the songs
What questions do you have about #bloodpressure? Get your question answered by an expert during our #HBPchat on May 15 at 1PM ET.
It is so "snobby" when people want to get an education and pull themselves out of their folksy debt cycles.
LET’S PLAN THIS THING OUT (Prov 21:5) PLANS of the diligent lead to an advantage; careful planning puts you ahead in the long run #Sir Court
So tired. Although I did wake up at 5 am.
I'd love to see him play some LF, just to keep his bat in the lineup.
We have a Full Service #Barber & Shoe Services. Grooming, shaving, Braiding 4 Men 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland 510 8321100 Or JUST POP IN!
Dear mobile carriers, Don't be evil, xoxo -adam
Got to this airport way to early
Toddler has learned to give thumbs up: she gave me one halfway thru her applesauce.
Very true, and well-said (as always!), Dora.
Ah RT if u live in FLORIDA.!!!
Behaviorl change one tweet at a time? Quitting smoking one tweet at a time. Who else is out there?
thanks, you rock too :-)
So are you in Kemah or Galveston? ": Awesome shoot today. Now time to head back to Houston to eat some Texas food and chill."
“: ": KC what a blast/ thank you always. Love yall." Thank YOU.” Chelsea tweets famous people,
Coworker: "Every time I go into your office it's freezing." I've become my father.
It needs a little extra maintenance. Mine is like that right now & I haven't taken the time to find my physical discs.
Foolish question from a neophyte undergrad - is there a dress code, esp. for those who are presenting? What not to wear?
haha did I look good?
Hey welcome all new followers to my crazy tweet life!
That's kewl Ii just went over there on Wednsday to visit my cousinz! Im from Illinois wat part from Georgia r u from?
Its amazing how #Disney loses 200million on a film bombing, yet we can't feed the homeless!
glad you liked it. Nurses are awesome
my sister always makes my day :)
Collin lucky no card.
Watching the essence music festival can you pull yo pants up im tired of looking at the crack of yo ass!!!! im sorry i lov u tho
still at the office: the bonus round continues!
Celebrate the launch of urbansavers.com Get unlimited drinks + VIP entry for $50 @ #LOVENightClub for !
what. lie lol Wale is a poetic ass nigga
Nice. I turned into
Griselda at - beautiful music and some of my favorite arias but a wee bit too gestural with staging by Mr Sellars.
can i see u anywhere
RT : Red Hot Chili Peppers vocalist Anthony Keidis cried during the movie Never Say Never.
Basic date work & arithmetic is needlessly complicated in cocoa! Apple should hire Josh Bloch and have him help with core api.
No problem! If you have a second stop by my page and download my new single for free and let me know what you think :)
girls just don't like me. if you don't, tweet me why. i wanna know what i've been doing wrong. it won't start drama. i just wanna know. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Today's Volunteer Wednesday spotlight is Children's Hunger Alliance. Volunteer to help with the summer feeding program at various...
do you miss me? ;) lol follow me?
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -CS Lewis
“: When your Twitter grows up, it wants to be like me :)”
No need to run up a bill. Can you shoot the cover and the full page that it's on?
whoa, i wanna know abt the large crowd “ naked man (well, wearing a jacket) around selma & wilcox, large crowd chasing him.
than a day. Now I just have it bandaged. My stitches come out next Monday (hopefully). Some friends have told me that when they
it had me rollin
Awww yeah. will be in the house at #WBC. Come get your flair in that hair. It's a Carnival, y'all.
Hot Fudge Sundae, OKC vs Dallas Game-
Sexy librarian ftw.
Sad to say, but I prefer the frozen CPK pizzas to the airport ones.
Got my hair braided #sum new
it was a joke :p
#ActivateNYC12 I see Tow2 asking a question! where's ?
Indeed it is!
The Saints satisfy the black jersey requirement to be the bad guys on a Disney movie.
where can we download the sheetmusic please?
Geico commercial=vaguely American Beauty. What does a middle-aged man care what middle school girls think of him? Ew. Seriously. Gross.
#toreros up 33-21 as defense is keeping Santa Clara at bay.
KD!! How are you?
I must be doing something right
yeah ok i got it. thanks gurl!
Don't start! Lol. *sigh* Last night was embarrassing. You've earned the right to talk ish. Lmao
Are you staying top of mind with your contacts? When they encounter something you can help with, does your name immediately jump to mind?
hahahaha there's a tag on your shorts!
Come on, City. Don't give this away. Meanwhile the most exciting thing about #LFC so far has been a brief scuffle.
you left too early! RT : Excited for the DG expansion team to present at Cal Poly today! Go Delta Gamma!
The #seau kids are in the house.
I feel like the worst man ever
though, , I'd note that fair use doesn't, as a rule, REQUIRE transformative use, though that certainly goes a long way.
thats watim saying. i believe he is the true king but som people are saying elvis is better. what do u think?
Enjoy! “: hot tubbing with Bri and our good friend Merlot! #snowynights”
I would come to a dinner party. But Tacoma is a long way to drive for dinner.
Workout time....abs get ready! : )
*giggle* I thought about calling it a crack stick but decided that was just asking for trouble.
I love being allergic to all things outdoors.
Na. I'm not gonna compete like last time (.,_.) I ended up in twitter jail!
I'd say the same thing about me and Jamie Moyer.
Yo i swear i hate people rn/s lol
44% of mobile phone users say that they find messages sent to their mobile phone that include coupons and special offers useful.
That's hockey...
e.g. would we have considered the GovPulse devs stakeholders of Fed Register data when the XML was being published? Perhaps not.
Finna smash this computer ethics exam, then watch a cuban film, then hit up first thursday
Breaking News: Poker Legend Amarillo Slim on Deathbed
Going to fill out some more apps later on this week
Your food should be rich in green leafy vegetables like Collard greens, Kale and Spinach.
Oh, and your outage hotline isn't working. Well done , well done.
Nothing like a good KY bourbon
Let me hear her say she need somebody to hold again #Caken :)
Someone come get me out if class. Kthanks.
RT : "Scotch" is offensive when used for people as historically the English used it derogatorily.
whats in the #clippers Gatorade? They all getting hand/arm injuries...kinda odd.
really appreciate the #FF!
I have a king cake locker there. We can try a '08. I hear they age well.
GETTING MAD, because your celebrity crush is cheating on you.
Working so hard to get it to you! Can't make promises but I think this summer is likely. It's a big update.
At Red Rock, Chuck is playing the 1k, I am playing 1/2..
4th Component of ethics training: Drive for employee commitment.
It only works if you run a string through the roof of your mouth and out your nose while you do it, then make Osage Diamonds after
Vote for as you're Favorite Aussie Superstar for the 2012 Kids Choice Awards!
Tailgating at Miller Park
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
Danish Custard Pastry (Plundergebäck) Recipe &amp; Review | Genki ...
I'm still
deezyy thursday. You should rant. Big time. Griffin doesnt deserve what those girls are saying.
RT : Q2: If you won the $640 Million jackpot last week, which organizations/causes would you donate money to?
This lady on Dr.Phil has multipule personalities disorder its kind scary...
I just shared my thought ;)
what'sup Quincy oh my bad Trent
Ha! "Bertha is the big girl inside you" - belt it out!
Got a great little special cooking up for tomorrow...
i'm not happy with my life because your in it...
Every piece of correspondence I receive from is unclear. Also, your website is a quagmire of confusion. GAH.
we gotta get him in a rev race - I will be happy to host him!
dont chain a thing? wow lol ;)
I hope so. #Ravens will beat #49ers in
thanks for the May 17th show shout-out. We'd love to have you perform if you're ever in town!
I have a Brand new flat top stove loving it rite now!!!!!!
no i dont even know what that is lol
No doubt! We're recording/releasing an EP later this year since our videos can't speak on behalf of our music forever. Thanks!
World Series Most Marketable? Slim pickings: 1)Albert Pujols 2)Josh Hamilton 3)Nolan Ryan 4)Rally Squirrel
follow back? :)
Hi #libchat! I'm finally back after a wee time away. I'm Mackenzie and I work in tech services in a medical library near Chicago.
Listening to #SafetyDance by on my #iPod :) I remember this episode . . . he's such a good dancer !! :D
Have you not been outside yet today?
I hope you all have a great weekend!
Why do people think I'm so weird..
You guys looked great! Saw it at 11.
#Oomf had some bomb ass PUSSY
Thanks for the retweet. Are you going to be there
here in detroit they blow ya for free just to have somethin warm in their belly
i did a while ago , but some days it looks lighter !
#Rockies win! 6-1. Jamie Moyer does it again.
this shit is gold, man! Good work. Enjoying the special!
Thanks for the follow! Be sure to tune in to Michigan's *Only Alternative, Urban-Ethnic college radio station 24/7
RT I hate this diet shyt I'm hungry!!!what exercise can I do to make my booty pop n my stomach toned??
You ROCK!
really paranoid that theres gonna be another food fight at lunch tomorrow... i dont want a repeat of last year.
lets make this musik when u got some free time....
Off to do some Christmas shopping for my babies :) And when I say babies I actually mean my guinea pigs ;) love them so much
he still is.
Don't forget to catch the #footballwives season finale tonight!!! :o)
Blasphemy!!! But I guess you were busy becoming super talented, so it's understandable. RT never seen star wars...
what's your dj Twitter my dude?
she told me I was a healer
daaaw not really but thanks Shaylyn! :)
u have dark hair it will look good
this is true
David Phillips () speaks the truth.
hey, thanks for the review. We are glad you found our app useful!
thank you :))
askjdhfaksdhfj askdjhfa okay, just saw this picture of jake miller. now i agree. he's gorgeous!
I'm ready for some #Mets baseball. :)
The G just pulled a gangsta move, snuck down to the graduates level and acted like an official photographer ha /Cc
Wake up. School. Lunch. Home. Twitter. Youtube. Facebook. Homework. Eat. Sleep. Repeat.
rewire it.
u in LV?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Bringing a child to court in a custody battle is seen as putting them in the middle of the fight. Not good.
Howling wolf trying to climb out my speakers I drive like a banshee The nightgives it up to thesun The newday hasbegun 1000mph I run to you
#thevoiceteamadam adam is so freaking sexy!<3
have you ever been chased in wallmart ?
CLASSIC! RT : The Princess Bride. *SQUEEEEEE* I LOVE that movie.
thanks for the follow Lauren. Hope you are doing well!
Girl! it was a metaphor for this PhD thing. I thought I was crazy for starting, but once I did I couldn't stop! That's FREEDOM
my eldest is toughest. Always has been. What's amazing is that he is easier than he was...there's hope
know what we haven't done in a while? lyric off? It's time and You'll always be part of my slideshow..
Ok #scms12 twitter folk, we need some brave volunteers. As part of our online stuff we're posting video of members answering questions...
Ugh. My body aches. Being with 4 kids all day and playing at a park for an hour or more is exhausting
Chillin Like A Villain
I hope I have a hot nurse today
More editing today, almost done!
you should follow me!!
Indiana playin well and getting the bounces at home. Kentucky's half court offense a problem for them. But there too good not to comeback.
Some people are just pathetic
#DrakeSongsILove the motto
This is like that [best] summer [of my life] where all I did with my time off was drink and go to the beach. Only its not summer yet.
ha! damn straight! RT I am the only "The Asian"
(ironically only, sadly. You won't find that term in the newspaper /-:)
If you have a problem being faithful, you don't belong in a relationship.
It's not my birthday! I'm just 36! I was honoring my 36ishness!
I heard someone once swear "well, mother of Thomas Jefferson." I've since used "well, mother of Wheezie Jefferson."
y'all NEVER sleep
That awkward moment when you realize it's Sunday
Hi Jason. Hope you're doing well : )
I feel you I'm Damn near the same way lol and idk I juss woke up nd couldn't fall báck asleep -_-
and Thanks for adding your agency to database. Glad to have you listed :)
Swabbies & Rogue... Just like peas and carrots, and that about all I got to say about that.
Who hasn't "liked" the Hopes High facebook page yet? Please doo!! www.facebook.com/hopeshigh
With the firing of Joe Paterno, this has become the biggest sports scandal of a generation, much bigger than Vick, Tiger, even OJ
Wow The Santa Fe chief of police seems to be a liar. He showed every sign of lying you are taught to look for under questioning by reporter.
RT : I do suicides on the privet jet, know what that means im fly as fuck should say #imfly2death jus sayin
No, but I think I want to be her friend! I imagine happy hour would be entertaining to say the least.
went to Monte Carlo and seemingly left with all the cash. 3 cashes. $2.5million in prizes. Unheard of for a 10 day run
Jeppa Joes is at food truck (cart) Thursday at the courthouse (10th and wells) from 11 to 2...come on down!
so excited about my girls audition at new York film academy this weekend. they're still young in the game. great way to start.
just defended my master's thesis after an hour conversation w/ three professors, I am a master of ethnomusicology!
hey everyone make sure you include us in your #FF today and follow these:
“: Got 2nd in my category at #NATS!!!” So very, very proud of my daughter! And proud of Liberty University!
Twitter made me love strangers I've never met and Facebook made me hate people I've known all my life.
not relevant. He stinks on Ice
remember when she dated justin guarini? lol
No headache, no cotton mouth, no nausea... Must have been a dull night. Time to take the Sabbath by the balls. Mimosas!!!
Where can I get a #HoneyBaked ham store coupon?
Did you know that I have offices not only in NY but also NJ, CA & MD?
“The track record of companies doing better after being acquired is basically non-existent.” – Dustin Moskovitz
Relaxing in the Outter Banks! Hum what should I do today....maybe nothing?
Pull out quick and get a refund
Eve is fucking gorgeous.
I love this shit...#Packers have no reason to even be tied at this point. McCarthy better throw some water jugs at halftime.
Thank you for finally showing me that dead squirel in the tree..As is squirels werent gross before...
Not sure if there will be one. Will tweet if there is.
takes the stage at #CompCloud. Can incentives help get your team all in?
people ranting like love is the BlackPlague and income tax is the only time Black people get money like Reality Check is what they need ...
Pretty girls aren’t stuck up. They’re just tired of the same guys all wanting the same thing.
Let's go heats!!!
Spilled Iced Tea on my rug, I went into #panic mode.
Be the change you want to see in the world
how does it feel to play in cleveland since the king left ?
yep yep
Grapefruit is the best.
4 questions to ask for transformation #3 How do we do it?
Asking on someones behalf.. DO ANY OF YOU KNOW of any International Travel #jobs? Friends or people you know that go overseas? Often? lol
i represent nun but g's
I'm impressed!!! RT : Who am I waking up at 530 to workout?
1. Food. 2. Water. 3. You #Truth Thanks for the follow, Gorgeous !!
omg. The Romeo and Juliet movie is so freaking good. Still crying
oh, well thanks a lot! lol. i'm doing well, also. :)
2012 Boston Marathon Runs on EarthLink&#39;s Data Center Platform
I need an ultra grip yoga mat! Any suggestions or favorite brands? Thanks!
i love talking to him<U+2665>
Yep I'm über popular.
u told me a certain staff was courting you
can you tell me more about the products you make for special needs? Email if easier. Jen
back to
I'm glad moving is going "semi" well. As much as I hate moving I would have rather spent my Saturday helping you than what I did.
aw how sweet
I'm up everyone lol
Some individuals with #SocialPhobia are fearful not just social situations, but also of the physical sensations such as blushing, shaking.
Bill Nelson is setting up a Twitter account.
ya ino. it was about someone
What I wouldn't give for a Milwaukee fish fry tonight. <Sigh>
Thanks for the follow , and ! Lovely to see you ~
Thx, Andrew! RT Great 2 meet today & learn abt new company that's clearly going places
This fucking rules.
*eyelids droop*
thank you again!
your smile.<3
Tickets to The Boss at Fenway would be an excellent Mother's Day gift to me.
Why every girl in Jersey City think that they body look good enough to wear leggings smh...#Tragic smh
What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do ~Aristotle
not tonight. Spark it up
Whats goodie ppl i dnt really b on here but bang at ya boy hit me up im bak on my shit lol
isn't unfair to fulfill your desire through your kids? they should be able to choose what they want to do with their lives...
I drink to make other people interesting
RT : I just want to cuddle in bed while watching movies and eating whataburger
good night twitter
I got Les Nubians tickets from my fiance. YAY!
WOW..... #MARKETFRIDAY IS ABOUT TO BE EXTRA STUPID TODAY!!! DONT MISS IT...
Or you could watch the band march through walmart!
think you might be meeting with my boss as we speak. Glad #happybirthdaybetty got a shoutout!
Love It
I'm really disliking PCOS right now. Will my hair on my head ever grow back????
I am here indeed :) will you grace me with your presence? Lol who told you!
We are proud to announce that New financial channels are ready for GIS developers, such as selling Database Designs, Styles or Symbols
watching my kids do karate
I'm hiring: contract iOS / UX developer in #PDX. Also looking for 3D Studio Max developer. Reply if interested. Please RT
You cast a spell on me spell on me you hit me like the skyy fell on me fell on ne. Love that song!!
Tune in2 WSOC TV tonite at 5pm to learn more abt one of the MANY incidents that has sparked a campaign against ... Pls RT
I know I'll miss his sweet classmates. These girls mothered Jo. I wonder how many times they remembered thngs 4hm & hlpd him. Sweet girls!
Since my Droid 3 updated a week ago, the battery life has been better and the Bluetooth has been more reliable. Yay!
“: I got the position as a PC Support Specialist at Robert W. Baird Corporation!!!!” congrats bro!
I guarantee that's what he thinks! He didn't really say that. But he should have...
Pink pajamas with penguins on the bottom!
Well, in my defense, it is in the nature of the book for me to validate it first. Also, it is esp important to me.
Quote of the day: We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly <3.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. ~ Abraham Maslow
I'm sorry, but New Year's Eve looks incredibly stupid. If you are interested in seeing it at all...why? Why? WHY????
“: Im lucky to have friends who make songs for me when im sad. Titled: "Stop It! [Being a Bitch!]" Thanks ” // LOL!
anyone been to yet this year?
Tame your technology- 4th tip from
Dolphins need a turnover now
Just a few more days until Passenger presents LOST and FOUND, we are very proud to bring some amazing art to Woodward! See you on April 5th!
Yep, put me down for that 2-6 prediction this year for the Broncos. Didn't go there last year, but this year very real possibility.
Yeah I will when they sing ok? :)
no, I completely agree. I have no clue what's going on.
Pep announces tomorrow, on the day of Our Lady of Montserrat? Isn't Plantini Catholic?
sigh @ loss of equity. can't wait to see you though !
where you at? Come up.
That awkard moment when you think 5 months is actually 2.
couldn't agree more!
I'm sorry! Hope you can get it fixed soon.
Bitch u wasn't wit me waking up at 5 a.m !
Back to the business of writing, my therapy!
Chemerinsky believes the separation of powers in gov't & access to jury trials, due process, & other legal matters, are compromised daily.
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoy the blog.
doesn't it all go to uncle Pete?
I downloaded the game and the cheat codes lol
I know and aw :D
Permanently?! I'm heading down to the ocean right now for a couple of days :)
Whaaaaattttt??? Ugh Abc, don't do it! I need 22 eps..
that's pretty awesome!
Thanks for the follow! Go #Colts!
I thought they stopped awarding 3 shots for shots made after contact
yes, and maybe someday a game like this could even *originate* a campaign...
extremely pissed my plans are ruined. immediately flips over a table a couch and a chair
about Sharpes "The Bubble", that place is a civil rights nightmare... I posted on ACLU's fb page, doubt anything will come of it.
At for excited to see them again!
I miss her
Thank you, Darwin, you know why ;)
no you werent! you were nervous so was i lol and i miss you already ! it was fun i didnt want it to end
Watching the Chihuahua puppy chase a Rollie Pollie while on the back porch swing listening to Catfish Blues by the heavy eyes.
Somewhere around $100 - $150 a night maybe? It'd be mid-June.
Lol I have no idea who I'm texting rn.
can I come?!
There is no failure except in no longer trying. Elbert Hubbard
#NationalFibromyalgiaDay Because over 10 million suffer in silence, it's important to "educate" family, friends, & the Media.
Patience over anxiety/ It's hard to remember the/ Love that sprang from simplicity/ Is harder to maintain ~
At the sunspot above winter park!
Does anyone know what Jennifer Hudson is saying in the first 10 seconds of Think Like a Man ???
RT:Our #followfriday shout-out goes to because we are tired of winter & are looking forward to going there for
Getting the marathon DC tour from
thanks for the RT, how have you been?
For every case of child abuse and neglect that gets reported, many more do not. Speak up for a child today. Call 1-8-4-A-CHILD
Printing on demand conserves cash flow and avoids costly mistakes.
Mentioned I had to drive to Palo Alto today and got a request for red velvet cupcakes from Sprinkles. Someone's having a special day. ;)
If you don’t like where you are, then change it. You are not a tree. - Jim Rohn
A friendly #FF to our 3 time state champs!
The "2013 Men's Final Four-Atlanta" banner is going to confuse me when I watch highlights of this game in a few years
sure thing! Do you know if we're supposed to take anything?
Thanks for the good words!
just started watching...the opening is awful! I think we know why this is no longer popular
like, it couldn't have been a more perfect moment haha
I don't know the context, I just assumed it was referring to The Kohl-Hammond-Skiles debacle, which is causing a media stir.
I'm so excited for the lake tomorrow! #tan #yay :)
When i meet here in Chicago imma ask him to marry me.. with a ring pop! lol
yup :D
Wow. Some really drunk & rude fans in M8 tonight. Coupled with a SKC loss = bummer. Glad I won't see those guys in CHI next week
Todays my big brothers birthday
its been a few sorry im still drinking beer so thats a good thing
Cotto fought exceptionally well against the best fighter in the world. Great match, congrats to both fighters!!!
Have an optical freakout sort of mindbusting day! 1111 to u.
HoOd Rich
Make it funky!!!
can I just come back?? Lol
Hesitating Beauty playing at the Tulsa airport. I wish I had a Percocet and a glass of wine.
. Lincoln Park High School kids talking with #Ghana #youth about perceptions of Americans
Tweet Number 1. Getting Started. The Birth of a Brainchild. Excited to Begin.
LOL! Alright. So addicting man.
where u been? I'm waiting for ur msg my dude. I got some work to do where the beats? Lol
Thank god for you, Kovy.
Haha beer and pizza is the best way to spend ur sunday. Rockin out with my parents in a kiss tribute concert
Pacers gettin' at the heats tho ...
great game today! The viewers voted you and Freeman game MVPs!
Haha that saying is actually one of my tattoos and a line in Sunsets & Memories. One of my favorite lyrics I've ever written!
ReachLocal Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
#ThankYouJesus! RT : that's not true!!!
Ashton's going for the Neil Young and Johnny Depp lovechild look?
You definitely have a good spot already.
i plan to end the year surround by the people who made it so magical. can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
Hahaha this is a joke 12-4 pacer fouls to heat fouls
interviewed with him a couple days later and took the offer. I see you are interning at LSU this summer that's awesome... Congrats!
There's so much to do in DC this weekend! Hope you guys are out there having fun and being safe!
That's how I'd picture it RT : When Mitt Romney talks about "saving the future" on November 6th, I keep looking for a DeLorean.
I look at the clock everyday at 4:20 , lbvs .
This #REVOLunion will make folks pull out / buy / borrow "Parade". Find a live show from that era, too. An NYC soundboard just resurfaced.
“Why are we stopped?” Angel complains...It’s an almost-8-year-old’s impatience, restless with the confinement of the car
Ah, self-righteousness. How good it must feel to always be right.
Just saw The Hunger Games. Wasn't moved by the book. Wasn't moved by the movie. Phenomenal marketing got me again. Sigh.
English football needs City at the top for the next few years. Will only strengthen UTD/Chelsea and the others.
have you seen them princeton receptionists? They're fine as hell too. Something about that #ProfesionalPussy i guess.
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. Today is the day. Tomorrow will take care of itself.
I already did. Multiple times
What a perfect day. Sun was blazin and drinks were pourin. Everyone was having a blast. Thank you!
just creepily stopped by YoAmazing to maybe meet you on my way to Ohio. The cashier politely informed me you were OOT.Oh well!
Who's up for drinks this evening? Hot Bird or Franklin Park? Holla at me.
Omg:-) this is amazing! All 3 competitors are doing great on #fashionstar! LOVE Ronnie's 3pc suit!
Awesome, only one more game until I don't have to hear about football for a while.
I <3 Everything about you, you are fabulous my Prince
Did he say "poo the color of mayonnaise"??
#twitterstorians esp. this bit: "risk of a 'parasitic' relationship" between archive hunters and popularizers with good turns of phrase.
ONLINE Home Business Ideas for Women &amp; Men - Robert Kiyosaki
Nice little brick to start off the week! 14.3 mi bike + 3.2 mi run... Looking forward to a .5 mi swim at lunch!
I never tweet anymore.
Jack and I are raising money for the San Diego Humane Society and SPCA, please help us out with some generous donations. Check our page!
(2nite) Art of celebration at Status we live w/
WHAT THE FUCK
thank you for the work that you have done to you in the past decades
"They were great to deal with. Chris worked very hard to make sure we had all the information and help we needed. As I second guessed and...
Woohoo, will be serving on the Greater Dallas Asian American Chamber! Looking forward to it!
No matter how many clothes I own, I'll always have nothing to wear
Tomorrows mothers day :P woot woot takin mom out to dinner :D
Happy birthday
You're running Workbench 3?
Sorry to hear about the #GameOn cancellation. You guys are welcome to come on our show and talk games anytime!
umm.. Are you like some kinda body builder or what?
Thanks for the mention.
Lots of stuff coming up on the Morning KLH. We've got cases for Judge Gino and we're talking about Ryan Braun with Tom Haudricourt.
My grandma might go into surgery tonight. I'm praying it goes well.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. -Benjamin Franklin
#just started following Dave Navarro... Dave,if u read this,you rock man! Ur music's cool!!!
Welcome back Faculty and Staff at San Diego City College!
@ grandama's for a HUGE present!!! Waiting!!
I'm so freaking happy for I can't stand it. Way to go man. Here's to the first goal in a long career in Black & Gold.
Proverbs 18:16 A man's gift majesty room for him, and bringeth him before great men.
Say Hello to Your New Benevolent Overlord...
no clue. at this point it really couldn't hurt his career any…not like he's still "leading man" material these days
why? She hasn't done anything except marry a millionaire.....
Been so lazy this spring break. Feels do good. Not looking forward to all this work again. Im counting the days dow. One month left.
RT cfaulkner: I hope the #clear tech can figure out what's up with my connection.
Someone asked what our goal is for selling our images. It's to sell 200 images per day M-F. And...to be the next istockphoto millionaire.
on my phone so I can't see/hear yet but I have NO DOUBT that it's as #AWESOME as YOU are! #Woot Woot! #AJFEVER... ~~~~rich
Watching "Colombiana" for the first time. I like it.
taco time.
Especially tonight! “: "The warmest summer I ever spent in San Francisco was the winter of 2012 in San Francisco." -Mark Twain”
very jealous I am not going to be at the #W in DC tomorrow for halloween :( :( stop making me #homesick!!!!!
RT : Thanks to my guests: Sherryl Nufer & ! Thanks for listening & tweeting along.
If he amazing, he won't be easy. If he easy, he won't be amazing worthy or worth it, you won't give up.”
I'm going out to work on the sunny side of the house.
Insomnia is creeping back in...
#InvaderZIM is almost on! <3 I've never watched a full episode before, and I REALLY wanna. :)))))
TCC flavor of the month is...Sprinkle Mountain! 100% of the proceeds from the sale of this sweet helps TCC kids!
Where should we eat in gurnee mills??
It is brilliant, rigorous, funny. It spun me around, in a very good way.
RT : That's the plan. RT : With Philadelphia's loss Milwaukee now controls their Playoff destiny. If they win out they're in
some good!!
If our followers wouldn't mind giving us a shout out, trying to get some more followers and up our readership. Hope you guys have enjoyed.
LOOK AT ME LOOK AT ME LOOK AT ME LOOK AT ME
I will listen no doubt!!! Good luck and congrats! I'm pumped.
Beyond exhausted, but I can't sleep. Ugh. This sucks/:
love it!! I'm very flattered you'd write a song about me :)
Great Job AND !
When I searched for articles for my annotated bibliography on digital libraries I found an article written by my thesis adviser
DID YOU KNOW - One-third of America's homeless live in Florida. Must be the weather.
You never know
ha, I did see at Warped Tour 10 years ago. Didn't know you were a fan. I'm going to Madison for HS bball that weekend
Giving A Big Thanks To for helping me
THAT SH1T IS A GOOD DEAL!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 20
"No Phun Intended"
Thank you for a tremendous season. First-class partner of I'm looking forward to '12-13 season.
I'd sit next to you lol
Made to much money in tips today..
Headed back to New Orleans...OU lost to night..
Looks neat -- we'll look into it!
53 New Digital Media Resources You May Have Missed
Website back up again, after a weekend of pain. Check us out www.workforbooks.com! Thanks for the follows.
Can't wait!! See ya there!
15 years old
Wrigley Field here I come.
Help i am still getting your account cannot perform this action error tried logging out, tried clearing cache need HELP HELP
Hello! 'sup? I have super urgent&almost annoying post about a MS SQL Analyst, but it's really important to me.
Brains Over Beauty....or Booty Over Brains!!
Cant sleep... #Text Me
my nerves got bad due to the loud music and shouting outside my apartment so i loaded the 243 suddenly everything was alright
My new favorite person. :) RT : HAPPY "18th" BIRTHDAY!
I see your progression you can help alot of people who are in the dark enjoy your new journey..
I wish these new jersey cats would stop hittin me up
I had no idea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
North Lamar Basketball Star... Touring the Streets of Paris, Autograph Party & Concert @ the Razz Jan 28th
haha ;) i like RT : Stan the Juice man?
(i am at a de la soul concert)
#IThankGod that I'm healthy.
Everyone should follow for some great inspiration.
Agree w/Fox News on this one. Way too PC about Ft. Hood Shootings. From our own military lax on the red flags to the current media coverage.
In admit I like the first Home Alone. But that's all about John Hughes. No faith in rebooting Home Alone's or Vacation w/o him.
Happy 4th of July! Hope y'all eat well and enjoy this time with family and friends!
100%... Forsure, hands down. I will dig deep in my throat and pull out my vote! Cheers!
How come u want 1000 tweets
Its not to bad if it is crushed ice.
I think heidi really wants me sick.
I know only what googling "derry" (after accidentally mistyping "sweet") gave me in a snapshot ;)
hey Riker how r u? , just wanted 2 say u and Ross r amazing! and i can't wait to see the regionals episode i am so excited!!! <3 <3
Sitting in an airport makes one think: what airlines are the "best"? Why? Is it all about customer service? Perks? Price? What matters most?
i know rite he is so unique.
what it do cuzo
This goes out to all those people struggling, keep your head up, we ain't mad at you...got nothing but love for you. Do what you do.
Cute girls studying in the library are by default 10's...why? because theyre in the library stupid
Excited to announce we will once again auction off an entry to the 2012 #Ironman World Championship at our #CAFGala in NYC June 13
Watching Saturday Night Fever on AMC. This movie never gets old.
I just dont see the value proposition here. You?
| Eileen Grey and Barcelona chair, nice.
LOL! We'll have to find you something fun ;-)
"If you look in the same places you'll get the same answers". #sccol Rob Wolcott.
Wish we could say we planned it!
Off to dream about having eggs and turkey sausage in the morning
Ladies, you know how when you go up a pant size to fit your thighs, it gaps in the waist? I FEEL YOU!!!
its very funny
some great new resources on the importance of Secure Development in Critical Infrastructure.
Thank You! Looking forward to your live album/DVD
The link in my bio explains how to be n it, any questions just ask me:)
Dude!!!! Did you have as much ass gas as I did the night after eating those beans? LOL!!!
aw yeah!
I went from NEVER giving a fuck to OVERLY giving a fuck. smh
LMAO!!!) Hahaa! Yeah! Bcuz I looked at my update status an it said you weren't following me anymore.... Lolol!) smh!
Why does it seem to take more time to find a market and prepare a story for submission than it does to write it?
Digital First Media&#39;s chief says newspapers have key advantages in the struggle for readers and advertising
OH - you are in Baltimore. That explains everything :-).
I realize I need to step up my tweet game, but I don't ever have anything tweet worthy
I am the best at swimming. Period. Ok... I've just read that sharks are better swimmers than me. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Will do!(:
yea sorta felt like I missed her evolution some where but went with it
I've decided to take up the hobby of making stuffed animals... So as to REALLY confound the layfolk when I tell them I'm a taxonomist.
Have you heard anything about the Student Success Task Force in California affected Community College Students?
Lakers may blow this...this isnt good.
lerner: there's a lot that we can learn from you and we need to plug into your innovation.
I think I'd like your grandmother :)
hey Madison can you refollow me? :)
RT : Phone Hacking: You need mobile security for phones! See what McAfee has to offer. Booth 5926
Nissan &amp; Infiniti Open New Dealerships In Downtown San Francisco
If you are joining us tonight, use the hashtag #ThinkBigBmore and let us know!
'Titanic' rewind: Travel back to 1997 - USA TODAY
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
Ahh...I live for the
My dad is currently wearing bright red jeans and Toms.
I've got a 65-year-old friend that's a freshman on the golf team at Union College in Barbourville, KY.
"isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?"
Let us know how we can help :)
Mission Impossible... at IMax. RT Why don't you just TELL me the name of the movie you'd like to see?
Goodnight twitter
OMG babeeeyy It's ur 18th birthday! Wish you the best luck! Love uu more than words can say! xoxo
We Are Providers Of Quality Gifts For Any Occasion #Discounts #UniqueGiftsForMen And #UniqueGiftsForWomen #Return Policy
Your provision is hidden until you act on your vision
in honor of the Rammstein show tomorrow, my show playlist consists of their songs.
pretty sweet right?
i would need 2 cameras n more memory cards lol.. n where yu go2 school at?
Police still investigating a drive-by shooting under Morrison Bridge. Two homeless men shot while they slept. 1 man in critical condition.
Forgot today was May Day Occupy protests. Feeling guilty now about working for The Man today.
Need a contractor that covers all of San Diego County ? Call Mr.D's for all of your renovation needs. Painting, Drywall repairs and more.
I swear I am bad luck this past week. Everything is going wrong. You should probably stay away so I don't rub off on you. :-/
!!! Welcome to L.A. If the food at Clooney's is only so -so, swing by for a GREAT meal!!! See you there!
Wow, so talented! Your pictures always cheer us up on rainy #Seattle days.
it's just my insecurities, anxieties, and panic talking.
Yeah, even I wasn't on the spot for any one of them, watching two or three search streams simultaneously is lousy...
Taylor is locked in the bathroom and be cannot get out, going to have to take it off the hinges... Equinox high quality as usual
I wish I could be there!
If you went to sleep at 5am and someone woke you up at 8:30 am to take them to work what would you say or do
On Amtrak, approaching Tukwilla.
Where's the party? Partylab Palm Springs is now a business affiliate of Diversity Platinum- go to this amazing store and get your discount!
Holy cats its pouring out! I just ate a pile of pistachios @ my kitchen table watching it rain. Got some work done in the studio. Sheepytime
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there.
haha it's true... I obviously wasn't taking photos at that age
At the party with and Jeny. c:
yeo um we should smoke at my house try to call me whn u get this.
I just realized I'm essentially living on Mountain Time.
i'm dying. i can't wait!
correction: 's
$2 donation. Bring your own Pillow and be entered into a raffle!!!! Support Amaris Selah's sophomore album release with spoken words!!!!
I have to say I'm not quite so happy with the officiating this weekend
This guys looking for a Follow #Mahomies!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
Thanks so much! I'm an adult! *scared face*
#TeeQuote: "The trouble with life is there's no background music."
You gotta rope the grandmas into it. :)
TOMORROW HALLOWEEN METAL FEST @ MOUNT AIRY FIREHALL. BE THERE!!! RT!
Morning safety check on the Positive Tomorrows school bus, then we're off to pick up our students for school!
Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!
i wish things never changed between us.
beers in Denver?
don't forget to come to the 2012 Wine Diego taste event and competition at the RB inn on Aug 4th Please retweet!!
A missing Gov is much more exciting than a boring old sex scandal. YAWN.
goodnight and hope your dreams comfort you!
hey tweetheart..I wanted to send you a special heartfelt wave of love and healing. U n I share the same day 3/4 as a birthday!
I'll be in atx for Pam's graduation! Come out thurs, fri or sat and drink your liver away with us :)
Christian right comments are shocking, thought we had this thing called separation of church and state
excited 2 hear
#BostonSportsReport: Detroit Pistons Win Vs Boston
When you come out of the subway and it's suddenly dark out -_- #FirstWorldProblems...Well maybe not. I bet 3rd world countries can relate...
thnx, right back @ ya ;)
YAYY IT'S THE WEEKEND!!
Rip steve jones thank u for the appel
Congrats hun, thanks great! What are you getting your degree in?
My brother mightgo to jail._. His a dumbass sometimes -.-
smoke that shit i got !0 on it
Um Her Senses Left Her... And She Thinks Shes Grown Now... Dnt Tell Her I Said That
I did my dog walking training to volunteer Many sweet, adorable dogs available for adoption.
summer specials save $20 when u spend over 100$ call today n make your appt 916-376-7274
@ rutherford grille for lunch with a bottle of domaine carneros brut
put up new post! Hope you like it...=]
oh I know!!! Our P.E. teacher is the weirdest man ever :D (well sometimes) do you like your teachers??:]
Just Pinky Promised with and
Thanks very much for the retweet!
i shoulda never even said anything this morning....
Looking for the Health Literacy Library, Research or Events page? Please visit our sister site-The Center for Health Literacy Promotion
TFC has really overachieved here, last MLS side left standing.(nobody saw it coming)
Be careful who u try to fuk over bcus u might fuk over yaself
Think to self "there's no way I'll forget the difference between the titles in black and the ones in green!" Self will be wrong about that.
Thanks for the like Tracy!
“: Dying of heatstroke #marchingbandprobz” so glad i didnt have to do that twice today
Duke guard K. Irving is going pro. After only ELEVEN games. Coach K. may have invested years in this guy but he only got 11 games
Saturday Night Party!! Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST and YOUNGEST showgirls! Message me for a FREE LIMO PICK UP!
way to go Javier and on your clothing line. Give these guys a follow, they're good guys
So a friend of mine introduced me to :bronysay:. Holy shit that's a hilarious site, even as an ex-goon I love it.
Why is it that when I went to get supplies for the storm I only bought chips? We're out of bread and milk!
I loved the group dance this week on
Morning world.
Thanks, you too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
quantity over quality seems to be the 'tfb' moto. Guess if your not trying to target & just want high numbers?
I've just been annoyed by the smallest things today, and I don't know why.
Swedish House Mafia fireworks & gold stick rain drops!
damn good cake too!!
Were Trying To Get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for you, So your romodel Maybe Will Follow You??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANDPA MARA!! STAY ICONIC!
Walked by the Google village still setting up #sxswi ...interesting area along Rainey St. A little washed out from all the rain!
Happy christmas time everyone <3
We appreciate it!
Whose "uncertainty" has bigger economic impact: businesses (RE: regulations) or consumers (RE: economy/finances)? #Question CC
I just realized I was offended by something incredibly inconsequential. I'm glad I caught my grumpy grumps early.
Join the March Madness league! Drink the Kool-Aid!
Now that every douchebag in the world likes the song, #somebodythatiusedtoknow has lost its luster. Thanks, assholes.
ha i have da same issues bruh u gotta watch dem femalez once u pass out who knws wat dey do
How much is a trillion dollars? If you spent $1 million every day for the last 2,000 years, you still wouldn't reach a trillion dollars.
Spending the rest of the weekend at screenings catching up on films we've missed.
gossip in college. really? even after college when already graduated.. really??
Thailanded in Bangkok.
What? A politican being timely during an election year? That never happens! :P
"...the urge to write poetry,/ to sit in the dark and wait for a little flame/ to appear at the tip of my pencil..."
Sometimes when you tweet, all I hear is Charlie Brown's teacher. ;)
I feel like shit now..
You aren't kidding. My sisters (twins) and I ran prints for my dad for years. The ammonia cloud was crazy!
me too man...
but the next mayor should have control of the police.
like that again. Don't ever bring that shit up in front of her. EVER
Shoutout to ! Everyone go follow him!
Ha, glad you think so! We can be a pretty crazy bunch.. especially after all that manual labor!
Ignorance is bliss. what you don't know cant hurt you.
I love my EIC - always helping me with everything! Lub you booskido.
Taylor just got robbed
Lol i think everyone got bored of it. So it's okay xD
Just ordered a Mich Ultra and a water. I think I'm getting old.
I'd do the same but Chess King closed years ago.
Taking JF on a shopping spree... Am I wrong for not caring about nething she gets? She keeps getting mad cause I'm saying yes to everything?
Happy Friday!! We have a fun weekend lined up serving up some delicious cocktails/dishes to some fab people! Join in on the fun this weekend
Hope you enjoyed it!!! Thanks for tweeting about your visit to the Heidelberg Project!
my dad says nobody calls liberals racists when they say Jews are violent criminals, but EVERYONE freaks out when the repubs say it about YKW
Good job today & good to see you!
lmao I hate those fuckers because of what happened when Portugal played Bosna
Lambert, McCreery, Owen, Moore, and Gilbert, just to name a few! Tons of Artist Audio up now on #productionvault!
Funny sign in business (employee engagement humor). "The beatings will continue until morale improves"
Yea I guess that was a bit early, but they did have a chance to win via Nyjer Morgan's bunt attempt.
I have one on the pond behind the house...
lol. That's funny bro, Kobe definitely good for 50 and a "L"...
First draft final word count: 5428. Woo hoo~!!!
This coffee shop crap is boring!
Oh boo. You should just drive 5 more miles north...
glad you clarified. Otherwise, noone would come.
beautiful day for brunch on the patio!
I love listenin to guys gush about their favorite players in the NBA the same way a girl would talk about her fav character in Greys Anatomy
i would to issue a big bag of fuck you!!!!!
Im tired and bored... but ill stay up anyway
Bottle of wine at Cole Vines !
In a meeting at Starbucks kind of eavesdropping on MTV VP explain to their next reality show personalities how to they have to act on camera
Stress is just your mind being confused on why you didn't choke the hell out that asshole...
hey buddy how was your first semester of college
Going to the lake tomorrow for the whole week xD
Charleston / 95 Freeway at work. :(
Great ! x+1
get up and do something about it
Realizing more and more how college is so not a real era in life.
starting Black Jack part I :D
I see the great master of sideburns on the mound
How quickly people move on.
They want $125 for the guitar, $150 for the amp
I like rumi if it's same rumi I read a few books about her back in ancient India I like one story in particular
you stole my heart!! Think of you any time,any place,anywhere!!!!!
Don't forget to tag RaeLynn's Prom & Social Occasion Boutique in your Prom Photos! We love seeing our dresses and tuxedos on our wall!!
AND an excellent helper at that. Got a new dark-grey pinstripe. Thank's Colin!
whenever boo, just hit me up.
Three things in human life are important: The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind. - Henry James
I thought you were on our team?
that is a good area to snag we snag on the Sac River
I think beer might be tomorrow's cure-all. Because I think today's crazy is going to carry over.
Yes, I did, I taught Nia this morning and I am going to do it again at 6 pm. How about you? Did you move your body today?
T minus 6 days til my first #halfmarathon #soexcited training has been amazing. I'm stronger and faster then ever.
What do we do
WMYB has 100 million views. RT if you watched it before 1 million.
You are welcome!!
It's not at all impossible that Rick Santorum is a profit and that all of you filthy liberals making fun of Him are basically morons.
iOS needs an option key!
Might hop on and head down to the WH after this speech is over..
I wanna go to sleep soo bad.
ouf beh, gotta get the word out somehow!
Travel Sports Baseball is proud to announce our newest tournament director, Prime Time Sports Assoc.
Agreed. I talked about how he needs to come out and support same-sex marriage this morning on "Forward". He must listen ;)
oh that response is comforting. Haha
Txt Getinked to 96362 to become an Old Town Ink VIP and receive specials, upcoming event info, and promotions!!
we are doing an intervention for a twitpause Dan e Virgi
TY! RT : Making a coffee before a fun hour at #DesignBizChat COME JOIN :)
Omg can't wait till Katy perry comes to Houston in July so cool
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature. Zeno
You're not in Jr. High, so you wouldn't know...
If you're able & inclined pray for rain to stop... Starting to come under door into our family room
": Lester hasn't been quite as bad as his 4R, 8H line suggests. Four hits on grounders (3 weak grounders)" we watching same game?
and the ball is in my court. I win lol
Hold on to your butts!
Pay attention!! We're LIVE! (and there will be a quiz!)
By now the dancers are the biggest stars.
Dang... looking dapper in the 3-piece suit.
I was sort of annoyed by the arrogance of this deal until I realized that I too could register a private word.
nor, it increasingly seems, enough resources
When a person demands a critic get a new job they just don't like a particular take, right? Or do they want an army of critic carpenters?
Hearing music, texting and tweeting in class like a fucking boss.
FREE Absolute Beginners Yoga today 11AM. Get on the mat!
Awww....thanks so much! RT Can I just say... I LOVE working with the folks at the Prado.
Idk y I'm sleepy
i'd love to check you out. if i follow you will you follow me back?
Ugh I'll be paying my school loans for quite some time =/
surrounded by your top students.
do you play draw something??
I used to tweet awesome crap now it's just pure shit. But idgaf.
I just might! ;)
Please pray all those caught up in addictions, that they would find Christ as the only and all sufficient addiction they need...
Today, I am using my ability to see & understand what others can't RE: the New Testament & ancient history. Will report back w/ findings.
What's your gut telling you today on the nuggets/lakers game 7? You were right for game 5.
The 2012 Oscar nominations will be announced in LA tomorrow. Best of luck to Woody Allen and the "Midnight in Paris" actors and crew!
I shall.
... equity and access, I can see these commonalities
Aww are you hun i'll be in your family
Seriously? I can't see his feet from here.
Enjoy your #MLKDay!
I like that word - intrapreneurial. I gotta use that :)
She is.
dam rippin buddy.. Leave him a Lil dignity
well can u call after?
People with ugly belly buttons.
you look beautiful Elise! How was your day?
Just goin to get some Oj then ill finish
Try to direct them to quiet reading room, but they complain about the chairs. Can't please everyone.
Thank you. I use the nikon d300s and a 50mm set lens. :) I love them.
All-nighter puller just heard the Radiolab about AI and is terrified.
-Thanks for the shout out!
You got it dude! (Yes that was said like Michelle Tanner from Full House)
Help get us to our goal of 200 on out Justin Bieber account ? It would mean a lot guys, + we follow back, just ask <U+2665>
Now you're just somebody that I used to know !
I buy toms and what happens? Theres two left shoes in the box -____-
WIN A #Flipcam ! Are you following us on Facebook? #giveaway www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
They're now giving you the whole show for only a little more than that now. So anime can hardly be considered overpriced here now.
that's a little ironic RT : I HATE WHEN PEOPLE DON'T TEXT BACK
ehhh can't decide which picture I want!
RT Prosecution in #Huguely trial will rest if all the evidence was properly entered - court is taking a lunch break till 2:00
Math gave me a headache so I went to sleep and gave up lol
I see my future (2015]
Happy #StPattysDay birthday to our friens Cheers!!!
I hate it when my ex husbands right...
In B6- The real "Philadelphia" story. Really excited!
Yeh, its not always easy, but ya gotta just do it. Be yourself, dont try too hard, dont worry about rejection, blah-blah-blah. :)
then my job here is done.
Soon hopefully! Yes. Drinks are a must - I'll keep you posted
Missing files are the worst - I guess I'm starting from scratch
So Liriano's good for 1 2/3 inning? Good to know.
Now following . :)
I just passed 3 trucks with Georgia license plates and it made me so sad. I think I'm more homesick now than I've ever been and idk why.. =(
Michael Lohan collapsing at an AA meeting brings new meaning to "Let Go, Let God".
Woke up....just to see I didn't get that call o_0...*sigh* I knew it
Im threw makin other mothafuckas happy ; time ta do for me n make me happy
"jumanji can stress a bitch out"
I have my old number back..big issues..I'll dm u my new one..and we'll talk tonight..I promise :)
: Do you know how lucky you are!?!
That's shit crazy
RT : 5.0 earthquake in boston just now. Colon ran over to first base
I saw them haha
"I look a DICKS all day"
good call
I miss having a dog at home and travel too much for work/fun these days to get another. I'd love a dog time-share though!
better & more melancholy obit of Clark Gable daughter in the Times. Real sad
i love take your child to work day. it makes me feel tall.
Good lord going through these server log files is like finding a needle in a haystack. Too verbose.
woow u are beautiful
got that old school Benny beaver sticker on my car
that's not from the Heat somebody did a fake tweet under Heat @ name, had to be.
Up early. Where u headed?
NaLee a wonderous new fantasy check it out at NaLee2010.com the beginning of a TRILOGY ebook $1
Alrighty, g'night peoples :) ... I'll deff be on here a lot more now that the ScottySwag stuff is over :)
S'more the merrier!
Something happened. About damn time.
Good-god, Andy.
Chicago to Brussels.
Opening night of that; Crowd was so pumped they cheered the DTS trailer. I believe that was the 1st DTS film.
we had respect & good sense to know we were not bigger than the team, thanks Chet. Iverson wanted franchise player privileges.
That's the timeline, Brandon. McNamee said it started when he was w/ Toronto. Not Boston or New York.
KEWL I will let her know what I come up with
Damm miss my ride to glassgow that sucks...../:
#CLIPPERS POSTGAME: when asked about his hand " It could be doing better, but doing ok considering the circumstances."
Yup I'm getting sick... UGH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
• What starts with "t" ends with "t" and is filled with "t"?
Looking back on music...#SimplyAmazing:) Each album
MIAMI THIS SUMMER
Remember voting ends today. Last chance to (hopefully) vote for But whoever you vote for, just vote.
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets. ~Author Unknown
Didn't know there was a #trayvonmartin rally in #Baltimore today. Explains all the hoodies I saw on drive home.
Just. Met. Taylor. Omg
Trophy ads foreshadowing? James w/trophy, Bosh w/trophy: they never won a trophy. Are these promo spots a foreshadowing of the NBA's will?
sadly can't seat us so we're next door at The Local--Nicolette btwn 9th and 10th
Descaling Your Coffee Machine - Q&A
Check out - The Bearded Tourist's pick for the best ruined castle in Scotland!
back to da r..enjoyed apple chill wit
greatest man alive
Well, honey if u have not already vouchered those, we prolly won't get the certificate!
Just picked up my book selection, Friday Night Lights, from - pumped for next week! Also, that it's 312 season!
bet!!! CHECKOUT MEECH DOGGS'S JUICED UP on youtube thanks for the follow.
Today's run is best described in two words... EPIC FAIL :'(
I'm in the car, headed to TN. Sounds good, right? ....Eli is driving...
English class ...* yawns*
its still boring as fuk save me
Sign up for The Irish Pub annual golf outing Sept 16th. Free booze & food after party. holla @ www.facebook.com/theirishpubmilwaukee Cheers
Valentines day
A thousand wasted Brooklyners all depressed The ins and outs of supper's chest He'll only be a friend if he touches your breast
it was ehhhhh
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you're not me :o)
I need some BI SQL Gurus as well for Seattle
Good Morning.... Happy Tuesday. :-)
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is making classic fangs for two clients today! Book now for next week!
Also, let's be honest: Mel Chin's Texan accent rules. The man is a rockstar.
Tonight I get to go see & meet a band that not only I'm directing a video for but one of the bands that shaped who i am today! Super Stoked!
thankx 4 following: Expierence my guitar& become a fan www.reverbnation.com/rufar0KLets Blues out!
Seeing Kasey Keller makes me feel a little better.
lexus would have to come from a business purchase. I'll look into the Acura.
Im so excited for younow!! I cant wait! Lat weeks was AMAZING! (: <U+2665>
Thanks for the follow :) Have an awesome weekend
Working my way through a bottle of scotch. The anxiety of this upcoming press conference is giving me the nervous farts.
Broaden your range of services to include video, podcasts, news, social content and so forth -
for you to do
I gave my mother a complete annotated copy of the new Henry & Glenn Forever & Ever #1. So, now she might be able to understand the jokes.
I knew you would go. Good time ahead.
Another "W" for the One game under .500.
Can't wait to hear this live with our boy in the band!!!
yeah it does..
Energy independence: "the last truly bipartisan policy aim in Washington, and the least plausible one"-Charles Homans (if fossil dependent!)
#occupystudentdebt RT Occupy Steve Instead of writing my essay due tomorrow I'm applying for food stamps.
excellent, but the tomahawk on Dwight was better, Russ the highest vertical leap in the NBA!!!
Um.. thats a good question. probably not as long as it seems like
Have a great day Kay!
Finally got that first W
mercifully no
watch out if kroger offers you 10,000 for a shot!
lick my asshole
New #southpark. Can't wait
I like this screen name better than
My brother turning 1 today yea big boy lol and he still can't talk or walk wat a shame
I wonder if cattle ever think "at least it's not an airport"
So cold. So cold. So cold.
-- robin harris was in houseparty, not ced the entertainer
Especially guys.
I hate when someone tells me "You've been MIA".. um NO.. I'm just living MY life
Must raise hand and ask what is lubricated content vs liquid?
Oh, I hope it holds here in #SGF until I can get to the dog park!
Just found out Molly Ringwald is still alive...
“: I just wanna find someone god,someone that's actually worth my time” Me O:
its always the ones who talk so much about it that don't know how to. don't talk the talk, if u can't walk the walk
Mid-day #dancebreaks are one of my favorite afternoon pick-me-ups! Next up for us? Evening #winetime! Let's make it happen!
How are things now? New month, new dreams!
Colorado Springs really was great!, and a couple of days out on a ranch! Wonderful after two months of driving, now, to Amarillo Wed., and
« be snapping.. gotta love her»
On that Saturday grind. B Swann in da building. Lol
Not gonna lie, I would expect a book titled Gilt to be set in the late 1800s, not the 1500s.
# UCLA baseball's motivational speaker = Charlie Sheen. #FightOn!
Today is TAP OUT Monday from 4pm-7pm $3.00 Draft beers(Domestic) $4.00 Draft Beers (Imports&IPA) Come join us at
Bmore on Thursday nights got me like WHOA
I'm not happy about your new update -- cannot access my old tags or search through them.
i back the little boy business.
Bear down gymcats!
Same yo, I'm making a sign
good morning! How are you?
!!! RT : You can't make excuses for adults.
Is Austin Doin Austream Today? :o
What do you do when a christian Cut you With the scriptures
Excited to see the KDA Dancers on the Encore Stage this weekend! Good Luck Dancers...
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite animal?
yess love it:)
My brother says tht if he could he would marry Taylor Swift...:)
CHATTUP Lame Butt(x
almost never right?
Start preparing now for your addition of Google+ to your company social media marketing with #google+
I'm sure that's going to work out real well.
He's been crawling back to me for the last 2 years...do you think you're actually special? Lol.
lol, omg he is adorable!
Friday night and looks like im stayin home.
I get an "F" in Replying to Texts, but an "A" in Falling Asleep to Zombies vs. Unicorns!
#mydream is to be kissed by the perfect guy when the clock strikes midnight on new years eve.(:
you got my name wrong so I never saw your tweet, hope you girls are having fun
My granny just told my sister she was going to dust her... lol lady rrrrrreeeeeeaaaaalllll crazy
Tomorrow interview with Ryan Clark of chat about the new album & win a DH library prize pak
im going to shower .
The sunrise on my drive on to work is spectacular. Like a "good morning" from heaven.
Is my angel<3
A "visit" hidden inside a business trip... Can Mei (baby) ride Charlotte or the new puppy?
he's #1 on the list!!! That's my babie I don't care lmao
Thank you for the retweet !
S/O to for, well, his wisdom! He's the real deal & may just convince me that not all men are pieces of shit.
SMH RT : how everything been going on your side of time
CASTING CALL FEMALE BARTENDERS ON WASH AVE...PLEASE EMAIL RESUME IF INTERESTED
What did you think of Fergie's Dress?
iIl finally be able to drive my self around rather than relying on people !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Thank you and for the suggestions and links.
Too many dimes, need a homie wish yall were with me in the sun. Bring a liter
RT : and rain boots! SMH! Lol < WORD! Hair wrapped and all that!
AWHG all day man
I'm looking for you to take congressman rengel's place frat.
WHAT IT DO FUCKERS
how's James Harden jr doing these days? Am i missed in the heights?
Jenny I'm talking for everyone XD
This is the winter weather we're used to in #Roc ...and so it begins
Love the pre-session tunes to get us in the mood to talk about baby boomers & public libraries in Transforming Life after 50
RT : RT : We can never control a classroom until we control ourselves.
Ofcourse! two of the most important reasons for living here every day!
I think you're right, yes. I've never actually seen "rapeseed" oil on the shelf. How is the old country??????
John Seely Brown's presentation is posted!www.childrensmuseums.org/index.php/interactivity-conference.html
Thing that gets me about O'Shea's arrest is he was pulled over for seat-belt violation. Apparently hasn't been talking to Michael Ohlman.
I don't really have feelings for guys anymore.
"Psychologsts say a crush only lasts for 4 mnths wen last longer you are considered to be n love" guess science sais Im in love
Q1: We waited until my step-daughter woke up & joined us in bed. I stressed first that the doctors said everything would be fine.
Being vomited on by an Asian geek = not a good way to continue the weekend.
Get user acceptance testing in as SOON as possible - uncomfortably early #astd2012 leaving ADDIE behind for SAM
“The problem with putting two and two together is that sometimes you get four, and sometimes you get twenty-two.”
My government exist to rebuild infrastructure, rebuild learning institutions, deliver my mail, We owe it to our children
I like your bio :)
ok I dont wanna be a bother if ur busy
Call Me Maybe is an awesome song nd i love the video nd more
Remember that mysterious doctor's appointment Kyron was said to have had.?Sources tell KATU step-mom did tell school Kyron would be absent
Ugh! When will it ever end?!
A glass of moscato :)
At the center of our agency is our freedom to form a healthy attitude toward whatever circumstances we are placed in! -Neal A. Maxwell
Having such a good day!!!
Excited for jello shots Saturday
me too and its easier to go with the truth regardless of how bad it may b
Easy Mac for dindin
"mile high" mix now playing to get my work day started.
Tebow did a fine job taking Denver to this point. Time will tell about what is next.
' An we wonder why I do the shit . . .
Women play better mind games, but men play the game better. Lol
I might go downtown indy
I don't have any
Brandon's baseball team took 1st place for the season & 1st place in the post season tournament. Way to go RACERS!!!!!!
Watching bratz with my sister
Is it too much to ask for an older person to debate me who actually knows a thing or too about politics?!
Congrats on the new gig!
Thanks again for last night's dialogue. Different topic this time, but interesting and engaging as always! :)
I bet there's nothing more awkward than being dragged to Priscilla: Queen of The Desert by your wife
...and chance favors the prepared mind!
Q2: (1 of 3) NY Post columnist Mushnick continues to feel heat for column from Fri which dealt w/ Nets' rebranding effort.
2:00 to go...let's not leave this up to a field goal please
Big thanks to & for a great talk this morning Awesome talk, performance & free !
I Got My Hustle From Hova + My Stuntin' From Baby.
Gratitude to for RTs &
Why is my Facebook so fast..=.="
YES. I SHALL WATCH AND RECORD THIS EVERY DAY.
New interviews to be posted soon :)
At least now you know you could beat it in a race!
Thank you for the follow!!
cool never heard it
Visited city dental clinic in Barcelona. Only cost 45 Euros for a temporary crown. Fast, painless, ultra modern. Spain's healthcare a dream.
San Franciscians, is going to be in town in the beginning of July for a clinic and show!
New Nuggets look nice. 3 in a row?
With all of this data available, retailers can get a vivid picture of the marketplace in a very short amount of time.
i know real columbians and theyre olive skinned with black hair and brown eyes shes like the complete opposite
chillen with the lads, watching the game.. favorite football team?
Awesome! What bike shop do you tend to go to?
that is quick, believe it or not!
"You are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain" ~
I'm glad that I'm not like super duper skinny
I hope one day I will get to meet you personally <3333
I want the one that rotates!
Asked to : "Do I look like an easter egg?" Response: "No. You look like a Faberge egg."
I really appreciate the continued support!
That Bobby Tillman story was very sad. Should get same attention as Trayvon. (Not the same thing I know, but sad nonetheless.)
hey boo happy valentines day!
They sell pre-boiled eggs here in Florida, too. I think they are also called picnic eggs! Can also buy a single egg for lunch. (^V^)
people love me...isn't it obvious
Ok wait a minute.
What I'd do just to have my best friend back.
I still hate the Gatlin boys. Leave my Becky alone.
You have any minutes to chat this afternoon? Let me know and when you are not triple booked being a marketing godess! :-)
now I no how u felt when u were bullied ;( ppl are saying shit bout me on twitter and posting crap pics of me
I've drank a ton of their beers... I figure I should check out the place where my money is going haha
Cheating for the bloodwork portion of my annual physical tomorrow.
when are we gonna get Steve Javie on courtside and get the real story??
You betcha! I know the feeling!! LOL. How are things? Is it still snowing up there?
Ready for the #Brewers to get home from the west coast. 9:15pm starts suck!
RT : "We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true." - Dennis Waitley.
substantive indeed! I have very few arguments, mostly just do it for the lulz.
Excellent effort by Longwell there... #Packers 38, #Vikings 3 - too early for predictions?
Yes, I did: on canvas, silk, metal and the acrylic panels
There's like nothing to tweet about!!!!
the happiest place on Earth just happens to be the porniest place on Earth....coincidence? Perhaps not!
follow Shackleton to Antarctica. "Scurvy almost got me once before and I did not intend to allow it a do-over." aka
lol Ontario isn't that far :p
Ha of course you went today when I didnt. Did you get the test back?
Be sure to let us be your source of music entertainment for 2012 and beyond! Now booking for weddings,parties, and special events.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I love the Dallas Mavericks
can sombreros like....block rain?
4 gear: acquisition, engagement, monetization and enlistment --> viral customer loop #LiNC Social Tornado
My kids got to hand feed stingrays yesterday! What a cool thing! (stingers were cut off)
Having thoughts of blending a burger and fries...
It's time #BBN showed some much needed love and throw him a offer
follow and please :D x28
It's really hot outside like zammmmn....
Sitting baking in this heat.
My thousands of parishonrs take issue on your #GOP 'name-calling'-That's ALL #GOP got- 'Name-calling1=YOU LOSE!
hahaha it might be 80's-tastic like your profile pic! Love it. Will send one soon xoxo
Church Was So Good Last Nite!!
You're good at giving advice, but not following your own.
MY MAEMAE. WHAT IS WRONG </3
thx for rock's da runway.
/ wat it do everybody
This chicks backpack in front of me smells like damn fish
Philly aint scared of da pressure
dude....you really gotta warn me about these things from now on...i would actually rather be "studying"
HEY ALLI THIS IS EMMA FROM EMMANDABB! I FINALLY MADE A TWITTER JUST FOR ME! :D
SO EXCITED for
Another beautiful day!! :) going to spend some time outside today!!
Chapel note: Rockefeller Chapel seats approximately 1,700. RT : How many people does Rockefeller seat?
Looking for a new headshot photographer & going through my 103-page comedy. Hopefully, printing it out will give me some new eyes.
i had to swallow a pill right now :( hahahah
Beware of Bogus Property Rentals and Tenants with Too-Good-to-be-True Offers
Cannot wait for this bottle - amazing concept
#morningmusic is The Shins'
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether peanut butter and jelly
Done and done.
Submit your abstracts at:
RT : What kills us isn't one big thing, but the accumulation of a thousand tiny obligations we can't say no to.
This pissing me off
"$86 million dollars"? I expect better from you.
Thank you! : Yes, is quite fab!! RT : Discovered gorgeous bridal hair accessories by
Why where flip flops if ur feet are dirty
Need something to do.
Bomb threat at tamiu =/
Trying to teach a tiny person how to sleep has to be the most infuriating, frustrating, hair-pulling thing I've ever done.
i wonder if the rap industry would be different if her wasnt
Dear Alec Baldwin: <U+200B>I am afraid I have to be the one to tell you that you have a problem, and you need to get help. (CONT)
The countdown continues -- one more day until I hop on a plane to Kailua Kona! A much needed vacation :)
you now owe me a pint for every point
Just got my money's worth from the rights and digitization session. Best session yet!
sorry, I've been off the grid. Tell me next time and I'll retweet you! :/
The median age of home buyers is the highest in the last decade.The typical age of home buyers rose to 45 in 2011 from 39 in 2010.
You're like a dope Hip Hop song. Climbing the charts in a House dominated countdown. xo
Sure, you first? x
826 Valencia is amazing programs and amazing people. Congrats on 10 years!
morning my friend
It's hailing for the second time today :-)
really? I know someone at EA, I'm gonna message him about it
My colds almost gone I feel better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I'm ready to get my tanning on....
Happy Easter Everyone! <U+2665>
about to go out to eat before going to the dance <3
Woke up early to meditate my mind
Happy three in the morning!
Doctor, doctor / gimme the news, I got a / bad case of lovin brews
's "The Information" —always the default album while designing. just so good
It's Friday! Hope everyone had a great week and wishing everyone a great weekend!
One of the hard parts of being a public law librarian: balancing my want for open data with making sure people can use it
No practice this weekend as the fields are still covered in snow.
Night night twitter... Happy mothers day to me :)
Thanks appreciate your support!
don't forget the Lionel Richie country duet cd
Many tweets from #paywall12. Great stuff even if I can't be there.
Your attitude and your potential go hand in hand.
I applaud your minimalist concept.. I say one year before it goes out.
RT Worry is a waste of energy.It cant change the past or control the future. It just makes you miserable today.
damn bruh...you tryna kill some pussy......we on the same shit!!!
I just gave a homeless man $9.00 & my lunch. He asked me if I had an extra halloween costume. As a matter of fact i do.
#JOBSAct may allow for direct marketing by #hedgefunds and #privateequity. No changes to #accreditedinvestor standards though.
Congrats on wrapping #glee season 3!
Rewatching Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy on demand…amazing how much there is to see even watching a 2nd time.
Im totally on my period lately. Sorry if youve faced my wrath.
Gotta be up in a couple hours....going back to htown today....slowly but surely leaving Austin behind....
We will surely do what we can to generate some, stay tuned for a blog post featuring your talk and video!
I asked my bestfriend brittany what the spanish word essay meant in english. she said "oh, its a short story that you write"
Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons make me feel like they’re all panicked over who’s getting deleted next.^.^
What you doing..
"Walk Away Renee," by The Left Banke -- one of the most underrated songs of all time.
RT : Voices United wrote: A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. – Ayn Rand
"Everything is gonna be fine. Everything will work itself out, you'll see"
#trudat happens to me everyday
RT : Clear goals and passion help to define success.
The Westown Farmer's Market is open today! You can find produce, kettle corn, honey, lunch items and more at today's market!
The cheese has been moved to an undisclosed location.
LOL it would be illegal for AT&T to tell you they have 4G if they didn't...
Well America, we can see how important conservatism is to the American people. The conservative candidates are in single digits. Wake up!!!
nutty professor so funny
I really see now flaws in the album just som rare of key-ness :P
Today is the first day of classes for the spring semester! Welcome back students!
Neurocrine Biosciences' CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha
#ALA11 During ALA Annual PSAs on the value of libraries were recorded with Jeff Kinney, Molly Shannon, Harlan Coben and Brandon Sanderson.
amen>“: Religion is a horrible substitute for relationship with JESUS. It feels the same sometimes but the results are different.
Earth day fact: Owls are probably the stupidest of all the raptors
Sidney Hillman helped elect FDR and brig about the New Deal. #hillman2012. Foundation honors muckraking journalists.
I wasn't butt hurt...I was just letting you know you were erroneous in your assertions regarding Joe Rogan.
Awww that's adorable.
Haha, that is fantastic!!
power is back on, thanks!
baby blue on olive green on black on orange. Most favorite shoes I own!
#YouShouldntEver doubt me... That will be the worst mistake of your life!!!
Nice comeback effort for KU. #Mizzou is going to hang on to win this one.
But now it's not dark at 7pm!
i wish I could be austins "her" in his tweets . <3
#mikec recommends you don't miss a second of
ha ha. Thanks for ruining Titanic for me :P
Lmfao guess I'm just lucky I got ms. Hudson. Yay !
I DO NOT LIKE MONDAYS! :(
whoa! At which Target unacceptable.
OMG some #supermarkets have hired a #taskforce to protect #Tidedetergent! Lmao
check yr bin laden link, he didn't condone the tractor idea.
missing you! Hope Howard and Arizona are being good to you!
So happy I got to stay hone today!!!!
Doing my nails and Indulging the scent of Randee Zandee, Yum Yum! Coconut, lime & vanilla. What a trance.
RT : Best wishes and loving concern 4 all storm victims 2day. So sorry. Be safe.
sophomore year is going by so fast.. I want to
I never figured it out until today. Lol. Justin Thomas.
remember back in the day when #yolo used to be cool? oh wait...that was never so you can shut up now
when is the #rain supposed to hit the area - Mainly 65 south toward Louisville? I'm traveling that way after work..
Please send a Happy Birthday message tomorrow!!!!!! It would mean a lot to her please and thank you!!!!
Whoever is hacking into this get the f off ! Go away!
“: John Adams drank a tankard of hard cider each day and had the occasional beer for breakfast.
I wish that people on the wine "left" were as enthusiastic about the political left. The Hollande tweets from natural wine crowd baffles me.
#FridayReads is a book worth paying overdue fines to finish: THE SNOWMAN by Jo Nesbø.
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
I actually just corrected it!
What am I supposed to do without internet?!?
Oh my goodness, I love cereal.
mother says you need to spend the night
Which is user friendly for those of us not so tech savvy?
Nice. RT : A student just brought me lifesavers for helping her yesterday. yay candy! :D
Table to Table: Highlights of the Week in Washington's Food Events
ou cant play on the road nuff said
me too! I've texted and tweeted her with no response :(
new years bout 2 be here
i know! when i get on a computer, imma ad you. (:
Harvey Danger - Flagpole Sitta
I'll look at your opportunity at
Pumped up kicks!
Put that spice on your taco!
I'm good living my life the way it should be. U still playing football
Wow! Looks like a great networking group.
Arsenault says #UNICEF is part of system governed by member states. Work in this but sometimes have to maintain independence.
excited for 's new show "Inside the Locker Room with Doc Walker and " It starts today from 2-4pm.
Since the Goodie Mob days, You inspire me. Always have.
I want a jayhawk
Lmfao!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : #StillFunny ===&gt; RT : U gon get what's coming to u tho Caramel is a bitch
>>>> Now, you knw you gone have to give me directions cus it dnt show up on my GPS.... Lol
The most dreaded words in the English language: six thirty in the morning.
Thanks, Claire!
do you have a phone? That means i want your number but dont wanna seem awkward.
Interesting info!
Not if you love me, which you do. :D
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :))
SEE YOU **AFTER HOURS** AT AMNESIA !!! 4250 THOUSAND OAKS - DOORS AT 1AM !!!
Dirty foot fight.
I am going to sleep like a queen tonight after buying my new down bed and down comforter... Can't wait! :)
Im starving
Watching the avengers again tonight :D
" Snap! ". Layton saying we don't need more prisons, when the crooks are all happy in the Senate. Did he just say that!?
Seriously, have you tried our Buffalo Chicken pizza yet?!
IZD passes, delaying Tulane stadium. Crazy how little respect cowen/tulane gets after how much this school has done for New Orleans
hangin with mr. cooper?
Awkward when you mean to send a text to your girlfriend and send it to your friend instead.
what do mean was pregnant
As far as TM goes, any word on any DLC?
This Charlie Sheen roast is so mean-love it.
You bet!
"You're like a sucking chest wound, the only way to shut you up is to kill myself."
new icon :)
Going to my little cousins football game with the whole family !
has arrived in houston - florida was much warmer!
If you see Christmas lights on Hansen's tail on Saturday, I'd remind you that cancelling your bet IS an option.
Idk what to talk about now. Hahah
I love that feeling when I find a couple of #dollars in pocket I forgot I had....
haha idk it just made me giggle cause it sounded like a creepy tweet
Really looking forward to this fall. I guess it is time for me to finish up my faraday cage. ;)
Facebooks posts: its raining. Its raing. Omg its raining
Frisco next Friday!! Yes!
yes awake. Taking a break from printing.
He can't have friends...none that respect him anyway.
I forgot dads bracelet again! :( I hate this feeling! :(
i'm staying up just for him i want to make him mine .
In the first few years in the English settlement at Jamestown, colonists built small, isolated, fortified structures- called blockhouses
Okay, what's with the huge fire southwest of downtown Milwaukee?
Still looking for folks #dcm13 highlights!
And that's our night! See you tomorrow at 3p, 5:30p, and 7:30p for more great new work #creative. Tickets still available $5!
Drop it drop it drop it low..
Our first international Campus Rep !
no. I LOVE YOU
RT : Shindig this FRIDAY!! Alex Wilson Band & Kane Place Record Club at BBC's Upstairs this Fri @ 9pm Get your tix shindig.it
If you didn't get tickets to the show tomorrow at Jammin Java, come see us play an acoustic set at our van outside the venue after the show!
Praying for a good outcome
True? says the words are NOT "Get this party started on a Saturday night. Get this party started? That's for me to decide"
Just came back from yoga. It's just amazing how good it makes you feel :))
My feet are killing me:/ when i come, remind me not to wear my sandals when we go to six flags~ lol
I needa get laid
Good turn out a the Parish Council meeting- 3!(1 after 20 mins) who says democratic governement is dead?
You don't have to like me. I'm not some facebook status
same here. has a classic simplicity
Did you know K&M has been around for more than 30 years!!
Special thanks to OU alum & his start up connecting with students today during "out to lunch"
I'm actually happy with 100 pages
we did not mean to be exclusionary. That section is from our sister site & not sure why it was picked. I will pass on your note!
its okkay! dont worry about it ! and thanks! LOL
Followed EVERYONE Back , Back To HARD WORK & Dance Tommorow For The Dollz(:
Just heard your song #putyourheartsup while shopping in ocean beach California ! Love you
There's something fishy going on here... RT : Made Swai fish tonight, it was good but I think I like tilapia better
The facts are clear, it's minds that sometimes are not. If it's bad, it's bad. Lies are bad. Some people can't tell lies from truth - yet.
When I have a jail dance I'm in a full out jail suit but when dance moms girls have a jail dance they're in the cutest things ever
I wish!
Modern Touch this Wednesday @ Jet Lounge (1515 Pease)... 18+, no cover, $3 wells, CD giveaways! Cuba Gooding Jr & Kiyoshi
We have a social media policy. One of the first things we decided to do. We will constantly update & review w firm members. Cc
- fuck your feelings.
thanks Taylor! Wish we could have been there!
Thank You. Appreciate the support. RT : Good luck with the show RT : Ayron Jones: He's still THAT...
Do men/women pick out their own wedding rings? Or is it a surprise (appearance of ring) on wedding?
#BloccRich at the Tiki Bar TONIGHT in Santa Ana
Champagne & Chickenheadz gotta play after Rack City!
#RespectTheDJ - one of the 4 elements of hip hop - let us know if you need more exposure. Call us 410.513.9199
Anyone have any advice about driving in the middle of the night in 20 degree weather as far as windshield icing up? Shouldnt be snowing....
I think I need to keep on speed dial!
I wish I had DVR.
nope back in #LA got booked on a job. :-)
check your mentions
Heading out to radio w Jenny, () she's on @ 7:40am ...& to check in with who is guest hosting today! Tune in.
the people they went with are annoying lol
your the one always tweeting about eating. If people didn't see your picture they would assume your a fat kid. # YouKnowI'mRight
A new writer joins the staff at WhatDoWePlayNext.com. Check out VikingAce55's first article now.
Was invited to a party with the option of getting Botox. I thought that was a TV joke.
50/50 is making me cry so much :'(
It is in very poor taste that the bar I'm in right now is playing Lady Gaga's "Judas" right now.
unfortunately I have been there.
You not feeling the Xbox? ps3
i need a xanax and a night light.
you mean 2 tell me cant nobody answer da phone?!? all i wanted was some head phones
That's fantastic! Trying to think of what we're putting out there besides Twitter and blog, though...or is that what you mean?
I wonder if a follow up visit requires a sperm sample. Fuck it, just incase.
Kanye vs. Jay vs. Wayne: Who do you guys think is the best rapper alive? (currently making music, obviously, or it would be andre 3k)
Glad I could help.
Uribe might have made that play at 3rd if he wasn't busy blowing a bubble with his gum
OMG. 9 houses in one day?! Marathon! We made an offer on #6. I'm impatient though. :)
Have a need for speed? Experience indoor go kart racing at ’s Hollywood, FL location!
If we allow internet censorship & the wholesale deletion of content, we kill history. Take it from an archivist #SOPA #PIPA MT
i will definitely try to make it, can i make a song request? Can u sing fresh oil? God, that would be awesome...God bless!
Hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day.
thanks Ryan! Looking forward to ALSD...
Hope so!! $4 Sake bombs Fridays!
I'm Back! My computer crashed but up and running now :-)
look at a girl slp lol :-)
#birthdaycake for #breakfast it gonna be an amazing day!
It's possible to find a great costume at a low price
taking my own coffee cup with me while walking & talking to people in office hallways. my 1st time.reminded me of my prof in graduate school
ITNS will likely be talked about for a long time. Sound long term #penny stock.
ya maybe !
And Hate Leprechauns are REALLY mean. U have been warned!
Vegan Chocolate Yeast Bread | Cheeky Kitchen
Sprinting to catch the 28x to the airport.
Very sad to hear of the passing of a true talent and a beautiful person... Rest in peace Whitney Houston.
getting ready to sell my house in Seattle (University Park / Ravenna). Let me know if you know anyone who is looking.
did u hear Gaga will be in Cleve this summer!? & elton john is coming/did come to the covelli center...isn't that beyond weird?
Phuck. Double episode.
Blue Angels are buzzing the house.
Baltimore folk: I know we have a hackathon and bmorefail. Is there anyone interested in doing a culinary equivalent?
Time to get my lineup ready for the summer...who tryna be on Team Jette? #AcceptingApplications lol...bums need not apply.
Thanks for the post and the article link. Just what I needed for something I'm working on.
Do you ever have days where it is free to visit?
I know this is a big one, but all i want for Xmas is a Bears win over the Packers!!
Reminder! The library closes at 6 pm today & reopens Sat. 11-6. Regular hours resume Sunday at 11 a.m. Have a great break!
If the braves do big things in the playoffs i believe he will come back
Yeah, I got section 204, Row 3. Right Field Bleachers. I'll take it.
My DL says I weigh 135 and for the first time in my life I weigh less.
thanks for the retweet!
There's always next year. organizer had a great time at the London Zine Symposium a few years!
ehh we will manage ;)
Thanks, guys!
lmao no man. I just fogot to get windex this morning.
guy loves excel
Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I tweeted to much......I still do :)
I gave her hundreds of dollars every week, always said I was a "good provider"..but she never saved it..harsh reality when I was gone..
2 days isn't enough at this point LoL. NOT ENOUGH AT ALL!!!!!! We're basically going to be a wasteland soon.
Lolololol. Are you going to midnight softball or w/e the hell it is tonight?!
Teacher:You're a half hour late to class Me: lol
oh you know, that boy!
#iwouldtrademy 7s cardinals or bordeuxs for some aqua 8s... Just really want the 8s right now.. :)
are all these tweets to me boosting my klout score?
Planning a trip to CSTA Conference Alfred? John Wayne Airport (SNA / KSNA).
Back at work today! I missed you crazy kids!
#freaksandgeeks all night.
finally got a break from work-___-
You look beauti....fat
Definitely. “: Secretly, I hope Marc Myers' blog wins the JJA Jazz Award for outstanding jazz blog come June.”
that's the thing that kills me! He does eat what he wants and still has 'em... I sniff them and Ka-Boom Thunder thighs ;)
3rd time through spoon's "transference." low key, stripped down, and a large improvement over ga ga ga ga ga (especially w/ the album title)
You are both creative and lovely and inspirational.
We miss you, but hope you are having fun!
I love Starlite! Have fun!
When I move I will have absolutely no excuse to not go to the Y since it's within walking distance. We will see how that turns out <U+E105>
hi new york
My prayers go to Haiti and Indonesia. I cant even imagine whats its like.
Nice. Then there's nothing to be ashamed of.
How can a who is who of the world hold annual meetings and it not receive a drop of ink in reporting? Decade after Decade? FREEPRESSWOW
Live music tonight at 6. Kick off tour Shaky Hand Band.
Haha okay good!! :) Don't go too crazy on me though Haha gotta make it look good
well during webcast I tweeted about 128 times in 2 hrs. I was tweeting as fast as hands could type ;)
Played through the pain.
MPT Cole engages in very interesting discussion over the broader impact of bundling limits
no more taking my credit cards on runs... especially when I run past stores... eek
Welcome to tech week. :|
I knew this #CUSE team was going to be good. Idk if I thought they would win 30 in the reg season n 17 in
Good news, shows even better now! RT We just added our boys Like Moths To Flames () to the #NeverBackDown CD release show!!
The lighting on virgin planes is so...sex. I love it. Black lights make me happy.
Aren't i such a hypocrite? Sorry.
Rage to travel to Racine on Friday night to try and get their 6th win against the 2-5 Racine Gladiators
kush and goose combination harmful g....
One year ago: The Vatican told bishops around the world it was important to cooperate with police in reporting priests who'd raped and
I have been ripping and running since LAST Monday. Hardly any good rest and now it has caught up to me!
Midnight alleys roam
Tweet tweet. Just checkin in! =D
Vegas, Baby! Maestro heads to #astdTK12 tomorrow! See you there in booth
sux!!! Customer for years. 4 the second time waited for an hour and a half for an order that never came switching to
Taylor Swift's 'The Story Of Us' Video To Debut Tuesday On MTV
Any rooftop garden eta?
that's very interesting! What are the pro and cons so far of google+. I'm not on it yet...
RT : "A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water" - Eleanor Roosevelt
You just wish you were trending!
what?! Uh oh
I need someone to come on for a year, unfortunately. I hate roommate search, don't want to do it again come September.
Hey Kristina, thank you for the S/O! Look at you (avatar pic), beautiful! xo
I think the best time to make a man cum or nut on himself is when he mad at.you or something else
Nutty Irishman in Farmingdale TN selling tees and giving some away. It's never too late for some Black Friday Shopping, even at a bar!
a little back and forth with his old friends - Giants fans in center field - after making a highlight catch
why won't you notice me yet????
I guess you are acclimated to the games of your employer. So what's your complaint?
I hate getting crumbs in my cleavage
yepp <U+2764> she's beautiful !
Manny (NU food service worker) on cooking - I like to "dance with the dishes I am making"
Finally got my hair re-buzzed.... thanks ! =)
At least it's supposed to be a little cooler tomorrow than the triple digits we've had the past few day's
much needed!
& thanks for the RT about Ella Fitzgerald's birthday, we think her birthday is a "Tweetable" event
the river was not kind last night.
Thanks for supporting the swag though. (;
So excited about this spring weather!
It's Opening Day! We are serving up $2 cans of Louie's Demise and Damsel as well as $2 Hot Dogs! Come in to eat and watch the game!!!
Why you so mean?
There are so many drivers...so many people. Is it really necessary?
Love your IG feed and the snapspeed promotion opportunity. Any codes left?
The self is not something that one finds it is something that one creates.
phew! gonna be OUTTA TOWN for sf pride this year! i'll be tabling for the bookstore & hanging tuff @ the l.a. anarchist bookfair jun. 25!
now that happy hour is over, I'm pretty amped up for 'mildly depressed hour'
Today we call it responsive web design, tomorrow we'll call it web design.
I hope you're right, bro. told me the Nuggets were going to win Game 4. Tell me your "gut" is more accurate!
Tomorrow the last day pf testing....
we r failures at trying to make this work lmfao #iluvyuh!
lol! I found this news story too and thought it relevant. Maybe we should study intentional vs. Unintentional humor next?
Lol...date? Time?
called out again.
I love my weave n I'm happy god blessed me with cosmetology skills so I can save money, take care of my hair, n show my skills.
Where the fuck is my bookbag??
Good to have Maria Tildon of , Shirley Bigley of , and back at for day 2 of SP.
: Parents and educators you can help students by giving them a study aid to listen to!
Sweet! (On both gig and 1st ed!) And book editing is like the mob: every time I think I'm done, it keeps pulling me back in.
speakin to my old friend malcolm on the phone shout out to malcolm radcliffe
Required listening: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED by Evelyn Waugh. Find the radio drama on YouTube. All mentions of Aloysius are to die for.
WE R THE SUGARFAMILY
It will seem like 321 days.
's visual touch-based sign in system is just lovely and the video of a 4 year old using it on an iPad was a nice touch
Trying to get back into the swing of things after the passing of my step dad last week, taking it one day at a time, missing him dearly...
and need to come party in vegas this sunner. :)
OMG STOP IT <33333 coño loco tu ta como eh ;) i'd tap that!!!!!
don't talk to me
Xbox 360 developers: a build of Quake Arena Arcade is available for download on Partnernet! Send bugs or feedback to
rawr. Where were you??
Forest highlights: SCI, Conspirator, Big G, Derek Vincent Smith w/Break Science, Railroad, Kyle Hollingsworth Band, TND
Trying the Spicy Original Fish Taco [Client] Aw, yeah.
Check us out at www.watchnhllive.com we will have all the games on tonight live online just register and enjoy thanks!!!!
I agree I would love to work on (hint hint) but if I do, I have to stop eating Messican food! U have to be ripped!
Beastie Boys is trending in ONE place in the whole U.S. ...Minneapolis
Take all the time to relax, have fun, spend time with friends and family and finally have that beer you've been missing. :)
I'm pretty sure this full moon has got me pullin up all these old songs from the crypt..maybe I'll stop..maybe I won't,...I dunno :D
Does Kobe wanna see OKC now or later lets see
you da one
Paralax in the Green Lantern movie looks like a giant shit monster......
haha you a fool!
Follow me please? :)
I love when the Lord clearly answers a prayer I specifically prayed months ago. He never forgets.
Noone found out who did the doodoo in the pool but totally thought it was .its in a bag in the frige
The average adult falls asleep seven minutes after turning out the light
If she puts her hand on your leg...
Welcome to Twitter, where we try to be witty in 140 characters or less. Looking forward to your "garden variety" insights & puns.
INSIDE OF YOU OHH INSIDE OF YOU HAHA
is there such a thing as over connected?
sure will ! Haha
elmo and spongebob have to be the longest airing kid shows ever.
so how you been dawg?
Thank youu! Happy hour again this weekend?
They're competing in the World Choir Games--from prison. Story next news at 11pm. Thanks producer for the extra time!!
ah shoot mee. END IT NOW lets just get out and go
"..they gon' love me for my ambition."
Heading back to Arizona for the weekend. See everyone tonight!
Congrats, Dan! I am excited 4 U! : Thanks for watching #WEB THERAPY this week on OUR HIGHEST ratings since premiere !
I'm out to lunch right now
At least I feel better..
No gifts at all, Damn this sucks. #shoutout to everyone who didnt get gifts this christmas!!
Chris Farr was my saxophone teacher back in high school. :)
Start ASAP. We have a Temp-Hire position with a Chiropratic office in the NE area. Exper with medical front office pref, call us 881-3449!
yes they are I want them all
Nothing worse than being bait just grin and say somrthing like have a nice day or talk to you later don't fall prey to it
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN : 5 days :)
Yes, the rumors are true. Fuse and Obar will be the happiest couple in Dallas! No more dating across the street. Obar is moving in!
lol i LOVE the fact that you knew she was referring to Dave Chappelle!!!!
Good day! Excited about partying with tomorrow. It's gonna be a #Bleu day.
OUCH! sad, but can be very true.
thank you! xoxo!
r u guys coming to Reno events center with BTR and Cody Simpson? Just wondering cuz all my francs say u r!
Yayy!! Broken finger
lol, so you just don't like her version of the song? Yeah, I'm good at doing those things. :)
my dog looks just like the dog in the Bud Light commercial
#SometimesIWonder if I'm a good girlfriend.
My confusion often leads to good discussion. :)
I read the first 2 issues of the new Justice League series. I have to say I liked it. It is exciting to be reading about the new DC.
I'm great, love your blog
For the record, taking to a casino, with all the flashing lights and shiny buttons, may qualify as WORST DECISION OF ALL TIME!
I KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS, YOU LOT.
RT : We're pleased to announce Knupp & Watson has changed its name to Knupp & Watson & Wallman (KW2)! Check out www.kw2ideas.com
omgawd not even lying im in LOVVVVVEEEEE with jae park PLZ MARRY ME c;
I'm Hungry..
Following back “ NF Follow Back”
All day happy hour + March Madness = Perfect Sunday!
I think my favorite part was the wedding dress fitting scene.
I just want to do as much for her as she do for me..
In other words, yes. :)
worst home team I've ever seen. They deserve every boo they get.
Thank you to everyone who attending the event tonight. What a great time!
second place was Sasha
where are u
Shooting 3D on Scarlets this week!
If my dogs weren't so cute, I'd totally kill them for being little shit eating monsters.
Caught three fish already (:
Joined my first #genYchat tonight! Great to just sit back and see what is important to #GenY...all in public policy roles should do same...
I am seeing it with my book club on Wednesday!
It's less about being 'smart enough' & more about being able to see/move beyond the existing paradigm...
A worthy endeavor. RT : I think I need to watch Friday Night Lights again.
lol I'm so silly anit I
Loving life.
thanks! I'm actually discussing journalism with and on the level 107 lounge
In the jungle.
so excited for new breathe carolina music (:
I'm still drunk. :)
Announce the stupid lockout already and then shut up. It's O's season!
follow me please22
: Firestone's predictions re: tyranny of the biological family being broken have come about; we have failed to notice
I'm thinking Verizon - I'm AT&T on iPhone - but Verizon seems to have better 4G national coverage - Whatcha think?
hey i had one today too!! except it was only like 30 min
A good name is sooner lost than won. <U+3088><U+3044><U+8A55><U+5224><U+3092><U+5F97><U+308B><U+306E><U+306F><U+96E3><U+3057><U+3044><U+304C><U+5931><U+3046><U+306E><U+306F><U+65E9><U+3044><U+3002>
I think I gained 2 pounds from the 600 cookies I ate yesterday. Pure evil. One of my heavens is made of sugar.
are we still bringing gloves to study hall?
while im walking around the concert venue, i'll make sure you can watch it :)
First College Game Day of the season...it's Christmas morning for football!
Joey diamond <3
Greek Gourmet in Squirrel Hill makes the most gigantic falafel balls.
Awe:) no problem!! xoxo
where ur game
What a beautiful day to be at the Pavilion buying new fresh fruits and vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry & pork.
Women: Ask your CPA about.... Giving 'appreciated' stock or fund shares to your church/charity instead of cash.
I'm blessed
come over here now!
Do You Like Sports Quotes? Follow -
You have your vices and I have mines
you are amazing! Such a big fan!!! ^_^ <3
Affirmative... How'd u finally get it??
Doing a lot of reading about social marketing for the past couple days. It's a subject I didn't know much about.
Thanks for the follow! I'm sending you a 10% off coupon code for our Etsy shop via DM!
after practice it may be like 54 or 53. Just bury me in satin.
It's Monday again, isn't it? But, on the Brightside: I've only got four days of work this week. :D
Is feeling bangs. Cum dew my hur
chocolates we ate the whole box in one sitting!! So Delish!!!!
16 school days I think. We get out the 5th )):
Who wants my 6200th tweet.! Mention me or retweet this.! :)
Karaoke is BACK ON This Thursday, the private party was moved to next week!
MENS & LADIES STUSSY , ROGUE STATAUS, FULLY LACED , CHUBBY BOOB, AND SOON MAD NU PLAY CLOTHS .. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ..................
Power is back! It was novel walking around at night with a lantern but I missed my Skyrim
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm."
lol! This ain't about u Maurice!!!
have you met your sister? she is not what most people call "normal"
i remember presley had one 2nd game of the year against the phils
Thanks for the inclusion! Keep up the great work everyone.
hey man, where can I checkout some designs?
not distasteful at all, only thing i can think of is of the body just wearing out at an old age?
Free fries? You can't beat that can you?
lol. First road trip will be to orlando
Tried to watch Moneyball last night. The weekend caught up with me and I was definitely asleep by 8. BTW, new bed? A-may-zing.
Looks like 's brilliant strategy of combing porn stars and terrell suggs has
I need a nap!
Havent ben on in forever!
The beauty of us is us when we are us.
Sometimes life is such an adventure :)
It is really nice today! :D
#MUCat B. Tillett talks about "transforming our bibliographic framework"
Everybody I touch is spoiled rotten.
Remind me to never have kids annoying ass kids
- Yes it does! Send and redeem drinks with friends and you will multiply your chances of winning!
His letter to me had me cheesin<3<3
Could Poison Ivy control the Black Mercy?
very nice. The race is alive!
I think this is very good news for IPS. He's done a great deal of good.
YOU GUYS WERE SO AMAZING! YOU JUST KEEP KILLING IT
Trying to win tickets to see in concert tonight in sa!! .....but not having much luck
So...the guy who damn near chased me down Market tryna give me his CD yelling "M'am excuse me miss can I have 30 seconds of your time?!"
That's what I told him! Sucks to suck in the book of Chandler Vicary Talley
not debating that,Chandler got his lifetime achievement award.
5 hours on the penny auction for an iPad 2... The owners of the auction have made more than
AAMI doc is on WQED right now. Check out what some of the #IntervalMonday guys do at their day jobs!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dumb & Dumber and go ahead and throw in any horror movie title you want there.
Im shocked to see Coco Crisp re-sign with the A's. I thought he was gone for sure. I didn't think he wanted to be part of the rebuild.
No sleep in 24 hours? Sweet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Ok, I'm convinced I'm the only person who likes Gnome 3.
oh lol , just hit one of the #juicy girls up on twitter & we'll go from there :)
cool jam
Does it upset me to see #earlsweatshirt shirts on rich kids in #beverlyhills? Yes. And I'm not sure why.
we don't congratulate anything that happens in Cleveland! cmon man...
really? Did u check his undies to see if his name was on those too?
If ever denied a photo with me, I'd probably cry xD Bahahah. No joke.
Instead stay home and curl up with a dark and moody book.
The Armenian genocide should be recognized. Hiding it to avoid offending the allies against the Iraqui war is no excuse.
Pitching about to start #swbay - good luck to all!
“: dont feed the ego lol!!!!!!”. Ha Ha there is no stopping her now
You too!
The kingdom of God is at hand, so this is finger food.
tastes like stale bud light
Group text apps
damn right it is we could Probably get away with canceling our tv lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I don't believe it. He would have to care to do it. RT I missed it!! WHAT??? RT : DA just LOST IT on a reporter!!!
's job because who doesnt like sampling delicious cupcakes? :) and working with sprinkles? :D yum #presid ...
Yea Ms Jones bout to lay it dwn had a busy day,Lol u wide awake
Oh well that's cool. :]
Tell Melvin thanks for the bait and switch with McCarthy and Parker. Brad Pitt wouldn't pull such a move!
My heat need to step it up
If I was to get famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!! #HooliganForlifey :D
A special thanks to wonderful Kate Crilley Fauvell of RISE Inc. Fan Page for coming in and making things effortlessly more beautiful!
Yaaaaay! Leaving your comfort zone is hard but rewarding! Do it kim!
#howimgrand always putting the triangle face instead of a smiley face :>
who do you root for when duke plays state?
good news! I never crashed and burned of tiredness today!
bring back the rain :-D
#BieberFact When Justin followed Zayn, Niall sang "that should be me", when Justin followed Niall, he screamed NEVER SAY NEVER .
#TacoNight! How do you build your tacos at Chilorio's?
Tf' who says they gonna punch their 3 year old n the mouth smh. #precious'smomlookingass
what you up to this evening?
It was a very good weekend with my kid
Just read about #EEOC in the news and knew what it was thanks to 's women's history class!
Tomorrow night Club 212!!!! Dj Smoke n DJ Qball
Cloudy and cool today. Great day to get out of the house and buy a new bike!
The students at our school thank you :)
say hit me up
that's cool! (: do you perform anywhere ? (:
Oh, yes, that one time..
i swear to gawd, if this guy doesn't grow some nuts and tell me hi, then im just going to ask "what are you staring at"...
Hey :D
what? i saw you through a window for like 1 second and now i find out there are hot tubs that i'm missing out on?
I really just want some cheez its
I want 69 followers and then I'll be happy
In my opinion School is a little good because I'm bored sometimes I don't hear the explanation of the teacher.I would be dreaming of somthin
we're honored to have you following us! Thank you!
This station just doesn't stop. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
lol atta boy always in stock
GET OUT OF MY HEAD, AMD FALL INTO MY ARMS INSTEAD. BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBIDY ELSE.
LOL! I like your positive attitude about it. Knowing me, I'd find them 5 yrs later.
That's happy news! You should go camping with us at St. Augustine, Florida during Spring break too
"Peyton Manning doesn't already play for Denver" - EC "No" -Me "What's the difference?" - EC Mine and 's recent convo.
News channels 4 and 6 have been here today... what about you, Ch 10? Great photo ops for opening day! Watch for us on tv!
yes I love my dog alot how have you been???
Teen wolf was awsome we talked about it in a tw group btw the next teen wolf looks interesting ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Head down to Robbie Fox's - off 6th Street and Mill.
download the texting app for iPods! It's pretty much like a phone
i'm in your neighborhood. Can i drop by? Address?
Haha right you are :)
Yes! A slanket FTW! Thank you my dear!
way to go!
sure sign that you're a tourist
Erica just claimed she actually liked Gabi, but was the main one that was like yea lets jump them bitches." When the whole house jumped them
I swear I always fall for your type.
and i am laughing out loud, even while I plot your demise.
Man i hate last minute stuff. Smh
Come to the corporate communication networking event from 4 to 5pm tonight in JH 103!
I was gon make u rich as we went to the top
We will be at #EarthDaySF today!
that's probably the best option.
please just marry me already. its bound to happen sooner or later.
Person of Big Interest
I know! So happy that the NYC vegan restaurant scene is thriving! I am happily confused!
I know it sucks so bad I feel lost without it lol
This is the kind of shit that makes me not wanna be here anymore.
Ugh, huge double house fire in Ballard/Fremont. My prayers to the families.
i wanted too tell you i miss you , havent talked too you in a minute .
you tell me yo...dont worry we will record soon just text me
Thats so cool, fantasy baseball is back…The only good thing about the
The most terrifying thing a woman can say to me is "notice anything different?"
what about songwriters
Terrence Moses share his rap "Weight on my shoulders" - He is an inspiration for everyone.
logically it makes sense but if I went off logic I would be a Yankees steelers &heat fan, being a fan is heart
Agreed except the Browns were 4-12. RT At this point this town will latch on to any team that is winning.
A company's voice online can't be outsourced and remain authentic.
Sheesh! What were y'all drinking?
at Merch table? I don't even know who covered the table in my absence. I hope they were extra helpful and kind!
“ Trust no dude around your girl & no girl around your dude.”
Here we go! is up for the keynote. Excited to be here.
WTF!! Man da breaker switch box just went out in my house and da temperature is dropping quick!!
Next year I'm taking to Maybe I can visit and when I'm in L.A.!
1836- #Wisconsin Territory established.
we were at holy cross since sunday early afternoon nd lastnight we were transferred to advocate hope childrens hospital
Messi! Goal! I feel a hattrick coming up.
Watching fire trucks converge on the Monroe Building downtown and the occupants streaming out into the rain. Hope all is ok.
Another legend passed away. Chuck Brown. Damn.
Lmfao. Yo school is out of control.
Remember, remember the Fifth of November, The Gunpowder Treason & Plot, I know of no reason Why the Gunpowder Treason Should ever be forgot.
"Be less of a judge and you will be surprised that when you become a witness and you don't judge yourself, you stop judging others too. —
From Dr. Mardy's interview on NPR re: his book on NEVERisms: "Never judge a book by its movie". Sign up for his free newsletter: drmardy.com
There's A Theme Song For.Everything That Goes on in Life..
Teacher Convention = Cardigans. So many cardigans.
A day without peanut butter is like an hour without a breath. -Confucius
Making two ppl happy in a home takes compromise - perhaps doing different rooms for each person's taste.
how are u ? Oh and happy new year !!
A Happy Easter to all!
without asking:) MUAHAHAH.
"Dear girls who think that flashing your boobs at the boys will make them straight, it wont. So stop trying."
Bryan is a huge fan of the informal hand raise poll
Coolin in the cut tryna make a million bucks
Whn ur by yourself people think its okay to invade ur space
Caught the gay Easter boy craze for my niece...
More like good night now lol :P
please follow me?(: 2
Ok I watched covers of the songs that I've written on YouTube tonight and was so moved. I seriously almost cried. Feeling so blessed now.
but i guess on tge bright side is coming to philly for Q102 springleball:)
Star trek : the whale one, was very good in Coolidge corner - the 35mm film reel made it seem like it was shot via instagram
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it
Attention grabbing trope which doesn't challenge the readers' preconceptions. Plus, who doesn't love a good boogeyman story?
haha such a necessary reminder.
You want your game card back tomorrow, right?
wakey wakey eggs & bakey,,,, It`s too early to cook for people : (
66 Days until St. Patrick's Day March 17, 2012
We fulfill requests ranging from the everyday to the extraordinary. What's your request for today?
you have a problem,change your password
Laundry is crazy! I leave it alone for a week & it turns into Jabba the Hut.
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems; but then, think again, neither does milk.
non-alcoholic: bai mu dan white tea alcoholic: bourbon
Having a pool at your house during this type of weather means everyone at your house.!! Lol
This is funny! Hey, guys. What's the score of the g...aw shit...”
#aprilfools it's been you all along
record of the year coming up now!!! presented by
haha yes I figured that. I'm wondering about a D1 men's team.
Twitter deal! $5 off any adult skirt or bag at Sardine clothing till 5! Booth 46
dory..gets me every single time.
Twitter now nixs new 'gif' files. Had I known I would not have removed my delightful Tourist animation for a2 day valentine :(
Woo-hoo! The library is going to order the (super $$$) reference book I requested!
Summer of love 2011! And Just Desserts will make even sweeter. Enjoy!
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I cherish moments, people, a good workout and the first 5 minutes after my alarm goes off
3mlt add ;D
Having to close your eyes so your volumous lashes don't hit the dentist's hand...
i celebrate that holiday every year, this year however, i dont have a bike...or a working foot
The sub bus driver just about hit my dads truck that was parked OUTSIDE MY HOUSE GARAGE. I about hit him.
If you were stranded on a deserted island with one book, what would you want that book to be?
I recognize it. A time machine. Don't get too close :)
It's finally raining!
You are never unwanted to me<3
I love Paula Deen, keep on keeping on!
lol just do the shuffle dance.. Do the shuffle dance!! Lol
Thanks man! 32 feels fine!
Amazing food, music, dancing...the girls are having a ball! I'm in heaven... (@ Holy Trinity Church Greek Festival w/ 14 others)
I refuse to blend in.
Sophie Tucker~ Ive been rich and Ive been poor. Rich is better.
Lol you mean not *all* internships are in Washington, DC?
Hoshitoshi is beating us, this ain't right!
I was caught up in his lust
Aint nobody even talkin to you.
14,000 seats occupied by Obama supporters out of 18,300 seats is 75%. No wonder Republicans don't pay proper taxes. They stink at math.
Come check out our new brunch cocktails: The Flipped Monk, The Radler,& The Long Island Squeeze!
Q: Why are gorillas so noisy?A: They were raised in a zoo!
Meanwhile, the background audio on this feed is awful. Paparazzi are evil. And vulgar. And mean!
I totally love chocolate too:)!oh yes and handbaggs!
Friday is here! Thank God I am too!! Happy Friday!! Enjoy!! :)
man I'm not about to sit up here and feel sorry. its whatever.
just witnessed the best parade on this earth!Bruin Parade! BOSTON IS GOING NUTS! :D OW OW!
hahahaha yep that's us
Happy beautiful Saturday #Indy!
Keep tweeting Roger. Needs to be heard.
looking at your suitcase and expecting it to pack itself
RT : Sporting faithful, buying my first #SKC jersey today, should it be Sapong or Kamara? << No doubt...Kai Kamara
Love that flick. Hey, if you come back to NAMA next year (or KC) you gotta say hi.
Tammy Romo & the Cowgirls don't have a chance.
Just in time for Valentine's Day! From 2 pm to 6 pm wine tasting features Baja wines w/ Caxao gourmet chocolates! Price is only $15.
Another day of judgment free workout at
8.2 miles in brilliant sunshine! Hello spring.
Oh life, how crazy you are.
ok :D
You will see that things can go back to how we felt when we first started. :)
Stay grounded. There are already enough air heads who are full of it.
outside art institute, leaving at 1ish hope you can make it :)
Reddit: Get as many users as possible with no rules.
In class right now. So ready to leave.
They trying to break ya boy down:-( I put it on evrythang Imma go #Harder... #2TearsInABucketFuckIt, never quit or ever given up
i believe you
thanks for the lens baby link. Looks like a nice upgrade.
Duke lost yesterday but it's all good..we will win many mire games in March
Munjoy hill right meow
30 min until the DOLPHINS and Owls tip off here in Swisher!!! Coach Warren and the FINS need YOU TONIGHT!!!
Later today #amber and #blonde #highlights with peekaboo's of #tangerinedream all with!
here I'm talking about. If you can see!
I'll have to settle for 401 then, GJ :) Thanks for the support.
FOLLOW NOWW !!! SHE FOLLOWS BACK :)
Happy birthday !!! I love you sister :)) <33
If Denver gets Manning, do they make a play for Randy Moss? It would give Peyton a legit WR
Pretty content right now studying to Dave Mathews
Are hair gels damaging to natural hair, even if it has mostly natural ingredients?
I know, right? I'm enjoying it.
Any suggestions how to increase social media followers and participation for a gov org with scitech focus?
hahahahah what do you have to draw???
I am so jealous! My dad tomorrow will be spent finishing up Theatre and translating an insane amount of German. :(
Church tonight was awesome. Thank you Lord for everything <3
wish I could join y'all lol
Sorry to hear that. :(
Wowzers check out
Good! I thought the race was over after that fire broke out, but apparently it wasn't. I'm glad Kurt didn't win.
They matchup well with you guys lol and they play more physical then The Heat. The Knicks didn't play physical at all
Imagine the bandwidth god would need to symlink a universal /dev/null!!
#ConfessionsAboutRelationships101 Sex without love is just sex..Sex teamed up with love is a valuable gift given to one another.
Wow its amazing how your whole day can go to shit in 3 minutes
If I was really #recovering, I wouldn't be doing that again . . . I should be further along than I am. -Melody Beattie on Perfection
Why is it that washing make-up brushes is so...refreshing to me?
because it's lame ;)
Sorry, I've been MIA for a bit! Blazers fans feel like if Rudy doesn't want to be here, then good riddance!
longest day of work ever at #vineyardvines.. time for the extra hour of sleep! hooray for gaining a hour!!
2day when I go home I'm gonna take a grown ass woman nap! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>#can't wait!
interesting thanks for the mention
Day 1 of my new membership havent seen any action, still waitin for to pick me up at the marta station
Ugh... Just not comfortable in my own skin right now. Should be a crappy sleep. :(
Such an amazing show today at The rock Church, We were clubbin' and partying with Jesus today and it was the best party ever. : )
that is playoff suicide.
Beautiful night in the City of Angels. Lots of people staying in,avoiding Presidential traffic tie ups. Mr Obama spending nite in Bev Hills
Darn tootin'! RT : Holy shnikes it is gorgeous out!!!
RT #Aquarians are calm and gentle but if they're provoked, they may act like a person you've never met
Events are only viewable on mobile browsers...for now. we'll look into the chat counter. appreciate the feedback!
Sunday or monday
Jay Feeley - 35 points yesterday. Can't ever remember a kicker with that many points - Crazy
TY for the follow! You may learn new & interesting things- or at the very least be amused:)
Ha! Of course.
nigguhs is bored doe!
uhh duh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> pow pow <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+270B> bye bitch <3 no one messes with my #girl .
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon how amazing Eminem was, or IS if he's still big by then.
Wii Fitness beckons but...
Good site. Sorely needed.
Insanity will be the death of me!!!!
if that doesn't make u look lik a hoe that and ur status then I don't know what he fuck will
Lovely webinar to find out about museum studies program at Johns Hopkins. It may be what I'm looking for.
yeah I am to bro. Thats good u at least close to family
FAT is in the lead lol
Busting out the drill to hang 's board. Everyone likes a girl that can use tools, right?
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact. - William James
found you lol
I wear out of uniform shirts to school just because I feel like gettin on carmicheals nerves.
I'm riveted by MOCA's "Art in the Streets" catalog: graffiti subcultures; LA's heavens; Mr Cartoon's life & ice cream truck
BEAT from the awesome No world, White Orange, Ancient Warlocks show last night. Getting some help this morning from and coffee!
meant to come back with niners. Got side tracked
Steven Wilson @ the Fillmore. 1st bald man with long, braided goatee spotted.
Happy Monday & thx 4 the follow!
Too much patron last night no drinking for me need a day of rest
You should really run for president
lol folks be tryna test me. How are you my sax boo ?
good morning xoxo
lol! U Can't be picky!
EB there was no need for that! That ball was all yours!
I feel that pass it my way lol! RT : About to roll me up a nice fat blunt.
Can't sleep...
I MISS the hell outta U
that's a bit disingenuous, just offer to let the next company write it's own law too. Wouldn't want the legislature to do it.
Me too! Someone should franchise them out here.
Can't wait to hear it!
: I had to convince her. She wanted to go change clothes just to take it tho...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I did something even better. I went to sleep
feels like I am back in Buffalo in the 70's OJ said that...
Seth, our IT guy, just reinvented himself. No, really.
im guessing you guys arent enjoying the play, haha.
RT : less skills that helped me maneuver as a sense of institutional structure: status shift, however, was a shock.
Who is the teacher for your soc probs class?
I kind of can't help loving Kim Kardashian. Even if she has a tiny bit of a liberal name. But she's so rich I can't help LOVING her! lol
New iPhone/iPad app lets you put Naoshi's wonderful sand art in the palm of your hand!
Ok wats up
Ho him testing of my new phone.
Stretch, stretch, and stretch some more. Before and after. And new shoes, maybe...? Shin splints SUCK.
Interviews for NYC #internabroad #studyabroad continue in London this week. New website on track for March 2012. Happy Monday!
Yo, you gotta learn how to sleep at the dentist's office. I get a nap in every time, just ask them to put that chair back.
Any tips on a pinched nerve? Still lacking feeling in my arm over here...
Happy Friday! Hope everyone enjoys the beautiful fall weather this weekend!
U making fun of my mama cook?!
First Hightower, now Cha Cha, who will be the 3rd star to go?????
Good band! Good Food! Get over here!
#sacscoc The "naggivator" is a good tool for online student success. Giving reminders to get things done can have a direct impact.
In Blackjack, you would usually bust on a 12. I'll take a face card every time. So, test your luck :)
Never ask for the kiss. Take the kiss and own the kiss.
BIG win for the
The first day of school was awful -_- way to make the school terrible dr.guinie!!
IN THE STUDIO FOR A SESSION WITH
LOL I know! But no I live in Orlando now :)
and I'm flagging you in general (any aspect of life) siting reason: "I hate her."
FREE kindle book to say thx for #7 rank Amazon Histl Fiction! Message us your request #books #reading #kindle #nola #coffee amzn.to/jgxk38
In our house it really should be called a cooking detector
HAHAHA! Thanks! I didn't know I was in a new video. When is it in theatres or is it straight-to-DVD?
Love it.
Happy Easter to my 6 followers
The Cleveland Cavaliers lost their 24th straight game -- a 111-105 defeat to the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday night -- a new record!!!
Ponder this: Does a one legged duck swim in the woods...scratch that...does a bear shit in a circle?
hahahahaha that kid runnin into me from behind
Bread & Butter… and Sprite
Poor Simona, those Lotus engines do not stand any distances at all.
having a fully charged phone is such a phenomenal feeling
Thanks man! Glad you dig the vibe. If you ever need a story... ha ha. Thanks for checking out the band, we have fun!
I'm from where your hustle determins your salary.
Great hike today with Reading up on the paleo diet tonight. Need to be more informed
Be sure to order the special bao.
Eddie and Troy Lee could of done better... just my opinion
Haha! Good try, server! Now back to your cage!
In Atlanta, next stop: Miami!
“: Is it too soon to ask out Mike Wallace's wife?” So wrong, yet So funny!
Pageant got some talented young ladies
#hungergames series complete...what now?
Now you dont wanna fall but we're tripping in our hearts, and its reckless and clumsy..
Chatted with Mom, had a good workout, cleaned out clothes, cooking, call, time later.
things I already know about myself.
Thanks for the shout out! The Paris concert was spectacular!
thanks for following back! haha. :) have you heard the End Of The World by BYE on the radio?
Facebook: "Sometimes we have to make an exception for France." Hilarious.
And today, after a 1 year unintended hiatus, I start writing again.
It's like I'm 7 again and the Easter Bunny is comingin the am. Happy #walkergate!
Check this song I have with VenniTheVenomous! I wrote the track and rap the intro and sing the hook.
Who saw the #hungergames this weekend? What did you think?
Poor timing, KPMG...
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. -
Britney Is Born This Way
We are getting rolling at #edcampDetroit!
Memo to LaMarcus Aldridge: Matt Bonner is guarding you. Do something.
Understandable. You have friends at surrounding high schools that you could help spread the word to?
Wow dylan is so handsome and funny ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Hardest thing I've ever done: sit in a taxi in bad traffic and not eat this bag of Hill Country Chicken fixins.
RT : u said tomorrow is gonna be humid. does that mean dewpoints in the 60's?-------Near 60....temps near 70....rather humid. ~JR
.: Disruptive innovation: don't attack your targets head on, and don't play by their rules. Make new rules for new situation.
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
if the do ima force it back...they can close it just a little tho not all the way
Jeremy Lin....let's wait and see.
I hope I made her feel a little better :(
- Thanks for the follow!
I'm speaking politically. But my larger point is that the lessons Jesus taught are inherently liberal and not conservative
Stealing garden gnomes no big deal. Yoko
The entree ain't as good without somethin on the side
Thank Emancipation Day.
i wouldve been pist if it wasnt amazing -.- lol off course it was amazing/:
lax bros are hot.
day after another epic win at home by the Grizz. way to go boys.
Thanks to everyone that came out last night to our acoustic show at the Auxiliary Art Center in Chicago, in celebration of Brooke's bday!
Very cool.
Thanks Brother Man! PS happy belated birthday!
+1 RT : More awesome sponsors! (Vanguard Chicago Center for Orthopedics)
Welcome to our NTH family, William Beltz, Anita Saha, Mike Walker and Gene Arters! Welcome back, Melanie Linn!
I like food.
I've been off twitter for a while. I'm a little rusty.
sometime in March I believe
Friday's here and it's actually warming up! What are your plans for this weekend?
I hate how I have to adapt a fake "man" into my vocabulary in order to be welcomed in this city of San francisco.
Glad to see my vote mattered last night, CONGRATS you two, you have a lot of time left on the show!!
talking to the 6 most importants people in my life !
Youtube.com/JoeyDiamond14 ( )
Do you need a digital video editing project? I heard there's about 20 hrs of raw footage from a certain grad conference.
Have to finish tax paperwork and pack for See you in Hattiesburg.
Idk why but everytime I turn up the tv it has to be at a even number, it cant be 19 ihave to put it up to 20.
Happy Sunday ^_________^
In Brazil
“: #np Jay-Z Feat. B.I.C. – Glory”soo fucking good.
Just rocked the streets of Jersey w/ my two younger sisters to this fourth of July's official anthem: Jungleland. Big man you are missed!
Thursday nite cocktails in the lobby of the Marriott.. The Best
hahaha! I wish I was that exciting. I am just a nerd. Maybe after #rwa12 I will have something
waiting for ink to dry vs. waiting my #Mac to finish 'thinking' ... no comparison. I'll always prefer ink
T minus 30hrs until 4 alarm hotness & in SD! It's gonna be so smokin hot, I'm coming Back At Your Door to cool down
"wellbeing" or "well-being".... vote now!
if you tired get some sleep then cutey u don't have to stay up....
MERON NEEDS TO CALM DOWN !
RT : "Character is what emerges from all the little things you were 2 busy to do yesterday, but did anyway" via
Getting un-jagged. Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia. Blog forthcoming.
sorry, we didn't fire up a hangout. We'll remember for next week!
Ugh. These calls. Our members. Their anger. Just depressing. And next week is not looking to be any better.
Ever since last night I've been thinking so much about what she said.
Procrastination did NOT pay off. i owe on my taxes. suck
#shoutout to all our followers! Thanks for keepin' up with us these past few months! Hope you're all enjoying the series so far!
I'm a wild girl
Careful Pat, there will be #bromance rumors circulating in Agile. Nicest compliment you almost gave
Dark skin check pretty teeth check loves his mom check college degree check I'M READY RT : Don't make me make u fall in LOVE
I don't know what to make of Steel Panther.
Thanks! It's with in Phoenix in their Creative Services Deptartment. I am so excited!
Hope you all had a great week!
Mystery bruises.. I keep either beating people up or having rough sex while I'm asleep. I'm cool with either one.
We just got knocked out of the tourney by a team called "I'm here for the gangbang". Lol. I'm not sure how to feel about that.
i want a rainstorm!
is your gut telling you something? For only $45/month- you should listen.
Wow #fringe... I don't even know how to process what just happened.
So enjoyed the #ABQ Trolley Co. Tour. Run by two guys who just love the city and want to share their enthusiasm!
does that mean you're not on your way here with a fruity cocktail for me? rats.
ALERT: RT : Crazy naked woman outside University Village at USC. Further proof UV is more Knockturn Alley than Hogsmeade.
Did you forget Kahlil Bell on your FFCPI? I know I know, for me to mention that, my RB must really suck.
is everything okayy?
Sometimes you just have to weet it out... everyone is Blodwyn sometimes. Weet!!!
A new novel--that's great! Good luck to you. :)
Ha! You are going ham bro!
Just leaving work, super ready to be home...
what???? When did Benihanas start doing this????
Greetings from the other world in Portland, Oregon! I see you are now following! When do you next PackABag&Go for a trip?
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik... I told you mothafuckas it was more than the music...
thanks. Jaclyn thanks
I was going to write you a poem today, then I said fuck it
Was up last night till midnight rewatching the ep!
hey pacman, whatts up? ME YOU BITCHES, IM HIGH ON CRACK. WANNA FREEBASE? no pacman, drugs are bad.
cute alert is right!
Just did! Cheers
Feels good when teacher says saynplay is the favorite game of the class! www.saynplay.com
A key conceptual shift: metadata vs. data, assets vs. digital surrogates. Look at the data and the metadata as two separate things.
I woke up in the best mood today. I love my 6am-9am shifts.
Overtones will be on Elon's radio station, WSOE 89.3, from 1-2PM the day of the show (11/19) so be sure to tune in.
Research and Markets: Australia - Digital Media - Music, MP3 and Podcasting
need ya email homie. Got a banger for you!!
Boy Meets World <3
Did ya hear that? Just clicked on my #marketing #seatbelt and turned on the #jazz. CLICK! let's go give good #TV!
but it is essentially the same thing you are complaining about now. Just saying.
NEW BALANCE!! GREEDY GENIUS!!! CLOTHES!!!! HATS!!!!! COME AND GET IT. SALE SALE SALE. DO NOT MISS THIS SALE!!!!!!!!!
Looking for a new work somewhere other than where I'm at.
Drinking Vino and making Chicken Parm
Re: transition: I think practitioners are capable -- recruiters and employers are reluctant. Too many options.
When you fall I'll be the only one who looks away.
S/O to #GrinDkinGz own & J Allen Photography, time to get it in... long weekend ahead!!
Work, work, work! Got to get this done!!!
oh it is buddy. Living the life.
is having auditions for Bruschetta: An Evening of Short Plays on Sunday, Aug 23 from 1-5PM. Email for a slot!
Bill Belichick is still sporting his Quasimodo hoodie. This is the superbowl, not "garage Saturday."
See...this is why Stanford drafted you.
4 Free Admission to the CHEATERS LIVE Fri MARCH 31st To random winner at 200 followers tell your friends to follow us!
Met a guy.. he was smart and funny...
you took my beats!!!
Taking a nap is a good way to refresh disrupted feelings.
Aye #FYHH on the come up. REAL HARD!!! go follow!!!
when he looked in my eyes <3 it was so cute ^.^ he is sexy and his eyes are gorgeous lol
would have liked to have more international examples, maybe more outlines of differences etc
We all make time for what we want. Nobody is TOO busy for something or some one unless they choose to be unless you are rich
THANKS FOR RT! As always, you guys are completely awesome. OR should I do it??? Pawsome...! (sry)
Good point!
If you'd give me the chance, I'd show you how it feels to be treated right.
text me when you're on campus and I'll try to at least drop by and say hi
Going to see Jack and Jill ;DD I <3 Adam Sandler this'll be good(:
Basketball game
#oomf is so FAKE for that foul shit she pulled ..!!!!
#NP Arnej - Dust In the Wind (Original Mix)
My ex
You're welcome. Thank you, you too!
is white people far better off than Blacks ???????
Athletic banquet -.-
OMG! Lol he's too darn cute! Haha his pics make me smile so much. Pebbles was looking over my shoulder at the pic as well ;P
We will be at the prudential center in downtown boston, ma for the big boston job fair. come out and bring your resumes
This lady was cleaning my balls, stopped, reached into her purse, pulled out a butterfinger and ate it.
I'm a reporter for NBC15 in Madison. I saw the story on ESPN and would like to interview you. Send me your contact info.
OH skinny guy to skinny guy: If you want to add a little weight, too, avocado is a good source of vegetable fat. Me: Fruit fat.
aww sad day
From Urth Caffe to The House House of Pies for some yummy pie!
Haha ": lol I bet you have!"
I Totally Forgot It Was St. Patricks Day Haha Me Dum Dum:P
Recorded a New Song "Miranda Song"!Had Teriyaki Bowl.went de la cruise.
Going to the beach tomorrow ^.^ and Sunday.
Thanks to , , , , , , and for sponsoring last night's happy hour!
#Brooklyn 11223 I understand backing your friend up but at the end of the day you have to back yourself up first!
Thanks! I'll make sure I am following I already follow !
#salute #Jamiezfam Yes Sir!!!! Love my FAM!!
no but I did. Haha!
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf34 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
great night with the best <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> Laura & Peter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I love how woman dress up in the summer!
I can't concentrate on anything, all I can think about are cheeseburgers.
Apologies, I wasn't able to get home to grab my laptop. So thrilled that you're teaching the class, though! Say hi for me!
Last thing i ever wanna do again is spend two hours like I just did at the doctor....
Ur welcome! That one is maroon and my dad polishes it with a special polish, it is literally his baby! :)
awh how did he apologize?
Merry Christmas to all!
Sunday at is pretty slow thus far. Our new backroom/check-in system seems to be making the check-in quite festive.
Those empty cans aren't for the car, they're the serving dishes! #tweetsfromahobowedding (Wait, did that actually happen?)
what app?!
my babe looking cute over
than you should go to China lol Go! Now!
#ff Clever folks who don't tweet a lot, but when they do..well, follow and find out
yes. Me too. I would love to go to Time Square and go shopping! (:
Have I?
Feel better! Wish I could send over some of the Pumpkin Chai GF Bundt Cake I just made!
Colorado Rockies expected @ Mayflower hotel in DC later this evening. Playing the Nationals this weekend
me three! “: Me too!!! RT : Real Housewives of Disney? I'd watch!”
on. We don't need you nor your negativty. Good Bye Marty West!!! :)
Go Big or Go Home #BGC Karmas a Bitch & Camillas got that handled LOL good luck BITCHES
hah the whole thing screams the sconnie identity, doesn't it?
I think if i am UofL I would rather see Florida. Rick would play Jedi mind tricks on Billy D. Toughness of Marquette would worry me more
My dad is the most punctual man I know. If his date is late 10 minutes, he'll ditch her.
I don't care what you think, zoey 101 is one of the best shows that ever hit television.
you aren't invite Rudy
whats your favorite part of being on victorious??
I won't know what to think until I hear the two of you talk this thing out. Will be a Pat?
Awh, I bet it's fun.
Drink every time they mention Brad Davis' left foot. I've already killed two beers since the broadcast began
ah, I love the smell of twitter in the morning.
Gambling Mack goes for it on 4th down on first drive ... and Ash sneaks it across.
Hate spring cleaning!
Use your United Way of the Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Sterling Physical Therapy & Associates, PSC. All...
I hope a change will come my way
yup! Don't tell anyone!
I doubt they will go for FSU or Clemson: a. TV money and b. UF and USC would block to avoid sharing recruits. Same with Ga Tech
whats good bro! Lets work!
#NBA is killing me w/ these 7pm tipoffs!!! “: OFFICIAL: #WhiteHot Game 2 of the 2nd Rd will be Tuesday at 7pm at the !”
kjdifoeawyfhosdnxjka i dont wanna go to school
stan gets - body and soul
Good Morning! It's Friday and the beginning of a wonderful holiday weekend! Have fun, be safe and relax. It's going to be another big week!
Loved hanging out with all you guys today!! !!!!
RT : Mark Lewis - re: Murdoch - Sometime you need to expose the very person who pays your wages.
Thanks dude. :)
Heads up: Sunday Slash at the #NMSkiSwap 11am -4pm // Excellent pre-election day reprieve.
Scattered rain showers through tonight. Some gusty wind and small (pea-size) hail is moving through right now.
you still can go?
Heat win next one and then Ind. in 6
"For protection against abuses by legislatures the people must resort to the polls, not to the courts." C.J. Waite
She had the best time! She loved the party in the kitchen with , , & you all! Thnx for all your help!
Hey everyone! I invented a new alarm clock! It's called Roaches Crawling On You While You Sleep. Perfect for those trying to rise early.
that sounds pretty intense. watching jersey shore, i'm completely lame.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Always be open to the possibility that you can become whomever you choose to be." ~Eleesha
There is nothing in the world like old friends
me too:)
I LOVE magnolia - one of my favorites too!
This virus is killing me. Been unable to work, tried removing it and none of my programs felt like running. Hopefully system restore works.
#formysweet16 I PRACTICED POPPIN TECHNIQUES W/ANIMATION IN ANTICIPATION OF BEASTING THE DANCE FLOOR..BUT THE NIGGAH HAD TUNNEL TITTY VISION
i got mine cut yesterday... very sad
coughin my lungs out
Good tweets are useful, informative and engaging, and even fun
We added your blog to ours www.crtasa.blogspot.com - hoping we can cross promote our services to a shared target audience.
Act like a human tomorrow... T'is the season give thanks for what we have instead of becoming a bitch to get things we don't
at Cathedral? Must be a really good sermon. Guess he didn't hear the band trying to cue him.
Look to the left, now look to the right. I just virtually slapped you.
That is so rude! I would never be so rude to anyone!
I am told that Seattle gets about 90 sunny days per year. We have had FOUR of them so far! Each more sparkly than the one before.
When in doubt, tweet
Sleigh Bells live on YouTube / Terminal 5!
We are going to see the nats play the red sox in boston on june 9th :)
Great seeing you both for a split second ! Hope you both had a fun night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Reminder: Walker's criminal defense fund is for his actions as Milwaukee Co Exec. (His actions as guv are a separate problem.)
I'm no NCAA women's tournament afficianado, how does 7th seeded UWGB have to play at 10th seeded Iowa St?
hope the secret service doesn't get wind of this!
Busy busy busy week! Which is a good thing, of course!
Hi Amber!!! You're fantastic on #TPIR. Random question: What's your favorite sport to watch on TV, or at a arena or stadium?
So instagram is like twitter w pictures?
it's hot and steamy out there! haha
tell him i love him okay
Fresh cutt, just paids some bills.. Now im at the mall finna stunt!
No such thing as a free day! What kind of fun are yall having?...I may need to call HR
I think I get it. SLOs say what kids should know and be able to do at year end. SS/Sci need to have a vendor define that.
RT : Leaders, RT to enter to win: I want one of three giveaways for a 60 day streaming access to #CFALeadercast!
better pic *than this
while you were giving them out, I seem to have over looked the blue ones lol
Shields walking with the team
I just get in to a challenge ! And guess what "I love it "
I hate when you fall asleep and I dont get a goodnight text.
love the new website. Amazing pics of the fastest sport in the
Seeing and tonight in #VA it's going to be an epic show
Pas The Day – “God’s Word Judges Motives” The Word both cuts and heals. It does not heal until it first cuts away.
90% of the time I'd rather sleep then go out...and when I do go out I complain about being tired..oh well
"until one had loved an animal, a part of one's soul has remained unawakened" -Anatole France
In all seriousness, not saying you got to win titles (Stockton, Malone, Barkley didn't). But you got to get out of the 1st round.
welcome to Twitter bout time you old folks signed up
Last chance to join us at the Scottish Rite today! COME SEE US! :)
All we know is the struggle!!
im always ready to chat
“: this convo me and are having right now <<<<<< yuck!” it carried over to the bed i see.. ha
& : please do a post about novels w/ hand drawn maps. Lynda Barry's Cruddy, Sag Harbor, etc. kthxbye
Can't believe music industry has suffered loss of legend, Adam Yauch. Love this Coldplay "Fight For Your Right" tribute....
Today's lesson: one must always respect the run.
Never ending runny nose
FINALLY got to watch Woody Allen's "Midnight in Paris" this weekend -- so good I watched it twice
I used to run my own block like Obama did You ain't gotta believe me, go ask my momma then
her estate made millions in the weeks after she passed.
hAVe a BLesS sUNdaY!!!
Cliff Lee, well done sir, 10 shutout innings tonight
Austin hasn't been tweeting that much :'(
The X-Files: Songs in the Key of X :)
Thanks for the #FF, and I will be there, bright and early!
My cairn and I often wonder why people have dogs that aren't terriers..."God Loves a Terrier," indeed!
When the person you love don't feel ur love sumthin is seriously wrng
1. Mai: Deutsche Bank ATMs locked up, Berliner Volksbank ATMs open but not working. Trying not to interpret.
Have fun at the game! Go Blachawks! RT
Yeah, it's good! I fell asleep b4 it was over though; have to see if I can catch up online
I have made better choices.
Happy new years world!
Omg Kevin <3 you are hilarious. Laughing Out Loud!
Parents invited to meeting on substance abuse, online safety - The Westerly Sun
Gary and Amber? RT : Who breaks up and gets back together more than the Big 12? I mean, besides Ronnie and Sammie?
that's just dead wrong, but very opportunistic in a morbid way.
LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU!
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” <U+2015> Mother Teresa
For sure, those names are ridiculous!! Glad you liked the shortened link!! I'm really learning the twitter!
we won't be in til late tomorrow night, so unfort not...well be on the floor all three days though...
I can murk a nigga and it won't affect me.
Delco traffic is the worst!!!!
When u fall for someones personality everything about them becomes beautiful....
The house is still in Mpls, albeit a different color from the tv credits.
and your naked half the time...that still true as well?
Nice talk by Jobe #pas2012 showing chorioamnionitis reduced BPD in preterm and animal model
safe travels to all those that were at #hypefestradio3 God bless you and thank you for a great night!
Chkout DC startup Biggest difference is the UI, they are completely independent,
I got fumbles on my fantasy team
If those kids don't get to hug each other in this book, I'm going to start a riot.
Whoa. What did you think I meant?! I mean there is garbage blowing around on the sidewalks.
Happy Easter to everyone! !!!
hahaha thank you!
when did you change your pic? You look so cute and about to cause trouble. Thus why you look cute.
Absolutely, happy to share!
im mad too smh & alright .
Congratulations to Dorothy and E2 () who hatched their second egg this morning!
Satan is not house-trained... Continued next tweet
Seriously, that was my thought EVERYTIME I was going into work when I worked at the mall.
I hope Carey doesn't have any malice in his heart Sunday.
I was messin man. My dude beat me to them
Hi Brandon, would love to have you on my show as a guest from Jerusalem, Israel!
when your Upset&decide to Leave then Your boyfriend runs&jumps after you & says I love you&Hugs You.
if you want 10% off use "Steven" when purchasing anything
Rally today 5:30-7:30pm Highland & Sunset. Come after work. Need lots of people. Park on side streets.
I'll check it out again.
hey i am a girl and also the profile picture is my idol
and with a boner
Is it bad that I already want the weekend to be here ????
Super sore from yesterday's massage. It's like cleaning up for the cleaning lady, only backwards.
has to rush her to the hospital text my 240 num
Glad to be following all of these ==> , and
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand
Does anyone know if Chrome has a way to turn off caching? New update caches JS files and won't reload without a cache clear
I seriously need some #runchat inspiration - after two days of just walking around, I need to get back on the run bandwagon!
I lol'ed
kinggayle shut up will you, you rich people make me sick why don't you help some poor blacks in harlem
: lay low and stay clean...lol
#Privacy issues and #libel. Whoops, should have been here. Legal issues for writers.
I know!! We need to trend something about Liam! He really deserves it in my opinion. He talks to us on twitcam!!!
Needing my barn fix - two rides tomorrow
Is your deal all inclusive? Cleats and all?
Reebok should, I don't know, find a more credible example of a "classic" than the writer of 'rack city' if they want me to go shoe shopping
Uuggh my mom bought herself 2 pairs of boots and its total cost is 200 dollars and she wont buy me the uggs i want. WTF mom. ;( Im sad now.
Zoey 101, I Loved That Show, I Miss The Old Shows Nickelodeon Used To Have, To Me, Those Were The Good Shows :/
TY for your confidence in our company. Be sure 2 follow our news releases for updates on the latest developments
hahah love your hashtag :p i cant wait to see u this summer(:
Today is Miss World 2011 beach beauty and Top Model final track!
What are you guys DOING
Just when I think I have it all dialed in, the universe throws a hard curve & jacks my whole program up. Need some good Juju right bout now!
Search this Site
oh, thank you sweetie :)
My New Galaxy Tab Is Awesome !!! xox , The Rain To Be From My
Can you please follow me? Your Gorgeouss <3
all Asians look the same amirite? /sarcasm
HOLY CRRANBERRY JELLY CRACKERS AND BUTTERNICKLES O:!!!
time to fix my mistakes just taking that shit one rep at a time cutting all the bs off
BELIEVE TOUR DATES NEXT WEEK I CANT EVEN WAIT IM SO EXCITED I JUST. GAH.
Check your hed.
Did you motorboat?! Lmao!
I know you rocked it today...SO proud of you!
Talent is what you have. Effort is what you give. Give your best!
What is the best holiday for music?
Did it. Went and rumbled/stumbled 1.3 mile around my way in some paleolithic version of running. Do it again on the morrow.
Thank you for RTs and helping us spread the word.
it's actually still cooling. We are going to try is shortly. I will report back soon :-)
World peace my nigga he funny.
radulov returns to khl. I don't see him staying in NHL.
happy birthday dropped u a Lil something in your inbox... Blessing bro
#ff are you counting down the final days till u can shop again. :-)
hey how r u
That's just a warning
Not really. Rangers, Reds, and Rockies are where they should be too
if I had tickets then yes! Until then I don't have any :/
People are dancing and making out. Last time I was here, I made out with two different girls!
Tupac video was amazing!
Thanks to all the ppl who actually showed up last night and rocked the Phantasy with me and ! It was a blast!
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
It makes me upset is there are no unbiased news channels, and few unbiased newscasts. And everyone refuses to acknowledge it.
Apple released version 5.1.1 of their iOS for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch
did it work?
Confirmed reports from #Syria: High ranking #Assad army general assassinated today in
Switching to MTV so they can teach me how to Dougie wearing my snuggie! Lol jk
shout back!
its not your responsibility to "allow' it - its God's order.
I Already Sent You The Piik Again With The Lyric(:
a #libraryblock can interfere with getting your grades, your degree, and/or your upcoming #berklee course schedule, so PLEASE come see us!
But look, an arch! Casement windows! It's so adorable! Who cares that you can see your breath indoors!
SportsBusiness Journal's Bill King says a Tweet won't make someone pay $240 for subscription. What about brand awareness?
C'mon Colorado! Represent for the Pac-12!
Great post by , President of !!
Demo version of the LP is done! Now time to tighten up the vocals, add some additional drums and bass and all that...
cot damn yo
Thanks for the follow! =)
With THE Rich Gillespie?
"...because what's love but an itch we can't scratch, a joke we can't catch. God, but still we laugh." - Good Day by Jewel
U stream was a mission complete brahh lol
After watching 1957 tv version of Cinderella, The Sound of Music & Mary Poppins, 8 yr old announces Julie Andrews is the best actress ever.
See you #beckham, don't let the door hit you on the way out.
A few of my friends I know call you their mom =P
love it!!!! Where was that taken?
You're digging the pink tassel?
GREAT MORNING NEAK
happy birthday to one of our artists, ! love you <3
Yes! I've got 80 pages to finish on my current read, then I'm picking up Alias Grace. Can't wait!
Library/GSLIS faculty's response to the LIS Library's new service model.
better than workout and whine..
What would be my excuse to go see I'm hecka old
I'm convience I'm meant to be solo, cause no one understands the music inside
No way!! Last time she saw my pic, she called me a crazy lady! Obviously her first impression... way more accurate. :)
Buy one, get one free. Sign up for RoseCityCoupons / receive text coupons for FREE. Good for 15 days.
What would you like to see happen next in ?
Gym time is valuable
fucking sweet, bro.
Hanging at the Future of Film Expo in Seattle.
Ladies of The Help look fantastic! I want Emma Stone's dress!
your welcome! figured I would help this service lol ..plus they'll be giving away prizes soon :-)
Perhaps at the end of May; plus really excited (: RT When will you start filming Bling Ring & r u excited? <3
Thanks to you too! And yes, pretty darn cool... she is a true blessing :)
50 colorful sailboats racing around Elliot Bay. Along came the big bad ferry and chased them all away. -Dave, Ageless
we discussed BK commercial in a class, some students think it's racist, others insist that crispy chicken is "black" food.
You are! I promise! :]
Winners know that the most important time frames are groups of minutes in every day~
and i never holla on these sites u just caught my eye real talk and im out
RT : If you are a Zendesk and MindTouch customer contact me asap pls.
adoption?, addiction?, peer pressure? Lol good serious topics. Expert in overcoming all of it!
43 points from kobe at the staples center... damn great win laker fans... WHAT!!! YOU LOST.. NO WAY!!
did you see our new promotion at the club?
At work feeling sick FML #powerthru =\
and scrapple is made in your backyard! By us!
Join the Text You Movement - all around the world people are joining just by adding their name to their contact list on their cell
I finally get it a pad is a big band-aid for your vagina:O
Nicki Minaj joins Elvis Duran in minutes. Her new album comes out today!
nothing exciting lol. Case for my tooth brush and mini nail polish remover.
New York is the best! I also love Paris.
Airhead icepops is like jesus christ in icepop form.
Enough about the finals, it's over. It's time to talk about next year- KOBE WILL GET 6!!!
It's Friday!!!! Time to have some fun and relaxation!
Oh. Wow. The library definitely smells like finals...
Holy crud... Mizzy and Dolph...... TOGETHER!!
Two eggs fertilized
That Griffin shot didn't count, though. They called Greene for the flagrant.
as always, I like art that polarizes. It's hard for me to really love something that some others don't really dislike.
we need to get back to soon! double date?
#StarWars - Luke I am your father!! *nerd*
iHate When I'm The Last One To Go To Sleep , Scared A'f :P
If it weren't for Javier Schwartz, I would start to take myself too seriously. Thank god.
Shaved my fussy, just in case the date goes well ! HAH
your so far away!
you know that ice cream I get from the $1 store and that grapefruit drink I like?
Did I mention a brilliant and loving human being? Also a blogger for Huff Post.
Me too! Enjoy your well deserved break. Happy New Year for 2012!
Anyone wanna twitter date
Maybe we should all slow down a bit? I know the normal 15 minute drive took 40 today!
Morgan why you lie to me
'Listen all ya'll...'
Let me know if you feel like sharing :)
WHOA WHOA WHOA. You aren't the REAL Shady McCoy?
we think she's kinda sorta alright every other Wednesday.
Piano's gettin' all prepared up in the hizzouse...
#Pirates got punked again.
A passenger of the quarantined flight tells that it is bug bites on passenger, not infectious disease, via
#YouGetPointsIf you make a witty remark that I can't find a comeback for.
Making plans to hit the town with one of my fav chicas...
Games provide situated experiences in which players are immersed in complex, problem solving tasks " -Kurt Squire
Lots of us here in central Ky are huge Reds fans also. Different sport so smart move by Reds !
Fuck you, I'm on board.
Formation and dissolution of both general and limited partnerships and limited liability companies.
hey! Its been awhile! Im sitting in class with nothing to do...... Hm?
good for you!
RT.. If You're Eating Like A Fat Pig Tomorrow!!..
Playing the new Call Of Duty!! This 'ish is brutal on veteran!! Already died 10 times thru the first 3 levels!!!!
#dabulls on at noon!!!!!
OMG baby lux!!
Road Quote of the Day: "Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?" - Jack Keroauc
Occupy Big Fat Cupcake!! For the 100%
because is a pro at em. So let's hit the girl up.
iA baby's on the way for Hilary Duff n husband Mike Comrie. The actress announced she's pregnant on her official website Sunday.
Thanks for sharing this!
nothing waiting for my birthday so i can get all my auto tune stuff so i can start recording with ryan:D
Back to Texas today!!! I will miss New York, but I am a Texas girl at heart.
oh, I didn't even know it was a holiday xP
Why is it that the more we grow up, the more we find bullshyt in our lives.?
I came to FL to find and knock her out!!!
Oh, sandwich. You have been through so much today.
Saw some Sunday Funday action while driving past Humboldt Park. One word - LARPING.
Tell a girl she’s pretty; she won’t believe you. Tell a girl she’s ugly; she’ll remember it forever.
No problem :) and he is! All of those guys are sweethearts. Great music and even better human beings.
I assume you will be Tebowing Saturday?
I know what I want, but how do I get it?
I saw that piece, Rex. It was great. I've been with you every Sunday morning for years. Bravo.
Olive Garden! :p
OH, hahaha. I didn't recognize the lake with water in it!
I don't think we're allowed to have heaters. And in the next couple months I'll be needed a mini- AC!
how can I write/request autographs from retired players? Is there a 'care of' I can write to?
Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March": Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March" *We're All VIPS in...
Thanks for the RT's!
that's kind of what I was getting at :-)
Congrats man! Thats amazing! :D
Don't bogart that Psychedelic rock! Hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl. Pass it!
Saw "Red Tails" 2day (kids were sick over wkd). Loved it! Woman next to me in Culver Cty was balling, Grandfather was an airmen
Let's do this! RT : My Allstar reserves after halftime on TNT
Being a good sister can sometimes turn into being a mom and giving lectures.
Since my phone is cut off i will just tweet for the next two days
can you follow back so I can reply to dms?
you always have me to talk too!!!! ;)
I need to be sleep before 12
I know same here! It's been way to freaking long!
Locked out of my room. Lovely...
Omg its beautiful outside.
Today has been a lactose overload experiment for my digestive system. I think I might get kicked out of the apartment.
it's blowing pretty hard!
hey Marc Chino Nunez sending regards, long time since otra nota. Blessings to you peace.
knowing there is school just breaks my heart
My grandpa is the stealthiest man. Ever. He just strolls on in and no one even knew he was here.
So funny, I forgot to laugh.....
just broke into my own apartment
Headed out to to record some tunes with my other band, Among Wolves. It will be
Good run #CSU! Now its time to focus on the rest of my bracket
Was a lot more than High School antics. It was bullying and bigotry that affected the victim his entire life.
.RT : Fractured French: Pas de chance: accidental father
ay! my new total obsession. seriously, it's my iPhone wallpaper... haha
don't be lost and found Maine!!! How are you
#boybyenotwiththem rubber-bands on the bottom of yo jeans!
Blood Cuzz is funny as hell.
tomorrow is K.c day i miss my big head r.i.p. 1(20}12 wearin my R.i.p. shirt for my baby 2 months gonee ugh
awesome right?? :)
Thanks for watching!
damnit. just messed up my move.
we're loving new limited edition creme de corps designed by KAWS with 100% of proceeds going to our friends at Gorgeous!
He's hilarious, plus I think he could he me straighten out my life. Figure out what's important.
rude ass. -______- you look like poo. The real kind.
go to thetalentfarm.com to catch a live performance of us in about 20 minutes!
we have the same iPod case..... Just had to point that out!!
Welcome to my new campaign Twitter account. Stay tuned for campaign updates, and follow for my notes from the campaign trail
i love your icon <3
Interviewing Chris Squire tomorrow!!!
I had a dream that I was watching a baseball game on TV and you were sitting in the 2nd row right behind the plate. WTF???
no, I said the complete opposite. I think.
It helps a TON. I set up a "library" of elements that make up our product that I can reuse when designing new features.
everyone iove talked to today has an AAU game at east fairmont...all on different teams
I need to go snorkeling and surfing. San Diego is on my mind.
your not a bad influence. People just are jealous & they need to get a #gfa C:
“: If you could co-write a song with anyone - who would it be?” !
Did I miss you!?? :-\ Call (919)633-2606 when u need me...I will be there ASAP!!!!! HOW WAS YA NIGHT BRO????
Thank you for the RT and the FAVORITE. And thanks for all you do in support of #Educare!
I want some ice cold lemonade. But I'm too lazy to go out. Fudge.
Yeah! “: Just bought another copy of See. Mix. Drink for a friend. The perfect gift. ”
where you at?
Good presentation by Derede McAlpin re crisis management. Discourages use of "no comment". Always say something. use "low comment"
what? Lmboooooooo. You know how sisters are. Pull stuff like that and don't even realize it lol.
Have you downloaded our new app yet? Check it out on the iPhone and Android market
wish you were out celebrating with us!!
This kid is crazy. You can't just say your coming to see. What if i have plans
You're a successful person, ignore the "haters" and enjoy your life...the more you respond the more they attack. Enjoy Beantown!
But He was pierced for our transgressions, He was crushed for our iniquities; and by His wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5
Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
I don't think I never asked... What do you do?
and Belieber here: The word I most love to tell you guys "I love you guys my other loves" PLEASEE answer me.
of course you wanted beautiful, you mean needed?
We hope you become one of our top posters! ^SZ
im just wonder could you maybe possibly teach me how to... dougie?
Check out Incubus performing at FBL 9/13 w/ guest Young the Giant. Tickets on sale now @ LiveNation.com, Box Office or call 800-745-3000.
So interesting to hear Julia Taylor speak in a room full of wonderful nonprofit leaders!
Hope lives!!!
People need to stop trying so hard.
Glad no one heard me when I said "I'm getting a lart state to my day."
Did they enjoy ? Did they go to any of the big outlets ? x
Man! That means you did about 50 since I last saw you. Amazing. Nice Isthmus article, too!
#HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Go watch it Little Monsters. X
if u wanna pop a colab lets do it
So Bored What To Do, What To Do
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 77
”Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
We need more evangelists!! MT obsessed with potential of online games to engage museum visitors after initial visits
Is she retarded!?
Watched the Three Stooges movie. Love a lot of the films Farrelly Bros have directed but classics should be left alone.
Thanks so much!:)
But wait... who wants to go to the #CELTICS v 76ers game Weds?! There are tickets for $25.. c'mon y'all. I promise I won't be too obnoxious.
Id never heard that song before I just looked it up. Funky funky. Better for pimping chickennuggets than the overt sexual tune
Have you noticed? So far there is a college-aged student running for Gov and two running for assembly. (I am one of them!)
you biggest little fan is the cutest thing ever :) but i think we'd all agree ur the cutesstt;p
Because the Battle of Hogwarts was on May 2nd <3
Who's going to see Brian Jonestown Massacre at the Wiltern in LA tomorrow ?
yeah def. shake shack maybe. Stupid tiny burgers
Maybe! But I'm probably going to NYC for the weekend!
My battery is almost dead and its 10:45....its time for the iPhone.
Arianators! talk to me! I feel like talking about Ariana! haha. if you have a craving for Ariana right now, talk to me!! <3
She is doing this like, deliberately.
I got another one of "those" e-mails today. Now they want in Tacoma, Washington. I told them to stand by :)
Old people sitting by the lake, reading and watching birds. <3
One month since what?
RIP Dick Clark ....NYE won't be the same without ya
I won't.. thanks for the reminder.
Great show, ! Cars were towed, people got pulled over. Good times.
yea but so r crooked teeth... and when the braces come off dayyummm #dontworry ur teeth are
If you are just tuning in, the NL Central is Caddyshack & the #brewers are Rodney Dangerfield. GO!
Seriously, watch the tape. #smh :)
Sure. No problem. Shoot me an email with any thoughts/questions you have. FIrst I would start getting a list of interested ppl
What NBA is on tv today. Not sure what to do without NFL.
Like Trey said, I can't help but wait
Thanks for the follow, Jim.
Thinking about you. Hang in there. It gets better.
Heading to the ER :(
Joan and Lana, Off Center Productions... they're back! And their beautiful ceramic pendants are as beautiful as ever!
Yulsman: Science has so many shades of gray it would "make Ansel Adams blush." Science journalists have to reflect that
Thank you so much for letting me meet and live chat with tonight! :)
I hear too much chatter that Tebow is hated or / traded because of his faith. He is not an NFL caliber QB. Media coverage made him hated.
Thanks David. It's tough being number one.
If it takes more than a minute to think up a retort, save it.
On the minus side, I've spent about eight hours wrestling with the same WP theme. On the plus side, I am now such a WP champ.
the recovery has already started. It going to be slow, but that's ok.
Sorry you didn't like them. I was really taken by both, but there's of course so much more I could have included. 10 is hard!
Crowd was small (5,000) but quite a few Schalke fans. Some from Germany! But some of my Twitter friends too. Met a few of them.
Don't forget to come out :30 to support the amazing men of for their CentaurShow after PiAthlon!You won't want to miss this!
Added MySynergy to my research and study tools..love it!
Cloud Computing Skills Shortage Forces CIOs to Grow Their Own via Meridith Levinson
nothing more satisfying than putting in that good werk and continuous progression ...
“: Sunday night = dexter c:”
yes i have one. justhannahnashville i would be glad to fan you:)
RT : All those clouds and no rain. Such a tease, such a tease you are #ATX weather...
Omg I have so much to do :'(
Are you home?!
Where ya moving to, Lynne?
#ff <-- she talks. you should listen.
They said, 'HELLO!!' Lauren says she loves once again. =)
Good Morning!! I am happy to say I made it through another work week..feeling
I woke up my sister by screaming loudly. ;) How #GRAND am I ?! ;)
me+you were a diasterrrr
God I hope Seth isn't really done. Loved having 2 hometown starters on the team.
<------- i got a new profile pic. its HENDRIX,princetons new little puppy. isnt he cute
you alright
Check your email! We sent you a special offer for One FREE Drink with the purchase of any meal!
you need to calm down.
First Take is about to torch LBJ and the Heat
": Haley Smith is pretty bomb" another great Haley!
slait: RT tywebb Fav quote from #sla2010: "Some use information like a drunk uses a lamppost—for validation and support, not ...
&#39;Perfect Strangers&#39; gets its own viral video game
Anyone read The O2 Diet yet? Saw a spot on one of the morning news shows yesterday...looks like a healthy approach to eating.
Love it! RT : Multiple Twitter accounts pushing out different topics - one bird as a flock
ALL OF US at National Corporate Research, Ltd. like to WISH EVERYONE and THEIR FAMILIES A MERRY & SAFE #CHRISTMAS!!!!!!
LMAO story of my life!!! I just blow air out really loudly and call it my "whistle"
O that sounds pawwwwfect!
Enjoy, sir!
The Renegade Theatre Group
this is all of our first time...I went and pre bought the tickets because it's been selling out at every theater in Denver
Connect with orgs in the #nonprofit space. If I might be able to be of assistance, plz get in touch.
Sorry for the spam tweets folks. We've deleted them and are back in control. Have a great weekend!
no idea where that is. But I'll find it. Better show me what you can do.
Looking forward to stopping by the offices next week! Such a huge fan. :)
how bout u mention me on younow, a special request from a special fan for the first time ever<3333
maybe.. As long as my parents will let me I'll come :)
Really enjoyed at First Ave this evening. Can't say I've ever been to a show quite like it. And that man can fiddle!
cool. i live in VA :D
All better. Game on. 28-7 almost end of 3rd.
u know I love u still :)
Thanks for the follow.Check out my facebook music page if you have time!Hope you like it <3 Btw,awesome Beiber fan twitter!
Get it all in with 1010 vs big stacks 66. I flop a 10 but lololol board runs out a straight for the 66.
That mini heart attack you have when you drop your phone.
RT : I'm looking forward to in 2012. Jesus + Universal = blockbuster.
He really enjoys running in them when he is training. He has several bare foot styles, he goes through shoes like crazy.
I own one pair of jeans. And I just got pooped on.
Kelly I'm glad you're well. I'm waiting until we make music again.
My parents are in town and their dog has been staying at my house
#Tired Wish I could've slept in a lil longer. Lol. Anyway... GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!!! Hope you all have a fantastic Saturday!!!!!
from what I can tell you need to convince the system that you are an active yelp user. Usually need 10+ reviews to have staying power
you guys still had to work today?
working on ebay,com
But if Greece exits the Eurozone, isn't that going to make everyone happy?
Let's go #bulls! The night is darkest just before the dawn! No #noah either...its gonna be tough but you have 2 #winfromwithin !
Just wanted to give a shout out to some of our customers who've tweeted to us. Thanks for you #FF!
wow I love love love the update!
Win our latest album, For The Ladies, featuring "Cougar Hunt!" Follow us & RT to enter. Picking 5 winners tomorrow @ 3pm!
So many people want the heat to lose lol smh
Epico & Primo New Tag Team Champions!
#Remodelers and #Contractors how many of you out there use Angie's List regularly?
Heres to the nights we don't remember and the friends we wont forget
I truly believe . . . the Tar Heels will lose
When people follow none of the posted rules, ie wearing sandals, bringing bags in gym, more than 20 mins on cardio equipment!
I hate when I can't find my shirt :/
Tracking it, yes. RT : I'm so interested in #Werdesheim verdict will be. will you be addressing it at all this week?
Bored Twitter && Fb
#oldsongsthatgetstuckinmyhead year 3000 by the jonas brothers
She said "I know you gave me everything, but love is not enough"
Congratulations! I love the smiles on y'all's faces. Do you know what the next step is?
We have our 7 contestants for the "Beach Body Blast Off!" The contest begins next Sunday, so stay tuned!
is the modern day equivalent of FDR's fireside chats.
Retail therapy can cure many woes. Especially when Downtown Seattle is so festive and stores have so many sales :)
Did you catch the Carlson on the law radio show? What did you think?
"Life only demands from you the strength you possess. Only one feat is possible--not to have run away." - Dag Hammarskjold
yeah....that's happening right now!
I think longing for someone you don't yet know is better then longing for someone you can't have
So the member of the I thought would get suspended... wasn't. Roman Harper
Fireworks at the end of this one as guys continue to go after it following the whistle. Officials need to get ahold of this right now.
Oh my god. Good night world.
“: Anyone who tells me I look like Austin Powers instantly goes on my Shit List. Fair Warning.” pow! Lol
If, in all sectors women are on the ascent...marriage regime based on men’s overwhelming economic dominance may be passing into extinction.
The Greyjoys seem to think that if you scream "I'm a dick" loudly enough, no one can be mad at you for being a dick.
no time like today.
So happy to finally be a member of
Ova here nd these negros r cussin up a storm...they need jeezus
353: Not my best day. But I can be grateful that I drove home safely before the major meltdown occurred.
Thank you to Robin Lynn Brooks for liking our page!
Say lets go out this weekend
Before I got married I had 6 theories about bringing up children; now I have 6 children & no theories. John Wilmot Earl of Rochester
The Literary Addict... :) twitter newbie! Follow me if you love books!
what booobooo you just notice that bol ILY too :)
Got hugged by a complete stranger after prince hit his third homer last night . I love miller park!
wow, her left one looks like a kidney.
only one can be the best! You can take second place! (winkwink!)
In the car though
RT : #Aries, #Leo & #Sagittarius use aggression to get what they want.
my wife is Ashley at Do you know who I am talking about? Hope you had a good time.
Thanks for the follow Leslie!
Working on web stuff today, would rather be painting, maybe I can do both, (not at the same time).
if I still could edit wikipedia I'd change Meyer's entry to include that she's only 8 & wrote all her books w/ crayons
great!! let me know what ya think
is that suppose to be a vagina lol
Just finished The Art of Fielding and can't wait to talk it out at book club on Sunday. (cc: lit ladies )
Stock market: serious technical resistance for S&P 500 right now. A double top has formed!! Time to make $$$ on way down!
ur so welcome sweetheart!
yeah man you so raw
the vow and the lorax are a NO NO !
sweet caroline per my dads request ps i graduate from Sdsu tomorrow!!!
thanks for the video. So cute!
hey how are you? :) you should give me a follow back if ya can <3
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK GO GO GO!!!
RT : We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.
Facebook is boring when the person you want to be online is not..
I'm not sure if love is forever, but I have heard that herpes is.
Wow I had to record Paranormal Challenge and now that Im on Twitter I know EVERYTHING haha (: thanks ! Im going to watch it now:)
Stripper karaoke = Fucking awesome
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. Henry Ford
We should all do something after the exam!
Twitter jail
He said I been very aggressive with him. I must be doing something right <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Coffee intake on average is about a third that of tap water in most of North America & Europe.
I went skiing in the front range last week. Very unusual. Check out my Marketing Resource Blog for to see the video.
Serious hippie transformation taking place. Mixing my own essential oils for clients and listening to a lot of Sting. Please send help.
washington loves you, maryland! xoxo
Is geeked about watching #theview Having a reunion of Greg & Jenny! #amc :p. :D.
thank you for my new fans keeping me on my toes
yea right... Least I respond to your texts unlike someone I know cough cough.
im downstairs and my phone is upstairs. shows how much i use it
i know lol
21 Jump Street was pretty damn funny
Pretty much all of the 30 for 30's are gems
Larry Robinson. PLEASE!
so this raises some questions. a) how do you dispose of a microwave? and b) what constitutes a good microwave? hum.
It's been too long since a Rock Band party, hasn't it?! We should remedy that.
you come to me!!!
glad to hear it!
Why is the crypt keeper holding that trophy?! She is so crazy!
he's making you pay for the wedding? haha
i'm sorry .___.
Yes! Those r so good too!
hav u ever gave urself a stranger
“: Everybody watch Celebrity Sex Tape ASAP! Kappa Sig brother is in it and it's HILARIOUS! brother keep up the good work”
HEY HEY HEY IF U SING,RAP, CHECK OUT , HE HAS THE BEST BEATS OUT CHECK HEM OUT THE BEST
& #VoicesOfNewLife are going to be featured on the special airing of #Wrestlemania has the help bring out in style
When people ask me what I'm wearing for Halloween there is an awkward silence.
im having such a hard time dealing with my depression latly.. i don't even know what to do anymore is like the only person who
That's exactly what said when I asked if it was Will Ferrell RT: Richard Simmons on a tightrope at the super bowl!!
Thanks RW. Still on too. Hoping for new innovations soon.
Sat 16 April - Joel, Jim and Brian at the Penn Brewery, Pittsburgh. That'll be good! 7-10pm, free entry.
--> RT : I'm tired. I have an early meeting tomorrow. I should go to bed. So, I'm going out for a beer.
Happy Pi Day!
Y'all so funny. Spend money you haven't earned, for shit you dot need, to impress people you don't like.
RT : Jeremy Grant #ID360Conference "reliance on password creating the soft underbelly of the Internet."
yeah same here!(: here we only have 9 days left!
ima supa soak yo ass .. yea i got a water gun but dat bitch full of acid
BRAVO, Smash. Great finale: Naive girl from the Midwest makes it in New York City! I cheered for Karen all along. :)
i hope you have had the best day ever!!(: <3 happy birthday Austin Carter Mahone!<3 never give up on what you do best! (:
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where nobody can find us.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 24
Destiny is sleeping over <3 girls night :D
So who all is coming to my show tonight in Lakewood???
Thanks! We had a GREAT weekend! How was yours?
Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships! Not interested, but know someone who is?We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com
& johnny costa meeting for the first time next weekend? yurp. gonna be epic.
"I wasn't that drunk", ""Dude, you picked up a little Mexican girl and yelled, 'DORA, I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'"
Adding salsa to your taco only tacks on about 3 calories, but it’s loaded with antioxidants and vitamins from the tomato.
Most girls appreciate the small things .
11:11 still have not got my wish..
You two broads had better wear your happy pants tomorrow. Just sayin'....lol
Im so bored I really need a hobby or a second job. Really should be sleep but im up, so its ice cream time. Its nt Ben N Jerrys but it'll do
#Schoology lets you organize content into separete areas, create threaded discussions, tests/quizzes, albums, and more
I think I'm going to get a hedgehog ignoring the fact that they're illegal..
I see hipster glasses. Everywhere.
Happy Sunday!
My tdwp zombie ep came in today; & they signed it:D
Good seeing you and happy birthday! Thanks for coming out!
Anything not moving forward, is moving backwards. Is your key system and physical security programs moving forward?
OK den. MUAH!
RadioShack Posts 1Q Loss As Product Demand Wanes - Wall Street Journal
Just met the boyfriends parents.. I am an
Bet! Text me
Hardly got any sleep last night...I just couldn't stop sneezing. Currently about to take a nap under the dryer lol
I. Can't. Watch. *watches between fingers*
Looks like I'll be spending my day in Santa Monica... :-)
what it do MsValentina <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #16: Rivertown Brewing Oatmeal Stout
I wonder how Snooki got pregnant.
Just shot my sperm all in this girl ass!!! Hoe loved it ;-)
Who saw that movie The Full Monty? When the guys were practicing their skripper moves to Hot Stuff!! So funny =-)
Way to cold, promise you'll need some theraflu.
Yup, mom jeans. Those guys've got my number.
I love my family
Hey Bari - how is your new year going?
.I just did
I had no homework yesterday but the rest of the week is gonna be busy.
Girl is tweaking next to me. Speed as a study aid!
Gurnee Mills Mall and I have a date right now.
RIP Teddy Pendergrass
Gym time!
Why your next hire s/b a Wikipedian: scholars + editors + IP experts + outreach/inreach geniuses + kick ass
Just don't flap arms and make buzzing sound
New Default!
Finally updated blog. Nice.
Lets fuckin go
I know, it is sad. I've got a family trip that weekend and got my schedule confused. Bah! You going?
Unless Utah drops a home game, that's exactly what it means.
#whitestarbar in Jersey City- update your online menu.
do you really?
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Congrats Ana RT : Officially done with this semester and I'm kind of sad about it. I'm going to miss my forensic anthro class.
last night's dessert class at the japan america society of washington was so fun and oishii!! anko love! <3
#sharktank was so good had 2 watch it again! was priceless! I don't think gold guy knew what the hell he said himself!
I have the day off.. now what?
Sprained my knee and ankle =(
Music keeps you sane.
Do you have any technology in place to route based on location of caller?
Sight deals with what we can see but vision shows what we can be!!
google analytics is surprisingly addictive. Or i'm a dork.
bah. I think it would keep NY reeling.
04-06 data: 27% ready reference questions 2010 data: ready reference ?s went up
Where all my people's at?
Glad we're connected now!
It takes a whole lot for me to stay up to watch or do anything past my bed time...pyschiatrist says no sleep makes me CRAZY!ha
Why is the gym so packed??? Marathon guilt?
the whole first record is on there. I recorded it at the studio where "Dark Side of the Moon" and Stardeath of done stuff
You know you don't wanna miss brunch! From 11 to 3 today, we're serving from both our brunch and our lunch menus, with espresso bar!
He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him. You miss him, even though you know he will never care.”
see you Thursday in LA <3
jus got off the phone w/ issue
what the fuck
you never fail to impress!
follow me?(:
“: Happy Mother's Day to all the grandma's that took care of the kids when mom couldnt.........or just wouldnt.”/// agree
that is pretty cool for sure! Lots of local stuff, which is what we like!!
I feel like twitter could serve as a script for us in college
still haven't looked... "the streets said"
I want to buy something to eat cause I haven't ate anything, but I don't even feel hungry.
- Late notice, but we'd luv 2 c u fri nite Shoot To Cure Event. DM 4 details if u can make it. Thx VJ!
The joint is hopping! Come on down to the kids' lit festival!!!
el oh el.
so you think I'm a 'Bot'?
damn that whole church parking lot thing would probably only happen to you
Thanks for the RT, Pat! :)
no phone or ipod.
Huge applaud for Carl Malamud #g2s He knows the challenges!
All the pictures I get are usually of the tops of people's heads. :\
B.D.$ DA TEAM BITCH!!
Oh hey, please tell me you're a fan of "The Room"
worried? You mean excited? Lol
thanks man well grab that lunch soon enough. I'll be back!
i just ate mayo :(
Looking forward to church this AM God is so good!
can't wait to play Club Moscow w/ !! Eep!
"I'm pretty sure your mom won't let you do this" I'm pretty sure this isn't your business.
Big Time Rush<3(:
Hanging out w/ hubby and his cousin, Sarah!
I know you did!
Got to...u never know!
OK in summer: stay inside, go to the lake, or leave Oklahoma(temporarily). That's what I did when I lived there.
I really want to play tennis. Where can I get my racquet restrung around here?
do you know where? Can't find it.
I agree that Javascript has terrible warts, but I find prototypes & slots much simpler and more powerful than class/ivar
I understand that. Especially when you've had them for 19 years. RT : it got me too.
Technology and Society, Week 15: Quantum Theory attempts to explain why Einstein's General Relativity doesn't work at subatomic levels.
Kimskey Nickelodeon and yourself are the only ones that have seen it Brad ...
yeah i usually buy 6 for sandals but otherwise 6.5.
good to know. I'll try to keep up.
does not want players tweeting about sports, dumb idea!! To what extent can organizations control their members lives
When is this moving happening? Where to? Or should I say "whence"? (No. No I should not.) WHENCE!! Sorry, couldnt help it.
u too :D
ahaha sorry! Can you pick me up in like 5? Or are you still waiting..?
Well, if you wish to lower your standards & mingle with us common folk, we could meet.
List of Dream Festivals: Lollapalooza, Reading Festival, Coachella, Bonnaroo, Bamboozle...im going to all of them
Please don't use pic.Twitter, I can't view it on
Will they talk about Haiti at the Florida Republican debate #CNNDebate? (which is about 650 miles and 1.5 hour plane flight from Miami)?
Seeing soul surfer :)
Only good news from #Avengers, apparently. Which means, social networks' buzz on fire. Which means, get ready for a legendary
How do you navigate 1,000 notes for a single patient? I's a common problem at the VA
“: Had a quick meeting now I'm back on the road. Time to empower some folks to Financial Freedom!” amen! :)
Much better to be listening to NOFX way to loud on way home.
Makeup tip of the day: When applying falsies, please push them down into your lashline so that they don't sit on your lid & truly look fake
Where did I say that it was? Least change != Small change
Help! Cures/help for worse flu you've ever had? GO!
Greetings Thank you for connecting. Looking forward to serving. I have used your products! Have followed back. ~Linda
Bored in class
you can putcho trust in me .
Niggas was in mardi gra gear screaming welcome and passing out beads.
I really can't sleep doe :(
I'm a fire I'm a flood I'm a revolution
those belong to none other than Zita she's been looking for them for a while and would like them back as soon as possible
#SportingKC playing with wild abandon! Like going commando on a 1st date!
Marketing Team in Social Media: from : Let thousand flowers bloom. Empower and let go.
Brockport Rotary Club announces cooking class, barbecue music fest fundraiser
Great presentation from of Real good stuff.
Here it is poor performimg schl, principal needs to go, poor district bye superintendent does not change BoE members, etc
I want those zebra haircutting and thinning shears I saw at cosmoprof so bad!!!
A big bank account doesn't make you a better person than someone else. If you think that, it just means you're shallow!
on my way
Hit us on Facebook @ Praci$e Conkelton or 500Boyz fanpage :) TEAM F.B.E.
I'll drag that shit out for a good 5 minutes just cause I like to:)
that's really low
Hahah go us!!!! i love justin bieber!:)
you da best you deserve a crown bitch
Dang, I was rooting for the brother
I'm finally on time for once in my life.
"Finished" a new essay today, thx to the help of good readers. Yay! (Creeping closer to a full collection.)
Got me through work today. I went from novice to borderline pro. I also got hooked too.
you sometimes see me
When My Phone dies when im Sleep.
Will do, it's a wild ride tonight!
the walking dead O_O
He's playing so well this year. Can't blame him for the second one that got by him.
U cudnt beat me, even if I had on blindfolds. lol SOCCER!!
Embargo In Ft Worth tonight Live band playing Rock En Español and myself playing the rest of the tunes! Come party/hangout with us.
Need some fruit snacks up in this bitch pronto
if you can help us out with a date we'd love to come through!
Knicks back within 4. Let's go!
Streaming Many Moods of Ben Vaughn on while sitting on the beach. Perfect!
Just in... Adams County prosecutors charge Doris Becky Trujillo with 1st deg murder in death of four year old grandson. File sealed.
I would but you never know about somebody under that much public scrutiny
Thank you so much.. I love you more every day... God Blessed me with you.. Thank you for being you
Idea: For next yr, all Balboa Park staff/volunteers park @ Inspiration Point & walk/use park bus to get to destination. Evaluate real demand
all the time
A pooping I will go, a pooping I will go, I ho the dario a pooping I will go
For almost any other issue you could name, I do have tremendous sympathy. For 9/11, and I don't know why, it just disappears.
Congrats to and Decarlous Spearman for winning $100 Amazon gift cards for visiting the Crowley booth at #ala11 and
Just peed in a bottle for my bestfriend. Lmao
Just ate chocolate cookies, cheezits &a whole family size box of velveta shells and cheese. To much junk food at once, I feel like puking :(
coming up in two minutes: what Prince William said kept him from the Olympics & an 89 yo Tigard man gets to graduate
Thanks, Franki, likewise :) Did you celebrate?
A pot of tea, a plate of cookies, #NewEnglandPatriots on TV, and a pile of #AASLH session proposals to review. Bring it on, 2012.
Wished my representative was more engaged online
I don't subtweet. Unless you have a tail and think your some sick cage fighter from columbus
Eau Claire is in the house! #BonIver #bestnewartist #Grammys Justin V accepts by mentioning 'non-nominees' & those who inspired him
We just spoke with the mother of the 4 year old left on a Dansville school bus yesterday morning...
You seriously have to dumb yourself down to understand one sentence from mouth
"What is most urgently needed is a...shift from...education for society's sake to...a society that serves...education."
Red light at 27.
fashoooo ! Sounds good player!
whats up twitter what everyone doing today
do u know if he has to do a primary here in ny?
Wow. Sometimes (oftentimes) I can't wrap my mind around how those relationships actually worked. How slavery worked.
Yeah I remember that :p and you werent <3
Voodoo On The Road Tour! Tonight, Fawn Tavern w/ Fivealarm Flood! Need I say more? See ya!
Cant watch
What's good #followers #TGIF have a nice day
.. clarifying A2: .. and end-users are the ones holding smartphones, eg., consumers/buyers .. ?
100-67, give us the crown already
I would say bench buford but I don't know what to think anymore
"The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year" make that 5,000 for me lol
don't pay attention to those types of comments b/c you're amazing, its great that your following yur dreams :D ily<3
Went to the supermarket for milk. Walked out $88.75 poorer. Don't shop hungry!
happy birthday <3
It's the brightness in your eyes I see it all tonight In the darkness of my light Shining on the chosen few
(gasp) Do you mean is not already following me? ===> follow
woah! so very greek in its epicness! can't wait to see it...
What about Dust Bunnies? Lol
It's only wednesday...
Canada vs USA tonight..Let's go Canada
only if you want your insulin levels to spike.
Get at me for studio time and photoshoots.
Happy #Halloween everybody. Please be safe and don't eat to much candy.
Leadership is a contact sport. It takes a team!
It's a shame SYTCD doesn't credit composers on the song sets they use. Frank Sinatra did not compose Gypsy...
Charlie Sheen has nothing on you. Happy Birthday Deming!!!!!
There have been 913 online #donor registrations for May 1st and May 2nd combined, in the state of Illinois!
Back to bed. Not a good sign when the morning already wore me out.
flipped is a cute movie c:
I have a new favorite song next 2 you by Chris Brown Ft. Justin Bieber such a amazing song I love it so much!! :) <3
RT This is Bandelier Ntnl Monument's bday! President Wilson signed legislation to create the park on February 11 1916
And obviously breakfast which is the most important meal of the day...smh. lol
#SandraFluke, stand on your own 2 feet rather than depending on the govt your entire life. College is supposed to teach independence.
Gotta think coaches picked Taylor over Burke out of respect for his whole college career. Maybe not the best way to select.
A big thanks to the Owensboro Women's Network for hosting me today. Looking forward to their support at the Red, White, and Blue Picnic.
it's bed time for me
I just scrolled back and saw that you found out you're having a Little Miss! Congratulations!!
#College grads after the most #money should look for a job in the utility industry, highest average starting salary at $64K.
So is it mandatory for you to duet with Tony Bennet at one point in your career to achieve success?
Needing ideas for impersonations & impressions you think I should do. Tweet me. And Go.
Same here banged up still a little tipsy!!!!!!!
lmao she know I got her
TPQF=date after which you will be in the field. Helpful for scheduling #archaeology meetings during spring/summer cusp! Hope it catches on:)
i understand man, you can still come with me when i do it and maybe we can convince the photographer to let us both do it :)
Turned on #TheVoice. Tony Lucca did a great job with his version of 99 Problems.
Is there wine in your weekend plans?
afternoon, kids.Walked the dog, worked out,now sufficiently motivated for #amwriting. Starting over w/ chapt 3. This time, more conflict.
Wasn't going to drink tonight but this game might drive me to it.
haha, I will....which ones...? And you gotta send me a pic first...I need the email.
haha me neither - I'd much rather listen to Britney sing over her...or work it on the dance floor
": My final exams do not start till Wednesday fml" gud luck to ya hope u do well
RT : Know the source of your abilities and use your gifts to serve God. Inspired by 1Peter 4:10
<singing> You are worthy and we give your name the praise. You are worthy and we give your name the praise.
sorry, you popped on my TL and it just made me think of my friend. All these remakes and he has tons of orig scripts.
Great ending!
People Are Annoying Af..
no?!?! Is that from where I think its from???
In case people want to change, they will. If they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
no u r awesome we r playing the virtual Jesse jane cd and the girls here are calling the shots hahha
my dad bowls in the league. loll.
I don't see the iPad??
A big welcome to Jeremy, the ALC's new Trinity Fellow from Marquette University, too. Glad to have you on our team!
Moo Goo who? He a pitcher? What are his stats like?
If you wasn't so stuck on stupid, we'd get along.
Hott bath tonight though...
ojala que no.
Ready for a nice vacation. Something simple like a chalet in gatlinburg Tennessee with the family.
Isn't there always a run on Sun morn? I'm w/ u, it was all I could do to get the flight booked, haven't thought abt sched
i can't get one of them they so thin i might drop it
If I were in a different place in life, I would seriously consider it!
My mailbox is empty. Dammit. I'm the kind of guy who is excited to get mail addressed to occupant.
RT Please #FundMyFriday it's warmed up early this year & the Food Trucks are out!
yeah you did
I hope Matt doesn't get a heavy sentence because Lisa deserved to die. #GH We also have killers like Jason & Luke roaming free for years.
Straight up! But when I get loose...these guys are in TROUBLE!
Only 5 days left to our #5D Seminar. Want to learn more about how to get the best out of your DSLR camera? Reserve your place today...
Woot! Go Rose Go!
it feels like I've been trying to get you to follow me since forever.. :/
Lil wayne killed it tonite! Great $ spent. Can't wait til he cmes back!! Never dwn play blo we show much love
Deal. ;) (Says the guy who doesn't have your number)“: HAHA happy to feature the guys so call me maybe?”
Working from home tomorrow means no 5:00am alarm
I lie. Car isn't started yet but it will be soon. Long story. Ask upty.
omfg ! And coincidently I have the appetite of a claw today !
Writing preliminary functional requirements for a search interface to some DBs -- trying to balance between what I want & what is practical
I wanna see a pic of him. I bet he so adorable.! :))
Are you going to Midwest UX next month?
Planning a 5-part science miniseries involving beer, ants, the origin of agriculture and yes, yes, back by popular demand, the clap.
Great info on Social Commerce, Ecommerce, and UX at our active account - pls follow us there and unfollow here (to help track).
please follow she is you biggest fan!45
DOPE! This Thurs I'm in the Final Showcase for Montreal Comedy Fest at and May 25 & 26 I perform w/ Bill Burr at Flappers!
oh lol sorry
Are you awake?! I was afraid to message you!!
Who wants me @ _yeager
Was told I had girls hating tonight, but all I say iS keep hatin its a disease..
163N accident just past Ash sounded exactly like a Nascar crash. I'm fan, so I'm well aware of that noise. Hope everyone is ok!
did u see avengers yet
regaling us w/ reportorial digest of Wells Fargo picket on Forum. Well played.
Like I wouldn't believe other people I would ask me because if told you she lied to you .. Tell me str8 up
the things I would do to go to st mikes again for a day
I smellith the views of a Sooner in Tx. ;-)
China's "superior economic model" has their per capita GDP rated in the top 100 of countries of the world. Not top 10 or 50. 100 .
I love the only time Boston fans have anything interesting to say is when they're talking crap about other teams. Let's do this Sixers
You're forgetting Shipley, no?
HAHA! I was in a hurry to get over to you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
A FUCKING SAP
no problem can u plz follow my other account ? :)
I don't think should be allowed to claim a route to Baltimore when they drop you in White Marsh, and it requires a car. Liars.
So my cousin, and I want to start reading comics. Do my followers have any suggestions??
I wear white while drinking red wine. I live dangerously.
Thanks will.i.am for bringing back to the Maritime Music Hall last night, that brought back memories.
Marissa's elimination removed any interest or credibility in the show. Alex=lazy, Cameron=pansy, Marissa=best voice/actress!
I think the Gorilla once backed into a corner, comes out fighting and thrashes the Lion. I should check Utube for a Vid?
m... That looks well tasty :) xx
It's awesome to have an excuse to explain heteronormativity to people in bars.
Good morning ladies and gents
Ok Brewers, can you please start the crawl back to .500 starting tonight? Thanks
Boston is so very far. But they have seafood, and if they have you too, I guess that's good enough reason to visit. M...pie
End of day two and #KelTec still hasn't answered the phone or returned my calls regarding my broken PF-9.
Ok, who is buying those "if something stinks, it's Philadelphia cause we're the shit" bootleg tshirts?
aw. Yea I know what you mean.
damnit you caught me :P haha
Man, this year's NYC better have an awesome lineup like ISA LA.
omgosh the Matildas got an #oliviers2012 -- and how eloquent they are!! Crazy.
Smiley and googly, you can't go wrong. Happy New Year!
Just thinking.....
All my followers thanks for following me on I will follow yall back
I'm going to email you back today!! Just haven't had the 15 minutes to do it yet.. Been mobile for a while
To compliment the Easter holiday vibe, I'll be spending the weekend telling random strangers, "Passover -- what it is, chopped liver?"
he's not getting one. He is on the clock waiting in line for his boss flaunting his nexus one that already has multi-tasking.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRO!!! :D Hope you have a wonderful day! I know you will because you're spending it with me. HA JK:) I LOVE U
Typing "LOL" when your face has less expression than a brick.
Conclusions so far: if you're white and female you get to go on cool thesis trips. Clearly, I lose.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece
Being around for your wife and kids should enough motivation. You can do it bro.
2 quadrillion words in HathTrust, very large files, different from many other modern-day digital libs #c4l12 how to scale?
Overheard at same venue: "I can't wait until my eyebrows grow back."
Accidentally retweeted instead of replied to this, but it's definitely "Beggin'" esp when performed by
Hydrox cookies: Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
It's in the Rome statute--state parties can be prosecuted (and the UNSC can seek prosecution under Ch 7.
Please no journalism... please no journalism... fuck!
Thank you!! XO
I'm feeling all of your tweets right now I'm going threw the same thing and I don't know what to do
Doing international business at 1 AM... can you guess what we're working on?
Happy Friday, #Albuquerque New Mexico! What are your plans for the weekend?
In the future for events we will definitely call PartyZone Rentals and recommend them to anyone planning a fun event!
His love knows no end...
you're crying because for the first tine in your life you have adult issues. no one is holding your hand any more, but you asked for it.
do you have a plan to finish that song?
Andrew Bynum gets triple-double...10 pts, 13 boards, and new franchise record 10 BLOCKS for
Excited For New Jonas Album 22
Are some of my poems being published? Yes :) I'll tell you more about it when it comes out :D
: I looked at the pictures taken at USC screening. Mark, you are so handsome!!!
You guys know the Bremen House was on an episode of Hoarders a few years ago, yeah?
Who knows what's in store for next year! How'd your launch end up going?
Whoever has pics from yesterday, PLEASE email them to Mar - .
Horace Williams: 87 students graduated two nights ago with an associates degree. Boosted attendance to 97% Need to win community.
They put Lily on a leash--ha ha!
I just finished a 3.27 mi run with a time of 29:45 with Nike+ GPS.
Spotify has a track limit of just under 10,000 songs on playlists. Okay, I can't like anymore music ever again.
clearly. But I'm a crazy person. Late June btw.
MIlwaukee NNS celebrating its first anniversary
6 more weeks of school. Hell yea!
The bitch is back!
the technical term is Ugly Fascia
The original investor discussion was - be biggest pet vertical, or.. be about helping people have fun? Guess which they chose?
agree. Pre-postseason, was a bit wishy-washy on NJD. Right now tho, they're playing best hockey of anyone alive
nun much..wyd
Starting next week will kick my ass if I don't do what I'm suppose to be doing. For my own good and my golf game.
Hey Dolls having an amazing weekend. Hope you are too. Be Greater!!
lol! Well you have explained that good enough ha
What a day it will be ;) giggle giggle
#BlackMamaQuotes stop all that crying before I give you something to cry about!
gaffield here not just as an individual but as a member of a community
whoa. RT : Junior Seau dead. Reportedly committed suicide, GS wound. #RIP #shockingnews wow
"The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate."
Holy cow! Just ordered a glass of wine at the hotel lobby bar and it was $21! Yikes!
What to do on this gloomy day? Answer: Condo shop downtown for the 2011 Spring Condo Tour! Lake Bluff, RiverCrest, The Point, & Watermark
lol um yes
Just transferred everything from an old black wallet into a new green wallet. Last time I did this was 2001.
THIS SATURDAY - THE ENDERS with TREMOR CHRIST - 9:30pm - The Lew Wallace Inn, 309 W. Pike St. Crawfordsville, IN - WELCOME BACK the ROCK!
Things are going well! But hard, as expected. How are you doing in SD? Congrats on getting the Noon anchor job!
When Mets lose, Yankees fans don't mock them. When Yankees lose, Mets fans rejoice. umadbro. Pathetic
cat left a present on the couch. awesome, cat. yes, okay, i will clean your litter box today.
Just make sure doesn't show up. Lol ;^) ": I want to go to the movies with Sheldon!!!!!!!!! #NerdCrush"
i hate when i mean to text someone and i send it to twitter.
Do you have to be an ugly hillbilly to be on Jerry Springer?
i only like eminem. actually i love him. but thats about it haha
I knew you would low this band.
Haha. If that's true Dom and I would get along great!
I WANT MY MONEY BACK!
back at ya Big Joe !! rt
she was beautiful .
Last one standing as usual. My roommates all went to sleep and I'm left up to ponder my thoughts. Haha ok!
Oh shucks. So we can ask to remix you? ;)
yeah! i wish i could've gone over to talk to you!
Sen. Whitehouse mentioned one of your stories in Senate Intel hearing yesterday, FYI
Grizzlies with the TRAVEL.. but of course, Blake gets called for the foul. smh
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
enjoy yourself dancing! Hope you like my new art!
What do ppl think i am an atm or bank of america... how many times do i have 2 tell ppl i do not have a job so y am i still paying 4 stuff
Good morning! How are you doing?
Taft-Hartley Act of 1947 robbed #union s of their right to call general strikes - reclaim you rights with us on
Cars used in Wrap Cup Masters are *not* those that were towed for being illegally parked at the Convention Center.
you had to be so perfect?
This was a Canadian study. & are the messenger.
My dog. Puked. All over. My shorts. WTF
If a picture wasn't going very well, I'd put a puppy in it.
The receptionist at my allergist's office is so rude! I guess not everyone is as lovely at a doctor's office as my mom is.
We hereby deduct 4,500 turds from Ernest Dronenburg's tally. We think we were too harsh-- endorsement prerogative.
ur such a loser!!! xP jkjk
That's a different vacation. This is a trip to visit home and to go to a health journalism conference.
New spots popping up everywhere! Stay tuned!
Saw the #Avengers last night! It was awesome! Great story, great action!
The rooms are going fast at Ocean House but there is still some suites lef at the low rates..................hurry!
Cooking channel : wonderful events for quick and easy meals. alton brown
gud job keepin her in bed wif you. Dem peeplez need to learn how to relax. Up to uz to teach
Another long day at work I need to start playing poker but so tired again.
classroom makeup: No windows, urine color walls, challboard, One brick wall. "brick by brick"
When different situations in our lives knocks us back many times, show life there are several reasons we must continue to move forward.
Hello sir! When are you next in the city and we can get that arak? cc
you are the most important person in my life...
We're all finally happy and stress free in this house. Even the dog realizes we're happy and is prancing around like Little Lord Fauntleroy.
you too yukiko-San :)
Glad we could help fuel your creative juices. Happy Holidays!
Saturday night, hello ;D
aw I bet he looks so cute
I don't care for that one on you.
Thanks! I think... I'm no cannibal! LOL
Heading to Westend Bistro...how I love thee, Restaurant Week!
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Movie Lover? Then don't miss this exciting chance to attend the Seattle True Independent Film Festival. For more info checkout...
I always get the weird or good girls just once let me get a bad one
Dumb driver alert! The streets of Columbus are never safe when it rains
Whats your favorite song and why??
I can't wait for tomorrow! :D <3
Lets go to Bamako
My daughter's current favorite is
Beautiful photo of our sister railroad - White Pass and Yukon Rail
Hello. how do you do?
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers (I do love saying that every year). I wish mine were still here - best mother and best friend.
love this
I hardly tweet any more . . .
naw I'm on your side on this one cuz I want u guys back together & u try to talk to Mireya for me cuz u guys close friends.
10 more tweets away from my 100Th tweet YAY !! Im catching up ^.*
when i hear claire sinclair likes dislikes and so fourth it sound like a lot like me she is describing and taking about. that's very wired.
This past week has been extremely busy and extremely rewarding! I am proud to say I was accepted into McNair.
"Living in the moment" is my good news!
- awesome collaboration adam and tony. Great coaching!
hobo best friends ! #teamhobo ! Ride or die!
Serious Party Animals! : I think should get an award for most social butterflies in one room for dinner.
I would beats you in the next day
its depressing to watch this game knowing the Nuggets were one win away from bein in this game
'bout time had a taste of what it's like to be someone's little sister ;)
Seriously why are the ICONicBoyz gonna delete !?!??!?????????!??
in partnership w/ #USC & brings you: Endangered Opus: Benefit Concert for #Egypt!
“: excellent fb status! RT!”>>>Thanks Matt :)
It is "Official" my song submission(s) is now entered into the 2011 International Songwriting Competition (ISC)
lmao ok ku your goin to the final game ! wow WHHY IN THE HELL ARE YOU STILL MENTIONING MIZZOU ! LMAO THOUGHT YAL DIDNT CARE ABOUT US ? RIGHT
Ryan Murphy, always finding new ways to prove to the world he truly is the Antichrist
I've just started my new novel. It will be out next year.
Uh stale bread and mead?
That's great that you went! given his recent comments, I want to hear what you thought tomorrow.
ready to rock and roll social media!
I-94 east bound work down to two lanes from 84th to 27th. Just can't imagine commuting to work.
Facebook iPhone app. Or as I like to call, "MySpace with dial up"
Thank you, , for the best Christmas card ever.
We are NOT what we own... we are NOT where we work... we are NOT who we use to be... we are NOT what we went through... Continued next tweet
Problem for the #STLBlues? They have tons of depth on defense, but only 2 real top-4 blueliners. Big issue against skilled team like LA
Creating A Bridge Mentoring - My joy comes in empowering others to take control of their lives and live out their destiny by using...
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
Only two Paths which will you choose?
It takes courage to realize that you can control your moods and thoughts. ~Stephen Covey
honk the horn, lmaoo
Make-up call for the bullcrap on the other end.
Thank you to all new followers! New to Twitter; thank u to & for all the support! U guys are awesome!!
Or...when you're in the bathroom and a server comes in, doutes his business then leaves without washing his hands...
“: #Aquarius: sign most likely to be on a hallucinogenic.”
Brains: the Other White Meat
oh..*calls back* ill be there in a minute..
I hate how your a backstabbing bitch. You know i fucking like him. Stupid dumbass skank.
Just missed it.
Thank you for coming to in the last nyt! We raised $53,000 w more coming in!
Yep Just had project to fix a dept's processes that were way out of whack 2 years after L&D handed over
There are days that all I feel like I'm doing is creating low-hanging social media data for someone else's research.
Things are working out nicely :)
just cutting out high fructose corn syrup and eating more whole grain and fiber I dropped 8 lbs in one week. For real.
u so have 2 dm me some
Saw a van w/ painted ads all over it. "Handy work. Any job. Even Mechical." It took 3 tries before auto-correct let me share that with you.
He should probably go home and not come back.
Our 50th season begins with REHEARSAL 9/12 at 730PM at Fairfax Pres. Church. Call the office if you want to AUDITION. It's goin' to b great!
I know I wasen't the ONLY one thinking it.
glad the tip was of some use and you got to see him. I heard the line went quick and he gave out coins
thanks for having us!! maybe next time it'll be all 11 of us...
I think that's it! Sorry for spamming everyone. =/
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain? - Buddha
I like that song... How about house of pain?
I need to start tanning again. I miss it.
great photo!
If the Beavs don't tackle LaMike by the legs instead of trying to strip the ball, he's going to go over 200.
tell em to hit me up on facebook or reverbnation...www.reverbnation.com/seaux deargent
what u been up to??
what's your drawing?
she sings my lipgloss is cool my lipgloss is poppin
If nobody goes to school 2maro then it technically be another day of spring break for everyone
Yes but it's unlikely
Thank you!
Yes I will, thanks for the heads up. I'll hit the redditors up now
lol right. Cause that's the O-N-L-Y game they gone luck up on this year!!! Lol
Thanks - let me know if you need more
9/11 was an inside job. 20 questions with the president... www.infowars.com
We are looking for nurse paralegals for a terrific boutique client! Send resumes to me if interested!
[+] P.S. I know "arg(ument)s" might be a bit generous, but there did seem to be some thought/previous work beneath her one-liners...
Downtown. I'm in the Paralegal Studies program, so I'll be using the law facilities and library - can't wait!
we are gonna be such an adorable couple
I missed the first 20 min of TVD 2day Ugh Know have to wait utill 2morrow to see it from the start LOVE TVD
Why cant I live for my Fairytale Dream??? #Rich #Children #Husband There is another side to this life...
Our moods do not believe in each other. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I Am a #SUbwayFan !
so jealous of anyone that gets to see silversun pickups () around san diego today.
Thanks tummy thanks you. Getting that duck sandwich next time.
There are very few movies I can watch just the last 30 minutes of... Tin Cup is high on that list!
Taking a break from vitamin supplements: multiple, omega-3 and bone complex. Makes me even more conscious of real food, and its value.
My teen is attending #smcash virtual class now. Teens can do social media.
LOL...the #Angels are just awful.
We're posting today's post early becuase it's just that good. Wise words from eighth grader coming soon...
Whoa Columbus.. Are you loving this weather!?
the fans need to be educated on guidelines and while it mighy not "settle" issue it would show transparency of which we ha ...
you look real lovely khloe
lolol it's not that bad. We didn't even get green stuff! Just fruit and like soups
Writing writing writing #making hits
Practitioners should inform FLIS research.
Green lantern followed by xmen while cleaning. Fabulous!
Banner outside Capitol: Assembly Democrats Are Open for Business. Reps from districts 62, 9, 73 & 42 meeting with people outside.
thanks brother! Keep up the good work! And train hard and healthy! God bless!
Love love love your show! So many amazing guests, so I'm just curious- who has been your favorite person to interview so far???
wouldn't this require a number of different logins though?
tht sucks! I've been dealing with depression 2. But remember there's always more to look forward to.
Why is David Stern still talking? There's a game going on.
Do you have a chart showing your progress? :-)
thanks for the mention! pls follow us so we can DM you some updated info.
2 papers, a project, and a test within the next 5 days... Should be fun.
Omg well I was gonna do my homework but is on so now I'm not gonna:p he should definitely check his dms...(,
would you want to collaborate with a classroom in VA? We have laptops for each kid. I supervise teachers, but can find folks.
Too tired to be at work ... Just another day
It's that wonderful time of year where the weather is warm and NYC buildings still have the heat on.
One Direction, Demi Lovato, Cody Simpson, Hot Chelle Rae, Big Time Rush, and Allstar Weekend at the moment :)
Nice way to end day. I apologize to woman for my co.'s bureaucracy, she says: "I work for the State _ I understand bureaucracy."
Can't sleep:(
#SXFkPrivacy booked 25 mins before start of session. #SXSWFail Hoping for larger rooms or reserve system in '13
haha um yes!!! i wonder where the bio dome is located...
I really don't like déjà vu. It scares me more than most things.
#LiesIveToldMyParents that's not my beer.
LMFAO, & i just gonna spell it out cause idk how to pronounce is.. "g o n (pause to breathe), z a l... e z.
Don't rush or force the ending... All you have to know is the next scene, or the next few scenes. - Chuck Palahniuk
"I'm fine" -All pissed off girls
ok then tell me when where and how much you wanna lose by my sisstaa
Happy Birthday! I luv u man. :)
Calling all high school students!! The Cesar Chavez High School Essay Contest is taking submissions thru 3/1/12. Visit:...
i wish i knew how to go to sleep before the AMss
like when lily threw a condom at the camera, loll. C:
Hi brother we miss you
sorry Ellen you just missed it!
Why're you talking about your parents' estate / inheritance? Waiting for them to die?
Finally done w/ Macbeth stuff for now... on to decorating a cake for bio, Japanese & more studying... Late night again? I think yes.... =P
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin wit no other drug #4/20
Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is droll. The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole! Oscar Wilde
does 7 work for both of you?
iowa fan?
"Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on: that's when you're the prettiest." NO Drake NO! What were you thinking?
You *must* come out! We mostly use Cyclops for breakfast...ish... time. Been a while since Mama's, but yummy food for sure.
One Federal and two community foundation grants filed in the last 20 days.
@ Romaine Virgo's CD release party at Crossroads killing some brown stew fish. Lawd ah cyaan tek it!!!!
lol thts right he can't handle our love lol
so true
I'd fuck the shit out
Thunder ain't out yet!
she need to get bopped right in da head for that
Pretty sure it just disconnects the domain. Not searchable, accessible.
Take a photo & video of todays #iphone release event and upload to - earn $17
The first FPP Harlem readers: Pulitzer Prize winner Margo Jefferson, celebrated novelist Sam Lipsyte, groundbreaking artists
Times like these make me really love the family I've built in SF. Love all of you.
Woo hoooo!! We are ready to go tonight!! RT : Touch down sin city !
I swear its more drama on Cedar Point campus than it is in Highschool
Be salt smart. Skip regular and enjoy the reduced sodium soy sauce.
The special burger with beets, pickles, goat cheese & bacon is EXCELLENT. Please keep coming to Chestnut Hill.
Joining on air from 7-10 this eve during our Friend-Raiser Membership drive...thank you goodies avail: CDs, clothing...
A woman's dress usually stays in fashion until the next time she goes shopping - Unknown wise person
The Devil Inside--Thx for saving my Saturday afternoon!
Yo armpits look like theyre slopped with new England clam chowder haha. Thick ass deodorant lookin like coolwhip in your arms
Yes, Deep - it does - always fun to actually see you though... RT : Skype sucks. Was fun talking to though! :D
I will! Thanks man :)
To All #TEDxYouth events around the world - Wishing You and Your Presenters All the Best of Luck from SoFla ! Our event is on Sunday!
Car blew up on the way back. Made it from Panama City to Georgia. Had to van it, then bus it to ATL airport and fly back to Boston
-- Your insecure 'security' just ripped me off for $250.00. Just for updating my info.Your 'spoof' people affirmed defraud. Money??
You wanna know why your dick is so small?? It's because 3/4 of it is shoved into your personality.
Merry Christmas Eve ! <3 So Excited For Tomorrow! #Presents !
I'll sleep when I'm dead but until then I'm GRINDIN <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
hay did u get ur schedule yet ;D
#NP Motley Crue: Same Old Situation. on guitar.
No hitting the Twins just kind of feels mean
It's raining in Miami so comcast is down.
5 and diner....
Mine is at one, but I have to turn in a paper before 9am and another before 5pm.
enjoying my day off, rain and all
I grew today. Its not about what you know, its about what you learn.
Thanks for the shout out!
Today is brew with the brewer! Come on down!
Waiting for your birthday so you can get a million Facebook wall posts.
Sometimes I wake up to wondering where I am! And I was not even wasted or was I? I don't remember but I swear I never seen that guy before
Cant wait for MW3 tomorrow!
Rollerblading has been working out leg & booty muscles I didn't know existed!
Smart Ride is the best public transit app I've found
I'm bored. I'm stuck in a car for 5 more hours. I like Black Sabbath. One of these things is not like the other...
All over that ass ass ass RT: love u more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>”
We're less than 24 hours away from a concert announcement on Channel963! Tomorrow afternoon, 5 pm...be there!
THE INTERNET IS SO FUNNY TONIGHT. EVERYTHING IS LAUGHABLE.
Wow congrats 2 all the Webby winners.. geez I can still remember that 1 tym (yes 1!) in my career when I won one. Amazing feeling no doubt!!
it went well - despite tech glitches, that seem to plague me in talks
Thinking of turning my garage into a gallery space. Cocktails and nibbly things served monthly.
true dat, i mean that is true.
Happy Holidays from Urban Pessimist! We will be coming back SOON.
Nice! I have the grey wolf-warrior (used to be called navajo) and it's gorgeous! The brown bear is my all-time fave though!
dammit we were in a place of Zen!
Heading to Palo Alto tomorrow for some employee training and then coding with Jive Apps developers on Wed.
Great session this week with Jerry Stucker, Tony Adamo, and Tower of Power great Stephen "Doc" Kupka.
#drrapist is consistent above everything else.
squirt is pee??? i never squirted
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America.
yipper dipper u not the only one(:
How many walks in that span though?!?
Ok, if I want to watch soccer, baseball and boxing later, I'm going to have to stop having another
Why are Seattle baristas writing drink orders on sleeves, even if it is an iced bev & there's no line to call down?
ah! so exciting! tell Lux 'happy 8 months birthday' for me! have a great day! Xx
If Newt wants to colonize the moon by 2020, might I suggest he lead the way? I'll even give him a head start.
oops thanks :-)
You got it!
#top chef will b carving ice at 2morrow nite 4 flavor tripping on ice! Get a tble 8558346464
part 6 is up!! go to my favs for my ICONic Boyz Love Story!!!
I need you like a heart needs a beat
Life is a beautiful gift, don't waste it> ENJOY
Telling a girl that shes not pretty doesn't make her pretty it just brings the UGLY out of her!! :(
Happy Birthday JIT! <U+E312><U+E112><U+E310>
Walk to get lunch and the 13 flights of stairs. Simple things work and don't cost monthly.
Ill be back guys im gonna start to pack for the band competition tomorrow-Kelly xoxo
Happy Earth Day !
"Taking a new step, uttering a new word is what people fear most."
or you could send me a check. either way.
Don't let anyone tell you you are not fabulous. You are! Even if you haven't figured it out yet.
With a PER of 30.74, LeBron James ends the 11-12 season with the 10th highest rating in NBA history.
will you ever notice me ? Sincerely, a devoted french fan <3
I was reading about your Blur Hadoop-based architecture. It looks pretty interesting!
how can I win one? I have no money and have a MAJoR use for this.
No American child should be left behind in a school that is part-time, part-day, part-year. Luis Ubinas, #timetosucceed campaign.
Me three!
Seriously getting yelled at because I'm doing my homework!? How does that work?
Thanks for the shout-out, Marcus!
hard to be done but congrats man. Whens the graduation date?
Just enjoyed coffee & #sportsbiz chat w/ IMG Consulting/Olympics guru & #NSMN Board Member Mike Murrey.
Stay away. Unreliable service. Cancelled visit 1 hour prior even after I reconfirmed. Very poor and unprofessional.
shot me out of the sky your my kryptonite you keep making me weak frozen and can't breath<3
taking shots at everybody. the king is back.
UMC press conference..10 patients received there. Five in critical condition. 5 still in surgery. Giffords out of surgery, under anasthesia.
This year we broke even on snow. I'm so grateful for that. Did I pray & pray. We can't have any more snow because we've no more funds [1944]
In his defense, he was in P.B. Seems like just another Thursday night
Killing charisma make these cupcakes remember
Associations and folksonomies are underutilized and powerful (ex: Amazon's people who bought this also looked at...)
Basketball 101: If a team doesnt get any offense early in the shot clock it gets difficult to score consistently.
If Peyton comes to Denver he could hang out with his ol' college buddy Todd Helton
ha. Safer choice my friend.
#JoshRipley sounds like an awesome guy, and an admirable athlete. "Runner carries injured rival 1/2 mi to aid..." bit.ly/qSFIgl
I guess it's not your day
how the hell can't my roommate hear his alarm clock going off for two hours straight.
Curtis Lowe By Skynyrd
I knew it. Jessica Simpson ate her face off during her pregnancy cuz she had a weight watchers contract waiting on the other side.
good luck! hope you achieve your goal and look hawt for summa ;)
I've had the coolest RA ever this year!
SirDumpinstein ill be on that #maxpayne3 all week though
Mr. Krabs: "Spongebob, that hat makes you look like a girl." Spongebob: *blushing* "Am I a pretty girl?"
how was the show?? wish i could've gone! its been years since i was in socal
#Seattle is so gorgeous today - I hope it remains so for my time lapse shoots next week!!
Tom Brady > Your Guy
Occasionally, yes. The experience wasn't nearly as fun as one would think.
love Grape. You there for biz or picking up some good wine?
At the Grammys pre party L.A
I'm soo tired... Even tho I've apparently ive been in a coma for the past day...
I Hate When Ppl Ask Me Dumb Questions!!!
LA Actors who want to work with hip how hang productions send head shot and resume to hiphowhang
Responded to FIRE @ 1575 Odell Street, Bronx, NY 10462. Red Cross auto update.
Bang bang bang bang
of course when you mess with someone theeir gonna take it too heart.
oh...2-4 inches of rain - is that all?? Yeah...the annual CHS baseball alumni golf outing MIGHT be in jeopardy.
Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!
Heck out carts new book thank you economy
Ugg um sick today
Why do the good die young?
cody simpson the only thing i want is for you to follow me please so i hope you see this if you do please follow me and tweet.
you can't make chicken soup out of chicken poop
My coworker Megan. Say hi!
+2 Thanks so much for all your support and help in spreading the word!
a but you're fine xD I understand #DamnAutoCorrect lol
I've been let down by the people that I love, but I won't let down the people that love me.
This is getting played out... I'm ready to quit!!!
Stop lookin in the mirror RT : why in the hell is my freaking eyes on freaking fire?
Hello world! I'm on screen!
"I mostly make poems out of matter and energy." - Shawn Brixey ('85 sculpture)
When is super big I will be able to say I've been here since before 1000. Shoot even before like 300.
Stop worshiping your political false god's.
We are leaving more than footprints in the sand. +> Those go away, your digital data will not.
u do to me
tight t-shirts is best
Congrats to on acceptance of her abstract for Gov Info Quarterly's special issue on Open/Transparent Gov in 2010. Great work!
You dont have to know everything. You know the One who does know and He will tell you when He wants you to know.
Cause I may be #bad , but I'm perfectly good at it! ;) <3 #S&M
Hey everyone! Make sure you get a chance today to celebrate National Cream-filled Donut Day!
I finally got a phone n shit lol
I've been using #csa12 but I've seen other variations
I was good at math before they decided to mix the alphabet in it
If you can dream it, you can do it. Unless you dream that you can't do it? Hmm. :)
Bout to step out with my lil homie
This is such a close game x) I love it !
saul good man
WTF is #Chicago thinking??? great idea not so good execution
The best way to opt your child out of standardized testing is home schooling. Works for some.
cool! where are some of your favorite places that you've couch surfed?
Oh... Not a term of endearment! Lol
how did he get that name?
Phillip Kirschen-Clark, Executive Chef is on twitter! Follow
I was the girl you loved to Miss. You were the boy who surrendered so gracefully. We were the Us that never came into being.
The Guto isn't ready for Bowflex, so please stop asking.
Amazing year end. Closing deals. Great way to end the year.
sent! I'm spending the evening with my daughter tonight, but hope you get to meet the Ulloas!
Having to talk too :D
thanks you too!
...sorry, meant employers. ;)
I wish I could get you to inflate my batting scores by 38 runs when you recount them...
Home alone tonite. Thinking its a drink wine alone in the dark kind of night!
How is it that the women on Bridezillas can find someone to marry them while some of us can’t even get a date?
Yea It does most people so it's all good! haha
It's been a month already? Wow!
thanks for the
isnt he married
My level of immaturity changes depending on who I'm with ;)
Joveralls degrees outside and I put on SPF 50 just for the walk to EJ's house. Dreading summer
quit texting pussy all the time. lol
Well deserved, congrats! RT STIR is Graphis PLATINUM WINNER - Top 7 Ads In U.S. in 2011. Proud of my creative team!
Aaron Drenberg is kicking off a startup roundtable and explaining the state of healthcare startups in FL
For once, everything Is going right. I hope that goes for everyone (:
Contemplate "what if"
I am not immortal, but I am at lupo my nupo with
For any writer frustrated by those close to them too lazy to read their book (you know you have them): even Proust soured over that issue.
u tryna hold answers for ransom now..lol
Definitely! When will you be in town?
Start next week. Kind of like my dieting.
So love that you are here and loving on Portland this weekend!!!
I actually thought about it for a minute. I was like, "Is that as inappropriate as I *think* it is? Yes. Yes it is."
It's time to drop all habits, beliefs and connections that no longer serve you. Only then can you create new possibilities for the new year.
Actually he has a local-ish connection: he had to come to terms with Tom Wahl's in order to brand his own Wahlburger.
haha thanks I gotta tweet it again
Seeing some worried tweets, FYI RT During Fleet Week (5/24-6/01) expect low flying military aircraft, gun salutes...in NY Harbor
I could've been listening to music right now, but I forgot my earphones. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Kinda the same here, though we had trouble hearing him. What would be a better use of the banquet?
Big News: A registration to Museums and the Web 2013 was just donated to the silent auction at the Museum-Ed party on May 1! Thanks MW!
Is this your homework, Larry?
RT : “Sometimes life gives us lessons sent in ridiculous packaging.”-Dar Williams
You are killing me!!! I'm on the west coast dammit...your tweets are cracking me up....I can't wait to watch tonight...
TEASER! X Launches The Cameron Golf Shirt. Looks dope. Exclusive 25% off code coming soon on Delofted only!
Come on, Lakers, you can do it.
i don't do birds, wow they had it out with you guys, what did you do <3
I work there!
Fun finder is a great app for teachers, students & parents! Easy searches for hands on activities.
Hello Welcome, we are new to Twitter. But so very excited about sharing our world of printing with you all!
"I'm running the world" lol
I need a massage :/
what I miss?
If I had but one backcopy of YourSinclair, I would quote you four awkward Dominic Diamond jokes about disabilities.
or maybe it just hates me now that its down again
no, twitter is verified on Wharton
Good points. So, you would say ability is malleable, correct?
I want to follow me LOL(:
Drift State all-night sleep concert tonight at the SoftHouse. Playing at midnight. Laser lights, video projections and Patchouli galore.
the on lake st.....belgium fries and what ever that goodness is that they give you to dip them in!
first day of my weekend!
I can see myself playing skullgirls fulltime. :) Fun!
I started learning Mandarin Chinese with my son. Soon we will be making our own #KungFu movies.
word to the wise (and you): don't chum up today, I won't have it
I agree!!
No no, I know more of the story than you think. Also, mate, stop assuming it was his doing.
We'd love for you to follow too. We focus on youth & transition. Mentoring is a part of success esp 4 youth w disabilities.
RT : Jakob Dylan brought along friends Nekko Case & Kelly Hogan to play. They were (the only word applicable) AWESOME
2ma is going to b a great day!
absolutely nothing
Folks say "But at least you know where the bodies are buried!" Like that's a good thing. Like it's not the karmic quivalent of toxic waste.
Thanks for the #FF and the wonderful company you put me in.
:it was when i went to kates haha and her son was there..
Ops Gina I deleted your post sorry post again please
Several people stopped me today and said that they gave up on Facebook as a business too? WDYthink?
My Top Ten « The Denver, Durango &amp; Silverton Railroad
Is there one root cause 4 why we haven't solved global poverty, famine, education, sustainable energy or cured major diseases?
Picked courses for my first semester of college... Woah I'm so old.
Sounds good. Let me know when you would like to chat.
i missed philippines i wish i could go back there right now..malungkot d2 sa america:(
I'm all sad cause my mom rearranged all my band tshirts, and now I am sure a lot of them are gone.
Silly girls, I don't like that gaping wet hole between ur legs or the 10 pounds of fatty tumor hanging from ur chestSo stop flirting with me
Niece read pages on teeth, taste buds, & food-to-poop from Human Body book - with lots of enthusiasm - for bedtime.
Make each day better than the last. Stay inspired!
do you know if you, bianca, and vincent will ever make your way to the midwest? if you don't i'll never get to meet you :(
haHA indeed it was my good old boy O__•
Listening to country makes me wanna drink beer and smoke a cig
If Ron Artest was a wrestler would that move have been called the elbow of peace?
Greyhound racing with the team from !
Now ill dm justin but only once a week cuz i dont wanna be excessive
Hello love! :)
Love being in my zone....
send me that paisa quince pic of us lol
Welcome new followers So glad to have you on board!
Where the hell is your customer service phone number? This loop you put people through is insane!
What's with me and sleeping ugh i'm so lazy
EU opens to first citizens&#39; initatives amid criticism (News)
Pickup Line: I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I bet I can make your bed rock.
your an amazing inspiration to all women and business.. Thank you
Major knit problem. Encouragement from hus. "I've got 99 problems but a stitch isn't one"
I'm totally going to see Spidey Reloaded. Just not dying to see it.
Ryan Perrizo says local theaters are viable options for programming events.
Trying to find a few new healthy recipes to make but I keep running into amazing looking desserts.
On the news tonight, when they said Thomas Kinkade was the most prolific painter in the world, I died a little inside.
um I'm late and slow.....where you going?
she do read my tweets yay . (:
Now the stories played out like,this just like A paper back novel <3 ,let's me write an ending that fits instead of a Hollywood horror. <3
fooouuur day weekend :-)
no your the best!!
So for 4/20... What are you going to do?
lol you gone make me crazy if I help you
Bracket Busta!!! #Norfolk St
Probably not til July. :-/
Sugar Free Mango!!
Thanks for the #ff, Marc! Right back at you.
Another great day in the studio with the super talented, awesome Mr. !
It's beautiful in Vancouver but only here for a few more hours alas!
I think i saw chris. Which is awkward because ive never met him in real life
Please "like" us on facebook and help spread the word about the classic commentary on the words of our Savior.
Waiting to see my friend and her daughter perform in a community theater production of The Sound of Music.
just heard about the pro skater 3 dlc. Happy guy.
OMG congratulations :'D
season 6! I just watched that episode to! :-)
Hey thanks, DETROPIA appreciates it! Come out and see it, Canada!
what star on the flag does new york represent?
You are assuming they'll be playing Michigan in the final game still.
you look soo pretty <3... and i have been trying to ask tyler what his fav adele song is but he wont answer :(
cool! I wasn't aware there was an issue queue for this. will do :)
antanarivo: capital de madagascar
RT Dar! Forgot my pedometer. Going back to get it now.
haven't used it, looks very similar to heroku ("platforms as a service") targeting PHP. You building something on it?
Being in HR must kind of be like being a spy. They're all so secretive; closing doors, whispering on the phone, sneaking out without telling
im on the outside but im not looking in
Thanks for the FF!!
boy go to bed lol
Oh he's getting a migraine today!!! Thank you mama, amf love you much!! :-)
loud blunts b4 court
tv in the hotel room update: newsstory about the ravages of bath salts? when ingested, they're highly addictive. the things you learn!
RT : Everyone here dropped everything and spent fifteen minutes taking quizzes on your site. We love it!
Thanks!! RT : #FF knows her stuff!
“There are all kinds of ways for a relationship to be tested, even broken, some, irrevocably; it’s the endings we’re unprepared for.”
#np My Everything - Mary J. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Great minds , great minds!
followed :-) have a great day!
Hahaha Jinx and the neighbor kitteh are fighting...through the window. Hissing and slashing paws at the glass. Pretty hilarious.
Photosbfrom the film shoot are terrific. Will put some up on our Facebook page this week.
Storming really bad.
?QOTD - What strength do you have that is becoming your weakness as well?
I can't handle much more.
Am I pathetic that I got teary-eyed watching the new Winnie the Pooh trailer?
nobody informed the local alumni association.
Congratulations Pippa and Robert!! :)
so only sundays are your silverstein days? cos i find myself listening to every day that ends in 'y'!
We had over 5 adoptions this weekend! AMAZING NEWS! But we can still do more to help the cats and dogs that still need homes!
Ha ;) Glad you tuned in. It's all for the kids....all for the kids (and parents of course).
#ThatAwkardMomentWhen your the oldest one in you class, but your also te shortest..:/ #MyLifeSucks!
showed on 2.0 that a battle rapper can make an album
ugh...... I can't handle it anymore. Do people actually enjoy this?
Hey craft beer fans, on August 27 BeerCon is invading San Diego. Stay tuned for details.
Mole, rice and beans for dinner... Yummy <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
I'm a struggler, striver, real provider, can make it happen like macgyver...-kray jackson
Goodmorn back at it again
Great panel. Nice to hear from you all and keep making cause-driven film!
tickets to see the Maine with my bestfriend. so excited (:
The argument isn't about democratization of content, it's about photo ethics and the inherent problem of doctored photos
Call after call, email after email, connection after connection, move after move. This is #networking no sleep for the motivated.
I miss talkin 2u on da house phone all day and night missin hme sweet home
can't wait to hear this week's message!
Thanks - this is going to be stuck in my head all day
When I don't know what to listen to, I often default to Cake. Never really fails.
1978: Yankees erased a 14 game deficit to catch the division leading Red Sox and defeated them in a one game playoff.
RT : Santa came early! We got 10 (11" & 13") Maxed Out Apple Macbook Air laptops to give away! Follow us & RT to win!
u have the bieber fever right ??!!:)
Diego Rivera and frida kahlo house is a must see
hah! it was like that when I worked there 10 yrs ago. sorry it hasn't seemed to change :-(
It's been such a grueling weekend with officer shooting and SEAL incident. Nice to relax with some wine and chocolate chip cookies.
I need help smh
soon I hope !!
Thank you! How's the little one? How old is she now?
I gotta make it to 200 at least
Shout out to Joey HIll of the Navy!! Thank You for everything!!
Is back from Seattle. Co-chillin in beauty-filled San Diego. Er, at my desk at work.
Let me guess, is that Central Market?!
I'M SO OVER YOU NOW.
Who the guy in the limo
Agreed - it's interesting to see how they diverge and overlap - good lesson for relevance of a back channel I think
A mix eh? Hmm, you'll have to wine me and dine me before we're on mix tape status.
Thanks for liking it & RT!! Happy now
its ok. Am proud of being raised in two countries. UGANDA and SWEDEN. :-)
Semi-Finalist, Josh Niznik, a sophomore from University of Pittsburgh, can also play the viola and alto sax!
Wishing I had someone to run to Starbucks while I wait in line...
As I think of all the people I have loved and lost it saddens me but when I feel the wind blow across my face I know they are with me.
I want to spend my whole life with you &hearts;
would you advise against spending the extra $300 for an ipad 2 instead?
New store up now www.skellawear.com
Tricky Dick is on fox 8. I love them!!!
Game DRM: Punishing paying customers with lag and backdoor access for viruses.
Has a head cold--- this stinks!!!!!! Quiet house and I am too sick to enjoy it.
- I won't be in the ranch, but if you took the light rail up i could bring you home.
Did you update your lighting? Loving the new shots x
HEY SEXY IF I CAN CALL U DAT / HEY WHATS YOURTUBE CH
Just wanna say I love you babe <3 This weekend is going to be deadly! Btw, he plumbs for fun ;) luh you
You are an instagram whore, and I love it.
Agree. RT : Didnt say Chrysler/Clint Eastwood ad was bad, folks. Just thought it rehashed too much of last year's ad
still impossible, and Notes still teases that said private API has always been there. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
hahahahhaa So funny! I'm a homewrecker! Worst backslider ever.
one thing i hate is mfers talking bout the shit they wanna accomplish.... shit if you want it bad enough go get it
All hail Wastebasket Cat.
lol... I tried.. let me stop playing, for MVP..
Your sunday lunch sounds wonderful.
that is a very good list. I would mos def concur!
when are you guys going to support android?
Headed to the aviary.
Important reminder: Collaboration is not a goal, it is a means to an end.
Great to have Open Water World Champion and Australian Hall of Famer, Brendan Capell, at the 11:30 Pali workout today
That was every Jason Grilli inning ever
what a cool Uncle! Good on him. Please tell him I said so.
Can't sleep and I got work in the a.m :(
R u and Anna still on vacation this week? Woke up late and missed show today.
We're stoked you found us! Thanks so much for the shout out. Wishing you safe travels & hope to see you again soon.
Happy Independence Day!
If there were no fed law agaisnt...would Romney's practice polygamy as his grandparents did?
no no no. lol
heck yes!
Well, there are always laboratory schools. Nowhere is perfect but they have more of an eye towards progressive curriculum.
Good morning
Thanks for watching!!! Next up check The Frankenstein Syndrome!
A CAT has an IQ of 10. A LIBERAL has 11. Just so he wouldn't need a LITTER BOX.
If I offend you, sit the fuck down. No one cares. This is Twitter, when was the last time you looked at your timeline anyway?
Ur so busy we barely talk, but when you text me,its the most perfect timing ever.
28 mile bike ride Melissa and I did along the American River Trail yesterday kicked our asses...but in a "it feels so good" sorta way.
My sister is always stating that I need to loose weight. But, I'm smaller than her? Like, so now I'ma diet. -_-
Love You Too! :)
Dear , my phone has shown 4G service all day and yet has not gone 90 seconds without dropping data and disconnecting. 1/2
What some local book clubs are reading: Language of Flowers, Hare with Amber Eyes, Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb, 50 Shades of Grey...
#oursong RT “: You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. -Sugarland”
So. Sleepy. In. Need. Of. Sunshine.
It was an honor to work with you this week at ! You were a huge hit at #theweddingparty for
You're sweet, thank you! How is your little guy?
Since I shaved off all but the #stache 2 days ago the are 2-0. Admittedly not a popular style for a 32 y/o.
We are at Morehouse today. Sneakers..clothes..& music. Event is in the gym.
Hit my Chicago faves and found a new one in The Gage. #twinanchors #millers #billygoat #harrycarays. Next time
Great fairs this w/e! Start uptown w/ Crafts on Columbus (Columbus Ave btw 77th & 81st) then Upper Broadway Festival (Bway btw 60th & 65th)
RT if your awake
HELL YA getting dominos pizza with nomnomnom
just gave them 10 unanswered to tie it back up
Yes. And I can't believe I forgot Loch David Crane! #foretc, too, right?
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! Make it a Grand Marnier margarita tonight!!!
Is anyone going to be #BastilleDays? Tweet us. We'll be there supporting our friends and neighbors.
Keep up the intensity, Brew Crew! Shop's open from Noon - 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door.
I really like neuro and head/neck cancer.
That's some good imagination dude
nah... i'm kind of a big deal around here :)
Gonna see if I can get Millie the Pig in a pair of pink cowboy boots for our commercial shoot today. Happy Friday, all!
Good Morning Twitter.(:
The cast and creative team wish NFL Films head and Lombardi supporter Steve Sabol a speedy recovery from his recent seizure....
Waited on chris malonie of law & order AND some guy from the giants, stefrahan or somethin? Didnt know either of them. Feel like a square.
How hard is it to understand: I forgot my glasses and the bear was down low. Duh.
ditto. And then I get a speech about not being a "team player."
next food network star with
thanks, Susan! How are you doing?
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Raiders #Seahawks)
Morning. Looking forward to meeting with my editors throughout the day on matters of journalism and other publications. Enjoy the day all.
Who the hell is Bon Iver ?
Really need some motivation to start this paper
Outer Banks of NC. A small piece of Heaven. Headed there for a long weekend. Hope everyone has a good Columbus Day. Take some time off!
It's not even that. I'm not that high maintenance kind of guy.. I just happen to have lots of stuffs from simply just living in NY
Yes! That was correct. Hope you all had a great day!
Justin Bieber is MAYWEATHERs BITCH
Love your show!! Who do you like in the Ky Derby this year?
Hey , I'm finally catching my first episode of -- I see why you thought I'd like it!
RT Sex is the best exercise.
I want a relationship like the movies. #dodreamscometrue?
no problem man I hope it works out.
SM Entertainment probably thinks "What's in Texas?"
I'm sharing another past favorite movie with Dylan; tonight we are watching Red Dawn.
NFL draft later.
One of my favorites!!I can´t watch but,enjoy it!!
"Whiskey Into Tears" is actually about giving up drinking...
So went zip lining in Vegas??? Haha that's so cool! I was right under the zip line months before he came. lol
I HATE THE CASL SO MUCH RIGHT NOW!! I'm on that Lelia steez
Felt relieved that all those political ads were OVER, then heard campaign for Mayor Hickenlooper's replacement will start soon... Groan...
Nicely done ! See ya next season, Canucks!
Because I sent in my 1st gen for a replacement.
Getting home from work to find little alex here :)
I did..lol. Why is Izzy on there? Did I miss something???! lol
Some people just don't get it
Playing football in the parking lot after school with & >>>
If it were 1986 I would be eating this up.
My fav rendition of Shackles is comedian Chonda Pierce singing it on her dvd staying alive. Loved it!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Morning Twitter family...Enjoy your day!
Google/Oracle verdict comes back and is rather ambiguous. Who would have thought that was going to happen?
We love you here at TREJOsi! You are beautiful!
I need or to tell my little indian happy mothers day
RT : "how many more games do you think we will win before were horrible again" I bet Audrey is looking for a new job tomorrow
I think that means they can buy more ads and bill you more
Are you mowing the lawn while the house is on fire?
go green!
My pleasure :)
The Act/Arcs page was down temporarily today - check back soon! The presentation tonight was v. insightful!
anything for you.:)
Tonight $2 drinks!!!! And no cover!!! And $125 any bottle bottle service!!! And Dj Ajax! And great bartenders!!!!!!
I dont get how you could have the nerve to do something like that
Eating a late breakfast with a bird and a cat.. I wish I could get a picture of this!!
Jim, I'm lucky you see me. I see you, too.
Do you agree or disagree? RT : 81% of a company's market value constitutes intangible assets
"There are too many fatasses out there" - #Chuck (My inspiration for starting Weight Watchers & )
Happy holidays everyone
"I hate kissin"
Today is looking like an Avett Brothers kind of day
#FF Thanks for following
Yeah, we're gonna go to the movies in a bit :)
my gosh. you and your gifs.
All moved in, still have minimal unpacking to do. First night in the new house we are going to sleep like babies
. under the direction of has been named Best HBCU Fine Arts Program by the 2012 HBCU Center for Media Advocacy!
what to have for dinner...?
How's the afternoon going? I'm a total dope and forgot about trivia today so we're going to have trivia tomorrow. Sorry everyone!
Last Friday of 2011 D:
-Hi Doll! Texted you, hope you got! Maybe tea tomorrow? Let me know! xox
Wish the #Nats were in town today! Perfect day for a #baseball game!
More important to mankind: Beer or Coffee?
RT : "Cut the clutter" #prsms (Media Panel)
he asked me to dance with him :))
Have you been training Bjj with Relson lately? Thinking about competing in the future?
Have a great show at VLV! Here's to brisk sales!!
<33333333 she seriously is
I like jb song's : first dance , overboard , pray , bigger , down to earth ext ..
did you guys end up getting press credentials for c2e2?
I want holtby to play amazing but the caps to lose
Order from #CDW w/ 1-2 day ship time, get email its back ordered until May1, May1 get a email ship date TBD Wasted 2 weeks waiting
My hair color is crazy, its beautiful
Quiet children are good for the environment.
Because of snow conditions throughout the region, EKU offices and Model Lab are operating on a 2-hour delay for Tuesday, Jan. 3.
good playing with ya bro. See u in San Diego.
We're stoked too!
I just did xD your acting different now that your obsessed with druggy xD
Also, I might sit here and wonder about the ending, but I kind of don't care because I didn't care about Leo's character.
What's interesting is it had lots of digital patents decades ago, just never did anything w/them. (My FIL worked there 37yrs)
thanks for listening today!
then who will lead the followers of the p0o?!
We're working on new #deals. What's the next trip you are going to take? Fav vacation spot? We're hearing alot of Vegas!
Someone do this! “: does anyone feel like eating a Italian Steak Sandwich in a hot, playful manner?”
Kg just killed half my ice cream -______-
follow my friend --> they follow everyone back!!! please 5 more follow!!
At her 3/22 visit urged students to take their studies seriously. We wish you exceeding success during your finals exams.
Ah shucks, thanks David. At the end of the day we hope people use the tool that works best for them.
Parents - Encourage your young athlete. Never criticize from the stands.
Peyton to Denver, smart man winnable division and weaker conf. Sorry Nashville.
Heat? Real teams something something Big Ten.
Mexico? The next season What!!
If you could make one wish for mother's worldwide, what is it? Send us your answers via videos, photos, comments using
Can it be Friday please?
Im so bored right now :(
But I get bored with it quickly unless I am hanging out using it as vehicle for #socializing with far away friends.
I just heard FYC on my lunch break like half an hour ago. Is there some FYC retronania I didnt know about?
don't like my chicks single . i like my chicks in twos ;) .
Gloria: "Don't worry so much about where to start, just do something."
You sexy and you know it!!!
love what does RUH stand for?
See? It really DOES work for audiences too! :-)
#Advocacy20 session at #COFLA is using roleplaying to model effective mtgs w policymakers. Great idea!
Come on Lake Show. We don't want to go back home, we want to go to OKC.
The Kings Of Leon's 'Talihina' Trailer Has Us Thinking ...
take em to the big house in Dec....
Central High School marching band is rocking the court!
What happened to Tang?
I hate the Foo Fighters but I really like that song. Good job, yo!
It is not enough to lead by example. You must discuss key values and examine their application or you'll risk a multitude of gaps.
love and hugs to you my dear friend!!
LMAO ! Really You Think Your The Shit && Your With A Bitch Who Cant Close There Mouth By Them Braces Lol #BITCHPLEASE .
haha you are out of your mind young one.
GIGGLE!!!!! You make me laugh so much....
Fuck bitches get money
Just now? Why do you think I cry every time I talk to you.
I'm sorry for whatever I did :(
o yea so now I gtta teach u , AND gw to skate now :)(:
Idk it mit be good thing :D
I broke out the jacket this morning. Excited for Manning, but no matter who plays on the team I'm a Bronco fan for life.
Awesome. I've enjoyed them for the past 3 weeks. Hope ur customers do too “: Kinvara 3 is now stores!!"
great game
RT : is one of my favorite ministries check out there 101 program you can sign up for this summer...
Thank you office of the registrar, you were thoroughly unhelpful.
Hit me up if u want to check out surrender tomorrow! Only
“ “ A girl who ain't scared to try different stuff >>>””
My thanks are not hollow / I'm glad for the follow!
I'm going to be a free <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6>again tonight lol
Okay. To buy West Side tickets....or not to buy West Side tickets....It HAS been a while.
I'm jealous! Thanks for the invite! RT Ah. I LOVE LOVE LOVE Tahoe.
ddnt get it..were r my two cents?:)
oh. Cool,
Fresh out the shower coolin it now
Vikram please get C the fuck away from Barack and his idiot pay Czar. Who the hell is this clown to tell you how much you can pay?
I'll folo you, you folo me. Or maybe you could just dance to some bluegrass.
Shared via EmpireAvenue.com (e)LVPUBLICITY : Adding more shares. This stock's on the way up.-Gary Davie, LVpublicity
REPUBLIC NIGHTCLUB w/DJ SURGE drink Specials and NO COVER call Chris for VIPS at 915-999-9696 REPUBLIC NIGHTCLUB Upscale!!
Thank you ;) Cheers to a new day!! Make it a great one <3
I got it three hours ago. RT : Morning early birdies! Who gets the worm?
not targeted at personal work of yourself or others at all. There are other ways to monetize on the web
Apparently he is not aware that there are millions of gay Christians...
Getting ready for the big party on Saturday
Why leave the peaceful streets of the bow for carol city? RT : At home about to leave for Carol City in a little bit.
A guy was comparing Gucci Mane and Nicki Minaj, thinking Gucci was better, OH HELL NO.
It looks like most if not all the US/31 intersections in #carmel will have roundaouts at the exits
Wonder what Steven doing
For those who wanna maybe, see my play live.. Stickaim? Or tinychat,
Thanks for the follow :)
is one fierce chick for sure!
Happy Friday everyone - have a great weekend!
Something a lot of businesses don't seem to understand is Customer Service! Basic stuff!!! geez!
Can you tell to pick that up for me? I want it. Thx!
Is he asking for donations for his case?
You guys tweet WAY to much on A days(:
Proverbs 21:31 31 The horse is made ready for the day of battle, but victory rests with the LORD.
marketing sits down w the players every yr to figure out how they want to market themselves individually.
The guy holding mayweathers belt looks like Justin Bieber.
joe wilson and stupid now a top twitter topic. you get the government you deserve south carolina.
Followed. On hold with cust serv or tech support or whatever.... "hold time is over 10 minutes..."
Thanks for the follow, we remember you from Top Design. Love the website!
congrats to our friends and for putting on a killer hometown show last night!
I'm eating wimpy yummy
:) it fits you perfectly
My book is up, check my tweets for the link, or I'll send it if you'd like. Hope you are well my friend!! :D
Well done & good call! RT Planned Parenthood rejects $500,000 donation from titan of misogynistic literature Tucker Max:
The secret to have followers is to follow people
#guiltypleasure RT : End your weekend on a high note with the Housewives of NJ, all new tonight at 10!
I'll bring the lava lamp and midgets
sorry dude. We have to sell them. Can't get all that sweetness for free.
Governor Nixon calls for legislature to send a charter school accountability bill to his desk.
Only 353 days until Fiesta!
Just watched Descendants. Wanna slice wrist now. Yikes! Well acted though.
shout out ?
That is very true, hope everything will be ok
Quite possibly the most exciting thing I've ever seen. I hate the Lakers and them being down by 28 points is just great.
Why must guys be so confusing
If your heart was able to detach from your chest ; id want it in mines so were connected as one forever and always .
Safe travels to - don't forget to grab a cigar & oysters.
Hey everyone is the bombdiggity.
- but not that many, big or often. :)
"running with wolves and I'm on the prowl"
I hate when im havin sex and a girl scream out ”this is ur pussy”. Lol ...yeah fa now plus I just met u a few hrs ago...
snood of the day: adding our customary "ah yeaaahs" to this record..sti us on the swag!!!!
HOLLY LIKES BOB A LOT LOLL
I'm packing tunafish & peanut butter. See ya soon!
is on the road to Charles de Gaulle.
on CYA I can neither admit or deny!
RT : “ I don't need you. Remember that bitch.”
Follow Back Please :)
Amen!!!!! ": You Cant Hold On To The Past But You Can Destroy Your Future By Not Dealing With It"
": What happened to old fashion romance?" it became a rare rare jewel
if it were a new lifter, no. But he's at the point where he's got his own style that works for him.
Mastered a new Latin/Hip-Hop compilation CD called "La Nueva Escuela" today.
such a simple yet powerful phrase and yes "I WAS born this way" the Monster Ball was life changing, if you haven't seen it YOU MUST!
Ditto. I loved the belly dance show! :-(
I'm flying again lol are u surprised
Thanks for the follow WNDE Let me know if your crew gets a sweet tooth....we're just around the corner :-)
Thanks for the reminder. Just sent a note to our exhibits team for next month's topic.
Funny tho. A customer walked in & asked for my help. Im like: I DON'T WORK HERE! Lol oh that felt good! MUHAHAHAHA~
yes it is
Don't forget tomorrow to support Get Together Girls The Documentary and come to our Pizza FUNdraising event in Mar Vista!!!
Okay history channel, I get it. You like Atlantis. But Im tired of seeing "Shocking New Evidence!" and its the same underwater road.
yupp, so you say NO.. loll
Good Ovens, is that up to date?
On the spl.org website, browse Overdrive digital books, select download to Kindle - which redirects to Amazon.
Love the video, I will most definitely post this everywhere.
Love it! RT : I had the Sheboygan sandwich from for dinner last night, and now I'd like another one for lunch.
LMAO! Their #website failed!! What the fuck you present now?? Hahaha.
Chicago rocks!
johnny what's do funny I can't stand you just for that no breakfast
Braun hits his second home run of the night! 5-2 Brewers.
Good Night! :)
Yeah, but he didn't have a medical waiver for his prescription, so my understanding is that he could still face suspension
#rulesoftwitter tweeting so much ur in twitter jail.lol
oh it's okay, I know things can get in the way. There'll be pics up for you to see :)
Congrats!! RT : Im married!
I actually need your number too! New phone! I DM you.
I'm riding with you to the top of the hill
NYC Printing 123 offers Rush Custom sign Printing for all types of businesses at an affordable price. Call 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420...
M, that's what matters Jess :) I'm working my way across each firm cheek until I reach the center & then down to that pussy
A tough question. Restrict access to competing reinforcers? Or making them contingent upon task completion?
And we're back at ! Did you know we push updates to the Encyclopedia of Life software on a weekly basis? Contact me to learn more.
and I'm sorry who is autistic?
thank you!
Ok...well you can forget about what I said about this going into extra innings....
Spurs bench>>>Clippers bench....and it's NOT EVEN CLOSE! Clips are going down
That is a great quote - and so true.
It’s tip Tuesday introduce a friend to twitter it's a power media tool.
It's a #Marvel movie, after all! ;) RT : Go!!! & stay until the very last credit rolls. :-)
Big show at opening for ! We go on around 11pm...don't miss this one!
Aye #ToiletGirl is trending! Lol yeah we run twitter lol
Yes, very true. Very true Shawn.
Long time Alec-congrats on SAG award again-Got my vote-Loved the Piers Morgan interview. Looking good my friend-Keep it up
RIP Whitney Houston. She had one of the best voices of all time.
Hustlin' tunes until 5pm at Stop by and get your ears dosed! [#ilm]
You better shut up and be happy
Honestly, one of the best feelings in the world is when you get home from work, put your keys & cell phone down, and can breathe
how u been ...you dnt mess wit me no more lol
Woke up sore. Man i need a massage. Lol. What am i about to get into today?
I love attention! But I refuse to get half undressed and act like a slut to get it?!
The opposite of fear is love. - unknown
Time to get up. Its Friday.
Can't wait to get home and get back on.
Be disarmingly truthful in every aspect of your marketing message and you’ll win over your prospect.
I am too. Looking forward to working with you on my next release....
“: 5 rep max deadlift at 335#. Then survived a scaled king kong in 3:43.” nice!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Sometimes the reason that legal fees skyrocket in a case is because of the other side's unnecessary games.
"Riding the struggle bus." -
People all over the world join hands...start a love train :)
BARUCH HASHEM!! PLANE LANDS SAFELY!!!
Getting ready for the post lunch session "Solving the Content Conundrum" with from
then WHY by all means do you not pick up you bum
Tune into Air Talk today at 10am to hear discuss her new book, Stardust Monuments
Day 1 of 90 days, hm 89 more to go ugh lol
So cute! Great pictures!
What's an EMP? An Emerging Museum Professional! Less than 10 yrs in the field? Want to connect with other EMPs? Follow us!
Yes, I'm a big fan of hardwood floors too!
Deafening at jeld wen. Rain sideways.
Follow ... Its our new band and music is coming out really soon!
I definitely need to!! Don't we all
oh you'll respect me once I kick ur ass
What a beautiful day! Get out and breathe this day! So happy to be alive!
Life isn't something that you can plan out, it's all about
#FRANKIEGOBOOM: Score = cliche, 'quirky' elements = equally tired & ditto for entire 3rd act but a nicely laid out romcom w/ cute characters
Im so happy here.
thanks - the feeling is mutual!
You crying over a female because she gave the sex & Don't want you no more..
Taylor lautner is so fucking sexy!!!
Bahahaha that picture is funny. It looks like he is saying "call me or else" lol. xD
not if they don't want me there!
Watched a game today of JV level spring developmental basketball where a team spread the floor with six minutes left in game.
I dnt even get an effort from u.
T-ball opening day, my favorite day of spring by far!
good looking... yeah, that's one of my favorites too.
Glad I won't be in los Angeles for Carmageddon...LOL
Going to take my written test a second time so i can get my liscence
Poor little homeless fart...
it was so nice meeting you at #sxsw! Thank you for your insights.
Im grown... U niggas "Baby Food"
how and are sitting with QO kids...
Hehe. I'd love to have a clone or two.
New years eve what's good
MUCHO PROPS! to Shwan B. M. Carter, Myia H., Boogz, & last but certainly not least Janice Jane Bevel! WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!
free scarf at the twins game on mothers day!! #exciting<U+263A>
But the conjuring arts library does seem to hire every year. THIS could be my lucky year!
Oh uh then maybe tell them if they dont behave chickens will become extinct! jk :p thats horrible Logan!
I can't wait to quit this whole boyscouts nonsense
How is tramon williams's camp goin? N e one been to practices?
No..sit down coach c
Men can be victims too!!
Also thanks for the nudge- the site needs a bit of overhaul. Ill email you with more details.
Spending all calculus class playing Mortal KOMBAT on a sega genisis with >>>>
no not til next week. I have a two day training thing in canonsburg so I'm crashing in Oakland for a few days.
Who thinks Tiger will win at Augusta?
What's the one thing you can't wait to do this weekend? We have a few things on our list :)
is morning dreaming about Nippon.
Wishing Purdue good luck in the NIT. #IU rocks! Go Hoosiers!
One's character can be broken...but once damaged...it is never repaired...GUARD IT WITH ALL YOU HAVE!
all of fb or just yurs? :o
Awesome! RT : What a fascinating and effective speaker, For those not at #mptech, make a point to go listen to her.
i did that with a taco bell cherry limeade sparkle once lol.
ADD has new meaning in 2012 - Always Doing Digital. coined phrase
you're mean to poor Vikings fans. should slap you
What a night at the Kettle. Big thanks to the fine folks from for joining us for a mass-bottling session. Enjoy the beer!
Shiller FINANCE derived fm Latin 'finis' (end) BUT prefers 2believe as field that allows GOALS to be achieved
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty gotta make sure I add extra water on the KoolAid and tea :/
thanks for a great wine and dine experience..you guys ROCK! Thx to our server Amy! Check out Proof if you are in the DC area!!!
Hey! Michel Hazanavicius thanked Billy Wilder during "The Artist" acceptance speech. Don't you love Billy Wilder too?
User generated content & currstion also at DPL- yes!
Why There Is No Tablet Boom (Just An iPad One) tncnews.com
really?! wow.
you rule buddy :)
Tomorrow is a VERY IMPORTANT DAY. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><U+2764>
Thanks for the follow! Can;t wait to talk trees with you!
I'm talking relative modern history, Malcolm. You can't say "Hundred Years of Humiliation" didn't crash China.
Wish I was closer to Atlanta to come for breakfast. Hope the new office is treating you well
Too freaking adorable. I can't wait until my baby is old enough to make V-Day cards.
college t-shirt day at work.
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you...
Writing a business plan for a business that sells both customized toilet seats AND flavored popcorn.
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without each other.
Enthusiasm is the greatest asset in the world! It beats #money and #power and #influence. It is no more or less than #FAITH in action!
"god i can't wait till the weekend" "Elyce its Monday."
New Real Friends acoustic album mother fucking rules. So glad there are still bands making good music in this scene.
Does he have a Twitter? Can I add him on FB?
#LMSunSIG session2. What is your lms training consist of?
Spending part of the day prepping for upcoming BBC doc appearance. Maybe the splendid will give me some tips.
Neighborhood 3 opens on THURSDAY! You will be there.
Even FLOTUS was a little shocked with that hockey mom zinger
Follow Me Please!? 72
Is Whitney Houston dead?!
What's an ambitious woman to do? Find out at
Wow Texans tryout Vetran QB Jeff Garcia Crazy huh
This train is so dry.
so how's ur day goin ma
| Congrats! Awesome news!
Call me for table hook ups tonight at Tru. Sexy lingerie party. Chris&Dave promotion
No Easter peeps for me this year, but hoping to see a Celtics "sweep" at MSG today! Go C's!!!
Seeing a ton of gift cards being used these past few days- RETWEET this status if you're one of the shoppers using them!
Bout to walk out the door n I decide I need to change my outfit.
All packed up. Weird.
:) . Thats Fine . I Respect That .. Thank Youu ..
Feelings great today and ready to do some great hair, call and make your appointment now (813) 910-2770!
The more choices you have, the more freedom you will have to choose how you want to create happiness in your life.
nice!! Enjoy it?
aw thanks
Lol. I remember when I used to be in love with I used to love her so much.
Why do people follow me?
White girls with fat asses < midgets with fat ass lol
really hope black panther is in the avengers movie
Joe Paterno, you will never be forgotten. We love you &lt;3 rest in peace. You changed football for all and that`s amazing.
I think I jus burned the bridge between our friendship and I didn't even mean to be like that to her
we have a song ready for your radio! Just tell us where to send it.
Uh huh...so your dad needs to fly the box to NZ. right.
55 Min to #Nationals #Baseball! Woot!
Wow. I really should have proof read that paper
Ad Vitam Paramus => We are preparing for life
grannies on safari tv series is airing all over US. check us out on local pbs. we travel to india, peru, zanzibar and south africa.
nice Take it down Angel
12hrs after midpoint of sleep the night before--that
Feeling the Panther Pride this morning!
Yeah, I still need to cop that.
I can now say i am over him... i seen better n got better... n 4 once in my life i am not paying 4 our meal when we go out or driving
Blah blah blah. Monday. Blah blah blah.
I found a few nice.to talk to them
New twitter. Hm...
Gonna be staying in a haunted hotel in San Antonio tonight. Oh.
It's time to make big things happen! Not tomorrow, not next week, RIGHT NOW! "Nothing Will Work If YOU Won't!" Change Today!
Let's go Hoosiers! Beat Mich St!
Yeah, it did! I know. I don't get why they didn't pick it up. So just out of wondering is Instagram hard to use?
Sleep deprived -.-
Tim are you coming up to NY and I don't know about it?
RT : Q2: core elements of a DAM strategy - metadata, workflow, search, usability, rights management
Gorgeous day...wouldn't an ice cold beer be great?
Look if someone dont want to be wit you stop messing wit that person move on
DreamFace is at the #Mulesummit Paris today
celebrate jesus and the resurrection of the lord today! follow him and you will be blessed with eternal life!
My EYES LOW
Day 1 recap con't: lots of great questions and passionate instructors. Looking forward to tomorrow.
are you posting them somewhere? am intrigued.
Thanks for the Follow Friday!! Much appreciated!
yo team going back to the Finals???
Such the American way to do something controversial, then get paid from it (books & interviews).
Listening to myself reading Eliot makes me want to punch both myself and Tom in the face. Argh. #howmanytimeswillirantaboutschooltili'mdone?
“: Twitters kinda therapeutic” but how does that make you FEEL
Went to a drag show at Aqua tonight and it was so much fun!
LOL...looks like i am the one who needs to tread lightly now.
Which one? :0
Cleveland fan card revoked. Cheering for a Pittsburgh team is unacceptable.
Been busy, haven't been on twitter that much. :(
Oh my timeline hasn't refreshed in 9 hours! It's like I'm in a time machine!
nothing definite yet. Email my assistant and she'll email you next time we're over
Thanks for the follow, Rich! Have a great day!
I'm insecure I know what for. 1D is so big I'll never meet them at a-a-all. So I will cry til I die cuz I'll never see them with my e-e-eyes
please go to the regal theater tomorrow to surprise people in new york ! <3
#iftheworldendsonsaturday Http://tomorrowbook.com would still have the best search engine!
ha. Yeah.. He curses alot.....
#wcphilly How to promote your blog posts: Maintain a community on your blog.
I cant wait to have a Macadelic time at the concert in #Baltimore on April 26th!
Jamal is being selfish. What he should do is play out his contract and test the market. But then again he is a pro athlete
Opportunity knocks for every man, but you have to give a woman a ring.
Being followed by childhood idol , Sharon Creech, author of Walk Two Moons, Bloomability, Absolutely Normal Chaos
gotta make moves for TOUR! practice, plan, DO! awww yeeuh! also stoked to meet up with the VIV boys tomorrow!
oh, finally we got our power back on.....!
Happy Mother's Day everyone! Hope all the moms have an amazing day!
Yo soy de Medellin! ... We don't say dale lol
Scary stat, awareness is what this problem needs.
katuska is that u
I know the feeling. My graduation application was approved today, so I WILL GRADUATE!
Rookies were split into two groups and brought out after 15 of 19 rounds. They didn't totally explain how they picked sides.
That 4th down stop coulda been the nail in the coffin! Can't do that against the Saints! Drew Brees is too dangerous for that!
Don't call someone trashy for having tattoos. xo.
Dress up: What am I going to be this Halloween? I'm going to be a... sleep
Its raining all weekend in the 206 as well
Hopefully we get to see that feud and match.
Warm as shit out..go BMORE
SXSW announcement! March 12th, get ready for an awesome SXSW White Whale shindig at ! More details to come!
thanks I thought it was injury related. & by the way I hate Duke! Ugh Go Eers, Beat Duke.. Although want Sparty to win it all
Was it a (949) number ? Would like to talk about advertising opportunities w/the Oc Metro magazine :)
Great evening seeing Hal and Ray then saw #AmericanReunion #AmericanPieMovie w/ 50 rotten teenagers....We loved the movie, not the teenagers
lmfaooo true true
I want the ESPN play-by-play! This is exciting!
...or giving u the stink-eye... Lmfao!
We're either at the pool or the bar. ;)
Don't expect to win the game if you don't get in and play the game.
A squirrel runs on the razor of the fence’s top / where to? / don’t we all run like this?
Death. Warmed. Over. So looking forward to the leftover tikka masala & Mad Men that's waiting for me at the end of today.
oh yeah I've heard of those!
hahaha lmao.. and this is why Pauly is my fav RT I'm The HBIC ,,,, Head BlowOut In Charge !!! Yeah Buddy
Tune in 1070 am for and Jesse Ventura in a minute. It won't disappoint!
#TextsThatLeadToSex "You trying to make some money?"
Really Solomon Wilcots, is Ryan Fitzpatrick that fearless...
Has it ever crossed your mind When we’re hanging, Spending time, girl, are we just friends Is there more
Astros trade Quintero and Bourgeois. Yes, to another major league team. Well, the Royals, so it's debatable.
“: The Perfect City for a #Capricorn: Houston, TX” that's me LOL
With #oscar #sunday fast approaching what did you think of the #artist? a love letter to the days of cinema when words were not an option.
Ladies and gentlemen, Sean's third tweet for the month of April.
Lexus Luxury Level for the Hawks Game!
Good luck! “: I am convinced I have a horrible disease. Or else I'm just in CBS limbo waiting to see if I'm going to get picked up.”
lmao! Why Would I sit there and count.. I ain't got time! And HEY! Liam is a nice name!
P-E-A-C-E peace to the middle east Go Planet !!
I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over profits...-Melissa Martin, Wisefly Auto Glass
haha hey nice one! x) imagine me when im dead? The sex will be marvelous!
Do I say "break a leg?" RT : If I were in a theatre production, this would be Hell Week. Competition is in five days.
Love to my new follows!!
dude ran into your old man and dillon here.
Prof Bies: Three things it takes to be successful: passion, competence, resilience!
FishBowl Radio Network Relationship Problems? What are they? Also do you want a shout out, let us know!!
5 upcoming hot spots for roleplay in Mists of Pandaria: by Anne Stickney May 12th 2012 at 2:00PM All the world's a stage, and all the...
>> Thanks for RT, Rose! Hope you had a great weekend.
Gas prices jump at Speedway on Fish Hatchery from $3.69 to $3.95 overnight. Fill up while you can!
I missed the "and Reggie Miller is also in the house tonight"
I'm ccing you for next year :)
Happy Thanksgiving to all my "Tweets"
I believe she has a chief of "staph", to deal with her... issues.
let's hope tomorrow is smooth sailing
...definitely all relative...
Friday's special guest will be the beautiful and talented ! Tune in at 11AM CST on
No matter how hard things may seem there's alwayz something good comin around the corner
sony f900. the trailer is from the sd until we online.
chut up I meant u* ahaha
Here you can find what you're about Eminem
The guy at the local bodega only ever sees me buy ice cream and cat litter. He must think I'm AWESOME.
btw what you saying this long weekend?
Down to only 68% of the vote...yikes.
i don't look like a rabbit.......
Interview at Fox Studios then recorded drums at The Gravity Room Studios. What a great day. Voxer me?
How can the NFL even compare you to Tom Brady ? No contest there but if there was you would come out of top Like always
Get to Salsa Under the Stars by 6:30 and enjoy a FREE Salsa Lesson with Salsa Baby!!!
u are a FOOL!
Love it! RT : #aam2012 drinking game: bottoms up everytime someone says "engagement"
Thank you so much! I am getting good feedback so I am thinking I may have to go in a little late tomorrow to pick it up!
FEELING A LITTLE FOOLISH BEING JAILED IN THE OFFSEASON
I just saw the #wienermobile !
Aaron, it's always amusing when you call me "the universe".
Would also say that it is significant that %7 of FB friends haven't met f2f. That's a lot of ppl!
My daughter might be going to spellman!!!
our new song for spanish boys to sing to us is Promise by Romeo Santos and Usher <33333
Aqua teen hunger force is funny lol
i cant wait for #VictoryField field this year. its about to be hella fun
always #inthezone on my walks to and from class. Sorry. :(
I hope they realize after 2 finals today I'm going to be completely worthless at work tonight lol
Every day is trash day when you live in NYC.
Ugh, I need something better than TweetDeck. Recommendations?
It's May 5 and I can see my breath
I wanna do somethin
Just seeing this. Congrats!
comScore’s recently published statistics for online video viewing and video ad exposure in the Europe reveals the biggest growth lies in vi…
Send some martini's to Milwaukee!
AJ Best Not. I'm Not In The Mood.
I love when you tweet about me. ;)
so I now have a twitter and don't know how to use it..lol
I literally lol'd!!!!!! Nina told me :P ”Roll up yr windows or ya'll gonna bust a Marco Otero!!”
wow way to be compassionate ):
haha ikr so what state do u live in?
wow... two little babies kicking my butt! Trying to get plugged back into the world.
RT : #Fact ---> RT : A chick that always wanna argue is a Fucking turn off
you already congratulated me prior to now
I may or may not have just gotten hulu plus so I could continue my shameful One Tree Hill marathon.
On the way to perform at red kiva....mityme now!
i love it, idk seems it would be the same, been all the way to ny and the only def is weather!
Ice on my neck and wrist
hahaha not them! Another band:)
totally agree. Just thankful we are not in the house with her!
Determine your compensation range. This will help you avoid making a lateral move instead of an upward move.
or hate on him for a reason. I'm like #goaway. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
yeah i remember is movies, you will be miss RIP John Hughes
So excited for our photo shoot for some new band pictures!!!!! Will tweet some pics from on set later
have you and domo found a pair of pink skinnies yet ?? ;D
That's amazing. :)
If you don't trust someone, don't be with them.
Thank you for the RT!
GA Gov. Nathan Deal just gave a strong personal & economic case for the arts.
The Killah Bees head up to the Granite State to scrimmage NHRD Bring the sting, Bees!
May your neighbors respect, troubles neglect you, angles protect you, and heaven accept you.
Dear sister of mine, STFU!!!! Sincerely, trying to sleep >.>
Oh my gosh wish I was there!
half and half sounds better lol
u love a boy
I would so be all over that.
Individuals are the architects of their own destinies. Follow your dreams, and grow from the experiences of the journey.
I've heard similar ideas substantiated. In the end, the nap was merely satisfactory.
hey! How you been? Long time no talk! Lol
Oh #happy day!
Beef negimaki wit extra sauce
Planning & preproduction for some big SXSW marketing efforts. Music week is always a good time for us. Love SXSW energy!!
#Tastytweets Enjoy the rest of your stay!
this is going to be weird to say and for you to hear, but please start charging me money. don't want you to disappear.
13th trip to mexico. leaving in two weeks. shooting maya ruins...small, obscure sites again
Why has no one coded a Battlestar vs. Star Wars video game?
got it
he's In governors square 14, bottom floor. Come on down, so far: amazing as promised
that's what's up man! Hit me up! 3174147987...
We'll keep the home fires burning. Enjoy the break!
Your about to become my new BF, I love what your all about!
Not sure as to who, it's more like which faction I think I'm part of right now. Right now, Major Crimes Unit.
She's like, "There were so many people with more things than me, so I saw no point in waiting! It was just a muffin!" :]
#nisoEbook Paxhia: prerequisites for success include obvious value and availability of devices. Was 2011 the Year of the eBook?
You can hear the orchestra always trying to sing with these oppressive figures
the quoted an tweet in a news update!
two is transferred to the job market in the same way ppsychology is relied upon in communications/advertisement.
Smoke another one brother!!!
what types of jobs are you looking for?
*Computer freezes.* ME: "WTF?!" *Starts clicking everywhere.*
Pierce Senior Center to be turned into banqueting hall
Hi!!! This is our casting company! Would love to talk to you!
Bringing my scholarly circus side-show to NIU tomorrow. Excited to show and talk about some new things and see & et al.
You come to find that the things some may find annoying in a relationship, others wish they had.
It's Wed so it means another staff mtng. Topics of discussion: , #EotR Distinguished Artist Award, & more!
#confession I need a new twitter profile pic. I just liked it and kept it way too long.
If untreated, #BV may cause infection of #fallopian tubes and #uterus, which may lead to
#ConfessionNight I trie to pee out my car window on a road trip and it went out my window and I through the back...
Again c ur pt but actually the answer is yes...that interview on a talk show is much diff post and pre draft. Not a new thing
I DO LIKE YOU ! I told yu that already
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ;)
They don't have enough subs to sub out everyone on a yellow...
Christmas Eve - yeah now I have time to get ready for 2012. So much to do and so little time but I will prevail.
perish the thought!
people said u slammed and took the rim down shaq style
Maybe we should put a travel ban on the Egyptian delegation that's visiting next week? Only fair.
Corel VideoStudio Pro Ultimate Review: Great Value in PC Video Software
I am smart, I'm not a scatterbrain. Not flakey. Not aloof. I am smart.
I'm following you :)
the only that would've made #puppyconan better: puppy labamba
Many thanks to all, especially recent followers and DJ's for the feedback.
Ruling guys, thanks for the RTs and see you in March :)
lool ok (:AustinsHairFolicles? :D that one was stupid lol. im done now. and btw im just hyper/bored so ignore me right now lol
No strings attatched, then making a shout out video(:
Time to take out the trash
Favorite TV moment: "Women have all the power in sex." "That's why male prostitutes don't make house calls."
Chris Paul Wants Out! Blazers, Knicks, Magic, Mavericks among the teams he wants to play for..Lakers possibly in the mix as well.
Would it count as plagiarism for me to tuck one of these stickers into every Bible in the local bookstore?
Just finished a Go-See Very creative atmosphere. They were super nice and Floyd the bulldog was too cute!
It's the smallest things that mean the most
SOUND CHRONICLES IN FULL EFFECT!!
definitely a #boniver kinda day
I loved Edie and Mike before Marc killed em off. But Lynette is and always will be my favorite! :D
Thanks. Haven't actually been on Twitter these days.
sounds good joey
What a game!? Watching Lakers vs. Thunder. 91-91. Going into overtime...
Everyday in the 90s here. Entering the rainy season. Hot + muggy everyday. Fun!!
Looking forward to seeing you at #smacsrit tomorrow!
Bucks need a stop here. I don't know what is going on with jennings. Got torched all night and didn't shoot?
New post: Dulcet - The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
. Thank you for the great infographic!!!
Q23 love my wahm hooter hider ;) having a successful bfing exPerience this time around! Yay
S/O to Illest in the game
Do u like or dislike hornswoggle?
thank you! We hope to see you here soon!
I'll vote for the man but I'm not giving him my money. I invite you to donate to whomever you think best & I'll do likewise
Thanks B-Fresh, I have been in the lab writing up a storm and have been as far from the loop as possible :(
Stop. Take a second. & Breathe. :)
I'd agree with you, but we'd be two wrong Mf's..
I'll be proudly sporting my SBXLV gear we're still champs until the game is over #Packwinning#14in2013!
Let's go Louisville : I like where we at... We good. Big run coming in the 2nd half
Lol I vibe to that #TooMuch RT“: I ain't think nobody was gone get it RT : Welcome the mind of a maniac
that was still an AMAZING movie though.
we hope to see you at the show this year!
Farve might come back to play for the Bears, might be a Chicago fan again... Orphanz™
Ha! Poor kid
Thanks for the suggestion will give it a try.
so 3 6 Mafia isn't a group anymore?
happy birthday :) still have the britney video on repeat!
SURE, WHATEVER YOU SAY ;D no no, I'm the same way xD haha
Not sure where we are sitting on that one. Just wanted to pass on some info.
my house! And we need a DJ #WelcomeToMyHouseParty!!!!
Work almost over
I was a little pissed at being woken up, and me and the cool roommates searched the apt to find out how the hell the cat is getting out...
Search #YOLO and see how many people actually use it literally...
I was bringing donuts 2ma
what do you have in mind? I can do more than just key chains.
stiles:like death hehe
Hey.. kinda love you<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>;D
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BAMBOO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Heading over to Something Different Party Rental to play with place settings!
Awesome site!
Wow. Unconventional, but I'll take it!
I hate Clint Barmes. And to think we have this asshole on a two year contract.
Take a walk on the wildside!!!!
Hurry back Monday.
Big bankroll do it like Tony. Fuck her friend then I pass it to the big homie. Got a sign on my dick, bad bitches only.
One can rearrange the letters in "Fredi" to spell "Fired" -- COINCIDENCE???
If Justine LaMacchia would try some different makeup and mix it up every once in a while, she could be really pretty.
If this doesn't happen, Amy Whipple and I are going on a mass killing spree.
hackoff was epic. Freaking matt in cleveland! A legandary meltdown for radio history.
Yeah I guess they have the Zbo injury as an excuse to why it didnt work. Could give it another go next yr
I got a paid summer internship for part time this summer! I finally don't have to stress anymore...for just a little bit.
Stringer Bell teaching Macroeconomics is just the best.
"Elegance is a question of personality, more than one's clothing." -Jean-Paul Gaultier
I actually bought my kid a latch hook rug kit. He's not sold on it. I use it to punish him.
Well, least he's there to bum some $1's off of.
ack! don't read the comments don't read the comments don't read the comments...
Black Documentary for the day "Unchained Memories: Readings from the Slave Narratives."
the sky is a limit you can be whatever you wanna be!!!
So sleepy
Thanks for the follow
I'm good, working hard & counting the days down to see my daughter next week! How's ya new spot workout last week?
:hi how are you doing? I've been praying for you and your talk show. <---- Oh WOW! Thank you for your prayers!
This is my best friends video.I wanted to let you know how much she loves you! If you at least talked to her she will go nuts!
I love new skunk hair. He's lookin good.
you tell me! Ask your gym friend and the ticket taker guy you talked with for a solid 30 minutes when they are free.
Fatman good I m comeing to Orlando
Me and are like fucking night owls!
i guess that statement only includes tyler and earl. if they polish up their beats a little i think they could reach that level
RT : #schoolmemories food fight in lunch
Heading to the beach
okay girl! No rush, no problem :)
Earthquake in San Francisco, just now!
"If this was easy anyone could do it" is the reality of independent film finance, not only in the U.S., but all over the world.
haha well good (:
A sales person can make me go from "I'm not interested at this time" to "I'll never be interested" with pesky emails and calls
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters :)
will do! Vet just called & he's doing well :)
haven't looked into yet...good stuff?
oh lol i was responding to your last tweet lmao my fault
how did you break your thumb??
bands! In philly? Free tonight? Looking to help great cause? Slots avail full bands at dobbs toys 4 kids event email
I will be sure to ( :
thanks Sara!
Ha! Fair enough...LA still? We'll have to link up...exploring songwriting for artists other than myself a bit...
Speaking og T.O. looks like he's trying to weasel his way out of Buffalo but flat out quitting on his team. Punk.
Morning to all Mother's out there
Rickie Weeks has struck out more times (48) than he's reached via walk or hit (43). Just pitiful.
today proved that I dont need to think about my future
Rush, You are the only one who can make me laugh when things are bad. Don't ever stop!
Happy first day of Spring! The weather will start warming up!
you're adorable
May all of your wildest dreams be exceeded in the reality to come for 2012! Love, peace, health and miracles!
how did you hair go from that to how it is now??
Here is a legit question. How far do you have to insert a meat thermometer to get an accurate temperature?
I thought it was understood when Mr. X of Company Y speaks on behalf of the company, that it IS the company speaking. Strange!
Wish I was back in #Hollywood for the #Oscars again. Love the
Congrats to DTD for winning the 2012 Little 500. (thanks, too, to for great coverage)
"Americans We" by Henry Fillmore is a march you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
When i tweet something, does it go to everyone's phone?
. I think you make good points. Some I have pondered before and some I have not. I will take this to my editors. Thanks.
come out and try some of our other pies at the market sometime!
Special soup tonight, with drinks and crackers and a good word from a surprise speaker. 6:30.
See, I know my destination, but i'm just not there
Terrance Jones! Ridiculous!
Don't know yet, I think imma just go in undecided. wbu ?
groupies?? Like deadheads? Sounds exciting! I bet its like beatlemania in your place!!!
Performance classes are coming in June!! Come in and practice your performance! email me if you are interested!
you was preaching Tyler! God bless you...
i DM'd you twice. read them :)
is there any way to separate the galleries and collections on the galleries page? i had code elsewhere depending on separation
great to have you here !
the talls vs the smalls - #teamtall haha gotta love
what are you serious I hope they make a good game.
lots of big band and Latin sounds comin' up.... Antonio Adolfo, Sammy Figueroa, Jerry Gonzalez....
will we see you in Chicago again soon
hello Wes. We are still waiting on you to email us your tunes!
it probably doesnt help that youre booty dropping and singing holla-back girl. Just what im assuming/imagining.
Conference attendees that also live in DC - how are you getting to conference on Saturday?
Panic! @ The Disco
There is so much on my mind ..
"Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for...
... there is a sense of relief in being able to tell a pushy coworker that they're asking the wrong person for help.
OLLU Men's Golf - Finished 6th of 8 @ ROUND 2 -- Grub Mart Invite hosted by Jacksonville State @ Silver Lakes in Jacksonville, Ala.
I can't wait to see you in The Lucky!! Perfect casting!!! : )
Happy Thanksgiving to you and all of yours!!
RT " Hey y'all - do me a huge favor and check out my friends _____ by clicking on ______."
Swagg Mo Sicker Den MF Aids Patient
of course! We love your blog
Suck it Rauch
Heck Yes!
sounds like a terrific event!! thanks for sharing.
alright, getting out of bed now. So motivational.
Thanks for the #PumpRoom suggestion. That is right in my wheelhouse. Felt like I was in a #JamesBond movie. Great choice.
LMAO I lovee this one!!! "You know how to get to Manor Rd?"
Quite a few things in the making. You best believe ya boy got some super crack that he's whipping up!
rock on! Thanks for your support! Got some great bands on your station.
when did he say that?
Since I'm anti-NBA, I'm going for the Caps in the East and debating between the Coyotes, Preds, and Blues in the West.
lol u should get it!!!! So we can talk :)
Homegirl who just walked by...that was such a snob move! I wouldn't talk to you!
Keep it up! Great win v ! : Thanks for the RT. BTW, told us about the great work you're doing.
I will definitely look out for them - would love to hear more about them from you. Chat soon?
Really? My g,you're gonna go diva already & this is our first rehearsal?!
Watching year one (: lol
Big news on its way! Watch our Twitter feed for some cool stuff tomorrow! We hate keeping secrets! Arrgh!
There are surveillance cameras everywhere! Trying to pick a spot for the 21st.
it was great! Thanks!
Looks like is emo because he's not emo anymore.
writing all day was so exhausting i took a nap
Hey Oprah, I will be performing on The Wendy Williams Show this Friday & would love to impress on yours! I am only 6 yrs old
Listening to <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
thank you- any of them on Oahu?
haha i must return it to it's owner.
Haha, fire crackling. I thought it was someone typing loudly in the background.
If you're near Stanley, stop in at , I'll save you a seat, is playing
Mrnin world have a blessed day cuz if ur alive then ur blessed already
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 450
That got me thinking. I should be a responsible father and collect all the classic shows for my child to watch instead of whatever is on now
Africa's enthusiasm for technology is boosting growth. It has more than 600m mobile phone users-more than America or Europe via TheEconomist
my thoughts exactly!!!
Go for it Lance! And I trust that will give this thing a fitting number of GoPHs.
S/O to all the bitches MAD bc they man trying to talk to me !!
it's STAAR Week so you should look RockStar Fab instead!!
Come by any Express Lube location and receive $10 OFF any Full Service Oil Change when you wish an Express Lube employee a Merry Christmas.
;-) Thanks. Now go to bed!
too soon thanks
my head hurts. Kiss it to make it better? :((
- congrats! Tweet the picture
Hello Nello - thanks for the follow!
It's funny hearing campus tour guides talk about the library. Re: ILL-- "You can go online and order library books through our catalog."
Smh... NO EUROPE!!! This is me being a good friend and saying no.
so is every ones happy new year i hope every one had a safe weekend lol
that's all you can do, it will be a long process, I really feel for her
Evening librarian at your service!
WE LOVE YOU WITH ALL UOR SOULL !!! AND NOW PLEASE NOTICE ME
you kid, but we literally just postponed all of our shit for later in the week. No way I'm trying to do any PR today.
The news on my timeline about which shows are being renewed & which are being cancelled reminds of something: I no longer watch network TV.
Great inning !
Oh yeah. Can't lose Timmy.
#200followers YES! Thanks everyone :)
What gets longer when pulled, fits between a woman's boobs, inserts neatly into a hole & works best when jerked hard? answer in 5 mins
wow believe tour ALREAADY!?!?
I feel like unless we're getting Jordan Staal and Rick Nash in this deal it's not worth it. And that's not happening.
shutttup dude your dick is the size of my finger lol
gmail spam! The world has come to an end!
I cannot stand when people make me take my headphones out. It practically says, "Do Not Disturb".
wants a direwolf... right about... now!!!
On my commute I realized it's that damn song, "Somebody That I Used to Know" that caused my nightmares. Stupid song with stupid lyrics.
But what did she tell you?
I feel like a loser cuz I still havent seen the avengers!!!!(>.\)
I'm trying to figure that acronym out; what's it stand for?
Yes Thanks For Asking Love<3
"Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither." -C. S. Lewis
Shark tank rocks dude!
#miraloma i have a house that can be bought for only $500 down
I wish Steve Novick were running for mayor. He would rule with an iron hand.
Riveters vs Steel City today! Doors @ 2pm, Bout @ 3pm! Rhode Island Convention Center!!
If not stopped, another beautiful and precious life will be brutally murdered without any trace.
Aw! Come on Coach Fischer. Keep Cardwell in the game! I wanna see the 6'11" 300 pounder play.
no training this week so far, sick, sick, sick. Last week was a recovery week too.
Whose coming down for the grill out tomorrow?!
I love shopping on my own, so rejuvinating.
dude where is my wine? :)
Me too! But maybe next time! Look forward to following tweets!
I thought I sat on the remote. What the hell just happened on the oscars?
#AccordingToPalin -The worst kind of socialist is an ice cream socialist
And that's when I realized...you aren't that fucking great.
please RT for her 21st Birthday! She loves you & the Pens like crazy! We all do! Thank u & she will love it! :-)
DJ Chris Roxx Tonite at The Place!
Just waking up goodmorning
Lbt! I finally feel back at home.
I'd love to be able to speak to you about the MM Ambassador In-Chief opening. I've applied and it would be a dream job!
Check out The Shadow Children- myspace.com/shadowchildrenofficial
You use alot of hand sanitizer???
("SPEAKING VOLUMES": overheard on Bedford and South 2nd )#FEB0412 - "WE" SHOULD NOT BE USED TO DISCUSS WHAT YOUR FAVORITE TEAM'S DONE.
My caloric intake. (And maybe Peeping Tom which I was planning on watching last weekend.) RT What are you watching this weekend?
I feel you that's wassup same old good is good lol
didn't know u are a Pool fan
I was on set the last week so I already know ;)
Hey ppl go follow me and we auto follow bck
We're trying to come up with a pedagogy that promotes *real* social knowledge networking.
waiting till 2013, no date set yet :)
RT People are born. People die. MCA lived.
will you accept this <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>? Lol don't get sucked in!
How are you man?! hope you feel better. We all miss you!
LOL I had *just* opened that article this morning to read at lunch and share with you. You win!
you're my gurrllll. Love ya boo.
<U+B3C5><U+B9BD><U+C601><U+D654><U+AC19><U+C544><U+C694><U+314B><U+314B> underground movies?? :)
"I asked my wife if she enjoys a cigarette after sex and she said, "No. One drag is enough." ~Rodney Dangerfield
not happy either mate. Shady all round
Greyhound? Last Saturday? Anybody? ttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBRKSIj2tMc&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Your like a door handle everybody uses you.
Hiking today@ Runyon Canyon!!!
great! Thanks for the info.
I havent had sugar in 15 hours. I want CAAAAAAAAKKKKKKKEEEEEE.
absolutely. it's like burning off the underbrush
I Am . You don't know how I felt about her man ! Omg I can't take it no more !!!! >:'|
Chap, I'm gonna be honest. Completely exhausted (I'm in bed as I type this). Early wake-ups, long commutes, graduations = wiped.
Wishing a Happy Birthday!
LOL I dont sleep! Us owls are nocturnal...
You should get them bright and early tomorrow morning...there were some mild computer issues, but they're resolved now! Thanks.
CC: RT 'Hunger Games' cannot be stopped
Sometimes, when you wait too long to make a decision, the opportunity passes you by. Take action!
Slum Village - Fall In Love
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 52
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar Oh tounge kiss her on the tounge skeet skeet skeet watergun OMG becki look at her butt tunchi -Motto
Im so in love baby....I DONT CARE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY!!! *Erykah Badu voice*
#ILikedYouUntil i realized i could do way better.
Girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money.
Do not burn bridges out of spite. You might need to cross those in the future. It's not personal; It's business.
on that note we should have been guidance counselors lol
Honestly...after getting caught Cheating....does anybody ever really wanna see the Patriots win another Superbowl?
To Mrs. Taylor and Mrs. Enloe, my former math teachers: Thanks. Suddenly I'm dealing with math in the trillions.
Seriously loving this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
good day!(: filed trip tmrw
Catching up on some fun writing tonight...I'm open to distraction, pursuing tangents as the present themselves...good times
A woman asked me about my caboose today. Whew! I <3 this modern city.
We are back. Sorry for the inconvenience.
yeah hanging at home here too cheering them on with Allie and Blade. Go Warriors!
I hate nikki minaj. With a passion.
What really sucks is when you a really awesome, but stupid idea and than someone smarter than you stops you
you bitch! That's do not #ballin'
That's good . I'm good thanks for asking. how are all the workshops going?
; Twat is the word .
I need 90 more dollars and I can order my tattoo machine kit! <3.<3
hahaha welcome back to Twitter!
You went from thick to fat
I wish there was gelato delivery..brought to you on a moped
Great night , eating great food and drinking moonshine with Thanks to and the rest of the team.
Big graduation in my house this wknd. Excited about it. Break a leg....
Jordan Classic is
yeah they will probably do what the Broncos did... When they start losing they will put him n.
In the age of chimpanzees, I was a monkey
Yes ma'am #AngelinaJolie......she so rocks! Love d dress....#BradPitt looks very suave ;)
What Is Yahoo REALLY Trying To Do With All These New Features? (YHOO) via
These bugs are overstaying their welcome. Get the fuck out of my house.
15 Current Technologies My Newborn Son Won't Use - Gizmodo
RT : Everyone is a teacher. Embrace the lesson, learn, move on to bigger and better.
Take a musical journey through time with MixMaster David, John Wayne, Juggla, and DJ Kash tonight at Sutra Lounge!
ahhballs! I hav it 5th n im trin to get it 2nd but mr.daly said it was full n then i emailed him yesterday n he never repd
Wednesday -3/9/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Good lil workout...now about to kill this subway tho!
RT : RT : The hotter the room, the better the orgasm.
I'll tell you ONE thing tho.. God is good!
#LouisvilleHateDay is here
Good morning! Wow, what a Beautiful day! Going to spend the day in town and my beautiful corn is on it's way! Can't wait for our event! :)
I know you dont want me to leave but when i come back im all yours if you're still around... Promise
You are so spot on. Man you should graduate early since u already know, like, everything!
my moms gonna come home and see that i've been crying and she's gonna be pissed. "YOU'RE GONNA GET SICK AGAIN" she'll say.
Missouri Location: ODILE'S LINEN AND LACE, ETC 34 S. THIRD STREET., STE SAINTE GENEVIEVE MO 63670
Ok it getting late here i gotta go to bed Now it is 1:47AM night :)
I feel like I have dialup internet at my house
man u should come visit Santa Ana California
PLEASE HELP ME D: okay so what song should i sing in the talent show can be a song i've done on youtube or a new one ready GO <33333
": When boys want to have kids with ou in the future. <U+2665>"
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 18 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Me and Mrs. Jones #;)
assholes!!! I'm waiting on Allstate to refund a payment that they took out of my account twice. It's been 2 weeks!
Subway bread smell: thoroughly permeating clothes since 1965.
Nervous and excited to be starting the "Feel Good and Look Great" program w/ tonight
Love it! We should make a shopping trip to Trader Joes for some goods too!!!
Other food for thought, is there something about Ersan Ilyasova's game that actually makes him better in a condensed season?
re: hangover cures - miso soup. I swear by it!
#wegotogether like Capt. Picard and the USS Enterprise. YOU DON'T LIKE IT?! FIGHT ME THEN! -K
Im waiting patiently
you have gotten so far with everything. Its beyond amazing. Supporting you from the beginning ; to the end.<3 <3 #mahomie. ((:
well then you're gonna have to be willing to compromise
Tonights films are student productions that document oral narratives of contemporary American women!
Going through #marchmaddness withdraws today!
Check-in opens up for BarCamp Rochester, Fall 2011 in 12 hours!
yes an she's on some fucking bull shit
He truly speaks as an expert on the issue. RT: : Cicconi knows about ignoring facts.
we had a PD on it today short quick walk through snapshot of class and there are 6 levels of student engagement in learning
Working on a new way, a simpler way of doing business with our overseas clients.
welcome back to Hollywood East haha
Tomorrow, special screening of #Avengers thank you very much #Boston Herald!!!
Kansas had a chance but Kentucky is relentless. Wow no one can beat them. They must be shooting 65% from the field.
Active in our #SOT community
Welcome to Twitter Grace!
. is one of the only major journalism awards that has no entry fee. Thanks to all our supporters for making this happen.
I forget easily. He is easy to forget, I've been here just on my other account. Anyway I used him to get over 'him' ):
wrote 3 songs this week, they're a bit alternative and they have a different sound so I hope you guys will like them! x
Lol, I hope.
You're a Barbie? Ok, that's admitting you're fake. Sup doee.
There's a weekend in '77, (May I think?) that might be their best ever. Loaded setlists, tape quality is stunning
She sucked rotten eggs & can't sing worth a damn. I was disgusted. I've hated her ever since. And it tainted the song for me.
Thanks to all the Bancroft Library staff for the yummy holiday party food and drink!
Georgetown Day will be 70 degrees and sunny...start hydrating early!
Last year,I said I wanted to ask a favor of you but I didn't because you didn't win the CHAMPIONSHIP. I hope to ask you THIS YEAR
would you believe you block/spam 60 then you get 100 more trash. Lord.Hopefully the trash will get tired of adding. : (
that's what you think!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT!
hey, uhum I know we arnt dating anymore but um BEST FRANDS?
Its hot out there, but our clean and green teams are out there doing their thing!
Adrian over here fooling
is a freak forreal I felt sorry for her but her tweets well tell it al.
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you.
RT : “: make sure you get the guacamole if you go to it's #thebest!” very true!!
lol shut up
:( RT both kids' lang arts teachers made prnts do grammar exercises at curric night. talked much more abt grammar than reading
Awesome, thanks for sharing! Loving all of your latest pics. Motivating me to do more shooting.
hahaha David? That's awkward
Agreed! I love it when they have captions written in, like that one does. Great time period, too!
Boy meets world at 7am #oldschool :P
Right! Lmao, I always thought you lived in New York for some reason, haha (: <3
I heard that!
": Wake up Kansas City, it's game day!!! GO #SportingKC"
The weather can be odd in Tucson this time of year. Naughton's is prepared for the last spells of heat as well as the cold temps moving in.
T-2 days till #sakefestpdx - looking forward to meeting some #sake luvers
PR nightmare RT : The Miami Marlins announced today the suspension of manager Ozzie Guillen for five games effective immediately.
Two full workouts today.
I learned how to make my hair wavy with a curling iron! finally! lol.
your Welcome <3 :)
I have major student loan debt, and I graduated from UC
and u
tiger woods -14
got the ne Pusta T mixtape n Wiz album.today is gona fly by
I agree. Felt like a Raimi trial run in hindsight. Sorta like PJ and THE FRIGHTENERS- where Death was a proto-ring wraith.
A good Halloween movie suggestion? 30 Days of Night. It's old school --more scary than gory. Vampires come out at night...
ha, I'm heading up to MINN. tmrw. I'll get them myself.
Someone PLEASE help me!!! Who heard the song before the Lakers and OKC game 1 came on?? I WILL NOT GIVE UP!!!!!!
I find it funny that Gov. Chris Christie vetoed gay marriage in New Jersey when he clearly looks like a man who enjoys eating sausages.
Are pedicures supposed to be relaxing? Because this just makes me want to kick the man in the face.
Happy Mother's Day moms
It's a challenge to swallow my sarcasm during some interviews.
Go panthers!
Thanks for the RT
#YouSoundLikeAVaginaSwag “: That means so much to me! #EmotionalSwag”
Chair-dancing at its finest... rocking out to Thievery Corporation. Marijean Jaggers Communications would appreciate this!
Thanks! Looking forward to it!
Blagh. I hate both of those things.
S/O to a beautiful woman follow ya teddybear back iight
“: Already?! I thought at 11! RT : Karaoke is bout start!!!”on our way! Already have a song picked out
,hey madison can u plzzz follow my bffl #LauraAliamia:)
The creation of a thousand forests is in one acorn. ~ Emerson
Not usually.
I bet is wishing he could be enjoying his 5th semester of math like me
Cool of you to RT! Our traffic has been through the roof with Rush fans! It feels good to be able to offer this!
Slacking regarding writing, I have a few ideas but neither the time nor available fingers to do so.
Hello world! We have a question for you. What would you like to hear more about on our Twitter feed? Thanks everyone! ^SZ
oh man, "Moonrise Kingdom," eh? I didn't even know he was making a new film; it looks uber, uber good.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you talk really bad to a girl that a major bad ass attitude.
Fuck you twitter im done with you!!!
RT> : God is pleased with you. That's why it's okay to be confident in who you are.
you biiiiiiiotch! Haha just kidding can't wait ;)
I can't stay off Twitter for a minute without 8 tweets from &
just did(:
Also by like 3 Bradys and 5 Gronkowskis... Get your own ideas ppl!
Bodemeister is favored at 4-1 but has no races as a 2 year old... this should be an exciting #KentuckyDerby !!
did you ever think that maybe I'd be perfect for you and maybe you are perfect for me too, I can't deny you have my heart,
"feature the non-theatrical" - I like it!
you have your phone or is it taken away again? Lol
getting ready for my first day of work =-]
Jose Reyes still available?
I always tweet you..you never tweet me.. =\ Always makes me sad :'(
If you got money they bout that porn star lifee!
You know what comes to mind when I watch senators sitting there?
Send some my way. Lol.
As I've been getting caught up on all the work I missed last week, I still haven't seen the #GameofThrones premier!
VA-"I'll have a sausage, egg, and cheese omelet" Waitress-"Yea they all have eggs, it's an omelet!"
lol you only said that cuz I said something smh
Beyond Scared Straight: The Psychological Abuse of Children in an Effort to Make Them Not Criminals
Back to Encinitas to shoot commercial property. Used The Photographer Emphemeris iPad app to map the sun movement. Saved a lot of time.
ok I sent it.
Everybody going seems like it
lol this is true
“: "Bakon Vodka" is a brand that produces bacon flavored vodka.” 100% disgusting
The first longest yard is funny as hell :)
Responding "those who live in glass houses" to someone you don't know who wrote "your an idiot"-Queen of Assholeland overkill or not?
Thanks for following my tweets. I promise to keep them short and sweet.
Sept 10 hosting@ Script/Overview Ontourage/Pepsi event Sept. 10th 10p.m-5a.m Host- Gio Opening act- Shayna Love Headliner- Andre B.
Momentum shifting back our way?
#TreasureTuesday here we go!
I hate to admit it, but it is really QUITE nice up here in the Dornsife Crisis Room
hope you had a good day boo :)
": My best friend >>>>> <3" That better be me bitch! Lol.
If buyers need to check the US real estate box, they’re investing in NYC, DC, or maybe San Francisco.
#SPOKANE RT Hello Spokane! We out here Tryna #Function Tonight w/ & , 's #DJKentot &
97 followers! Amazing! Keep it up! And new music is in the making....in the mean time keep rockin to "Girl I Used To Know" :)
We need some more cool badass golf wear, shoes and products! Come on golf companies! Innovate and use some creativity please!
Happy birthday (:
Who lives in Cali ? What time is it over there ? :).
WOW, I just got done running 4 miles... That felt so effing good!
HAHAHAHAHA! OH MY GOSH DOUBLE DEE UP HOES! IM DOLLY PARTON!!
thank you. I hope you are well.
Subtitle: "How to Make Found Objects Look Like Genitalia"
No prob. Tweeted you as soon as I saw.
What do you want to read about in upcoming issues of #chicitizen? Send news tips and story ideas to
ORCID phase 1 will not support IDs for institutions.
Dave Hester from #StorageWars might be my favorite person on earth. YUUUUPPP
Watching the injunction hearing re: budget bill etc. Strangely compelling. Judge very good, not "activist judge"
WHY DO YOU TELL ME TO GO TO SLEEP? YOUR NOT MY MOM.
Yawn RT : There's a lot of skepticism in #yankees camp whether rivera's retirement intentions are truly irrevocable.
Bachata Festival in New York? We are still on the fence about this. Same four steps for a whole weekend? 1, 2, 3, tap... and repeat. Boring
It's #tshirtthursday! Who wants a super-cool (and super-soft) REMAN U t-shirt? Reply with 3 words that best describe
good stuff bro. you have some arrington in you
Went to a Omaha strip club last night. I never seen such fuckery. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
push back to maintain position (not balance) - stopped pushing when there is no resistance
Belltown food tour! Happy Saturday.
That was the worst performance I have ever seen. Thanks nicki minaj for ruining music for me.
Yup u was mad cuz I wouldn't let u play....
So am I. Is it OK if I blame your dog too?
Headed to Santa Barbara for National College Access Network meeting. Looking forward to day of learning and networking.
#ThingsIveRealized Saying you love me don't mean a thing, IM from the Show Me State.
Well I did not go a day of college so not educated in the subject .And upset that he would kill himself for any reason .
Did anyone record my performance for the talent show??
Just wanted to say hello! took over the twitter on our laptop! gotta lolve it! we are having fun at this event!
WERE IN AN AIRPORT
recommendation = buy Dare to Repair. Easy home repairs including blocked up drains
Fast, durable, scalable, easy to use, flexible, and unique
A VERY special deal! Order a 4x4" mosaic for just $150, that INCLUDES shipping! Check out my website and send me an email for details!
is gonna be good but if comes with him they will be great
“: Thank you..for your support & encouragement the past few weeks. We will keep fighting to equality & #civilunions. #coleg”
lol who's that then?
Man i love when some of my favorite great bands comes out with new amazing music!!
We will not be open Sunday July 4th and Money July 5th for the holiday.
RT : Good Parenting Tips for Mom | Parenting 101 Success: Loren Ridinger a Senior Vice President of Marketamerica.c......
u pretty smart,... Lol
ok, I'm out of the loop here... What are Chicago's hunger games areas?
Thanks and Happy #FF to you!
I'll be in 1 big room, full of bad bi$tches!!!
Um, that has to be a travel or a foul.
Morning!! RT : Good morning!!
miss my besties we are hanging out tomorrow after my dreaded finals!!!! (:
Fans of THE WOODMANS, be sure to stop by starting 3/16 to see the special exhibition featuring the work of Francesca Woodman.
I'm no longer in the area, although I'd loved to party with #NASAtweetup folks.
Brutal. Wow. That hurts.
School sucks , to much work , and it's to early in the morning .
Being perfect is overrated, so stop trying! Just be yourself. :)
Sounds like a much better field! And with less spitting!
best sabbath tune too. Also looks great carved into a pumpkin... (did that after iraq invasion)
My bad. Everyone can do what they want. It's a 100% free country.
Did you attend NBC news education nation Denver? what did you think of the discussion?
We're on honorary degrees now...
Have to go back to the stupid old routine
yea yea sure u r
the kid i like
I watched 2 backpacks get turtled.... I helped in one.. #GuiltyByAssociation :(
Three cheers for using Twitter. ;)
Experience is a Bitter Teacher But a Fool will learn in No Other School.
Excited to shoot the Sexy Balloon Fashion Show at the Houston Halloween and Party Expo, next weekend.
I'm playing Dru's Place in Memphis tomorrow with Roxie Randle and Ashley McBryde. 8 PM $5 cover. Madison ave
Don't wait for the world to change, change it youself.
wow this is why I love baseball!
Last year for the people that work for hubby I found sets of those picture coasters for 1.99 per set
I have CDO. Its like OCD but in alphabetical order.
There are worse things to be doing on a Sat. morning than sitting in a faux-Parisian cafe and reading about AACR2.
Will.i.am and Mick Jagger - wasn't expecting that combo.
Weird? Daniel, did you forget? You live in San Francisco. And you're in the Mission! ;-)
Geeking out over teacher resource site analytics. Amazing how much numbers can tell you once you understand what they mean.
Congrats and on the NBC deal. Now what about radio ?? When can we hear the games with pre and post cov on radio
the perfect cup of coffee! The dc gov one is good too but I get the sense you want to focus on something more positive
happy bake cookies day
tell me how it tastes. I haven't had one before either lol
stop looking at me weird, man, or i'll pour acid in your eyes. and it won't be owsley.
Hope it's not too late to say we ejoyed participating in the fundraising walk 2 wkends ago w Great org/cause.
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Second time Duck defender drops an INT. Beavers saved by roughing the passer penalty to boot.
I want to start playing basketball again. I miss being on a basketball team :'(
Music I used to listen to brings back memories :)
Heehee I will!
Dr Jekyll is playing tonight against Orlando. Who is this Knicks team???
preach it, brother!
i havnt been on Twitter in like 4 months.... wats that?
Ignorance is bliss....... On to finish work!
It's official! Today we signed a new client who designs luxury watches for men! We're developing their brand, product launch and creating a…
so true. Outside political bubble the only question I get asked is: "who should I vote for, again?"
": If you haven't been inspired by get familiar!" Thanks Kendall!
Hmm. 3 of 4 of my tweets today cover deep thoughts on death and the definition of life. An unintended theme. HAPPY SUNDAY!
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. - Tony Robbins
what? its the same person -_- her name is Alice and her twitter username is ArianaNutella. i think its the same person
What about people who are exactly 40? #WhoMe?
you can guarantee that the yinzers will be screaming from the mountaintops that it's just like the past 19 years if he does...
Damn you autocorrect! Sorry bout that last tweet/post - It's my last DAY at work this week. Hello, Thur-Friday! (at , having fun)
Tigers love pepper. They hate cinnamon.
. I'm gonna take Roma Downey's "Angel Acting 101" class. R U? I hear Della Reese will guest teach.
hahaha and I STILL think yr great :)
I actually need a primary doctor. You interested?
Any day is a good, even if it is for one minute.
Hey Wes, make western NY proud tomorrow!! Good luck man! Go Cuse'!
Saw you on AJNews. Well presented.
Exquisite Hand Crafted Ornaments Agate Slices - Australian Animal Collection Available through www.veganvision.net
Home meet tomorrow, ah yeah :)
Anything good to say about this department of AT&T? I'd like to vent but that would be so unladylike and I'll regret it.
Been relaxing on vacation.... loving life lately!!
Black people can't dance.
I'm willing to loan out my floppies for a small fee* ; p * insurance required.
basically I'm set
oh i look foward to but that means we have to hang out
It's DERBY DAY!! Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty rita and a $10 sirloin as you watch the most exciting 2 minutes in sports!
Follow us on Twitter:
thanks for follow
What a book. That is easily one of my favorite books of all time. May have to include. We discussed, partly, Danticat's work.
Love it! Apparating for more Tampico! Lol. Once you master that, mind sharing the secret too? ;)
We got more Bounce in the Natti then! Seriously, where do they make dryer sheets? I should know this.
Whoa! Just heard "Tell me something good . . . " on and I immediately thought BOBBY! (in my best Whitney voice) too soon?
I think I'm gonna get the Pandora app!
it looks like my Power is Back Skip
I hear so many stories from friends that have the same experiences as you. I get jealous! Mine are vivid, just lame. Hahaha.
A hat is where it's at
Some artists do wardrobe changes, does guitar changes.
me too! we recorded it and should send the video out soon..
Somebody need to get hit lol
Second event this week I've gon to this week where someone has been proposed too I guess my life is
Just got tickets to American Reunion!! Going to dinner and a movie with
in the spirit of "J. Lo" your new nickname is "L. Mo"
don't get me wrong - show is at times still good; just seems a shadow of its former self
Senators should wear uniforms like Nascar drivers so we can identify their corporate sponsors.
I'm slightly concerned about possibility of quarantine w/ swine flu checks at every border xing. Officials don't like feverish Americans.
We're looking at dates in late February and a planning meeting soon - hope to get you involved!
Join us in celebrating National Volunteer Week 2012! How are you marking this #volunteer week?
thanks for the follow! I bet we know a lot of the same people from back east.
Hey Mary...just wanted to let you know that Sunday is the #Northcrest Tour of Homes. We'll have maps again down at the pool!
Why do people have fireworks? e.e
Going to be with my babe tonight <3
Um Blowed so it doesn't matter
I'm in the alcoholic Mafia haha
i appreciate slow movement, do you like #Yoga and #TaiChi ?
Can you believe it?! It's like 20 minutes from now!
Wishful thinking? ;)
Joseph wrote a great new tune. He played it for us last night.
We almost went with puppies. Almost.
I wonder if is coming to the NY Show
oh inside joke, huh bitch?
Cold out today. Wintaaaaah is heeeaaaahhhhhhh
thanks for sharing your notes.
I wanna go out to dinner today
..catch up + no longer rely on a cult/racial/relig. homog. which is no longer there. It is VALUES, not CHARACTERISTICS.
is having lunch at 'WichCraft after gettig out of the WWDC keynote.
Think you know someone and then you learn the real name
Our season ends this weekend with Miike's 'Ichi the Killer.' Come get your blood on!
Malpal.. I luff yew. so glad to someone that has the same taste in piercings, tattoos, and hair as me. :)
Having that teaching moment when the assignment is working, the students are self-motivated, and I'm only here as their consultant.
I am sick or have allegories but still sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Time for a morning jog
This is a big ass club just in unison lol
D'oh! FML!
Stereo BOHH- Gym Class
Oh my god i LOVE you! Please follow me? Ur really pretty by the way. RNG thats how we do it!(:
They're so good!
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. - Thomas Dewar
I sent you an email about www.urantia.org and more. I thought you would appreciate the 5th epochal revelation and we can talk...
Right now I really want to vista my #Facebook but my mom is using it <U+E403><U+E403>
Random stringed instrument question: What do you do with your old guitar / bass/ cello/ violin/ etc.. strings? Trash? Art? Second life?...
Time for another #Spooks episode. Now I only wish they had cast someone w/ a decent American accent as Sarah Caulfield!!
>Quote: Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
If I wanted a yellow car I would have bought one...
one of my childhood heros.
Cranking out a batch of Northern English Brown before class today. Now I'll be officially out of fermentors.
Renew your contract with any of the 4 major wireless carriers by logging into Blastoff and visiting our Wireless page!
Watching "Two and a Half Men" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So today definitely wasnt the best day... Cant wait till the weekend
Thanks friends for liking this page WE appreciate it
good choice everytime we visit napa it is on the list
Then for the first few days of the New Year do not sweep! You don't want to sweep away any of the good luck the New Year is bringing you!
my co-worker is emailing another co-worker to see if I've gotten an interview for a job we both applied for. Just ask me. sheesh.
we got Netflix
Mom allen
Critical thinking with logic and rationale concludes tax change known as #BuffetRule is common sense to sustain the countries okay statusquo
my stomach hurts and i want to go to bed. but no i have to go to tryouts. whatevveverrr
Any Bear items?
Wow...I was there at that time. I didn't see anything where I was.
Don't waste your life worrying. Love, laugh, sing, dance, and let God handle all your burdens and worries. — Philip Arnold
the best news I've ever heard!!!
come back to Orlando you whore<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
No. Not yet . Soon though.
#elder law, SOFA, society of financial awareness,complimentary consultation upon request.
IT'S BACK, WOW, When that happen???
Idk who this bitch is. But she's fucking with my sleep. And I will snatch her weave off.
Going to carve my punkin now!
Congrats King Midas! Everything you touch turns to gold :)
I can guarantee the Lakers win more games vs. Thunder than Clippers win vs. Spurs.
Soon it was over too soon. #Fables volume 16
Seniors its about that time to start preparing for Graduation! Still looking for a DJ? Book DJ On1 for your party today Email
She ain't gonna tie me down.
Yeah I bet you need my help
'We're being slaughtered': Syrians tell observers - World news ...
Why do people ask me to "follow" them, but have absolutely nothing about themselves on their profile? Share your story to get my interest!
Darn you
Is "twitcher" ever used in the US as slang for "avid bird-watcher"? I've never heard it.
If u get spam messages from me light weight loss or career crap, sorry! its spam, didnt send it my computer does it
Things I love that men do: holding your hand in public, writing you love notes, missing the toilet and pissing on your towels.......
I'm a self professed Tile Geek that has been lucky enough to be paid for my obsession. Ck out my linked-in.
i'm pretty good, how about you?
Everyone in my family is getting iphone 4s' but me ! What is this!?!
Come out to for the Soft Opening of the second Southern Girl Desserts store. Support
Happy opening day of the 2011 season, !
its the weekend
Hey guys, sometimes people write some crazy ish on sports message boards. Seriously.
Once agin eating a late dinner #lategrind#
taxpayers are now paying for Obama's campaign bus tour as well? Yay for us!
I've been home all day and just received an email that I missed an package. I go outside, no infotag. UPS is the worst.
Laws you are my boy til the day I die son.
I meant time warner cable
American Horror Story: Horror knocks boots with Soap Opera. I shouldn't like it as much as I do. But then Jessica Lange. And then whoa.
she went there o somebody got balls lmfaoo
the sad moment that u thinking u meet was only a dream....waaah:(
Some people want diamond rings, some just want everything. But everything means nothing if I ain't got you.
Good Thursday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy Friday Eve! I don't know about y'all, but I sure am ready for the weekend!
Just starting to regain my bearings after an epic bout of food poisoning on Friday afternoon.
It's time to go crazy in a positive way, and that means letting God be God of our lives!!
Man what yall got me out the way
If u think I'm fake cool. Idgaf cause I'm real. It's pathetic how people assume stuff.
you both need to realize I don't stalk your lives....and he's coming for kiss the summer hello
Good evening Thanks for being new followers and enjoy our twinning tweets
Pour a little on the curb for me, and enjoy some Tim's Cascade salt & vinegar chips while you're at it.
ill advised re-redux: picking up the victoria's secret swim suit catalog to flip through while savoring said ice cream.
Blazers Roy has arthroscopic surgery on both knees | KATU.com -
Feel good music >
Options fimd new $ or cut spending 93% of budget is salaries of 14000 employees doing work.
NEWPROJECT! is looking for models and a MUA to shoot on Monday, November 28 in LA for a Los Angeles Print Magazine.
That was amazing RT that concludes today's session of "Everyone on the Circulator is a Freak" Join next time 4 more people I h8
Why people argue about the games???
you inspire me
www.unrealspandex.com not spam
Union teachers: 9am tomororow -- learn how to non-violent protest -- cuz we know we never taught u that
Work crush quit... Two weeks notice to find a new one.
"Memories last forever, never do they die, Friends stick together and never really say Goodbye."
Fantastic! What a thrill to hear from you!
Karaoke as family time, Fun :)
M...yes, please.
R.I.P. 98.7 Kiss FM NYC. I can't remember when you didn't exist. You'll be missed whenever I'm driving and want to listen to some radio.
Can we pass a law making it ok to hit another car when the driver is a total ass on his cellphone causing traffic? Just a little bump?
okay, this looks much better than potbelly
Scott and the kids left early this morning for a half-day fishing excursion. Wonder what's for dinner tonight? Last pm was stuffed flounder.
'paul revere' and 'sabotage' were 500 ft home runs in hip hop..on complete opposite ends of the music spectrum..those kids..game changers
me either! <3 except, maybe meeting aaaannnd
I'm glad I could make your lunch day... Are you at the Walters or BMA?
You too! Don't hit those 'roids too hard!
..hard for them, its easier to simply disenfranchise us as if we do not exist at all, because we are 'in their way'...
Tight competition between Goodwin (68 points) and Muhammad (70 points). One round to go.
The concept of "war banners" in MMOs isn't even remotely unique to Guild Wars 2. >.>
Tomorrow is the last day of school.
Why would some guy with whom I shared a mutual dislike when we worked together 7 yrs ago suddenly want to be my FB friend?
We have the last middle school concert tomorrow.
I don't give two fucks about my exes, but it seems like everyone else thinks I am suppose to?
you can follow too you know...
Alex and Jack is trending
went out on the snowmobile yesterday - Trails were good - but lakes are VERY slushy in the Minocqua area - I recommend staying off the lakes
Next round of the Asian soup tournament at Chaya! Miso soup time (and being the girl in the octopus necklace, eating octopus, time).
IF U DA SHIIIITTTT IM SEWER RICH CAME TO FAR FROM IRRELEVANCE TO BE 2ND BENCHED
Exercise of the day: Ball Dumbbell Pullover - The Ball Dumbbell Pullover provides the perfect exercise movement to work both your Chest...
Hi everyone! We're happy to join Twitter!
Happy #SuperBowl Sunday everybody! Let's got Giants!
Ultimately- it's not what happens 'out there' that upsets you- it's what happens in your mind.
Poor, poor pitiful me: These young girls won't let me be; Lord have mercy on me.
My two favorite series are on the same day. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Saw Santa. Petted a brain-damaged woodchuck. And exchanged the $15 block of cheese my husband bought. Fun day. :-)
Don't bend what isn't broken, or try to fix something that doesn't need fixing.
I voted yes on the merger! Vote today! and members today for
lol then he's a fool = )
Today was 1 of those days that snaps u out of auto pilot, forces u to take a step back, reexamine & hope that tomorrow will be better.
#iGetRealMadWhen I stub my toe.
Reason 24 to love the BBA: Fundraising event in the area? The BBA’s sure to give their time & support.
I need inspiration! The right inspiration is excellent motivation.
Got those optimism blues.
Oh don't get smart lol sir RT : NOT A NICK NAME....THE ACTUAL NAME LOL
While I commend your performance and that of your compatriots, please try to keep such incredible work to a minimum.
stay schemin and yellow diamonds is so loud the windows breathing
Would Love to Direct a Music Video for You! I directed 2 Time Grammy Nomine Eric Roberson on the Video "SHE". Hit me Up!
who would be the guy at #WKU I could contact to send the highlight too?
so many interesting things going on.
Why do people sound so accusatory when they ask teachers if they're enjoying the snow days?
out with my girls who wants to get in on the fun :)
Great idea RT FYI #innotech #emktg summit. You know what would be great? The speakers' Twitter handles in the program ;-)
Haha, yeah. I went to a concert this summer but I didn't get to meet any of them so I definitely want to go again.
going to be late for work, can't stop listening to power ballads.
Surveys alone do not provide a clear picture of course success or failure. Interview faculty AND get into their courses.
DUDES! IM SUPER STOKED TO SEE YOU ALL ON 3/14! WE R GONA HAVE A BLAST!
On the whole and as a species, we're doing Twitter correctly.
find something interesting in your life and tell a story about it in less than 4 mins on paper..that's a start 4 you lyrically.
Don't forget to check out "2012" which Jay Sean recorded here at KMA! Here's a clip, put together by BET, of some of the work he's done.
Issa sayslaw student at Georgetown - a Cath university, and impacted by the policy - not qualified to testify about the policy
yes! I'm making my german watch it but she is playing on her phone ):
Truth be told I miss you, truth be told I'm lyin'. When you see my face hope it gives you hell,hope it gives you hell.
In class tired af
Waddup... How u
No school tomorrow !!
Hello New York.
Home sweet home. At least for now until next week. Then it's wheels up again, and off to Cleveland!
I love class of 2013 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Angel,omg <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
On Capitol Hill w/ Youth Leadership Team. Great meeting w/ Rep. Ackerman and his staff.
Im Ready To See #ASAP At Rtb, Cant Wait To Order My Tickets Satuday :DD
Skyrim won game of the year on #VGA , and Joker won character of the year. Fuck that shit. -jumps out open window-
#nowplaying off to the races - <3
Have fun - wish I could be there too!
ur food sounds good!!
What's gotten into the Washington Nationals, they have now won 6 in a row. This time overcoming a 5 - 0 deficit.
awe, shucks.
sup koo kid
Here we go! Let's #GoLakers!!!
Thanks for the mentions and RT's!
Haha Leslie is making fun of me
Pickup line of the day: Did you get those pants on sale? Because at my house they would be 100% off!
If you don't think I'm beautiful, you're wrong.
My bad lol... follow back
the theme dilemma: the theme is not actually the most important thing on your blog.
Quote of the night by "just buy a f*cking lamp!"
Bring your date to and let do most of the work for you tonight
where are you from?!
follow me, pretty please <3 (:
“: I want to know how this is cuddle weather. All rain does is make me tired, sad, and bitchy.”
... Especially freshmen.
Just finished our 1st #HealthLiteracy Train the Trainer w/ ! 10 new passionate health literacy trainers just entered the field!
Dreams Seem So Real^___^
Just watched The Avengers in IMAX 3D. I give it 10 stars out of 5!
My phone works:) I guess I haveA. Lucky phone
Congrats man!
Um, Bruce Campbell is guest starring in this episode of Hercules: The Legendary Journeys. This day/life just took a turn for the better!
hahaha wait how'd know that q was from me?
The most used word on my #TL right now: THIRST
this hazing shit at colleges has to stop. i was gonna join a sorority in college but never did after i saw how a friend was abused.
Great day! - taught 2 kids how to do their own laundry, made a great dinner, mind-mapped my new book, and received great info from my survey
FOUR auditions today, friends. All appointments too! Such a successful day. Tiring. But successful :o)
My wife had nightmares last night due to the potential suspense that "Prometheus" may contain. Hopefully she can handle IMAX 3D.
I shall be AFK until late night, so if you need me, DM me, and I'll respond much much later.
Oh no! site down! Need Fiona tkts!
You are AWESOME, RICK! Thanks for sharing your quotes with us... and thanks for YOUR RTs:) Have a lovely Sunday!...
WooHoo...it's about time lady! Enjoy! :)
yo ass wrong for not resopnding
if all the casting directors switched bodies with the homeless for just ONE day, i might start getting noticed in this city :)
#46. i love the color blue
somebody come slide on me and my brogod
can we be serious?
I miss my friends and to my boyfriiend !!!!!
just had rehearsal for a public reading coming up in a couple of weeks. Check out the details at www.appetitetheatre.com!
I'm built for more. I can take it.
Great to see the guys with beers in their hands helping Phil look for his ball.
I'm up, haven't gone to bed yet. And the answer is the winnipeg blue bombers of course.
#WheniWasYounger, I used to think one of the golden girls was a boy O.O
Rolling Stones museum opens in German town
Getting ready for the Impossible 19th Century : ghosts, electricity, speculative fiction, and Father Mapple!
tPB has it right. Penguins needed to add at deadline. Prices were steep, yes, but, we need 2 veteran Dmen and a backup. Plus a crash/bang F.
Well, you miss seeing anyone at Blockbuster LOL. Cinci is good, I'll be back this weekend, so you better be at church!
Why choose 4M for your insurance needs? Simple. Because we work for you, not for the insurance company. Don't sign anything till you call 4M
I'm so sorry!!! That's awful!
RT : Grey's Anatomy is the greatest show ever.
Check out my exclusive hit single "Pocket Full Of Money" /youngbravo1 Meeting with two A&Rs next week!
your four square tweets are getting excessive. #superuser status? Really? Haha
Whoo hoo! My favorite #DWTS couple this season is safe! Yay! And they know who they are! Now if my 2nd favorite couple is safe, whoo hoo 2!
15 years since B.I.G died, another event that makes me feel old. I believe I was in Europe, getting ready for Bosnia.
LPA Video tour is a great idea, one we've been thinking about for a while. Hope to make it happen in the new year!
Making pizzelles with the whole family :)
Hey, I lost my voice the first time in my life. Cool, cold.
Olympian talks about her snowboarding failures! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
Really craving a "good" agua de horchata.
aw did you dedicate that to me? You're so sweet Liban ! lol
Wait we're in a relationship but you didnt even say goodbye not even a hug what kind of bf does that! #NoLie smfh
Right up my alley: Social's Role in TV Buying.
so much going around today about consumer spending for the holidays. Customer service is going to be key.
I say it's a krakken.
shut up hater and get ya life!!!!!! hahahah luv ya <3
It's icy and I was on the road. I love 4x4s!
Sometimes i cant sleep cuz im worried about what Abby from Dance Moms is up to. Any advice?
he should be starstruck by you!
haha WHORE?! whatchuu talkin bout B I T C H<3 haha I do love you, I do.
Why are all the artist now involved in some type of scandal
Reading 'Don't Blink' by Patterson/Roughan. They really keep a story moving and sucking me in.
Out of 371728639193 people, I'm completely content with just 1 friend. 1 soul, 1 friendship that I know is true & can count on.
“: Bout to knock my second final out at 530 ! Lets go.”
Minor injuries and no power for Lamar & Wiley after 2-3 tornados touchdown overnight. At least 7 building damaged or destroyed.
i refuse to let anyone make a fool of me
Is a luxury caviar spread a good gift to send someone with impeccable taste?
. when did VAN become a verb? As in "I don't Facebook, but I VAN them?"
In fact, every time I see it, I throw my fist around wildly just to see how much of the snowstorm I can punch.
Working on songs for the EP and the new full length album soon. Everything is taking a lot longer than I planned but that's okay it...
A little bummed as I realize the role in "Title of Show" that I fit best is... Susan. Wah wah.
When you are looking for a lover to solve your problems, that is the biggest problem of all.
ooh!! There ya go! I love a drastic change. Do it!
Don't forget to visit the Hot Singles Nomination Party tonight at Ibiza to nominate yourself, or a friend, for our annual singles issue.
Four hour drive to see my sister (: yay!
Rock on JB...
I can't wait until you guys decide to team up and fight crime.
Hosting the Justin Bieber album playback.. Scooter just played me the drake track. Yeah dem next level ones...
IF YOU FOLLOW ILL FOLLOW YOU BACK!!!!!!
it was a complement to 's success! My bad!
did you you know that starships are meant to fly? agrees with nicki minaj.
#dtc354 every time i read about "temporal" in regards to pervasive games I have to go back and reread what it means. what is it again?
Pilates is a safe and highly effective way to stretch, strengthen & streamline your body w/out building bulk or stressing your joints.
What you want? Country.. lol
Thanks for the follow :)
Sorry for you. Getting the same thing. I just smile and node.
OMG I LOVE YOUR ACTING. ESPECIALLY IN WILD CHILD. LOVE YOU. PLEASE FOLLOW. <3
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the women who are single parents and getting the job done.
tired, but up
Mr. President, you're STILL not hearing what the people you were elected to SERVE are saying! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
4 Year old little boys these days lol......
Went to #Subway today didn't know it was #FreeCookieDay and didnt receive or even get offered a free cookie!!!
Is it a good story? I'm a former Milwaukeean.
just having my amazing lunch lol
Good morning :)
let me know when
Hey Nick! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
that does not deserve respect, sorry. She makes this fan base look like absolute trash. No need for it...
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for #LikeArt & other current shows here:
Nice one blake , you still a bitch tho
The sunshine has broken out in Rock Hill and it is so glorious! Full on beauty! The Creator ~ showing off His handiwork again! Love it!
Thanks to all who came out last night, the patio was packed day to night! Today we open at 10am for brunch and stay open all night
the vitamix is the most important tool in my kitchen!
"I quit playing beer pong when I turned 30." Congrats on your first #TPRism Many more to come...
can u follow me so i can dm? Its personal
yeah! it's pretty good even though they massacre some Beatles songs
Maybe Carroll spaced it wrong, and its "big new spending for the mets..."?
Definitely. Had to deal with a terrible zone.
Me: "I might have a fling." : "Does he have a beard?" Me: "Is that a real question?"
Can't help you there. I'm the king of fingerprints. I can turn matte glossy, it's disgusting.
You need to be on modern family in a recurring or major role. They don't have any blacks on the show!
RT There's a Open University vid - do you know how many miles your bottle of water traveled? #watertweets <- we'll check it out!
Zarletti is closed tonight. We are hosting a private dinner party.
Thanks for the mention my friend. Have a Happy Thursday!
God-fearing vegetables RULE!!! Kids... if you eat your veggies you're a murderer...
The girl next to me in this mtg better stop click clacking away on her blackberry or I'm gonna throw it across the room
i may not see you but in my heart theres allways a picture of you.
Spend the 1st day of Spring here!
Commission votes to retain the firms of Morrison and Forrester and Gibson, Dunn and Crutcher for any post map litigation.
Grimulerrraaaa FRESH POTS!!!!!!
looking for a designer for the next shirt. hit me up!
trying to register my car &i didn't bring all the paperwork i needed "/
Just got done watching lock out and that movie sucked the biggest donkey Dick ever !!!!
bet u wish u were watching #bsg!
Just kidding i just like you as a friend
I'm sexy and I know it!!
Aw thanks for the RT!
May the lights of Hanukkah usher in a better world for all humankind.
My friend is in love and that makes me really happy.
I am an Epic burger judge! Let me know if you need volunteers!
I guess my shaking is working?
too many things on #tv tonight
Who would believe you did meth? I'm sure you're not THAT cheap. (;
#Replace1DSongsWithNandos that's what makes Nando's beautiful
Everybody go followw my Louisiana boyy, :) he is a amazing singerr, & we r both from LA, pretty awesomme, :) <3
great minds think alike!
So i decided that i wantd to go to sleep early cause im reallyreallyreally tired & ihave camp tomorrow, but then my ex decides to textme -_-
Happy birthday Jesus
Have a safe trip back Thank you so much for visiting the museum yesterday. We are lucky to have you as our friend.
If he doesnt make you priority sure as hell dont let him make you just an option.
the line up is pretty good this year
Taking Fridah to the American Girl store today. She is very excited. Loving the look on her face.
Is thinking of the days when Soul Glo would have been a true fad...
Whoa, that's weird. O.o
give me some VIP ill rock them lol
and then in San Fran you got Anchor, 21st Amendment, Speakeasy
Hey, I can't ALWAYS be expected to be at the top of my game..
Love my <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9> mom's cooking !! Always good to visit home! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0> !!
": Remember that every end is also a beginning."
All lanes close I-64 East Bound just west of exit 167 (Oilville Road/rt. 671) Drivers should exit at 159/ Gum Spring and use RT 250 East.
Thank you Nancy for your efforts in equality. You're appreciated!
God im horny i need to fuck
Ugh I don't want to work
I am Winterhawk fan, but even I can appreciate the wonderful season and job Cal did this year.
This summer makes our third year.
U tall drank of water U! ;-) Thanks for coming to GA! U were/are
chick corea - return to forever.
TODAYBIS FRIDAY 13th FIRST OF THIS YR.....SO I BEN HAVN BAD LUCK BFO DIS BITCH CAME ALONG!!!!!
Oh. LOL. Do they not sell it in your area?
#FF <~~~~follow this beautiful lady :D
You need me to copy the info I sent you in an email and paste it into Word doc and attach it to an email to send to you again? What?!
you're welcome, L!
We would love to feature you in our men's section of our new women mag !!! Have a good day!
Can I have a hug?
Stimulate your mind
me too! it's the best meal of the year for sure.
Another beautiful winter day in Chicago: horizontal sleet and snow, patches of ice everywhere, back to freezing freaking cold. Ugh!
You know you bad !
A day without sunshine is like, . . . you know, night
haha I laugh..I did nothing to you&im don't know you so there's no reason for you to hate on me.
Maxwell Drew Johnson... what kind of fool would name their daughter this? Oh, Jessica Simpson.
& the push to specialze does'nt pan out either. One of my rejections basically said nobody cares abt Scottish Enlightenment Sorry Im dpressd
Game day for my team is tomorrow--today's the no-pads walkthrough. #GREgetsitdone RT : Game day. Let's do work.
Whew! Now I have that dog-in-the-snow smell.......
come back!
Listening to speak and explaining how his cochlea implant works-fascinating!
What about the trivia winner?
That is so great. Hope you all have an amazing stay and thx for introducing your peeps to Kimpton. We love new friends!
I'd go see them if Dr. Dre and Snopp Dogg toured with 3D Tupac. , make it happen.
I had a cheeseburger and nuggets from wendy for breakfast... Lmao#BIG GIRL TWEET...LOL
So happy you could come!
Is this where we meet for the USA Women's Soccer Team Bandwagon?
My Top 6 Favorite Live Funk/Soul Bands Of All-Time: 1). The Bar-Kays 2). Cameo 3). Lakeside 4). Slave 5). Rick James 6). Con-Funk-Shun
oomf told me next year we're breaking up .. thanks for the heads up ^.^
“ "When the Devil thought he won when Jesus was in Hell, he celebrated.... "
nothing much. Just bored haha
follow back? :).
LETS GO!!
Time for
don't know how I feel about the Bitchin Kitchen host. Her accent has toned down a lot since ep 1, but still needs work... :/
One time for the
Up early!
Wow, thxs! MT : “: /Bob really enjoyed #green #energy” More #EV drive, listening!
I know he just picked texans pat afc champ game
#NP Perfect cover by Austin Mahone
#SometimesIWonder why I never get retweeted...
thanks for calling me tan girl
sorry you got the boot mama
Really a bear at McDonalds? Isnt it usually a clown?
When I ask you to listen to a song, it`s because the lyrics mean everything I`m trying to say to you.
I got spam fro u lol
This is why a 16 has never beat a 1.
Looking for great places to hang out in the Belltown area of Seattle. Anyone have any ideas?
Jackson Browne and Rob Wasserman just performed "You Know The night"...the full 15 minute version. Now The Flaming Lips...
so hysterical lmfao. when they go over there I'm sure she's gonna tell you about it lol
really.... really o.o REALLY... okay :'D
um, I don't think that is the avatar to which I am accustomed, and I've made my thoughts on the subject clear in my bio
I been saying damn you Miami all week.
#sleepy Tomorrow travel to #Warsaw, another #funeral. It's killing me.. God why?
M. Cafe Istanbul. Oh so delicious!
this is u! Haha RT : What starts with P and ends with ORN? Popcorn you pervert....
google the word "askew" and watch what happens
you had to hear how I said it. I mean like I thought so! I thought it was Madonna
Tebow...I'm convinced. Go Broncs!
guilty as charges! I tweet for both, is that double dipping, haha! ~LE
Take-away from Bill Keller
The vision started from a universal branded debit card, say KOHL'S cards discounts, One Card for all stores, but works individual campaigns!
AdMob will be hosting drinks after dinner in the Kasbah Suite #1 tonight. The suite is just east of where cocktails were last night
agreed regarding the ending to ME2 - the 2nd part of a Trilogy always ends with a bucket of lame. But yes, still awesome.
There are some people that make you feel like family and those that reall are. She's both to me #FollowFriday (via )
If you can't forget the past, think more into your future.
"When preparation meets opportunity, you have Success!" Coach Herb Brooks (1980 USA Olympic Hockey Team-Gold Medal)
it still haunts me to this day of what was in that bag
"death before Jack Johnson." -
But trolling and sick minds go hand in hand. I don't have time for such people or entities. :)
Male Player = Female Hoe
so cool! Loved talking to you
I miss you too jai ! I think u should come back and visit all off ur friends :)
AMAZING! is STILL going strong !!! 12 o clock here we come
I UNDERSTAND THAT PEOPLE ARE BUYING FRIENDS & FOLLOWERS... I WON'T KNOCK THE HUSTLE... BUT IS IT REALLY THAT SERIOUS??? ;-\
Fucked up my wrist...got into it wit my dad nd now I can't find my id so no school for me today..... *frowns face*
#Insanity Sundays just got a little bit crazier- we're bringing #P90X into the mix! Check out all the madness each week at 10am!
Good morning New Orleans. It's time to meet brought to you from
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before.
Today is my two-year anniversary at The Warhol Museum.
Bad witness? I can
U.S.A, the state of missouri:)
“: My relationship is like an iPad. I don’t have an iPad.”
"She dont like dark niggas" Sounds like something i should write about
Makin eggs & bacon for & I
thank you for sharing our deal!
Nothing to do tonight...
ag!! im trying to call u!! can u meet me and sara at eliot by 8 por favor??
busy day tomorrow an tired as heck right now
no problem! :)
Perfect day for a BBQ - 78 degrees out today in Houston. These winters are tough.
April fools?
that beat is hot I was writing some stuff to it
Great reception to celebrate your new office. Thanks for all the fantastic work to prep NYC kids for tomorrows opportunities!
tonight's prediction?
Thank you so much for the RT!
hahahaa!! I've done that before, no worries!!
Reading the Godfather...geez
HEY MAL....Hope the BEAUTIFUL LADY has a BEAUTIFUL DAY in France.....!!
31 hours to the biggest celebration of #DCtheatre all year... the Helen Hayes Awards! Follow the fun at
Good morning everyone (good morning mentions please )
I haven't seen that one maybe I should
#nowwatching Mary Mary on :D
Leavin on a jet plane....I don't konw when I'll be back again..leavin... on a j.....
as in the stupid hoe best friend ? Or my legit best friend
Don't let the joysponge ruin a good idea.
Sundresses are great for the summer. You get a nice even tan on your shoulders, etc. Just not appropriate for work.
One more day of vacation, one more day of crappy coffee. I miss my
So the top story in CT is...a stolen puppy. But it was almost 1000 bucks. Still, must be a slow day in the news.
It's gonna take me a life to get me away from you
and your my fuckin best friend i love you!!
Buying some prezzies at the Recoleta fair
Yes it has lol and I am alive!
Tick you are the true Avenger of evil, even if you are not in the movie.
When you whisper in my ear the cutes things that lights up my face with a smile >>>>>>
Today Game Was Interesting…10+
I ate Sushi for the first time...look at me being all adventurous!
Whoever does the next #libday. Just use that tweet...
#replacebandnameswithboner Cold Boner
Good seeing you yesterday bro... Let's keep in touch!!! Don't forget to send those masters too when you get a chance!!!
Listening to at
The fall colors are definitely popping. Great ride back north from Illinois today. Beautiful day!
- Welcome! Thanks for following! I have to check out your bakery someday! Happy Easter! Robin Lynch Aerialist
We have a winner RT ": So...Facebook has a bad product that generates $4bn. That's bc of scale."
this is why im hot =D
How about a windchill of -2?
Gonna play some basketball..need to blow off some steam.
nice!!!! (although you're on here enough, so you definitely deserve it)!
Grim RT : Cousins drafted to be Mr. August and traded in a couple years.
Omfg "my strange addiction" is so fucking weird! Those ppl need help!!!! serious help!
Catch me in that tinted Caddy with a bitch from Cincinnati.
RT : You can't get a lot done when you only work on the days you feel good!! Keep grinding..
Montana was replaced with the league MVP. How is that similar?
Moving cody into the apartment today! Big thanks to Whitehorn and
RT : Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it-Dwight Eisenhow
As crude as it sounds, that'll be a great trick for my next backpacking trip. Thanks!
big surprise the GOP news network (FOX NEWS) poll has mccain as 82% winner - while every other news outlet has obama at 60% or better
you need a big game from DREW!
you've got a face for a smile you know A shame you waste it when you're breaking me slowly But I've got a world of chances for you
So where are people staying for the conference? ?
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet? It would mean a lot to me!!(:
Haha! If I had to choose 2 celebs it would be Miley and Demi or Demi and Carly haha ;)
Girlfriend Girlfriend, I can be ur girlfriend. I can be your girlfriend until the fucking world ends.<U+2665>
After 8 years I'm ready to say goodbye RT : no more mini?!
I usually recommend Sunday dinner, check out Third Ward Cafe for a great Italian meal.
Rock the Red tomorrow night!!! Celebrate the CAPS making the playoffs tomorrow night !!! S/O to !!
#WeAreNotCoolBecause because I said so..and that's the way it is
i can tell spring break is going to be great...nothing to do feels awesome!
Please turn on Modern Family
Just met the fascinating woman
I had this great idea earlier and was going to craft a stellar tweet about it. I lost it. I feel like Kinsey on Madmen, season 3. Anyone?
Don't miss Dancing Earth at the National Hispanic Cultural Center tonight and tomorrow. Why yes, I will be playing.
Not bad. The adults were caricatures while the kids were fully realized. Refreshing. not a bad monster movie at all.
I only have 4 styles of hair extensions
i only have to go to school 9 more days..
& the Voice. T^T
OMG!! finally woke up(:
heck yes
WOW! You need to be on this call 646-519-5860 Code: 64630#
Just the opposite...it makes me want to Creative Commons-ify everything. Stealing is harder when you already gave it away.
And at what age will you start writing screenplays?
The production of the show was great. He really puts on a full show. I saw him in Miami, Jacksonville and Orlando.
Don't believe everything a lawn guy tells you
#BrandCOS Doug Price says: People in Colorado Springs are tired of being branded by the national media. We want to go on the offense.
#villain. bring them in, show them the truth
The people are really what make Ball State special - will miss you seniors!
I'm gonna die on this ride..
Ohio Beauty Institute Change Your Career in Less Than 1 Year at the Aveda Beauty Institute!
I didn't realize that part... Makes the 'did [he] have a great time' a no brainer...
I can't believe is missing this...
Hey I sent u that email
Security Recruitment services
thanks lady
Over it and done
wired 3 cups of coffee and I couldn't sleep if I wanted to.
RIP MCA. So sad.
Lazy afternoon...Uggh, somebody wake me up!
Hope you enjoyed the video Susan!
not yet. i know im taking a chance but i may not
frustrated by folks' unwillingness to do what's needed for work... if you want it work for it. don't EXPECT & do nothing! I'm trying to help
it was an HONOR to drive home today
#wtfwasyouthinking with that bad ass english! it should be "WERE"
Took a class in college, just now getting back into it!
Less vs. Fewer. Learn the difference advertising copywriters.
Michael Jackson's kids look EXACTLY like him. Spitting image, am I right?
What's with e-edition? Why should print subscribers have 2 pay extra? Use the New Yorker model & offer it to us for free!
artichokes for breakfast :) yum!
Every time I hire bloggers I receive 90% irrelevant pitches. Please tailor your pitch to the posting. Don't waste my time and patience.
thank you. Just reading it in the LLE systems operations manual lol
happy mothers day to my mom and all the moms out there! I dont know where I'd be without her
Welcome to your new home Birk. So happy to have you here in Baltimore. You will love it.
What's everyone doing after Whitney's funeral? I'm going to be performing with Ladies & Gentlemen at 7pm! Special guest: Günther.
worst day of my life....
btw this isnt my account luz made it and me,mindy and her share it;)
Am I good enough for my crush?
Boy meets world marathon...Yup!
Thank you for the hit
I #DVR everything that I watch now. I don't do commercials.
amazing night =]
you sure
how have you been
Ah. Well. Go your team
#RETWEET FOR A #S/O
US will invest in Bengal, says Mamata
I will but am really go n out ther to do music
Anyone else think the #DCdelegates #DNC ballot is a hot mess? There will so many DQ'ed ballots. Plus it's gonna rain. It will be a mess!
is grateful that #UW puts spare tires in their fleet cars. Now, how about a lug wrench?
one day & ill be driving to wisconsin
cleanin my room and blasting the music :)
If I hear the phrase "wheelhouse" one more f'n time
Of Course :L
they were saying last night that St. Louis was closer to KY than ATL <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
George Hill scored last 9 pts for Pacers.
lol I'm trying
claims he is still a hockey player after winning the
Joking; pointing out that you'll need tax breaks like big developers RT : I never make campaign contributions.
Every breath, Every hour has come to this, One step closer.
I could live a happy and fulfilling life off of cheez its and sweet tea
I could Never stay Mad at You
Love and Lust; dont confuse the two.
ellie is so unattractive
playing Spec Ops the line demo i realized is the kevin bacon of the nerd universe.linked to many games& epic toons!
Most people give up without realizing they almost made it, you've gotten this far so don't give up!!
Thank you so much for the RT! Glad you enjoyed the content
Chicago, you were great.
Right back 'atcha! #FF Follow to stay up to date with great advice, research, and offerings from EDUCAUSE!
now following this kiddo>>>>>
RT : An “amazing” view of Santiago Calatrava’s addition to the Milwaukee Art Museum, ... ZAGAT
i need to find some more mahomies to follow :)
How much of an adjustment has the NFL been for Tyrell, particularly now that he returns kicks? He had 1 kick return at NU.
#TwitterPause i'll be back in a moment :)
On a brighter note I have never felt more clean. Best shower ever
The only other people to knife a guy in his first term were fictional pariahs that put someone in a coma
thanks for willing the score to 2-0...even if it was for only 38 seconds! Bring on the Devils!
I love the hats! And I love old lady dresses! Just wondering why? Why both old lady dress and big hats but no make-up? Only allwd 2 out of3?
": Dear Parents, You should be nice to your kids, were the ones who choose which nursing home you go into."
for a moment I thought I'd see a pic of the 2 fat ladies adding more butter :)
check your DMs!!
Won't be at red rooster tonight due to cold
If you have to learn to pick yourself up by the bootstraps, you better have some nice biceps when you're done
at least you have a great golf outfit!
the person who actually does the crime on law & order is usually a weirdo, a nerd, or a serial killer.
Charging my phone at the movies. I feel at home.
Encourage them to offer opinions/groupthink. Or join some who do. May be hard cuz they're friends, but its your edu #2¢
how much are tickets now that the venue has changed???
I don't believe you can. Last I knew, it was in some sort of order in which you followed them.
you can even check my old twitter and it says my name
thinking about facebook as site of folk knowledge.
The Library of Congress adds 10,000 new items to its collections each DAY! Happy National Library Week!
Sometimes I like to pretend you guys are real.
truth but once you get it all out there and your over it, it'll make your bond that much stronger
w I always feel like I miss out when I leave.
"Way to go Priya, for once he doesn't look like a mannequin in the little boys department."- Penny
Bought a bunny for Easter, but then I got way too stoned and ate all the chocolate before I could pour it on the little fucker.
trick or treater had a BOB SANDERS w/cruch and FAVRE w/sling on! LMAO
yuck no smacking of food while u eat
I know you like coffee come and experience #latte upon opening follow me to find out when and where
Had a great time volunteering with :)
Just because is wary of capitalists _and_ motherhood is no reason to imply he isn't still a
yuppers!! Still no treadmill in my damn apt! But 2 ellipitcals!
Loving so far? Let's make it better with food pairing tomorrow at 7.
13 hours to go till game time CWO
Seth is right. So many tools for journaling and curating--but is your art worthy of preservation?
I need a massagee!!
I'll be far worse than last time u saw me play, remember I've been skating in a league of Craig's for the last 4 1/2 years!!
Blowing down with two white girls <3
RT : Buy Ohio, Feed Ohio is back! We donate 10% from the sale of 75 Ohio items to the Mid-Ohio Foodbank between now & 12/31....
The US Attorney in Louisiana has just been informed that the Saints GM could listen to opposing teams in their lockeroom from 2002-04.
RT : So how were the gummy bears? #PRSMS --> Who wants to let know how the snacks were?
Whatever you do... Don't put a Hershey's Kiss in your jeans pocket, play drums for 2 hours, and then forget about the Hershey's Kiss.
No. Thank you for listening.
BMSPF~33's up! SHE MOVES SO EASILY
At children's hospital yay :)
Actually my doctor said I should try & go tomorrow and she said im not contagious. But yeah only if I feel up to it
of course. That's what we pride ourselves on.
Life is, more than anything, trash cans sitting in the last open parking spot.
I can love Alex too
Taylor Gang or have Steph Curry ankles.
I just heard if I could do it again on my iPhone and thought about you!! Hope you are doing great! Miss ya!
it was a little bit of a shock at first but nothing can prepare you for NYC haha. Sure I'd show you around.
Another year is wrapping up, reminding us that providing our Eastside residents with a place to call home, and a community of which to...
I swear this summer will be big for me.
o awesome pic!
Forgot to mention this in the press conference, but we will not be playing with nor have a defense. Useless since we'll score every time.
I'm up
RT : Woo, Go Roxanne! (She's a good friend!) :)
Grandma cooked gumbo>>>>>>
Everybody wake up!
Subconsciously, I feel inept at anything as it may seem doubtful.
When you change for the better, some niggas stop coming around.
Keep the fucking ball out of Tony Allen's hands. Morons.
Um, please take Mr. Magorium off of my pillows?
See you then!!!
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
such an inspirational quote.
Me: why do you keep so much money in your desk at school? Mr. Russo: to buy weed
because of "Caillou"!
I just wanted too see you today...
Was hoping to not have to say the same 3 words I've said for 37 yrs now but "Maybe Next Year"
2 more to 200!!! :) Help us #findacure and follow us! Do it for :)
Happy New Year Everyone!
School. -_- sleepy from watching harry potter all weekend.
Thanks. Really enjoyed it, esp hearing about your childhood.
instead i need to mindlessly memorize shit only to later forget it and then memorize it again
As much as I hate sand being in everything I own....I can't complain....:)
Sometimes I wish I could give this woman a piece of my mind !!!
Welcome! RT OH: Man, I think it's an adventure if I can match my socks in the morning.
"shaman syndrome"
Its always a sad moment when you finish the last of the Thanksgiving leftovers
no problem, bryan! that's what's buddies are for!
Welcome! Thanks for the support! Best of luck to you! Look forward to seeing you on the feed!
“: A lot of people are finally realizing that ESPN is completely worthless.” I stopped caring about ESPN when they dropped the NHL.
I hear ya. There will NEVER be a constitutional amendment that will be ratified. States, another story
Wow. 5-2. And another thoroughly Theo goal. Loving this. Just loving it. Karma, you diving cheater Bale
happy gobble gobble :)
I haven't seen it yet!
The eyes wont hide what the lips wont say
wats so good bout tha shirt....swag??
haha I know I know.
Baby i hear melodies when your heart beats.<U+2665>
watching NEVER SAY NEVER! everytime i watch it i feel so inspired! makes me realize he is a reg. kid living his dream!
at any rate the us is seeking jail time, they don't want to make him a martyr, it will only fuel the fire
Of course the one day i need to be 100% im sick
had a awesome day
can you say polynomic to a lawmaker? Carter Butts - "I can say it to anyone!" Healthy academic debate - love it!
Kaleidoscope adds more TVs to their patio and now has NFL Sunday ticket. Could be a dangerous combo...
Tonight is Kid’s Night with 99¢ Kid’s Meal and FREE mini-pumpkins to decorate at all Colorado Applebee’s!
In the mood for ramen and i have none v.v
I don't know how to be fine when I'm not.
we at right meow, not sure where we headin after
well I'm all yours then stud!
of course i will check out bubblegumboy because it is a great song and you are a great person : )
My nuts is hot
Seriously!! On a different note, are going to the beach house on #MemorialDay?
so glad my sister is going to an all girls catholic school next semester
amel larrieux and because is sholl needed them today. and they came through
#funmath Great tweets from today's K-2 teachers re: Teaching Student-Centered Mathematics! Educators... RT ur favorite! :)
is going to teach Paul Robeson's "My Answer" (1949) as part of a job interview tomorrow. Should be a blast.
"Black Gold" for the Conscious Movie this month... good opportunity to invite my baristas!
50% Boxwire Skybox Plan! Spread the word, save 50% off any plan! For a Limited Time! Discount Code: BOX2011
these headphones are a piece of shit
I wish I was sleeping :(
RT“ Sorry but if a #pisces is in love with you then we CANT SETTLE FOR BEING FRIENDS”
ugh me too. NOT a good look.
Get a U-Haul!
I'll take over!! How much?
#AmericanDad may be the meanest show I've ever seen
was just there....place was insane....tonight will be off the calbert
haha very impressed that u recognized it
I was there. I'm in DC, a few blocks from the White House. I was worried it was something much worse...
Fun with girls tonight!
If you have any winter storm photos you'd like to share, we'd love to see them! Either post them here or tag us in the photo!
Busy busy week coming up soon. Everything is happening so fast.
#holyshit- how did u know
just today?! your always adorable!!!
RT : We are excited 2 announce the website 4 the Model Systems Knowledge Translation Center (MSKTC) is now live!...
to testify next.
We got to see one of the best shows at #SXSW... of followed by be sure to check these kids out
Thanks for sharing the link to my survey! I appreciate it very much.
good strategy! would also make a good drinking game, if I were to, u know, play those things... ;)
How is life treating my dear friends?
yea..being the nice guy never works
Bummed i'm not in Hollywood at the House of Blues supporting my boys. Good thing i'll see em on Dec 11 :]
#Oklahomans should be embarrassed to allow to win their primary. Guess they want to live in a #theocracy?
Kick ass job Eagle Creek & Castelton Boot Campers this morning! don't forget about the Sat/9am/$5 bucks class!
Im hoping longer-form storytelling and serialization are experimented with
win me over<3
GRAND OPENING TONIGHT!!! Come check out The Belmont Tavern for our Grand Opening just in time for the 1st Jazz in the Park of the season!!
Ouch! Selfishly glad you forgot about that. :) Awesome hanging w you and !
Tune in tonight to 's Fri. Night Flava hosted by C-Lo! Dope mixes from your fav DJ's. The official start to your weekend!
What happens when you get access to cable TV? You watch old, terrible movies on BET like Hot Boyz starring Master P.
Don't buy COKE! Democrats needs there fraud votes! Don't buy COKE! Democrats needs there fraud votes! This COKE tastes great DemDirtBags!
Has anyone jail broke their iPhone?
high five!
"High 5ing al the fans on the way out" who are you, ?
Lunch with lo !
To become the best, you have to go against the best.
RT : We need to figure out how to circulate apps or we&#39;ll be where we are with ebooks
shit, is that tonight? I thought I couldn't make it, but then my plans for tonight got cancelled.
Getting ready for #DIRTYCASH tonight Rumor has it Mo may spin the new Malik Work single!!!
Just listened to the last #StitchIt podcast by . Little sad, but best of luck to you Meghan.
aaaaacckkkkk “: Four minutes to glory. #cf97”
It is so beautiful outside! Who wants to go lay under the stars with me? lol
#ff I would feel honored to be followed by you to also
Today at Eagle Creek Park: Get into the spirit of the season by making ornaments with natural material. $4
Be sure to follow my iPhone game !
I hate how my retail job is consuming most of my life. I need to make more money NOW but with something else.
Maybe I should rephrase - what about during the reception? I've done that with other guests. Or I think I have...
so its been good?
There's this program that you get to help people out. We're training down town in a 5 star hotel. Oh how i love perks! lol!!!!!
lol its funny to hear someone say "its mot you, its me"
Going home to study for my test & hopefully I don't get yelled at for no reason again...I really don't need it. Not tonight, not any night.
Ikr! If you hear any reasons, tell me!
Hey Gurlz I Love The Song Skyscrapper Also My Friend GRANDer_ICONiac She Has It on Replay Lol Great Job(:
"You got beef bro?!" "nah man I'm a vegetarian..."
I tried to install your forums plugin and I can't get past some error - "app/models/behaviors/utils.sluggable.php"
Woo Hoo! One of the world's top Global 2000 Advertisers now has Meteor's Tag & Trace engine deployed on their entire site!
Thanks for the RT, Tom!
#KSsynapse (UT-Southwestern) will discuss the mechanism underlying fast-acting anti-depressant effects of "Special K."
Stephanie Mandela is fantastic asset to Katonah Village Library. I thought she was MR but wld also like tooth fairy!
Wow...Florence should have at least made that call tough for the ref to make...
did u try soccer.com?
I miss my sweet boyfriend Tuesday cannot come soon enough.
Listening to Doyle Bramhall Fitchburg Street CD and celebrating a great artists music. What soul!! RIP Doyle.
your welcome.
Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.
& the 1st is really only appropriate during readings/workshops/previews.
wish we could of stayed...
not too bad, Kimberly, how have you been?
Yea, we actually did live shots there a few months ago. It's a great place!
You should follow me???(:
I added email on site for Sencha Touch 2, Free Commercial Version, but didn't get email w/ link. Open Source version download fine.
Bout to ball hard at LA Fitness with the bros
Can anyone connect me with an individual who is capable of creating an animated "How It Works" video?
I'm only saying what all the ladies were already thinking! Right? Don't you think they'll have sandwiches on the menu? :)
We Need To Go See Sexy Ass Gino!!! Up At Euclid Creek!!!
RT : Remember this about naps. They always get the last laugh.
how is that possible? :(
One of the players got knocked down ctfu
One of these days we should grab dinner, neighbor.
So...what happens when you when you didn't win the lottery but already quit your job... O_o
add cardio exercise daily :) body trying 2 eliminate toxicity, cardio speeds tht up, endorphins make u feel amazing :)
How about that Dark Knight Rises trailer before the Avengers yesterday?
School Health Day @ the Capitol!! 150 SBHC supporters going to inform and educate their Legislators!!
First day of nursing school! Feeling pretty anxious...
FYI - Jordan Swagerty had Tommy John surgery this month. I doubt he's considered one of STL's top prospects.
I suspect you are a good guy Tamcdonald!
nascar today :) then my birthday :) should be one great weekend hope kevin can win for my birthday let go
Sweet! Let's chat soon, I want to get a list of people who can participate.
In giving control, creating #leaders, most difficult thing is to resist our own instinct to take control. beating that is greatest
laa laa laa. i wanna go to the zoo. theres a special going on, and my parents won't take me..
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ?? People not following Come on guys/girls This group is amazing!! Free muffins to ppl that follow ;)
There’s no better lesson for kids to learn than to know they can rise to a challenge.
Hello, SalonRepublic! You are so quiet on Mondays, but we meet again anyway to rub down weekend-weary clients!
well let's all go tonight! :) #peanutbutterandbanana :)
Is it me or do certain gay men act unappreciative. I mean... Last time I checked. Your in Texas and I'm in Jersey. What do I have to proove?
Any #battlenations players who will let me occupy for BARS?? Help!
Rise and shine, campers!
Yes, Mars Apollo wld be grt. But issues cited with robo-astrnts (1way, ltd instrmnts) are inherent to Mars mission feasibility.
Mane I dont care what anybody says
“: NHL has hired Sully Sullenberger to pilot the media charter fight, MSG to the Rock. Seat belts, swim trunks.”
Thank you to Destiny's Child for rescuing this episode of Glee.
What's the point of being honest with someone if they don't believe you?
Time to get ready to go to #bodybuilding! #Work-Out-Wednesday starts now. *
If you love Pop-Punk be sure to check out our boys in The Fight Night! Chicago Pop-Punk at its finest
come to our show when we play in seattle? I'll give you a big hug and a Kiss even though we've never met.
Some junks should stay in their harbor
while his wife is in Denver, and Smith is leaving SF to go to Miami, so is Tim Tebow and Matt Flynn.
I GOT U
just the names not the meanings.
iM HUNGRY! WiSH S0MEB0DY W0ULD BRiNG ME S0ME CHiCKEN WiNGS! : /
Kloppenburg to announce decision on whether to concede Sup. Ct. race today at 11:00 or request judicial review of recount results
Is there an easy way to #ff from your list from an iPhone? I know I miss people that I want to include. I love you all!
thx James! Happy Friday
I hate when people say volleyball isn't a sport.
I would guess we could tell the client that it is naughty word. Seems to work with my son for a while.
THIS NUMBER IS FOLLOWING ME! .!. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
sounds like a winner to me! I'm great with dogs... horrible with babies.. and women lol
Working from home the next 2 days which is nice since the weather sucks.
This. Is. Hilarious.
Thanks for the quote!
like u rent movies from a machine
Ross - OldBay is SO 70's. You need to use JO Seasoning (also from Md)
Uh oh, : RT : It's true. We'll accept & at all stores starting Nov. 1! (We already do online.)
Why do I think 'Weebles wobble but they don't fall down" every time I see the word Wobblies?
Undisputed sultan of steals, king of the lucky WS earflap cap; sending a virtual round of wawa iced tea your way boss!
One Disney character? I'm going to have several - eight whole sprites on the C64!
First attempt at a tapeless foot today. Next week the boot comes off!
I haven't. But will check it out.
What is the impact of your writing? Can be viewed by some, or can go viral. Try different avenues for publication.
Want to get home and start playing guitar
of course!
I chase perfection
I saw the show tonight on speed. You are hilarious! Keep it up, can't wait for the season to start.
unsure why that picture is tagged in your tease about child porn...
First Day Riding in Viet Nam « One World Bike Thailand
Haha I wish! It's just my way of greeting you. Meant to say it in a British accent though :)
Drove by assembly earlier to see hundreds of people waiting to welcome home our team... Love #iubb proud to be a hoosier
Can't say that I do either, sorry.
Every time they show the fans behind home plate I'm looking for that dude who's reading a book. #Yankees at
Going to the new BBQ place up the street — will report back.
A book is to me like a hat or coat - a very uncomfortable thing until the newness has been worn off. Charles B. Fairbanks
x.x -murió-
thanks for being my 4,000th follower!
Thanks so much Allie:) !!
dude so excited right now haha
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Nothing like cigarets and McDonalds on a cool winter day.
Really feeling totally bad this morning. Hoping that a handful of tweets helps.
You have to be able to face the uncertain. When you lack self-confidence you never take that first step. And you end up stuck.
Yeah. Hop off her-WAIT WHAT
Good things happening at Bedrock Lending. Keep your eyes on our tweets.
I know you're hearts been broken, but don't you give up. I'll be there yeah I know it, to fix you with love.
A realization. "With a sinister smile, he quickly vanishes down the alley," recounts , "Leonardo exclaims: Fantomas?!!"
WSM just played a snippit of "Too Much Time"
Wish I was on the plane with and her team for headed to Rwanda again. How I love that place!
so how do we win?
Should be blogging watching #Scandal instead.
feel better!
I love that movie.
hey tiff whats going on tonight. I kind of want to get out.
Yeah I like that haha :)
Hey buddy which weekend in March are you coming? My dads going to Scotland this Thurs for 2 weeks. Hope we can hang out soon!
so you'd like to work in law enforcement?
i need some sun glasses to feel sexy when i go to the beach.
Not supposed to as of now, so we shall see!
I hate sitting in the front
Inherit the Wind. Avon High School. 7:00 PM. 5 bucks. Last chance!
who's promoting today
ha ha Not dramatic about it at all!
I've learned a lot about bat technology in the last hour. Some feedback: Hybrid bats are no longer "the best", per se.
goodnight robert!
onion rings! onion rings! onion rings! cock!
Maybe takeout and Star Trek/Princess Bride/Young Victoria?
Are his eyes just as pretty and blue in person?? I'll be right over :)
Going bowling with my Baby!!!
Someone please tell Jimmy Iovine to dress his age. There. I said it.
tell him to deal. It's happening
Any boy can get a girl, it takes a man to keep one!
A huge thanks to Chris Carter for an amazing show tonight and thanks to those who came out! Second Semester Tip-Off at the Rec tomorrow
SUCH a beautiful day outside!
taco time was closed today........please explain..
If I can ever learn how to fold a fitted sheet, I will consider my life to be a successful one.
I'm Not Buying Celebrities No MF Gift 1.They Richer Than Me 2.They Dont Need It & 3.My Love/Support Is All They Need
i miss you already!
I wore a military coat with two pistols and a bowie knife prominently displayed in my red sash. It was quite a sight, I am sure.
Excited for 's big announcement. My hopes: either he's running for president or he now recommends value funds, not growth...
The show goes on
hwhehe yes it is <U+2764>
wow my bitch, that cool....
funny! how did the pizza taste?
Results are in! New name is RogersTHAT. New pic coming too. But don't worry, still same SUPER smile!
You know what say it is. . . Twitter day! Follow me
I am officially jealous of 's Hawaii pictures.
My lesson 4 the day. Can't put out muddled expectations & not expect drama in return. Universe needs clear intentions to deliver clarity.
Ok so parents better get their kids!! Leaving gym& 9-10 yr olds flirting! Lawd I could be your mom..where's the respect?
I would have! I used to be kind of addicted to those in that I would walk to the corner gas station at midnight to get some.
Dislike 's new ad campaign. They can't come up with something more engaging & creative than "press conferences with 'real' people"?!
The Big Big Party Super Bowl Weekend
o.O GASP .! Why Would You Say That .?
you sure? I'm sure, stacy's sure, holly's sure
Congratulations ! Guess I'll be watching #americasgottalent now.
...I think if you find them, that is considered justifiable homicide in at least 15 states.
thanks for the follow hun!
thanks! And thanks for RTing.
Fuck I'm about to start exercising so much.
Jerry, which location did you visit? We definitely want to hear more and make this right. Please DM us your e-mail address. Thx!
if anyone could find my hobo closet it would be ..although he would probably just pee on it
things are getting crazy im so stressed!
oh it's being seen
Today is a new day, turn over a new leaf, don't hold grudges, focus energy on work, school, family & live life to the fullest.
{ you crazy thats to funny}
What are your predictions for today's New Hampshire primary? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Honestly, at the end of the day there is nothing like a Black Woman.
right now on nbc Today Show reports on #ChicagoBears DE Israel Idonije supporting local students
: So sad, yet so true, but we must all admit, on Twitter talking to strangers is all we do...
Come celebrate Easter outside in downtown Tampa with & . Foodtrucks, Easter eggs, concerts & a message of hope!
congratulations to you too darlings!!!
hey sorry been inactive on here. We've actually used one similar in the past, we'll try it out again this spring :)
John Kerry must have tried to take away Biden's toy before the
A girl shouldn't have to rely on her boyfriend to feel beautiful.
First-ever bass expo offers anglers another chance to reel in some deals
retweeting = my mind is blown
I'm preparing to work at a lingerie shop I have the best advice
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!
You & planes, you have no luck! Better just get famous and charter a private jet. No smells, no babies, and fewer layovers! :P
I feel sick
blogs, twitter, facebook..using all together can add up to a working content ecosystem with major payout for brands.
U look great bro...lost tons of weight...I am trying to lose 30 lbs...any tips?
I'd adore you!
What follows are four ways to get that done
so well.. peace out
3rd time I saw the Gulliver's Travels car commercial with little people cleaning, and I still don't get the joke. I must be slow.
When u declare support 4 same-sex marriage, pls also cont supporting other forms of legal unions. Not ever1 wants to marry.
Skipped religion today. First time in like two months.. I feel bad, but theatre for social change is DEF more important.
Goal of the course not to teach programming: because it's a humanities course, not a computer science course.
Nice to see at #nascio11a. I don't agree with all of his opinions but admire his candor and thoughtfulness on
will appriciate this. RT : A #Libra may look normal on the outside but inside they are strange.
getting up at 7 in florida was easy. i don't get why it's so hard here
That was an awesome 5 minutes of OT hockey.
LMFAO I live it. I need to be careful though or I'll start doing it for real. That would be to bad too do.
Intoxicated by The Element.
Likewise! And I'm glad you recognize that it was God. He kept you here for a reason. Find out and fulfill your divine purpose.
Ohh yeah is following me ;) Ice Ice Baby
Life sucks without the one you love.
March Madness is turning me into a Twitter fiend. I may even tweet twice today.
follow back?(:
Apathy or Boredom??!!?? Pretty sure Im bored!!! UUGH
well...most guys are butt guys...? lol! ;)
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter! Thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
autotune? RT : What do , and have in common?
you two back together?
You know you are completely out of it when you leave your cell phone at home.
uh oh, they are taking your headline :( RT Déjà VCU! Different year, same Shaka Smart, just messing up brackets.
Alex and Jack are so funny
hahaha, this is my real last tweet of the night, just for 11:11<U+2665> (: goodnite everyone!
I dislike getting on a smelly elevator
Got an awesome adjustment from feeling great! If you are in LA you MUST see him!
Telling the truth and making some cry, is better than telling a lie and seeing them smile.
UGH! SCHOOL! HATE IT! HATE IT! HATE IT!
Day 4 still no power!
Good for you for fighting for your rights! I'm so sorry you have to go through this. (No need to Tweet me back.) Praying 4 U!
Tomorrow's history lesson.... Mussolini and the Rise of Fascism.... why am I so excited???
thanks for the RT today!
a little. I got three more prescribed meds. My leg still hurts I'm still a mess
Next time you make breakfast brew, let me know! I'm not a coffee person, but turns out I'm a beer person!
this winter has just been way to long
welcome to #Indy, now that make 4 Lions/Spartans fans in this state.
Happy Mothers Day...
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. ~ Napoleon Hill
Not in a sleeping mood? See me today on LRW at 12 at night : "Mama Dearest" Russian Dolls
aha homework sucks! Lisening to eminem,
obama sucks balls chris
My head hurts. Waaaahhhh.
anybody have a bed & breakfast/hotel rec in san clemente?
It was such an honor getting to meet and her team! Her design studio was filled with such beautiful things!
Me and Aubri on chill mode
Now your just somebody that i use to know.
NYC here we come!
The link is NOT working!
Babysitting a monster... #takeanap please
RT : Three themes: Automation, Big Data, Rationalization
Over and back last night in the rain. Cars on the bridge were at a dead stop - must have been thinking . "who is that idiot on the water"
better than in front of the library?!
go follow him
Someone leave me a message. i'd like to know if anyone is even looking at my page...Thanks ken
Ryan Braun's HRs should be in the #sctop10. Especially the 2nd one where the guy with the sling caught it one-handed.
I appreciate the continuous prayers & thoughts!
Thank you and for an amazing Casino Night at ! Glad to be a part of it.
when people guilt me into sh*t ... thanks a lot ...
yeah who was tweeting last night elliot...
Little Danny just did a 6 to midnight.
Follow Friday is serious business.
New ./ poll shows that 80% if those working for cbs and the nytimes couldn't stop laughing at the last cbs/nytimes poll
so what we gonna eat??
": How's this for destruction of shareholder value: Kodak in 1997 had market value of $30bln. Today, $120mln and shrinking."
First day at planet fitness tomorrow :D Gettin ready for the summer I am (:
You're like, really pretty.
you and Billy C.
Come see The Mind Creatures Wednesday 9/28/11 at The Earl in East Atlanta!
I can't believe you put this on Twitter! That makes me look crazy! Haha.Taylor, I didn't cut myself!
It's a beautiful day in San Diego Downtown! Come by sit on our sunny/dog friendly patio, and enjoy a tasty torta. Provecho!
Those people that you just wanna slap so bad -_-
Dont make me wait!
You do know there are lots of movies and tv shows on there. And a free book a month.
Bearcats lost the first game vs McLennan 5-1 and lost the second game 14-6. Thank you to all the fans that came out to support the team.
that's whats up! Thanks for showing the love!
u suck :p
diving deep into a grounded theory project. feels goo.....
congrats dude, it's an awesome feeling.
lol sorry, I didn't see that mention!!! And I do like Nicki, but I just was really busy when that album came out
Yes. I'll image entire drive on extHD & backup server alone, too, along w/my MS ADP front end. Sensitive data, so will encrypt
Lots of great book/librarian related bling on Pinterest...
Hi Veronica! Thx for the question. We cant make guarantees of car locations unless your tenant makes a reservation. DM us!
Worked on my redesign today. What did I get done? I kerned the title. #slowredesign On the upside, lettering.js + kern.js are awesome.
Sexy Halloween costumes can showcase your daring and fun side
we need a song bro. OH!!! I got it.. Crazy Car by NBB ;D
Thanks for the follow! Singledom is a great opportunity for self-transcendence and meeting someone exceptional.
I wanna go get another haircut :o
I think May 14th or 15th but I'll make sure for you.
What the hell are you doin this is the #WorldSeries u sould quit smokin the dank before you pitch in the game. Str8 Dumb Ass
HAHA, DYINGG. Thank god your tweets are protected right now.
On the road again
Good morning babies!
Happy National Coffee Day. Coffee is like the Force: it surrounds us, binds us and if u hav enough u can kill people with mind bullets.
I said to him I tell u this everytime he said yeah and you almost get smack everytime bt I gota stop and think this kassandra I'll let it go
I am so busy. But not too busy for you!
Didn't know that. Is that true?
Hi ! See you in the morning, pretty lady. That is all.
Have a great time here.
This is the point in the game where UVA chips away at the lead to tie the game and fans' hopes flutter bfore losing by 3 in the final 10 sec
WTF. Just got a huge timeline full of & and they are like... retweeting each other. WTF. About to unfollow...
#ifpokemonwasreal I would be like the worst trainer ever
yeah he got hacked!! Got one 5 min ago but he's right here, driving. Lol
i love you! please follow me, im a #smiler for lifee! <U+2665>
Who was that up before taylor swift?
Abrams, how do we align?
If everything works out, I will have the opportunity to hire one eLearning developer in Pittsburgh. I will post the link when I know.
Hey bearded bandanna boy! You might want to consider washing those #Tevas every once in a while!
Sure, that would be great! Come and grab me anytime. I will join the eMarketing & Mobile Track tomorrow
Really pissed off Rite now
DUB Locks music video in the making!
I think battle of the GPAs will be if plays Stanford. PS, I liked your top yesterday, very vibrant.
Where to, madam? RT : . take me away!
This shit is for the birds.
i love you babe <33
RT #Leo's are probably the most loving and caring out of all the signs, but do them wrong and they'll do the same to you x10.
It's always nice to find other fans at work. And it's even better to hear them shout #GoKings as I walk away. :)
Let's go !
Take a break from it all and get some rest, my friend
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealo
What is up with traffic on Sunday morning?!
What we call the beginning is often the end and to make an end is to make a beginning - #ts Elliot happy new year everyone
I don't know, it disappeared one night.
Batanga summer 2007 when #LPC24 won first place at the stroll competition!! Great times!
Down at Bracken County High School performing the never ending PR hustle. The river looked #fantastic! On the water this weekend for sure.
Metta World Peace isn't suspended 7 games, but Ron Artest is.
#FF for great dining out info in NOVA!
yes they do
I checked him out, he's totes got a foot/shoe/leg fetish.
#Google Drive Terms of Use seem to grant Google a license to use user-uploaded content. #DropBox may have less to fear than suspected.
Understating Your Kitchen Remodeling Budget......go to www.blackforestremodelingandtile.blogspot.com January Specials Available!
Movie no. 3 has begun, Step Brothers
Last week of school. Can't wait for Friday to get here.
i lied nevermind but r u legit ? like r u serios!
Ugh gotta get up early for work
is a G always! Hahaha
My little sister is probably the biggest brat ever.
your welcome
If you WAGER $200 or more in one of our SB's for the KD, you will receive an Entry into Next Year's KD R/T for 4 Contest. Just email info!
#Moddleschoolmemories The 2 boys who bullied me:/
Finished the first season of in a late night - afternoon marathon. Absolutely fantastic.
Whats good fam! It's ruckus from follow back and let me kno what I can do for u!
Leg. Today at 630: Senate passes cracker bill, with House filling vacancies plus report on succession resolution
Hope Bojangles enjoys all that free press I got them today. They should thank me by giving me FREE BO-BERRY BISCUITS 4 LIFE!
Two words: Mad Men!
Looking fwd to the premiere of my new score, Needles in My Flesh, commissioned for bassist/singer Kalina Goudeva, in Copenhagen next month!
Get a few shots off today. Take some video of someone or something (maybe a vehicle of some sort) approaching. Keep that camera steady. Wow!
Yep, they all had the black sharpie
Did i really just download a torrent at 5 megs a second at work...wow
I either want a yellow fiesta or a new focus. They're so cute and good on gas. :)
"The last of the human freedoms is to choose one''s attitude in any given set of circumstances.-Victor Frankl
RT : Need a change of scenery from your drab office? Work for free at this Mon-Fri! With a mermaid!
I JUST SAW 1D!!!! NIALL WAVED!!!
Geeking that i got a job
Fiona Apple tickets...MINE! Yeah!
We love your attitude! We all definitely need tot keep that confidence in ourselves or we will undoubtedly fail :)
Marriage equality bill to be debated by the full House tomorrow.
Omg n his ghetto ass mama calln my phone startn shit. Another reason I'm glad my bf went home lol
Good and you?
Women tend to compromise when negotiating,don't give up to much of what u want when negotiating : w/ #womnegotiators,
So nice to meet you today! Hope you enjoyed lunch.
Okay.. really going to run now. Later!
Masterbuilderz on Groupon! Just hit last night!!!
re: Pink Floyd. I've been DVRing Fallons show all week. The Shins & Foo Fighters were really good.
Glad to see you on twitter Ann. Hope all is well.
Agreed Sony has stepped it up, yet If you ever shoot L series glass on a full frame sensor, there's no comparison.
slow laptop
actually that's. A great idea. For motivation
TY...very well! >10 yrs now. I hope the same for you!
When you're able to love yourself, you can love others. Because you've learned to love someone the way s/he is.
thanks you so much! That means a lot to us. Check back in a couple days for the site!
My main focus, trying to figure out how to reach more customers in a very limited market. Cafe is in private retirement community. Hm?????
Be sure to check out tomorrow's for a special little something from us!
Time for school :)
#KeaMoe? Who is that?
I think it's really blows that Northwestern isn't on TV here in Chicago today.
HoMe AlOnE
Love it when we can have live music at our sessions!
I honestly have no idea. I just got contributor copy yesterday. Doesn't indicate there will be on site, and that's all info I have.
back in action after a long and lovely weekend and looking for rails developers!
Playing Fontana's tonight at 7:30pm in NY.
Please do! Thanks!
yo, cuz, what's she doing here?
Nothing like a rocking show to put ya in good mood!!
This class with be the death of me
I can't believe is at a Jewel in #Chicago at this very moment! Pretty mindblowing!
oh no!! Be safe. Take the frog suit with you.
I haven't seen these yet. Will definitely be on the lookout. yum.
looks great!
age is just a number
I do mostly leads, although I write rhythm as well. What about you?
Good morning
shocked that a women who neglected her child gets off with just lying. how can she live with herself.
keep watching. You'll add vodka, gin, and whiskey to the mix.
#3WordsForYou EAT.A.DICK
Holy shit, just nailed a hole in one on golden tee.
Hope you wore something warm!
Can you please follow me?
It's great to have #options but at some point you have to #choose ONE!
god! I hope all of these people read these.
ahh today at lunch got a speeding ticket!!!:o
I was up nice and early and ready to go... until I fell asleep. Typical Katie Edge move.
#Rockies Cuddyer launches 6th grand slam of career. Rox up 4-0 in first. Three slams on this homestand for Rox.
Joshua is over the top- Steven; that's an understatement
I don't like having a history class with no text book or point of reference.
yup I really do!!
...more ADR for NBC's TRAUMA today!
Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for ci
at my aunts house ah had her kid yesterday :)
Ready for the drama and the divas
Partly cloudy skies tonight & a low of 40. Monday will be breezy, seasonable & partly to mostly cloudy with the chance for a few showers.
Making something easy to share is not at all the same as making it worth sharing.
yeah. I don't want to call names but that's rude.
i would be pretty okay with it if the only music i was allowed to listen to was drake and lil' wayne collaborations
Protesters reconvene outside schlotzsky's with permission from local businesses. Come join!
GuRlS ArE LiKe StArZ, ThErE ArE MiLlIoNs Of ThEm, BuT OnLy *1* Can MaKe YoUr DrEaMs CoMe TrUe!
GOOD MORNING VA. IM BOUT TO DROP THAT VA BAE MUSIC VIDEO IN A MINUTE.. LIKE MY STATUS IF YOUR READY
calling all arts educators - let's do it big in 2012 for youth!...partnership, collaboration, etc.
I thought seeing you hit off the path at 18 was thrilling & was a great effort. Keep up the great play, Mr. Na!
I'd like to stay in the game... Can I have through the weekend?
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
I need help trying to woo a Canadian. All I can come up with is: I like you like Lester Pearson liked maple leaves. Help!
Hahaha I don't have anything against either of them except for Jack annoys me sometimes
Tune in at 11am via kcrlive.com - we'll be discussing your concerns + more.
wow, seriously "UX Writer" is a real job title. It's official, the whole "UX___" job title thing has gone too far.
check out my quick little show about my new ocarina!! :)
Tune in tomorrow 8AM to Que Buena radio 94.3 FM to hear our Community Wealth counselor, Elba Serrano, talk about foreclosure prevention!
Reflect on
is home after my third Irish Fest meeting. Milwaukee Irish Fest. Love it. Live it 366 days in 2012.
thanks for the follow! If u need models lmk! :)
Live fast, and Die young
Lowkey..my math teacher can get it lol.
hippies are ten times better than hipsters.
This is so dumb, no one even went too reconcile, you give us the option, we ain't going!!.
I think you mean "thorough"...LOL!!
Heat always double team when they losing. Watch out this our game.!! We gone fck the city up!!!
we wasn't talking but when my dad told me it was the Friday they were leaving
#Leaving flatining iron for my natrually curly hair.:))
im getting "tuff love" with a heart in the place of the 'o' tatted on my knucks soon<3
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. ~ Winston Churchill
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
As REM put "Don't go back to Rockville."
Its april fools day crazy thing is I didn't even realize it
I actually heard the Bernie thing from your mom, but Dean Buell apparently had a heart attack in a club over the weekend.
RT if u will hlp me get followers
And so it begins. Whitney scores!
Wow celtics are on a big run right now
virile grass often sleeps just beneath the surface of dirt blanketed lawns, waiting patiently for hard rains to nudge her awake
#dtc354 great story ideas from our class. who will be the winners? only time will tell...
..preciate the follow
Wish everyone would just get along here.
happy birthday Sammy!
If I go I will.
Kickass dude. Congrats!
Did a #FF for and once, then realized these are the nicest people on here. Don't say you know them
mine too! It's so good!
I love my mommy ! :-) <3 Don't know what I would do if she wasn't here. :-)
Definitely! 7:30 at Kaladi's still work for you?
Ready for zumba! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
I appreciate everyone that has been listening to my songs on reverbnation.com..keep me moving up the charts! Thank you all.
My latest obsession - the weird, scammy fake? real? Instagram accounts popping up. Why post bad text graphics begging for followers?
haha. That's funny
u will be fine it aint that much runnin
Come see us tomorrow at the Muskego #PolarPlunge for #SpecialOlympics for some #FREE prizes! Text PLUNGE to 30364 for last minute event info
#ucla double dip this afternoon. Either a great way to ring in 2012 or good riddance to 2011. , ,
Yes! We have a few diehard people that still want to party this weekend. We'll keep going until it snows or under 32.
it's april 20-22, and april 27-29! I have three tickets that aren't being used for Sun. the 22 if you guys would want them!
No. Wondering how it fits into #contraception debate RT : yours specifically?
XMAS UPDATE: We will be recording a new song next weekend in a mansion in San Diego. It will make a nice stocking stuffer for all you clowns
lol true let me know if you think of anything(: n omg it says D-Pryde's performing too :D
Change the world with your words! Let's give the power and joy back to the authors and creators of the stories we all know and love!
Edmodo requires no email address, so I feel it's better for younger kids.
Missed out on PA3 with 's too bad, I had myself prepped to sleep with the lights on all next week
if only #treygrahambirthdaybreak became a trending topic...
Roberta Flack equal genius
Thank you to all the new followers.
I was just thinking the same thing. No reason to worry about undefeated just focus on play offs. Its been justified.
Happy New Year to you and Karen. Wish you both all of Gods blessings and good luck for this year and ever!! ;@)
RT : BREAKING: We now hv on tap! We have 1881 American Red & the Capt. Black IPA.
reapplying to college, woo
The sense of smell is the strongest memory trigger. What do certain scents remind you of? Grandma's kitchen? Your garden? The ocean?
Fastest national anthem ever #sharks #canucks wtf canada?
I once dreamt of flowers big as clouds they soared above me like parade floats:)))) dream iconic
love it. We're gonna get some great
That's fair. Would you agree that the new "Dr. Who" has somewhat of an old school feel?
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
I really want to go...but I'm a Mush... I'm afraid I'll make them lose...
Florida, but it seems so cool because you can get your degree in two years...
Must be old, both Dana and I miffed by the 10pm start time of Citizen Cope. Ticket said 8pm. Sleepy, must find coffee.
good girl!!
Got off work two and half hours early. Maybe today is getting better!!
I Hate how people think just cause I got a job I got money like that or to blow
Had a real chat with stranger where they weren't in a hurry to be elsewhere. She was from Newport Beach and we talked surfing and travel.
Just cause You Rap it up Dont Mean you Can Fuck everybody
Leave the yesterday in the past..leave the future for tomorrow..but live today as if there was no tomorrow..
“: #sometimesyouhaveto accept that it's time to move on. If all the signs are there then drop the dead weight” :)
Save Your Home author Anna Cuevas on Next
So the main takeaway from HBO's 24/7 is that why is no one booking Bryzgalov on all talk shows always
We do pick ups...need it moved and sold? yeah thats us!
hopes #Obama grows a set soon, like tomorrow night...it's getting so hard defending his weakness
"Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble." Matt.6:34
Who said it? "An artist is an art lover who finds that in all that he sees, something is missing . . ."
Whenn is this gonna happen? Lol
300 followers?! Holy shit thanks guys!!(:
Great meeting w/ Norman Kerr, VP of CITY Project violence prevention program. Similar goals 2 productively train/equip youth
well the one of ampersand you did for my wife has been hanging in our office for two years and I smile every time I see it, so :)
So excited that and are in Saturday's St. Patrick's Parade...must be why the forecast is 55 and sunny!!!
on that u-stream I was just looking at. Had an old CRT on a table. Buncha folks around it.
Hi Ann sorry I missed you today! Were you there? If so, hope you had a good conference...
that country is wild. we had too much fun while we were there. who are you going with
I do pretty much all types of fitness, from weight lifting to running, to beach body workouts. The Turbos, The Insanities
Excited about potentially being a contestant on Ridley and Tony Scott's new show Shooters! Hope to hear!
& are the most amazing/tallented aussies! and my biggest inspirations! #AUSSIESRULE! <3
I'M BACK LOVES<3 sorry for the long hiatus!!!!
my friend says u did cuz she told u on fb. But it didnt sound like u.... Idk
good grub and for sure, but not quite the same.
You're so adorable!
Ajkfdjnewjkgnre he looks so gorgeous
what it do???
I wanna buy a Dress to my mummy><haha
is Starting to write Out... Christmas Cards.
The shop as been moved back to Ohio, and is currently undergoing a refit, we hope to have production on-line in 2 weeks.
Yesterday, Dwayne Wade said he thinks players should be paid to play in the Olympics, but changed his tune today after the backlash.
and also with you
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay i really like your camo pants, camo shirt, camo shoes, camo jacket, and camo backpack. that's really cute.
that shits pretty dope bro!
Anyone have tips on acquiring the bowling badge on foursquare?
Expecting doors to OFFICALLY open for business around April 2011 - incorporation and website should be finalized by then :)
How can you tell if someone who's having a temper tantrum is on the phone? You get a tizzy signal!
12/24 & 12/25 - $60/night .....at CAESARS PALACE visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com also follow us on facebook for more updated info
I am so blessed. I have an awesome family, awesome friends, awesome grades, and an awesome guy who makes me happy :)
got the Nano watch as a gift from Mrs. C...I'm now hip, cool and with it.
Watch the videos from the concert on 2/26/12 Orlando,FL House of Blues at 7:30 pm <3 (': good timmess .
Sitting on the 30th floor of the Viacom building!
Anyone else flying in from ATL this morning?
I cannot believe this shit
what would we do w/o ESPNU? I'm sure the 5 other ppl that watched were grateful.
Today I'm allowed on Facebook again. I was on there for about 5 minutes and relized how stupid it was and came right back to twitter <3
Getting off of work and gonna sleep for a while ... I'm for sure tired!
Once a person has wronged me, they gotta work double to re-gain my trust. Otherwise, I cut them off completely w/ no hesitation.
Got it, thanks!
I AM Greater..
lol always the best place to shop :)
glad to see keeping it classy and being sociable with the home fans, keeping the fans happy is key :D
- did you get your package?
I am out too late and want to say to many things to too many ppl. Let me digress
I dont like people who cant state the truth
The Way I See it: Front door sends a message
great commentary. Let's hope the gap gets smaller on race fuel p.s Please ask Webber not to crash into Lewis this year!
i still rove once in awhile, but i like the idea of trying a more regular pattern then "who & when we want" *g*
um I don't even know what that is, so possibly not :)
Ive been trying to be positive for so long that I forgot how to live a life thats real!
Good Morning cousin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks for RT of Didn't know about this resource. Always looking for new ways to get my afterschool kids writing.
Is it me or is instagram being a piece of shit today?
Wow this is really amazing. I'll post it and absorb it later. Thanks for posting.
I have entry level opportunities in Poughkeepsie and Albany-send your resume over: !!
Oh, goodness. If only. If. Freaking. Only.
new twitter profile picture? I think yes!
I just shipped the $200 second chance tournament. Chopped it with James Hoeppner.
Please let the Cavs have a win tonight!
Veterinary Chiropractic works for any patient with a spine, bones, joints and muscles. Call us today to learn more!
You & Everyone else!!! RT": Bickell: "I need to put the body on the defense. Hopefully it will wear them down.""
Miss State over Kentucky good game going on.
Hey...hope you gettin ready for joyful holiday season!!..ONE WISH wud be art from from both Mom and Daughter!! ..INSPIRED!!!
yes, witness media archive reunion!
I'll be there! So is it like club attire or what?
Started w/ Birm in the nPower... But haven't yet tried a points deduction squad
Told him how I feel and he feels the same way<3 my heart is finally filled with love
US radio needs to start playing on the radio like now. She so deserves it and her song RAWKS!
Grand Opening of The Belmont Tavern this Thursday, June 2nd!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>u have been accepted . Welcome to gordosanonymous
#Bored Reading the #HungerGames..... Again -_-
Thanks for following the DECA club at Washington State University! We are still establishing our page, but please #follow!
just saw justin bieber on ellen
The renaissance is complete! Hell of a season, Wolverines!
right around the corner from us! It sounds like a fun event!
I guess, I have to mention >>>>> for him to reply a greeting ..
This Holiday Season came out of nowhere!
I'm so sick of this teacher !!
Owned. <claps> #LAKings #Coyotes RT : Jeff Carter scored thrice; Doan and Hanzal were not nice; Howlers on thin ice
Playhouse tonight for Monday Night Social w/ Michael Woods Get on the list ! 818.602.7979
Broncos are saying they're 95% sure he's going there. I guess we'll see.
There's always that one guy in class who thinks he knows more than the teacher...
so you're like one of five over there? We're in 229
Can't wait to be roommates next year at Ohio State! It's going to be awesome!
heyy make my day nd follow me ? I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART!
Love in my crew
just let me know ASAP how many you need :) I hope you can make it!
I cant add im blocked you can add me though!Lisa Marie Leal (Demisa Devarie Leato)
sorry. Crazy week. Will send link soon.
Blum explores how the political discourse of religious damnation & labeling opponents as Satan became codified during Civil War
"Why don't i call/text anymore?!"... The phone works both ways, try it out."
Earlier today, I texted my therapist "K, ttyl!, Xoxo". If that's not a cry for help, then what is?
Elway: Without a doubt, Tim Tebow is our number 1 quarterback... going into that initial hour of next summer's training camp!
where tha party at?
Shoutout to Entire "DMV" I Respect Yal Movement! Where Yal At? Make Some Noise......
I'm a mac guy, but my client needs a free ftp client for windows. Any recommendations?
Dance tomorrow(;
true, but goes back to telling people what they wanted to hear in'07-'08 to get elected. Also, minorities like TP in anti gay
Anyone try CS6 Yet? I typically skip versions, so I'd go from CS5 to CS7, but I'm tempted to try CS6.
I dance a triple essence :) it's in Brooklyn
Looks like they have merged the wall and the profile and called it the timeline. Still hasn't rolled out for me yet, though.
Sorry no horse picks today. Locked in to our Soccer and Golf wagers.
Im Sleepy Grr:O
I need 100! Help me out TKC!
same here
New police search fri and sat for missing NJ girl will be area where her car was found running in park.
I'm from Mississippi!.(: #mississippiswag #mississippideezygirls (:
Lol...yea its freezing in Florida right now ha. :-)
Is a convicted felon currently in prison really pulling 40% of the Democrat Presidential primary ballot in West Virginia?
ahh can you guys come back to houston soon?! :(
So good to see you today! I just got a preview of the video and you look cute as bug. xo
Join us as we welcome a new exhibit "One Woman's Dream: The unfolding legacy of Evelyn J Frazier / Mar 6-May 26 in APEX Learning Center.
AMEN to that.
actually it's a doody so your close
Oh yeah. Remember Valdes' give-away to Little Buddha, what, 4 seasons back? Almost sank the title.
Rules: 1. You must be a member (you can still sigh up) 2. You have to be local 3. You have to refer 2 friends to follow us 4...
Tomorrow on the show... Magician , , tickets to see Courtney Hole at the Ames, and of Sel de la Terre
Real disappointed in you. I'll get over it though
Run, Forest, run!
only gone 3 days. I like my p&s bc I can manually over ride everything. But what if I find something spectacular?!!
Knows the UES literary underground. Snuggling up with my illicit finds even as we speak.
N-n-n-n-new song coming soon! Sorry for the delay!
Doh. Thanks for letting me know!
how wtf I said hey your like don't touch me !
Just wrote a speech that I'm giving in an hour...en français...
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. <U+4E03><U+8EE2><U+3073><U+516B><U+8D77><U+304D>
and those hours don't count if you're sleeping lol
soo bored anyone mad that in the nine lives of chloe king bryan n jasmine died n her mom n chloe lost a live damn ma people died :( :S
Okay mom...you know I love you...but I can't accept your friend request on Facebook.
Glad you enjoyed the butterfly release -- see you this Saturday at the !
come home!!!! I can keep u company!!
Outrageous! Still wish I could afford it.
These guys are really good at parking their wheelchairs on the bus. Makes me feel bad for being terrible at parallel parking.
You were right, it's never to late to change.
Happy New Year!! Have a safe and #Sassy evening!! Be #Savvy and show us some #Soul tonight #RVA!! Viva la 2012!!!
Who wants to go to Dunkins?
esperanza spalding, that was beautiful
Tri-City takes a 3-2 series lead, beating the #Chiefs 5-3 in Kennewick. Spokane will face elimination at home Monday at 7:05 in Game 6.
Kroger is threatening to not pay an 18 year old student who made a 10,000 dollar half-court shot at the UK Game
Holy fuck this potato soup is tha bomb.
Love it! Great title. I can be a guest blogger. LOL...
It's getting real in the wegmans parking lot.
Problems can't be solved with the same thinking that created them. Take another look, shift thought and change your approach....
im not sold on dom or mayberry as everyday players, Need to bring in guys who can work a count, hit, score
get it girl!
haha. I hope it wasn't too schadenfreude. More of "well what else can we do but poke fun at ourselves" moment. ;-)
Yeah not my favorite method to dissect complex issues. There was a new power point at last meeting.
right on! Why ATL?
what you tryna make me do ugh its not friday yet
i love everybody no matter how they are.
I bet Santa feels the same!
Christina Ricci is so fucking small in person I had to google if she had a chihuahua to make sure it was her.
I had an event w/ the in support of the foundation. It was lovely. Really fun event, love hanging out w/ the team
we have a great team. It's an exciting and fun process!
Twitter is like dead today, where is everybody?
Tonight's Drink Special: The Totoro! Hypnotic, Hennessy & 7-Up over ice w/ fresh blueberries for only $7. It's nice & neighborly!
Look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids but I don't wanna know 'Cause shit I like suprises.
it hurts to make my elbows touch...
ATTENTION ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS!!! GO FOLLOW MY PRODUCER ==>> HOTTEST PRODUCER IN JAX!! THAT'S ON EVERYTHING!!
So where was this decadent italian meal? (It was good meeting you on Saturday at #pnwds)
Cant wait till tomorrow! #Excited Night ! [:
I didn't think it was possible but I actually went to sleep before 9:30 and slept all night.
It's one of those days.
Hanging out with Tom Evans... we are hanging his awesome stencil art for his show Sat. Its looking good!
I will never go back to eating processed foods or sugar
One day, i caught myself smiling for no reason, Then i realized i was thinking of you.
Go die, NEW new Twitter.
Follow me? Please I know u r busy but can u please take time out of yur day? To I feel really bad It, would make my day
Look out for new updates! We will be launching our new website soon! SO EXCITED!!!
yes ma'am,
A6 Get on a path to greater agility & alignment w/sales & biz leaders
Thanks for the
the price for a custom theme would be somewhat dependent on the scope of work. You need some work done?
How very considerate of you, thank you. :)
Our goal at Groves is to personalize our services to allow each resident to maintain a dignified way of life.
very cool... thanks for following. I need to get you connected to .... the event looks interesting.
me and my boyfriend are having problems :'((
Thanks for the Rts & mentions!
Can I be Katniss for Halloween&someone else can be Peeta?
had fun at shellys<3 and omg i met
I'm glad see anther NORCAL PACKER FAN
The Ford Center - like "the" editor! : yep send complaints to He made the call on that one.
easily the longest day of my life.
All I want is a milkshake
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions. – Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
WTH is going on? Do you have a poltergeist or something??
I kinda feel like being unproductive today..
Please don't delete me, Rosalie. I only have 10 followers....
thanks much. i just read the lurie piece, the one without the journalistic opportunism.
Looking for an accredited program to get your LMFT? Look no further! check us out! www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
don't talk to me about coupons.... two for one deals....!
New shirts are on the way!
try not to be predictable. surprise people...tell not the same story everyone has told (perez-luna)
Everytime I come out, movie in the making!
thanks for the follow!!
RT : The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes" (Marcel Proust )
Pat Byrnes puts up 2-0 with 8:34 to go in the first quarter.
Everything is groovy. <U+270C>
I hate sat tens
Mostly worse. lol
I’ve told you where I stand. Now it’s time for members of Congress to do the same.”—President Obama on the
International consensus - #arbitration is not necessarily cheaper for the client than adjudication.
Last day of school ima twerk on the walls Nd recorded.
I told my little sister I would take her to the park if she cleaned up.. I'm really not gonna take her.. But atleast she believes me.
The Parent Trap is always so good.
when is an outlet not an outlet? When it is a power station!
I lost my virginity to a snickers bar, it didn't satisfy me.
Cupcake Jones is proud to be a sponsor of the Taste of the Nation event!
Outdoor Spaces Opens New Office in Leesburg, VA, Welcomes New Landscape Designer
new cut has added a lil more sexy to the edge. Pretty good at what she does too, the dramatic pause and all
I hate it when my two favorite singers argue about things that shouldn't matter anymore :(
Young adulthood has rather nonspecific boundaries, but its beginning is marked by the end of adolescence, ...
I meant next weekend Mar 1-4
GO DAVE GO!!
we start back to the show this week. 12 more perfs to go.
Closing in 1 week Carol Lopatin's vibrant "Coast to Coast" paintings. Convenient location near all DC Metro lines.
Happy Valentine's Day movie lovers!!
yo 2k12 motto should be "cut the check YANDY" Fast!!!
I go back though and the 70's and 90's shared many paralell lines, artistically. The 90's was the last time media was fresh
lol I hope he comes back on son! And isn't he following you? LUCKY
They didn't show Newark and me at #xfactor.Hope for tomorrow.
Whos going to hang with me on Ustream today??(:
": Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Ha, yup!
RT : Mayor Barrett's campaign issues a release "challenging" Gov. Walker to 4 debates over next four weeks leading up to election.
It needs an occupation to try to put pressure on the government to focus on giving it sufficient funding (money)
thank her and I r home sick :(
nahh, you OWE me a lil sum'n sum'n :)
RT : Goin to tonight? Come hang w/ us at Blackbird Studios for art show! He's amazing!
oh yea
Any chance you can close your mouth when you're chewing your gum on the subway?
I like the contrast of your door with my door hanger. I look good on your house!!!
Enjoying the ease of updating status multiple places from one interface.
Happy Anniversary!! Today marks 60 years here at Emergency Arts, well it had to have a few lives before us...Thanks to Pennys!
its just our personality... Lol
You need less when you know more ;) x
may miss my first badger home game since'99,., as we are setting up a bus trip to st. Louis to see the
Love when my mac crashes
My library needs a better collection of e-books.
boutta get HIGH as three skies ^_^
Because there's nothing better than ending a summer day floating on a lake while sipping a Firefly cocktail
hahahaha that is hilarious!! : P can't wait for your birthday-- side note lol
doing good...thx! I will follow you back tomorrow reached my follow limit.
I like ISO 8601. Way more than My Funny Valentine.
how are you tho miss me yet...
Thank you so much ! You're awesome!
just playing off the headline. we love Portland. it's a tease for our arts marketing convention coming in 2013 too
Did you know you can import a karaoke track into garageband and then record your own lead vocals. This is an amazing way to see where ur at!
i want a tweet from so badly. :'(
feel better, definitely hope to see you out there this weekend.
"There's no justice in baseball, there's just us." - Dan Plesac on the firing of Mickey Hatcher
uh dont be driving sleepy shit .
Congrats to "The Bold & The Beautiful" for winning Outstanding Drama Series for their storyline about the homeless!
well one of my law school profs lost his race to replace my old law school prof
The Beautiful View band & Amy live on for a preview of next Sun.'s North Park Festival of Arts...
5K this morning at #lululemon then
Quick synapses of book?
2011 Taxes: Done!
Well, that reminder is a relief, :) Thanks for sharing Hypatia's wisdom.
Bottle service at ... 4949 Lounge...this is where we bring you another cold Budweiser that you can afford...haha
my leg's been hurting.. i wanna go back in my boot
Damn idk wats to do this winter break. Bout to be dry af'
I'll cuddle w/u..
I have a very steady hand if you'd like documentation of this event. All you gotta do it let me know. Sounds like a solid plan. .
Get everyone on the same page and have a process for each interaction for maximum customer service and sales opportunities.
Adobe's CFO just made me laugh out loud. He's the first CFO from any company to do that!
- Ouch. I thought I was worth it.
Red light green light ima rep da bean right
Any good lead gen bloggers to follow?
so was ellen page.
Just mistakenly clicked the wrong button & discovered a new capability. To err is awesome.
you got it, man
Multi Grain Cheerios for breakfast, lunch & dinner. I can't get enough! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I stuff you in my Trunk...Drunk, Cuhz all I really wanna do is fucc and snort....
Judd Apatow tweeted about wanting new podcasts to listen to. You should tweet him! I did, too. :)
Money is Nothing. How you Flip it is EVERYTHING.
When people pronounce the 't' in 'often' <
Tony Stark could out drink any of the Avengers even Iron Man
Originality is the key to freedom. You have to turn the lock yourself to open the door.
Getting ready for the Olive Branch next Friday March 5th
Oakland PD is hiring, qualifications: Must have big enough balls to take on women and unarmed peace protesters.
Oh my gosh. I hate being sick at work. Dayquil is where it's at today
Obviously you missed Ray Rice throwing a TD. Don't be discouraged though. The world needs ditch diggers too.
So what's the deal with Tracey Ross' eyes? They look they're falling out the sockets.
lol kick ass, will do
flora said what ur mom said? are u gonna come?
it's game day! Bring it!!
Are u serious?! I missed ustream?! <U+E416>
Got off my cell and checked the interwebz's story on ; sucks, man! #GetWellMiranda ... Soon!
life is a box of chocolates. You never know what your gonna get
Lets Go, Make Sure Yall Check Us Out & Follow
Pacers looked good
I have tasted pumpkin flan and it is autumn exploding in slow motion, with sugar on top. Thank you and Chicks with Knives.
At the beach, perhaps the only urge stronger than the desire to build a sand castle is the desire to smash a sand castle.
Can't wait.. See you in 30 minutes Faker fans
i wish i could meet justin bieber ):
Welcome back! How was your fun in the sun??
why so many pushy, impatient patrons? i am sorry that your crisis is not mine.
I don't wanna leave either :(( but I gotta #whereareyou??
Down to my last five studies to include in the edldr roles/resp/practices section of chapter 2. Can't believe what they are expected 2 know!
till next year mite not cum back
I think i'm in over my head
It taunted us, I'll have you know.
Bored at work. Play me if you dare #DRAWSOMETHING username: fredsterz
Shiller specifically said he was *not* predicting that, but it may be a possibility. He makes good points in that video.
#sincewebeinghonest #noonecares about your 100,000 followers...We get it!! You're a Media Whore!!!!
Is she bringing you?
lol- they are just preparing you for the new economy
Back on bus 26 to Fremont. TGIF everyone!
he picked up on a poll we put up that was (we think) being gamed by bots....
just said, "maybe my life is more major now" (as opposed to a minor key) on WNYC with
Is it a mark of progress and wide acceptance for green/clean tech that I'm now getting spam emails for solar panels?
let us know if you do and thanks!
A passing baby just sneezed on my foot. Ba.
For anyone who watched in real time/on DVR, did Weight Watchers advertise on MAD MEN last night? Need to know for research. Thanks!
Excited to have you tonight outside at ..Yummy food and Bhangra!
can u please follow me? :) I love ur music
(i.e.Mike Piazza)
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation. ~Oscar Wilde
RUMBLEBOS is presale password for royal rumble
What if #100K was invested in 750 different theatre communities solely to market the work already happening there to the public?
Where is the best place in LA to take agency workshops so they can see my work?
The look on people's faces when I start speaking Urdu.
And I'll try not to sing out of key :) <3
thanks yes that would be great ;)
i might be going to see 1D onmy birthday next year<3
yeah, heard what happen glad everyone is cool.
Done working out at the gym. Now for some scenery on the bike.
well. When I move from Ohio to Cali. You and faitheypoo are my bestfriends. That's all I'm gonna say(:
interactive storytelling panel is the best panel i've attended, well organized and planned. good process to emulate
At Five Guys in Aiken SC. Masters tomorrow!
#TuesdayTwoCents What events do you want to see CitySwarm host this summer?
On our way to Emlenton, PA to lead worship for a women's retreat this weekend!
There is no cheering for your fantasy team when the VIkes are playing.
what is sleep..
thanks dude.
#2011regrets I'm guessing shit I did while trashed. Guess its pretty bad when you wake up the next morning and everyone's like "dude, wtf!!"
did you see the movie?? What did you think??
We love our neighbors and you should too!
You and I have very similar situations. I have the same exact problems.
Are you serious? Same prosecutor???!!! WTF!
Met website now allows exploration by gallery. "old website, everything was an individual destination. Now you can take a journey"
ok, that's fair
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to raid your site for some goodies! :-D
"Hello" and "How to Succeed" EP! Real excited right now!
Loved meeting you both-he's a very good cusser. I want to hear about YR writing. Let's get together when dean is away?
I am now following you.
We help pregnant women safely overcome their addictions and facilitate healthy birth outcomes.
of course, we used to be cool as hell but for some kid ass reason had a fallout. Glad we are better <33
I love my job!!!
Thinking she should start using tumblr again..
Bout 2 pop out catch me on da drive
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life. Terry Pratchett
Intro to Premium WordPress Themes talk about to start in Tech Room.
Shut up. I'm watching Glee. Don't be petty , they do a decent job on WMYB.
I wish I had someone to watch the game with.
job interview went well, finger's crossed.
Are you self motivated or enjoy being told what to do?
You're Welcome :)
I have written with coffee. I have written with booze. I should try combining them and write as a wide awake drunk.
When we say booked for a day. We mean all eligible tables for reservations are booked. Walkins always welcome. Over 100 seats for that!
chocolate of course
Note to self. If one day I create my own successful thing and someone buys me out. Exit immediately. Don't wait to have your dreams crushed.
Thanks Nuria! Have a great weekend! :)
Geometry algebra math. It all comes naturally...
This Miami heat game is crazy!
We love it here at the office!
Watching Spring Break (1983)
Yes. Yes you do.
120 days until the BIG 21st Birthday
So, authors: Ever feel burnt out on talking/writing about the subject of your book & it's not even published yet? I'm asking for a friend.
4 shows down, 3 to go! Lets hope that can do a great job now carrying the torch!
No, it's just the flops that make me happy!! They are very bright and they remind me of spring!
I don't remember who this guy is and why he's on the Kingslayer's jock so hard though.
I'm Looking For That Independent Chick I Can Take Care Of.
Wtf man. Now I can't go back to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>... Thanks
It is all about William Chatner. Did you atch the movie, The World According To William Chatner. Cool.
so who's going to take over interpreting? :)
when are they goin to take yu to the doc?
i've been jammin out to #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE all the time hahah it #AMAZING!!! love you
Last night, while driving I-5 from Mt. Shasta to PDX, I smelled many skunks. Did Supermoon bring them out?
So much for honesty. Well, was honest till he apologized.
guess who just finished sewing two bridesmaid dresses?
omg he retweeted u!(:
When I die I want to be buried beside my husband and our graves to say "and we lived happily ever after" :)
probably another 10mins or so
Our guitarist broke his wrist today snowboarding :( everyone be sure and sign his cast when he comes back
Mexico in 4 days...
do you still have spots open for Dark Shadows ?
the movie thats being watched in the class above us > <U+E412>
My street floods in the rain. I like driving down it at high-ish speeds.
i want something extraordinary and beautiful and simple & intricately patterned. – Scott Fitzgerald
You obviously believes Jews do not have a right to self defense. Are you a member of Hamas?? You would fit right in...
yeah but it will give you something to talk about for the next 4 months
you love us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I love you Linds!
we can pray in multiple ways, including quick thoughts that we dont speak out loud
tweet me when you find out
So I wasted 5 weeks in Alcoholics Anonymous to find out that they weren't going to do hacking at all...
Aint No In The #Paint Round Dese Parts Homie!!!
hha im pretty good just about 2 burn uo its freaking hot an how r u ?
Welcome to the city!
"What is the meaning of life?" "I don't know but I think there's an app for that."
Pressure makes diamonds <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Seriously, this is an amazing and puzzling list for things that came from the outside. Weird.
oops! Earlier tweet was supposed to say: What did one bag of chips say to the other? RU FritoLay? Bahaha!
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need. Please stay, forever with me.
Bored in west sac at the starbucks
Hope the sun can burn off the jinx.
i feel pretty depressed today..i dont know why. i think i havent gotten enough sun light.
Sounds a lot like Cake lyrics!
the British sure know their way around a sports car
I have a few ideas for a few shorts, and some fake trailers. (I love editing trailers) I also want to try my hand at podcasting.
And if you believe in love and all that it can do for you. Give it a chance, girl. You'll find romance
just checked out an 80 year old... #hellagross !!!
Not fun with a 2 year old.
Our car, having just spent a few weeks on the street, will go back to being a garaged car...after its rear side window was smashed.
"Behavior change is not tricky." - BJ Fogg
RT : #NSWW Session II Response & Recovery begins at top of hour starting with good friend Tony Robinson from
g'night mate~
At this Holiday Season we remember and honor those who are no longer with us and cherish those who are....
Action on #sustainability is not distinct from culture and economics. Culture and economies are two facets of #eco truths.
Wedding Planner! That was a quote from it lol.
A quick question from Sarah
WhatEVER Mr. 1%!
“: Lars from #Metallica told Howard Stern that the only time he had 3 women at once was 25 years ago in Portland.” huge
it's my job too! Ouhh!!
it was a one time thing people need the reference and. Trust me we both know how bad I really wanna go all the way.
working on it. Had issues uploading. Stay tuned
well, what is it?
wins a #MomInspired Gift Bag! DM your email address to Congrats!
I knew transcription was a useful practice for studying music, hadn't realized how useful it is in interactive design as well...
In today's world if you're under the age of 75, there is NO reason for you to be writing out checks for things like groceries.
just back from camping with grandkids at blue mounds st park, wish I coulda been there...
God came thru for me this morning
+1 #SoundTableFTW RT : Forgot to tweet, but last night was beyond amazing. 1 of the best nights out in Atlanta I've ever had
I just watched the most ridiculous TV news story I've ever seen ... about teenage exorcists. I may never watch "Nightline" on ABC ever again
I want to audition for the voice
Welcome back!
Chilling in my room miss cali
ECHO and the - played 'Crocodiles', 'Heaven Up Here'.... and 'Songs to Learn and Sing' as encore. Seriously.
really??? Can I entice you into a trip up to Philly for a cheesesteak and a River Sharks game??!
I love you too. :)
That sexy you make just before you sneeze..
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
Spent all day writing! Exciting things coming up!
See ya'll in Ky for your Well Lit & Amplified Tour.. BS is it safe to say your freekin awesome? :D
Do you like challenging conversations? How do you handle those.
People that talk shit mind your own fucking business and worry about yourselves.
Ax man is kind of funny...it has a bunch of red neck hillbilly
SHE was 4'10" so she always made sure people knew the requirements.
All in all were just another, brick in the wall
Word fam...I can't wait...You always bless the tracks.
I need to go and get me another cup of coffee before this meeting. I wonder do I drink to much coffee?..lol..
It's the best!
i'm at matt and elizabeth's...it shook for awhile here...
Ima Quit Joking around w/ these females, Cause I See it hurts her. -_-
he's the real deal.
FEMA teams to start surveying damage this morning in #henryville and other areas hit by tornadoes
I ATE MASHED POTATOES TODAY!
THANK YOU!!!! :))) RT Hey! Happy Birthday! Mwah!
Spring is just around the corner. Try to mix up your attire with some lightly-colored pieces.
Good Morning All.
Hi, Bradley!
Hahaha! I didn't even notice that!
I'm waiting until I have a clear schedule because I'll be mad if I can't read it for a couple hours at a stretch
Yes, Floyd called another boxer a "faggot." Not right, and he got roasted for it. Now, Pac's pretty much saying death to gays & it's kosher.
can you download songs . I need some
Shout out to the Amazing Daviator
Woah, everyone, if you haven't tried sleeping with a pillow in between your legs, TRY THAT DOPE FEELING SHIT NOW!
Cool exhibit on the art of video games at the Portrait Gallery/Am Art Museum in Chinatown. You can play Pac-man!
Time to play some more Super Mario Bros.(:
i hate your name bitch>(
nope ima be like lloyd u should make another song with chris
awesome, tks for the recipe - love zucchini, also checked out your shepherds pie - yummy and simple :)
aw that's cool watch one?
I have a ferternal twin brother sometimes we can read eachothers mind for somethings
the fly was gone when i came in this morning. i imagine it will be back at some point :)
Dreams about dinosaurs and talking polar bears.. My brain is a bizarre place indeed.
yeah, it's not a quote, just me being metonymic on twitter
Wondering how my girls and are holding up this morning. Thanks for the late night entertainment.
Won first 2 heads up matches at #CPC2012 and now got a date with DROSE and the bulls. Got an extra if anyones trying to roll. Hit me up
"People would book you if your band was called Jizzsock. Nobody wants a band called Boner Cult."
yeah I just kind of have a feeling when he does, and he does
What Monday is best know for isn't that it starts the week, but reminds us that the weekend needs a few more days to prepare for us
Headed to the 7th still scoreless. Skinkis, S. Harris, M. Harris due up for
When people add a picture with the caption about how nice it is today.. but all I see is a pic of themselves in a bikini
what does Dr Oz say about this???? Hmm
please follow me I'm a big fan! Ur albums r awesome. Sorry I missed u on WoozWorld I was at school!
NTSB says we may never know who was flying plane that crashed in Crystal Lake. 2 men, 82 and 65, both had licenses, both died.
lol - you are cracking me up in this chat
ny: 100 degrees, part ii. let's do it.
this officiating would make you think the want the Heat to win for the ratings
mark your calenders! TUES DEC 13 we are hosting award party celebrating and thanking our supporters. RSVP NOW!!
why u mad
Thanks! RT : Discussing women challenging limiting labels &amp; creating pos...
*Logging off Lmaoo
Fuck detours always running into road construction
a kid with a life
RT : Affordable high performance fiber brought a 2,000 job business to Indiana
We have a new Facebook page! Look up Portland Pearl Rotary and like us for news and updates and what we're up to in the community
Today I MUST power through my thesis proposal draft #1 and finish an article critique. What do you have on tap for today?
I might as well say "Yes" to the date.
We purchase houses in South Florida and we follow back.
Thanks! I'm going to see if I can make that happen!
I May!!!! U better august or else I'll June n July u hooker snapping turtle
Well be at the Santee Swapmeet today!!! Stop by
The thought of having a ghost in the house creeps me
Welcome back to 2006 Mavs Vs. Heat! Remember when Dallas was up 2-0 in that series?
warriors had 3 consecutive turnovers within the last 1:30 in the fourth to lose the lead.............
Lol I love my sister. She's too funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#CoachellaLive what the hell is Lauren Hill wearing?
You must be in Philly with that comment RT: It's a shame you're on food stamps, but sweet new full sleeve tattoo!
She was a master at making nothing happen very slowly. ~ Clifton Fadiman about Gertrude Stein
My self-diagnosed shoulder tendinitis is killing me right now
Re: Jags/Tebow...so our paths cross again! LOL
lmao x) the ass'll be worth it ;p
Lifes a voyage thats homeward bound.
Heart don't forget something like that
Why have no girl scouts knocked on my apartment door? Rude.
I wish I had an In n Out burger in front of me right now!
please tell me you're going to
It's cuz we're constantly awesome.
The #marac meeting in Cape May, NJ is going to be fun, but I have to work too. Time for me to promote the fall meeting in Richmond, VA!
How is that AAPL treating you?
The NHL needs to do something about Ovechkin... they can't keep letting him get away with hits like that.
Mark Moore owns me for the next 24 hours.
*me appying for bestbuy online* Me-chris wat do i type for title? Chris-Just type "loser" as your current title
RT : #20thingsaboutme I cant live without my Mama
When I meet Austin the first thing I'll do is hug him & say "Thank you, for being my inspiration, my role model, my everything." <3
Looking out for that special moment to happen.
thanks for the follow.
video of AYITI ROBI fet MIU COMING OUT SOON BY POPULAR DEMAND
Like a boss!!
should be, we'll have 6 packs
We're your 24 HOUR Delivery Solution across the nation! We also provide Legal Courier & Medical Courier Services. Call us today 877-527-5737
Thank you, Dan. Nice playing with you!
Sheldon messes up Leonard's chance to help Penny tonight at 6:30 on The Big Bang Theory!
Great choice! It is an awesome experience! Can't wait to host you in Indy! RT : Definitely the Indy 500 Rides!
thanks for the post Madison :)
hate to not call you my girl
will do as soon as mixed and mastered:)
Looking for fall intern for Weber Shandwick with Web Skills..Must work Friday 's 9-2pm. Email me at
There's gotta be a market for FREE CARPET RIDES shirts. You think?
my day was decent. how was your?
why not name her Shannon lol
I'm such a fan of this #Foodtruckforecast Mid-70's over the lunch hours as we head to 81 with sunny skies this afternoon!
Our White && Orange game is tomorrow too -_- fuck UHS though ;) but I'm trying.
that sounds painful. I wouldn't recommended doing that.
Who schedules mtgs at 8:30 on a Mon? They're stupid.
It's funny how I thought you were my bestfriend
Thought it was about two in the morning, so tired..
wat shit im not doin anything so shut up im entertaining my self
Change is constant.
i will be on laterr. Ttyl
Pimpin' seems easy.
I honestly don't remember if that was the case or not. It may have just gone away, though. Either way the sound is horrific
#HOWidc starts today. It will be a long day, I require coffee.
check ya dm
Cleverly disguised as a responsible adult.
Tons of places in Toronto, best in Buffalo is Duff's for Wings or Russell's for Steaks
I'm not sure if there is or not. I would have to check to see.
Hey tell your friends: Free pizza for students 12:30-1:30 today!
sometimes.... I wish we were friends.
which game?
slept in so late today. i really need to get my sleeping schedule back on track. other than that, watching the goblet of fire! favorite.
How many Days til Ky Basketball ??? Waiting!
Yay! My new headphones should be here tomorrow just in time for Disney!!
pitching now at #SocEntWknd to take 's revolutionary "flipped classroom" curriculum worldwide.
kudos to & meet'g in D.C. for , to launch nat'l #marriageequality campaign
In other words, if your target is “blue widgets” then link to “blue widgets” instead of a “Click here” link
Scott h biram is at emos tonight. Have heard good things; should a few coworkers and i go?
Oh my god who are all these guys? I have never watched a college football game in my life.
Why isn't that certain redhead on Twitter? I'll be in the good land next Fri-Sat 4 a wedding shower.
Today marks the anniversary of the Bay of Pigs invasion in 1961.
I dont know if they allow food in the lecture hall place, so afraid not. Be good if you could make it though
Woman being deposed just stated someone's name and then asked us not to tell anyone. Ma'm I am here to record these proceedings.
I still have those earrings you forgot at the crafty bachelorette party!
does yahoo have a future at all?
Wow! What a great night! We do have Milwaukee's best customers! Thank you for 20 years on 5 th street!
I had green tea today. Your parents have been very good to you. It is a very healthy drink. What is your favorite food
I'm wearing blue and yellow on Leap Day. Who's with me?
Where to go on July 4th!
haven't heard that one, will have to check it out on the club, thanks for posting, did y subscribe to the spotify playlist?
Do suppose there's a place where carrots are called oranges? Maybe because they never any oranges? Hmm.
Reminder: The Curried Mobile is cruising to Lake & Stetson between 11am-1pm!!!
Just finished Fifty Shades Freed and now I have nothing to look forward to. Life has lost meaning!
I pray Joe will have that breakout game in Boston.
oh yeah i forgot srry kara.
lol thanks sweetie
I heard when you get married you have to share one...
“: Busted the 5k turbo oh well. No monies for yet, but EPT San Remo in 3 days. #timetoship” LETS GO!
Why is this carmax numbing my lips o.o
"if you plan to shoplift, let us know. Thanks." guess where it's from ?!? :)
I wish i knew , i know though .
A new kitchen by Spring time sounds nice!
I can't wait for July 14th to come. I get to spend a whole night with you!!!
I can't stop staring at my background! omg<U+2665>
A dude in Poland went to his dentist who was also his ex. She promptly pulled out ALL his teeth! #insertPolish/exesjokehere
Wow! That's a beautiful sight. How adorable :) Keep up the beautiful work with your SUN!
They say money talks, tell these other niggas speak up
I get computers
This heat-bulls game is like playoff ball. Fun to watch. On TNT
don't have no #regrets bay jus #blame me
Don't miss Liquid A tonight!
next blog all about skin primers, how to apply them, what they are good for etc
ah she looked beautiful<3 i bought her issue, i love it <3
I had dance today!
WAT WOULD U SACRIFICE OR GIVE UP FOR DA ONE U LOVE
#thatakwardmoment when i feel like im the only #mahomie Doesn't follow :'(
Mom, if you don't have sour cream, and your making a taco for me? That shit is going byebye as soon as I see it.
Who knew tomorrow is #NationalTempuraDay? Celebrate with free Stuffed Jalapenos at On the Border. Diet Schmiet
Watching Documentaries
step one: get a bike that's suited for a mayor...
thanks Ginger!
cripes. Between that anm Mario will you ever leave your house?
Good idea, similar weather here today as well.
Wait, that's a thing? Remind me to encourage all my friends/family to elope...
talk to us. We want to use your pickled for our sandwiches. Seriously, reach out to us.
I swear I be so open over here for this girl I know im gone lose SMH #ithinkiloveher lol
I have a habit of doing this "!" so dont trip!
And thanks!
GET OUT THE VOTE | Project aims to increase turnout: www.ourvotewv.com |
TSOI-NY just left OMD. If u Missed, u b retahrded. Great Great show.
You know you're awesome when you can do geometry homework in 10 minutes :)
those you have to look a bit harder for, but I had a place where I got French manicures for $8
Everyone go follow he'll follow you back!(:
Definitely just picked out half of Reno's wardrobe.
If I had a penny for everytime I thought of you.... I would be a MILLIONARE!!
How did your emotions provide feedback on your choice of thoughts today? I am fearless, peace-filled, abundant, grateful..feels great
yay!:) job complete <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
tried explaining how he's right but he's wrong all the time...its ok you'll ben right one day!
only cause you are(;“: lol ricardo is telling everyone i'm like in love austin mahone bodyguard's tiger tattoos haha what a douche”
Hee. No need to run it by me although I would not protest (nor would I protest added brain power today!)
The enterprise is waking up to benefits of an API strategy. Watch at #Data2.0 panel "Why you should join the API economy." @ 11:20
Tonight #BS is working hard...
So many "the awkward moment when's " aren't even awkward.
Oh I get it. In the new Twitter app, Discover is the tab I don't ever need to tap.
I take it you have gone to bed now!<3
False, but I yes, I'd prefer a futbol match right about now.
good bad or indifferent?
Really need my hair braided BAD!!!!!!
Aww he would always talk to me while I was at the clinic =( *Psigh*
"There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot." - Steven Wright
You are too kind love, thank you so much!
Right, im tired. Goodnight :)
The bonus to any symposium at is lunch at Mitsitam cafe!
i never played you...
great job moderating last night. It was a great experience
anyone have an extra scooter they could bring for me tomorrow? :)
I can't wait until I have cable again..
I watch an unhealthy amount of Family Guy.
So Happy For you!!
(email for booking) (email for features)
Fans are going to support Austin until the day they get bored or decided to leave. But Mahomies will be holding Austin's hand forever.
Sorry about the tardy reply - could do an hour on the phone tomorrow if that works for you!
I approve. RT : Derby Week, avataring accordingly.
8 mos in the makin but #summer is here. Rockin flip flops and headin to
Ocean's Thirteen m. Matt Damon, George Clooney and Brad Pitt.
I Cried When I realized I wanted to love you forever but couldnt =(
There is a pain on the left side of my chest. I think I'm dying. If I'm not here tomorrow.. I love you all
Well I hate Texas. I just want to move to a different state (:
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Tony "Why use one word when 7 will do" Calvano. Clean and sober...how 'bout u?
I've been thinking of putting that on my business cards
poor Cain... clearly not prepared for 2012..
Watchin tv waiting for my baby to bring me my food back..
Are you coming to the Finals Fiesta tonight, 7-9? Serving up fun on the library terrace (Rain location=Mud Box.)
When it rains, it pours. And by pours, I mean tequila.
whats the weather like where you live? its cold n windy here in So. California! burr! hope ur not getting punk'd too bad on april fools day.
Don't confuse me for my Uncle Nick, he just let me borrow one of his outfits today
deleted my facebook a few days ago and found other ways to waste my time,
Food is dialogue between you and the plate.
K that's just sad. Stop marching Muhammad Ali out there like he's a circus animal. NO ONE is excited about this.
Sometimes you do cause my mood to be sky high to rock bottom and things aren't to cheerful anymore.
thx! Fun to be back :)
Veggie dinner and gossip girl
6 more hours.... I need some energy :)
In frisco playing beer pong...well,about to lol
You're prob not sexy...you're prob just easy
i think its dumb. :o
Neither would I (as I covet your pen).
u still at wish thursdays?
Enjoying a calm, rainy day :)
Freddie on Suite Sioux. Heavenly. #jazz #nowplaying Red Clay
As you probably saw after following the link, Arundhati Roy was chosen to give the Edward Said Memorial lecture
We love the way music brings people together.
"Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can...
reporting on what?
Thanks for the RT! :)
Carl Aniel, AFSCME Local 171: Its clear Walker is not interested in any negotiations. He's leaving working class no other options
DYK? AKA Founder Lucy Diggs Slowe was the First President of Alpha Chapter (Howard University)..
how come all these teams wanted so bad and #pdxtrailblazers didn't? We have biggest need at PG dont we?
Draft order of on-air talent + VALUE they bring the fan - Gruden, , Berman, and dead last Kiper. who reps them?
Great to see you as well!
lmfay! PERFECT CALL! I slept for a good 90 minutes (one full section) lol
Tragic! MT: Car crash in New Zealand involving #BU students leaves 5 injured, 3 killed,7:30 a.m. on May 12, NZ Standard Time.
Thanks for the shoutout. Of course the data and maps are usable in all maps - not just Google Maps
#ReasonsToGetNaked to take a shower lol
Thinking of chopping my hair off to my shoulders.......so confused!
My mother in law is a stark raving bitch!.
Cant stand it when people claim to have PTSD over the most minor shit!!!! Trust me chickie, you wouldnt want it! :(
If anyone needs me, I'll be curled up in the fetal position 'til next season.
If you're interested in crowd-avoidance and conversation tonight, hit me up. (cc )
great And u
Through my good days and bad days, I still give my Heavenly Father the praise.
I catching up on my shows for the week...dvr best invention not having to watch commercials getting right to the point
I can't wait to leave Miami and move to Jersey. ugh.
“: Tom Brady just threw the ball at one of the refs.” he was being "safe-ty"
Psalm 147:3 “He heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds.”
Lots of anticipation for #sdp2p at planning mtg this am w/ &others! www.pathsreg.org
HEY ITSS KATIE<U+2665>
Why does the weather on a Saturday have to be crappy? Today was suppose to be skateboarding day
Tonight 12pm on we have Anton Bass and & shocking through airwaves...catch you in the mix!
Until the seniority only process of eliminating positions goes away, every negotiation is a lose-lose situation.
Some people just need to shut the Hell up!
your favorite ((:
If I don't sleep for at least 2 hours . . .
Yosh. Totally having a better morning. How are you doing?
Great advice and work samples if relevant! RT : Use apps, like Box(dot)net to profile and upload PDF resume to it
You're welcome HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!
Family First....
Josh is hilarious lmao
When it's hot out, turning up the thermostat 2 degrees & using a ceiling fan can lower A/C costs by up to 14% over course of cooling season!
Watching the Bill Evans Oslo concerts on Netflix. Amazing.
i dunno. i know you so well. i can sometimes tell your emotions. its weired. ahah omg i just typed that whole thing without
Wish i knew you were trying to go. I was thinking about trying to go
Just got 'i dont speak English' in perfect Midwest accent in response to interview request
oh sweet! I'm at 3-4 times a wk and guess I'm just burning out. Must tone it down.
sweet, I'll look for you next time I'm down there
It was great to see you too!
off to MAIDEN! After a couple of terrible weeks
I'm just
Tried a new today. Was PACKED, but still got my drink in < 2min. & it's the best tasting latte I've had in a while!
1st Excerpt: Well today is the first day of documenting and sharing my processes as I am working on my first self-publishing venture.
Congrats! I'll be there too.
Clown city bitch clown clown city bitch
The Spelman College Museum of Fine Art celebrates Spelman College Founders Day The Annual Spelman College Founders Day Convocation,...
With ten different tours on our schedule, Saturday's your day to discover a side of Los Angeles you've never seen before.
Tough to fix all Bush Admin failures, spelling in 4 yrs RT Ben Ladin is dead. GM is alive. But America is still going broke.
“: Just saw a movie trailer for Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." haha! I am torn about how I should feel about that movie!
The person who inspired me to dance and make a crew was and most importantly your the he's I LOVE YOU:D
We were at Pony Pasture yesterday too, riding bikes with the kids (8 miles -- alot for them). Sorry I missed you.
Global Writing and Marking Instruments Industry
Coming next week we will no longer post updates on this account. To continue getting updates from us please follow
we haven't Skyped in FOREVER ...Haha
Also: “We’re working hard on the sour program,” Graham said, including 48 barrels in experimentation phase.
lalala waiting for #SaySomthin to come on again
TODAY - SATURDAY:: 30% off all SALE Items!!! Stop in on such a beautiful day!
Disgusting: PeopleSmart holds privacy ransom for $9.95/mo. Pay it, or else anybody can find your address, phone, age, income, and relatives.
thanks for the shoutout :)
Gorgeous pic. Old Quebec City is one of the most romantic places I've been to. Enjoy your stay!
Thanks so much to the Hampden community for hosting such a great event tonight! It was really great.
4 of 5 of those bullets don't... shouldn't require legal anything
RIP to Big Poppa, Frank White, the Notorious B.I.G
Thanks for following me Christie!
just chilling
yay for good news! Congrats!!
"This was mine... how extraordinary!" #titanicquotes <3
The UK misses you chris
c: I'm liking you more and moore
Grant was 1st president whose parents both lived to see him president although his mother never visited him in the White House.
I know it's still early in the season, but Aramis Ramirez kinda sucks.
I Fuckin hate people that think they know everything....#yeahisaidit and unfortunately I have to sit through lunch with one...damn
I am out of cuss words #Gophers 1-5
I have tattoos & I didn't even flinch for the one on my ribs I have witnesses
wow, did not see that coming. .198/.212/.302 will do it though RT Wow. Twins just demoted Danny Valencia to Triple-A.
*waves* just letting you know that there are still some good guys left. You just have to know where to look
Why did I just get a fuckin call to the OnCall phone for a fuckin lockout! -____- I'm angry as shit.
I love ThinkGeek dearly, but I wish they would allow USPS to ship their stuff. Shipping to AK is always so expensive. :/
received your brochure in the mail. Thanks
lol I pay attention to little things like that
My one-song habit is creating many one-song playlists on Spotify.
Im loving "Dont Trust The B--" on ABC. So funny.
Don't be sad I deleted my instagram. Y'all are the ones that made me...
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH NO MATTER WHAT HATERS SAY!!!!!!!! <3
Another thing that unites us! So sorry to hear about your turtle's exile. Let's form a support group!
Those days when you wake up, struggling to keep afloat & keep your attitude positive? Yeah, it's 1 of THOSE mornings.
RT when the fan keeps blowing papers on the floor in your room at night and it sounds like nagini is slithering around
Do your students buy ebooks? Cheaper option, already available. Would that fly? (Harder to annotate, share, and/or re-sell.)
Q10 - Mario Kart Wii. Though most aficionados will argue N64 was the best, I disagree.
How come the guy always sits in the chair and the woman on the cushion when restaurants have that seating style?
ill add you! please add meh back!!!
Hey guys thank you so much for the follow (: please follow our personal Ana and I made mines like last week:P
Come visit us we will take care of you! Best place to be in Vegas on a hot summer day!!
Sittin here(; Text me
So you say you hate me, but you sit at my lunch table....
Game tomorrow!
works for me
getting in some reading last night and couldn't put the book down, Vision of a Champion by Anson Dorrance for the 3rd time
Saturday night = date night! Our Mesa location is right next to the AMC theater. Froyo and a movie makes for an awesome date!
It's still a win, correct? And they have something we don't...a 33-point loss.
Bow-tie pasta makes any meal a bit more fancy, even when eating it out of the trash.
Ryan Cain's photos are being featured in Curve Magazine's May issue. Tell your friends, LIKE his FB page, and #FF !
Happy Independence Day, everyone! Can't wait to watch the fireworks from Iwo Jima tonight.
I can't believe she got mad at me because I left early because. The traffic was bad
I hope everyone is having a great lunch....
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!
Bibz created a new account luv ya Chloe
No sweat...will check out the results later. BTW.one of the three in the confidence pick on the radio...picked the 49er's!
Lots of no parking signs around the West Loop - it's going to be even harder to park near the office starting tomorrow.
i love you faith elizabeth:)
thank you thank you thank you<33
they just did :)
Yes Sir- I had a good time
Bell Biv Devoe. Now you know.
Remember the show the Marriage Ref?
Good Luck. What is your major?
and are watching movie times.
66º. time for backyard beers.
Pleasure! Have a great weekend!
you probably won't see this but I just wanted to say your amazing and it would mean the world if u followed me back I love u<3
Don't you love login scripts?
slattery spokesman for Lincoln, Hamm for Mercedes - what automakers would fit for other cast members?
At dusk lightning bugs were out in full force, like a disco in the yard. I am surprised by some early morning flashes now. Party animals.
Update: 37 hours to extinction.
slanging whips today?
Loaded Landsharks with my lady at Purdue with her friends. WITH FREE POPCORN!!! It's the simple things in life folks
I don't care how much he drank calling me that isn't acceptable.
That is how i feel , enrique iglesias !
Kentucky will not win the ncaa tournament. Even though I picked them to do just that.
why do all Monday's in austin always start out so gloomy?
is that for real?
The CD sounds great so far can't wait till it's finished.
Happy International Women's Day to all the great ladies out there!
#ThingsIHate Shaving my exgf's face.
morning! i hope everyone has a great Friday :)
Great to see you last night. You missed a good burger & I have to say I was surprised how drinkable the wine at is.
when life is on the line & ur feeling ass out like a G-STRING where R ur friends nowhere 2 be found thats when u start 2 learn about urself.
That is hot!
Loving the sun<U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
I enjoyed your convo w/ initially unsure, but Twitter is public, nicely displays depth of G's interactions
Brothers of #PhiKappaPsi are now arriving in Richmond for the Installation of our Virginia Commonwealth University Chapter!
Thank you for following us! As a thank you gift we would like to offer you one for our environmental reports for free.
The Deadly Dames mourn the passing of Gene Roddenberry, the visionary creator of Star Trek, 20 years ago today.
": Why dis bitch stay tweeting my minor ass tho? Lol" YOU RIGHT ABOUT THAT BUT CHILL HOE
Iam really like that song Mercy# mr west did his thang on that one
You're never gonna be Jello.
one day we all gonna have to meet.
Congrats to for winning the iPad from last night's #WUT2 party hosted by Lucky you!
I'm curious why the welcome email, which is the first thing people get, is such a pain in the ass to customize.
Don't worry about all the haters man. Ravens Nation will always be behind you and Joe!
pizza hut I'm coming!!
first time viewer. #AGT Only tuning in the see the
Feed me ):
Nah naaa nah wait'll I get my money right
The Riverwind Casino Concert will be moving after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
... I just fell out of the bed again.. Face first this time
Spoiler Alert: They aren't going to give Overeem a license. Shocker, I know...
Off to bed. #Amreading Dagon's Blood by A spectacular epic--a movie in a book!
can we just go to the magic market? Its been a while, boys...tacos and mexi cokes are callin' our names!
sell 36 ebooks with resell rights www.ebookviralincome.com
I want a freaking black berry.
Back to back to back! To start the game!
It was an earthquake in ny my whole apt was shaking in harlem
that sucks, ear infections are probably one of the most painful things ever.
It's all-star day at #stagecoach and judging by the painted cars in the lot Luke Bryan might be the biggest draw.
I'm liking it more and more.
you're right- I thought they were red from the pic, but just checked out pi in flickr .com and they are orange!
I know! Makes me mad.
Thanks for sharing our deal :)
Pls follow me im hoping that you follow me back im waiting for about 1year...lol...neversaynever
sounds like you'll be ship shape in no time!
Go girl!
fixing to watch paranormal activity 1 and 2
Hey Darryl! Have you started the Scavenger Hunt at the #b2bexpo? Stop by booth 318 to get a peek at our prizes!
When I die I hope I'm buried face down, so people who don't like me can KISS MY ASS
In NYC Sex & The City 2 midnight premier show...
Well no real trees. Fake ones, outta paper. Which comes from trees, Oh no bueno.
You're welcome Lucy! But you deserve all the credit for being who you are! I'll go & follow your 2nd account now too. :-)
thank you for #following us!
I proposed to over fondue. We want to eat foundue in the homeland of fondue.
Then I told him that I think my BF would be pretty upset if I were in a relationship w/ him O_o
I feel the same way
not sure what ur referring to.. sorry
"You can change that spart plub."
actually, no. I have you for that.
Since Sunday I've been prompted to pray, "Obliterate all shadow of doubt with Your light"
Thy will, not mine.
hell yea..every season there's a new group of Pokemon...like wtf? Their scientists suck to not discover them before
And though I was active in a lot of Sports and got along with most of the guys, I think I used comedy as a defense mechanism
oow thats sweet i love you thanks (:
Dre is going to order pizza.
Basketball shorts and Vlados
putting sex before work? Smh
...just like George Bush Jr. couldn't help being.......well you know,lol.
Anderson firefighters arriving at fully involved structure fire in 500 block of Hawthorne Ave. Check details
I'm dancing like I'm the only one
Left pinky finger Blue!!!
PR HAS SIZE 18!!! Dafuq? why they skip 14 when I was there?
Happy First Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchisee....Rebecca Bartlett! Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
Does anyone know where to get an avocado burrito in Albuquerque???
I'm tired of not being able to go anywhere in my car
Well if they just put everything online you wouldn't have to request the information.
This show, I promise will be even better..have some big surprises for all of you
Do ra mi fa so?
Heather Need Some Help With Her Grammar .
Want to thank you all for following us!
Terry Bradshaw's in my hotel. Why? Chargers game?
We love ! Three continents on this morning's planning call...big plans for 2012. Stay tuned....
Only one way to make it yours. Enter the contest and share it with as many people as you can.
never have to worry about a date. Just 3 mins in a quiet spot and you are good to go.
206+ birthday wishes on FB is making me smile with a slight hangover from 5 JD n Cokes last night- but i got to rock the stage so im happy!
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet, having -1 characters left.. and then having to decide which grammar crime to commi
The Internet has become the town square of society. Instead of people on soapboxes you have bloggers. – Great connections by Busby
I'm upset at her terrible tan. What in thee fuck?!
For those of you who love good storytelling, tune in now to WOSU 820. The Moth Hour is among the best. (archived stories found online)
: Call Queen or Diana ASAP!!!
Well, we're kinda back online... sorta...
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Should we grow a ZZ Top-inspired beard for #Summerfest? Discuss. We'll need to get started right away.
Early wheels were wood or metal. Hard to grip and affected by temp. Plus they look race.
Our newest foster kitties - come in to say hi and play !!!
I don't like this tweet. The end.
I just watched the video, Mina! It's amazing! :D Great job! Thank you for including us in it.
#WAKA Dodgeball has arrived! Starting in Boston this July. www.wakadodgeball.com
Gonna be gone for about 4 days or less. Hope I don't loose followers! )':
There will come a day when I can actually meet HOPEFULLY AT WARPED.
I assume you didn't send me that message then?
The faster I learn not to care, the better off I'll be.
Possible UC tuition hikes=more students seeking colleges outside of CA. I can help you understand how to leverage your geographic diversity.
You are reading it? Do you want to see the movie with me?
Except in nature, every creature WORKS to sustain itself, doesn't sit on its ass waiting for handouts from others.
moving 130 people into midtown manhattan apartments...what a day
#ThingsThatILike people using Taap.it to share what they're doing with their friends :)
Awesome! I was up there for a friend's wedding last year. Red sand beaches, Green Gables, ferries, Cows ice cream. You'll love it!
Psalm 75:7 It is God who judges: He brings one down, he exalts another.
thanks for the lovely shoutout! :)
no they didn't we had more way more ppl than yall
you gonna learn today!
Even if VA Tech Plaintiffs prove school could have done more to prevent deaths of students, damages are capped at $100k for each family
Must admit I fell asleep working on VCT. Didn't see a thing. :)
Tigers vs Cardinals in the World Series Tigers in 5 LOL
If I knew what a vultures sounds like I would be squawking and waiving my arms like a bird. I was all over it.
AAAAHHHHHH my MLB Network has no sound
51 fouls in that game
If you want to climb over a wall that seems too high, throw your hat over first, then go get it.
Big shout to you need to #follow her now!
Just made first dentist appointment in a loooonnnggg timmmeee. Now am really anxious and nervous about it.
": #HoodiesUp" n Guns down !
Take that #Mavericks!!! Time for a celebratory drink! Way to go !!!
"A #book is like a #garden carried in the pocket."- Chinese Proverb
@ would love to but I would need a little time to finish up these :)
These hoes ghetto, three different hair styles in one and shit. Smh
then it's settled in the meantime me and Foss gotta make these moves lol
I'd love to meet her too. Can we set this up?
Thanks for all the #FF's #FS's and #FM's :D
Seems slow to me - but the kids and I want school to be out, so I think that's the problem.
I think at least Teague is leaning toward staying. Maybe Lamb too. If that's the case, why have a group conference?
Its #sacburgermonth ! We've got $5 Greek Cheeseburgers today 11am-4pm. Don't feel like pita? Get our 1/3lb patty on a sesame bun instead!
i got a faux leather skirt from forever, what kind of top should i pair with, HELP!
On the roof
Good luck, and don't forget to stretch.
Happy founders day to all the amazing sisters of chi omega!!!!
have to sneak this shout out. 2012 is our year. An amazing room of powerful inspiring progressives tonight.
Three days until Christmas.... I'm not ready yet
yay! Thunderstorms beat snow storms any day, especially when it's 52 degrees out!
Wow I remember when Shaq was a rapper he has done it all a great mentor for young men
With my wife and daughter going out of town, I'd say it's time for me and the boys to plan a trip to
What a beautiful night in Richmond. Nice sunset too! Anyone have photos?
Me too! RT I love when you come across an idea and go to Goodwill and find exactly what you need!
But enough about that....
Doing my baby's hair <3
hey guys if you are in town, come by mama mia's Sunday from 5 to 10pm for glades get together party:)
Nice! Will the cat bother it?
So you think you Maya Angelou huh lol
I just devoured that BLT
No way in hell that was a protest
but im right here
Another beach shoot in the can. Time to select and retouch images. I really love post-production... really... I mean it.
Firefox protests SOPA and PIPA!! THANK YOU!!!
This time last week getting ready for This time this week, missing them. :(
meant 2 say. I am about 2 log off
Amen. I hate the media and the whole "if it bleeds, it leads" mentality.
Woke up with a new tude, real talk new dude!
*Computer freezes.* Me: “WTF? NO!" *Starts clicking everywhere!
75 more people
- I'm sure that's true but that's how I remember you. It all goes by in a flash doesn't it. T
I've always dreamed of being a super-impressive analogy! I'm gonna analogy all over Expo.
.-. i cant figure out how to take Shelby's account off my phone. This is just fucking annoying. haha
(Collective sigh of relief on set) RT : Arrived LA 4 tv spot - is Awesome Baby!
#TheWantedOnTheVOICE Um HECK YES!!
but you should believe it cause you have 2 more years. Hah.
you're welcome. and yeah I'm still reading it but part 5 is a lot better<U+2764> :)
Girl in my 8th period class asked my lil bro whom is 9 years old if he remembered her n he smiled n said "ya ur the girl with the big boobs"
Wow this amazing band just came my way at the right moment. <3 Lovin thiss!
With in the ATR
"maybe because you a spooky bitch"
Those days....
But wit is ur clout score?
Morning naps >>>>
In vegas...whos here with me?
Do you know who else will be at Mosaic? Looks like a lot of the trucks on their original flyer aren't gonna be there...
Okay I'm done with throwing my miraculous tatas in people's faces at 9 then tell everyone im coming to snuggle.
Well how could I dance with another, when I saw her standing there?
How about NYU? Live in the West Village and visit Chris the bartender like, every day.
Me and big bra juz made som flame ass burgers yo
likewise mr. Wyld
just watched 1 second clip of katie perry.. looked like she was ready to hop on her moonrover and go space cruising. very bad choice. .
So far today is a good day :D
Its High 5 Wednesday! :)
I love fall!!
Best of luck to you buddy, you deserve it.
Portlander busy reading about Sebastian Bach on Wikipedia in preparation for wearing his new Skid Row T-shirt he found at thrift store.
Been so busy with work it seems no shoots just work but VNV Nation with a very sexy girl on monday!
saw action bronson in ATX a few weeks ago. Dude was floating the while show in a ganja cloud. Ridic.
we are excited to be playing with the new line up and set. hope to see everyone tonight
can I heard it too...
that is awesome! unfortunately we are pretty old-skool on the tech front...
Watching small soldiers and studying for anatomy
It could be a possibility.
Thank you!
You're quite welcome, Penny.
#ThatDepressingMoment when you realize watching tv is your idea of fun on a Saturday night.
I'm done with my books for the summer :)
Happy last day of January! What are you doing to celebrate #Alaskans?
i owe you email (and cash!) i will send both today. i still have to wire it or paypal or something.
It's too bad someone somewhere thinks Marilyn merits more "stage time" today than Ethel.
Looking forward to SLC also!! We have to have lunch or dinner.
just checking on you...
We'll be giving away prizes tonight for the best Spaghetti Disco tweets & pictures! Use the hashtag
one day before the school year ends there WILL be a food fight!
it's been a very fun episode so far. The outfit is interesting.
Worrying about the past or future only steals from this moments perfection - Kolter Jennings
Oh yeah, it's getting really nice. Still pretty warm and humid but I would say in 2 weeks it will be perfect for running :)
When I already say my day is bad and I have only been up for an hour, feel free to make it worse. Or don't. It's not like you care.
no seriously. Get an iPhone.
We saw your message about the Clean Tech Competition. Are you involved? If so, we are happy to share with the alumni community.
is Beautiful <3
Kinda miss school... Pffft who am I kidding?! I just miss you...
We're glad to have Kelsey Kritzman back at NTH-Lansing, as part of the administrative staff on a temporary basis!
#blue and #truth about success
I just saw BTR on the Bonnie Hunt show!!!! they are so hot!!! :)
100 % of customers are people. 100 % of employees are people. If you don't understand people. You don't understand business.
I have a weird unconditional love for Rondo. I'm not even that mad at him, and I think they may rally without him tonight
Finished our album last night... sounds amazing!
thanks lovely!
This rain is crazy.
"13 Assassins" is a gloriously shot Samurai film that loses its political and philosophical points in the zeal to show more blood and gore.
Fine. There are things worse than fake M&M's. Still a let down
we r almost through
also yeah, that happened to Sean a few weeks ago. it is a thing.
Great to see the 's real-time information dissemination of the #140Cuse conference using storify. Wonderful event!
Overheard just now: "Who knows how to put a glog on our blog?" Answers from around the room: "I do," &jumping up to help.
Know the feeling. Weird solution that helps me snap out of it: do a load of laundry.
Wear whatever youd like! I just want you to have a good time with the 50 friends youre bringing to the show.
It seems like this week is gonna go very slow.....
Have a nice condo available in N. Myrtle Beach starting May 12. On the beach! Please contact me for information.
what subject is this?
what's 's name in drawsomething? ...since he prob won't tell..
m, yes, Emmett & #Trayvon have too much in common, sadly, 57 yrs on. invokes the past to inspire the now,
outkicked yr coverage, eh? love having you on the morning drive.
After viewing that review, kindly spend some time in the "Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed" section. Too funny.
YOUR life is only what YOU make it
Things are getting heated in the 'Ville. Extra police to be placed all over town. Is it Saturday yet?!
Finishing up the last few items for tmrw and Thursday's Cast Member Housing Fair! Yay Anaheim!
I'm in love but I also feel like a total backstabber!!! Why me?!?! :(
Yippee. Mowing lawns. God bless you, too, and continue healing.
Thanks for the RT. It is yummy indeed. Maybe I'll open another this week.
The women are ready to get together and find their purpose! There are about to be a lot of Illuminated Women descending on Phoenix.
Curled my hair :D and it actually doesnt look retarded! yay(:
We have no set date, but what I can say is Son!!! lol Thank you so much for the support!!! please Share the video w friends and fami ...
did you watch?
I wish my phone was a blackberry or iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
hey I'm not quiet!! And there is 2 quarters of bball left...Wolves CHOKED against OKC..we'll see how this goes!
Thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
yup! How the tile world turns.... Crazy I know
Thanks man appreciate it
SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR!! TOMORROW!
i can't stop the war, shelter homeless, or feed the poor. i can't change the world and make things fair, but the least that i can do is care
can u give me a shout out pls??<33
Playing TONIGHT at the Celtic Cup in Tullahoma, TN from 7-9 PM w We'd love to see you!
I hope you know Cody has no idea that you exist.
Catch up on waterloo road, yup
nice to connect with you, Lisa!
"Of God, She dreamed of him in the way of women who are in love with men." Oh Early Christianity, you so crazy
Had a great night danced a lot and my feet killing me!!!! Met a new person :) :D <3 can't wait till school
y'all should also try Lowcountry Backyard while you're on the island. The shrimp and grits are delish.
we need to hang!! Text me(:
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> my anxiety is SO bad right now. Can't sleep. Boo-urns
LOL! *big hugs* This too shall pass...
2 hours spent with our spiffy financial software is more than enough
I go into jj most the time. Last time I had my 2 sandwiches before they'd finished ringing it up.
Q3 No ramen? How do your kids survive in college?
got to cut down on #lakers 2nd chance opps
": I'm not afraid to love you , but I am afraid to lose you ."
God I have not been on much been so busy here and just tired when I get home :(
Just go away. You've done enough. Leave me alone.
just got home from work. day 1 of tonight! :DD
Good morning U.S.A.!!!!!!!!! Let's hope for a brighter day @ our nations capitol!
Wearing a MSU shirt in an office full of UofM & OSU fans sure does provoke alot of trash talking. Luckily I have a 1 seed team in my corner.
Truth: When I realize I overslept, I jump out of bed like a ninja.
haha, Charlie St. Cloud.
Our taste testers have been raving about Totally Tropical Punch. It has just enough alcohol, and a great flavor!
Get it together boy
Obama would grant amnesty to felons too if they could vote
Practice tonight who's coming?
Schwartz Prize honoree Dr. Peter Onuf speaking on Thomas Jefferson's founding
Just made touchdown back in Indy YOLO
I wanna see pictures of you my beautiful Senior followers going to prommy! <U+263A>
now I need to know Carerra's song...
10 more minutes and then
Putting it on my GoodReads!
a great message for this point in my life “: Don't ever be afraid to take the next step...#BeEpic”
We are writing our first Theme Thursday blog post. I am sure you can guess when it will go live.
Hahaha the new punk'd is hilarious.
Lol..my sis said I'm being mean wateva
The #Mariners offense, like a reverse bear, hibernates every summer.
Whatever -__- just not gonna think about it.
Cute! RT : One of the best nights of the year: dinner at home of Chuck and Kim Yates w
I would look into Huber's - oldest restaurant in Portland!
Stop thinking about what has happened to you and start thinking about what YOU CAN MAKE HAPPEN.
I've been seriously slipping on my diet.......
Good Luck Warhwaks!
About to max on my mommas enchiladas!
fried chicken?? I'm so there!
I WILL FUCKING RAPE YOU
Self Control....A Good Thing To Have...
Got another win . (:
Almost done
Canyon Group chenille robes make great holiday gifts, and you will love our generous return policy! www.rosegardenboutique.com
I chop like a champ.
That is what leadership does--and what it does is more important than what it is or how it works
it wasthe stuff of both legend and nightmares! I'll make sure and chronicle the entire thing on one of the next episodes!
Thank you for the feedback. I'm not sure what service/technology they use to send these, but will share with alumni office.
I'm from the bay I got beats with a label
Brain Floss: The average person can exert approximately 30-40lbs per square inch of pressure with their jaws!
The Black Keys are freakin' awesome. *Peter Griffin voice*
u keeping up with Georgetown -ND??
U niggas talk too much! Pillow talkin too these loose ass hoes!
Today, the world is my oyster! Now, where's my oyster knife?
now following gr8 write up in the paper..praying 4 ya to make the olympic team
Good morning to you
The 26 inning game record is safe forever except there's a September game and both teams go #stlcards w/38 players each dressed...
Adam Yauch: Remembering A Beastie Boy&#39;s Life And Career
as the kids say
one-Q-eight-four maybe?
Deep into the rewrite on
sorry about that ... will shoot u an email tomorrow. Thanks.
The Shutdown Corner Interview: New York Giants DL Justin Tuck - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
So the iPhone apparently does NOT recognize the word "interwebs"
Sitting in cracker barrel, waiting for food! :)
I need you to give a happy birthday shout out to my boy .
*At school* Normal People: *listening to the teacher* Me: WHAT IF AUSTIN MAHONE WALKED INTO THE CLASSROOM RIGHT NOW?!
excited to see you at springfest!
Great photo!
Yup!Same with u..!and whatzupp?
Fish Tacos with chips & salsa $8.99 today!! Grab a Sun King after work with a friend tonight.
That's awesome. You should find a way to join the two
Back in the eighties bro
E-reader users clearly want a non-backlit display that can be read in the dark. But what about color and interactivity?
Rafi just walked into my room and was like, "Aw how cute it's like your 10 again" omg ahaha
O.o okay?
RT : Remember, tweet your #fridayreads and you could win a copy of THE GENDARME by Mark Mustian!
Heh. We ran through all those. And all the logger shows!
New artwork coming soon stay tuned
Taking a page from the book of RT : Had to pull a U-y in the middle of SoCo to go back for my computer. Hi, Monday.
clarification:I wasn't not working, my work is dependent on the presence of people and there's no one here
What does it mean?
Haha! No girl! I was watching Youtube videos :p
That's the movie #Avengers, obviously. Kirby was even named in the end credits.
FREAK SHOW! Music:Conspiracy of Angels-PRIZES:Tornado Tattoo,Redcup Okc,Prohibition Room,Guestroom Records,Sauced,SCUBA Shack more to come!
How 'Bout Them Cowboys! (;
At the airport about to board for Seattle...
thank you for putting us on the list
Apps at Kibo so far are very good. And music is upbeat!
FML. I TRIPPED OVER A TOY FIRETRUCK.
needs to get on board with twitter
Eating too many tacos might be the reason he got stuck in that bathtub.
Relocating harvested 20'-22' long pine wood to our other location in Brookshire, TX. Our beautiful wood is available and can be delivered!
yeah, even young children see the mismatch.
My Contrarian Prediction for the day - Skins will beat the 49ers by 9 points.
the crowds are what make spring break what it is!!
Pinnacle Airlines to furlough 450 pilots
cookies???? Did I hear COOKIES!!!
to the many questions....facebook is not accessible from the hospital so we are on a variety of work arounds but pics will follow on monday
I adore you!! You are not afraid to be who you are....keep being you because I love it :)
Yo pilots gotta make like 200gs a yr cuz u couldnt b payin me no crappy salary to fly a plane!
Lets get to 2-1 RT Patrick Patterson cleared to play tonight against Memphis. Grizzlies pg Mike Conley out with ankle injury.
tacos and torah is cancelled today #sad but "basterds and brownies" is still on for tomorrow!
touche! Hahaha. I actually had no idea what channel it was on (I'm at work). Will be watching in the lunchroom fo sho.
lol. You're sexy.
I miss when i praised god daily. There was always a need to give thanks.
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
Makeup artist tip! To help reduce the appearance of red or dark spots, try Mary Kay® Concealer in Yellow.
I'm sure we crossed paths in Trenton. I was with the refueler crew for 3 yrs & we always visited the kitchen before missions.
The first band I can remember liking that could be called Alternative was the Boomtown Rats. still think The Fine Art of Surfacing is genius
Arrived in NYC for the tea (and coffee) festival to 55 degrees, almost balmy! :). Tomorrow, afternoon tea at Lady Mendl's...
Sam was absolutely unreal omg I can't cope
Less then 24 hours till you get your braces off !
At the #emcomm / #AMA panel at Emerson! Any of you guys planning to come?
mmmn...yes. can't be any worse this time around.
God I bless Your Name for another opportunity
Guilliana needs to eat something and lay off the orange spray tan. Her look is so unnatural. the opposite of elegant.
omg I think we would have slept on the benches if we had to when we were waiting for our ride
My Spelling/Grammar When I'm Tired <<<
aw i hope you do findthem though , that would be cool , btw whats your name ? i cant tell lol :P
Fuller:The government has to show that #DiMasi caused payments to McDonough and Vitale.
Reminder: Warm Springs bridge work is closing down access from I-15 north to 215 from 8pm-5am
I revert back to my original statement: I am not a soccer guy.
United Way's email has been (and continues to be) down today. If you have emaiedl us and haven't received a response please call or resend.
Good afternoon everyone. Long day today. I'll have a new post up later tonight. Think of this as a teaser, only for a blog and online...
just n time to see ur baseball boyfriend, awesome.
I love it.
Also the boss so no grassing about me standing on here loads Follow im within the mood to go greyhound racing
Yeah, saw that. Though I've got to side w Wiki on the general policy - even if they're too strict in relenting
Better jump on the bandwagon now! has 5 new gigs next year already.
Thanks Sara! We have a lot of new and exciting items coming up..stay tuned..
You make a VERY good point.
That's good to hear love . I been great to love . Yes we definitely need to hangout and catchup on things its been a while.
Wish I could just sleep forever!!
Healing Properly After Your Wisdom Teeth Are Removed | Health Blog: When your wounds come in contact with the salt water they will be...
Watching #BGC8REUNION finally <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm looking forward to book club discussion. It was selected in part b/c author is Canadian and we last met on Canada Day :-)
That's cool that you got to meet the President, but how about you bring back to with you?
My glands are beyond swollen right now. I'm going back to bed =)
ok ill start by unfollowing u
I'm almost outside.
you're a champ girl!
Should I spend $100 to upgrade to a smartphone? Or wait two more years when I (hopefully) make more money?
I wanted to let you know that The Davenport serves Starbucks!!! You should try to get your coffee there. (Towers at least)
Help needed: Which Greater Milwaukee area bike shop can rebuild a Maverick fork?
First sighting of lightening bugs :)
Tuesday, May 3: Evaluation of Systane Balance for Normalization of Blink Patterns in a Dry Eye Population (D963) from 3:45-5:30PM.
lol mention me. . . (Ad why are u talking like Edgar Allan Poe)? Lol
Is that Roger Ailes masquerading as Ed Henry?
We have Crispy Blue Crab Cakes on the menu! Served with poached eggs and challah toast!
"eye see you"
Thanks for helping spread the word, ! We all appreciate your leadership on kids' issues, particularly poverty.
Odd day in the archives. Power outlets are down, no wireless, but researchers can keep working. Digitization can't solve all access problems
Spent a great weekend helping the folks from DUI out with the DOG Rally. Great fun; can't wait until next year's event. I love my drysuit!
Long line at the Secretary of State. Two women cussing each other out in the middle of the street. Weekly coney stop.
Bug A Bo
#1 #MORE #DAY :) YOU WILL BE ABLE TO LICK YOUR TEETH!!! They'll be out of jail ;) <33
bet n wen u yall walk
me & have the same neighbor problems
haha lexi will u sing at our wedding :p
There is nothing quite like Texas!
That is why we got Orton.
If u go on YouTube n look up Harry styles crying over hate it's so sad I cried twice
so true, it'd be nice if they wrote her out of gg like they did to Jenny :)
thanks! it was a fun shoot.
At least my oakleys were made in the u.s...
Jerseylicious is so fake! But in a great way!
Glad you Didn't! It was the RIGHT decision. just finally showed his age but he's still brilliant
The high unemployment rate is a sign of a government controlled workforce and a mindset of non-self-reliance
I ask myself that too .
ill get it for u give me a few min
Need a new home comfort system? I can offer 0% financing for 6 months or $300 off.
Good bill Jason.
in better news, got that much needed W
I just saw that they cancelled the segment due to time constraints. Are they rescheduling for tomorrow?
Yo, Fashion Star, why did you skip that lady's runway show? She got all the offers and we didn't get to see her clothes! Weird.
Only 5 more days left to drop off socks at Home Bank of California for the homeless kids in San Diego.
I guess Coach Hollins (Griz) took notes from all the criticism. DOUBLE CHRIS PAUL!!!
Let's make this money then make it stack..
If you’re planning on lying to me, at least make sure I don’t find out the truth.
brazoria school house in Texas. Supposed to be awesome :)
so true! I like to bring mine with me which has resulted in at least two pillows lost during the last five years!
same as my twitter, danrmorrison
Looking forward to your VPP preso. How much time will you present about new iOS configurator app?
i am tweeted rayovacbattery.net
I know mine lives because he turned down lunch at 12:15 (through the closed door). Still no visible sign.
Cher to Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz: MT D.W.Schultz if u & dems do Nothing 2help. . .
I'm sorry to say I don't necessarily mean that in a good way (for me anyway)!
i seriously need a positive tude for school but this sleep deprivation is killing me "."
I am doing my best to be fair and look at all the complexities of what is going on.
"All the needy still need, and all the losers still lose." ::portugal. the man::colors::
Who cares to search Bing and Twitter simultaneously? Does anyone really need real-time search, other than for disasters?
What we dream is all that matters <3
I get it but totally creepy!
Thankfully, Pacers will not meet Bulls in 2nd round of playoffs. Fieldhouse was 60+% Bulls fans for last night's regular season finale.
1T is a rockstar! I had a great time with him at the #MLS w.o.r.k.s. active bodies active minds assembly by yesterday!
I just wanna go home and eat my subway but no, I still have to cook and clean -_-
following people is fun, only that I don't know who to follow anymore... any ideas?
Thanks John! We are!
good things are happening :D
Thx for sharing! RT : Really great article on how to contribute to an OSS project (hint - it's not just code that's needed):...
thanks for the tip! RT : We've got parking spots for only $6 for your Chicago Mobile Meetup.
haha! yep! handmade oldschool DIY baby!
hey u still awake
So excited to get the Creating Wellness project rolling with next week!!!
and some girls breathe b on dat nolia clap so i dnt want dem in my face
Someday, KwikPay (for federal student loans) is actually going to work.
you might need to hit 215 or so....I don't know if 190 will cut it. I know you're working on it though..
It's Baltimore, off to the slaughter...
why u're high? haha
Congratulations! RT : Just signed up for half! Its a few months from now but I am excited!
I want McDonalds For breakfast lunch and dinner.
it's the little things: two of our books have been picked up for new courses this winter!
's advice to entrepreneurs: Grow or die.
when someone talks shit about you then lies to your face saying it wasnt
Venture Capital Bounces Back
Oh No! She is on the Twitter!
New stuff is gonna be more technical pop punk more gang vocals and in drop a# as well as taking our live set to the next level!
hah. Well im positive my parents won't take us. Oh we should invite rachael! Ur mom will let u go with her!
wtf.. Your not bring back How to make it in America!! RT if u feel the same and send a message to HBO
I want coffee, yet, it's 12 in the morning. Nice.
Pretending your the host of a cooking show when your cooking home alone.
you are too cute<3
Thanks for the share! How did we do? Any surprises?
Great sunny weekend so far. Time to catch up on our blog. Happy Sunday!
Don't you hate it when your friend is just on their phone . x_x and they don't say what's wrong rather just hide it and stay quiet , :o
That's a nice way to put it.
Friend stuff
with your mouthparts and extreme skill.
I miss yo face! xo
nope ya made me feel bettr lol
Hey to all Taylor Lautner fans next Saturday is his 20th birthday...just a reminder!
I hope she doesn't follow me on twitter LOL tthat'd suck.
Just had another cupcake. What am I doing to myself??? Happy Bastille Day everyone!
yea they r.
Saw ONE MAN, TWO GUVNORS () and now Will Ferrell is hosting SNL. Comedy heaven!
Had the misfortune of watching the Notre Dame debacle in person. Looking like Turgeon will have a rough 1st year too.
no right :o
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Congratulations to for 40 under Forty!
I want the type of woman that'll force me to be a better man.
Oh, that Martha. And that Oprah! Together, they really could control the universe. I think they already do! Lol!
Sucha cute night ^.^
#RealChange needs your help! Please join our campaign to get 1,00,000 teachers to register their classrooms with !
Here in Converse people are just a little Too friendly
God is Good!
Leg and ab work out this AM!! Already feeling it! And it feels great!
#GoldMedaltwit Stay away. Unreliable, unprofessional. Canceled visit on me 1 hour before supposed to visit and they didn't care.
So far so good! How is yours going?
I am! Stop putting those things cause I can't see them. I only see boxes.. :(
Did you ever see a little girl with dark hair on one of the news stations for a spot called Wednesday's Child?
that and the stuff looks prettier and works better, for the most part. And it's prettier.
RT ... San Diego: don't be fooled by today's weather. Game time Sunday will be sunny and 70F.
hey thanks! :)
15:05 Grandpa in My Pocket: CBeebies. A Song For Miss Smiley: Comedy drama featuring a grandpa with a magical shrinking cap. Mr Whoops has…
Sorry sweet it's true!!
Had a good time at youth. :)
You are welcome!
when isn't he sexy seriously?
Make number one on keek! He deserves it!
I can't wait to go to SC.
About to start my designing motion at #fitcto yay!
In a dresser drawer there is a later thats singed "forever yours"
How do you keep your kids active?
he is an 18 yo white pop star trying to be cool. Prob was drunk too lol
is back at the tonight to take #Athens by storm! Where my #dawgs at?
Look at stoudemire's braids lol.
In love with my boyfriend but ilikee my friend <U+2602>
that's why I'm proud to be an American
only real niggas know what "the curse" was in middle school
Drinking coffee with whole cloves - it's like there's a goth club in my mouth and everyone's invited.
So u were joking. Haha
More cheers than boos now. Sounds good to me
im still mad the bucks didnt want to keep him.
The Godfather
Can't wait until the end of this month... Leaving to Austin.. ! I love my baby..
Birthday in 3 days :)
Well about to go to sleep, gotta read that book so im only gonna get a lil nap in!
& better know how major it is that I got out of bed after three days of no sleep and manual labor to come see them.
what are the odds...i'm wearing the same top as
I started laughing after I asked him why he thought that (couldn't help it) so he just told me to stop laughing.
Damn that was mean.. But okay! :-/
Happy Mother's Day, Mom! You are the best mom on the planet.
Shopping at Uncommon Objects on SoCo is a MUST, as is catching a flick at the Alamo South. Check The Chronicle for movie times
enslavement of spirits is what most nations do posing as governing/ throughout cycles of world imagination plunder means profit [2/4]
I cannot believe how many times I have been sick the last few months. Really need to spend some time sitting and breathing.
Of course they had a team, but this was a story about the inception of a team. Serenity wasn't an origin story.
Thank you! See you wednesday!
Finals tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
at Noon starts in 15 minutes! Join & for news and weather!
I'm on that too... and will try to pretend to be the hulk tonight so I can snack :)
ya there?
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. Napolean Hill
Bout to get started on some of this homework & enjoy this quiet time while my son sleeps
how bout it
#nevershouldyouever walk under a ladder unless a hot girl is on the other side
Season starts early this year! back to doin what i love
Never underestimate the power of a good bowl of Cheerios.
Wow. Very sad to hear of the passing of Carroll Shelby. Those who know of the Shelby Cobra, or are motorsports fans, all will miss him.
Good Morning! What a beautiful Spring day! Got a little rain last night and today is sunny and beautiful! Receiving 4 yards of soil today!
Am I the only one who is not into getting up at 4am for 1/2 off socks? Just sayin.
Why is that broom staring at me?
congratulations Nate!
Nick Johnson pinch hitting. I need not watch any comedy shows tonight when I get home
i look forward to growing, just never growing up
Deadly Sins of Public Speaking #3: “The lustful speaker attempts to calm their nerves by applying the advice to picture the audience naked!”
State tomorrow
“: Finding out that some of my friends cut themselves makes me want to cry so hard”
finally get a chance to lay down & I'm not even tired anymore!? are you kidding me right now!!?
how do you use twitter in your classroom?
Romney had a gift dropped in his lap #uppers. He could have owned Bullying and used it as a way to win people over. Again, idiot.
This is beautiful
Yow ...pilates kicked my ass last night. I swear even my fingers & toes are killing me.
Sometimes I can't believe I get to be friends with people like My life is amazing.
Gleukos now available at Greenfields Market in San Antonio, TX. / Come by and fuel up
Excited about all the awesome programs LITA is sponsoring at ALA Annual 2010
Got to work early. 5 hours early >_<
spoiler: link isn't to a "call me maybe" video, but i suppose we could add that to the playlist
Leaving Lincoln and debating my next Irene move. Hm....
“: Andy Reid says report he wanted Jason Pierre-Paul and Howie/ Banner wanted Brandon Graham was false.” >> OK, so probably true
all I need to complete the trifecta is something great from They kill it on #social engagement too.
just school :(
Aw, I have to log off . Brian needs to get a phone already .
our brand new twitter account and new website coming December 1. Thank you everyone for following us!
There were a series of small (or large) decisions, carried out on a regular basis that probably caused the problem.
Think email is okay now. Those who know me can guess that if I did come up with a get-rich-quick scheme, I'd probably keep it to myself.
We sure do! RT : The team super loves for his unrelenting support of our project.
Percentage chance that Suns make a deal of any kind by Thursday? You got a number?
So I was getting ready for bed, started brushing my teeth, then got on my laptop. Half hour later... I realize I'm still brushing my teeth.
Very good point!!!
RT : Pleased to note that I will be making regularly monthly appearances on You've been warned...
Wonderful! Should be a great festival....
Damn it seems like I need a haircut every 2 weeks
Ivy is a science buff already. She can't get enough of the kitchen sciences book we borrowed from the library.
Why the hell am I watching Gold Member?!
I wanna film today. Bout to hit Dre up & see what time we can make shit happen.
not long enough... But I hear it from many folks. I'm not alone. iPhone has better power management by far. It's pretty obv to me.
How are you, When you reciece this could you contact us ?
hahaha ah thank goodness. I will go in the next couple weeks :) I'm so stoked!
I wanna go to the next wine tasting at Shorty's with you!
Danny stupid I swear tlking 2 him on BBM
Happy Sunday Phunday!!! I can see ur starting the day off right!!! (as did I) take it lite, smile
MT : Instagram helps me view the world thru eyes of someone about to die of carbon monoxide poisoning in a candlelit room.
Thanks for the link yesterday!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Perfect day in Florida! Even though I look like a weirdo sitting outside w/ 15 bone models, talking to myself practicing informed consent...
I haven't found another one that even makes sense..
so excited to learn that "solstitial" is the adjectival form of solstice. what a great word! cannot wait for next solstitial party.
I guess that's why I'm single
create a digital text book using wikipedia: left side of site, print/export option make chapters, cover page, etc.
Shoulda let Bron take that last shot.
well thts good :-)
I will be LIVE on The Wendy Williams Show on Fox - Feb 17, 2011..make sure to tune in and please RT
Great read! Charles Villagers, come enjoy the green space at the VLP's community garden!
#childhoodsandwiches bread and bologna sandwich
Mindblowing....RT Mega Millions is up to $640 million.
Snow all melted because of the Rain. Good or bad? At least i can start my business training today. :-)
Don't take the little things in life for granted, appreciate them!
I'm SO curious to know what is doing today! :O
I needa start getting my shit straight. Ima prove him wrong & show him I actually care about him & our relationship.
other peoples decisions are affecting my life and its giving me anxiety.
See a movie recently? Share a brief review and we'll RT our favorite!
My left hand has been hurting really bad lately <U+E40F> what if I have arthritis
Something I've been wondering: When you invite someone to Epic Church, what do you tell them when they ask "Why you go?"?
hedgehogs are so cute
hey :D
Chipper v. Moyer, about 90 years between two of them, one of oldest batter/pitcher matchups ever??
Sunday, Sunday, SUNDAY! We'll be going crazy making pasties with the Ooh La La Burlesque ladies! Can't wait to see you Ninjas!
LeBron= battering ram
I wish you were on the Feds. See Monsanto and the FDA. No GMO
- Alex, did you know that Huskies get 10% off waffles when they show a valid student ID card?
well, it's 1:15 and give or take, we've had 315 people in this tiny library since 9am. all good!
Oh loveerrrrr, when you call my name..
Seek first to understand, then to be understood. -Stephen R. Covey
RT I've got to run to Ben's work to get our car. Being a 1 car family is making me exercise today :)
Chinese supermarkets check out new business models
Sorry I missed you! I should be around a bit tomorrow. Look for me on FB.
You can get stoned & learn something new..
dang it.
A big thanks to for hosting a great conference!
IT'S GAMEDAY!!! ...and no it WON'T be the last one!
Smog Special 4 regular smog and test only $40 out the door w/ cash any car, truck, or van print coupon on our site MorenoValleyTestonly.com
Got to work all wet -_____- I hope I don't get sick
RT Gorgeous slideshow of some of the best in city planning RT City Geometry, Seen From Above nyti.ms/rlSoMR
yeah, but its worth it
You mean to tell me the NCAA couldn't find an artist more relevant in the past 10 years than Monica?
Server is down while repairing wounds. Fresh brains being installed. Will be back online shortly.
You're my coolest follower so far. Tell your friends to follow me! A good hero needs fans!
Party tonight?
yes! I took the Circulator home. It will be my main method from now on.
#WillAllTheTwitsPleaseSitDown the things I say to myself aren't as good as the things I say to others
Things to do today: 1. Dig a hole 2. Name it love. 3. Watch people fall in love.
Favorite quote by my acting teacher: "Feel what you're feeling, not what you think the character needs" 's book STAR POWER
Wow, only 10 percent of North America's 337 million meters are "smart."
#WeAllHaveThat tendency to wait to the last minute to make weekend plans... get your tickets for #SpeakingOfFebruary4th today and save $5!
Damn, Twitter is dead AF!!
Congratulations to my friend Leonard Johnson on being signed by the Tampa Bay Bucs! Welcome Home!
thanks for RT!
“: Listening to ”SWEET!
Great night cookin at the restaurant...now time to have some cold ones with the homie Cheea
True, but it's great to think about how we can be really innovative w/ twitter as a learning tool...
do you really think its ok for those teams to be better than UL? UL is better than that...they should never leave top 20.EVER
real parents don't relax not natural lol
Carl DeMaio quotes the OB Rag in one of his mailers attacking Fletcher. Wow. I don't think Carl knows me when i get mad.
Woohoo thanks girl!! =)
Excited 2 emcee #alumni event on 5/8! Excited to meet Kelly Larson, HS & College Alum, Pres Allen & Coach Jacobson
RT : BREAKING NEWS: After watching his performance against Liverpool, Bayern Munich are to appeal John Terry's CL final...
soon go out and go around Rome with some beautiful girl!
hahaha dude omg you should have done that!!! I would've been laughing so hard! Hahah
Holy Shift.
love you too Blake
Let's try this again: #agirlcandream totally wish would move to VA instead and become mayor of Richmond ... <sigh> Love him
Friends of WFGM Kroger Gift Card Give Back Program...remember to use your gift card this weekend as you shop for all that Halloween candy!
Woohoo 3rd store had it and now I do to! #wonderwoman, #birdsofprey, and
Why are they all so pale?
thnx for the RT! I was just reading about your spring employee wellness programs via your blog - they sound great!
Party tonight with for his album release party. 4 Guest List & Tables text: 818.602.7979
#TextsThatGetYouScared I heard something about you today
Cuz those r clutch hits.
"Some of the best things we do come from American Education. We wanted that." MJ Gallagher (Ontario)
Superior woman does not seem very superior.
Did you know? That 's first day on set of #prettylittlethings required him to swim, do cannonballs, drink beer & make-out.
also had lenses fixed there at the same time. Everything works perfectly now. I'm quite happy
i don't wanna share.
listen now!!!!
: Im going to the gym ; Me: I'm going to eat spaghetti
The Bad part of that is sometimes U find out ex post facto! know U could careless abt Ppls feelings U only want facts = Slow Painful Death
If only there were a proper Wi-Fi signal in the galleries! Hint, hint :D
MTV's "16 & Pregnant" commercial - girl screaming at guy calling him a "dead beat dad"! Umm, right! Can tell this show has great perspective
Aye! Shout out to the Illy! xo
Makes me want to hit the wait staff. RT : Appetizers. Definitely. Ugh.
yu cute thanks
I'm so proud of a.k.a. Congratulations!
Help Wanted RT : Seeking truck & Man for hire this afternoon, to pick up and deliver chicken coop HELP!?
What to watch now? Last Dragon was good havent seen that movie in years
I wish it was Thursday
Today is so beautiful and I will be stuck on a sound stage all day...I can't complain!
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance!.
props for playing soccer. How about a skills video?? Haha
but does it really scale out with more system performance with more nodes??
Someone told me I'm not a real black person
i'm getting off, bye
we got it
i just wanna say...P.O.Y.B.L is one of the best pieces of music i've heard in a long time #realmusic <3 u!! :D
Unfortunately some things have some out here in Fl that others haven't seen or heard about yet so it's really not the media's fault
I'm laughing at my timeline right now.
check out the TED talk on the guy who trains crows to pick up trash.
Wow you piss me off!
Wishing our family over at the a big happy 30th birthday! In honor of big day, will be lit in blue tonight
It's friday friday <3 and on monday I don't have school :D #YEEEEY !
The desire has come back to do the things you used to do. And because we're not fasting we don't have power to withstand
reinventing the wheel to run myself over-FOB. All the pretty girls-FUN.
Your packages were mailed today!! Let me know when you get them. Love you BOTH so much!
favorite color???(:
Very productive lunch break
It occurs to me that I'm out of the habit of photographing my crafting projects. I'm proud of my new rugs though and want to show them off.
hey Nate. has filming started for unknown son? hope you're doing well and there's no delays
I will be on WGNO’s News With A Twist at 5PM on Monday!! (Feb. 27th) pulllease watch people!!!
Time to pull over and get a room.
Enclave Chicago tonite then some afters. Who down?
That's really awesome about the shelving from Borders. Congrats
props on the vid!! can't wait for delts on saturday now!!
Our fruits and vegetables may look great, but most of the time that’s where it stops. We all need
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (nnz2v)
People don't fall in love, they fall in lust. Love isn't something you fall into, you do it on purpose.
I hate my brother. He is such a stupid crybaby.
I think the winner of the fight should get 60% & the loser get 40%
That moment in the shower where all the soap in your hair is now in your eye < :( FML
that or people must have thought it was an 8 pm start...
drunk Jo, nerdy glasses, getting in his pants....wait what?
Now that I've been informed my aural skills hearing is going to be tomorrow along with two juries it will take a miracle for me to survive
Dear Santa, for Christmas I would like to not be gunned down at work. Love, Me
#AWP12 unexpected magic: Received a Dairy Queen gift card from Mary Bisbee Beek, book person extraordinaire and star of Portlandia.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship. Ha
lol whats up with the spanish name??
City fighting illegal biking/hiking trails - Helena Independent Record
We have tickets to the showbox show next Friday, October 16th. W/ Tweet, message, email...what'ev us to get some!!
I don't enjoy tons of legal jargon, but if it's gonna to be there The way things are w/ the internet now practically invites it
When are you more productive? When the office is full or when its empty?
nigga on crack....AND ITS NEGRO YOU DAMN NEGRO >.>
Were getting a cheddars in Clarksville
why you gotta be so mean?
hehe you guys are the sweetedt together yall are the five bestfreinds:);)
Happy Happy Mother's Day, Linda.
Night night twitter......
We cater to the #beautiful and #curvy...check us out!
Oh dear - big risk! RT : Seahawks pull of 1st round shocker: West Virginia LB Bruce Irvin.
I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOU EITHER <3
I hope they let me go home early cause it's slow
ok, off to meetings and signings, hello hollywood, wish me luck xoxo, and thanks for all your support
so.. is true that is going to be on #digitour?!
Back from painting frames and a new painting; though tired and hungry, I couldn't leave because I felt like I was painting my very best!
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove
That awkward moment when your parents ask if you like anyone.__.
Row B Center - Let's give put Cleveland on the map!
vic gave me a pass for life lol wtf get here
that's that shit I don't like
there's a Vosges in Vegas if you're still there. Caesars forum shops... And Yes Birthday hair!
I love the NFL.
i love the idea of being dressed up in lights
With that kind of ringing endorsement, what choice do I have?
A friend of mine: "betting the Cavs have an injury that screws them for a few weeks is like shooting water in a water bucket."
what are the rules for the yearbook project? D: I'm dying here
very true
Beautiful day and then an intimate chauffeur-driven session with young guru this evening!
shit yea! We must hug.
Moments of individual productivity cannot be singled out for merit in collaborative ventures
And yank still has to be parsed, which can be a pain.
What have you to loose by trying? But think of what you gain.
To stay in and watch Netflix all day/ night or actually go have a life.... Netflix it is.
Yes, it's Monday again. Just try to make the best of it. ;-)
In Review
I ain't even tripping about working all Summer, I'm getting money nigga lol
OMB I DIED HE LOOKED SEXY
I don't understand why people take pictures of themselves showing their middle finger… seriously, was the camera mean to you or something?
RT : It’s Mojito and Martini #Monday! Come by to kick-off the week in the best possible way. Select items available in the...
he never recovered from krags
It's sunny and warm where we are. Why aren't you here? The trains are here through Sun. Jan 8, don't miss it! $3.
I have no friends :c
Check out The book Take the Lead by went to her workshop w #paconferenceforwomen- was fabulous!
“: Life will throw u curveballs, just learn how to hit them an you will be fine.”Also learn how to hit fastballs while at it.
And you should go with Oliver. Only so I can explain to my dad while there's a kid with name running around.
Happy Mother's Day to the television, which has been raising American children for decades
I regret not seeing #HarryPotter at midnight. This must be how everyone felt when they missed the apocalypse in May.
Oh yeah, I should have asked first, are you feeling better?
Happy Monday!! Had an awesome weekend!!
Bummer. I'll be there tomorrow from 11-1 if he's going to be around.
we enjoyed some of the great films you showed on Friday! Looking forward to next year! Plan a drive down to attend
Carla Januska, Creative Director at Go East and Jennifer Manion, Content Strategist Feed the Beast: Creating Content for Brands
“: I Love #muffulettamonday ”so do we - thanks !
Uh oh, Bob Uecker picked an iPhone. This is gonna be gold.
great work! Good on you and your students!
CR England Awards a Harley-Davidson in MPG Promotion - MarketWatch (press release)
Want a winning options trade every month? Follow our option trades, u make money...it's that simple. www. OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Sorry mom I can't wash the dishes because Donatella Versace
Huntsman needs to make a graceful exit!!!
meeting today! Doing work, making things happen, lots of "Woohoo" sounds from Brandon.
Paul McCartney! Always there when we need you the most!
Budgeting all day, editing at night.
ITS A STAMPED-N-FAMILY TAKE OVER!! LEGGO !!!
i just wanna lay in my bed forever and not work tonight.
OH on scanner: Caller says housekeeper is there, refusing to clean & refusing to leave. Unsure if she's drunk or on drugs. Has interlock.
Apparently when starting weight loss, it takes 4 wks to see your body change, 8 wks for friends/family, 12 wks for the world. Keep at it!
Yeah birthdays jarent the same as when your a kid. I actually stopped counting & takes me a minute to remember my age :oP
lol. Wait until your prom!
if you follow me...I'll DM it to you(:
oh my gosh I just dropped it hold on I gotta go find it
thank ya!
If our God is for us, then who can be against us? - Romans 8:31
I am so bad at this whole TY for the follows, so thank you to all who follow me, appreciate the support & all the RTs!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but I use no condom, so here's your baby.
best of selena gomez life are family and good friends!!
holy tits its windy. my house is about to blow down
I'm excited to play at Winston's Beach Club tomorrow night in Ocean Beach!!
Super late to #canningchat but wanted to give my thumbs up to for that #RoastedRhubarbKetchup cc:
uncc uses kaltura. our ctr for teaching & learning folks can talk to you about it.
Happy Friday!
Sounds like a problem with your theme or a plugin you enabled, I would check those two places first.
Is that your only eReader?
Kate Hudson's shoes deserve a shout out. Fabulous!!!
get the Thomas bed with built-in tracks
Did you know that with enough sunlight your skin can produce vitamin D?! Have a great weekend! :-)
- thanks for the mentions!
not yet! I need to!
Offensive Lineman. Please, football gods: Right Tackle turnstile remedy.
I got more followers than you
not sure Smoak can be wound any tighter anyway.
Keep the guesses coming! Throw out a number and you might win a $30 dinner!!
It's Friday! Not to many plans this weekend. I have a meetup on Continuous Web Start-ups, but I think I need to sleep in tomorrow.
I love reading about Mifflin, and all the current UW students pretending they are 'blowing off steam.' Ive been there, call it what it is.
'Gonna make it happen' for new group of 7th graders, starting tomorrow;)
was doing the HIIT workout at this morning a few stations ahead of me. Way to set the example, Eleni!
i used to LOVE being single, now i just wanna boo.
nightowling it with , , , and a whole mess of folks!
#ihavenotolerance for people that can't hold their liquor!!
Some people live with HIV infection without feeling any symptoms for many years and don‘t even imagine that they are infected.
Happy Monday. Back on the grind.
Come home from the beach and there's nothing to do in Roanoke
I am still recovering from Men's final at the Australian Open tennis. And all I did was watch. Pure sport!
I'm disappointed on you air.
received the best #birchbox today. full sized products... all 5 products were great. money well spent
Our focus is helping you save money, gaining new customers for small, local businesses. Plus you can give back to your favorite charity
can you make It so you can view pictures sent via message?
Dale Heat!
(WI), Gov John Kasich (OH) thought he could strip workers of their rights too. How do you like THEM apples?
are u meditating <U+E517>
So i never get on twitter
Thanks for the mention Sean!
ah, I thought the two on the right looked like pretty legit coaches ;)
Me n on that #PrincetonGrind Everyday!
Huge thanks to you for your nice tweet AND for coming tonight.
Too tired from managing the intellectual, emotional, and logistic demands of family, WORK, and friendship to comment on Ann Romney.
Prince on the internet: starts a website for his wedding w/ thoughts on love and fate in 1996, releases song "Emale" -
What's good? #SOMEONETWEETME PLEASE my mentions are dead:'(
thats good! i'm going to fl this week
": When asking for anything, say please." Know is when you tell me
A friend asked me to take me to see Wayne Shorter tonight at Lincoln Center. Hell Yes!
Edgewood College finally getting the pub they deserve with an upset win over River Falls. First tourney win in NAC histry, not bad.
how about we... take a picnic to rock creek park and figure out what we're going to call the new NCOR
my kinda guy
Officially annoyed with my FB page oh well calling it a night sweet dreams everyone much love muaaahhhhh
nope but I wish I was :)
it went very well! I had a great time. after I was fortunate enough to hang out with some friends from all over the world
no thanks, I'm ok. Haha :)
Free New Helvetia tasting at Beatnik Studios for Sac Beer Week 6-9pm.
your dad
Saw my mom off safely to surgery. Praying all goes well.
hooray for free afternoon concerts with JC Brooks & the Uptown Sound!
Had Funn Todayy, Then Got In BIG Troublee So Thaa Rest Of My Plans Are Ruined : /
HAHAHAHA! my dude!!!! Gotta get you up here to record soon
After the next big snowstorm, clean off your mate’s windshield in the shape of a heart.
Not Darren?! RT : Top boy names in the US in 2011 Jacob, Mason, William, Jayden, Noah, Michael, Ethan, Alexander, Aiden, Daniel
And the people called it Ragtime
I love now that's a nigga wid #swag blunt and #dontgiveafuck keep your Tweets coming and tell it like it is
Finally, the bus payment device errored in MY favor for once, and I'm riding free. I'm slugging… on the bus. ;)
NBA execs monitor draft prospects Twitter accounts to see what they tweet about and the type of language they use!!!
sad! they're taking the melrose out of melrose place.
FDMF is our new PREPUMP ALERT the train is boarding dont miss it
Ugh Chick-Fil-A lemonade is the bbes ever.
is a terrible ISP. That is all.
Hey go follow my sista/band member...she pretty. Rt.
hey i can give u a song calls i wont apologazie ill give u the lyrics and omg which channel on dish
Be listed as an Expert Witness with us today! www.freereferral.com
Only divorced dads have black leather couches
If you got swag you would follow me :D
Go out and make someone smile today.
I need new people to replace all my old friends
This is the body, and this is the blood. Broken and poured out for all of us. #lyrictweet #thirdday <3
If you use an eFolio, what should I prepare (if anything) to actually GIVE them in the interview? A pretty half sheet with the web address?
Debate over #MichelleRhee performance as teacher proof of the need for more (not less) transparent value added data.
has he given up an earned run yet?
Oh wait. The surprise, off key backing vocals from the waitress, thats really meaningful.
While Rick Perry is praying for rain, is he ignoring the possibility that this drought is a sign from God that global warming does exist?
wow! That is so unbelievablely sick! Had to b a time that somebody decided to break in AND safe was open..sorry. can feel ur pain
Gotta get to bed and rest up, dont wanna **actually** get sick for realz and miss all teh fun this week!
favorite guy on idol is stefano. :D
#OTGTIPS FOCUS ON YOU, AND WATCH YOU WILL ACHIEVE GREAT THINGS!
Why aint go to school ?
not sure how that's relevant to whether or not objects are processes. Can't get the video
Stoked to be shooting tonight!!
you should bring the kiddos by for some ice cream this weekend...our treat of course!
To listen and be heard.
- Going to see at a Beard Contest in Detroit tonight.
So sad!! RT : #WhitneyHoustonDies Sorry to her family
are y'all staying in downtown? Like could we run into Before? And it's worth it, not as bad as fl to Cinci!
just watched this kid hit his cat daddy while blasting music in the corner of the airport
sad day....NEXT YEAR IS PAYBACK
“: the awkward moment when....SHUT UP I HATE YOU! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>” boom.
Great article!
Hey - things are good! Been so busy I had to cut down on Twitter. Hope to see you in HP!
Teabag is more degrading.
my timeline is hella boring right now
Lets play tag...
Follow my company
that's ok, it's what sundays are made for!
that's ok! I missed u. Uvbeen gone for-ever. The songs doin.. Okay. No more writers block! :D
RT : A3: pro - wide variety of options/opportunities and influence. con - everyone thinking you should do it for free
Sticking to a regular exercise program and proper nutrition are two very important rules to keeping up high energy all day.
So excited about the show tonight at ! With and !!!! 7pm! Repost!!!
:) RT : My own personal inspiration comes in the form of two words smashed into one twitter address...
Heck, I've been gaming since the Commodore 64. Nowadays it's mostly console games like Arkham City and Uncharted.
and the team are working up something special for #Drupal called Skinr! Stay tuned...
#FF My 1,200 follower Tell her what's she's won Johnny.
yeah got home at 10 last night, headed on another job Wednesday looks like. Hey did you pick up my watch?
be nice!
With almost every competitor, there is often an element of cooperation, collaboration and synergy. Don Zinn, Exigent Search Partners
SHOOTING MYSELF IN THE FACE BECAUSE I AM NEVER EVER GETTING A BOYFRIEND #UGLY/FATGIRLPROBZ
I am beyond concerned about Toney Douglas essentially becoming benchwarmer... Is he a hold or would pick someone else up...
Katie, would love to mail you some. Might be a little stale by the time you get them!
Night night :)))
In everything the ends well defined are the secret of durable success. -Victor Cousins
”An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.” - James MacNeill Whistler.
Just a sprained ankle here. Xrays showed no hairline fracture. I'll be laying on the couch if you need me.
Fmr housing counselor: Folks being kicked out who didn't buy more house can afford need a chance to cut thru loan mod BS --Here! Here!
Shocked to discover we do not have either "new media" or "digital history" in our taxonomy of specializations. Any preference?
You and the rest of the leftist scum including the national embarressment Obama won't bring Gen. Stanley McChrystal down. STFU
The LearCenter's is live tweeting from today's Penn Law symposium on IP Issues in Fashion Law.
BAD ASS. Thanks for the invite!
Fujifilm to Increase Prices for Film And One-Time-Use Cameras - WebWire (press release)
Actually, I'm originally from MN, but have had a home here in PGH since 1994.
Just got word...I ain't got to go down there to them, they comin up here to meet me....
agree, one extra day in Feb = 24 more hours of awesomeness
I am one in a Million. #wiunion pass it on!
Congrats to on the AA promotion. Now all he needs at the dish so he can shove and
Oh no! Ick! Oh well.
I'm kind of hoping Natalie Portman bitch slaps Robin Roberts with her big Black Swan wing....
Patrick, you can still evaluate our touch screens. You will just need to sign an evaluation agreement and pay for shipping.
you give me the kind of feeling people write novels about <3
What I would give to be in the UK student section Saturday.....
oops I forgot to mention
Still can't believe McShay said there isn't much difference between RG3 and Tannehill. Why he works for the four letter and not an NFL team
No, but I could likely turn one up with little digging. Unless Traylorbot360 has it in his renowned mental database.
Just confirmed a beer dinner for Tuesday, May 8th with ! Stay tuned for more details..
A sneak peek of this year's fabulous magnum bottle of Rusack Vineyards Santa Catalina Island 2009 Pinot Noir, to be auctioned off at...
thanks for following! We love quotes too! Check out our inspiration at www.wearelux.com
Happy Birthday! Hope it was a good one!
S/O to for tweeting the same song at the same time I did!! (:
I have to really like the book and there can be no boring chapters at all
Looking forward to serving 800 folks at BRIDGESTONE AMERICAS on Friday with
The ten seconds that 1D was in a skit > The whole episode of iCarly
Wow Russ
boys are stupid.
At least they're topical whether they know it or not. I'd hoped they were ironic, but judging by the links, I doubt it.
If your gut's not healthy, you're not healthy.
30 Day Challenge Group Beginning January 2, 2012. Write me back or message me to let me know that you are interested in participating in…
My wife is mowing the lawn while I tweet and read. Feel kinda guilty. Kinda.
Trying best to drink cheap merlot, but both kids bent on not sleeping
you did really good today!!! I'm so happy I got to meet you(:
Have a blast! xx RT Started the base tan for my girls' trip to Cabo in 11 days. Bye bye Seattle sallow!
yes you is. Quit frontin
All Haters can't stand that believing in people can make a difference and it takes us out of oil business.GO GM
well I'll probably be walking, but instead of liquid bricks, I'll be carrying my fat ass.
Rainy kind of gloomy weather. Hot soup sounds appealing. Some good bread as well?
Happy friday!
Someone remind me when I see Tom Brady to punch him in the face..... #istilllovethepatriots <U+E50C>
Had an awesome time with Keep Mecklenburg Beautiful and Wipe Out Waste this morning on Fox News Rising! Can't wait to compost on March 5!
“: Cool guys wear hats with the sticker still on”
first night back in the VA was dope, got wrecked lol
As this holiday season starts, travel safe and have fun!
Getting my Deathly Hallows tattoo tomorrow wicked excited!
I TALKED TO "BOO" LAST NYTE I WAS SO HAPPY
my brother does that to me all the time -________-
#dui #450drinks I shimmied down a tube.
Why visit our site? Because humans need treats too!
Tma event: what industries will struggle in 2012?- Marcellus shale related businesses!!!
"Happy New Year" for all of u guys! my best wishes!
#brewers #OpeningDay + + sazs close proximity to my place = #promisingFriday!!!
I'm gonna meditate butt naked like a boss....
Obstetrician and endocrinologist. Everyone wants in on this! :)
A5) When current Red Sox players are worse than anyone who walked through CF. Sorry...too soon?
The second my mother said "may the 4th be with you", I knew this was to much..SMH
What would YOU like to see in DC for a queer youth event? October 10th y'all!
I talked to a redheaded woman who married a redheaded man and they had a blond hair child. I thought to myself, "why risk it"?
URBAN DOCTIONARY: "FCUK these hoes" TRANSLATION: The female that he really liked broke up with him and now it's him against the GIRLS!
I have almost completely lost my voice!!
Pretty sure I just fell in love with What a cutie!
that moment when you hear a song that you grew up with. :')
Doing some research for GIJ, as he is currently unpacking boxes in the kitchen.
whats up?!?! Hows life been :D
Hey ellen you rock!!1 if you see this wil you reply that would make my day XD
Thanks for giving us a try!
where on channel 53 right now watch it
the month of may seem to call me to new york? last night's nycers in my dreams were & TiffRoma ... stop taunting me!
aww I almost invited you!!
Let's do something after your off work? :]
Y'all, have you tried dairy-free chocolate ice cream??? Better for you and more fantastic than any ice cream ever.
Thanks for the RT! You've inspired me to promo more this year.
Awesome and good luck! It's all about the gear, and once you sign up, the free tee & post-run snacks and beer (if applicable).
I have bratwurst in my belly, my husband by my side, and the Brewers on the field in front of me.
Yeah, someone should tell them blackouts don't work well on TV.
share Joy and today, carve out a small nitche to recharge your days.control your doors of as what appears to be the end is a starting a new
he had too much time on his hands -_____-
Happy sunny Monday!!! Hope everyone had an amazing weekend. Any highlights?!?
<3 thanks doll face ;)
Yeah I fucked your bitch, and what?
"We sound like a lion taking down a gazelle then feeling compasion and letting it go and it getting hit by a car"
Is anyone else excited to watch this Facebook & Employers special on the news tonight ? Sound like some bull whatchu do outta work is you
WHEN YALL LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
RT : Thank you for sharing your journey. Wish you continued strength. Diary of a
Thanks Jeff-you rock it!!!RT : amen sister you guys were great
definitely. The national curling league.
I'm so done with all this bullshit, cause no matter what I do it's not gonna change anything
Chili cookoff yesterday was amazing :D <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
every tweet helps - cool breeze on river now
Thank you for sharing this. Everything is a remix is wonderful! So are the student films- but I wish they had credits.
ah, the voice of experience :)!
I think they would be NBC's last choice in the East. Rangers, Flyers, Caps, Devils would likely be their hope in order.
Been staring at laptop screen too much last few days & got painful eye strain today - now sat here looking like a high tech Ray Charles!
i can watch Bron and Wade in the open court all day.
Thanks!! Rock on.
swim team, baseball game, lax playoff w/e, 2 soccer gms, all stars bball tryouts & bike ride. I have two kids..did i miss anything?
Yes, writers, you have a constitutional right to freedom of speech. You do not have a constitutional right to writing privileges, though.
Great win for the Pack!!!
heard you guys got that taken care of. Good to go?
great point! Too often universities only visit and work w/ wealthier schools. We need this much earlier in our communities
i think it points to our basic human need for belonging to the whole human race and this need supercedes race & socioeconomic
no u dont
We'll be getting there around 1, it's all day. But Marvel doesn't start till around 5 so I'll be bored/sleeping in the car
Just realized I can't DM you unless you're following me.... my email is already out there, bjt35 at georgetown
RT Massive line outside The Egyptian to see THE PACT. Was told it's the longest one they've had this year.
Wow!!! What a great win!!! Indiana looked awesome tonight!!
Hm. That's too bad. , are you reading this?
What do you do to top off 4 days of intense personal growth with 50 people? I go to Taco Casa and pick up taco salads for me and my bride!
let's just plan on next week I'll take it. I have to hurryhome this afternoon to pickup a tux, get ahaircut, mow,andrehearsaldinner
R u kidding me Kobe? What a shot
Spend $50 or more at Lofty Dog and receive a goodie bag with $5 off coupon for your next visit! While supplies last. Merry Christmas!
my eye itches!D;<
I can help haha(:
I need to holla at your ima dm my number just hit me up when you got a chance
Bohemian Grove by Emmure pumps me up so much
I'm such a bad person. Wasn't today 's birthday? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
RT : I'd add generosity! "If u could choose 1 characteristic that would get u thru life, choose a sense of humor" Jennifer James
Do I join or do I not join?
Dear Nashville weather, Plz do something. Rain or shine. Stop this nonsensical half drizzle nothing. Yours Truly
RT : We've got a lecture on your favorite topic: SHARKS! Saturday April 21st 10 am - 11 am at the Tijuana River Estuary...
you realize your profile is COVERED in OWLS?!?! i think they might love you. which isn't so bad. they're pretty cool. :)
Reflecting on the season that has wrapped up and Kentucky 8th national title one word truly sums it all up Kentucky was AWESOME all season
thank you! -Ryan
Teachers r tarnished w union in minds of pols. Parents don't have that baggage.
just about to do same
RT : Getting ready to announce the winner of the ipod, follow and cross your fingers!
Our panel discusses -- How do we take what we've learned from our communities and inform the policy discussion?
Heat wave.
Let's get pokersocial try SHdc beta version, chat, bitch, gripe with fellow grinders. Sign up for free!
the guy in the black sweater that walks pass by us when we are at your locker before 7th period all most everyday??
Oops my bad. I meant to say say Jenny Dm me when you get a chance.
Tell your friends and their moms to follow me
Though on the positive side autocorrect did change autocrrtc to autocorrect.
ain't nothing but a houseparty yeah STARRING AMANDA FUCKING PALMER YAY
gets old to me..... Him on the other hand. Stuffs like crack for kids. As long as he's eating. I'll cook.
: I studied photojournalism at San Jose State University at Silicon Valley in Cali.
when are you coming to Portland OR, already?
Now to take a shower and get some much needed sleep to rest my sore back and get ready for ISTEP tomorrow! Goodnight to everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
Sweet like cinnamon, like a fucking dream on ritalin
Great to see the as they pick up some donations. Drop off a case of water to any of our stores to help out.
Trust God to do the impossible!
I wonder how awesome sex was with Frank Sinatra in his prime.
#7.77 rate: 10;D IB: Vincent Or Mikey ;) And your so pretty !
did haven't called me. :/
If I were given the opportunity to teach art- one of my classes would be "ethics: artworld"
Now looking back, I think Khloe subconsciously fell out w Kris H. before the wedding as a warning to him that he should head for the hills!
How do you choose?! I always loved the Lorax tho, and "Oh the Places You'll Go"...did you enjoy the snow day yesterday? ;)
Watching the "Oprah effect" on MSNBC. Her influence really is incrediable.
Sears BLUE APPLIANCE CREW Friends & Family tonight, 6-9 pm for an extra 15% off & free delivery on most appliances over $399.
MSU going into
Thanks! We think you're cool too!
dissapointed in the lack of even mentioning the gay community. sadly, the church is letting others lead advocating
tough choice gotta go with the girl
Just heard 5 minutes of constituent complaints about a "fresh young lady" in the school dept.
Life is a constant learning process. It's the only way u grow. U live, u learn, u move on, u improve self & situation, u grow. Upgrading!
#HellsKitchen was great yesterday. I finally got to watch it tonight.
not yet stop by!
Baby Cruz's first photo shoot!
preciate the love!
will you pleasee follow me? I love you<33
I think I'd remember arm warmers? Hm.
#lsubcs #bcs #lsu the zebras miss 2 easy calls, a horse collar then a block in the back. Looks like Bama will get the advantage on calls.
that would be the shit! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00AF>
Dudley "Dooney" Dooley's daddy if a cotton pickin' chicken pluckin' pickle packin' pepper popper who skims the skum off the vinegar vat.
stop it
RT : POSH TONIGHT FOLKS
Work 2 live n I live fo my child
Who got the juice .... ME DOOD
That movie is awesome
Was so much fun. Was also dollar hot dog/soda day, so we gorged on the cheap.
I'll be your prince charming
Girl I love your birthday suit, Sho'll looks good on you.
I screwed that whole thing up haha.
#SDUSD Evans makes it seem like he has a plan -- and he does. His plan is to help his re-election.
prepare to be amazed
Love walking outside in the morning to feeling my skin getting fried up like it's original recipe
was thinking more like Spanish, only now a few phrases that are not appropriate, except to Tijuana hookers
“: If you didn't know who Kevin Hart was before the All-Star Game, stop acting like you knew him before. #frontrunners” lol
Little boy sitting in the bath tub, looking at his privates. Says 'Mommy are these my brains?' Mommy said 'Not yet'.
Totally thought had a beer on his desk while calling the #Fiesta2012 flambeau parade with / maybe it is!
You are one of the most beautiful girls ever to be seen in the world
yes but I doubt he would think to since I rarely mention him. Now he might though if he sees this convo
So how about it, : will you please throw #Ohman away?
ha! I thought the same! Weirdos of the world, unite!
FRIDAY. one more day to go. hopefully boston tommaahhh<3
I just don't have enough middle fingers to show her how I think about her.
It's not too late to get a last-minute gift...stop by our shop on Magazine Street today for a sweet treat for your sweetheart!
#boxout #cleantheglass RT Wisconsin got the final 7 rebounds of the game. IU's last rebound came with 3:38 to play.
I'm surprised at how well my phone caught the audio. Not bad, iPhone, not bad.
I'm supporting tonight by distributing their amazing #SliceOfLife pies in Greenbelt.
hah was "that guy" but its all good! thats what best friends are for
You have to play to win.. so NO
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle The Exorcist
I love that "Coffee" is an acceptable meeting format here.
Actually, AP was drafted in the 1st round 2007. But yeah, congrats newest Miami Dolphin
Color Guard honoring Jane Crawford with routine including wire hangers.
#jazz #neworleans #seriously? Lineup for New Orleans Jazz & Heritage featival... Where's the jazz?!
Did you know that a dolphin is just a gay shark?
I sit behind my bf in class
after last years performance.. I expect big things!!
yeah I'm cool, just gotta make major moves right now
Turns out I may have been right about , check out her latest tweets to see a partial explanation of her side of the story.
RT : Come to Talara for lunch today, mention this tweet, and get a 1/2 priced Bento Box Lunch. Password is "panic". -Nick
babes do u have a blouse i can borrow to wear with my black skirt and black heels.?:o
You need pizza now. You might not want to eat after seeing all the Purdue women. Thank god we are open.
lol! That's what I meant. Not enough #pepsi yet!
Thank you for the RT!
still don't kno y they got rid of that place
what about absent treasurers preventing the state from functioning properly?
“: Good mornin errybody.... Now,...roll up and get paid.....” right
Only on 8 - shots fired after a home burglary. Find out what the suspects took that has deputies so concerned. at 10&11.
My mom is ignorant this Mornin my dads bm called she was like ima call you back She's Shitten right now . Tf ? & I'm just findin out -_-
follow back please
I miss my boobear, so so much :(
You look a lot like
just looked up a couple'a words Loki used while insulting Romanoff in the Avengers-"mewling quim" Who knew potty mouth could sound so regal?
yes but "Order My Steps" must also be in there... I got tears every time the Marching 100 would play that one...
Hey Bri! I hope people are lining up to get "This Way Up"!!! Such a kick ass CD but I wouldn't expect any less from you! :)
It feels good to be this tired at 11
Its amusing that the Giants players think theyre even half the team #GangGreen is
*gets you out but hugs you tightly* My Ashee... <3
I bet you 100000000 that they don't even know you....
G+ shares outrank organic results..... so basically anything your friends care about outranks organic SERPS for relevant kw's.
epic liquor run with
thanks for the incl.!
where r u
Who are your favorite people to follow on Facebook and why?
Maybe if we press "2" for Spanish, we'll actually get someone that speaks better English then the person on the "1" line!
by : Celtics up by 2 at the half. Red Sox
thats why i love my dvr :)
oh my!
Surgery went well. Still groggy from anesthesia. my right hand is useless. Typing with only my left. This status has taken 7 mins to write
"Consider it pure joy when you face trials, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance" James 1:2-3
thinking about the past
I'm ready for the 2013 season to start Thursday ! Ah!
Rapcentral Tv show is airing soon stay tuned.... Plus the Biggest Concert to ever hit Detroit is coming this summer. Bigger Than Summer Jam!
haha. I don't think Taco Bell is the answer to what's ailing me....just having a lonely day.
class is cancelled and I'm bout tired as hell. BUT i need to do some work. nap time as soon as i leave work.
The best #thai in the #Chicago area is in #Elgin Go meet Mama Toom, you'll be back for sure
this is cute (: but where is his car seat? Smh :P
I vote Updike. Love the Rabbit books & the short story collections: Olinger stories, Poorhouse Fair, Couples, Museums & Women
Still tryin to get a ride bro : Hit me up bro text
It Hurts , Like Hell .
Harbaugh is a genius..sorry..
Snow: We try to make economics a science. But it's really about human psychology. When people are happy, they buy
Cincinnati in my heart,piff in my lungs, money on my mind just a ghetto child trying ta make it
niiiiiicce was it your own bag or someone elses?
I have iFatigue.
random times pre game for upgrade
Chilo~ The three things most difficult are to keep a secret to forget an injury and to make good use of leisure.
Sour cream pretzels are the main reason to own a private jet. if they had any sort of notion of snack hierarchy it would be frazzles in 1st
13 1/2 days left. that's all that's left. and when those 13 1/2 days are gone, junior year is only 3 months away. weird.
So Bright! A fan of the new handle. #GetIt RT : Bring yo shades it's so bright!
Rt Great day today. Bucks win, brewers win, shot 77 at Whistling. Looking forward to Monday back at the Bradley Center
Hi! You're in Tucson!
I didn't realize this was an OSU coachng search.
You right but hard to see them go!
it gives different filters for your pics and makes them pretty. Thats really it...or you wanna be cool.
can't wait to meet all of you guys! x
Since every senior isn't going to be at school tomorrow because of either Grad Bash or 4/20, juniors should park in the senior lot, js
(in a whisper) .....sounds like a pretty good rule to live by
nthn just chilling what's up with u how r u
We also noticed that DEMI ADEJUYIGBE is trying to win another DVD despite never having emailed Jim the shipping information for it
#TigerBeatLovesASW It's called All The Way. Please pick me!
Chinese on its way courtesy of
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: aka "HELP!" by
So I hope you've been practicing our new dance move bc I pretty much perfected it while waiting for my videos to render
VIEWERS watch, CUSTOMERS shop, etc. CONSUMERS only exist as a dehumanized generalization of an audience.
Not even half #tiedfor1 :)
correct answer:
// imagine if #ESPN had a wifi hub that let attendees access their fantasy football league? Or concession stand delivery
Who knew a black guy would play such an important role in a hockey game?
I know right he does too much but most of the laker fans are savages any ways
": You must be able to separate majors from minors...."
how many pizzas do you make per night? Blue Ribbon Artisan Pizza has become our delancey sub in SoCal.200+ is good 4 them
Me too, Jon. Starting to get a lot of pressure to make the successes more transparent.
You already know.
High up
Ahh...The random things they've made on the internet that amuses us.
4th out of 9 at Florida Championships (:
And the thing is, they keep feeding the troll!
Nankivil looks even tougher with the black eye. Let's go #Badgers!
Thats always fun unless youre really into the game then that shit pisses me off haha
Should I get a book for vaca next week? Let's be serious, the last book I read was by R.L.Stine and the only library I go to is my iTunes.
got it, thanks. Really hope he's healthy.
Team V.C. Associates.net had a great time at the Coconut Grove Bed Races
Just bought a $70 pair of shoes for $5.
Life is good. Kicking rocks is what I do beautiful. LOL RT : I see you to were kicking up rocks ystrdy.
It's always nice to have mid-year projects and goals! Making it to share?
Fine. was right about everything.
Checking in @
Lundin Petroleum to Release First Quarter 2012 Report on Wednesday 9 May 2012
Thanks! See you soon.
": wheres my jollof rice?"/cook me dinner
Carolers in the AMU! I want to go caroling...but then I walk outside & remember that I hate the cold. Oh well, singing in the shower it is!
My to-do list no longer looks like a shoulda-been-done-weeks-ago list.
Today is my Friday, then tomorrow we're off to Stagecoach! Can't wait to see my husband :-)
share your find with the rest of us.
Black Hawk Down.
It's so unusually nice here in New England we decided to head to a zoo and enjoy the sunny day.
Save me from coworkers talking football in my office! Spare me!!!
Going to my vocal lesson let's see if I come outta happy cus my teacher is a . . . Smh
Awesome 1:00 am walk! you have no game!
yo can u ask A.B. if he got that 5 dollas he owe me??
I thought I was dennis the menace, thats what my AIT drill use to call me.
“: I need a good phone convo tonight”
follow back?(;
I really just need someone to talk to who is honest and can hold a conversation...
That's a good one mate, but we all know how shitty girls are at giving directions.... You'd never fucking get there.
that's okay then. Hope you had/have a great Mother's Day!
bad day to be a BBQ grill
Rt: Goodbye MCA, we will dearly miss your old-school flow.
I like the idea, not burning a draft pick on a QB would be ideal.
and about 10 more
BREAKING NEWS: #StatusTv is back with Chicago's 4th Annual Free Music Video Contest.. WE PROMISE THAT NOBODY IS TOPPING THIS CONTEST. 7/4/12
When you do go, tweet us about it!
It's the only baseball on, and when Fox has a game, all the other games are blacked out on MLB.TV
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE!
sounds likes a gud plan
Oh ya, I can't read an analog book outside at night. no brightness or contrast controls!
Yeah, . Congrats on a great space!!!!
I'm all about these m's
"Don't you dare get on that escalator... And don't you dare get on that subsequent escalator!"
Thank you for your vote, Joseph! “: I voted for you! Good luck!”
get the electric blue foams and put the pink laces.
whenever I see something I love I put my super serious face on and tell myself that. Lol, I'm lame.
"I think the banjo is slowing him down."
can i please get a "wassup dasia" (:
Great day yesterday! Goal is to make today even better. A quick thank you to all educators in the world.
Bruge. Get the mussels.
I need some in my life!!!! :oD
Whoa wait, where did they announce a 2014 tour? LOL. That's hella stupid.
starting to get a little more quiet in city hall... it's going to be a long night.
And counts like shit, too. Didn't he just say 44 peaceful transitions? Redeemed by Aretha, though.
if TX & CA could only swap weather - heaven & hell w/b in balance
Are you in cedar rapids? I was just there...not much to speak of out that way.
Getting ready to attend my first faculty meeting at ASU
This week is going to be phenominal
I love you<3
Sept 5-7!!! Some great pre-cons as well. I'm a HUGE fan of the westcott shooting bays as well. It's a good time!
Could the son of the worlds biggest Packer fan get a RT on his 40th b-day. It would make her day.
It's an exciting time to be a communicator. There's a lot of change. We can embrace it or we can complain a lot. (Hugs!)
go figure? :)
Just when I'm about to go to sleep, I look in the mirror and BOOM! My hair is perfect.
last resort
why not?
Np! Since it's summer, hopefully everyone will be free sometime soon so we can catch up n maybe have a reunion :-)
I wish volunteer groups wouldn't flake out on the same day as each other.
I'm excited to see fancy free this week!!!
It is OUR FEARS and OVER-REACTIONS that keep us from seeing REALITY...
Fun #Chicago fact: In 1893 at the World’s Columbian Exposition in Chicago, the Ferris Wheel debuted.
HOLY SHIT!!! The Clippers were down by 17 or 18pts. I been messin with my phone for a min, looked up and they're down by only 6pts now!!
skulls and rayguns and froggy with umbrella.
oh ok damn
Thank you to all of our supporters. Let's reduce Hawaii's dependency on fossil fuels together!
"we fill emptiness through performative acts of desire" turns to images of Spiegelman's Maus
Aye people go and follow the amazingly Georges for great greets ahh and she follows back! 143!
Freebirds for lunch!!
Ha, glad I'm not the only holdout! RT ok world, you win: First season of Breaking Bad is in hand.
Celebrating my 16th anniversary tonight with my husband. My how time flies!:)
By developing a strong Messianic Jewish educational system we will allow for a future where we can have a mature Messianic Judaism that hono
trying to stay positive, by direction of dr marcy
guess we on the same page
I'm such a sucker for sappy moments <3
“When you live for others’ opinions, you are dead. I don’t want to live thinking about how I’ll be remembered.” Carlos Slim Helu
Trying to figure out how to add (and use) custom meta fields in
Someone just walks into the bookstore I work at to ask me if we have "one of those books that you read" All I could was look at her
NO BIYATCH NO YOU'RE STAYING IN THE GROUP THAT GOT YOU WHERE YOU ARE NOW AND I DONT CARE NO
Totally love this young man's voice! A future star!!
again praying for speedy recovery
hows it going? follow me please?
Cavs are having their way with the Clippers tonight!
So Dallas/Fort Worth gets one day of rain and it floods?
#BeingMuslimMeans putting GOD first, spreading WISDOM, conquering non-believers, believing is superstitions, & living for traditions
haha. It was a great game tho. Thunder were bullying the squad.
Do anything to feed da fam
Finally, a moment at my desk this week. Scary - so much to do, I don't know where to start......
Oh heck no! You can't shoot Lisbon! NO. :P
#annoyed, coffee noobs: never not asking for 'bold' coffee
Family went to Dale Hollow. I stayed home...got a haircut. They won't recognize me when they get back. :)
it's just strange, cuz I thought GBT getting shut out meant Stars plan involved paying people back. "Shit happens" feels rare
Aww, you remembered!! #HHD to you my NY homie.
New york knicks are all hype. Lol..
your sissy has skills
#iste11 #IEAR now I know I can get info for our iPad pilot from www.IEAR.org
super great pic!
Zombies are looking for brains. Don't worry. You're safe.
OMG, like... TODAY. Dude, get off Twitter before I put you over my knee! [and hold your hand, w/interlocked fingers]. LMAO!
Sacred Heart Garden Festival tours begin Friday
lol we posted the same link for someone :) But yes, you should know them.
DM me if you wanna vent
Do you have a delightfully different Discount card?
Loved the "Lets Go #Giants" chant at the #Knicks game tonight.
Tough call. Watch hockey or watch on Life is full of tough decisions.
And I thought it was impossible for #Crosby to get any more press. Now I hope he returns soon because I am sick of hearing about it!
Ok, that's what I thought you meant! You ha me confused
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E329>
Feeling good
“ it is they finally stopped
We heard say pretty please. Maybe he will tweet up our sponsors at #smbmad #ford to say thank you
I fixed it! Haha I was replying to someone's retweet so apparently it sent it to me! Man, you guys are quick to tease me!
Texting with
Worth noting ASU leads country if not the world in university implementation of solar power, >15Mw. Goal: carbon neutral by 2035.
Tuesday #HCG Tip: Stress can lead to slowed/stalled weight loss on P2. Do breathing exercises or yoga during ur times of high stress.
We understand the sentiment. We also understand the need to publicize New Mexico businesses though.
Slowly getting the hang of my #iPad. Missing my laptop less and less.
GREAT start to my day thanks to the verbally brilliant !!! Thanks for the ToTD!! Very much appreciated!!:))
That's a great idea. Probably wont livetweet cause I'll be taking minutes, but afterward I'll tweet highlights
yeee. Is it growing on u yet? lol
BITCH got a twitter? Oh shit....
thanks for the RT
Thanks! Nice to meet you, too. I want to see what wemakepdx is all about!
Burning this OG!
you're gonna love it. :)
“: and I'm old” lol.. It's all in the state of mind! Thank u for ur support.
Is the presence of pot in anyone's system a "shootable" offense now?
CAN I JOIN THE PARTY DUDE?
it's my only wish to meet Austin before he becomes famous..RT if you have not yet met Austin :/
Quibbling with terms in this #NISO webinar: Primo is the disc. service; Primo Central is the aggregated index used w or w/o Primo - right?
This is a fucking cartoon.
Love it! We hope the same thing! Check out our tours, have a picnic, enjoy the late day sun, ride your bike. www.crownhillhf.org
If you expect everything to be perfect then your only setting yourself up for failure & disappointment.
Niall!!!! follow she only has 48 hours to live she is fighting cancer! Please Niall! Please!!!!!
Doctors & dentists, iPhone or Android... Or BleckBerry? Win7?
RT : Feeling very fortunate that people seek me out for my services. It used to be the other way around!
' Something is really wrong w/ my heart!
Lol I just know enough to get by.
hm possible road trip
I knew you'd appreciate that. :D
THANK YOU
I'm just kidding!!
#NationalBestFriendDay to you and
Bout to hoop at 4.......Good run
good! Shes gotta keep her bitch in check some how! XD
"I just want more money" <-- remember it's that simple in your pitch
your wish is my command.
Kicking ass in tap tap revenge 4
Hi <3 Can you reply or RT this? I'm a huge fan and I love you so much <3 I'm planning on getting your Mrs. Caylen shirt ;)
Wattameter class & checkout starts at 10am Austin Twin Oaks Library.
Damn Cant Stress Enough! Mad At The World!!
hey, man…is that Freedom Rock?
that's because you won't change your own
left right right left left left right right
Finished the whole hunger games series, I don't know what I'm going to do with my life now
can't live without phone
i got a DM from for an add to make money? wow.
if u are looking for the real twitter page Thanks Platinum Fans!
omg ikr, it like i always fall in love with the sexiest an most cutest guys :,( its like my heart hates me lol
I hate the last week of school
yes, that's what I said, she gave me the side-eye
k bus stop time eww.
#quotes Mary Shelley~ "The beginning is always today."
aw im sorry <3
That nasty full off a protein shake feeling < ulgh
Come see me play this Friday, march 30th at The Path Cafe at 9PM! First show back in the states
got those little stupid things gettin' to ya , huh?
me neither. :(
YUP. RT : Gay Republicans are to gay folks what Custer's Indian scouts were to Indians.
Reduced LONG $AUDUSD for +12 pips profit; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 72% SHORT
Bethlehem Pa Bach Fest Giuliani op 30 (3 new cadenzas w/ wild modulation + Bach Ciaccona: went +++ same thing next week May 12 10:30 am!
Nice, thanks for the heads up!
Kick and push and coast
one for the money, two for the show
God always makes a way, trust him!!
winner winner chicken dinner
you left out the part where Jimmy Iovine humblebegs Stevie Nicks to hit on him
RT : Tebow Time! Let's go, Broncos!!!
talk about looking people n the eyes but ur always whispering and talking to the camera alone. You don't say how u "really feel"
There is always one hair pin that can be quite bothersome in my bun.
Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle. Ken Hakuta
omg I thought I talked to you about this on friday
Picking up my tux, car wash, put gas, haircut and then nap until its time
Everyone hates festa RT : ": Why do I have to go to school tomorrow...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> #Hatefesta"
What are you doing tonight!?!
It was yummy and boozy. And very, very tasty. :)
Like father, like a significant influence on migraine treatment Walmart to talk about series
We would definitely be interested in that. Let us know about any info, either here or at - thanks!
Hyper and hungry hmm
after having a fetus in your womb for freaking 9months how the fuck can you end up naming the baby LaKisha Mo'Nique #reallybitch ?
Just let the clock run man...Lakers are done
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day.
I've texted 'gurrrlllll' enough times that my phone recognizes it. Thanks, teenager-speak for causing me to sacrifice the Queen's English.
neyo soul is a style of R&B. For example Music soulchild, & Anthony Hamilton. The type R&B they sing thts the type I sing.
We got those!
he hasn't put it out yet, he asked me for some input on it before it got mastered. he's dope af
Attending broadband breakfast event in dc on rural broadband
#quotes I've always thought that a name says a lot about a person. So naturally, being named Howard, I always wanted to crawl into a hole.
im tellin you bro i tried to tell niggas tha Giants wasnt no joke but since they thought they was i got paid its good
Finally Brooks you are going after the RIGHT person....Corbett positioned Joe as the patsy from the start
thank you very much I hope come out with something soon :)
#continental, I could not agree more with orig staff. Funny how handy computers are. Staff insisting on 3 forms of plastic ID? Not so much
That shit still has me rolling lol
I guess I'm going to stay up till the sun rises in 2hrs :/
Kate Beckinsale is so hot. Half of it is that accent ;)
tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes after
Speedy Gonzales over here! haha thanks, lady! and congrats about !
yup! It was 's baby - a ton of videos like this can be useful for the whole community. Now make one!
Trying to figure out what movie to watch with my baby boy!
now you know too!
Following Liam Neeson isn't asking much. (And if you'd kindly introduce me to William Hurt?) You've got it, Liam~
RT : That #NCAA trophy is gonna look sweet at Ritter. #RITNEWS <<Go Tigers!! Way to go!!
Andyone attending tonight have experience with DNode and/or PHP-DNode? Would like your thoughts on it.
Now the oh oh, Hamilton jammed on base hit, holding hand?? We'll see after commercial...
we in this nigga house
#WorstRapLineEver Beemer, Benz, or Bentley, Bugatti body, you claim it. And all of it depends on the way you shaking your anus - Nelly
Just saw the homie go for his on HBO On Demand. Was already impressed then I saw he repped PG too!
You welcome... Sorry im answering yhu soo late
“: we all should of hung out tonight w/ !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>” we still can! Maybe tomorrow though ;)
#BeerStatus Boatswain Chocolate Stout
God can and God will.
#GetAustinMahoneOnKROVOnceMore plz so I can meet him :)
Looks like someone at Rockstar Games watched Domino one too many times. Still, game is aces.
I told them not to blast it. It's what I say.
Hahah shutup..:( i'm getting better!
RT : Omg! Unexpected but yummy! RT : Rum/Cognac infused brownies topped with bacon and powder sugar
Holiday gift art show at MKE public Market 10-3! Don't wait last minute to buy your holiday gifts!
The Ameba secret santa gift exchange was a success!
I know what you mean when you gettin back to Conway
Sum things r just private
I like the idea of filling up with the right foods, not dieting...
": When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful""
I'm not the same person I used to be. I must admit, a lot of stuff got to me.
Some people must be blind cause I dont know what the hell your looking at sometimes... Your judgement is way off
Fox 6's jumps on with in 15 minutes!
because you can only ask for so much collaboration & creativity, in 6 different classes... need space and time to reflect
Debating if I should switch to a #hybrid bike - I don't want to but moving & I don't think my will be safe or be as beneficial
WHAT UP NOW DEN BLUE!!!!
I did because you told me too :P
#100thingsilove Foster The People
Thank you! :)
3 hours for my commute home sucks.
sy hi to the city for me!! Xo
Am I the only one at work today?
I can't sleep, so I gotta keep it moving! What's good in your neck of the woods?
Diane Mueller, Susan DeFlorio, Dave Zabrowski and Adam Swidler are all coming up this hour!
happy Friday....now to just keep that rain away
I can't say it enough: I Love you mommy! Happy Mother's day. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
ready for what?
I am filled with hate and misery.
"5025" is an 11% sour Belgian quad from It's aged for 17 months in red wine barrels. Any making it to the #pghbeer market?
I recommend The Chapel, booth 130 in the exhibition all at #ecgc General Convention.
My diner waitress: "do you want your usual today?". Scratch 'Become a Regular at a Diner' off my Bucket List!
working on today's posts. its a little bit of a cluster fuck
Last week I gave blood, today I'm getting 3 shots. I do not appreciate all these needles in my life.
Thank goodness for Google's undo send gadget... Want it for your gmail? Go to Settings, Labs, and search for "Undo Send"
Thanks for the shout out! Love my Doggie Style board on Pintrest!
Paul Kariya AND Chris Osgood both retire in one offseason?! Our childhood Heroes are dwindling sad to say...
Waking up an hour before your alarm goes off is a sure fire way to be productive..and tired..but productive.
There are a few must see shows on Oprah's OWN......Sweetie Pies & Beverly's Full House and don't forget Leave it to Niecy.
don't wanna sound arrogant, but we're your new favorite local band. just try us.
I know!!! Try the Craigslist app on your iPhone, it has this feature and I love it!!!
I dont want to jump to conclusions but....I just wonder why I'm percieved as that guy..
Coding dojo tonight Tonight's challenge: JavaScript fireworks using the canvas tag in 5 lines of code or less... (Not really)
Baldridge mobile teaching findings: remote learners performed significantly higher on post-test than traditionally taught peers.
Diamonds are forever, bitch.
no ones replying to your tweet. Hahaha
Its funny when you a commercial for old people comes on (the alert button if you fall and break you hip) and the volume gets way louder. Ha
my favorite bad girl Gia she always got it cracking she bout her word
If I had an hour left to live, I'd want to spend it listening to one of Romney's speeches, since it would be the longest hour of my life.
I think you should.
This sound like a helicopter: p?
That statement seems fairly redundant.
~I Talked To God Last Night He Asked Me Wat Wuz Wrong I Told Him EveryThing He Said Close Yo Eyes Go To Sleep The Sun Will Shine Tomorrow..!
just read smthn i think was directed towards me..funny because i aint do nthn but oh well cant help how u feel....
this girl has a new job after baby legacy is born :) closer to home and more money.
Good lord. Another "walk-by-a-starbucks" believer. Die. Please die.
You're presenting capstone Fri?
Twitter peeps - want one? DM me ur email.
dam for real y so late
Does it count as breakfast still if you're eating it at 11:45?
Hey, Pulitzer commitee, the National Book Foundation might have picked the wrong book, but at least they picked.
Yes, so fun! Delicious food and even better company!
: Don't be too prideful to go back and do it the right way."
oh i know i win...u shouldnt have even tried to go there wit me and dats dat shit i ws tlkin bout da otha night..i miss u 2
42k #Medical #Office @ Country Club & Baseline in reverted to #CMBS entity with $2.48m #credit bid on $7.4m
I saw this tweet, and for some reason the thought that came to mind was, "all-a meat-a and-a no potatoes, eh?" Love you bro.
If ever there was a way to get Evangelical Christians behind the idea of a Mormon president, this is it.
I think...I like your new pic ;-)
You are one hilarious bitch Conan ...one hilarious bitch
we the kids they ain't believe in who found reason to prevail
i wanna wed maggie
I love your songs soo much! I'm your number 1 fan! Please follow? I'd do anything. Love you jake!
": i want rare steak." Medium
How did you like the show last night?
2012 has been a good year. So good, that I'm running out of songs that make me feel like I am powering up like Voltron.
I've been eating like an animal over the past 48hrs. It's as if my body has gone berserk.This is what 15 months of will do
New bike lanes painted on Campbell between Belmont and Roscoe up to Westen?! Good job, !
TY!! Much appreciated!
I have a six word activity that I like to do with my qualitative research class when I have time. I love these.
Its Friday May 11 Happy birthday to The BEST Mother!!
the t2i has changed my life and i'm embarking on a new project with maguire and peloso
It's Crazy to be Lazy."
Thanks bud
lolol. Okay good. YOU DIDNT ANSWER MY CALL. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Don’t let coupons trick you into buying something that’s not on your list, just to “save” money.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "I love sticking my hand into a pumpkin to pull out sticky orange crap."
idk how long I will be @ school tmmrw but I will try and see you. I know you will be at grad on Thursday right?
How come when we go on a trip we never leave when we plan
Sowwy, I was just excited! re: : easy with the language!
Ugh, I have to present tomorrow. I'm nervous :L
I am still reading your posts! They are really inspiring me since I launched my website this week!
ha! rick steves on just referred to one of his guidebooks as "the Kama Sutra of back door fun" See? Pledge drives are awesome.
After last night idk how I'm up and moving right meow but I like it
Early morning wake up! Excited to get this busy day started.
RT : , Your sys admin Jacob was amazing yesterday and really helped us out! // THANK YOU! ^SW
Yes, that specifically.
Server down for maintenance for an hour today, sorry bout that folks :)
Something about February afternoons in the Valley... It's so easy to fall in love with the day.
Kick rocks santa!!!!!!
Due tomorrow = Do tomorrow.
Jet Setters with a PURPOSE!!! You are both awesome! RT Geneva bound with !
Omg! They got married lol 2funny
My Lakers lost today but I still rep them until I die! Lakers all the way baby!!! :D
haha I believe it!!
gotta get down on Friday!
Dinner tonight >>>
okay I'm going to tell Treci
First touch down of the ND bowl game!
When is a recovery not a recovery? When "fair & balanced" Fox is doin' the reporting.
RT : 7.2%. That's what the unemployment rate would be if the US hadn't cut government workers since Dec '08, says...
Pretty sure this made my life! It must have been Amy, I don't write that pretty :D
Heading there now.
yea I know them, good luck tho with y'all season if you play
Had a great rehearsal tonight with - getting ready for 5/29 album release and live shows coming up!
it's been a crazy busy month. We still want to get up and do this interview and maybe even get some fresh gear if we lucky!
I'm still standing!
Goodmorning Milwaukee! What happened while I was sleeping? Oh that's right, a massive hurricane/snowstorm. Not surprising.
60-58 Boston end of 3. No Hardford, no Josh, only down by 2. ATL has to run the old men of Boston to win
It's Refer-A-Friend Friday! Bring a pal down to 739 SW 10 to join Zipcar- $50 driving for both of you! Or, DM us for deets to redeem online.
Someday I will be strong enough to lift not one, but both of us #Tswift!!
i got you do you know how to get to downtown raleigh?
3 miles from the Illinois border, can see the Willis Tower from here.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
thanks! :) and it's ok, tweet limit is really annoying :/
A new party is brewing for May 20th. More info to come... and get ready for a long day!
Tonight's sermon was wonderful and the ability to donate books made me happy. I love
So PROUD of you best fraaann. Such a grown up!!!
haha i posted the link i have to find it.. i grabbd it way early this morning and seen it last night :)
Graduations are long AF! :/
Hello Steve, my new coworker! Thanks for the follow!
New Florence album plus this sunshine...I'm literally dancing down the street!
Don't forget your Kush Con tix is worth 20% off all week at LoDo Wellness
Bitch you get an F!
omg thank u so much i miss him a lot !!!
Note to self... Toughen up cupcake ... Life ain't for sissies
You might like a quote by Paul Krugman relating people who deny capitalism (well, free trade) to people who deny evolution.
#rampagejackson won? wow that wasn't really that fair
More #Funny #Golf #Jokes NOW @ www.ICUGolfStories.com 'My golf game's gone off so much that when I went #Fishing ...' ~
Happy Friday the 13th from It Came From Yesterday!!!
I want cake...
My plan this New Years Eve is to avoid people who have plans this New Years Eve.
I hope all is well. No doubt your presence means the world to him!
Super persecuted at work today 4 being the teacher coordinator for the Christian Club on campus. Just gonna keep prayin for revival anyway!
is so adorable. Why can't guys at my school be like him and ?
haha well that's good!
This may be possible
The chains that bind us most closely are the ones we have broken. --Antonio Porchia
Use a microwave for cooking items as they can only use 1/3 or 1/2 of the electricity of a stove.
Home cooked food :) >>
Sarah! I haven't seen your face for days... Let's meet up under a palm tree :) Thanks for the RT
Figuring out TweetDeck...
Awh his mom is awesome lol loved her
Anyone got a chart for Moody's mood for love? POOF!!!!
Dahlia's first words: mama, book, water &...adjective. Yes, adjective. (OK, addec-tib). Couldn't be more proud. Her first bday is in 2 wks.
Ugh! Sometimes it's better to just start over than to try and fix it.
Where did you find this fascinating (and depressing) number? 243,542 of 640,000. It is mind boggling.
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand someone pulls out in front me, then doesn't even go the speed limit.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!
Leapster game DORA CAMPING ADVENTURE works on Leapster ...
Jumped out of a plane today!
I wasn't trying to sell, but help consume.
bai guys. ~ - my eyes hurt, so i need sleep. c: ily.
Wonder what the 2012 song of the summer is going to be this year? Let's go through the last 5 years songs of the summer......
goodbye to my other one lol
Thanks for the follow! I followed you back. Check out , you should bring him to UMASS!
RT : We <U+2764> what does: "Bringing out the best in teens" whether U R a #parent #teacher or
outreach team: heading over to the nepali family's home, to watch the jesus film with them.
#WTF is wrong with #MelGibson's old ass? He done gone and lost his mind and went on a rant....AGAIN! On vacation too!
Plohetski: In San Leon, I want see what may be left of the Topwater Grill. It's owned by the parents of an APD cop I know and is well-known
Did I just see that?! running to the bus?? Noobs! Haha
B did not make it to auditions they tried to ROB me out there. Can we audition in Douglasville or Kennesaw? ;-)
#Maineiacs 5 Saint John 2....what a shocker. Champion, Brodeur, H-Caron big time players for LEW tonight.. mainehockeyjournal.com for more
When is it? N jus depend on how long
“ My dad loves our our neighbor Vladamir so much, especially when he offers him russian vodka .” BRIANS NEW BFF<3
Either that or just Wednesday Afternoon, cause SERIOUSLY.
Watching videos of what the dueling dragons castle used to look like. They completely destroyed it when they changed it to potter
Wish iCuld call my brothers & tell them both I miss them . Stay up . We playn tha time game . Ill c yall again . I do it.for them aw day !
thanks so much! Tell your friends!
I posted the link on my profile and a few of the most prominent ED Groups; wasn't sure at what point it becomes overkill :)
"Pope Slams 'Deplorable' Church Sex Raids" Hey #Pope, how about you slam the 'Deplorable" sex acts that launched the raids.
Ohh shit did you hear that??? Lol :p RT “: I'm kinda scared #NoLie. House too quiet.”
12:15 would be perfect! There might be a chance that I will not be in Wi next week. I'll let you know by the end of the day.
is my baby.
Restless night, can't wait to see tomorrow!!
Weak, inefficient, stupid, and futile, Mercedes
accidentally messed with my sleep schedule while i was at home and now i can't sleep past 8:30am.....
Ben Gaye I~ No amount of travel on the wrong road will bring you to the right destination.
your welcome lol
This game put me in the mood to watch some old episodes of "The Wire"
anyway today was my first day of school and i love everybody there<3
Morning. Will you order me a latte, please?
is working on music before going to perform it tonight! Midnight Sun in 7/4, Long As You're Living in 5/4 and Charlie Parker...
Hey sweetie, just speaking... I was a lil down cause I didn't make it to this past tuesday...
Thanks, for the great seminar at #SAGConservatory today -- I'm looking into your audition class . . .
The workout I started today has me instantly addicted
I wanna tell the world about you just so they can get jealous.
It's nights like these I'm glad I got rid of all the sharp objects in my room
Yes, I repeat Hotmail (Microsoft) failed me. I'm disappointed, Microsoft.
Next up.... Las Vegas Indie Festival!
Thanks for the shout out on new book!
I <U+2665> Cody Simpson :D
Twitter does not close at 5pm on Friday
when are you coming to CALIFORNIA !?!? Im DYING to know!!!
On the air on Shirim www.wcuw.org - with Steve Meltzer and Kim Singer in studio and will have RObbi Sherwin on phone at 9pm Eastern Time.
60% to 80% of children with Down syndrome have hearing deficits. Early audiologic assessments & follow-up hearing tests are critical.
well at least ppl were listening, which in college radio/underground music is a big accomplishment in itself!
Been up for 23 hours. My bed is calling me and I cannot wait to sleep forever.
whoa, registered with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in the year i was born! Meant to be. LOL
Looks like Caleb can slowly start to try and eat products with soy in it! We are still egg free, wheat free, peanut, and now tree nut free.
I don't have an iphone!!! I can't see it!!!
Every single time I use the twitter web app, it reports that I'm following someone I'm not.
'In 1957 the United Kingdom bombed the 'Voice of Arabs' and in 2003 the United States bombed Al Jazeera. My point being any media powerhou..
I hate getting blood drawn <U+E13B><U+E406>
“Aren’t we forgetting the true meaning of Christmas? You know, the birth of Santa.” - Bart Simpson
Dumping this thing by Friday. DM me for contact info of you're interested in Pack tix.
#GirlsDeserve the world ...#however if you're a bitch and a slut
Looking fwd to my 1st commencements as Registrar. Congrats to all those graduates on your achievement! The sky is the limit!
Yeah!! Just finished my translation of the Gospel of Mary. I now have translate an entire text, and it feels pretty good.
Well Thursday night just got more interesting for me
haha it's true!
welcome to the wide world of twitter
Talents are best nurtured in solitude, but character is best formed in the stormy billows of the world.-- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
IMC Continues Integration of Furniture Markets “Conservatively cautious good news” is the way International Market Centers CE
Jerry Jones just stated on NFL Network that pressures are just as important as sacks. His Cowboys had 192 pressures, 50 hits and 43 sacks
RT : I think this might be the strongest defensive lineup the Lakers have, even if Kobe was healthy.
Dear creepy dude that was at Starbucks, please do not be groaning with your hand in your pants next to me. Sincerely, Me.
no idea. Still trying to figure out where I plug in the mouse.
Finished mah workout and I feel great.
WHY DOES ONLY ONE HEADPHONE WORK. FUCK. THIS DAY SUCKS ALREADY
": If Social Networks Made You Cool Then Ya Really A Fuckin Lame #KnowDat" lmao! Truth.come
C'Mon sharks!
We want to always make sure that you visit a popular and reputed online ink store which will deliver the best print quality
They say hard work pays off. I cant wait to get to the paying off part lol
This movie is crazy!!!
why aren't my @ replies showing up?
2 more days of high school. I've worked so hard to get where I am, I'm not sad. I just can't believe I'm starting fresh...
Kenny, chuck, and Chris haha wii bowling at someone else's house
This is random but do u remember ur channel DONTeffwithJack? lolzz.
me too
liminal is a great word.
This is why I never do the previews lol
Hours from welcoming teachers back to school, still get those 1st day jitters!
Son Como Son tonight, and Tribute Trio on Saturday night! It's going to be a GREAT WEEKEND in ABQ Under the Stars!
Follow me Vin please? c:
ur muzik will b posted as quickly as itz released. No request needed.
I am getting something bigger than a breadbox and faster too...thanks Dave Bogarin for twisting my arm. LOL Fun in the sun....zoom, zoom!!!!
I put up signs all over my U.S Government classroom saying "I love chest hair".
Money flies when you're having fun. (thanks to Victor)
Woohoo! You go, girl! :) You too!
Nothing more relaxing than a glass of wine and classic KING FM when I'm stressed. Does this mean I am old?
I found myself chewing on my fingernails again. Over being asked to edit a corporate notification!
yeah, it was definitely mine first! But I miss you, so just take it...
Crying on the train from Chicago to Milwaukee. Goddam ... Play that horn.
I NEED TO DO MY HW LIKE RIGHT NOW.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
Working on the project list. Plenty of things to do! Most of them really fun and exciting!!!
Why do some lit mags still require snail mail subs? I'm researching places to submit my work and a surprising number still do. Any ideas?
Sign up for George Strait tickets NOW @ the Big R Pueblo with Cat Country 95-1. We draw a winner at 1pm! :)
Mind Over Time #interpol #Wednesday almost the weekend ...
same to you.
Thats why god made race cars! RT Really missed football today! Sunday tv sucks. August seems so far away. Hmmph!
Heading to MOCA at reception in my honor by Dade County commissioner Jean Monestime and mayor Andre Pierre of N. Miami
For I am about to do something new. See, I have already begun! Isaiah 46:19 // totally believing this right now!!!
Just unfriended everyone on Facebook who shared a picture of a lottery ticket. Also, looks I'm going to need some new friends.
RT : Canine Companions provides highly trained assistance dogs to help kids & adults with disabilities www.cci.org
i think she gets them from me
We don't mess around
Texas allergies stink! I never had allergies till I moved here! Haha
Really impressive work by Happ there.
let's see it!!
Never, never, never, never give up.
awesome Mom's rule!!! Be sure to stop by Guest Services to pick up your giveaway from Sephora Inside JCPenney
"ugh my banana isn't ripe enough"
Kiss kiss bang bang.
The optimism on stage is tangible as you see them listening to the judges prepping them for their solos.
I've got cinnamon withdrawal symptoms, there's not enough cinnamon bakery products in the UK. Cinnamon is the crack cocaine of pastry world
Never give up.....you are almost there.
My mom not allow me to open my computer before the final test is over :(.
still awake.
THE ONEYOU SENT ME OF YYOUR WHALE!
Typing in "LOL" even your not laughing so hard and your vioce isn't not exacly like "LOL".
so many ideas, so little time ...
I'd rather see your sexy self in the pool!!! lol No dis-respect!
Hi I'm a girl, I'm not funny, interesting, or creative in any type of way.
okay mi amigo
No worries--they will! RT RT : Hoop dreams on now. Wish they would come up with another one this good in 2011.
We've been itching to go there recently. That may be next on the list. Any cocktail you'd recommend?
Waiting for abdc to come on...
75-100 for just ONE day
what do you mean ritual?
I love the smell of cologne in an elevator....
..... and I know that from the bottom of my corazon.
No reply :/
Whoa! This looks great, thanks Martin.
An alarming food mystery: What happened to historic Felix Mexican sign when ... - CultureMap Houston
my bad DRAMA A LA KASA
Per the website, entrance to the snakepit is free with any race day ticket.
I'm a #sundaylibrarian today! Anyone else?
Leaving work smh.
Editing of Episode 6: Dagny has commenced!!
2012 resolution, a tweet a day. I will get addicted soon, right?
"Like" the Rock With Barack Facebook page! *ad
mix is hot!
I am in Kansas City
Wally ...you are quite welcome. Have a great week.
Well, you can say what you want But it won't change my mind...
Don't forget to send me that picture through here; i dont get pic message lol
thanks for keeping us updated
glad you are amused. It's just for one isolated photos database but it still felt good.
Haven't done the research, but hard to imagine many teams who have been favored by as many points over the course of tourney as UK.
Can anyone help out their favorite ice cream guys with 2 tix to the #Springsteen show on Sunday? Plz help.
New favorite song from is wish you were here<333
was invol upgraded to New Twitter. still brooding. not exactly a luddite but i prefer new things to be upon my instigation.
So pumped for #FCA2012 // RT : Ask our Associate Members how they can help with your new projects
What up, Canada! RT : best beer I've tasted in a while
It's so freaking muggy out her and hot ugh :(
Any of you see Dragon Tattoo yet? Any good?
RT In what ways are you using social media in your education programming? If not, why not?
That's good. :) I'm a huge fan of Kickstarter and I try to back lots of projects. So statistically speaking, we are on track?
#DIFF 2012 Day 11 - The last day! Winners' encores and a few special screenings to go!
O Yay. Neighbors across the street have the car doors open & the mariachi music blasting. & I get to hear it through double paned windows!
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
YESS better sing this song! :D
never say never makes u realize u could actually do want u want if u just put it to ur mind u can #neversaynever *~NEVERsayNEVER~*
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
someone come over and watch a movie.
keep it up, Swish!!
That Entourage finale was some of the worst writing I've seen on HBO. They would have been better off with a mass suicide
RT : Once you've allowed yourself to accept the fact that you can have a vibrant life, begin making the changes necessary to...
I MISS MY ONE AND ONLY MALE FRIEND AND I CAN TELL HIM ANYTHING CAUSE I KNO EVERYBODY AND THEY MAMA WON'T KNO lol
So. Freaking. Adorable. And you know what they say, the wonderful thing about Tiggers is Tiggers are wonderful things! :D
We offer 10% commission for any agent who books with us
I have way to much "stuff"
that was just a quote from one of the presenters during the black male summit. start a dialogue with others at
Such a great opportunity for moms and moms-to-be to try out a fantastic, fun workout while meeting new friends! We're excited!
Gonna be hard transferring from doing nothing at hurricane high school to studying ham in college<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Miss ya!!
What group-friendly attraction do you like in New York City? Tweet us at
That sounds awesome.
Olivia Bends-Sons
Libraries evolving from places to learn to places to do, create, and propagate.
Thanks 4 following the Long Island Autism Fair. Details on our NEW event soon!
Look, I can smile without you
Have you Heard? Expressly Gourmet is Delivering with over 100 restaurants. Catering and personal orders. Place an order today....
l'm really bummed I can't get Jersey Show on HD because I really like seeing pubic lice and herpes crystal clear.
no one likes a bragger
trying to reach you...very important!
Thanks for the follow ,) Jonni Armani
Are there any good sites or books for tips on transcribing in script form? I'm trying to get used to writing full scripts for my pieces.
yes I know! I think you all do great work!
I should really get up..
these R my accounts please follow 4 local info, 4 E mesa pizza, 4 me, for new Sci-Fi
Making the best of what I got! Thankful for my family.
Thank you! Glad you enjoyed the post.
hey Bruce, long time to see! Great to see you in the backchannel today, discussing trust, passion & flow
sorry. Twitter did it. Not Me.
Ad Summit Finished! BAM!
I just feel like the last couple of new years we could've done without him cause now all I remember is him looking crazy on tv
you'll finally be able to watch good football instead of the crap you like!
Using Google Analytics To Collect &amp; Benefit From AdWords Position ROI
Um, thats weird .... I just read all the articles in my feed reader {-_-} ... now what?
RT Don't you ever leave the gym on a missed shot
Haha! Now you know why I had all those tweets :)
Getting paid to watch Saved by the Bell at my student guard desk. A job is a job
So talk to me or I'll spam your TL with my self obsession.
just had a mini heart attack then because I thought you'll be against them.. :)
yeah. It's uh... hardcore.
- it could happen.
Nothing like a good high speed chase in the middle of May sweeps! Ah ... sometimes I miss working in TV.
You're all about walking tall on the people you knock down, so stop and erase cause I'm gonna wipe that smile off your know-it-all face. =))
I can only get an erection if blood rushes to my penis.
Facebook needs a “Drama of the day” section in my news feed.
It can be pretty general. 2 Japa TV folks so far, 1 maybe Chinese cinema.
#Weimereiner in the park.Sees squirrel. owner tugs on his collar.Doesn't move.Stares for 5 mins. Doesn't budge. Dead staredown. I want him!
people still go to six flags ? Been there done that
I Wanna Trace My Fingers On Your Tatoos.
I mean, I think I like food more than people cause food can't talk, you know?
1st day of my 2nd album pre-production, check!
on the Senate floor speaking about #USPS: "If it isn't perfect, make it better."
good at the dentist!!!:(
Thanks so much! Glad to support any #Pittsburgh pet lovers out there. What's your Westie's name?
"First of all, this list is obviously just my opinion. There may be songs that have sicker drops than these"
What the hell is going on?! QPR with the lead!
okay. Well I don't think we are going to go til about 8 anyway.
life's ruff
"Hey your just like a coin" " Awww valuable???" "Haha no fuckin two faced" lmao
Let's skip to the good part <U+2665>
So did i make u blush if you did say Ti Amo and seriously i will flip out if you do well flip in a goos way <3
Jager bombs are awesome!!! <3 ~cheers~
Oh my. I just watched Jane Eyre last Sunday, too!
on entrepreneurs: they're the ones you have to counsel every 6mon. They thrive in chaos.
And I also hate that the email looks different on everyone's computer here!
I really like the heat's bench. Such quality players, such depth. Confident with anyone giving Lebron a breather
"I keep throwing grenades instead of running." --Andrew trying to play a video game.
what time sir, And are you throwing?
im fcked up
Am I the only one who can listen to A Fever You Can't Sweat Out over and over and not get annoyed or..
Mitt Romney ...you will not defeat all that is good that we hold in common you fascist, darwinist , elitist ...go home, you Karl Rove dog
nothing, haven't been on here lately, just working... i'm sorry i took so long to get back to you
Dare to be YOU!!! Write out your biggest dream and start to live it.
If you're going to the NID Convention, be sure to stop by our table!!
I love free Chick Fil A
Why has my phone been dying so quick .. Lo
I watched the history channel fell asleep then woke up up racist....wtf ?
Just skin all I wanna see you in.
I sat at a table with Chris van der Kuyl last night. Interesting guy, and I'm excited about the1940census.com.
havent seen it. will totally watch it....in june. i've given up tv for may!
It's weird that I love helping others, but when I need help, I don't ask for it. Guess that's why God placed me in this situation I'm in.
Making Oatmeal Raisin bars for work. Let's find out if I can bake!
I know..my soul is slightly dying right now as I'm by myself listening to the tragedy that my neighbors call "singing voices"
thanks Bianca, it means a lot!
on our walk last eve I came in 1st. Deer poop covered Flash in 3rd, lazy Fred 4th and Dad last. I was the one carrying Ava!
We’re open regular hours on Thanksgiving so when Mom burns the turkey you have a backup plan! I mean IF mom burns the turkey.
Former mayor of Kigali and current DED of Aisa Kriabo Kacyira speaking now on transformation of the city.
be scared!
Thank you to all the Contestants that performed last night 4 1st Round. We have 1 more show b4 Round 2 begins.
it's fine beer- but not as subtle or tasty as old rasputin. reminds me of three folyds alpha king or stone arrogant bstrd.
Why is Texas so damn lame... I wanna be back in Cancun playing tequila vball or clubbing
Well he might be, but he's huge compared to when he was in Milwaukee, when he was just "really big"
So i guess Everybody Fucking Facebook aint Working ugh ?!
The first time I saw Nadia G. I thought she was bizarre. Now I'm a huge fan. She's funny and her pizza sauce we had this week was fantastic
thank you, sweetie!
"Don't try to quit, you're already in pain, you're already hurt. Get a reward for it. Don't go to sleep until you succeed."
research paper done- check. life back-check. #freeburgers!
Thanks for last night, Macon. I needed that. Next stop: Shortys Pizza in Tucker at 7pm for FranAllen Jam!
I love ghetto black girls. This bitch is singing gospel music and praising God in class.
Well done! RT : HUGE! Sen. Reid postpones #PIPA vote. Congrats Internet (for now, anyway)! No statement yet.
Trick Please !
Dear girls, every calorie is not a war. You are beautiful no matter what you eat.:)
Crazy ass night, home at last. Don't even wanna go to school tomorrow.
RT : Today I used the public library, rode public transit, drove on a paved road, and had clean drinking water.
Is he asking him whether he's going to be fighting Chris Brown anytime soon?
They'll start shrieking about totalitarianism and violation of rights around 12:20 p.m. EST January 20.
Before you delete, make sure to add me on facebook!
Well, okay. Dun want you scared. Oughta take you someplace swanky, anyway. #Maggianos,definitely.
Omg I'm finna text you now then
Just recorded 2 new hot trax, can't wait for the next show to show it off.
Just keep swimming
oh that's cool. :) I still haven't found my phone! :'(
$2.50 Tuesday! Get a very tasty quarter pound Regular, or Polish Beef sausage w all the fixins
checkout www.stickyricks.net
Go to your computer's browser (not on iPhone) and do a Google search for "let it snow", then watch what happens.
double check with Chad/Misty. They may have updated since last time.
just killed that shit!! It can't get any better
do you think they share a table at golden corral
she said thank you God daughter:)
Excited to watch the #24 in the shootout in Daytona! Looking forward to the new season!
I'm programming some New Age piano music crap for an event being held tmrw. Won't say for whom, but if you happen to go, I'm really sorry.
If I wasn't hammered when installing my PSN password with & forgetting it, I would ask some of y'all to play
Cleaning my mommy's room damn Shes lazy but still gotta love her :) CountryGirl:)
Is it wrong to be jealous of your dog's outerwear?
idk just come over
oh my, what's going on?
it's NBA, regular rules don't apply!!
The video isn't supposed to be live yet...
two words: Beerpong and Lotion Party...wait that's 3 words
I LOVE that #Colbert is taking over for 24 hours!
that's awesome! thank you!
You're so welcome. It was a great program.
Its Friday!!! T minus 2 hours to the GMF 2010!!!! Says is going on at 6:!!!! So get down here.
none in the house and the Swede is not a fan.
Our exchange. 1 good answer a day is a lot! ;)
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Settled on goalkeepers, no replacement for Raul -- all questions I would have asked if.... But, not to be.
Meeting three different commercial ad agencies about song placements from my album.
Man it's ova wit
well u can love me and I'll always love you back x please follow me x
I agree 100%, & that's why it broke my heart when I heard about the changes at
i'm about to kik her while i do my homework
Work flow. Up early making <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
that awkward moment when theres a stranger walking right behind you on the sidewalk
I agree, Courtney! Very difficult. #I'mwithya! :)
Thanks for #FF! Have a blessed Sunday!
maybe unlock your acct and share. I'm happy to share with my followers.
Thanks for the heads-up about the Community Resources Fair will be there!
Anything with plenty of windows and Neil Patrick Harris as a standard accessory
goodnight sweet dreams <33333 you!
I'm still working on that METHOD MAN & REDMAN remix I'll send it to you when I'm done.
called my mom to say wassup and she criticized me for half an hour lol.
Just saw a girl run in the hospital sporting an Oregon sweatshirt! #GoDucks!
More people to follow i see ;d
I really could give a fuck about this game im about my Celtics lol
Thanks for the RT. I thought it was a great video, too!
Watching "Wheel of Fortune" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
WINTER CLASSIC VITALITY TREATMENT $99! Recline under the bubbles from the French Alps – a facial that will detoxify & de-stress your skin.
Alas, there will be no baby birds. Scroll up my tweets for a pic of the empty nest. Eggs were stolen.
Anybody heard of a Jello Shot? Or Whip Cream Shot? Yall gota try that shit lol
Great talk, Chad! Sorry I couldn't hang out in Google+. Would have loved to see it in action. I'll have to make time to try it.
Anyone remember when the Brewers used to make it through the first without being scored on?
I'll find a new salon and you can come to me there, no worries!
i love all my fans. all 27 of you hahaha
please follow she really needs 6 followers til 680!!!! Let's go!
Hey Jasmine - We are a teen webshow, Can we use your tweet for a blog / Facebook/ twitter update were writing on the NC?
GIRL I KNOW!! It's gotten pretty rough.
We called after +hour to see where our pizza was & were told we "cursed" the guy out. Uh, no. We didn't say anything but we r now!
it's pretty exciting! Really deserves all the credit.
"Under the full moon, life is all adventure." ~ Sigurd Olson, The Singing Wilderness... We have one gracing our skies tonight... AwoOoOoOo!
Thanks Abs <3 you're the best
Never quit. Finish. -Diego Castellano
ok, I always miss everything :(
OK...what kind of song would you like to do?
Q. Why dont guys like to perform oral sex on a woman the morning after sex? A. Have you ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
thanks man, yeah, those guys talk it up, ego battle but the more I do it, the better I get, right?
is really a great girl. Loved are talk on hair... Let's go shoppong.
just got #HemlockGrove in the mail. i will read it tonight after i finish watching the last 5 episodes of #gameofthrones season 1 Blu Ray
Here at #SXSW in Austin, getting ready to launch
Today turned out to be really nice c:
rafa specifically said madrid would favour big servers, like isner and federer.
You don't have to hate someone for closure. I'll never hate you.
Watching the game with the family...
O! I like playing with G+ creative kit!
Thank you for the shout out! Have a great weekend. //
Joined the Enzacta team and feel blessed to work with such an amazing network of healers and entrepreneurs!!! Loving the PXP Royale!!!
45 minutes left in the season, and 1 goal separates us from the title. Pretty amazing.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
just got out the studio.. new song commin soon.. I N S A N E !
Parents: Know your rights to organize and fight for better public schools |
I was there for you, remember that.
Do you ever get frustrated with your printer? Watch Icantgetthisthingtoprint.wmv
You haven't experienced #StPatricksDay until you've done it in Chi-town!! 4 days left!
UM IN NEED OF A 3SIM LADIES HER I GO EATTING N SKITTING ST8 UP
I thought it was you!
now following ;b lol
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green. ~TC
- Looking forward to tuning in for the awards show!
RT : Looking for #ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for play dough & bubbles drive. Please DM us if you can help!
Thanks, Scott. Blessed with good weather and good running friends.
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. to Report First Quarter 2012 Results on Monday, May 7, 2012
that sounds good 2 me. I'm keeping it a little less flashy ;-) just Chitown in July. Hey ur last blog post was hilarious.
My mind is in summer mode already
Getting married? You need to follow Everything you need wrapped up into one showcase group!
that actually didnt happen. I will call you tonight.
Thanks for the #FF's and
just gave my new favorite TED talk. And to each #TEDx organizer, he's talking to us.
Thanks for following! Our publications, blog, & tweets are about #ed #youth #transition #employment &
If there's one state that it wouldn't surprise me to find Santorum in it's Caucus, it's you, Florida.
RT they should take a cue from T/F and avoid each other until neither are in their primes
Thanks to for contributing music to be used on the video clips for the 2010 International Autism Conference, Jerusalem
You guys rock!!! Much love to all of you at SHOCK!!! a blast filming w/you all!!!
One time you were a glowing young ruffian, oh my god it was a million years ago
Why on earth is it not flurrying in Fairmount?
i love you too!! i freaking miss you
6 bucks will buy you a 32 oz Long Island Ice Tea mug tonight (Indy and Greenwood)
Hi, is it possible to receive some check presenters for my business? My email is, let me know txs.
#dalailama been a refugee for 50+ years
Something I've not seen on the subway till now: guy rolling 1 of those lint removers up and down trouser legs.
so follow me on instagram.
Don't postpone your life. Start where you are now.
Wow, how do I get me one of those? Either the pad, or the PA. :)
Anyone know how to get tix to Cameo tonight? I need 2 for Xavier and I. Please text me: 305-733-7440
Vocals again today! And i STILL sounded like doodie :/- carson
Really curious, where do you get your data? Had toyed with micro-climate map but was going to go crowdsource.
Summer registration starts today!
Hot interview with the last week! Looking forward to their article :-)
I feel 2012 will be the GREATEST concert year\../\../
That really just sucks.
Syllabi are done and submitted! I can come up for air!
...why wont you answer my dm...? sad tweet..
Grand Slam for breakfast....Time for Red Robin For lunch I love free birthday swag.....
Anyone interested in doing a video learning web site?
Call of duty break time...we in here
I don't have a reason to have a phone nobody text me.
Come out tonight to Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill in Auburn Hills!! we'll be hitting the stage at 9:00!!!!
no joke, right?! And to think, all it took was a hologram to bring this "truth" to our relationship. Oh my...
#oomf - "Nothing wrong with having a beer now and then.." lol yeah it is wrong you fucking idiot you're under age. Stfu.
Hey you guys! Thanks for the RT!!
“: aside from us...” good point! Are we the only Marylanders up right now ?
Many car police Chase heading into strip district...
OMG IAN, open up your shirt more
lmao. You're silly.
I wanna buy white toms and then tie-dye them (:
Piccolo Chef ready to cater Italia: Centuries Of Art And Style Los Angeles Philharmonic Association and Italian Consulate
EVERYONE.... PLZ FOLLOW CreateForQuotes JUST DO IT
So glad today is Friday!! Ready for the weekend :)
Been a boring day
Here's the Thing To Posses the Promised Land The Old Appetites And Desires Of Our Flesh Must Be Brought Under! Promise Or Past? You Choose!
Uhh idk what the difference is
not to add to peer pressure or anything, but DO IT.
FrenchLaundry for 10yrAnniv two weeks ago, Denny's (w coupon) this morn for Mother's Day, equally joyful I must say. My boys smiles melt me!
but my all time fave is either if heaven wasnt so far away or springsteen or hes mine
the new feed above your chat box on facebook doesn't look like it follows privacy settings
Watching wizards of waverly place :D I just love you so much!
Spring is in the air in Buffalo, N.Y.
overheard office joke of the day: " hey, its a leap day tomorrow" "we should have an office event, maybe a standing long jump contest"
Come on united & QPR!!!
thank u!!!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 3
Checked swing on a wild pitch for the 27th out of a perfect game. Ladies and gentleman, your 2012 Seattle Mariners!
The CD sounds amazing so far !!! We are gonna finish by the coming weekend. If you want a copy come to our CD release show
Richard, if that's you thank you for following! him
It's hotter than outside...
Sounds fun :)
Rockin some gear to #THEBANGARANG at in honor of their release party this friday with !!!
Don't get me wrong, love the Cowboy, but its great to hear Marty and Thom call the game.
Awesome baby have a great time ! I have been wonderful sexy x
Warhammer is not a board game!
remove the I prefix for interfaces and people might think of better names for them
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment. You want it, you better never let it go!
just pulled up to Brady street outside club Brady--snow or no snow ;) juice is flowin.
balance between context for the whole scene and the detail, would be my guess.
bang bang, what a pass. Kreider playing like a pro.
Thank You for the follow. Check out my friend DJ !
Cant b nice to everybody
I thought Stanfel was a shoe-in. Why would they waste a 2nd Sr. Nom on someone they won't vote in? Little did I know
the little boy under a spell of pure sunshine from the seas gleem on the seas face of her ways.
Speaker Perez--education should be free. Asks Regents to stop using term "tuition".
Wow, appears to have sold out its first ticket allocation within 1 minute of registration opening. Bummer. :(
OK serious question... how much tuna will I have to eat to get mercury poisoning?
#KFC, stop running ads showing people eating on the bus. Not a transit agency in the country allows eating or drinking while riding.
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Das to dead ! That's why that room smell like yall selling Crabs & Hotcakes !
Thats being nice, as its my belief that they shouldn't come out .......AT ALL! LOL
Life is good!
Oh well then he adopted his ways. I was mad that key characters was killed in final season
It's true..... I go on a twitter rush when I know I on twitter, can't resist
thanks for the shout-out and for highlighting the report on women!
What do you get at Whataburger ??
Came home to find feathers everywhere in my bedroom, a bird with its neck broken on the floor, and my cats laying around napping.
Be cool. Be on time. Be prepared.
Where does one pursue a degree in Ancient Astronaut Theory? Annunaki University? Atlantis A&M?
It's cinco de mayo? Bring on the tequila and limes.
A Miranda Warning is for a Higher Court to Review, This case is about suspense. Now Prove that she commited Murder
I love the tone that's in your laugh Gasping for an extra breath Waiting for the time to pass I believe in days ahead
Final form the Kohl Center, #Badgers defeat Mercyhurst 3-1 and advance to the NCAA Frozen Four next weekend.
Wow, stunning!
i love that i can keep up with the #caps game solely by my twitter feed.
It' Friday!
- Welcome Martin! I like your credits! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Take your mouth off of that woman. That's God's woman. TD Jakes
Thanks ! You know we draw the laxers...something to think about for a little LPG coverage;)
Do you know anyone on Twitter with a cooler profile pic than ?
oh anytime ;)
The debate now on...Should the US release oil from reserves to help reduce rising gas prices? Will it even help? Thoughts???
money scared of 1 loss. Wow
lol are you gonna leave with us or what?
Happy Nurse Appreciation Day to all the #nurses out there! Thanks for all you do!
won lacrosse game:)
thank you :)
New Santigold? YES!
When you make someone a cd and find it in their car and they give it back <<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
loving the cold weather ;D good night, time to cuddle!
what's good wit ya homie .....
Smashing on my taco bell
crazytown “: #3Deep If they started a Rock and Roll Hall of Shame in Warren, who would be in the 1st class?”
“Within sixty seconds, turn every problem thought into a solution focus.”—Jason Selk
Oh that Theon Greyjoy I could just punch him right in the traitor face!!
indeed. When i started thinking about playing i started to get a little nervous. I'm pumped up to play. Big game.
Hood Nigga I'm Valid!!!!!
I think it's a good thing. Russia has some stunning architecture. At least that's what my tv has always told me
Trying to decipher content from notebooks, most were lost in fire or water damaged. Painstaking work but determined to piece this together.
Me and #twitterless sid kroh just beasted our ap lit group test. #A+
bracket buster
Excited to have dinner with tonight. Also excited to watch Tangled with my roommate. Again. We're going to set a record.
"Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun."
You can choose a ready guide in some celestial voice. If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
No I didnt know who that was. Shocking but I didnt and oh.
walnut-sized, you might say.
the david beckham burger king commercial is quite possibly the greatest thing to ever grace my television.
Amazing Grace minor feel Superstition
Have food to donate for the 'fill a cruiser' thing... Too afraid of the Roscoe mascot standing next to the car
yeah.. what? xD
The culture of the USPS needs to be revamped into mobile revenue streams.
So much to do to prepare my #Genealogy research check-list for exploring the 1940 census. Won't be sleeping much this weekend.
Hoefully today is the day you follow me?:)
We make the road by walking
We would also love to have participating artists send us artwork that they would like posted on our blog. We respect copyright to artists.
do it will rain!(: by Bruno mars!<3
cleaaning my room. "/
Had an amazing time St Petersburg yesterday! <U+2665> to my team walkers & all who supported our daughter!
#geekend #fa115 via thanks for the interesting talk!
Hes perfert , were not . But He wants use to be perfect with Him , quit being ignorant and accept His loving , saving , merciful salvation
I know he's had it for a while but I felt the need to bring it up because It's sexy.
Is now a good time to start a business?
The longest Monopoly game in a bathtub lasted 99 hours!
And Sportscenter starts with that incredible dunk. That was sick
sounding sick dude! keep it up!
Those that think "by the inch", yet talk "by the yard", most usually deserve to kicked "by the foot".
Thank you so much! No I don't, I've never heard of it. I'll check it out
yes! Thank you <3
I’m earning $1 in merch money for every $5 I spend at veer.com. You can too!
no thank you!!! Xo
IM SCARED! );
Does have ?
A formidable list which can make a great team!
Both Iron Man movies were sweet. Captain America, Thor, and Hulk were all very well done, too.
The worst flaw you have when you sing is being nervous. Don't be nervous. You have the skill, just prove it to the audience.
What is in T-4 minutes?
Hey! The Fear of Falcons EP drops June 28th,2011!... Stay stoked:)
please follow me I think you are amazing:)
are you excited to be in San Francisco?
#cisummit we underestimate the value of great design
no. I think he's overrated. Id like him to be good. He's in his what 7th, 8th year? A .250 hitter isnt good.
Next up: Gloria Kim on "The Medium is the Medicine"
You'll never understand, until it happens to you.
Hey , if you want to be an Oakland Raider, GROW A DICK AND LEARN HOW TO PLAY FOOTBALL.
#whosgonnalose - Minnesota v Iowa State - ISU will lose
They don't work with my laziness hahaha.
What you think they stop making Guns when they made Yours !
shoot me ya contact info when u get the chance too fam
shoot, if I was there I would have played it at least twice :)
RT : I got dressed through the mess and put a smile on my face, I got a little bit stronger. -Sara Evans
hey its still early
Haven't asked yet but that's the last thing on my list to ask in this strict country! lol That's at least 10 years in prison!
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars had more tarps over seats last night than people watching the game
I WANT TO BE A MOVIE STAR!!!!!!! MY NAME IS "DINGBATT"
Ugh can't find a half price copy of Catching Fire...I only have 9 days to read two books
WHY DOES HE TEXTS ME FIRST NOW AND LIKES MY STATUS ON FB....
Watching new #787 & #747-8 takeoff/land it reminds me of how the #A300 wings wld curve up just like they do.
What if TSP's merch had a pick? Like not a guitar pick but a hair pick! Idk I have an Afro right now and these are the things I think about.
Hey mamaz... figured you were goin' in extra hard... hit me when ya ready! Luv ya sis:)! BTW... He kicked me! Hehehe...
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. -
cute but funny at the sametime...
I feel like you never want to hear from me again.
Morris Police Dept. looking for a few good officers
Game of Thrones doesn't pale. And they both have Iain Glen and Rose Leslie!
OMG!!! found the CD I made for our limo at prom!! NO WAY! About to go down memory lane :)
I swore to you in front of the blue sea If I have you so I have it all. c:
super excited to have you in Titletown, U.S.A. What # are you going to wear?
Shout out and good luck to all my competin in Vegas! See you guys next year at HHI 2012 :)
“: Yes I beat at the NRA ACM celebrity shoot-You better!
There is a difference between it's and its.
glad PT went so well!
blarg. go back to gush-tweeting about your amazing gf... those I can at least eye roll at!
If you really liked me you would tell me.
i couldnt find your e mail but saw Jasons tweet .congrats on the award...now thats a real deal!!!! you are a terrific lady
"Who Run The World!" ~Beyonce ROCK ON
Thanks for meeting with us, today for CCHI Day at the Capitol!
Chris Daggett acknowledges everyone in #Newark for making the 2010 a success and is excited to come back.
RT : I'm excited to announce that I am the new Community Manager for !
Thanks,you sure got it!
My annual celebration's more traditional: I violently usurp somebody's throne and then come to a bad end myself. With asides.
We're open today 10 -6. Come by to catch some great holiday clearance deals!
do you work tomorrow?
: This time 2morrow ill be on a good one at the pdx Grand Finale...glass to the sky and hand on a QT Pies thigh #MOVIE"
is one of my favorite artist of all time....
Get so fixated on what you want, that you drown out any vibration or reverberation that has anything to do w/what you do not want. Abraham
Everybody chooses between selena and other well what abou demi.? She has been through so much more.
As a Caps fan I am happy Dale Hunter won't be retained....Ovi needs to be on the ice
Herbs that Heal « Civ Jones: I'm a firm believer that God has put everything we need on this earth to prevent diseases and to heal ou...
i would love to see and soon(:
Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market St.) in #Akron is the place to be tonight! Good spirits, good fun, and music by !
Thank you brad! Great to meet you!!!
i don't know... they didn't say... kinda irritating... they just said i'm unsuspended & to review the rules
RT : Chun: What do we mean when we say we are connected? How is connection temporal rather than spatial?
It's official. Birds start chirping at 4:45 a.m.
My car said 106 today in palm springs.
happy birthday and Happy National Jen Day to everyone else!
Niggas wanna have they cake and eat it too smh
Amen! Don't live a life or be with someone that you're afraid to speak about. No growth can come from it.
im not hard to locate
be safe!!
Lol your a #loser and the other is
Printing & Graphic Design at Wholesale Prices Only in New York City! Call 1-800-PRINTING Today to order your Event Flyers and more,,,,,,
1st step to more freedom! HAVE FUN!
RT : Friend of the family has been in and out of the hospital for the past month, doctors 95% sure he has #CJD - So sorry.
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
gonna EAT PIZZA with my girls!!!!!
Carroll Shelby, father of Cobra sports car, dies at 89
" Karma: It's as simple as this~ Whatever you do comes back to you. "
Down! it's like our own mini restaurant week.
Grrrrr i can't find my blue hair ext prices now tho fml
Birthdays then: Wow! Look at all these presents! Birthdays now: Wow! Look at all these notifications!
#Str8LykeDes.. Off for the moment from the money will be back grinding in a few...
of course(:
Watching "Old School" ... I am about to start a Twitter frat. lol
sorry my man made u look like an idiot on ur radio show...I was the one who called in, was in my basement .. got bad connect there
would be there if I didn't have a tap private to teach :(. Good luck though!!
Barney was interested in bringing professional boxing back to Northern Ireland in a big way. Barry McGuigan
best quote of the night! I said to my husband did he say gun or GUT!!?? Bahaha!
I can't believe this girl just said on fb that she don't be having sex! Smh
Homework... Driving practice... THEN ZUMBA!
Great to see how well you're doing without me.
Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were.
these kids are geeked about this telephone booth (@ MIT SC, in the cut)
Headed to w/ & for a little cocktail and a lot of conversation
Losing a friend <<<
There's a Tennessee Loveless exhibit in Chicago starting 5/10. You have to go. His work makes my heart melt & my brain explode.
follow (: She's sweet.
i brought one snap back and whore it for one thing
This Day in Jazz History - May 13, 1988
Off to Ithaca to see Cornell on stop #2 of the What College Will He Pick Tour
no the ones while she was being carried they were pink
We are located 8213 Beverly blvd, just west of crescent heights. Free parking in the back. 323-655-6582.
RT : First night of our pop up! Come check us out in Cleveland park. Margaritas! CC:
when you get it, you gotta show me!
ah I love him hahahah
We 100 percent agree with you!
Diet tip: Jumping rope blasts fat & strengthens bones.
Taped the first show for Servant Warrior Radio today. I'm jacked about hitting the airwaves April 6! More to come. Armor Up!
Had a great time with my baby at the movie's
I can't wait either cause I don't know myself what I'm going to find over there....it will be interesting.....so much paperwork
Good luck Ellie!
When everyone's saying it & no one is defining it, that's usually a hint that the emperor has no clothes.
Food &amp; beverage report highlights real opportunities
Join n Get your friends to join my new site nlytesoldierz.ning.com 4 all interested in music and/or spreading the gospel
Blacklatern in the damn house!
Contrasting Dodgers' left side of IF: 150-pound D Gordon and Juan Uribe, generously listed at 230.
to bed wit u
it's all Lefty tomorrow
I have a whack a mole issue, where if I start giving individual attn to 1 student, some others take it as license 2 misbehave
I didn't know you spoke French...LOL
Milwaukee is such a "small world" place and yet there are times when you look around and say "who are all of these people?"
RSS + github commit feed. Finally, news I care about.
You got it!
I love Pat...I read his book about how the Magic got started, so good
Alive, I think? How's your cow story thing, that story thing about that cow, coming along? You know, the one with the cow?
hahahahahahaha but you love me “: Im very mad for those ratchet pics she just posted smdh”
agree or disagree? "never do to others what they have the capacity to do themselves." - Bob Lupton
DAE feel like the neighbors are watching them every time they go outside?
#FF our supporters , ; they have been so encouraging!
I could tell. It's very natural. You should be proud of your obvious manliness. This is what #boss actually means
Got my clothes out the dryer
Man eating Cheetos almost just hit me...his fingers must be too slippery w cheese dust to drive
Straight Work.. Without work you have nothing to earn..
The whistle of my steam radiator is somehow comforting, like a crackling fire. NYC has brainwashed me.
Shout out to my wife Rhonda on this teacher appreciation day!
So prom dresses... I kinda still need one
I don't think I could do a diet that prohibited alcohol. I mean, there's a reason I live in Milwaukee.
I'll take you as you are, you're beautiful to me.
Pirate's Well! Omg so good to see old friends again!! #love run club
why thank you for following me!!!!
They say a series doesn't start until the road team wins a game I guess we have a series on our hands
yep...I still think that the President is saving the best for October and Romney's got nothing but reruns
we invite you to follow us for great news on CRE lending, the environment, SBA lending, commercial lending and much more!
Worst. Ranking. Ever.
omg! Ahahahaaaaa I see no1 likes her wow!
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother. ~Abraham Lincoln
Just had a jam session with Austin Brook... About to take this duo on the road, lol! NO, I'm serious!
Today was a good day. Rounding it out w/ dinner w/ a friend :)
Cru De Gra Flyer is up! POST IT!
I don't care what the thermometer says... It is NOT bathing suit time.
almost time for boots!!!
I didn't know there was such a thing!
I'd read that book. Wish I had time to write it.
"Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love. But you're really lucky if they're all the same person."
Sitting outside, reading a book. I wish I had somewhere to go swimming. Mehh.
loved the bussing video via
RT : Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times ~ Niccolo Machiavelli
The fifth St. Patrick's Day special... and we sure aren't leaving the least for last.. Irish Roasted Salmon.. served with Potatoes O'Brien!
:/ why so bitter all the sudden?
Consortia will handle the billing for all the members.Works well for small vendors w/out staff to handle many institutions billing needs
On the + side, I just found my 2 favorite pens in the breast pocket of my professorial corduroy jacket. Maybe my.tmp files are in here, too.
here's your reply
Debit card located at bar....yipee I don't have to pay for everything today.
I almost said "don't say iphone" but figured you'd take my last tweet as a hint. get outta here with that mess.
she won't go she's complaining I spent too much money.. Lk fuck her lmao
your bottom lip looks like an inverted umbrella
Thanks for a great season & - Can't wait till Opening Day
they're gonna be owning the heat
dam #fam gotta call out sick- im all ckn noodl soup and
Hahaha! Oh boy! They are gonna give him a hard time - grand entrance and you are..who?
Facebook will not allow me to have more than 1,800 friends....add this page
just bought "Take Care" by thank you for an amazing decision ;) im loving the album
Constantly visited by sins of fathers when dealing with records in preparation for moving materials RR theme
My best friend's grandpa just went into cardiac arrest. :( :( :( Please keep him in your thoughts/pray for him.
YES BACK IN ACTION!!!!!!! Miss. Irene's fault plus classes started for us
Working toward the weekend!
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 11:30, a great chance for parents and babies to connect and learn during this amazing storytime!
RT fantasy football update ---- don't draft steve mcnair.
I feel like my bathroom will never be done! Build that cabinet so I can stuff it with crap, please!
I came across a P/T PG course, thought of you when I scheduled tweet. Can resend it. Comp/digital arts, I forget now.
Wats going on twitter
About to board the plane. See you on the dark side of the moon.
Thank you!
Found out my iPhone (3) is two operating systems behind. Revising bio accordingly.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
RT : Tonight -Instructional workshop on cheap and tacky Christmas Crafts. Free eggnog (booze extra)....
wow. that song was amazing. I really really really liked it. I miss you. :(
Fresh Besto Pesto sold at Laurel Farmer's Market Today at 4215 Mac Arthur Blvd from 1030AM-2pm. Free Samples to munch on!, Chef Toussaint
Hi how are you doing and i dont know wat happen to him
Bessie! It is a glorious historious day at the Cow.Pray tell you got see what the witty waiters have come up with for this festival holiday!
You're a idiot RT :If LBJ isn't the best in the world then who is?He could be the best 1, 2, 3, or 4 in the lgue if he wantd!
sunny here!
Omgsh hope you iz alright. But yeah we experience the same things on the same day. Craaaaay!
After awhile everything seems like the same thing over and over again.
I was raised in a very LOUD/honest family.
Since sex got easier to get, love got harder to find..
Managed to successfully clean my fingers from paint only to get it in my hair.
or it's hammer time
absolutely positively. It makes me a touch crazy, but it says something about people doesn't it?
AH! I cant contain my excitment !
thank you for the #ff!! hope all is well with your re-write - looking forward to your next awesome blog post :)
One for you, too, then!
I just realized I paid 25 to get my truck washed Saturday now look
Today the Occupy Wall Street Protesters finally reach their goal.They literally occupied WALL STREET. What are they hoping to happen after?
Can you guys send me DMs please? I am so freaking bored!
what label is he on now?
u know its luck
im special I got 3 #FF's from you today! <33 :)
Happy birthday!!! :) Wish I could be out there today ... maybe this weekend! Save some cake for me!
Good afternon! Was your day like? (:
My boyfriend held my hand for the first time without me actually telling him too. Hmph
That don't work nomore Kobe..
It's Tenessee Williams day on TCM. There goes the afternoon.
your mom has such a cute vehicle aww!!!
i want to ask you are you goin to beat up amy
Rep Berceau it's hard because people want both freedom of choice and public health safety.
FUCKIN TWO BAD BITCHES, AT THE SAMN DAMN TIME!
You can't really build a movement based on a belief that 99% of the world is the same. Gotta recognize differences and then work together.
No problem.
New tour dates coming soon. Sit tight. EAST COAST w/ &
I'd like you to see me more than that!
too bad being a ginger isn't considered a #legitimate lifestyle
Ever feel like you just wanted to choke someone?
nigga u dumb in yo head!! Not only will Melo sling that nigga if that nigga act up! Melo will beat that nigga all day
I dont get a hi from getting on twitter 4 you
Wait oh let me see ya phone cause all them hoes is rachet. N let me get in my truck cause all them bitches'll catch it! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
Which kind did you get? My Grappa Valleys came in and I love them.
Wish I was there!!! RT : Just had THE BEST night with True Committee! These ladies make my heart swell!
Just got home from watching Captain America & loved it! Thanks to a good friend of mine :)
For future reference, I'm a blogger with an opinion, not an investigative journalist. On some matters, we'll just have to agree to disagree.
love you babe I'm glad I could convert you :)
NEWS: supports full marriage equality! (via )
This may be the last event in this building before the #NHL draft in June.
Given the insane lines at Starbucks near the Staples Center, this place could totally support another (and better) coffee house
Thanks for the follow!
oh then I'm not going the last week
Shoutout to for being a real dude!
U can fight & die 4 yr country, but u can't get married. Sounds familiar. <U+E40D>
This day is already off to a great start. One of my favorite professors just got promoted from Assistant Professor to a Full Professor.
appreciate the love!!
Predictions please....who'll be in the net for the Flyers when the puck drops for game 6?
Yeah. Florida came to a screeching stop. Our inventory of homes here is getting low. That usually requires more building. $$$ :)
I spent 15 minutes on an elliptical machine. 173 calories burned.
Dear Sabrina, i like your name. You seem very sweet,kind,nice, etc. Your very beautiful. We should talk more often. I like your username
We just had a 150 pizza order turn into a 40 pizza order 45 minutes before delivery time. Come by AP Guad for some free pizza & live music
One of megan's clients told us how much he loves her as he left yesterday,we love it when that happens, it's nice to be reminded we rock.
I had to find out through someone else about this problem. It was really bad. I called them and was so honest.
Fairfield Country...we are supposed to get a lot more tomorrow! Stay warm!
Mother's Day is Sunday! Treat her to a first class experience! Call us today to set up an appointment for Mom.
RT GLOBAL HOUSE SESSIONS tonight at with // Come see why Static was voted #1 Dance Club in Pittsburgh.
In one moment of disappointment, you can discover the truest light needed to illuminate your pathway of a purpose-driven life.
Hi I am still so sick :(
Lakers are pissing me off for not using the Paint. They need to use the size.
For those saying my last tweet was harsh consider that 1. That was my extra copy I bought for a friend. 2. Journalists have been too lenient
Dais MUN app coming soon....you're gonna love it.
is that what you are in school for? I think your work is brilliant and will share with others if that is alright with you
We continue to fight for veterans who've been denied VA benefits unjustly! Thanks to all who have and are serving. Happy Veterans Day!
#pricesthatshockyou baby formula...$30 for a can that lasts 3 days!!
hah,u to:)
check them out!!
"Improve" is a good word to use because it begs you to indicate "from" and "to." Glenn Hughes
This is awesome. #nvgop #ronpaul2012 get the guests out. Count the delegates.
I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional. Please email me at
So excited for the golf marathon today!
MT : I think zona would b good for fuller. Maby alburn. Good luck to
"...do you know anyone?"~Tom "Digger" Gugger<--doesn't try2recruit people he finds on Jigsaw<-uses indirect approach
Just killed my air show 5 mo months atl or San Antonio here I Kme yes sir turnt up doe
Attending the Fauquier tea party rally on Wednesday!
Hello Twitter. The Museum of Social Justice is on!
where they do that at?
Thanks for the LOVE! Tell all your friends to come down for a Sexy St. Paddy's Day PARTY with the Hot Ladies of the GGC!
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars episodes online,free access!100%
best kind of pants: cargo
i hope youre talkin about my great xball the other day
are you going to be there, too?
I am bored.
Hahaha yeeeee I already know big dawg! :) we need to set up a day to go out for lunch again!
We are back on the air www.blogtalkradio.com/creativeanimalrelief on Wed nights at 7 est. time this weeks topic - holistic/natural healing
strong point: what 'greens' student is more important than the green specs which universities boast
Margo Martindale another surprise of the night for Justified.
How was everyones easter? (:
FUCK YOU SPORTSCENTER APP i know the score of the goddamn game
my tooth hurts.
Trying out new secret keyboard player for not-so-secret band project :)
An I pwease have 2 more followers?! ;)
Lost my phone.. Fml
my bad, totally haven't checked my drawings in like a week--more stick figures coming right up! Ha :)
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : #lastthursday is way too much fun! Got my face painted and killer feather earrings. Oh and the music is way dope!
Did I see it correctly is Ellen DeGeneres in a Maybellene Cover Girl commercial? Makeup? Sexy???Ellen?
We will gladly be your black sheep. If you don't belong, embrace it.
how are the slopes doing??
Omw home! Somewhat close..
Kenye West truly does have an inappropriate self image if he thinks he can follow in Steve Jobs footsteps. Once again...PATHETIC !
We have received 0 calls today regarding snow covered streets! Thanks to DPW for #gettingitdone for commuters!
Well dam you and your brother (x
#TGIF - have any fun plans this weekend?
Love this...."Bad hair days call for coffee." Better than hairspray!
On erry thing this song hard
"It is kind of hell being beguiled backwards, & It makes you interesting." Gtde Stein to Bob Brown re: Demonics
(Bcuz I know is some teenager) OMG...u need 2
Sending some big love out to a radical little lady named McKenna Mills. U rock, sister! Thanks so much for your continued support!
Heading to the Dutch village of Edam for bike ride and visit to a Cheese making factory
Just foraged 10# morels. Roots is open, new menu. Come on down.
you do a gr8 job !!
Hangin' with some hooligans.
Just started using and pinning away!
Police searching back yard pool in Iron for missing EastHigh girl. Tarp is up. We'll show u video shortly.
Thank you for the kind words, SSG! You guys are awesome! Any #delicious news about upcoming #ORC DLC's? Much obliged! ^NE
Rory is banging Pete Campbell. Paris is banging the President of the US.
haha me either
It is important to understand that blind people navigate websites like they are reading a page. Left to Right.
uhh skrr dont try an hit someone up if you in the passenger side of your homies rideO.o eww bum
Preparing for an #acting gig meeting today, lunch for my little one & feeding my spirit through Proverbs--what I call #productive!
can perform in Indonesia. just not Jakarta, aslong as the city police support it.
Hose socks
I need some bobby pins..
Bereavement (2011) - Official Trailer [HD]
Lets eliminate all the problems in this world. In school, medicine, technology, lets unite and change the world for the best
Yes, he's doing better. He and Bill Walton had some great on-air scrums. But they are good friends.
May is National Masturbation Month. WellP, I know what I'll be doing today lol~
hey i love KATY PERRY As well and BOYS and boys oh and boys and guys !!! oh boys as well lol
Austin sings on youtube! RT if you have a youtube account (:
Just heard Frank Wess at Fat Cat with Tal Ronen. Truly inspiring!
agrees I bet-> RT : anyone who tells you that you can caramelize onions in less than an hour is not to be trusted.
The iPad cookie app is awesome. The built in timers and videos are genius.
here's what I am hearing: strong relationships = healthy programs. And give your staff what they need to succeed.
what about Buddha? Abraham? Allah? Zoroaster?
I love Indian food, great deal
Don't see how schools can control who families invite over, but they can only allow distribution of invites at school if (1/2)
Great picture!
Last week to see #AftertheFall at It's a beautiful whirlwind piece - you should go.
Jered Weaver hugging his dad after his no-hitter.
omg! What part of PA do you live in?? I live in Pa too!
If you haven't checked out 's new video of him dancing in the apple store, than go watch it!
Thank you to all the new followers, If you have any questions please feel free to drop us a line.
wow,your a asshole!!
Mayor says he will not apologize to citizens of Portland for the parks being abused.
3 mile treadmill run this morning including 8 intervals. Like how high you can get your heart rate without pounding pavement.
lol come get some
what, not vi?
So, if you had a very successful lemon balm crop, what would you do with it?
Kings of Leon Closer cover Search KARISSA LYNN on youtube
U FUCKING DECIDE TO ASSIGN ME A 4 PAGE LONG RESEARCH PAPER AT THE DAMN END OF THE YEAR?!?! i hate u....
Here at Fiji Yogurt dishin out FREE Fro-Yo til 8pm with !
Thanks, I wish necromancy were real so I could bring Gibbon back to life. Bet that man could liven a classics dinner party.
lots to do tonight!
Just order online :)
Whoops! Brain is fried. Just fixed it; thanks for the find!
Dear john
Sidebar: Non-Medicaid eligible people who were encouraged early retirement are royally screwed by this. // 31-20-1.
Hey guys! If you ever have a show in LA hit me up for live shots. Would be sick to see you guys play
Never thought id admit it but damn its nice to see my moms face <3 I missed her.
I concur.
Your body follows what your mind tells it!
You are the same kid from canda,That kind of jokes remember me that <U+2665>Love you Teamo :)
thanks man, what have you been working on????
Oh, you're on some list somewhere now.
awe!! Muff Cabbage what's wrong?!! :-/
We're tweeting about the commercials...but I do love me some football...so when's a girl supposed to go to the bathroom!?
#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! so hot!
so who was it???
You can never point the finger at yourself no matter what. It's not always somebody elses fault.
Having trouble figuring out who your protagonist is? First figure out the antagonist.
'Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.'
dont be scared mama (; you will be licking me soon
The fact that my allergies are horrible and I have to go sing sucks
you never post anything about Austin. :(
ok tia. You sound like your buddy richard
Thanks! My heritage is Austrian!
Sat down tonite & realized I'd poured myself 2 glasses of wine. It was a rough day.
I can't believe that I miss two buses
Going to sleep <3 goodnight (:
u r crazy lean!!
And after that, Link forcing a horse to run across Hyrule repeatedly.
Possibly car troubles probably a drug deal :)
I think my dog is bored by me.
A WordPress deployment, custom minimal theme and 4 unique Facebook 'apps' all done in an hour? Challenge accepted.
Remember that you are gorgous no matter what anybody says!
#ifiruledtheworld imagine that!
LMFAO.. so do I.. Good insight Fred. I'd follow you anywhere
shut up denn.dont make me laugh.i dont have a gf!!
"I picked the man I love over you. And judging by the way you're treating me, I made the right choice." R to L, G & S.
hell fucking yeah!!! Wheres that at!!!
i hate sleeping alone
u mind doin me one ?? Pwzzz itz for first period :/
I think the social media plan/goals are essential & should tie w/ IT, marketing, and org goals/plan
This feels like Facebook... Bri you lied
please pray for my friend sarah woody her dad just died :( #PRAY FOR SARAH
So when are you moving to NYC? :)
Ha! RT : This month, aspiring VP has tweeted 43 times about her book and 5 times about jobs.
listening too the song my bby posted on my wall ~.~
dems fail to realize that plenty of walker supporters actually voted for falk because she had a 0% chance to barrett's 2% chance
accept it max. Accept it and buy your tix
There is nothing better than some good BBQ at a NASCAR race.
THANK YOU FOR SAYING IT: John Lauber will never hear Romney's "apology."
Great idea, great recipe, great chef ! So proud to be your friend RT : Perfect ROASTED BIRD for Thanksgiving...
Mother Fucking Artist
Some girls have a good guy & every chance to be with him #TreatHimRight don't let your chance go!
we had the same policy at my high school for prom.
#bwela At J Lounge. Great event! Has anyone blogged today?
Great, enjoy!
Fact: If you type "do a barrel roll" into your Google search page, the whole page will spin.
4-car crash on northbound off-ramp from 225 at Alameda, involving someone hit by a passing car. Multiple rescuers en route.
I will definitely be back within the next few days to continue getting my shop on!
yes! Are you coming Friday?
Just threw my phone against the wall. I'm in 's kill a bitch mode.
Hollande backs immigration cap before French vote
Thanks, again, Rachel!
lucky lucky
Feels good! Thanks.
sorry i have no clue! Maybe try google translate?
chilling. You get in touch with calma ?
Ever sit in a hot tub so hot your heart stops?
Saw WICKED on Broadway in NY. Wizard of Oz movie will never be the same for me now. I had no idea what was REALLY going on until now.
If anyone who wants to actually help out people let me know! We need more people for Leo's Club!
BTW, I need to find Frostee Rucker and beat his ass. He's worth $20M but I can't even get $3M from Cleveland?
I think I'm getting sick
Navy SEALs Unload on Obama Over Politicizing bin Laden Raid: ‘A No Brainer’
Appreciate you and your comments Magic. You have earned the right to speak your mind. And sometimes the truth hurts !
When im in a #relationship i dont want to be, but when im not.. i want to be :/
I've just finally watched your video for "Stay"!!! Made me cry! Beautiful! Can't wait for the album!
Anyone going to #Prowein this year?
My pleasure. If I'd known that gluten-free pizza could be so pleasantly crunchy, I'd have eaten it earlier.
I want to discuss your secrets over a fermented beverage in your room!!!
I would rather guzzle paint thinner than take this test
I've just been informed this is my last shift with the wonderful This makes me sad. It's been fun!
Thank you for the shouts people. <3 I'll get to paying you guys back eventually. Gotta figure out ways though. :P
Listening 2 Jimmy Buffett's "Boat Drinks" & as the man says..."I need 2 fly 2 St. Somewhere...I think I've got cabin fever."
Im a lone wolf always gave been always will be.
Have you read the book yet? Lots of other good stuff besides the letters...
DERRICK DAYS: Oil history highlights big parade
I miss your texting.. your sweet smile, so good to me, so right.
HaHa no its was on
Id put parmesan on my parmesan
- Way to go! Love to see our customers thrive!
Holiday Flash Sales are in rotation! Get products up to 50% off during the holidays! Happy Vaping!
#Daytona500 fiery crash...probably the woman driver Danika Patrick's fault.
Tomorrow starts today!!
Strip My Mind!
I feel so lame in my little cavalier when I'm driving next to a range rover.
Holiday insight: the quantity of cheese that that people put on a cracker varies by thousands of percent.
Didn't you run after a bacon thieve that one time?
Feeling like OJ. Held in captivity. For being who I am. All I took was a picture if me.
#gridlock is not a strategy for creating #jobs. Elect #DaveHunsicker to replace #EricCantor & I will work for you, not
we're playing at the Emerson Theater in Indianapolis! Check Facebook.com/gammapulse for more info!
Do they make pink Titleists? : Golf balls. Definitely. Preferably pink.
pretty sure OV has a perimeter around their booth and your picture is the only 1 in their 'actionable' database :)
start sewing! “: Anyone make Mary's good luck charm puppy yet? #DowntonPBS”
there's somethin bout a truck (:
I will! I'm sitting down to watch it right now.
Bummer that everyone's in Seattle for planning - you should swing by our HQ here in the Emerald City sometime!
You too have a good night
cant wait to meet ya in July in Florida!
Music only makes me stronger <U+266B>
Is there really such a thing as "application-specific passwords" for a given GMail account?
Omg its already late! I need to get home
Yes it is here !!!!! #ESF ELECTRIC SLIDE FRIDAY FTW!
Not happening RT : 10 hour flight and have a bar of battery left, come on iPhone let's do dis
Sorry about that, We do use a tool to help with some of our tweeting and it malfunctioned.
boy go to sleep
me, me, I'm ready! Great weekend to enjoy some patio dining and experience the neighborhood.
And I just booked another role! I get a new tattoo and new acting project all on one day! Wow!!!!! XD
RT : “You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.” - Zig Ziglar
We are on Spotify for those of you who use it. Be sure to add us to your playlists!
horrible bosses.
Once aiding trade for indigo, tobacco and cotton to the main businesses in Europe, factors played an important part in commerce.
follow back? :D
Going to be a busy busy busy week
Thank you for the follow, Byron.
Well, what happened with you this weekend?
Such a GREAT WEEKEND !!!!
BUT Jordan Staal doesn't think like A LOT of you people so, I'm not worried.
wow. i have no clue but on ur grandmas bday, dont u wanna spend it with her
We LOVE WebOS Engineers! #a2z_oc is committed to seeing projects through & gives it time 2 mature
jus gotta lay it out, then ill send it to you
Today take note and observe how kick ass you really are! via (mom too!)
I'm sorry
I hate when I see stray dogs on the street and I can't stop to help them :(
How #hot is HOT!!! Texas are you going to give us a break?! My car read 114 degrees today...
- perhaps that should be the 'mystery' trip - guessing KD would be up 4 it ha
Tears of joy <3 greatest sh*t ever
#MiamiHeat down yes, beaten no!!!
Thanks for the RT
ill give you a panini if you RT this or follow me ;)
. Vgames are played in real space, not virtual space
Anyone out there dealt with herniated disks? Any advice?
A Master Mind sees it coming before ot comes
Nice. Wonder where the increase is coming from. SD? Let Hussong's rejoice.
There can never be enough Gil Scott-Heron.
Summer need to hurry up soo i can shop and do stupid shit everyday with my bestfriend/future
Thank you for the shout out! GO BREWERS!
have you ever eaten Pho? Im in love with it :)
The awkward moment when some1 asks u a Q and u say what then u remember the Q 2 sec later.
The team at is working SO hard to bring an amazing event to PDX in September. They're awesome! Follow them for the latest details.
Russia and China fire a shot across the bow… « News for those with ...
That's awesome! I love the feeling all the holiday fare brings!
I finally figured out how to add hyperlinks to my text!
Twitter is a wonderful platform for educational purposes! What is your take on other Social platforms for education?
i stand by that tweet
we'll have to dream of prosperity and liberty. With Romney we'll get neither.
Girl plz oatmeal
No problem, we love the project!
yeah homie!! We def will network
I want to move. How much does Bin Laden's house cost? Movin to abbotabad
That's what EVERYONE I spoke to before buying said, their 2nd, 3rd, 4th one. gave me a great feeling. Cool!!
i thought u broke up with amir -_-
Thanks for the FF love!
Rooting for on NBC
How much does this 5-0-0 record effect the squad going up against RSL. Is it positive or negative mentality going into Sat?
#FF Follow the awesome
No. You made poor assumptions and launched childish insults. As for the VU market, unless you're hiring Jesse, you'll fail.
After watching #Derby piece on Hansen's owner . Will be tough to root for.
Too bad Chicago doesn't have Cory Booker. Luckily we have to take care of us. They're a #GoLocal member now!
Can we please stop doing the shot where you watch from inside the car as another car in the cross street to crash into the driver's side?
Filmmakers should be working on getting in their films to us by Sept. 1st and make the early subm. deadline! ww.ourcityfilmfestival.com
#wordoftheday The students knew they were in for a boring lecture when the professor pulled out yellowed, antediluvian notes. -Thanks Cliff!
Second roll call concludes Neumann first Fitzgerald second thompson third
There may or may not be a FEW open positions for the #Libertybakeoff. DM me if you want in!
Haha. Shoot your trash?
oh shxt I heard that :) sounds all kinds of fun
omg you don't know !! He is a YouTube sensation singer look him up
You are the only exception.
have you read the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini? Highly recommend
I believe the count was 8 cases of redbull, 2 costco flats of Mtn Dew, 6 gallons of coffee & much more
Oregon's jerseys look like they are for middle schoolers..... A little small for my liking
Question: which 2 former All-Star Denver Outlaws players now play for Long Island?
I seem to recall he also wrote a treatise on amateur sports. Hi Glenn. Hope all is well there in Amherst. -- Ted Curtis
Friday Humor: "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush." --Doug Larson
haha yeah. When I was a little girl I had the BIGGEST country accent ever. It was adorable.
HAHAHAHA That was funny!! And we also did and !!
is in Chicago RIGHT NOW doing stand up at #SecondCity and I'm THIS close to getting him in my studio!
I wish I had that idgf attitude but I just wasn't raised like that but feelings do fade
where the pinch is the sky mall? its never the same after you fly virgin airlines.
Such a beautiful day today just right for going to the farmers market and getting all my produce for tonight's service
stop being a stubborn asshole and go see The Artist! You're a fool!
Good Wednesday inspiration, lady! Have a great day!
Wow #personalbranding is a huge part of the #social #search breakout
Reading tonight and then attempt some writing again. Yup, I started writing!
I was unaware such things existed. Although I've seen that handle a thousand times before.
Nach all night? Wanna nach all night
FAIR POINT
I think people get a thrill in driving slow in front of you when you're late..go from 50 to 30 once your behind them
Happy Easter!
I should probably be editing my essays right now....nah....
good lol make me one and I'll be around to come grab it
Hey Julian Can you pLease follow me?! Please? :( :)
Molly and Mary Jane my favorite bitches
We are very careful about selling #turtles of any size. People must demonstrate knowledge/ability to care for the animals. They are not easy
Didn't see it, but heard it's amazing!
Business is picking up. They're starting to recognize TALENT. I LOVE every bit of my #Society - Looks like y'all gone carry US to the TOP.
Two bags of #charcoal for $5.88! this weekend. I'm stocking up!
It's narture.
They really need to let people in the US buy access to , either iPlayer or as premium cable.
'Louie' continues to surprise in new funny, brilliant, and self-loathing ways. The best half-hour on television?
New York. How about you? lol
Thanks OK if I can't pick up the turkey until I ordered online tomorrow? Not sure if i can make it today as scheduled.
funny thing about bed is, it's located on..... sorry, that was uncalled for.
YES!!!! lets race! I have 100 boxes for you! The box-wood derby!
I'm not heartless i just learned how to use my heart less.
Drop #camnewton for #jones-drew? #rodgers is my starter...
nice ass back! Lmao :)
" Yo love is like a drug that I cant get enough of!"
I'll enjoy #BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today!! Do you see me Kendall?
Best night of my life.
Got the walk in last night. Connie stayed in.
"If their armpits are that hairy can you imagine how hairy their bush must be?" -Dude, to me, on the ladies at OWS.
WHERE IS IT AT? MY WHOLE TL IS BLOWIN UP ABOUT THIS DAMN PARTY AND ITS GETTING ON MY NERVES!
on tonight was amazing! Finally we get to see how crazy Winston is.
RT : The Dude Abides! Alleluia! Alleluia!
hey annie its Brandon
lol. Also, pass on peppers for now. Also also, 1st friday?
The republican leaders in the MN legislature are a bunch of gutless punks. Stop playing the blame game. Comprimise!
Sadly we have to realize ignorant/dumb people have access to the internet RT : glad I dont follow those people in my mentions.
I ask all the time...why do poor/working class whites identify w/ their oppressors?
Ok, so my review wasn't stellar but it also wasn't bad and I bet it got a few more butts in seats. GREAT French Dip!
well smaaaaanx got 25 more bucks in my pocket that makes umm ... carry the one OH 25 dollars! Yeeeeaaa
expecting a big day today. hopefully will have a few good updates holdfast hanger production.
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Sunday, May 6, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
#3WordsOfAdvice get over yourself.
I ask myself that question monday -Friday ugh :-(
45 more people go follow ! They follow back & have amazing tweets :)
Sometimes we get addicted to certain things.
Enjoying the #Lakers getting #Thunder -Ed! :-)
Come watch the Bucks/ Bulls game at BarNone.
Please support tanishas show!!!!
Nw criminal minds
When you teach your son, you teach your son's son. ~ The Talmud I'm not Jewish, but that's sound wisdom.
Ready to watch and on tonight!
Today has been such a productive day!
I did wonder how people would react to the changes as I added quite a bit of material
I get re-pissed about an old sitatution whenever I start thinking about it again.
RT : The word of God over my life is greater than the storm I'm in right now.
#sljsummit Reading is transformative when readers engage in making connections: personal, textual and global
Wow. Now that was a 5-day-whirlwind!! All good stuff, but now it's time for some sittin'! Welcome to your new home, !
at the boxoffice at Full Sail
what do u think happened to Leddy after the beginning of the season?
Then you've never lived!
Playing two services with the Family Church in Whittier this morning. Get er' done.
So true-__________-
haha, ive seen better looking people at a deichmiller family reunion. ive been good. what are u up to?
Cartoons now days suck booty
hey sexy why did u unblock me and do u still wanna be my wife or have you met someone else
Oh my. My parents had the model M keyboard on our first desktop.
Nice! I'm glad you loved it. I was obviously so impressed that I tossed it on YouTube!
Well, I'm about to see if I can go back to sleep;
When I sleep with my contacts, they get so fucking dry :(
Love you more <3
I'm pulling a total beekman: no sleep, traveling, outrageous comments, innovations, intense vibes galore
must make it home in time for
People want to se movies that mean something - Mitchell.
Freaked out by the extent and tone of Jobs grief. No offense to Jobs.
RT : "The only thing an excuse gives you is an option out of the life you'd like to live." ~Dr Wayne Dyer
To celebrate St. Patty's day we're rehearsing #RomeoandJuliet by our favorite Irish playwright, Bill O'Shakespeare.
To all of our Holiday Party guests, Happy Holidays! Thanks for celebrating with Saz's Catering!! www.sazs.com
elephants walking thru downtown providence
jute is a very strong bast fiber like hemp or flax/linen that is often used for making rope. (I'm a bast fiber geek)
Not even going to lie... Been laying in my floor naked for 10 minutes now y'all.
watching the voice for the first time.... this is a problem. i'm sort of addicted. and i should be doing work. oh well, whatever.
I watched it...bleh
The Biebs is so cute
Have a great weekend! hope to see you at the parade and festival on Cedar Springs!
Wow! The #PRSA Renaissance Awards are beautiful! Very well done
mhhmm, avant, kem, carl thomas, donell jones, i could go on for days :p
You bet. We'll have a check-in table; you can leave them there, or pass them around in sessions.
i could probably get more pussy than most the guys that live in this town.
me too:)
Eatting the hell out of this Apple sauce like it was some Grade A Pussy
amen! you = wise, guru-esque!
I went on a blocking spree (over 200 people) a while back. Many of them were for no real reason.
amen sister!
Happy birthday !! Hope it's a good one!
Go to bed<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Time to shower..blah
Iced coffee is amazing. Also - hello! good morning! it's a great day! I'm having caffeine for the first time in weeks!!!
you lie,i cry the tears turn into pain when and why did we start playing this game.? #NewSongImMaking!<33 like??
Haha! Nice! We'll look for you. RT I'm going to be the Bulls' lucky charm at the game tonight! :)
- as a coach for 20 years, trust me it's over-rated.. players win games.. ask Jimmy Johnson with his Cane teams in the 80s..
I want to remix BO! You Already know!
#oneofmyfavoritemovies True Romance
Still in need of a massage..any suggestions?
In case you weren't aware, I'm still procrastinating. It IS Friday, after all.
~Stanislaus I, MaximsSometimes I think my life would make a great TV movie.
Having a difficult conversation with my Mom today.
Deleting someone off bbm 'cause, tbh, you don't need broadcasts being informed that 'her brother stole her grinder'
No, Billings is all that I am using for now. What do you use?
I'm going to guess Jayson Werth just broke his wrist. Not good.
Damn #Clippers act like they never seen a shot like that before...
This room still looks relevant!
Oh and while we on current events: Brian McKnight, its time to retire. You are too old to be talking like that...ugh:/
it's been like this forever... we're always apart.
somebody stole my butterfinger
i said get me outa here i said get me out of here!
Man summer can't come faster! Sun is out and we are ready. Are u ready for to open March 9th!??
- just read that, 2 months later, with no context..and it was pretty funny
I've been so behind on stuff about you I feel bad :/
you know i think about it. most of my friends either got with or fucked the girls i wanted to date.
good morning to u Ms
Last day of the season. Do I stay all day and enjoy the weather or leave early and enjoy the weather??!!
see you soon. Austin is lucky to have u ;)
Playing Vancouver tonight @ Biltmore Cabaret. @ 9, @ 10. Be there for fun Canadian rock times!!!
Review: Mega Man #12 – Welcome to the Darkside Mega Man | Comic Vault - News & Opinion via Rock solid comic guys
Follow #DC award-winning #AffordableHousing & Wellness Center providing services for low-income seniors
Family guy<3
What is the best resource/link/article/etc for thinking about meaningful educational uses of iPads in the classroom?
it's no eiffel tower, but it's a start. at least it's not a starbucks cup ;)
lol! shut up!
Woohoo - Woohooo - congrats! Yea, just pop in my office after. Maybe I'll rap another Biggie show tune if I'm in the mood.
its gonna be a done deal my friend!! Lol get ready
one of the best moments of my life happened last night. I wish you and were their for it.
"That bitch has always lived on Planet Bananas" lol...Suzie from Basketball Wives!!
oh, ok . i was concerned you were having monday blues or were out of coffee and going through withdrawal or something...
Just watched Little Monsters with Kayli. Used to watch this movie when I was a kid.
Spring definitely has hit Wisconsin. First I saw the sandhill cranes. Then the robins. Had a snow day only last week! Today it's 50 degrees
Others? RT : Mrs OJ taught play was learning too! MT Lots of inventors mention inspirational teachers.
will pass along the msg! Was my first time trying her "professional" desserts as I never ate at Capitol Grille while she was there
lol seems like your having a bad day so far
i don't want to be able to think right now
A common belief is that John says "I Buried Paul" at the end of Strawberry Fields, he actually says "Cranberry Sauce", not once, but twi
<------This guy is going to New York City! :-D Hurry up July
Rise and grind!!! its finally here, SKIN IS IN FASHION SHOW! come see my black label formal swimwear collection!!!
Green pants thursday?
Uhm, i'd run down the road screaming.
your take on leading w/heart. - Hats off to you for using the word sissie in an article.
Gottlieb: Went around room asking how much each official made - $270k to $700k each - city officials in 2-sq mile city of Bell made more...
oh no!:( im sorry! But def do! Always room for one more
Apparently paying more attention to Petrino than that!! I've been out of the loop this week
wow,you just mademy entire night fuck,made my entire life even ha. thank you! It's overwhelming to keep up at times but WORTH IT
Son: "There's Danny Brown". Me: "The author?". Son sighs.
Rain is a good thing, except during rush hour.
Harp Making by John Kovac - www.shenandoahmusic.com/harp-making-kits.htm - I put one together and love having it around the house.
hoping for a travel call? In the NBA? come on Blazers
not postal, but I won't talk or discuss football until the draft! LOL!
Super pumped for tonight!!! The physical rain is a symbol of what is going to pour tonight!!! Yall need to be there
Meeting w/Alums, seeing how they continue to serve, learning about the direction of the LA Alums group, & how RP can help!
Let's go Dolphins!
Kick into summer with a #BOGO 50% off on summer essentials at
Never using #priceline again. First and last experience was terrible. I would rather pay full price then give them any discounted rate.
ha wow.
Joe Little of : I'm a mutt - developed skills & styles by taking little things like from lots of great reporters.
Laying in bed watching TV. Nothing interesting! Haha. What about you? :)
Second business session happening now in Columbia. is speaking.
The twitter is followed by more than half directioners. Hahahahha yes.
Good morning <U+2600>#ilvolovers It's Friday.. Enjoy your weekend, be safe I love you all team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Joe, sorry, getting back so late on this. Yes, I'm aware of that. What is the time your site should load at before google penalizes?
damn thats a very hard choice! they both sound god!!! UGH! tough decision...ill leave it up to :)
I have been smelling cow shit for 3 days straight! Love the country but in need of the city.
your very welcome, thank you for being you =)
Hello NYC, I missed you.
send me your number again. o:
I'm in Houston but traveling anywhere they'll see me for an acting gig.
u can keep the AC. but I'd like my porn collection.
About Me: I show followers how to raise money from major donors. #Follow me to learn more about major givers and how to connect with them!
RT : going to see Scott Pilgrim tonight at tonight. Show starts at 11pm
Can't wait for my gay friends to start getting engaged instead of my straight ones. their wedding reception dance parties = SO much more fun
Wait wait wait, I'm behind. Are the rangers growing creeper staches instead of beards?!
February is going by so quick!
says "Dale" better than Pit Bull ever could.
There R new moms,old&moms that R not hear to see this day! &women that cant have kids doesn't mean yr not a mom But just note! Everyhas 1mom
SenSourceLauren Thanks for following...
Night night tweeters!! :)
I refuse to follow any one on
Good night to everyone
I'm so tired of being sick :(
had a great dinner w/ the fam 2nite. thx for the great food & service
If its one thing u can count on...U can count on me
I love u. Keep ur chin up we are all in this together :) xoxoxo
Enjoying the weather!
mac&cheese
Happy #Friday everyone! What exciting plans do you have for this #weekend?
I've decided that I'm following you because you annoy so many other people. I can respect that...
thank you very much!
How'd it get so cold in #SanDiego? I put away all my winter clothes already! Come back, come back sun!
I just got my #Brewers heels from and I'm very disappointed the color is way different then they looked on the website.
RT : I speak 4 languages: english, profanity, sarcasm, & real shit.
One must fight for a life of action, not reaction
It's worse than dog eats dog. It's dog doesn't return dog's phone calls.
For once I am glad I was wrong, Dallas wins the championship!
hey kids!
at the Hilton NYC in support of 's scholars!
“: To everyone outside China, you're welcome! #LAKings #Believe” HAHAHAAAAA
no beer in the office just high end hard stuff
where you at?!
#dhtrial PMs continued: yes Nic is fun. No, not a real life diva. She played one on TV. She and Eva were both fun and funny between takes.
How will the MSM/GOP react to Ron Paul having more delegates than Romney at GOP convention? Change the rules? or just try to lie to public?
I use Indian Remy hair lashes. They make a huge diff in the overall look.
"Quit worrying about your health. It'll go away." Ha! Good Monday! Voodoo
Oops wrong button lol
Haha i finished my homework;) didnt need THAT much time...being on the computer is 0KAY.
best idea ever
I'll think of you while I enjoy delicious banh mi
Merry Christmas to all our favorite followers!
yeah. that's what i dont get. they DK you, and they still hate. you MUST be awesome for people to be SO jealous! :)
I hear you- 5 yesterday, 5 tomorrow...
If you haven't yet, everyone check out and pick up some gnarly stickers!!
lol there you go!!! You are speaking the truth today!!!
Titanic II Who would wanna get on that ship? Can't believe they are making another one...not the movie, but a ship! Lol
Hi Noticed that you tweeted about your electric bill last week-was it distressing? Have you ever considered prepaid electricity?
the one off 485/Providence Rd I purchased a touch screen Thermo years ago but nest features have me drooling over saving more energy!
City is freaking HUNGRY for that second goal.
Same here in Tennessee!
on the road again...just can'y
i went to send you a message but you don't follow mw. :(
Merry Christmas dude...Hope its a good one for u and u get to spend it with family
Good Morning everyone :)
We hope to launch our new website within two weeks!
Can wait for JUNE<U+2665>,Italy :*
An unexpected Residual cheque I found in my mailbox today made me smile. #ah, the joy of forgotten hard work remembered & re-rewarded!!!
RT : How is everyone today? Finishing up a song I started yesterday that is SICK! Then gonna chill at wango tango tonight w ...
Your main goal in joining us is to network & gain knowledge from the guru's who have the inside track!
I love it! I love the video! Greatest MV Ever!
AWEH IT SOUNDS LIKE COLTON IS ABOUT TO CRY AND HOLLIE IS CRYIN. AWWW SADDEST MOMENT EVER! NO COLTON. DON'T LEAVE. OH GOD JENNIFERS CRYIN TOO
Idk why I ever underestimated the power of love
Was a last-minute decision to come down. You guys around? Or still on the wedding dress tour?
I want some tropical skittles! Late night walk to Quicktrip? So necessary
Super fun!!!
#Obama in SF last two days and missed him! Sucks. Would have like to at least seen AFOne or the presidential motorcade.
You know you're a regular at phop when she already knows you want ranch and she gives it to you for free
OMFG JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING THE NEXT 10 WHO FOLLOWS !!!!
I don't know what's more depressing, that I've taken a bus to a mall just to eat panda express, or seeing melancholia by myself yesterday
Or if your feed gets flooded by shallow observations by , drink ;)
yeah... Thats still illegal.
": Remember the past, plan for the future, but live for today, because yesterday is gone and tomorrow may never come."
When people write depressing statuses on Facebook, I want to be the ass that clicks 'like'.
i SO wish i could go, i wanna see MT so bad! but, i'm still hopefully having my grad party the 9th so y'all can still play(:
I can't stop listening to the #Fun song #WeAreYoung. It's bordering on addiction. I blame
Setoguchi bangs in his own rebound assists from boyle and heatley
would by adding crawford make Portland more of a threat in the west??
Hahaa. You're so right, Pat. Enjoy your day. The weather is Beautiful.
Or, "What About Bob Nelson?"
hahahaha I'm just teasing. If we hang out soon we can bake cookies!
no, that crash into Gasol's kidney on the FT was totally unnecessary.
RT : If I'm ugly . I want someone to tell me . So I can fix the problem .
Gym time
I KNOW
For now on, I will never buy another pack of cigarettes.
in this Garcia :)
The best example of leadership, is leadership by example
lmao I know right ! but can' t wait for spring break ! lol
Happy Birthday MixMenu!!!
yes! i don't think i could write paragraphs on what i wanted to say anyway. i certainly don't have the time.
no it's not.... But it would be a perfect time to sing...
A bitch thought wrong once again lmfao :)
Don't forget to check out our fall schedule. Email Paula for more information
put yourself together.change the situation if you can. complaints won't help.I look forward to seeing a upbeat you soon
These Shahs os sunset girls are idiot mean girls too ....
Crew Neck or V-Neck?
A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
He felt played and tried to play it off
by the end of the previews, I can never remember what movie i've come to see
Soon, Soon.
Studies have shown that women recover from breast-cancer surgery more quickly if they spend time in a garden
Thanks for mentioning !
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Happy 50th Birthday to my dad!(: Bout to go watch IU kill it.
Real Black Mamba! RT: saw mask Kobe is thinking about wearing tonight. All black. If he goes w it, he'll look like a Super Hero
I never once got outta line wit u . Dnt need no new friends. Just thought u got over being a ass whole . OLD FRIEND.
Remaking America: From Poverty 2 Prosperity on #CSPAN now. Ft. MLK was anti-racism & anti-poverty.
The best things in life are free
If The Boys Dont Remember Me , Ima Make Sure They Do Lol .
Love this! Any artist-turned-cook knows that a salad bowl is the best kind of canvas. I've been known to hand-place walnuts.
Black people there is a recall on Chinese tso chicken. Refrain from all sweet sauces.
packed the shit out of
Rodrigo and Gabriela with an unbelievably diverse show! Just referenced Take Five...so much talent, so many musical styles.
Someone offering Free Obama stickers. I thought: "maybe authorizing indefinite detention of US citizens wasn't such a good idea, was it?"
Tim asked me out!!!
Excellent info in class last night...many thanks to inspirational guest speakers and for sharing!
just glad we still keep in touch tho. He's like the bro I never had.
Driftin.. settling.. off to a foreign place
be thankful for that lol
“: You can achieve ANYTHING u put your mind to if u put in enough effort, passion and determination. #PushThrough #TDL”
First look at the TourPad app at #islandoracamp - really exciting stuff.
Going to your friends house early then sleeping on their couch >
Totally Agree! RT : was so great to meet you Myrdin, did you tell your kids the President thinks you're awesome yet?!
RT : Goin to victoria,secret tomorrow.....cool wt u bringing me
Wow, Taibbi put Jordan, Matt Ohl, and I at the same table...
That's actually a secret.
Thanks for the follow. Have a blast on that solo record!
You got to protect the core of your relationship.
#projectx is a must-see for every parent. You'll never leave your kids home alone again.
Cool, man!!! I wanna bring my crew thru while I'm there, but it's gonna be 9 of us tho.
lemme know when you wanna lose money!
Some working individual like chemical engineers have to take their gold rings out of their hands in their duty hours
From there the adventures begin, she bring him around the ocean while he brings her on the island
Could go for some blue moon right meow. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
*waits for Syd to think*
yes we must!!!! "the king is having a ball"
via Attempting first Whitecaps fan Q&A of 2010. Email questions for players and staff to
looking forward to the 4th of July!
Departing for Sedona, Arizona......in search of the "Vortex"!
Great ice breaker... "Hey, are you guys coming back tomorrow night for Operation Orange?" Instant friends. See how that works?
can u plzzz follow me u followed me on my other account
Consarn it, Dreamweaver, why does everything with you "contain an invalid path" when it worked fine earlier?
Lol I'm always the mean one...smh
Book: Future Shock via
Thinking of going Brazilian style and dropping my first name.
I hope it's cold for the rest of the year.
I'm slowly trying to understand.
The winningest QB in NCAAF history SHOULD be able to beat Seneca to a backup spot.
haha I see them everyday. Best one was a 90 year old lady!
This celebrity, I mean president, is about as good at policy as Lindsay Lohan is with a breathalyzer.
Due to $175.00/day Wi-Fi at the resort in MEX. #livetweetthevacation was cancelled. Back in the USA now with a tan and a headache.
Maury too funny swear
Went downtown alone today.....it was nice ^_^
Working on panel for Library Management Institute | July 2 Philadelphia. Expect an invite: Digital (everything) + libraries.
HELP --> RT : 2,999 -- so hard for me to hit follower milestones ...
Biking around Billyburg.
PEOPLE WHO KILL THEMSELVES MAKES ME SICK
My screenplay Road to Sturgis won best action/adventure feature in the screenplay comp. at Sundance Film Festival!
Polite yet firm refusal. Clients are fickle; ethics shouldn't be!
Is it weird that I sleep with my notes under my pillow the night before an exam?
everyone was too busy making wishes...
Lol your always hungry just playing and me to brb!
Mr. Don Cornelius: thank you for introducing us to the talents of the music & comedic industry via Soul Train! Rest In Peace.
Second year in a row not at CHI. :(
thanks but no thanks
The baddest has cleared the air with some but others are just stubborn.
I really want at least one of the Kardashians to tell me happy birthday, ahaha.
are you a senior?
i get the spine chill, but jace as an object is defined as much by situation it creates as by individually paid for and owned card
Of Course! How was comic-con last night?I wish i was there!
Good to see back on the court the past few weeks.
Be the hammer or the nail... www.YourTimeToAct.com
What are people on the outside saying about COS? "Stunned at how much we're able to do" (from pro travelers who'd never been here)
Can't you see what you do to baby?
oh wow i should've done that. id show her what "real magic" is. lmfao xD
sounds great!
any insight as to why the badge isn't unlocking for some users?
When my mom says I'm "addicated" to my phone>>>
Welp, it's Valentine's Day, and I'm single. That bf I don't have is really missing out on the blowjob of a lifetime.
Diablo first time ive gotten a DM in years
You Don't Get On FB As Much As Twitter For Real lol
He lived there 11 formative years, and it's where he recuperated after the war--an interpretive gold mine.
Hey you have doneALOT in the world you #MakeAChange, you #ChangeLifes&i want2do2 its ALWAYS been a dream!
Even though I'm American, where can one go to support the preservation of these archives? Who needs a letter of support?
A 5 foot somethin' cherry bomb, she had everything goin on, the first thing that caught my eye....
In the next room, my son just recited "Annabel Lee," my daughter recited "Jabberwocky," and then they had a burping contest. It's all good.
hey sweetie how are. You
Watch out , I'm tweeting from my new iPad! Thank you for bringing me into this century!!!
Shall we start the WTF board?
What is my DM?
At work early for a shoot.
send your "Make Up" song to them.
bryan ferry, 66, weds son's ex-gf, 29. good work if you can get it.
In the lab with
It really doesn't matter...life DOES go on
Being "a member of Christ" is not merely an individual relationship with the Messiah, but participation in a community
30 minutes until the polls close...let's keep pushing!
does it have something to do with ??? lol i would die
East coasters should do burpies inside as IRENE passes #stircrazy #boredtotears lose weight while you wait
Thank you so much for the follow!!
I LOVE this! I may not know this person, but I will be standing in honor for sure. God be praised!
Let's book some studio time stat.
Anyone who's shocked that North Carolina banned gay marriage should remember that North Carolina still loves Civil War Reenactments
message me
And the other half is complaining about the lockout.
FOLLOW ON TWITTER !!! FOR ALL UPCOMING EVENTS, FREE CONCERT TIX, AND CHANCE TO WIN VIP PARTIES FOR YOU AND YOUR GUEST!! DO IT
you always beef for attention i bet you won't put a diss record out towards ja rule and rick ross Mpire and MMG would tear you apart
lmao jk then thought i saw you yesterday, i swear it was your twin
I'm barely sore after yesterday's run, which is surprising, since it's a mile longer than any run I've done before. Epsom salts FTW.
The movie I'm watching is a perfect example why parents should believe their kids
I got the pick-2, but my salad was barely 1/4 of a salad. Three bites it took to finish it were good though lol
Now you know you're officially back!
Nice to have a full day of no obligations!
That would be great, if you're opening DM's today ;-)
Death Knell? to launch major user profile redesign this week, including music & media platforms & better shopping.
looking forward to golfing at Yale on Saturday with my favorites :)
Well the penguins event is at 6:30, so you might be able to make both
Being back at elizabethton high school <<<
Funny... Is it your mixed tape? gawd, '93?
What is so great about Paula Patton?
get a straight perm!!:)
YOUR WELCOME SWEETY
You could slit my throat, and with my one last gasping breath, I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
Todaii is my birthday :D
Sme Dam Hair Glue !
Lovin the #oscars. Who's watching?
Boobears waiting for you in bed. Go on. Go on now Hazza.
House to myself for the whole weekend
when he invented payola?
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it! I'm proud to have been a (small) part of it.
yeah but chicken strips are for a cheddars visit or something. No self respecting man gets chicken strips at a steakhouse.
lmao ok I got like 3bucks
How was Tiger Jam in Vegas?
thanks for the mention!
OK GUYS. MY NEW ACCOUNT IS I WILL BE ON EVERYDAY & POST PICS EVERY TWO DAYS. I FOLLOW BACK SO DM ME YOUR IDEAS AND SEND PICS<U+E057>
The path of the righteous is like the first gleam of dawn, shining ever brighter till the full light of day. Proverbs 4:18
Sorry doesnt get me out of China. Have your friend bring me food.
Coming to try out your food tonight! Super excited!
"Show 'em how 2 move in a room full of vulchers"
My female crushes are Demi Lovato and Cher Lloyd... idk I just love them.
Clutch 2 out 2 RBI single by to get the season started off right!!!
Ready to begin the third half of my day...
Learning 5-10 new covers for our next couple shows... Any suggestions? Sorry girls, no bieber will be considered.
me too!!! Haha
Remember when we were kids & people gave out raisins. Dentist says those are just as bad for your teeth as candy.Not another box of raisins!
thanks to my fb app I see you have a bday coming. What's on the agenda??
being able to scratch my scalp is heaven!
didn't finish it lol I'll make sure to
his wheelchair had rims.
The bus won't show up 15 min late
Starting Today Im A New Person
Hackers Target Celebrities Epiphany Solutions
Love Slightly Stoopid...bummed I missed the concert! Saw them play when I lived in San Diego. Will be at the Bird's Nest 2night
Lol... So many of us are.
#yougetpointsif you respond quickly
Pretty Ugly: Visual Rebellion in Design This new book looks at what can be achieved by breaking the rules of design.
Let me see your true colors.
This is a low point, no clue what im gonna do. Really wishing I didn't love here anymore.
Trying to motivate to go to spin class....but all I want to do is watch Mj videos
fame whore calling the delusional narcissist orange.
Working on #Greenland trip photo essays and lectures...a bit of writer's block. Yikes.
By 2030, 1 in 4 Americans will be age 65+, & number of seniors in San Diego County is forecasted to double to 700K
Okay People Gotta #ZonkOut It's Getting Later.. Night Sleep Tight
I had too much Mahi Dudi last night!! Persian New Year food never tasted so good to me!!
let me kno when u got some time u gotta hear this shit.....
Good plan. Already looking forward to it.
oh my god there was a commercial filmed in Bonney lake, about Bonney lake?!?!
We're a grassroots group who welcomes parents in support of kids-first decision making.
Indiana Pacers go up 2-1 in the series. Yikes.
what do u mean
Not that we pay attention to such things, but we're awfully close to 4,000 followers...
Maybe but it feels much better today than it did 30 days ago
I hear he's damn good at it too!
Dancing On Ice YEY! Crumpets at the ready x.
My bracket officially sucks now after the last two nights
Wow. big props to the two pop girls who are gonna be on the Hunger Games soundtrack! Represent.
Not for When it started raining the other day, she ran to the gate: "Enough running! Get me outta here!"
Her approach is right! What is beer anyway but liquid bread...carbo loading is the key to good running times?
gonna get more pix up on twit pic
send me some info on it to and let me see if I can help you find some people. Thanks
i was followin madd #MINDLESS ppl thts y i was takin madd long to tweet well theres nuttin to tweet well i just tweeted so WTH anyways MB4ev
theme song for the Ravens this year
Burning Man very much on the horizon !!
"If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito." ~ Betty Reese... Think again. ;)
#1yearago #Gaddafi and #Assad still thought they'd rule forever. They learn the hard way.
Laura on #WatchWhatHappens is talented.
I don't like being at Marmaduke by myself. Makes me reminise too much.
saving you boys from crazy fan girls all day everyday
Found my buddha is pink first, because I goggled "I realized I'm Buddhist." What are your others?
True Born Records Z
Thumbing through journals from when I was in my 20's, there are so many truths that I knew back then but forget on a daily basis.
Do you know what its like to be nameless?
I'm just saying, now that people aren't stalking you, they are all asking me about you.
: We Hope Everyone Had OR Is Having A Blessed Morning
I know I will let u know more about her tomar when I get more info ohh and she has lost all her teeth :(
you did THAT?? while you were dating her? AHAHA
it was so great talking to you for the first time in like ever. i misssh youoou!
thats an interesting question
I'd Never tell you to stop, I'll tell you to hit it harder and harder!!
I pray im 100% by next Tuesday
lol she stole my hat!
That's it. I'm checking into tickets for vegas.
Official launch of www.datingchicagoland.com is August 9th--10 DAYS! Reason #10 to join-Communication with members immediately upon sign-up!
Another day at the #office..good thing its almost the #weekend. One week till #Seattle !
Natalie Portman is perfect
yea fasho put that dual exhaust on dat G-thang
Jersey shore. What a beautiful and relaxing place.
# Me too! Emdm was a great experience
DEADASS? PHENOMENAL? NICE.
HOLD ON GOD DAMMIT!!!! ILL TALK TO YOU RIGHT AFTER ABOUT A GIRL!
That awkward moment where you're always against Cody Magno in a historical argument. Why do I even research?
that was dumb
I love you. Happy New Year!
Oh, I blew it out when I was in high school, skiing, then jumping over a fence to go midnight swimming...Never the same.
Jaimie Cloud will facilitate a breakout session @ the 2nd Annual Green Schools Conference - Denver, CO | Feb 27 - 29. Hope to see you there!
#Genychat We also have to do our part to earn the trust and opportunities. Actions speak louder than words!
Always busy Gina-keeps my mind going!!! happy Friday back at you!!!
It happened to me while I was drugged. People who claim it can't happen are promoting rape myths.
It's some cold a** movies comin out this summer, this is a good time period for movies
what movie??
You're thinking of Elton John's Oscar party.
Today is $5.00 Monday! We'll see you here for great films at great prices!
Send me a link. I'd love to check out what you're doing. :)
Sorry to hear. Hope O's ok, GS.
Happiness is self-defined, it's impossible to be defined by others. Find your happiness :-).
damn u don't show them hoes no love lol
Rest in Peace Mary Travers
Love it!
He has the right to criticize who has the heart to help. -Abraham Lincoln
sending help! I'm in Pittsburgh! Send directions from Fox Chapel!
Fuck! Its another one of those "fitting a suspect description" days.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
All them bitches is ratchet.
Get Austin Mahone Verified!!!!
lol she is leaving for the Fall and needs someone to sub lease her room
The Blazers would make me turn this game back on..
killed it i inspired by them i<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> them so much i pray to God that i meet them and record a song with them one day
A Road Less Traveled (arltmusic) thanks for the follow.
Everyone in the #pennst mob are just the kids that dont have fake I.d.s
Total volume of ad mail sent in 2010 = 83.5 B pieces (USPS Household Diary Study).
RT : Let people subscribe to FAQ & crisis updates: SMS, email, Blog RSS, etc - Keeps people informed advises
aw man that must have been a hell of a show!
Singing the praises of donorschoose.org!
go follow my owner ;) she's cool.
I saw it today to and I laughed so much
Dude drive down here and we can get some redneck glamour shots with large blue eyelashes and a ton of gauze effects.
Why is my TL all screwed up twitter ??
Thank you, Amanda! x
It's go time! Going to finish these edits tonight, or die trying!
Really. Creepy huh, our ghost coughes and he makes noises constantly in the basement. He partied all the time down there
Not tonight, but we wish! April 26. Can't wait to nerd out with you!
I love LA. Apartment hunting and job searching ftw!
A bit overcast out today but still warm, join us at 4 when we open up our patio!
#ThatMoment when you are Sexually touching the wall trying to find the light switch.
Kaitlyn Stroud a huge diving save for Kansas.
Mark this day: Mary is wearing leggings as pants.
Who's dressing up for Halloween and what are you going to be?
I'm not really sure. But I say everyone has somewhere to stay. This is a small town and everybody has stepped in to help.
heh yeah I can't claim to be full on paleo either. Need my beer and occasionally mixed drinks
Never call a woman a "bitch" (bitches hate that).
Some people are embarrassingly poor at navigating sidewalk traffic.
Not feeling good. Tired.
"The Church were Love is" when you pay tithe and are drama free.
#Mal tempo#
Who is still at Virgin Fest????
feel ya!
Me? Weird? NOPE! I'm Limited Edition.
listened to the hey song on the radio while driving to school today.
RT I JUST WON TICKETS AND A PRIVATE PERFORMANCE IN BUFFALO! THANK YOU ! I'M FREAKING OUT.
Pierre McGuire almost named Habs GM. Was the organization collectively drunk or did they just pull off a massive prank?
Congratulations to Leslie Hall Pinder on her #starred publishers weekly review!
Mustard exclusive. On C-SPAN now, talking about sandwiches served at the White House during meeting with Hill leaders.
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine? - Tupac Shakur
-love ur site. The old pic of DC Talk is great. look forward to having more time to look at it more. (via )
awesomeness!!! =D <33
well in that case when you find a good woman drop her my name and I'll make her my queen
Thank you for your sweet comment, Signora Rossi !
Next time you head to either location, check in and choose which reward you want to redeem. Tweet us a pic when you do!
"Gross." "shut up my farts smell like roses"
me to and so is my dog Bo.
GOOD MORNING...... Happy St Nick's Day!
Prepare for GRE, SAT, ACT http;//www.amazon.com/Build-Vocabulary-Skills-Method-ebook/dp/B00H1TLPS/ref=sr
Volume 15.14 and 15.15 is up. Also check our website for some interesting new links.
DO not fear your enemies/problems, they are an uninvited guest, they need to leave and you can ask them questions if you need to
Aw, thank you so much --- I hope you have a great day too!
time to go headed on my way!
Uh oh. What did you do?
Congrats!! The worst is over!! Let's celebrate!
My legs are soft
blood's okay. Neural injuries are more of a buzzkill.
The SEM people at Spam must have piggy squealed in joy when they realized the built-in ad opportunity provided by Google's junk mail folder.
On the bus. Follow me
--"Good thing we didn't do anything stupid, like shoot it in the head" best line. lol.
Are you actually gonna watch the movie? ;)
Scottys Tuesdays is my new favorite thing. Prepare for my face from now on
Howdy do! Back at ya! (:
Not really. It was just a picture of my Willey Rd sign and my sleek new desk set up. Ikea!
I'll never stop love you baby,'cos u R the half-part of me
The real menace in dealing with a five-year-old is that in no time at all you begin to sound like a five-year-old. - Jean Kerr
Canadians are more polite when they are being rude than Americans are when they are being friendly.
ask adrian about them long shots tho
I can't find him.
The day I fly out of when it's not a cluster, I'll be very surprised.
Thanks for the RT :). Keep it up. Drop your stuff on Kuento ANYTIME!
Congrats on Mizdirection's win, Romey!
“Ladies: Place your heart in the hands of God and he will place it in the hands of a man he believes deserves it.”
ah I'm not the studious studying type. The thought of doing work is a drag ! I rather just make a billion dollars :)
Happy 4th of July from Penn Athletic Club!
The 5th of May - must mean a trip to the gym and a night out with friends. Keep true to your workout, then enjoy the weekend. Stay Studly!
Easter brunch with my other family Dari and Mng Annie!
It sounds SO good! Love it when research reads like a mystery novel. Can't wait till it opens!
yeah, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! :D
you are.quite possibly the #HOTTEST chef ever!
tennis was fun.now mall.(:
It’s largely untapped – there’s a lot of friction in the system right now for local advertisers to get into mobile.
There ain't nothing at the office So important it can't wait...
Daniel Bryan got beat in the quickest WWE match in recent mania memory. Yes, they think of him as a huge star. It's obvious.
that's random, now I'm gonna be looking for that product when i go shopping.
#youmightbeanautismparentif Just wanted to throw that out there and be real for a minute.
Agree!! RT : most definitely domestic violence "what is the biggest relationship deal breaker?"
Somebody should make hoodies that say "Justice For Trayvon" on it....I would wear it no problem <3
Wade's face after that call <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>lulz
aw good luck girl! Get off twitter trust me we arent important! Also you better stop by the academy one day when you get home :)
Happy day Kioni.
Tupac is not dead .
Off to a shaky start. Trying to steady things out.
cool thx for clarifying that
Unless Chile makes an ample apology for the #Baltimore incident, there will be war. Valparaiso will fall in a matter of days.
The guy working in Vans is cute. Haha
Follow Me Please!? 79
very impressive cast !!
As Emily Dickinson once said: "When it tears the roof off the sucka', I know it's poetry."
Rip adam youch
Attn runners!!! -> RT : Any #running bloggers interested in helping for our Race for the Cure in September? DM for details.
Free Yoga This Sunday Only! March 11th from 9a-10a for all Jersey City Daily readers! Thanks for following!
Before we get into a relationship, show me the HOEfax!
Congrats to for winning a free pass to FITC at last wknd's bonfire meetup! Thx again to the awesome FITC crew for hooking us up!
Getting started as an student and intern means looking forward to new projects, and 's DH course!
AH =) Happy
lol there locked up to?
still an ending.... You said there wasnt one.
Good idea. My plan is to visit the small store closest to me and then a bigger one with author signings, costumes, etc.
Much love to Pat Summit. She has been an awesome Pioneer for the sport of basketball. I wish her the best!
throw an ASOT party in Miami!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Nights like these make my mind race. Luckily, I have my brothers here with me.
Thanks John. Happy Friday!
my mom just told a guy sitting by us at schoops that he was cute in front of his gf *facepalm*
Baseball: Internet problems seem to be fixed.
RT : CONGRATS! is our giveaway winner tonight.
Thanks for the kind words in your DM. Stay in touch coach and enjoy the shirt!
I just completed my final sales floor shift. It was glorious. Training starts tomorrow (FINALLY!).
All I want to do is be successful
On Dec 17, Stephane Roux, artist on Zatanna and Star Wars: Agent of the Empire, will be doing a store signing from 1pm-4pm
Wild-Mountain-Blueberry-Coffee o'clock. Aw yeah.
PAHAHAHAHA I wouldn't be surprised if its one of the Laner's
Makery lights are off
Woah has it been a long time since i talked to you!?
Tonight is the WMUR Spring Concert with What Made Milwaukee Famous, The Living Statues and Nathan Mathes! 8pm Weasler Auditorium. Be There.
Note to self: Just because Jelly Bellies represent a curious range of flavoring, they do not constitute a proper meal.
About to register for my first barcode!
have you seen the gaga workshop they are doing at Barneys?
Looking for quick lunch that's light on the wallet? Don't forget , home of the $0.99 Cheese Slice everyday from 10a-4p!
leggins are my weakness
IM OUT IN CLEVELAND FOR A FEW DAYS! 216 GET AT ME . IM LOOKING FOR TALENT 2 OPEN FOR ME ..
will be always my inspiration<3
Kobe Time!!
It's official is launched. Come to us for your custom Websites, business cards and flyers. Show support Rt! Rt
Thanks for helping make this the best birthday ever. I'm grateful everyday for finding Martial Arts World.
Congrats to the next editor-in-chief:
Is there a full moon or something? City wide "crazy driver" day or what???
sorry i didnt respond back on the other account. i was distracted by facebook
Join the music revolution!
yes please
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." Carl Sagan
So only tupac can come out alive in hologram... Weird.
In dietery terms, Randy Jackson adds no nutritional value.
Posting kaskade and black eyed peas remix today. About 3/4 finished with Alicia keyes remix. See u on the dancefloor.
Of course a story called the first x-men has wolverine in it
I'm doing a workshop tonight called "Show Me The Money For College" at Torrey Pines.
Wine recommendations from women 30 years your senior might be good. The cork might suck though.
Public speaking is one of the best ways to promote your business. Share your expertise. People will listen and it's great for business.
Things I like about this Times Sq. office building: the Door Close button in the elevators ACTUALLY work.
This trail leads to my school's football field so whenever me & my friends take it we step out & shout "WE'RE BACK FROM NARNIA!" Haha ((x
Needs the ipad2 straight away
Thinking I should order more circulating copies of the Chicago Manual of Style, etc.
i am soo happy for you!!! =] he seems pretty great so far!
let me know when you would like to schedule your appt 4 your bronze sunless Spray tan! $5 off! :-)
waiting till the very last second to get ready for work......
Actually, #MugglesMullet is the inspiration for women to reach orgasm.
Come on united!!
Quote from Downtown Abbey: "Every mountain is "unclimbable" until someone climbs it."
ya but if you do that When you #Shine all those assholes won't be there to see you
not human centipeid!!!!
I'm in the process of making a Austin Mahonr Story!
You know, it's really not that hard, especially if you follow an easy pattern. I got in the habit b/c I'm po' & patch my pants.
I think im losing weight shut i better not lose none of my ass
Welcome in advance to Houston!
Flicking fire like saltwater into my eyes
LOL Be sure to post pics!
All "cheer" can be found in liquid form I've found.
I'm SO behind on my Hulu queue!
Just now eating this krispy treat prepared by Lewis tatum and the first bite felt Like a bong blast.
How about that onside kick in the first quarter by NIU...
Thank you Senator for caring for the hungry mothers and their families. Happy Mother's Day to you.
Bloomsday Billboard: "YES!", but "NO" to chicken kidneys.
What the hell is wrong with you. You hate it when people bash you so you bash someone else even more?? Accidents are NOT a joke
Fred VanVleet interview: "Really took me by surprise how serious basketball is down there." Best believe that. Hoops is king in Kansas!
"it's supposed to get down to the 70s!"--horrified californians discussing this mildly cool summer as if it's a freakin ice age
Tweet the following & you could win a FREE flight to Europe: Hey , Ich will den Sitz.
sign up for southfloridaalerts.com spotlighting people, places and community!
I'm still confused as to why so many girls think its "cool" to have the Skrillex haircut and shave half of their hard. Maybe its just me.
At Ceiba Restaurant in D.C. Based on the bar, this looks promising.
Did you say yes?! Just discovered now I shall propose to myself so I can sign up.
I don't hate you, just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be..
I'm going to be mad if Gaga never released Scheiße for that reason.
Specyphi what you Believe
WWF at sprint center. Wow. It takes all types.
Laying in the sun xo
Or because it's instrumental and they're Buddhist (going by decorations here), they just don't realize it?
thank you :D
Volstad has to go. They tired it and he has failed. Everytime he pitches it's high-stress and the bullpen is taxed.
Congratulations to all of the Graduates!
if i told everyone exactly what i thought of them id probably have no friends because id say some pretty heartless shit
sorry. I'm rolling with what they give me.
No mayo. RT : We make a mean BLT at BW!
Tonight's special - East side dark braised beef with celery carrots and potatoes over root veggie purée. 14.95.
wow, that's deep...
why torture is wrong and the people who love them - 7 pm
OMFG SO SORRY BUT LOOK ON THE BRIGHT SIDE UM WE LOVE YOU ( THAT MEANS A LOT )
Finished working and crafting some monologues with director Stephen Jobes today.
Okay.. Thanks
Have fun and enjoy!!!
I will be in the QC nxt wknd. I am here a lot though. More than I thght I would. I'll dm my new
which one are you talking about?
“: I really want a cool accent..” I say this every second of my life. #WhyWasntIBornInAnotherCountry cough UK cough
hell take the day off and splurge. You have earned it!! <-- Well if Mr. Mayor says it, so be it!
Originality is overrated. Authenticity is what really matters. -Whitney George
I don't wanna talk I wanna text
Leading Edge is social! Visit us on twitter:
Girl: Yo Boy: hey love Girl: ); Boy: ? Girl: j/k i just playin with you RT if you get it :)
u wack I know u seen me call u bac
These two women are no more than 10 inches apart and using their outside voices.
Library school field study presentation today!
Twitter streams are pretty easy to filter if you use the advanced modifiers.
don't ask if u don't mean it :) lol
Welcome to twitter bitch!
are you performing at this years Laughing Skull Comedy Festival?
Hey Steve! I'd like to send you some information about our new Chicago-based app, ! What email should I send it to?
God day! So glad skools ovr
Paradise Garage party coming July 22nd at District 36. Mark your calendars #LarryLevan bday,
I'm praying you get better get some rest ok and don't forget lost of OJ and water
Yes it is a beautiful day! Please keep in touch!
go skydiving!!!! idk it's 5:43 and I'm delirious right now lmao go wine tasting in napa maybe it's slightly less dangerous
Tears should only be used for important things, never wasted on things like me
Talking with my brother bout all the music we grew up with. Al free, James brown, parliament, the temptations, Marvin gaye.
im serious J-COLE is Hot!! RT if u Agree xD
love you too :) have fun
I almost bought the jersey boys soundtrack on cd for tonight. Then I realized I bought it before. When it was new. I win.
better question is what isn't Loose Cannon. Just stay tuned fam. We don't do talking, we rather show you my dude
Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.
I really want starbucks
still cant get love sick out of my head , i love yous please follow meh <3 10
I agree 100%
There is no Sasquatch, just forgets to shave his beard.
I don't know if i should get an iPhone or A Samsung Galaxy . -_- Halp ? :<
All I want to know is this: What does a guy gotta do to make the morning report, ? LOL
You was great tonight at bowling green Kentucky!!!!! I loved it and I got your autograph! (:
": Never outshine the master."
“: I need a new Dj!!" and let Meek know he should work with
Good morning Twitter
Ceelo for his personality.
Amen honey Amen! Where do you live?
Everyone needs to follow now
wait you moved from 7th St.... So now i guess you are Whiteboyfrom7thst right?? Since your not there anymore
You know was really hoping to be on your most eligible Madisonians list.
Absolutely nothing on tv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Anyone have information to share about long gone western PA breweries or regional brewing history?
PLAY TO WIN A : How do you give back during the holidays? Best answer wins!
Today is going to be a good day.
You know what chaps my ass? No? Oh well! When someone goes to a concert and acts too cool to be there. U aren't, so stay the F home!
It's a country music kinda afternoon...need the sun, a corona and some shades ASAP.
Tweet my azzzzz
I need a door. To close.
Do or die #Lakers so c'mon let's do!!
Where did you see that?
Wishing our member sissytt a HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope you have a wonderful day.
Sounds delicious (and nutritious too!)! How exactly do you make carrot fries?
I am awake by choice right now?!
love the jewelry ;)
Well, since it's this week and nobody else has put one forth... might I suggest #CGuild2012 for the Conductors Guild hashtag? cc
so true:)
Sorry I missed this tweet!
FREE !! HE'S #INNOCENT & DOES NOT BELONG IN PRISON!! SHAME ON YOU #NH FOR KEEPING A #WRONGLYCONVICTED MAN!! FREE !!!
Come to Le Cheile on 181st and Cabrini Blvd! Washington Heights for the Pinball Tournament!!! Sponsored by PBR! Come drink some $2 PBRs!!
Double Stuff Oreos. Should I or shouldn't I and its too late, I did.
Thanks soo muchh!! much love to ya!!
where is the new record!? I've played cloak and cipher more times then i can count!
Finished digging out the car, had second breakfast, reading Plato, when's nap-time?
its been way too long since i've had animal crackers
I'm forever yours babe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
really needs to get back on the path to pursuing my dreams.
Lot's of PD, ongoing communication, data in LMS, classroom walkthroughs, survey data, hire excellent instructors.
I saw it! Admittedly, it's not too hard to spot the shuttle when it buzzes the Washington Monument 3 times in a row.
yeah jimmy!!!
What a relief that my identity & freedom is in Christ.. not in relationships, my job or dashed dreams. Christ is so worth it...
Relaxing at our hotel in Reno before the show
I think I knew more about Physics 2 prior to this semester starting.
I am so horrible at golf, I barely make it onto the green. I congratulate and envy your hole in one!
Thanks man!
awe okay ill find out
There's a difference between feeling happy and actually being happy.
RT Such a gigantic piece yet so tender & gorgeous. <<< That's what she said.
Made it through my brothers funeral. Man that was tough, rest in peace Paul Costa 2/4/69-10/21/11
what does friday mean to a grad student?
I'll admit I have a man crush on John Wayne #SexiestManAlive he showed bitches what's up and they rolled with the punches....
I'm writing a book about food. Wanna talk? Haha. I'll be in DC week after Labor Day. Let's try to meet up!
Our entire group is getting ready for the Dow Jones webinar on Information Overload.
Power has been fully restored to Fisher ES. Thanks for your patience, everyone.
Fedder has a strong 1 handed backhand an has touch around the net! C'mon, get you stuff in order
Was there anything good tonight on #SNL ?
we're always ready to party!!!!!
Just read ur talking pts. from Toronto Pride.Really enjoyed wut u said, esp. # 7 under history.Such a great pt.!Paz y amor!
Are you at Opium?
Thanks so much, John! Hope to see you at RISE! :)
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT@
wae? you dont know who's my husband?
uberific! Super friendly! Thanks again! Great meeting you and talk with y'all soon
MT : News orgs should break news on Twitter first, then redirect readers to their site for the full story, says
Thank you for your prayers. People are praying all over the country and we are so thankful.
haha! I usually don't mind patchouli, it is just overwhelming in such a small coffee shop ;)
Best Fish Tacos in Ensenada = best shrimp tacos in Los Angeles. Love!
#BlackParentsQuotes boy I'm will knock the black off yo azz if you lie to me again...
Make sure you say , but what freaked him out
Learn from your Mistakes: When all else fails Start Over!
Hoping On this Netflix though ...
yes hoping for Silverdocs, LAFF, or TriBeCa. Those all take place May-June. Fingers crossed!
marshmallow makin'!
Listening to music helps boost your immune system
nice :D
Don't forget about Ohio U!! RT : Congrat to Cincinnati, Ohio State and Xavier for a great NCAA tournament run.
Have a great #FF Friday everyone in the #studyabroad and #travel Twitterverse!
I had a dream that I was drowning in orange soda. Turned out it was just a Fanta sea.
Congratulations Kobe Bryant on becoming the #NBA Playoffs all time leader in assists among alleged rapists.
Everyone here can be sure of one thing
what ever randy. ugh youre so right
haha he must know something...
Happy to have gained a few new temporary coworkers at #BIChallenge today 2 weeks to help the !
A girl scout badge! RT : Just successfully applied liquid eyeliner in a NYC taxicab. There should be some sort of medal for this
I hope win so can give them a beating they will never forget.
Congrats to the lady Cavs!gonna beat Dixon tomorrow baby!!!
Yeah your right, it would be better if you got drunk and made her carry you...Because Drunk Tracey = everything's better
Going to the Farmhouse!
You might wanna get those people out of that tree.
I'm at Piv's up here in Baltimore County watching the O's implode...keep those #Yanks updates coming
Tan: Now showing revolutionary Mao Posters from 1960s redone Shepard Fairey style in current Netizen remark with Coca-Cola
man there's nowhere like Jamaica to me bro
dude yes! When??
Just wrote a sonnet. Forgot how absolutely hard it is to write and maintain structure.
You and my father can go to Gettysburg together. Make sure you get the audio tour.
Does home court really truly make a difference?? I mean I don't think it matters
another "must" in Madison for sure. I know Culver's has caught on, but I'm with you, nothing better than Michael's!
Buttercup needs her beauty sleep.
No, not TVI, and not the CD's tardiness. Just not the best scheduling format.
someday, I'll be older and wiser yeah Someday, I'll be somebody's provider
Has everyone seen the pictures of at the WHC Dinner? WOW!! Such a fabulous dress.
V Club is filling up fast! Sasha Colette is signing her new record at the door! C'mon down.
Get your workout in today, even if it means doing it while watching football in front of the tv!!
Finished 18 and DON'T feel like I'm dying. Score sucked but who cares?! Was nice to get outside.
lol u and my wife would be good friends ..lol
Life is beautiful.
Happy 2011! Ruffian Swap will be back in full swing this year with our first Northshore swap on National Swap Day, Jan 22!
Well Damn not the whole playoffs smh.. fuck it we still ridin
my little Ben-Ben eats and eats and eats.... :0
Males tend to act like they don't care but deep down maybe they do. But us females tend to show our feelings from exploding out in tears.
It's k! How'd you sleep
thanks for the link!
Happy {early} Anniversary! Thanks for everything :)
That's like Eddie Murphy tweeting about being pregnant. *shrugs* Whatever...;)
Lol I think I like being at school better than I like being at home
personal experience: prell works WONDERS when you need to strip clearance-item hair dye from your roots...!
Going to see the midnight premere of Cars 2 :)
Not Me! mentioned missteps by John. I was just curious what he thought where the issues.
2 days left for the Polaroids by H. Joe Waldrum exhibit @ the museum. A different take on NM iconic scenes. Come see it before it's gone!
Are you managing to get some work done in the afterglow of Springsteen? Was it a fast or slow version of Thunder Road?
2 my fam Thanks for ur donation #SEIPDX u guys r awesome!
bruh u a hater watch us still git the ring
After days in the 50s, Denver is supposed to get hit by six-to-twelve inches of snow tomorrow. And here I thought Texas weather was freaky!
they talk mad loud and so weird
Catch Steve tonite or tmrw at Funny Stop in Cuyahoga Falls. 2 shows both nites 8 or 1030. www.funnystop.com for directions of location
hi-YAH! I am a productivity ninja.
When you can't run away, jog.
I can't believe you are suggesting some JC Chasez lol
I cannot stand to play games with my brother. He's so obnoxious.
I love good morning texts. They make my day<3
It's proving hard to remain pissed off today. Maybe it has to do with that bright thing in the sky.
is on fire right now with his illumination of the association of music in the consumer industry.
negative on the pants :( they were not quality. they were ... rough? strange
Where did all of my hoodies go shit
Which is why I never write them! #dontwanttoloseyourfriendship LoL
Counterclaims - a great litigation strategy - a mediator's nightmare!
He's here!
follow us
If you want to get ahead you need to plan ahead. Start preparing for 2011. Set a goal to be ready before Christmas so you can relax. Smile.
i have many friends that dance there and idk her teacher
Shoutout to He's kind of new..
Tank of gas to get to Boston=$60 Taking to dinner=$75 Drinkin at Tuna =4 bucks Spending the weekend with =priceless
About 9 months, give or take, But we'll take kudos where we can get 'em. Thanks!
I don't know how to do everything. I'm usually good at faking my way through most things. Apparently nervousness has taken over. Crash.
And another season of football comes to a close. Can't wait for next year!
Will have to disagree with you. Am familiar and cannot think of one where Pirates came out on top
Little old lady came up to me in JoAnns and started asking where something was. She thought I worked there. Why? Bc I'm youngish?
Google Art Project participants: What sort of preliminary stats/metrics are you seeing with your collection objects?
Thanks for the RT!
You cant change everything in one night, but one night can change everything.
RT New Sam's Club leader named - Soror Rosalind G. Brewer promoted to president and CEO of Sam’s Club. Represent AKA well!
Talked to 100s of 2nd Amendment supporters this weekend at ColoSpgs Gun Show. Phenomenal interest and displays of citizenship.
Thanks Mark!
Saturday I'm taking my son to see Avengers then I am headed to Redmond to try my hand at homebrewing with
you know they are
RT Meeting at STT legislation building this Wed 10AM regarding electricity costs.
My mom said I should hang out with more people like !
last dc*b concert ever...
I run slow when little kids are chasing me so they think they're fast.(':
Thank you for tweeting about this! We are excited for the progam
If you care about someone so much then why would you cheat on them?? #RealTalk gotta treat your girl with respect.
RT : If I started off a broke country nigga.... What I got to lose?
You'll figure it out. Like you said, you have plenty of time...
Yes, Olympic addicts unite! That's what the Olympics is all about, right?
I was taught the Devil made dinosaurs.
The Third Street Saints will continue to grow since I've collected 10 homies throughout Steelport.
"My mother used to say that having small children was like having a permanently drunk house guest."
Know why Amazon Prime has so many customers? Because shopping in a store is nearly as aggravating as driving.
I guess I'm Lindsay Lohan today.
REAL FRIENDS. Or listen to Cute Is What We Aim For's album the same old blood rush with a new touch. :)
will probably end up as a sng unless there is some promotions or satellites into it
The university archivists saves my yearbook students from certain doom!
2 years ago today, at 4:53pm, a magnitude-7.0 earthquake struck #Haiti and caused suffering beyond measure. Take a moment to remember.
MOST DRAFT BEER PROBLEMS ARE THE RESULT OF WARM BEER. PERFECT TEMPERATURE = PERFECT BEER!
Thanks for listing me, Alex :)
great meeting you too man! Thanks to you and for my workout break amaretto brownie
The vow is soo sad and romantic...new fav movie
Why oh why. Does anyone have any idea? I deleted and recreated the page. Same thing.
have you tried reaching out to for support? They can prob help you resolve your installation issue.
gettin off here peace out girl scout
playing mi guitar
Create Your Own Online Clothing Boutique, Earn 10% of Sales
exciting & good luck ^.^
Agreed...say hello to my old college classmate for me.
Starting some research on a new shirt design. Hint....it involves a large blue box.
Another year, another achievement! Thank you current and past clients! Selected as a 2012 MKE 5-Star Real Estate Agent!
The refs just called Pacers on another foul. Will be added to beginning of game 2.
#America: The Land of the Fatties and the Home of the Bigots.
RT : Be something new, something bold, something different and something glorious. {Great way to start the week!}
I hate when people are rude...one should always be polite.
I found the cure to growing older, and you're the only place that feels like home.
Oh hey..you smell delicious...
Franchise #Tax Board Friday is traditional slow news day. We have 2 news releases ready for next week. How's that for whetting your whistle?
Got #Records for sale? We buy rare #vinyl #records, LPs, autographs & memorabilia. e-mail or call +44 (0)1474 816043
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
Y'all going?
Peter Bol: Time needs to be treated as an attribute of space; geospatial data sources need to be pressured
Is it easy to use with wordpress installations, for code newbs?
No, though we're a membership-based organizations that has dues.these all go toward events, tho
oh lord--we're gonna get into depositions debating the meaning of the term 'like' sometime soon arent we?
if that is the case I hope they have feminine hands. Man hands for a girlfriend would be scary.
#Tomorrow - Come dance all night to sounds by DJ Frisko Eddy & all your favorite Latin DJs from the bay area! Doors at 9pm.
We placed 20th in a field of approx. 45 boats. More importantly, we collectively raised $10,000 for the cause: supporting cancer patients.
It all boils down to access.
how do you like the series so far?
My first day on #IamGabriel was hot but incredible. Why are we shooting in North Texas in the second hottest summer on record... again?
Damn im not the only one who had a bad day today, my bro just hit me saying he got stuck at his job..
Seaweed salad, you're my best friend.
Milwaukee Rugby Football Club fundraiser at the Dubliner tonight. 2nd & National. Food, drinks, raffle, might even pack a scrum down.
To Jason Segel "Should you be out doing blow and getting into fights?" -Jon Stewart
no but this time I'm sick of them
Yeah buddy!
:-) Hey Margo! Thx so much for the shout out last FF! :)
Finally got paid I need some shade and a vacay!!
In case she knows something, we're retweeting this > I got a sick obsession I'm seein' it in my dreams. Hint:
718 articles skimmed for relevancy. I only emailed 127 to myself for potential use. I fear for my bibliography. #yaygradschool *headdesk*
#DNation #Milwaukee will be at the Wisconsin Athletic Club from 4:30-7:30 Wed Jan. 11th. Stop by and hear about the AWESOME stuff going on!
Remember. Lucid dreaming anyone can do it just training your mind to realize that you are dreaming and not wake up
Do some reps for me! I'm still working on my early morning fitness motivation.
Oh man. I have #PutItDown on repeat right now. You're going to break my iPod. Lol.
he follows alot of people randomly. & I was talking to someone w/ him tagged & he followed them.
I really want cold stone. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
spelled backwards sounds alot like EVOL. I must have had it backwards when I said I'll never leave you.
I dunno I'll have to check! <U+263A><U+2665>
Ready for the Lake show!!
you look cute :-)
Off work ! FINALLY ! !
I know why he flexin G his girl keep on textin me.
Got a spare sleeping bag? #Donate it! [at Red & Black or Laughing Horse] #clothingdrive #donation #pdx #opdx #occupypdx”
#milwaukee We are building our decking display by the millwork counter! Come check it out and see whats new!!!
Love to hear that! Thanks for sharing the feedback.
anyone watch the Bachelorette last night?
ahaha geno "...you're wearing bright green pants he's gonna see you?"
Happy Valentine's Day! I wore purple and orange and black because Halloween is better.
Good showing for the first round of Madison's Hardest Trivia at It's on again next week for some serious knowledge droppery.
And if the health care reform act is repealed then I run the risk of not being covered if I do get cancer. Man
Too many of these kids are thanking their agents...
Why do people say "personal gain" like it's a bad thing?
Making something really serious with and
Just missed Kevin Spacey at the eye doctor!
I know it's late news..but Edwards indicted? Crazy how the power you think you have can affect those that love you and are loyal to you!
Begin to wonder if laviolette's message is starting to go muted in locker room. 4 yrs with the team and no progress.
took my boy to watch a few races at Gulfstream today. Love watching the horses.
Girll where are you moving?!
Good! When You Do Let Me Know. & Why This Thirsty Dude NOT Giving Up.. -__- lmao
Four Peaks is LIVE! www.fourpeaks.org.
yup, there was an officer there throughout. He said he wanted to make sure no threats were made.
i'm hungry but too lazy to get up lol
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun
Goya products has an incredible ginger beer.
Being the 3rd wheel sucks espivally when im covering for her this is supposed to be besties night not go to the movies nd forget bout ur
woohoo, that is awesome! i've tried going raw before, didn't last too long lol. are you vegan or veg, bychance?
Hey world. Happy Monday!
Love meeting clients! Even on a Sat.
I love Ted!!
NAW IT A SPORT BAR & GRILL PLUS THE GAME GON BE ON 18 YEARS HAVE SCHOOL 2MORROW
Snow showers switching to a snow/rain mix as they move out of Central Ohio. Temperatures will warm up for the rest of the week!
A good point/perspective. RT : Something to consider: With e-books, there are no returns. This is not a bad thing for publishers.
We nominate for a Shorty Award in #law because we believe in paying it forward... and backward. :) Vote for us in #charity!
She said she faithful my ass! Haha
thats so sad, i was prepared to lose ringer, but just assumed our gig was a go because it was packaged
thanks enjoy your week
really liking Chris young's new song
Got A Condo Round My Neck Girl I'm Cashing Out !
sounds good! Let me call real quick.
My first grilling turkey chops. We'll see... Wish me <U+E110>!
I had to click the name. I thought it was Pablo's alter ego. Haha. Hi Megan! :)
would have been better if they would have thrown down.
I'm sorry, but Lance Berkman is on 'roids. Look at that bloated face.
Happy to be in Baltimore!
Agreed. Well-versed. RT : Judge seems media friendly. #TrayvonMartin”
The new photo blog is great! Nice work, Calvert Street!
Congrats on the 2012 Best of the Web Award!
Server is having issues - hosting company is working on it! Sorry!
TY MT : It's a Cannon - we got at CostCo! Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a camera #latetweetback #sorry :)
You must be if that was all you have to say after all this silence!
GOOD LUCK!! we love you! :)
Its funny how the Iphone just got the Copy and Paste function, BB already had it 1st and we have camcorders standard 2 haha
13% of online adults use Twitter, and half of Twitter users access the service "on the go" via mobile phone.
Tweet us your favorite frozen treat to win a pair of tickets to see at tomorrow night!
Diplo on BBC Radio 1xtra + studying for my final.
Pop Quiz: What is the center of the backbone called?
Guy in Michigan found a 12,000 yr old mastodon (wooly mammoth) in his yard. Sold it for $600k. I need a shovel right now.
You are a collection of wisdom.
He better watch or he might become Handi"capped"!
i do not know what your referencing Yanar..Please advie
Im serious ,
Happy mothers day to my mom, grandma and all my moms friends
Dumbest suggestion I heard to criticism that conf. is too academic: write a paper on it.
Yoshis good tonight, Brazilian jazz
BTW happy customers are worth $$ a lot more.
you at that place man lol
Thank you Jess, glad you like them!
The stories I'm hearing about elections all over the country today taking away everyone's rights is scaring me...
damn Hughes again! #whendoesthehurtingstop?
I ain't even study for my math final at all & its tmrw
whats your youtube ? I got music too
Thanks man! Looking forward for it. ;)
Our Ward 8 town hall meeting is tonight from 7 to 9 at Matthews Memorial Baptist Church at 2616 MLK Jr Ave, SE.
Take a deep breath and you'll rock it out on your first day!
If your gonna hate on my bbyz ion my face I am going to take out my nerf gun and shoot u in the face!! Cuz this is what an #iconiac does!
you guys excited for prom?! #ohwait only one of you is going
Me too!!! Thanks have an awesome day!
You too, have a great new year!
hate how people can be so immature and stupid
Phil Emery new Bears GM.
my girlfriend is your sister ;) and she loves you too :)
The #DTSBCO 20th anniversary performances at #GWU last night were magical.
... Fuck themselves, you dont just steal a song like that, of course everyone is gonna hate you now because that is such an asshole thing...
i pretended that if i tweeted about it it would matter. but of course it doesn't.
I know Thibs has designs of finishing the game with Taj, but if he doesnt bring him in, the game may be out of reach. Team needs a spark
Seriously, buddy. Way too much cologne.
Five more days with my babys </3
About to take the for 2nd time. Excited!
Yo ! How you living?
and all that frizzy hair!
ooh that's a good one.
"O it's a hollow feeling , when it comes down to dealing friends "
Opening Day 2011!
which HD kind of nput are you using?
Thanks for the RTs and
My buddy is my real inspiration with these films.
Loving this crew!!
' put some on risers and slap some wheels on it, pretty sweet idea
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 79
Too drunk to puke yet still the dd
Message me first , im on my phone (:
For sure. I just creeped your blog for a good 15 min earlier. Great job - I love all the posts and all the nail polish!
Academy Award Best Picture winner, THE ARTIST, will be re-released Friday, May 11 in theaters! Take your mom for Mother’s Day!
In the car. wiLl you be my valentine??? :) <3
We are so excited with the overwhelming number of #DCartists that entered to showcase their work at our Art show at the May 20 festival.
No offense taken. I've managed to mess up names a fair few times on Twitter... :)
Some people and some things dont get a reply
So often we forget to thank God for the little things like vision, a healthy body, and breath!
we gonna see u on stage here in Boston sometime soon?
yes, we miss her every day! It's still hard not having her around. :(
I know but that's just the way things are
We all have that friend who nevr has a clue what is going on
Outstanding dinner in SF at La Ciccia. Off beaten path but worth the trip. Excellent rustic Sardinian menu, world-class Italian #wine list
I have always wanted to go to #SXSW as well!
Hey #12ntc: I want to talk to someone about petitions and tumblr. Not together, ha. Just have questions. Who wants to chat???
Correction, we got it at 6:06p
cuz your in the geed capital of Texas
So ready for tonight only if would take me <3
Congrats to and for getting pulled in for the 100 back and 200 Im!
Come see me compete for on Saturday & on Sunday!
I guess I'll hang out with you
Precisely why I refuse to buy more from them. Have been disappointed on multiple occasions for same thing!
Hahaha get out of our city New York!
sounds bout right for a guy that lists mcdonalds,taco bell, and wendys as the grocery stores he shops at
#FedEx guy brought the #iPad3 this morning... happy dance! Said his truck was loaded with 'em.
Anyone else get excited when the new NPPES #NPI downloadable file is released? #aco #healthcare #medicare Downloading now...
happy birthday! I have to say you have dedication for walking around all day with a poster of attached to you.
sure :) glad it is helpful. It is a great panel.
How Difficult will it be for the NY Giants to "Repeat" as Super Bowl Champions next Season in your opinion?
really? Was relevant? Client?
I think I have to be trans-gender, trans-sexuality and trans-pet to negotiate this one!
Not feeling great today but go Lakers
Way to jinx it
Alan Carr Chatty Man, Y U NO COME ON IN AMERICA
I'm fine thanks :)
Tonight 6-8pm ill be on tune in!!!
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked (Wednesday) will go on as scheduled. Parking on main campus, no shuttles.
Day 2 only! Today was fun, I liked it. It's hard to do after a day at work but hopefully I can keep it up.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy next to me. -Woody Allen
My message is simple: take control of your life.
Glad that the new men of the House of C.S. Lewis are here and looking forward to the Great Race!
I'm pretty much jealous.
What's with you people I'm a dude with lots of sisters and woman look at the pics before u respond dudes are so dumb girls guys are soo dumb
uncomfortable moment on stage just now
Thanks! RT As somebody who's still in the "aspiring writer" camp, just want to say your "Haterade" article blew me away! Top notch!
is soo tired, but my back is freaking killing me luks like very little sleep 2nite :(
Did you know mozzarella used to be considered an artisan cheese?
We could have used that Miller scoop shot
If you are from NYC, we are going to have a show for you soon. And it is the most important show TROS will ever play. You must be there!!
Think you guys rawk! Please tell me the names of those Austin places I should hit up.
fun day in the sun with my girls!!! #loveyou <3
On MTV TR3S Great Memories!
good morning
good luck!
A year ago, I'd have relished putting kids to bed and settling in for late-night #twins game. This year, Z.
"The Grinch who did this" Well Done Kelly!
The Metrowest Colonials would like to wish you a safe and happy New Year.
Does Roger Goodell wake up every morning and go, "how can I screw up the NFL more"? Rule changes on kickoffs are a joke. I'm going UFL
has not only booked me on a flight that doesn't exist, they will now not give me a refund for this non-existent flight.
met two at Carnitas earlier. I heard it was good, but hate liver.
just got to the town hall. You here?
Thanks little sister!!!!!!
7am work for the second time this week
oh girl they give way better support, and comfort! i know where your coming from lol
Some people bullshit so much they begin to believe there own bullshit!
"Shaking his fist in Smitty's direction, he bends over the letter to figure out it's secret meaning."- IN THE ZONE
/ Thanks for your patience with our beta site, Alberto. System maintenance work is done and new cards are live.
twitter on my phone was busted and I JUST saw that glandsbrg reference from last week
Google, here I come. Thanks, mate.
Thanks for sending some of your stickers along with those labels!
Hey thanks for the AT&T #Hackathon RSVP! Welcome & let us know of any Q's :)
SO glad won Best Ink, he was the best from the very start!
Still working on OWL-Yet Arrive - WebOfData-1202.0984v1
Join us as Dr. Dianne Pinderhughes discusses Being President, Barack Hussein Obama, tomorrow at 10AM in the JSU Student Center!
i know that some people dont say this but im ready skool LOL but really
Is a 51 yarder that much out of the question?
Michael Jackson is 2TONE's biggest inspiration. RIP. KING OF POP
Great OUAT episode!! Girls is also pretty awesome.
Boozer's bum ass needs to go up strong, instead of looking for the damn fade away when he's that close to the basket.
Super tired, I have really bad blisters :/
hey, as long as they are trying...just find a good spot in the room for you :-)
Sorry Steeler Nation, our D is too old, it's too late in the season, I see our team golfing in the next few weeks. At least Ben & Heath.....
One of the many heroes of #WWII RT Remembering SF2c Lawrence R. LeBlanc, KIT on this day in 1945. RIP brother.
I miss watching our boyz on ABDC so much... ):
Hey all follow :)
haha! Yeah and what?
GO #USA!!! #WorldCup ...let's go yanks , make it happen
awesome! tell them to tweet at us to tell us you made them buy it :)
It's for sure not JDon manning his tweets...ill go through a different channel. Take care.
That was a waste of time. Had 2 promo girls,both looked like shit.All they wanted to do was drink. Taking 1 home. Maybe a 6.
These Angel’s who carry me
#TastyJuice: Drink it then convert it to pee.
Education for the mind, exercise for the body, religion for the spirit
Charmed, I'm sure.
niggas starin just as much as women do
The spirit is willing... but the mind is weak... and lacking in Monster energy....
Soon im going. Too Mexico this week well im leaving. Today ;)
If a nuclear bomb blew up Austin right now, then [YOUR SXSW QUIP HERE]
Q from the audience: "Are we creating monsters? Do customers expect special treatment when they check-in, interact with the brand?"
Try my best to be a good man
let's go. I want to finally experience
I think this may be a good example of gov trying to reach too far and creating unintended issues?
I ain't even tryna find out who he datin
Cody can u follow me?
yes sir!
Props to Mike Babcock for waiting 82 games to put your two best players together on the same line.
At work listening to native American elevator music
LIVE TIKI CARVING TONIGHT - Billy The Crud will be carving inside Frankie's from 8-midnight, then raffling off the finished masterpieces
Looking to #propose? Use today's deal from Precision Jewelers in for $1900 off select rings! Wow!
Girl and the Goat tonight. With the girl. I'm pumped!
#Huskies Coach Romar: "More dissappointed than surprised"
hello :) how's your day going?
Where in the hell did you find a basement in Texas?
I was so happy that I got to shoot with you at the Andaz. I can't wait to see the shot!
Ok maybe it's me but why are these girls going to school with book bags and purses?
Oh that's cool Internet, cut out. I'm going to bed.
If Monday had a face, i'd punch it.
I need my mom to pick up my 1D tickets ASAP. June 9th,So Excited!
Tomorrows monday...fuck.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, the game is over (DGpy5-pp)
thx for super May #fun in Chicago + best Detroit #no taco bell either-not real food! hope soon
see you tonight??
so damn happy that that show is back. smart humor wins.
Listening to Kentucky fans talk basketball in the stands takes me back to 4th grade recess
JENN FROM NEW YORK <3 LOVE U
A beautiiful day in san diego! Gotta go work on the new office and close the pay period strong!
idea for Erin for Saturday - if she doesn't want to check out the Concourse C art while waiting for me, she can catch the Red
It take more muscles to frown that it does to #smile! Save yourself the energy :)
ok and thx
It's cool seeing how the show has grown.
This is prison
Coming to holiday nights at the winery tnight? Super Q BBQ truck is in the house! M
so sad there goes hollywood for ya, all that money,time, and everything else wasted:(.
plugged the #MontclairFilmFestival on his show. Insanely excited to have a major film festival in my home town.
PARTY BUS JUST CAME AVAILABLE FOR TONIGHT! GET YOUR FRIENDS TOGETHER AND ALL CHIP IN ON THIS PARTY BUS BEING OFFERED AT 50% OFF! 447-2446
lol! I'm not sure we're every *truly* prepared for any of the things that motherhood throws at us.
Please enlighten me as to when they called a private citizen a slut and a prostitute. Schultz apologized/suspended
So... that means East Coast... PA... Pittsburgh or Philly?
well, first tweet me when ever deefizzy has his next live show.
uhm, is it the next weekend yet?
Oh, so they have. It was decent for doing POI editing.
I loves me some Michael Bay explosions in 3D, and great casting!
The Gayl Jones novel? Or that more recent one stealing the title? RT : #Bookettes really didn't like "The Healing"
Oh really? We'd love to test that theory!
#nowplaying Love On the Rocks,
thanks! Our next issue will be on music and American history.
Why why why! :( now I know why people drop out of college.
TWEETING FROM GYM #LIKEABOSS!! **nOt.OvEr.YoU<33**
R U about to do a video on YouTube
I blame him for leaving him in as long as he did. Maybe he was trying to send a message to dd? No clue, gotta hit though
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL Draft Report Card: Grading Every Draft Pick
Just saw the Chris Campoli injury... no one was even around you dude.
stop in the name of love before you break up and come crying to me about your problems and i have to help you!
Who's going to be launch party on May 23rd at 7pm? will be there!
Disturbed....but intrigued all at once....
It's Thursday & you know what that means! ALL NIGH HAPPY HOUR! Plus Karaoke in Bellevue! The weekend is almost here!
#FF right back at ya! Enjoy the weekend. :)
Since it is Follow Friday, please follow me....now.
Still debating trying to swing it but don't think I'll make it this time around. You?
Missed u more:) mwua <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
coo..what city are u in?
Bielema give Abby a scholarship quick....
the same thing they all get from the cover ups they have done in the past
You make valid points. I am a Christian on the left but I do sometimes have to block conservatives who stalk me & call me names
My Mother's Day flowers were a no-show. Touché Universe, TOUCHE.
We use fruit in our bread!
There's nothing that I can't try
hahahahahahaha (: sounds like fun to me ! Be careful though don't wanna burn a house down haha xD
LETS TREND MERRY CHRISTMAS KIDRAUHL! :D <333 TWEET IT TO ME AND I'LL RT.
watch ya need?
I need to stay awake, more coffee pls
Shout out too the asshole!!!
too humid, damn.
Not yet. 2 drills in 3 weeks. One of these evenings we will, for sure!
Thanks for the #FF! Cheers to the weekend!
Cicero~ To be content with what one has is the greatest and truest of riches.
The Jewish Journal begins coverage on what Susan Freudenheim coins a "Touchingly Sensitve 'Extreme Makeover'" at Beit T'Shuvah....
Current Status: Searching my tweets for a band name.
Text from my mom, "why don't you show your half mexican side?" me, "What does that even mean!?" How do I show that???
ALL flights booked for GMT. LV-Denver-Scottsdale. Good looking out
They keep saying the right person will come along, I think mine got hit by a truck.
the stanley cup finals are 4 series of up to 7 games: 4 wins by one team ends the series. it takes 6 wins to take the stanley cup
book your Comic Con rooms now!!!! Cheap rate, great views of the Harbor and awesome Fish Tacos across the street fresh that day!
Mel Gibson....IS A JOKE
Aww thanks for the pic! RT you're such a cutie patootie!
Make the most of rebates and coupons.
Mike Daniels: "More eyes on data" than ever before, so his group focuses on data stewardship.
Your earned it! Congrats. RT : WE DID IT!!! We reached our goal with our 131st backer!
Band of Heathens at The Other Side, Blackalicious at Cervantes. I don't think I could work at a cooler venue
why do you have the florist for your picture?
Yeah I recently fell in love with Neil Gaiman so I'm looking forward to reading it. And DUH I will totally be there!
. is babbling about proposed KY budget. Not sure I trust lifetime politician to solve problems that he's helped create
holy shit you're ugly!!!
omg i love yo gotti he da best rapper him n gucci i love det real nigga get money music
he's retired now haha so I don't think it was tho
Charlize Theron uploaded Charlize Practices Her Oscar Acceptance Speech
Aha!! A new idea for working w/ at-risk youth: student-led parent/teacher conf! EdLab workshops are great for new ideas.
I'm deleting my Yelp, or rarely using it. Unless there is an application that combines the two. Do you know of one?
hopefully that set is not permanent. Now that the opening series is long gone, that set should be too.
Gaslamp Killer- We make it good >>>
Co-author is swamped wearing her editing/publishing hat and is just glad is on it!
thanks for the shout out, keep up the good green work.
Okay awesome!! Good luck!!
Oh that's cute? You guys have a song? Yeah I remember when that was our song too!
Ultimately, it's thin as far as social media stuff, but able to help you recognize people who can help you grow your series
Sunnyside is a place of ruin, ruled by an evil bear that smells of strawberries
security:where u going kid ? me:*chewing gum* walks out
Grrr instagram keeps telling me my pics are to small
Does it count as color-blocking if I'm wearing a red dress with tangerine nails? ;)
you owe me a signature sir.
And when they do, they're cheapo crap caps. Do yourself a favor and order something truly wearable from
& i dont want nobody to fw me either .
Maybe it's because I'm not from Wisco, but I don't get the appeal of the fish fry. Don't like it in Lent or any other time.
remember that time I got defriended?
Now I know what you were tweeting about. GO BUNNIES !!!
been messing around with the Enigma Preview layout in Rainmeter this morning. Pretty neat stuff.
The tweet is a horcrux (jk Dumbledore, mosey on) (jk, Death, it is a horcrux back off)
Hello everyone! Thanks for following... hope you enjoy my tweets! =)
#Now is the time for transportation experts to come together to play their roles as we shape
this is me: "Don't open that closet!"
interview on goes off without a hitch, despite occupy wall street protesters chanting just outside the door
Im woke now class over
#GhettoEasterBasketItems Pirated "Hop" Movie
RT : Thanks! :) #litchat many of us are learning!
super interesting huh. loved that too. (ego depletion as it's been about a week for my reply).
Seniors, how excited are you for tomorrow? You've earned it!
how are you bus buddy?
okay ha
I miss the old good shows on #teennick... :/
Our mobile iPhone apps philosophy is very simple: VincentIT produce stellar and innovative iPhone apps that are designed and developed to e…
Kids out of foster care, get Thanksgiving treat - WXIA-TV
Whether you're fortunate enough to b w/them or whether you're remembering them via photos, 2day (+ every day)....soak up the 1s that u love!
People talked about the political and cultural symbolism and metaphors of a man giving mouth to mouth to a sheep for an hour
My mom stay coming home ready to fight and of course she wakes me up to do so
Ok guise. Zerrie isnt real. Gosh sugarscape I love you but you're wrong ahaha.
Congratulations! RT Just got a phone call from VA Living Magazine - we were voted one of the best pet boutiques in Eastern VA
The big decision to be reached is about the filling
Under the weather :( ... Need some tender loving care.
I don't really care if you say Eminem sucks. Exist 50.000.000 people who thinks he's the BEST. So shut up and bite me ! ¬¬
it's called bonny doon nude beach
Okay I didn't get everyone, cause there is a bunch of people I want to meet. So...SORRY IF I MISSED YOU OKAY.
Lol remember when TEBOW burned the steelers??? And they think they'll beat us when we have manning?!
I had follow
Would love a UBD hangout
So here's to everything coming down to nothing, here's to silence that cuts me to the core.
Just because..let's thank #DrHubbard for the #HANSdevice!
T-slizzle out for the yr big blow for Baltimore.
follow back?:)
Loving syncing music to my #rdio mobile app, may never 'buy' music again.
just say my name! LOL RT : I've got one more announcement ... one more pair of
Welcome back - to Kansas City not Ludwig Field
Want to know the answer to life?
Great event and even better beer! Nice job guys
Work is turning out to be a buckets of fun today
thanks 4 following!!
(Vincent T. Lombardi) Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.
I'm beyond excited for Teen Wolf to start again.!
Thank you, thank you, thank you, for sending me home tonite with "Tupelo Honey."
millanton is a small town of around 5.000 people.
My favorite cereal is life...and I got it...and I lived...
I agree it could be potentially developed later if the demand exists
Silver Stars take 72-59 road win over Connecticut Sun.
"It smells like indians"
If we did all the things we were capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.— Thomas Edison
Seasons 52's Spring Menu starts one week from today on March 15!
I love loVE LOVE bein a aquarius! We rock! independent, intelligent, fashionable, intuitve!
What happened to Lindsay Lohan's face? #SNL west coast
All you have to do is click to learn how to make KILLER DEALS at BaltimoreREIA's Meal'N Deal Series- tiny.cc/meal-n-deal-series.
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 2
Of everything in the Munro Leaf papers, my favorite is "Ferdinand the Bull: Psychoanalytic Remarks about a Modern Totem Animal."
#CampCharlie has been evicted by the US #PoliceState we will return
Sick and tired of EVERYBODY. FUCKKKKKK YOU!!!
tits or gtfo
I'll never have enough time to implement all these new ideas.
New China for dinner! M.....
“: Yes, I know who killed me. Yes, I see the irony of the Head of Slytherin being killed by a snake.” so sick
I wrote some zombie stories, too. Those are free from my website.
I can never sleep in -___-
That reminds me, did Caleb ever get the little blue & white hat to you?
5 o'clock + Friday = The Perfect Combo
Don’t aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. – David Frost
wait wat. victoria or annie
I mean, that area's clearly crying out for a tattoo of Connecticut.
I'm happy I've got to see him all weekend
“: Jayhawks - "Blue" came on in this restaurant. Great song.” such an underrated album all the way around. Miss Williams Guitar!
hello :) how's it going
Thanks to everyone who came out last night, and thanks to the no-shows for the leaving us bonus bourbon.
congrats! If you ever need a designer for that, I'd love to work with you :)
Was just told, Im the ideal Bad Girl... Hm not sure what to think bout that
:: In weird lease-signing limbo. At least there's good food.
At the 2012 Global Ethics Summit & after listening to the panelists I am convinced #Crowe's approach to Ethics is spot on!
Everyone follow hes the realest!
Def on a plane to TX, man to my right has a cowboy hat in his hands... Man to my left has a Glenn Beck
I closee my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray <U+2665>
Thanks Carrie for all the great advice.
I may just have to do that......
Im chasing after you!!! Miss singing with the gang in Barbourville. #twitterless Blk Betty Mike B. n Chevy
Speak now
call me HOTDOG <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
A7: You are a blessing to ME and the world, I appreciate you walking with me in this experience called life!!
hey we are not stuck on 900 likes anymore:)
I also find it odd that libs say America isnt a Christian nation & that we arent based in Christianity as a nation. NT
Three &'d a half more hours doe :(
I really wish there was a Panda Express in downtown Pittsburgh. I never thought I'd miss it this much.
I'm addicted to watching cartoons
I hate people that cant handle their alcohol/ drink all the time. Booze is for celebrating, not for killing the pain of your existence.
Check out Mundo on 1st Friday! truck will be here passing out free swag!
I wish it was that easy of a fix. I'd be as good as new then.
Nomination are being taken for Subregion Representative.
I work for Dell(computers),can't seem to remember how to work mine this morning.Forgetting things like "turn monitor on."#notready4tuesday ?
Congratulations by the way! I personally wasn't knocking it!
With the licence plates, too ": Seriously, still way too many people's bios describing them as a "guru." Stop."
Gearing up for my #appr #nysut rubric calibration test from #nysed at
lmao! Now that's funny....
I dont know how to explain it but I swear every morning I wake up I am more #motivated than the last. Once my music comes out its goin down
Caley, party was amazing. Conley banquet in Irwin is an awesome place.
Robot Chicken or Aqua teen?
To ALL my 461 followers: It's been fun running this twitter :) I just want to let you all know: PLEASE FOLLOW My NEW twitter! ILY
Aye cuzzin knock it off yu got me jealous yu makin big moves..I Like it in yu mane let me kno if yu need me im around the corna
Happy to be home after great week in Boulder at #RSA11 - "Composing Multimodal Rhetorics" with
yes way. c:
RT Newt loved his marriage so much that he wanted to share it with another.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Money...Is Anywhere God Wanted You To Be."
trying to trust u.
I wish the people working on my neighbor's house weren't so damn LOUD this early in the morning ugh.
As a participant in WWII and the Apollo 11 space mission, we honor the preservation of the USS Hornet naval ship this Sat (2/13/10) @ 5:30pm
I don't like John McCain, but oh how I wish he won the election 3 years ago!
getting ready an hour early makes the morning less stress, also nice when you have a 7 minute drive to work.
Bout to hit the Gym! ... Home Gym that is and then ... NAP TIME :-)
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake ... Embrace the Pancakes. Improvement? Maybe.
The 2012 Silver Spoon Awards is only a little over a week away!! Tickets are going fast!! Don't forget to purchase your ticket!!
I hate the dentist. "you won't be able to eat for an hour after flouride"...........WTF?! this is going to be a problem.......
Met some celebritys today too :D what an awsome night! And still not sleepy!
#TheAwkwardMomentWhen you realize your fly has been down since you left for church.
~got my license, can't stop me!
Metallic mannequins came alive today
A conduit and a middleman are very different things.
I absolutely LOVE when it rains in LA. Weather kind of reminds everyone that life still applies. Beautiful, invigorating, vital.
yoo can you or please burn me a copy of taylor alderdice and bring it to school tomoro?????
ppl been saying they calld and my phone was going to voicemail imma call u tho so much to talk about
Thanks for the follow Peter!
Boy am I grumpy. And oddly, the Chargers have nothing to do with it! (Not that they're helping, thank you very little.)
Baby, engagement, baby, engagement. Facebook is a daily reminder of how old I'm getting.
Hanging with my bestfriend and baby tonight <3(:
It's a new day. Rise up and move forward into the victory God has prepared for you!!
Lmao i thought i had it bad #You got it bad (in my Usher Voice)
Amazing advancements to help stroke, brain-damage, and spinal cord injuries. One treatment here in San Diego. NBC San Diego News at 6 pm
Oh! I learned how to play leather jacket by Joyce manor on guitar yesterday!
so ive been pretty busy lately.. sont hate me but the fan video might have to wait a few weeks..
You're a freak looking at my twitter. Filthy lesbian :)
Yeah, pretty rough...
not before something happens to UNC...... You're thoughts on that situation?
#ICanHonestlySay I #NeverApologizeFor someone being wrong and I know for a fact that I am right!
cmon down and join me!!!
Rockin the best Music makes for having one. Peace out. Im sheddin some music, so i can have more of one. Xoxo
Off to Hamburg to play at Birdland Jazz Club with my group featuring the great Torsten goods on guitar, Phil Steen on bass and Peter...
All Your Songs Are The SHIT But Its Something About Copy Paste It Gottah Message To It iLove IT !
ohh that's cool! :)
Taco Bell or Subway?
have a great one
Woah. Just met Mayor Bloomberg.
before we opened Te, yes, we did hang out at Artiste a lot. Was a nice place! And … welcome!
I tell everyone I'm very happy because I'm in love :) :$ <U+2665>
No shock, but as the release said, he still will consider playing in 2013, of course until his new contract won't allow him too
pillow pet?
getting picked up at noon to go get my ID to go to elkins high school prom !!!
Weekend is here. Now back to Clone Wars season 3
So True RT : Writing helps put your feelings and thoughts into perspective.
When you know sour it allows you to appreciate the sweet<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
I cant tell..
Hiring the right staff is crucial to any new restaurant.
I'm very close to being done editing, just waiting on my illustrator basically!
and TWICE on Sundays.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
Stoked to see , , & on the GKIC stage this weekend! I'm pumped!
My wife tonight: "So Didot is a classification of type? Just like a Garamond?" Me: *swoon*
Need a solid read, anyone have suggestions?
It is amazing chaos! Volunteers buzzing all over. So much gets done. Do you wish for 2 mondays/week? I do.
RT : We is family bro! Love you guys! // Agree!
So glad it's Friday!
“: does anyone know where/how I can watch season 5 of Californication if I don't have Showtime?”<~~ Netflix or Hulu?
RT Next up: How to Design for Context in Mobile; Fjord presenting. Should be awesome.
Just burnt my finger.
i pick up a fresh bottle 2morrow Im drank out
Yeah I do love brunch! In theory I will be able to run 5K in two weeks.
What's goin down tonight Twitter?
I hope I anther with you , but I think I will be all over the place lol see you in the am !!!
Have a great holiday everyone!
Ok, thanks :D <33
Trent Reznor (and his other projects) have always done FLAC afaik. That's the first well known example I can think of.
How are you getting updates?
i just signed up for season tickets! can't wait to see the match!
Say something if your feeling the vibe<3
Can animals be twins??
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!44
IM GONNA SEE YOU SOON!!! NYC BABYY(:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hate getting a mention only to find it's spam about free iPads. Are these people, or bots?
lol yeah, Terry is local Texas player! :o And yeah, ggf....
Working #attackattack tonight
yeah one of the two let go. I was checking n my son she rides by my Bm house I get a pic MSG its my truck I go outside and ugh
There's not a lot of downside to being an actress but memorizing lines is less fun than getting into character....
Having breakfast at the Mirror Lake Inn, overlooking the lake and the mountains! Pretty good...
A strong woman is a woman who can smile this morning like she wasnt crying last night.
lol is he supposed to look like me or something?!
In the courtroom in Beverly hills court.
406 followers!! Thank u soo much guys!!!!!!!!
Politics is made up largely of irrelevancies.
thanks nice afternoon<U+2665>
Luxembourg was on House Hunters International! Must.Go.Back.
What are friends? Could somebody help me pull all the knifes out of my back and return them to the people who stabbed me in the back?
Lmao at the show wipe out.....
- what is your drawsomething screen name? Let's play! I'm melek13. I'm addicted already!
I love it when a client is absolutely thrilled with their new web site.
Eugh. Typo, typo, typos.
Finally decided to go Corp. liable (they don't reimburse personal plans). Saving myself $86 a month, and getting a 4S! AT&T 4 4sale...
omg I LOVED it!!!! So good!
simply grand music Memphis formerly sounds of memphis offers great soul music!!
I might smoke a black but i will never smoke a square and if u gettin fuckin money bitch put it in the air
Thanks! Interesting video...
Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. - Robert Half
gotta eat bro:-)
Taste your words before you spit them out.
hell yeah
If the grants include figuring the cost of publication for the faculty, then the Universities won't bear the burden alone goes another idea.
Gas prices going down from 3.77 to 3.85 as we refill the production vehicle. We are no longer overbudget.
That PD2 is my fav! Rise of the silver surfer went extra hard!!
Watching people jostle in the boarding line...I don't think they realize we're all getting on the same plane.
so thankful for my friends and above all jesus the christ..all y'all get to church tomorrow and especially sunday, the lord's day…
Can't wait to see you tomorrow for 's #FrozenYogurtFestival!
TY for the mention. Have a great day!
Bria needs to call.
One billion people use a Google product every day
Jamison says, RESEARCH, RESEARCH, RESEARCH.
DM me your Full Name and email. The tix will be emailed to you by 9pm tomorrow. You'll have to print them!
RT - #CBJ goalie Paul Dainton just Hail Mary'd to Boone Jenner. Unlike the Jacksonville Jaguars last year, he did not catch it.
Tonight! Our houseband performs their own headlining gig at $5 to check out #BroccoliSamurai and 2 other bands.
How was your hs reunion tonite?
He's eating what I grew up eating, yum!
Why did it take years for the public to hear abt Sandusky's alleged crimes? Guess it went thru the Vatican first?
can you follow me? You're the best!
somebody stole my phone , what else can go wrong /:
Dangerous drivers are disrupting lives in a quiet Milwaukee suburb. Now, Speedbusters is on the case. On Your Side, Tonight at 10, TMJ4
Everyone please take a second to #FOLLOW TMCRecords® CEO & President
#Iran is not our enemy. If we want an #enemy in #mideast it should be #SaudiArabia #Qatar & #Israel - but we (#US) call them #allies :(
•Marriage has no guarantees. If that’s what you’re looking for, go live with a car battery
the last word is my email pw, ha.
Songs for my #minimarathon playlist RT : American Music by Violent Femmes & Kanye's Workout Plan
right back at ya!!! Now go tweet about #vodka #pizza & #attorneys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Whose your pick for the NCAA title this year man? I'm thinking Kentucky!
How important is Social Media to your marketing? If you don't have an online presence do you realy exist? Like the bear in the woods?
Livin my new life in Houston
White Grape Juice.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I second this!!! Oh, and bacon wrapped hot dogs also please :)
haha it's alright, I'm glad I don't have to go to school for a while!
Thx for the shout! Excited to see you this month for Naked Third Thursday!
RT : lol prob just the silent type :) >>What would life be without Twitter bots?
We love rockin your day! :) RT listening to your band at work and its as if you're playing in my office. pretty awesome!
YUM! RT : came to town on Monday with some oven ready and French Dressing. I think that will be...
In honor of Independence Day, Mundo will be closed on Sunday, July 3 and Monday, July 4
Oh, lovely. Discover just as I'm heading to bed that the Newfie dog's done a deluxe deer poop wallow. Ugh. Thanks, Gracie Mae.
You’ve still got time to get down and enjoy the sunset while enjoying a fire.
Hey Jackie! Great hearing from you...hope all is well! I still haven't been up your way, but you never know ;)
Or alternatively, does TFA wound more than bandage the issue? Anyone have an article to support said wounding theory?
I want to know what happened with we are the in crowd.
Congratulations to on their grand opening today in the #DesignDistrict!
y r u being followed by a bisexual fashion designer????
Its STATISTICS not english comp... Stop assigning papers!
u just made me smile dylan :)
Shut up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
S/O to for putting it down on "Misconception" w/ easily on of my favorite trax on
My lovely wife drove to Dallas to pick me up and we spent the entire ride home reenacting the Robyn scene from last night's "Girls".
As my mom wld say, "she's not too bright" Seriously. RT Madonna-Cld she possibly be more affected or less gracious?
Great branding _ 1800yourbrand.com Running PPC or SEM campaigns using phone website promotes phone without getting charged for the clicks.
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30sasking for a ride to work!
I sang WWII songs for/with an audience that incl. a WWII Navy man if that counts. He wasn't at Pearl but he had some great stories.
On lockdown, i dont think i can stand being home this long....
prayers out to you and yours
Nobody says it but u always think twice b4 u follow some1 that's not decent looking
This bar downtown is so legit! Upright bass, and a SICK guitarist!
who is all playing there?
Need another vacation. A booze cruise Sounds good. A Damn good drunk time!!!
Discovered Civil War soldier I'm researching was brought up on charges for trying to sell bad bacon in 1864.
Our church playgroup is headed to on Thurs morning at 10:30am. Want to join???
: Great webinar yesterday!
your on business I hear
Report this problem at community.schoology.com - If it is a bug, then it will be put onto their radar.
As a former Tulane student,I can vouch for drinking intramurals we excelled at.They didn't give scholarships tho
will I be able to watch a replay of the whole game or am I out of luck?
#Actors - Avy Kaufman #casting "Scoutmasters" roles incl. STUART 88 Barely Alive, CATHOLIC SCHOOL PRIEST 60, NUN 40, more roles in the app!
Imagining how good it would feel if you were standing in front of those things that spin to make electrycity
"and across the street is the famous, delicious restaurant Chesapeake Factory!" unfortunately it's a Cheesecake Factory.
yeah I'm not trying to be a prof so not really any point
I need sleep
tweeting probably lol
"Casper" always makes me so sad :(
very good Ms. Gaynor
Oh you gotta man, well you need a richer one? Lmao
Judge yaself an situation before u judge tha next person
Hey man! Im from Dallas,follow me?
ha yeah what of it (:
seriously contemplating that
Please give an accurate account of the #rushlimbaugh scandal. Free speech is one thing. Promoting or downplaying hate is another.
When we find a guitarist, then we'll start scheduling again.
no way!! thats not fair!! the poor things just go to the garbage!!
love you sister!:)
Realized I've been coding for more than half my lifetime.
What keeps prepared foods looking and tasting fresh?
definitely was!! :)
First day of the real world. Let's do all the things!
Sing in my Ear again, imma hang up on you,
lol enjoy it! happy mondays are so rare :)
You must be looking/listening to them a lot=) The points plant seeds of logic and critical thinking. To some that isimportant.
yes, can you tell I'm in a twitter party? Pardonnez-moi. I'm giving a chance and they are not disappointing.
learn the facts before you start up fiction(untruths) about someone..or YOU MAY GET READ!
ATTENTION ALL DANCERS!!! - HERE'S THE ULTIMATE CAREER GUIDE FOR BOOKING JOBS!!!!! FOLLOW AND RETWEET
bummer! Coming to YN #DCDrinkUp at Rocket Bar on the 5th?
we don't know any details yet but that's where my mind's gone
I know a lion.
Super Congrats to our own for #winning yesterday's bartender battle at #HardRockABQ! Parq who??
Max (owner of The Max) from Saved By The Bell was on last night's #HIMYM, and Kubiak from Parker Lewis Can't Lose was on FYI.
might hit the Neon...but bout to get a bottle now
i'm liking lala.com as an interesting alternative to pandora...
I can't wait for may 16th .
destiny and vinny or nick(:
hey Sasha
MJ and the Charlotte Bobcats gave away food to the needy this week. Videos showed kids leaving with Oreos and Lemonade.
From Me With Love ....
#RIPMCA I first saw The Beastie Boys when they opened for Madonna in 1984. Everybody was pumped.
Lorain teen beaten by 10 males while riding bike
as a woman entrepreneur you all are my inspiration & idols #modelfamily in business
In a glass case of emotion. Baby bucket list via sad. J. Simpson bump watch via funny. Twitter has taught me to feel.
it sounds A LOT different. Not giving to much away but I want to drop it while I'm in Worcester so I can promote it there 2
likely more tests for insurance justification followed by surgery. Tech today was amazed I worked and was not on disability.
Pretty please with a cherry on top will you follow me! <U+2764>
#thoughtsduringschool how many more Dang minutes Left
“ “ If God is for me, I could care less if you are against me!””
The Cubs won? Guess I missed that amidst the misery that is this Hawks game.
Tami gets drunk and becomes a wildebeest. Got it.
I thought you forgot
Lol ya ! We have to go !
Nice! What a fantastic show.
road bike, just cleaned and lubed it yesterday.
I think he will :-) an oh that sucks the big one Im sry
going to bed in a few night everybody(:
I think I just saw a hooker get picked up....
I know it's early, but how are those gas prices?
I get so intimate with food
LOVE the new glasses!
my gurllll. How it do? We gonna be shopping for my mudder today. I will hit you up with my digits via Facebook . Holla at me
I had a lot of fun at train day here in #new York city # grand central terminal
how did the surprise go?! Did you get video?!
We are going to the afternoon sess and if we don't bike count us in to get to
I've had an amazing day & I'm feeling tired now. I choose to unplug and relax now. Aaaahhhh...
and I'll be too stubborn, therefore floating down the bar in a sea of 2 parts water/1 part liquor. And Katie will drive us home!
Love this from - "when life gives you lemons, make a kick ass martini with a twist!" That's the spirit! :)
: I want to become 's next Community Web Producer! Mention me in a Tweet to that I am "wired" to the community.
Bringing Columbus to Cleveland to see my first place !
#askvinny have you ever tasted Nutella Oatmeal? i have and its AMAZING!
Glad you had a fun (and somewhat informative) time! Good luck in London...
I feel like shit.
I'm seriously tired all the time
Thanks so much for following!!
Do you shop ? Share your picks for best wedding sellers!
My daughter walked past me watching C's and Sixers, "daddy, why is the game on mute?" I replied, "I'm making a few phone calls to friends."
“: "That means women should earn equal pay for equal work." #SOTU”
Thanks for everything!
I'm going to cover Forever by Chris Brown next. Can't wait to show you guys my acoustic twist on it!
I hate being bored :(
lol you say that that about everyones parents. Smh
of course, tea has many benefits and is even better when consumed with good company!
I wish I was there!;(
One direction storys on facebook
it isnt my fault that i tend to be sarcastic at times LOOL
Good news!!! Apparently, Michelle's surgery to have her "ghetto" underbite corrected has been successful!!! Way to go Dr. Chink!!!
in Lima....and what am I doing? surfing the internet. i can't let it go!
Our president doesn't care
everything is delish so far & my (normally picky) grandparents approve of everything. Service has also been nice and patient.
Tacos? It smells like tacos over here.
While in San Diego, my friend from ABQ made me green chile enchiladas, now I'm craving them again!
Sorry for the late reply. The chat went well! You would have enjoyed discussion on "is social media is a moral obligation?"
The bland roast beef that I made yesterday was a bit better today over egg noodles. Don't ask for the recipe.
Inception was actually the first Blu I bought :D OMG Batman 89 must only be played on VCR! The fuzziness just adds to the
They're giving them the worst calls, then saying the other team his class, then saying our behavior is embarrassing.
“: Come on Knicks!!! We need a NY team that actually wins”. What about your Jets? They have Tebow...
Wondering why it is that making handmade beautiful things is so slow that I'm only making about $10 an hour at the most?
Never Let Nobody Tell Yu What Yu Can't Be ; I Bet They Told Obama He Couldn't Be The President!
Hell, now I'm all pissed off ... gotta try and go to sleep now.
This is def the greatest font joke i've seen in awhile. RT : I have seen Republican America, and its type is Trajan
yes I do. My latest ep Saudade is up. Thanks for the interest!
222613 8 all of them. because they're all flawless. IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
Wow! Girl in a Coma in SF on May 1st. And, on the 13th... Calle13 oficial!!
ALMOST 800 FANS!
every body is saying that their idols make them stronger That's just fine but I think people who believes in me makes me stronger
Who walked to her kid's school today to pick him, walked home, and STILL did a mile on the treadmill tonight? That's right. THIS woman.
You've gotta be into firefighters..I don't have posters of firefighters in my bedroom but I'm sure I can get into it
well thanks because it is adorable(:
Sorry bro. I'm just passionate about him & the foundation he laid for us all.
hey, check us out :] We are pretty amazing and new to vegas
I hate mirrors.
Why would you care? They matter about.. this much.
You really need to stop wearing your "hipster glasses" because you dont look cute.
What I just did in da <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>'er would be considered illegal in many states!!
If you want to become a serious marketer, skills training is provided free of charge to enable you to earn serious rewards
stupid, not stoopid
Happy Thanksgiving!
just to give you a heads up on 8"x"12 prints of super moon, I just tweeted a deal.
whats needed is substance on the campaign trail!!!
At the Walk for Autism event in Pasadena,CA this morning! What a beautiful day for a beautiful cause! Come join me at the Rose Bowl!
hey I met your co-worker Jon today - he came by our dean's retirement party. Good guy, spoke highly of you
Desert Trails Parent Unions are pressing forward. They are not faltering under CTA's compton-like tactics
passing silhouettes of strange illuminated mannequins
I'm helping to train the new guy. Pretty much all I've told him so far is where the good places to eat are.
just saw a little old lady wearing a shirt that has" flirtologist" written across the chest in glitter
my nigga just doin him. We good just paper chasin. And u?
#haters goal is to Bring You Down. But if you want to succeed a goal in your life then then your job is to ignore em.
the copyright policy is an issue, but no one who writes about that is focusing on that. They are focusing on "girls use it."
lol yea i dnt think we'll be havin a manager for a long time unless we get big or enter abdc
…as long as your legs touch you are good to go. I'm not a big guy and I went from 500cc to 750cc and finally settled on 1100cc.
we produced the w+k founders day event today!
Oh please meet another Chicago lawyer who appreciates good literature, including poetry!
Don't forget to check out my dispatches from Friday's #wifilmfest slate. Includes interview with Tetris documentary director.
Chef Special - Grilled Swordfish with lobster & scallion whipped potatoes, topped with arugula & onion salad. Yes, please.
You have to! It's awesome to drive. Went to the Malibu Country Mart today- it is so tiny.
They're not pointing and laughing at you for taking nude pictures, they're pointing and laughing at your ugly ass outfit.
Had a lovely companion with me on the drive in this morning: BIG SPIDER right next to my head that I noticed as I drove on the interstate
*better man. He'll be a best man when he takes me to Vegas to see Love.
My dinner: Pizza (Ital.), Sushi (Jap.) & Zatec (Czech beer)... Gotta love Giant Eagle Market District :)
ymCMB. Christopher Maurice Brown.
Fresh cut grass & a cool breeze.
Signing locals kids generates more fan interest, its a win:win situation!
thanks! You too!
GRIND IS THA KEY!!!
#bieberonthevoice ah !!!!!! I Love you Justin !!! (:
Welcome to the Penn State family Bill O'Brien....We Are!
What is the new blog?
#FlavahNation All Day Everyday :) <U+E418><U+E328>
Tease with ur tongue + fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy she would start drippin.
Watch Scandal!
that one person who knew u better then everyone else and seems to be moved on now.
Most definitely! Do you work with Jim Hendler? I've talked with him a couple of times in the past.
Hello Rhonda and Thank you
Necklace project done. Now just few final touches. :)
i was responding to your judge judy comment, i thought that was a court show, not profiling lives of inmates?
HUGE congrats to my lovely friend Misty - she's going 2 be featured on 's Cupcake Wars this Sun.! Beer & cupcakes FTW!
for some reason I knew you were going to say that..drug yourself and go back to sleep!
who goes to sleep at 9 these days ?
You smile my face. :)
Actually, fuck that, that one painting was cool, too bad homeboy phoned it in on like 98 other pieces
I'm pretty much hooked on !
If lil twist was to cut that mohawk off I swear I wouldn't notice him
Oh ya, free of course. A gift from a labor tech geek, to labor tweet geeks
#KFC amazing 'can do' attitude at KFC Gaedendale, Al. Gen. Manager said:'what do you want? I will make it happen!' Great service!!
“ if your mama still fistfights with the neighbors”
I had a great day !
“: The dairy industry was so powerful in 19th century that it managed to make production of margarine a fed crime// still should be!
4th period senior exams are tomorrow.
Great quote from #WhiteSox Gordan Beckham "I've never turned a double play in my life that I've had my foot on the bag"
Hey Everyone! Check out my new video
Fellas let's do a lil more then just candy and flowers.
Shirt giveaway contest coming tonight. #IronCowboyIII PBR Bull riding in Arlington. Great night to be there live or watching on TV
I'm not ready for x-mas. This sucks
you as in DADDY SPIT, is sexy as f*** x)
Thank you very much for the RT!
Had so much fun last night, thanks , , and for always being ready for craziness!!
Laying in bed & Drizzy pop in my head Damnn man where is the made man been I Miss him :) hope he can come back to Jax FL again
over the poles... if you'll pardon the expression.
Drinks tonight like lazy to go only. Been drinking alot back home. Come here I'm so lazy to already
Brrr it's cold out again, warm up with a hot shower! Call us about our tankless water heater specials 919-325-0180
You need to bring your game to the brah! We need you over here in !You and all day!
And after all the nonsense the GOP put Paul supporters through during primaries & caucuses, if you think we'll support Mittens you're wrong
Working on a diet/fitness story. And I've crazy hungry all day. Hm.
Jeremy Lin's story is an example that many bench players are good, & that they just don't get a chance to play much or at all. Let them play
Are you here on some expedition, or a casual trip?
Ur thinking about her in the shower aren't u lmao
So excited that you are making your ebooks downloadable to Kindles, iPads, etc. Way to go!
Everything will be ok in the end, if it's not ok, it's not the end.
Insomnia sucks even worse when it gets under 3 hours before alarm goes off and you volunteer to take 20 extra min to drop off kid at sitters
I have more photos of him if you want...
You are valuable. Don't belittle His masterpiece. #truth #Psalm139:14
argh! You never notice me!:(<3
good luck with all your stuff too chyna doll! xoxo thanks for listening to my melt down today! i did email Helen. IT WAS ON!
Is this a Smokey Robinson hologram on DWTS?
Run, Dorothy, run!
another one reached out?
thanks! We'll be up in your area at the end of April with Vowel!
any games on Sunday that might interfer with mother's day brunch plans around 11am?
oh ok, I thought you were actually designing for the production company or you had before.
The expression, "There are no points for second place" is taking on a whole new meaning. Gotta hand it to Alabama D. Wow.
WANTED: someone to grocery shop for me. Can discuss pay. No joke. Please!
Marty in Bay City: We finally got into the town, but they're not letting most people in. Bayous have flooded most of the homes here.
We need to harness the power of automated DMs. I think they could light up a Dunkin' Donuts. Or a DD bathroom.
you looked very intellectual tonight with those glasses on :) #digginthelook #swag Follow me??
Whenever someone tries to talk to me about cars or guns I respond by saying, "No, you're gay!"
I understand that same boat
only patient people receive presents.
of course you're making gay jokes on a religious holiday. i bet you end up celebrating #hashwednesday instead.
Uhm. It gets really akward when your watching Dane Cook with your mom and he's talking about his penis and masturbating -_-
Can see the Citi lights from LGA. On the way over!
everybody at follow my new page
im completely ok with that. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I need to create a second facebook account, just so I can say what I really think about people. And also to stalk people.
Listening to Pandora at work is being made difficult/embarrassing/annoying by the repeated commercials for No Strings Attached.
follow the page i use tryna delete this one
I hate recaps, because I generally have a good memory, so it's annoying to read plot points twice.
thank you and ur welcome you know I got luv for the West It DLMG ALL DAY for me but ill always help push other homies music
Those French fries were good. :)
Best part of writing for ? When chefs who don't speak a word of English recognize the name.
There is no excuse. The ping must die.
Austin looks like someone I used to know now that his hair is all puffy lol
Our outage was solved, and all systems are go.
I'm so tired but zumba was so fun all stressness is gone :)
Check out the Jake and Kyle Show @ 9 on www.wolfpackradio.com. Mike Flanagan (BPS NBA writer) will be on.
it's a little surreal. Ask me after I do one with another station.
OMG RT part of the night so far was when Kim Kardashian asked Eric Cantor what he did for a living -guess my question too
Too quick on the Read Later button. I need a Insta(paper)vention. Or a very long train trip.
already done honey
you're talking about me right?
looking for that next play
Residency = buy-in & having a vested interest in the outcome. Maybe reporters & editors should live here too?
RT its not suppose go like this jtfo (in my voice)
My tweet from your phone didn't go through -_-
imma get Thomas to tweet you
Laying in bed with the family
Bitches will never be ME ..
What a girl wants
Hey bloggers- do you have a marketing plan for your blog?
Live music tonight with at Starts at 6!!
A big welcome to associate editor Chris Cook!
with the happy face too?? i cant find him :((
It is beautiful; smoked meats, jammy, epically aromatic with a smooth finish. Beautiful. Is it a fave of yours?
“: Hey man, I had 2nd for the Hart!” Darth Sidious voice: "I find your lack of faith disturbing."
you need to have an active game to add players (rieu7)
RT "A person is always startled when he hears himself seriously called an old man for the first time." Oliver W. Holmes, Sr. [yes]
you did too!!
Men & women, young & old, struggling to find jobs in Obama economy...
My East Carolina classmate walks up to some country shit Chad Tracy still rules
A. J. Burnett gets paid $100 million to get throwing a baseball wrong half of the time for the entirety of his career thus far.
Thx! Great to see U & Con as well...We need a nite out!
OG Dream Team on the road. New Jerz here we come...
Ow clever... i don't know why on Eart i didn't use it if I wa susing it for Spanish well Thanks :]
omg i (a 7th grader 4 those who dont know) got in a fight yesterday with 8th grade guys >XD
O my god its so windy!!
i got it on lock.
lmao this tweet had me dying u guys r on some nasty shit
You would have to be SCUM of the earth to discriminate. To think that a #SEO News firm wouldn't #hire a man over 40 makes me sick!
But it works for me.... ;D
I guess Eagle Eye Cherry really was gone in the morning.
#FOLLOWBACK .. #COMMONSPACESAT EVERY WEEK... THE HOTTEST SPOT IN QUEENS... !!!
Only 8 days bfore our first fall live webinar
Much appreciation all around RT : Thanks for lunch @ #createbmore it was great as always.
I just saw that the closest you get to J-Ville will be in GA in July. I will look into that. Sending you nothing but love.
the voice doesnt come out until half an hour where i live )))):
omg that shoutout was awesome!!
I'm enjoying reading "This Is Your Brain On Music" by neuroscientist Daniel J. Levitin who I recently met at Sundance 2012 Film Festival
Congrats on Glee... that's a hot show. Hope we can work together again. So happy and proud of you!!
Lol nah, maybe I will to some chicago high schools! And I was on Nicolet's website.
Thanks<3 RT i'm just watching your videos on youtube!! good job,(Rebel Queens - Cherry Bomb Live) it´s just amazing!
long ago u guys snuck me into a concert at canes in mission beach! Maybe 12 yrs ago!!!Good times
Great Quote: "Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led." -Warren G. Bennis (via )
#iJustLoveItWhen I find 20 bucks in my jeans, from doing laundry.
what time do you normally post online full show? i thought it was around 9pm eastern same day?
Dreams I had <<<
Tornado issued for Sampson county!!! Lord when I prayed for rain, I didnt mean disaster! BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU PRAY FOR
That's ducking b.s.
Yes, because it's Obama who "launched" this war. Please.
Mr. Lundie made it sound like we're special lmao
im sorry :( I actually did knock on his door&call his name but he didnt answer so i was like fotget it :-\
The are still the better team. Hands down. One game isn't going to change that.
Looks I picked the right time to come. It's filling up.
Friday is a fantastic day to bang your head to BVB!!!
Thursdays = #archerfx = Happy Eli
morning nigga, (: text me.!
When I go to church I seriously want to chug all the wine.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
GM Cuzzo! I love you too! Have a wonderful day!
Follow for notes from the beginner Social Media Marketing webinar
Happy Monday! We hope you have a great week! Know what would make ours better? You stopping in to see us!
i think i sort of black out when i give a presentation. i dont even remember that hour going by, not at all.
:( i hope you find it!
Space shuttle sighting at JFK. Exciting!
#OKC got sloppy, #Lakers got lucky
The things that were are behind me....Thank you Lord. Behold, I love walking in being a NEW thing!
Is it Thursday yet?? I need this Syracuse Wisconsin game NOW!!!!
It's about highlighting your experiences! Talk up your strengths and how they can benefit the organization
10 years ago today we opened our Pearl Store. We're rewarding 10 customers every hour at 10am! Stop into the PEARL STORE ONLY to win.
I thought Ted Nugent was already behind Romney.
Finally have some spare time to sit down and fix up the website/blog and re-post everything that was lost.
I am more than what you see.
the Heat are wack. Chris Bosh was the glue to that team. If they were smart id trade wade for an athletic 5 & a shooter
go mav's
I mean, I guess
workout before the league?
#FF love! Great health/wellness tweeps! Have a Great Day!
TONIGHT - Trivia & Comedy on us! Eat, drink, play trivia, & enjoy some of Portland's hottest local comics! call 888.643.8669 for tix!
lol yeah cuz i only got 15 credits left
I'm trying to get some work done, but its not happening because I've got a throbbing headache right now and the coffee is not helping.
sorry, we have only a fan page, so we can't add you on FB. I would if we could though!
Thanks, Twinnie! Judy is coming to Texas Dec 2-14, and we want to take you to lunch one day!!
": Wish I was with in Key west right now! I want to party! What is #teamcrazy doing? Take a shot for me! And me
Trying to think of how I can change for 2012. Got a few hrs left.
Kentucky kicking a$$ #MuppetMan Davis - XavierLT. com
Wow. That sounds like a wonderful evening. Do you own Wet Hot American Summer or is this a Netflix pick?
YUM love vindaloo and coconut vinegar is fantastic!!!!
just chillin with the man
Oh Yea of little faith... VIP tickets are still available. Get your buy on. RT : no more VIP Tix!!! NO!
#20ThingsAboutMe around people i don't really talk to im really quite , but with my best friends , i won't shut up .
Go to Recreations Outlet today at The Home & Garden Show!
Ain't about where you've been, it's where you are going. Just landed back in #NOLA and I'm ready to GO!
They always talking that bank shit but them niggas ain't getting no money
Great dancing last night Rob your a #BIG #ROLEMODEL to me for having the guts to do that. Hand claps for
Is anyone awake?!
too bad the Orioles are playing the Rockies in Baltimore this year.
trying to get those union guys back onboard
Getting my leave chit signed off,, ready to go home
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X36
I hope I'm not one of those "grown ups."
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | Kristina Lynn, PR Agent | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
The only thing thats changed is my vewipoint on everything.
won the tournament . next stop , the championshipss on saturday .
Toms can take a seven to a man dime.
all woman here. I'm sure my reasons are different from the men lol. And thanks mama!!!
Had a few tasty Hennepin at PJ Clarkes this weekend. Kudos for amping up the lineup, PJ's!
Rep. Frank Hornstein has a great idea, but how realistic is it? Creating a pool amongst the most profitable corporations in MN.
in a 1 player keeper league, who do I keep, Vick or AP?
Chowing down on a bowl of oatmeal.
all the people i spent my childhood with act like they don't know me anymore.</33 thats depressing
I'd like to see no/low registration fees, insurer tax abatements for low #EV rates & fed credit to manufacturers
just wait until next year!!
leading a session for the Gates K-12 team on the intersection of philanthropy and markets
Definition of a hater: always gotta say somethin negative to me about what I'm doin -_____- lol umm ok, hi
Enjoyable dinner this evening with a randomly pulled together group of 13 aiip'ers. Something to be learned from EVERYONE!
Hey ! I love you this big is a hit back home in Saudi Arabia ! You should visit there one day : )
The weather is perfect for a visit to #lincolnparkzoo on #LeapDay! While you're out, stop by for a tour!
I'm confident can go yard all day long with those big, beefy forearms... oh, wait.
This nesting business is hard work. Especially when you're the only one in the nest.
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 50
Part of that is being in position to succeed. He's been jerked around all season.
Coffee Sleeve Ads, Earth Friendly, yet extremely effective advertising...
Dude. Listen to the 1st one from last year. Brainchild of Travis Rodgers & Seanie The Cablinasian. Priceless.
junior year makes me wanna cry
now you can add 'Author' to your work history!
Look at you, all growns up and growns up and growns up. So proud.
Favorite new hockey stat ATBF (Average Time Between FIghts), Frazer McLaren (SJ) comes in at 9:34, he has 4 Fights in 38 minutes on the ice
Lol I keep replaying #followyou , its amazing!
thank you for the #Shoutout's! Show this tweet at the door 4 two free drinks tonight!
Thanks neighbor! Cool study by colleague (and neighbor!) Matt Lieberman > Which ads are winners?
Practice = overrated.
98 on my algebra 2 test, I'll take that.
Best Casino Planning Tip - There is a HUGE difference between a casino party and a casino fundraiser. Let us help! www.speakersandeventsrus.
YES :-) Watch the Olive Garden Keek with Dave Brytus... LMAO
thanks for twisting my arms,lol stop by and peep out the ear massage.
Did anyone see MC Hammer tonight at the Hudson Hotel? Cool blast from the past.
I don't think the left is that classy. Maybe pay for their car for the back seat.
Congrats! Sounds like success!
Tracked yesterday. She's amazing, wrote all her shit off the top, with no pen and paper. Look out and
Just toured the Smith Center- and was actually brought to tears- what a gift to have it Downtown, for our children's children- Bravo!!
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
#sdmayornp "we have moral obligation to take care of veterans when they return home".
Hey really bored some tweet me
starting date masamune soon.
yea, I was wrong. That was pre combine rating. Damn!!!!!
Kind of got locked out today. In the rain. And cold.
if the project doesn't get 100% funded all of the money you contributed is refunded to you
Oh I wanted to tell you I finished 1Q84 and I loved it beyond 140 characters. Thank you for the recommendation.
Well, back to the old grind.
Oh. I have to work at 6... Hm.
Shout out to my bro follow him!
Rick Siskey - Beware of the person you become in pursuit of your goals.
I wouldn't want to do that to you as you look so good in orange...
Animal Lovers Make Tail-Wagging Music With 'Pet Rox' Band - DNAinfo
we need more true fans.. Not just when they win
Dang, oh well lets go see battleship! :)
My arms are quivering
fight the urgin! stay a virgin!
What the hell...smh.
Boutta take a nap right quick
I MISS NEWT GINGRICH
Don't wake me, I'm dreaming!
Avery Bradley is a poor mans Russell Westrbook
...and Scott Boras.
RT : I'm learning this lesson lately: Don't underestimate what God has ALREADY put inside u & the people around u. Hidden treasure!!
sounds good
The #DesignProLunch #Dallas Twitter list has moved to its new home! All you pros, check out /Dallas.
I love mowing it 1.helps my dad 2.gives me a mini workout 3. Gives me a sun tan .<3
Heart filled with confusion...
Today I'm going just be working on my resume for acting and download new music for tonight at big nose Kate's love being alone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
lol. The answer is no in my book. Lol
Behind closed doors . I've never said anything bad about yu .
Merry Christmas to you!
Study break! Starting the 3rd season of One Tree Hill.
Going to the gym to work off some of this stress
Tomorrow should be a good day.
You got that right.
thanks for follow DJ legend..let us know where u play at
Got stiffed, still an awesome day though. :)
ernest scared stoopid
LOVING seeing my girl in #chicago!
RT : 30-40% of WSJ content on a given day is NOT behind the paywall. All video is free.
what about today
Just felt the loveliest shiver upon walking into a sea of Columbia Blue. Congrats Class of 2012!!
Opinions? Smoller "The Other Side of Normal"
YEA UH HUH I SAW IT. THAT GONE MAKE ME... LOL YES I HAVE TO FIX THAT PROMO AND INFORM PPL THE NEW DATE
Those kind of ideas tend to be the good ones though!
Talked with State DOE yesterday. They still haven't made decisions re: innovation fund.
My self esteem is dangerously low.
i love you too baby :) now quit tweeting and go to sleep. my phone's volume is up and i get ur tweets to my phone ;)
Good morning to you as well ::hugs:: I couldn't take him this morning.
Have a wonderful Sunday Emma. I hope it's sunny outside <3
"Irony" is not unusual coincidence. "Irony" is something that is the direct opposite of what is usually meant or expected.
"A truly free and just society will be one that promotes women as homemakers and mothers, nurses, teachers, secretaries and cheerleaders."
Emily Reese will be filming BABYLU in the Moreno Valley, an independent coming-of-age story about a young girl with a mountain-man father.
I love mail!
I Can Only Imagine: "You're a beast. You're a beauty. Man I bet somebody dunn gave Cupid an Uzi. Shoot me."
Hey can someone tweet me because I'm in 4 hour and I don't like this class. If you like justin bieber tweet me.
You need to reach out to - they are awesome at finding new music and getting it out on Twitter.
Didn't even make it one lap.
dishes are such a never ending thing aren't they! lol
those are prety toasty
Lascel Woods has a beautiful voice :)
damn yea I need to dig that one up from the crates! Speaking of, I'm giving away most of my vinyl collection 2 !
": WORD UP #YouGettinPunchedIf you fuck with "
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Just watched this week's episode of Community. One of the most amazing things I've ever seen on TV. Watch it now!
Yup, Pittsburghese is well known around here.
Just got my tickets for 's Jan 27th show in Boston!
Learned the new term 'proofread that bitch'! i'm ready for the drag ball now. thank you zebra katz!
Saw a video with awesome audio sounds from upcoming music producer...
perfect can we do a Friday?
learning a little python & pyramid tonite
The value of informal learning methods increases as learners gain expertise ... Per
watching survivor :)
Getting use to this new phone
agrees<3 cant get much hotter;)
If I had #dinnerwithbarack I'd ask him if he remembered me. Then I'd order the most expensive item on the menu.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan working somewhere that you love! , a Leading provider of talent acquisition software
source of 80 % down? Don't have one do you.
A ray of sunshine, a balmy breeze Are a gift from God above, And He also gives us faithful friends. To warm our hearts with love.
getting ready for a front page Father's Day story about a rice farmer who's survived cancer four times.
Fuck it I don't need a singer, I'll sing on my own track
Don't forget tomorrow is Rubie Tuesday!!! That means get two piercings for the price of one including basic jewelry!
In elementary I was voted most devilish child... BUAHAHA!.
Have you read "The 80/20 Individual" by Richard Koch? You quoted Pareto in that past post tweet...a great read.
": Guys, you know what's insane? That the 1970s happened." Right?!? Way freaky. The clothes, the cars, the TV shows...:)
Earl sweatshirt in the A.M only way to make though the day at Klein Oak
WOO!! Everytime yall do sumthin, we come back and do somethin better. RONDO!
In the studio gettin it in
Stop saying. Ignacio sounds like something from #HarryPotter lol
Ha ha. You're the second one to mention that.
Got our hair did... right?
Ya think?? :) >> MT : I'm suffering from a bit of "sports overload" lately.
Wade & Coach Spo goin at it..who u think wins that one there? smh
#alliwantis sunshine so people can eat and drink outside already!
watching Tim Robbins' band, what s nice evening. He's amazing and his band is to die for!
"Cause I'll get all in ur a$$ Dexter and not the way u want me to" beauty salon scene #PoeticJustice LOL
The mind-clutter is preventing me from focusing! I need some air!
:) <3 thanks. We're very excited as well.
Hey boy hey!
I'll be up for atleast another half hour haha but thanks :)
Baby Bash is back at 5pm Round2!!
Is EVERY other county BUT Fayette getting out of school this week?
you are so awesome!
Is auto-follow the devil?
the #Mets Scott Hairston hit for the cycle yesterday! Of coarse, now that hes not a padre he does that
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me. - Bach
Early mornings, Late nights.
I can never clean my room without being distracted by all the cool stuff I find.
Dunbar punt return for TD- missed extra point ... Dunbar 13 Coolidge 7.....
The kuhf pledge drive really makes me miss ktru.
Hahah yea I almost passed out also. It was a blast.
that whats up
I HATE SCHOOL WITH A PASSION.
Give your friends and family a great meal! Hit "Share" - when they "Like" our page, we'll give them a FREE Small Traditional Pie!
Didn't hear pens cry when Rangers kneed Staal earlier this season. It's hockey shit happens.
#Isles starters: Montoya in net; Hamonic and MacDonald on D; line of Tavares, Moulson and Parenteau
Current Norfolk Rotation: Chris Tillman, Joel Pineiro, Steve Johnson, Richard Zagone, Jason Berken. Bound to change again soon.
A car accident, a divorce, painkillers, Tori Amos
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 55
Big Bear, CA. Hop, skip, and a quick little jump.
Another beautiful Blessed sunny day in Southern Cal!!!
“: Work is what I'm doing when i'm not working...” All Day!!!
First Boston Legal and now Harry's Law.
Were Looking to get our Label Officially up and running with releases and website by the beginning of May!
This weekend's special is a large two topping pizza for $5 when you buy any large Austin's Original. Use code bogo5 online
You give to the world your greatest gift when you're being yourself.
on the #todayshow! love that it means #community is back!
Looking forward to it RT : Merci pour ce re-tweet Carl !!! We need to talk soon :) Di
I wish a cop would pull me over and say "nice driving back there."
gosh I have an obsession with smiley faces. I find them less annoying than people who say haha or lol 2 times every message they send
Show your support for independent artists!
why is amy fisher on celebrity rehab? Since when are criminals considered celebrities?
I got a nine and ten and a three. So before lunch? And lunch...
'Just to soak it all in/ and smooth it out as well/ I caught a glimpse of heaven/ its beautiful as hell'
#dhtrial Several PM's answered: Yes I worked season 3 standin/photodouble/ insert shots, Yes I knew both Marc and Nic. both were good to me.
learning about game theory on iTunesU and processing a collection with original Lincoln Center plans...Monday is turning out to be great!
Thanks, Jay! Where's our "like" option on Twitter...still figuring this thing out. ;)
I started on a design but I cant get them printed here/just 2 much & dnt want to ask coworker again/owe him type of thing yk?
well he picks up on a girl with mcnuggets ...but he's no Aaron Rodgers
Why do bouncers always ask 'is it just you girls?' No, its us and all those dudes in the back of the line.
lol nah gshytt..who is feeding u these lies
a do anybody know if that new teen wolf come on tonight
It's a Hard knock Ginger life, for me!
I think I'm just going to listen to the muppets all morning
Doesn't matter if I'm thin or fat, long hair or short, or what I'm wearing. It happens with some regularity.
#ipad2 just came walked inside Best Buy in Princeton--I'm number 4 in line!! Yep!
i cant wait to meet you(;
Thank you to the stranger who posted a 5 star review of my novel #Beyond the Summit on amazon today. An adventure story set on
congratulations! I'm following you and paying attention!!
NFC Championship will be better than Super Bowl.
Pharrell Williams, one of the greatest producers of our time and one of my favorite artists, literally just made me want to throw up.
Adding facebook integration to BuyPlayTix.
could someone tell me why like every other UW school has spring break this week but us? ours isn't even for 2 weeks!
Everything about Padma annoys me -- mostly her delivery and choice in tube top dresses.
Why does my basement smell like burning popcorn? And why do I like burnt popcorn?
Pouring a 40 for the death of my PoF account. It multiplied my hopeless feeling by 100.
Spring is in the air... meeting to talk about this year's Earth Day plans this morning. Yep, already that time of year again.
yeah, I'm going to post them.
Although there was a line about "don't worry they wont be able to see you at night"
How can I help you-What problems have you seen-What answers are you looking for...oh and Hello
Thanks for the beta help!
Thank you!
yeah, I actually referred back to my NLM background check to get some of the older addresses, but remember you had more trouble!
liked the feature on the Army LB. Was questioning it at first but good stuff... booked my hotel for Tallahassee, btw.
Good work. And thank you!
Emancipation Day was the 15th, Tax Deadline Today!
T pain flow. All I do is when
loved the show tonight Jean. Waiting for the project.
I know it's too late now but in the future I can donate $5 for each referral for #AdvoCare business cards www.bit.ly/awerm
do you know how long it takes when i order ipad2 from online?
jus put all ya business out there lol jp
lebrons hands in my avi look like they're my hands.
I agree! rt vienna! Jake was simply trying to make amends...he seems sincere while vienna seems deceptive and unkind.
Oh wow! I'm behind the times. Let's do it! we can try out our #SpeakEasy theme since costumes are encouraged.
Tried to go to website.Ever think about an internet station.We are the first and largest,CyberStationUSA.com
Too grown for the bullshit.
RT if you think should have a reunion tour with the family
RT Life is like a carpool lane, you get to your destination much more quickly when you take some people with you. Like that.
I was trying to think outside the box for Mother's Day gifts but...I got nothin'.
Skipping the eating off the belly n smelln pits
thanks for the awesome talk!
“: I heard good things about The Grey Goose on Jefferson, so Ellen & I stopped by. I like.” great pizza and patio
Not too excited about Beauty and the Beast on The CW. Why remake something that did not work the first time on CBS?
GreenWays Trails Fund
Cool. Most likely I'll release a free snippet for custom_functions.php with simple instructions. Stay tuned!
yea I'm a running back lol
Just leaving work. How is it?
She can drop that number in my DM
glad our last tweet was a favorite for you, your support helps
did you catch our set??
Ironic that they call it spring break because I'm getting ready for a 6 am lift before 9am boxing. #Dedication 7/7
hahahha. But we needa chill son !
We are not a friends,but not pare.We are just from side.We can't leave without each other,and we can't be together
Cruisin with the bros. Gonna be so sick. Might not survive.
For Christmas I want to get you some new commentators.
Yeah, I'd say the C's chances are much higher to win.
Im a 80's baby but the 90's was the shit
im going to miss that long hair <3
before you...
It honestly would, because every #REAL belieber should have a chance to see in concert:) right?
Chrysler is playing second fiddle to GM and Ford though
Ugh Long Day.. I hate college so much.. make me feel better! :D
u hoopin bro
lol well we're in contact now!!!
Oh I'm having a lovely decaf espresso with lemon tweeest! Courtesy of Natasha
18 and Life on the radio
BABY LEAVE THE WATER BY THE BED FOR LATERR <3333
Thanks Mike! #FF Have a good weekend. :)
Wait, if we do go tomorrow what time?
We have to wonder what kind of city we'll leave students if our revenue's just going to debt and tax breaks.
i freAking hate people that dont answer texts
We just made it to 716 followers!
I just placed a donate key on my roadtosturgis.net. Please donate to the ride we are short of sponsors and any amount will help.
Best player in baseball H2R
We still love you ; ) xoxo
getting ready for a meeting at the cosmo
The drawing for Megamillions is in about 20 minutes! Good luck if you bought tickets!!
Bear Down Candice!! Look out for the real wildcats next year.
oh and we drove the new Genesis Coupe, Equus, and Veloster! :)
I'm training to be a competitor for a team. I know what I need to work and focus on to get there. I can do this.
Is it wrong that I hide my MamaPita leftovers from the rest of my family?
I try to behave but sometimes it's hard to do.
And I will be strong, even if it all goes wrong.
Congrats to Stacy Fuller, Western Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
schedule for nakba cup is wrong on your site.
Its a great book call age of the beast and its under new projects lanuch everybody had to start somewhere even Tyler Perry ask for help ...
your so lucky u met will! I'm so jealous :) he's amazing but so are u :) well have a good day
I don't remember him doing that in my dream, but it's quite possible he did that....my god I hope he did....
looking for quince dresses ;)
Can't wait for P.E tomorrow!!!!!! Bring on the waterworks! Haha jk.
I'm not hungry now.
my volunteer job may B a payin job by th end of th week say a prayer 4 me
Twitter Me This & Twitter Me That <3
Thanks for following us! Your work looks great
An iced licorice drink - I'd have needed better lighting to get a proper picture
naw just trying to be witty... Maybe failing...
Aren't you struggling with millenial membership ASTD? Stop referring to us as "them" and maybe it would change. Move fast and we'll be here
RT : RT : hire good people and get out of their way!
That still has to be sorted out. One professor basically said I could do whatever I want, haha. He's a geologist though.
that sucks - cuz you've had some great posts today!
how that tally life treating you
You wake up in Chicago.
Happy birthday!
I've never seen His dog shoot film… no interest in it… but it seemed trite & sad attempt at shock art, which I feel is beneath me
Reading is for idiots, if something is good, they'll make a movie. If it's subtitled you're kind of fucked though.
Happy Mothers Day <3
I been Watchin the show #BreakingBad man this is a good ass show anybody watch it. Im always lit when I watch it you got to be
No more ginger hair for moi.Dying it back to my natural color!(:
DITCHING! Naw she liked me :) It was easy cause i had it last year. And i needed an E on paticipation to graduate
painting :D
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <33 xoxox Watching UR show right now love you
Is is really happening? Dare to dream of title number 20?
"if you were a dolphin I would totally stick it in your blow hole"
#ArmLegLegArmHead Peace to the Gods & the Earths. Get your math on.
I think Pepsi Max is becoming my new fav. "Energy" drink
Markelle Martin brought the boom there!
RT “: Obama is capitulating so much that he has decided to vote for Rick Perry.”
Red for love. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Flying solo today Hate this. Not nearly enough time for twitter and words with friends.
Only My Mom would Go home walking from the gym -.- #ImTried I Need A Ridee Homee!
Nice. Very smooth.
Rise and shine #Madison!
Watching Rio with my brother :)
sounds great. Looking forward toot. Thanks.
I was going to buy Extra Innings this year, but I don't know if I can take watching this terrible #Rockies pitching all year
I might as well let them read my diary.
www.MyZooRadio.com check out our past shows! And follow
Being woken up at 9:30 by my cat? She's cute and all but seriously Jewel, I would like to sleep.
We all serve as an important piece of the HubSpot puzzle, and we fit together perfectly
Oh God, please don't tell me people out there are using Trayvon Martin as a means to hurt other people...
#youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom from using technology during the summer. go outside and play kids!
I got to hang out with Kenji Sugahara.
Thinking I might be too old to be watching the #VMAs. Oh well.
Do not make plans or promises if it is not guaranteed...
Nothin much and you ?
We will be releasing the first song from our new EP "The Heavy Crown" very soon... stay tuned!
Rempiss Percussion Quartet bringing A game @ Hideout right now. Tim Daisy you are ridiculous.
The new is pretty awesome. I miss the place I went to for the last ~25yrs, but still like the new.
I need a boy to play with
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha I found it in my house and I just had to.
Since many transactions occur online these days, set your company apart by how you interact w/ customers who are actually in front of you!
Using a trash can to elevate my legs and "borrowing" a random ice pack from the break room.
To Succeed in life, you need three things A wish bone, a back bone, and a funny bone
Superbowl Sunday..... friends, family, food and frothy beer. Good frackin beer! Have fun and be safe tweeps!
I am listening to interviewed on WNHU about social media
Sure! Cool story.
Philip Crosby says "Quality is the all-important catalyst that makes the difference between success and failure" ;)
haha I love it!
Would you want me if my favorite day was Thursday....
Learn to start or boost your bakery business without leaving your living room! Order your copy of the Business of Baking Seminar DVD...
Water broke this morning! Working on getting some regular contractions going. Pain is good! Well, today.
told you to drop out!!
no problem!
Ames! Feel free to use the hashtag:
she missed you. we had a long talk today about how to play a youtube video. RT thx for coming again, tho we missed your mom.
hopefully they can get their act together and win tonight's game or we might not see another home game this year
Thank you! If I knew where that was... :)
So (fingers crossed) it looks like there's a good chance I'll be starting culinary school on Tuesday!
we will see Saturday at the highlight factory.
oh yeah imma look to cute tommor
I was watching someone swing outside of lines and then everyone cheered so I assumed first time. Pretty sure it was you!
because I went through a bad break up a few months ago and I don't want to deal with anyone elses
Direct right. Then another young Scandinavian kid two to my left, and all the dish across from me: (
Sound Check*
What Gucci Nigga
Nom Nom Nom I Want Some Chinese Food YUMMY!!!! :D
Bout to go fool
So... my indoor football team, Soccer Stars, begins with the play-offs tonight. We'll do our best +1. Wish us luck!
fingers crossed it's sooner-than-later!!!! :)
Dropping a country's rating three levels=poor prior analysis of that country....
Defense proceeding with witnesses who saw Love hit #Huguely with her purse in exchange days before her death.
Soccer game at 11:30. Let's get it.
Wait it's Friday and Oakland is quiet?
How is it that I've managed to work at two offices that eat lunch at 11 a.m.? This cannot be normal...
Freeway being shutdown and driving on 'E
Gah I shouldn't be going out ...
Thank God !
The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well. - John D. Rockefeller
Wokeup quick @ about noon just thought I had to be in ChiTown soon I gotta get drunk b4game begins b4MattGarza starts pitchin bout myfriends
Good job Neil in Pit Bull your Boy H
It won't happen since its on TNT. They'll wait until 8 p.m. to switch it to that game.
All caught up with tech now! ... Thanks
Major fundraiser for the President at Tyler Perry's home tonight... $35,000 per ticket... Who's in...
idk something anything otherwise your life is just a waste
your cover is blown. Dump this profile and try again ,)
Wonderful idea!
4:54 Fran time a PR As Rx, am coughing now
I see that now, thanks. Makes a lot of sense.
no way! I dont want to!
Now I am wondering how pissed me off so bad that im on my back porch in my undies drunking a 24 ounce Busch Light ............
Los angeles: where there are more cars than people in the streets
Thanks for stopping by!
RT: “: Frankly, it's a lot easier to spend your life doing pointless shit. But it's also spending your life doing pointless shit.”
Anonymity is a powerful tool for trolls. RT : A lot of people following me have no Twitter icon. To me, you are all faceless eggs
Every person has the power to make others happy
DO YOU MISS SEATTLE?? :) can't wait to see you in Phoenix! <3
I have a pair of Gir slippers
I'm far past depressed sad hurt pissed I feel like the phoenix bird loose for the very first time with all that fury
That concert is gonna b unreal!
Private tour this morning then Easter Bonnet! So excited! :)
will do
Out for dinner to celebrate our two year anniversery.
Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain .. 45th.. good music died along with you. <3
ProTect Painters = proud sponsor of KUT 90.5 just mention you heard us and we'll take $150 off your next project of $1000!
RT Congrats Oskar Blues, Firestone Walker, Full Sail, The Bruery, Maui, Lakefront, Weyerbacher & Black Diamond on GABF medals
agreed $ is spent on scouting and player devlpmnt. But what has this produced for fans. One decent team every 4 or 5 yrs?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>lmao that parents for you psh I remember I went to prom last year I didn't come home till 5am lol
Had an awesome time at Jazz for Justice last night! Looking forward to playing at Bistro 135 from 7-11pm. Come hang!
*waits for Brian to say something*
Watching "Total Leadership: Be a Better Leader, Have a Richer Life" presentation organized by Thanks Dr. Friedman
Project looks AWESOME!! Keep us all in the loop. If you get less than an A, we'll send Courtney there to be mean 2 peeps!
I was colouring with an old marker and it scratched against the paper and it sounded like dubstep...
For free moustache trims your team can visit any participating Kennedy's location. We want to show our support!
"It's important to remember that in nature, there isn't symmetry, but balance" Maria Cristina Jimenez class love!
I just want to find like the most perf icon and keep it forever.
Another great Gareth track. Wait until u hear the remixes!
My geckos ran away : ( WTF who's geckos run away?!?
48% of organizations have made tablets available to employees #letsgetmobile webinar poll
Down points: Cheesy CGI. heroine doesn't really kill anyone (only a bit). Design sometimes over the top (still amazing)
We need not think alike to love alike. Francis David
But now. I have never seen him so excited. A lifelong Lions fan. Its amazing. Thank you! Great work! And dont stop now!!!!
u first :)
I really enjoyed the videos I watched
I hate awkward turtles, and why is the ninja turtle tryin' to holler at you? Fuck that noise
This is taking too long.
thank u love!!
S/O to for being cool as hell
I almost slammed my finger in my desk drawer...nail is sore... thank God it didn't break. I must be more careful <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Yes, you CAN get famous soaps by in Scottsville. Check out Charmed Butterfly Boutique and Scottsville Farmers Market!
: definitely #ww by any indie author interested in the triad: discoverability, exposure, & traction, critical watchwords for all.
Hallmark Channel is having a I LOVE LUCY MARATHON AL DAY
Chow baby on my agenda..
I LOVE YOU THX!
You used to reply to my tweets. Did I do something wrong? I can change!!
i wonder how many stink bugs ive sleepily ingested since living in pittsburgh
Check DMs please :)
We have a quick video on the home page but its short so it moves fast. Good idea on the how to page!!
Mason-Dixon line somewhere south of Farmington right? RT : because ya'll speak their dadgum language n such.
Holy mother of god it's almost 11:45.....well... im going to bed(; night tweeps<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> Get to listen to thunder<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+26A1><U+2614><U+26A1>
Anbody wanna do some of this chem oydessey for half the cash ??
Nothing lined up right now, but would love to make it up there sometime soon!!
My room was vandalized last night! Someone, daughter and friends, broke in a placed b-day wishes all over.
I love being with the #MONKEYS in the
Dark Knight or The Changeling had the best Cinematography!!!
My dad wants me to go to prom.
“: These nights spot Venus - it's a must. Bright as she gets, in the twilight dusk..." too bad I live in Los Angeles :(
like it has nothing to do with She is a distraction. You Sir, nailed it
You deserve! The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it but what they become by it!
who invited you to this conversation though?
Philip's house.
“:senior”we all can't be light, cute, skinny or whatever but we r all GODS children
Yup. RT : Was 's "Uptown" track harder than "Successful"?
RT not sure where i'm gonna end up when i go out so i pack clothes just in case
figured it out hun! I'm followin u again
Welcome to another Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
Instead of focusing on Obama you shoukd be talking about how we can get rid of him.
It was hard to see the Brewers lose last night, but they still gave us an exciting season and I'm glad they're part of Milwaukee
I'm about to punch you..
Yes, but conveniently omitted the put to death part!
excellent choice...any others....
The worst is over. All I have left is to build the set of Top Dog Underdog, my SPT for Stage Combat, and the Santa Clarita Shakespeare Fest.
#DAMLA users want a Google-like experience with DAM
I'm rolling sweets and smoking sour. Girl if you roll one for me, give me an hour.
The flu is in our house, but I am choosing to not participate with it.
that's what canadian girls do? Sims? ;p
Holy shit people change
No problem dude. How is the new keg?
isnt that basically our cellphone? Except externally.
If they defuse by agreeing, I am totally OK with that.
your so young
This day needs to move faster!
Harper on fire
I cant wait to listen , Thank you so much ... :)
i feel like hiting that zombie
A plancharme el pelo o o o o o o o o o o o o o
I think it'd be the coolest thing to have either Morgan Freeman's voice or the British narrator from Planet Earth
what are you up to? :)
What it says: 3-5 paragraphs. What I read: 3 paragraphs.
Good and it was alright :) wbu?
U go to Grammys? We need to talk Whitney, I'm engrossed.
you bugged out last episode i was crying...this bitch kristen was running like wwwwaaaaaaa lmao thank you for that
I'll be there this weekend!! Thur-Sunday!
I miss talking to Brian, it's been like 2 months . :p
RT Oh no.... I think I'm coming down with something...
Thanks for following and
So glad you enjoyed it!
JOIN US TOMORROW! MLK March & Rally.
Always happy seeing Keena Pearl
thank goodness.
#DontYouHateWhen The main character dies in a movie.
it's not on for me :/
#LateNightLesbiansRadio #LateNightLesbiansRadio #LateNightLesbiansRadio RAPPERS Tune In Tonight & Showcase Your Skills With Us
they were. Finally starting to get better. Thank God.
Hope to see a win for tomorrow! Best of luck & everyone
I'm guessing that my lean pockets aren't that healthy for me
Just received a large shipment of Brazilian Blowout products. Come in and stock-up before they fly off the shelf.
not a thing what it do
I sent u a request (Kp)
Late night happy hour from 10:00PM to 11:00PM! Play some shuffleboard and have a cheap pint with us!
you look like a landscaper in your photo :P
I gotta be ccareful at work might catch sum sexual harrasment cases tryna flirt HA!
omg when you put quotation marks next to the words "Global Warming" it makes me want to go pee in the snow with joy.
What a beautiful day to say
Ignore the haters and Just smile <3 either way she's making herself look dumb cause you actually did tget alotta numbers :p
Speaking as the generation Y panelist at the Prince William Chamber of Commerce generational summit this morning.
im tired but i wanna do something tonight......
About to watch the Heat tear up some nicks, time for to throw down
“: ooh i was gonna say. but yea i feel ya” Yeahh mengg
A real man ends a relationship before he starts searching for another one.
Finished analysing a clients results.Now watchin Liverpool FC match 4 Hillsborough memorial hope the families get the justice they deserve
Panda hungry.
oh . well i feel dumb now . oopsies !
Pshh. Why bring up the past?
#always you should be happy! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
ok let's see here : JOEY "randomtweeting adventurespectacular" CAMM
TREE INFO-In a natural setting, decomposing leave litter gives trees nutrients. Get lawn out from under your tree and replace with compost.
Woaaah, One Direction look-alikes at my dad restaurant! o: asdfghjjkl
hey no homo I just wanted 2 know if u knew why twitter would suspend a acount
me2 its like a long time we didnt talk
I want some
my cat thinks that i am his official 'rubbing up against' post and that my bed is his bed
Should Mitt Romney speak out about Mormonism? Experts vary
Happy birthday!!! Hope it is fabulous!
Be the positivity you seek, and watch the universe yield it back to you in every aspect. -LT
lol I always tweet the wrong people on accident!
We recommend following (our director) and (our composer)!
Subscribe to GraceAndChristine on YouTube!! If you do I'll give you a shout out!!!
We made our way up to the attic. The water was rising too quick. I was able to close the door down. And I held the door down with a stick...
Taking a break from this work.....
Miss you doll : /
Delete. Delete. Delete.
how come the tv and radio announcers don't trade off and go back and forth like they used to?
Any young artist... Looking for a home... Follow <<< this company got it So Swagg
Coming down to the final minutes here. Stay on the page till the clock runs out. You're gunna wanna see this. /te
OCLC survey: 87% of institutional archives reports to library; 70% responsible for records management
At Bob Rohrman Ford getting my car looked at. I may not make it out alive if my brakes go out again...
I could! I hear b-dubs has an amazing selection?
Neva See Me Plankin Less I'm On Your Boyfriend. . .Llls
Raven Tools, just found out about this, super Awesome!
This weekend already craaa!
yes for sure. I'm in NYC this wknd otherwise evenings or up in CT what's ur sched? Xo
what movie? If u don't mind me asking
Fire. Helps.
Trying to bring timeline down <1 month for getting HW in for hosting.
Monday has me hustling like crazy for clients and indicates it will be a very busy week before I can take my Spring Break.
In civil rights training. The slide has a cartoon pic of a black man with an afro, gold chain and angry look.
yeah I remember you too. The other night I just kept thinking I knew you from somewhere
I'm just starting to get into that album. Say It Right is also really good too.
I thought artes changed his name to " meta world peace"......shouldn't he at least live up to that?!
Excuse me for not feeling sad for JoPa. He was a good coach, but he was not a great man. He did nothing while kids were raped & molested.
completed project in Dallas for Mpls-based client. Produced panel discussion with leaders in radio, film, stage, and symphony.
my brother and I just said same thing!
[sing with me] "How do you solve a problem like Scalia?"
North Carolina's Stilman White's play reminds me a lot of
,Justin Please followback Me,Love This son
don't even risk pitching around Calhoun. give him the free pass.
Greetings, Twitter world! xD
I think hatred of others is their core value-Try to make us want to stoop 2 their level with their viciousness
oh boy. last minute of play in game 7. Rangers still lead by 1
aww thanks steve! :)
Hey -- is it Talia, as in Tuh-leah.... or TALia?
Hate is just Love at its highest peek. Remember that.
Last night I had a dream that I was suffocating. This morning I woke up with my chest all congested :(
Aye i like freaky girls .
Truth: RT : is doing an amazing job teaching the intro to HTML and CSS for
Jus got up drunk as shit head spinnin....last night was a good night
celebrates its founder, operatic voice + visionary, Dorothy Maynor, Sat. April 21 12noon-4pm.
Just saw two of the guys from The Wanted unimaginably hammered stumbling out of saddle ranch into traffic. Good look.
Careful what you ask for! RT alanhahn: Pacers fans chanting "Beat the Heat" as Indiana closes out series vs Magic.
Can You Spend It?
thank you! <3
Wake Up In Your Makeup in the ONLY Board Certified Permanent Makeup and Instructor in Las Vegas! Make your appointment with the best!
We congratulate Jean Dujardin & the film "The Artist", and everyone who received an oscar last night !
phone punch.
Absolutely. I have 3 kiddos in CitySchools! ;o) They are worth 5¢ RT : speaks in favor of bottle tax increase
Thank you for the follow! I look forward to reading your insights as well.
Watching American Idol...they sound pretty good!
Workin' out w' my favorite team, the MARINES!
Good times at forest lawn cemetery. Ps CK Tea later...?
Uh yeahh, today makes it 318:D
Development, is like being under construction but much lonelier and with fewer enraging cat-calls
Just so you know. we are not heavy news driven and are moving towards content creation for boomers.
I don't appreciate how people think ima bite my tongue & censor shit because they to afraid of the truth
the gym need to be gettin ready 4 u lol
Every minute, every second, every hour of the day Iyiyi Every hour of the day Iyiyi Everytime that I'm away Iyiyi Missing you
LOVE the Priority Inbox. This totally makes up for Wave.
Sports thought of the day (STOD): I have the utmost respect for sports statisticians.
Thanks Thanks to you my Amazon Wishist (21st century version of the pile of books you want to read) is now significantly longer.
Subway takes forever
I love listening to Spanish versions of songs. Hardcore worldwide.
follow us
I determine how good my life is by the food I eat and the bed I sleep in.
Im the shit bitch you the paper i wipe with
Yup! “: Seriously... Even if you aren't a sports fan, the drama right now at the World Series is amazing. Turn to ”
Jordan Taylor is the most overrated All American candidate in the country.
DM no need to be sick over Barkley announcement, he's coming back. What a wuss.
u r 2 hours ahead from me.. but i heard that everyone found it :))
Full House >>>
#UCDA don't put all your eggs in the facebook basket
CONGRATS, Mel!
That bitch be my stuffing... Like we really be fucking !!!
Reports Dwight Howard asks to be traded to Nets
Louis Daguerre, as in daguerreotype photographs
Refreshed, renewed, recharged and diving into this mountain of work! God's grace is sufficient.
I love going to the gym at this time
Come by Hearthstone Coffee House & Pub for a Lugar for Congress reception from 6-8 tonight. Open to the public.
Make Your Own Fashion Headbands for Girls and TeensJust Share - headbands for teens
Come to the 'Burbs, too! RT Just drove by #rva food truck court. Slammed. Richmonders want good, affordable, convenient food.
well you're the pastor so I'll go with it! ;)
yeah bro i got you
When it comes to treating fleas in pets-read all labels & administer product according to directions-don't miss a dose.
Sorry I missed you guys! Catch you next time for sure!
I'm totally into the show, Murder She Wrote.
Remember: if you have me on speed dial, you can get me on the phone b4 the lawman gets to your window! 713-222-7577. Put it in your cell!
yup, I tend to weave back and forth from historical content to current events... to keep them hooked.
Ain't it just a beaut' ?
True Greatness!
Marveling at Gerry Passannante's new book: ms transmission as the history of atomic/alphabetic collisions. Fabulous.
Thanks sweetie!
My parents are making me go to a highschool called "ScITeK". Might as well slap a nerd sticker on my head.
ewww u guys are nasty! dirt all over the pizza sauce lol yall are brave
yeahh cuz were both use to grouplove since its their song
bord just got home from skool
I dig your new Twitter profile pic! would this be an appropriate place to say
went looking for a copy of Grapes of Wrath, published 1939, Steinbeck died in 1968, it's still not public domain. Kindle book $16 WTF?
Signed up for the St. Patrick's Day "Shamrock 5K"...even though I haven't run more than a block since last year's run. Lazy much?!
lol tell me about my Bff bre said hi lol?
Link for the poll?
Wow, I never knew I had so many fans. You all are so great. Now let's see another #Packers win!
Let us know when it is finished. We will help spread the word on our Twitter & Facebook!
I Bet You Anything You Won't See This.: It Would Make MY Day To Reply+Retweet!!:) Thanks<U+2665>
Happy Birthday ! Caw!
let me know when you want to work something, out what type of event would you like sponsored?
i wish everyday could be like today! :(
here honey how are you? “: Where my peepz at?”
in order to ensure i "score" with my hand tonight for v-day, i secretly gave myself a few roofies. (jk im being all romantic and shit)
Sitting at the outside bar enjoying a brewski watching the Tribe!
Hm, somebody better tell the people in Fort Worth they're getting robbed then. I know we use to love not getting taxed on food.
Play is now 23 pages long. Life is about to change. I am applying to law school. Perhaps one day I will be your entertainment lawyer.
I'll TAKE IT!!!
"baseball is new englands game" - actual quote from outside the lines today. New England arrogance never ceases to amaze me
the lack of originality disappoints me.
well good night everybody
Therapeutic For Your Relationship
Couples that refer to each other as "Mommy" and "Daddy" are fucking weird.
I love how people use social networking as a platform to voice their complaints.
I haven't seen that many bricks since the era of Anthony Mason. That was a college score...
How so?
I am more excited than ever to help make #IACA a true success for Iowa families and students!
Whatever you do just don't tell me you love me.
My throat is officially sandpaper
Staring at the world through my review competition there is none B.E.T.awards Oct.1st we in the building where u gon be haters kill yaself
I hope all those songs get stuck in all of you clcs graduates heads all day today! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
We promise not to tell if you say they are from you. :)
If you have "follow back" in your bio, it's very unlikely that I'll follow you.
so when do I need to b ready
list of most expensive colleges, No. 6 overall, priciest in D.C. at annual cost of $53,340 ( annual: $53,275)
“I just don't throw it to the other team. Don't like to, never have. I don't think I'm coming very close either." -
Supporting the The Frail, Ron Wilson was Fired, Im listening to Elvis and my Fender Jazz is looking Hot. Its gonna b a great night!
Love and loyalty doesn't make excuses, they make it happen. drkevinforeman
Ah!! I want some shout outs -_-
that is like; what do you want more? kiss or kiss .. both :D
thanks for joining us and making #Friday a fun day!
Ugh im really get mad. Today went from bad to good to bad
Yeah! Let's get on it. Lol!
Why is Starbucks so expensive...?
Madison lied about two things... 1) me and him are dating 2) I shower with him...he is not alone in the shower
Hey, that's why they cast these ppl ;)
"WOW! You're hot! At night... Miles away....Behind a wall... ln a cave... Deep underground... To a blind person."
we have to add to the crew.Remember when we were all in the hospital together,having Ryder,Jett &Gabe ;)
drop it like its hot
“: We need Latos to dominate tonight. 7 or 8 innings would be sufficient. Chap can handle the rest. #MustWinGameInMay”
Yeah ik (; He loves us <3
I wonder why they don't eat them, they're like mangos.
sum one made this for u guys and it's so cute plz watch it and post it
we hoopin tomm at 4pm up pitt if u free... good runs too
U too love!
Unless u r gay.
I like it. RT New Thing: the combo of beer and wings will be called "bwings." This is going to be huge, right? Right?
thanks for following
GET IT TOGETHER #KNICKS!
Huge fan of you and all of .Good lookin out! I LOVE YOUR MUSIC!! #WerkMe is my Official Morning Wake Up Track!
Playing at Pete's Tavern in Cleveland Hts. 2night. No cover. 9-1am. Cheap booze and honkin surf music.
It's in Louisville, that's why I know about it. haha
Driving to Hilton Head
Was at worl & missed it! Will watch it on sprint tv 2moro. : I cannot WAIT for Revenge tonight!"
'Crisis' is a cool word for something that is not as cool.
Go bathe with a toaster.
GOOD SO DNT ASK FOR NOMORE CANDY
": CAN'T WAIT TO START GOING TO THE PIRATES GAMES <3" cough cough :))
i miss you...a lot.
done. We're also on a 106 Draw Something streak, sitting next to each other.
It's all about ME, baby. And the dog. MOL!!! Just wittle ol' me. I don't have to share my Barbies. I'm good. :o)
I smell moisture in the air! Ahh...
Camas High alumna takes on Indian water pollution - The Columbian
Yea, "Indian Human hair". But increasingly i wonder if what they label as human hair or even "yak" hair is really that
Enjoy your weekend!
sounds like a very hairy adventure.
Good luck to our partners for tonight's #NFLDraft. We can't wait to see the pick come off at #28!
RSVP: Sentinel Pictures
Welcome to our team ! John joins us as our new tourism manager.
awesome! Super busy but loving it, it's so hot today haha you?
Downing me and.shit.man.people so fucked up
err, rather on Wed. whatever day it is ;)
“: Oh, you're getting a white iPhone? Why don't you get the black one? It runs faster.”
your not supposed to eat food anyway on fridays! You drink beer!
You poor man! I feel ur pain RT : Being read to from a ppt at 9 am on a Sat morning may constitute cruel and unusual punishment
when doing high volumes of displays my philosophy is keep it simple & keep it stocked. Do pretty & more creative ones quarterly.
U Cant Compare Me 2 U Cuz R Life Aint Da Same......
- You're kidding, right?
oh well so who wants candy
Start taking pictures of your meal at the Daily! Person who shares the most pictures wins a $50 gift certificate!
Quick Fact: Actor/Comedian Bill Murry was once considered to play the role of Batman.
has the best interviews period!!
Good morning SteadyS have a bless day!
It's sad how ppl try to live YOUR LIFE for you!!!
there is a waiting period for brooks brothers suits, alterations usually take about a week there
Can't wait for my bruh to slide thru
follow the
Portland trivia for the day. The OCC was the first convention center to receive LEED certification. True or false?
I confess too that, w/ hefty carpool commitments, my family often was nowhere near a dictionary, so mom just told us the meaning.
all these sports tweet<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
So we wrapped up Uprise Festival...great show by all the artist both days!!! Most importantly you could feel God's presence....priceless:)
IKR!!! Mann I don't wanna be trapped inside my house wit no fat food -,-
Delicious and beautiful. Call today for a custom flower candy basket!!!
Who knew playing scrabble,with his sister, then I-Hop just chilling and talking with him and my mom and weird bro could be so much fun?! :)
“: VICTORIA SAID UR A ASSWIPE” WHAT WHY, WHY WHAT IS A ASSWIPE!!!???
There was a lot to love about the scene. They had ppl stationed all along the route cheering us on. Beautiful. That's what life should b ...
ya tape done how many jams u doin
Didn't notice the earthquake. All good here. Hope all is well out your way! :-)
I'm hoping for at least 3 pounds
thanks for being a bad ass! I DM'd you the code!
Thanks for the great advice buddy!
love when you give me head but i hate when you give me headaches = j.cole
ass ugly too!
Open source maybe the place where new standards gain some traction
Hey thx for coming in! We just launched this location and got swamped. better burgers on the way.
I sweet heart !!
It's about Damn time #Preds I mean Wtf is going on out there!!!
I just laughed out loud when a customer told me they found our website while searching through Altavista.
#FF , from whom I pilfer links at least twice a week, and -- Charles Pierce is my new favorite political essayist.
We Bring Visions To Life. Thanks Be To GOD
.us citizen 1 year anniversary.
i wanna be on that money from strangers show omg doing random shit for $1000 its SO EASY
I just want to freaken meet them
Me and were wondering the same thing too.
"Yeah man, you're in here every other day."---caffrey's bouncer, after he didn't ask for my id. #cool?
one strike was all it took
Have you used Goldstar, Groupon or other deal websites to buy arts, music, museum tix in San Diego? I'd love to interview you. (Plz RT. Thx)
So are their like 8 flag wavers for Chivas
Setting up a little photoshoot and I just realized I probably left my tripods base plate back in SD ;( darn.
We need to start the drinking game. Drink every time there is a celebrity you've never heard of. There's one.
I cant believe i only have 18 more days of highschool left
>>S/o back at cha homie!!!
awe are you not coming to my graduation?
So interesting. Also, I love that a robot just tweeted it...
I'm excited for Friday tho
Instead of asking what's wrong, try asking what could be right.
-and by our I'm thinking unconferences, DHSI-type gatherings, cross-disc. teaching opps
Will you come to St,Louis in August plzzzz for my bday i rele wanna see u sing 7 can u bring me on stage plzz plz reply <33 (;
I wish that Happy Sunday aired I miss 1n2d and what qualifes of a man :(
it was awesome seeing you!! Can't wait for the next time we see each other gonna be crazy haha
- Send drinks to yourself & friends for $1 to Chi's top bars. Then redeem the REAL drink for $1 at the bar. Dwnld the free app!
You are cool because you don't wear Nike socks and atheletic shorts everyday!
Love will find you in it's time.
Depend on yourself for your own success.
oh ok
have a blast at the meet n greet!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer32
Just heard that the girl shot in PSq passed away -- so incredibly sad...
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." #Einstein #genius RT
JUST GOT HOME FROM WORK LONGDAY SUNNYDAY JUST ENJOYING THE BEAUTY,,,,,,,
i love hiphop. :D ever heard of brad taylor? i take classes with him at competitions. :) & i might. one day. :)
#uknoyoughettowhen your bling weighs more than you do.
slow to trust but i'm quick to love.
#4famouswords I heard they talk
case in point, the occasional disdain for the new materialists.
Hate being sick.
yes, we are a separate event. Great Lakes is still in planning I believe. You may want to ask
Anybody ever tell you that you look just like Damien Echols??
keeping it real take notes lady's this women knows what she is speaking and it ain't the BS I read from most these lady's ;)
well. I think the has some great spots right inside! Ask the front desk for those details.
thanks for the RT!
Very cool. Well-deserved congratulations!!
if u could dm me I have a question about one of my former students there
My 4-yr old was very impressed with my rendition of Kool & The Gang's "Celebration"
I'm single... Again. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> -Maria
forever unnoticed by sigh
Yay! Glad to hear it!
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter! Follow me!:)
umm i a boy. this just go awkward
I got the ustream up yall who goin tune in to the first ep. Of the jones tv
Yup, grizzly bear even…or maybe wolverine.
My opinion = invested users will always beat financial investment. Just hope this doesn't change the user base/technology
updating my profile on twitter
Thanks for tip, will have to see if any of my stores carry. Have ant prob every summer, won't use chemicals around my cats.
Chya of course should win Song of the Year for "Rolling in the Deep!" woo
Bring on the sweatpants!
#ireallywant some ice cream. yum.
I just posted a well deserved, glowing review of #WinningTheCustomer on Amazon. It's a great book, Lou!
who wants to be a co-owner on this account??? tweet me
Well my bracket is blown to H-E-Double hockey sticks! Didn't see MO going down. What's next march madness?
Very last session! Creating communities of museum learning professionals. Great for EMPAC training!
Must be Friday, is listening to Bust a Move by Young MC. I still know all the words.
Taking more stokes off my game than I could ever imagine!
i believe they do this discretely with their mobil device
There's still time to get tickets to Sat and Sun (Oct. 1 and 2) dance performance by Alban Elved Dance Co. For tickets, www.secca.org
#detroit #jobs UG Designers with automotive experience! Send your resumes to !
Depends. Do you have experience with other languages? Start with Python or Ruby. A Java course sounds good though.
Do you Bust Wigs?? We're looking for certified Wig Busters to blog for our site!
“: They'll never admit it, but #LakerNation is nervous tonight! And the Lakers would be dumb to fire Mike Brown. DUMB”
Great as usual -- about 20 showed up for an evening presentation near the crunch time of the semester: I was impressed!
Pain pain go away; do not come another day! :( greatful I'm alive!
I love this video. I still can't remember the name of that guitar.
#MDSParentLectureSeries how can you support their struggle?
I love $1 Sausage McMuffins. Thanks
lol we probly will end skewl after you still tho cuz they always have like a million snow days=/
Do many fun things to go this weekend in Cincinnati.....The City Flea, Pop up Shop on Main, Asian Food Fest, Weston Art Gallery party!
Angelina Jolie has the knees of a math club dweeb
Thanks, Bud!
I LOVE IT!!! i still have my millennium cd :)
as a soccer fan in KC, thank you for showing Man Utd and Arsenal match this morning
I feel you! Who are you riding with?
Harrison: Brady 'skirt' comment a joke
Awesome thanks for the quick response!
Quit sending me these things that say" people are saying bad things about you." shit. It's gay.
If I were at the game, I'd try to get an "Eat the Clock! Eat the Clock!" chant going.
soo I loved sleeping with baby, & Waking up next to him ;* yeeeaaah, good morning!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!
God bless all of my new and old friends
Imagine America without conception.
that's so great
Desk are so uncomfortable. But at this point, ill sleep on anything.
that seems to be a great evaluation tool, though! I hadn't seen it--thanks!
she has both most likely plays xbox i have proof cause she talked about halo in a interview and chris has xbox she has both
Hey buddy, I needed you today.
GO FOLLOW ==> and she will follow back EVERYONE!
Just wanted to say i fucking hate you. (:
Headed back "home" again to LA on Dec 8 :-) Working on exciting new projects for 2011.
Youll get used to it maybe lol
Anecdote about the killer writer : If you go out to eat with him, he will order a bowl of whipped cream. And he shares!
I feel like Usher comes out with the same "new song" every 6 months.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 5
Plaza's no way to experience Istanbul. Plus, you can't counsel me with that poor wi-fi. We need to fix both :-)
A good apology has three parts: 1. I’m sorry, 2. It’s my fault, 3. What can I do to make it right? Unknown
Sleep was definitely better than finishing that essay. Thanks Daddy.
RT : nice seeing you at - hope you enjoyed the slice. :)
Frank Ocean is a beast makin quality slow jams, the dude's legit
Also found a giant chartreuse/tangerine abstract oil for $2, naturally husband thinks it's hideous. I'm all about semi-ugly paintings.
just tweet me and I'll give you status
Nigh-nigh, gwyn~~
as being an independent artist... its always best to stay that way...
Nicole asked when you are angry at God how is that being acted out..God is able to minister to us from His own wounds...He loves us
Come on Giants!!! You can do this
Have a Super Saturday
You make me really freaking sad right now. You say you want to hangout...but you won't even reply to my text<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I suppose that deserves... a thank you?
Well now I definitely have to because I got the tweet from the one and only Annie Mac!
My room is a mess.. :s
I Love Rap music.
Would you be available to do shows for a catering company that has shows worldwide??? Proms, weddings, backyard bbq's, etc. etc.?
It's definitely too quiet in this house tonight!
Come in and get FIERCE TODAY AT SMASHIN' LASHES Couture Eye Studio.It's FIERCE FRIDAY 21621 8mie Detroit MI near the Northland Skating Rink
What Makes 1D Beautiful
It's too bad that the full numerical value of pi is more than 140 characters or I would tweet it…
'Double-Wide Drag Queen' is great. If I had a band, that's what I'd name it.
On Feb 13 #ICA will perform Beethoven’s Trio 4 Clarinet, Cello & Piano, the famous “Gassenhauer” Trio, meaning trio based on a popular song.
already confirmed!!!! can't wait to see you guys :D
It's official! Not like we're not here every week anyway. :)
Michael Ken concert Fri only $5. Bring chair or blanket. Food from Will & Pop's, Natty Greene's beer & of course, estate grown Grove wine.
“: Chris Christie says Wisconsin is the center of the American political universe. Let's explode all their little minds.”
Our Pleasure! “: Thanks for the follow! Definitely need to make a #twittervation to check out your restaurant!”
Good morning Twitter.
Wanna see the real change look in your mind.... -Lupe
Can not believe some of the stories in s book....can't put it down
or use the money oak n buy all the tickets lol
..listening to song Bewitched..i <U+2665> it muchly :)
I'm a big Jerusalem fan. Love him in the Niebelungen Ring.
I feels bro... I love everything electronic! I've been practicing in FL Studio.
Spectre SL...give me Chain Head Shot
Uh-oh.
“When you're safe at home you wish you were having an adventure; when you're having an adventure you wish you were safe at home”
Bahaha. Well someone has got to keep this relationship unpredictable. It's sent and sitting pretty in your inbox.
We can't wait to see uou all! : Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
Pickup Line: Wanna ride? i got a truck and a box of condoms.
you rocked those heels.
I know so.
oh no
Oh and who am I not following back? So I can do that whole follow back thing
yes it is LoL
Haha, I see!
Find us -- w/ & Hussey RT : About to see the presentations for the redevelopment of Navy Pier at
A new study finds 1 in 5 adults have a mental illness. I better check with my 4 imaginary friends to see if any of them are sick in the head
Happy New Year to everyone
The coming days we are Berlin. Come and find out more about our adaptive e-Learning possibilties.
I'll take it RT : #Chicago long term weather forecast says #March will be warmer then usual but a wet month.
fuckin up bro...
I just changed my own spark plugs and my car started/didn't explode afterward.
good luck containing the sugar rush you are about to encounter from him in T-minus 20. Lol
I love you.
the rich once bought racehorses now they buy presidential candidates.
Had a blast at the Tailgate Tundra Zone at Lambeau yesterday! We REALLY would have been much happier with a Packer win though :(
needs to come out with a video game
you chill
Thank you RT : Thanks for happy thoughts and #FFs from
: when you find them, name your price!!! Lol! :)
Trying to grab dinner with Spokane friends directly across the street from where PAX is taking place.. Not the best idea I've ever had.
IS there such a thing as a job that is both fulfilling and mentally stimulating AND which can be left at work at the end of the work day?
Rain is on its way <U+2614><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
Clearly you must heckle, loudly and coherently.
Mindless behavior has been surpassd by 1d! Oh 2 bad
Or BTO (Brewers Time Off)
Nothing like starting your birthday with a nightmare about being attacked by a moose.
Are there people that make careers out of night AEing? If so, I am most definitely NOT one of them.
Josh Billings~ Laughing is the sensation of feeling good all over and showing it principally in one spot.
If You A Real Hustler..You Know Its More Ways To Get..Money Without Selling...
One of my all time favorites.
also i would like to chat about when you follow you get a message saying i'm a STUD? come on! ;>
I hear ya bro
Harris county gold card 2011 | Sharing Reviews &amp; Advices
- tryna get up outta here !
good point! another thought: don't remodel--you may never be able to get the TV out.
There's only one way to cope with 5 days of rainy, gray, flooding streets: So. Much. Coffee. En route to latte
could be doing lots of worse things to your neighbors!
Andre miller..get a fade or something
better yet what if Dj Khaled did the ring announcements for boxing matches.
I read tweets all the time and don't tweet enough. Too much pressure.
How don't you have one :O
I know you'll always be there no matter what. Even if the whole world walks away ~
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #PROUDDIRECTIONER <3
I need a bitch to fuck .
I still want an autographed playboy...just tell me when and where.
Thanks Pat! Glad to hear that coming from a guru like you.
building this device may have been to big for the eyes for my summer pet project, gotta get my embedded programming skills up
Game time: 7pm this Friday at Stone Stadium in Columbia, SC. We're playing the Gamecocks. This Longhorn team is pumped! #TexasFight!
What's the plan tonight im done wit class at 430
Yep, and good night Honolulu.
No probs! Just wondering how *every single one* of my friends kept getting quoted in stories ha.
Happy is always good! :)
How often are you getting them checked out? any major sunburns in your past?
RT : JJ Sullivan, Lorrie Moore, Geoff Dyer, Rowan Ricardo Phillips, Seidel, Ellis, more: 's 200th issue...
I just listened to your music! I love it! You have a great voice!
It's a cool writer's school where you get to shoot guns and do car chases and arrest other writers and stuff. I wanna go, Mom!
If you go to bingas than I probably hate you
My Friday night!
oh I am, on some level here
I can already tell this is going to be a long day I am so frusterated
#lookingforwardtotheweekend omg how tiring is to wake up at 6 am every day.
no problem :) .. And. Just to rub it in HER face you are B.E.A.U.T.F.U.L :). I'm smart like that lol just kidding :))
RT: Celebrating Women's History! founder Dorothy Maynor sang at 2 presidential inaugurations: Truman & Eisenhower
Hey girl !!!!!!! Your Beautiful
#IAlwaysThink of u till I remember our past and wonder Wat I did rong
Yes he should. Although I do blame 's live blog from distracting me from an unrelated writing project.
Sexually frustrated smh
#citysoul Good idea! #np column in bus. section of the #LAT. will look into it!
aw i know miss you ! We better be having a photoshoot with with your profesh camera :* hahahaha
“: gah, blackout restrictions, you are my mortal enemy!” same here in chicago :(
It pisses me off when people talk bad about you to me and then the next day your there best friend. I could go all day about this
When suffering burnout with the task at hand, is it better to jump start and keep going, or let the whole thing go up in smoke?
I don't know about Krav Maga, but have fun! I know A LOT of guys that love it, but chose Capoeria cuz it's non-contact. :-)
Why are girls getting so wet over The Hunger Games?
And if you're voting GOP no matter what tonight-- I do remember how that feels, and I didn't watch the debate to hate you better. Peace.
They alighted on the floor, quite unashamed of themselves, and the youngest one had already forgotten his home
thanks uncle sam!!
yup. You should have a Podcast Tumblr so that each episode has links to things you've referenced.
No hacky sack...have to use a bottle
:( at least I get to tell everyone about the awesome artist that painted them.
Sherlock = radio silence.
Well you ain't met a true Burger Boy. Well you met one, just ain't never had one. Haha.
#HappyBirthdayLangston Hughes. The literary love of my life!
Magic City? I'll have to look into it ... Happily watching Tea Leaves right now (mad men.) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Insomnia is a bitch. Any tips on getting to sleep?
solution until #Chicago gets its sports act together become honorary #Wisconsin #cheesehead You like #cheese anyways
follow y'all..Xx follow back? :)<U+2665>
"Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. " Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
So jealous! Seeing albatrosses in the wild is at the top of my travel wishlist. The very top.
Dam bro that sucked, I was expecting alot more outta you. You were in like 2 sketches. You need to put that 100 lbs back on Son!!
-Saving you 1111 tweet for
SMH at OKC fans. Leaving early? Really?
Thanks for the shoutouts bro if you can keep them coming and have other people too I am trying to get more fans for my music.
Watchin a superhero movie marathon on the movie channels today with my man :) Thor, Green Lantern, Iron Man 2
We'll be hanging here all weekend while we're at The Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth!
we'll discuss once I can piece myself together.
Up early,couldn't sleep. Excited and nervous about todays game. God doesnt make mistakes though, thats why will win
RT Made over 10k in 3 months selling items from here on Craigslist. New site, no people. Bid at 3 seconds! www.barginbids.us
wait...I thought it was "research. Woo."
I can go for a long time without food but
glad Karen made it through all 8 seasons, she's 1 of the non main chars to make it but it's sad that she's gonna die D:
I have no idea but your thoughts sometimes ... Lol I be like why is he thinking of such weird things
The nicole video gone be nutts
funny people >>>
Enjoying #miniCONAN with the Big Aristotle.
Just spend all day on a Windows 2000 computer, so the fonts and resolution of my Mac are freaking me out.
Who's got a truck in St Paul and is headed to ? I need a ride to & Old 97s!
Professor answer: "to endure and grow"
Why is Molly Weasley trending on Twitter?
I am going to do that tomorrow, lol
that's what I wa talking about.. Lol!!! I got to zipp it and load it up .. Lol!!
Congrat on your 1st gm as closer! MT "Now that I'm the closer...I feel like I have to start tweeting more often..."
Kobe has got it going tonight
Get your order in now We have sold out of ReHeat and Eat BBQ the last two weeks going to be making more this weekend
Definitely! I need more Soave soon.
wish we were at the Wolse x
": When Mcdonalds fucks up my order <<<<"
#chopped New dude judge is a douche
Imma hurt that lil bastard if thats the last thing i do
Based on their obvious orange skin and too much makeup, I'd say that Jersey Shore is coming to TM
Dave that is indeed dope
bye idiot
MoBettaMondayz Sold Out Last Nite Frm Showroom, Sidewalk, Parkin Lot, Bar, Even Alleyway Bring Heat
Kinetic Playground 1113 W. Lawrence
looking forward to brunch this morning with my two favorite ppl!
I have Moonlight Sonata stuck in my head. It's like my brain is waterboarding me.
bo frank
Yeah, I know. Which makes me more inclined to try to be social and go. The great thing about the internets is I don't have to be.
Whoo Hoo! Hope you book it!
Yay and God said let there be light! Power is back on
Night night Cain! TKO Dos Santos
2 HRs given up by Marcum already...what happened? I thought we were supposed to have a good pitching staff. :(
He compares POORLY. Higher #s in all the key metrics means worse performance.
My life is good, my bitch is bad
2 East Austin Shows today: 3:45 at Uncorked and 6:30 at East Avenue Lounge
I'm writing my rankings right now
Back to reality watching my girls #softball #tournament! #nothinglike home
I'd kill to face OKC instead of San Antonio RT : okc is going to beat your ass..and the universe will rejoice.
there's not enough room for regret in my life.
lol only children from Stevens
YEA OF COURSE I MISS WE HAVENT TALKED IN A GROUP IN A LONG TIME AND GOOD LOL <3
“: No one ever talks to me on here ..... it's cool, fuck y'all anyways.” hi ash! :-p
Wine 101... an event series coming soon to L'Albatros Brasserie.
check out my recent sets on <U+2665> some include special Celebrities!
it is quite something! Think I'm still recovering LOL ;)
gave me a strong foundation of knowledge, faith, and friendship. Great times are ahead of you at CalLu!
Allen: TDCJ self-eval for sunset review didn't even mention Windham schools, set up to educate inmates for future employability.
the only reason I don't like them.
They are playing Omar Khorshid at now. Belly dance surf rock in Highland Park!
Timing is everything! "And when power ballads come back, we'll get big hair again. " - Jerry Cantrell
That's your dagger Atlanta! Maybe next year!
I just want to create a #%$^ YouTube channel, not a new Google Circle account linked to my cell phone. AAAHHHHHRRRGGG.
I'm a voodoo child.
Miami Dolphins 2012 NFL Draft: Jeff Ireland, You Did It
You're sexy as fuck.
Exactly. And some of us naturally turn into pumpkins well before midnight. Glass slippers are uncomfortable even with a prince.
haha it has been a crazy trip :-)
Morrow's looking deadly...Think Snyder should have stayed in LF to start..but great spring. The countdown begins
Me and dave are gonna look freakin fresh for prom
Yeah, but I can see you as a symbiotic combination of the two.
Today 1845: Wisconsin adopts "free" education for its residents, the measure narrowly passed the legislature.
thanks to and for the feedback on my "table debate". Have a great rest of the week.
shes damn mine on my damn time
#PENFest12's Opening (to)Night! Dance to words, read to music with Kronos Quartet, Kushner, Jebreal & Satrapi
lol fuck u! That's how I look now lol
maybe throw the Islanders in there for good measure?
"Stop looking for miss 'right' and start looking for miss 'will do for now'" Good advice dad
- I know, his face looks different. At first, I had to give him a double take because he didn't really look like himself.
hmm, who knows
I the administrator, made an object today, I love working in wood and anything around me. Making something from nothing__
When can a brotha get a copy of the movie pilot?
: --- Tomorrow is a day off then back to the fight.And I'm staking the Jap again --- Staking the Jap ???? Who's the Jap?
Heard the convo went well. Thank you for taking the time.
i loaded it- thank you! it's posted already!
already on it (;
I never know if I can trust Did he and Ben Garant REALLY tour as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
The sound of rain on my roof >>>
if you find one- please share!
Come on heats!!
I guess that's what I get for not staying with the Bucs game.
Just watched that ep. WTF? Also, awesome.
And this class needs to end so I can get on that Supremes flow.
Carmen Tafolla named the first poet laureate of San Antonio while simultaneously banned in Arizona.
Well then...guess that's the end of that
a very merry unbirthday to you!
yw, enjoyed the interview.
believe it !!!
Why is it that we follow others? Is it that u just want to be accepted by someone or what, u tell me!!!
When do you think you will expand to Europe? So want to use your product for my business!
I'll be happy to answer any questions re: VA loans for Vegas props!
Payton and I obviously have too much time on our hands.
wow, I forgot just how much I love teaching
And Evan Turner, you even think about touching one of my Bulls and you will not get out of Chicago safely. Love, the entire city.
Thanks for having at #colab2012. We made great connections that we can't wait to develop.
Nighty-night, peeps. I'm one tired puppy. Catch y'all on the flip side.
After all your promotions and your record is on the shelf or on line do you want it to chart on Billboard or Soundscan?
MIDI. So much of interesting data can be culled from basic pitch, note on/off, and velocity values.
Good night guys. Big day tomorrow.
"We dislike chaos and like order--not regimented order, but order with texture and variation."
Today is take your kid to work day, then you'll have an excuse for not getting anything done, does anyone really do this? 978-1023
If you don't have company or a package coming, don't answer the doorbell
shit just got real man!
A well spent day brings happy sleep & a life well spent brings happy death
Beautiful day in the Pacific Northwest. Not a cloud in sight in Seattle. Welcome Summer!
Thanks. Nice to meet you. My last tweet was meant for your employers...
"A Trip Down...." accepted to the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Fest, 12/14-12/16/2010. Program w/Schedule coming soon....
When that happens, I go to the front, tell the officer, & get escorted to the front of the line. #douchemove maybe but necessary
I kind of hate "geek culture" lately and I'm glad it's becoming mainstream so I don't have to call myself a geek to signal my interests.
Lol I was typing when it came through, and I decided to send anyways. Ah, social media your speed vexes me so.
“: Tonight is turning out to be pretty awesome. Yes!!” More than awesome!
RT if you abbreviate words too much and your parents can never understand you. Lol
Where do I sign?!
you supply your own hair and hair is included regular size 175 called batik
nothing much
find things for me!
Join us tonight for the Chrys Page Trio in our Black Diamond Lounge! 6:30p-9:30p
#BandsILove Black Veil Brides, Asking Alexandria, Abandon All Ships, A Day To Remember, Never Shout Never, Wellington, Paramore
Stevie TV premieres tonight on VH1!
You lost me at "SDLC"
I just saw the score when it was 19-4. You could accidentally score more points than that.
Mariano Rivera = Legend You have NEVER let us down.
Two locals earn spots in latest Campbell/ITA rankings: Kellen Damico of Parker, CO (Texas) #49 and Enej Bonin (Denver) #65. DU men at
Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it's done right. -Walt Disney
I followed you :)
At the Blazers game with my fam....
That is fine. I hope you can make it to the next one. Also I will check out the link. Thanks!
Nice work!
At an elem school in MD reading Rooster to 5th graders. The kids r singing the blues for me. Its a hoot!
Amazing to see these towering thunderclouds shoot into the sky--north, east & west of the metro.
everyone stoked for tee talk tonight!?
Trying to c if gonna follow me back she was at first bt i dnt know what happen
Except for legislative salaries and per-diem.
“: Getting dressed to hit the street...#Fine&aHalf #LongHairDontCare” <-- Get it girl!
Dont hate what your not ;)
Does anyone have a roommate that is doing foreign exchange for Fall Term and/or Winter term that I could possibly occupy? Let me know thanks
I said to my wife during that ep, wouldn't it be great if the series ended with some sort of Greendale apocalypse?
Healthcare costs in America from obesity are $147 BILLION/year...what are you doing to change that number?!
I love when people say 'Girl Bye' with a serious face<U+2661>
Yeeah. Someone help me remember tonight tomorrow
She make me fuckin sick
Not really feeling school today...
That Hailee Steinfeld is cute as a button.
What's happening people??
Happy #EcoMonday everyone!!! We hope you all enjoyed your Thanksgiving over the weekend.
so you haven't got a ticket yet??
Funny they never undertook a study of poor sanitation at Hi-Lo.
Yabookbridges, you should have stopped me. The last time I bit someone was in second grade
Amber Portwood -- New Mug Shot's On the Blink
I know, just doesn't feel right.
What's your "go to" ingredient?
Tax deadline day. Just FYI cc
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”<U+2015>Mae West
We're excited too for the release of #pussinboots. Are you a big fan of the #shrek movies?
hang in there bruh - maybe that job wasn't meant for you - check out the blog: www.JobHuntsman.WordPress.com
Gotta a little run going keep on playing D and running
I think I'm too old to understand hipsters. Anyone old enough to be teased in the late 80s/early 90s for their giant plastic glasses may be
I've never been more happy to see beechnut
Welcome to the Final Four, Kansas.
Hot day today in Orlando FlORIDA havin a good time in Daytona beach Wanna get a tan but im good rightnow
Still in traffic
Fun times in Tallahassee w/ & Steve Wilson. Great concert tonight!!!! Inside Straight babe!!!!
Survived my first personal training session today despite feeling under the weather and having a sore arm from a tetanus shot.
Whoever scheduled a Monday morning Europe conf call is a Scheiss Vogel … oh, wait. That would be me!
I hate it when you lose stuff especially a pet
#Watching Steve Wilkos and these sick ass people molesting kids and shit they should die.
Great job, Greeny and Anna !
your handwriting looks like you drawing a picture of a monkey in a tree with some coconuts
I love Lowes.
It's very different from London too. I love it here.
That's 30 minutes of my life I can never get back - but intrigued to see what happens next
lol will do.
Thanks - we will miss you!
I love training NEW MAKEUP ARTISTS! and learning from them!
Which conservatory? and which competition?!!! youare really good!
you inspire me for you awesome writing and creative ideas!
Busy Fri responding to all my wonderful twitter friends! How are you big L?
dang slow #cousin moment lol
Theres some white guy with dreams of being a gangster on the bus and he defs has a sparkly icecream cone necklace.
Who is going to Detroit for the one direction cancert?
...wouldn't do these things (essentially land grabs) if there were negative publicity associated w/ them.
downloaded canabalt for the iPhone yesterday -- obsessed with it. nice work, ! what a terrific little game
All dressed & ready for the night. Lets Go! !
I laugh at some of the people that wish me a happy birthday on facebook. I have never talked to some people
Got the Pi Nu scholarship! :D
Ditch the dives & party in style here! We don't do draft specials. We have handcrafting your #cocktails!
You probably can't count that high. ZING. RT I should start keeping a tally of all the girls who defriend me on facebook
I'm gonna throw a sandwich at my mom when she gets home
This snow's not even cold...it's trick snow.
Get in your twitter questions for We'll answer the best ones live on air. Plenty to talk about tonight.
LOL those the best ones! Just remember when u have 1 it will be bad to lol!
yay! great to hear!
Sorry... I know how I feel when things catch up to me so I hope your day/week gets better... :|
:D When?!! RT: #LoudTourDVD: Can't wait!!!
Nice! Make sure you always watch through the end credits.
Heading down to to see Ryan Preece, zoke, put up the new
u have a lot of fans :) just cause 2 girls don't know u is ok. U have a lot of proletariat that know u! And love u!!!
She also screamed every time he rainbow disappeared and reappeared behind buildings. What can I say? She liked rainbows.
#Browns fans out there - happy with the trade to #3 and Trent Richardson?
it is. :) I don't normally have all my clothes n hats out though just for a pic contest.
NBC's Super Bowl stream will let viewers choose camera angles. I'm going with the extreme wide shot for Madonna at halftime.
RT : Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginningof love. - Mother Teresa
I didn't tweet a lot today..
You got your boys bitch ! ": Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'("
Yeah, though the irony is that the JG books have more roundly made good movies. Some JI + SK movies have been great. Most meh.
just tore that up on #thevoice. Way to go man!
forgot taking my headphones to the gym, most unfulfilling work out ever
In search of Children's book illustrators - please DM me with contact info and url to see work. Thnx.
Welcome back from maternity leave, Annie Mares! We've missed you and have lots of flowcharts to give you as a welcome back present. ;-)
let's go thrifting
Imagine still being IN Minnesota, we're drowning in mudnsludge now that its above 30 degrees! Eww.
happy birthday
I've looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself, if today was the last day of my life, would I do what I'm about to do today? SJobs
wining and dining, drinking and driving, excessive buying, overdose, dying
CASABLANCA with my favorite Sam.
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Join us htis morning for Group Reformer at 8, Mat Class at 8:30, or PULSE at 9:30, 10:30.
no its not cool hhaa
In other words- through Faith I saw myself as a nonsmoker (Proverbs 23:7 For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he) Continued next tweet
One 8% incline mile at 3mph. No time for two - gotta get going this morning!
Or keyboards. But it's difficult to stab someone with a keyboard or race car. Now a bicycle has stabby parts... & a pencil...
One problem is when people equate tablets with iPads. PC tablets and flexible keyboards=fewer parts to break than a laptop.
i get mine may 30 @ noon
#Thiswomenwants a good relationship with no fights and arguments .
DYK? Clara McLaughlin - First black woman to own and operate a t.v. station was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
The Wallflowers
amazing! they wont fit me but i am ready to buy a few pairs
If you might be interested in taking classes just comment below or send an e-mail message to !
I like this guy Lindstrom already. He wears number 27.
C'mon Hawks!!
shout me out, Ill shout you back!
"Put that in your pipe and smoke it."-Dowager Countess
Shaking my first and cursing: "Lenovoooooo!"
Turns out filmmaking can help you lose weight! Who knew you'd get thin if you stopped eating, sleeping, and sitting on your ass 18 hrs/day?
I'M GOOD(: HOW BOUT YOU?
Just now remembering that in the midst of my fadedness last night I rolled down a hill and ran into a forest whilst yelling at nature
Who has two thumbs and a deep vein thrombosis? The painkillers were helpful for hockey tonight too.
Why am I completely unsurprised that isn't contributing a single pixel to the anti-SOPA movement today?
trying to figure out how to frame digestion in cultural terms.
Brandon!! you rock. thanks!!! :)
ugh fuck everybody, when I mean everybody I literally mean EVERYBODY.
Typically, when the pancreas is unable to manufacture sufficient amounts of insulin, diabetes can occur
The awesome moment when you're texting your friend whos sitting right across from you and you're in talking distance
#bELIeve: I follow and I am #allin for the Super Bowl!
you should have called me! I would have ran it over! Walking deliveries are no problem!
Cards now have two players in top five in RBI, which is amazing when you think about it.
Another benefit of taking the day off to eat donuts? Plenty of time for an afternoon run!
Last night was amazing. VMA's and then after party with some of my greatest friends. Im so #blessed <3
we have always been at war with oceania!
Why you over here? Where you come from? What sport you play? O.o
I want to see the Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry documentary. Should be a good way to know about
Resident Weevil
RT : WILD WILD WEST Caught story on this evening, featured was many plus ..as a local designer fascinating!
me too, let's do it
Well, not entirely like that; but I write about sports in my spare time, so it's what I do here mostly.
Was told to arrive at 6:30 for 7 am appt. Still waiting for someone else to show up. Ever get the feeling someone's playing a trick on you?
#YouKnowYoureFromBostonWhen You know exactly who Bill Buckner is, what he did, and not to bring it up. Even if you weren't born yet..
Onto lunch-out #4 this week, four days in a row! This is what I do when there's really no way to take a day off. :)
So sad :( RT : BREAKING: Mentor Russell Simmons says Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys has died at age 47; had battled cancer.
RT : RT We are really excited about Raggs coming to NYC on July 6 at 11:30 am on Kids Thirteen www.thirteen. ...
TF is up with that?!
damn I forgot to watch Ellen
lls ikr but its all gravy
...but after that I'll be the same age that I used to be now !
aw thanks I really appreciate the support!!
sitting here with my friend tramelle watching the everest college commercial!! hahahahah
Would love it if you'd check out/review The Inverse Delirium Podcast, a bite-sized satire of media culture. Thanky.
why I do what I do... because as much as people baffle me people (humanity) excites and stirs my passion the most!
Amazing feedback about our K A E L A: "...she was simply stunning. A treasure. Takes good direction... also she's flawless!" #gokaela!!
- "Concept of privacy will go away whether we like it or not."
Also we're way excited to see the staff homosexual.
RT : Asian Salad of Turnips & Radishes! Tasted as good as it looks! Sign up now for June 14 Cooking Class featuring......
"Ppl in local communities are ready for models to activate. Looking to solutionaries." CHECK OUT PANDOPROJECTS! That's what we do.
After years of living a block off gangland in Chicago I finally get my bike stolen, out of a secured garage in Seattle. Blargh!
We want to know what our readers want to see more of? What stories do you want to read? Exciting things planned for the mag!
Nene' back in-RT : The Denver Nuggets are turning into the walking wounded... Nene rolled his right ankle early in the 4th Qtr..
Ready for some jersey!!!!
Did you know the first newspaper in Miami-Dade County was the Juno Tropical Sun?
Subway or Clabbers Girl?
I have to admit I hate #drm and #proprietarygformats. A world where I can read my book on any #reader is a dream I hold dear.
So anxious
Everybody come out to Akt Like a Nupe in Zimmer Auditorium! Kappa Shimmy!
Just got asked if I've grown.... that question has always been the worst but at 24 its downright infuriating
so bad, huh?
Happy Birthday Chord you are the best!!! have fun in Vegas!!!! <3
I hope comes back to Miami soon. Wish I could've witnessed his presence tonight!
Lol, 's brother is cute (;
Got to say I am rooting for & CT in the finale of #battleoftheexes like too
Just you. Everyone else should have no fear. :)
#GeorgetownLaw will be CLOSED on Monday, Oct. 10, in celebration of
I don't think I've partied for St. Patrick's Day in 4 years???!! Nice to see you again!!!
Made Sprinkles brand cupcakes from Williams-Sonoma today... not totally convinced they deserve their price premium.
Some of y'all must've forgot the Spurs still in the playoffs. Don't sleep..
I WAS SO CONFUSED THIS MORNING!!!
Hello twitter peeps
Dodged paint buckets on the way to work today...
Didn't the US used to produce great goalies? Nothing good since Howard....
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
Workshops coming up next! ROI of Diversity/Inclusion in Miramar I
As a Central Austinite, I hereby deny the right of and to secede.
Finally off! Seemed like the clock wasn't moving. Gettin ready to go to NC in a few!
Hahaha there is no way favre is making it through this season!
Find a gap jorge!
yup now its nice, but not soo warm, tho :D
Stink bomb in the lunchroom = loss of appetite
check out seems pretty
Love u baby
When it comes to treating fleas on pets-read all labels & administer product according to directions-don't miss a dose.
I need boy advice. Like now.
O-Dawg first HR of season today!
I don't predict the future I don't care about the past
lol.:P ya know...banana. And uhm. Pooh bear.
:EEK At that save
This week went by fast, just the way i like it
It's about that time!!!
Back on twitter!! :D
Congrats. I had no doubts you'd be ROY!! Thanks for everything you did this year
I know :P
No one said that international shipping would be easy, did they?
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
Update! After happy hour tonight met 50 or so classmates. I've only met 6 professors though.
. Looks like there are any clips aval. from Shakti Butler's "Mirrors of Privilege: Making Whiteness Visible," see Youtube
I'd love to caddie for Zach Johnson at the 2012 AT&T Pebble Beach Pro Am #attcaddiecall !
Cross the street when ever they feel like it without looking
Just read your tweet. Seeing the nine is going to take a lot of getting used to after reading so much "We want 8."
Jet Set Fridays tonight it's Las Vegas's Most Talented !
Next year should be even better RT We have post traumatic Tour disorder!
that would probably be a good idea. Haha -Karen
Oh look, a PR guy is creating an award to give to himself.
Thank you Arin
Eddie Pepitone goes first! He's talking about an intense conflict with a neighbor RT who went first
duke, Kansas, Ohio St and Wisconsin
Priming the projectors. 2 more days!
Hex Dispensers RULE!
gotta be a better way
batting cages? Yes please.
Free concert in our Rotunda tomorrow night at 8! UCLA jazz studies students will perform music by a variety of jazz legends. Don't miss it.
Also today is National Bagel and Lox day. That one I know how to celebrate!
welcome back to NYC come visit me rt =) “: Hoping this flight has wifi!!!! #nycbound”
Why do humans have to wash their hair every day but dogs hair get touched all day and they rarely get washed? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Wow! If you're able, check out Mt. Hood right now - it's so clear out it's breathtaking
thanks so much Fred.
Dream on..
#tam8 Yeah! I got Science or Fiction right!
LMFAO I SAW THAT
I want the clippers to beat memphis .
On a webinar with the United States Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration for SGA/DF PY-11-03 Panel Orientation
So sad there's just one day left @ #SXSW for me. Heading back to #DC tomorrow but I'll definitely be back soon #ATX!
Greatest Playoff comeback ever? Maybe...but #Blazers Gm. 4 comeback from 23 down was impressive too.
We got the Lions in the Super Bowl Next Year
I want to see Napoli walk it off he really needs/deserves it
I caught Luke Bryan's pick!!!
On a side note, I'm officially an underwear model.
#liesthatalwaysworked "I'll give you half now, half after you're finished."
Guy told me I have an identical swing to Dustin Johnson....I'll take it
Surprised by the sunshine this morning! Hope it lasts while I go show a house in Alexandria!
Coming up on #NBC15 @ 11...doctors keep a woman's brain from becoming damaged even after her heart stopped beating! What a story!
Thanks for the warning. Server upgrades! "Should be" up in the next 15 minutes! RT Oh no! Looks like your site is down :(
There's a wedding show in early September
Get me out of here
I say that too. We pay much more than students in other countries.it's crazy
yeah, no they are not pilots LOL. I didn't know happy hour was this early.
Your daughter's school report - hilarious. Go Charlotte!
oh crap it's troy! What is Freddy? Lol. Let's make this happen!!!
Totally unmovie related: Anyone else watching the Stanley Cup Playoffs? Great time of year!
#IdFangirlIfJustin shot me.
Ew, Tomorrow is Monday
hey jenn i love you! your videos are amazing!
I feeling goofy ..
Mortgage companies pared their payrolls by just 300 full-time employees in September, compared to 3,400 cuts the prior month
Baby it's not just me, but its you too :)
girl, you're just at Nerd 101 but you show great promise to become a Master Style Maven
i smoke good it aint thay
thanks for the mention and keeping in touch! ;-)
we are not taking on any new artist right now, but i'll check it out send to demos @ suchrecords (dot) com
just ordered new roman shades! they are soo pretty, i'm in love.
You got to interview Yael Naim, I'm so jealous
Ay man I need a graphic designed. Could you follow and dm me so I can talk business.
congratulations and thank you Jimmy
It's my pleasure; you are all outstanding hosts! Best for the week~
Where are you going?
thanks for the +K!
I gotta make it my family deserves da better things in life. U KNO IT'S RICH!!!
Are You who You were a year ago?
I want you to notice me.
wow what a life!!
I am! Given the tiny travel budget we're given (if not presenting) I have to choose carefully, but it will fit this year.
Happy Birthday You are the Best
#sourcefest Abel Lopez says he feels there's not a lot of work being written about DC.
the great is sitting here BLOWING UP your cause to tons of celebs! Great job today man, proud of u!
#ReadersAdvisory help - Audiobook with multiple narrators or a narrator who does multiple voices. Story unimportant. Suggestions? Go!
I wanna see the pictures from today! :)
exactly. Enough said.
Congrats to preseason trainee for his commitment to Belmont Abbey!
Thanks for the follow Brady Drums. You guys have some sick snare drums! Will send you Drumageddon Manhattan when it's done!
I am guessing
Any photographers who love to re-touch or edit photos?
Here with Brandon but my mouth hurts like hell fml
Happy Pi Day! Methinks I'm going to bake that apple pie I've been craving to eat lately. M.
Work training
I will do my best. If I can't go to the workshop, a beer I should be able to do.
I'm proud of U4 being dedicated 2 finishing UR thesis. Love UR icon & background! Please follow back. Thank you <U+2665>
thanks John :) Happy to see your face, even if only in my mention stream - miss you!
I love the new Seeger live album...EXCEPT,it's the worst mastering job I've ever heard.Just reprehensible.Crowd louder than Pete.
I hate thinking about somebody more than I should
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do, #barbrastreicand,
Indiana OFBCI (INOFBCI) thanks for the follow.
damn im killin in beer pong
chris just went and cried in a corner bc stephanie didnt know his name! (:
Volleyball practice w\ the uglies. and her sister and maa peeepssss.
#BYOB2011 was fabulous - says niche to get rich
Getting schedule ready for ISTE conference in Denver
We're here. This con is so much bigger than last time I was here.
I have no idea who else... My mom saw the results not me.. I was sleeping when they came out. Haha
local and working on new ideas
Bubble bath! Old times lol
I agree... Take him to hooters... Every young man should go there!
Money is merely a tool that is to be used to accomplish the greater purposes God has for our lives.
Watching #jerseyShore re-runs oh I love
Really Aaron Craft? Four fouls
did you mean to send us a message, got your tweet but no message attached
i feel so bad right now , i wanna cry )':
You're such a cool friend.
so much paaaiin
who cares.
Our pasty project has sold out! Can't wait to see all of you on Sunday! Hurrah!
... outside of putbacks off rebounds, assisted layups and wide open alley oops, Blake Griffin has very little offensive game. plus, no D.
COME ON SKINNY LOVE JUST LAST A YEAR. POUR A LITTLE SALT, WE WERE NEVER HERE. MY MY MY, MY MY MY MY MY
Omg.. Leave already!! I want to make a sandwich so get your ass out the door and on your way to school !
Has anyone had success finding talent with ?
get a pair of guie #handmade #fairtrade shoes Houston gals by contacting me at or 713-518-8406
FUCK YOU CORAL SPRINGS FLORIDA
I didn't realize how incredible it was in WI until I had to visit another state and choked on the smoke filled rooms.
For a second I thought Gene was going try to kick that ball into the stands.....
#NEW DAY, NEW OPPERTUNITIES!
Omw back to LA to get back on the grind! Audition tomorrow big meeting Tuesday #nowplaying Till I Collapse
Got an advance review copy of a book. Feelin' super legit.
wake and bake
Omg... Pucks starwars boxers
used to see it in college, people would take the bus up Bascom Hill in Madison. Stupid. Lazy.
Went to #Snooze yesterday AM with #in-laws for #breakfast. YUM! Definitely going back there this summer.
aww those are like the cutest fit for u! I dig them. And sorry about ur lip hope it gets better soon :-)
I need all of my followers to do me a favor & follow !! I will give eah and one of you a shouout! RT when you followed her!
im section 111 also
I hope Portland offers me the escape I'm looking for..
Be the change you wish to see in the world...
Since the imperfect game?
you're very welcome.
I always make it harder on whoever's coming next ~
hey B how is everything going??
i hear my brotha was AWESOME at the Roxy in LA last night!
Catching up on watching some webcasts on a rainy day
"low effort thinking" That one. You might want a second career in satire
Love Life
The truth is that Boredom is just an excuse for being lazy...
text me
f-town!! Haha that place is awesome
& 24th&meatball chefs joining is for Saturday's Parmigiano crack. Noon! Wine! Food! And Cheese! Yay
if i ever become a mountaineer i promise you'll get more than 3 slides in my lecture. (or at least more than "my vega")
Sometimes I really hate you...
About this time of the afternoon, pretty sure all historians get bored. Or punchy.
Everybody already saves time by using the tollway, these improvements will save us even more time - and the roads will be safer!
Thanks so much for the feedback. It is greatly appreciated.
Are you checking in with us on Foursquare? Each club has it's own location to check in to so make sure to earn those Gym Rat badges!
so how's everybody's night goin? lol
John "Leggs"Leguizamo is my idol. LA peeps go see GHETTo CloWN. Amazing!!!!!
and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.
If you want to live a life of significance, live your life in a way that shows those around you they are significant.
OMG & were SO awesome tonight! So great to see Kerry and Jack's story too!
seems a little unfair to have a funded vs unfunded companies competing?
Cool post! I'm challenged w/ creating an infographic that depicts Internet layers within the next week. Complex system indeed!
girl i gottchu
On my way to the airport. Goin 2 Dallas then san Antonio
Great to see you! You've come a long way! Proud of you! RT : Just was at Langham Creek High school.
Trust me.... I know for a Fact, all there is to know about You.
Piano..Country..Tables..Menu Tasting at Yellowtail with Paladare n J'me
Let us know if you are ever in Seattle!
time to put this account to work!!!
Zine launch today, 4pm-6pm, as part of in the James Gallery
It seems many of the crimes on CSI Miami take place in hotels. Very nice hotels.
I still have an ant farm, only because I like tiny produce.
Don't bother arguing. You said what you thought happened
lol I dnt really talk to anybody ya know
is full of it.
Awesome to meet you Looking forward to joining, learning and contributing to the group!
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
Anothr great day without tobacco....yet I get to keep on smoking. Seems odd when you think about it, but I dont question it.
This is my personal twitter.
I was kidding, but you know some folks would say that, right?
don't get too excited it was just a scrimmage! No opinions shall be formed regarding players until march
So, it's my birthday! That makes it okay to eat three hotdogs and a pack of peanut M&Ms between shows, right?
well I can't sleepover anyone's house bc tommorow is mothers day :(
I had fun bonding with the old upright piano today. Replaced the broken wheels with a perfect match. Then we made sweet music together.
#BullPenMafia hasn't allowed a run
“: has white hair and rides bikes.” (wait, his hair isn't pink? My spray paint must have washed out).
RT : There's a huge difference between giving up and knowing you had enough.
Oh no! Cooper just discovered the WWE. Says his friends have been telling him about John Cena.
Not sure where this went. Out of town at least one day that weekend. When were you thinking?
Shut the fuck up.
Enjoy one of NM's finest solo pianists, Bob Tate tinkling the ivories in our Black Diamond Lounge! 5:00p-9:00p
Hey #Nissan, knock it of with the stupid truck commercials.
Please make a few exceptions. :-)
call me.
Good night. Hadn't had some time with my love.
hey guys! Sorry we couldn't meet up yesterday looking forward to meeting with you soon about an event or crawl in january
I'm getting so hyphy for in Columbus June 8th. #np Play your part
That's my dude! He's amazing
Hey man, it was nice meeting and talking to you the other night at exit/in. can't wait to see you live again!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day and #MuchSuccess!
Just bought Stone Brewery's barbecue sauce! Can't wait to try... pulled pork for Memorial Day? I think so!
The Thunder look like their just starting a new season...Fresh Legs!!!
confession...katy perry radio on pandora is helping the morning hum along.
Do u have a blog on parenting or theater in the DMV area? Review one of our productions for ur blog! Message us!
Its March!! Cannot wait for some March Madness!
Still so very bummed about the cancelled Adele show last night. I sure hope the rescheduled show is on a day I can attend :( Off to bed now.
- i should have punched the lady on the bus yesterday for saying i just sit around and eat all day. it's 'cause i'm mexican :P
that would be nice...
: he probably does not want his family to think you don't like them. I bet they ask him about why you are not there.
you are and I'm not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I miss you fags ... What are you guys doing? I went down port where were you fools
Did some DJing tonight in W Hollywood played some great chill Lounge music from around the world including songs off my new Indigenous Souls
#BoiseSOC: Day Park on the Bench will be greened up this year, thanks to a donation from the Day family.
Just bought #RamonPerez' graphic novel adaptation of #JimHenson's "Tale of Sand". Such a beautiful book!!
We offer the opportunity for #fashiondesigners to take advantage of an audience of tech entrepreneurs, industry experts, investors at AF.
A Mexican guy black guy and white guy walk into a bar and the white guy says "fuck this, I'm not getting shot"
Yes, that's what I meant. You know what I mean RT : more about "compressed" than "shortened", wasn't it?
generally speaking east bernstadt pretty chaotic, hawk creek area sustained great damage to homes in laurel county
we are loving the people. It seems like all we do is meet the right people who want to help us reach our goals.
More snow today, thought this white stuff was gone for the year. Trainer time
I'm prolly being treated differently because I'm the only girl
Dyeing my step sisters hair brown when we get home !
how did I miss this one??? Lolz!!! Luv ya my Sykbro!!! <3
DO NOT Google image "poop face".
<<here is a good person to #follow i dont care if its Friday Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Weds Thursday..and RETWEET
My TL = "Morning Austin" "Morning Tyler" <3 MY FANDOM (':
Ok! We'll have it done by Thursday noon. Anytime for pick up is fine. Thank You! And IOU an email!
I guess if we had to lose, best to lose to a Chipper HR.
Aye yo Sean you mr.kingstion!
I'm surprised.
itemizers aren't sweating the delay in the forms, most itemzers aren't gett'n huge refunds anyways just try'n to survive tax obligations
Dr. Pope, DM us & we can track your phone calls from Yelp @ no charge for 60 days trial RT : Visit Maricopa Dental on Yelp!
The FCA is collecting donations for the community of Dunlow, WV ( Wayne County).
So I want to text you. But I don't have you're number. While you have mine. But then you don't text me, even though you asked for it...
IM HUNGRY
the quick green fox hopped over the boring dog.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 35
on a trial basis, lol! What do we need to do to become a must follow?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
that's awesome! pricing is very good in the cauldron
I love Life a great group. Let me know if I can help them get in world. Wish I was in your session
school is starting soon slight break......
He has me smiling from ear to ear. #Happy!
String cheese, red wine, and Revenge. Wrong, sure, but delightful.
"What you choose to think determines how young you feel. What you choose to remember determines how old you feel."
Actually, I'm beginning to question my roommate's sanity, he's the one who came up with the idea.
Sweet! Glad you got to hang out!
Mine is of you taking a massive dump, with Fergie's "London Bridge" in the background
I'll be celebrating Valentine's Day & Oregon's birthday tomorrow by taking two mid-terms.
Discere Docendo => To learn through teaching
TBH: country music makes my ears bleed, but classical music helps me study, and "THUG" music makes me happy and post witty statuses hehe:)
Enter Me @ XL950
#exonerated....now doubt brother!
I make mistakes. I hurt people. Sometimes unintentionally. I'm human and i'm still learning.
ASECS folks, stay tuned for a survey asking about your social media professional presence and interests.
Vegas StrEATs is hoppin'! Get down here now for a warm Philly cheesesteak and some great music too.
If I could speak perfectly with an accent, I'm not sure If I'd want it to be Irish or Klingon.
Writing this letter to Veto #free Veto!!!
At the Bradley Center for tonights Bucks game, dang the drive in sucked!
I still can't get theses to understand that i'm a write-in candidate, the next person that says to me "I din't see your name on my ballot
Taking 18 credits next semester, only on Mondays and Wednesdays.
looks like NC isnt the move for furthering your edu, trying my best not to pull the race/socioeconomic card on this one but how can you not?
We'd be fine with 1 million. :)
Joined another social networking site!
Sorry about your Nascar wedding dreams, gays of North Carolina.
NO!!! What am I going to do now? :(
And I couldn't help falling, and your smile didn't help matters.
Our dining room chairs arrived today. I'd like finally to welcome myself and into the world of "grown-ups."
I would like The Chili Bowl to return to Oakland Ave. in Milwaukee. I miss that place...
Dmv2u don't wait in line I go to you and process your paperwork for you 702-882-6007 Nevada only
Reading the results from analyses of various samples we collected from a small data recovery project last year. Science!!
Hearing some very deep thunder so far in southern WI. Cpl flashes of lightening
Anyones wanna talk to me? I'm super bored and not planning on going to bed anytime soon.
The "mic check" for the human mic at #occupy is a call and response for attention and permission to speak -- like "ago!" "ame!"
"Sexy and I Know It" by LMFAO. Always a favorite in my classes!
RT : We're giving away two Ugly #Christmas Sweaters tonight! Follow and RT before midnight for a chance to win!
i would! :D
Thank Goodness the morning is over. Headed soon to the South Shore Int'l NATO Youth Summit & Reception.
Interesting point regarding Different from Answers where people vote on best answer?
Writing and tracking is about 95% complete. Still a few odds and ends to finish up this week.
Economic Uncertainty To Slow Sponsorship Growth In 2012
Glad i can affect your cheeks like that. RT : My cheeks still hurt from laughing at lunch...
I drink a lot of water.
Tune in now on 88.9 FM, live from Pub. Such a big sound for one guy performing alone!
When did you stop?
what's his connection?
i dont understand?? -anna
u better unblock me before this shit get deleted.. U 14 y/o u .. U and u don't have privacy... Da choice is urs.
Buy My Ticket Tho
Artemis Fowl by Eoin Colfer: Kid Mastermind Steals Fairy Book!
Most troubling abt Trayvon Martin's case. Is that it's not even a "CASE". It's how do we justify Zimmerman to set an example
JaVale McGee just made a bucket load of money tonight.
I miss the #whitestripes right now
Sure it is.
I knew one of the best groups wouldn't fall out on some homo talk. Nice work then, they got some serious promo.
Thank you to the valiant folks in the streets of New York. There is a way to operate this country sanely ad responsibly. Lets find it tgthr!
Just discovered Digital Summer on Spotify. Counting The Hours: Great music!
Something is brewing. Won't jinx it by stating it, but please send thoughts, prayers, goat sacrifices, whatever you do to align universe.
Oh yeah and our EP is dropping soon. More details coming soon :3
Who is preforming this weekend?
Life is a kind of Chess, with struggle, competition, good and ill events. - Benjamin Franklin
The cops are gun happy here, unarmed black people killed and innocent animals. Even if they lost one of their own its bad in Austin, Chief!!
Mojolicious is just the tip of the iceberg which is the awesomeness of perl, see Dancer, Plack, Moose, Gearman, DBIx::Class, etc.
please follow me
I'm here for you if you need someone to talk to.
Say what u will... Im a belieber!
you already know:)
During a powerpoint presentation, keep your font size larger than 30pt. #cakepdx via 's 10/20/30 rule
go all the way to new jersey an meet the boyz(: IB: Madison or Mikey(:
LOTS of packed rooms for official showcases! Who'd you get to see?
I wonder how many ppl be sweatin me like they was my mainz if I was paid like jay-z
Well party peoples, my computer is not turning on and I need to recover my files- eeiikkk!!! Not givin up just yet though cuz JESUS SAVES!!
Woo!! Be careful!!! Calif's don't know how to handle rain. I'm an SD native and I still criticize rain drivers!
My prayers with out heroes and our victims. God Bless
Made some killer homemade cinnamon raisin bread
HEY MY FAMILY
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
I don't think we can drop students after the second week.
Nice lunch at City Cafe in downtown #indy today. Just a bit
Thank you casting team for rocking out our NBC House Transformers show - you are all amazing!
Hit us up with info u already kno.
oh ok cool lol...you be scarin people bro lol
In order to align more completely with your Light Self there must be a healing, a coming together for you & your inner child.
im from tx
If you only had a short time left to live, would you change anything about your life?
He made the right choice. RT Now the age old debate... Watch #GameofThrones or sleep... GoT.
redban on nootropics is alpha-brian.
When you use too many different sites to post pics you forget what you posted where. Or at least I do.
Hope I don't die at #EDCNY, ha no such thing as going "too hard"
Alot of rappers have adopted the "whatever we gotta do" mentality and forgot about making dope records in the process.
everyone is mad at this girl who got one direction<3 to preform at her bday for 12000
great OTS and deep-dive interview cases. Interested to check out www.gotomobile.com
There is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
with britney (:
Guys! This is so creepy....."DRAG" #ghostadventures (via )
Even w/ the test this morning, its been a pretty good day so far! Going home early to nap!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. Herm Albright
The people who pump me up while I'm on top, are nothin compared to the people who held me down when I was at the bottom.
A mighty tree must catch the #Pineda wind. RT We have a catcher who can catch. And hit. Where am I?
You look taller in person - - guess we all would if we jumped on board and took part in today's zany holiday - Walk on Stilts Day...
Nah..You not alone..its all about that #TeamNuggets over here..
RT KyleDZimmerman Who the hell is calling the shots at FOX? Half way money 5laps away and a commercial....
Just saw someone dressed as a Rubik's cube
Good night my little monsters
Brad Paisley just gave away his guitar to a girl in the crowd...no big deal
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: Joe's Pizza - Pizza (live updates)
Perfect. The call will come.
Trying to really LEARN how to use Twitter instead of just doing the basic tweets. There must be an easier way than all this reading! LOL!
Tomorrow's Good Friday!
Everyone in Boulder should visit Tim in the Floral Dept. at Whole Foods on Pearl. The BEST arrangements you've ever seen! Thanks Tim!
Enjoy National Pig Day with a Stinky and a Chicken sandwich, give the pigs a day off :)
i would love to know what percentage of twitter dms are not auto-generated spam. i am guessing less than 1%.
poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!"
Well not today, she wasn't with Frankie & Isaac, but i did meet her 3 times <3
Auntie Ange wants one!!
Almost there folks!What are your plans for today's #HH?
And I.meant suck.hahaha
Yeyeyey! Jesus, made you shave! Salvation!.
Conflict of interest! Never works out!
": I'm open to take measurements after 4pm today .. DM or text me ! #PARLÉBLAQUE ."
Bailey and I are off to run Christmas errands and get supplies for baking and Christmas dinner.
i did now follow me back bro ;)
I need to create myself a street team. I'm getting ready 2 TAKE OVER THE CITY
Wondered myself. “: I wonder how Gucci feels about Gucci Mane.”
Going out to the beach today. Nice and warm in Galveston, TX!
St. Patrick's Day Sales: $35 All Top Shelf or $5 more for 4.5g All Top Shelf @ Tea Pot Lounge
Since when did it become acceptable to make video Skype calls from coffee shop wifi?
Happy International Women's Day! I would not be the man I am without the motivation, passion, love, & discipline instilled in me by women!
At this lame boy house ugh he gettin on my nerves lol
Palm trees: not just a myth
RT : Samsung's Galaxy S I reveal should be exciting, but I just couldn't squeeze in more travel. I'll cover it remotely...
The errors of the #Athletics are good teachers.
Ronda & Paula Pierce or trying to do it.
need to come to Chicago !!
Matt Kemp is only slugging .856. When's that guy gunna show his real talent?!
Hello new lovelies: , , and ! Welcome to the delicious family.
Thanks for RTs, Hilton!
“: I feel like you guys hate me, heh.” no.
I'd be willing to bet that getting it in front of others will be the key to their success. It looks like a catchy program!
America ...land of the lost....
Praying that I do well on this Euro final.
No more drinking for kyle apperently
It hurts knowing you have time for every thing but not ME
I'm down to play. I should be here.
Uh oh... I think I have a case of plagiarism on my hands. meh... cheating hurts my heart.
Hold on tight, beginner's mind.
hahahaha so its like a pancake brownie cause its all spread out?! This is too much for me to handle right now
You were in Cville and didn't tell us?!
Please, please, schedule an appointment to have your pets spayed or neutered. PLEASE. :-)
One more week in Montreal! Can't believe I'll be back in the Bay in just a few days. Been too long.
just saw the Rickie Fowler mustache. can only assume he has a cameo in Super Troopers 2 with that monstrosity.
I'll take a look after I wade through the Dutch, but I'm wondering if Picasa's facial recognition tools work across accounts.
my thoughts exactly.
Forte is going to get paid $7.75 million this year. I don't feel for him at all. That is more than most people will earn in a lifetime.
Something to remember: "Happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic response." --Mildred Barthel
Lmao straight ghetto ridin to Ruby Tuesday !
At work getting it in... I gotta come off this third shift gig!
Just got in touch with some friends from way back when. How nice!!! :)
when is your exam?
thanks bro!
I need to get a pocket diary. Always forget what I'm thinking of.
IS ANYONE UP RIGHT NOW THAT WATCHED GLEE OMG MY EMOTIONS MY HEART
Wanted to get The Higher Caliber albums transferred to vinyl! Anybody know of a company that can do that?
no doubt. I'm just glad the Knicks won a playoff game lol
I didn't get Axure for the longest time. But I think I finally get it now - love the interactive part!
secrets out girl
Someone take me to red robin!
Hahahah my moms like you should try to marry Natalie she'll make a lot of money
Love it!
My family is so messed up... I wonder if it is normal lol
Just dissected a cows heart. It was so cool
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !
Now is the time where I should be getting a lot of sleep. I need a lot of sleep. But I'm not asleep. And I'm getting up in 5 hours.. Okay.
Critics Consensus: The Three Stooges Is Sometimes Funny, Sometimes Un-Soiten This weekend at the multiplex, we've got two Howards and a F
#paintthewall. I LIKE IT!
if you don't leave me the freak alone, I'm going to sick World Peace on you; he could give 250 of you a concussion at once.
Come on down! We are open until 10:30 tonight. RT : I could use some of 's Champagne Sangria right now.
all about the ligaments...
St. Xavier and Eastern have now combined for 14 runs, 14 hits, 2 HRs and 8 errors after just 4 innings. Schuette in to pitch for Eagles.
Haha I still watch Goosebumps with my 9 yr old brother and sister! I loved the books when I was little :P
Angels!!!!!! and make sure if you have a instagram your following @ torystyles
Sad Story ! Shame on you
Rumor on the street is running in the cold can get you sick. It's pretty warm inside here at Anytime Freret. Sign up and not get sick!
Wtf new York?!?
Ok I've sent DMs and tweets out the yin yang but no answer from
I need an app on my phone to connect to the douches Bluetooth driving next to me so I can fart in his ear.
Going to jump in the shower !
We are leaving on Tuesday - early :-)
oh yeah... loved that!
<3..you know i'm sensitive..you know i try to be strong. You know i try to smile...
haha that's me.
lol. No problem.
Good morning!!
Preparing to go back to school and get a degree not a certificate... Fuck ATI...
#808Pride if u wanna have a best friend make it a boy that loves to shop and has money cause u never no when u need mire shoes
Forget wardrobe, I have a major hardware malfunction. Printer has declared independence from the PC. Must quash the rebellion. No idea how.
Follow our blog.... Blog.Peasinablanket.com
I'm going to the fair txt me womann :)
lol. Don't do it Adam :) You're very strongest Victorian :)
Oh. That would be awesome. I loved Avengers. I can't believe they crammed that much stuff in cohesively and perfectly.
Fa sho I'm plug you wit this new b*tch I bumped yesterday. She's DTF all day. I'm send her your way.
Life has gotten real busy lately. I predict an unforgettable summer.
LUKE BRYAN, I LOVE YOU
Dp you know a good shop, do they have a group discount? :)
I hope my brother come through for me on this favor
But I've adjusted to the lonely bench.
If you let me, here’s what I’ll do..I’ll take care of you
i passed the pantless message to the tiny tot! she said "my bad"
Life is better without some people!
Several upcoming Us Olympians from Chicago - bring home the gold guys and gals
No offense to you guys of course. You're the sane ones. :)
A free NHRA driver autograph session will kick off the annual NHRA SummitRacing.com Nationals, April 2-5
So disappointing when looking for a beer bar in AZ and 1st ones that come up are Rock Bottom, Gordon Biersch & BJs. This needs to change.
my job rocks!!
we want #jrointhemorning !!!!
how confused are you
that's the greatest thing I've ever heard!
RT : is killing it right now! Angel on my shoulder but a devil in my head!
I'm gone be up all night.. Studying
Please follow on my new twitter
yup, we need all the votes we can get!! :D
*positive thoughts*
but you make it look good!
Gotta love a game 7
Hey give #JohnnyStellard a big hug for me! Have two good shows today
HEYY I SAW YA POST ON FACEBOOK SO FOLLOW BACK XX
Cops say all the food has to go. Givin us hard time at Northwest Occupation
This is a sincere question, not whiny kind: Why only UK and Japan get extra song(s)?
“: Happy Mothers Day To 1/2 My Graduation Class #Useprotection #happymothersday” and suddenly this girl became a bitch.
": Hey " always nice hearing from you, killa!! Jelloooooo!!
Have some new music stuff in the works.. Hate the starting over process but its finally gonna start flowing soon!
I've got a question, who the hell thinks its ok to clip their fingernails on the subway. The a-train is not your bathroom. That's disgusting
Not even a bear with a machete can stop me.
or stop drinking?.....hm, getting use to it it is!!
to resist is to piss in the wind..anyone who does will end up smelling. knowing this why do i defy? because my inner voice is yelling.
That's my boy JR Swish!
It's time! I'm looking at you. My iCal, gCal and ironic Day-Runner are open!
On #NPR Talk of the Nation today, the discussion is about #BokoHaram which is causing chaos in
good job! RT : #nstic full html version with paragraph level citability at nstic.us at 2pm TODAY
Why do you wan't to text me and message me while i'm doing something, then when i'm bored, everyone goes ghost?
we gotta get you in the studio bro
yes sir...
virtual machine
(cont) Wikileaks, you know that thing when D.J.'s pee themselves after having way too much to drink.
Whoa! One of our colleagues completed the competition this weekend. Color us impressed. Intense.
Awesome! Good luck!
Good night folks. Calling it a night. I've had enough for one day. Thanks to everyone for your get wells and kind words. Much Appreciated.
Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut [If I had Any)
S/O to for being cute AF
It's fine(:
Waiting for the #Brewers game to start! :)
I love me dem hipsters.
You wanna be high for this.
Watching #phantomoftheopera and sleep day off tomor for workout and flyers to top it off
NOT referencing pop culture in my writing is super hard, y'all.
i followed bak
One lie is all it takes for a person to lose interest in you. Best thing to do is always be upfront, remain real and tell the truth.
Kneeling Clydesdales? Afraid my sentimentality meter's going to blow today.
hey please follow me so I can ask you something personally
21 Days until Deathbeat Jam's new single is out!!! Hear an exclusive demo of it Jan. 14th. =]
My text inbox just blew up asking about tickets. This scarcity thing is getting out of control!
Inerview with russian tv is over. I told them couple words:)
Thanks for the share! I really liked writing that piece, and Kayte was a doll for hosting it. We gotta keep this alive!
Great day today! Got accepted into ATAS and got a call for work.
Ya know, it comes with free cake ... just sayin'.
For one, the tags take 10 seconds to load. In the 2.7 days the tags already in the database would load instantly.
Reward truly is a function of risk. Really fun quirky company holiday party.
Speaking to a great group of HBS consultants this a.m.
Does Battleship look like left-over Transformers? Enough with metal shards please!
And for those who hate H.E.R......."Build a new route to China....if they'll have you" - Gil Scott Heron
aw shit! That rules. See you there
Can't wait for UCL semi 2nd legs next week, not to mention El Clasico on sat. I'm sticking with a Real v. Barca UCL El Clasico grand finale
guys i'm sorry for all jelena fans outthere but justin is going out with jasmine villegas and they are chatting alnight up to morning
Should be back up now!
Kings game
Advertising #planner for hire. Again.
Can we all agree as UK fans to stop saying "U of K"? We don't need an "of" in our name. Feel free to smack anyone who breaks this rule.
The Restaurant staff was so friendly and amazing! Plus there was great jazz from So many #naturalhair beauties.
Without the aid of trained emotions the intellect is powerless against the animal organism.-C.S. Lewis
thanks for the ping, tho looks like house stuff is going to keep me home tonight. Enjoy the bar & the view! :)
Test test back at you. ;)
That was, in fact, part of my reasoning for getting one.
Its always a good idea to update whenever you can! #getrecruited : Need to go change my #berecruited profile.
These idiots said "I'm doing a figure eight right now..." and thought they changed the game smh try paddling two canoes at once suckas
nice to meet you guys
all i want is a dog, a gun, and a motorcycle.
Tim Duncan has 11 points. Stephen Jackson and Gary Neal have 6 each off the bench. The Spurs lead the Jazz 50-42 at halftime.
Just posted The Official Need 4 Speed Motorsports Bimmerfest 2011 Trailer. Check it out on FB or Youtube! facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
A leopard nor #Ichiro can change his spots.
Kastles' sisters & are the No. 1 seeds at event in Fes, drawing Pliskovas of in 1st round.
Ugh. Headache. Sore throat. Tired. But I have a meeting so I can't just go home. At least it's Friday.
Good! It'll all work out!
instant regret.
Sad day. John Payton, the President and Director-Counsel of LDF, passed away last night. He was a fierce advocate for justice and will be s…
Doritos: The Crack of Snack
“: Niall cried when they were recording Moments, yet he laughed in a car accident.. That boy.”
#LawsMenShouldFollow considering most members of congress are men. Lets start with the Constitution.
Thanks for the shout out Devan! It was a really fun and informative day!
LOL...trying to get this money....like u
Paul schaeffer is funny.
Our own Vine Pewter will be the human host for the Full Frontal Puppetry shows 3770 S. Pennsylvania Ave, Suite 2...
Family game of BS=) Haven't laughed this hard in awhile!
It doesn't take a rocket scientist.....
"blah blah tenacious blah blah blah blah tenacious blah tenation blah blahh blah blah TENACIOUS" ...
Q+A: Steven Wright's History of Humor - Esquire
celcius of course.
hellz ya!!! So excited for the weekend.
Tryin to come to Mpls this weekend?
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 39
Fact. Not opinion.
And asking for nudes over and over again won't get you anywhere. Unless you're someone.. C;
Super Bootkamp special coming soon 2017636617
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't hold grudges.
Geeeked to play softball during the summer :)
I love checking my email...there is always a surprise...lately they've been good...
My wife is reading The Hunger Games. I'm keep talking to her and pissing her off. That bitch Katniss has stole my wife.
Just witnessed the world's longest and slowest train. The excitement of late night #austin!
In every dispute between parent and child, both cannot be right, but they may be, and usually are, both wrong.
Not to be a nudge, but when can we expect a new WDR? I miss it.
Sorry to see Tango Cafe shuttered in Squirrel Hill. Murray and Forward seems even more desolate.
*jumps up and down* I am, I am! “: #shehechat starts in 8 minutes! Anyone out there already?”
lets all go to wafflehouse afterwards, yeah? :)
First time in my life of baseball a game was canceled because of rain, but it has yet to rain
Everybody Stop What Your Doing And Please Go Follow This Flawless Account - She Is Amazing!!<3 She deserves 12k :)
That is very exciting news! We will keep our fingers crossed here in Chicago. Good luck to Michaela!
Shit I forgot to take the recyclables out -.- this is going to suck.
The sun is shining and drinks are flowing today at Spanish Fly! Walking distance from scottsdale stadium & 28 tvs showing hoops!
If #Browns take TRich at 4 and #Miami and #Seattle pass on Tannehill, he is worth risk to trade up from 22 to 13 to grab.
People underestimate the skills needed to DJ. It ain't easy to perform a set in front of people
I just dyed my stepfather's essentially bald head a snappy shade of auburn, while touching up my roots, too. What narcissistic bonding time.
thank you so much!
cool, geezer. keep us posted!
What was the first live concert you ever attended?
That's crazy! Awesome movie. And there's someone named "Newt", lol.
cant believe im going to puerto rico in 3 days
What do you think about the Casey Anthony verdict? Weigh-in on www.Facebook.com/newsplex we'll talk about your comments on CBS19
This is when I start to pretend I don't care about my FF team.
it turns out sharpie wars do get everyone on the creative side. We hope to see you again on 's second bootcamp.
let's get her to indy that's were m frm. Where r u n the midwest!
The tweet wasn't even about you....
OH HEY SUMMER!!!!!
yes! Setting the DVR now!
#RedSoxNation celebrating 100 years @ Fenway today, and home season opener. #TerryFrancona where are you?!?!?!
Just walked by a guy "So, you want me to get a manni pedi?"
glad you think so! It's great
That is all.
wait... u went to whole foods? but you never go to whole foods!!!
love your new profile picture celeste :)
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier. Do you have one in mind yet?
Naps after a warm shower are the best. Sure helped with the headache a bit.
Auction update: a pair of lower-level Civil War football tix. Current bid: $250. Call: 503-517-6123
Its not her birthday party :) she was at a 2nd birthday party..sorry.
I had to google btvs to figure out what it was. No, never watched it. Was Ryan Gosling on the show? Maybe I should take a look...
"Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves; and, under a just God, cannot long retain it." #quote Abraham Lincoln
“: #ThatOnePersonInSchool who loves Justin Bieber!”
Ughh to start drivers ed on june 7th-_-
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good, and I doubt my mischief can be managed! =0) Currently looking for my cloak of invisibility!
uncovering hidden labor & expertise, 12/9 edition: Erin makes fantastic baked potato soup.
Is it too late to tell you i wish you didnt give up on me?
via - NHL Playoffs Frequently Paused For NHL Pledge Drive
This dude is going hard on Alphas hahahaha
Welcome to Twitter..Go HaWkS
Capitol Theater - Sunday Classics Brunch and Movie Series - The Original "King Kong" - Sunday @ 10am
Tonight the will destroy the - again. GO RANGERS!!!
It's Official is here!!!!
Session voting has now ended & our fearless volunteers are off to compile a schedule!
At #thatcamppenn! Looking forward to learning all sorts of fab digital humanities stuff today!
Follow Please? i Wont Give Up Till You Follow Her(:
hour plus to kickoff and I have NFL pks from 105 cappers and growing with 2 consensus and the Ravens are a land slide at 55-10..watchout
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. - Christopher Morley
Enjoy the momentS~
Beer-battered fish & Green Flash West Coast IPA on tap; it doesn't get any better than this!
Tonight I complete my website! Tomorrow we are live!! I'm so happy. I've reached for the Milkyway Nd still going strong!
ship this one
Wanting to convert your car to CNG? We've got you covered! Give us a call at 641-1581
Bo Kinney: Familiarize urself with other information services in the community to make effective referrals.
Got in my car after work today and noticed my mileage was 91111, just a few hours from midnight on 9-11-11. Also, the temp guage read 91.
Webb's conversion is good. Japan reclaim the lead, 15-14
Worst of the storms have yet to come. Can't wait! :P
When someone says "No Offence", what they really mean is "Im about to offend you, don't get mad..."
alright,ill ttyl...gotta get back to work !
Can't believe it's already thursday.
Would love to hear your feedback. Building anything cool?
We know you're bored Twitter/Facebook, which is why next week, we will have a new song up. Oh and a show on Tues. Don't know where tho. -K
I have spanish to?(: me gusta Vicente
Hehe nope nope n.n
man! It sure is quiet on twitter today from that great britian side. Don't here any rants and raves about NCAA
CHECKOUT 'S NEW JOINT WAKEUP ON YOUTUBE HE SPEAKS THE TRUTH ABOUT LIFE!!! ALSO #TGA via YoungSkyscraper
My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When can I go and meet with God? Psalm 42:2
Chelsea are doing pretty damn good with only 10. Come on #CHELSEA!!!!!
Now I have a thermostat that is understandable (..!) I save lots of energy.
Brush gradens today!!!
tonight's elimination was rigged!!!! shouldn't have went home!!!!
October 24th @ 830pm sharp we will be dancing thriller as a tribute to Michael Jackson while raising money for Make a Wish foundation!! =)
Can you put you menu on your Web site?
nice garbage can ! I have the same one :p
In the countdown mode. BAD BOY, my newest erotic romance, is released tomorrow . . . on my birthday! Spicy hot.
"Heroes are often the most ordinary of men." -Henry Thoreau #quote #life”
I'm always the one apologizing. Not once have I ever heard you say "I'm sorry."
do you have shaky hands?!
Ok, bad-assery continues through the end of the week, then I swear I'll return to being Dr. Harris
Watching kiss ass I've avoided this moviie cuz everyone kept saying how good it was but now I'm interested in it and its a good moviie
Accent specializes in executive car service to/from Phoenix Airport, Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport and Scottsdale Airport.
": Thanks for helping at the food pantry. Tell It! Good times tonight. Nice to meet you!
This documentary >>>>>
We Will Be drawing a winner for Tickets at 11am, Tweet you want to take 's #DBacksVsGiants Tickets if you want to win!
Ha! A nap on lunch time! Take that corporate world!
Where u at bro?
Aw snausages. I think I have the dm's cold. How on earth do you keep this from happening? It's not like we share toothbrushes.
hanging at the SEC tourney with Mr and Miss Texas Pete!
I'm missing something with this guy Ryan Grigson in Indy. Constant communication? Hope he uses email!
Ask your girl who she reps, she say JETS
imagine if scientist used poetry to bring out the natural beauty within their scientific findings? Just a thought.
Done teaching for the week-now to really turn up the action on art making. One week of work left until
sorry ladies and gents i promise we will be getting to back to everyone messages... we have a lot...so give us time please... thanks
You'll be missed but THX! MT Working 4 tonite in lieu of #HHAwards helping usher in next gen of amazing #DCtheatre artists
Before I believe Its True, Tell me that you need me like I need you, Before I believe Its True. - Randy Rogers Band
balled so hard i need motherfucking nap - that shit cray
Thanks for contacting us! In Love we find a wider world, a more complete embrace, a new horizon.
Just saw #countrystrong for the first time. What an inspirational flick! Makes me wanna get this #countrymusic career started sooner!
Morning World! Make This Day Count!
Got a New Home?? Just Moved In?? check out some rugs we carry. COUPON: NEW15 - 15% Off your order
#SundaysontheGreen was great as always! Can't wait for the next one. We're out of here. Check us out tomorrow at Hollywood
Thanks for following
Jews are gross. It's the only religion with "ew" in it. Pahahahahaha
Very unpleasant experience. Had to hire another van + 3 men to help your driver w/ our piano delivery today. Poor unorganized svc.
can u send them for people not attending?
Getting Ready to drink a High Calorie Protein Shake!
Don't go collecting your records and changing your number, now
I saw giant eagle get go had it free today...for your air needs in the future.
Wish I was down at , but Easter is more important so the will have to wait. See you soon #salty!
we would love to set something up! Please email or call Kate for more information: , 312-739-3900!
oh my god tonight fucking sucks i hate my dad so much
It was a great semester! Good luck on final projects and lmk if you have questions!
Who squeezes zits in a public restroom?
Wasn't able to make the Nike Coaches Clinic in Vegas this year.. It's all good, next yr.. My wife is ok with it !
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you're willing to work.
glad you could join us tonight! Coffee & pastries await at tomorrow morning :)
SMFH if your avi is a picture of you half naked, just to get more followers.
Currently participating in a Tweetchat as two very different brands. I'm going to need therapy after this.
had a great nights sleep... I only hope his nonsense doesn't ruin yet another day
It really was, and al after non too!
ah its late good bye peoples :P
I would rather walk through hell backward, 1000 times, than stand in line at bmv.
Please RT: We can get a #VAGOP majority in the Virginia State Senate with your vote. Make sure to vote Republican this
Thanks for reading it. Having a good weekend so far?
I guess you cant text girls from random numbers.
Yeah but you have to come to Hami because I'm grounded remember. Lol
haha I got what you meant. Its sometimes better not to watch what you have big money on.
Thanks fam, glad u liked it.. & thanks for the retweet
are you ok?!?! why you sad?!?! do you want to talk about ah! ? i hate seeing you sad my love </3
It was nice meeting you too! It was a fun night at the Tap Room.
ok what u want to talk about
I gotta calm myself down ASAP, but Its hard though b/c I just keep amping myself back up! Smh
i just got asked if pete alexander was spinning tonight. umm,i froze and didn't know what to say. i shoulda say no, he's wack.
"It takes a lot of courage to forgive someone<U+FFFD>but it takes an even bigger courage to ask for forgiveness!"
I Want To Wish the Queen Of Country MRS>Loretta Lynn A Big Happy Birthday And Many many More
My calf's are on firreee from bouncing all night
If you love expository dialogue, sci-fi jargon and garish late-60s Technicolor, you're in luck: TCM is running "The Green Slime" right now.
So I did! RT New Yorkers: go outside! It's perfect out there!
Let's find out - Scott () is looking for an assistant editor in LA to start asap for a couple wks. Know anyone?
ITS JUST A FEW DOLLARS LOL
Does she already have a Twitter handle? #shehasdrivejustlikeherDaddy Congrats!
my muffin is so cute, Maddie God bless you <U+2665>
We're officially a bit more than halfway through this EP! Counting down the days until it's done...
I just reserved my tickets to hear Mike Huckabee speak next month. I don't think I've been this excited for anything in about 32 years.yay!
BUNNY BASH!!!!! CASH DROP!!!! Two weeks from TODAY!!! Club 212!!!
BEAUTIFUL! That is all.
aww pretty dress!!
111 in Vegas ouch
I love feeling like this. <3
(yesterday a highlight was showing how to put a 3D printer in a public library - very popular so far! #nyplecpl )
Write more, of course!
I go to 2 for 1 happy hour and do the same thing. Aww. Ur so lucky to have such creepy friends.
Maybe if we started calling birth control "child sex abuse" the Catholic church would take a more permissive view of it.
I get email, then click email, then in a convo I can't understand unless I click another link to read the article = 2 clicks
The blink 182 show and therefore my entire upcoming road trip has been cancelled. I'm seriously fucking devastated.
extremely accurate.......they were robbed.
A nice back rub-.- that's what I need lmfao so sore -kenn
Thank u Ms.
Getting ready for work
have you noticed that the media often just talks to itself? interviewing other media people instead of original sources? Spin on spin.
Ight shidd im funa buy a ticket I don't know anybody who tryna go tho
Ill love you forever if you picked me please :-)
yea grandma used to say we so bad we d tear the devils asshole lol
Thanks for the follow back
This one chick gums look like swisher sweets. " u got a tootsie roll I V in yo mouth
Damn, T-Lot! Sorry to have let you down.
not this time but have played several times in the past. Very good except weak par 3 9th hole.
Up from a super nap! Now headed to The Atrium Lounge to rock the house w/ !
but his values werent enough to get him big labor endorsements. He learned it isnt just what u believe but how u believe it
RT I wanna shop at Mall Of America
will do!
Never used twitter until like the end of Nov. Just to get to follow my daughter by Christmas #no luck and I have 6 days left
Thanks for the follow, ! Would luv help spreading volunteers needed awareness for #VegFest2012!
Day 1 of vacation: toured mammoth cave national park in KY. Beautiful!
Just 1 more follower til 30 can u help out?
awesome start; did the kids figure out how to move the workspace around to different planes?
I miss Jessica. :(
So the one time I really need to take a shower, the water ice cold. This has not been my week at all.
These chocolate covered raisins >>>>>>>>>>>
I have been bad mouthing your game for months now, but after last nights game I will keep my mouth shut! You still got it!
VACO!!! I spent most of my high school years hanging out at Andy P's house. Went to their very 1st shows. :)
Waybill gotta go and clean your belly button and some other random stuff
It's actually called the Sylvan Hill. RT : headquarters doing the downhill
R U GUNNA PUT ME IN
that's awesome
Hopefully Franco Nero is still involved--can't wait to see who he'll play!
After two days of attic work the 'ol body is quite disagreable this morning. Time to march to the coffee machine!
Celebrating Fat Tuesday in San Diego at El Dorado Lounge with good friends and the Euphoria Brass Band.
You're my type of guy I guess if i was stuck in East Northumberland high for the rest of my life but people change Thank god i did
ON THE WAY TO LED ZEPPPP AH!!!!!! Withh
Seamus On A Hot Car Roof
Awesome day today. Getting ready to go to #Verizon. I hope I can talk my wife into getting herself an
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THAT FOLLOWS ME?! Answer this question?!
If you are heading up to Seattle the Sleeping Bulldog Bed and Breakfast is now on board offering a great discount to our members! Welcome!
RT : I wonder was that a shot at Rebo lol...<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Tomorrow night we will be Lexington at The Green Lantern! 9pm!!!! Come out!!
Just got the keys to my new place, now I need to furniture shop then start unpacking.
Willing to relocate?
We see you, Barack.
Naval officer cleared of groping colleague
Love it! How life changes, huh?
I don't lie. I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Waiting at the Langham! Thinking about wedding crashing...
Thanks for the follow! Hope the site's useful!
Does anyone else see the irony in Sinead O'Conner divorcing her addiction counselor husband after 16 days so she could score more pot?
Dig the super-size food court in the Lincoln Park Whole Foods.
going to celebrate a friends successes this week.
A Fielder's choice scores Weeks. What word play... ha
twitter is funny, u can erase tweets to cover your tracks but when real folks want to live their lives, the data is stored against us
Discussing robot cats in Semantics. This is why I love
I truly believe when God closes one door, he opens another. But sometimes, it sure is hell in the hallway!!
“ Beauty can be seen in all things, seeing and composing the beauty is what separates the snapshot from the photograph. – Matt Hardy
I would like to adjust retweets and lists in the mobile app. OR on the web app on my phone. Y U NO LET ME?
Working on a few custom exercise and nutrition plans!
#stateofthecity Mayor touts success of Indy Hunger Network
Justice is what love looks like in public. - Dr. Cornel West
Greetings on the Feast of St. John Chrysostom and happy name's day to all who are his name's sake!
I'm glad this guy txtin me is not following me cuz he would know I'm ignoring him. I didn't txt back but I'm tweeting lol ha ha
great! Looking fwd to it! Thanks!
Bitch! Lol~ :p RT : I'm mad for no reason.
mushrooms are gross; but i likey me some goat cheese!
MVP!..no question
... The feeling of knowing you have created something great (even if only in your own eyes) = Priceless
Pens have an underachieving goalie. Flyers don't have a real goalie. Could cause problems. It will be interesting.
LOVE the profile logo!
Flailing ponytails, cool for WNBA, not cool for NBA
The Performing Arts Exchange 2011 Conference opens today. ( ) If you are attending please stop by our booth# 226 and say hello.
You'll see a link on the left rail that says "claim company" after you log in. Please let us know if you have any other questions.
Great work on that piece. I enjoyed it.
Cowley are you aware of the situation with the Marquees?
Thank you for your feedback. We will alert our facilities department.
You know know I'm a shy person, too, right, trying to navigate this social universe, OK?
last shopping trip before #coachella. beyond excited, round two.
money follows passion
Jocks don't like it when you try and rock out in the free word
Long story. I'll tell you sometime. Sa work ako ngayon e. :) I did. And he said sure.
Habitat for Humanity Jimmy Carter Work Project in Haiti this week. Awesome re-build effort with thousands of volunteers & supporters
#ThatAwkwardMoment When Your Crush Walks Into One Of Your Classes And Your Friend Has To Be The Loudest To say somethin
Do Good Get Rewards (DoGoodersRock) thanks for the follow.
Every time there is a new network there are opportunities for innovation and new ventures -- semi, internet, e-commerce, social, cleantech
follow me cause i'm sexy
haha me and my neighbors are throwing julie an early bday party! in my hood, next friday night!
Already follow :D
We told you you got this. Hope it was a great first year!
Oh my goodness! Fishfest 2011 is TOMORROW! We are so excited!
Look to those who are more successful and learn from their experience.
#HerbalLife Mint Chocolate meal replacement shakes are stupid delicious!
Keep tabs on the exciting changes. Thanks for the mention!
that is, was, and always will be one if the best movies ever. Roger, roger. Over, under. Ever seen a grown man naked?
That awkward moment when you feel like tweeting something just so that ONE PERSON can read, and you realize that person doesnt have Twitter.
who of the winterhawks are old enough to stick in the AHL out of this next year?
Totally spilled my entire bowl of oatmeal all over the living room carpet. Looks gross, but definitely easier to clean up than "upchuck."
Did you purchase the new UK Jersey....Platinum!!!!!
So sick of everyone
jasmine v's boyfriend
let me know if ya find the game dude! <3
Bet funny. Gotta sqeeze gospel in tha show. Only 2 get back 2 "we the best" smh. Lol
it's always the little things right. Happiness isn't always winning the lottery or going to Disneyland.
“: Thunder or Lakers really gotta worry about da Spurs dem old niggas hoopin”I been sayin this since the lockout
make it
*Waves* back at -- you go that right :)
fuck the iPhone 5, the only difference will be when asking Siri "where do i find a good blow job", she'll have results.
who wants to do something today?
RT : Let's make it a productive day, I sure plan too.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME! IF NOT I'M GONNA CRY :'(
Quick am I colorblind?
I do text back.
Get in for FREE, and start making money joingscdream.com
NoThInG tO CooL To TaKe Me FrOm YoU , !!!!!!! mARRY tHE nIGHT i lOVE tHIS sONG
Holy shit. It's way too hot.
ok, maybe these fans were on to something. Schlereth has given up 2 and counting
big part of restoring health is restoring hope
American airlines stranding people delays Dallas foe ten minutes no options rest day? They should hold flights their error seriously bad ser
Fullerton Competition tomorrow.. Rain rain stay away
Advocates are superheroes for kids everyday
Talking ANGEL 8.0 & benefits of Content & Community in the ANGEL Office Hours meeting. www.blackboard.com/angelofficehoursregistration
i dont think i'll get much sleep tonight..
Got my store running and full of merchandise!!!
Almost time for #glee !! Soo excited!
Hi Jarem - we'll certainly do what we can. What day do you need the cards to arrive?
u r missed dearly here in colorado
Pitbull, Prince and Enrique concert should be worth it. Except no clue who Prince is :( he sings good though.
my bday is monday. tomorrow is my sons bday! n yes tgif! lol
Oh it would also be great if I had friends who actually gave a shit, but I mean I guess it's
Im finna start saying that shit.... that's classified!
We may need a 5 sec delay imposed on Fox'a "The Five". On 2nd thought, Nah. Gives 2 much 2 talk about. Plz give Mr Beckel a Twitter lesson.
Thanks to for donating a mini portrait session to the raffle! She takes beautiful pictures!
Another great college football game tonight. Come on
Boston and the Lakers play Thursday. It would be cool to see Kobe pass Shaq and Pierce pass Bird in the same game.
I get high high high
I see your point! RT : - 90 is where it gets way too hot. 85 is the start of too hot. 100 is ridiculous.
I'd probably use white wine instead of the red I used with the beef. Okay, I'm going to stop talking about food now.
I can take care of this for you.
Go Bulls, fuck the Heat.
Award-winning musician Jim Gill brings his music to Galleria Lib tomorrow @ 9:25 and to Paseo Verde Lib @ 1! Fun for the whole family!
Josh= live by the 3 Josh= die by the 3
Watching Looney toons laying down on the couch
#YouGettinPunched If You Claim You The Truth N Real Af But Talk Shit Behind Ppl Back.Ha Typical Bitch.
Still paranoid from "The Porch Incident." I swear, if I EVER find a gecko in my apartment, I'll pack my bags right away and go back to Indy.
hey bill, your site's twitter plug-in wants to add an extra @ sign, might want to check that out.
Shooting Cleopatra theme with one of my favorites
aww it's ok Katie we will just wait another day !
let's see...the only way a ball goes over your head in that situation is if it goes out of the ballpark
Bueller? Bueller? Bueller? He's over here on Twitter along with his sister and girlfriend
UPDATED 7/22: “Phil Spector Presents the Philles Album Collection” Due From Legacy « The Second Disc
i just got called by the army recruiter. no thanks, active duty is not for me :)
Had great Sunday Skills Training sessions today in Atlanta, Peachtree City, Birmingham, Charlotte and Charleston.
ha... okay, I will work on that :)
i just killed bango so ill be there in a second
Eating at a cafe in Chonburi. Food is SO cheap here!!!
RT I wish I loved anything as much as drunk girls love taking pictures.
Getting to a restaurant right before a huge line begins to form for Mother's Day may be one of the most satisfying feelings in the world.
how was the #LaJollaHalfMarathon ?! Perfect weather!
IKR! So did I. It was a great feeling. :)
We are so lucky that Chicago has who is willing to try to get the boyz back! :))))
We apologize and are working with our network providers to get this resolved as quickly as possible.^CS
The freedom to post jobs for veterans should be free www.purpleplacement.com
Hurry. Already missed one! RT : "If you love voting, you may want to consder moving to Wisconsin this year." -
CGQ will be making the steak taste better this weekend at Pete Miller's Evanston. Th, F, Sa, Sun. Come hear us swing a tune or two.
we been through it all. from the goods to the bads, rise to the fall
Great to meet you! May the odds ever be in your favor for today's screenings ...
so excited.
SIGNING IN CHICAGO!!!!! Please!
Milwaukee Bucks 30 Detroit Pistons 25 End Of 1st #bucks #pistons #nba (Via )
:) A deft approach to a tricky topic
....but it just hasn't seemed to come together yet. Nearly as frustrating, my 33yo wife has never skied either! I'm ashamed!
It's Monday! Today we have Thomas and Dana available to tattoo after 2pm! As well, Nando has time after 6pm!
Heading to Miami for my stress test
does lolanthony from youtube have a twitter? i need to follow this boy.
The Refs made that way more than it was
Scrolling down my TL and unfollowing people
the onion AV club has called border states: thoughtful as it is powerful do you agree? pick up a copy of Remaindermen's fantastic record
But then again...I can't even write my own for the TT #TrashYourExTuesday because the character limit is too small to even participate...
I KNEW IT!! LOL You the man Bernie.
He has lots!! RT : My Raiders loss! But FAMILY FIRST! shout out 2 i kno you runnin out of endzone dances hes abeast
UGH I HATE YOU LEBRON
New iPhone 4s, so excited!
It's a beautiful night! Good night tweets.
Just walked Addie and Duke!! 1- I'm outta shape 2- Addie is a horrible walker!!! Another Day and OPTIMISM is KEY!!! Let's see how it goes!!
Today is just a straight out struggle...
yep they working the hell outta me, but enjoying the money!
": Can't wait to go to Coaching U Live clinic this summer." Thanks Brett, you will LOVE the event!
The sky is high, the cloud is low. But my water technique is hard to beat...
I was in the best mood but now im kinda annoyed... Gonna eat my dinner , shower & then bed..
Why is Howard wasting his time on YouPorn when you keep telling him the real gold is at TubeGalore?
hmm I wonder how?!:/
I hate the Giants, and even I think that would be pretty sweet!
Mulva/Junior Mint episode is on TBS right now.
Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, Ariz. In March 2012, one in every 242 housing units received a foreclosure filing
I went to one of his shows and he is great live. He's local :) the lyrics hit me,so i used the song.
4am and I can't put Pillars of the Earth down. It's gonna be a long day.
i would love to see that!
damn the porn bots are out to get us today on twitter
Humility is sexy. Holiness is beautiful. And Christ above it all is the number one priority.
we need u... Keep it going let's get sum points on the board
That's awesome. You'll love it...perhaps we need to release some more styx vinyl??
I know this is Canadian Steel
thanks homie!! Yes we do, lots!
not sure who you are or where you got that info but you're certainly not correct there...
You will be 20% more productive
CosbyKid84: Never discount the power of the Lord because that same power dwells inside of you.
Me and my bestfriend both got hawks landing , hopefully this means I'll get to see her more...
Speedbusters is everywhere. All the time. We know when you're sleeping... we know when you're awake.
Via , launches paywall and KILLS FOOD SECTION. No! Where will I read ?
Watch out for Favre this year. this could be one of his best years.
that would be beast
this tweet is here to remind everybody that “gråtrunka” is the Swedish word for “crying while masturbating”
follow me and her always dance to we r who we r
400 followers sweet :) back to work
thanks for all the SOs!
What did you think?
Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. ~Dale Carnegie
join the family of The Big Blue Nation and you'll be playing in front of 24,000 diehard UK fans every game.
A Scientist who weighed people immediatly before and after death concluded that the human soul weight 21 gms
you next CJ2K?
Somehow, it's already Monday.
"Email fatigue is probably out there, but social media complements email, rather than kills it" via (hey there!)
morning coffee wake-up song: Sidewalks of San Francisco-
Come to the #HappyEndings premiere tonight.. Monday Night Football's gonna be boring anyways. Niners/Cards? *Yawn. =)
Just watched an epic doc called American Hardcore. All about hardcore punk. Gang Green, Minor Threat, Black.Flag, awe shit yeah.
rt , follow , call , text , dm, do anything to make me smile for once . I never smile /:
#SQL Temp DB is heavily used in #SP2010; The one you want to optimize first; Change Pre-Size to 25% of largest content database
I see what you did there.
Happy Friday the 13th!
I bet all u ppl following this kid on twitter doesnt know that im an arab who plays basketball better than this cambodian bitch(:
Finally a sunny day here in
There's 1 Reason Jeremy Lin is getting it done when other's don't. He gives 120% at all times when others don't.
Wake me up when september ends .. Lmfao
live by faith
Still workin my way thru Thelonius - I get on free jazz kicks about every 6 mns for abt the lst 10 yrs. Always new, always more
I hope I get this other job! :D
Avatar is the weirdest movie ever...
How do u shank a 30 something yd field goal woww # shock
actions speak louder than words
did u watch glee ?
Watching the movie in Mr.Nells :DD
Symptoms of the 2 can often occur together. Although traditional medicine discourages diagnosing one w/ both, several still do.
When people let me down <<<
Getting fiery. zinger gets biggest applause so far.
Drummetteism.... "To see a thing uncolored by one's own personal preferences and desires is to see it in it's own pristine simplicity"...
Q6 Keep it positive & only put up signs for what you are willing to enforce consistently.
I too have lost friends tonite friends that I thought was close and loyal to me until they bailed ship !
Unless there<U+0092>s a personal transformation, there can be no social transformation.
praying for you!
Thank you for the RT regarding violence against women. Have a nice and fun weekend!
Holy hell, when is 'Shawshank Redemption' not on.
At joint SEA/Bay area Clojure meetup (teleconference wtf!) seeing a demo of leinigen 2 from
so i'm in the house like extra bored.....craving some chocolate chip waffles lolz i'm missing my friends man this really sucks *tear*
Whatcha got? iPhone? Droid? Blackberry? Yeah...we got an app for that! www.broadwaycab.com
sweet apparently the seats our box seats haha
Thanks! excellent use of hashtags, btw
Spring Trunk Show this Saturday May 7th 8am-2pm, check out our FB page for more info www.facebook.com/visionoptique
Holy hell that's the most intelligent sentence I've ever read.
u need to tweet
Big fan of ur work! How often do u come 2 Atlanta? Wud luv 2 have u apart of a educational Speaker series event
Thanks for the great blog post!
Last Kings but I'm still on my queen shit
“I like having million-dollar pieces in my studio. It gives me a little distance from the competition"-Architect Peter Marino
thank you for the shoutout! cc
SBX Drive for Charity awards $1K scholarship to Mater Dei Catholic High School senior tonight.
Prioritize inner peace and happiness will always follow.
What is it with men ah right thats it
hey! Just found your blog though my friend & mentor Donna Browning :) Looking forward to following you!
Just followed(: follow me back?
I have the feeling!:(
So we are working to dethrone gods? Sounds hard.
These old guys at work are funny...
your mom is awesome. (: SWS is the bomb.
Everything go to waste, Too much money in the way, Got a b-ball court, Nigga don't even play
voted for you sorry you didnt won :(
ikr..LoL .:D i guess justin gave her tickets for TCA too?
Party with us! We are giving BACK to our friends and fans a bottle special, NO WHERE FOUND in the city! $100 Goose special! Details? MSG US!
One more week until summer break... Glorious!!
I want in
...supershow was made so that smackdown talent could get more exposure
That's my bae now..
Have that late night dark chocolate craving?? #NatureValley Granola Thins only 80 cals a square!! They're Delish!
Cost behavior is often explained by CPAs as the study of how costs change in a business when there is a change in the activity level.
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. Dream well characters!
HAPPY HOUR SPECIALs: $3 Domestic Beer $4 Imported Beer $5 Wine by the Glass $6 Margarita's $6 Martini's $6 Mojito's
Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders!!!!
Love this, thanks for 'tweeting'
And Hugo takes Sound Editing
Feb.14th. Valintines day AMANDA PEREZ live inside electric company
Ran 7.6 miles today! What have you accomplished?
I saw 60 min on the clock and I was like WTF?! Now I knw why it's called
It was good seeing you too, def surprised the hell outta me
Asking me to calm down is subtly telling me to get more pissed off.
Roshon Fegan from disney channels shake it up is coming to portland! give me your email&i'll send u more info on the concert
Technically Sound - Technically sound copy is concise and powerful
Which one did you order?
Palm Tavern on KK.
Freaking creeps I tell u
Hey - A Fond Feliz Cumpleaños and Fun Happy Birthday to You :)
Popcorn and soda in hand, waiting for DARK SHADOWS to start.
hey babe u spk spanish Rght ? :)
What you following me for? This ain’t no fuckin sing-along
I lke that attitude -- the more the merrier.
funny in a good way I hope.
RT : See Shopping Guide for ! Catch:
It seems strange to me now that Sean Penn and Madonna were once married.
is that your WoW name? Excelsior?
AS LONG AS I CAN HAVE IT WITH JALEX
Sometimes you just want a pair of legs around your neck.
Good morning, I hope evereyone had a great Christmas. I am looking forward to turning the calendar this weekend.
Happy Saturday! Anyone have BBQ plans? I could use some burgers :)
is this for us code not working otherwise
of course was thinking abt a skirt but it's freezing out their
Strawberries <3 gosh im such a fatty! :)
The only award I got was the President thingy, a choir thing, and a community thing at Honor's night.
Omg this was the best show of the season!! All the crews killed it including the ICONic Boyz!!
Listening to all morning. New Amerikana and Oceanea EPs. Good stuff.
Wow, lol between him and bryantd that's it
My day went from bad to amazing because of and :)
If we open your Computer Tower for a hardware repair we offer to clean the dust out for only $5
LA Times writer Mark Heisler on at 9:05 to talk NBA finals! Also talking Ubaldo, Broncos QBs and taking your calls, 303-297-1510! AM 1510
Thanks to everyone who voted for me! Won't let you down
112 days until the #NFL regular season home opener game!
Max Payne 3 is fire
Comeback Kid, Lions Lions, and Friends TONIGHT! Rocketown - 6pm - $12!
“: We have members and kids in Tonight's #IndiansSocialSuite. ”
Define goals, set priorities, work hard, succeed
Pope Benedict just renamed the New Orleans Saints the New Orleans Sinners!
I'm an independent voter and right now both parties look pretty lame.
bahaha cant argue with that
I missed the beginning of partyy. Daang *Knocks on door*
its just scary to chance it.
“For me, the David Guetta stuff just doesn’t work. I don’t really wanna go there.” -Drake, on producers he's interested in working with
Dang it was busy at the grocery store today! Why is it that when I need to shop, other people have the same plan?! It's #nuts !!
how much time would that have saved? Ed Hoculi would have to explain what happened.
Thanks.! I'll pass that on the researcher.
I passed my stage tech final! Whoop
Back from #ala11. Back to life. Back to reality.
There is no limit for RFID technology applications.
If US "richies" renounce the nation that supports them so, let 'em leave, but their jobs and assets should stay in US.
i didn't know.. now text me back..
Thx for RT'ing our #volunteer meet up! With your support we gained 15 new people for #ArtsFunding in
"It's prayer time in bloomington."
oh no 246 tomorrow, kill me now or now?
Instead dey got wings n things
Happy birthday
Watchin on Ellen u go girl
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT
I would attend if I could!!
I'm at school right now but I'll go on asap!!
Manuel Criollo of Labor/Community Strategy Cent: LA has largest juve court in the country, but records are not available to the community
Happy Birthday !
choir show day numero 2 hell yeah
omg, that looks so delicious right now! :) excellent breakfast.
Babygirl...You're Ex-boyfriend Is Boring As Hell...
:)RT : This Blackhawks fan thanks you for being amazing. #GoKingsGo!
i'm on follow limit sorry
yall got the whip
#AT&T
Any chance we might see the ability to challenge people to two games? One where you have initiative; the other where they do?
mines 2 but it takes a while 2 appear in the time line Dx
"Study" is just another name for "No homework"
& I have literally spent the last hour and a half talking about all the video games we like. #nerds <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
awesome! Let me know if I can help you get started :) (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
WHY IS MY PHONE SO SHITTY.
dang! You tell 'em what's up!!
yea I Love BTR and I really don't like one direction at all
Zimmerman sucks too. And I'm sure he would be happy to inform you now just how much Bryce Harper sucks.
Words are empty until you fill them with actions.
Wish I was at clowes hall seeing David Sedaris tonight... Sigh..,
Can you save it? the necklace means a lot to me.... I knew i shouldn't have worn it.
Cool! MT is on the cutting edge of all this.
check out the coupon app that features all the #herewepurple deals and more! It's FREE on ur smartphone! www.Qponomics.com.
we believe in the same promise that says this is a place where you can make it if you try.
RT : GOP Primary Update: As expected, Mitt Romney wins Virginia, Newt Gingrich wins Georgia.
Careful where you stand.
Y'all remember Kendrick Perkins at Memphis...son balled
only four more econ classes
Today is clearly my retweet Tuesday.
You better praise God for those closed doors because that mean something better is on its way, my God is faithful
it's invisible unless you're part of it--Simon Critchley at the student conference talked about Occupy in the past tense
Hey Casey, how about lunch on Friday next week?
awesome I will get ahold of Darni and let you know! Would love to see you all again!!
he works at StarBucks, therefore you no it's real!!!!!!!xo I swear you & lales are #theworst when it comes to Twitter/:)
price it is off the chain better than advertised, if u dont have it you need to cop it!!!
God has been so good to me I just want to praise him
lookin like Sunshine with that beautiful smile!
Flatforms are simply a trend I cannot possibly get behind
Are you at the #Dryad meeting in Oxford? Keep an eye out for our colleague Mark Hahnel of (and do say hi). Follow Mark for more.
Louisville has no better friend than #Oklahoma right now. #BoomerSooner &
Our pleasure, we could not have been happier with the result for your state!
ok just let me know when ur down here so we can go searching lol
I mean really all you do gotta do is beat up lol
Hannah is amazing okay.
Let me re-phrase the question. What question would you ask Jackson Galaxy about HIMSELF!
You're speaking my language. They have them in the States now, but they're a pale shadow of the real Australian deal.
im lost, so lost, im lost at sea.
": Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati!" --> Good morning Jamie!
All good - each day of 2010 has been a bit crazy! Hoping for a silver lining from the election ...
Gerald McRaney? you have issues ;)
happy to talk about fact vs fiction. I'd like to make sure you have facts to make informed choice.
Weekend plan? Make your reservations now !
also, i feel as if from now on i should have future dates sign a waiver allowing me to live tweet them for y'all's entertainment
Glenn - a little exercise goes a long way to that end (relaxation at night). Even a 30 min walk would help. U know this, just do it.
niceRT : 4 out of 6 in #BlindTasting isnt too bad. Close on the other two with no Punts. thanks for the tasting
with who haha
no we lost three followers :(
My Mom Just Bought A Whole Bunch Of Squirt. #FavoriteSoda <3 :)
,yess but I don't feel good,
no I was expressing my sarcastic enthusiasm for your announcement.
its time to bring the 3 goggles back!
I loved him when he was with my Cubbies.
ii am trick
As it turns out, wanting to be good at chess and knowing the rules of chess are two different things.
your empire right?
yes :( nobody is gonna be able to go because of that price!
Nice share. I am teaching grad school at #Universityof Denver and next week's topic is the future of HR. Thanks. Mark
Thanks, man. We put a little extra love into it this year. Cheers!
Thanks for the follow! :)
Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you ~ Catherine de Hueck Doherty
Cat under blanket =energy saving heater
And in more Windy City news....the Cubs still suck. RT : Chicago Tribune columnist Schmich wins Pulitzer Prize...
im paying to get kerrang shipped to america and buying you gifts and you can't even say hi fine i see how it is daniel.
Good luck to the Hoosiers tonight vs. Michigan. New IU tees coming real soon. Stay tuned...
Can you ask if textbooks will ever be available to view on a computer? Seems obvious and helpful for students who have laptops.
What the say about me i dont really care i cant tell you how much i dont care
Yeah "light skinnedness" is a politically correct term. U can now use it in WWF and watch your points rack up.
They can't keep it from us for much longer...hopefully xD
not yet... Stay tuned though, our smartphone reality will be expanding
:) Great meeting you
Oh and now everyone's talking crap about me. That's nice. I should really just delete Facebook. This is all anyone ever does.
everytime i hear my phone go off i think itls the furniture people calling me...but no it's just twitter :(
Happy Aloha Friday!!! :)
In case anyone missed it, "Drive" is now on Netflix Streaming.
i need Lahair to get a hold of one right here
me too!
at least mine can buy their own beer. x x lmao
How fhe fuck are people studyin for anatomy.... I dont even know how to study for this test
happy earth day, earthie.
please follow me! thank you!
Robert Shiller Regulations have to be constantly modernized
Thanks for the follow! Come check us out in Old Town.
on loomis, forgot my camera!
haha okay good! always checkin on you like a good
I'll be at Verb running weight lifting Friday at 6am. I want the highest turnout yet. Retweet it
Thank you, sir!
Guys I just love hanging out with friends nothing better
yayy!! Did you get in contact with that place I sent you the link to?!! :)
WORD! Noted. I will take the day off from skydiving and run.:) Til we Don't fail.
Game tying Green!!!!
Love the Mayo Clinic social media support team. They are such a great group of really talented social media professionals.
that maybe a little much for cats to process
Today's Shower Song: "Climax"- Usher. #SingInShower #NoHomo??
F you ten fold
stay safe pare
: Good. I'm coming to see you soon. Real soon <3
yeah I def wanna get em right when they're on sale. Just need your address and I'll put a check in the mail tomorrow. Just 1.
Days like today make me wish I had a kayak.
I know! Soo much to catch up on :D
I suspect this guy Zimmerman is a police informant. Their protecting him for a reason because if he is lawsuits and heads will fly!
How do you spell choke with 4 letters?
Many people like to say Autistic people get stuck, but the Republicans get stuck even worse- on budget cuts that r stuck in the past
haha yep thats jasmine. Creepy aged jasmine.
hahaha. At least it was Halloween.
watever!!!!! I coulda been dead and u wouldn't have known!
UGH CMON SON
Who said he hates twitter. . .
Such a pretty day to watch the Bengals beat the Steelers
Thanks for sharing about the free music!
If you're up at 6 am (Houston time!) feel free to call me and wake me UP!!!
Whenever someone sees a spider it means good news are on their way.. You can literally be the deliverer of good news
hot for teacher
I have literally just been burned on my face and it's probably one of the most shamefully hurting feelings I've ever felt.
RT : Very good chance I will be back by the start of the season!! #go bucky
thanks for the #ff!
Just brushed past Melissa Joan Hart on Park Ave. Politely did not ask her to explain anything, much less "it all."
. that sounds like its from some punk song about growing up: "really, I think I like who I'm becoming."
Only 9 hours left on our drive home...damn
For the love of God, please deliver and opening day win for the Indians.
you're such a champ
The more you love, the more you live :)
Spring & summer mean kickoff to the beach!!
I understand things completely before I animate them, and my clients want me too. This saves them lots of money.
"Community is a school of love." -Jean Vanier
Freeling better. Ready to work on my new album.The falling snow has inspired me.
Those who say that words can never hurt them, never got hit in the head with a dictionary. -___-
i dont want it
haha nice!!! You are good for something!! Lol
Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th @ 8.30pm
where u at?
now's the time when i start cursing those beautiful blue eyes because i can't focus on my stories
Happy to see Casa Molina, Lynn & Cielito Lindo, Beverly in just wish they spelled Cielito correctly throughout review! #oops!
Thank You for the follow, we are following back.
We just received a box of the new Capitol Steps album, "Liberal Shop of Horrors". Laughter is the best medicine.
thanks honey!(:
trivgov.com. Unbelievable.
Tigers win 4-0 over Cal Tech to open the SCIAC season! Great start boys!
Snoozing thru Leftwich and the Buccaneers' beat down by the Giants. Things have perked up with Josh Johnson behind center. Theyll still lose
“: Well thank god I'm not a crip <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>” ur not allowed to be
. Thanks for coming out. I hope you enjoyed the evening. cc
Pulled skirt down to pass security....didn't want to get a detention if it was to short :P
The best birthday present ever would be a new job
thanks for sharing my voice! The response has been great.
Rumor has it Bayern has just appealed Terry's suspension for the CL Final.
The people that talk about you the most. Are the the people who know the least about you.
That was me telling people to check you guys out :P sorry for the confusion, I loved your comics
thanks again for making my cakes look fabulous! Love how the photos turned out :) so.good.
By holding networks "at the wrong end" Gitelman looks to those who posted news/messages on telegraph poles, which we still do of course.
Yeah? So they live up to the hype?
It is going to be difficult to choose three ventures for the Cherokee Challenge -- quantity and quality this year!
She got in a accident by doing a uturn.
Patiently waiting for to get home so I can pass out and drool on her face all night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
hold = hole. But it could go both ways
Designed to appeal to competitive gamers, Dell has unveiled its new Alienware Aurora gaming desktop computer. – Computer Business Review
was the worst sign up process ever.
exactly!!!! And like he was just so fuckin' white!
Faith, Hope, Love, Music...
B4 It was a Game when it wasnt taken Serious... But I Guess the Game is now over Huh? Bc
Hey, i'm the bad guy, just so everyone knows. I don't let people fuck over my friends. That makes me a bitch.
Day is made <U+263A><U+2764>
my cousin belongs to an old threshers organization :/ very bizarre
have you tried arguing that Hodor is a noun, verb, adjective, AND adverb?
LOL! Good quick kick in the rear isn't working?
Hey Jonathan, the contact form on your tribalauthor site is broken. Have a question about your course, where can I send it?
i can tell there's something goin' on hours seems to disappear everyone is leaving i'm still with you
Ok....that will work for you with a nice pair of white pants
Needed 'Alternative Indie Pop' ala (Fiest,The Turtles) - email: - Serious Inquiries Only, Please!
Boy I had some crawfish cakes today...
I see the sun is back...does that also mean you are too?
And here's where the referees take over.
I just really love my 's
Is there a time limit for walkers of the 10K?
na bra walkers power animal is a koala, and koalas and kangaroos are like the cheech and chong of the animal kingdom
#ImHappyWhen someone inspired can share a snapshot that turns another person's day around when they need it most. Check us out to try. :)
stay on before the screen to write codes! All things are apps! lol
Eventful day! Experienced my first earthquake (ha) and first used car salesman, haha.
its stormin somethin mighty bad out there. Stoms are not my cup of tea. I prefer sweet not storm.
It's real annoying when the smoke alarm does a self-test at 4 in the morning.
. imma be in the books every weekend after this
Thanks you so much for the RTs and
is definitely not malware and we've recategorized that domain so it won't report as malware for any clients!
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing tired.
Ft Carson soldier returning from Afghanistan in May to run Colfax with his mother
Get your holiday Eco Cups, 40% off, every Tuesday and Thursday, through December 22!
My wife's phone:
Got the tickets for the R5 show Monday! Let me know if you want some! $10 each. :)
Too expensive for the quality of leads.
wish I was back in HS ... school was so much easier
Have you been working on your random act of kindness?
haha is she single lol hook me up
At least I think I got some cool pix.
True power isn't the ability to do something to someone, it's being able to do something for them.
#TheReasoniWillSucceed im so humble and my music passes a message
The Colt .45 uniforms in Houston are pretty classic...
Sometimes I think, sometimes I don't.
I love listening to Rush Limbaugh.
This school sucks more dick than the sluts that attend it.
GIM ME IT
Eating Cocoa butter!! yummy
Thanks for the mention. Career limiting moves do make for good reading!
Survived/thoroughly enjoyed a weekend of graduations, birthdays and Austinness.
Calling someone names, even if it makes you feel better, will not make you a better person.
no, that's really bad for you actually.... :-/
Hi Jacob - do you remember who was presenting & do you know if they posted slides?
Black Swan is the midnight move at the egyptian theater tonight
You'll have to let me know what it entails, but I'm tentatively saying hell yes!
Day lovers....enjoy hope everybody took this year to a nothing level.
Thomas Jefferson was born this day in 1743. Happy Friday the 13th!
it shall happen someday my friends
Thanks ! What a cool site! I am always looking for more ways for people to see me!
Fight for your dreams and then your dreams will fight for you.
oh no! I hope you feel better soon!! I shall capture it- with pictures and perhaps a Murphys pint glass, stolen in your honour :)
thanks for the follow! I'm living in Boston right now...looking forward to finding out more about you!
DM = Direct Message. as in private. You can only send private messages to people who follow you.
I dont mind her saying that but then she will pull a Mic out of her purse and drop it in front of me....
keepimg it just in case I don't lyk de da one I got now
No tulips, roses, or even simple daisies when you write content for Machine Translation. Adieu to flowery language.
On my way to #SXSW ! Insanely early tho...
what u mean how am i..
i know same I have like 100 lol <3
Tonight turned out awesome. Thanks "Mike's Band" aka The Senti-Mentals + The Frantic's rhythm section.
is your murder mystery show on Twitter?
A big win for talent today. Congrats to all members!
guess your not at the convention anymore.
Getting excited for Hattiesburg on Sat night, Bennie's Boom Boom Room, y'all ready to get funky?!
Cook us something to eat lol RT : I need something to do today
Marshall-ism of the Day: “It’s okay to get off track – It’s more important to quickly get back on track.”
LACE The Fuxk Up PR Here We Come!!!
dock predictions would be very cool
RT : too many baby mamas and not enough wives..........
I would swear I met you in the late 60's early 70's while I was in the AirForce.
This loyal #Steelers fan will still be a follower!
i do the three step plan:1.eval my life for sins 2. pray for the OPPOSITE n see if i get a 'no' 3. make decision n roll w it
Our friends at Crawl Apparel just launched their new clothing line! Gotta get fresssshh!
“Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction
sleep walking maybe lol
I just might have too
I was at the french speaker doe
Ha. A million is going to be tough but I will settle for first to 1,000 too. :)
check out www.vongrey.com....awesome band of sisters.
What do you call a robot that takes the long way round? R2Detour
either or, its working hah. And yeah, let's do a summer steampunk party. I don't think its been done...
foodtruck will be having dinner tonight/ tmrrw Fantastic option for a quick bite between #indyfringe show.
Check out The Wanted Emcees From St. Louis Missouri USA on iTunes!!
Just snagged a copy of Brian Doyle's Mink River off the besteller shelf at the library- I've been lurking for weeks to get it.
Woof woof woof
cite that episode when the girl takes up for the guy and the guy gets upset cause the girl stood him up.
WE ASSEMBLY IKEA FURNITURE IN LESS THAN 3 HOURS. NO MATTER WHAT YOU. Bedroom & Living room, furniture
just happened to see it haha. I figured it was autocorrect
Chris Gardner was amazing!Its about everyone that had a dream and never quit.
Your begging and pleading<<<<
you ain't never lied.
Art of beer includes
Oh well what can we do..we ain't the judges..
": wat up" WHAT'S UP BRUH
coming home friday. It's been a good trip.
RT : I think the flight paths at the airport have changed, we get a lot more noise than we used to.
Thanks for the follow!
depends--what is your idea for your project?
Dear ladies, if it takes more than two flushes, better save it for after you leave the bar.
Great way to start my weekend :)
So: School board directs staff to ID which schools to close. They do that. Then board cancels that process. Crowd applauds.
I had a great fukkin mornin interviewed got da job Now I'm @ da spital wit pops nothin good last 4eva but were blessed so we good
I agree, absolutely. But my point would just be that this absence is the third piece of the problem; Klein is right about
WATCHING NFL NETWORK LOVE THIS CHANNEL
very cool salt & lime
#mmaf2011 looking forward to sharing more, conference is great!
Posted up two new designs in our Spring/Summer Album. Check it out and let us know what you think!
come over, I'll make you a couple
I didn't win. Did I??
.we got it all taken care of.
Twitter keeps purging the people I'm following.
Wow #tarheels! That was a beautiful half. Another 20 minutes like that would be fantastic.
Watching the new #21JumpStreet ! Omg! I can't stop laughing! Just what we needed! #iheartChanning lol
sure as tomorrow
This has been an AMAZING Mothers Day !!!
I'm out and about in PB right now! Can we go tomorrow morning ish?
Why the F do I have in my timeline tweets of accounts I don't follow? Like disney? Is this some new advertising BS?
"Puny God"...“: Thinking about going to see Avengers again in a couple hours. Hmm...”
What does kus jaanipaeval pidu on mean? Or what language is it?
Wordpress would be unstoppable if it had a real content type system and something like Views from Drupal.
Pop goes the weasel
The amount of contented happiness I get every time I am able to get insurance to cover a medication is quite stupid, but good.
I thought I knew what stupid was... But then I met you. I hope there's only one of you.
Getting my hair and makeup done! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
He may not be a Hall of Famer, but I'd be pretty happy earning to World Series rings in my career. Congrats to Craig Counsell.
Good morning, Boston.
If I say so myself 's video at Elite Academy was pretty crunk!
Also, proof positive of the #cultural, #educational, #political and #heritage values of social media.
Just heard/saw big crash on 163n leaving Downtown SD. Fyi for news outlets & drivers trying to leave downtown. Car flipped on side.
Snark: the internet's euphemism for catty.
I like the idea of 14fps w/ mirror locked up. Blazing speed, and 18.1mp on a full frame sensor. Game changer!
restoring an old wedding album for a client. Scanning the photos, rebinding the album and creating a custom box. <3 Happy Anniversary.
Hoping against hope that someone else has built the perfect metadata management system and we somehow just haven't heard about it yet
ohh; that's wats up, so wats goiin on? That's sorta wierd that u hit me up after u told me off the other day! :(
Giving the tours at Great Lakes Distillery tonight at 4:30 & 6. Come hang out at our new tasting room.
Got to hang out with Denis Leary today at NMAH. Coolest internship ever!!
is excited to help plan Christmas Party Celebrations with organizations throughout Houston, Texas!
thanks to you and
Agree! RT : let me get a RT so that everyone knows we need to get Popeye's chicken back in the KY.
Underrated musical: Lucky Stiff
Where's the latest update? You guys awake yet?
the butterflies are going to be fun!
even more so when you spend all weekend in philly at a wedding ;-)
All good! Traveling and speaking and writing; where are you these days? Doing what? Let me know.
Somehow I managed to have too much caffeine.
CONFIRMED: will perform in the big room on 6/15! Listen for a chance to get up close and personal!!!!!
duck face, I hate you...
Please take advantage of my discount in efforts to expand my portfolio. Lets setup a non obligated consult for your next event. 857-203-1690
wasn't Peter a child as well?
Twitter rocks
that was a solid meatball session last night. I need to find out the ingredients in that sauce.
gracias for the
If you have a gf and try to talk to me or get my number I will disrespect you
- Welcome Bill! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Coaching best practices? Active listening, positive behavior reinforcement and use of open-ended questions. (T&D 2/2012, Bersin report)
They're all doing great! Belina/Carl Sagen is roosting right now, so has been hiding...but all is well!
I love when u smile
I can see the skyline of NYC in the distance . . Let this week begin!
The Bulls are in trouble dam they truly need D-Rose
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. ~ Thomas Edison
I thought it said last night that next week is the series finale. When does Kville air?
so howe is my dad doing? RT “: Oh now I'm being serenaded by shirtless Blatz man. It's my lucky day apparently.”
U cant progress life without payin dues!
my party is neexxttt weekend :D
For this reason, custom rings can be very useful
You are! Don't fall into the lie that everything is already packed
cool morning :D
Hi niall. I love you
Yes, definitely swing by. Welcome to
Shout out to the lil dick niggaz that always wanna hit it from the back....lol
a teacher, I would charge at least $20-$25 an hour.
ur not a historian 200 years from now
You can't move forward staying in neutral. Get moving. Keep smiling.
App Friday on www.momswithapps.com . Learn more about family friendly iPhone apps...often with promo codes!
Here we come Oil Kings!
I love,u and cant nobody stop that.
Omg just stop :/
Lets Go Pacers.
Thanks! Always trying to keep a watch for potential hacks. Keep the tweets coming!
“Leaders lead. A lot of people talk about leading, but in the end that’s all they’re doing. Talking. I have always led by example.” - MJ
Thank you so much Mar! It's all the teens though--they're fabulously smart & talented and are always pushing my thinking further!
no effing way Adam Yauch died????? THIS IS SO SAD.
Purple Angel-Good enough for world leaders, good enough fo me.
Learning to love yaself is the greatest love of all
At #internet #marketing #meetup learning about #seo and #socialmedia for
I love that Zory!!!
Two days ago, 80 degrees. Today, #snowday. Crazy, but I'll gladly take it. That's life in Colo Springs.
yesterday my daughter and I revised her resume & cover letter...this week job hunting since she don't Want to do summer camp.
Hey there, (MyPLN1), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
At least it didn't rain over the weekend
Why am I allergic to coffee?! #sad #idontcare #morecoffeeforme!
Stop with that kinky body jewelry.
I want to know what you think the best Fall Festival in the North Texas area is. Check out #AndreaBellSouthlakeRealEstate on Facebook.
I miss you my friend!
XD haha ;) that was pretty scary though i thought i was gonna die!
Take that, rewind it back!!
Would you rather have seen the WIAA shift the girls tourney to the UW Fieldhouse over the Resch Center?
his birthday past....ask him what he got me!?!
All athletes add Facebook.com/lacedfacts and be apart of the community
french oral final tomorrow. fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk and then french written final on friday. fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
We're going to skip opening for our first brunch this weekend to prepare for RESTAURANT WEEK! First brunch January 22nd from 10-2!
oh and it's at 7pm tomorrow not 7:30. Silly me lol
cant wait til sends the doggy gate for jacob. he's being naughty this week :(
we in there my dude! Everyone gon know who are if they don't already!!!
I love that "Buddy" from Just One Of The Guys was a Carjacker in an early episode lol
what do you think of the Pryor deal? u played cfb I am curious what u think of him as a teammate. Media blowing this up 2 much?
In an 80's mood today? Head down to for Ladies 80's +90's!!
I wanna go to an amusement park <3
When he sits down on the toilet
Jennifer Birdwell, contratulations on all of your new team members! Great week!
Just received a voice mail text via Google voice wondering if we can sleep together. I'm really hoping this is just poor transcription.
At the maps house for live Dara musk concert #usXsw will tweet pics later
Lol, me too...and being bulletproof in general!
Hope you enjoy our Hoosier Hospitality! Welcome.
We love building on iOS for #slpeeps, great link!
#charity “You must do the thing you think you cannot do.” -Eleanor Roosevelt #dogood #donate Home of the 2 Day Latte Fast!
Hahaha! Just saw a sagging pants gangsta lose his pants on the mall escalator.
Drink some tasty Organogold coffee without the bad effects of caffiene and the good effects of ganoderma. www.drblackston.organogold.com
its all good kid.. , youre the boss.....
Re:| She will have to wait to have her lips stapled... I'm sure its the only body part that hasn't been worked on...
Just went for a tour of the Tenement Museum. Interesting to see that they have lots of great food events.
whaattt I want
because I'm fucking hot.
Bed time. Gotta be up tomorrow for my graduation Why does it have to first in the early morning ?
RT: : More tickets sold for #BWSOTU 2012! Need to tell my cyber peeps how to get them before they're all gone!
i just want to take a shower and go to bed. i feel horrible.
yea tell me about
Not that I know. Mine's a fairly common surname.
Yeah! Champagne & Chickenheadz!!!
at #Academedia At Al Jazeera Stream "Trendsmap is your best friend."
I'm disappointed that Time didn't interview Lysa & Robin Arryn for the piece.
wow I want that in my bed
Umm it's directly under your mouth. Your welcome from captain obvious
top picks for conference mobile apps in North America: & Great apps. Great ppl.
Wouldn't have RTed if I didn't think it was good =) looking forward to more posts
Liking your work.. checking out your website - I'm a local sax player in Gilbert, AZ.
I know if remote controls kept getting more complicated they'd eventually have to start teaching classes on using them! :P
what!?! What fucktard is sayin that?!
wow robben, whew...bayern back line is a little scary!
I feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity. Oprah Winfrey
Unacceptable. Firing squad.
u know it, despite what he's done all game
thanks for the mention. When did your baby turn one? Mine just turned one on 7/30.
Gruene, Texas. You know we're talking Live Music there.
Sick of NY-AG's messing with teh financial sector. Look at AIG. Cuomo will have to defed himself this time
Thanks to all our friends ,family and fans for coming out to the fest yesterday to support Rainline.
I know Springboard is a great resource. I'm just saying it takes forever to load the pages.
Panthers put up 9 runs in the 4th. Without looking, i'm pretty sure that's the most runs they've scored in an inning this season.
#OnTheSpotDeal 1st person to show this tweet to one of our bartenders gets a prize! You have until 10:29, GO!
RT Come celebrate with us today at 12:30 for lunch. We are so sad to see them go.
Just got finished with one summer class & now another starts today
whoa. I would watch that.
haha no ma'am if you wanna keep that butt, squats and lunges
Mid-week grocery shopping sucks but then the thought of that addictive carrot ginger chicken they sell at whole foods is everything.
Thank you for your wonderful review...I love the points you made regarding Greek history!
RT : G+, I still don't get the value prop beyond what XKCD said- like Facebook, but not Facebook. | Yes, but THAT is huge.
John Prine concert tonight at the Overture Center!
if you're into electronic... anything by
so sad, but might as well celebrate the good stuff!
Can I just have a half-white from Harold's in Chitown today?! That would really make me smile. :)
That moment when you need a hug to make you feel better:/
Happy Friday to a few of our latest followers!
Learn all sorts of safety training with SafetySkills! Online training simplified.
I feel it, I’ma smoke it till it’s done And I don’t really give a
Ima be a
Cavs' Irving set to receive top rookie honor
$13 PIERCING PROCEDURES ALL DAY! All you have to do is mention this rad deal when you come in!! Applies to all basic piercings!
#ifwomendidnotexist i'd grow boobs
Who should our next feature be Fireflight or Sent by Ravens??
happy 100th, Fenway
because butt face
Wow, your two faced.
I will be sure to let you know about my next fashion dilemma, it usually involves a lot of orange
these refs suck. No consistency.
A true sign that you are maturing is when you are able to Master Your Emotions and not allow Your Emotions to Master You.
<U+266A> I swear they so cold! Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes <U+266B>
Not only is this a good day because #packers are in the SB but Gus Johnson is calling the Badger game...UNBELIEVABLE!!!
Fuckin whore I needed my fishing pole <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Get to see my bestfriend Tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> haha !
Philly just tricked this game off! Welp.... LETS GO LAKERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I wonder how they say it...
why twitter is not letting me send you a MSG?
45 minute meeting that ended with pondering on RDF quadruples. I <3 my job...
haha I figured you went home. Shit got real weird last night.
Well crap. guess it's time to upgrade the old desktop to Win7. Been dragging my feet on this for long time.
Dolphins mini-camp begins Fri w/new head coach JPhilbin & new rules: Strategy & player reps cannot be 'aired, blogged, tweeted, published.'
George Zimmerman is in Florida DLE custody; prosecutor press conference at 6 pm
Follow me and I def follow u rite back ;)
“: Friday Night - poetry 8P, Lisken Van Pelt Dus; music 9P, Emily Mure. No cover.”- on my way!
Playin on the Canyon...can I fly?
- no we aren't... we're allies. where'd you get that?
When developing business objectives, consider these 3 questions. Does it increase revenue, avoid cost and improve service?
Story of my life. RT Oh man. If only 10:30 were lunchtime.
Got my belly button peirced. (;
love it when songs have that triangle thingy then skaboosh.!...breakdown.
Got in trouble for doing the cat daddy in class today haha
WisDOT will provide schedule, answer questions re US 41/Mason St. interchange closure for construction. 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. 1940 w mason st.
u going to check out Transformers tonight! Give me the scoop later....nighty night!!!
haha okay so that's a funny story... I meant to send that to chacha instead of twitter, awk sauce!
lol shoots dad just barges in that's why I lock it. I'm like knock next time
i think im gonna shoot someonee -____-
Did you all vote ?
what the heck is wrong with these cops? Do they need to do a more thorough background investigation, prior to their hiring?
hey everyone ! going to the movies later ! anyone wanna tweet eachother ?
Pottery master with my boys
Our pleasure :) “: Big thanks to Silverpop partner for building the site! #spop12”
Im coming
HOW DO U GET IN TO MEET THE STARS DO U PAY AND HOW ARE U ABLE TO TALK 2 THEM AND INTERVEIW OR WHAT U DO TO PUT IT ON YOUR WEBSITE
of course! i'll DM you :)xx thanks so much, you have no idea what you helping me means to me!
Just hanging out at with and having a good time.
its aweful because it sets his heart off, and his pulse gets crazy.i hate having an ill child.
I like sticking my head out the car window and shouting songs at people with their windows open??
My bed has never been so happy to see me <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
coffee...yummy to tummy :-)
I wish someone would devise some sort of contraption for keeping track of engagements.
speaking of fantasy football, why is no one talking about how well Matt Moore is playing for the Dolphins?
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
#IfYouCheatOnMe you'll be one sorry son of a bitch.
Goodnight work in the am
Starving and I have close to no food and it's cold and rainy out. I need a delivery to my bedside
About to bump some TDE and knock out the homework
Nice win for the Hoosier's today!!!
If #OperationGetBinLaden had failed #Obama's career wld be done and he'd be solely to blame. The Credit goes both ways.
You dah mane doggy doggy!!
I’ve had the time of my life& I’ve never felt this way before& I swear this is true& I owe it all to you *DIRTY BIT*<U+270C>(><U+203F><U+2665>)<U+261C>(*<U+25BD>*)<U+261E>
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
good :D
Are you distraught about Noah...being a #noahfangirl. I wish they would quit showing the replay
Sweet! Margaret Cho is on !
Wow that's a lot of blood on Harper's face
I'm in! “: Someone wanna write the Bowie biopic with me and then cast Tilda Swinton as Bowie and then win all the awards?”
/// I hear ya. We still gotta collab. RT : The same. Writing & Living Life.
she has such an amazing aura in this whole scene. It intrigued me.
is on ABC's "Eye on LA" :30pm tomorrow. We take them to a few of LB's best "secret" dining spots. ch-ch-check it! happy wknd! <3
Got paid, saw the sun set, biked home in the gorgeous weather
RT : Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you. Mat 9:29 ~ #Amen One of my fav bible verses!
To my new friends who have "liked" this page. Thank you for stopping by and look forward to chatting with all of you!
Thanks! - also nice to see a #Jacket2 presence on Google+ (I added you to my #sparks) (via )
Good luck today on the coffee bro. Still plan on seeing you Thursday.
Suggestions for a good place to have a business dinner meeting for 15-20 people?? Go.
hahahaha, I was asleep. But just found out hilary's friend was wandering drunk last night. That's hilarious! I had no idea!
Nicole Blumenberg - YOU are this week's Facebook Fan of the Week! Congrats Nicole, stop in any time this week to receive $10 off your meal!
I called back and left a message so I hope they call back!! Omg
One week until super bowl, Lisa has a honey do list and no golf. Can anyone same Home Depot!!!!
Late thanks! RT :
hard to concentrate
Hey brother. How are things in Twitterworld?
The Record Rebellion will have a Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST.
Since I ordered the fight this time and the fam came over shoot they better order that fight on the 9th lol
yet another cassadine wonderful....
Eli on #SNL ... skit where he's trying to find a TD celebration move. Yep, he Tebowed. Again:
Thank you! Make it a great weekend!
#NowPlaying: "Feel So Good", by
HAHAHA, Ashley Tisdale on Punk'd. I can't.
your welcome and I hope you had a great birthday
#SAYSOMETHIN IS INFINITELY STUCK IN MY HEAD. KTHANKSBYE (:
Heey its sabrina from my friends got annoyed from me always tweeting ,so i decided2make my own account4him.<3(:
RT Assm William Horne presenting #AB258, regulating ipoker: "NV has been and should remain the world leader in internet gaming."
My mommy told her sister to GET HER LIFE today
peter, paul and deMARYious
Likely. You know #Hopkins smokes Lehigh.
Zoologists wrapped piglets up in tiger-print cloth, and presented them to the mother tiger who was depressed after losing her cubs. <U+FFFC>
you can never have too much 90s.
That last clip is worth it for the end alone. Concrete carve out + YOGA smash + Fist smash + EXTREME burn-in + tagline smash + crack apart.
PLANET OF THE APES MARATHON on ch 2.2.
Only God can judge me *Tupac Voice*
I think the proper term is "meh"
#AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : Can one of y'all braid my hair?
No way I can second guess AJ.
I'm hearing reports that my stamps are SOLD OUT! Alas. Re-print, re-print!
"My God shall supply..." (Phil 4:19) This is the essence of grace. MY GOD = Sure relationship, SHALL = Promise, SUPPLY = Increase
Hell yeah Rony! Let us know if u & your crew wanna party @ The Palms 4 free! We have a VIP Guestlist/Bottle hook up there!
#Derby day AND #cincodemayo on the same day? This must mean to celebrate x's 2
Can't deny that I want you but I'll lie if I have to~
Getting lost in Lubbock looking for a Sprint store
P.s. thank you for stealing the one thing that I have been waiting most of my life to do on my own, with my own strength.
looks delicious, i myself am partial to asian cuisine
More like...
if you are reading this RT it or favorite it :)
QA's receives first Star-Spangled kiosks - The Star Democrat
G'Night Lianna. Have a good week!
Every day is a new chance to further your ambition and your dreams!!!
My self-portrait looks a little pissed.
u still forgot about me?...it's almost a year :-(
A bobcat now lives in the kitchen of the abandoned #DVhistory Ash Meadows Brothel
Order sent to Elisabet in WA!
We CAN respond to behavior, require responsibility and accountability. Kids are suffering. Inaction is unacceptable.
If I was smart, I'd at least get something rugged for my iPhone. The basic case is only $20
i was thinking you want to super freeze something, then smash it. Way off!
Know what you mean. Science Fair project due in 2 weeks, don't know if it's going to happen! And me stressing about it.
Food Fact of the Day: March 18, 1863 Women rioted in Salisbury, North Carolina, to protest the lack of flour and salt in the Confederacy.
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
So productive! Thanks! :) RT : The tally so far: paid a parking ticket, went to post office, dropped off donation at Goodwill.
When the results are tabulated, this will totally not go down as one of my greatest weeks ever.
are you going to be wearing 3 or 7 for ???
Stuck in PA. Fixing my alternator. By my goddamn self. And I ain't no mechanic... Should be interesting.
Onion rings are here!
is psyched to see Lindsay Mac & Natalia Zuckerman in concert tonight.
#15peopleilove Hes been my btb since like forever and he's always there to talk to it was great getting to meet you! :)
It's very hard (not impossible, just very hard) to understand a particular social medium w/o using it.
Fuck dallas weather. Stuck in Little Rock. wish we were stranded together. At least memphis has elvis..
They must have fixed it, tho the history of stationary wld be a cool topic too! Anyway, congrats & enjoy yr 15 mins.
Win the lottery commit you life to Christ Join us 4/7 wit Fundraiser
What's the over/under on Blackberry folding before BB10 devices launch?
OH YEAH! I had an Italian orange soda thingy, mom had the coffee.
will do
my birthday today happy
I am so blessed! I couldn't be better than how God is blessing me now
"The school is the last expenditure upon which America should be willing to economize." ~Franklin D. Roosevelt
Today was a hot one!
I Cant wait too see that episode
Its REMAINS!! the WOMEN in my family are NUTS!!! CRAZY!!!
I hear you... I get in a funk when I don't have the SUN!
Nvm you poke donkey sauce!
Just wondering why a turkey bacon avocado is $5 but turkey avocado is $6.20. I have to pay to NOT get bacon? Logical? NOPE!
M I'm delighted. I'm looking for creative ideas
I'm gonna die if I don't win Wiz tickets lol.
Anyone wanna hang out at Shenanigans tomorrow night in Dahlonega, GA?! New start time: 9:30pm.
I actually feel bad driving on the Pike W and watching the parking lot heading East. My advice is to listen to
As a housewife, I feel that if the kids are still alive when my husband gets home from work, then hey, I've done my job. -Roseanne Barr
kittens and puppies for dinner like fuck everybody
Most people in the United States get convicted RIGHT OUT OF THEIR OWN MOUTH. USE your right to remain silent. Keep your mouth shut!
Webinar on "Outcome Learning" - taking #elearning to the next level. Feb 15: ttp://www.interactiveadvantage.com/upcoming-webinars.html
I be that pretty mothafucka harlem what I rep .
That new Pepe Bradock, imbroglios part 1. This is what's hot en los barrios!
Damn...You Have A Smile That Could Light Up A Room :)
So many great memories.. Big love to you #DetroitGem :)
"Or is everything im doing to late"
Yep, that is how I felt when watching the Hubble IMAX movie! “: Billions of stars. Feeling insignificant. #hubble #tellussome”
this website i found
please hurry up and get your ass down here. i need you so much!
"Children imitating cormorants are even more wonderful than cormorants." True dat, Issa!
dont feel bad i wasnt either... lol.. how you been? ~ Kevin
I miss the Litter Robot.
You have to stay in shape. My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60.
Awesome, thanks! I will come by on Friday morning, then.
Tangerine: greatest Zeppelin song and tasty snack. That's one hardworking citrus fruit.
did you get a chance to check us out at VaultBox.me? Let me know if you want that free upgrade.
I wish some one could understand me but then again who understands anyone...
Scissor Sisters tickets purchased.
only 3 years and already a member of the
Why does Ball not get respect? His numbers are so much better. Cuz he not in SEC?
probably not on:/
you just want him on Gol tv Phil
OH THANK GOD RT : POTUS weighs in on comments in regional interviews.
Crying. Feel like chundering. i want my tablets. i want sleep. i want to be able to look after myself independently.
lmao hit 30 u will be a grandma then...
I'm going to go ahead and call this sugar/caffeine rush a "productivity kick". But what's the difference anymore, right?
So wrong! Haha! ": Lindsay Lohan Playboy magazine cover was leaked. I have seen it. My review. I gave it 3 1/2 inches."
I hate waiting in long lines
Just repping the pike/pine hood.
best starting five in baseball! #nats will be a contender in the NL East this year.
No kidding. 2012 is knocking on the door.
totally. i can't wait to drink all of it.
Just can't help it.
Thanks so much for following us :))
we need to talk if possible man due to diablo 3 having pvp etc we need to start a team for it cause the most we can do is 4v4
RT : Life is like riding a bike.. In order to keep balance you MUST keep going!! Go forward!!!
Thanks Spencer! RT : Two great events for 2012!! Everyone has got to check them out!!
Happy First Day of Spring!!! Bring on the beautiful flowers & beautiful days. Let the spring cleaning commence
tickets purchased!
LOVE my new job.(:
I will never put silicone in my ears. That shit is FUCKED.
Fascinating! Reading now. :)
It's been pretty epic, I will say :D
My body is not used to physical labor. Now I cant control my mouse or hold my wine glass without my hand shaking.
hmm, I wonder why its the best month lol
Everybody follow and lets help get them to 3k .. Retweet retweet retweet. FOLLOW THEM IF YOUR NOT FOLLOWING NOW
great! I'd love to help!
Thanks, all, for a great night of discussion on #OccupyTheNews / #otn / #occupysd. Next up, a holiday mixer for journos (& news junkies).
Oh jeez, that's no bueno. Can't wait to see you tomorrow!
Firat Ted Ginn Jr. and now Ryan Tannehill? Miami, you SUCK at picking in the first round
what did he have an accent on?
listening to literally makes my night 10000x better.
Do people think Obama is at fault for the so called double dip recession? republiCONS set it up with 8 yrs of screwups, wars, etc...
I'm 8 blks away. I'll tweet u when the music stops to meet up, if ur still downtown.
#Rheumatoid #arthritis can be difficult to diagnose. Many other conditions resemble it and its symptoms can develop insidiously.
Delicious question! My answer this week: holding my boy! RT : What do you love most about what your body does for you?
I should probably just go to bed. I was just feeling lonely b/c FB becomes a ghost town after 2:00
opens July 15 on #HStreet! That rooftop deck is looking AWESOME!
This just reminded me of when all you boys sang You've Lost That Lovin Feeling to me @ Michigans on my birthday! Awww.
I can't lie, and I'm not even ashamed: I just really love The Nate Berkus Show.
an xs female would probably fit a 10 yr old boy.
count me in on that fight....you are one hott commodity lady <3 <3 <3
a dream
Roasting marshmallows with the kids. They didn't know you were allowed to build a fire during the day.
I prefer to eat food until I explode than deal with people
I see why people delete their twitters now. Mfs be on their own dicks too much. Humble yourself thanks
hello, hello Beautiful! =)
if you do, your ratings will be through the roof.
Maybe I like Gerty better. Good thing I'm not having kids... They'd HATE me!
I flirt with almost everyone but like NONE lol
Need anything from me for tomorrow?
yeah, i guess i just meant it looks pretty cool. i don't always think "cool" when i see patchwork. you know what i mean?
Holy cow. Are you following brain surgery this am?
Getting my #PaulyDPregame on by watching season 5 of Jersey Shore and tweeting about it like a sitchaddict haha
haha how cool, never heard from that place
coffee, cigarettes and vodka, because I always wanted to be a model
Please note that is not a user and insert our active account instead Thank you!!
Just did an all day workshop on consultative sales with a great team of Realtors! I'm mentally energized, yet physically exhausted.
Yeah, more Kid Rock songs.
Walking around Milan today. Climbed to the roof of the Duomo--great & impressive. Now I know why it took 400 years to build.
Knicks haven't won a playoff game since 2001.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. May God bless you to continue to give life and guidance.
I think he'll get call-up today, but I can't confirm. Troy's with team. RT : can they give freidrich a look please?
will u plz follow me plzz
oh what is it!??
Thnx Michael Cadden @ Ocho - Best cocktails ever including the Old Fashioned w/ his cigar tincture. Can't believe he slipped me the recipe:)
please follow me. It would mean to much. God bless..
seems like the difference between the M's and a good team this year is about 1 inning a game
looking for company?!? Me and are available!!!!
sketching at every stoplight. Have accidentally written 'negativland' 2x.
US govt uses 2% of all the oil consumed in the US and 75% of that is liquid fuel to move stuff around
Drastically. Just think of the economics alone, of having to gather clean water each day!
Pernix Therapeutics Introduces Omeclamox-Pak®, First Product in ...: Clarithromycin and amoxicillin are antibacterial drugs, which in...
Welcome to San Diego! Nothing like living in a postcard called heaven!
If you only knew my past....my real past....but you gonna ask the right questions to really know
um my phone won't let me put a pic up
south stand is pumped and ready!
hey yalll happiest Thursday :))))
Hey fcdallas how many more injuries can you fake????
F*ck Mercury - I'm in retrograde
On friday, my 3 books, my CD and my DVD are gonna come :-) so I just gotta survive tomorrow till I'm gonna have a beautiful day in my room.
$2.00 Off Any Sandwich! Click the "coupon" tab under our profile pic to print your coupon.
Juliet was not that great tonight but she was still good
The heat lost again I'm really mad
IT IS THAT TIME!
*walks outside* "Yep, it's hot." #toughjob RT : 13 heat risk assessments down. 11 more to go.
i do. That's molly
Just found that today is Secretary's Day, but that it's now called Administrative Professionals' Day. Our culture is dying.
That's not much help then :P
I remember when there was good music on
As if I have to be told. RT : Paddys has a tent alert
I tell niggas dont watch me, watch that time on that big face
Sleep well Hon!!xoxoxoxoxo
Cotto got that one!
some people just never change.
Dude, if I was ever to walk out into the face of a Zombie Apocalypse or my worst nightmare, it would start in that creepy tunnel.
this could help on your project RT Simply the best image-based curation service! bit.ly/tchMDJ
if you are dating a swimmer raise your hand, if you aren't dating a swimmer raise your standards
Congrats to our #winner! A fella that describes himself as 'an overall nice guy' wins CodeSquare PRO for free...
Ah, of course I have a mystery class I didn't know I had to take.
Not a #Stoner Beeeitch.... But She Like Me Tryna Get That Final Cut Like Spike Lee :)
Friend: Gaga sucks. Me: Here, drink this. Friend: Er...Ok.. *Friend Dies*. *911, what's your emergency?* Me: I just killed an Idiot.
Excited to launch our recurly subscription system! Could you guys check into support ticket #8791 so we can rock this?
GO BRA AND UNDIE SHOPPING WITH ME
no. only bcc.
The Librarian from Basra by Jeanette Winter: Book-lovin' librarian breakin' the law...
All the furniture is in the garage.
Totally agree! I really badly want the Bruins to win tonight so that for the third year straight they get Philly.
tears are ever emotion people cry when the sad , happy,and females even cry doing sex.. well mine does..followed by a dont stop or somethin
Congrats! It was all downhill after Ohio State edged Loyola.
Man I Love Popcorn:))so yummy</3
RT “: Hammocks actually improve sleep quality and make people fall asleep faster.” it all makes sense now..
waiting for #BOYFRIEND to be realesed DUH hbu? Lol
im nasty af on this fl
if you were to say that on youtube that wouldve been epic xD lol. i thought that was funny. Good Job on that.
How'd it go girlie? ": I'm gonna get teenage girl wasted tonight #WhoWantsToPartyGood"
Just visited a friend's restaurant on H st ne & was stopped in my tracks when I saw adobe design showroom. What a glorious sunny afternoon!
Just sliced my thumb open on a can of oranges. Wont stop bleeding. Faaaaackk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
- Thanks so much Inktel Direct! The team is thrilled to win the Innovation Grant...
Hahaha I wish I would've been there!
Done with my final! Going to get my nails done and eyebrows done too ;)
I need some new friends
that would be great!!! <U+263A>
is my bff.
Dag nabbit! You are going to miss the new song! :p
Eating popcorn and watching Comedy Central.
Freshest Casio to add to collection..the new packman Casio.best ValueVillage find eves
Lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer.
congrats on the new place. Sounds electrifying. Anyway I could plug in a powerstrip or 2? Extension cord maybe?
Happy Platypus Day? That was in March... hawkward...
thank you for coming out to the pre bay celebration. hope you had fun chasing the soccer ball!
Oh my god starting pitchers are bad so far. Yikes. Could be in for a long season
Darius Rucker banged out Hootie & the Blowfish tunes at a country gig—does he hate only getting ovations for the old stuff?
Listening to the Made in the Library webinar.
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 visit us
haha he doesn't know yet but he will
And I was hoping you could answer my Pintrest questions.
The Islands at Riverlake is located 5 min. from downtown Sacramento to the north and Elk Grove's abundant shopping district to the south.
For those who really know me, im real laid back.
listening to MIGUEL!!
im in an eminem mood today.
This season of American Idol has been great and it has zero to do with the lame ass judges. These new contestants can really sing.
thats what I'm looking for . No contract so I can back out whenever I want.
"Instagram went from a gated community to Section 8 all in one day!" -lilDuval <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> (he play too much)
I’ve not only taken the dive back into writing, I’ve become fascinated with how writers are using social media to build their careers
"Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy" -2 pac
I just restarted it for the third time in hopes of the same thing. Such a good show.
My cat has taken over the pillows. I'm drunk maudlin and tired. Sigh.
long story
Hughes got his ankles broken during Cromartie's return to end the game as well. Another example of bad coaching from the Colts.
lol that may have to happen
you could have anyone you want, why mee?
no,thank you c:! and I'm already ahead of you on facebook n.n!
RT Finalising the details of our first #sprucedp funding awards. The call opens on Tuesday!
Fresh flowers in a guest room can really cheer up a simple space
we need gloves, breathing masks, wire cutters, boxes w lids, safety goggles, laundry items for #tornadorelief pick up
I love being proved wrong in really wonderful ways.
Excited to be at CUNY-GC to hear talk about Now You See It, her new book on attention.
yup, but I doubt I have any luck...so oh well
Better number for those hitters than it was agains Verlander
People need to stop taking these GHETTO photos! WHY YOU HAVE ALL THAT JUNK IN THE BACKGROUND (dirty clothes, hair spray, messy beds, WTF)
Can i hit in the condo? Can i hit it in the mornin like alonzo?
Thank you, my brother. I will shower my sexthoughts on your tweetpods. Oh dear. Too far?
“: I'll have a plate of slut with a side dish of orgasm tonight for dinner!!!!” with a second helping, I hope!
#Dolphins taking Lamar Miller makes little sense. Need to upgrade WRs, not add to deep group of runners.
game not ready for leaderboard yet, the game is over (DGpy5-t3)
We jus do us. You jus copy them
that is actually bow tie pasta, not spaghetti....some foodie you are ;)
Judge Emmett say he views Harris County as its people, an organism of 4 million diverse citizens
love you too blakey
In the garden. Want to see what all the fuss is about. Crowd electric.
Heck I know more than you know you know ! -WillFerrel <3
congrats! since you dont really remember the first 1/3 of your life this means you've been together half your lives!
He will always my baby. I need him right now .. his touch his kiss. His hugs
I'm starting to worry about the Yankees' season this year.
This was before djgpp. Pretty soon I was on Linux doing the real thing :p
Happy Thanksgiving good people ...
That's right it's Sunday and I'm off work! Football tweets aplenty!
with all the new mess seems like #cainwreck was an eternity ago. praying all is well with you. : D
Watching movies with my little sissy <3
Biggest laugh line so far!
Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!
Girls taking girls from they boyfriends now days !
Traveling home is always farther:/
all my calls today are to voice mailboxes...maybe there is no one out there. Did 2012 end without me?
even i remember those days when you and miller shared a porch
Sorry i havent been around. been icu and facing my 23rd surgery since carwreck.
Hey Shawn thanks for follow, who exactly is SuzyQ? Besides the name of the song?
RT : Facebook agrees to buy photo network Instagram for $1 billion in cash and stock
track meet
Guess Kobe call himself trying to motivate his squad huh
This weather is making me thirsty.
Can you believe these ignorant teabagger terrorists are actually trying to ruin our great Socialist dreams?!! We MUST RAISE TAXES!
Eating a firecracker popsicle.
haha, no x( no one will let me since I'd most likely kill everyone remotely near me
why does yalls conversations make me giggle?
Its actually not tho . I've dyed her hair plenty of times it stays the same .
Or my full name Joseph D'Ambrosio thank you and hope you enjoy it I do.
mid-night showing of eclipse!!
Audition Tip: Very few singers sound good a cappella (without accompaniment). If possible, avoid it.
Good to know for those of us who live in Washington...
Pimp C? Are you saying don't judge her or don't judge you? Lol
just got off of work wbu!(:
then I'll just pursue for the truth! Good luck w your head in the sand
yes, you are. we're terribly sorry about that... it was supposed to be a surprise.
we're so thankful for people like you!
94% of #students earning a bachelor's degree now borrow to pay for #college - up 45% since 1993:
So sorry, we are booked for the next couple of nights. Good Luck!
Up O.O
great minds think a like bro
Just got done with the show. 230am. Not even tired. Tomorrow is going to be fun.
anyone have pictures of solidarity tents around West Bank or Gaza relating to hunger strike?
All of our server and website issues are resolved. If you continue to have issues, please let us know.
So I didnt realize I sent that twice..... :)
Sometimes I love girls && other times, i SWEAR i'd cut their throats. -__-
It's gonna rain but I don't mind. It relaxes me. :)
Welcome! Crazy day full of running we hope!
Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die
I remember the first time I listened to Fire Bomb, I cried. That's how strong as an artist is. #Love&Respect
Seattle, you've just contracted a nasty infection of the Mattbrowns.
Happy Ides of March, everybody! :D
We are spiritual beings having a human experience
The #Bulls 2012 season came to an end Thursday evening with a loss to the Philadelphia 76ers in Game 6 of the first round of the playoffs.
Off to rochester!
What a finish.
I hope he didn't have a wheezing attack.
Have a good evening, all, especially #RyanKennedy!
Hey, nothing much, and what about you
I'm cooler than a fridgerator.. .Sweeter than a Now&Later. . . . #R.I.PDOLLA ILYUH NDD MISS YUH CUZZIN :-)
Should Washington state privatize selling liquor? Another booze battle goes to the voters.. Whadaya think?
Some people are not scared to die, but they are too scared to live.
Exhausted. Finally bed time.
Give a person a fish and you feed them for a day; teach that person to use the Internet and they won't bother you for weeks.
He's too short anyway though.
nite sean sweet dreams
hey love. I used a gorgeous pic of u on my FB to promote my makeup business. Check it out.
RT : boring realtors for boring people. you have your niche! :) - NICE CALL on that one!
Perfect weekend in Plano with ! Chilis for lunch with and now what to do??#donewithfinals #summertime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I am super psyched to hear talk about 7 Blogging Ideas That Will Brand Your Business and Make You the Voice of Your...
Fuck staying up till 5 & having to get up at 11:30 to go to a funeral. I mean damn might as well kill me.
“If you´re lucky enough to be different from everyone else, don’t change.”- Taylor Swift
yes it shows up on my Bluetooth and I have done a soft reset
Ok then
Why of course, Ki Ki. I almost always follow those that follow me
is off to bed knuckle-heads got a busy day tomorrow including an early morning! Check me out on COMCAST OnDemand though!!!
Thank you for being such a fan, Frank. Hope we'll see you again soon!
um what was last night ? Someone please tell me.
ditto! Our magazine showcases international #artists with a west coast perspective. Excited to be in the CA publishing family
Sec. Squier rejects call for public Medicaid restructuring task force; failure to involve Indian tribes may violate state law htt
#erl12 it is hoped that GOkb, by being open & accessible to anyone, allows for future development & syncing with existing local kbs
Tonight's jazz - the David Linard Trio No cover!
When someone puts you down , don't wait around for someone to pick you up. Pick your own ass up and get further up than you've ever been
We are here :) Happy Friday to you!
run towards always run towardsA
Ohh pandora you and me are besties right now. Lovin the Michael Jackson station this morning!
What we're into this weekend:
When's the A-Team sequel coming out? Don't act like you don't want it.
C is for Cookie...that's good enough for me!
Until u walk in my shoes u can't question anything cuz u just don't know
Love your song "Call me Maybe' i am now a huge fan of yours good luck in your future and keep up the hard work!!! <3 <3
One day my dreams WILL come true.
RT: Not in San Fran anymore, Toto. Bored guard @ apple store Wed night- no flowers or candles #apple bit.ly/qSQeYy
RT : Much needed time spent !
Man I'm so mad our call ting didn't work out last night... you let's figure it out and try again
Coffee and a snack before court, because this is gonna take way longer than expected.
A two-day late thanks to for the #FF shoutout! lol
you know you're in harlem when you can get lucky charms for $2 #DEAL$
were my part of the story :(
are you going to Starlight's Stellar Night Gala tonight?:)
A few stronger thunderstorms possible over SW and SC WI, Thursday. At this point, not expecting them to interfere with state tornado drill.
#thingsiwoulddo I slap wit my cock
RT : Everyone welcome Whitney Mercilus to Houston
So true! Merci RT : Ok. If y'all think is just pastry & tomato soup, think again. Delish! Can't wait to share more...
Nothing in the section on unfair play on the changing hands. Just distracting the batsman, fast and short, high and full.
I wouldnt say twitter issues i guess my guts are hated forreal RT GM someone else has twitter issues with you sir
u already know me Retard lol
Good question - if you get towel service you can use it at any of our locations.
Urge Dems in Congress to develop a spine & pass meaningful healthcare reform w/public option in Ted Kennedy's honor. Pls RT!
Everyone seeing & & & have a blast today give them all hugs for me :)
YOU GONE DIE TONIGHT. In the litter box
Thanks to all our attendees, and welcome to all the new Tweeters!
do you swing both ways?
Long Beach business of the week goes to for sharing their Mixer event details with us. Makes us more excited for the Festival!
it's not a diet it's a lifestyle! of course we can do smoke shack
I will be in NYC this week. Who knows maybe we will bump into eachother? Anywho, have any suggestions where to eat or must sees?
Do you like pillows?
Tired hate working saturday mornings #shortlazy weekend
We flushed out a lot of market manipulation today. It was messy and nasty, but needed.
Please All Followback Me =D
put a picture when you get it (:
Sure can! go to www.urbanharvest2011.com or you can pay cash/check at the gate!
Don't forget to come in and cash in today's deep discount, Ultimate Nutrition Iso Mass Extreme Gainer, for only $53.99! Save $36!
- Tryna Cancel Sum So i Can Make Tattoo Party . . Might Get Them "DJN" Initials ! Haha . .
dusttyyy is crazy talking guests... you not bula n I'm not hazel! Hello!
are you performing in maryland any time soon??
That too.
Oooovechkin!!!! That's picture perfect
Testing a new idea for museum trips of the future. Can we track where kids are located through hashtags?
#LevonHelm certainly had The Right Stuff. Dead @ 71.
You either know when you meet her..or You know when you lose her..
“: We're gonna call our new record "Handwritten." Can't wait for you to hear.”
he met her at a club? Yeah, that's gonna last.
My favorite part of print production has to be placing copy. It's like a giant puzzle, with words for pieces.
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all the beautiful mother's
Great to see at the Washington Business Hall of Fame. Executives making a difference in the #dc community
CANT WAIT TTO DO A PHOTOSHOOT!!
So...was it just me, or was the REALLY loud last night?! Well done, fans.
Check out the "Home" giveaway promos on
finished "at home" today. on to my next book -- "a wrinkle in time" or "from the mixed-up files of mrs. basil e. frankweiler"?
We've been so energized: #FieldConnect Mobile selected 2012 Top Product! 2 years in a row; #SalesTouch was so honored in 2011!
Gonna tear it down at New Hope South campus Sunday morning! Be there 10:50! Worship Jesus with us!
I love see goodlook woman
I'm gonna bat! #woo lmfao...i'm gonna fail at the same time :P
your fist is tiny!!!!
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! =) I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
#BieberOnTheVoice Justin just killed it on stage
I'm sure EVERYONE ELSE IN THIS PUBLIC CAFE appreciated the eyeful I was just treated to when I looked up "tribadism" on Wikipedia. NSFW.
Yeah, after a HOT March we have had a rather cool April. Let's hope May is nicer.
haha! Bald is best!
I wanna go home.
What's your favorite Denver restaurant for ravioli, lasagna, spaghetti?
by June of that same year they will all start a new hobby
As of 2 hours ago, HMG made the switch from PC to Mac! :D
what a game!!
Y'all are making it easier for me. To decide who I should keep around.
you can read chinese?
Business and warfare are both about strategy, tactics, objectives and execution. Is your business "winning the war"?
I have to try it one day..... Hopefully someone else would be paying cuz they ain't cheap! Lol
It's officially Spring! Time for Spring cleaning. Out with the old technology, in with the new!
More, more, more!
I wish we could get a bowl of Starbux Oatmeal (modified) and watch Being John Malkovich. Right now.
Gateway included, full credit card data portability, and card tokenization makes Recurly a smart business decision
Thanks for all your hard work and good luck.
can't wait to see will beckett
GOOD MORNING !!<3
Thank you for finally showing up Seguin! Game 7 here we come.
"YOU LOOK LIKE SHIT"
already been playing it since it came out
ASSHOLE! DICKHEAD! BASTARD! I HOPE YO PUNK-ASS GETS FIRED!
at 219 on Lavaca and 4th, grabbin a bite. Come on over!
Nice blog.. Where were u during the SBF Face-off last year? Lol
“It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit
Erika, you're my 1,000 follower. Love to gift you a copy of Telling Lies. Send me your email and I will do.
Can't wait to be cuddling with
Doing a promo print shoot for a University today. Will I end up on a bus? Subway station stop? Or in the half-off bin? :-P
that sounds good
im so happy its friday
If alex thinks Tanisha looks nice wtf does the rest of the world look like
~I think everyone a Lady A'd out. I know I am.
we shot a video with Prez Pulliams - a walk and talk about dah upcom'n school year, did the 10-min vid in ONE take. best president EVAH!
And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations. - Matthew 24:14
it was alright. Just no English what so ever.
Thanks for following. I would love to have you on Industry Revue In the Mix!
I did Negro...
The body never lies. Working on tuning into my gut instinct.
Thanks for the follow - and thanks for your work with Levi Johnston ;-0
my friends like justin bieber? whos that? and im like r u serious? turns out, she didnt know who u were. crzy right!
You dated a girl without knowing, stopped talking to her then you sent her an inbox saying you missed her. I admit I like you & you leave me
My Ma Is Grilling out Tommorrow...
Looking forward to it.
Happy Monday! fitness tip: A Little Dehydration Has a Big Impact. Stay hydrated at all times throughout the entire workout.
KASTLES FANS: Wish well in her recovery from a left wrist injury by tweeting her a message. Show Hot Rod how much DC cares!
I'm getting an error when I click on your link!
Sync the HTC One X with Microsoft Outlook
is tired. But Lost is back tonight! Yes!
That is to complicated for my brain!
duh Austin Mahonee llol he has come so far in the last year <3 Mahomie4Life
": So cold out and I have to stop and get gas ugh!!" I'll pump it for you gurl, where um @? lol
registering for a conference and coordinating a practicum.
Show of hands: Super Wal-Mart, Chick Fil-A, and Chili's in space currently occupied by Central Park.
Gunna get me some taco bell before work.
Passion, or Eros as Plato called it, moves toward the creation of Form.
I will envy you forever. Disney cruises seem epic!
is in for the
So is a high traffic on your blog any indication of more intersts in the real estate market? or just good marketing?
This time it was it should be aggressive selfishness
Tobin Ost wins Outstanding Set Design Craig Noel Award for the Old Globe's Jane Austen's Emma!
Lunch with Jealous ?
Come on offense! This is embarrassing!
Somewhere in the world a woman is taking off her lace front and saying to herself i shut it down today.
Riding in my wheel late night left arm on the steering wheel red light cops in my rear view
Tickets booked for Vegas! WSOP/VDE + ElectroDaisyCarnival (and maybe some table tennis? ) Now - finishing med school app.
i just figured out mod suns real name.....ha
“: I'm one boob, you're the other boob and together...we're breast friends.”
All I do is eat Indian food and blog! Luckily next week there will be some sightseeing!
MISERY AND UNHAPPINESS, LOVES COMPANY! SMH!
HA. Gross..... You need a spray tan ;D
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP8
off to erin's house.(:
My nails are too long.
We hope you enjoyed your visit! RT : At the Dallas Holocaust Museum!
#Santorum stumbling thru victory speech hitting familiar talking points: god, reagan, obamacare, family, even pronounced it "missouruh" yawn
If people say something is cheap... It's still worth something... Cheap is better than worthless... Talk Is Cheap..
RT : How many Alpha Chis are going "Alpha" at the #Derby?
economic impact is important to foundations.
I got a few different colored tank tops, and neon pink sandels! Ahh they're so cute.
I guess you can't have sunshine without some rain.
Blew out my multi-meter building a guitar amp. The most disappointing part is that the meter only had a week left until retirement.
Buying the woo woo woo t-shirt, mad credit.
Another kid who attack the 17 year old man Easley Wu- Big Jacket with fur hood. Blue Stripped Adidas pants.
No! Well, maybe. We can say it will go for ministry, and also for at least one schnitzel a month.
The Ecliptic Express was a luxurious first-class, inter-city train used by Umbrella for employee travel through the Arklay Mountains.
It was so lovely - impressed with our outing to Safari West too. Living on a vineyard: idyllic
love it. Welcome to the grindstone.
go to 62nd and oxford. Follow the sound of the black eyes peas
Yooooo serious question....my avi too promiscuous? Lol seriously...tell me.
Slidedog lets you combine PPTs, presentations and many file types into a unique playlist on your desktop.
Happy New Year 2012 from all of us at S4TC! Lots of big news heading your way so stay tuned & tell your friends & family about us! Thanks!
nah lol I was recordin lmao but I'ma call u tonight promise I'm Gnna let u kno on here b4 I do though
Cute Asian bitches... I Like that !!!
Jordan Jefferson already got waived lol
I know that yost does some strange things and can't leave the lineup alone but the fault lies in ownership, not Yost
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil You took off your sunglasses and hat
Why is it there so much interest in limiting the #of marijuana dispensarys in the wards but no interest in doing the same for group homes?
“: Simple question: how many citations were issued to cyclists last year? Let's see the numbers.” great question!
Bubble Tea! Yum!
that tuna fish sandwich i just ate>>>>>
My brain is still flipping in circles over 's #doctorwho. Brain=overload. Brain=misfire. :-D
Call me crazy for obsessively planning things. But, I think you're crazy because you don't.
film another movie together and rekindle the fire;)
Someone please call the Ten Sports SL commentator and tell him he does not need to say "Sir Ian" all the time. Dumbass!
For #sotu coverage follow
Cool. Not eating tonight because food is messy.
Look into Audio Technica. Solid noise-canceling, rich audio with good bass, and a great price. ive got buds n over ear; love em
Michigan with two baserunners in the top of fourth. Next up, Ashley Lane who hit a grand slam in the opener, a 5-1 Michigan win.
Love following you all! Please follow back
well looks like something we're gonna have to spent meaningless hours playing.
I'm in westchester. They aren't supposed to have these trees either.
Thanks guys! Heard good things about ProductCamp the weekend before. is hosting some killer events, eh?
I miss NYC
Yes. I still like him. But he needs to go to L'ville to figure things out. Reds are giving up a game a week right now.
The ref's red and yellow cards in the #HOUvPOR match have blended together to become a hue of orange seen only in nature everywhere at BBVA.
they only get $100!?!? Wow.
Missouri voters could decide on higher cigarette tax - Kansas City Star
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Fedde Le Grand - So Much Love - (Original Club Mix)
ah....im loosing my voice already >;/
Would you rather have no thumbs or no knees?
Thank you! I took a half day.... Lego Land and Under Water World!
Vegas! RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&KholeTake...
hey its becca
Cry if you need to
Know your friends but know your enemies better.
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: Blanket Loans are available for multiple properties
Let us cook tonight...we have a dinner plate with your name on it!
Happy 1st bday to the Scotland yard 187 st paul st happy hour to celebrate at 530
Okay, Koln is affordable. Getting our passport stuff ready right now.
WILLIAM.FUCKIN^h^h^h HEBREW.HAMMER!!!
Heading into day 3 of lost baggage "irregularity" with Wrong bag delivered to house at midnight. Pro tip: check bag color?
Psycology is really boring
I think in post-apocalypse America, people will have to fight off rampaging bands of fundamentalist Christians.
SIXTH MAN OF THE YEAR OUTCHEA KNOWING HIS ROLE...
go Juliet!
#lrnchat Scott Lewis Redley College in Reedley CA - I learned weather reports are seldom correct
I finally see the freight train that wakes me up most mornings - now I'm stuck at the tracks-
:D you guys are gonna be HUGe!!!!!! :D
I'd love a follow please!
Tribe Steppaz/ Prime Mover bookings go to.. WWW.PREMIEREARTISTSGROUP.COM
Yes, maam! Can't believe she is only 16...can you imagine what she will be like 10 years from now? Awesome!
i bought this spanish book a few years ago when I was first learning and the first phrase in the book was, "Una copa de vino."
nice seeing you. Sorry had to pass on the drink. Would have loved to hang out. Next time!
Exactly! The end.
Brandon Rios got his ass kicked..Abril was ahead every round! No wonder MMA is more popular than boxing! With decisions like that
Ok, sounds good! Look forward to seeing you. Hit me up when you get in town. The whole fam would love to see you!
REC's creepy girl in the attic > Quarantine's old dude in tighty whities
2 more days!
don't you just love Vancouver weather :)
I didnt think he would :P he'll follow you someday, dont worry!
Happy Mother's Day to all my fab n "posh" hot momma's out there! Enjoy your day!
Real rap niggas...
ah. well I'm sure he'll think you're cool too UNTIL he turns 15. That's how it rolls.
should have started home like I started to do. ready to go home & get in the bed. defly sleeping in 2ma.
yeah. Wtf it's not even memorial day yet. Why are we even in the mid east if gas is still going up?
A new market research study reports that a whopping 28% of all music is being purchased on iTunes.
Never try going back to what was and stay where you are and focus on what is and what will be…
When you're weak,ill be strong. When you let go, i'll hold on.
Well deserved for a rockstar #PR Pro! :) RT : Congrats to on his promotion!
lol the chinese people that live next door to me still have their Christmas tree up...
for sure
I'LL TAKE YOU.
Kev, neither, dont broadcast my family travels.. was in Vienna Mon. thru Wed last week, you?
my foot barely hurt yesterday, and today it hurts like crazyy. erg.
And of course it has to be raining
Justice u can suck one
Times Square is amazing. Landed it was raining but now the sun is raising :) Sorry 4 the fans at the airport.. Think I was a bit mean! <U+2665> you
I wasn't even busting balls thought it was a fair question. Fair questions obv off limits.
Anyone here loves justin? Follow me <U+2665>
Congrats MISS IRELAND we look forward to your AMERICAN tour (photo)
Congratulations! We did it!
I bought a cilantro plant today. It was a long time coming.
you really need to be recording this.
Great day ahead - lands at 9:30a - onto Press Conf at 11a - then both champs help some really needy familes
Lunch 7 days per week Brionyc.com Brioflatiron.com
And another new server ready - vpn22 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Just left the recording studio, recorded a Rockin tune in English & Spanish for my upcoming PSA. So Fun!!
Although those are crappy seats also
At Bryant & Stratton's Greece campus tabling for Biz Kid$ ...lots of fun to be had indeed :)
"Give all your victories to the Lord" Hope the track meet goes well tomorrow
would be so much better 2nite if and brought their characters back to the show that made them!
The Avengers is My 2nd Favorite Movie! T
Why does a simple fried shrimp apetizer tasted so good at Bartollotta restaurant?
aw congrats to you!! Is it a boy or girl?
get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes visit our webstore!
Lesbians scoping out the sunglasses.
Your show at the Birchmere was amazing Thank you for coming to Alexandria!!
Probably best. We'll see what happens this weekend.
why'd you hack me & sign the petition thing?!
Framed a letter I received from President Sarkozy of France...looks very nice on the new home office wall...OK, OK..enough about the office!
The new maps shown in the screenshot (all are original except Arena Gate) are exclusive to Quake Arena Arcade.
With a Kim Kardashian spot in the last 2 mins it should be exciting
Thats why we put it there! Great space. I'll let you k ow if we have any cool events so you can go
Chelsea dancing to Call Me Maybe >
just saw your exchange with west...how can you contain yourself when dealing with such nonsense?
Haha! Love it!
This #charliesheen interview is amazing.
i text'ed you
I KNOW, right???
of course! I seriously loved the post :)
. : in their countries, Latin artists are making 30k, 45k per night. They need to go smaller in the US to grow here
Today was a good day.
Happy, Happy Tracy!
yup!! It's gonna be here very quickly!!!
what happened to Pete? he used to be so reliable
Apparently the #libchat crew is light on football fans. Will miss tomorrow in favor of NFL opener.
when you guys are leaving Australia ?
I feel sorry for sober people. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~Frank Sinatra
Bout to kicks it like Tony Jaa today
Chilling at the pad watching baseball. Eating a sandwitch and tortilla chips. Drinking sweet tea.
What tf is you talking about ?
Just saw that a hockey player slammed a players head into the glass. Maybe I will attempt to watch some playoff hockey
what time is he dropping u off? i just gotta outta the shower haha
I just haven't been myself lately...
if you ever do anything in cinci I would love to help or be involved :)
I want to go see the Dictator
Most times engaged couples annoy the shit out of me. There is no way that you're always that happy.
but I yet to see a Basket ball player that could throw them things .
Are you a pack rat or just need to GET ORGANIZED? We've got expert advice to help you in just minutes on Wake Up!
they cheap
Our pleasure, wish I could it make it over but will be tied up here! Next time....
Might it be considered nearly worse than Mondays?
"Common Internet usage is effectively criminalized under this law. This bill will kill American innovation and development of the Internet"
Are you a nice Washingtonian? How do we build a better DC and welcome new residents to our region?
....in my room. There is a storm that will calm when im through, these are my thoughts that I long for.
Her: "I tagged you in it.." Me: "We live together!!!" Zuckerberg: "Muahahahahaha!"
do you love it?
Can you pass me along the info for these startups? I can DM my email if you add me.
Got the bends? So do we!! Well, radioheads version. I forgot how great it is! Come in and listen with a bloody mary or a hot toddy! <3 U
thx, long day. Kids did great traveling though!
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (cv0s0)
I don’t suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it
Got a flyer for this tournament?
Just won a pot in your honor with 9 2 diamonds.
At #WCAF in Vegas. Ready to meet and greet some of the Michaels/Artistree vendors!
Heat gameplan: Run into screen as hard as you can, flail neck, whine that you ran into a screen.
Still have it.? Still wear it? I wanna know.. Brighten up my spirits... Mixtape coming soon!
If I Stay by Gayle Forman...it will break your heart.
Loved Kate McKinnon's inaugural SNL performance. Getting in two sketches on first show is borderline miraculous.
"All I can say is that my life is pretty plain I like watchin' the puddles gather rain"
A woman in the streets and a freak in the you know what. sit back, relax, its the pre-game, Daddy you kno what's up ;-)
Ready to start a new week
I will investigate craft at PL8 tomorrow. Planning Yelp event there.
Whatever you think can't be done, someone will come along and do it. - Thelonious Monk. So do it
Burn all you love. Theres no hope for the weak
“: That awkward moment when you show someone something really funny & they don’t think it’s funny at all.”this 1 goes out to
it's BBQ Ribs and my handwriting is not that bad!
Well, party doesn't start until 8, I'll get down there around 7:30, so I guess you'll still be there and I'll meet you there?
the new page is terrible,put it back the way it was.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights–Save The Robot - Party People
Any thing less than 2% milk is not milk.
<U+266B>Black Cat, nine lives — short days, long nights. Better watch your step or your gonna die<U+266B>
Writing a biz plan certainly isn't a cake walk! Going 2 bed @ 230a only to wake up in 3 hrs
What's nice is that it's kind of understated--just a touch of flashiness with the red. A fitting tribute to the Greatest.
what's up tonight?!
Looking for nurses who are also caregivers at home for family members with disability/long-term illness. If you know of anyone, let me know.
Spent $84. Got 6 drapery panels, a lamp and shade, and a huge collage frame.
Boston all day
Drinking some vino and watching my little brother kill it on keyboard. Loving life.
Plain Jane is my shit
Phone bill too high but I am watching adam richman like chocolate sweet
Twitter is like a circus tent with freak shows& odd ones screaming "look at me" at the same time. Sometimes you just need to step outside
sounds good! will DM my phone # and plan to shop until I hear from you! (excuse to shop = awesome)
turn to you : )
Follow back!
Dear insomnia, I generally like you. You make me productive. But right now can you please just fuck off? Love Rees
I will miss you Sarah Jane Smith.....and the actress who played her Elizabeth Sladen. She was the first companion I ever saw.
I would if my dad didn't live in such a ridiculously crap area, believe me I would be spending every day at Venice FML!
On my way to to moderate a panel discussion on hackerspaces in Oakland. Also, I am planning to drink some beer.
“: At the age of 16, 80% of people have already met the person they are going to marry.” this ain't right, right?
I think it's a very real fact that pushing the industry forward isn't sexy, and doesn't pay as well. Therein lies the problem.
As future generations look back on the immigration debate, which side of history will you be on?
How many mavericks were in favor of the championship bracelets?
I need wine.....a bottle to b exact this Is serious.....and my mr. Bear who is shoved in my suitcase :-(
Everyone can say “I love you” but not everyone means it. So believe it when you feel it, not when you hear it.
There's another piece by her called Young Adult. Charlize Theron is in it. It got great reviews. Check it out.
The best 3 hours of the week deserve the best $3 drink specials. HAPPY HOUR 4-7pm!
I love Makin me laugh in Econ and stuff <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Ive come to terms w/ the fact that Alcatraz, Flash Forward, Fringe, Awake & Terra Nova are not, n will never b, LOST.
I remember the nursery too. I share the same sentiment.
So cry me a fucking river, bitch.
Get It Gone and more!
Ill be ur sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare
Happy Monday! It's raining here, but we have a truly ridiculous amount of chocolate in the office, which makes up for the lack of snow. :o)
If you don't respect the Cure, I don't respect you.
why do I feel the need to spend money i dont have =/
Good thing CC and I are thinking all-inclusive for the honeymoon...
that's a shame I was hoping she was moving close to the department store
. Thanks for the mention of our Book Show! We're really excited!
They need more. People like Steve Jobs need less. Too much money in too few places. Does not have to be that way.
I have #SaySomethin memorized(;
getting ready to dish about public heritage unconference
“: Following the first 500 people who follow <U+2764> RETWEET when your done :)”
I had no idea Tracy McGrady was still in the NBA until I saw him playing in this playoff series against the Celtics.
yup yup
Looks like a big Monday morning full of #marcfail so far... Anyone affected?
Childhood sometimes does pay a second visit to man; youth never.
Oh Kam, why do you do this to me?
DON'T BE HORRIBLE TO PATTIE
follow back?x
There It Is
I registered for a #MECA2012 class today! Easy Peasey! this the correct hashtag?
HAPPY HALLOWEEN TO ALL MY TWEETERS! HAVE A SCARY DAY!
I wouldn't put tonights loss on the team poorly.
NOT TA NITE
Is that weed
screw moral victories - our coaching sucks as bad today as it ever has
Ever have one of those days where you don't know where to start? I keep switching between multiple projects and not making progress
I'm good! Thanks:-)
From what just a couple of bottles
at least yours doesn't say: "hey sucker, don't forget you work 68 hours a week!"
I'm glad we texted till 3am last night :)
Why the Hell is Madonna performing at halftime?
Awe I didn't know you were doing that! Good luck, it's not an easy task
Will I get kicked out of Boston if I can't get Pinkberry and Berryline straight?
nm watching tv and yourself?
Awh well still :) smile gorgeous
Went back to #socialscope for my BB based tweets
Can I have more followers plz
The Apple store is ALWAYS cray cray busy!!! Ugh
ONE BILLION. That's almost twice the lottery...
I agree!
I'm with a chick with a big ass, big tits, big lips
The power you're supplyin' It's electrifyin'!
Big game
Warren released 2 make room for D gronk, also hearing Warren cld b back after week 1 cause vet contract not guaranteed. thoughts?
Thanks for RTs - much appreciated!
People get more upset about gluten than guns.
please follow me!!!! <3
A metal spoon helps smooth heat transfer.
volunteering for #wearewisconsin for the get out the vote efforts! Voting August 9th!
Hey! It's going good. Hope its going good for you too!
Cadyn is graduating Kindergarten tomorrow! My lil man is growing up! Can't wait to have him here all day w/ me this summer = FUN ;-)
Remembering Buddy Holly, The Big Bopper, and Ritchie Valens on the day the music died - February 3rd, 1959
they pulled @ the heartstrings throughout. It took me an hr 2 fall asleep after as it was that suspenseful. Seattle looked gr8
We now offer threading for hair removal. Call our office for details. 786-476-5484
It's definitely not coming back, not even to another network?
Nothing says MARQUEE AWARDS SHOW like "Rob Riggle to Host" #Who?
Payback time
#GIRLS ep 4. getting pretty good. quality programming. continues to impress.
"Joyful yeses - meeting needs - are the foundation of gaining trust from our children." Dr. Purvis
im in the uk mate! x
did u ever realize how hard it is for us to tweet u yet we ddnt receive just one;(
I really need to stop eating right before I go to bed. My dreams are so messed up <U+E403><U+E13C>
I'm based in US near Washington, DC but go to China about once every 6 weeks.
When little kids are chasing me, i run slow so they think they're fast.
Shoutout To My New Followers -
Romney quote: “My dad’s dad was not a polygamist.”
Hi Cheong, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
I've done it. So amazing. RT : Before I die I want to go zip lining.
Finally in #Christchurch on the !
“: Honey nut cheerios? Maybe.” just had some <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>.
Pretty sure I just passed your bitch ass.
#ihateschool , I only need a 26% on my math final to pass the class, even though I have pretty good odds I am still paranoid. #
I'm watching #2012CC online. They look great!
I really loved Jimmy's choice, A LOT. I liked all three, but Jimmy's choice was a beautiful side of Phillip. :)
wish I could have attended.
Greatest book of the month: "Everything I Need to Know I Learned from Dungeons & Dragons: One Woman's Quest to Turn Self-Help into Elf-Help"
BET should only show award shows...anything else is irrelevant..
its 11:11 go follow ur dreams don't stop till u get there!<333
NO you are!!!
I'm not gonna deal with your shit
hey CC! It's my birthday! :D
In order to fully understand something, we must open to it enough to receive its energy; otherwise, we remain ignorant of its lessons.
So who is going to win on your bracket? Got it set? just for fun of course!
Hey! The shower is the best place to sing! :p
I don't even care about followers anymore.
Unfortunately I'm in PHX and missing all the Super Bowl fun this year.
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from Por Favor!
Is there a reason REI doesn't carry Montbell products?
hope the #windycitytweetup is lots of fun
Don’t fall in love with the blessings. Fall in love with the Blessor. Seek first the Kingdom. - J. Olsteen
building #sets and getting ready for a #castingcall on Monday.
Stop pursuing happiness and take a second to appreciate that you aren't blind, limbless or wearing an Angry Birds shirt (hopefully)
it's like 1800's porn...except in reverse lol
Attempting to get a goods night sleep #tired <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
RT : Be firm in your commitment to take the lead. When you know something needs to be done, don't wait, do it.
There is a limit to my patience and kindness in loving and protecting you.
you italian?
Doing a little twitter demonstration
lol I'm a looser too! and I wanna see what it looks like!
OH: "Stop beating up the HR Director"
Just as I suspected. Google+ is starting to advertise on Tv now that school is out. Social networks truly live & die by the students.
I'm proud to say I hve changed I'm a better person I'm my own woman
lol i saawwweeeee! I get to fly to L.A this week!
thanks, I haven't seen it yet!
Power is out in #Fineview! So, & I are sitting in the dark having conversations/finding entertainment through social media ha.
A cool Mil?! That's redonkulous! Congrats, love the vids.
12 Angry Monkeys
IS is eating subs a gameday ritual or are you pitting Cousins & Subway against each other for an endorsement deal? Lol
#ForgettablePirates the second coming of Richie Hebner
Matt Unrath(WOW) will give "State of the State" address at the Powering Social & Economic Opportunity Conference April 25, 2012 in Santa Fe
Bitches fucks ur crew & not u, Hoes fucks u & ur crew, WOMEN fuck U & ONLY U!!! How many 1 of those you know????
Come on Dominic,put a little trust in our fly boyz.
RT : If you have still have time in your daily Fantasy Baseball lineups, get Ichiro in there. Very sharp during BP,targeting RF
RT : for at with some great colleagues! Come out and support tonight!
- makes you appreciate how well Gabby held it together over the years. Can't wait for this godawful Caps season to end.
Phoney ass ppl
On the way home from a day trip to listening to the new cd and beautiful voice of :)
A man has to do what a man has to do. In due time
#teamjesus , Josh and the big wall, or Rack,shack, and benny? #veggietales tonight! #Happysabbath, #bonsabbah, #felizsabado, all that!
"I read about the afterlife but i never really lived more than an hour"
SxSw Film is a good start.
TAKIN IT TO THE NEXT LEVEL EVERYDAY.WHO WITH ME?
oh my gosh yes! What if Harry decided he wanted to come to Virginia and I saw him and we met and fell in love?!
Everyone follow
yeah! he is sexy hehe
ALSO NOW FOLLOWING!!
If I were a filmmaker w/ 50K followers and put on a screening of my new movie, I'd tweet the hell out of it.
This has been a great day. Only one thing could make this day any better...
Be secure. Challenge yourself. Life isn't a competition. Be content.
''An artist's only concern is to shoot for some kind of perfection, and on his own terms and not any one else's.'' J.D Salinger
Hey Santa Fe, want to learn how to make iMovies? Stop by Baillio's in SF tomorrow at 9:15 for a free class.
Did you find what you were looking for? If not, please let me know!
How do I turn the battery percentage off? I've been getting serious anxiety all morning when it hits 40.
I have not slept in for two weeks, let's just make this 3. I have to be to school at 7 AM,
#GoTribe in other news, i bought an azteC patterned vesty yesty, maybe now i can go back to my home tribe
72 degrees outside today. woo!
We also have $18 tickets to Saturday's Indy Ice game- get up close and FEEL the action. 275-4040 for tickets.
Tonight's workout was particularly good. Not sure why tho.
Thank You for turning me on to Bright Light Bright Light....I have always loved Rob Thomas and really am loving this new stuff!!
Just missed you again! :) RT : just pulled up to Brady street outside club Brady--snow or no snow ;) juice is flowin.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Newt Gingrich's message to America is that the open marriage is not just for the young and hip anymore.
Haha. I had a fight with peanut m&m's yesterday and lost but I has a lower calorie dinner to make up for it.
Did an Hawaii food tour today .. It was awesome .. So many wonderful exotic tasty treats here .. Yum yummy 8-)
Watching family Guy
By midnight.. but has access to MY garage until Friday at 3:00. So frustrated.
lmao i am a athletic training major, i dont need to know anything about english lol
Valentine's love means burning 543. Strong heart. Stinky shirt.
RT: While I love Computers in Libraries, I want to start a magazine called People in Libraries.
Sorry guys, I need to finish this book. Shutting off my phone.
LET'S GO LAKERS OT!!
yes,me too? #texasfloridacontinuum RT : n a mood today and the pAper chAse is just the thing i need. thank you
Soon Soon my shortfilm LTSFBC will be ready!!!
hey thanks for the follow! "like" us on facebook! u play guitar so u will def appreciate the "candy" riff
Time is flying by! Were in IL already! Playing in Tinley Park tonight at 7:15 skull candy stage =)
Dad turn off the 80's music and please stop dancing!
It's a shame but true.
love u n u know y because your beautiful .loving and caring see u tonight love
41% of African-Americans have moved since 2008. Make sure you are registered to vote if you have not already.
Just ate a pea
Energy drinks? No thanks. I prefer vitamin water.
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
are you ther answer me on fb? thanks
Black woman spanking her crying child ...(everyone) 0_o awkward
Somebody go get my laptop charger for me. It's all the way over there.
is the Avengers worth 3D or just as good to see regular?
all bony nd bent long nasty nails lol
Are you on it again??
It was a powerful example of how the arts community comes together in support of arts and arts education in
thanks! happy friday!
The #Fringe fandom is now pregnant
#FF parents of some of the best talent in the world
I fucked that tweet all up
Ghost rider proved that twinkies don't go bad. Lol
Getting ready to go get some breakfast with my daughter before I head out .... Who's coming????
In Omaha, Nebraska visiting schools to #rebuildjoplin schools. Watching #extremehomemakeover live on #abc from the hotel.
How true this is.
I find it strange that baby names take on trends like fashion: what's hot or not in baby names this year?
At least we're not Canadian.
#FF my wonderful friend Megan who's heart is in philly, but she's stuck in NY. can't wait till you're back!
School is done in 7 mins. Than goodness. I so need a nap
in love :)
So glad to hear that!
Busy month! 3 Shows, TV Performance, Photo shoot, and a studio session!
this damn new pitcher got the bases loaded. can we switch him for Sabbathia again?
Work hard, play hard.
uc soccer nothing compared to akron zips... class of ohio!!!
Can't sleep :/
happy Friday! Enjoy ya weekend family!
Was YS librarian in Indiana for 8yrs moved to WI because Mr found a new job here. I <3 Twitter librarians!!
I just turned on TruTV and saw 5 highlighter markers running around on the court.
#MamaProud I love her
My kitten has better comedic timing than your kitten, .
Gotta love the show Martin
wants you
Now that I'm awake and can read....your map is AWESOME! "Follow this line to find COFFEE" would love it too.
I know something about pages. what do you need?
Xavier Avery is just begging for a foot race from
Not good to hear - sorry meal didn't meet our standards. Thxs 4 giving us another go & let us know when you'll be in again!
Maid Brigade is a name you can trust for thorough, healthy housecleaning services, backed by uncommonly helpful live customer service.
You and Dana chill yesterday?
First day with today!
#ThingsBlackFolksScaredOf The sound of sirens when we are driving...
Spring forward.
I'm cool w/ you not retweeting that pic... definitely not ideal promo material!! It's all good if you do tho
iTunes Match and Dropbox are currently rocking my world.
I think you guys are beautiful ! keep it up!
Chocolate is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
whenever i'm in a good mood, my dad isn't. but he complains when I don't wanna be around him? whatever..
... trying to figure out why a #communication studies student needs to take a chemistry class...
What a goal by Young!!! 2 to nin Man Utd!!!
ugh. I hate greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run just for fun and become happy?
I really hope this goes 7 games..its just too entertaining watching the clippers and grizz go at it.
We just got news and Jacklyn will be covering the kardashians signing today! Any questions for the Kardashians!?!!
True forgiveness enables you to clearly see Gods vision....Jesus states "love your enemies" be patient and wait 4 the results!
I am DYING to read Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail by -That #book seems perfect for my #memoir fettish.
#MyPastRelationships Have been nuthing but boys tryna get in my underwear...SMDH
If yu sit here and criticize me bout lien to yu and then yu go off and lie to me I lose interest bkuhs I expectd more from yu
Missing St. Maarten...the beach...the water...
Calling all students and professors "use the Ft in your classroom"
I know right!
I love my soldier!!
okay I'll text you lol
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Off to the Hodag Pick-Off competition !
I want my own Tim Gunn. He should live in my apartment and give me a pep talk every morning.
that's right :-)
i checked your video out it was off the chain
Usher and 's #Climax sounds awesome on in Milwaukee.
The life of a man is a circle from childhood to childhood, and so it is in everything where power moves. ~Black Elk
Yeah, that's what I figured. It still has far more info than I could even try to give him.
Ugh Wango Tango kicks off at 2 pm tomorrow. Wtf? no thank you!
When you say something is difficult, convert the word "difficult" to information by asking yourself wh-questions to find specific solutions.
Strong sensation - Music can provide deep, thrilling emotional experiences, particularly while performing.
Both! Need to have culture to listen to internal employees first RT : Can big companies innovate or do they have to acquire
Tomorrow's Monday, and I'm wishing my school would collapse
Can you wish me luck for my soccer games today? :) (FollowMe?)
40s on 40 was awesome! Got to catch up with so many people
Does anyone else hate the #Facebook app?
Tuesday you?
I say let the breeze hit your face; let go of everything, and hold in place...
Tua Lek is my Thai name
I want your nails in my back like nails on a chalk board... I <3 Blood On The Dance Floor!!!!!
thats a great idea!!! :D
Definitely. I like how clean everything is, and very easy for people to contact you and find answers to questions. Perfect!
yes. let's do it.
Back in the US waiting on plane as gate is broken. Well at least that's all that broke since I left, right? On the +side, no riots nearby.
why did you delete your tweet? Gr.
Just saw it and loved it! I thought it was a really good movie.
- yeeeeeaaah, but you're the best. #dealwithit <U+E405>
Smells of spruce
Thank you Eric!
saw you headed to the UK, go kill it man... good luck with everything. Do you bro!
Happy Valentine's Day! Here is some dying flowers and the remnants of a tree in card form. That's how much I love you.
Why do I let something so little get to mee ?
Playing at The Underground tonite around 10PM. 955 West End Ave. NYC. Have guitar, will travel. Sitting in on open mike night as a test run.
Tumblr has found a large quantity of haterade and is consuming it in mass quantities.
Doubt it. I, too, love red velvet cupcakes.
Just finalised details 4 attending the (AASP) Annual sports psychology conference in the USA next week.
only way to know is to do it. I got a gym with cameras! My money on the youngin!
Sharks have been around longer than dinosaurs, humans, and the Simpsons. So they don't latch on to fads quickly.
No sleep. Just chillin at the Holiday In
Wah! I think im getting sick, calling it a night.
Lemon grass, also known as Sweet Rush and sometimes called Fever Grass in the Caribbean, can be used as a remedy for fevers, and colds.
You funny as hell, Keep doing what you do.
Happy Resurrection Day. Hope everyone remembers that we all have the opportunity to be made new... Take it.
"You look like Steven Tyler!... fucked Mick Jagger!" Not a fan of this Juliet Simms girl & my boyfriend isn't either, obviously. Lolol.
that sounds so depressing :(
Is wondering if the mavs lose, will mark cuban shit himself?
Sorry, , I'm not libertarian.... but Ron Paul seems like he's got the edge on ya. I'm still down for Paul/Romney '12.
Awesome. Send a link to your account. Would love to follow?
“: what is homework?” who tf knows
I'll talk to my and try to come
I'm so obsessed with that show!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
alexis fucking bledel. that is all.
hey watch it, he should have been gone a while ago. What do the bears have to look forward to this year? :P
Everything I've seen or read about Max Payne 3 sounds amazing. Nihilistic writing. HEALTH! So. Tempted.
Is fun an essential component of learning?
Summertime Chi
Twitter is stressing me out the past few days...I keep falling in and out of 666 total followers...don't like this at all..
RT : I can't wait until I'm old and I can play the "Fall Asleep" Card in awkward situations.
How are tornadoes and marriages alike? They both begin with a lot of sucking and blowing, and in the end you lose your house.
done and done!! One toast away from never having to give a COM 101 speech again!!
Same old Sabres team always finding ways to lose
I deserve that, I deserve you
#seahwaks, lets get it in.. 12th in full effect!!!!
Anyone know any good video editor programs?!?! The one I have isn't doing very well on this SBH video lol.
The worst thing ever is when someone you love is upset with you.
B'more Safe Puppetry program debuting right now at Franklin Middle School!
I'm a Google AdWords surgeon. I occasionally leave myself shaking my head. I'm killin it.
did it work?
thanks! :)) I had fun too!
we beat them at their house last time, we'll take it easy on them (yes I know they weren't playing)
Enjoy your time. Sorry I missed your visit. RT In Madison for meetings w/ Coach Alvarez & staff. First, breakfast at Mickie's.
someone is really doing that?
Thanks for the shout-out!
Offensive rebounds and free throws...
thanks for the tweet guys. It's much appreciated :)
The delegation will give you the same nonsense they always have. Whatever B.S. they've always fed you, expect more of it.
Sorry if this offends you but how is Miller doing? I know it didn't end well w/ you all but I wish the best for his health.Bless
Does Dom Capers' hair have a twitter account?
#Congratulations to our 600th follower!! Thank you for the much appreciated
If I don't go tanning I look like a ghost -_-
are you in rehab?
it's cool, jk
welcome to twitter xoxo
Its all good
I'm getting tired of politically scewed news.
MY mom said you look VERY different,your hair is growing so long in the back,you got very cute,haha
I am now.
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to checking your music! keep on creating in
today I am going through all the fall fashion mags in prep for my first real fall in Chicago. would be proud.
Great job, #OccupySantaFe!!! Thanks for sharing the info.
hey wat was the phone number u were callin of?
We have a number of events planned this week honoring Indiana's great teachers during National Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks teachers!
My AAR membership was approved, so now need to update our Web site. :)
The album opener "Hold On" is the shizzzzzzzz.
Happy to hear it!
Question: If someone is married, what constitutes having an emotional affair?
Question: how do you empathize with someone like Hitler? "Don't confuse empathy and sympathy."
ya he did do that...
My can win tonight we got the team we just gotta play strong!
thanks man thank you for the follow too
Walked into Kohl's and they're playing Goodnight Moon. INSTANT SMILE!! <U+E106><U+E057>
#DM ME YO INFO SO WE CAN CHOP IT UP MY GUY
2 cloudy to see anything in sky. Much less a #Moon close to earth.
HA! awesome. I got mine from in RIchmond VA.
Just let me know when and we can set that up!
Room at the Top (Petty) and Abacab
how is your weekend going?
LinkedIn Today has a design for quicker access and to customize the news you want.
movie day :)
Trying to make the best of tonight. :/
Wondering how can explain charging me fees for a second time over a month after I closed my account. Uncool.
Hash oil hash wax scissor wax derpa derpa
Because those two things are original, right? lol yeah OK.
Success is not the key to happiness. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful Albert Schweitzer
Im cheap....when I go to a store I go straight to clearance.... Hahaha
Not 2nite boo
interesting indeed. I hadn't seen that before. should check it out.
MT T1 "women's health" is anything that affects women more than men, incl chronic illnesses where majority are female
I only let people know very litle about me. U know the most about me I perfer to keep it that way.
Todays special at BDW! Make any burger a double for 1.00 more add a 1.00 to make it a combo. This is our deal of the week!
you don't need to look like a model in a magazine to be beautiful
It was Yemisi....
Looking forward to seeing how the student fellows' projects evolved over spring break.
Stedman, "it isn't about race, it's about each individual getting out of his box and defining himself to the world."
Well, thanx :D
According to my profile picture Im s GF lmaoooo
and I hope your breaks are going well!
Time for some football!!
or a lifetime intervention episode in 5years
Structural separation of trucking from freeways works pretty well. Same might work in broadband.
RT : Was awoken this morning by a cockroach falling onto my head. INSIDE my mosquito net. Mozambique: 1, Courtney: 0.
Dance magic dance.
Egg Plate today is the Bangers and Mash Omelette!
Mediation as brainstorming.
love back
Post #24 compliments of Mr. Deals… - USA TODAY (blog)
Just works out that way sometimes, never our preference.
final day on set... bitter sweet.
Thanks everybody for the great suggestions on getting French translations done. Big help!
I've been thinking about it and I decided that they should make Zac Efron Finnick. Thats it. Perfect. #CatchingFire and
Samsung files suit for patent infringement against Apple
Folded #postcards are the best option for marketing or promotional purposes.
Jainism — The knowledge of science, human consciousness - Daily News &amp; Analysis
lol - you made me look. i think it was just his socks though... cracked me up the sam was doing a cannonball... :)
Prince Fielder: All Star MVP... This night gets even better.
hard to believe :( Very sad to hear about Rajeev Motwani's death. A good friend, mentor to so many entrepreneurs, wonderful person.
Good night and and and (:
Learning tons at the Researching Native American Tribal Law workshop!
OMG girl what do she have one? *she raachet*
Congrats Kris!! It is the best shift to spend lots of time with the family.
Ritalin taken for ADD/ADHD may affect height growth, but even teens taking it reach their maximum height.
I can't regret the words I never said...
Waking up with the Game of Thrones theme in your head makes getting ready for work feel much more epic.
Big Buda boom!!
Me n A. SEGAL
so much homework -_-
Salvage the Bones - family function and dysfunction circa Katrina...definitely on my list.
When I Leave This World I Leave No Regrets . Leave Something To Remember , So They Wont Forget I Was Here
Poolside to Pierside 3 week Open Water Bootcamp with USMS National Open Water Clinic Lead and SCAQ Coach Mallory Mead begins this Sunday
with all the great deals going on at www.todaysfavoritetoys.com you have nothing to lose and alot to gain such as money! Check it out.
sounds negative
Word on the street: Our holiday Chicago Tribune article runs tomorrow... make sure to pick up a copy or two!!
come on people!! really you need to keep moving foward for real we r not in 1960's is 2011 please poeple stop been bad ass bitches move FWD!
getting lots of great new ideas for our pop culture exhibit family days
mention me
Ima be me 365 an 366 on leap year
Live Music Lineup- Linde & Ted Hammock with Reed Kendal , The Nerds , 3a.m. Tokyo !
Truth uttered before its time is always dangerous. ~Mencius
#NikkiHaley's union busting working. More SC jobs at lower cost. More friends now have BOTH jobs they need to survive. It's working "great!"
Iowa Craft Beer Fans: Don't miss out on the at the , much like the awesome at the
I love you pic!!
I find it hilarious how girls can move on so fast...
let's collaborate :-) Im in the DMV till april 20 then LA
Do you love food trucks? #foodtruck #chinesefood We are going to have ours very soon!!
I have been told by senior leaders to "social media that" in order to grow participants in a program.
Making the bus part of the social experience is fun, as long as plenty of others participate
Sadly it was from an actual person
Well then keep squares outta your circle homie G LBC D O Double G
: I hope you're having the best time ever in IRE! Also, miss you. #whenareyoubackagain?
i hope you notice me :)
Happy cinco de mayo! And happy directioner day! Don't forget to draw the 1d infinity symbol on your wrist today.
a couple of my friends and I skated with him when he came to Chicago.(: he's a rad dude.
She's making me put the flour in the freezer so it will last forever. It has already lasted forever. Maybe we should just buy new flour?
Traffic stopped so some guy could get the baby gator out of the road ....welcome to Florida...
The guy living next to me watches 24 like it his his job. All I hear is that beeping sound when they split the screen 4 ways
the #jets didn't have a top notch defense the past 3 years?... That's not what fat rex has been saying the past 3 years
see I told you lol
Filling out my ballot and answering the door to trick-or-treaters - at the same time! #IThinkILikeVotingByMail here in
#Heat be having my pressure UP
the bracket pairings will fall as they may, but in the end we will cross paths and you'll regret calling me out. :)
Too close for comfort. U of L will have to play a lot better against Mich St. or St. Louis. Enjoy your night.
Didn't go for a run today and missed it.
If it is understood that bo is really a muslim, then all he does actually makes perfect sense!!
Booked trip to #LAX and #SFO for July 4th week. Might just be the final hoorah before grind season begins.
and yet probably one of the most gratifying
I got you
Dobrica (from Croatia) is presenting on screen-scraping html into Z39.50.
Tiger will go into the weekend with the lead...
“: so excited for you!! #havefun” thanks brother! Pics coming soon!
got that thing bro..ima hit u on yo handle
I told him sorry for the wait
#juryduty cancelled! Some other time I guess!
Auditioning for the stage show Sakura No Ne.
I need supporters, dude! Spread the word --> 18 Year Smoker to Triathlete- My Journey from Day 132. yvettejohnston.com
Woke up feeling sick to my stomach this morning- not the greatest way to start a 3 day weekend. :(
how are you?? what are you up to these days? still in LA?
10 Facebook Tips #1 Don't add posers!
well i almost got killed...
why doesnt it bother my boyfriend when i call him names like "smooshbear" and "snugglebums"? Is it possible im just that cute, or....???
All of Twitter is going in on Tweet her handle in the search. She is the most hated woman on Twitter since yesterday.
Agreed. I like to think of this as a three hour comedy of errors like if Michael Bay directed Three's Company.
YOU CAN TAKE A FRIEND IF YOU WIN. WHICH FRIEND WILL IT BE???
what?! Wow congrats.
Geez this is starting to get crazy! it hit the fan hahah
ima follow you too, like a stocking kitten
Guess today just ain't my day . .
today is gonna go by super slow.
Love how DeGea and Rafael were gesticulating at Jonny Evans on the own goal as if there was anything he could do. Ball coming too fast.
New show opening this week! Join us on Friday for the opening of Pete McCutchen's exhibition of colorful photographs!
Played duck duck goose today ahha lml testing has everyone goofy afterwards
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
....so, where is it? lmaooo<3
The first big decision today - what music to listen to while I watch the sunrise in Cville? The winner: Alcest - "Ecailles de Lune"
Now we're definitely visiting! RT I think it's time to reveal that life in Ohio is EXACTLY like it seems on Glee.
that would be super helpful!
what's EMS ?
heading to to discuss trending hashtags, spirit airlines, private social networks like path, and other social media hot topics
glad I now know where you stand on that issue! I'll drop your cheesehead in the mail as soon as the Giants party ends!
Dear CEO, if you don't want people to complain about your company, then stop pushing out crap says at
Oh Friday, how happy I am to see you!!
What hurts the most is being so close. And having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
Putting stage makeup on the girls for their dress rehearsal for the kid version of Pirates of Penzance
In search of meaningful summer work...
Graduation trip.
Listening to Up All Night makes me feel complete and exited for the next album!
what players are you offering? Refresh my memory...& if you're squeamish about suspension, I'll take Braun off your hands...
go to carabas!
Look any nigga in the eye that say he want it with Chief
