lol get it girl!
theres a tweet limit?!
good question, i'm not really sure! but the battery lasts forever regardless.
I feel like an #angel ~
Come on Ledford bring this one a good trip please
of course! Yum! Congrats!
hey I'll help you , and then we should eat them xD!
RT - Time for The Hill-Man Huddle with JULIAN EDELMAN of The New England Patriots!
Gregg & Patton have each given up 5 of the pen's 14 earned runs. Rest has allowed 4 ERs in 56 innings
Wait it was just the toilet flushing...
even on weak little computer speakers u make being at work with a head cold bearable.
Re Volt production stoppage, GM spox Rob Peterson to me just now: "This is temporary. Sales began to rebound in February..." 1/2
#ididnttextyouback because you annoy me.
here you go
Oops. Yeah, the second looks broken too.
<---- u finally got rid of that damn blackberry haha! yay =) =)
Thank you, my long-lasting friend!
Lol . To some people everyone is two people ;)
:) My days are usually good. Things can't always be perfect. :)
RT - Cleveland Indians fitted is a must.
Today was the shit! O:
You got it! Coming up in the next 15!
I <U+2764> Wednesday night shows with :)).
Someone just liked one of my status's on Facebook from 2011...
what does that mean?
Wining and dinning at Jack in the Box with
Be faithful to your roots.
Guess I won't be patching any of my xboxs for the new SFxT patch until the fireball/knife game breaker is gone. Long live sf4 and marvel.
Antics or murk?
& talked a little about tonight. But, really, who doesn't.
nice! I really love the #diving in Bahamas + Bonaire. And my realtor just got back from Little Cayman + said it was awesome
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot
Need More Followers ! shoutout
"Far too intricate to be made up"
Is this thing on? Bueller?
I think it's kind of degrading. Ghetto.
Rick perry is a smarter version of W. Scary.
Trying the twitter from new phone wee!
PR Tip: If u want your story on TV, think visually! If ur pictures are good they’ll end up on TV or the front page of the paper for sure!
count me in! When shall we start?
said son, age 5, to me: When I become a spy, you can be my sidekick.
once washed my feet. It was totally awkward.
that's the kind of talk that will make rethink letting u on Facebook in a few years...
WORLD ARTHRITIS DAY TODAY! Visit any and $10 from your massage/facial will be donated to the Arthritis Foundation!!
- wish I could go. Looks so good!
I'd love to. You've hit the big time, my friend. Email me at . I'll shoot you my number. Great to hear from you.
i mean he's was as smooth as a pillow during that scene i'll give him that lol ;)
sick with a fever of 102.9
One teacher who attended the #cercll2011 workshop on L2 gaming has already gotten her students playing CityVille in French!
hitting isn't the problem right now, hitting with RISP is. horses we have aren't quite ready yet.
Sometimes I pretend love songs are about me:P
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 6
Gold Coast's Finest, created by 4 kids showing you how to be the finest you can be.
Thanks for the follow . Have a good Turkey day!
SALLIE CLARK, COUNTY COMMISSIONER!
Tebow Pats fans have no class
game on!
RT : Can't wait to represent tomorrow in the demo pit! Cloud without design is just fog...
Let me know if you want to take a look at it!!!!
who likes killjoys? they kill the joy and fun in life! if they were suppose to love life, at least have some joy in it!
Lets get it! Go cop my girl's EP! RT : did "Faith" on 's "Armor On" EP. That record goes!!!
Grt Job ! See u "back home again in Indiana" ... Jim Neighbors style!!
Ice cream in my future.. yunz open?
The Bulls r a great example of a team full of guys executing & taking pride in their roles. Every guy doing their job even cheering on bench
Getting ready for a big night, we've got tours starting at 4, kicking off beer week at Steny's at 5 and Taste of Great Brewers at 6!
WHAT? Nope...I need to peep that fam! Send me a link!
S/O to #DeltaSigmaTheta / #DST of FAMU for the shirt and Bandana order!! Ya'll are REAL #Trendsetters. The shirt design is AMAZING!!
Have NOT been on here for awhile. since I got my damn phone turned off!!!
Shane Maguire is my TV boyfriend.
you care. you care deeply. Lebron defense+ Dallas hate?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA MAHONE!!!:)
Oct. 26- CHI/ Young Energy, Inc. attended the grand opening of the Southeast Weatherization and Energy Efficiency Training (SWEET) Center.
It's a beautiful day to have a baby! is doing great... It shouldn't be too long
Anyone notice how Republicans now sound exactly like DFLers did during Pawlenty's second term? The more things change...
audition and match tomorrow!
Nope, wasn't you! Thanks, looking forward to it. Maybe I can speak at a event sometime.
The Food Network is like the Spice Channel for fat people.
20% off storewide at Kaleidoscope in Decatur Saturday and Sunday.
Needs some ice cream
Word is there's a point of order on SB 1581 that will kill the whole edu fiscal bill. No one knows what will happen.
challenges like these seem like the great equalizer. Do you plan 50% brain/stamina challenges?
I just love going to bed sad especially when I need to get up early, love it.
There goes johanser being slick & correcting me
Congrats on your engagement Michelle, we hope you give us a try for your registry!
we'll take it
I HOPE I'm not going anywhere!
Always nice to beat Detroit!
Would it have been better to give a small part to a more boring actor?
Had an awesome rehearsal with for our Baltimore Boom Bap Society debut tomorrow night at 10 PM sikness!
Q5: What kind of scents do you prefer when ur planning a party? #Happiair PLS RT
and 3. u can change anything you want EXCEPT the username and password but its not that bad right?
the Heat is the only one i know.
“: School year really went by fast”
First nba game in HD in a while. Feel I really understand the desperate struggle of all those Dickens orphans now.
Thanks for liking my page Amy! :-)
g'night buddy, mind Goose on the way down.
just nailed that Argentine Tango!!!!! I know you are proud!!!
Wow, that sounds great hun. I hope you wear all that Packer gear for the game this Sunday!
-I've surrendered who i've been for who you are.<3
i love that show <3
Come try our festive cocktails. Celebrate Mardi Gras the right way!
I believe we don't lol I just added random ppl
Stovall in a little bit
PIZZA ROLLS<U+2665>
Kanye got a collar on Kim hahahahha he claiming dat worldly P***Y
You'd look great in our Stoner Couture gear. Drop me a line to discuss outfitting you for your next tour.
When they tell/text you saying you looked beautiful today > even if they didnt see you<3
just doing my job ma'am
I'm not an ardent fan of middle-class workers but I have some CEO friends who have actually hired them. In fact I hired a few of them myself
he always interrupting my sleep!!!
Humans addicted to electricity?? Nahh.
Going to the city today #shoppingspree!
And all those who don't understand my aversion to shop for new clothes on a weekly basis they need to know that I follow the Austin .
Notice how you talk to your child. Notice, out loud, the positive, the behavior you want to see continue.
denver! Where you at?
Good to know where they go RT : #FF editor and chief of and where all complaints about me are forwarded.
b.j. surhoff
Ahh Fuck yourself you know how to do it better lmaoo
It's about time #Cleveland wins.. At least the entire city isnt a #FactoryofSadness like the
PQ Media Forecast: Global Digital Out-of-Home Ad Revenue Grew 15% to $7 Billion in 2011 &amp; On Pace to Accelerate 19% in ...
Hey! I just met you. And this is crazy. But here's my number, so call me maybe?
That's rite win go hme u #Denver fans #Purps~N~Gold
“: BTW, good to know I am not the only one who wears panties” hahaha… i knew u had a certain swagger to for step
I'm about to punch this nerd on front of me and that won't push his way out in the parking lot <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Today was a humid ass day
so stoked for
She wants someone who can hold the relationship together no matter how much its seems as if its falling apart.
Bring us the sun!!! We wanna BBQ on the patio!
#TwitterAfterDark I need a face rider kno where I can get some help
"Pledge has solidified opposition to tax increases in Congress ...
yeah he was the hulk right?
im glad i can make u laugh
sisco said waddup.he tried to call you he said
Q9. Most regrettable tweet...
want to here something funny, ur Tweet about u saving baseball. U Tweeted an hr. ago. I Tweeted that 5 hrs. Ago.
Suck it Bucky! Go Huskies! My #2 team.
Going home to eat dinner and play with Feedburner.
No better way to spend a night but skyping with for 3hrs
we miss you bro Kane show is boring.. Kane scams -.- really... Carmen calls FTW #come home lol
I wish I could play in Fantasy Football every week. It's like Varsity playing the 8th grade team. 2-0
#2ThingsIAppreciate is My God And Having a Mom.
Lastly, given the state of things, it is highly unlikely that even doing away with stafford loans altogether would affect tuition inflation
get to ass outta here gosh
i might go out wit my friends 2morrow so we can meet boyzzz n go shop!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my tummy is making noise ugh someone get me something to eat i'm starving
CHIMPS - Changes in Mandatory Program Spending #hfhp11 Even mandatory programs can be gutted by appropriations committee.
i miss you. ): what happened to our summer plans man?
RT : We will be live-tweeting the Dan Morris Viewpoint Show this morning starting at 7am. Follow #VPS to join the conversation.
everyone - help us cheer up - she's sad... Send her love
Laguardia , what it look like
lol wat u been up too
must been bums there if u ran the gym
So glad I found the good in goodbye.
We usually stream and play games on Wed night. Work is keeping her from me. I'm hoping to guilt her into it. ^_~
to each their own haha, not me! :p
Wednesday's Happiness Happy hour at #lacofradia is the coolest hap hr in town where you're guaranteed 2 meet people like u! RT 2 get a PISCO
Dvr-ing the #rhnjreunion! Can't wait to watch it tomorrow! But I feel so left out right now!!!
Twitter is getting gayer and gayer by the minute.
Please RT : Maroon 5 and Honor Society should record together. Melt my eardrums, I'm begging you.
damn you tweet some real shit
Probably the worst day of my life >:'(
3 hours of sleep is all I got
Heard several local creatives lost their homes in the Boulder fire. Anyone have details?
Is that a bottom thing?
Pork is yummy for my whole family. We all love it. What’s your family’s favorite pork dish?
lets make it happen fam I'm always down to collab
WHAT? Come on Madsen. I think Wisco deserves more than a trilobyte. Give that to Wyoming or something.
Bought a new #macpro tonight. So happy with the purchase.
Oh and it's Tommys B day tonight so bring him a gift. Hint: He's really into horses... A lot.
WE HAVE NO SCHOOL ON MY BIRTHDAY! Yayyyyyy. Lets do somethin crazy.
YES i can fucking die happy. <3
I'm not happy that I'm awake right now... I have a headache and would love to be asleep.
No......if you click on his profile and then on his tweets you'll see his last tweet was 2 hours ago.
#DWTS You all are WRONG!!!! Karina, Peta, and Donald got a 28!!!!!!!!
come any Saturday , mention your name and tweet, I will give you a free beer.
- Honored you are following me - I look forward to your tweets!
Watching the most painful moments of the #nfl season.... this is why I don't play, but like watching it :-)
I am loving this mall:3
“: Had Fun At The Zoo With My Lil Babies!” <==== And didn't take your bro, aw mane. Lol!
Just finished the last of my Death By Chocolate cake. Where can I get my hands on some insulin?
Our goal is to establish a relationship based on collaboration from initial contact.
At Olive Garden w/ my dad... I've been wanting pasta for awhile!!
that nigga super ugly doe. wtf???
In case you didn't know, the elections were moved to May 2! :)
Watching the #NBAPlayoffs tonight is worse than your AIDS having herpes at the nudest colony.
nothing you dusty
South Park Niggy
Text mee Kuzz im outt lol PA...Yayy..then Jersey...i need to go to Jersey when i go home kuz its party time str8 up.
Herman Cain on Hannity show. Should he really be giving ANYbody--let alone Newt Gingrich--advice on debate strategy?
thanks to #natgas we are!! 1.6 m in 2035 by shale gas alone!!
Yooo. Phone constantly dies.Thanks for the well wishes man+ would love to see you out there. EDCLV one time? Plz?How's tings w ja
Today I have decided to start living my life without you, I am done being overlooked and unappreciated!!!
Fretting over candy sushi plans for daughter's bday party next wknd. Time to stop research and start practicing.
I LOVE how you incorporate your outfits!
he got that money honey.
Yes. Really.
Why am i not tired at all??
I never said I was perfect....
Money Making Manhattan..!
it's been hell these last few hours... literally 6 of the last 7 hours spent on reddit / TL
the peppers themselves are really great to pickle in olive oil as well, that'll be next!
feel like I should write a book so all can benefit from his wisdom. Tuesdays With Frank?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen someone asks for an admission refund. Just wow.
My brother just pissed me off...
": What war did Soulja boy fight in... #WhitePeopleGoogleSearches" definitely just made my day
if i say i dont is that bad?.. Haha
FYI 8 tweets = 1 vote, +9000 tweets = automatic victory RT : is one of the top #SD trends on #Twitter right now
Everyone on the team basically did it after practice except for Rooney - the one I wanted :(
I got jacksonville on the mind. Go jaguars.
Resi's Bierstube may have fish right now (they have had it for Lent in the past). Or O'Donovan's (eh). I wish St Ben's had one.
obsequious :) that would've been hard to work in, i know.
Maybe your doctor's busy patching up the last one you cut?
Congrats and ! We will get you the invites today. Sign up as a prospect and DM us the username. Thx for following
This year's Billboard Icon Award is going to legendary singer, songwriter and producer Stevie Wonder.8pm May 20th on ABC
They're gonna LOVE YOU GIRRRLLL!!! ;D
She brings out the worst in me, but I am responsible for me. Must find balance.
To 's house I go to do nothing but lay around. And maybe make out with a few neighbors or something....
haha remind those skanie fans of last years playoffs!
Live with no excuses; love with no regrets. #lovelife <3
what are your thoughts on Coach Knight's inflammatory remarks regarding UK basketball?
If u mash ++ ++ and add little new flair n you get
my goodness itz so hot
self-myofacial release using a LAX ball or foam roller should do the trick
“: #fourpeaks let's build a community and build bridges across the peaks!” totally agree! Seattle is ripe for digital disruption # mcdm
I love you baby doll!
did I just hear you squeee audibly on the twitters?
I do a really good job of upsetting myself over such petty things.
Not sure I want him to "deal" w/us, considering GOP's habit of smacking us down to gain points w/conservatives during campaigns.
That awkward moment when you look up from your phone and realize the person you've been following around the grocery store isn't your mom.
Thanks! It's been a blast. Love your tweets. Fun stuff!
Watching The Mighty Boosh. I'm Naboo, that's who!
Loved #Transformers3, but wish they hadn't cut out so many of the #DC scenes I saw them film
We've GOT to hold a post-SAA meetup at #Harvard this year. I can't be the only one who wants to hear about this stuff.
perfect nite for our prez to throw out the first pitch!
I tired looking 4 u on FB but I couldn't find u.
There comes a time in your life when you hate love & everything it means or what you think it should be & what it used to be.
In the LinkedIn class at Social Media Summit. Speaker is telling us companies don't need FB pages. Not sure if I agree.
love you too<3
Could be! SpankyStokes is going to select winners at random. It could be anyone!
At The Odyssey School learning about current research on executive function in dyslexics. Grateful that they offer these talks to patents.
EZ lube just became a #NASCAR pit stop. I feel like they're gonna change my tires out and I'm gonna peel out into the street lol.
Nope. Already sold
You should've asked.. "Is that a mask'?
Have you noticed? The hot word is "do!" So do something!
we always find the same exact things funny.
Why doesn't reply to my crepe tweets?
The Heat Look Garbage The A MF !
Tell that to Color :-)
Thanks for hosting us this morning - Hope you survive the day ok ;)
The world needs more of this--> RT A woman just gave me $2 so that I could ride the bus and not be late for class.
& lightning!? this is no bueno!!!!
Photo Shoot with TY.. Get the blood flowing don't know what to expect next
I'll have you back in time for Christmas dinner.
this weekend - perhaps Sat night?
"I had a chance to go to the NFL but Eugene is where my heart is" #inchipwetrust glad the big man & his visor are staying put. Recruit time
Lmao I'm just being honest lol
Everyone follow great guy who loves
Skyline Tavern in NW Portland. We're on scene as details trickle in
I can't wait you will definitely rock that stage like always :)
I'm outside as we speak. Rt plz!
perfect from the field in two games, perfect from the line in 8 games. Represent Chicago.
i was waching the viedo about how u got bullied that made me want to cry i now how u feel now i now to never give up my dream
Did the image file work out ok? Let me know if you need a hand creating it.
That note was hilarious! You got dissed!
Giving a first look.
$ so what's new? Been doing without for so long, forgot what having anything extra is! Haha! You'll do just fine, enjoy!
Tonight's special: Roasted chicken thigh atop cream braised white radishes with watermelon radish chips and bacon mustard greens.
LoBiondo: political breakdown can appear overwhelming but it's not the whole picture-there is hope in people's creative responses
Trying to cut back on sports tweets, but why can Manning and Tebow not play together? Manning is sensei and Tebow grasshopper
what a convo!
im watching Toddlers&Tiaras FOLLOW ME I FOLLOWED U
hey Mike:-) You need to come out to NC to visit asap lol
Cooking channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes. the Neely show
New blog post...
STILL raining in sac.... cmon now!!!
lol ok then im cluesless as to who or what but all good, how are ya?
My word is "paradise"
Avengers avenged.
What is with all this bad blog crap???
Yay! 's Smodcast Internet Radio launched today!
I hate when someone tells me they miss me,but then they dnt make the effort to talk to me. if u really missed me you'd do something about it
realtalk michaela bathroom is the greatest
had a dream last night that Blue was trying to eat me...woke up wanting to kick him in the nuts. i wonder if he's been fixed. cc:
happy birthday John Lennon. you left a better musical foundation for all to follow.Everyone imagine and inspire peace.
Carmina Burana with us, the , and their new Music Director, Krzysztof Urbanski! How could it get any better than that?
JPC's Thursday morning montage? "You Make My Dreams Come True" -H&O
thanks so much for the shout out! Really appreciate it!
Omg my sister wants me to do the ice & salt challenge
Some of the shxt I've been through I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy... But it has made me tougher nonetheless
Planning a nice get together out on my grandmas property let me know if ur interested and when a good time is to do this thing
Insane Offer for SHOES.COM is now LIVE! Click the link below and be one of the first to get it! www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
hey there gurl! Thanks for following. I'll follow you back!
#IAdmireMom because she's always there no matter what!
Get proof of funds lol RT : I have 10 MM available and I like risk. That was the phone call I just received. Any Ideas?
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days, I will be Sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cookie Mix. Papa Joe
is that on high street?
Take me down like im a domino..!!!
4th house on the right! Haha
okay i am calling whoever keeps talking shit about me out, other wise you are a pussy ass bitch, that just talks shit in words about others
Ali Arastu's story of discovering skid row (the urban wilderness). So crazy, so interesting, so inspiring
Ultimately, that's why I decided to put myself out there. Kinda scary but could be amazing.
the depression of a depression worldwide suicid 4 the economy dialecticchaos when themob on wall street took we thepeople 4 a ride
Touchy touchy.
Wife: honey I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear! Husband: kitchen, living room, dinning room, patio
Overthinking is what kills you...
buddy, after the great things I've heard about her, she's already got my ebert and roeper.
Ok, then... RT this cold weather is makin me miserable.. if my nipples were any harder they could cut thru glass
Just tapped, Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale (replaces All 4 Hoptimum Imperial IPA)
will you marry me??
dragon fossils in Cambrian rock???
thanks for the follow, cool name for your business!
I feel like f.... nvm
Rain Rain GO AWAY! Don't ruin my St. Patrick's Day!!!!!! Be safe and stay thirsty my friends!
what ever!!! I remember saying that last year
nice. Atleast ur friend can walk...
Do you guys know the status of Garrigus and his potential penalty? Dying to know......
We understand it's a big increase, but the #roads are still going to be cheap relative to many other toll roads across the country.
RT Headed back to Nashville in the morning... Video shoot next weekend... Life is good!
True confession: I don't understand some of the tweets in my feed.
Who did the #Bucks pick with the 1994 #NBA draft?
so the bull is going in Courtney's rooms right?
I look forward to hearing your tweets on good things to read, ! You're the best!
lol so much for the movies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
gahhhh love me.
ANIME TONIGHT ON BLEACH,FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST,DURARARA!!,KEKKIASHI,FLCL,COWBOY BEBOP,BIG-O,GHOST IN THE SHELL.
But DAL just spent on Spears. warns of mystery team.
Gonna hit these bastards at the break of dawn. If I can't sleep then nobody does.
: RT "Gawd, it smells like upsexy in here." "what the fuuck is upsexy?" "nothing much, how about yourself? ;)"
The sentencing of David Knudson has been postponed to January 26th. Knudson was convicted of attempted murder.
I'm just on a weekender here...I'll be back. Maybe...
76ers maul the Celtics For the last few weeks, one of the hottest topics surrounding the struggling 76ers has been whether Evan Turner is
Congrats to and on their call up to the England U-21 Squad!
Welp, I might be moving back to the good ole state of Arizona. We'll see what happens in the coming days.
So glad I have nothing to do with C2E2 this weekend. Anxiety prevention times infinity. Getting ready for Fest instead!
thanks for the follow, fellow CSUF English tweeter!
Just got out of Dark Shadows - it is a deliciously wicked and fun film for an irresponsible Friday - DvL
hey what's up?! Who are you going for in the playoffs?
Another artist I want all of my followers to support is The homie works extremely hard and makes hit records!
According to #UNESCO 372 #journalists have died during the last 5 years.
what are you called to do? Oprah asks
A Met Museum security guard accidentally shot himself in the leg today, while cleaning his handgun in a basement locker room. He's stable.
The "Like" button is the lazy man's comment.
ah it was amazing. perfect weather!
Michael Jackson Had Secret Affair With Whitney Houston, Says Bodyguard Who Claims He&#39;s Blanket&#39;s Real Dad
couldn't agree more.
We schedule our milestones around
Fingers crossed for good seats, good weather and a win!
OMG I LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN IT'S SO GOOD OMG I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!!!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
the morning session perfomance started us on a great note.off to Olarndo tommorow to do more work for God.crazy4god
Cowlapalooza Wednesday... Double Points from 8-11, Golden Girls on the Mooscreen. Idol on the Bar screen. Moolious food and drinks! Giddy UP
I'm taking Resource Description for Library Catalogs with Richard Smiraglia. Considering myself very lucky! Also Intro to IR.
Amazing and talented trainer and group fitness instructor at Equinox in NYC - FOLLOW and Stay Up TO Date with
YES! Everyone knows Vermont only does DOOM metal. Presumably Rhode Island excels at THRASH.
When life is too walk to handle start running!
I dont have to know you to tell you to get off my dick. You don't like the choice i make and who i talk to. Go cry about it.
Heh, have to tell myself that everyday.
Good job.
Oh no! I don't think I got it!
Reasons to like The Planets: is STELLAR, K. Urbanski is OUT OF THIS WORLD plus how often do we sing off-stage & outta sight?!
Oh, that would definitely be a problem. I tried to give a Span-speaking patron the Span. version. 1 hold.
I feel like a lot of my friends are like sponges where they just absorb the effort and friendship I give them, that's it.
Got gifts for some people! (:
Horray for tax refunds! Having a good night =)
Thanks for the RT! :)
I found some great packaging, but now I think that it is way too big. Back to the drawing board. The artwork to coming together too.
Off to get new shoes that won't destroy my feet and knees at work.
SapientNitro announces &#39;Spokes of Change&#39; Philanthropic Program ...
Houston, we have a drug problem.
looking for a great place to have a meeting near Grand Central... any suggestions?
my teacher called me a fag
Blessed be the name of the Lord!!
Better hope I say your name right, Mark.
1st success is relative. Go to those that are highest in the food chain (lawyers and accountants specalizing in small and and family biz)
Nothing more beautiful than a confident girl who doesn't pretend to be something she's not, down to earth, & lets no guy define who she is.
lol add me
I gotta save something for the actual conference. And on that front: don't you worry.
Divorce is expensive probably because lawyers are involved.
RT : Half nekkid & hungover headed to a pool party with my sugar boogers!!! Cabana bananas!!!!< what she said lol
Best thing I've done in Bmore all year- mini edibles mica party!
Go NOW to 72727 & txt BOA2011 to receive a FREE $39.99 COUPON for the 97 min Battle of Atlanta video. www.battleofatlanta.info
what will happen to traditional retail? Research and Markets: France Cider Market Insights Report 2011 - Provides a Comprehensive View of
Did anyone notice Rihanna's lead dancer had striking resemblance to Chris Brown as he danced so so close to her?
I'm hoping today isn't a huge disappointment
Beer Garden is going nuts. Get here now!!!
what it do sauce,its ur boy dave.HOVA THE GOD
AUSTIN'S DOING A USTREAMM!!!
my laptop cooking tho
Me: I'm gonna have ugly children, haha : No you can't, they're gonna be 's kids. Haha I love her!
Is Austin doing the Austeam, or not? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Here at #ommavideo all set up and ready to roll. I'm excited to gain some great insight today on video and tomorrow on social media.
cuz i still run the tweets all night and day.
Hey, awesome! Well, we're actively working on it, so any feedback or questions just send 'em our way!
yeah and you can hear my typing. its just that loud.
2011, what a year!
Yes, i know the trick!
I fucking hate everything at this point fml.. Idc anyways duck him andd her fuck all people.except my besties.
killlla cam cam!
I need a spoiler alert who went to the taping!?!?!?!?
leftovers for lunch. 2 farm fresh eggs. check. day old pan-fried spuds check. backyard parsley. aged gouda. one nouveau tortilla. warmth.
Ten Ways To Stay Warm ~ Friends, Hot Chai, WiFi, Soup, Chef Specials, Drinks, Great Deals, Cool Staff, Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a Week
what up Lenny!
ha! I think you 'dropped the ball'
Lmaoooooo RT ": Got fapper of the year 4 times in a row."
I didn't think you were bragging; I thought you were making a statement about the effects of digital media on memory :)
middle seat sucks
you gave me a bit of motivation today when reading your tweet, thank you bunches, have a wonderful weekend.
feeling like shit thi.k i may be coming down with the flu body hurt
#3WordsOfAdvice Trust no one
There will be tebowing in Baltimore tonight.
oh ok. what was that lmao for? O.o
I can't express my feelings or tell you how I feel, I can just show you.
Who can explain to me the concept of interpolation is 140 characters or less? Very important concept, but also somewhat ambiguous!
get on xbox
trblog? Whatever. There aren't any GIFs on it and it is thus misleading RT : The campaign blogblr, right.
Danger, she smashed a homie
Oh, Luke, it is so good to have you following me, I am thrilled beyond my imagination to have SUCH A GREAT AUTHOR know that I am!
To all my twitter followers -please follow I am traveling with them to Africa to try and help bring healing to traumatized youth.
Jethro has a great weekend with 7 Prostaff Member fishing in the Southern open on Harris & the Everstart on the Big O. W/ 3in the final day
keep working on it
If you sing flat and have no stage presence, you too can be in the final 2 on American Idol!?!
DHCD holds budget hearing today from 10 am to 12 pm in Boston, at 1 Ashburton Place, Conference Rooms 2 and 3.
man idk! You weren't in your usual spots!
would love to stop by ;) hint hint... Oh yeah I have awesome presents too.
Ok, who gave Milbury the Tetris tie?
I just finished a 3.15 mi run with a time of 36:00 with Nike+ GPS.
A great morning workout.
And now back to the same shit.
Run up the middle!
used to reply to me all the time. i dont know what happened!!
Beautiful day in Boston 4 the opening of Aberdeen's Chief Procurement Officer summit #CPO2011. Mike McHale, CPO of Invesco takes the stage.
Worst part about starting a new job is feeling totally lost and useless! I miss knowing what the heck I'm doing.
": #Annapolis #Butcher #NattyBoh #Sausage! My Butcher and More" I bet that's tasty!
Your so...
so theyre playing a 4-6-0 the rest of the season?
stay tuned for the first Rockshrink couch sessions response on monday on www.weallmakemusic.com
Jim Obrien is praying for a win today
WINTER PROMO USE CODE (NEW YEAR FREEDOM) AND GET A 25% DISCOUNT OFF ANY SERVICE.
poop where's that?
I would like Biden more if not for his bankruptcy act 2004. Crushed poor people.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
#topshot finale. Going down NOW!
methinks i need a mental health day off from work(s).
they are actually little asses on my chest
Getting ready for the Scottsdale Health Care golf tournament tomorrow- With this wind, I'll probably be hitting it more left than congress.
Waffles make the best breakfast.
that video of you is contagiously happy and inspiring.
The #Betancourt walk: Much like a solar eclipse.
“If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.” A. J. Liebling
Today is the last day for the #jaws ride at #Universal #Orlando. We'll go and post a #video to our website.
you can do better
That smile of urs drives me crazy
The Georgetown Mobile web application launched this morning with the opening of the h.Innovation Summit.
It is good to see Rip getting back in rhythm
Finally done with all my shopping!!! This may sound Scrooge-ish, but rude, inconsiderate, unaware shoppers need to be tazzed.
Goodnight Moon. Looking forward to a new day.
You're not famous if you have to throw your own shade. Real celebs have fans to do their dirty work for them.
Can we get the inevitable City equaliser out of the way? Would help things I think...
Ppl looking at me like I have no manners, I keep telling,these ppl I aint Matthew lol
off to write...then sleep
Looking forward to working with you guys tonight!
Lord thank u for everything u've done, what ur doing now, and what ur gonna do!!
Are you airing the Vernazza / CinqueTerre story today? Glad someone is finally covering it! Sad news for a place so many of us love.
If you're in or near Northridge, CA, I'll be at CSUN tomorrow (4/26) giving a talk on hook up culture: 11am Live Oak Hall 1124
whoah.. Yeah we heard it was a long line, but expected. Looks like most of our winners all made it in.
If the fears of ACL tear are proven true, which 2011 injury was more impactful than losing your starting 1B for year?
Yea its fine though if you aren't. No big deal or anything.
mean girl
Wish my computer would stop being a dick.
Caps all the way
Any fan of that folk/Americana/rustic sound should start listening to The Lumineers. Gorgeous.
not optimism. Facts. Also a fact: paul changes gm's like socks, which makes the job somewhat unappealing.
In a little bit I'm going to buy my ticket!!!! :D
I'm so excited to go to Miami, I can already feel the sand in the crotch of my bikini.
Writing about Volkswagen: Used Volkswagen Diesels
I don't schedule the magic, I just make it. Drink it in, little camper.
RT": You gotta love a city that smells like BBQ. #Austin"
#culturalmuseumsn David Hurst Thomas - due to NMAI, natural history and antrhopology will never be the same, and that's a good thing.
Studying Up With Cecil's Subjects This week's Jazz Scene calendar leads off with the ongoing tribute to piano legend Cecil Taylor in Harl
I could add 'Where is my Mind' by the Pixies :)
Thanks...it was great seeing you too! You need to check out for a shirt!
Happy 4th of July Everyone be safe god bless american. :)
excellent point!
My pleasure re: #FF shout-out!!
awww feel better :( and text your mom she might come get you
A few snowflakes falling here and there this morning. No major problems expected.
#TopFlawlessAlbums Nevermind? Sgt. Pepper? Pet Sounds? Dark Side of the Moon? this trend makes me feel like snot-nosed kids run twitter.
TREE INFO-Did you know that there are national pruning standards? American National Standards Institute (ANSI) Section A-300
Raaaad. RT A bunch of & related stuff got name-dropped by rad people over on Destructoid, too! bit.ly/rHx6Vb
LDS Church not part of redrawn liquor suit against state - Salt Lake Tribune
then get yourself some pancakes
Thanks for the follow, Simons.
i know it is ;) lol
lemme guess, mc hammer? Cuz he gives his # to everyone.
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you.~ Amy E. Dean
Thanks for sharing our newsletter. I appreciate your support.
#foodforthought It takes approximately 1.4 gallons of milk to make 1 gallon of ice cream.
I still taste em on my lips....m
lol have fun
Congrats... can't wait to check you out! ;)
Cool and no problem! Glad Teo corrected by faulty first
Sleep time, goodnight Houston :)
Christine Amanpour was the speaker. Good speech. My oldest daughter now officially has a Master's in Landscape Architecture. Good times.
have you ever had a dream about someone you never really thought of and starting likeing them??
Now if only I had enough (any) musical talent to help “Daniel and the Haystacks” headline Djangocon…
Tragedy for LPGA Tour. 25 year old Erica Blasberg found dead in her home in Las Vegas
someday i'll be big enough so you can't hit me, and all you're ever gonna be is mean. why you gotta be so mean?
Yo Carla, How's tee time?
finals need to GO AWAY so i can get back to this rap shit.
My dog is making me mad. He ate some things in the house . He is in timeout right now. Bad doggy
the point isn't to get a lot in return. It's to get a major league arm out there and bring in some new blood
Good Night People..
look at you! Congrats on the new place!
love your face
Excited!! Now starts the season of me laying out!! May this pastiness be gone!!!
"Ninjas of Glory": that's cool, Ari!
#VDay #poem from The Pinch: Some flies kill other insects/and bring the corpses to their mates to woo them./Want to come see my basement?
Watching dog people talk to each other outside. Rarely run into cat people outside.
thank you so much love. Please share the video with your friends!
Thank you! RT : Spinnin hard were u get that drop at?
Just landed in ATL. Lunch and then on to NOLA.
i want a banana split!.(: yummy
please I gotta meet Floyd when he come to Chicago its my bday please I love him
you're gorggggg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Yayyy Takeover Time !!!
Looks like a night for #CODBlackOps with ^_^
Is there a vid of you and Nick doing the dance of joy? :)
Lolol as I was just apologizing for being #extra during this show!
Now we're going to count off in 3's to pick groups. Ready?
abc at 1.
#RT for a rate on looks and a tbh from me and :)
Just finished micro braiding my cousins hair.... Fingers hurt like heck!!!! #sleep!
Close call for the #2 Monster Energy Graves Yamaha rider Josh Herrin going off the track in qualifying. He was able to recover & keep it up
Practicing tonight gearing up for our big St. Patty's Day show! See you all Saturday night at Cafe 322!
what where y'all doing on that mat thing? Haha
Thanks for this---one of my fav. SD places.
Why do I always wait to the last minute to pack? 4 am is going to come early.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great
I pre-ordered Up All Night DVD & I'm pretty sure that is going to write a message directly to me on the cover ;)
TV Tropolis is the BEST! Why am I not there with you?!?!
hahaha yeah not many of my friends including you are going
beat up those PackerS!!! would love some tix
Hii Kenny How are you ? Follow me (:
Im good thanks
Inside she cried outside she lied
in your subscribe song video is that a gibson Les Paul sun something guitar
Attn ladies: it isnt acceptable to wear heels 2 a sporting event. Or ur mans oversized tee, alyssa milano has created overpriced clothes 4 u
Gotta get them tweet numbers up
locbit allows advertisers to reach customers by location and only charges when your ad is interacted with.
Totally agree. "Azure" makes the product sound provisional, like it's an experimental beta of some kind. Can't do that with cloud!
Happy 4th of July MKE! Look for us in the Energy Independence Day Parade!
Pretty ugly #Celtics game. Only reaching 40 points for either team in the 3rd quarter, and too many giveaways! Go Green!!
You take 100 pictures of yourself when you go to the mall? Wow, you have so much "swag."
How did the dentist go?
I'm going to practice living fearlessly. I have been through the storm, so now I know better than to fear the rain.
I wonder when time flys by to yu does it for someone else???:/
Love watching CP3 lead his team.
RT:: Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind -DR Suess
Rehearsal once again! :)
Random baseball fact of the day: Most consecutive steals w/o being caught by one player in a career was 50 by Vince Coleman (StL) '88-'89.
the ice cream truck is near! and playing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" :) cracks me up every.single.time.
Lane closures on Eastbound Beltline between Whitney Way & Verona Rd & Westbound Beltline between Seminole Highway & Verona Road mon-wed.
No, you're not. I just cancelled your plans.
Ironically, I like book version of Margaret and not the John. But I like the movie John and not Margaret.
Woo from my study group! Lets Go Devils! : Parise scores!”
just got back from swimming at the beach with brittany
We appreciate your support!
Now that is a great proposal that kids should stay in school until they're 18 but of course education is the #gop enemy.
What they DON'T tell you about eating dairy when you're sick is that your phlegmballs come out perfectly spherical and billiard-sized
LMAO! Behind close doors...NO! You still remembered!!! In BUSINESS yes! ;-)
You believing in religion doesnt make you a better person
Botox can be enhanced with injections with fillers (Restylane, Juvederm, etc.), Belladerma Peels, and Belladerma Skin Care products.
is my rolemodel , my inspiration , my life <3
Ahaha. RT : Duly noted. And if that guy gives you any trouble, let me know.
plz notice me i know some day u will
I've been wondering the same about you!:) We are doing ok, just alot to do lately:-/ I'm thankful for choices!
Is OFF NOW @ myen
Have a great day.
thanks for the Valentine's day piece retweet! Hope you had a great one!
Good photos. But it's the same old story I've heard a million times. I want togs to dig in, dig deep, & show me something new.
thank I'm about to read this one
I'll never keep a secret and ill never tell a lie - babyface
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
Uh oh. I think we need signs with neon lettering telling people they can't save to the public computers' hard drives.
We would survive all manners of apocalypse, especially #zombies. Unless those zombies had nukes
Lavo Brunch YUM!
Hell Ya ! Howd we ever fit so many ppl in that basement? There are still marks on the wall from all the bumpin & grindin
Good Night Twitter, Thankful for a place to lay my head tonight...Be open minded to every cause for praise and thankfulness in your life!
Yay a solo:) so beautiful.
#iknowateacher who showed me how to believe in myself.
Laying by the pool today...
I'm not afraid of bugs, snakes or mice.
i will not forget! i am super stoked! its gonna be fabulous!
At 1 a.m., Hurricane Ike was 20 miles south-southeast of Galveston. Wind gusts on island measured at 85 mph.
Exactly. :) Wish you would have been there! Dinner this week?!
#ff #followalibrarian because I keep figuring out how to do twitter by watching him! & he's got a great info stream going besides!
#TNAKICKASS hell yeah
agreed ! Those are the Squash 2000. Thx for the conference. Great stuff.
How did you enjoy being apart of the Savored program?
Niskanen: "Envy, combined with the erosion of constitutional limits on the powers of govt, has...weakened the Western market economies."
I'll be in Greensboro next weekend! RT : Amber goes to the East coast, and won't be here... Sad now.
Has turned into a morning "news" show.
I should have but t least I know which direction he lives ahha
Thank YOU for your leadership in this amazing program!
The jorts are out tonight rock/cena
Its finally Friday
Yep......and it looks like that was the case...
Congratulations To All The 2012 Graduates
Each of the examples in that article were so cringe-worthy, I felt dirty after reading it. Yet, it is recommended reading.
Happy Birthday to our very own Ken Converse, elite hardware salesman. Feel free to stop in and say hi!
Championz Myrtle beach memorial wknd. Bike week!!
That's what I told my team at work, haha!
The Carolina Panthers players who judged the Hooters Bikini were Sherrod Martin & Captain Munnerlyn. Neither shld be in the
Saw 3 protests in Cuzco today - mine workers this morning and then anti-child labor & anti-corruption/Keiko (pres. candidate) tonight.
please please be me I love his smile but the 1 when he gets shy why his mom walks in on his ustream that 1 gets me every time
Save Your Home Anna Cuevas on with Les Brown KFWB
Helpful. "I was discovering a method that would work with impenetrable films: Focus on what you saw and how it affected you." -
LIKE THEM HOW OLD R U ?? I AM 14
#10ThingsIWantToBuy Lots and lots of clothes.
hey guys Whats up?
I hate the fact that Battlefield 3 labels one of their games modes as "Co-op" when you can't even play on the same console.
I was waiting for you too text me......
get out and go to a pool...lol
Happy new year! About to witness the transition of Erie county govt.
There's always one person who hates u more then yourself
And now for a condo board meeting (which, despite having written up the announement myself, I belatedly realize I'm hosting)...
ive never had one either! please let me join!
I play rock music, check my band out
Hey tell pioli he's an IDIOT. Haley deserved more respect.
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity. -Charles G. Dawes
Just finished 's Scientology book and am almost too creeped out to write the review. Well done.
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to roll around in the grass & sleep in the sun like muff...on 2nd thought who do I have to impress?
$5 sandwiches with duck fat fries today!!! That's better than your mom letting you stay up late!!
RT : Trying to win something on Power96 isn't the same with out you guys
Trey Parker and Mclovin are the Black Keys
how can they feature someone and then say they don't have any songs that are essential listening?
First impressions count.
sad you aren't here! Already great... And it just started!
yes! Fantastic commercial.
Its funny how both #NBA and #NFL #lockout negotiations improved when the 'lawyers left the room'. Maybe they should have a smaller role...
I am still hopeful as well. ABCFam runs a flexible schedule so I feel it would be a solid fit.
Just assembled our BLVD prize-pack giveaways for tonight's Blissfest at Whoever wins these will be STOKED.
Not all women are introduced to gay life in prison.Is it possible that some women choose to be gay because intro
RT : RT : ¸.•*<U+2605> "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up." <U+2665> ~Mark Twain~ ¸.•*<U+2605>
Omg. The Hunger Games was AMAZING. Cant wait for Catching Fire to come out!!!!
RAISE IT! Pirates improve to 17-18 with a 3-2 victory over Miami.
We got approval to launch the new Industrial Analytics Services website! New WebAdmin 4.0 upgrade and design.
I keep meaning to catch repeats but no time. However I am determined to do (start) the Gilmore Girls Reading Challenge
that looks amazing. Hahha
jealous! I'd like to see all 3 made into a single product.
Google and Oracle &#39;Experts&#39; Clash Over Android&#39;s Java Mimic
me :)!! saviour brought me to tears it was soo beautiful :) <3 ur amazing andy and ur my hero
your fellow Aussie Jason Day shot a 2nd round record of 64 at the Masters!
why can't you
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JB!!
Hey! Big sale today to the Caribbean/Bahamas Reduced Deposit, Free Onboard Credit, Free upgrades! Details Jackie 954-514-4413
oh, that's in switzerland.. 's home territory. Gorgeous riding though.
What's the word for the feeling you get when you discover someone who you think is a misogynist tool has written a brilliant essay?
I hate conceptual photography and love recreating Fabregé eggs.
Talk about a negative campaign, Santorum's supporters seem to prefer "booing" than cheering during his speech!
i thought i already followed you? whats all this about a protected account.
Learning all about meat consumption in antebellum New York
Are there any Easter egg hunts going on tomorrow in #nashville?
I'm not a celtics fan for the record... Ijs -_-
Vote for Prom Queen!
I still have feelings for you. And no matter how many times I tell myself that I'm better off without you, a part of me just won't let go.
I'm laughing on the inside, I swear.
Yep I'm officially bored.
Grow up. Stop talking shit.
RFT : I miss the old lil wayne
i think they are kind of equal in my opinion, slight edge to the nuke being easier
why is mark penn's fat useless face on right now?
When one door closes another one door will appear just open it...... even if it is a doggie door. ~ Lisa Morgan
People who don't accept you for who you are, aren't worth knowing you anyway!!
yeah i felt like the description on the site was of a 'matte' finish but apparently not. oh well, not too big of a deal
Its like I'm in Jr.high again. Play more Moz! RT stoked that is now officially doing afternoons 2-6pm on !
I'll walk halfway around the world just to sit down by your side and I would do most anything, girl, to be the apple of your eye...
excellent! Looking forward to catching up!
Where would you do this? Am thinking about doing the same thing for a trip to Montreal.
Computers r stupid >(
1800 is my shit. im up here blowing now. that sure would be nice with it. lol
oh alright just checking. :) lol
excited for tomorrow #needthis like crazy
Heading to my home county, Meade, for a bean supper. Can't wait to see my family and old friends.
Molly's best performance. Also, Annie Potts, James Spader, and Otis Redding. RT : Pretty In Pink is on and why is it so great?
One more week of school then I will be on my way starting my senior year
Letzzz be honest
thanks for the RT! If you know any other wifi spots... you can edit the page and add to the list.
Flame throwers are on stage now... #FatTuesdayReloaded Brought to u by
I hate it when people get pissed off at you because you won't drop what you're doing to see them. My life doesn't revolve around you.
It takes internal confidence to compliment another. It says "we are not in competition and I am happy for your success."
Finna bump A$AP
Referee in the Redskins vs Ravens Game : "False start. Offense. The entire offensive line." Hilarious.
Sunday only, w/ coupon: Buy 1 smoothie, get 1 free at Lighthouse Maui Café & get 30% off color, highlights, curls at Great Styles & Cuts.
I think that's a shame. Whats wrong with these guys?
Something Wicked This Way Comes in my pants
I am going to the OKC game on 4/1 for my sons first Bulls game. Can we have your shoes from the game?
what time in in at 330 to close
backend of website had a meltdown... going to be a long couple days
So Latour's entire purpose in life is to make everything messier?
and my chest on here cuz bitches luv it
Enjoying the snow day, even if we have to shovel. The best part, the GS cookies to keep us going...
This is the best performance of the night so far
"I have a game plan & we can perfect it over food" why I love "
. I totally worked a gig in the children's ward of a hospital with this guy - he's super nice. (Yeah, I was Wonder Woman.)
who's wheat will take the seat
Ft Worth H&G Market was a HUGE SUCCESS! Houston Home & Garden Market is Feb 12-14 @ Reliant Center. www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
": Everything is slipping away and im scared to lose it all" You only lose it all if you believe there's nothing better (:
We say FACT! #VAlueYourPower RT : Myth or fact? Closing off vents in unused rooms helps save #energy & lower your monthly bill.
Thanks for the mention. Great to see fans let others know about us.
hence the face palm -_-
Got lost in the Anaheim IHOP looking for the restroom. Stumbled upon a machine in a back room printing money.
Thank you! Have a great day as well.
we should probably get a manager. who wants to be it?
I've never seen or read any of the LOTR stuff. I'm semi pop culture illiterate
Atlanta, Memphis Tn, New Orleans. Chicago, DC, Miami, Orlando, New York set your appointments for Tree braids www.hairgynesis.com
I'm guessing someone is singing that at the moment ... Lol
O RT Don't get smart BA RT : sure do
#1 in my fantasy basketball league, yes I'm going to boast about this for a long time.
shouldn't we leave scientific calculations to scientists? i'll stick with my regular calculator, thank you.
Creepy? Yes. Worth it? Damn straight
Please pray for my Mother. She is feeling the extreme lost today. I was going to leave for Oregon but have decided to stay. Praying.
#aam2011 regional associations session: reasons to join=networking, prof dev, learn fm colleagues, practical & therapeutic support
I think I'm ready to crash.
I'm back on myspace, even though I'm probably the only one who uses it lol!! join me :)
Thanks so much for the article
Leather vest, turtleneck, riding boots. It's 72 degrees out. PT : ... twitterers, what are you wearing right now?
Hey hey hey ^.^
I have Gucci Mane stuck in my head. Damn you,
You both make me proud. Even more so after you register for ShankaThon X. RT You have made proud!
Stay home & rest up today if you aren't feeling better!!
I always thought the #Padres would win a #worldseries before the #rangers... Who am I kidding, no I didn't...
I'm doing good and yourself?
me too! he had a grand slam the other night i think. it feels good to beat the team that trades you ;) but go tigers!!!
ok I will let you know by Friday
This Patrick Willis E:60 story is heartbreaking. He starting working full-time at 10 years old
I will be attending the conference in November. :) Would you like to follow me back??
It was something to behold.. Good luck today!
Happy Sunday!(:
Emoticons ruined the art of anger expression I miss angry text that stung when read. Ending w/ :) really softens the blow. I feel cheated:(
thanks, super helpful.
yup cold n windy! I already chuckd mine headed home o yea!
But I'm straight RT : fuck you guys then
Hey - welcome back to ATX! I peeked in at Chevrolet Sound Garage tonight and it's going to be a good look!
The Met has a strong presence with other big players following
I'm not sure but it smells awesome
I'm a traveling ad salesman from Pontiac, Illinois. Get with it.
hello to you Women 2.0 ladies :) thank you for finding me and connecting!
Thanks! And at this very moment, she is even sleeping... which is _really_ adorable.
omg i WANT that DVD so bad camt wait #1DVDforme :) <3
Yay, Candice! So excited to finally meet u. Im canceling all plans. : ) anywhere special for lunch?
Let the african dancers begin! Woot
Comments on 2012 expo ? Do tell..
they on fire...on fire
do you want one of those austin?
off too work :)
Playing the guitar dam man I should be payed too good not to be playing I'm light years ahead of those guitar hero this this shit 4 real
for sure! Tho please don't judge all #coworking spaces by that article. They chose to highlight one totally obscure exception.
Steele sends to cmte a res urging GA to look at alternative savings for Medicaid given importance to County system.
Dang. Can't sleep. So what's up?
At doing a show at Greco finna put on!! Its Keith J. Forever!!!!
lol they are so cute! I know u want one.
Lol. Here we got Rangers, here we go! RT : Oh no..and so it begins
ok, & we sure word! we should talk on facebook when you come back so we won't be all over everyone's TL, haha <333
Yo dude! I've been in "The Biz" since I was 13! Worked for 2 iron chefs! U need 2 come back to Philly & I will show you THEE best!
MEE :) RT: This Week!!! Portland - San Francisco - Los Angeles - San Diego - who's coming out???
happy earth day
Picked up a copy of The Hunger Games but cannot begin reading until I get some school work done. It will be my prize for being productive.
I hate when people tweet a celebrity "If you love your fans you will RT this" of course they love their fans...what the fuck.
chilling how is the music coming along?
nope, I think it probably didn't resonate as funny elsewhere in the US as it did to us
that #arbys site isn't in flash, which i appreciate.
Someone talk to me ! haha
We questioned everything, from the ED's $400K annual salary to why the org's spending had gone so far off course from original intent
Screw being sad over petty bullshit! I have a great life and should be living it up! So high on life right now!!!
just called cigarettes the first social network... #classic #truth where is ? Hooking up?
Happy Milwaukee day!
The CPLP Symposium scheduled for Feb 15 has been cancelled. If you paid online the full amount paid will be refunded to you.
I'm a beautiful butterfly!
guess I watched you on tv and for some Reason I thought it was the Fever. Well best of luck this year
go ahead. If not, have an official transcript sent to our office by paper and we can scan/upload it to your account
awesome to meet you last night! Thanks again for coming to listen :)
Trivia @ O'Leary's :30pm with host Eric "Super DJ" Lyte. He's fun and funny. Come compete, win prizes have fun, eat & drink with geniuses.
Exact Target found that 76% of internet users surveyed have been directly influenced to purchase an item or service thanks to a direct...
we can start our day without, but it's preferred.
I can't wait to see you at the alumni day!
#imagine Austin:whats her name cause im overly attracted and terribly convinced tht she could be mine forever Alex:*yourname* tht it -anna
What happens on Google Plus stays on Google Plus. Ok maybe not. But circle us anyway!
in that case, I'm firing you from all of your 9 jobs. Your sole task is book writing. Pack your boxes.
Liam likes trying to mimic Niall's accent.
Live at 8AM - www.pdxsucks.com discusses the nudist colony now known in the Pacific Northwest as "Ashland".
thats what im saying
..and then their are others who hinder the overweight woman when she makes the decision to get fit
Teaching at Chelsey Piers in NYC was AWESOME by the way :)
Nicholas Kristof is right: handguns should be measured as a public health hazard; see his latest in the New York Times
lol oh ok. Liz I wanna go to Canada and visit you and site see Canada
what no working out makes you
yay tel me what u thinkk
ugh P2 is going to win; he has the whole state of Georgia and all the females who watch the show voting for him
nice show !!! to sleep now
What did he bowl?
We signed off on the final mold. Will be manufacturing next week in #Pittsburgh. Thanks for asking! We are excited for launch
Sweet! RT : I have had a super long week and I think Jazz is on the menu real quick, before I go nuts. lol.
You can’t sell anything if the prospect doesn’t understand the message. Simplify your marketing message, make clarity your #1 objective.
Posted on June 25, 2008 in Diet and Exercise Blogs by noemi · 7 opinions voiced
We have been getting a lot of feedback and amazing followers. Please spread the word around and don't forgetto check us out ...
If you are looking to add alkaline water to your wellness routine, there is no easier, more economical way than Alkalife.
Mustard stains RT Cat piss RT : Tonic water. RT : Things that glow under black light: petro jelly, $20 bill.
Suddenly, thankful that today's payday.
well, i had to look it up to make sure...
Anticipating an exciting call shortly...hope to have more awesome DJ news to share!
Just tried to sleep for two hours in O'Hare airport. I think plane sleeping might be more comfortable. I just want to lay down!
I love Big Live
You see your ex with another dude at a party and your body temperature hit 150 degrees, just wanna shoot up the whole damn party
Where did the time go??? Time to sign off!
We have a HUGE giveaway at , by name of Ducati Monster 696. Want it? Keep an eye on Facebook and Twitter for details how, next week!
Are you toying with any playful themes for your wedding? Do share!
"He who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning."
ok it's alright with me! eric hutchinson
This woman is such a flirt. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
You have heard correct. Cask of Kind and all five on tap
Ny Giants! Manningham is new David Tyree!!
"Don’t get caught swatting mosquitoes when a tiger is about to strike".
HUGE LIFE MOMENT: Our four blueberry bushes just yielded a cumulative two blueberries. A small but delicious first harvest.
I loved your dress at the launch party! so chic! you deff need your own show! so classy darling =)
I wish someone would give me a box of ferrer rocher for valentines ...
I found them at Cub today. I have never had my mind blow like this!
Atta girl! Bacon always makes everyone happy :)
thank u so much: D
#hatethatmoment when I can't decide if I want to stay up or go to sleep...
One of those "reflecting on life and memories" moods while listening to the Fray's new album. In 3 weeks a new chapter begins.
You did the impossible, gained my trust
This new layout is a Twitter fail, as far as I'm concerned.
oh my vampire diaries. BEST EPISODE EVER.
jealous! Have fun!!
Nice! 3 semesters are required. Italian 1 got an C (before I knew you lol) Italian 2 got an A ( when I knew ya lol)
lol, I can't believe you're looking at the wrong timeline.
It's official I'm engaged
Tomorrow is a new day. Tomorrow will be better. Maybe tomorrow I'll actually remember to pick up toilet paper at the store...
I don't know what Elf on the Shelf is. Is that bad?
copying Seth eh?
Girls follow Danielle Doty , if u want tips to get gorgeous hair like her:)
That line has been incredible the whole series.
if fox wants to make the election about who flip-flops more, I'm comfortable with that
Naturally. I would "like" this if I could "like" a tweet. :)
Thanks, that is helpful, as my acupuncturist never called it anything, this will help to explain to my scientist Dad!
Does any body's škøøl is in Astoria but give me a direct <U+E103> to me for that way they won't find u
It just keeps getting better...
working my ass off and playing a little poker tonight.
DEFENESTRATE TOO OBSCURE TO BE IN BOOK. NEXT: CALLIPYGIAN
RT : Finish this: The purpose of life is _____ [Answer: To learn how to love. (Loving God, self and others is the key. ] :)
Louis Oosthuizen, you played a fantastic round of golf today. Amazing albatross.
If you're a cook or culinary student in the L.A. area and would be interested in a stage/intern/extern opportunity in June, let me know.
This is the exactly reason I live to watch Gayo's every year! Loving the special stages!
RT : Is it a bad sign when you reach for OpenCL to calculate your taxes? ;-)
#NPC Luncheon with Rudy Giuliani on September 6 officially sold out
Shout to all 379 listeners who tuned in tonight on the "Letz Chopp It Up Show",, & much luv &
Here at #sxsw and I can say.. This is the most corporate back bunch of Fucks on the planet. Next year #fuckthebadge hang out in coffee shops
No doubt Mike. Thankls for noticing ": Russell Wilson ballin out. Top 3 qb n college hands doen"
so excited for Atomic Storytime!!!
Merry Christmas babe. I love ya
just watching the best catcher in the league right now. but someone should tell him to throw the ball to the pitcher not in the dirt.
Rainy morning in Anaheim. Heading to airport
RT publishers need to radically expand their definition of editorial: it's the only unique quality they retain
Mr Brown I know the show ended. but I was wondering do you think you would do occasional Good Eats specials?
two finals and two papers to go
This twitter beef is gettin on my damn nerves as well as facebook beef ! Smfh
I will love you always :D
Special thanks to Winstead PC for hosting the last stop on the Freedom Ride externship! They even bought us !
Perhaps we need 2 football leagues. In 1, plyrs sign injury waivers and can hit. The other - driven by player protection. Which 1 thrives?
LOL... No trash talking tonight, Ubaldo is pitching.
Who's going to tell Santorum that the census data released today isn't current?
Since when is office microwave etiquette the following: see someone else's stuff in there? Add your lunch and add more time!
Not lettin no nigga come in between me and my best friend
can't wait to cheer for randy braun tonight
I WAS ONLY WATCHING IT TO LAUGH
Save me some!!!
cuz u don't kno her!!!! She gets in everyones business and I know your talking about bad stuff about me
leaving for DC in about an hour . yayayayay . #peaceoutohio . <U+270C>
Congrats! Love that your study provides hope that not all neuromarketing will be used for evil! :)
I'm good and have a job now you
good night everyone. i feel like i'm going to get sick.
Um I just saw a huge rat running around the short hills mall
UH...OHKKKK!!! Let me FIND FEAR on my end...so your threat will have leverage...OH WAIT!!!>>> CAN'T AND WON'T FIND IT! ;-)
#AFS11 cliff murphy: folklorists r a tool for getting govt resources to a more diverse constituency
seriously the worst. So many facepalms tonight.
What do you think of SOPA?
Became a United States Resident this morning. No more worries, my husband & I can live happily ever after right here if we want to;
I knew you would come around
MT : Santorum sugar-daddy Foster Friess on : In his day girls used aspirin for birth control. They put it btwn their knees
yeah pretty much
What happened?!
RT : A6: I like to share stories of how online networking has connected to offline. Not 1 or the other; they are linked.
Get me all the seasons of "Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" on DVD and I will love you forever. I love that show! Especially Will Smith!
OMG your aprons are so cute, funny, and fabulous! Good Luck! See u on twitter, thanks for the follow...
Umm. I'm trying to watch my figure. Chex Mix is a low-fat snack!
when okc lose in game 6 watch err body jump on miami and La dick
LOVE it! It's got everything in one spot. Thanks much for the great app!!
had a fun weekend. . .but a baby shower, a bachelorette party, and shopping might be to much for one weekend!
YEA A BIG FAT LOOK BACK UGH I CNT STAND HER SMH
Day 4: going from Amarillo, TX to Flagstaff, AZ and turning back the clock another hour. Shouldn't be in too late, maybe 430ish local time!
Yes we do! All of our un-solds go daily and special requests can be made to !
Saw that, too. Were you there?
#EdMcGinty uses Google Ngrams to verify and explore language in #BoardwalkEmpire scripts.
What were you celebrating on Friday night?
i <3 your tweets! #theyrock :D
Workin' tonight Dj Mao.
Idaho takes the lead at halftime 47-46. Travis Leslie leads the Jam with 10 points
you win some you lose some ;)
yes we went to blogfest2011 and loved it!!!!!
what are you asking?
Ipad2 and iPhone 5 youtube.com/watch?v=3UytiX…
follow me back I <3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!<333 :)oxoxoxoox
Commissioner Gordon Lightfoot
Well So Am I , But I Dont Really Show It LOL
Now Its Alot Of Badd Bitches In The Buildin ,Amen
You have to follow in order for me to send you a DM. However, you can reach me at my office at 859-514-2720
im sorry but these were cracking me up.
feeling majorly misanthropic right now.
Okay you don't even have a point anymore. I've had Twitter for over 3 years.
I agree. If nothing else, he has presence (motivational and otherwise), and that can't hurt them.
for sure, keep me posted. If anything fill out an application online and If it works out I will try to get you an interview
Will you post the pictures from your event last night on your Facebook account?
Who's Harley ?!
I love you :D
Where are you going for Spring Break? I cannot remember... Please say Cancun.
This lesbian said she gone stop doin utha women cuz her kids r gettin hip to her.....
Yes, thank you Ms. Laser Explosion!
weekend plans?
Hello twitter I'm back >D
I'd be gleeful if Glee got cancelled.
Hi ariana <3 u should really give me a henna tattoo:D then i can make it a real and get it tattoo'd on me<3 !!!
Im so excited is finally back in the u.s;I can finally be awake at the same time as him; so mayyybee he will notice me now 6
Heroes are the people who do what has to be done when it needs to be done!
You'll miss 100% of the shots you never take
aint that the truth. Yos has an RA too and that's far more legit. Well see wut happens
IM A UNICORN AND I KNOW IT!!!!!!!
Read it in the newspapers! Ask your girlfriends and see if they know!
I wanna be the smile you put on your face!
and the wine. lots of it.
I am B O R E D! lol My mommy has a suprise for me this month! Can't wait! <U+263A>
Maybe not all in one trip... ;) RT : you won't be disappointed. Buy all the drinks #ALLthedrinks!
second best part of #nytm simulcast is beer.
Grainger was killin me yesterday skipped 2 classes cause i would have died had i gone.that would have meant missing a lot more
RT if you are a belieber :)
Morrow - yet again he tweeted impaired prestige
damn mom its your day, you pick what we doin.......
If yall aint catchin my tweets about my ls den u #SLEEP just like ha ass ws
Leaving St. Louis... Off to Kansas City.
Playing at the coffee house! come see me perform live people on tuesday :) if you have the number hit me up for more info!
You are lucky if your neighbors like Obama.. my neighbors are rednecks.. might have to put sign in protective case. Lol..
Chase im obsessed with you just thought i'd tell you . since i was just informed .
man I was looking for boostie all yesterday. I got the tempations playin can't you see sweet thang. good vibes forsure outvynl
Spell-check is like bumpers on a bowling lane. I'm ashamed to have to rely on it. What I mean to say is that "accommodate" is a stupid word.
I'm done with this semester #ThankGod & my bro For getting me through it
Love to play, but too short. :(
#YungDeet chant at prom good look, I love all y'all!
The cake was....
thanks for following back booboo!
Matt Cooke's nomination for the #NHL Masterton Trophy is an embarrassment & a disgrace. I can't even...
What a nice thing for him to say.
Interesting. Thanks. How are things??
I did not know that,,thx,,twitter is a learning tool,,[I couldn't remember how to spell education]
and tonight in seattle at university books.
Omg I almost just died!!! I just rang out an old old lady named Ann Frank!!!! Bahahahaha
“: To most #Capricorn's love & sex go together & are meant to last a lifetime.”---See it's not just me
Does everyone know about iRealB? It's an amazing app for your iPad/iPhone/iPod touch. It is especially good for Jazz vocalists.
Report those compliments to your ass before it grows so big it forms its own website
Thank u for all the well wishes, likes and tweets today. Am excited about this new path. It makes me tingle. And not in a bad way....
how old r u guyz??
HeLLo! RT : Shouout to , The #CrashCourse Music Picture Coming Soon
Both of which Coach Knight disagrees with, ball screens and the overuse of the dribble versus man defense. IDK..
“: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with... just by using facial expressions” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
yeupp , I'm from itanhomi well my family iss , and i have family there(:
i make music, take pictures, code, design, write. know what that did to help my friend & people in similar situations? not a goddamn thing.
RSVP NOW TO THIS AMAZING FUNDRAISER MAY 12TH!
I suppose since I'm looking for a job, I should tweet about smart things...but this is my personal account, not a work account...
Sounds like you might have some good thoughts on and I would love to hear any ideas - email or in person
and we rep that shit hard
I'm disappointed that 's review of the Honey Badger game on does not mention
Thanks for the follow! Hope you are enjoying our "twidioms".
“: I always wondered as well. RT : Why do girls play softball and not baseball?” We need answers!
So glad has picked her dress from Yay!
yes, you and Dom. Can't forget Dom. Lolol
Looking good ladies
Thanks so much for the RT!
Suggestions for #highered via : imagine faculty of future; student centered work beyond learning process; partnerships
" HAVE A GREAT WEEK TO ALL MY TWEETS:)
Ill wait to make that tweet
Michelle Shocked in madison tomorrow, free concert at noon !
Money Talking, Wait somebody on The other Line Was Good Who Dis? More Money......
Both #CAA semifinals. Updates here. First game between Drexel and ODU just after 2:00.
i want to marry One Direction <3
We all have a past..
Watching Worlds Dumbest Outlaws 6.... FUNNY AS SHITT!!
Midterm time, no Internet...kinda makes me feel like I'm at SLU.
thanks Brian, have a great bday party
Spent Thanksgiving weekend in San Antonio. LOVE visiting cities I've never seen before. The Alamo, Riverwalk and lots of sky...
lmfao! I don't like You right now.
what night would you like to workout? Sorry about last week - was at my creative director's house until midnight.
Big news! Luke Burbank will host the April 20th Laff Hole! You know Luke from NPR, KIRO radio, Too Beautiful to Live. www.prokomedy.org
I am now leaving to go to a mall early enough to beat all the young whipper snappers. If I try to buy a minivan next, someone please slap me
Im still a country boy, backwoods of North and South Carolina.
Spending way too much time online these days...Love catching up with old friends though.
How do we join?
Of course you can!!
Pacers move on!!
italy beat usa 1-0 (Gianni goal) in 90 wc and they were supposed to win by 10. Think italy missed pk in that game too
is there anybody who thinks it isn't??
No one can put out my fire ;)
Nobody could steal your thunder, go for what ya' know, ya' know? LOL! #AlwaysGREAT!
Hi Iain! Is there an email address for you where I may send you a release regarding the upcoming Council Elections? Thanks!
When I drive past someone who's been pulled over by a Cop...I think, "Succkkkkkkerrrr!" Then I think, "I should pay attention to the road."
Prom tommorow! Perfect date, beautiful dress and really good friends. #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Good one! We'll have to wait until they figure out what they are doing w/distribution-thanks for the tip!
Sunny skies with highs in the low 50's. Looks like we'll continue to see rain free conditions for the next few days.
Jesus the bullpen is terrible.
Love the NFL playoffs. Only time of year I get to root for the NY Giants. Remember Tucker Frederickson!
Are fans at risk of cognitive dissonance when the team is actually . . . winning?
Mark Twain or Hunter S. Thompson
Rt if you have Gifboom it's like the coolest thing!
lol ughh i give up lolz if it was a big oh dick my ass would of been found it...
I tried #mog for a month. They don't always have the albums I want. I switched to #grooveshark cause it had a sale. I like it.
new work out clothes, shoes, etc. always gets me excited to go work out. I just wish that excitement would last longer :(
so you're in college?
I know guys that get their eyebrows done more often than I do.....
Sweet dreams Chef!! Morning here... Good night!
you're so welcome and since I just saw that you're in the film too, I'd like a signed photo :)
Some fellow named Andy Pettitte is pitching. Is he new to baseball?
RT The graduation tweets bring me back to my own. Painted the rock, sat with friends, left with tears. Class of 95!
Tired of commercials. Commercials are practically everywhere...
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. ~Herm Albright, quoted...
Loving Romeo's no-nonsense 1st impression as HC. If he gets the job, does that all change?
next week Tuesday thru Thursday. Lol
Great quote by : If I tell my friends about your brand, it's not because I like your brand, but rather because I like my friends.
lmfao its the
Woke up with my hair wrapped around my neck. I think it's trying to kill me.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
nope not yet. We might go next weekend. Have u gone yet?
North Texas Over 65
Selling Homes and making contracts for my buyiers... doing my best to improve the Real Estate Market
always good to see your thoughts and hear from you!
NC state GRAD* not head lol.
Ty Hun, ya crazy busy with school. Have good night.
Logic Fails Us, But..But It's Important Dammit!!
..of an outside perception, but fewer explanatory words that distance, and more immediacy which is the feeling of horde.
thats freaking crazy. You found out today?!?
GM tweetel bugs omw to work.
Talking about FOI laws. RT : Charles Davis: The worst disease in jrnlism is the cycle of dependency on the PIO
I have no recollection of Oliver but this twit convo makes me so happy
scraps asked the man 2 wear the muzzle all the time. the man is very confused. because he so doesn't understand scraps.
hahaha it's fantastic !
My phone has a cracked screen, an example of my luck with them. I use Unifi to access my mobile photos.
Finally! but it didnt come quick enough
how can vandy fans cheer for a kid that only stays 3 years? Despicable!
curious what you think. In person Roger is nicest guy - his gf is a sweetheart. Not the face elbowing type.
have you played any of the other mass effects...
im in the team for sure an yup gonna donate 10$ instead of 1 XD
did blogger eat something on you? :( i hate that.
North Carolina, you suck. How embarrassing.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. -Dwight D. Eisenhower.
I thought we locked up home court?
I swear I will be the reason why this child needs therapy.
We should ALL be this kind of person.
Focus on the quality of life. Add life to your years and then years will be added to your life. :)
Thank you . You never know. They may just do it. Thank you for the effort. Let me know if you hear anything. Did 3 radio shows
I love you to<3
NVC is language & communication skills that allow us to remain human, even under trying circumstances:
Where will you be watching the #Superbowl ?
Breaking: MD raises $84M from insurance co. tax credit sale for InvestMaryland, funding early stage tech startups in MD. (via )
I am now speaking to the third IRS person, have been on the phone for nearly two hours now. Let's hope this one isn't the 3rd to hang up
"Tweet Dreams",how many idiots are saying that shit besides Paris Hilton. You can't just say "Goodnight"?!!
me too, did you see their TED lecture? I am going to Chicago with a long list of restaurants, Moto is one of them
Careful! What goes around comes around.
I hate the bus..
Harrington: radical funding changes parallels new view of #edtech role, before a one-time project, now woven into school
glad you're here
RT : rumor: google+ to acquire friendster & hipstamatic. they'll call it hipster. it'll be slow + cool. only 30 ppl will use it.
But I'm glad you enjoyed The Avengers! It was a long wait for fans.
i dont wanna go to school:/ at least i dont got to walk:)
Boom. ties it 1-1. Amazing year for the American abroad
Gabriel Project offers loving care
Great seeing you too! Def bring some of that energy to the next one :)
thanks for the follow hope to take in a bout soon!
Anyone else going to Women in Architecture dinner? Find me :)
No he's here with me :)
the same as axl did...except axl had integrity n didn't go...slash kissed up, then bags the hof afterward
Giving up on packing. Blogging. Talking on phone. Having a frosty.
Cleo, my bird, after 7 years has picked up speech. It's an all night party of "hello!".
its soo sick :) you gotta blaze outta it! I helped him pick it out haha
also we would love to hear/chat with them on how they plan on using the data
Actually, I think the standard workday is typically something like 8am-10pm, so we're about halfway through the day.
Does that mean he isn't going to pay them?? *Blank stare*
oh hey, also, we got the Amazon package and it is awesome and thank you so much!
I still can't believe Betty is fat
I just supported on You should too! Thank you Keez, you're such a good friend! =)
Badly worded 140 - I just meant to offer you condolences...it doesn't seem right that basement kitties + yard dogs are legal.
lmao u childish
Why are so many places called 'ultra lounge'? Why can't it just be a lounge? What is ultra about it?
We love cigar guy!!! Http://www.foxnews.com/scitech/2010/10/11/web-sensation-cigar-guy-unmasked/
No way Griffin works out in DC, amirite?
Apr 15,1942: #Churchill invited King George VI to 10 Downing St. to meet Marshall and Hopkins.
Wikipedia has Ugeth Urbina in prison but I'm quite sure he is now in Scottsdale drinking at Yardhouse!!!
Looking for AfriGeneas members
Intoxicating scent from the freesia from the garden, I think they are my biggest gardening success!
Why does a seagull fly over the sea? Because if it flew over the bay it would be called a bagel! If only you heard that in my silver voice.
please email our Social Media Editor at
there is no finish line for achievement. We fail when we are blinded by our success.
Ok!! Thx also!
My man mitch!
I miss basketball already.
Go Big Blue! Like this status if you're cheering on the Giants today!
when u cummn back over here??
private party Dec 3 just booked. You WISH you could go, believe us. Guess you'll have 2 have us 4 one of yer own!
I take pride in proving everyone wrong. All the negativity only makes me hungrier.
too nice to be inside working
I LOVE YOU.
Mall in Tuscaloosa! Wish would stop short talking me!!
Tomorrow Friday September 23rd, Salomé Cardinal will once again delight us. Fado Fado. Welcome back Slavic!
Drink first; ask questions later.
i expected it to be sheer, i thought i'd love gumdrop but my lips are already pigmented, it doesn't even show true color
What's your favorite free online event tool that allows for RSVP and optional suggested donation on one page?
iight bet yu gon be home or in the p i might beable to scoop yu
Congratulations to Aaron Rodgers for winning #MVP!
My son Norris!!!!
Question 5: Favorite Position? [[Dont act innocent or stupid, yall know what the hell I'm talking about lol]]
gnarly new avengers film. Bad ass. You on the Mb lot?
Another monday tomorrow..: ( they make me cry.
August 10: National Banana Split Day - Do you make your own, or do you have a favorite? #lovebananas - We shall work on 1, will share pics!
Young American poets - UCLA students - are reading their poems to a full crowd in Powell Library's East Rotunda!
not my chair not my problem that's what i say
Fountains, why advertise 24 hour access to computers and printers when they never work?
thanks for song war at home &Smile. God bless our troops.
I went to the same elementary as my sister for all of elementary. That's how you know my mom wasn't really there lolol
I'm gonna lose my temper & some sleep It's safe 2 say that I'm gonna get my payback if he's anything like me-Brad Paisley, Anything Like Me
I miss cinco de Mayo con mi familia Mexcanos!!!!!! : (
Pool day(:
I swear I need a female like that...
going for a jog in the park :)
all I want to do is watch The Killing and all my computer wants to do is drag me down with all its DivX updates.
incl b/c favorited yr tweet about 3scale Enterprise API management, which is a stretch. Wordnik & Tony's ship are impressive
Madea with the roomies! and :) #yes!!!
though honestly, no one is going to come after you if you use something more informal, like just Rutgers University, SCJ '14
lol praise baby jesus
:D It's why I work in the , for sure!
Let's make some money!
whats good with u?
haha oh I like that! Touché. But to get on that beach model status, there's no break
i know :))))) omg just finished the bio stuff lord bless me
These Starships Were Meant To Fly
This shows u how much of a factor Bynum really is.. He's got 20 Pts and 14 rebounds.. And there down by 30 hahahaha
The fact that you don't want me, makes me want you more..
' Gotta lot of making up to do . . .
Having a blast!
Would love to watch Sons of Anarchy on Netflix IF MY INTERNET WOULD WORK!
and today's Big Game kicks off #ManU vs
locbit team is ready for the #digitalsignage 2012 expo in #vegas tomorrow, excited to see what the future of OOH #advertising has to offer.
Saturday practices should be illegal :P all I want is ONE day to sleep in!!!!! Tennis can wait
happened to me a few years ago for the pub links qualifier. Totally get it. Sorry it totally sucks. I'll keep u posted Thursday
All those pun runs drained my phone. Time to recharge. Night y'all.
Try ginger tea, sipped slowly after licking a spoonful of honey. As soup & chicken simmer, safely lean to inhale steam.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is about being a leader for world prosperity not the full demise of our country
"Five minutes? Well worth it." —Martin Hanzal
What's the soundtrack of your life? Blues? Speakeasy? Jazz? 80's rock/pop? #RetroOnThePatio has fond memories, good vibes for everyone.
ALWAYS REMEMBER NEVER FORGET: YOU CAN HAZ
Some Music is good and some is just plain awful!!
We have arrived conference. Rejoice.
it's because I'm right. I love you too baby girl :)
oh... Mask is my personal fave. *G* thank you!
Has He Even Ever Been There?: Bill O'Reilly's scorn for Appalachial echoes in the mountains (VIDEO):...
It's Christmas.(: Present time..<3
Braves fan!?! What's up with the #brewcrew?
... Sav says to follow him and you can see his tweets.
I love getting in Hot Dish. Makes me feel like one of the cool kids cc:
Terrible, am I, child? Even if you don't mind
The Neon Museum is now a TWEETER!!!!!!!
#MUST VISIT MY SITES WONDERFUL HEALTHY DISHES
come swim in all the pools lol
You said it! RT : Never Fly Solo :)
The only person that understood me and I could talk to is gone. For good? Idk, but for the time being, ima just. Keep to myself
Been home since 10:30am. Get home from shoe shopping for graduation to pass time and Nick's still not up. Its 5. Ugh.
maybe not, but we could buy Ranger from the sales of it:)
#IfYouBelieveHavoc you think MTO and Bossip are credible sources of accurate information
hey cesta. i sent u an email to cestamusic.com i want 2 beats exclusive rights. get back to me with the price. thanks
This fool gotta be gay
thanks! Love you!
Aspiring barista? Look who's hiring: Buzz, Baked & Wired, Yola, Sova, Northside Social, Swings
your the man! I miss the HBO series though :( those bastards!!!
Totally agreed re: #HeLa. And total author crush on ;)
yes I do
We will holdin auditions soon for twerkers that is able to travel an do shows wit us. U must b 18 or older.... Dm if interested
Saw that Gov. Ritter is quitting due to family concerns. Cynical, old me wonders if there weren't other, ah, concerns.
Getting ready for salsa at Madrigall tonight! 1627 Oak, KCMO
out of work, thank God!
So looking like 50+ in London, 40+ in Melbourne, 20+ in Finland - #dsgh #bigdataweek Data Scienc Hackathon any more counts in ?
Golf Tip: Keep the club low on takeaway and low through impact.
Students who adopted Jain site produce documentary - Times of India
Mike thinks he's funny. Seriously tho, I was getting bronzed up from the flo up.
we unfollow people who don't follow us.
Haven't laughed this hard in awhile my man is the best always putting a smile on my face! 2 days till I get to attack him! Meow!
time for a new phone don't you think...lol
Trent Johnson is doing his best John Chaney impression, "sending in the goons" on Anthony Davis
Started today by dropping my iPhone into my cup of coffee. Should have just stopped, gotten into bed, and started over.
Show who you are!help define #washington #DC identity by recording a #video of one thing you do everyday bit.ly/u6RHyv
Milgauss gets my vote. Green sapphire and seconds hand are unmatched.
It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like I'm Sleeping Down Here Tonight
I didn't get around to it.:(
pretty default pic mama
im sorry i got off): but i did end up texting you<3
Miles Davis Class at 2!! Then 2 rehearsals tonight.....I think its nap time till class....
aww,Sorry for the delay but you tell him a "Happy Birthday" from me! Love you,Noah.
haha yes we should do this tomorrow. (and I think we will win because we are the only people from utica who will enter)
My fav haunt to go to. Have fun! : Me & my team will be there tomorrow we can't wait be there ..
You just keep proving me right.
sweet! we'll check it out
i just got a message on facebook saying they can see me. i don't know who they are and i'm in my room. ah nervous
thanks for kind RT- ha e a Fired Up day!
Why are men like cars? Because they always pull out before they check to see if anyone else is cumming.
Sat Wit Ya Chest Ella!! Lmao
haha, that's #ironic : ))
Have an easy and meaningful fast, everybody. G'mar chatima tova!
when are you gonna make a new video?
whats up sis did u come up with anything to thatvtrack?
Thank you for sharing these great #SDSMS tidbits. I'm eating them up! :)
"That awkward moment when your parents try to be funny in front of your friends"
who will be making an appearance in my book. :) I just need to have time to actually draw and then scan.
looking forward to it!! Here's to a great day!!
just back away, back away
RT : Looks like gas and diesel prices are going to head upward in the next few months. Wright Express notes that......
#WorstRapLineEver " How you gon be a stunt double to the nigga monkey...' -____-
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
#royalwedding...nobody gives a f!
Been so tired the last few days but I will force up enough energy to rock this workout. Then nap time!
Hahaha I think not. The shop at Mandalay Bay had some cool art work, don't know how good they are. I want something animal/Polynesian
: Basically, looking for today's equiv of my granddad's track: <<utilities. strong unions, good pay, can't be outsourced
Dude, where's your car?
is industry night only for local industry peeps or even traveling bartenders? also is LAX open on mondays?
that's a bad ass lawwwd lol
please follow me!<33333
The juniors faces.. #priceless!
i'm down for the beach... squares in the sand!
Working, but it's okay bc I love my job! RT Its a beautiful President's Day in #CLE! How r u spending the day?
Yay! Jules and Grayson are engaged!! :)
- agree with Kurt also
Fighting a cold,,,, the cold appears to be winning at the moment! I hate being sick.
3 Weeks Left !!!
My Pleasure !
The Mona Lisa Code is a specific field of public interest presented as one of the great discoveries and cultural treasures of human history.
Sounds like you talk to your kids a lot. RE John Wayne's auction and I quote " Now what are these ones? LOL
Books-A-Million started in my hometown of Florence, AL as a street corner newsstand in 1917
but today is Monday :(
Yeah doctor said something was RUBBISH. #dead haha love it
Is social media the end point of the world? Nothing beyond that? What next?
well she Is a lucky girl
I haven't done a damn thing today and I can't decide if I love it or not haha
lol sorry I was saving those new pictures of Cenzo.
Get down to the asap! Arches are about to start and I have reason to believe they're going to be awesome!
So Wendy's has mac & cheese now, and it's pretty good! Not 3 homers in Petco good, but good nonetheless!
Signs you've made poor life choices: just watched a guy get fired from a picket line for selling weed.
That's good (:
I c boo an that whacka video. An this my song! Do yo thang girl
What's the best advice your Mother ever gave you???? Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!
As I journey into the vast valley of Twitterville....
This Biggie story crazy...nobody will never know who killed B.I.G
Yup. :) LA = nice! It was funny seeing your name pop up under "Who to follow" on here. Great to reconnect. Keep in touch!
Lmfao i wish i was there RT : i cannot believe that my dad said that to me.
What's wrong, babe? :(
A world where cops were more like the ones from super bad. THAT'S the kinda world I wanna live in.
its one of those slow music nights <3
David fricking DeJesus. Where was he when I had my all-inspirational fantasy team. Jesus Sanchez and Angel Miranda were terrible for me.
sounds like the recipe of an exciting day off! Dont spend all that refund money at one place!!
Big announcement on Monday at 9am! If you love music, you're gonna love this!
Thank you to everyone for supporting ODD BRODSKY (the movie!! A big, warm, welcome to all of our new facebook connections!!
not seeing anything yet...
Home accessories brand with fresh approach launches in UK - Prfire (press release)
The book, Convict Conditioning is an EXCELLENT resource for anyone looking for a practical, purposeful S&C info!
Thx! RT Congrats to for # 1 thai restaurant in Indy. You all rock my socks off!
RT On twitter, I can't always say what I want to say.
i mean how are u gonna send it tho? i'll be there in a week
lol you swear!
Remind me next time I take my computer apart. :)
Must've thought extra $250 would look good to a PT #NTTFaculty member. Were they hoping for that? More exploitation? Great post.
I follow
Donald D. brought his A-game tonight, he's got my vote fo sho!!!
perhaps cuz they must update their <cfcollection>? ;)
PickUpLine: Do you have a beard on your pussy? (No.) Want one?
I LOVE her. I NEVER hurt her. I MISS her. I LOVE texting her. Every SECOND I take it SERIOUSLY but her she don't FEEL anything. <U+E401><U+E413><U+E023><U+E023>
Thank you!
Going on now! RT : Mix Chocolat Pot de Tea & Chocolat "O" & you have a marriage made in heaven!
Getting tattooed tonight #backpiece stepping the tattoo game up bruh ...
dude hurry up!! Starbucks at olney
I am a reporter w/ Governing magazine which covers news about local governments.Can you plz call me @ 202-862-1432. Thanks
Glad we havnt been arguing :D
Dynamic Duo at the door; Fantastic Five slicing and dicing behind the bar.
Good Morning, Tweethearts! :D
I kinda want to sleep on my porch tonite...the low is supposed to be like 55
#OH is a fantastic aviation state! #aviation,
Happy happy joy joy. Words can't describe how I feel today. Big, big smile.
Thanks Kerry! We'd love to show her the school when she's back in town.
Didion is one of the rare women frequently referred to by her last name.
Studying for my CDL
: If you enter a relationship based on deception, you will maintain a #relationship based on deception.
RI Ave resistance movement strongly opposes proposed Heartbreak Hotel redevelopment. Prefers to avoid selling out just to build something
Dear 'K', You should get arrested for killing conversations.
#ireallywant you to be honest with me
One hour away from our shirt giveaway trivia question. I'm still watching #Tombstone Western movie trivia for the win
I can't believe it! is 16 all ready<3 I hope you have the best sweet sixteen ever cutie!
Oh!My!Gosh! , are u gonna kiss my neck when i put #Someday On?
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
hello, how're you?
thanks chief I'm tryin
my cousin stupid ass always telling me call her but never answer .
thanks for coming to
Welcome to your new life. I miss being able to sleep in...
I hope people are starting to see the power of TEAM. It's not about putting all-stars together & hoping for the best.
three DAY WEEKEND
co u cant tell from the pic but u look younger then that
I mean...McCann stayed in the game at least...so gotta be Affeldt
In Hillsborough Co., deputies say husband shot terminally ill wife and then called deputies, waited for them to arrive.
got a free copy of CS3 for my laptop...now I am only 2 versions behind....
I have a live journal so I know all about HTML code
I love deep, rational thought provoking philosophical declarations on Facebook. Which is exactly why I do not believe in love.
yeah 7 mile run... If I walked that wouldve taken awhile... I have a 10K in less than a month!
Oh darn! We can only offer our other 5 mainstage plays this year. Starting April 20 thru Nov, but not for First Date.
So far all mine are still alive and well, how about you?
Also for anyone who may come to Tonight's show, we still have a few presale. Contact us through our facebook if that interests you.
praying for the young man and his family, Im a 3 year cancer survivor, God is able
Hey guys I think Blanka can go to the boys concert with me!:D<3-Kelly
"Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own" - matthew 6:34
What on earth happened?
Just Sonic BOOMED some tweets there:) Believe in U. Fine tune thru Life, keep razor sharp focus & be intentional abt where you're headed!
& they join the list of other SEC schools leveraging XpressConnect by , to automate 802.1X client provisioning.
NEW IN #MEDINA , Drawing by Design #Art ! Pro quality materials provided. Website for dates/reg details!
I nominate myself to be in the future Satellite music video.
Love that feeling!!
Welcome my new follower PEACE
Watching the World Series hoping the St. Cardinals get out of the jam they are in and score some runs in the 9th inning...
We are just hours away from our 2011-2012 season finale!
The #FREE sample kit includes our FULL line of products! Ultrasound, Massage & Pain Relieving Gels. Booth 727 @
It's all about your FOCUS!!!!!
: TED posted an “emergency” talk called “Defend Our Freedom To Share (Or Why SOPA is a Bad Idea)” by t.co/Sjx7D5cD
yes! i actually think i will stop by today. always so fun to see your genius christmas displays.
Phase One Inc would like to thank those who have orderedt the free mousepads! There is still 30 more we can send out. Just message us.
E-commerce is more than cards and carts...E-commerce is how your company extends business processes to customers via the web.
hello there c;
You brought back my smile when I forgot about it.
Don't Forget!! Today at 2pm Midnight Movie The Killer Cut DVD signing at Dark Delicacies !!!! Come meet the Director and Cast!
heather needs to chill out
I'm excited for ur #makeover show Fri! I was honored to be the Mu Artist for the last makeover segment. Keep up the good wrk!
#disruptbj Berkeley/Stanford alumni meetup in Beijing was awesome last night!
If you can't expect them to show up, where do you start?
Good morning! We're heading to Cal Tech to sing for the Love Sucks concert! Please come if u like a cappella! It's at 3:00pm
You and i and your crazy brother should get together sometime, drink and talk about bad porn movies. wait what's bad porn lol jk
Skills on how to be annoying on Twitter, maybe! Hahaha.
It's a bit disorienting to recognize the first words of a book you've never read. ;)
look in my mentions you'll see what Mikey tweeted me!!(:
Moved all the day yesterday. Still exhausted.
I'll be there soon. Shots on shots on shots.
The Puffins would like to apologize to the patrons of the Lakeview Post Office for the hour that we hogged the one working pen.
Haha! I for real want one though. I love sappy music :] Haha! Give it to Shelby for me.
Jesus loves you! It s everybody else that thinks you re a c*
Can't sleep so I'm listening to the Tron: Legacy soundtrack, but all it's doing is making me want to fight with discs and ride lightcycles.
The best way to make a bad day diappear is watch magic and comedy at The Strand on Saturday at 8 pm.
..and lots of body procedures-breast augmentation of course, skinny people often loss breast tissue , probably lipo, zeltiiq
"Throw" is a very strong verb haha
Sorry if I spam your timeline with my tumblr stuff; I really have to change that setting
For any book in our online library which is not in the public domain, we ensure to obtain permission from the publisher.
that's what I planned.
RT Amare Stoudemire is being tended to by medics after punching a fire extinguisher glass & lacerating his hand.
grown man shyt
Thinking for every 1 item I decide to pack and move, I should get rid of 1. Eeny Meeny Miny Moe?
Tornado Sirens gave gone off and we are moving to cover. . . Glad we have a bomb shelter
you can also edit them by hand
Guess our relationship like a porn star pussy! , All ova the place!
#sadface no win for me
#badgers win!!!!
Marlins park sounds like a great new park.I'm partial to the older parks with history and character like Fenway and Wrigley
This guy on the bus was loudly taking to himself about some star wars mission or something.
My wife jus look so good today .....she finna get tha biness
OMG! I can't believe I did it! I just walked on fire!! No burns! Truly a Breakthrough in Puerto Rico!
One of these days, a 16 seed is going to beat a 1 seed. ... And it will be the most monumental upset in college hoops history.
Two people can't talk at the same time. One person "MUST" listen and make the needed adjustments for the relationship to WORK.
toes-toes done up wit her fanga nails matchin
"It's not what you know, it's what you do."
Before you try to change others, remember how hard it is to change yourself.
Hi Ms.Parker lol
I fear you could be right, but I'm too much of a fighter to think that long. I already have plans on different ways we can win.
u have to take Kristen to a place called Zenos while in Minneapolis. It's the cutest date/dessert place ever!!!
RT I hate when you are trying so hard not to cry and someone says are you okay and you lose it <<<<<
RT : RT : I have my family and I have God.
Just finished our morning research. Alex & I were able to eat in. Coffee no DD.
I hate commercials !!!!
It was a double and an error on the LF
just text him!! Aww man u should of took a picture of us!!
The decision to exercise is made the night before you go to bed.
I'm gonna have to get you a flight
Just heard Superluv & uh LOVED it! Fer sure getting this shit on my ipod!
Lewis Mighty is trending in UK :)
you got good lol :) Love You Justin please follow me <3
Happy birthday , wipe Orlando off the floor! Good luck
haha. i'm sure erinand would be very surprised to hear that she won an award!
Thanks for last night, boo. You rocked it as usual!
HOW TRUE, HOW TRUE.
What did God say after creating man? I can do so much better.
The kids in my first period class is the worst to watch movies with!! They wont stop talking and then they give away all the surprises -__-
Wtf, Avatar was on and I missed it :(
I HATE MR. JONES!!
Club lacrosse starts in a week.
Approaching the first state line crossing with on the way to #reasonrally. Indiana, we are in you.
Sexually rubbing your wall until you find your lightswitch.
you get your contacks yet?
Correction .... real housewives of Atlanta
hey girl giving shitty advice on the phone...shut up.
PB Bar and Grill tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Come and join if you wanna! (except if you're ugly)
Random Thoughts -- What will be the plea bargain with Bernie Madolf?
cloud-based - sometimes experience slowness, but addressed quickly
Happy Tuesday! Are you suffering from shin splints? Check out this article for tips to fix it!
Don Juan in Debt
Passed national but not state. Damn
Foreclosure Roundup: Fisher Island land faces foreclosure-A waterfront site on Miami’s posh Fisher Island has been targeted for foreclosure.
Had a good morning with the boys! Went fishing!
Glad to see the up and running: follow for the latest on what is bound to be a cutting edge conference.
M, think I'll have 3.14 pieces of pie today. ;)
YES! I'm here. Let's connect after the show! :)
My Phone On 60%
Great Revelation Bible study. Austin is a Cubbie and Avery moved up to Sparks in Awana. And the Bears won. Overall a great Sunday!
let the Easter Fashion Show begin. Welcome to church.
It's Official......FRIDAY NIGHTS at "THE DECK" on the rooftop of the Milwaukee Athletic Club
Location's important. But I don't know why anyone would want to do a 10-month program (C's), unless you already have a job.
Thank you! Big hugs!
Good morning :)
lol.yeah,open ears can be informative.Now you know more than many people do.If you really needed to know is anothr question.
Booker T. Jones was CRAZY tonight at Brooklyn Bridge Park. Him and Leslie make a great couple
Sock hop in my living room on friendsmas eve! That's exciting, right?
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Dr Sonya Friedman.
OMW to work :/
Thanks for following
Need to refocus on Baylor team that matches up well with us...Long and Athletic.
Moerlein IPA on patio at Cock & Bull, Glendale OH. Good stuff!
No, the exclamation reminded me of Bacon's character. is an outstanding YA author & English soccer enthusiast.
Where are you from? You have a funny accent! No I sound like everyone on TV like most of the north. You have a funny accent Ma Clampett.
I'm so, so, so sorry.
My coconut water is warm
Don’t confuse my personality with my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on who you are
When your boss sends you an email titled "project tasking", you might want to read it and perhaps consider doing something. #c'mon_man
Don't rain on my parade!
Awesome, DM us your t-shirt size! RT : Best COM moment for sure has been skyping with Andy Cohen to pitch a reality idea.
miss you mean it.
Wish I was chilling with right now
yeah brah it sucks! He just gets worse! >_<
stays In Vegas...
Good call Buster, they just replayed it. Haha
Around and around the mgmt roles go... the music stops & ???? .. seems like the childrens song ... ashes, ashes, we all fall down
Big 3 James
Can I get some GoodMorning Mentions?
Headed to #DisneyWorld Sunday for the week with our dairy, egg, pn, tn allergic daughter. Any suggestions?
My lakers got embarresed last night!!
I'm a big fan of the blackberry too.. I'm also a geek with RIMM... What do you anticipate with RIMM this year?
Love my new footie pajamas!! <3
its Peyton follow back :)
Stoked about teaching this weekend at See you tonight at 5:00pm or tomorrow at 9:00, 10:30, or noon!
I passed out earlier
I'm not one to do the whole FF thing, coincedentally it is now Friday but if you aren't following
#WDYTYA I just ran my DNA test and discovered that Blaire Underwood is my boyfriend!
you guys should come to miami -.-
RT I suspect this "imagination diet" is a bunch of boloney.
Yep on OWN beginning this fall.
It’s National Teacher Day! Tell us about your most inspiring teacher w/
Looking forward to tomorrow! Free Chobani samples - yum!
HELLO AND HOW ARE YOU TODAY? THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME. I MUST ALSO SAY YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY. HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS
Congrats to Nashville's for a great 4th year! Hope to see familiar faces at Nevermore in November!
sounds like a good title to me! Better than
We're heading to #aasl11. Will you be there? Come see us at Booth 1009.
aint nothin like new york pizza
I think it's because they are selfish. They can't fathom why anyone would support a cause for selfless reasons.
So tired right now
Poppicock. At least Tim Burton's failures are marginally entertaining. Bad M is pretentious and unwatchable.
probably reflecting..and a baby? My Daddy referred to it as a "Wolfinanny". Something the oldtimers called them..where u from?
Guess who's got two thumbs and gets to work the return desk tonight? *points to self* I am also talking at the #library board meeting :-/
The good news is Spokane beat Tri-City for us tonight. Sorry you're stranded.
Closed the deal with National University of Health Sciences thanks to John! Isotonix will now be in their clinc =)
Watch out for those bone vampires!
So full. Oh my lord.
wish i wasnt at work & missin that storm !! <U+2614><U+2601><U+26A1>
me and are giving line dancing lessons if you want some tips!!! ;)
This week Dr. Malcolm Hill, he has some controversial views on our healthcare system, and a unique view on how change it. Thurs 8-9pm PST
Learned last night that James Cameron's diving bell gets stronger as it descends because the glass compresses
You do what we say and we will do what we want to do.
Sometimes I, I feel good
he's gonna be on Interscope though :/
m boutta get my bathing suit on and lay out for like 5 hours(: #summertimeweather #tan. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2600>
LBJ. GOOD NIGHT.
I'm VERY excited for...and proud of you! Can't wait to hear more about it over a drink (on me)! needs in on this, too!
Sweet and Sour pork with pineapple.
Someone come to the gym with me tomorrow!
New IBM Business Integration Software Helps Enterprises Accelerate Adoption of Social Business, Cloud and Mobile ...
the world is not ready for them...
#liber2011 Becoming clear that LIBER week has become **the** annul week for senior library administrators across Europe.
Throwing darts with my brother. I feel like Katniss... Minus the skill :P
I agree with these NCAA courts have lost original individuality. The small host logo in the corners doesn't cut it.
"English motherfucker, do you speak it?" Happy birthday to
On lunch half of my day is done
You may want to take a look at Wirecard - they are awesome to work with.
When you text me I know that your thinking about me.
Regret got shit on what you feeling now.
Bill Clinton was president. He went to Georgetown.
Learned a new word: callipygian. Look it up. You'll be glad you did.
Thank you so much for the RT :) Hope your day is going great!
The rats are the working people in steerage.
that's one of the stupidest, and shittiest things I've ever seen you tweet... Bad energy, watch out
Sometimes, it's just too hard..
If she stay open more than McDonald's on the weekends
#np "Goodbye Love" This song gives me chills to this day. Definitely follow her! She is fantastic.
Don't forget to add ChickfilA app to your iPhone --- information on restaurant locations & when peach milkshake will debut
Thanks for coming on in Madison Will, it's so hard not to jump right into the hypotheticals with this Seau tragedy, but thanks!
Ideal workout mix: #JoanJett (FakeFriends), #Scandal (Warrior), #LitaFord (Kiss Me Deadly)! Try it, ladies!
Correct. I prefer it that way though. No one else gets in our business.
Clear to me too. Jordan Taylor performance in the second half won the game.
Last Monday at the park for a while. Back to work in 7 days. Sigh. Its a good thing I love my job This is going to be hard.
RT I support open marriage.
I'm at xoco with Andrew and is in the house. Wish you were here
“The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.”
Looks like a close one ... Come on 4th and 1/2 /:
#lasttimeichecked #NATO is coming this weekend to chicago damn this sucks
Just wrapping conference call with Watering Seeds Founder regarding NBA All-Star weekend event. Details coming soon..
he didnt RT it. im following you. and im just putting this out there i have nothing against.
well you gotta earn them brownies hun! :P
#HappyMothersDay to all the mamas! :)
Shoot you know I will baby (;
good except for having to go downtown to meet with clients and I'm feeling lazy
like i said to Nassy over there, i deactivated hotmail.. #outmypawsnow but love you both big much..
just when i think i'm getting better, i relapse again. |:
Address: #5 Kernaham Trace, Chin Chin Road, Cunupia, Trinidad and Tobago
im so jealous!
ha! Half off but triple the time of a normal dinner!
Today's gonna be a good day since I get to see all my bet friends today ;)
place in the Art Institute building?
ha almost there!
I'm grown bruh!
Any #Pac12 team is OK with me--as long as their opponent is
Reading "Wench" by Dolen Perkins-Valdez - pretty good so far!!
Dogs > cats and it's not even fucking close.
omgg dude the concert was exactly a year ago </3
New Jersey mom arrested for taking 5-year old daughter into a tanning booth. Little girl suffered from burns. SO SAD!
because it barley makes local news let alone national news. When a kid dies in North #philly is it any less tragic?
We should make this a fun pub crawl... every time the power goes out during the game we move to the next bar?! what do you guys think?
Listening to I Love these guys! There voices and Music is Beautiful :-)
Who is tuning in to the webinar? #4AsWebinar is presenting: "They're Just Not That Into You: Working Across the Generations"
Thanks for the love!
Did you go to Santana?
Everyone tells you that you deserve better but no one's willing to give it to you.
seems to be tweeting a lot about Justin Bieber lately.. XD
My phone doesn't recognize the word "homegirl." When I text, "Wassup, homework?" Just know what I mean from now on, okay?
This week's has a feature on the Hennis case from Fayetteville. Really wanted to see quoted! What an NC mystery.
Give up 5 runs in 5 innings and get a standing ovation
on the reputation front these alleged sexual assaults won't do him any favors, gay or otherwise
Life's full of surprises. :]<3
I'm gonna say such narrative unraveling = unique opportunity to point to alienation inherent in late capitalist corporate structure
Uh May 5th dude.
Had a ton of fun at 's ZUMBA class this morning! An hour of dance exercise/learning moves for the club? YES. :]] Shower + Homework
We are starting our SAT prep courses soon!! Reserve your seat today!!!! DM me now for a special discount!!!
how did the Nissan start when we ran out if gas?
<U+044F><U+0454><U+0442><U+03C9><U+0454><U+0454><U+0442> if you made your Twitter in 2010 or 2011 (Follo<U+03C9> me and get 50 new followers)
aw thanks<3 you too (: or does he already follow you?
Just saw the drop stop commercial. #foreal I'm about to order 3. #bbn # weareuk
I do. And I know people say it all the time...but I went on a DeCastro rant after that game...in a good way. He's good.
can you explain why you want $78 per segment for an aisle seat from a Chairman who already paid nearly $900 for a DCA-DFW ticket?
Thats cool beans with me! :) RT : about to have sum fun!! :)
Guys that smell amazing <3
Responded to FIRE @ 84-17 Penelope Avenue, Queens, NY 11379 and helped 5 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Difference lies is specific issue stance vs intransigence as a matter of course. Unwillingness to compromise on anything = fail
Oh, that is beautiful. Shibari is so intriguing.
I kind of wish was still an underground, hip credit union that only me & a select few were part of. Will the cust. serv. suffer?
Even a bad dog can get a good bone.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. - Will Rogers
Easter Weekend....I think we all need a break
Heading downtown at some point to try and see something on the Batman set!
each flight lasts about 9.5 hours
it's my party and you'll cry if i want you to.
k! Thanks!
answered his question with a question lol ..
Never forgetting from where I am came, and no matter where I'm headed I promise to stay the same.
What? Not Boone in his near-MVP year??
i didn't see VEEP this week but will catch up when i get home this weekend. Espana is fabuloso!
I Can Find A Better Man Who Can Treat Me Better Than Yu Eva Pretended To..
Just got off work from a long ass day now I'm on the road to Alabama. Hungry then a MF I need a home cooked meal
Hungry? Eat at the Noodles & Company at the Pyramids today and mention 25% of the proceeds will go to them! Yay Bangkok curry!
Thanks for tweeting my "Still Alive" video!
Decanter Deals tonight at Proprietor's Reserve - San Diego's most intimate wine bar.
I don't know what any of this means all I know is I need it to graduate
What's the date?Be happy to if I'm in town.
I'm so doing this... www.willpowerfit.com Totally just fell in love w/
It would be interesting to compare how methods & "ethics" differ b/w the two groups, obvious exceptions aside (e.g., IRBs, etc).
Important to standardize procedures & training when sharing resources
yes I am!
you aren't at all. I was trying to be nice. :) (nuance hard over twitter)
I smell like straight kush
followed please follow back :D
gee, maybe instead of cherry blossom stickers, they should have sprung for emergency call instruction stickers.
Life is straight how about yours? I'm not the same chubby dude who used to crush you lol.
What exciting news! Best of luck as you prepare for your new adventures.
Been reading through Exodus and Deuteronomy, and, although not listed, I'm convinced the Doritos tacos are an abomination.
Well, I have to disagree on that last part. 30 Rock for life.
I appear to the be the only person that doesn't have a problem with Bo's transfer restrictions for Uthoff.
Always here to help. Maybe another guest post soon?
Driving ten miles for coffee or get Starbucks.
you're the best!
yea....I could use some helping trending a Happy 20th Birthday to Taylor Lautner because his is tomorrow!
Health is the vital principle of bliss, and exercise, of health
5 Sonic burgers for $5.95 on Tuesday night from 5pm til. Only at #Baltimore loco 8212 Liberty Rd. Hot, fresh, made to order just for you!
Ah. Yeah, that sounds like a fun state to be in right about now…
makes look like a saint!!!! Lol
Was I the only speaker not to mention stuxnet?
School :/ 13 more full days, 8 testing days left :)
or "oh...like as a full time job?"
Hey - thanks for the note. Unfortunately, no shows. I'm not to that point yet. Looking for a supporting band.
If you can't afford high end art befriend a artist and share in the creation ;)
wait till you get to Boston and Providence and see all our snow !
Yes there r yearbooks... you want a 2011-12? Just bring me a check.
I was so sad you weren't there on Friday when I found those gems. Happy Monday?
There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes. -William J. Bennett
I feel the same way sometimes! ": How is it that I belong to a million listservs yet still miss all the cool webinars?"
Thanks for including us, Jen :)! Have a great week!
Happy Hitler's-Birthday Day!:D
sweet them at the mlb network to re air the darn show
Pathetic loss, just absolutely terrible
I just wanna dye my hair already. -_-
we will soon
Cam's cover of long distance call is so great
It is raining.
7 crazy intense minutes until #UNBROKEN is in stores !
oh that would be a good way to see it. Lucky you.
lmfao idkkk but I still have a lot of shopping to do
is looking for a flash developer - NYC
okay my eyes refuse to stay open
Off to skool...
Pres. de Klerk to #youth of the world: "Get involved, get mobilized."
haha finally got my confirmation yesterday
I ran 50 feet for the bus..felt good..going for the 250 in a few thanks to buscatcher app...damn those doors close fast...upper bod next
love the way you approach the game in thinking positive after a loss and how u can improve the next day.
This is different than the first then?
Thank you for bringing in bagels. My waist line doesn't thank you but I would be falling asleep w/o those carbs.
Jean-Claude Bradley/Drexel talking about issues in chemistry information and advocating for open notebook science
I'm sick of being my pastey white self I need to go tanning soon to get just a wittle color on my skin oofta I'm like transparent
I just received a great temp-to-hire position for a Facility Tech in Houston!
Hi..u helped me make a link to get people to donate to my Walk 4 Autism..i was wondering, do you know how to make a...
The Sabres took a huge dump tonight
Mama ain't raise no fool..
Well, Floralia falls before May 1, but it was "a general festival of drinking and other merriment". :D
I was there yesterday, and I'm impress! Your buddy Humberto from Elements
Ooh, yay! Going to read it right now!
I stabbed my husband on accident... 7 times.
Catch us Saturday night at Gilligan's in Murfreesboro. Benefit for Prostate Cancer Awareness. No shave November baby!
Happy Halloween to everyone! Tonight Dive in Sayerville, NJ! Go Phillies!! (via )
I'm only myself when I'm skating & listening to music.
SIGH... Can one of us when the lotto already :/
haha I know ! I'm trying. I usually see what everyone else is up too. Like all my fav actors !
RT : Just got off skype w/ - Get ready for fab #GetRealChat in 15 minutes peeps with #Triberr as special guest!
follow our webseries! Writer/Director, Nicole Agostino, is working on her FOURTH MNS film right now!
6 am workouts now 4 class and other stuff today
we miss you and socal! we have like 3 albums worth of songs so we're working on narrowing them down :)
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets this week (Part 1):
Ive been there, I know what you mean
Only time anyone will see me be a sweet person is if I hear when you wish upon a star. :')
awe man. I gotta brother in D.C. i know thats pretty close to NJ. I'll be out that way this summer to visit him.
I hate when TV characters have iPhones, because I always think it's my phone.
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday, Anupam Ji! May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! GOD BLESS! :)
These sheets are clean.
I noticed a disturbing pattern - most key movie quotes (the ones that everyone remembers & re-quotes) are spoken by men.
you're acute blonde too ;)
Blake Shelton underwhelms at #stagecoach especially after Luke Bryan brought it.
Slim pickings around here. Drinking a flat ginger ale and the bottom pour of crown.
nonono WE are jesus and one direction are our sexgods looool
MT : Who won the Xtreme Bulls event Thurs for the 2nd time in his career? 1st correct reply wins 2 tix to tonight's
oh really?? I didnt know its not like i was there or anything
wow, this cough syrup is no joke. my bones itch.
following now
GoodMorning! Ohh wait it's only Thursday? Ugh!
is thinking about auditions. info soon.
I think I wanna become a vegetarian.
let's agree to disagree, kind sir ;) miss you
Stoked to release the new split soon. Anyone else excited?
Mwah! Big kisses!
-_____- That Thunder Woke Me Up D; It Scared The Shhh Outta Me!.
From hunt PhD, 90% of private clubs will need an online community within 5 years
I admire u. I am NOT a morning person!!
I really liked the Where Have You Been video overall. But the choreography in the second chorus was…… what was all that slow vagina-patting?
i guess that's it. putting it off is precisely my plan. but i don't see dig/collab format as an end in itself.
depends on your settings-standard 5x5, it's Kemp. Argument can be made for M.Cabrera, Braun, Pujols too. Is your league Yahoo?
All those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin love song I'll be sick
Oh God!
I Love God
And like that KU blows an 8 point lead. Give the officials a couple of assists.
The fact that imma have third lunch next week pisses me off. Hopefully I don't.
Any of you dudes going to Star Wars Weekend in Orlando?
yeah! Tomorrow baby :)
im a real nigga sex i the small picture! ha
Awesome! RT : 2 weeks from my goal! Gotta keep focused and work a little harder. So ready to do this!
I don't understand. And I'm disappointed. You spend hundreds on panties and you buy a cheap silk robe?!
In honor of this atrociously sweltering day, list your favorite sweaty scene from a movie.
"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to.
#dsum12 Social -You are there whether you want to be or not.
For the rest of the day, buy 1 sandwich or salad and get the 2nd 50% off, DINE IN ONLY. Say "1942" at the register to get the discount!
I thought you were perfect and in the end I got screwed over
my parents just locked me out of the house..grand
dude.... i'm home alone. let's webcam?
Yay RT : #ZodiacFacts #Capricorn women are known for their great memory, analytical brain, cleanliness and a go getter attitude
Lmao! He wish he was pullin bitches like that! I wouldn't fck him with somebody else's pussy.
CHERRIE'S NEW MAN Cast... , Sean Michael Boozer, John LaVallee, Tudy Munteanu
Ron Paul announcing that hes ending his campaign is like announcing hes gonna stop trying to get other rappers to like him
We have new videos from the AxeOff USA competition @ the Hard Rock Cafe on the Website. www.axeOffUSA.com & go to Artist pages.
Damn homie, in highschool u was the man homie..
Can't wait! RT : Let's rock the room 2nite with a fast-paced & lively panel & guests.
my cat is walking around the house meowing to herself. it drives me nuts when she does that!
At #IFA watching the #Dell booth come alive
I HATE waiting.....hour one waiting TF
Alright #athens, you brought it for last weekend, can you bring the same energy out for tonight at ?
"The Avengers" with Rachelle and Lukas!!!
Apple Store 5th Ave: bouquets and silence outside, heaving with excited customers inside, what a legacy, RIP
great meeting you at QS - had to head home early. Been thinking dinner diagrams and enjoying your writing from the road home.
Louis Armstrong recorded “Tight Like This” on Dec 12, 1928, in his last Chicago sessions for OK Records. Earl “Father” Hines played piano.
We are against trafficking also! We also acknowledge that not all sex workers are trafficked.
Just getting up bored nd still tired lowkey
what up
And it's not like they need Robinson on the field at FB. Singleback 2TE may be most-used formation...
Be like sweatin that real hard
kind of really feeling the first rough mix...
umm... you can dm it or send me a twitpic of it:)
good luck at conference
A trick to speed up Pages and greatly improve handling documents: turn off iCloud.
mama we all go to hell mama were all gonna die!
Does the GOP want to defund the Special Olympics?
Thanks for the RT
Let me get up n put on clothes.
batista and lesnar in miami this weekend interesting. Yea and wwe picked batista up today. Should be interesting at wm28.
Yay! I know I'll look forward to reading it when it is done. :)
Just priceless, so hilarious. They do no wrong over in Bristol with advertising.
Heading in to work for the Board Meeting and then I'm headed up to Greenwood to start & 's wedding shenanigans! Woo!
I have 1212 followers. My birthday is 12/12. Amazing.
got my votes in already the only up side to SoFl everyone is voting for WIlliam
oh I'm sure she was! I'm anxious to see the performance!
ha! I know. This day has been a real roller coaster. I need a nap. : )
A1: Isn't a conference like the ULTIMATE social media event...but just IRL?
Network and Netflix
add "#newplay" to your tweet to get seen!
TELL. ME. NOW.
RT : . All pedagogy should be about access.
sounds like your a gold digger, you ain't fuckin wit no broke niggas, get down girl, go head get down!
I really need to go see Swept Away as soon as possible. I'm obsessed with their exhibition series on materials.
coaxing, flattery, or artful talk
i know u gettin it in. but u "been done made" proud. lol
Gonna be a good day!!
hiding wer uh been
I'm trying to get involved, I thought you might know of any.
Shout out to , , Thanks for following! :)
oh sounds reall hard well good luck #I hate school projects
Fun watching Dancing with the Stars.
Faux agitators will be dressed as exaggerated Leftist clichés. Have cameras ready.
haha golden ;) love you girl!!!
So kind of you! Thanks! :-)
First tweet not counting wsop ME! More to follow. I bet you all can't wait lol
DETROPIA COMING SOON!
Make your story compelling, find ways to relate your stories to people outside of your personal fan base #storytelling #sxswi via
Thank you! How's NM? Going through wine withdrawls!
Man sues BMW because he claims his motorcycle seat gave him an erection for 20 months. I wonder what else was he doing on that seat.
never know how to hit somebody back lol
I dunno what to say. :p
Less than 24 hours until 2012
passion - there is always something else to be learned. Passion tends to be left at the door of schools. Need passion in what we do
You mean the Four Seasons premium snacks? $6 per piece (weight gain included).
the calvalcade of beers on twitter today is making me very jealous...and thirsty
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
Cam has a fever & i've had this damn headache since Thursday! Ugh!! #thestruggle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
“: i bet a lot of people hate me,, but no on ever tells me. SPEAK UP”
Bangs with the boy .. Finally saw his knockout punch lol
Trader Joes and the Coalition of Immokolee Workers sign agreement #TraderJoes #tomato workers
congrats guys. Now the chances of seeing you this summer have increased
i dont want anothe pretty face i dont want just anyone to hold i dont want my love 2go2 waste i just want an ur beautiful face<3
nothing better than hearing it from a girl.
Answer is: my penis
Happy Birthday :) love you girl!
Movement Conservatism's success dependent on racism, religion, disenfranchisement and fraud. Just the group I want representing me.
"this music is fucking bullshit. We need more trance."
How in the world are Hall & Oates and KISS not in the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame?
Hey can I get the hook up? Lol
Just got off phone with my mom, she told me to go see again today. She's always right.
back up name for us or for them?
"Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart." - Myla Kabat-Zinn
Thank you all new followers and those who are still following u all made my day:)
He's so purty!
what game???
Julius Mays averaged 14.1 points per game for Wright State last year after transferring from NC State. Excellent shooter.
UCLA student and President of UCLA's Youth for Ron Paul chapter, Tyler Koteskey, at the podium introducing Paul
not prom.
Sad to leave my first love, the Chicago Sun-Times --but looking forward to interning for the NY Times in D.C. Literally a dream come true:)
Ask again later? Magic 8 Ball, I only have 36 minutes until the final is over!
Shout out to my boy
all look at you such a sweetie pie that!!
What hashtag are people using for General Conference?
Sick as a dog.
The one’s that make you cry, never deserve your tears, and the ones that do deserve them will never make you cry.
graduating with a 3.9 gpa from pasta school doesn't count!
honestly, I could probably drink right now if I had to. #notphased by
ETS cookie for dessert
RT : someone is playing with your poll... Should be 50/50 at best. << What's it at? And see my comment. Rules = rules.
Yea to our friends at Adventure Theatre for all the props from
#Newsflash The word DIET does not always mean you are trying to lose weight. Just because Im not HUGE does not mean I dont need to eat right
Argh. The frustrations of the tantalizing dissertation of interest. ILL might work, but international is touchy right now.
just has the worst customer service experience at your Southfield Michigan store. Please contact me.
Karaoke Tuesdays? First Song: "Believe" by Cher. cc/
I was loving the Petite Sirah (Late Harvest) but left with the Semillon! Loved the #wine and #cheese pairing!
salt bro, I did see you earlier tho with Dylan but both of had shirts off.
COMING SOON To the Farmers Market - Cupcakes!
Thanks to all those who came out to tonight's event. What did you think?
went great the response was good! We will be back every Fri
Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the Shell Station!
can't wait! Sending you a quick email right now.
": We should meet." We already have. :)
just real ese
I do think that those who risk capital should have the ability to see commensurate reward. yet why do we have safety nets for oil/gas?
No problem. It keeps me on my toes.
Do or die, you'll never make me. Because the world will never take my heart. "Welcome To The Black Parade" by My Chemical Romance.
nah, that sounds lame
We bet she was really enjoying it. Who doesn't like a quick massage break?
Don't deify Amy Winehouse like sheep helping the industry to sell her catalog.Plenty of non-sellout unselfish female artist w/talent exist4u
Just bought Skullcandy earphones, and they are amazing. <U+E412>
Dear1 injured in WWII;didn't request any medal;said his reward was tht he still had his life-sadly saw many buddies killed.
RT : Enter the Marcus Restaurants contest for a chance to win Dinner with Friends at Mason Street Grill, Kil
I'd go with c) and maybe also add d) pity those for whom attendance is mandatory
please don't say "besties"...not a good look fam!
It was such a great week! Coffee soon :)
Where is Devon with my burger..
Marathon training update : ran 7 miles on tuesday (5x 1k), & another 7 yesterday. Feeling great so far.
I feel like death.. omg.. i hate being sick.
Ok now something is definitely wrong with that picture.
I'm just ready for the weekend.
thank you for your tweet! It was strange because I wasn't able to search on the internet but the social networks were fine!
Although it seems that soccer has caught on in the US. See many more kids out and about with soccer jerseys. I saw an Essien one yesterday.
Anyone want to go lift?
You made the wrong choice, and that used to hurt us both, but now its only hurting you.
i just read every single tweet to prepare for WGI finals week. im glad im in the front and listen back.
RT": Life isn't that complicated, peoples drama makes it look complicated."
I don't need sht I juss want sht
It's going to be another great night at T.J. 's Mulligan's 64. Come eat dinner and rock out. The show starts at 9:30.
I was sleep last night around this time. I wish I didn't have so much homework
Dear, I will someday marry you just saying:D
The Circadian Exploit: Biological organisms can be reprogrammed in their sleep, and will have no memory log of the reprogramming event.
Sooner of later that which is now life shall be poetry, and every fair and manly trait shall add a richer strain to the song.
arises from the rare bi-annual nap
Fellas.. It don't matter if you Sign a "We just Fucking" Contract with a Chick, she still gone catch feelings & go Crazy!
just got home from dinner
Too bad the men of Thailand lack the initiative to act when they see someone as radiant as you.
One more boys. One more.
I'm painting my toes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
don't worry toots its the allergies :-) you'll be aight but it still sucks I'm sorry.
We TOTALLY want to dance with you! We saved a spot on our dance card just for you!
If you need someone who's wacky about The Beatles to join you on your Mad Men podcast, let me know! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
im in the house
Taking a shit after getting out of the shower is the most unproductive thing you can do in life.
Headshot Tip: Crazy amounts of makeup are unnecessary and counterproductive...the goal is to look natural (these are not fashion shots).
I seriously wish I had my own plane and was my pilot. We would be flying everywhere to see #Spartans/friends.
1/23/1771to B. Moore: I am…sorry to hear of your unfortunate Circumstances&wish that the situation…permit me to subscribe…to your relief
Memorial Day weekend is almost here - pool season begins! Outdoor rooms and patio furniture, here we come!
Yes! Hugs back ;D RT : Sending out hugs
Just get as much as you can out on paper now! You can do it!
To all those ppl at the gym who like to fill their water bottles at the fountain while there is a line behind u, go fuck yourself.
Trying to think of a witty response but all I have is ego, archetype, series of tubes.
no I really cant
My picky-drinker Husband tried Wavehopper at dinner Fri, another Tues. YOU have a New Friend :+D (I'm his surrogate Tweeter)
this is how you train for a half marathon “: My current treadmill motivation: Christian Grey.”
We can't play politics with women's safety.
Time commit's are an issue. Perhaps continue trend of more workshop-style panels at AAS, building towards bigger.
Countdown for #NAMM begins... Less than 20 days to go! Who's ready? I am! #gameface \m/
OccupyPBS uses #civility to gets its point across. soo much so they are ignored -- or not seen i guess (REALLY?)
Thank you, Mr. Kattman. Hope it was good. I had to work ALL DAY.
People who think they have all the answers rarely do. They've likely never struggled and have hard lessons to learn. 1st one? Compassion.
now we talking got u bruh ,,, sending them now
ready to go kikit wit my #BFF #ALAN to wats popin for the
Why don't skeletons play music in church? 'Cause they've got no organs!!
Congratulations!! Glad to see you'll be joining my friend Adrian Wisnicki there. Please tell him I said hello!
Gary Busey or Charlie Sheen RT If CBS were to bring back "Kids Say The Darndest Things" who do you think should be the host?
Got into Georgetown Masters program :)
Idaho Senate debating freedom of conscience bill.
I WANT SUMMER. Who's with me?????
Um, yeah, that doesn't seem like it makes sense unless the tall woman was super butch...still...really?
Is there a such thing as too much love for a person ?
Wow, 25 years of Fox. Seems like only yesterday I was watching Married with Children, The Simpsons and Get A Life on Fox 32 Chicago.
make me feel wonderful if you thought you Could help them- their request should be on your twitter (timeline?) from a couple
#whosgonnalose - San Francisco at St. Louis - St. Louis will lose
Holy shit. This is unbelievable
maybe goodman should line up at WR :) nice tackle by Cassel!
I hope i can see her again sometime... I'd hate to go such a long time without seeing her. :/
I gotta get Zoie one day soon. Been slacking on my godfather duties
RIP Steve Jobs, we thank you for everything you did!
so much for that hometown look he mentioned?
OH: then my ear started going numb and I didn't like it anymore
URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT: We're playing Bamboozle 2011!
Thanks!! I will. Very cool that there's a real person representing groupon...
How convenient that when one of the characters gets injured, our main character is actually a med student. Nice!
Fright Fest BEOTCH! :-D
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
Happy birthday to my bestest friend in the world We hate eachother we love eachother who cares
how many was that? >:O
he's not in it but it's Spider-Man!!!
I know that's why I was checking on you...
The Decemberists on the Colbert Report
My night was good. I'm laying down now
"Get updates via SMS by texting follow iblee to 40404 in the United States" huh- more sites making more changes more quickly
But Karma can be sweet as pie after
This whole not having wikipedia for the day is really annoying
I was up until almost 5am not able to sleep & woke up at 9:30.
No worries! I've been learning the ropes of Groupon, too.
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 8 Through April 11
oh we will!
lol i was just thinkin about that.. hell maybe like 10 of em'...
wow nick, you are very fit
Today already sucks and the lobby doors aren't even open yet...
wow nadal finally lost! What an opening for Federer..
you're just jealous that you can't drive like this.
OMG I can't wait either!
Thanks Kelly for coming to #Marist!!!! You're awesome
grapes were the real forbidden fruit
I love you
Have you heard of #bigapplebbq? I read about it in and thought of you! It's next month.
To mejier there is no I before j
#MySecretXmasIngredient: the looks on the boys' faces when they see what's under the tree.
I like my women face down ass up!
Thanks for the RT the other day! (And sorry for my thanks-delay. Whatta week.)
Ukiah Fire Dept. to work more closely with UVFD
Hey Neil, my bro and I are huge fans. What are the odds of being able to meet you and say hi? Happen to be in Vegas too.
oh gosh, security is so annoying! hopefully they lighten up a bit....maybe
Guy behind me: "he is hitting .300" Guyer is actually hitting .200
*know I am superior.
live in the mix--dedication to Mr. Magic --- without YOU magic, we wouldn't be US. RIP....
oh ok! Well I hope they find that actor ok then! Yikes!
I just thought of a new invention velcro shoe laces for elephants, because they are always standing
Big day for new releases tomorrow looking forward to listening to the new ones from and
Having trouble with twittering . anyone else having trouble ?
I loved it. This was the best chapter ever:) I can't wait for chapter 22!
MN senate is under call. Vikings debate should begin very soon.
yeahh i am.. these guys are tyring to kill me and im not safe.. and now i have heart problems
so are you able to come with us to PCB?
i just did the step you taught our team in high school & thought of you :)
Thanks! That's my little girl, Miette!
when is your bday!?
U know Im just out here 10 toes down chasing
what's the database for?
I want to get a tattoo of myself on my entire body, only 2 inches taller. -Steven Wright
Be there 4 me when I need u & not when I want u....
Can't believe that was my last class for freshman year!
right, including those details in specific job descriptions.
Be no evil, Speak no evil, Do no evil. ~Monkey Monk
HAHAHA I FORGOT ABOUT THAT JEW TUTOR LMFAO
so sorry about Duke...
To change your perspective, the first thing you have to do is stop comparing yourself to others. God has something special just for you.
Caramel Cappuccino :)
I wonder if would follow us, if we sent him tshirts. Maybe if he knew the ownr big #Knicks fan
There is a product on the market called No No. Try their no risk No No Guarantee.
I would suggest that hot sauce also helps...
Can't make sacrifices 4 any & everybody..... You'll never get da same n return
Creating demand for your brand!
Oh that sounds sexy!
Atta way! See you soon
Inspiring presentation on #sasf11. We'll be building you a floating campus before the end of this semester :)
I just finished a 3.30mi run at 12'10"/mi #nikeplus Also saw zoom in on a reindeer's bottom. You don't get that outside.
Questions we should ask: Should the Pres focus on helping the Gay Community to feel free or middle class families to survive?
its LeeLee chick. Follow me. Miss ur Face.
I love life
I hate staying home so much. I'm not staying home again unless I'm vomiting blood
And it's wine Wednesday. So there's that.
the price for Wifi is to listen to Nancy Grace!
LOL RT : Sav-Mor liquor sign: "Wine for Mother's Day. Because you drove her to it."
Thanks everyone for direct messages and the follow... Have a wonderful day!!!!
u bey tree dont forget to retweet my music
A dynamic flooring pattern or a deep wall color can make the difference as you remodel your bathroom.
I've been reading a lot of article on architecture lately and I was hoping for a literal bridge... but that was pretty cool.
^es I don't now what age I realized I could sing but I do know what age I realized I couldnt live without singing -Ebony-...
Just watched from last night. What a pathetic cast. Read your contract and compete. You are a quitter.
Heard a CVB song on a Target commercial! You guys rock!
This feels so wierd! going to school at noon is the wierdest feeling ever!
Apparently the Symposium enables you to travel back in time? Tomorrow, at UTD, be at
Because there aren't any such things at Heat fans. Heat fans today are Glee fans tomorrow.
Really? I just saw it and was like, that's gold on the ceiling
say something so incredible on u can say it
Mi listening tew Scratches {<U+2665>}
RT You helped me with my insomnia, thanks Jackie!
and u? Out of work already? Ready for the weekend?
I'm so excited for the keys. I'm going to look so tan when I get back to school <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>
Night everyone! (:
What is his Skype name?
“: Adding "(;" at the end of anything makes it sound sexual, read my last tweet for an example(:” lol...YEAH
kissing and telling is not okay! So tacky! You definitely dodged a bullet.
#1 New York Times Bestseller Three Cups of Tea: One Man’s Mission to Promote Peace, One School At A Time, by Greg Mortenson
Cheese and wine flights! Who knew I was missing out on this for a good portion of my life?
2 days ago I visit port saint lucie, fl. It was boring and uneventful...
Cheek , neck, and forehead kisses are cute (:
RT : Congrats to Carrie Underwood & on their nominations! Congrats Carrie and kelly
Thanks for the RT's
By the way, Happy Mother Day :-)
learnin as I go, bro :)
Ms. Schnupp makes me hate Adele
Bleh! Can't sleep.
AMEX Blue Preferred
Or boyfriend RT : Wanna sure fire way to piss off your 16yr old? Tell him the bedroom door stays open when his GF hangs out.
. . .re-emerging on Twitter. Maybe I can sustain it this time.
The Motto Drake ft. LilWayne & Tyga what album is this from?
"Taking my time reading this opinion!!! IT's like 50 pages long!" Hey, if you weren't TWEETING so much, u might finish it!!
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets!
Should have won his race ... Damn it!!!
dude it's the best turkey burger round these parts. You gotta check em out when you come back
got your message! just got home. 4am your time. I'll call you tomorrow! xoxo
The Babysitter is hilarious!
Good Morning & Happy Wednesday! Do you LOVE Shorty's homemade cole slaw? We want to hear what your favorite side dish is!?
Need that get right
Oh.my.gosh. This baby duck just stole my heart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
'I'm like Norway... Wait or is it Sweden?'
Michael Floyd (WR) of Notre Dame went to Arizona at 13 overall. Some think he's even better than Blackmon.
I can't stand money hungry people
not at #cil2010 :(
I agree with you 100%. Every day waiting hurts someone. And I firmly believe that Axelrod is an ass on so many levels.
Then I can't Prove it to U!
Man, that was a good sleep.
Leave it to Skype to make my relationship with women easier.. there is always a 'sign out' button lol
Simon, come on, take me to LA!
Rush Poster Printing at NYC Printing 123. Your One Stop Printing Shop with the fastest printing turnaround. From 3 day turnaround to as...
I hope their tabouli is more parsley than bulgar wheat? Many people make it like it's a bulgar wheat salad.
Yeah, I think it's the same dress she was wearing in those Instagram pictures with Selena, Charity, and whoever else and it
They do dislike Romney but Newton casts a mean spell. He is very talented. Few politicians could do what he's done.
The morning sucks i hate talking to ppl this early dont wanna exchange any words jus take your coffee an be on your way
vashappeninn :D Love u :D Can u follow me please ? :D <3<3
so sorry. I received it the week I was totally stuck in bed sick. So thank you, wonderful friend! So excited.
1211 Crescent has the fattest neighbors of all time. You have to be at least 350 to enter their residence.
I can still feel my head on your shoulder, and hoping that song would never be over.
can I bring a guest to the party tonight?
The Pink Hair For Hope campaign has raised almost 2 million dollars to help fight breast cancer
Happy Hour??
sounds like someone's got her married buzz on from the wedding;)
that interview is comedy gold!!
its nothing wrong with being a freak its u hoes i cant stand...
Going through my bookshelves and taking out books is harder than I thought it would be. I dislike this part of moving.
It's ok we still in dis it ain't over yet mane
Thank you for the retweet!
Mavs answer with a goal of their own! Score now 4-3 with Burgoyne putting one in the next. Just over a minute left in the second
Two new media industry bodies proposed
you might get a prize.
I support me some fellow street teams, even if it isn't for the same band!ima ST 2. i love AI by the way, they are great! :D
It's a bunch of babies on twitter smh....the young people are taking over everything! *sighs*
So nice to see Sihks, Jews, Atheists, and even the Hare Krisnas, etc in line to see
My sister won't even go see a movie with me. :(
well come then come to my houusssee
Come cuddle with me in LA!
Vegas Bound. LEGGO!!!
need to go on da corner and tell jokes for gas...
b/c tebow chose the jets. Weird, huh? Only thing i can think is god told him to.
Don't sleep. This is way too fun.
Hearing a on the radio is getting me excited for #zumba tonight! :)
In homeroom again its the end of the day!
It's under 40 degrees outside right now... so why exactly is the air on in this office?
Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
this isn't for the library, so no XML involved. Just admin forms. Plus, we may not use the same tools for library either.
Fantastic idea!
I've been listening to the last song you played in the truck, again and again...
uTap presenting. Location-based message broadcasting and deal broadcasting. Geo-social baby!
My nerves can't handle this...
. Wittgenstein's idea of use in context gives us an interesting way of talking about computation
My Mom makes the WORST coffee. Seriously. Brown water.
(: you knoww. Lol. You coming Sunday..?
Owners appear to be in favor of expansion.
Tomorrows meeting one that I'm really really looking forward to.
what is the presentation about?
Good luck with that!
Just watched and heard myself on a video about our new MBA program. I apologize to anyone who's ever had to see or hear me.
Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful. - Zig Ziglar
RT if u share your dollar with me!! m fresh house music
Got a head-ache out of this WORLD. :-/
Feels like all my hopes are shattered..
Where's Karen, Amy Pond!?!?!?! I must have missed something... I hate being "across the pond."
So nice to see the committment and hard work of winter training paying off.
LOLL where did Siri find it for you?
RT ,HELP STOP ANIMAL CRUELTY! STOP DONATING TO PETA HSUS ASPCA OTHER ANIMAL EUTHANIZING GROUPS GIVE UR LOCAL NO-KILL SHELTER
coughing and sneezing all over :/
LMAO you can come visit me RT : my new office will be the hit factory some day.
mother fuckers who catch facebook feelings and twitter feelings can go eat a dick. U was just a piece of ass.
The best part of that is the Amazon "related product" ad at the bottom is for a poster of Frank Zappa on the toilet.
ya i hear u talking don't kno who u tryina flatter
Another successful Final Five. Thanks for the great hospitality.
Well, there was that stint where I designed for an outdoor theater - that had a whole separate set of challenges.
I am being frank about myself in this book. I tell of my first mistake on page 850. Henry A. Kissinger
Annoyed with everything today
Celebrate Virginia Live is giving away FREE VIP PASSES to a show of your choice! Check out the VIP picture for more info!
nicole farted and blamed it on me. Bitch.
"I love wiggly things" - Mike Milbury. We've officially jumped the shark here
Or .. lol. But seriously ima text you
U know there's always this 1 guy in a movie theater who wont be quiet I'm like he needs to go in time out for 5 min :-\
Getting ready for studio 6 to preview march issue tune in
: I'm holding you to it! Lol.
One of the tragedies of Womanhood is I'll never experience the incredible feeling of a blow job.
Jerry, Thanks for being a Razorback. Leading the team in tackles for 4 years is an amazing stat. You will be missed!
i was just amazedand all the boys smelled so good lol but jacob was sweet letting me take two pis with him
you spelled Pittsburgh incorrectly.
“: It seems to me you hoes will neva change.”
Currently heading back home :)))))...
Researching multi-media crowdsourcing and archives. Excited to find a journal article using #TwinPeaks as a case study.
just one reply on my side lol
Weekend with my bitches in bwayyyy gne b
Wow Lucky you! Condolences......
I'm going to have to get one of those Nintendo Wii straps so it doesn't hit my face anymore. Dee dee de.
Omg sick fucking lightning, batman.
Nurse DeeAnn to the rescue!!!!!! ;)
Things always find a way of getting worse rather than better.
The world will be saved by the Western woman. Dalai Lama
This OKC vs LAL is about to get real
its like out of a movie!
Rick Scott has become a very effective speaker (at Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce) in his 8 days in office.
You should wear your puka necklace tomorrow when you get your braces off!!(: #BringBackTheMemories <33 Are you excited??? I AM
MDA is really the reason for this injury. He was trying to win games on Lin's back and didn't care about his body at all.
aw thank youu<U+2661>
you need to pump your brakes and drive slow homie.
Banking that being in the back of the room is a good sign, maybe they want you to enjoy the walk? #prweekawards,
Combine laziness with supporting ? Oh yeah - I am SO down with this one.
Our is now racing our baby daughter. Current standings: Leaf due November, baby due December.
#BREAKINGNEWS: Woodburn High School fire is now a 4-alarm fire. We are live on FOX 12 right now!
Perfect night...#SobelmansBurger, , drinks, laughs...great start to the weekend!
Follow me to vegas, dallas!
need photos?
Haha aw, you are a very good and doting aunt. :) What did you do? Never enough! Where was Quinn? Boring. Your weekend?
are you guys gonna try out 's Atari guitar on this upcoming tour?
Maybe its me not him
$5 smirnoff cocktails, $3 powers shots, $2 miller bottles. Come get rowdy with Kyle and Daryl people!
tarts that's snds just alil off.u can't get sumone 2 be that type with out them being exactly that,MIXED! half black half white
I didn't know you played LoL. Ive played that game for like two years now. Aha.
that wld be Awesome
A model must have strength of character & will-power to stay away from drugs & 2 much partying. If she takes drugs agency will drop her.
I love you Michael! <3 You're amazing. <3
Congrats to the 2010 U.Va grads! Have a great weekend!
Blockheads Upper West Side....you
Quote from Henri Cartier-Bresson: "To take a photograph is to align the head, the eye and the heart. It's a way of life."
#Community is genius! I can seriously watch "Pillows and Blankets" over and over "Leonard likes this post" - amazing!
oh now ur gonna play coy too?! Ha. U need more wine!
The things we do for Tiger Blood
that all sounds terrific. I'm stealing the formula when I get remarried to my companion cube.
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
American History X withh & <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Yes it's a great show- just watched this week saw 35W Bridge sign from '07collapse at MN Hist Center..
Testing social media presentation using iPhone pocket projector --so neat. test projecting videos and slides onto wall. Am annoying family!…
It's more concise than bovine excrement...
": "It's rarely crowded on the extra mile.""
the massacre all over again
yea but you would have to lob in a pitch to throw a strike without someone to frame your pitch for the ump or walk sceeyone
Say it isn't true! RIP Junior Seau.
Big sigh of relief that this Knicks season is over. I now have so many other teams I can root for!
Thanks for the call out I think I got used to hiding. ;)
[Insert swearing bunny here] I missed him??
I'm so confused. When is your album dropping? People keep saying different months. #ParadiseJune5?
The Character “El Jefe” is a Mexican crime lord who was educated at elite American schools including York University
ok cool
We're hoping to have it back on 8/23 but can't guarantee that date, unfortunately. U can order and we'll ship when avail..
we want to hear about what you would like to see on our new website www.getbettermaine.org! more health resources? maternity rankings?
umm I could say the same thing to you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Cold Smold...(still) getting it in!
aliyah call me
Cashers 4-1 on Friday night and 6-1 the past 2 nights. We are taking Saturday off in preparation for laying large bets Sunday.
Someone take Mike Smith's stick away from him until he can play nice.
Put some awesome colours in 's hair today, and Joe's as well... I wish Justin would let me dye his hair.
My Quote of the Day - "It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.", George Washington
Goodbye, Hootsuite... my love...
Too much alcohol can act as a depressant & inhibit the orgasmic reflex. Keep the tequila to a minimum today!
My pleasure! :)
I love you.
I think Joey does
INCEPTION= greatest movie of the summer, hands down.
my hotmail account was compromised which hs contacts harvested from linkedin hope i have fixed problem
this nigger is annoying me via text. Scram Scram Scram.
Guess what! The Blonde Assassin killed her first target. 2nd one is not easier.
:) Showering, and Crusty Crab coming over :D
Finally, finally, finally confirmed for a massage this weekend.
Never thoughts of suicide i'm too alive
:) You're welcome! Great article.
DUI checkpoint tonight! ! ! Hollywood and Gower! Be safe tonight!
im sorry lol but thanks for the follow
Does anyone get the Longhorn Network? Golf show I edited airs tonight at 7PM & 11PM CT.
Egh! I don't have time to get it fixed and I leave the country tomorrow for vacation! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
So had replied to my posts on the ustream and made me smile more than I have in a month Thanks James so much for just being you
Welcome #SuperSpecialNewFollower - let us know how you think we're doing! -CarolV, IF Twittrer ;)
I want a 20 runs for Yankees nd whip these REDSUX
HAITI had voted for isarel to beacome a nation..History.
"9W" Answer to the question: Do you spell your name with a V, Mr. Vagner?
People forget about Caesar's friend Faye. As he was being assassinated, Julius saw his assailants and asked "Et tu, Faye?"
I'm sorry to hear that. Did you get the kids in the divorce?
Something about active use of the senses as a social activity...
Used today to share my screen to show a client potential web site designs. Super easy to use and free!
Jermaine Paul brought back all my favorite people. :D
Looks like highs of 69 today - perfect Blue Bar weather in our eyes! What's your favorite type of patio weather?
RT for a shout out! :D
This is gonna be a Good Series I see Albert n Carpenter Pulling off the series gonna be a good one !!!
Whoa. Theon is almost as bad as Joffrey. Almost.
Just sent a hair donation to Locks of Love from over 10clients! If u want to donate your hair 10inches or more we will ship it.
And Kobe is still to damn clutch
maybe within the last 6 months.
Who's coming? ...Everyone? ...Really? Wow!
- something that will fill in a form while I'm testing client side validation, checkout, etc.
look at how pretty! :-)
May Day. May Day.
hey- interested in radio appearance tomorrow?
Reverse phychology to make friends, use men and manipulate obese female counter-parts. Example, the pretty girl with three normal friends
This was a pretty good weekend, and tomorrow is going to so suck becuz I don't wanna go to school :((((
“: You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you.” exactly . You have no idea ..
right like I have ANY idea when the census was. I googled!
Thought you were working out of the Club Brady restroom?
franciscan a . Secret sessions not on the guide. Ha ha
city needs $, why ignore medical cannabis $?
DMV home of the egotistic
don't let amazon know or they will come to your house and conglomerate you!
#Retweet your way!
SUCKS for Terrell Suggs. Man is in his prime. But I'm not going to act like I feel oh so bad for him... I don't. Keep it moving
hello my good man, i'll take your finest, cheapest wine.
my favorite emoji is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> there's a lot going on there for just one emoji
My kids love the apple sage. Kinda sweet; very tasty!
well youshould be!
love the article...I would have prefer if it was mobile friendly (easier to read)...can't wait 2play with
If your not FUNNY...I will not tolerate you!.
Happy Mother's Day mommy!!! <3
Whoever said white guys can't rap? :/
I just donated blood cc:
cut copy def gave me a Phoenix-like breakthrough for this fest: I had been charred to ashes by the sun& CC brought me back to life!
los amo con todo mi amor i love you MB
700 plays on my video after a week!!! You all are awesome. <3
That would be fun! Let's do it -- you want to ask Adam or should I? Or Both?
I thought it was going to be Fifty Shades of Grey. Much classier though! :)
Another one! is the man!
Hopefully this lighting storm goes away soon ^^
I've only ever loved 3 things in my life. one of those things is my iPhone 4 <U+2764>
well yeah what youre doing right now is easy
Affirm: I honor my fear and my courage
thank you, soul brother and likewise. and busted channeling my inner LeRoi from back in the day, fo' sho
Good! Just got home too. Drinking lots of water now. I'm gonna need it! :)
Not all of the PM was infected, though Graham declined to say what the infection was. “It’s either going to be there or it’s not.”
looks solid
Usher is getting a little to old to be singing about sex though He got money he can retire and just make songs
I knew it! I can't wait. I won't even need to watch the game; I trust your tweets as accurate, unbiased commentary.
and me, a simple medical sociologist. #bioethics #AJOB #celltex this is a big story, so revealing.
Smokin Dope.....That's
Would you rather a cool chef pic of something really great, or a perfect pic of something that just looks good? I'll opt for the chef pic!
got hacked. I just changed my password.
Great game hawks!
I can't say I'm disappointed to no longer be on the DCDSC.
go lesbian
Quick hi to the lovely ! Thanks for your #NARIP love and beautiful music!
I'm good, lunch time with nomz! You?
friday i did not shop. sunday i did not watch football. should i feel guilty?
Thank you for the follow ! www.platinumcce.com
Coming up in moments a chance at a family 4 pack of ticket s to the Disney y show Sat at the JPJ
I mean. I'm not her Lean rest!!!!
try and understand City are new kid on the block. RM have had global exposure for decades
I watched a friend's campaign totally flop, so I totally understand the trepidation involved.
i'm a KU fan...quiet tonight but I'm here.
That was a very sucessful practice, can't wait for our game on Monday versus Webster!
well thank you kate!!
How do I transfer photos from my iPhone to my computer via USB?
you dont know your super super super cute #seewhatididthere lol
- All IS well, thx. Let's hope it stays that way, after the post-appt adrenaline wears away... (Heidi says HI.)
ey bro, just seeing if we're shooting tonight. I hit you up but your phone is off. Lemme know
no need to tell me twice
DF? im so lost on PPL =/.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUU
I might get to see my bestfriend tomorrow.
I want to invent a really cool way to tie shoelaces. Make it like an art form.
yeah , so i be around but paper chasin though . but idk what y been up too nel?
I was just thinking to myself, this subway station really smells like poop. Then I looked down. Yep,right on the tracks.
So very proud of my two lil cousins! I remember when they were BORN <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>! And now they are graduating! Wow!
I dont know how white girls do it EVERYDAY.
Hollywood has decided that female gastrointestinal issues have been ignored for too long.
Larry: "Oh, I see. It's because of my affliction, isn't it?"
as I understand it, one of the Teen Moms is going to enroll in the Recording Industry program!
And I'm a strangely ok with this.
Great! I see they even have a "Pin Ups" lounge at Cannery. Didn't see that low a rate though. Secret code? Where'd u c that? TY!
Macao is fucking popping right now!!!!!
API = Assumptions Probably Incorrect #devopsdays (via )
awesome!! Same here :)
any chance we could do some quick painting with Winnie on Wed. too! Think she could get some donations :)
Do asian transports say caution may take wide left turns?
Did they change the button for eating in #minecraft? I'm starving to death and my anorexic character is waving a porkchop like it's a flag
@ regarding patient engagement, what 's your view of the effectiveness of motivational interviewing as a method?
MoneyCatchers.com is a company we work with to bring alternative income sources for artists!
Does the church and "family values" really matter that much? Even at the expense of everything else?
Its raining, its pouring, the old man is snoring? What does it mean? Or did someone just ryhme stuff cause it sounded good at the time?
Or as Cub fans call it: The quest for 3....
Boss gave me numerous kudos for my awesome work this week (not the kudos bar - )
For more volume, blow dry your hair with your head flipped upside down. Make sure your hair cools before you flip back up! :)
#ihatewhen people spam and tweet you just to promote something -.-
loll in colorado we golf in january (but golf sux ass) and ski in july (:
Beastie Boys at the Salem Armory (with Sonic Youth, L7 & House of Pain) in August 1992 was one my favorite shows I've ever been to.
It is so hard to keep your cool sometimes. You're absolutely right though. Act instead of react. Return anger with a kitten.
I thought we were done with this cold weather
idk I heard good ol' massey has been in some serious training
RT : #FF We've moved! Follow to continue to receive updates on all things
I wish it had this weekend.
I'm just not upset about the Quick stuff. Mainly because I've always had latent Quick feelings. Always.
Mirror: Ooh! You look cute today! Camera: LOL no.
Game 6 pregame news: Kobe is sick as a dog and Birdman has to go clear his internet history. Advantage
HELLO THERE
I hear you! Try to do something out of the ordinary to get out routine...art museum has two show that end next week. :)
Why is I that every 7-11 smells like a bag of poopy dog socks? What is making that smell?!??!?
Drove to the hardware store and super market-ever notice big cars speed up when you pass them-I think I'm going to need some numbers
Thanks for the FF!
Very Scary Video: www.swinetube.com
there are likely to be lots of stats jokes coming in the future.
Sure! Where/when do you want to meet up? I'm staying in Ring A wing (by Cadboro Commons).
ooh salty wins over sweet...
Just #Sweaved a #ggplot in #RStudio... and then the world exploded..
In 2011, Super Bowl most expensive ticket was $15,946 for a 7th row seat on the 50 yard line
Heh. Kotaku's tweet about the same thing called them "less valuable players." I think that's funny.
2 hours to get 50 followers who is gonna help me get there????
Chris Jone shere, Charlotte NC, kicking off #ECOSYS in our new night/time, TUES 8pMDT .. say "hey" as u arrive
Did we mention $2 tall boyz & $2 tacoz ALL DAY?! Golly! I will not calm down about these dealz!!
skinny crock pot....there's an oxymoron if i've ever heard one
try porcinis in louisville when you get back. Pitino gives it rave reviews.
what's up happy thanks giving to you n ur fam <U+E337>
ur mom loves my dick
#IWishYouKnew how I felt when theres a new freestyle. new interview. new picture. Words cant explain I wish you knew...<3
do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad. well my son just did i feel embarrased. good show today
RT : So often we forget that money is not the reason. The dream is the prize and should be the focus, not the money.
PLEASE HELP: Family Reach Foundation #golf tourney in NJ -July 25. #Auction Items needed.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies ~ Ron Paul
is running this year, any chance you can come out on April 28 too?
Another win for Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team. Team is on a roll
Ppl I'm so lovey
we are here at Greater Newark Conservancy's City 21st Gardens Contest Award Ceremony! we were judges
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go and why?
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor
Can i go back to the mayflower now? i was really getting used to living like zack & cody! :(
Right. Change is (or can be) slow. RT A3 The expectation that change will be sudden and visible. It takes time.
Sometimes the modicom of talent you have in an area exists for your deeper appreciation of it. It doesn't have to be your life's purpose.
ur to gangsta to kick it with me? Haha
GIFTED MINDS SELLING 5$ RAFFLE TICKETS ! FOR A CHANCE TO WIN IPAD 3 WE DELIVER THEM ANYWHERE !
You know what feels good? Telling some DB he could have used the stairs instead of the elevator to go 1 floor.
First #DonCornelius, now #DickClark. 2012 is a bad year for TV dance show hosts.
Feeling frizzy and dry???? We have a fabulous Keratin treatment to take care of that all through the long winter!!- it lasts up to 5 months!
Hey do u have a ipod touch if so give me ur # and we can Facetime together
No problem. That was really freaky! By the way, you taught the BEST audition class I ever had! Hope all is well.
Failed that AP Government exam horribly. Haha
I'm still in ATL just been under th radar watching this foolish stuff n the body but stay tuned change is here!
how do i make it the right size
Let's not kid ourselves, we both know whose stuff we want to see. (cough, cough )
Please god don't let this pass.
there already is an archaeology meritbadge.
Perpetually too hungry to have the energy to get up and forage for food.
What God has established will be! Your heart must be prepared for the bridges He will burn for you. Growth requires destruction of the old!
enjoying a well deserved glass of angel Chardonnay. My fav!!
Robert Pattinson should he the fucking host.
as always appreciate the content from you
Whoa, I only just updated Google Plus iPhone app…pretty slick
Why isn't Moonlighting on Netflix? and what happen to MadTV reruns on Comedy Central?
I can't remember the last time I watched something on tv
I have no idea. Sorry! :/ I was at my friends house watching it.
I was hoping my room might get a new bathroom!
so guess who needs to borrow eve's bayou for real now? (cc: )
Noticed. Watching now!
Oh goodness...this episode...
If you can find articles about him prior to being drafted you'll see what I'm saying. No question he was a phenom.
cinema just came on the radio and i started freaking out because the boyz' performance of this is one of my favorites<3
Things are aliive out there...
any type of food - I'm staying downtown and have no car - (Pretty big limitation)
Okay, sick! Is it your first one?
Lookin for that perfect Mother's Day gift?! Send us your fave "mom'nme" photo for a chance to win a free Spa Treatment! use #FS4Moms!
next week school will be out for the summer.
In a few weeks time I should be to 5 and 6 miles
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the past and move on. Forget what hurt you, but don't forget what it taught you.
Have u ever had so much weight on your shoulders have nigga like yo bro ever fucked u over......
Two different kinds of marathons in NYC today. The #NYCMarathon and the #reinventlocal hackathon
We accept most insurance carriers, email us or call 253-507-7548 for an appt. Tell someone you care about - we practice compassionate care.
#lessexcitingbandnames Jay-Zed
Why buy a yearbook if your not in half of the pictures anyways????
Any recommendations for good ortho or neurosurgeon in Mil area? Just looking for second opinion. Please message me answers.
The font size of the Continue Game button has been increased to match the composition on the interstitials
Hey Will! How have things been?
It's fun to see red-faced & pouty. The camera needs to go there more often.
Finally the #Aztecs are off to a quick start, leading 28-18!
Happy Mother's Day from The City Insight! Please view a Mother's Day announcement we have on www.thecityinsight.com.
I always notice you. Whats it gonna take for you to notice mee? |:
No problem!:)
Absolutely no taxis when you need one.
Thinking and always will be thinking about ICONic Boyz<3 <3 <3
i thought it was but logie and blake thought it wasnt funny at all.lol
Do you know how I got here? I failed many times before but I kept going.
I def will, See you later.
HOPE YOU ARE CELEBRATING WHAT WILL BE YOUR BEST YEAR EVER!! xoxo
It's amazing how well one can play basketball when they aren't busy pouting.
And whats the biggest way to keep black people away?
Thanks for the follow and creating a great product!
First mornin wakin up for class for 3 weeks
is giving away an iPad2. Visit ipadgiveaway.riptapparel.com to enter.
Just seen my nigga on airways he just ask a nigga to hit up level2.
In other news, my mom and my aunt volunteered to put lotion on my new ink. Yea for helpers!
Shout out to you need to follow them. I love their tweets!
it was my birthday yesterday but u did not say happy birthday so it was the worst time of my life
“: Vodka, because no great story ever started with someone eating salad”...
About to sleep while the suns risin.
I was just over at servino's for a wedding. I didn't know they had live music there.
SAGgin it..always
Another HUGE concert announcement coming up later today..stay tuned!
Thankful for best friends who break their fingers, local bars to heal the pain, and laughter to appreciate Thanksgiving
RT for that good ol' follow
Your welcome, anytime!! One of best in NYC & FIlm, keep the great tweets coming :)
Thanks, Andrew! Glad you enjoy the videos!
I switched to a Kinesis a few months ago and I've never looked back.
shiiit ready for the long haul grind bro
Want you to be my first ,my last, my ending , and beginning
Best of luck to all the Ironman athletes this weekend -- I'll be the guy in the lawn chair drinking beer while spectating.
I adore me a good cocktail ring - especially when done by a local artisan...big always gets compliments + I get to give props!
if you really want to make her happy send her to the foot massage place and you hang at the bar!!
Psychological Profiling, a relatively new field, looks at offender behavior to determine what type of person they are.
Once my respect for you is gone, you really can't get it back..
(WOW! Congrats I guess..... I mean... I never heard of or from these dudes... LOL!)
Headed to the dentist for spacers. Then braces next Tuesday, freakin yay..
Happy Easter Eve!!! 2 more hours till Easter!!
True or False: Social Networking is a waste of my time...
RT : Oh, you're a DJ? You must be so good at pressing buttons on your laptop.
Why they hating on ya album cover
Derby Time. Gemologist and Dullahan look good. Not countin out Hansen at the 14 post.
Absolutely love the video...You look very handsome in white..
thank you ;). your looking really good too
Went through my frosh yearbook & almost all the messages include "you're the craziest girl and your baby/Jesus jokes are hilarious" lmfao
It's such a nice day in New England. I'm doing some grilling and we are having a wine tasting pool side in my yard. My neighbors are happy.
5:40am wake ups take a toll on you by Friday.
Everyone has a bitch button. Who's pushing yours? While u prolly can't control that person, u CAN control the way u react 2 them.
School is lame
Unity will be difficult but it happens around the table.
Since this page has gone unnoticed....i guess im gonna have to.......
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
Take me to the place i love, take me all the way
I loved Garbage Pail Kids - they cracked me up! I had so many of the cards. What made you think of that?
good plan. So very close...
photos as documents of testimony; testify to cultural encounters that preserve them
yea yea lol
You're wicked smaht!!! RT Who!!!! What did I tell you a few tweets ago?!?!?!?!
I don't get it either, I used love jaws but he's getting out there...
Hey ! Can you recommend any good sci-fi thriller novels? I've been hankering for one and thought you might know....
for 15 seconds
You know what this Hump Day needs? A little hair of the dog that shit in my shoe.
Washington D.C.
u can teach me anything u want
I bet u are :) what credit cards did I say it only took
#ThingsIReallyCantStand: people who actually drive the speed limit.
What's going on with pimps & so called pimp nowadays falling for their hoes. I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure that's a no no.
Found $25 iTunes gift card. Bought , , and Rome albums. All three are fantastic.
great recovery there by Noesi, too. kind of inning a pitcher can learn a lot from, more than you can a no-hitter.
Have a Wavvey Wednesday!
Besides me, This girl is going through ruins right now. The simpliest thing you can do is show Harry her Twitlonger. Please.
Thanks boo!! Hows that BPL going for you? :)
Seriously!!!! My boy singing my all time favorite !!!! This is amazing!
Felt like I was white water rafting in my car...the streets are flooded! #get itogether
Thank you so much for the writings! On my to-read list for this AM....
This world is getting crazy
love will have you feeling good, and looking dumb .
Let's go I heard they found the solution Where will you be for the revolution?
So covered in sweat.
I'm gonna need the ravens to lose next week. I don't even care if I have to issue a public apology. Steelers need a bye week
Your post made me tear up. I'm not sad for you, but really moved. :) Thanks for sharing.
I'm mad I missed like all of on ustream maybe next time
Wondering how I can get involved in the compelling industry of offbeat stock photography... and by offbeat I mean inappropriate Tebowing.
This is my 700th Tweet, hope it's a good one
Or not.
Great Work
How about you sing to the customers while they wait for their donuts? ;) haha that'd be awesme.
Why is the music from Next to Normal amazing
i know. I love you both <3 hehe
You might get lucky, but it could be stormy at that time.
Happy Monday AlL!
Finally got to get back on twitter!!!(:
Jevan Snead is the single worst player in football, not just college but football on any level including pop warner
Crystal Clear Pools has the best deals on pool maintenance, repairs, and renovations
me jealous
RT meeting. How to mass produce green housing at an affordable price. Spire Architecture in Millbrook is trying.
still snickering to myself
omg this guy has an amazing range, so unexpected
"So hide your face, collect your things; this is what we call the walk of shame"
This rain sounds beautiful
Might be due to UNLV getting blasted
Absolutely going to see #TheAvengers thus weekend!!
LeBron fills up a stat sheet almost as well as well as Christina Aguilera fills up a shirt.
Am I the only who could care less about the Derby?
Murked that final done with school #booyea b rose with later
. we've come a long way in 40 years.
Teen Wolf Trailer? Oh lawdy don't even get me going on that show!
dats sweet RT : I like to have people happy even if im not
Back to script writing...may the ideas begin to flow!
Driving back from dropping matt off at college :'(.. It can stop raining now..
hm. I got fourish. Jealous.
Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer, "Titanic is syncing", press cancel, feel like a hero.
I followed u :p
Well, at least I'm good for something. Thanks!
RT : We're releasing our covers album June 28.
Check out the Romare Bearden (1911-1988) A Centennial Celebration, on view now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Pavement, central park summerstage, 75 degrees, pretty lights, smell of burgers cooking wafting through the air.
So how are you doing? Aw, it'll get better.
me too! I miss it!
oh, it's what you do to me .
God bless you, good suh.
omg ! Shut up !
Awesome! The collection of Dykes To Watch Out For?
Thx for the follow Joe. It has been a long time! I will be spending more time back home in 2012. C u then. Happy Holidays!
A:You can use stevia.There is also xylitol and erythritol-which don't spike blood sugar.
Highlight if my morning....leftover Chubby's
I'm sure we'll rage enough next wknd to make up for...
New tag line: "For when it absolutely has to work, BlackBerry... junks out & reboots. Every time." Catchy? Eh. Accurate? Yup.
out of all my pics yu chose that one. Why ohh why? Lol =)
I'm hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Madison Pharmacy Associates:1st signs of menopause = an accelerated decline in the body’s estrogen and progesterone levels.
bahahahaha. Duck face sleeping
i may or may not be watching hannah montana on netflix right now.
#IADMIT That everyone can admit that has the most seductive and beautiful smile ever am I right RT if I am
My freaking head is pounding
heard great baritone LEO NUCCI (live La Scala recital on Lufthansa) great artist: perfect execution, deep meaning SIMPATICO! A treasure!!
i miss <3
not yet ;) I keep trying to take a pic but it's not doing the color justice.
Open Jam, bring your instrument. FREE admit. Sign up, perform on the stage of the Historic Paramount. 7-11 pm Bar opens at 9 765-642-1234
Well today is flying by...school tomorrow:( #WhereIsSummer !?
yeah, 4th gate change in past few hours. Move everyone breathing down this gate agents neck
is Knoxville in yalls spring break plans?
so exciting! Congratulations to you and / ! I think you should have ur hen do in LA! X
didn't Bruce Lee say that first? If not, where'd they get it?!
Austin is flawless. that's true (:
We're 4 hours in, and the final 2 #mims12 groups are presenting: &
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh great just what I needed -__-
I'm really happy that this headache will never go away
thank you!! So glad you found me here he :)
Should've at least went to the meet.
You Right, You Shouldn't Change, You're Perfect The Way You Are :)
Maine produces 99% of all the blueberries in the United States
AH your so close to 600K. i can't handle the wait! #Austinto600K MAHOMIE FAMILY IS GROWIN <3 #SoProud :')
At the game they announced that when Shaq was at the freethrow line. It looked like Nash congratulated him for making it. LOL!
LA HOLLYWOOD...WYD Tonight? You Should be going to SUPPER Clubs Mad Hatters Event...it goin Down...Pretty ladies Free b4 11
Excited for another workshop with cd Valerie McCaffrey!
It's getting closer, the 9 MILE MUSIC FESTIVAL is only 2 days away!
Games on in the restaurant.. Let's fucking go
My beard is awfully full thanks to
Working on the Boot Camp website...Have to finish it up so that I can get to work on my blog!
Just a reminder. Schmooze event is 5:30 tomorrow at the Benson Hotel in Portland. See you all there!
it should be a good one!
Thanks for following my twitter Lori. You may have the only healthy addiction I know of!
What are the benefits of tutoring? Increases student motivation to learn, increases specific subject knowledge, and much more!
some of the stuff that theyre yelling at each other about are pretty interesting though.
ONLY universities at the top, those that can afford the risks, can disrupt this conservative culture... MIT leading the way
Why hasn't the film vs digital debate carried over to bibliophiles? As in, "I would never read a book that was printed offset."
on Thursdays it's beer of the month and you take home a beer glass !
Stay tuned for new listings as we get ready for the new year ahead.
Keep US safe plan 1.Cripple with sound cannon 2.Launch tear gas canisters & stungrenades LRAD may inflict permanent hearing loss
Another gloomy, cool day at San Diego's beaches - highs will be about where the water temp is: 66-68...brrrr for August. Better by Saturday
Choices are endless, CHOOSE TO BE IRISH this week!!!
Anyone need pressure cleaning or detailing? Send me a message........
'Art of Almost' hpstm.tc/7r72 #hipstamatic Now ranked #7. Only two more spots to go. Please retweet & help me get into top 5!
Jack White is doing the score for The Lone Ranger. This raises my interest 20%. My total interest in seeing The Lone Ranger is now at 20%
#thoughtsduringoralsex stop licking like that, ur not a cat!
oh yaaaaaay. What for?
Remember The Titans (:
Looks right from here.
I got a nosebleed this morning. I've never had a nosebleed. I must have been doing coke in my sleep.
As an aside, I still don't know how I wound up watching Pink Flamingos at 11. This explains most of my childhood.
What are the odds UW blocked him from Big 12 also? Doesn't seem like Bo's style, but would definitely garner an appeal.
Why do NBA areanas play Blister In The Sun by Violent Femmes? THE SONG IS ABOUT MASTURBATION, Y'ALL!!!!
God I hope I get it
I been hi as hell since i got off work friday ... An today mixin me, , an tracks ...
What it could take to get the Sonics back in town... tonight at 10.
What happened to your phone?
hey, they are filming a segment for a travel show in England tonight, come out and be famous 9:30 doors $10pm show $12
Well now you just set fuel to the fire ;)
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay You have nice facial hair.
Maybe it's symbolic -- like they're going to fill it with their great new work...?
happy birthday girl!!!!
Friends reference. Love it
im really in love with the songs "the REAL love" and "one night stand"
Cream soda is disgusting.
If we just say the name Justin Bieber will we get hundreds of believer followers? Let's test this theory, shall we?
I've seen every Pixar movie in a theatre since Luxo Jr, so yeah, unconditional is right.
I love blackberries
When other people are sleeping..im wondering what i should sketch lol
Jay Bruce, definitely.
: Can't wait to get the new album! I'm sure it's going to kick ass like all the rest!!! CDB Rocks!
goose this weekend yo!?!?
Life's to short so smile, love and laugh like there's no tomorrow<3
Frontline: The Man Who Knew
Amen Piers, Amen.
Ugh now the second most annoying person walked in help
taking a nap
A ba a ba a ba #mrloftus LMFAO DIEN.
Thanks Lee. Do you have any pictures of the BICAL CHEVROLET uniforms that you can send us?
I asked what ward you live in. Does that seem like too personal a question?
Hey, thanx! You rock the block, Tina!
To my #vegetarian friends: Did you know that many of Taco Time’s menu items are customizable? Just opt for pinto beans instead of meat.
Congratulations to Toronto's Richard Forget voted Canada's Magician of the Year by his peers.
It's warm & I'm full. I'm about lay down on this bench in downtown, like a homeless chick. And this shit feels RIGHT!
Tonight: Free! - BC's #Portland Next Week - Afterparty loft w/ PDX techno Only $5
I doubt it lol
The Dark Knight Rises: Movie of the Year
Saturday night = Wild animal print night at the club. Come check out the best animals around.
Sounds great. We look forward to meeting you.
That's great. There's lots to do for non-delegates too - come to Charlotte if you can!
....But did it concur to him that it affects others around you. I need to progress or I will be a terrible burden to my family. A mooch.
Hey Mr. Richie please #followback we had members of our dance group in your #Historic "all night long" music video.
You've got that right! RT Nobody walks without texting anymore
chicken breast
Our Grocery app, non library, but. Cool.
I'm not lucky I'm blessed
it's the time of year in Chicago where no one knows what to wear, some people still in shorts and some in winter coats, everyone looks silly
Yeah, you think I want to talk about THAT game? I'm a sore loser, as always.
Let the games begin...
Scandal hasn't been renewed yet? *sigh*
Thank you to all of my new followers. I have not been able to log in to say thanks lately. I appreciate all of my followers.:)
Happy 26th birthday to Ally, my friend who I met nearly 25 years ago! I LOVE YOU!!!!
Aww don't worry you can do it! :)
we have officially survived Neal-Pocalypse.
Ah, memories. "The Craptastic" might be the finest work you or I will ever do
No offense Ovi. (There is no but. That is the punch line. He provided no offense. #Caps)
Pick an appropriate toothbrush & toothpaste, get the toothbrush & toothpast into the mouth, begin brushing.
Biiiieebeeer! Follow me Please please please please please please please please please please #INFINITY #MUCHLOVE ...&thanks<3
CANT WAIT FOR THAT NEW THE DON ALBUM#REAL RAP
Ate a McRibb for lunch, bad idea. Not sure why it has a cult like following.
note to musicians & bands: don't send us links to your music if you didn't write it yourself. #whatisthisworldcomingto?
Oh Cyrus, I knew you were a complete tool!
wow!! Congrats..and good luck : )
my fancy dress is at the cleaners, should be ready soon. Then we can dress up and go to a dive bar. Lol still in?
All I can think about is eating Pizza When I get home.Am starving In Evening School.SomeOne Come Feed Me!! C:
Erica was starting the most drama
Well Happy Birthday!! Wishing you many more.
Someone Call Me ?
nigga I more followers on twitter than you have actual friends in life - lol - H8trs r us - plus the other 10,000 linked into this
hi:) I just wanted to say I'm such a huge fan and I adore your music!
“: “: Fuck spice #anxietyattack” you spice boy” I'm no Kurt haha
Also saw "The Lucky One" - liked that one a lot better. Pretty true to the book. Can't go wrong with Nicholas Sparks usually...
enjoying the load on vinyl brought back from recent trip to MN. NP: Gil Scott-Heron, "Free Will."
I wish my cloths were heated before I have to put them on
Most painful thing on Monday is not going to class but sitting in the house waiting for a UPS package
Hearing a song on the radio or in a store and being able to say I'll be seeing them live this summer
I wish I could've been a fly on the wall when Pilar and her goons went to jump Deion Sanders....#wtf...cmon lil mama...thats Primetime lol
Thank you Ven Daniel.
yep. other situations that warrant MGD: meteor strike, zombie apocalypse, visiting AZ, giving birth to octuplets.
We come from two different worlds how tf did we meet up.
Oh no! The 1MX shirts were not part of the sale, except the Classic Fit, which you wouldn't want anyways.
How about Another BRICK in the Wall ?
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (22)
I love being out of school
Dreamt about Scott Peterson themed stationary.
Yesterday dropped off large piece of mine at framer's that will be off to Uruguay via US Dept of State #Art in Embassies Program. An honor!
Hey we're playing on 1/04 in Atlanta, GA. Come check us out!
When people say the faces Phillip makes while singing aren't attractive..
My old account was.
Oh! #DaresClub strikes again. Ruining the nutrition lesson.
Just had a great #photo shoot can't wait to see the final pictures
#MahomieTrivia !! The winners will.. uhh.. Idk DM Austin & Alex? Solo Shout out?
Welcome #Magic!!! #GoDodgers!!!
Teaching ppl how to create and manage passwords is an important, core #digitalliteracy skill.
I'm sure that's nothing you're not used too.
QUICK QUESTION LOL when you tweet Austin or Robert & say to check their dms do they actually reply to you ? (: ahaha
The question is are you gonna be a guy or girl ?
Mr.Thunder6+Octave voice=Singing any musical key of notes in6places fluidly.4any M/F2achieve this u need2hav similar chemistry&wishUwere me!
Hibeernation...just around the bend.
FRIENDS 6 of 10: A good friend can tell you what is the matter with you in a minute. He may not seem such a good friend after telling..
Go read what tweeted about publishers & ebooks. I think my head just exploded.
I want 's album!
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new spring running gear!
thank u for ur support. Every athlete has an Everest-ours is helpin each challenged athlete accomplish theirs
Harry_Styles please follow meplease follow me please please follow me please foolow me please
Thanks for following, Amy. I trained as a nurse way back when at St. Joe's in Phoenix.
is it bad that when I was half asleep reading this I thought Gary was making a comeback and Os were interested
"Linda & John will have a few more nickels in their pocket. John can get him a couple more shirts and ties... Kid's gettin off the payroll."
The wayy he looks at the food when it arrives....Lol Oh Madison....
#Omega-3 improves neuronal activity, and you find it in blue-colored fish, trout, sardines, salmon and tuna.
Nice to meet you and chat with you as well!
"... it's also processed by mah mouth." -
Just need to move to Austin
I get money wit da folks I fuck wit da strong way.
What can i do Today
Did u watch the video? If so, what part didn't u agree with? The math? If so, please provide alternative example.
Pro Tools 10 is a beast...
I love my Project Life Givers Sister. Thank you lord for my PLG sisters. I love you ladies!!!
Having to delete all your cool shit on instagram because snitchy bitches are trying to get you kicked out of school...
Thank you for recommending LOC website, I appreciate it!
thanks to my new followers! 10 more until i reach 200!
LET THE NBA FIGHT OVER MONEY, MY CAROLINA FAM GOOD! 7pm, ESPN, ON THAT BOAT, IT'S GOIN' DOWN!.......written by a die hard Tarheel fan!
it's on the posts website, and ESPN
How was the view?
Waiting for everyone.
I love love my bed. Who doesn't?
they really are I look on random pages and there they are saying how Tiffany is amazing I'm like Erm alrighty then.
how so?
followed follow back(:
Been studio hoping.... we in there again tomorrow
No I plan to show our conversations live. The audience arrives at 6 :) so keep the stream alive friend! ;)
I ate a whole lot of them today, so I should be a beacon of health!
We would like to thank for supporting our May 20 festival. We have so much fun lined up for
Random question: what's a Knickerbocker? Besides being the NY Knicks.
I'm so Thailand ready - Passport (check!), Visa (check!), new bikini (check!), beginner digital SLR (check!)...
I wish you MOMS a Happy Mother's Day. We should celebrate Mother's Day everyday.
Stafford would make a good actor
. just started its presentation about wildfire costs & tech. Not as many ppl here as I expected <12.
exactly why i bought a nook/ebooks.
In 1st period ..i cant concentrate on my work cause I have on my mind<3 (:
I can't wait to be so important that I can't put down my cell phone at the check out counter...
4-4 after 1. with 3 goals including prettiest goal of all-time!
An ugly personality destroys a pretty face.
I wana go to Europe :'(
i suck at them! haha ):
Trying not to let it go to my head. ;-)
Our ad in is awesome! Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show, Feb. 19-20 at the Humble Civic Center...come by
when are you coming to Chicago?
lol...i know right...but he still won a ring
well, you won't get shit from me. I'm a sucker for animals, moreso than humans, at least humans can take care of themselves
Lmao bad girls club wilding Out!!!!
Didn't someone get shot INSIDE a bar for Rot Rally?
GREAT column today. Thank you!
ha. Wrong Washington, wrong Jeremy Kahn.
Today's Goal: Take a chance, take a risk, don't be afraid to leap beyond what you know. Be better each day and shine like the star you are!
Twitter app being gay <
New grey "Golden Boy" shirts now available at tebowtees.com
The word school looks really strange right now. I feel like I'm not spelling it right.
RT : RT : Follow and for updates on Virginia Tech.
15 days left until 4th of July and bikini time! Love that Sweat is going to help me get fit! You're doing great Adam!
Baseball one-game playoff FINAL: Johnson City 2, Ben Bolt 0.
Take it easy psycho RT : I hope you fuckers get taken
RT : Melbourne Chamber Music Society presents, The Midori Violin Masterclass Sunday, May 06 @ SunTree United Methodist Church...
Saito, who usually never gives up homers...go figure.
I didn't used to eat meat, & now I think of veggies as a vehicle for bacon. It's a 20:1 veggie/bacon ratio, but still. That 5% is delicious.
i thought twitter's purpose was to chat n meet diff. ppl, not to talk the same shit yu did on fb to the same 10 ppl smh.
you are so right....slipped my mind!!
Thanks! We are very excited to be there Monday morning!!!
thanks, my Twitter mini bio says it all I guess and is a wonderful oasis in this world indeed.
Nice! We should go play soon and get to go play too.
Earnings falling like a rock for utilities as distributed individually owned renewable power becomes cheaper than central-station en
RT : HGTV is looking for estate and garage sales in Michigan to feature in new season of Cash & Cari. Call 416 531 2500 ext. 644
I'm honored to be part of the 10.
learning how to use twitter!
Madison? Do you see this tweet?
My pleasure!
same here when you off next?
I'm at the #OccupyThisAlbum release party at The City Winery. Every performer is excellent! I'm defintely buying this album
That girl did not just look at me and say, "Oh my God my vagina smells good, want to smell?" Stupid blonde girl!!
Maybe 'cause we are not used to driving through ice and snow babe! Stay warm out there.
Scratch that: whole site is down. I assume you know, but just in case.
weird talker
I would curse this church traffic but I don't want to offend the lord <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Just registered for my first trail race... The 1/2 marathon at the Ice Age 50, May 12th (La Grange, WI). !!!
I like seeing us pick for a position of need. Hope he can handle Pats WRs.
will do. Hope ur good
RT I rather be a dork than a dumbass
wow thats kinda harsh
thanks for the #FF shout out! Happy Friday!
This #Packer fan wishes Johnny Jolly a safe & sober future.May not be football, but may very well help someone else - after he helps himself
Beautiful evening with friends listening to open mic night
where u at cuzzo?
Just uploaded a crap ton of photos from some shows we played in the winter.CHECK EM OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was out there today to bt my phone was dead
We just received new beautiful tea pots. They are the perfect gift for your Valentine.
Hey check out that video I just tweeted, I think you saw that party bus in Amsterdam on spring break ha
anytime! hope you get 300! :)
hey,,is this really your account??kindly give me a tweet please:)
Workin on my fitness
I was thrust into square three! My husband and I were made an offer we couldn't refuse. Biz owners in distress, friend of a friend.
Britney Spears ’ Wedding Should Be Personal & Family-Oriented, Says Wedding Planner Britney Spears and Jason Trawick just got engaged,
I look Damn good today ..
Felicia, thanks for the #FF shout out. Minor IS Major. xoxo
It's time for a new phone....I'm unfollowing people on accident...damn
Thanks! Lucky shot while we were high-tailing it out of there.
naw tomorrow, he was just getting most of my stuff
where r u???? Can't find u did u move to europe
Bunked hard as a bitch this weekend wit my nigga kushh
nothing really.. it's the weekend :) hehe and you?
Want to dine with us tonight? To reserve a table please give us a call (414) 225-0000
You're welcome, Lauren. Hope your holidays were amazing! We should talk sometime soon... =D
At school , woke up 10min ago , was gonna be late so I came in my pjs lmao. Oh godd I look like ishhhhhhhh , oh well !
it was awesome meeting you!
: hey boo
I'm cheering for the Wirehair Dachshund!!!
does anyone else hate the indian people that take calls for companies? i can't understand them!! AHH i just wanna fix my computer!
People complaining on twitter about people that complain on Facebook about people complaining all the time.
hahahahah its funny because it is
Why didn't we take any receivers? I guess they plan to confuse other teams with Smith and Heap running routes at the same time?
It is awesome the patio rocks! : LOL shire-licious!! I have not but it has to be the best atmosphere for a restaurant e ...
I had a great weekend, but now I'm so tired! I'm going to sleep amazingly tonight.
#oomf really needs to stop voxering me
hope you have a great time in Edinburgh. Try the whiskey museum on the royal mile. Was great 20 years ago!!
Oh Whitney when you where great you where the greatest. Some of the best 80's tracks ever and one hell of a movie along the way.
Last day of school then exams :) that makes me smile
Long but great day #onset yesterday for "Secret Life of Walter Mitty"
Stretching out
shallow lady friend asked what she should throw away in her closet
you were dead on with that first question. How can he follow rules in office if he cant follow simple rules of marriage?
Jackson's symphonic #band is on the coach bus and headed down to Champaign!
actually lol I have the tattoo :P
Upstairs working composing a choral piece, hearing my wife composing her songs downstairs.
Thank you Tumbledown Mountain, you rocked my world.
Paraguay is believed to be the world’s largest producer of marijuana.
#iusedto care about what people would say about me but then i realised im better then they are
thanks for tuning in and tweeting out :-)!
That would have been my childhood dream. We spent summers about an hour south of LBI, but i wanted to live there year-round.
put yer back into it!!
where's Russell the muscle these days? would be nice to have tonight
the wife and I thought someone in production was screwing around with the logo - #space and sex - apparently not! Great idea
bark did you stay home too?
oh wait, nevermind! I thought you didn't watch it. Haha & what happened on it?
Imma do my best though >.<
Or else they're just catchy as hell. There's that possibility.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
if I had a super power, I would have the power to Teleport
Now listening to #Ready by I'm ready for love, I'm ready for love!!!!!!!
I agree. It is September, I would like cooler temperatures. I am so tired of excessive heat.
Sound surrounds us - and nourishes us - and sometimes annoys us. Come join in it's celebration! www.celebratesound.org
Be sure to tell you nephew: he can now get pints to go from Stock up to dorm freezer!
how do these songs kill the mood????
#NP Madman by
. on Chelsea Lately is all kinds of epic win!!
thanks for the RT!
stole that shit from you nasty!
Time to see how the dolphins are gonna screw up this draft
thanks for enjoying and we appreciate all the tweets
ha! We were kinda dressed alike last night! I wonder if we'll match again tonight??? Lol
Maybe that's why they're in those sad situations, not everyone makes well-thought decisions
its all good to wanna work out for your new year's resolution, but don't take it too far...baby needs back;)
hates me :(
#2012c19 That's one of Pete's talents: making lots of things sound like Whitman. As interesting as Whitman.
i saw that tease on Today... How old are we?
She stuffs her bra with toilet paper, and she wantsta call me fake?
I just finished a 2.52 mi run with a time of 28:07 with Nike+ GPS.
Hernandez just jacked that dude up.
: Time to put presser on Walker! He should resigen.
truu where at?
Who the fuck is this motherfucking chola you guys talk about!!! lol
"good thing he's single because I'm gunna climb that like a tree"
Thank you! in good company!RT
We are more alike then you may think.
Just recorded legendary Kiwi Keith Quinn's bit for the Oranges at Halftime exhibition. Good stuff! www.orangesathalftime.co.nz
There has gotta be a better way
Shut the fuck up, seriously.
Freaking Fantastic
RT In 20 years there will be no phones. [Says voice capab. will be part of devices; phones already more than just phones.]
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers. By far the hardest job on the planet. Blessings to all.
Floyd got Justin Beiber out there holding his championships belts
How r the Tweettows!!=D
the music biz is moving the way we need it. Its a process but fun.
Snack between the nipples.
Same here, we were trying to make a tumblr for Mahone. But someone already made the account and they don't even use it -.-
drop everything you're doing, and come visit your favorite band. nuf - is fun spelled backward.
Join us for a cardio boot camp infused with Thai boxing and extreme abs every Mon/ Wed 8 p.m. w/ Marcelo Melo
And now you're like me? Bought so many you can't keep up or find enough shelf space? :)
raw was good last night :-)
Super troopers best opening scene haha # candybars
the Elite 8 is GREAT!!!!!
Oh & btw, for those that don't believe me on the Jefferson quote I used? Look it up, from a letter to Dr Ben Rush dated Sept 23, 1800 :)
That's very cool
She lived an extraordinary life and I'm sure she misses you. You got to know her due to your persistence in making the film.
Closing AUDJPY short scalp. Really testing my reversal theory.
UPDATE 3-PJM secures capacity at base price of $136 per MW
Apart from the human rights abuses and being corrupt dictator, best part of Kim Jong Il dying is the new twitter account
Thanks for participating today in the class. Best of luck!
my client meeting went well!! I'm so excited to make this dress!!
My pleasure! We like to support startups with great ideas at
=) glad to hear you like our music! Thank you =) spread the word tell all your friends! <3
I hate it when its that time of night when my TL dies
just got home :) hope everyone's having a great friday night :)
looking good Deena
1/2 lb. House Ground Sirloin, Sautéed Mushrooms, Muenster Cheese, Arugala, and a Horseradish Aioli on a Kaiser roll. Soup? Potato Bacon, yo!
Thanks For Following! (: xx
Already? WOW. Ha ha.
New drug to combat asthma symptoms A new drug has been found to significantly reduce asthma symptoms caused by common colds in the first
I need to find a good twitter app bcuz #tweetcaster on my iPhone dnt give notifications n #echofon dnt have twitlonger smh
Good morning all. Today is a new day. Yesterday is gone & tomorrow is not promised. Don't let yesterday's problems ruin your today. -Kara
when are u going to learn?!!!
Anyone tryna let me get in on they Netflix account lol. Wanna see what my phone can do
Hey everyone visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have awsome specials going on right now on your favorite toys and games.
Randy Bass offers excellent suggestions for T&L at Educause's #MARC12. Can IT give students the voice of authority?
babygirl what you doing with that? you might hurt somebody lol...
Now I Just Need To Find Out What Song I'm Gonna Use For My New Piece
ugh got called to work :(
I beez in the trap!
Wendell Anthony's mother got robbed and Detroit police did nothing.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.
Awesome! Tyrese! RT'd it a few times! :)
nothing much, playin street fighter. Enjoying my night. And you?
I wanna uh uh uh uh uh undo it!
#TGIF! Share your weekend plans with us and you never know, you may win a free #Scorzie!
That performance on #thevoice was amazing c:
What do you have to say about THAT?
But I trust in your unfailing love. I will rejoice because you have rescued me. (Psalm 13:5 NLT)
Well, I haven't written at all today... but I addressed ALL of the wedding invites & spent way too much money at macy's & sephora.
We'd love to feature u as a deal on Promoted to 20k students in San Diego. Interested?
I have never seen so many VW buses. Only in #Portland!
My pleasure always! 30% off. M
STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLFRIEND!!!!
same here man...
Watching this, just reminds me you're one day closer to leaving..
....staffers to embed themselves in communities that can serve up scoops & distribute finished stories,...
.'s Delia Pompa is testifying tomorrow at 10am EST in front of the House Ed and Workforce Committee. Follow along for live tweets!
you should def post a video of that. also you should have no shirt on. RT : Moving on these crutches is one hell of a workout
Johnny Depp on Ellen today, my bby!
A holding fee is a good thing !
#WTFWasYouThinking when you touched my face b*tch?! -,-
Love ain't hard to find ppl just picky
Every time I watch an #Xmen movie I feel as though I have mutant powers. Until that emergency room visit.
yes, but impt research, hope they'll track 'new' UK #poverty amng women & men by race, culture, orientation, & disability status
But really, when are you getting in to SD? We fly in Weds afternoon if I'm remembering correctly. Maybe mid-morning?
<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> gotta love the
Yes, from school - no advanced classes offered in summer. So working on my app(s), working retail, and trying for an IT job
I wish I was seeing Obama right now with my momma and bro
I hear your follow and RTing everyone what about me?:D
Hell Yeah! GO FLYERS!!!!
Carnivores: Go vegan! Try southern fried chik&#39;n
Never let someone else's impression of you ruin your image of yourself.
. Nope. But thanks for asking. cc
We just finished an amazing podcast! Look for it this Friday.
RT: Gentlemen:: You should never let ur woman feel insecure.. Actually ..Ur job is to be their security ..
is there anyone at my school that doesn't smoke pot. seriously I'd like to know.
Some guys just confuse the F outta me. Whatever it was is over, but one follows me on instagram, another on 4square. WTF? It's done!
oh well, you have to. :) 30 school days left though.
!! RT“: I want it all that's why I strive for it”
me and the rest of the 12th man nation say welcome to the Sea-fense.
I can only be what the Most High wants me to be, Damn society
Me: Peanut butter and Jelly please. Hannah: Peanut butter and Chili?!?! ...yes Hannah, chili...HAHA
Message me. :-)
I have a feeling u won't c this, but if u do, can I get a hi or an "Be ICONic"?
So do we! What fun it was to have the #BlogTourNYC bloggers in our showroom!
My girlfriend is the best, one day I am going to marry that girl. Hope I don't screw it up.
I love you so much* You're my idol & I listen to your songs everyday and you are soo hot it's crazy! Follow me please?! 1D<3
Every time I watch old episodes of Law and Order:SVU, I die inside...Chris Meloni on True Blood so soon!
Simsimi app is to hilarious! I said suck my cockiness her response lick my pussyyation
Holy cuss words, batman
looking at my new cute little black shoes. Excited to wear them Monday if it doesn't snow.
Learning to play the piano!
Strawberry Fields Forever
Some loser wants to knock me out with his water bottle
feed your head
Yes I am 20 almost. I hate flushing the toilet in the dark and seeing myself in the mirror. Ive always hated it. Lol
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!!<33
oh I know! Your that one girl I use to see at my friends house right!?:)
Wat a day today
I should start calling my walks with Toni runs instead.... How did this puppy get so strong?? What am I feeding her??
#40thingsaboutme 37. Someday, I want to move far away from home...
#YouKnowWhat , You'll Thank Me Later
Are you in the Dallas area? :)
On The Phone <3 love her:)
Today is national honesty day.. Tweet me how you feel or no?
yeah that would be awesome. Sorry we missed the celebration also. Let's do something in the next week or so?
Last i knew he 'Inhaled" and stoned himself a few times!!
Nope! Oct. 28th-30th. I ask because duke said he & his dad might be taking their bikes, so I would take mine & we could all ride
I'm starting to think that Google needs to kill off Google+ now before it kills them. The experiment failed. Move on.
We currently only offer the Swing GUI version as a Free Edition but I did have plans to offer a Web GUI Free Edition in the future.
Welcome new follower! :)
“: No I won't be, who would ever want to do that??? RT : Will you be dressed as a Stormtrooper?” HarryP!
somebody call 911 , shawty fire burning on the dance floor .. Whaooaoaoaoa
Its funny when u burp and taste something totally different than what you ate that day!
wishing that a certain person would realize how much he loves her but really need her to understand him.
I know...right? The cat claimed the chair.
Havin Alot Of Friends Dont Mean Much To Me, Id Rather Have 4 Quarters Than 100 Pennies..
iBooks2 Author appl can read keynote files. Combine to create interactive content.
Ahh the promise of a new day (and #bloodies and #mimosas).
Victoria Azarenka takes Qatar Total Open ladies tennis championships title
#Landscaping can add as much as 15%to the resale value of a building and speed up its sale as much as six weeks
Family bbq's are awesome :)
Money don't sleep that's y I hardly get sleep
Love Your Background<333
Hey love, im not going to bed yet but if you are i wanted to say goodnight :)
yep! Rocking disney all over the place. Been almost 2 years! Do you guys have season passes?
I hadn't even noticed! TV lights make it look blonde!
It's almost noon! Time for Paula Time!
“: i get hella bands, hella bands don't i baby gul” Louie!
Why do i care what career my classmates are going for? I want to get on #tumblr .___. & not sit through stupid powerpoints.
This is the only show thats cool enough to open and close a segment with ICE CUBE rappin.
I need to find cute 1/2" single flared plugs so I can stretch my ears again.
When I watch bbw I be in a fighting mood.
YES finally done :D
rap sick
RT : Saw a few newer breeds incl Bergamasco Sheepdog. I nearly fell over him thinking he was a brown rug!...
Man watching #BSRracebday at start. "you only got 10 miles to go."
: how do you keep up your energy!
Nobody cry but there's a tiny (o)possum on the loose on campus I just saw leering at people on McClintock.
Thanks for including me in The Stuff!
Please disregard my previous tweet(s). I may be drunk.
": don't expect things to happen. it's better to feel surprised than feel disappointed." RT real Talk!!
great advice! #smartsistah !
mentioned migas in a recent review of Meztizo I think. Never seen it anywhere personally
Tonight feels a lot like Christmas. I hope I can sleep.
any suggestions on what to make sure to include when speaking about commercial hops?
night hope my crew and ur crew meet soon!
Gonna buy Dress for My Mock Interview after school. 2 more Weeks till my mock interview.
It is a beautiful day!!! Have a wonderful weekend!!! We will be back to see you all on Monday!!
I hate when ghetto chicks call other chicks ghetto.
I'm screwed! Can't find my top secret decoder ring dongle thing that let's me log into work's network.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 36
and we still have smarties.....want some? I am drowning in candy :-)
Yes! Game on! RT : #ucbrunch are students able to connect gaming consoles &other media players to UC's network via Ethernet?
Iknww 3people that are always there for me : , , and iloveyall ' so much <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E20C><U+E329>
Haha. You won't be jealous when you see the photos to come out of NATO since I am required to work. No me gusta.
Check out our you tube channel - search SIMboston. We use it for member recruitment & website content
A very happy Spring Break to all you CU students...have fun & be safe!
Vending machines are very dangerous!
Currently in Taipei, where I'll be hanging out for another 5 hours before my flight to Thailand...
Learning guitar is what I give up every day yet struggle through every week.
At my cousin graduation !!"
Anyone in the US Bancorp tower tomorrow. Stop in and say hi, we're taking a bed to the travel show!
wow the blue line sucks today. R u fixing the track or is it just worn thru? What happened to all the renovations u did in 2009?
Local Appliance Repair Company, AM PM Appliance Repair, is Now Offering All Customers a Five Year Warranty on All ...
Thanks!!! So sweet!
Hahahaha, only if you can stomach the idea of her reading and enjoying ; ) it
Given the evidence of our collective history, I can finally understand the desperate need to believe in an irrationally forgiving God.
Just got a call from Toys R Us. :)
No use crying over spilt milk.
This guy know how to use Twitter - - followed anyone tweeting the #ISCW12 hash & offered deals (kinda spammy, but effective)
Damn that's a great day!!
What's wrong?
Our beloved doorman Andrew's last night is tonight. Stop in and give him a hard time!
Do you think its possible to make professional quality demos with a home studio setup? What are the most important elements in doing this?
What's Kahlish's status?
fleener “: Vikings take Harrison Smith. So who do you think, 49ers fans: Fleener, Hill, Randle, Silatolu, Other?”
what it do...chrishun! where you been?
awesome! 14 u?
MRNG PEOPLE, HAVE A MEETING TDY W/SECURITY CO. PRAYING THAT IT CAPTURED FOOTAGE FRM FRI THEFT, WILL POST UP ANY IMAGES FRM THE THEIF!!!!
that's pretty scary haha :)
you going?
I dropped my phone in the darkroom and my phone screen is cracked.
Clean windows at Multi-tech, how about your office or store?
Are you guilty of having a sweet tooth? If so, what¡¯s your favorite sweet food?
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do.
yes. But I feel sad for him a little bit
I'm glad I helped expand your food choices (because we all know you need to ;) ) RT : since The Boarder Cafe!
If I tell you the answer I'll cheat you of a learning experience.
can u follow back plz thanks
RT : M*A*S*H, Altman's classic #comedy #film at 7pm #FREE 900 16th St
Smoke my feelings away!
Wow that is so cool! Yes, I showed many Shambhala images before she got going on my design. Glad it resonated :-)
Thanks for the follow, Coach. Hope all is well!
I like it like that! Hey windows down, chillin with the radio on!
#BLACKBIKEWEEKENDMYRTLEBEACH ARE YOU GOING??
Thanks for the follow! Happy designing.
I am not a happy camper.
Working toward my dream everyday.
best of Luck with your presentation ;-)
Today at lunch i was craving fried chicken
w.e
Lol Thank You
Big easy tonight at 6! Be there!
I want to try a peppermint mocha frapp. from starbucks. (:
I have dog walking training Friday. We should team up to volunteer.
have to be there to find out!
right!! :D
i think that little fact depends on who you are hugging
Just home from Albufeira in Portugal. Absolutely amazing holiday!
I like you. No diggity... Whatever that means lol
Lights, Camera, Action - Upward Motion Personal Training’s On-Line Video Channel Exercise Video Line-Up
If you guys haven't yet done it. Please follow me on my new Twitter . Even al my little beliebers. Thanks!
Hold onto your words because talk is cheap.
Super excited for a late night dinner with one of my favorite girls ever. Thankfully we are leaving the girls at home!
Yea I know it is...smh crazy
I agree bro, u look ready rep for Detroit on 'em fuck what they talking bout
sunday night dinner with the family, then sunday TV and off to work in the morning... even though its my day off...
People spend 500 billion hours a month on Facebook.
Tired of having him wake up at 3AM. I suspect it's because he's getting a "meaty" nap in the afternoon.
Puttin them hours in
RT : New Blog: My Review of The Biblical World from // Check it out!
Thanks for that... glad to see some people can still spell!
Happy happy joy joy!
Yay! How awesome...so happy it's gonna happen. Congratulations!
Good luck !RT : Going to see if I can find hubby's dad this morning
Who's excited for 4.5 hours worth of meetings today!? HAPPY WEDNESDAY TO ME!
thanks for following - i'm good and u?
At the Fillmore waiting for Beach House to hit the stage!
mw3 tip of the day:wen going for a M.O.A.B use specialist for all of the perks
I miss you :(
It's not hard to find online. Glad you liked the review!
Hope all you hydrobikers are having a happy holiday! Don't forget, our holiday light tours run until January 1st! :)
In the studioo
LMFAO, you're funny.
probably a stop watch. Possibly a tape measure.
the online hostility towards people who have moved to austin never ceases to amaze me. seems to go against what i think makes austin great.
Can't even breathe my allergies are so bad
are pig ears vegan?
All that I know is I'm breathing.
Lol no prob :p RT : I forgot the font part lmao thanks
God made wrist for the SWASS watch...
cool! look forward to your post.
a hazelnut latte is what I like to call: my shrink in a glass, my sunshine in rain, my eclipse in the Sahara & my daisy during winter.
Worked 12 hours today :/ Came out with $360 though!! Now at ihop with the crew. Can't wait to go to sleep!!
Get my alerts -- text TSERVICE to 41411. Pls RT! TService- improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
They the best team in the country.
I just received instructions for a spot that said, "I know the script is long, just read it fast." What have we become?
Reading blogs for 4 hours probably wasn't very productive. is like digital crack
Stay at it friend. tenacity is more important than opportunity, differentiation, intellect, or innovation. You can bank on it.
Dinner time and then a glow in the dark Easter egg hunt tonight with the little ones. God bless
Kobe Bryant is just a winner.
Looking forward to speaking at on April 18th and meeting club pres
Nervous about being on tv tonight.
You ran the wrong way? As long as you ran as fast as you could, it's ok…
Follow to hear about indigenous people's issues. She is live-tweeting from the UN Forum on Indigenous Issues.
I Love You Forever Hubby.. :)
Whole new game as #Bruins continue to control the play since calling the timeout. Marchand = Waterbug
I CAN'T WAIT <333.
Finally got my pay check from oakley they took forever !!!!! Now time to go back to work 2morow wohoo
are you with AC?
Market noisy, lots of people, Shopping list arugula pesto, pears, spinach,
Thinking of those who lost their lives on 9/11.
Sports Center just tweeted ! So cool!
I love the boys that dont ask whats wrong, they just put their arm around you and say "Im here for you"
Great to see 's student groups come out for #SACFair. We'll be here for 2 more hours!
Being a model is not easy! But I like it!
Discover the beauty and wonder of the universe in the seed of your own heart.
please, they were hooligans and not canucks fans, and it happened a year ago. haters seriously don't know when things get old
All these girls concern about my life
Watching "Pumpkin Head 2"
My mom gon send me to firehouse to get her food smh lol
Nyjer breaking out the beast in the 1st... nice!
//thanks! hope you and your fam are well!
Please follow me pleas
Best thing to happen at the #SuperBowl? Yes, I got a free pizza by getting the coin toss from Papa John's. My dad won too.
It's my pleasure. :)
nashville is awesome! You will love the Music City! Live music pretty much everywhere.
Really? No one can explain why the Magic are struggling? Have those people seen Chris Duhon play? He isn't a top 50 NBA PG and is starting.
going to have mcds for dinner
and classic PR rings true. promotion work (like mentions about local events or charities) help your performance and relevance...
Hey, are you coming to DC to promote the Johnson book?
#PopcornFlix, our #appofthday, will keep you watching. Hold the butter!
I am doing phone screens with the game on. I have warned each one that I may all of a sudden curse out loud.
PS - thanks for the RT. I hope you'll come by.
A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are.<U+FFFD> - Alain de Botton
Real friends do not compete with each other and not envious, but help and genuinely happy for each other ...
Mark Miles: The rally cry ought to be rebuilding the urban core.
"You must be feeling better today. Your hair looks so much cuter than it did yesterday." - My loving coworker...
Finally watched basketball wives that ish is wack
Chicken wings at 10AM for the #Husker game!
-- we're at at #tech4d discussion. Would like to learn more about #afi forum & #afi growth prize!
thank you! And yes, I do. My SPSS training is going to come in handy!
Hair Dyeing-make your own fashion statement
u do it every day jkay
is a badass.
In TX? Oy.
RT : Every life has good and bad in it; store the good memories and discard the bad. Life will be full of love and light.
Stressed me the hell out dude
How will the new OFCCP regulations affect how you source talent, and engagement, communication, and teamwork in the workplace?
this is getting ridiculous! someone end this game! Someone has to score sometime...
Jim Neal: closing thought, r we facing terminal or phyletic extinction?
I hate waking up this early! It rained in my car cuz I left the window down and I had to chase the school bus! Ugghh it's one of them days
Ive decided i am going to cut my bangs straight across and put some blonde in em(:
NOW O'S... WHO GOTTA BETTA BULLPEN? OH YEAH!
dude can we make it this weekend just to eat the shit out of it!! Haha
let's hope so.
whenever you like my dear!
Hey! Ppl I am bck go follow and
Stay Single! No one tells you what to do- simplify your life
Thanx 4 the mention!JoannaMarple U R Awesome! So nice to meet you in the SCBWI LinkedIn group discussion. :)
Ale's going over to kims & they said they'll try c:
Always wit my eyes on the east .......
What a group you put together man...should be a great show
Totally understand! These are busy days!
haha was it the unholy trinikitty!?
Date night at Cholon....perfect!
So much fun!!!
Sounds awesome. On list now! Thanks for info
It's not so bad.. Lol I'd like to chill. Tired of hanging out with the same people.
#ShigekoTweetsFrom1976 “: #orphans8 "JONAS, WOULD YOU LIKE TO HAVE A VIDEO SHOW?"”
old england pictures
Sigh... i hate reading this book
pff..Drew, I only rock the oldies! C'mon man
I CAN NOT STAND YOU. YOU ARE SO ANNOYING AND YOU HAVE A HUGE BOBBLEHEAD.
For all the bitching and complaining I've been doing about this new webapp, I've just got to say that I'm incredibly pleased with it now.
Looking for #guestblogger! Let me know if you are interested!
Still need Cola #6? I'm in Logan Sq til 10am, then back around 1 or 2. can drop somewhere for you
Me and skem high as fuck off this super. Watching Harold and Kumar go to white castle and we bout get some Hardee's.
Thanks for the RT!
Have you a brain? Do not strain it too much, for the results are awful.
Wine Tasting 101: Use your eyes, nose, palate, mouth. Sight: Discuss color, clarity, brilliance, viscosity and rim variation.
It's hard to watch your blood fall before you. And willing to fight for what is wrong.
"Don't give up. Don't ever, give up". Jimmy Valvano
me and my girlfriends been talking abt it. We all agree we'd run out the door for some gourmet coffee delivery!
Alright rios be the hero
Just turned the heat on for the Sunday school class next to us
many times it seems a woman doesn't want to drive her own car so she'll ask if I want to drive it
Shout to for the follow
Sunday papers done. Thank god.
For ea. mention of hashtag #beatcancer, eBay/PayPal & MillerCoors will donate .01 to breast cancer research, cool. Not a hoax. (via )
So you guys won't be cosplaying as the Ponds, then?
Ugh haomework is hard!
that always works for me! Lmfao.
im hungry and cranky. and doing a project. bad combo. YIKES.
Enjoying my day off!
": #Pisces don't like people challenging their authority"
You know you're a librarian when you dream about databases.
live Sportlandia starts in 10 minutes, live from the Blazers practice facility! www.trailblazers.tv
Happy Veteran's Day Everybody! I'm very proud to have served my country in the Navy! Enjoy the Holidays my fellow Veterans. U deserve it!
Great - but the guy's got a brother living in a #Kenyan HUT on $1/day. As a MULTI-MILLIONAIRE why hasn't HE fed HIM!?
Disagree with using twitter during a webinar, tho -- distracts from the webinar itself. Better for post-webinar discussions.
He can get it ;)
Glad your on here Weasel! Now I can talk shit to you on here!
it better be hot out because I'm gonna wear swim suit top, tank top, and shorts lol and work on my tan!
High School
#LosTules today. I'm over Manny's.
thank you! I I know that Dani tends to worry about things she doesn't need too.. so when I am stressed & worried I try to hide it
Yay! Thanks! Will e-mail ya tonight
All these OL still left from the Ravens board...please go get somebody Oz!
looking forward to a weekend full of sun, paschal joy and tedious accounting.
#WHAT? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : Radom fact: I never been to Starbucks
vitamin that is!
I figured out how to make a drop cap in #CSS. Only took two days!
im so bored has hell lol
It went through finally. Thanks.
What are you doing?
3 months before IVF....I wonder if doing it just the month before IVF will help me at all? Any thoughts on btb IUI and IVF?
hell yeah brother....its good...although.....no Michael Scott...but it gets interesting
Thanks. I'm doing much better tonight. I might be all cried out but that's something.
now that you've helped me by posting those T3 video tweets can you steer me to finding out how to utilize twitter?
Hi Don! Thanks for your great words today. A reporter from the Christian Post would like to get in touch with you at 3 pm today.
Congrats to clevelands own homies a bad boy now time to make history LACE UP
I hope you win that too - I'm going for the Ms. Martha's and the Versatile's corsets.
tombstone. Classic
Mccormicks & schmicks in manhattan beach is the best restaurant ever.
#Imagine Fingering your pussy<3
We are looking for one band on Friday and one for Saturday. Email if you need a place to play this weekend.
I got some good collabs coming up for you all this summer too!! =)
#wheniwaslittle I told myself I would never fall in love....that changed summer of 2010 <\3
Oh man!! You girls are crazy!! Then to my house right after Night Strike??
#Wynwood & #DesignDistrict area we will be out & about tomorrow.Stay tuned throughout the day for our location! #Friday#Artsie#Coolhaus#Fix!
puts the love in his last name. Congrats, sir.
Swes teacher person Drake has so much swag
UK had a 24 game winning streak until they lost to Vandy add the 3 wins since. Hence 27 of 28.
Just found a Tiger Blood T-shirt for my husband at Hot Topic! Awesome!
Bed Bath and Beyond is like totally stalking me right now.
What time yall shootin up there
You gain 15 lbs when you go to college and 30 after you graduate
tarea mat :s
that's what she said...
Just figured out my genre: roadhouse postrock crooner.
What will it take to get some #Crew96 news on the airwaves during local news?
I'm in love with Joey write!!!
I agree! :) I bet they do see us mentioning them lol
Looks like you have the hang of it!
Chillin w/ Moe, its been a minute.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
how the fuck u gotta instagram? U don't have an iPhone?
This movie is so dumb.
me either. I will honestly be ecstatic with a C. Come to bdubs for beer and wings.
Just came from a lunch briefing by Rep. #Capuano. He thinks "sequestration" is likely.
Um, its at least 80 degrees in Atlanta. Please tell me why you have on a "fur" coat?
wow abby, forget I even said anything. (haha)
Pathetic performance by #tuowls....how do you plan on competing in the big eat with that awful play.
you guys are amazing:) I wish you, , and rest of the boys could stop in Indy one day. Love your faces:P!
Feelin like shiii at work! At least im done at 1 # GotPaid
Let it be known that likes to see old man balls.
Shouldn't you be working!
My lil cousin Sydney got accepted to Yale and today Harvard accepted her too. I'm so proud of you cuzzo! Congrats!
Its not looking good for the lockout, that's for sure. We'll try and turn this into a poll soon.
yeah i just thought you would do that hahaha ..
Yolanda needs to go get aids and die.
thanx! i made it out good lol :P
Perhaps if we break out "duh!" a little more often during job/title/role explanations, it will magically seem simpler?
Check out our new series! #AmericaRevealed is hosted by Yul Kwon-a “Survivor winner, and uncovers what makes America work. At 9p on MPTV 10.
#sxswmygrocerystore Hardly a parking space in sight. Cant keep the Dos Equis on the shelf. Retro throwback band "Frankie Valli"[sp?] playing
I think I might cry when/if James Gaisford tweets me lol
bouta attempt to take a nap
Must be the Quality content RT : Well, look at that. Another slashdotting for one of the articles at
It all starts to feel the same as it ticks away.
You can't really spoil ME3. You can live, you can die, you can choose any # of endings. My problem is with the execution.
you remember?
Got a fn speeding ticket right before my trip to Miami, awesome
Anyone else up late watching the Mets - Marlins game?
Continue to smile and do good works
Just got home nd my mom had corundas waiting for me (:
I Love You =)
is watching If God is Willing and the Creek Don't Rise. Deep stuff....seems to me the cops in new orleans were commiting most of the crime.
He's not the first great athlete to have that problem.
those on motorcycles often have a badass "make my day" look. Those on bikes tend to look happy. A "have a nice day" look?
Thank you for being our 600th follower!
Net Impact '10 underway. First up, Bill McDonough.
more followers! chop chop! follow me and Also, add me on youtube at SuperAlexandertheMan. and tumblr
RT Great to see (National Park Foundation) getting into the Valentine Day mood with "I <U+2665> Parks" icon!
If you didn't believe it after last week, it is now official. The #chiefs are screwed. Drink up
Too cold to wait for a taxi? Have your personal driver pick you up instead? First Time? Use promo code TWITTER2010 to get a 50% discount!
RT : We were last in San Francisco in February 2010. We're back, at ! Doors 7 / 8 / Fanfarlo 9
But I won't be gone for to long.
Way to wake up with 5 minutes left. Brain-numbing hockey for 55 minutes, but it's exciting now! Will #Bruins lock up a playoff spot tonight?
I have NO IDEA why?! ibchbcce :3
Imma hit up michal later my phone about to check
A big 'thank you' to the co-worker who spilled dill pickle juice INTO my bag of yogurts. That was a nice, sticky, stinky afternoon surprise.
. . . thinks we should closely examine our own views of corporate involvement in the university. Reframe as "humanizing" X and Y.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
there's a lot of traffic right now and the site is a bit backed up.... emails should reach you soon, within a couple hours
Matt Ryan doesn't look so good when he's pressured. Just sayin'
Correction UNC officially forfeits 2008 Coach Jags BC record was 22-6. What do you think of that ? Go
So whose going to #GDC?
it's new
Thank you for a fun and productive week in Germany!
nailed it. RT A3: Do not confuse Perception and need for approval. Trust your gut.
Smokin is bad for you lol
its gorgeous out there!
You're awesome and you should follow me :D
mine just had one last September. 5 extractions. Not sure what's going on but hoping for the best. Vet rec'd by neighbors.
At least I absolutely LOVE Inna!!! HA! people can't hate on her.. why hate on her? You can't! That's just it!
happy new year babe
Instead of looking at it as as an 'audition' start seeing it as an 'OPPORTUNITY'. Helps takes the pressure OFF!
Yeah, I thought so to and couldn't find it anywhere. Don't see any of the postgames from the weekend. Thanks!
oh so u just gonna back out this marriage now?? its my last weekend here too lol
well you better figure it out
ur welcome I need help
IM SO SLEEPY!!!!
Now that's funny! I will miss u too!! LOL
are you on santa fe tonight?
Remembering that crazy driver Neal Cassady today
World Series > Colts game But: Colts game w Payton Manning > World Series
Nah you look good.
Me and are gonna be at Sunrise mall for a lil while with the May 3rd R5 tickets and June 29th Jonny Craig tickets.
thanks! for sure RT : gonna b an AWESOME week for juice!! I'll have to stop by!
Listen live on KHFM. We will be on air talking about The Spanish Room!
I look some much better w/o glasses on which makes me wonder if its glasses that make me look ugly or if its that i can actually see myself
It is Breast Cancer Awareness Month! Come get your hair done and support the cause. We have specials all October!
Zoo-bee-zoo-bee-zoo.
First 5th grade book club meeting today. Any suggestions for books to read with them?
bush isn't here to blame for Obama's troops posing w/corpses. But dead terrorists are the best kind to photograph right?
please read my dm *fingers crossed* <3.
If u make sure u hit up #RestlessRascals & check it out
Police Station toilet stolen: cops have nothing to go on
and don't forget montel
All I get are colors bars - page reloaded, tried multiple browsers...
Grime! where are you running?
Thanks for the mentions! :) Happy Halloween.
lol haha I'm half way there homey!
To many whores on all of these social networking sites I'm getting nauseated
what is this slang? You leave for another state and you come back an instant rapper.
And there goes the game for the Yankees, Robertson gives up 4 runs in the 9th... SMH
Hey guys. I'm just a regular dude born w a God given talent. So forgive me for my normalities. Wasnt born in a golden basket raised by kings
:) of course! I saw y'all singing good to be bad at the KCA's everyone else is there for BTR and 1D lol
Great answer. What do you think of the exhibit so far? Favorite artifact or story?
hahahah yea probably :/
Huge if he fell to Pack be don't think he will RT : Does Konz continue to slip? Packers
lol No most people don't deserve em
In 1994 I bought my first gay CD. It was Endless Summer.
The prob w urban public transit: if you work in the burbs it takes you an effing year to really learn the system.
Bruins-Caps, Blues-Sharks both getting ready to head into OT.
oh geez haha ..... Hope my parents don't see this ;p haha
Us too... RT : Listened to Pearl Jam/Cameron Crowe doc on driving home. I was a socially awkward 12 yr old again.
April 8th, 2012 RT if you know what that means.
Finished working the Bagel sale at work, now time to actually do some work. Happy Friday!
Flowers, chocolate-dipped strawberries or schmaltzy cards? Nope. I'm psyched about DOING NOTHING for Mother's Day.
Who doesn't love October? Especially since Halloween is right around the corner! RT
Talkin shot to me because I talked shit to your cousin, your petty
#np 'Make Love' Daft Punk
We have power! This will be our last night living in the Williamsburg Lodge. Beautiful hotel, but home is better.
Oh hell. If you're going that far you might as well make it Scotland.
ME! Thank god<3 it's the weekend finally! I have istep next week though... Poo.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.-Proverb
on pandora, FINALLY THESE HOARS PLAY SOME 1D . -.-
i c neg as ultimately there 4 positive evolution
S/o 2 ALL my new followers
Last full week of high school this week.... It's almost over
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex.
It's payday!! <U+E12F>
you don't understand we have been est since 2009 and we are COPYRIGHTED. Google Splurge Gang type Splurge Gang on youtube!
#findUW More clues, more opportunities to win big. Hey Badger hunters got out there for a last chance at some wicked awesome prizes.
Nighty night dolls
my little sister acts more manly than I do.
Forever young.
Lmao. U said u was cold. So am I.
and also thinks he should proofread more.
Me too I'm liking Ivan w/ his dreamy blue eyes. He could bite me anytime. lol
Library meeting today lasted 20 minutes and no public comment asked for! Hope no one was blinking or wanting a discussion!
why wait for winter? There's no time like the present!
Im back on twitter :)
Toddlers and Tiaras is trending!
Maybe you'll learn how to be black tonight, my daughter said at Baratunde Thurston's talk last night. Now she knows I have nothing to learn.
I need to go to sleep. Night
Heading to the Governor's Mansion for a Holiday Tour! Pictures to follow.
all I want to do is read hunger games in class right now but I also don't want to finish it. Haha it's so good
I (still) love radio.
Chillin' with Jamie, listening to shit on YouTube.
"Never confuse hope with a plan."
Just added it up, have flown almost 14000 miles in the past 4 months, should have gotten a frequent flier card or something
check the last picture I tweeted :)
Weekend lineup at Bounce Sporting Club. Friday Sounds by w/. Saturday: Ani Quinn
Clay St Denver TCC flavors of the month are...Caramel Spy & Summer Knockout! 100% of the proceeds benefits TCC Kids!
Headed from Springfield to Campo, CO today, which is about a 21 mile day.
yea bay am bout to now
25% off codes going out to those who RT this. Codes will be DMed to you and are only good till tomorrow night.
Audience comment: we should be thinking how to teach high-quality scholarly web writing for grad students: "the poetic tweet," etc.
Anytime! :) Happy Friday!!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Irish Potato Candy on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Q6 Break down the numbers. Know specifically how much debt you would have after 4yrs. Ex $75,000 vs $40,000
John Lennon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on this day in 1988.
These are great! What about #afterschool programs? Is there a place for them?
Saying yup is never a replacement for you're welcome
word on the street is we are getting our 1st big snow fall tomorrow! Love #Milwaukee winters... at least for the a month or so - drive safe!
canton is crazy
your brand helps build an emotional connection between your work and your customers
wonder what their first thought was this morning? Or what did they have for breakfast today?
My hair only grows bigger not longer
Why didn't #Brewers upgrade broadcast crew? Lol. Another year of bumbling. #Rock&BA
Nah I don't want it connected to Twitter or FB it will just cause spam.
haha nahh. just a kid who works in the same office as me. nbd :D
I am so excited for school to start! Life is getting back on track... been fun raging but now it's time for business. Watch out CHICAGO!
happy birthday!! :)
My son just texted me to tell me I will be in his heart forever & God is good all the time. A priceless gift indeed.
NYE with mom and Pitbull. Is this what I have in store for me when I have a kid at this time next year?
DM'ed you about the 9th. Getting ready to leave. Ciao bella!
Someone tweet me (: I'm bored /: nothing else to do.
Weather is getting weird
my spring break has officially started... #yay !
Good morning (:
i love little kids but once they turn 7 until they turn 12, i'm super impatient with them.
it did work! our goal was 3.5K and we raised 6K!! We leave in June for a month of research :) very grateful and humbled :)
The best kept secrets are The ones U dont have
need to quit work and focus on my bodybuilding career
Rock it Music Studios making its move from Greenpoint -> The Paper Box (in Bushwick/Williamsburg) today. Will be open in a couple days.
The thing about fell asleep way before your usual bedtime: now awake after midnight & chatting w/ folks from the other side of the pond
Your headed in the right direction, no doubt about that. I love the fact that you have so much pride in the city and state!
Let's Go Rangers! I like for the OT winner
Review the positive when adversity appears. If that is possible, you are #winning, if not, make
It's Wing Night! 38 cent wings all night and Attitude Adjustment Pricing until 9!
I'm going to throat punch you then twist you up just for dragging this out.
Mfs kills me
I want sum bar b que
sweet! There are a ton of people who work there that go to #marshill hope you get it!
Good morning! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE>
I Love You So Much! I Watched You On American Idol & I Still Lovee You! It Would Mean So Much To Me If You Followed Me Pleasee <3
Been a boss bitch on my
So I know that today is a popular birthday date. I also know that several (in)famous people were born.
I am so sorry kai
I'm at legroom tonight so i guess it's then lol!
I'm not proud of some of the things I have done.
The fashionistas love the black lace. Everyone else loves the poppy. Maybe all this indecision means I haven't found "it" yet
great car, Only issue ever was the idle control valve. I bought it from him when I had an e39, ever notice all BMW smell the same
- Looks very appetizing!
: I can't figure out what that spells. :S
really enjoying Exec Editor 's presentation on media tonight! Lots of great tips.
Bosa was son of BC player. BC never a factor RT 4-star DE Joey Bosa from Ft. Laud committed to Ohio St.
Don't faint, but I just folded a pair of undies right out of the dryer that were already right side out!
I'm babysitting up the street from you
The tents are up tonight at the Hudson River Cafe. The theme tonight "Little Black Dress". You already know! Ladies FREE til 12am w/LinxList
Thinking of all my friends that are currently kicking cancer's ass. Stay strong. The rest of us need to support the fight for a cure.
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because he or she has a place to fill. ~ Deepak Chopra
lol apparently to some people you are :-)
saw a 5 yrold kid get hit in face at minor league game last week. Dad sitting next 2 him. No glove. Just sayin.
Undersec. Anthony will also be on the tomorrow! Listen live at 12 noon on
Hey #singers - tired, damaged voice? Try reverse phonation: produce a quiet, clean vocal tone by sucking air in, instead of blowing out.
HvZMods FACT: feels like a plastic bag drifting through the wind.
The answer to Monday’s trivia question is..... Patti LaBelle & The Bluebelles!
Happy to, Laura. Best of luck!
Happiest of Birthdays to You!
And thank you to for writing such an awesome book.
cannot focus this morning. also, i think i finally found someone who tweets more than me- what up,
ok my friends are going to a place by school. You are more than welcome to come - I hear it's 20 for open bar ?
enjoyed myself
Totally. The #Yanks are going down, erm, we hope at least. Ha-ha.
RT 1 reason LAC still hv a chance: Paul/Griffin hv underwhelmed so severely that it's unlikely 2 continue (#Truth)
Oh yeah! :D Frienly rivalry is ok. But l dont want it to get serious lolz
so that means "Don't want to miss a thing" RT : , she's confirmed to sing Aerosmith
gotta take my black ass to sleep finna catch the Z real quick lol
but teams are out for them this yr even more than ly cause they know how lazy they get sometimes
AboutDesigners thanks for following me on Twitter!
The Shave Barbershop Call US 305-866-1940 Thank you For YOUR Bussines
Gonna kick some rear ends in Call Of Duty: MW3.... VETERAN STATUS... I got the purple hearts
Doing the 5 Boro Bike Tour this Sunday!
": Wonder what I'm doing tonight...."
I cant inbox u -.- Did u like unfollow me or somethin' ?
Don't lose all your pictures. email and documents because they aren't backed up! We can help! www.1to1riskcontrol.com
Haven't been on twitter for a few days! Missed everyone!!
I already was Kiking him we r getting to know each other
Love it!
My father told me that George had 3 albums worth of material ready by the time the Beatles broke up.
Nope. I'm still following?
. co-founder Brant Barton just announced new BV Media team focused on infusing WOM into paid media
It was so great seeing you, Rob and everyone! We had a great time!
never say never and have hope <3
i LOVE australian accents!
SBK, your too fat to go vegan. I bet you won't last 4 days.
I think I like #RaeLynn best... lets see what happens
What do you mean?
I finally know a lot of Spanish!
Say happy birthday to me and i will follow you! I PROMISE!!!
Im easy to talk to
Its time for fight for
So where do we go from here ?
okay, I'm sorry. Never again..
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> and on the weekends?
haha, yeah, we've contemplated the old Jack Daniels in the milk idea. Glad this is all just temporary. Good night!
The Kohl's Black Friday song/commercial is stuck in my head.
"my music on your head like hijab" -
finding out my hw is due next week not tomorrow
#Goodwill rocks. That is all.
I follow because of her solid leadership in our community. Thanks Debbie!
The most important thing you can do as a grown up is to still give a shit about the world.
DailyHookahTips #76: Some traditional shops will add rose water to the base to add a slightly floral note to the smoke.
I will have skype by the weekend!
"Studies find that people who are easily embarrassed are more trustworthy and generous." *That's me, I tend to get heart broken*
- - finally getting ready to watch #EatingOut #TheOpenWeekend. I cannot wait!! :)
That was the nicest sleep ever
aluminum foil is zero carbs but doesn't taste as nice as a tortilla.
U got all the questions. And I knw all the answers. I done took yo heart girl and hold it up for ransom... We Dnt Wanna NEVER END.
Rerun of The Unit I'm watching supposedly set at Pine Bluff Arsenal, Arkansas. That's so not Arkansas terrain!
True love always have there up and downs
mom came through with some starbucks <3
It gets annoying from time to time I gotta ignore her in order to let her know we friends and nothing more
Hahaha!! me too!! I actually liked #ScarJo here... I was actually #hating on the model that plays Fury's right hand... -_-
I'm looking for a strong technical SEO for full time contract. or message me with any leads.
Yeah you let me down this time
Wow, I've had to call authorities or 911 four times in the last 2 weeks. I'm ok...but really? FOUR TIMES??
Chicken nuggets! Ftw<3
never tell me about things like that.
yeah i guess time needs to be calculated...
Every patient should be a partner in medical decision-making. That can only be accomplished through compassion and respect
You're a lifesaver! Our wedding website is PERFECT for a destination wedding!
Thanks! Just my thoughts.
record for longest period w/out sleep: 18days, 21hrs, 40mins sideeffects: hallucinations, slurred speech & lapses sleep good
Spring weather is making it hard to stay inside and working on this computer...
"Age ain't nothing but a number, but I'm bad at math" lol this guy
We want pics of new kitty! And just how bit is 'enormous?
Best Rapper Award goes 2 .. wait, what year & era R we talking? #WeAllNeed 2 understand there's no J or drake w/o KRS/Rakim CBlow or GMFlash
. Stop making facebook and twitter have sex and pass their aids by copying and pasting statuses from facebook for tweets.
oh snaps maddog just shot j. j.
I expect a cake of a BMW logo from young donald when i come over this week.
don't need the jerk part, I go to your gym just to see you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>lol and we gotta plan another day!
really?! I need to find that tweet! Haha! I don't know if I can function now b/c if Niall has a tattoo, like Zayn and Harry <3
Im great
I have a cyst in my wrist. And I have runners knee and can't run or do stairs anymore
officially confirmed to write about The Hunger Games for In Media Res!
Heck yes.
#ThingsIHate; people who can't fight their own battles.
Big changes to announce soon
Mud beer? It's a bit nuttyRT : Thinking about doing the warrior dash, a nice way spend st. Patty's day.
Can't stay mad :-( no matter how much it hurts .
Happy (I'm not religious or have kids to give a fuck about) Easter!! Yay Egg hunt time!!
I'm not lying -_-
Yeah #49ers !!! Go for two.
Neighbors on flight SO excited for their vacation: I was happily skipping toward my next flight before I remembered: I'm on a work trip.
fuck up ho. grow some nut hair n take jokes.
Working on HSO , Health Sciences Online, optimizing page load speed. hso.info
HE'S ALLLLIIIIVVVEEEEE!
Baseball season has come to State Street. Hear the sounds of America's pastime this April on
#NFL The State of Texas, selecting 1st, has issued warrants for the arrest of Ryan Leaf, QB, WSU. Draft day festivities 2012
Playing around with some new song ideas. I know it's still kinda far away, but I am gonna love making album #2 when the time comes :)
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it. Dick Cavett
Yes! RT Nicely done! and others on the success of #TwestivalSEA benefitting great #Seattle org
“: great keep working hard, I put in some OT last night building my dream” <-THX u too!
ty. have done the same back. Catch you soon!
Time for some bubbles in the evening sun.
The words aren't much, but the meaning...
MAD TIGER!!!
Getting ready to tall tax policy to an OCU class with Senator David Holt, Glenn Coffee and Jonathan Small. Outnumbered but not outgunned
Get to our bout today if you're in town! If you're far away, check here for score updates later! HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!! GO SCDD!!!!
None of the kids in our country should have to struggle, thinking about how to get their next meal -
Happy Friday Love! We'd love to connect. Just visted your blogsite, love it! Looking forward to it
I only get 3 songs to perform at teenfest but I'll be ready to do this one if Mr Malloy ask me..
did it
True Story.
February Birthstone - Amethyst - Nitsa Rona's Labyrinth's Gold Collection
Pittsburgh traffic is nothing compared to other major cities' traffic but its still annoying
Plant City strawberry fest!
I felt it was appropriate. Haha.
Let me get back to you. We've got everything accessible through an Amazon S3 instance. Would that work?
Just woke upp
Drinking on that wine !!!
“: "There is no such thing as free money in philanthropic journalism. With money always comes an expectation." - #sxNotFuture ^th
car sold, time to find a place in Vancouver. Looking at west van kitsilano/ubc/granville areas.
Watching the austream :)
Mine was a lazy, lazy Sunday. Now I feel a bit guilty but it was fun while it lasted.
you in lex?
I'm sure there reading this during the match!
Back on twitter! So what's hot in music nowadays?
Diff between living in DC and PDX: Gen Mgr of DC office is wearing a suit jacket, my boss in PDX is wearing a Northface fleece.
It's Friday and gorgeous out.
I'm needing some new music... what's your favorite song right now?
Awkward IS........ going to a dinner party and realizing that everyone there works for the competition.
Why is year 10 r.e so much harder to get your head around than the year 11 one?.
but how do you resist eating them?! I want a cupcake.
“: RT : What inspires you? Tell us in three words with #Your3Words. We go live tomorrow!” Hearing good music!
good to know
Congratulations to our Spurs Ticket Giveaway Winner Bryan P. of New Braunfels, TX.
stole my face ^___^
"Barbie can do anything. Except like black magic...and bending at the elbows"
My mom makes the best banana bread..
pizza, nyquil, and red bull is a deadly combination, greg.
Thanks for a great event #Boston! Big-Data Code-a-thon
Thai Iced Tea tastes like what I imagine ground up cigars & sweet cream would taste like and it might be the tastiest thing I've ever drank.
SNL rerun with Katy Perry and Robyn. Amazing episode.
Finally school is out!! Time to embrace my inner fattie....
sad, just sad. Hockey?
I hate girls who call people names and bully peaple.
Stevie Wonder is a musical genius that I hope gen Y rediscovers soon. What a voice, in more ways than one.
Been listening to #Emmure for a long ass time and loving it(: <3
Sales people are not a lower life form - statement from Ken Morse to attending engineers at
I need you here beside me <3
Congrats to fellow Morehouse Man Lamell McMorris on signing Cam Newton as his co-agennt along with Bus Cook.
Buddy, When doing a class in LA?
Steve Jobs was born out of wedlock, put up for adoption at birth, dropped out of college, then changed the world. What's your excuse?
Hey Roger, was the WSU announcement posted on 1 April real? or fooling?
“: Just saw a silver fox #wildlife”
. I don't know what's worse dreaming Santorum won or realizing he has invaded my subconscious.
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 189
because it was hot!(:
Follow me<3 I love :D
#Excel !! RT "Successful people begin where failures leave off. Never settle for 'just getting by.' Excel!" Tom Hopkins
C: Go for a walk then go back home and make a cup of coffee.
lol this is so illegal
Come on over to #RedJacksSaloon for the showing of 'The Phantom Wolves of Sun Valley', 'DAMS-The Lethal Water Bombs' !!
Of a sort. With a squat rack. :)
I wanna go to bed but I'm not sleepy arghhhh
Any chance you guys have an old school #12 Fan jersey just lying around looking for a home?
are yall going to have the Reebok Allen Iverson Questions?
ha! Yes, ! Or howsabout: Are you afraid of the dark?
Die early and die often.
Just watched the time traveler's wife! I always cry <3 RAS
oh yea i know. Heat will most likely pull thru, but past champions come to play every damn minute of the playoffs
what we like 2 hear! RT : $5 lunch might b the best lunch deal n Atlanta. Always delicious & friendly!
what the fuck is wrong with people nowadays
Joshua and Phillip <3
LOVED LOVED LOVED the #Lakers vs #Celtics game earlier today! Time for me to get some tickets to see my guys in person!
The Kicking Corpse was a toilet... literally. Everyone that braved out to see us deserves a medal.
shut the fuck up
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Sorry, I'm the social media person at my new job, but I have a time limit. Must do all our stuff in half hour, hence me putting you off...
Thank you to everyone who participated in yesterday's donations. Watch us this week for an upcoming contest!
Does being out in the heat & walking around a lot raise one's blood pressure?
Damn this nigga brandon marshall always getting in trouble for hitting a female smh
That dream last night was crazy
As a result of yesterday's article on break-up songs (what up Phil Collins), I cannot stop listening to Dido.
$2 Margaritas today!!
Amazing how passionately people feel about niche issues (gay rights, their pets, Trayvon Martin case, etc). Bring up debt, economy? z
Happy National Sandwich Day! At BV, we're partial to our Smoked Turkey, w/ Cheddar, Avocado & Chipotle-Lime Aoili. What's your favorite?
Donald Duck as Sweeney Todd. He's got the rageful, explosive resentment thing down pat.
Good luck to ASTD student, sophomore Olivia White, who leaves soon for a semester studying abroad in Budapest!
Hope things are going well out there. Let me know once we have a status update.
I'm in the childrens' department now! but this is the kiddie room of doom. there is no chatting here.
...what 2 tweet...what to tweet...what too tweet...what two tweet? Hahahahaha...ok nothing better to do than ask...What to
WHERE'S MY TIMELINE, FACEBOOK?
It's going to be a late night -please bring me a Skinny Caramel Macchiato tomorrow morning -thanks :^)
what is the difference in focusing screens for canon dslr's. Which are best for which situation? Thanks
What's Phillip Phillips? I feel so unintelligible and out dated.
How come you don't talk much to me anymore lol x
Our pistols will shoot your bobcat any day haha at least we have a reason to tailgate in SM!
God did not mean that if we succeed we should be punished with confiscatory taxation.
Selena just came on Pandora <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Buffalo chicken cheesesteak all over my body
They might have tried a free press argument instead of a free speech one?
another one I couldn't find on the web, the Delmore Brothers "Kentucky Mountain" is very pretty.
I always so feel bad for overshadowing on our shared birthday, so show her some bday love.
Yo son smart “: my son goin for the pacers im goin for Miami....#leggo”
yes coming up next
Working on custom content library for MOOG Fest over Halloween weekend, these animations are looking great!
Something about this pretty girl blows my mind
indeed did you enjoy the museum last night
Go Lakers!!! Root a lot for the both of us.
Yes! What a cool idea!
Stevie Wonder turns 62 today tune in now for some of his great music.
Thanks for following, i followed back! Muah
Mine's been sick, soni keep pilling her. They are done, but she doesn't know that. Our bond is broken.
don't wanna be here<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
your avi cute
Remember to wear your Maroon today! It's Power of Maroon Day at EKU and in the City of Richmond!
all for the the kids...btw why do I not have your number, you stinker?
oh fuck im so sad xD
yup so let all 3 of your lil girly roommates know lol
"There may be no greater tribute to Steve’s success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented."
I knew that texting and driving was a problem, but i just saw a woman driving and playing a gameboy.
while I was sorting comics I was reminded how badass your run on Green Lantern was! Thank you!
Thanks for the mention Qiana! RT : got some great shots of that memorial yesterday. Very moving exhibit.
Giant Eel excited to meet some Detroit move-makers at the tonight!
Really enjoyed being told to check out Kaki King. Awesome female acoustic musician.
not mississippi
it was just so very sweet and sharable...couldn't resist! Thanks for putting it out there.
9pm tonight on : #Chicago broadcast premiere of PRISONER OF HER PAST, about a son's journey to uncover the source of his mother's
hope all is well bro. Tough ski season all around.
“: Qdoba in Nashville great deal tonight-2 full meals + chips and Queso = $15” double meat?
anyone wanna be my friend ??
Sounds like digitizer is in the same position as publisher: high up front cost, near-zero marginal cost. How to recoup?
Gloria Smashed the Homey......
yes the boys in Oz-Land with me i'm al about! ;-)
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment. Interested? Reach out via Twitter, LinkedIn or
you have a long sister? Sounds like she shouldn't be that hard to lose!
"That moment when you first lay eyes on a person and never want to look away, that's love.. nothing less."
not likely when the poor can't even get a chance at life without being sucked dry of their funds! Obama is/was a mistake
One that gives something expecting something in return, received only disappointments.
You heading to the west coast at all this summer man?
I feel your (Aceves-induced) pain. :(
oh I so agree. Putting info in a easy to swallow format like this is amazing!!!
My sunblock has an spf rating higher than a denim jacket and I still got sunburned.
Its funny how people don't start caring until you give up...
I just wanna sleep. :/ the sun drains all my energy.
Fixology would love to welcome all our fans to 2012. We wish you and your family a happy new year.
Just irrelevant shit too.
If anyone is out of the state of Florida, I would like to share my business with others, there is plenty of rooms here. Call me 786-237-7956
www.jennifernangle.com Be there or be square!
you would love this.
re: L2. Especially because T/19th to Dupont Circle on the SB route is a LONG way with no stops.
he has the cutest smile
Gotta a bunch of new sweet scrubs for my new job, now time for Avengers in IMAX 3D, yay!
Watched a clip of singing Miss Patti, and thought: CeeLo and Blake singing "On My Own" with Patti LaBelle and Reba would b cool.
Follow me if you cant wait for # BOYFRIEND!!!
Reminder - If you are attending the webinar today please email for the log in information.
Im mixed and i was told dat us white girls have tha wettest pussy anf we come alot....o
That bounce though.
You must be very proud of her. Of course for cast and crew...it's party time!
awww thank you for the compliment about myy lips.
I just need something different
#drupal can anyone tell me what im doing wrong?
Happy New Years Eve to all our Followers! We hope all ur dreams come true in 2012!
Hey, TC artists! We're still accepting bicycle-themed artwork to display in our gallery. Bring your submission to the store by Nov. 30!
LMFAO at the m&m commercial;)
I plan to treat April Fool's Day with general mistrust and cynicism. Just like I do every other day.
Can't wait to watch Paranormal Challenge tomorrow night and see my man !
I don't care if you go now or if you stay.
cinnamon snowball with and ;)
did you tell your lil bro Happy BIRTHDAY the morning
Ha "Land Down Under" just played on the radio, too funny! #Aussie Aussie Aussie...
We are wrapping up casting on the Newport docu-series. Next week we have 2 new projects - please stay tuned 4 details! Have a good weekend!
HOLY CRAP. I look thru' my mentions, & it's blown up by you. xD
sells out. U missed a great game
Cubs won two in a row! Can they make it 3?!
We already had one Bushwacker in office we don't need another!!!
OMG, lo que me acabas de decir me mató :/ haay bro :( DON'T GIVE UP !!!!!
Tired as a fat bitch tryn to open up a twinkie with no hands.ughh
And I agree with this too lol. This shouldn't even be a discussion ya know. BAN PATCHES FOREVER and FINISH A GAME BEFORE RELEASE.
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement Gingko Biloba
Amazing casting session this afternoon. So many ways to play Krieger. Torn between a few. Stay tuned for the reveal.
Wah?! Since when? Sounds good, I owe a trip to NYC very soon. Likewise if you find yourself in rain city!
I can go tomorrow! \m/
If u say u can u can!
On The Phone Wiff Patrick Burns Listening To Baby By Justin Bieber Nd Him Singing Along To The Chorus. EPIC. <U+2665>
yes! Lol. I will be you physical therapist!
it's called get a job, and stop begging! #wow Work for it Honey....
Finished latest web content rewrite. 2.5 months for NIH division.
ALL: now that i have an iphone, what apps do i need to download.
If you can't Love Yourself, How in the Hell You going to Love Someone Else!
Getting into on the dvr! This mother in law drama has me rolling on the floor! When does the reality show start?
I know! haha
After prom its going to be a whole different story .
Strauss-Khan's charged w/ aggravated pimping; is there a lesser style of pimping in France? Maybe a pimpsdemeanor?
"We really bonded while talking in the bathroom," said no man who ever existed.
get it
of course!
can your ego get any bigger?
oy vey that doesn't sound good at all. I've heard of liquid diets. But its obvious that's not your case. Feel better soon.
oops are not our!! Lol
#NOPROBLEM YEAH.TELL ME ABOUT IT!!! HALF THE TIME THE PICTURE DONT EVEN BE THEIRS!!!
Had a fricken stressful day accompanied by a headache & don't feel like cookin. So Olive Garden it is!!
These Oregon helmets are crazy.. Lovin the new styles!!
all I said was I'm gonna be a good mom,LATER IN LIFE!
A challenge: When you run into a preggo today, let something (anything!) other than "How are you feeling?" be your first question to her.
i found it hilarious. when you coming up to kick it on the beach?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
You shouldn't get attached to me, I'll devour your feelings leave you spineless and empty.
Had a great time at dinner tonight with the new exec team: , , ,
There is no easy road to success
A nigga with a big dick an don't know how to use it.
Hm... I kinda like the new spiderman...
yup! obviously not enough to do.
wwooo hooo I have one team member let's get some more
Enjoy something green today
Free throws win games.
#NWHW Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S. #WomensHealthWeek Fight your risks by texting HEALTH to 300400!
I am looking for rock star kitchen talent at #kettlehill...professional, creative environment and room to grow. please RT/contact me.
you stoop.
Bak on my twitter shit Determination is the motive droppin march 22!!!
One night with you just wasn't enough.
ER&L session on applied use of 360Counter and other usage analytics tools to make decisions coming up at 10:45 CST
I don't think we get a choice in who we fall for. We just... do.
ATTENTION LAMAR STUDENTS: stop putting stuff on twitter cus yall getting EVERYBODY in trouble.. No Videos, Pictures, or Plans. THEY WATCHING
The day I go looking for a good scala parser generator is exactly the day that adds scala-bison to GitHub. Well that was easy.
I ignore my problems instead of fixing them and just hope some one else picks up the pieces. Why can't I just take myself seriously?
.: I've always dreamed of having the opportunity of working with Bryant Gumble.
One of the reasons I love you is because you're wise. :)
shivers down my spine!
Thank you so much! Please let me know if/when I can help you out with tweets/posting. Love what you're about.
Ryan Anderson may be the M.I.P with less impact in the playoffs in history?
After your Fall Mums have stopped blooming cut back close to the ground & cover with a layer of mulch for the winter.
Interested in donating or sponsoring ? Let or know. Hundreds of tweets, a great cause ;)
So you know that terrible album that keeps showing up in your heavy rotation? Yeah, that was me.
MB should really watch what they say sometimes because some of these girls go crazy and take it too far .__.
Just signed my first client!
Free organic ice cream today after 12 at Three Twins (Fillmore and Haight Sts.) Bonus: tips will be donated to Friends of the Urban Forest!!
hahaha thanks those are good ones.
oh i dont know how to play super fan.but im gan find out
Thanks for following me! I am following you too.
Mubarak is not getting the hint in Egypt, We have people over here that did not get the hint-The November elections got their attention.
do you have any samples? got a mixtape coming soon that needs a cover designed
That could be arranged. :) RT : exchange beach for trees, and I'm with you. ;)
No hate. I want OKC to win, they just have no post presence at all. U knw I right.
: hope he also mentioned the lower gas prices! If you blame then you have to give him credit: voters will!
on the way to Astoria for an officer involved shooting that started w/ high speed car chase. Details on
i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch woooouuuuld
MINDS: Grades are important for the first couple jobs a newly graduated student wishes to get.
Hey thanks for the interaction today!
Do you have PASSION for what you do for a living?? Do you like the people who you work with at your J.O.B.?? What about your 'BOSS', do...
Rise and shine! Start your morning with downward dog and a few sun salutations - you'll feel ready to take on the day!
an MLS team is taking over PGE Park. Beavers future is looking very grim. Look over old tweets & links to find out more.
We are tighter then a fat guy in spandex <3
I hate bugs!
Finally going to on Friday. Going to a meet up of sorts. Looking forward to it.
Depends! Eg comparing change in attitudes, creation of prod that demos learning
thanks for blowing up my newsfeed within the last hour.....
well I'm guessing you aha
I think I might I have the flu but I'm not too sure :/
Picked up two new clients over the past week. One of them found us on Google. The other is returning after a 6 month lapse in service. Yes!
Congrats you've ruined my day.. I thought we were a little more than friends but I guess I was wrong..</3 I hope you're happy.. :'(
How are all the #Hunters? :)
okay. i'll quiet down... when u leaving?
FACT: Cadbury Caramel Creme eggs are not at all as delicious as the real Cadbury Creme Eggs.
what's the name of the Mexican food place u was at?
Relaxing Monday.
oh sorry for the lateness. good evening
#DEN #Broncos and some riot gear
Who knew the #GOPdebate would be an entertaining halftime diversion.
Bye bye hokies, Seminoles are coming to town!
Bluffton, SC, Greenville,SC, Nashville,TN, Tallahassee,FL We're coming for you soon! Don't you worry!
#ConfessionNight I wish would make a twerk video with one of my songs.
Ahh, sorry to miss you! I was mostly in the main room barging in on the teams who were situated near the caffeine. :)
disabled google buzz. my GMail interface is much happier that way. (evidently it hated that obnoxious logo too)
RT : Being Negative Gets You No Where
OMG Love love LOVE the new song #Burnitdown !! Pre ordered the CD! Can't wait! <3 y'all so much. Will be seeing y'all in August!
“Nihilism is best done by professionals.” - Iggy Pop
Time to break out the sundresses!
Still waiting for my bag in miami... Going on hour 3.. Now I remember why don't check them in when I don't need to
Do you have to work tomorrow
heading to Walnut tonight...Look for us.
Thanks! we are so excited for our Auction for Action!
Shout out to all the aussie mahomies who havn't met austin
Heading to #SXSW? I'd love to connect with a fellow Bostonian while out in TX!
DRM is not, nor will it ever be, in the customer's best interest. I'll be cracking the book somehow, and the DMCA can kiss my ass
was working hard to prove herself when a source tipped her off on the story. She always asked: Is there anything else?
Finished Fifty Shades of Grey. Decent story but not sure what the big deal is; I read more hardcore, BDSM erotic romance in grad school.
If it ain't bout the money then wat is the convo for???
Please tell in 140 characters or less
Jason Segel is the man
He's a horrible horrible person. It's none of his business to attack the opposing fanbase, make elderly people & kids walk down 4...
9 more hours of work...i hate covering this shift..im already bored and i just got here an hour ago..someone entertain me
Yes. But not silver-colored plastic tools. Trust me on that.
H.O.P.E- Hold On, Pain Ends.
“: My mom said no drinking Tomorow...."okay" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>” lol
I will tomorrow baby! <U+2764>
Its up to each of us to do the footwork that it takes to reach our own maxium potential
Must try RT Peanut Butter & Jelly lattes are delicious. Wooden nickel (worth $2) w/ purchase this week
Google Wallet... just a matter of time until it appears on Etsy.com :)
#Starbucks here I come
another case of corporate greed.
Can't believe I didn't catch that the time was ET Will you show Decision again?
i'm about my fans the street made me Don Bivè im not up tight like how i was before i got shot thinking im better then every one
Our famous cheese sticks are in! and they are yummy
i heard that companies ARE people :)
Hey Richard! I've been a twitter slacker lately, but I'm doing well. Creating some great corp & service org convos :) you?
Spend a lot of time talking to customers in person. You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
yes. I'm starting to listen to them now. I listened to a song occasionally over the past year but now I'm really liking them
a nigga need pizza
Yeah, I had a bad, bad experience both times I went. It's just too crowded. Though I just did one with 800 runners & it was boring
. :) Just purchased sweet potato tortilla chips as tonight's vegetable, along with guacamole.
The ideal school board would have character Ed for digital students. Technology Ed would start off the mission statement.
Find the best survival product here. Stop being ignorant. www.magictowelusa.com
lawlz he's a sweetie tho came on the family ski trip last weekend
i want to dip dye my hair.
I support #SexistTrousers. They are hilarious and if you are offended by something so stupid, you're an idiot.
thanks for the follow ! Cheers
As an amateur pseudo-scientist and hyphen-using afficionado. I say thats a statistical near-inevitability of a winning team.
Hey , you doing anything fun for SXSW?
No I don't, but TY for the intro! ;D RT : do you know I believe the 2 of you have some common...
These Pearl-ites should have never started given out free beer to a #SouthEast Portland boy.
im gonna like kill my math teacher :-/
With enjoying a nice dinner at Bj's then going to the midnight premiere of THE HUNGER GAMES!!
RT : is giving great talk on Twitterology!! Did you know there's a unique URL for every tweet?
Looked like tomorrow would never come. Hey! Hey! Davy! R.I.P.
Agreed and I think if the process formally changes successfully the pay will have to follow.
Some people change and some don't, the ones that change are not your friend
Finding musical inspiration from Pixar's UP
that moment when your grandma is in an ambulance and you didn't know because you were asleep.
Great information from NYSCA's Lisa Robb today at Arts and Cultural Council for Greater Rochester.
Somehow I managed to get sick again. So everyday this week after work I've gone home and slept. It's not ideal in this beautiful weather.
Isolates are important if you are a brand, if you are a community you want connections
Pretty sure I'm not making good decisions that will better jet lag.
Hey biebs you probably will never see this but I just wanted to say your amazing and you have a big heart follow me :) <3
'Tis so much special that you are to all of us wherever it is we may be to feel you special and most beauteous.
Turned on Miracle just in time for Herb Brooks' speech. Awesome timing. (on TNT).
The alcohol flavored kind. I have a busy month coming up.
what are the debts? DM me
RT : At for happy hour with 4 lucky listeners!!!
Happy President's Day! Which president do you find to be the most inspirational and why? We're looking for #motivation-so keep it positive!
Touch base soon sir! RT : I'm excited!
where you watching hockey?
Weekends and vacations are time to break away and find new inspiration. Relax and Refresh your mind to come up w/new ideas.
what was the bad newz
The constant battle between sin and servitude.
Visiting #Westside in #Omaha listening to an Overview of their 1:1 experiences. Thank You!
RT : at 12:30, Dino from ††† () will be calling in to talk about the show tomorrow at I'll give away a...
Lol u so dumb RT : whats up my fav mexicans? When ima get drunk with y'all n the gang again
Office Depot recalling 319,000 office chairs WASHINGTON — Office Depot, in cooperation with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission a
aw thanks missy!
Live Octo...thanks for the warning.
"I never cheated for the record back when I was with you but you believe in everything but me *boy i don't get you"
Heading home from work early to avoid the #SeaMayDay protestors. Protest with your wallets, not your fists.
never had it.
As a former Atlanta resident and artist I know is one of the best things that city has going for it.
End of 1 in DC and the #Caps up 1-0. Could be 3-0. Should be 3-0. Hope that doesn't bite us.
The phone calls i have with her!<3 About to have a good night sleep!:)
...I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself. -Confucius
Lucky you. Already starting your weekend!
Got to hang out #SteveWang special effects creator of Predator... Great guy! He saw #OneLongDay!
Now speaking at the Black Male Summit is Dr. Imani Perry of Princeton University.
Idk what my mom and sisters are going to do when I'm at college haha
I need food .-.
Vintage Tedford screen pass right there.
okay I'm sorry feel better girlie.
We can have the meetings at my place, I'm 30 minutes from the loop in Chicago ;)
Great Idea!
getting my twitter account in sync with the biz. Need to get off to bed and up early for a phone chat with a publisher.
Getting all my anger out in these tweets
as long as you enjoy everything's fine ;) Hmm okay i think our school isn't quite interesting.. I always look forward +
I'm constantly amazed @ the technology of our bodies. The small scrape on my arm is healing by raising up & smoothing together.
always love your tweets
Hope all my twitter friends enjoy the holiday.
lets start a new club, the Anti MM club! Yayyyy!
#teamfollowback I AUTO FOLLOW!
Create your private network of mentors to assist and encourage you along the way of achieving your goals. www.IamINC.biz
Good morning, #Chicago! Where are you looking for a new apartment today? Tweet us and we'll help find you a place!
#halloween never to old to dress up!
Ahh, so happy for you two! Great photo! Gotta get in on this celebratory tweet, too. :)
I really wish u would stfu about this cuz it wasnt petty u juss mad cuz I left
"Do it for Johnny, man...for Johnny."
You say you'd die for it but i plan on living for it.
FOLLOWERS! If and I can't get our planned video done for tomorrow what should we do?! DM me your ideas! (;
Let's take a trip towards sunshine and clear water.
Almost 100 follows and we haven't even been on twitter 24 hours!! Thank you guys so much!
this early what time zone you in
Toasted Coconut Porter now in bottles. Get em while you can at Total Wine and ABC's. Cheers!
-__- lol if I recall perfectly fine, I almost got a heart attack last night cause you!!!!!!!! Lmfao
Okay, now this dude is giving away free tortillas and sriracha
I just realized that I don't like kiwi anymore. Omg what a sad moment I used to love it. What happened
But so cute
#AutoFollow The gods do not protect fools. Fools are protected by more capable fools.
Go Louisville
Directioners are down right the childish fanbase ever.
My problems hide in numbers
send some examples
Watching Dick Clark makes me sad. "It's happened year, after year, after year" yes AFTER YEAR. Time to retire bud...
Notice your car doesn't look as good as it did when you bought it? We can help! When the shine & protection matter call us!
Congratulations to you both.
I should also work out today too whenever I'm done shopping :) hang out with my niece :)
#Obamashouldsay State of Nation's Children precarious: Children’s Leadership Council Urges President and Congress to Renew Focus on Children
Thanks for the follow! Viva QR codes!
boutt to listen to THAT GETs ME COOL SO MY MIND WONT BE STRESSED NOT HAPPY RIGHT NOW
recently. i hope you are now following ? and don't forget - she is going to be my #femfash blogger
We assume you've lost a Super Bowl bet a time or two. What's the best punishment you've heard of for losing??
pitbull website coming soon!!!!!! call me if your looking for a puppy... Rita 404.454.1494
you better! I'll see if I can make it tonight girl!!!
you disappeared! Lol. Good seeing you tonight!
By bike, this time!
Come join us for an awesome steak for $10.95 and $1 off all taps tonight!
Staying off Facebook today. Timeline will be infested by thick piggies.
I have #google+ invites if anyone needs them.
Wall Township Wins In Straight Sets 25-21 and 25-22 over Colts Neck in Shore Confrence boys volleyball.
Awesome!! Can't wait to check it out :)
Tryin to save a little gas/energy, and decide to roll the windows down in the car instead of a.c....then u get the heat blast!!!
Now following
lmfao it's easy! What do you need help with ?
Officially done with #ala11 stuff. Looking forward to dinner w/ MOH
Oh. Um. Great. *sigh*
Wishing you all the love and happiness in the world and congratulations on your marriage.
i would buy you an extra box;), but we dont have girl scout cookies in england:(
omg there were a pair in front of salon yesterday waiting for owner of doughnut place to feed them!
Gfffynbgyibdjkmkj.... totally partying at Franks right now. We will be making brains explode on stage in an hour and a half-ish.
sounds like an interesting idea, though I'm not sure about some of the questionable ways to get badges...
back on the job
tomorrow we have some stupid thing called career day and my first hour career is a police officer.... kill me now.....
Hidden Seattle gem? The #RainierValleyCulturalCenter (3515 Alaska). This gorgeous performance space is perfect for all kinds of live events.
Indy Reads has a Volunteer Orientation next Monday the 25 from 11 am-1 pm. Call 275-4040 or email to register!
good plan.
hey! our is on twitter now! See what our awesome high school students are up to!
I'm a #Knicks Fan for Life!
I hope spring comes soon.
Make sure to check out #SportsPRchat Tonight @ 9pm ET with - great talks!!
PB&J is so satiating, I feel so full now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Thanks for the RT's. It was a fantastic show. We're happy to support it each year.
Love that guy, have one of his demos
Letang HAS to know that starting a fight when another fight is already going on is an AUTOMATIC game misconduct. He HAS to be smarter.
hope you have a good day
I really wanted to go out and drink tonight.. Doubt that's guna happen
Left the #lawandsexsocial. Met who is absolutely lovely. Hope I didn't embarass myself too much!
I wonder what they said before the year 1. Happy New Nothing!
Omgg i haven't been on here in forever!
Thanks for following us, Kevin.
oh okay
Well it's still fun to watch, so you aren't out of the loop when everyone is talking about it. Ya know?
What are your New Year's plans and resolutions?
It feels so good to be headin home.... Its.fugly out here...
I'm done trying to be a gentleman to these emotional battered women fuck it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JACK NICHOLSON!!!
Haven't went to school all week loll
Less than 1 hour away from the new iCarly "iPear Store"!! :D
Starbucks > #yum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOTHERS! THANK YOU FOR ALL THAT YOU DO FOR US.
Touched by Kim Youn Na's win yesterday. Cool that my nieces can see non-Koreans go nuts over a Korean athlete.
...and more importantly, enjoy the weather up there and enjoy your day.
Actually had CVS check my ID because they made a mistake. Their error brings my identity into question.
Good museums should embody the values of a nation. Marjorie Schwarzer
What you doing?
Don't forget to make reservations for the SEAFOOD buffet this Friday night!
So...jokes. Right?
at the collisium watching motorcycle racing on ice...so cool! i wanna do it! now i hav the itch to hop on my quad! you boys like Mexico
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring collection. There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
pumpkin carving?! what? where? when? i think you should go with the classic face... or your name :)
i a
Oh I see the connection. I don't think I will, not their target demo. However, think lots of 20 somethings might.
just got top braces yesterday -.- already had my bottom.. f me... <3 :\
RT Im trying to settle a debate was Rudolph really one of Santa's original reindeers or is he completely fictional?
We have a GR8 excuse: book tour 4 RTI quite like justifications 4 going to London! Add in 'Matilda'! I'm itching 4 a trip!
Directioners Love One Direction Moms <U+2665>
Rough wk of work, spilled coffee on laptop, but Friday Night Lights and HIMYM marathons w baby Averie sleeping in my arms made it all better
“: #100ThingsILove Ms. Martin ! Isn't that right ?” Mrs. Martin, do you not remember hubby
I love this song sossoso much!
you're missing all the most-watched programming on CBS!?! Blasphemy!?! How will I feed my children?
watching the episode with hosting, love him but its not the same w/o you! Get back gurrlll.
we'll be in section 106, row 12, numbers 13-16. we would love to be interviewed!
that's just genius!
Watching the game in bed with a migraine. That goal is only making me feel more sick.
Quote of the night " I'd rather be dumb than mean; that way you can be be mean and have an excuse" -Me
I think stalking is still a crime even if it's zombie stalking. Get on that, Cynthia.
RT “: #IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night she cries her self to sleep.”
Hey!! Are you here...? Dunno about rockin', but definitely learned a lot in doc-consort.
Not sure what your situation is, but just wanted to tell ya to keep your head up. Things will get better. :)
Congrats! I'm proud to say that my wife is a Dirty Girl.
creepy my brother is listening to this and like it came on my feed as that part was playing O_O haha
I'm gonna go cry now.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : The Eagle (live updates)
I have seen rumbles re a Saved By The Bell reunion. I can't even type words to express the feelings I have about it. Something like "OMGYES"
for what reason bro?
When looking @ any poll, what doesn't register is the numbers of Americans who do not vote, thus
Hey Madd, thanks or following I looked at your pictures, what exactly is that animal?
im listenin 2 this new track GOD and I produced,im waiting 4 GOD 2 write the song 4 me! I cant be stopped,its just GOD'S PLAN! IM INCREDIBLE
Just caught end of aerial America Maine now aerial America Tennessee on channel. Amazing footage of our beautiful country.
Pitti on name authority "Keeping two names separate when you are in doubt is better than conflating them, which obscures information."
What happened to Maroon 5....Moves Like Jagger and now this song with Wiz Khalifa
This may make me sound like a fat ass but they need to make king size hostess cupcakes and king size snack packs. You know you agree!
i am just joking ! All the Beliebers out there probably will get in a fight over who loves him more so lets just leave this topic
I'm at Antigua tonight on the deck playing solo! Come on out enjoy music and great times.
The love for money is the root of all evil !
Boosty_Collins is the man
OH YEA!
Happy Sunday everyone! DogFencesandMore.com
My mama deserve this day cuz I know that's one lady who will never let's us go without
haha yeah I have a rottweiler but hes getting old now he's 10
i want to slap him right now.. he better be glad we arent in the same place..
Cuse is good ... But , remember their history of early NCAA tourney exits.
how to I change back to the default nameservers?
board now fend to text every girl numba i got in my phone ...
If you live everyday like your starving, you will never be hungry for the rest of your life
studios on fire.
I am the only one who thought Hunger Games sucked balls?
OK, let's do it then. OBAMA ATE DOGS 45 years ago.FRIED his BRAINS on DRUGS & PUSHED a GIRL 25 years ago.
Do you show your mother love enough?
no some other sport
Clutch win by Bucky on the road, Sullinger not in the game, Berggren out of his mind defensively!!
I don't work in the area, so 17:00 is pushing it a little for me, might be more like 17:30/45.
I know. I'm sorry. Its my bias. Id like to be less so .. And tbh I'm coming around.
but having a central place to link from w/shared calendar can help student2-ours wanted canvas in st survey-link 2 lots
It was a great event at the 92nd Street Y, but at the beginning I felt like I was watching it from Mars.
: When u r so close to someone u can hear there voice when u read there text. :)
Thats bcos every1 here is more sweeter than in real life
trimmed my "beard" and got rid of the neck-beard D: now i look slightly less unruly.
New slogan one of my coworkers coined today: You're only young once
Amazing to think how all of our lives have changed for the better because of the vision of Steve Jobs. Thanks, Steve.
Coming back from a long day today :D A casting dizzy daners. It was really fun :)
my dad bought my mom a wacom cintiq 24hd a few months ago :) she loves it!
no doubt that we will :)
To date 636 IUSD at-risk students have benefited from Operation School Bell - thank you for your support!
your location still says Canada
HalloQueen tonight at the Tractor! Wahoooo! And yee haw!
My summer gone be crackin cuz I'm goin to the A n June then Cali n July n hopefully College n August
when people show you they are crazy....believe them!!
LMFAO. bad bad seed child.
anxiously awaiting the debut my fam + #plug #maknmoves if you're in the
has anyone said you look like cody zeller lmao!!!!
you an ak cool now
There goes my gyro - Falafel Fighters
Father God, show me Your path, teach me Your ways. My heart’s deepest desire is to know You and to be known by You. You are my King.
" : Tell buddy I said congrats and that i sent her a follow request "
Really my father tho.
My mom <
At work bored...ready to get drunk tonight
“Unscrupulous financial acts” spike mid class tax luxury! Lucky! Tax us high. Tax us low. WE JUST WANT TO PAY TAX!
Where's BLACK SHEEP?
you love them. Don't deny it :)
Hundreds remember former UCSD volleyball player who was murdered in Coronado shooting rampage.
we gotta hook you up!
Me & my pointless info(:
sorry, there are so many great events going on in May! Still hope to see you, come late and stay late!
I may not want to workout but I never regret it when I do!
Deep-fried falcon. Yummy!
RT : S/O to me for being a real nigga! Lol
Y'all need to stop saying that is Gay like C'mon #getalife nd #growup (;
NICE! A little look of the pages on mobile!! Go :)
yup, that shit will get you arrested now a days.
No matter how many times I see it, the 17 directors in 20 years statistic blows my mind.
a world size loss to the whole world
Sinking my teeth into The Hunger Games
"Good heavens! He's committed pesticide!" LOL.
: Haloo back at cha, but it's Mrs.
Smiles an hand shakes everywhere I go...
In #PawSox debut, #RedSox newbie Scott Podsednik was 1-for-3 with 2RBI (single and sacrifice fly). Team seeks sweep at 12:05 tomorrow.
what u been up to!
It's going off at the Ivy tonight!
My Jr. Thespians were AWESOME at Shakespeare Fest, my dog loved sitting in my lap, & Suzy is right here with me
Wkshps are separate from WD, but I checked w/that dept for you: Best they can offer is coupon code MAR12 for $15 off in March.
let me spend a day with ya
I promise you that there will be a pre-Chicago post. Around 1 or 2.
Honesty and being upfront... these are some of the quilitys we would like our children to have... why not our associates?
I'm attending Film Church with festival Director John Cooper & director of programming Trevor Groth here at Filmakers Lodge
I got it. I died laughing when I saw the formality of the email and pictures. I will forward to our VP. Thank you!!
Happy Easter yall!!
Thanks for the follow. We're following you now too!
nothing on your side of the ball big man, DT Mich St, and CB from Vandi
I almost took my SAT with a #3 pencil.
let me know how it is!
Broncos Win. Raiders lose. And the pathetic CSU Rams just fired their head coach. Good day in sports.
twitter, your love is outta this world |:
You're funny.
And dinner too! LOL Count me in for one week and Sam for another. ;)
LOLOL!! That was a toss-up from the minute you clicked "add to my cart". You get the animal print?
Buy one get one free Iced Teas until 6. Someone's in a happy hour mood!
demo'd the new native app yesterday. Social Selling is becoming real this winter. Timelines and all.
We really enjoyed Lake Izac and all the fun things to do at Shenandoah Crossing! Those 3 bdrm cabins are lovely, too!
likewise. and if you want to go hunt your doppelganger someday, let me know. :)
"There are few joys in life more profound than watching an idea blossom into something special." Christel DeHaan, 2006.
hustle #hard brother and never let up! Thanks for bein you bro. 1
Ian's face when lil mama starts hitting on him >
Proposals, proposals, proposals...when will we have a grantwriting proposal-free summer? I'm thinking 2013.
Beautiful vibes last night on Boom Bap Society. Big thanks to for coming down to perform, and to everyone who came out. Blessed.
let me know how the movie is.
Congrats to Patty from Palm Harbor ...she's going to see Disney on Ice!!!!
: RT "...I got a fowl mouth yep fowl” I always say: Better a fowl mouth than a bird brain.
Gr8 morning of learning and sharing with Loveland MS educators today!
We love it!
looking forward to meeting you in New York Cityy xx
I thought you told me sleeping with bed bugs is better than sleeping alone?
Upon learning of Olympic Sonic Weapon the says "Throbbing Gristle developed sonic weapons..." Make of this what u will.
Have a Merry Christmas everyone :)
I've unfollowed you before, so you can probably just fuck right off.
Could definitely use a little advice from in regards to a new client we are bringing onto the roster.
Resend: coworker made a comment about 'the glamorous life,' now I have the Sheena E song stuck in my head. QUITE the jam back in the day
awww poor baby
are you coming to Florida for a signing?
So, the world definitely isnt ending today. ;)
determined to still have a great day!
And. Irrelevant.
Thanks for the follows:
Did the Shuttle tile thing when I was a Materials Science undergraduate in the University of Florida.Tile belonged to department.
Happy Mother's Day!
Had to reassure my students who work on CATNIP that their projects mean as much to me as WFF. They didn't want to be forgotten at
All is well. No flooding. Fee minor branches. Trees staye in the ground. All fine on your end, I hope.
Random mentions in this panel: Cameltoe, donkey, sorcerer's apprentice, and dictators.
been good ready for graduation already
people need to know RT Putting "fact" or "boom" at the end of a sentence is a good douche indicator.
When was the last time a team had under 100 yards total offense, yet wins by three touchdowns? FSU over the Gators
Good times! Great to hang with u too : Its fabulous to see at #EveningWithTheStars at ”
#alicebucketlist take some time out of your day and RT this for a girl w/ cancer <3
Little kids call it old men, we call it creepy guys
Fitting room argument with some random guy.
Thanks for the kind words!
Attending expo @ The New York Times now!
Im not calling christopher
RT : Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein...
I hate the museum guy with the beard on Pawn Stars, just give a damn value already
Flow and Float or relative/absolute positioning is the question?
It's almost lunch time! Today we have Chili con Carne, Tostadas & 2 Tacos with a side of rice & beans!
At The Sound in Charlottesville getting ready to track drums for 'Feel' and 'Guardian'.
You may not think you have any unfulfilled desires, but listen closely. They are only a whisper away.
no I had to work lol. No I haven't gone to a Phx suns game yet. Lol I miss going but I'm so busy with work ugh Get tomorrow off
on occasion
No problem, dear. Just wanted to give you a heads up before I start getting penis enlargement ads xD
This weekend cant come soon enough! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Baja Rock Club Tonite on Main St. In St. Charles at 9 PM. Nite Owl will be performing at 10 PM. Come on out and kick it..!!
i only did it to teach you a lesson early in the game
-shaves head- ..what hair.. (not attractive to any boy in one direction anymore -kills self-)
Guy on the street asking for money is doing it while talking on his cell phone. Now that's just impolite!
Just landed in Orlando. The race is on to catch keynote at
RT : Cavuto asks #Romney if same-sex marriage is analogous to fight for civil rights. Romney: "I don't see it in that light."
it'd be hard to even try to be a loner..i care about certain friends a little to much <33
If my next 100 tweets consist of trying to get to #PrayforEthan, I will gladly dedicate them all to him! Plz #PrayforEthan!
Today a man who changed the world forever was born and his words still ring true today. Happy Birthday Sir Issac Newton.
Hey y'all. Happy weekend.
I know you read my message if I sent it on bbm and the little "r" is in the corner I'm not stupid.
#Ichiro to bat 3rd - Figgins to lead off. If this doesn't work, then yes, Figgins can be considered a bust. Hoping for success.
Went to sleep with mascara on. Woke up looking like Courtney Love.
nice shoes.! :D<U+2665>
I love to see people follow me. It makes me realize that people really do care :)
Lets pimp the system
Ain't nothing like day old leftovers ;-)
Remember everyone - trying is the first step to failure.
i hate waiting!, sucks.. i should go buy a drink...
Hm...I might get those j's that come out saturday
So not in the mood to finish my projects! Why do it now when there is still 3 days left?
If it makes ownership think this team is good as is its not good and that's my fear
I'm from Indiana:)
Local produce stand returns to Whole Foods on Centre Ave. Eat Fresh, Buy Local, Slice Tomatoes, Forget Papercut, Wince Violently.
absolutely, loved him in horrible bosses :)
Tell us why your Mom is an inspiration in 140 characters & u could win Mother's Day gift package worth $230. Use #LouCathSports to tag post.
Ah I hate it when I am eating yogurt and a piece of fruit shows up.
Hey Jim Boeheim, get over yourself and get out of the zone. If you do, you'll win by 20.
And I keep trying to dry my eyes, come and find me in the valley.
you realize that i was totally joking with that last tweet right?
Join our mobile and receive a free gift tomorrow. Text SUNSET to 55800.
I'm about to get it on with the foam roller… all over the floor. That's right. Smack dab in the middle of the living room. No shame.
I feel ya. How goes the hunt for Satan?
America's hat here we come. Boarding for Vancouver!!!
I hope Manning pulls a "Jimmy Chitwood" and says "If Tebow stays I play, if he goes I go"
#dondraper would be almost 90 today.
:-) TY, I appreciate that. I try, have a lot more to learn though.
Mr. Lincoln knew his way around a phrase. I remember that statement all too well.
no I just dnt lk my thing glowing every 2 seconds on my mentions ;)
because ur a liar who wont ever stop ur shit
had some pickled fiddlehead ferns tonight. Thought of you. Served with wood grilled asparagus, red quinoa and ramps!
How many emails are in your Inbox? I have 491 - that is too many!
In relationships ur gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.
When the music changes, so does the dance
Damn the wonder girls won....
if I remember correctly, its more EIT than glass passenger. probably remembers better.
If your not familiar with Jack White (White Stripes) "Netflix" etc have a video "It might get loud" For those that love great Guitarists
This cold and rainy stuff is going to make my hunt for coffee extremely tough this morning.
Fighting with my eyelids..
RT : “: Enjoying the conversations, engagement, and speakers at #SDCChi” very much so, great program!
Ginger-spice latte! Nom
what nonsensical pseudo fury by the talking heads on the Right regarding the HHS decision to protect the health of all women.
I think "perfect jeans" are a total myth.
The beauty is inside of you!!!
#FF RT : wishing you lots of good luck! Missed you last night, hope to see you soon.
trying to find out if this dude i knew actually died or if it's someone with the same name. what the fuck
First Kyrgyz driver recommends Jibek Jolu (5047 N Lincoln). Try the besh barmak - it's a lamb and noodle dish.
which is why she doesn't follow me anymore, der.
#goaway I hate you
'INSPIRATION' starts with? Normal People: "I".. Me: "ACM"(:
It was incredible, thanks! How are you feelin' about camp? We have two #cubuffs at this point. I'm geeked!
Happy Friday the 13th!
This only makes me hate the heat more
loves when a client writes a personal email then closes with: "By the way - I still love my website :) you guys did a super job for me!"
thanks for the tweet
Ayn Rand coming soon to Reorb.it, and SIlicon Valley?
Only disadvantage to living on the water-- #tsunami advisory. Hope everyone stays safe and takes the necessary precautions.
I'm glad to hear you liked it! Just curious... If you'd like to, what would you use our technology for?
american dad, mcdonalds && becoming a wizard. awesome morning.
Thanking the universe for Tortas.
HoeLies #46: I can drive stick.
Crazy, huh?
Where's the Jersey love? What's a Yankee that loves the South to do?
Today is National Donut Day I guess?!? Buy any size drink & get a free donut at Dunkin Donuts! Happy Friday!
I hate when ppl make stupid comments KNOWING I can prove you wrong in a second wit my PROOF. lol wow goodnight
BADASS SHOW last night! Thanks to everyone in the crowd, yall were awesome!! Check us out next week at Rock Falls Tavern!!!!!! (Sat. Aug 27)
I could eat my weight in Starburst Jelly Beans
Okay they're back. Crisis averted. Netflix watching can commence.
Hmm I wonder how well this will be moderated/abused...
I love his goofy ass...
Just learned how to use a low tech Eye Gaze Frame. Communicated with no voice or body movement. Only using eyes.
Wanna talk? :) I got nothing to do.
I think he has been a champion for freedom for all. I think bush was took away more freedoms personally. Patriot act.
that picture with Liza Jane, so precious!!!
The salt trucks haven't hit too many streets yet, be careful out there Pittsburgh
we just really want you to settle down and eat your pizza :)
Whistling in public is considered bad manners. // Sure way to irritate the shit out of me?Walk around the office whistling.
you have a great outlook on life lol
We will miss you too Jen! RT : This was an amazing day. Cantata Singers, I will miss you.
You are a nerd, admit it, but regardless, we miss you!
aye ;D I just downloaded it , haha that song Slaps.
without me?!! BITCH
Reaction to the #Redsox game can be summed up in one brief expression: LOL.
Quotes like this make me think of "Otherwise, YouTube is still cranking with 60,000+ views last month with zero ad spend"
#MomQuotes "You gone miss me when I'm gone"
I'll be up up and away up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway so whatever
(Full disclosure: Jo Ann is my SIL. I like this poem.)
#lrt omfg liam is so tan
My six year old..."Mom, can you coach Batman how to not be so sad?" Give him my number. Hee, hee.
(con't) ...and immensely encouraging to all indie filmmakers -- including ourselves! THANK YOU SO VERY VERY MUCH!! ()
even if I can't personally make it I'll def send out a reporter to check it out ;)
nice avi real nice
Happy #vday everyone! Please be safe while enjoying time with your loved ones.
": we. Did our best to represent and brought home a convincing 4-2 win!" Congratulations on your victory!!
Sorry to hear that. Anyway, I guess I'l see you at some of Blackout Fest.
United please fix our plane quickly, so we can travel home safely and get sleep before work tomorrow.
wanna hear a joke :3
Thanks Gary, but 311 doesn't work nights or weekends, neither does Streets. SIgh. Now in Day 4 of Garbage Street!
Is it ever okay to say to somebody I don't like you gift?
agreed lol its just how do those people wake up with out just killing themselves lol ..ok dark lol
Get up and out to the game tonight. Weather's real nice, the #Bats are coming off a win and $1 Budweisers.
the real team edward :))))
Ok , I absolutely LOVE your clothes, but what is with the consistently rude and snotty sales people?!
that's not what I heard ;8
yeah we do..<3
Let's all get up, & dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born. <3
I just signed up kristianne98
Bring fine Brazilian Hardwood Flooring to you.
- that sounds like daydreaming...
Getting ready to publish the Late Fall schedule of classes. So excited for lots of fall and holiday inspired classes!! Stay tuned....
: He's aight...But I prefer Viko Nillamor better!!! <--- yea cus Villa doesn't even rap.. Im trippin
Last nights episode was great! Willie & Jase were hilarious & Sadie & Beau were adorable!
good... I needed a workout, and less things that keep me awake at night. But I'm glad you are happier too!
you belong with me i dedicate that song to you
"Doing it right" goes out the window when the guy who deserves "dignity & respect" makes >20MM/yr.
If he is done which it appears so... The Brewers have to make a move for a shortstop right? Or possibly call up Gennett???
Day 3 of my water challenge and I'm so proud of myself! Planning on going all month long!
#HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fabulous blog. Email for details
legit lol. And I'm stealing it. Thx.
I already have it planned, Im gonna steal a baby bear and wait for the momma to eat me...:)
lol isn't it a bit past your bedtime now?
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
And people want to bring MORE sports teams to me? How about we make my current ones not suck donkey penises first?
First of two 15 minute periods underway at #LSP after Mexico and Honduras ended regulation tied 1-1
Using the girls bathroom at school
well you could always turn on basketball :)
“: I'm pretty sure your draft tastes better than the NFLs!!” We definitely agree w/ you there!
#worldcupfinal Wow!! What a goal!
So glad our 2011 ToY and number one TPS advocate Michelle Pearson was able to make it to TLD. Angry Birds analogy? Perfect!
well I'm not even sure when the dates/locations are
Did you lose sleep & peace of mind over it too? 2hrs of gunshots, Fighter jets & Helicopters turned the Grove into War Zone
Q&A time tell me anything your little heart tells you!!! BTW F4F!!!!!!! :3
Which TV are you shopping for? Our test team can take a look at it.
fucking class is booty
Baby, you can be my extra credit. I promise i'll do my homework.. (;
no my friend fck you ...
I hope it continues for the rest of his career, so the #Astros won't have any trouble getting him out next year and beyond!
E-Portfolios: Have to also consider the next step. Not just what you have done, but where would you like to go?
It's #Titanic Week at Loyola! Before attending the events, stop by the Donovan Reading Room to see our Titanic exhibit.
I don't mean for this to sound wrong but, what's he afraid of? His kids safety?
RT if you are loving the extra daylight in the evenings.
Congrats to Ohio University wide receiver Lavon Brazill on getting drafted by the Indianapolis Colts!
Joey @ Naome live at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, Tampa "Lobby Bar" from 5:30 to 10:00pm.
u home
You talk so much crap, you need to wipe your mouth.
Thanks! It is best to stay off notice.
Thanks for this great gift!
/grander-for-life
i diggin the Sanchez girl on AI
LOL NOT A THUG WHITE BOY BITCH A SUIT WHITE BOY LOL
I just wanted to say that I love the cover! I'm obsessed with The Wanted and this is the BEST cover I've heard by far.
RT game vs. Duke, 8:15...Good Luck Gentlemen.
Life lesson # 3597: Stop drinking coffee on an empty stomach. This is a weekly issue. I know it makes me jittery. So why do I keep doing it?
Kobe be thugging, i really get off if kobe sent me at a nigga, like i'll deck durrant on da muscle for my dude, real shit
Rain, thunder, wind. Perfect for starting A Wrinkle in Time.
yep you told me to call you when i woke up a i did lol
Here's to the Mahomies who had #SaySomethin on repeat, all day, everyday.
“: So proud of the storm for making such an amazing yearbook!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>” aw thanks!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Cisco Intros New WiFi Networking Technology for Stadiums ...
Keep it to ya self
I give up! Stop sending the "Verification Emails" Stop sending me the " is trying to send you money". Just return it.
for sure
A thousand miles vanessa carlton... Making my way down town- white chick
Twitter gets SERIOUS during the NBA playoffs!
How can I get an autograph?
Yes, but going to have to read the PDF again to understand all the differences in forwarding on M vs. F cards!
agree. good stuff.
When the going gets rough, & you feel like you may fall, just look #OnTheBrightSide, you're roughly six feet tall. <U+266A>
Follow the dudes:
30 Seconds To Mars 'Neither Confirm Nor Deny' Breakup Rumors
happy Mother's day!
Mark Rothko's paintings are.... "like television sets for Zen Buddhists" Unknown
Made up for Michael from Dallas not calling in. The kid tried hos hardest to stay up. Fell asleep with the phone in his hand.
is a gamer, my world is complete.
GO HEAD GURL
There's some tall folks. You'd fit in! #trapeze #aerial RT : I want to learn. Too tall?
Delts knock off Cutters to win #Little500!!!!
Does anyone know of a kid friendly restaurant that would like to have a clown come and do balloons for free??
My friend apparently met Zooey's evil doppelganger in a NYC beer bar last week. Apropos of nothing, really.
Chris, u dress sestio or rinaldo just off piss off
I believe today is gonna be a good day :)
That is awesome! Congrats!
Steve Blake's defense these past games
Kid in front of us started as with Heat James jersey. Came back with a Pacers West. Awesome.
#NYG at #Packers, who does everyone like? This should help decide the #NFC playoff picture.
Might get a sidekick from daniek(:
Are we really still asking this? RT Is Social Media Just a Fad Or a Real Live Game Changer? bit.ly/bGjFYm
Haha, Would you be my date to #RPPROM if we still have it?!?
it's not for everyone lol
An inventory KPI for : qty. of employee discount redemptions
You are doing a wonderful job...Keep it up.
Well feet are done & I'm tired as hell but I got a stack of biz cards & contacts so I'd say pretty good day. Thx for joining us!
Yeah you definitely do get that feeling for a while but both have merit. After spending time with all three, I'm back to iOS.
book your tables and cabanas for rehab, wet republic, pure, vanity LAX LAS VEGAS!
Due to Hurricane Irene the DC and Tyson's locations are closed today. Please stay safe.
Ask the writer/photographer to get a copy sent to you. Standard practice.
KPerry/SDogg/Jim Iovine to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Details coming soon.
Haha Yep I was a tad surprised by that one too!
Awhh (: It was awesome seeing you! (: Well, chatting with you XD x
I <3 U amazing women! I learned so much from each of yall!
FRINGE IS ON!
Yay! Stupid Twitter:P
Congrats on finishing ur 2nd round! Good Job! :) RT My 2nd round of HCG is done!
S/O to we dont talk much but he seems cool af. His tweets are real and always has the best shoes. #followhim (:
I am going to a meeting with the P&T Committee today to discuss a streamlined method to do cited reference searches
Net Worth 23MM.
Oh goodness. The Woodman's commercials kill me.
thankyou but omg like, it came out of nowhere. Btw, we still need to trade faces ;)
: Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash.
Have long thought pick performance was best when public had strongest ("most exploitable") opinion but with 7-0 start in NHL playoffs....
If shows up at the 10/28 Tweetup, bonus points for everyone!
Steelers Cut Ward !!!
At olive garden.
Gotta find someone for me cause dis shit is getting old.
RT : Dear kind sir picking up the contents of my purse after I dropped it: that brick wrapped in tin foil is my travel burrito
Some people are in love with the IDEA of a startup, the associated 'bragging rights' and whatnot but are afraid of the work
Azusa Library is showing Home Alone tonight at 6:30 PM. Milk and cookies will be provided.
If you need inspiration ...Gavin Degraw's music will touch your spirit, down to the Core!
The forecast today called for a high of 72 degrees. It's now 46 and dropping, and I'm stuck waiting for my bus without a coat. Brrr.
Im gonna stop judging people.
My early-bird pricing ends on Wednesday and I already have nearly 100 registrations. You make me blush, Seattle.
Ahwanhee hotel: gorgeous lobby with an amazing dining room. Looking fwd to lunch
Literally dancing around my apartment. Just found out that I'll be interning for , the best public radio station ever!!!
rock on!
call me my oovoo is leiaLunitic!!:)
<U+2640>I don't dot every "I" or cross every "T"....I realize that it's not about being perfect.... It's about Being Happy<U+2640> Live<U+2640>Love<U+2640>Laugh
Holy Moly reading up on Sarah Phillips insanity now. The internet never ceases to amaze me.
#nowlistening - E.T
2 ADDED PERFORMANCES of FIRST DATE! New: Thurs, May 3 & Wed, May 16 :30pm (late show 21+ only, drinks in the theatre night!)
#Black #Friday Apple flips the switch on Black Friday sale Macbook Air Pro see modest discounts
Really funny getting me to call that hotline. Trickery! I knew it had nothing to do with anything! I'm getting you back. Watch out.
Such a nice day, if only I wasn't dying.
cant get dinosaur by kesha out of my head
When does the chat start?
Lo, plus he knows he will have a text from me after the game. He's hands down the best tackler in the game.
My solution to everything is telling people I am going to punch them in the face.
Oh Christmas tweet, oh Christmas tweet… how I can’t wait to send thee.
Thanks a million!
Never gonna grow up, never gonna slow down! -Jake Owen
so it looks like lil 5 it is...this should been interesting.
For a momma who is wonderful- a box of Irish breakfast tea from , a hanging plant &.chocolate! & a visit to !
Chelsea Dagger
Hope everyone had a fantastic day celebrating one of the most special woman in anyone's life, Mom!
Lyndells!? You're such a flirt.
I loved 's performance last night. :) he has grown up so much ! <3
you are so good at that girl! Miss you
yes ! its very good ACTUALLY!!! OH OH CHECK TES DM JE VAIS TO DIRE QUELQUE CHOSE!:)
"This is King Fisher's road. Take the other one."
If you like country the Cactus Blossoms are starting a Monday night residency
so we like the same music. Gnarly!
Late to school again -_-
Get in for some Napa inspiration! Buy 1 Get 1
Nice pic lol I'm loving the smoke hahaha have fun.
so bored.
Know this ... Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
stop holding back. let go of your fear of making a mistake. No mistake will ever be greater then the grace given to you! Step OUT!
bahahaha RT : We still have a wireline phone at our home. Nielsen just used it to call and poll us about our Web usage.
Monona. You won't regret it.
so here's my number, call me maybe!!
Welcome Wednesday!
Confirmed. wkhtmltopdf is it.
I know you're too tired to cook! Come on in! We're here till 8:30!
Nothing quite like baseballs zooming around a gymnasium in March.
Hey ... care to share your #FantasyFootball knowledge with us? We'd love to have you hop in the tub!
do we know why Tra Carson is leaving the team yet?
Attending Fish Butchering Demo by Red's Best Seafood
thanks Anne! Always a pleasure working with you!
I take it you were gassing up a time machine?
Looking forward to the presidents address.
good luck bro!!
ok so the biggest problem with that cake, I don't like it lol......now last nights cake that was yummy
Why does everything on the hardware aisle come in bulk? I don't need 300 nails.... I need like 10. Seriously.
hahaha That's Hilarious! I would soo do that :o
I'm on Market St. and the winds blowing like crazy.
Tim Perry was a beast in college
what's the best email to send address? Can't DM.
Shop at & support by purchasing a $5 or $10 bag of food for our Ray of Hope food drive! Ask your cashier for details!
Good morning Twitter!!
Big thanks to for rocking our sweet asses off last night.
Today should be Pastor Maldonado Day throughout Venezuela.
<---- This guy here wouldn't do much for a Klondike Bar, but I'd do some pretty, damn raunchy stuff for a Hot Glazed Krispy Kreme!!!!!
Prediction: at some point, everyone will have tweeted "We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading."
First time out it wasn't strong enough. Gotta get back on that pony one of these days. Plenty of other irons for now though.
waits for Pat Robertson to put down the reefer and stop jerking off. So he can tell us whom to blame for this earthquake.
we hope you had a grand time! We know we did!
When I was an evening manager at a grocery store, I would receive a variety of excuses for tardiness or absences. My favorite was one tha...
Can't sleep watching IRONMAN
Woo New Breed is a BAD Man! Roufusport is Elite!
I thought I still couldn't get past eight?
Happy Monday all! Had a great weekend makin Re-Heat and eat Pork Ribs! Half sold before we had them done....
I'm giving more and getting less and am worried about giving out.
Shaking hands? Seriously? You're wasting my time by talking about shaking hands?
and idk do you want her to come?
What was the last "service" you got from Government and could it have been provided to you online?
give her a blanket and turn the game on. Lol. Jk. I bang the shit out of her. :-)
Played Man Hunt with the Guys! XD
haha! uh oh...was this person wearing sweat pants? ;)
"maybe so" lmao
Heading to Chicago for #casesmc on this gorgeous day. Looking forward to meeting our awesome members!
being the Tim Duncan of anything seems like a compliment
Mustache man strikes again, UT going into Overtime vs Ole Miss
Will I accomplish anything today?
Can you spell a pretty girl with two letters?QT (cutey).
Good morning. Welcome to our store on this 4th day of April :)
there's something wrong with you.
Your a** is grass tell me to kiss it I pass in life you make a wish and it fails but I have found my love atlast you crash and burn down
Dubstep is awful
When people talk about super powers, they want to be invisible or want to fly. I wanna be able to fart around girls without the hassle.
#reasonsidontknowwhatloveis "I'm too much of a nerd." ~the wisdom of a lovesick 11-year-old boy I babysat once.
It's been an awesome day.
Did you miss National Almond Day last week? You can enjoy the health benefits all year with these four things almonds can do for you....
Learn some Watermelon Crawl & Simplemente tonight here at Revolver! Free Dance Lessons with Jason starts at 8:15! See you then #Vegas!
RT : We have the best fans! #MoparOrNoCar! Love these #MoparChats!
Happy Valentine's Day! Couldn't resist wearing pink today...
now it's almost 5...we're beyond full retard at this point
Discover Design H.S. competition registration is due in 2 days! Forward to your High School #architecture friends
'University receives Goblin Trust Standard'. I'm really good at reading
A Famous Fashion Model Became a Rock Star - Interview with Dmitry Nechaev in myspace blog!
I feel that right now, actually.
Her kisses left something to be desired -- the rest of her
urine bucket gag discussion//alice coltrane ashram synth soars
Lmao just noticed ur wearing ur sunglasses over the mask.Nice!
“: Its 2011 .. Chicks Want Sex and Men Want Love”
and a dog in a shelter died while they spent time cloning their deceased dog.
Still thinking about question Who is flourishing through your power?
omg george lopezz is the funniest mexican evr myy dad looks just lik him no jok
ayee gimmie a call my parents are not home :) 3048540522 only this one time kk??
Took a pic with
Studying while my family is out watching a movie :(
20 days till boyfriend comes out on iTunes <33 Can't wait
Ooh, creepy! RT : Newt Gingrich is like a Teddy Ruxpin doll reading email forwards from your crazy Tea Party uncle
Wishing everyone a great weekend, and a great Friday Happy Hour!
not yet. Hoping to do one of the NYC locations soon. Good luck w Indigo. Isn't for everyone, but I loved the size, styling & charm.
So much to do! Pretty sick of school
Make exercise just as important as your daily cup of coffee.
just need someone to cry on. :(
Today feels like a home-cooked, Italian meal sorta day. Planning dinner at 9:30 AM feels like the east coast, Bersani family kinda way.
Cotto got cheated at least 2 rounds easily...
Johnson County 8th Grade and Perry County getting set to kickoff in the championship game of the Big Sandy Valley Conference Tournament.
silent killer.
Gr8 job! Now, rest those eyes, sing yourself to sleep, or whatever does not involve using 'sight' for the next 8 hours.
I suppose...decline of western civilization
SEO is not that hard. , every time one of my queries uses the word "lyrics," you should be on top.
is a fake Roc Royal because MB doesn't have their own Twitter,Facebook, etc
Can I get a nutritious lunch for under 400 calories?
I just got up a few minutes ago, and I am up early LOL ... Have to take the kids to the vet
creepy mouse party lol
RT : The announced number of paid tickets was 91,060.
Im throwing strikes again!
need some help tracking down the GA resolution that formed UN Women. can you help? thanks!
After a great NHL day yesterday today is about as uneventful as I've seen in awhile
I have my EOC & I don't have AP classes meaning no more big tests for the year
Half of analysis is anal.
Happy birthday Scott! I love you!
Who remembers the show Unfabulous?
Can't wait to get to and ...let the bachelorette party begin!!
You need to follow
Highly allergic to seafood.
I'm always in the friend zone, I never get past it
heyy twitters how are you ?
I can feel the season change in the air today...
Watts good my gurl
OH: I don't want people to think I like her again. I don't want to marked as the piranha.
Totally. We still meeting up to waste our digital lives this afternoon?
I hate heat fans.
I bet! Are we on your iPod? Maybe we can help you get through the day :)
personally, I think you can handle it.
I feel ya bro.
getting things started
Happy Easter
“: How long has this cigarette been in my hair? #whitegirlproblems”
Heading out tomorrow for the Magnet golf outing at The Oaks. Should be a good time and looking forward to meeting some new people.
It is so hot out. The parents stay for practice?
What a great idea! Nice to support other local businesses...
Explain how I got 3 tests tomorrow but tomorrow is Friday
I literally just passed that chipotle and thought of how many times I ate there when I was at LMU
You're so cool, please keep calling my phone and screaming penis
Goodnight Friends! Time to Dream with God! Sweet dreams and I'll see you tomorrow!
#student Neighborhood stabilization funds would help Newnan revitalization
lol aw I hate school. I'm just laying in bed. Hahaha(:
that the finals?
man spring break is almost over
ReTweeting Poised Creation never goes out of style!
not yet. Are u in the mil
Lots of good tips at Learning to Juggle session. Thanks Tina!
Been having a real bad attitude lately..
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it
The BessFrandd & I cannot Decide our Matching Tatts, Aiy this why is so Hard? & yet we're so Alike, lmao.
Good morning handsome! <3 =)
Welcome, happy tweeting
i mean i was cool with him tho.
my cereal box informs me it's "Cap'n Crunch"
I'm saying brewers fans generally have no problems w twins folk.
If Ohio's SB 40 passes, the OH Dept. of Health will feature CRPS/RSDS educational info on it's website. Contact your senator.
Thanks for celebrating with us! We hope you enjoyed the experience with us!
Me too bruh they need to sho out to night 2
Me to.. only because Dre was playing games as usual
Friday, tommorow! About ready for a good ass weekend , ha PARTY! <3
About to attempt to finish this paper!
RT : #Austin shoppers, support #smallbusinesssaturday. Visit my friends, & today.
RT agreed Question that last one. Should it be "The National performs" or "The National perform?" either way, they're awesome.
Havin a session wit. missing.
No kidding. I'm surprised at how well Kareem Abdul Jabbar did, he's good at more than basketball! :)
#gridworks was just released this past monday so you're not alone in being new to it
Tweetin live from my Brazilian Wax where if u don't relax you scream
have a good time on tour buddies
that album seriously changed my life.
wait.. I'm actually understanding physics again? what is this?
Our latest gift card winners are ZACHARY VALLIN and JENNA UNDERHILL. Congratulations!
Got a kindle 2 for BF for his birthday & it arrives today. Can't wait to check it out.
iNSPIRING! RT : 17 miles into a muddy Backbone run, feasting at our first drop. Everyone still running strong, just 20 more...
I need a girl I can take to church and a strip club
well im tryin to rest up :) its gonna be a long night
Been cycling a lot lately.
Hope to meet you here Gina
Don't let gravities of the world pull your dream down... resist against it, become stronger and MAKE it happen
u do jerk
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For ? Please & Thank You! :)
You're totally welcome! :D
$3.99 cheese pizzas this week! Look for our brand ambassadors on campus to get a free goody bag as we pass out fliers :)
bring a baseball bat and give them a dirty look on Monday. #gofortheknees :)
Haha well almost. I couldn't breathe so I got pulled out
This is the start of something great
Okay, off to queens now.
Top 5 Ways to Save Money on Summer Camping Trips
Favre deserved better treatment from GB. Looks like that decision paid off: 14-3 scorebaord
what ya painting?
so today I discovered I can do a split omg (':
aye you never know what provider do u have verison
#1DVDforme because from the moment it came out everything changed I knew I had to get it whatever the price.
#BOYFRIEND justin Bieber >>
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Thanks for the follow!
TikiDolls! We want to get to know YOU! Tweet your favorite outfit and mention us, for a 10% discount on your entire purchase at Tiki! (:
lol my mom wanted black Angus for her mothers day dinner I wanted shabu shabu she won
#NewOrleansSaints suspended Coach Sean Payton wont be sidelined completely. He's agreed to coach his 12 year old son's football team
I love walking in museums and being able to ID things. I can't do it with many artists, but it's like, "OMG, I know things!"
omgg thanks so much!<3333 that literally made my night!<333 you're such a cutie!(:
Awe thanks girl ! Love you :D Haha
#neverbe taken advantage of.
“: Flipcup tourney changed from 4pm start to 2pm!! #flipcup spread the word!!”
The presence of that absence is everwhere.Edna St. Vincent Millay
If you are having negative thoughts, what do you do to turn those thoughts around?
Pro Tip! Whenever you run out of clean forks, try using a potato chip or a cookie. Plus! Extra calories!
wow another blessing festival, Snake Alley Film Festival will be screening our #Parkinson's #dance film in June!.. Iowa we are coming :)
I will always hate waking up early.
Thanks Mario! Will keep you posted on status of current transaction, and will follow up on new opportunities.
If you're trying to estimate your fee you can use a good faith estimate and alert them with the assumption, says Ilene H. Ferenczy
Nicks parents asked me to choose something he would like from Coach for his birthday and told me I can help myself to something too.
ever upload your photos to shutterfly? your videos to youtube? same diff. ask for a refund from facebook. wait a minute...
My god why can't people... just leave me alone! ;(
Coming home to a shoe full of cat barf generally means it's been a great day, right?
Bird singing lady lol
The fucked up thing is I remember everything like when our first time was our first phone call. Our first fight and the end
Feel like I'm on top of the world.
Are you the guy from the NIck/Artie show? MT : Walking through sunshine to watch Strasburg pitch Spring arrived in the District
holla at me when u hit s.a.
So u like nicks in ur ass!!!
Going hard at the gym with buddha lol
Thanks for the RT.
My mouth feels all empty now
"good vibrations" is one of the greatest songs ever. that is all.
Celebrating a rapid fire birthday with sixteen-year-old daughter blows out candles grabs the loot and goes sigh
Plan your next event at Petterinos! Private bar and dining rooms accomodate anywhere from 20 to 350 people!
It has not been confirmed
Since its football season, look for jerseys at Goodwill. You can buy them for under $5, and sell them for a nice profit on eBay!
its kinda stupid but Haudricourt always mentions Ichiro Jones whenever Ishikawa does anything.
YES. Do it, take a picture, then show me and I'll tell you whether it suits you or not. I'm almost certain you'll look adorable!
HEY! And lol, yeah. I'm fine.
what do they do?
The bruise that's about to form on my left leg will be at least 4 inches in diameter. Thank you white trash bash....
Mjq going in
Always surprised when students think I might not notice that they turn in less than half of a major assignment.
yes you can
yeah like you babes x
bro let's connect, I see we are in the same line of work. I work with Goudelock of Lakers and Neil of ESPN.
That's nice :)
Had my First Track WorkOut In A while bout to make a Lowkey come back, track coach Got Me Signed up already for summer Track meets
Need some real estate help. Does anyone know of a camp that recently sold? TIA!! (if you have real estate friends, would you ask?)
Mecca Arena, where they can T shirt toss all the way to the rafters.
I'm so glad the #Reds got rid of Josh Hamilton. Now he's Texas' problem. Nothing 2 do with the game just something I needed 2 say.
what you tryin to get??
HE'S SO FUCKING HOT sorry I got excited but yea
Rock and roll! That's awesome. I'm still waiting. Hate waiting.
It sucks that all those negatives sayings about Oakland get reinforced today. I just feel for those who are affected by this shooting today
Leadership is important to innovation - direct NOT control
Rochester, New York (AP) July 4th, 2009 – Rickey Lee Watson quotes “Today marks the start of one of the most exciting days of my life .
Hi, ever read the chronicles of amber, the chronicles of thomas covenant, or xanth
new song coming tomorrow!! Turning Tables ft. Adele
on air tonight in the Motor City 96.3 WDVD! Your Friday just got better people :) Music makes you feel good and I love to make you smile!
"If Im unable to forgive &extend friendship to fallen people,then its quite certain I know little or nothing of Christ's forgiveness to me."
Congrats . That's amazing. Make us proud.
you're blind.
i want someone cute to tell me im cute :-(
5 Augmented Reality Apps for Reporters Abroad (actually good for anybody that wants to translate using phone camera)(Mashable):
Best fried chicken and waffles ever this morning. Heaven, I'm in heaven and my heart beats so that I can hardly speak.
Final show of the week-- #ARaisinInTheSun in
OH: "I am okay with your tech support folks swearing. It means that they are not following a script."
If u got tha pink , we got the green!
Really???? Damn 1/2 yard line and now this WTF
I'm trying to think of antonymic homophones - raise;raze, chased;chaste, fair;fare...
Power through, friend! There is an end in sight! I ended up only having to change my pw, but it was not pretty for 24 hours.
Woman carrying big Igloo cooler, in passing, I say, "You have a really big chest." Thank you, comic timing.
thanks Mike - Marquis Ave 4 life!
Just finished Malcolm Gladwell's "The Tipping Point." Highly recommended for everyone. (Thanks for the gift of a love for reading Mom.)
"Hearing that Gottschee has filed legal action against the Cosmos" Why are they doing that?? Are they feuding about something?
I got to check it out. Do you read sci fi and fantasy?
you'll be just fine. If you wanna see stupid just look at my freshman year Calc final.
Beyoncé hit in my playlist as soon as I got off the bus and started to strut. It's like the music gods are saying "bitch, WORK"
Just heard on the preview of battleship! (some movie)lol.
BITCH after you take al that MAC MakeUp off, The FAKE Lashes out, Bust ALL that FAKE HAIR down out yo head ... You look JUST LIKE a Nigga!
In & out of DC dept of health in 8min - I'm reminded today that anything is possible
No Ladies?!?!? RT Talk to RT Looking for 5 new york city based dudes for a cooking feature. Any takers?
what's your thoughts on Pacman and Mayweather not fighting?
RT Farting in crowded galleries #secretjoys# <--only use one hashtag baby :-)
Mr. President dont take this personal, but dont let the door hit you in the ass
Taking a break to watch #NorthLondonDerby - hopefully #Spurs can beat #Arsenal with a bit of #Luck!
Buy With Gold in the 3rd at Woodbine :)
Absolutely!!! Go NY! RT: Tom Coughlin is a 'Cuse grad - does this mean you are cheering for NY ?
at my first tigers game. comerica is gorgeous but obviously since im doing this, im bored.
I LOVE HATERS <3 They keep me motivated and keep me true to myself!!
Forgot the game was on television out of market tonight. Still listening to & Dave though.
Congrats, I love when people get what they want :-)
thank u!
“: Mormon backwards is moron.” oh...okay
thanks for submitting to installator. Please send more!
RT : Mark your calendars NOW! The next #runchat with me & is May 8.
howdy Ronnie D. SD rules.
if I don't get out of here by 6pm I'm going to STAB someone!
Twitter keeps suggesting I follow Wil Wheaton, but I cannot, purely for personal reasons.
Happy Spring Equinox to you as well! :) #BlessedBe : Happy Spring Equinox everyone.
From yesterday's visit at Woodridge library: Woodridge is like that old TV show Cheers -- It's where everybody knows your name.
Thanks! RT Just picked up FW Parabola from on Chicago. They've got 36 bottles, $18.
i emailed them the other day. do you think it's a good gig?
Now I know why SHARK Fights ruled...well, besides Bas & Frye
"Cranberry Beret."
is helping me to enter to be your prodigy! I really hope i win! Its my dream!!! (: <3
Thos so boring idgaf bout what yall gotta say :P
How Will I Know When It's Loaf?
oh, you know, just sampling a new flavor of vodka while at work
guess I shouldn't wear mine monday... O
Another Manic Sunday, but sold a Madone today Just such a great bike!
aww thanks jessalyn! where's my peppermint tea?!
me of course! Love u girl!
#NP swim good
I know :( try texting me again but if I don't reply then it's still not working
Just watched Crazy Stupid Love.
Ps. Prayer doesn't do anything except make lazy people feel proactive
Say you're going to a public restroom. Does your butt ever touch the seat?
YOU are the man! Thank you so much for sharing!!!! It means a lot!
Imagine spilling one in your purse driving to a meeting & having your notes/gear/EVERYTHING smell of milk
In a failed attempt at saying 'Oh my gosh' my sister said 'Oh my Josh' instead. New phrase = coined.
Happy Tuesday Everybody :) How's your day going?
FOLLOW ME AND I'LL FOLLOW BACK
tell me why as soon as I left Ms. Muhammad I sang the part perfect I was mad as hell gee -____-..
Deep thinking
Okay, I don't even go to #Pitt but I want for everyone's sake for these #PittBombThreats to stop
Thought 8- in 5 games against the #dodgers, the Brewers are 4-1. There have been a total of 16 runs scored in those games..
Its creepy
happy friday to ya! Enjoy the sunshine while u can!
I was trying to tell you happy birthday but...well you know..lol or don't know...lmao
Hey, I know that place. And I know ELVIS! How could they lay off Greg if they've got the budget for epics like this?
Highly recommend RPM for dinner ... Food is awesome and they play trance!
Np' The Kill 30 Seconds To Mars
Never heard that. Where did you read about the liver-destroying nature of java, my life's blood?
Awww my French teacher is so nice. She gave us cookies <U+E022>
u have a great point
Mark your calendars now! Our Victorian-themed Holiday Marketplace is Sat., Nov. 12,10am-4pm. Vendors, music, raffles, bake sale, & more!
Standing in this madhouse.
I sets em up, he knocks em down
Amen! RT : I'm am such a night person.
Thanks for the follow back :)
if my contract is fully up by then I'll holler at you...thanks for the look out
Congrats to for winning MVP! He is the son of a #chiropractor. All those adjustments have paid off!!! Green and yellow!
CCDC meeting room over flowing as Fat City Lofts project about to be heard.
I can't sleeeeeeeepppppp Did you pass off your insomnia?
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.
Hey everyone! Come see my husband sing this Sunday at The Rock Church in San Diego! All services!!! U don't wanna miss this!
Ask iLounge: Managing Devices in your iTunes Store Account
DM received, thank you. checking on this now
move to the front of the line
thanks for the tip - they look great!
Im starting not to give a fuck.. <|3
Such a huge fan!!(; I hope they go to the warped tour!!! #Doubt the Fallen
We in trouble
I'll bet a new bottle of SPF 15 to help work on your roadmaps, as your friend,,not to cop-a-feel
Out with our team celebrating our terrific admin, Maria. It's great serving with her.
yay!!! way to go wish you much success, God bless!
Tons of IT Jobs open in Detroit. Contact me for Info! - I'm pumped about that and also pumped about the MLB Playoffs - Go Tigers! 2011.
I need to follow some weirdos later get my TL exciting
Come get your fitness on 5:30-8p. 4 classes - & it's all FREE.
you're welcome! Lol, I haven't talked to you in forever!
RT : Remove your brand from the story in content marketing. Authentic content is shared more. -
Ready to burn one who's down
PLEASE kill yourself... PLEASE. I want to be a part of it.
Belatedly...yes, wish you had been there too. See you I hope at SEA.
Sometimes I just have the urge to delete my twitter. It causes so much stupid hate & drama. but then again, I'd be bored as hell without it.
finalli out the joint
WHAT CHANNEL
. I got my order in. Maybe the rest of the table will get better service now.
The faces are priceless!!!
i want a tattoo. but i think it will hurt too much
yet another day spent jacking off to that makeout between Michael Ian Black and Bradley Cooper in Wet Hot American Summer. So yeah, good day
am i the only one dreading these last two days lf .. ?
yi er San! Lol my teacher just writes it once and expects the non Asian people to be pros at it like wtf.
My keys got locked in the car earlier. Glad to know I still have the hanger touch.
At the library book sale.
Your kids didn't have it broadcast on national radio after having their own words distorted. There's a difference.
Wake n bake Internet!
Started cleaning my room and my first thought was, "dang, I have enough room for a twerk fest in here now"
... Old School Saturday
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Junior Clinic today!
Marshalls accuser smelled easy money, but forgot big brother was watching!
cool tell me how it is thinking about getting one
can't wait to have you! PS dropped off a gift for you, it's here waiting for ya....
Everyone welcome and follow the gorgeous on twitter. :)
Disappointed, shocked, and confused are all words I use to describe Dale Hunter not returning.
Eric, Your favorite Saturday afternoon bartender, is making big Bloody Marys for 3 bucks. Get there soon before he runs out!!
Darling, if it flowed any more it'd be coming out of a hose.
: Some of my former students have 'friended' me and it is lovely catching up with them. I even met a grand-student recently.
I demand excellence from my students. I wish they demanded it from themselves.
You mean that quote? No! A creep at Dartmouth who's outting fraternities.
Shit. i just put my life on the line.
Only God can turn a mess into a message, a test into a testimony, a trial into a triumph, a victim into a victory.
My addiction Youtube Beauty Gurus >>>>>
ur brothers funny from what I can tell by what u post an I think there is a bad boys club it should be on soon
Is your teeth bones
awk butt touches and feel ups from the guy in the lane next to you #NiceToMeetYouToo #Hangoutsometime?
One good thing about being young is that you are not experienced enough to know you cannot possibly do the things you are doing....
We survived the storm last night, but now I'm so tired.
RT Worry is temporary atheism.
they keep forcing Fat Albert's Xmas special on me.
Closed tonight for maintenance, false sense of security refurbishment.
Great day everyone has there game face on! @ beating begin!
Additional basketball comment.
Yes, , female red bellied woodpecker. Photo was shot at high magnification from cell phone, so kind of grainy. Great job!
Despite a stomach virus, Kobe Bryant will play tonight in Game 6 vs Denver.
affordable used but newerish good hatchbacks. Which usually boils down to the Honda Fit. But used prices are nuts.
hit it out of the park tonight at 9pm at #PanPacificPark Arrroouuu!!
Just saw Pinterest logo at the bottom of a TV commercial in between Facebook + Twitter logos. Google+ logo was not included
Gotta do some essay's :c
Its friday!!!(: Gosh im so happy(:
I study RTF and have some friends in journalism. it's a useful major, and also easy to find a job. plus, every media...
you know we're both at rounders...together...friends...
Director who abused film tax credits gets prison sentence
I should've never cut #oomfs off.
Some guy knocked on my door asking for a small donation for the local pool opening this summer, "I gave him a bucket of rianwater"
It is estimated that 13.7% of household water is wasted by leaks. Check your water meter when no one is using water in the house.
Also , I took an online class via NYU last year... your digital class interface is SO MUCH BETTER!
maybe it wasn't such a good idea to be friends with that fish :P
I wish I would've stopped for breakfast b4 work I'm hungry
great presentations at #melus12 thanks for the follow and enjoy the rest of the conference!
Why does Ted Nugent have to be a Republican? "Wang Dang Sweet Poontang" is the jam.
its hot in my house and i need a move -__-.
I can't even focus now and I'm about to take a huge test..
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleLove "Half Off"
Sitting in Richmond waiting to testify on behalf of bill to allow bottle sales at the distillery...keep a good thought :)
glad to see you got a chance to speak at the show
Made a few small changes to the home page this morning. The new profile is coming soon too. It's in private beta testing now.
Did they make action figures for this show? Not that I'd want a Saracen one or anything.
Today's question: what is the one song by that you could have playing on repeat all day long and still absolutely love it?
Loving life to the fullest!
super foggy outside! just like my brain for forgetting my coffee today on the counter.
Omg! We'll talk soon
I never got into that whole "planking" thing...but for some reason all my fb friends think it's the most hilarious thing on planet earth.
Shoot first...
Gremlin is the hormone your body secretes when you feed after midnight.
its like this "it aint over till its over" and i see one more game left ;).
so mean
There needs to be a birth control pill for men. women carry almost all of the responsibility/burden when it comes to pregnancy prevention.
If you foresee something bad happening, and you set yourself up to make good from it, that is not bad. That is smart.
happy mothers day to the best mom out there, i love you momma.
We are booked for this weekend. Book early for the best limos and limo buses in Pittsburgh. Http://www.thepittsburghlimo.com
Hahaha lol too funny it feel good in here Yo its all warm i see why now lol RT : Tanning w/ the bestie :)
Awake since 4:30 & a busy day today. Thank goodness for diet coke.
Im a Die hard cowboy fan I hate hoe ass sometiming as cowboy fans I ride to the end dtown baby
I'll be the greatest fan of your life
": Oh the Deadskins being the Deadskins... @ least this might mean they are commited to McNabb" no way there committed to him..
I have never been known for having a clean desk, this is true! Hope you are using the space heater..
He say he miss his old bitch miss the bitch cus old for a reason
funny shit is his mans in the background thinking shit is fire not knowing its stolen #10/4stolenrhymes
Beautiful finish today!! Good luck in the Final!
I'd rather get one message that touches my soul than 50 that advertise.
Yeah, even an apple tutorial shows to do it like you're describing, but the link doesn't go where the tutorial says it should
I admire your willpower.
S/O to the party promoter working overtime to print club flyers for RGIII's arrival tomorrow night...
whoa! Turning channel now
yay! glad you enjoyed & we could help! RT : Loved our10 course dinner ! Thanks to for this awesome menu!
sometimes I just want to scream.
The risk of him suffering a life threatening injury is too great. But Collins was a great player and will be missed
please follow my account please luvies <3
If you love your nigga .. give him head, don't deprive him .
5 people I really hope to interview in
yea but since we aint in the playoffs its okc and the heat
is on both ESPN channels at the same time. I think this is the closest to Hell I'll ever be in this life.
great finally meeting you in person at actors connection nyc!!
Good morning!!! Today I am grateful for life!!! We take it for granted like we're entitled to it....we're not. Have a good day!!!
Thursday! :D Tomorrow Is FRIDAY! :D Good Morning ! :)
I'm new to following you & really enjoying ur twts-I read many to hubby!
the beauty of simplicity
no to what question?
truthfully, I kinda agree.
“: Q3) How should brands prioritize Twitter compared to other social platforms? #SWChat”
Spotted an ordinary dude on the bus reading TFiOS. The John Green wave is gaining momentum...
th him Dont try to be his bestie Dont complement him Dont even hug him Dont ;)him Dont rate him Dont smile at him Dont worry about HIM hes m
I prefer stupid love stories like 50 first dates over stuff like the notebook.
As Good As It Gets and the Bad Seed are the Best!
I drink a lot of 12 and a little 18, but I'm not sure that I'm baller enough for 22.
thanks for the follow.hope you like our music.recording new songs this summer/fall.rock and blues rock!
DM us your address and we'll send it out today :)
: "There's not just one feminism, not just one cyberfeminism"
I'm trying to be brave.
thats not good D:
RT:Volcanic ash cloud is an excellent argument for local food, as Euro markets now have no produce, because it's all flown in
Its gonna be weird wakin up tomorrow with no parents here
Good to see you up and tweeting!
When you're dreaming with a broken heart, then waking up is the hardest part.
FROM RNG IS SO PRETTY OMG
yes! if any of my dances go lol
. #HolisticMoms As kids get older, they seem to start to fear things that really are scary -parent death, war, climate change.
OUR 20% OFF RED TAG SALE IS STILL GOING ON TILL WED!!!!
hey how r u?
for some reason that was my most clicked on post today
yup RT : I could watch #duckdynasty all day...oh look, a marathon.
To honor musical pioneer Franz Liszt, pianist William Wolfram is performing at Wisconsin Lutheran College, Jan. 30, 7p.m.
#Rangers don't look good tonight...I don't get it.
i like
Yes, I have been rebooked but I am missing my entire afternoon in Montréal. BOS is not quite as charming. Thanks for the info.
pls mention me thanks
MLS refs take incompetence to another level.
Just saw New Years Eve , officially depressed . Fml .
Any of you #MKEtweeps know where I can get a #DIY #kombucha starter kit?
Yea I could see that being fun. J E T S, Jets, Jets, Jets. Should be a good season for the green guys.
What's on your Christmas list? Maybe the photos of our low-fat menu will help you make up your mind.
Seems we may have been hacked friends, sorry! Do not open links from today, have fixed it now, so all good to go for tomorrow!
They should be paid a market rate as determined by their employers.
U made me smile :) RT : Totally fine with driving 200 miles from MD to NJ because I get to hear my radio idol
seen you on Instagram where do you reside?
depends of the activity! if you're just taking pictures at a party, a strap is enough. If you're traveling, go for the case!
#FollowFriday for kindly helping us get out the word about our #SavorSouthMad Scavenger Hunt!
At the Nevada. Broadcasters association dinner @ the red rock
God put eyes in the front of our heads :: so we can look ahead, not back.
as someone who has been up since 5am. No, I can't not deal with that.
Sunday is the day! Greenlake, golden gardens or Alki?? Anyone have a key to Northbeach?
I can't wait around forever '
Been putting off a new website, graphics, or seo? sign up Fri & get 25% off, sign up Sat & get 20% off, sign up Sun & get 15% off
oh i remember. N heyy! Imy2. Wats been up?
why the hell u reading my tweets and I leave the sucking the cocks to you (little ones ;)
Say hi to for me. Go Cougs! “: Headed to #Pitt for #CBI final with #WSU"
Rebuilding my 64bit laptop...bad sectors...first installed two new drives with RAID0 with the help of my 2-yr-old. He's really smart.
#thesave is for those random times that some amazing is eliminated and shouldnt be just like tonight.
Pray for a plan.
#whenihavekids I will be happily married
Neil Diamond and #Fenway. Both are 100 years old and recently had reasonably acceptable facelifts.
much colder.
Planning our menu for our Thursday night Holiday Party! Any requests?
KG aka "The Big Ticket" aka "Ol' Faithful".
RT : RT : “It is as wrong to deny the possible as it is to deny the problem.” Saleebey
The doc tells me I'm super healthy. Going to celebrate with a hughjazz hamburger.
just wondering cuz you said twitter was gay haha
sheik is crazy !
Will the #Maryland Senate/House take up the Film Tax Credit Bill this special session?
Thanks for commenting on the #UMBCsocial blog. We're excited to get the ball rolling on this conversation.
It costs 1.8 cents to make a penny and 9 cents to make a nickle. huh?
well if you must know. expecting a guy to be involved.
#riseabovehate im with you 100 percent
If any of my friends are interested in going to the PQ Monthly Press Release Party tonight, I can help with carpooling!
I saw yo mommy & she hugged me Lolololol. :p
ah you are incredible much love coming from back in Ireland! <3 so hope you go through :) :)
U GOTTA do whatcha GOTTA do!! LoL :D
What's an "overly shiny" screen? I agree with the second part...I do like to buy shiny objects.
Shut up loser. (; and there I deleted the tweet so HA.
If you get home at a decent hour (around 9:30) I'm down.
Every cloud has a silver lining
See your boy cp3 crying like a baby all night last night?.. I did. Game 6 baby!
BooBoo is not following back </3
RT : Thanks so mutch for the instruction | you're welcome! Any trouble just let me know.
When someone texts you 50 questions in one message...smh
In for another long night #ihateschool and
Mixing 4 new blues songs.... "Ease On Down The Road", "The St. Louis Rag", "When Love Comes Around" & 'Let's Go Dancing Tonight'
are you watching the Met gala online tonight?
thanks Andy! We're online only--starting a big redesign to focus more on games and feature magazine stories
Ol stinky doo doo smelling boy
Waiting in line to see with lots of other foodies! A nice way to start my Sunday.
Thanks to and for the #FF shoutouts!
Hair straighten ... Y'all can't tell me nothing *Does Hair Flip* <U+E253>
Congrats! You our one of our winners in last week's Bobcat contest. Direct message us your adress and we'll send you the album.
that's a bad string of luck. Probably happened yesterday on Friday 13th. Smooth sailing from here.
follow me
he's not bad, reminds me a lot of myself, except I'm way more knowledgeable ;)
bored. D:
do you still want to get sushi tonight??
My Jesus league is tonight, I pray that we win? We'll see, some very good players, some less than average. Why do I play on these teams?
Beat the Clock challenge returning? Awesome.
It is a good place to find a balanced view in this world of eating disorders
Round 2 ,Easter egg hunt,adult prizes.Sounds by ComputerFam. Easter Bunny Appearence,come take shot with him. RSVP 5032587335 -NPDX Ent
It's GRIND time!!! I'm out here, call it pre production. I'm am OFFICIALLY Taking Back OVER
Three sided duvet promises to revolutionise housework
Hear hear! RT Congrats to (Hank Phillippi Ryan), nominated for 3 Emmys for investigative reporting!
Feeling the therapeutic power of good music! Have a great week a head people. Peace
Thanks for the #FF Have a Happy
That nap was well needed
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"
YES. RT : Dear Star941Atlanta, I like Adele. But, "I've heard...." her played 6 times today.
Uh ya..just holla
#SometimesYouHaveTo ... pay close attention... the littlest details draw out the big picture...
Cant believe didn't have one mention of Dan Wheldon death. And it happened on their network. Right before the newscast.
I hate watching foodnetwork at night b/c it always makes me hungry
Walking around with my hood up bc I was unprepared for the rain. Hopefully no one shoots me.
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats. - Amos Bronson Alcott
it's a dollar. Not really worth it
Tomorrow is History test, sh*t!!
Stay away from chimp/frog YouTube video. Horrible. Guy who invented Internet, hope you are proud of yourself
lol I don't
Why can't Outlook be more like Gmail?
or maybe u could run and let them chase u. Haha
Looking for a Mid/Sr level Database Developerperm position- Siliverlight, WPF and C# experience. Hit me up if you think youd be a good fit…
good win, but as I saw other Spurs rooters mention that they weren't playing as good as they should've been, particularly Parker
that's on the quad!?
if u name it Gene instead of James Gym he might
feels that
Doing an onsite repair tonight! Hope to pray for the client. :-)
crap i didn't even think of that..maybe my dad left some here before he left..his drawers haven't been touched in years..hmm..
when are you coming back? ???
"SPECIAL WHAT?!"
Best first night of summer ever!
Austin is my EVERYTHING
working on a new electro beat , Cant wait to hear it!
Lmfao Kobe v Lebron debate in the barbershop. You KNOW I'm in this bitch !
nah d-rock being single is prime, you just gotta be you. girls will notice bro
come with me to a show thursday night!!!
Killed the show tonight at crossroads in Douglasville, Ga
It was a rhetorical question. You're old and wise enough to know what that means. :)
Yeah Walt is a Sav
YES. RT : I swear prom dresses get uglier every year
Everyone appreciates my husband (the musician) when he is not there...LOL. The music shouldn't have an effect on your praise...ijs
Strength of Adobe Connect is the chat pods and rich discussion that can go on in writing rather than speaking
Bryce Harper should have known Mark DeRosa is fragile.
I like cold pizza so much better than hot!!!
An Elon Musk project delayed? Why I never...
In parenting class all day long then I have to go to work...
hey this sounds good love it
well you could have come and delivered cupcakes, but you had stuff come up. Big group for a Ranger game soon?
#SEM10 Fernando Orejuela sang, in his presentation, "It's tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme that's right on time. It's tricky."
how do you like to spend your time?
Its life.
“: #NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.”
fake rat beside the drink machine at work? not cool - wish i had thought of it :)
Phony Alarm Company signs are not effective; a burglar can look on Google to see whether an alarm company exists.
did I mention to do it with your eyes closed? That would be a good idea
you are hot very nice ass
#wishfulthinking “: what happened to #Iamneverdrinkingagain #detox??”
Why does it always rain on the days I go to the hair salon? I think it's a conspiracy. #rainy days
hahahaha omg I'm so excited <3 yes
I see someone receives the OED word of the day.
We have several exciting opportunities for information management professionals! The open positions are located in #Boston, #DC, #Chicago,…
We're in Mumbai this week interviewing the 2012 Global Fellows and visiting Schools. More to come...
Great, actually. -smiles to myself, as I let out a happy sigh, looks up at you, smiling at you-
Hate to say it, but w/o Homemade Pie Kitchen sugar cookies, Santa at the Louisville Zoo is a travesty.
what was the beautiful tweet you had about Amy Winehouse? Time for that again x2.
#LoveYourTime? What times do you most like to spend with your #mom? Any special places you love to share?
Best wishes from !
It's looking like an iced coffee kind of day. Happy Friday everyone! Stay cool out there.
wendy was wash!!! Remeo nice!!!
Oh yeah, I definitely did. Is this your weekend?
NOTHING pisses me off more than teachers who waste my fucking time.
Who needs prom when I have
Sergio Bustos: Hispanics are "soccer moms of 2012," who they vote 4 depends on who convinces them he'll improve economy/solve immigration
Im gonna thank the lord i don't know who the hell that is.
As a veteran Maine lobstah roll consumer, am eagerly looking forward to trying for lunch.
What's going on in music, festivals and more: Florida Museum of Natural History, 3215 Hull Road. Admission: $4-$5. (846-2000) Spring ...
Our district is in need of economic development. I will introduce and support legislations that create and keep jobs in Miami-Dade...
and 86% feedback. nice.
Congrats to the 13 teens that graduated high school or received their GED while living in our Transitional Living Program. So proud of you!
Thanks for the great tool suggestion!
As time ticks, I get older, I get more depressed. My life gets more painful with you in it but yet I want to see u every day.
As a follower of mine, your check is in the mail.
if being sexy was a crime. you'd be guilty as charged. (;
Designer cake pop making. (Note to self: Next time buy them.)
I just listened to #TurnToYou and it was amazing !! <3
12 hour work day tomorrow arguing with old people on the phone. How nice would have hitting the MegaMillions been? I will never know *sigh*
Happy Mothers Day and all others!!!
Happy #MusicMonday! What's on your playlist today?
This is the first morning where my tits aren't nearly frozen. Happy Wednesday errybody!
this is no fluffy fluffy bunny it's cinco de mayo
if you really like her and want to be with her you should try and work it out.
BHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I can't breathe
nice work and good explanation! So analytic output used in reports, report is what is presented to the user?
We didn't enter awards, or canvas our users to vote for us. Were asked to "sponsor" awards and buy tables. No thanks.
In the middle of a 3-hour meeting of environmental minds here.. everyone is chatting, I'm sitting and watching. Oh, the librarian life.
Tweeting at exoctic hours of the night cause youve never heard of this thing called sleep.
The most rhinestone cowgirls
ok ok I take it back! Your the best in the world way better then ! there happy? relationship fixed! :)
Q: What's slimy cold long and smells like pork? A: Kermit the frogs finger
Peter Bol: Licensing is a major problem for sharing geospatial data
Earth: put the 'h' in front and you get Heart. We Are Earth. Our hearts live in the Heart of the Universe.
DailyHookahTips#78: Once you put the lit coal on the foil, take a few draws to get it going. The shisha needs help to get smokey.
what does dysfunction mean in this case?
Crack babies.
This makes me do upset :( I just feel like crying<\3
Bleeding... crying... I've done a little bit of everything this week! Except sleeping... blehhh maybe i should try that...
I miss it there! Did you see the huge apple store?!(:
“Seldomly” is no more a word than “oftenly.” “Seldom” is the adverb, so resist the urge to add -ly.
I think the biggest hang up for artist is to not worry about harsh critics, but to paint what one loves and what people want.
a lil down depress n stress but im gucci thks for asking how about u
Playing music while at the gym is so important to keep you having fun and entertained. If you don't have a workout mix, you should
Anyone else having a problem with Ebsco eBook Collection landing page? Book widgets are not displaying for us...
The sparkle movie is gonna be good. I love !
Come in New York! Let's all get gay married. Go Gov. Huomo!
Ala, the movies are frkn full!:o I wanted to see 'The Avengers' >:(
OH YEAH 69 followers I love it
What up sluts?
Did anyone check out the Martin Luther King tour at the Levine Center yesterday? Missed it!
hi! Good to have you back.
Children's show at the miller theater in Tulsa. So fun. Kids are a great audience.
planning on it. Yeah.
All nighter. I'm so ready for bed haha. Just finished my last class to. Phew
#IfOnlyYouCould get my hair to lay flat without going insane..
Selena Gomez is singing on dancing with the stars; she is so hot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ha! yes, my inner bionic child.
Thanks man! Your stuff looks pretty awesome to! Nice portfolio to you to! :)
have a speech that made me cry like a baby in class today. I LOVE YOU.
Al Horford is back
yes michelle!
i've been away from you because i hate you so much!
Standing here amazed at the amount of gossip that spews out of peoples mouths when not a thing pertains to them omw
-- to me, the appeal is in the combination. I'm not sure whether I need to dig into it, being happy with mature graph DBs though.
Visual Studio Express 10 is free and GNU is free. But Visual Studio gives you all of Windows and the phone and stuff. Imagine!
Told ya!
I mean Kinkade heckled Seigfried & Roy in Vegas & pissed on a Winnie the Pooh stuffed animal, all while maintaining a Christian front. Wow.
livin life to the fullest
Thanks a lot man! That would be amazing to skate out there
how old are you
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2728><U+2728><U+2728>
The pooper scooper just got a workout. And it broke. Exactly how much dog poop equals a "shit ton"?
In Case You Missed It: Exelon Shareholders Vote for Mayo Shattuck as Executive Chair, Board Approves His Compensation -
- is it a feature of 6.5 that when you click Zoom in the toolbar the application crashes without saving?
. ...does your nonprofit have an existing network of supporters whose culture and momentum you can draw upon? More info?
Our Miller > your Miller Our Jones > your Jones Hahahaha!
Just met Tom Barrett :D
Not to worry here I WILL not TELL anyone. :) I plead the 5th if someone asks. :) Yes I bawled my eyes out! :'(
God is so, so good. He's there for you even when you have strayed away and will make your dreams come true with just a simple prayer.
Saw this couple having a nice outing
In the most biblical sense, I am beyond repentance. Fame hooker prostitute wench, vomits her mind.
UUgh more papers today and then tomorrow to the Doc!!
um..yeah i'm down to chill
#Team this #Team that... Yall aint on that team yall just cheerin. talkin bout some #TeamTatted :/ REALLY wit less than 10 tats?
Imma make sure you're not bitter all day :-)
Fuck, i'm so stressed out. I just wanna fuck someone up so bad. Ugh, you don't understand how mad I am right now.
Even with a thermos of hot cocoa? Drat.
The Knicks will be playing someone today!
Yea, it is crazy some of the things they find. You may want to check out Pawn Stars. They always have something different...
K and k take new York..RT
Thanks! DEFINITELY looking into this. Could make life much easier Check it out!
I'm starting to think is rather see cj up top with saad running in behind. Tealb first touch is worse than usual tonight for
Ugh! #UCS Fabric Interconnect refuses to built an FC port channel with MDS.
I’ve found that when I focus on promoting endeavors of others it boomerangs into a blessing for me. Promote someone else and get a 2 for 1!
Y'all ready for ten Steelers tomorrow!!?!
that's more than I could ever watch! I miss old Disney.
maybe i have a headache from barely eating??
How 'bout this week!
looks fake
Micro poetry. Right now somebody thinking about
that looks like a great festival!
Yes! RT : egg bake, cheesy hash brown casserole, French toast, #bacon & eggs...
workin. And listening to The Honorary Title :-)
Cee Lo's CAT has 64k followers..what is the meaning of life? -_-
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 16
WOOHOO. I hope everyone realizes this is just a casual dinner thingy. Nothing extravagant lol
And I just had tuna salad for lunch
First meeting of OSU safety task force under way...media not allowed inside...waiting to get comments after
thanks for the support, you're awesome!
thanks liz baby!!!!
Alfredo for dinner tonight with Broccoli and Salmon at Nalani's request! Yummers :)
Salem tonight at Wasteland, come out! We play last, 10:45.
Pacific storm blowing in hard from the south. Better pack this yardwork up and head for safer ground such as a writing desk. : )
must be the same reason the Parallels logo looks like the pause symbol on my VCR
We are now connected to the
Damn & some boy in Tampa already fcking up with school! Bomb threats...well they think he was going to actually do it.
RT Yoooo twit fam! We gonna be streaming live on We will be going live from the coke lounge. www.1035kissfm.com
Yes!! Thanks to , who came to the rescue!! Thank you so much for asking!
Just visited the memorial to the 32 students killed on Virginia Tech campus in 2007. Very sobering, very sad.
RT : at this point in our society we should have evolved passed this issue and recognized marriage as an inaliable right. period.
Wow! You saw the sandstorm.. looks beautiful but scary! Love animals and birds.. especially BIG Kitty's too! :)
PlanetTran Green Car Service is offering a 50% discount to new customers! Use coupon code NP-2010-XZVF when booking!
We have all the reaction to #Tiger's latest interviews in 1 place-www.ussportspages.com
Getting ready for revival service tonight at River Of Life in Smyrna TN!
Thx for the clarification, Peyton Manning's next touchdown pass after 399 will be 400 :)
I am really freaking awesome.
haha aaw im glad we're talking again brook and ok i'll follow u there
its sucha beautiful day out i just want to go frolicking through the meadows!
Has the JS paywall driven that many folks to BCB?
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
#blackparentquotes "you got mcdonalds money? o.O"
Duh i got em
Hi everyone :)
RT : Cancer death rates dropping in US but obesity needs to be addressed -- Annual Report on Status of Cancer...
BEST BIRTHDAY PRESENT OF MY LIFE: Alison Bechdel's new book just shipped!
One on left says "mammoth" to me; one on right is just plain old elephant.
Malcolm McDowell: Lone Wolf.
Places I want to travel to (aka day dreaming at the salon)...Bahia, Mykonos, Ibiza, The Dead Sea, the gulf of Thailand...
I got to pet a cheetah when I was in South Africa!
If I don't past the tests, no shows for me.
Yes. Posted top 10 content on SMB site today.
Wellington Fl, floors done today. Customers very happy with job.
ooh ik im sorry i had to go im im here now lol (:
Working on the first stages of the Nelson Denny revision!
Just saw I have 218 followers on Tumblr.
I just bough .5 lbs of 5 different meats for dinner tonight and for lunch during the week..
leave her alone. U have nothing better to do besides bully a girl whos 100%PERFECT? I guess so.
Party rockers in the house tonight..
I pray to God that the man on the ground will be okay :(
what size is ur stuco polo?
I <3 !! He is absolutely AMAZING . :D I swear , I wanna marry him someday . <3
Wooops. Went on the nightly last call dog walk a little too soon after the ambien.
agreed, however if there be a, hockey bar why no soccer? maybe we, propose "The Blue Line & The Pitch" :-)
RT : Make sure you check out the new tab on our Facebook page! We're giving YOU the exclusives!
Wednesday my man... Let's drink till then lol...
I honestly don't wanna go to school tomorrow
Penticton, I don't say this often... But your weather this weekend has disappointed me
I know
“: #brewers fans should follow , who's now on twitter. he gives up-to-date info and insights on the #crew”
It's Cinco de Mayo ALL week; $4 Negro Modelo, $5 shots of Patron...and 100 bones featured tonight. Thirsty Thursday done right!
Are yall following ??? Follow for sum exciting news for yall!!!!
oh #isner really can we get one american to make it to a #tennis final!!
Pro-tip: Safeway hides the batteries.
Man! I haven't been on Pinterest and Polyvore in AGES!! Forgive me fellow creators & pinners :)
ron paul is seconds away from foaming at the mouth CASTRO SOVIETS WAaAHAHH
give your back time to rest. A massage like that takes time to recover.
Every taxi in KC smells like old ass.
RT A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts. Richard Branson
Gotta say though… mission control needs some work. Some windows will cover others and make it impossible to see them… :/
Remember Don’t Drink And Do Laundry….Under The Influence Your Colors Only “Seem” To Come Out Brighter.
Has a case of the mondays...
Sorry for the flood of follow twts but only the top 200 will even get look at and just getting that chance means the world to me!! =)
"never better brother, never better"- curtis voice
“: a Real man isn't defined by the numbers of girls he had, but by the number of girls he's told "sorry, I'm taken."”
What's up with the need for anesthetic? I thought you were tough!
I'm looking forward to adding more bold colors into my makeup palette to match the colored denim trend
Based on many of my experiences in the tech sector - I find that largely untrue. You just may be a paragon among men :-)
I would recommend Wilton....just because I am a fancy man.... #fail JK on the fancy man!!
Can't wait to start my long week end in NYC with good food, friends and off course giant mojitos!!!!
South African artist Claudette #Schreuders is well worth a trip to - her art was refreshingly relatable.
Because I'm basically texting you through twitter even though I have your number
who's gramgram? Clearly not mine for obvious reasons #jerk :P
Just watched Diary of a Wimpy Kid with the kids. Cute but the #books are so much better. My 10-year-old was disappointed.
HEADING TO SEE BATTLESHIP!!!! This movie is going to be EPIC!!!!! I'll be posting my worthless opinion about it later.
Cooked down, topped with yogurt? Sugar, water? Cinnamon?
imma die alone cause of this rap shit ...
A solid one will stick by yo side through the HARDEST times, usually those are the ones that turn out the best.
Have you had a chance to visit our updated site? www.rx2you.com
haha, thats all i ever wanted to see and he did it for me.
#OWIF: The fishmonger seems scared, but we're hungry & wet from mist so we climb aboard the riverboat. Maurice the Carp can watch the raft.
oh wow i didnt even know that. haha i knew it looked bigger but i didnt see much of a difference =/
It's Friday, is starting off your weekend with Spring Break Fiesta Get there early!
Yea great people were born in May
Happy early
yes they do, yo ass prolly miss me
follow me please
Tweet your favorite car
on Saturday.
great speech
Yep never know. So what's new with you?
the floor is made of lava! life ceases to exist with gmailfail. kidding...good thing i have an immersion blender to distract me.
once you been taken of the market you never return but to a hand me down store. Don't get in a relationship for no reason you lose value.
yunno when she grows up
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
my yoga day is wed
Gotcha. I always wanted a pet cheetah, but that just wouldn't work out. Plus, I'm allergic to cats.
let me know u guys land safe See yall in the am. Holla
#Spring cleaning today at Workspring! We love getting the space #organized and looking its best.
“: don't worry I don't turn 15 til June 18 so I should be an eighth grader!” thanks for letting me know...
Whatever. #championshipsareforever I'll trade 10 of these for one championship easily
well,Bobby has a twitter acct...but doesnt look like he`s tweeted in the past year...so....
...and it wasn't even our church. I'm visiting my home town and it's the church I grew up in. My daughter's first time here.
it doesn't compute
Well tomorrow I head out...PACs my favorite artist of all time...I can't wait to see this holographic show in person...ain't watchin no vids
When hard work puts money in the bank, It usually ends up going into the gas tank.
To whoever wrote "honk 4 cats" on my rear window: thank you. I can't look in my rear view without laughing. BTW only 1 honk.
Never expect things to happen... It's better to be surprised than disappointed.
“: So far #wthrcares has raised $180,000 for #Indiana #tornado relief #inwx” That's awesome
Hyatt offers informative updates on City projects - The Tennessean
Just spoke with God. She's pissed. You messed with the gays. All you #GOP types are pretty much fucked.
Gosh today has been great!
Our late night set goes from 1-3am 2nite at public works
Had to leave before #jump. Didn't want to taint the memory.
Work is too boring
yeah. I'm just trying to survive too. It's getting hard. Do you have my #? DM me, I'll give it to you.
what school is that? Glad we don't have to go through it for another year or so
Tune into simmons.edu/radio to listen to us and other colleges on the air!
ATTN ALL: the sandlot is currently on AMC.
2 (so far) for 's Male & Breakthru. Hard earned and well deserved.
I really like your response to the RWW post!
Mahomies are the best! Beliebers can't even fall short of them!
pretty much.
WooHoo Synchronicity Red Wine Blend just got off the trucks and sampling at Spec's on Richmond... Come try it!!!
you look absolutely wonderful. We can forgive you for the bug bite on the forehead. <U+E056>
well fine...didn't want to see your faces at 2 anyway :p
Traveling to San Diego with the in-laws and my Father-in-law has gas.
LOL... No other way to think when it comes to Cookie, or maybe...... never mind... LMAO! You know where my mind just went.
It's a good night to drink some beer. Our sliding door is wide open!
I really like this Damian Marley song, wrestle me about it.
Hope it clears for you.
ordered the 'British Burger' and asked for extra British, server wasn't amused. ;)
Right on sister.
I'm tweeting while I wait so I don't look like the lonely guy at the bar
Rising #KyDerby hopeful Bodemeister will gallop Friday around 6a at Churchill Downs, says Bob Baffert assistant Peter Hutton.
Chen has so much swag out there tonight. Dope.
I can't believe it's been since last Thursday since I've talked to you all. I do apologize. Hope all of you are well and enjoying life. C-YA
messed up I mean ; IF YOU WAS FOURTEEN BABY .
Who's winning guise?!
Tomorrow is my "torture" scene and then more Spanish studying.
nice Thursday enjoy your day!!
he tapped my foot with his foot and he was like I SOWWY AMANDA nd gave me puppy eyes
netflix you have betrayed my trust, you said i would like "how to make love to a woman" my god you were wrong. for shame netflix...for shame
school is finally OVER YESH!!!!!
Go get EM Big Man!!!
Hi Jewels how u doing today and I hope the Giants win tonight too xoxoxo ;-)
Got the news that my "free floating"CD was nominated and won the album of the year at the pianosolo radio station! Exciting!!!
...and a serviceman’s standpoint on Iraq that is important to the story. SaM
We second that emotion
... and 0% will try to do anything about it.
Embarrassing Student: "In order to have peace, sometimes you must arm yourself." Unfortunate but true!
It's all my fault.
But I'm ready to relax and enjoy myself tonight!
I had a dream where my Physics teacher was a Jew owned by my Nazi family and all the power in our warehouse went out for no reason...
stop dressin up like Gordon Freeman get down to PDX. See ya tonight.
When you feel like you're drowning in life, don't worry because your lifeguard walks on water. Jesus
anyone who complains should really re-think things. Well played and reffed game, better team won. End of Story
once again, he already is following me...
Old school, new school need to learn though- I burn baby burn like disco inferno.
I'll be in Minnesota in 14!
i really love u
Big thanks to & for joining us this past Saturday on Denver Sports Nation
I am just happy I am already at work when I see those tweets :-).
Big time! Break a leg lady!
did my make-up (y). I'm wearing make-up :s
Omw to work ready to knock this Ish out legs n feet still sore from last night Lol but I'm making money :-$
Party at the pier...the place to be.
its okay louis (; WE LOVE YOU <3
If You Cant Live Without Me., Why Arent You Dead Already.? <|3
it has to be because I ain't comin!
I always like Ari Nicole Parker, but felt bad that she had to be in that...accompanied by the tragic weave
Annexation of Texas, and the attack on a U.S. Patrol north of the Rio Grande by a Mexico. 16 U.S. soldiers were killed.
Yo if i had vocals like i would make panties drop!!
God Morning what time is it in austria?
my aunt lives right on the river and she took me and granny around town.
ur sisters or so so pretty!
Congrats to the Medal of Honor recipient. One of our BRAVEST!!
Lmao ^.^ I love fucking with you
Works for me!
all i rock is polo
I just found your podcast and I have to tell you - I am lovin' it. Keep 'em coming!
Cedar is my archnemesis. I must defeat the green haze
At work... Thinking about my baby. I just want this to be over with already. I'm tired of waiting
Just a friendly reminder that our office is closed Monday! Have a great three day weekend.
#20FactsAboutMe my tweets be the realist
to get raped by my girlfriend
I don't know if I'm gonna vom or pass out
lol...yeah do that..
Got my package yet? :)
Disappointing someone you care about <<<<
I'm sorry #ghettobabynames Amirycle pronounced A miracle
I'm not at wrk.. I'm at the airport.. Now kiss my ass<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Boy's favorite science fiction movie is Blade Runner. Girl's favorite science fiction movie is The Fifth Element.
Debated Gibbs at Stanford U? Haha! You do live dangerously. :)
RT If a puppy doesn't make you smile, you might be a Cylon.
Keselowski gets push, Talladega win - Charlotte Observer
site is solid:)
Time 4 something new? "Tribal Energy Cardio," a contemporary workout, combines African-style dances & rhythms w/ a full-body cardio workout
I like Thinking Mathematically by J Mason. No ipad version though. This is the red book that I told u abt when we chatted.
Signature J will be hosting a publication event this Saturday 12pm-3pm in the campus center
Witnessing the collapse of the common man.
Alan Kay: "Lib arts facult poorly educated"? Even if we've been teaching multi-disciplinary gen ed for many years?
i just heard, but thank you!
Just woke up form my wonderful nap omw to work soon
I'm Watching The Trayvon Martin Story On BET. & That Fat Bitch ZIMMERMAN Can Rot In Hell For What He Has Done! He A Punk Ass Bitch...!
lol i guess so
This time last week at #sundance meeting the crew of #MiddleOfNowhere crew at the #vibe soiree
Great to see a play at the plate end the game in Cincinnati last night. What a throw!
In 1913 today-New York World published what is known as the first crossword puzzle created by Arthur Wynne,journalist,Liverpool, England
There are plenty of people that want to see humans on Mars soon but they don't realize that THEY are the solution
yup :P it's getting late, ttyl goodnight :)
slow but sure...had 4 accidents when I came home other than that it was a good day for Dee
hate was so 2008 brah, for real, let's get up soon
Just had dinner in our sukkah! Love the fall holidays.
you have no idea how close this Android App is. Look. Behind. You.
first, u must select an appropriate shoe, one the man will not miss right away.
Whether you think you cant or think you can, either way youre right.
Pounding headache, no sleep, neck hurts like a bitch... I need a bed
In case you're considering buying furniture from Macy's, reconsider. It's been a long slog through people who don't know much about service.
Walking to school and work today, I need to get my license.
If you don't already - be sure to follow us on #Twitter at HomelessFund.
any suggestions?
Its only one possession Coach.........what a shame, we lost by two
*proceeds to raise both hands in the air and wave them frantically* me please!
Be conscious of what you're 'feeling' today because you'll attract more of those 'feelings' to you.
Chris Davis just crushed a solo HR to RF. back of the flag court if not just outside on Eutaw!! up 10-1:)
TDK Corporation Announces New Series of Extended Life Capacitors
That's all I have to say, u can carry on tellin nukkas u the best and shit good luck wit that
I just hope we can sign him in Jan
I feel fat just looking at that lol
Buy any Spa Service at full price (non-promo item) and receive one free month of Latisse! That's a $120 value! Hurry while supplies last!
Hey Beauty just waking up 8am here in AZ, saw great tweets now I'm hungry lol! Want some chicken & waffles.
If you're looking to multiply your money, I suggest you pick up some shares of penny stock " LUSI.OB " Mark this tweet!
can u plz follow me<3:)
RT : Congrats and many many more to come...ComeUnity is be a staple in the Community for years to come! >> Thx!!!
Good morning to you, and thanks! What's your favorite part about it?
hey whoever u are, it's 2 separate scientists who are bashing the lab, not me. Even the real Sgt Friday would suspect a problem
Remember #SmallBusiness owners! Want a chance 2 win $50,000 in TV advertising? #Staples wants 2 give u a boost!
Thanks for following us!
depends where her thumb was before it went in the soup. Right?
exercise time .... lets go
“: see, I knew you would embarrass me...lls” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> u know I ain't got no home training.
welcome. We love you already! Good luck and get ready!
conjunto?? not sure that's a round 4 difficulty word people...
Happy THursday! Thanks for the mention.
So excited for the day!
Yes, like a fox! After 45 min. it gets easier. You get a 2nd wind.
Lakers, surprisingly Kobe Bryant gave this game away. I hope Mike Brown takes away their T.V. privileges on the plane. Lol.
RT : This #naturalhair journey is also a powerful reminder to me that like no other, Black hair elicits so many emotions i ...
See Us Live Thursday Night At Stage's Bar In Chicago Illinois.On the Corner Of Cicero And Montrose.. Live Thursday 15th December 2011
tweet your videos once theyre on youtube! :)
Finals week.
Girl Scout cookies for breakfast.
Jersey shore tonight. The start of new spring television. Gettin excited
hold up are you the John O' Malley that goes to my school?
that's ok..I dont bite
In those quiet still moments before you go to bed - do you ever hear that small voice that says 'You are meant for greater things?'
Brrrr RT : You're going to the Grand Canyon at DevLearn?!?! ON A MOTORCYCLE!??! IN NOVEMBER!!!!
Congratulations on your recent acquisition!
And a GOP controlled WH wouldn't?
Don’t let angry people make you callous. Keep the right attitude no matter the circumstances. SeanLetwat
I would give much embarrassment..lol :)
Good folks over there
ladies the last home reserves game is tonight show up at swope we <3
Reading episode features Maryanne Wolf (), Marcel Just (), and Charles Perfetti (), all of whom rocked.
#FF online sisters Love them :)
how did you know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> don't tell him!
Sandwich boards sound delicious.
Just got a call from Barbizon. This can be my shot to become what I want to be, wish me luck! Auditions Wednesday! <3
#IfITellYou NO, it doesn't mean try harder.
Dallas says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Let it go and let it be.
congrats on the ADA recognition!
I deadass can not have a conversation with someone from Delaware they deadass get stuck when I say a word or some shit , like lols
Atl got the Falcons, Hawks, & Thrashers. Which are all birds, who came up with the Braves? Why so different? <U+2605>Da Public's Eye<U+2605> #EyeOfATL:
Is vodka soda exempt? RT : Haven't had a sip of soda in 7 years. Waiting 4 a healthy one:) stated that u...
oh thnxgvng... a day for food, family, and Nickelback.... wait....
You know you watch too much tennis when you can impersonate every player
I forgot how hot Texas was in the summertime, Florida only gets to the high 90's and that's killa
I'm ready with my bowl of
I'm at the U of H Library to look at Summon. For all the panic that these places are going to get shut down they sure are popular.
Do you know a family or student in need of counseling or therapy in Oklahoma? Call us today to find out more.
I think of all the times you screwed me over, but it always made me think it was something i had done.
Y is it that im always tired b4 wrk and after wrk I get ths huge boost of energy?
Fallin in and out of bars on my own with my head up off the feound
One would think that somewhere after your 1st & before your 8th, you would have stopped making such unattractive children for our sake. Plz.
Watching Grey's Anatomy with a sleeping kitten beside me. This day is perfect so far.
david cross
I want some.coffee
The weekend is almost here! Anyone doing anything exciting for St. Patrick's Day?
"Is that the bathroom?" "If you want to pee in the kitchen." - our waiter at Dicks Last Resort
Hammershlagen time bitches and boys. See ya at oxfords at 8pm
Computer Crushes the Humans on 'Jeopardy!' visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
We know why you love your jobs - because you are great philanthropic supporters of the community! Thanks again for your help
we love Fab!
HAHAHAHA I got you
“: Remember, you're the best team in hockey. Start playing like it. #PensIn7” Preach.
Hope you are having a blast - enjoy #BwB4 =-)
welcome to Orlando, Valerie!
Looks like we are gonna finish above you matey. So so satisfying and we've spent bugger all :-D!
You know you're obsessed when you do all your work to #TheHungerGames trailer music (props to T.T.L.'s awesome "Deep Shadow" track).
Impressed by the program today.
Great happy hour specials at and trivia! My team will roll over the competition Like Germany did to the Netherlands in 1940!
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriend We'd Have 20 kids & I'd Keep Him Locked In My Room FOREVER & EVVER. We'd Be So Happy >:D
Chiefs game got you down? Cheer up with as they beat Houston and advance to MLS Cup! Kansas City deserves a winner!
The automatic paper towel dispenser in the bathroom has the same personality as HAL 9000.
I have had mine for 15 years, I'm a fan.
Whoever was responsible for that #MetLife spot with all the cartoon characters, thank you.
We are playing Bash on the Farm this year!
U think I'm not over you but the #TruthIs I moved on and found someone better
Thank you! I told my students I've been in 7th grade 10 yrs. Time for me to go to high school :)
good luck with everything!
Black Friday what I call every Friday when I fight the urge for human blood, but crack, and bite the homeless on MLK blvd.
I have to disagree. Yes, it was way overdue, but it will likely cost him the presidency. That means something to me.
"What am I doing?" - Me, to myself, after googling "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper."
Enjoying the game? You should stand up and yell -- come on Dunn!! you big lug!!
Bum Squad Djz. ... Dj Felon live in da video mixx....
Foster The People is great DART rail music!
So predictable cam. Please throw on 1st down.
yea i tried yesterday when he was on! It sucks! :'(
This weekend I don't wanna worry about nothin.
Big bright FULL MOON I cannot be held accountable for my actions
thanks Hope!<3
It smells like ass o____O
Smh. I am appalled. As my wife, date night should already be implied lol.
wow.. Will you teach me?
That is not cool. Do u want a pic of Demi and Selena?
7 days off. Hum what to do????
It's not how you shake it, it's WHERE you shake it. Don't stop bouncin!
i cant believe it
ahahahaha. This conversation demonstrates why I usually can't look at Twitter during the day. Too much fun.
From frozen CD players to bleeding dancers... Tonight was an adventure in stage management.
well it dropped me off a block our two from my house... What a ride!
1 more baby
ON MY JOURNEY HOME end of life care thru the eyes of ur loved one. Great C/g handbook. If you are goin thru a EOL journey this IS the book
Looking for something to do??? Text our host 630.235.7357 for bottle special! BRING some friends and make a party!
Glad to hear it!
we can talk about whatever,bands,movies, sex etc... lmao
i think i just fell in love o.o
"Sprinkle of Greatness" the mixtape featuring Tex! Coming in Feb! Free Tex! Meanwhile, search us on Rhapsody! Tex and Rook
Sometimes you have to block out others, to move and focus on the place you want to be...
Can't believe those turned out so well, since I was doing everything to get in your way!
Just put $10 in my tank and got 2.4 gallons. Ridiculous.
Thanks to I'm struggling with stairs. It's good to be back !
The 5th discipline. The answer to how is yes. Books to read.
RT : Attention friends!!! Follow Let your voice be heard via text on a social network! RT!
Nails done now time for my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Made it to Albuquerque. Drove through some wonderful rain!
I can be both at the same time!!!
I got a scratch on my face & don't even know what it's from.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
- What are your fav styles? Do you enter competitions or make up your own recipes?
Thanks for #ff !
Meet the Boys at a signing in FLORIDA That's All I Really Wanna Do
No problem thanks for replying btw can you please let me know when 1D is coming to SF thx :)
Or when it's ... Yknow what I mean gals
#3WordsOfAdvice You're all doomed!
Good morning!!
I am not a robot.
Jam Session tonight at the Falls 626 S. Spring St. Downtown LA come hang and play tunes.
Mitchell walk-off single and we're done.
The average American eats 3300 mg of sodium per day, almost twice as much as recommended... We have got to do better
Who of u want to hear me singing a song u want for me to sing ??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I agree most beautiful women become even more beautiful when they are pregnant, must have something to do with hormones
Just caught my friend looking all Hollywood awesome on TV with &
There are two type of pain in this world, Pain that hurts you & Pain that changes you.
Are you the one responsible for making sure that the Star Wars This is Sportscenter commercial just played during MikeandMike?
I found you :)
Can I see down
haha okay thug i hear you talking BG
Excited to start producing videos for businesses. All the forecasts I have seen have stated video will do wonders for marketing.
Nawww it's good here tho!
Wednesday is Ladies Night at and you can't go wrong with girls!!
Anyone else think Gotye kinda sounds like a Charlie Day who can actually sing?
Just pulled my first all-nighter since my IBanking days, working on a presentation. Powerpoint I shall never escape thee
Ha ha thanks Miller.
I dont know but me thinks you're karyn :D
Sounds like a blast! Keep enjoying every minute
Such a moccasin night
Michalko summary: from tweets, "We need to stop buying e-crap." context also creates desirability and demand.
It is. But he didn't help his re-election chances by swinging for the fences. q:
I had a chocolate croissant yesterday. That will have to do.
And good morning, even though it's raining.
I have to be honest I was blown away by all 4 finalists last night. Tough decision but I am team blake thick and thin to the end
We absolutely love that picture! Thanks
Can't wait to my cousin come back home! Things will be so much better! We will be inseparable, like we once were!
Listening to Lily chastise her friend: Emily, we're chipmunks! We don't have 'posable thumbs!
“: I feel like my girlfriend broke up with me, but I still want to be friends because I really like her family.” =
RT : I'm switching carriers! Sprint is horrible!
They were on our flight & seen them at the course all week RT : .: Ducks 7th After Opening rnd at Amer Ari Invite
"Your biography isn't your destiny." -Tony Robbins
Yes, I have the cover story in April SD Home Garden Mag; never gets old to see how a pro art director like Laurie Miller makes text SING!
It no longer looks like IF we miss regular season games. It's how many. Or if there is a season AT ALL.
#LMFAO the way my mom is describing the DJs she saw on the Ultra live feed is hilarious right now!
seriously guys, what the hell. We have gone to your restauant for two years now, and this is how we are treated?
You deserve one
congrats, coach, to you, the team, the program, and the school
The no1 Selling Snack in the US is potato chips. Are you surprised?
thanks for the #FF guys!
Playing dead only works for so long with a pair of wild 2 year olds
yeah you should be! My shoe is still red:P
I like that Clark Hunt’s hair looks like a helmet.
Thats whats up, going back to State?
Time to search Joel Ward and retweet the racism haha. People about to be
Last year my pregnant daughter convinced me she was in labor and driving to the hospital by herself.
no problem.
Can u really be passionate about what you don't pursue?
thank you! you must explain more about how you have epic socks
Nice to see Berbatov on the field at Old Trafford. He's been wasted by MUFC; a fine player for some other team. Hope he gets the chance.
Florence And the Pancake
I haven't seen stuff like this on the #royals mound since that kid that wanted to be traded. #duffy is solid!
tempted to hop in bed, but also want to see the nerds explode at midnight for
Good morning to the stressed out ppl I know your pain
Best #alexjones show ever
Pandora wins today: Leonard Cohen, Little Boots, Al Green & even a Snow Patrol song I actually liked (apologies to in advance).
meeting at Perry St 1 last time b4 I head out. Super grateful for #AA and be able to get sober in NYC, where Bill W started it all.
left over spaghetti
If you can help please contact me for information my email is or you can get me on here thank you.
Hey steph your look sexy
POTUS about to tear it up
I'll be there! MT 2nd Grand Challenge Roundtable TODAY / 17 Norton #ubuffalo Claude Welch discusses Child Soldiers
The Game & Film Symphony Orchestra is looking for capable string, brass, woodwind, and percussion players!
I really wish would follow me....it would make my life<3
Can't blame the #koozie - great season, Badgers #MarchMadness Now time to RING OUT AHOYA!
When telling my sons about mom meeting a handsome man and getting married, my son replies "I don't want to be mean but your not handsome"
“: RT “: its a gift I was born with”<--- shiiiittttt yeah right.”<< #weak in tears
Go Big or Go Home...
Happy 4th of July #America!
Ugh, She really brought it to Twitter
Glad I can bring some entertainment to you. This is amazing. I wish everyone could witness this.
NO IM NOT CUTE. BOYS DONT THINK THAT UNLESS I RANDOMLY MEET ME BUT AT MY SCHOOL NOPE.
stfu your ass was in africa wrestling gorillas nd chasing lions
Totally missed it. Thanks for the heads up. I will check him out.
The nose tackle key to that defense-this pick make Perry look better.
You did a great job today get this season fired up.
My penis is so light a thought can raise it.
Everyone, don't forget to say a prayer for Alex & his family again <3 every prayer counts <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Don't ask why my jeans are splattered with these white stains.
Exciting times, but now a slightly less intimidating hair style.
LP just killed at Soho House. Amazing, amazing, HUGE voice.
I added this link to the Wikipedia entry on plains indian sign language. do you ever do that? I've just started. kind of fun.
Touch wood- Superstition that is used in the hope that a good thing will continue to occur even after its mentioned. (knock on wood)
Dam this subsutie yelld in my ears!!! He told me i didnt do nothing all day :-) lol
as soon as its uploaded, I'll upload the link :)
that tweet you rt by reminds me of you so much cause retiring I'm actually almost there you r @ home lol
Re - Yes! We use Highrise & Basecamp religiously at Have full suite but don't use Campfire or Backpack much.
Totes in love with and all of the holiday decor! Can't wait to have a cocktail at Sidebar :)
The freaks come out at night
Did you know? Not only do we have the industry's largest content library for smaller companies, we also offer an award-winning #LMS??
I have a date with my bottle of wine and my couch tonight
nothing bright about school :/
“ If I love you, I'm going in. Felonies, fights, whatever.” na that's a real woman
no prob! Just let me know what you need!
If u knew the answer why did u ask me?
I am watching survivor
... Cool! I always wanted to go there with my Brother!
A to AA sounds like what happens after a night of drunk driving.
Congratulations to you and your families!!!
When you eat too much food, it reduces your ability to hear. So consider eating healthy, and only until you are full. That explains a lot
i had lion and a tiger in my dream hm
Ha. My room is a mess too. How was your weekend?
who was it who said Saunders doesn't belong with this team?
Heading home after a wonderful family dinner. Best way to end such a fabulous weekend
lmao I've brought camel toes a whole new level...my day was great, how bout u
We've consolidated branding to Einstein Medical, so our twitter handle is now , cheers!
As u run thru the Jungle all u hear is rumble
RT : Can't control the sender, can't control the message, but we CAN educate the receiver!!
RT NC State's 2012 Earth Day celebration will be THIS FRIDAY from 10am - 2pm in the Brickyard. Come join us!
My $.02 is that the #SOPA web efforts was equal to 25 yrs ago if all 3 netwrks news anchors told their audiences to call Congress
thanks for followin'
one helluva rant
Ugh my gmail is down! Ever had this problem before?
that's a lot to explore.
Bowling tomorrow with and others??? #YouGuysAboutIt?
RT Opening Day at Fenway Park is one month from today! Red Sox vs. Rays, April 13th, 2:05pm
im in need of Finding someone that speaks Bi lingual thats Aggressive with vision
We have a meeting with the Indianapolis Marriott tomorrow about camp! We can't wait to finalize everything!
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Thinking about making my tweets quote based. Got any good quotes to start off with?
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
go to sleep! I have been wide awake for some reason.
I feel like its a waste of <U+E12F> on buying cut up jeans when I can just cut up a old pair myself.
God bless you for staying. Lol.
Thanks for sharing!
No problem. Thanks for checking it out! You should follow a friend of mine too, a fellow #Ohio graphic designer:
Sometimes, you just have to put am ice cube in your wine.
but the rest of our life won't ever be like this. Well never be in high school again , well never be this young again.
Thinking of you is easy - I do it every day. Missing you is the heartache that never goes away.
Ate at for the first time today! M, M, good.
has an extreme amount of incredible resources. Probably one of the best applications for practical use. Tells alot about people too
It's confirmed: Bryn (LMT #6459): $10 for 15 minutes of heaven TOMORROW at Foster Indy Mart 7916 SE Foster -- treat yourself, your friends!
Excited to see what God has in store today.
the day you left me,ignored me,walked away from me during passing period, that's when life just didn't matter to me
#WhoeverSaid All guys are the same was a moron
tweeting is like talking to a wall.. i never get a reply back .
Took a quick nap for real
When I read the letter you wrote me, it made me mad mad mad. When I read the news that it told me, it made me sad sad sad.
Thanks for your compliment. We would love for you to take a look at the videos of the kids test-driving it on our website.
And we're home. It poured the entire time! People suck driving in the rain
crazy crazy ... hihihi
Get excited guys. #bachelorette is on.
Good morning my people,
why? Why no windows?
no problem! Thanks for all the great content! :)
Is there a way to ignore job postings? I think its great when i'm lookingbut it would be nice to be able to stifle them when you don't wan…
One of the reasons I love Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is because of all the sand. It reminds me of Az. That and all the homicidal maniacs.
Crazy wind gusts in #lincolnpark today! Remember #runnerds, wind = the hills of Chicago. Push through for an even better workout!
Perk vs. Bynum. Doesn't get much better than that.
Thanks for following, !
The text that just sent me got me crackin up in shasteens class! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
That last tweet deserves a
Listening to a battle for Ooh, Baby Baby: Smokie vs. Linda Rondstadt vs. Will Downing vs. Seal
Hey Spurs fans - The NBA has announced that the Spurs will open the 2012 NBA Playoffs at home on Sunday vs. Utah. Go Spurs Go!
MARTA service temporarily shut down for Brookhaven and Doraville stations due to an unknown emergency. Crazy!
Take time to let your ideas blossom. Do not be so quick to dismiss!
My apologies, Good Morning World.
testing out the JBL on stage 200iD -- courtesy of , who gives the best birthday presents.
back from the gym (lower body), cruising toward going home time. got rehearsal with jay rogers tonight for May 15th & 16th shows.
get well soon, we need stubbies ;)
I cannot wait to go home and pass out SMH
Why would I want to see a picture of your cat?
Pay What You Can Tonight! 8:30 show, doors open at 8:00.
Most people tweet and post to Facebook during business hours...get your messages read by posting when no one else is!
haha well as long as it's in a good way
We are trying to make a messenger connection so I can remote control his compter
Of course the one night I really need to go to sleep early I'm wide awake and feeling a ton of creative energy.
Thanks everyone who is sending kind words/ Direct Messages our way...really appreciate it
onion blossom pringles suck. seriously people do not buy them
starting a Kony 2012:Cover the night in Va Beach
It's Transformers with a brain, a heart and a working sense of humor. Suck on that, Michael Bay - on Avengers
Oh,sarah come to florida and pick me up !!! :0
Dear #HermanCain: No one needed luck to attack your ideas to fix the economy & create jobs -- any fool can see they won't do either. Next.
Bout to smash this here forensic investigation FE.
Have fun!!
There's no formula for earned/paid media mix. Depends on the campaign - be flexible
Lol are you talking to about the #zombieapocolypse ? He has a PLAN. I'm stickin w him when the time comes ;)
Might as well convince Madison to go to the workout room @ the hotel during free time tomorrow.
So sick
Work hard play even harder... only the best for MAC$$$... You ain't doin shit unless u sip on Grey Goose ;)
Successful reboot of 20+5 time mgmt & just-stop-thinking-and-write. 15 more pages than yesterday. Perhaps total crap, but written.
Best black bean burger in Bloomington: ! I dare you to disprove me. I double dare you! <3
NICE congrats!!
unsure. Why u ask?
I've got the whole world in front of me. I'm not letting go til i say "This is My Life"
I blame everything on Thomas. He told me i could.
What people act like these days. -.-
Listening to describe greatness that is
Have a great race! We'll be hootin and hollerin for ya!!
My new excuse for why I'm not at school(: please excuse sydney..she has been sick with "Bieber Feaver"(:
Please tell me yall seen the way Elease flinched when camilla was finna hit her.
About to cross the Causeway.
Just left the court house and they said all my warrants were cleared.
you make me want you
Coinstar is my winning lottery ticket
PUMPED that I received my Jets Season Tix!
what do you mean?
It was Destiny that Beyonce is having a child.
Preforming monologue on college campus today and taking directions from professor and future Film makers... Now this is real fun.....
Hi, my name is Ronnie I'm a addict!
Thx 4 following! Facebook April Lakergirl Bynum! Check my fan page Apriss The Model! Click LIKE to support my page! L4L
Company meeting/training today with Bock & Associates.
Big week for conservation in Washington - (July 3) 25 years ago the Washington #Wilderness Act was passed!!
RT : Thursday with Rich and $5 Guinness. Irish people swear that it will ruin your life. The beer will too.
If you can perceive it you can achieve it
Share, What is your greatest talent?
heck yah! Don't forget to eat that chocolate. Oh yah and forget about a career bc you'll be fat and unmarried...Or so they say..
I think so.
oh jeez my fones going crazy thanks to and all his RTs.. great way to start the day <3
what's a matter sis?
Thanks for the RT!
The canucks are losing, no. Hi dad
Greg: here! RT :Jermaine: But we wanted costumes that looked like Daft Punk. Murray: I don't know who he is
Then why are you still tweeting me... Pammy if you're gonna die, then die... stop getting my hopes up...
Thanks for the kind RTs guys -
we have had a little bit of a delay to be honest with you. We will finalize it this week and I will definitely keep you updated
Wishing a very happy birthday to the always thoughtful and caring !
Think I'm gonna make some lasagna, drink a lil whiskey, an watch some netflix tonight. Might also read some of my new book!
what up chica... get back to your tweeting!
Face it. Business is 90% social and 10% "business". <--NOT what Animal says
oh shit if it was questioned I guess not
Hey - Guess who loaned campaign another $50,000.
8 out of 10 dollars are spent on bad decisions.
u aint about that life lol
If you fail, just be sure to fail quickly and cheaply and maximize what you learn from each failure!
It's funny because about 2-3 months ago I saw a CNBC show about them and him saying they are strong and growing...I called BS
No they belong to me :)RT: Those nights belong to us.
I'm officially in love with who ever shouted "LIAR!"
well I can HS on a wall just fine and sometimes pull both heels off the wall for a couple of secs... HS walk for about 10ft
Thanks to and for the RTs and Mentions!
My Mom wants her Galaxy Nexus to update to ICS 4.0.4. Can you grant this wish, since I can't
Looking for gingerpawz' AIM user :P
Snickers Fun Size candy bars, miniaturizing guilt since the....1990s?
Thanks for the follow!!! Awesome of u
thanks to all the cute pups that came in today, be nice to your human for bringing you! :P
Your Own Landslide- Good Problems <3
hahahah oh GTF ! im not jealous at al ! trusst me ! i was just confused !
Okay I feel out of the loop. Who is clark guys?
monday 10am est 12/19 is our last day for holiday orders for non-express "cheap shipping" for 12/24 delivery! thanks!
I'm not sure the refs know the definition of what "foul" means
I've had a headache on and off for the last week. I wonder if I'd miss it if I just got rid of the damned thing...
Rob Lowe's voice is LITERALLY the only thing I hear when I use the word "literally." I may need to cut back on the Parks & Rec.
Catching up on Twitter, I see #flipclass has come up at #SFUSTL and
Police asking bank workers and customers to be prepared in downtown PDX today. Protestors may pose as customers to gain entry.
Working on some good things! Stay blessed!
I think your twitter has been hacked.
I have been using #egc2012 *shrugs*
That sound? Chip Kelly flushing the season down the toi...
One of the cleverer forms of Twitspam I've seen. Nice work. I can't imagine it converting very well though. Good Luck!
well let's get it Lil mama
you should play "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
hi their im a huge fan of back to the future
You me and he...that dont work these days (factor)
Travel not recommended from Austin south to SA? Darn, just when I wanted to visit and :P
Thank god I have to make me feel less psychotic #Stalkers #ShowYouCrazy #FuckWithUs she's me co-pilot in crime
After two periods of play the #Badgers lead Minnesota 4-0. Wisconsin gets goals from R. Little, Mersch and Zengerle in the period.
What to do, what to do.
i get so happy every time the Cavs move up a spot in the mock lottery you can do on espn. #5!
If a project is important and not urgent, you run the risk of neglecting it unless you make regular time for it.
the book of soul is my favorite song
Thank you for the pic! Ad thank you for not going short. Seriously. Thank you.
ABDC: Asians Beating Different Cultures
Laser hair removal specialist Karen puts the "sleek on the chic" of Dallas. Find her at Skintastic Uptown at 972-620-3223 for a consult/apt.
Medialets Expands Global Operations with New EMEA Headquarters
Philadelphia goal by Crowley, assisted by Manney. Three minutes left to go in the third quarter.
Going to get a couples massage tomorrow morning with trevy :)
Class of 2010 fuck with me
I don't hate you, I just said that because Im upset of what you've become.
stupid buttheads... MAKE ME CRAZY! Haha
Lets go Blackhawks!!! Take out the 'Yotes!
You gonna share some cookies, right? >->
show me how love is really supposed to be .
Ok seriously thinking I'm on survival mode. Got to comfy for a minute but that's done.
Picking up sweet moves for inevitable "silly pics"
thanks! Looking forward to your launch too. Hope everything is going to plan :)
Well tonight started off horrible . Then I made new friends .
Listen to your favorite stuff with one speaker only sometime. Some of the little gems you find panned all the way left or right are phenom.
lol oh yeah? What's it loon like?
thanks c:
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
"The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind."
How many of you were born into rich families or with a silver spoon in your mouth?
#hackoff #valkilmer this twitter game is hard, man
Prayer and/or meditation can bring peace and comfort to a hectic day. Start the day right.
happy beautiful nice birth day abhi we love u soo much <U+2665><U+2665> <U+2665><U+2665><U+263A>
And now back to our regulaly scheduled inane Tweets.
weight restrictions, so they could only fit half the team. Maybe they think we are too fat! Haha it's due to weather problems :(
punted it with his left foot for the fifth time this season...Dave Plati all over it...that's why he's the best in the biz
Another night eating alone. Not so bad when you're at Niko Niko's I suppose. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
I'll take the credit for that ;)
you are correct! Right now @ DMV for permit!
hey fucker... Fuck off! You're wrong with all your wrongness! ()
i’m proud of all of you for reading this. it means you are avoiding real work. smart move.
best city in the Midwest. Enjoy your time! Make it to a Pacers playoff game!
RT : The headline you won't be reading: "Millions saved in Japan by good engineering and govt building codes". But it's the truth.
FOLLOW and then get really wasted.
Shit..I was just going to tweet something and completely forgot what it was.
#Emmy tip: Make dubs of great newscasts/stories throughout the year to avoid last-minute scramble.
xdfgvbjnkm. omg my twitter is dead
2 You'll never find a good candidate 4 as long as they receive 1000s or millions of $ from individual or corp.
300+ dollars talking to women online, what. the. fuck. I sure hope he's getting laid lol
im down let me know when ill but something
suggestion for a tagline: "Simply the best!" great, now I have Tina Turner stuck in my head
I knw bt it gets annoying. Nd then some guys wanna get mad bc I dnt want to tlk to them. Like cant I jst mind my business plz
Obsessed w this weather! ..but not so much with the pollen...
Very excited for the game tonight against the Dallas Mavericks! Come out to show your support for the Kings and your SKD!
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
Zenith watches | Alirazashaikh
yes a hoe , so correct ya Shit . I tell no lies . Facts & statements all here .
it's my birthday so maybe you can follow me and/or tweet me?? it would make my day!<3
Ridiculous audition tomorrow. Even I know I'm not right for this role. And frankly, that's saying something.
ah! Good. Glad to be wrong!
I was like this till I heard his version of Thinking About You <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RT ": GOD Is good ....my granny mother Is home"> yayy
Why iam i cold??
what color aero shirts you got
Absolutely! I'm pumped whenever we get a great bball game, especially when there are 9 solid prospects in the rotations.
Please do! I need help lol...
Just realized I slept with my contacts in. If my eyeballs fall out, you know why.
Whenever is on my TL i sing " la la la lambourgini mercy " over and over again. Q
Do squats! Lots of them! Squats work your largest muscle groups & burn more calories. Just do them, thank me later.
Call me when you get a chance!
*crickets* RT So who's buying me dinner tonight? I'm hungry
First line of business.... Give myself a face. I need to look good for my clients.
does not like crowds
Can you play banned from the back porch or head for the hills tonight in Philly?
Just finished three more of my assignments.... Im not doin no fakin this summer.... gotta get my GPA right
Waiting for the premiere of boyfriend! Ah!
We ditched the "Inc" -- way to 80s for this place. Follow, find and Tweet us up now simply
Maria Sharapova is about to thrash Na Li . I like that.
I enjoy your website.
we'll come !
#Recycle your old sports gear. Donate balls, shoes or jerseys you’ve grown out of to help others and the environment w/ the
I've mastered the fine art of not giving a f*ck. Not giving a f*ck improves the quality of your life. via <<<
#FF these bloggers for some Style Inspiration
I don't know why has vanished from , but I'm kind of furious about it.
FOLLOW ME AND I FOLLOW ASAP :) FOR SURE :)
Hope all you moms out there enjoy a yoga filled mother's day weekend!! We are treating our moms to a yoga retreat! :)
13 more days til the first Toros game!!!! Visit austintoros.com for ticket information. Hope to see everyone there :-)
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:57 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Been testing MySql (hosted on amazon RDS) vs MongoDB for a side project app. Wow, reiterates how snappy MongoDB is!
re read it then you'll get it.
A college I know about is celebrating 40 yrs of Leadership on 5/14/10! Oldest environmental school in US www.wwu.edu/huxley
Death before dishonor
YES. We always set the voices to the high-pitched Sean Connery.
Our #phametour day 2 show 1 is in full swing - currently performing a new student written song called "Hugged not Bugged"
In Mambo, like in life, not everyone is nice, not everyone is nasty.
RT The DNC can suck it. Wisconsin's fight IS a national matter. #union #wirecall #p2 // uh
No, but I was watching a parody of the song. So.
Forever alone cause I'm too weird.
This new schedule is some bull shit!
web experience have been broken because content designers fail to be clear and
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep balance u must keep movin
That sucks man. I hope they catch them soon.
my ass will be in detention everyday til june lol
HouseGOP #transportation bill not worth warm bucket of asphalt; strips mass transit's dedicated $; even says won’t grow jobs
The rose speaks of love silently, in a language known only to the heart.
when can I expect the Android app??
XoXoXo! Thank you for all the birthday wishes! So sweet! Im smiling from ear to ear! !!!!!!!
Cupcake coma
Welcome. Liberal is a plus here!
yayyyy! Excited :D
facebook is the next myspace
We are too!
#GradeSim Please review gradesim for us. itunes.apple.com/us/app/gradesi…
Great time at #pnba! But ready to get home, too.
omg I LUV that picture of you
I make a living by breathing oxygen.
Glad to help! You'll have to let me know where you guys end up:).
That's Why I Love Em
say hi to our dear friend at the Ludwig thing today for us! We won't make it - we're recording this afternoon.
Did you get to try the maple bacon aoili before we ran out?
My favorite line in the tips for #sdcc tix: "Be prepared to wait 3-4 hours in the waiting room and schedule your day accordingly."
It is so damn early. Whoever invented 6:00 am flights should be slapped hard in the face.
Come on dude!! I only have 140 characters!!
-1 now. All our bad holes happen at the same time!
The thing that scares me the most about SOPA is that the people voting on it probably all double-click web links.
It marriage slowly becoming a thing of the past????? #modernization Is it financially worth?!?
did NJ offer us Lopez and unprotected pick for bunch of our junk? (with batum or LA) my friend tell me we said no to that!
Do these Mormons who go knocking door to door ever actually convert anyone?
Only 3 more days until our annual Poker & Golf tournament begins! Who's your caddy?
Lol.... I miss you Dj»»RT : you're so right delton! Lol
Thank you so much!
any chance to meet the great Pistol Pete when your here?
Thanks. Its at Copper Kettle Brewing Co in Greenfield. Still part-time as Im till in school full-time.
I've been really happy lately, I'm cutting all the negative energy off around me , slowly but surely.
why do people feel the need to lean as far back as possible onto your desk and basically punch you in the face when they strech
No EW 3 questions this week? I need my fix!
Hello all! Hope everyone is doing awesome tonight!
Bulls' offense is painful to watch right now, no viable options. Deng, Boozer proving to everyone who they are.
Disadvantage 5 of having a #deskjob:Right eye is twitching,& I know it's just normal eye strain but it's creepy...
I exercise strong self control. I never drink anything stronger than gin before breakfast.
Harrison Barnes best player in college BBall
“: Thank you President for standing up for the #LGBT community & for the rights of all Americans to marry. #proud”
haven't either no worries
Union Station is THE only hotel to stay in Nashville.
Biggest #LIE of the Day is frm a Romney aide. The auto bailout was Romney's idea. They can't really be serious. He would have let GM fail.
Over/under 5 wins for #Browns?
If this reporter tells you iy's raining. It's raining. Also had thunder and lightening and blustery winds.Yuck!
Network Notes taste like Ulcer.
I wish i cud wlk around in a weed cloud like the stoner on the pjs
People be havin' dreams about me & sh*t, LOL.
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Really? I hope the #browns know what they're doing because I feel draft-night sick at #22 #nfldraft ; I think I went to high school w Weeden
and I hope u enjoy this beautiful day :)
I think I may miss my youth, but I'm not sure I remember it.
Did you cry in the finale? I was seriously crying as if Damon/Stefan were going to die & the world was going to end
some shit I get tired of but some shit is worth the wait
It will be great to see you, too.
UUummm! You called me about 24hr's ago. I hope you're not dead. Should have called the pigs anyways.
Outstanding vintage attire.
Omfg that was loud!!!!!
EUR and GBP are in resistance, we do not know where they will go. 'Smart money' already sold EUR GBP here, may sell again.
great pic, love it!
Hey your favorite band is coming to town in June. Did you get your tickets yet for ??
I LOVE waking up in the morning only wishing to fast forward to the end of the day so I can sleep.
I'm eating Rita's my sister brought! And watching modern familia
yea, i've been slow to get tweet-y.
Off work finally !!! :) Now for a nap time
Aw.Thanks! It amazes how people drive in this city. Its no wonder pedestrians are afraid to cross the street.
haha sorry! EVERYONE no longer exists. :)
ahahaha. Well thank you(;
RT : all white yacht party leaving an undisclosed bay in miami...this is birthday celebration in 2011.
That's funny because Jordan uploaded that same video to youtube and posted the link right before you did.
Today has been a day full of being lost in my own mind. I've never thought about things so clearly before. I feel so insightful &enlightened
6$ pitchers and 3$ margaritas and cocktails. 1000 Kansas Ave in Modesto, Ca
Getting pedicure and manicure with no where to go...at least this massage chair feels good
pretty shitty. I just want June 2nd<3 yours?
: that can't happen i Fucking love you. It's okay my tire went flat so i'm on the side of the road plus we have a thunder ...
Get the win
RT : Congrats to fellow Madisonians for their big win at the #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator Program last night!
Man charged with DUII in The Dalles after police found 10 yr old son driving has a history of drunk driving says DA
#kids Preschool Storytime Central Library at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 10:30a: Preschool storytime will engage young children...
Happy Shrove Tuesday! Hm pancakes...
Well I need to shut down lest my tweeting leads to the demise of my flight. I hate when the flight doesn't roll to a stop. BWI here I come
It's still ridiculous that there is no way to watch free public television live online. It's 2012. What the hell.
I can't think of anyone else I hate to miss as much as I hate missing you.
You are welcome. Do you conduct colored pencil workshops?
Broncos as the 4th top favorite to win this years Super Bowl is ludicrous.
Goodnight gotta get up early for school so once again goodnight
Thanks SDA! Stay dry today!!
Now watch when I fall asleep the lakers some how always come back.....that's why I'm not going to sleep...
If you succeed in #life it's cause of who you chose to honor,if you fail in life it's cause of who you chose to dishonor.-#Mike Murdock
"Your project has one thing mine doesn't have: achievability"
Logos Quiz is the dumbest shit ever but I cannot stop playing it.
give me some wood to knock on!!
DC: NY Mayor Bloomberg said that a Florida minister's plan to burn the Quaran on 9/11 is "distasteful," but he a right to do it.
Last day of classes!!!!!
“ #Cancer are very emotional and have a hard time deciding what they want. They need to feel loved and needed to be satisfied.”
So did I! A fun game. A lovely afternoon. Good times. :)
The Big Bang Theory is the best show on tv right now. So funny.
random, but have you seen the Indians record?
A line from #sheenroast Despite all those years of abusing your lungs your kidneys your liver the only thing you've had removed is your kids
First the actor's studio and now best selling author? Hope whoever is buying those books is doing so to throw in a bonfire.
When I read your text messages I can hear exactly how you say it <3
Work at church today.
Get your votes in for the pet photo contest! Contest ends May 31st, 2012! Tell a friend- share the page with the Smart Suggest button.
No matter what type of day I've had at the end of it God is still as good as ever.
yay Nina R!! I'll check in the store in an hour -- haven't seen them yet, though...
New fiction from and art from Jim Fuess! Lots more to come in #translitmag issue 4, transport. Keep those #submissions coming!
Adam said novel plot was complicated. I said that's good, things are complicated...
Lin should not play in Gm 5. He's not physically ready. While I understand they need PG depth, they won't win w/o another huge Melo effort.
My old headteacher is in school today^o^ Hihihi I'm so happy:3
yeah so I'm gonna look like poop x10!
I've been listening to it non-stop since the finale, you did an amazing job!!!
iwanna at least say bye to her
please chk out our kickstarter if u can, we'd like to "draw" you & 4 fundraiser in Parmatown Mall draw drew get it
Hi Eric, thanks. If you are making the trip, let me know.
When you meet the boys: Bring a pair of boxers, give it to them, say ''you left it at my house'' and walk away like a boss.
great minds think alike :-) Merry Christmas!
Seeing a break out of #GBPJPY on 4hr graph over long term. Looks like we are headed to 143 or so.
Haha, I won't ever get Marcus on Twitter. But I promise he's real. Ask she'll back me up.
Will do, sir! I was hibernating! XP
I'd prob bang the new prime minister of Thailand
One of the highlights of our trip? Petting bo!
Yabbut the premise you're selling this on is that local interests are being ignored. But all you've presented is a few angry people.
AZ treating me great. Love it here. What part of AZ in the 80's? Got here in '92.
Hey Jon, the pod cast is pre recorded. If you want to do the show we can set it up contact us through
She may look like a perfect 10, but who she truly is might be a perfect 1.
Yes , kids DO have raincoats. I had a Big Bird one! :)
Wait did I just see have put "Capitalism on Trial?" Times they are a changin'!
lol if you notice from that pkg we ran in the 9, the camera man made her look SUPER dark compared to her mug.
Today I am going to spam Austin and try to get him to follow me(: Today, is history(; maybe...
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
whats your favorite song ?
Blackboard Collaborate to the rescue.
Hey Peyton, let's go to Miami. I hear they're getting some casinos soon too.
this guy is
just did
Too bad about IMAG GIRLS, but my bigger concern is still the long length of the BFYA list.
Happy St. David's Day to our Canadian and Welsh distributors!
Wtf... Lol RT Want to advertise your Business or Twitter Account? Hit up for Rates..I will get you seen!
... Happy Alphaversary, my love !!!
Always follow spot removal with a water rinse to remove the sticky residue from the spotter. Atlanta
I don't even follow NBW. Never really been a fan.
GET ON FB CHAT PLEASE
Nothin' ass broke bitches < $$$$$$
oh i feel you on that one! bring on the sequin sweaters and rolling chairs, woot woot!
Just message me your po box/ address! Cool!
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and that loves you as much as you love them.
Bud Norris ties MLB record by striking out FOUR #Brewers in the 3rd.
all random lol :D
Can't believe I used to 'commute' between LA and Sweden every week. First long haul of the season and I am ready for a jetlag afternoon nap.
Never trust a big butt and a smile
Nothing says Business Casual like a brief case and a cut up football jersey
I attended secret event of from at and his talk was awesome!
I like Bennett, especially in PPR. Morris is a roll of the dice
T Mez with a big lead in heat
Good times with old friends is always the best....
“: Thanks everyone for all of the support! It was great to be a part of the Tigers win today.” you're my favorite Tiger!
yeah Jordan gosh, don't make me talk to him for you . (;
thanks for the RT
Thank you! Happy to share with you the site!
I can't run if I'm chained to a boulder. Getting rid of the dead weights in my life.
Looking at American Greed I love this show
real dream or realistic not wearing true's and being broke!!!!!
you know its friday when the kitchen is prepping for #brunch and the sweet smell of brioche fills the air
I first met Tobi during Jai Lucas senior year...Tobi was this long lanky kid that was new to the game, trying to figure it all out
Professor is now talking about the probability if turning into a
crunchy, soft, juicy, sweet, and green. Pull that all together and you get a hit everytime.
So you're saying if I put money down on this show, it should be with Swimsuit and not Beyan.
nice! wish I was there. Great food!
CAN'T WAIT
u shouldve been got that together
I just competed my last class until October. Of all the things I do I enjoyed the teaching the most.
Sheneneh Is losing the court case #Martin ....oh my bad u didn't care guys ?
oh! Good News, Good News! Will be sharing soon! STAY TUNED!
's tweets about #realsurreal have officially made me put on my weekend to do list.
Was it the depth, the breadth, or the octave achieved? Did Jane & the kitty hear it? “: At about 3.20pm today ...
All of the people moving out right now are making me jealous.
Uhm.....You Already Know I'm Asking What This Tweet Means Lol
Head to the game in Sac ...
#googleUX what is the creative structure at google. how big was the creative team that work on this
Most pieces I enjoy, it's just weeding through the other 4000 word articles to find them.
thanks for the Retweets!
if i got to follow i think i can get to follow me :)
thank YOU, for letting me know I should be following
random anxiety attack. i hate this.
I just got my wand: SYCAMORE WITH UNICORN CORE
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! :']]]]
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure
We cant wait!! RT : My birthday is going to be crazy at !!!
Your welcome!
was in here getting her #equinox serviced. i'm pretty sure she just schooled you on
Thanks Mark -- can you post a link for Lisa's article?
hangover + trend watch smack down =
: My "approval" of the product is one thing. Criticizing misplaced enthusiasm is another, and perfectly legit.
haha might as well!
yea man. Totally fine.
The absence of racial markers on public documents in 19th C. Colombia is gonna make research a damn nightmare.
that is true
O.O RT Mother's Day #classic is my whole family in the car singing 'Let Me Show Your How Your Pussy'...mom too! Great day!
And it should be about the King's Debate Society.
He is well on his way.
sorry chad. Good morning :)
Come hang with me and my pal the Cat in the Hat at the Meijer on Hall Rd. in Shelby Twp. now until 2 with
RT Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
don't judge me for the recommendation - it's definitely not your average book!!
TONIGHT is the *last performance* of LATW's National Tour: The Rivalry Gates Concert Hall, Newman Center
Bravo Pepsi ad!! Has it all music, humor, superstars
(Con't) over 92% of admissions for criminal offenses; over 92% of releases for criminal offenses committed;
Texas rain makes some very beautiful music.
GM wearing a ponytail everyday in the same spot will DEFINITELY break your hair off down the middle in the back!
~I Hate When My Eyes Burn Cause Of Me Being Sleepy~.
The people beside are deep in whispering. Just say what you're saying.
“: 13 weeks till Hilton Head. Don't know if I can wait that long ”
Looking forward to meeting my Twitter Peeps at
When Mrs. Millers phone went off today and her ringtone was Jay Z >>
Fun Fact of the Day: Fleas can jump 50 times their own height, the equivalent of you jumping a 40 story building!
How about a well timed return for Ray? I know that's highly unlikely though...
we played in Charlotte last night! dang!
If you like our guys #Remede show them some love by following Matt & Roy on Twitter. Brent where are you?!
your gidiness is never annoying :)
Calumet City folks come through and BRING YOUR INSTRUMENT AND SIT IN with my quartet TONIGHT 7-11p at Siam Marina 80 River Oaks Circle
To everyone who feels alone, im always the here <3 <3
Great meeting with Ideas galore!
I'm gonna miss my bro
tied down son! Haha
ugh did u leave already????????
Rain is blowing sideways outside my window. Hope it isn't like this for the LA Marathon tomorrow.
Greyhound racing is fun. I recieve tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent what they was previously...
Who fuckin with me and jojo tonight
Yep, I have decided to be forever emotionless.
SWS & Odom Corporation announce their agreement for SWS to acquire the balance of Odom's share in their JV for the wine and spirits business
Last chance to Scan for points toward the ipad drawing. Visit the NewPage booth 508 @
Thanks girl!! I'm all late but thanks
rock the Vegas !
What you need is a voice-over promo for your album. Message me so we can talk.
Watching Sad how copywriting duos from the same agency are pitted against each other instead of working as a team.
well im very interested in you
Team Anthony. 1st place.
filmed 3 #homeless yesterday for their documentary. Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
“: You ready for Tebowtime in J-Ville? Peyton is a Bronco” I just love the carnage it causes in this town
I just went over 1,500 Linkedin Connections! Why does that feel good?
Headphone volume goes #up. Happy Monday!
Why buy a mattress at large chain store when you can buy local and not only keep your money in Austin but also save BIG!!! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
Great article about my man in the Detroit News today.
it's working
Yeah well now I'm drinking alone jerkface
hey Marty what's your prediction on Barnes now? You have to be feeling a little nervous right? Biting your tongue!!
What role does #faith play in your life?
just live your life, you will have plenty more boyfriends
were you able to find someone to do you're screen door? I can look at it if you like.
A joke is a very serious thing.Winston Churchill
Woot! Woot! Well deserved, long awaited.
I followed for ya.
Best wishes.
Finally watched the first episode of GAME OF THRONES Season 1 on Blu-ray. So far so good!
Good morning Liz! Happy Wednesday to you too!
get there extremely early.
I just read "Shadow of the Wind" a few weeks ago. STILL sighing. So good.
we're waiting with open irons!
Another reason to follow she has horses!!! #workedwitharabians #newtwittergirlfriend Sorry
Hey Cincinnati - you ready to meditate? (via )
Bio made me a John Carpenter fan convert. #Halloween Inside Story
Help Thompson Child & Family Focus and donate
playing like a stud. Love that he gives us the ability to have Ray Allen come off the bench!
Yes, it was an interior design project. The construction firm handling the project had her successor receive the award.
Just got a request from the Breaking Bad production office. They want copies of The Collector's Guide for set decoration!
CONFIRMED: Despite reports, Allen Moore, PIO of Orange Co. Corrections Dept. says Zimmerman is 'NOT being held by Orange Co. Corrections."
Thanks girl!!
Good luck in the drawing today! If you win, we'll see you tomorrow right?
would like an api key for
OMG im such in deep shit.... someone the flush
Whoohoo! Can't wait.
Thank you so much for that info and thanks for the FF shoutout. What you just told me helps. I hope things are great for you.
Happy Cinco de Mayo cupcake lovers! Make sure to stop in for our Mexican inspired treats and some iced coffee!
The world burns while our leaders fiddle.
Life is made up of marble and mud.
“: Cross the line if even though it seems odd, your little sister is your brighter inspiration.” <U+E022>
I'm hitting the running trail to get my Vitamin D for the day. Gorgeous day in Chitown.
I didnt fail. But i do have to reschedule because my fucking break light was out
loving the coverage #nmleg Thanks to and
I may, or may not have just broke 3 of my fingers..
*whirring noise* *powers down*
Went for a run & I understand why doctors used to think that a man's lungs would explode if he ran a 4 minute mile.
Flyers are on fire!
fam. time is the best time
Gym time!!
Thank you! Wish you were comin' to CMAFest!
Worked perfectly!
ok I will. I let u clean
Hoping to win the Big Live Music Channel Contest! Post on their wall to request God's Anointed Soldiers.
What do you do when you GOTTA do something and cant do anything?
I meant every word Mr. Hudson :)
I haven't been back east since sept lol
I have effortless beauty!!
We were frantically trying to watch the #shuttle on #NASA TV and then the thing flew past our office window. Twice! Amazing!
Fenway has Banana! It's at least a little B-A-N-A-N-A-S!
that's so tryue hun thanks for the advice ;) you so wise
Snatcher of dental gold from dead stands trial
wassup everybody, I took a little break, but I'll be pushin those hot tracks your way...Look for my THE JET SET cd on itunes in a month
It's like Southie. If you aren't born there, you're not Irish. :)
lod-lam (linked open data / libraries archives museums) trying to demonstrate linked open data in action
Stop running and let Him in
4real“: Dude I'm still super pumped to stop Kony!”
If everything was easy, nothing would be worth it.
Off to Taughannock Falls for a hike!
#ifihadanickeleverytime i wish i hadn't given up rugby, i could afford some new cleats and shorts.
Feelings I have towards him are never gonna change even if he becomes a no name, use to be in a band type of person. So please don't judge
Is you Super Bowl Pregame exceptionally good this year? Or am I just overly excited for my Gmen?
dostum, we have no idea what you're saying! Hahahha
heading to the gym to SMACKDOWN my workout for the next 3 hours. Thank you for all you do for your fans!!!
On the Eve of Beer Christmas, ill be hosting Corner Cafe. 18th St. Southside, Pittsburgh. 9pm door, 9:30pm show. 5 buck a roos
9 o'clock and I'm so sleepy :(
A little known fact that the cafe I am most often is Dunkin donuts. Workers food.
Watchhing forgetting sarah marshall makes me wanna go to Hawaii soo bad
There is this feeling in bloomington right now and i love it.
Thank you!
followed ya! :-) have a great day!
yes! Even superheroes have their downfalls.. hehe
cool. Just letting you know. Ps great premise for a podcast.
I don't appreciate game media calling angry fans entitled for wanting a real ending when they haven't even played the game.
Tomorrow: New York -- <U+2708> -- San Francisco <U+2661>
#thatawkwardmoment when you're texting in class and the teacher asks you what the answer is, and you're just like, shiit..
so who's your favorite bachelorette??
I can't wait to see it!!
shit bord out sup whit you
btw, how often do u get to NYC?
They just THRASHED Kobe and company. They deserve some credit RT : Can we NOT talk about OKC for a day?
got to try that
This week has been almost complete sh?t can't wait for the weekend to get here. Family time and diving all weekend
Sicilian Pizza is the best ever better than
Oh. I see now! Thank u
I'm looking forward to my first visit to #Yellowcake today! cc
I'm doing good and you? :)
Thanks Britney!
Softball tonight!
?? Do you have free roadside assistance? You can request a better service, request Pop-A-Lock when you call your Insurance Company!!
hahaha I'm a mess I swear if I have one more head injury I'm gonna die lol
Every girl wants a guy who she can run up to with her hair a mess, no makeup, and the first thing he says is “You’re beautiful."
No don't follow Me follow lol
ain't that the truth
GET IT GURL
YAS. That too! LOL RT and man add to the fact that he's looking over his glasses has me crying harder
Toothbrushes attrack bacteria. Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week. Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu. www.closys.com
Thanks to , , & ! Thanks for the follow!
Just tapped Georgetown Mannys.
In spite of #Badgers loss, my bracket is in the best shape it's been in all tournament.
well said... well said #MuchLove!!
Is Scala the programming language named after La Scala, the Italian opera house?
The most disastrous happening of her year started with a seemingly innocuous "Perhaps I will try waxing my legs." Little did she know...
Mitt Romney's speaking at Liberty University's commencement. They won't give him an Honorary Doctorate but he's clearly qualified for a BS.
Truth. There is no party up in there.
Tired and stressed at work. Barely slept...ugh. You?
Damn big baby keep missing those shots!!! He should be on the bench tonight.
my cousin just told me!
it worked for me early this morning, and I wasn't following - is there a 4sq acct to follow
she is!
do you know how lucky I consider myself now that I have you in my life???
oh wow! so is his family! his are from Talladega.
Oh you downloaded "the new" #instagram? Didn't know that qualifies you as a photographer.
thanks for the follow. Maybe we can do some work together.
Try Johnny Thompson at Univ of Minnesota, Carlson School of Mgmt...
Thanks. as an editor, Im compelled to turn this into a short, of what I hve no idea. I've contacted the channel, well see.
The rain is a very good thing when you're a writer. Especially when the other job involves painting trim on a condo.
not much, lets skype
#Respect given is respect earned
I set all my regrets on fire.
It's on CNBC
25th Anniv. of WA Wilderness Act! First 25 people to renew/start $35 membership get free book Defending Wild WA. Email
Stick To Your Guns <U+2665>
I want a hotdog and a milkshake. I guess I'll settle for this kale & berry smoothie
You can never have too many Jack in the Box tacos.
Hot Chinese chick is back!! =D
Why is it freezing today? I want to be running around in flip flops and a tank top, not a hoodie and jeans...
Toronto Flamenco made the list of top 100 festivals in Ontario! Congrats!
what you mean??
She already got a crush lol
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you ain't a bitch
Khara, thanks for getting things going!
My bad,you have to type" eddie-holmesj "in the search box
As I predicted, Romney wins the Iowa Caucus by 8 votes.
looks like pretty good call to me. 20pts? Think apology 2 Mr. Berry is in order 4 qtr game remember
Ha I just got invited to go on vaca with my family ha I'll pass
I am waiting for your response. You said lib ideas don't work. Well, they've worked better than yours
Wade in the Water
I really like that the hockey game I'm watching using Picture-in-Picture is blocking out Boehner's head.
The "baby abduction" @ Strong is nothing. False alarm. Chalk it up to a misunderstanding. Onto to the next story.
I wanna go to Hawaii, YAAAAY!
Found a book I lent to Dad. He had marked the same passage that moved me. #<3
It's Crunch time .... Let's be smart #Knicks !
Listing to Superluv<3 By the amazing Shane Dawson(:
Boozer is such a bad defender!!! They teach you in High School to cut off the baseline!!! SMH
I am wearing a super cute new dress today and it's making me happy :)
way more excited about the Reformation than my students. They don't find the debates over predestination & transubstantiation fascinating.
DAYAM! How did that happen?
#UPS just commented & offered great follow-up to a recent tweet of mine! Now this is great customer service! The power of
zoolander! You're welcome.
that is so true it gives out great messages
Watched Betty White's show last night...those old folks are HILARIOUS!!! They make aging look enjoyable.
Let's go Butler!!!
please follow me!!! I have had a terrible day cause of the same thing... bullies:( it would make my day if you follow me:)
Happy Thursday! How 'bout them Brewers?
Note to everybody: do not buy a #Lenovo #ThinkPad SL. ThinkPad name, but not ThinkPad quality. I regret my purchase.
Thanks for giving our new service a try! Keep us posted on what you think :)
Thanks for the follow!
Live @ The Funky Buddha Lounge with Peven Everett! Wicked!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs "I Will Survive"
“Every production of genius must be the production of enthusiasm.” - Benjamin Disraeli , British Prime Minister
#JamesHarden is the truth.
Audition this afternoon and my friend's show tonight. Yes, please.
Hope all you moms are having a rockin' Mother's Day!
And best of luck back @ you. U r a good man. Glad to call you friend. Enjoyed debating issues w/you
"I'm always jealous of you and Ellis" -ben kessler
I have a weird obsession with diamonds, giraffes, bracelets, and tattoos.
#E3onG4 No wonder #UBISOFT games are strange.. All their developers are on drugs...
when is your presentation, Aaron?
Mascot days are the best... never know what is going to happen on days like this!
What's earliest pick you see Colts using on a QB? If Mallet or Locker somehow falls to us in 2nd round, do you pull trigger?
You killed those charts the whole time, brobot. :3
ikr and chi town is where its at too got plenty of fam up there!
Doing side by side All Saints and Helltown IPA's for personal Happy Hour. Lavery IRA next. Great local brews!! We are so lucky
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory. W.E. Deming Off to Kuala Lumpur to lead change seminar
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!!!!(:
I am! Ready for my new show to begin. RT : NEW trailers for #bbuk will be airing next monday if they are ready! Who's excited?!
M homemade chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven
Congrats you crazy kids! :)
John... you remember me in my early 20s.
I hate my life
working from home today to watch the landscapers begin to tackle our GIANT landscape project! excited to see the transformation
go mama, go mama! Lol
RT No for Tampa? There's and more on way!
that was a mistake, along with 650 other unfollows. Tried a twitter mgr tool. Not perfect but fixed. Thx again for supporting us.
do you know if anyone is going for president or vp?
#Toys cheap. $1 or $2 for $20/$30 items kind of cheap. Get yours now at www.dealshow.com
remember when you finish your book some of use are huge #kindle and #kobo fanboys lol
Oculu is great too and less expensive than Viddler. I'm biased though:-)
why does Cotton have tv advertisements? As if they have much to compete with! Hemp has Cotton running scared!
Congrats man
have you tried it yet?
“Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to be over, it’s about learning how to dance in the rain.”Now let's learn to dance !
Yo, If I drew on my eyebrows i would have diff brows everyday
Word on the street is that it's the b-day of one today.
Did you know that switching to a salt water pool is more affordable than ever? Get rid of chlorine forever!
work. sleep. PARTY!!!
Excited for everyone to see the fantastic performance put into my new music video.
I appreciate the advice tonight! Many thank yous!
I'm hungry now....and thirsty! Lol
please follow back if you can , from Boston but spend alot of time in L.A. , love Your work and a big fan . Thanks B.C.N.
Mine was bought before the wireless age :-)
is refusing to cancel my service, transferring me to the wrong numbers, and charging me for equipment I don't have. Not ok.
I still can't believe this happened to me . . . :'(
Don't listen to him Benny ur not wired ur an innovator........nah he's wired
i'm adam
#poll how many landscape nature photogs have an agent to help get things published in mags?
Good choice! Anything with Daft Punk is great.
" over 1600 children will suffer from working in hazardous conditions"
All you do in NASCAR is go in circles!!!! I can freaking run in circles! Hahaha
Jamming out to accident waiting to happen bringing back that monetary walk
Reminder: In commemoration of Yom HaShoah, OVS invites you to a free screening of “May Your Memory Be Love” tomorrow, April 8 at 7:30 P.M.
I would love to turn in to a head lice for a few weeks and live in Dog The Bounty Hunter's mullet.
Dear , you were one hell of an MC and total class act. You're are my hero.
haha well you know how classy we are up here in the fuckin TN
Nothing like Richard Pryor driving blind.
#realmusicreallife Sulcus Vocalis: Scaring of the vocal chords. Oooowwwee! I'm a walking miracle!!
Glad we got Luck but gotta love RG3. Such a class act.
this too shall pass .. I vote to wait it out!
oh that's fun! Lol
doin' well! On the road right now. We'd love to see you at a show soon!
i'm still alive in tenacity and woman curves
sigh - my computer has become an organ donor.
Puppies are like Pringles, once you pop, you can't stop. One more!!
#trafficjam is coming up, who's rollin with us?
Thanks for the line up. Infineta will be showcasing their tech at EMC World. Any interest and/or opening to talk WAN Optimization?
Sharepoint portal panel: looking for lessons learned. LMS integration? 3 Datatel campuses presenting
is looking for a photographer for photo shoots and shows. We need high resolution pics. Send us your info. thanks.
"Brand advocates are born not made" Bill
I recorded the whole RHCP concert yesterday in 1080p and it's 10GB in total. If the audio came out shitty, I'm having a shit-fit.
Express yourself and be who you are (:
#FF Chicago musicians
Can't wait for #sharkweek!
you a hard lady to catch up with mi amor
also a good sign: bartender uses t-shirt she's wearing to wipe out beer mug before pouring
Heading home.. someone fprgot their wallets *cough* candy & jon
Who wants to be in my fan video?
Thanks! Same to you
The best thing about getting Artest back for Game 7? The number of Lakers on the team that hate losing just doubled.
is it me, or does #Politico seem like the captain of the chess club who thinks he's a big man on campus?
Agreed! RT : Social Chamber of Commerce does NOT recommend using TrueTwit if you have a commercial feed. Follow everyone...
I miss talking to Lauren and laughing our asses off at random things. >.< shes so funny <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
how did taylor lautner follow you? plz tell me
RT : Looking for some good karaoke in the NorthSide? Hit up and this message was approved by
Classroom PDA... The worst.
I gave you my heart, you gave me nothing.
Today, I'm doing the pretty girl rock :)
It's a great day at Smile White Teeth Whitening Salon!!
were you able to get home yesterday, nupe? Re: Bolton Road Bridge collapse? Also, I think we've met during undergrad years?
Its sad that I'm to scared to let him love me...
Let's go Yanks!!
Well that's enough work for one day, I'm out. Looking forward to some following and followers tonight if the wife don't piss me off too much
Just saw walking into 30 Rock...with a pair of skis.
Today's shuttle wake up song, "Macho Man” by The Village People, is stuck in my head. I need a new song, STAT.
Packers, pick sixers, throw snickers. See what we did there? Go Pack Go!!!
my iPhone screen resembles a lava lamp.
Its like a bad dream I can't wake up from
Note I had season tix while living in c-bus and I ain't rich. 2 hour drive was worth it. Can't wait for Feb 29.
Let me know how it is...
I dreamt I had a dog. Who was a lady. No, not a dog-lady, a lady-lady. Then we went on a boat.
Yess, we should meet them together! & keep intouch. Madison shy? He seems so WILD. LOL.
Well I'm really bored...
still working on my iss work! i aint gunna get one ounce of sleep tonite /:
haha! How r u guys seeing what she is saying?
I really want to see that!
Finished my last paper for my master's degree. Time to enjoy the sunshine and get my social life back!
1.The Beatles 2.Queen 3.The Cure 4.Coldplay* 5.Oasis* (*first two albums) Thanks for coming, drive safe.
my boy needs some beats
Thanks, Tom! There's still a lot of work around that question. I would like to get into the data a bit over the summer.
Sorry, if you're old enough to be my mom the only thing you should be shaking at me is your fist.
thank you! That actually makes me feel good!
You should really respect my fashion opinions obv because I'm doing cool stuff lately like wearing silk blouses with sweatshirts
#Dedication // RT : Thanks to a donor who decided to provide health insurance for me. 1st time in 7 years I'll have coverage.
Getting my hair always makes me so nervous I don't know why hahaha
"The way we see the problem is the problem."
More than 12 hours later I have deduced it must be more than just the "r" sound that makes a raven and a writing desk. Still thinking - Trog
I picked Wichita State. Had them going to the Sweet 16.
btw , how will we survive this season? (a serious question.)
You really do favor George Clooney alot, you sexy bitch.
:) RT : Experimentin to see if I can play all songs on computer in alphabetical order on 1/1/12 ... to Z b4 NYE.
oh okay
really?! thats so cool! i got the group poster todayy! :D
Not every girl can be a Kumar.
Far Right eats Rush's crap up. He'll get new sponsors, enjoy this "bad" publicity, & in the long run probably gain listeners.
Love it ": Hamilton homered again!? This has to stop. Anyone have Aaron Burr's number?"
Do you know if Al Wilson has a twitter account?
"It's so easy to blame our problems on others, but really, we're in charge of ourselves."
hells ya! I got my show thursday and friday night but after them lets rage!
There's something in the water... RT LOTS of tweeting from you guys today
ur welcome :) i hope sees it :)
I'm looking foward to up-to-date info from
Hi I'm at applebees bored. Someone make twitter interesting.
You'd think you would try everything you could....
When you get mad easily and your parents know youve started your period they always assume your pmsing its like im not fucking pmsing<3
Riding back from the Packers game - trying to get feeling back in my toes.. Wish I woul have seen that slush puddle
I want to go dancing!
I will go as blonde as possible, but I can only get highlights cause that's my voucher :/ that's true.. But they have topshop
Wish I could. Have to run my buddy out to the airport and hit up a banquet!
Digital portfolios are totally the way to go to help kids make + digital footprint. Thanks, FA PLP team!
RT: ": I always over-think everything :/"
Nope, no ladies as of yet. 's gf is pretty good though. Youngest was 18, I believe, back in the Plaza days.
Ivana Trump debuts her Ivana Blue champagne at lavish tasting ...
must have been. I didn't send you anything.
maybe pajama parties the thing? Hard to act hard in ya pjs
Trying in Stamford, Conn with my favorite person in the world. So far so good.
hhahahahahahahahahaha the universe is NOT in your favor this year..
amazing inspiration for outdoor textiles in a new report by Love the Fishernet rug by
r u moving 2 Miami 2mrorrow??? If u r IT'S AMAZING and ur gonna love it. I'll give u a tour haha plzzz :)
I wish he would feel that way. Since he cheated on my the1st few days of our relationship he thinks I want to get back at him
Frozen Grapes ^_^
I lov how all these amazing people are following me :D
“ #Leo - Confident”
justin!!!!! I miss you more but don't worry 21 is just the beginning ;-)
it was fatheads, Penn Overlook IPA
that looks more Best Buy to me
Happy Birthday ! :)
Speaking of, we need to beat on ns2admin again.
I'm going to the Dentist!!!!! Dr Dale Rottman DDS
Excited for today's #FOAcademy #Obama2012 Follow our story today.
Dear Boston Boys walking around without your shirts on, Yes, it's warm and you don't look half bad, but It's the city, not the beach.
Dear, dudes help me . I wanna to do something but its impossible
Agreed. I knew this was true when I was offered a show on Bravo.
You had your chance, and you blew it.
On the bright side, (if there is one) I didn't have a karma-whore cake-day post prepared. I guess I have another year to do so...
what time is the talented show fam
thanks for comin this going to be a nice video for Show Out Featuring Shawty Lo....
Heading over to Prosperity. There's going to be a vaudeville game show there around 7pm w/Pinch and Squeal.
Hell yes! RT : Yes! Auburn, IN, USA please! Bring too!
I'm jealous fam. At work starving
your annoying as fuck stop tweeting me and rting me
I love this song!
Man I miss my city Dallas That's we're my heart is I will be back to visit soon :)) Texas girl at heart :))
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!! Enjoy your day and give yourself permission to DO YOU!!!!
Geetin killed wiff ya mouth open
Had fantastic halibut on the bone (the best way!) by at Table swooned at him.
I just mean the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory direct download title. Does the MP exist, considering retail v. is offline?
is "side hustle" code for "pool cougers"?
Nasty ass
If life were a Shakespeare play, tonight i was clearly amongst the cast rejects.
DANG this is salty!! 2012 shall be my year...
hurry follow 1 more! :)
C'mon Tim. Go
And 1 lonely English prof, who apparently felt strongly enough supporting Katehi that he did it twice. Unbelievable.
How lovely to see you again! Thanks so much for the article you wrote about us! Hope to see you again 1 day.
i feel so distant ..... i hate it
Come out for Lindy Fix tonight at 8. Dancing with DJ Mark, a basic lesson with Rob and Sylbie, and Int. Lindy with Sam and Miller from 7-8!
Getting lost is my absolute favorite,
No matter how much ya hate or dislike Kobe ..his shot are literally unblockable
Ty! Thank you for the support and confidence in me! I know it will happen when it's supposed to. Xxoo :-)
I'd tweet more but to be totally honest, I'm over this season.
Hi Adolfo. Mandy and I moss you friend. Sorry we can't make it Sun. Out of pocket. We need to get together soon! Doc
in a suit? Just tell them that you're Occupy legal counsel and "don't mess"!
. shows a slide: 3.5" floppy disk ; Jonathan Larsen (/RENT/) estate included several shoeboxes of 3.5" floppies.
Are athletes just not caring about money anymore? Cliff Lee, Andrew Luck, Carmelo...? Anyone?
Never knew Catch Phrase could get so heated!
I am really thankful for my yoga practice today.
A1: That someone has to want treatment for treatment to work.
unique_candle thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Cute place. You two would dig it. Vamos.
How long are you in WI?
Q1) We learn in doing.
Happy Birthday #SteveJobs. Innovation wouldn't be the same without you.
Excited for some vino and formaggio - perfect start to Saturday night!
Just heard that Whitney Houston just passed away
Congrats on the new addition. Just wished it was a day later to share a bday with Ashley Judd. Haha
I am too tired to get out of my car. I really need a nap.
I woke at 2:22am: in numerology means - confirmation that you are on the right path, doing the right thing and in the right direction~Cool!!
I just watched a commercial that said, "Quiznos is now better than ever!" I almost died of laughter!!!
“It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
Leaving in 5 hours.. Gonna miss the States..
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.
downside to "scale up" in DS /DJ case is that you miss out on a chance to make an even better experience on the large form factor.
who has der wedding at nite!?!i mean srsly! & im gonna b ozzy osbourne 2 halloween so dey better b scared!ill bite der head off
He: "When do you want to go walk to lunch?" Me: "I'm downloading this beard, I'll be done in just a second".
that amazing feeling when you arrive home and jump into your bed
You write your own story.
Join 's Brian Larsen on Friday for a special presentation about Pixar's latest film, Brave. 6-7, PHO 206. RSVP:
Pls RT: Only 45 follows left and receives $75k from the city of Portland to restore arts & music to #PDX schools.
Mark your calendars: NEWMATIC @ The Basement Nashville February 27th! All new music!
that dog is being treated by my vet he's the best East Valley Vet Clinic in Sunland Dr. Hohne.
Hey Friend
AMW is covering the state of south carolina tonight. I hope they catch those losers!
check your DM!
i'm telling you I never saw it so i wasn't mad about that and I wouldn't get mad at that
How would you describeThe Pack Mules? Furiously fast.
#nowplaying U.F.O by Coldplay
Even people notice, but you don't. .
RT : shout out to zayn for disappearing for 8262 days and coming back to tweet about avocados
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>LMFAO! You racist bitch. Stop pretending you're part Pocahantas <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AA>
TB Bucs view No. 31 pick RB Doug Martin as a "very complete back" who will be essential to HC's Greg Schiano's ball-control offense; RB1?
ha my dog got so excited to go outside that she slammed into the glass door, made my day.
Trying to set up my #Google #Chrome #Hayfever timesheet app - time to call in my Tech Dept. in the form of !
Aww i miss your mom i haven't seen her in a min RT : My mom teared up when she read my card
What an accomplishment! 30 years at Bader Rutter & Associates. Congrats on your retirement Jeff Wedeward!
thanks for the RT
was asked last night what my secret talent was. told him i could rap. he didn't believe me. can i get a witness ???
This place just isn't big enough I swear.
Just got off that Fight Night
RT: "Summer reading rec: Confessions of an Economic Hit Man "...FINALLY! ;)
RT : I'm looking to do some newsletter ad swaps, do you have a newsletter for Moms? Or possible ad purchase, send me info
So what are you doing today (with kids)? I need some inspiration!
You are welcome. Follow Us back. Thanks again.
We probably should have both known it would happen post-winery, but I forgot to call you! Will do this evening!
Snow White auditions tonight! Call 412-243-6464 for details and an audition slot. P.S. Do you have any friends who are talking mirrors?
I love reading all of the #rbkfitblog recaps. I am very impressed with 's engineering.
Hey sports athletes can I get an RT against abstinence? My future kids are dying from this, thanks.
Rejoice in God our helper, shout with joy to the God of Jacob. Psalm 80:1
Who wants to earn some money? I really have no idea what I'm doing and my front landscaping needs HELP!
When you wait for the hard set to go to the bathroom
DId you not see they signed Delhomme?
We do have a lot in common!
Congratulations on the wedding I hope your wife knows she gotta player 4 life and that ain't no bullshitting
Low Carb Burger! No bun, No fries – just the meat with bacon, cheese & baby green beans.
I love shopping
Lunch today in the city?
#STLouis is the worst place to come for anything. We are very conservative & Dont like diversity> A city of Haters! Don't believe me? Come?
#geekend #fa115 via reminds me of Hieronymi at #SCAD "where is the juiciness" (in European accent)
found 8 versions of Road To Nowhere besides the original Talking Heads', like most of them. bottom line: great song!
When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
who u talking to
omg, classic!
Another heart-warming episode of Portland Sucks - Live at 8am - www.pdxsucks.com - listener discretion is advised.
Safe travels with all this thunder!
I GOTCHA
betta take a text message break
IBRC lookiing like Shrek! green all the way! come on baby.
Goodmorning to you
Green tea #5 is greater than or equal to Mambo No. 5. #wahoo Happy Friday!
Disagree! Our job is to inspire discussion, debate and passion OUTSIDE the theater.
#InstantTurnOn guys with piercings and tats...mum god.....
very excited to watch u two dance!!
Ok, well. After that goal.
My Dixie Wrecked
A lot of libertarians seem to overestimate how "hard core" of a libertarian Hayek was.
wouldn't it though? Yes!
Last Minute Deals at The Grand Addington Palace & Boreham House - The Perfect Wedding Locations, Get in touch now!!! 020 7060 1521
Just as I was about to get mad, someone started playing "The Wobble" I just needed a lil break
Going to Oregon city futsal
smashin 20 buffalo chicken rings and a sack of fries.
i am. good morning.
": Lolz! Ok. Have you had too much coffee or cappuccino this morning." Imma cappuccino girl and no I need some! Lol
i love you :) follow me please.?
omg D: I'd give them some sex videos , I bet they'll like it
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience with Zappos Shoes? Ping back for more info! :-)
I'm setting myself up for Future Greatness, because greatness is not givin, it is earned.
Inspired to get productive today.
RT : Great work by all four! RT : I just won a Pulitzer Prize with , and !
i'm working on it babe.i'm writing him again. Keep at it. cuz if he doesn't check his tweets he will never get it
Looks like I'll be joining the #OccupyMemorial movement on Saturday. No tix but still gonna be fun.
Thank you! It was a great event!
Haha love you too :P
Ok so....Its Thursday!!!!! LADIES NIGHT!!! Come out to D.I.L.L.I.G.A.F'S in Bradley tonight to see and guest DJ Pudge.
260 people have opted for the print subscription to ($65); only 60 have opted for the digital subscription ($51).
Discipline creates freedom.
When I Roll up...everybody..watching....Boss
fight kita nah :P
let me know if you need a ticket. Might be able to help you on that. We are on 9th/Alder pod downtown now.
ironic right? Where are the female CEO's hm
No matter how life goes by I still love u emily!!!
#20thingsaboutme 13. when i here a good beat to a song it doesnt matter where i am i dance like an idiot its fun to have people look at you
Well done to the team yesterday at #gbmaa interclub special thanks to
Ok bet,Just sent you a email
Woops. The stink eye I am receiving from the guy to my left right now tells me I talked to the wrong girl.
Lol we're perfectly normal!
I just been chillin bein who they tryin to be
Lmao RT : girl I'm over here already knowing...I'm in denial :(
I have an idea... Delivery. I have to stare at your restaurant all day at work- would you please send me an ultimate cheeseburger?
we'll be there!
Letter from the provost's office totally made my heart race 'cause I thought I must be in trouble. Was a thank u for serving on a committee.
Lmao I took my gma fruit snacks out ha hand & said thanks & she gon say "I oudda throw yo fruity butt all the way in the living room lmfao!
": lol agree like shit “: ": I think girls are naturally fake!"”" jus saying lol
; time to go get ready for finals today ..
All about me!! No one will do for you like you can... If that makes any sense
A bouquet from your employer for a promotion is nice, but a bouquet to your spouse for years of support is Class. #greatplacetowork!
I should one day!
I publish my own books and need developpers who will make it interactive. Do you do that? or only publish your own?
1 minute till show time.
I Don't Know/If I Care/I'm The Jerk/Life's Not Fair/Fighting All The Time/This Is Out Of Line/She Loves Me Not (8) Papa Roach.
Thats awesome Courtney! :)
“No one can claim understanding of the Late Middle Ages who has not read a BOH in bed.” C. de Hamel
ya guys we need tha opertunity . #Survivior needs people with a strong will & goal to WIN rather than follow!
Something I miss about Texas: thunderstorms. You just don't get em in San Francisco.
Well...That's exactly how everyone imagined this week's episode of to end haha
American Pickers looking for Kentucky sites for March visit. Email if you have a site that is worth pickin'
Obituaries would be more entertaining if they explained how the person died.
you said its German lol?
“: no prob buddy! Thanks for singing the demo hook for tam, k, and myself :)” my pleasure! Great hook!
#ThingsHarryStylesSays GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN! :
'11 is gone and in the rear view..#Bonnaroo'12! Counting down the days until line up is dropped
Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you
Really glad the only way we can be scored on is BS shots or PK's.
"We are at capacity for photographers for that show" really means "no, you can't be credentialed." Then finding out there was only 1 there.
She's really talent on :) She's very sweet to everyone. You deserve it, you made amazing for <U+2665>
Oh, so now you start tweeting?
Mccoy just scored aswell, comeback on maybe
just for you :)
Hey Great meeting u in Vegas at #NABShow. Didn't even discuss the MA connection...
little late for earth day......
I think your Twitter account may have been hacked. I've been getting some spam DMs.
i coold fill books with shit most people don&#39;t know
I think I'm not going to cut any of my hair the whole summer. Also meaning I'm not going to cut my side or bangs.
Good Morning World!.
Does anyone have orange vans?!
VisionQuest's Art in the Wildlands is a terrific cooperative event - Yucaipa/Calimesa News Mirror
I honestly believed in you.
Me too. I just love every icon I've ever had of Josh!
RT : if you not following , you're missing out! haha > Yeah, he's already in my TL. Thanks.
I wondered why my boss put me in a listening skills class when I "teach" speaking and comm skills...
If your toes are beat, no amount of polish will help.
front desk duty = dancing to "Call Me Maybe", hoping no one walks by the front door.
Costa Concordia: bridge officer training is a rigorous business
good god... unbelievable. who do we need to contact for a new mod?
"Facebook posts that mention alcohol, shoes or animals are a big hit for our fans" Gabrielle de Papp, VP
Peace to Shane @ Comey Dog!
All the money I have saved up is for shows mostly. Fuck food and clothes.
putting lights up in my room. so pretty!
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
It's finally happened. is on Twitter!
IT'S TIME TO TALK ABOUT HOW MR. POTATOHEAD CAN EXPRESS MORE EMOTION THAN KRISTIN STEWART
Coach, he is well liked by us Miami Heat fans as an original Heater -: NY Knicks Josh Harrelson = Pat Cummings? Old time Knick
Gotta love it when someone follows you to get a follow back...then unfollows you five minutes later. is a
If you start a ska band can I be the guy that just skanks on stage in a suit?
I appreciate you following back. :) Hope the rest of your weekend is super spectacular!
Yes, the weather stinks, but we still hung "Small Treasures" this afternoon. Opening Friday night.
#SXSW Film Fest movie #4 - "Jeff" - a documentary about Jeffrey Dahmer. Remember the city he was arrested in back in '91?
Do you think the Carousel of Progress should/will ever get another update?
As u should be gorgeous! RT : <<<--- is feeling good and looking good
I need to go to H & M classics...outbidding Saks!
I'm at in Woodbridge... custom fit ftw! They measure you, test you, make you run, & fit you... it's like a shoe matchmaker.
yeah how old are you now?
#ASTD2012 Is off to a great start! Have seen lots of our great customers.
the Photo Safari is a balloon photography rally at the musuem, with food, music and fun!
Ha! We'll take it under advisement!!!
WADE ass got on bs with Rip ass
Didn't think the Raiders would have ever surpassed any team including the Saints in integrity. I saw the pig fly, did you?
I guess I'm not who you thought I was.
KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News Weather, Video - Dodgers sale finalized ... - KTVN
Just tapped Fat Woody from Silver City!!
I am sad for the families of Farrah and Michael.
Congrats to #SDSU Coach Steve Fisher...much deserved 4 yr extension. Presser @ 2pm Monday. Great for #Aztecs and Recruits. #GoAztecs!
Overheard in Chelsea: "My maid is a transvestite and just like a man, she's horrible at dusting. "
#FF so appropriate for this Carolina girl :) master lyricist, taking tunes & making them your bitch. Rock on!
#FF because they rock and actually #FF my personal twitter as well! :) <3
Donald Trump urinal cakes for your locker room are a great gift for your coach.
I would, but I wouldn't make it too far :)
no way impossible
Hahahahaha omg I love that.
I don't understand y fans "Boo" certain picks. Cant we just be happy&excited 4 these kids? Come on they just got drafted 2the NFL!
Beastie Boys were a little before my time. Didn't listen to them much. But I do know how influential they were for a lot of people.
On the burner - MORNING'S LIGHT a drama - a runners guide to writing... Feet don't fail me now, run Max RUN.
As long as you can fall in love with the next rendition of the product/service, then we'll allow that love affair
BBT was new. Don't know about Community.
u know what sit on this -->> Middle Finger<---
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
Hey Darren, thanks for all the great things you are doing with your magazine in helping us to achieve success in our journey!
Hello Koji!! Hope you vaguely remember my eccentric self - this is Twitter and a different social media platform, after all! :)
Yay for mobile tweets!
More like, hilarious on so many levels. :D
I'm done with everything and everyone right now hands down
Now I'm shipping Lile with Ivy Lynn.
#Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez has torn ACL in right knee
thank you :) haha do i know you?
aww. Drake misses her.
Lebron james party at the epic hotel in downtown miami!!!!!! Welcome to Miami Bosh in Wade COUNTY..let's find u a crib in Lebroward
The #National commercial they keep playing during #wellsfargo tourney is killing me. Learn what #SEO is, you're contextually incorrect
Chuck all ways kept it real :)
Marry you - Ryan Beatty
hope you didn't fall asleep on the way to Arizona!
never settling
The Dads word was not gold. Fools Gold it was. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.
ill be sure to save you a shirt!!
We will be at 's Farmers Market tonight. Stop by for your Memorial Day weekend wardrobe!
y wat happen
Already have it auto tuned!
RT : 7 #Tips to use #Gmail more Productive www.hcbbi.th8.us
i had a great weekend. how about yours?
omg wow that was an emotional twister. Right there.
3 hours of nonstop Family guy!
O literary criticism: narrative is the means by which humans translate/mediate between other objects that affect us
What's next? A book by the Lion King, written for gazelles, explaining how strong lion legs r gud for them?
Christmas was 1.5 months ago bud
Right. That makes sense.
LOVE THE NEW PIX
Free lunchtime music in Schenley Plaza from 12-2 today, courtesy of the Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy!
Man, Omar Gonzalez sure did make A.J. DeLaGarza look 10x better than he is, didn't he?
Retweet if smokin dank makes you feel good:-)
A little taste of what we have to look forward to this term when the court deliberates affirmative action/U of Texas.
because I'm stealing him from you this week muahahahaha #sorryimnotsorry :)
“The days distractions always leave me unprepared for the nights loneliness when missing you is the worst.”
- interesting cause that's close to a Pareto distribution? 8000 is 23% of total zips, and has 80% of the diabetes pop.
Now that i have ate in a legit italian resteraunt.... i know they ARE LOUD PEOPLE!! Even though theyre cute, i could not deal with the l ...
You're retarded. Dragonscale is light armor anyways, so they're two different classes.
Be careful Ashley.. ": Sprite bottle filled wit 100 proof. Jus a matter of time nd ima be on my level"
Ha. Clouds ate the top of all the tall buildings downtown this morning.
#HappyMothersDay Love you Momma! :)
It's almost golf season. Time to break out Tiger Woods golf for the Wii.
Reminder: We have 3' x 5' White & Blue Checkered flags (w/ PVC Pole) for sale for $10! Love to see these throughout Morrison!
#rolltide MT I wish I could be in New Orleans for the game. Opportunity like this only comes along like once every other year.
yes u are
When it comes to that...shits real.
my mom says shes sick of the song boyfriend becuase i ve played it non stop since i got home from school ;)
Thank you! :)
Andy Weatherall is a
i'm out of school already xD :)ILYShawty<3
Haha, never my friend! I did clean house after reactivating but you're a true favorite.
ah best wake up ever <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Dowloading turn to you right now!!! Cant wait to hear it its number 8 already ahh cnt wait to hear it(:
hey congrats on your piece tonight on
George Mason Patriots ‘GMU Basketball Backboard ’ Pendant – 14KT Gold Jewelry
you too Mexican!! Just did my grito for us MEXICAN folks lol
That one minute party you have when the teacher walks out of the classroom.
New Girl holds a special place in my TV heart.
On the dark side of YouTube stumbled across a video of Cleveland from Family Guy spitting Ross' verse from "Ima Boss".
I gotta start goin out wit smarter girls.....4real
November 20th is the #TeDxYouth Day presentations in South Florida ~ Are you ready to see all the creativity in our local youth?
good. I don't need them bothering me for a statement during the game.
my french is tough.
Nice quiet weekend. Trying to get rid of my cold. Watched alot of the Rolex 24hrs at Daytona.
And to top it up my boy work here so we got free food. lol
O.O it's -4 degrees outside right now. Looks like winter is making up for lost time here.
We got our hands on amazing video from our friends at STARflight rescuing someone from the roof of a vehicle in fast moving flood waters.
let us know if there's anything you want us to post the rest of this week!
I might be persuaded to become a Giants fan in that case. Sigh...no, probably not. But pantsless Gia is still a good idea.
Heading out with , to find good food, including in strip malls, for NPR.
so I guess "ima dogg" But who am I to be shit to a bitch who in my eyes aint shit either!!
I've been on such a Katy Perry kick lately
Starting The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian by Sherman Alexie.
Reply NOW if you are currently in college. Come on smarty...those directions are easy.
Best news of the day: Falcons' Mularkey hired by Jacksonville. Time to find a real offensive coach and free up Matt Ryan to win games.
you can also put it on a larger truck and pay for space, rather than the entire truck.
Great interview. And, the book cover is beautiful. Look forward to reading.
Haha yes I do :) among other things :).
Soup Night + Chocolatefest + Jamming!
you look like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>hahahahaha
Hey! I found your nose.. It was in MY buisness.
this movie is strange...
#Koch plan is to increase income inequality, protect Wall Street banks, subsidize Big Oil & eliminate Medicare, Medicaid, SS & Unions.
Have a safe trip! :D
#beefliver... yuck. gotta love
How can WI GOP claim moving in right direction when ranked DEAD LAST in job creation? B/C can't do worse than last?
lol all of culinary is ready!
Just told a midget not to be short with me. It's life, people. There are no instruction manuals.
and i just imagine them as these perfect beings just because everyone i know in real life is awful
So I'm confused. When did St. Paddy's Day become a holiday as in "Have a great St Paddy's day weekend!"? Did I miss something?
Just spoke with Apple rep about way to sync 20 iPads for classroom use. Answer=no easy way. We'll keep experimenting and let you all know.
You have at least two addresses memorized; Your own address and P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
I'm really borred
Giving money to OFA? RT : I can't think of anything I'd enjoy less than giving money to Mark Zuckerberg.
That doesn't happen in Florida. UF, FSU and Miami fans would never cheer for another state team. No way, no how. :)
don't worry you're not alone . But honestly you have nothing to be insecure about .
:-D RT That awkward moment when you lean in to hug someone sexy and bump your head on the mirror.
thnks for the follow! Care to promote?
Just got done listening to #KissTheSunGoodbye and i must say IT IS AWESOME!!!!!!
Amazing 2 hour set restored my faith in #kanye!!!
I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized what you had.. too late
First Thursday at the Poster Garden - 14th/Hoyt-Music, Wine, Food, Art!
too bad #school #libraries aren't represented at today's #ESEA hearing! Good schools need good libraries!
At home- Yanks Astros on computer, USA-England on ABC, pages turning very slowly on monday 2nd Hour book, Click
Putting all my energy into my dreams....aspirations...so ambitious, baby...
awww thanks boo but really tho they slippin if they ain't following u
Thanks for the follow...hope you are having a great week. Maybe we can work together sometime.
Aw, have fun you guys. But not too much fun, because I'm not there. :)
I was in the warning.... :P It didn't sweep me away though. Hehe.
Be on this bitch later... Hit the studio early in the morning North Side Denver.... & GOODMORNING followers *SAY it back too*
I ate a hotdog after it fell on the floor tonight. I wasn't even drunk. I solely blame
Five dolla make you holla SANGRIA! A whole pitcher...Red or white, you choose!
Good morning! How was your weekend?
what are you studying?
It takes so little to make a difference. Be aware. Be kind. Do the right thing. Make it a priority.
Movie day ?
She can get it in the morning
Should I get an early start on Movember?
Thinking back on a conversation and wishing I had said something different.
Free dees nuts in to mouth
It was shameful that needed #thesave by the AI judges tonight. Clearly, people did not vote for one of the best singers!
he's still better than Meisner
Buffalo lounging
cool! See you there!
Hello! ArtBarcs is dedicated to identifying & connecting the most innovative artists w a global community of art lovers & buyers!
I can't get enough of #OnceUponATime It reminds me that even as an adult, I love a good fairytale, & still wish for one
#justkiddin i appriciate everything you do for me =)
im so glad you tweeted that<U+E00E><U+E00E>
Super Nintendo Happy hour at Cactus!! 2 flat screens, games up the wazoo, + Bud slinging excellent drink specials!! 3-7pm!!
Congrats to for his Grammy nomination ... Next year :)
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Happy Veterans Day! Honoring the brave and selfless people who serve or served our country!
what are you worrying about?
Let me know how that works out for you!
That's what no sleep will do for you :( RT u stay sick...
What up Ash! “: Hi friend ”
Dawkins says his defining moment was seeing tears in Jim Johnson's eyes after winning the NFC Championship. Johnson was his DC in Philly.
I think everyone ought to get rich and well-known and do everything they ever desired so they may see that it's not the reply.
Almost time to head to the airport - should be in Vegas at about 5pm.
Focal Point and Acting Coach ! (y)
Is throwing baby elephants at nude golfers illegal? Maybe if ur half Morrocan? Wait huh... Yum Morrocan chicken salad! Uh huh uh huh
If you use chasers Idk about you
That's so cool :D
thats cool! He seems outgoing!!
Not silly, tired! And of course not, that why you have it ;) I'd cuddle you to warm you up too :) x
An Asian bitch probably did that. Haha. She is ready.
lets go to the mall today.
Its hard to be taken serious in the business world when your bless with curves
those people who are like, "Follow this person to gain followers." are so phony. O.o
Ugh now what?!
- thanks on sharing. hope we'll see you both there!
They can’t get on my level, my level is private Who fly more than me?, my level is pilot
vs. <~~~ 2 years in the making. Getting my
#WRESTLEMANIA28 great ass match. Undertaker vs H
Most grammatically correctest, too. RT love the dumb conversations me nd kiara have :), we are the most randomest people ever :)
": This is not happening"
now we are Watching another science movie
Everytime I try to use it, it does something stupid. I'm only using it because it is the only way to get stuff on the iPad
nice to see the play so well! its quite a change
so? Ryan Stoneberger and Alora Reiff have been dating for three years. I definitely think they are experiencing real love.
good to meet you at and great to hear has a "local forager"!
I got my phone taken away. /:
six pack.
Nice to be back in Indy. Mass Ave is such a cute area.
Have a wonderful day full of God's grace and favor. :-)
WHY does subway have the best cookies?! I go there trying to be healthy & can't resist <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Holy Warm-Crap=o-la Batman! Tha' Breaks had me in stitches!
is now following me what what! #FF her tweethearts <3
thanks JOSH!!! WElcome aboard!!!!!!
My roomie, the lovely girl, surprised me w/ a huge iced coffee, knowing how much work I have. But I just wanna drink these beers I bought...
aw dont say that im sure you are <U+2665>
We have alot of jams in the works and we are in the process of booking more shows
Setting up pricegrabber feeds like it was my job. Oh wait... it is my job-- well part of my job.
Compassion for ourselves and others makes complex situations easier.
hahahaha love this and you! glad you had a happy birthday!!
Today marks the peak of Carnival. Carnival is often represented as a theme in comedies of fun triumphing over repression (Lent).
I hope Kendall Hansen's horse wins.
Public Service Announcement from yours truly:Turn Signals are NOT optional. Use them! It won't hurt & it's the law! Lessons available $19.95
Interesting concept but I'll leave the crafting to the professionals and stick to enjoying the fruits of their labors.
very cool light sculptures!
Thanks for the tweetin' love Austin!!!
#3WordsForYou give me money
#TNC10 Packed session on FQBHCs presented by Dale Jarvis. (Trying to find a bio)
Can I kick it?
Thanks we try our best!!
You have got to be kidding me. Been off since 11 & you STILL haven't picked me up. Better be the BEST damn excuse I've ever fucking heard.
Can't nobody in rap say "Fool" better than Ice Cube!!!
Gregg has a new Twitter profile...from our FAV movie...check out
Why is rosebud website down? Thought they were staying open?
Don't let lil mama jug it ..
yeah i know :p
If I Die Tomorrow No One Will No Know How I Really Felt...
did they like their gifts? how was your Christmas?
Your welcome Jess :) I hope whoever helped you did a good job! I am about to logout so I can eat my breakfast. What about you?
Just finished a session on Merge. Two cashes and one final table kk<AJ. Now chilling with
OT? Steelers just got Tebow'ed
Im a space bound rocketship, and your hearts the moon. <3
Thanks for the RT about 826!! :)
So I ran out of gas yesterday. Pretty amazing way to spend a Sunday. Not as enjoyable as when it happened on my way to high school
FAMU Band Suspended Another Year... Looks like some ppl have to reevaluate there future...
happy mother's day, kuya!
good game tonight between and sabres. Bruins looking for some payback. Should be good! Check it out.
The most important metrics in determining a trade show's success are: attendance, number of exhibitors, revenues &net square footage.
R. Kelly has his issues. Whitney hers. Me mine. You got some too. No judging. Appreciate the talent. And the people God gave it to w/ them.
#WhyDoiAlways mess up every relationship I'm in... :/
tweet me if you wanna co-own i am looking for 3 co-owners
friday night beneath the stars
yea! <3 haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love(: btw where are you from?
Furniture. Dishware. Flatware. You name. We almost have got it all. There's still time. As Bob Barker would say, "COME ON DOWN".....!
Just got to Diego Me and Ddp bout to hit hit a BBQ
Can we please get Demps his first freakin' win of the season already?!
i like justin bieber
Thx all you smart movers, you have the right idea!
I know creep
are you coming to #Gatsby ?
S/O to - referred by Allen M #pineappleMondays #durham #NC - we got u on the follow. ;-)
haha, while you guys are getting rained on at the bus stop, im in the lobby of my old building across the street!
NAME THE LYRICS: Prostitutes stomp in high heel boots And badges screaming,"Young black children stop or I will shoot!"
I'm calling this now: Lord Tensai wins Beat the Clock.
it was the most disappointing part of the night.
Said I'd do a quiz and some more quotes when I got to 2320 followers and I'm there so I'll be doing them sometime today!x
This is true, but as they say, if u dont like it, then play better RT“ looks like traveling in the minors isnt fun.”
Yes, thank you! I think so also! I was looking through old pics 4 my uncle 2 find 1 he wanted to use 4 the memorial/funeral!
TGIF no classes today all tests #thankful <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I LOVE IT.
Hines Ward was the toughest wide receiver in my lifetime.
This girl looks like a horse
Thank you for sharing this! Happy Friday!
Approx twice a year I eat at Basil and I am disappointed 100% of the time.
My life needs more cow bell.
I feel like the tension between me and my mom is just getting thicker. I can feel another argument brewing.
: It's hard to break new ground.
Maybe if I just stop breathing my sinuses won't get any worse. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Columbus Chance-In-Hell.
super-I hope I'm on your list-it's on my calendar!
Heading out to cast some once and future GUIDES!! So excited! is Coming Soon.
painful, but good....every day I'm alive and vertical I've got a smile on my face :-)
that is a monkey and nyan cat is flying right above us
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen I've been really busy and slaking on my fanpage...just want y'all to know I LOVE Y'ALL!!! <333
What games are you watching this weekend?
Bouta Smoke a pound!
Happy birthday mimaw and .!
Im jus mind blowing i really am
Nice to meet IRL today. Evidence is growing that my twitter friends are not imaginary.
I keep thinking I should censor myself...
Sounds like a Bulls home game!
Thanks to our #GPTWConf sponsors , Baird,
Special $99 dollar rate mention this add. The weather is great in OB (=
thanks! We're following you :)
I got a letter in the mailing saying that my green card hass been approved and it should be here in a few weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I'm to excited
Got a stack of about 30 records for you. A mixed bag of stuff. You want?
Let's go rangers <3333 mark staal!
Fingertip Stickers Let Gloves Tap on Touch Screens
Got a bunch of projects going on...some Voice, some On Camera...it's just kind of happening.
The subway here has carpeted floors. Very old carpet. I feel like I'm riding in my grandmother's living room.
Love the sweepstakes idea and great job with Purina internships! Good stuff.
Can you trust yourself?
Enjoying this weekend! Thank you to for the opportunity to host an amazing wine competition!
Im Fuckin Witcha My Dude Lets Work
Goin to Amherst vs. Avon in high school baseball tonite.
Not just a #Hamburger - mesquite grilled ground sirloin with all the fixins!
dont have to clean anything up after the Spence pick
I wake up every morning with a big smile on my face, and it never feels out of place.
** and come on i wont be able to get on during thaaa weekend
You look so much like your Grandma Dorothy. Is that Chuck with you? What are the boys names and ages?
its a tie between Captain America and Iron Man
New post: RAM Mounting Systems RAM-B-149Z-SPO2U Handlebar Mount for SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger
RT : Wanna send a special shout out to all of the Spring 2012 graduates. CONGRATULATIONS! Keep soaring!
thanks for following me and supporting me as an artist. god bless. www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
- the only author that can get my husband to sit and wait in a line.
#SYEP Youth are in charge of your own BRAND as you start your #careers. Decide what you want to say about urself B4 u decide where ur going.
We're building out some new analytics features at and we support IE7 and IE8. I'm building a raphael compatibility layer.
#stopchildabuse Coming soon Salma's sotry from childhood abuse to courageous survival. Look for it soon. :)
I'm wearing rain boots today. Idgaf what anyone says <U+2602><U+2602>
Doing My Hair ;)
holy shit, i just got a craving for subway omgomgomg i want.
I love them. Such great lyrics.
Lmfao look at the poof on his head. RT Ms_amERICA_x Omg his shoes are so long and pointy. I hate aKZV.
Yes and no - I've recommended papers be chopped or split. Sometimes less is more to keep the content clear and concise.
Why Can't I Have Dimples ?!
The High School Slam Dunk contest is better than the NBA's Dunk contest
Thanks! Lots of owl fun, I'm obsessed too. Email to you soon.
I got a lot of stuff to get accomplished today. Going to be a busy day.
"I have yet to see something that SCHOOLS should DO that government can do better. "Thank you!
I wonder if this #shirtoff is even going to be legal...
Awesome follows!
Now THAT'S FUNNY but TRUE
Auburn ave jumping tonight
yes mammy!
I must admit I'm not the biggest fan of the Dentist.
PARENTHOOD. Holy crap. We must talk! I don't think I'll survive the six months until it comes back.
About to dissect a frog. I'm scared. -.-
Honduras mission team on the road headed for our flight in DC!
Fustrated about my b-day party!
:D “: So glad I am stickin around for another week! I'm so stoked about the song for next week:-). Ready to melt faces.”
": Don't know why my phone followed but fuck it ain't hurting me" --Bahaha. Made me laugh.
Thanks for all the recent followers! Check out our website and be sure to leave us feedback on twitter or facebook!
Wow!!! This day went by fast. I guess that happens when youre getting things done.
is following me! EEK!
i think that babay wanteed to be a wigger
: No, I do not use it. Just seemed to me to be a great idea.
If you only knew
Just met with a really sweet new prospective client with an overture center wedding! Love the colors we picked.
We love it when fellows hang out! RT: Great seeing fellows katie & karl! Can't wait for nxt month's
I'm naming my dog Sir Licks A Lot and you can't stop me.
Does it still count as good luck if you freak out and accidently swat the ladybug away when it lands on you?
next time
Huh. Meddling is one of my avocations. Not easy to be an effective meddler!
Can't wait to start developing Apps for the new Samsung TVs, beautiful new interface
Yea no kidding, and the Pujols-less offense isn't half bad either, still feels weird though.
Crap!!! I forgot to do my English homework!!!!!! And its 10:30. -.-
Can someone tell me why the walkers can't get to Hershel's farm?
welcome to my new followers
RT: "A one word reply is not acceptable to my paragraph message #butactually" this is one of my absolute biggest pet peeves.
And the oakleys go on......
Someone came into my work the other day wearing an Okie Dope shirt. Brought a tear to my eye.
"A girl like Reba's got what I need, with big broad shoulders and a red assed weave."
I'm looking at more specific program offerings, such as community informatics and/or a more advanced reference focus.
take cab to Federal Hill and eat @ Regis - u will NOT be disappointed!
I had it saved between the pages of my yearbook, it fell out while I was digging through stuff. Made my day!
I feel we need simply to return to tax rates that existed under Clinton, across the board (not just > $250K)....
Howard Station
Editing the last VEDA video for 2012...bittersweet...mostly sweet.
Everytime I'm about to start homework, everything else just becomes so much more interesting.
any word on how the cashew cheese sauce tastes with grapeseed oil instead of canola?
Thanks alot to the guy driving 75 MPH in extremely heavy rain conditions and spinning out into my car fucking it up. #sadface :(
Women are unique. Not all words that spoken by their mouth is the same with what they feel in the heart.
You can thank your lucky stars that everything I wish for will never come true.
I give up on like legit I made a nice thing for him to read and he still won't read it or atleast tweet me back! Ugh I'm done
thank you! I had a great time!
Goin to take a shower. BBL. :P
I haven't seen The Help, yet. But it's on my "to watch" list. (I read the book, tho...)
Big day...gotta finish 500 #cakepops and RGIII will officially become a
(u'd have to like cheesecake)
DJS for all events, State of the art lighting and sound.
wts the biz anything new we need feildmob bra!
Er...remind me sometime to share how I broke my ankle last fall...
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” JQA
You know what's great? The fact that I can watch archived video of italo disco bands from 1970s Dutch TV, on my phone.
Congrats man!
Um.....awkward.
Lost 5lbs woo here I come #summerBody! ;)
I mean the signed shirts lol
#LadyGaGa #LadyGaGa #LadyGaGa ... If that doesn't get her attention, we should check on her! Lol.
Hey Tori I was, and I will!
nope, pin placements were in traditional spots & greens were perfect
“: Between the #Lions two turnovers and the #Saints efficiency, New Orleans has yet to punt.” and their shitty ass refs
Or you can always build another wing on the house -- my back up plan, if only I could convince my hubby :)
I hear it doesn't help much. feel better!
*starts a three tongue stretch* :D
orange back up drive is back in reg room if anyone sees Anna!
follow my new account !
aw damn!! Lol
First thing this new year, I plan to send my next book, Pasadagavra, off to the publishers. Hopefully it will be available April-or-May-ish.
looking for session singers- feel free to send me demos + showreels
No matter what mountains you are facing, you can be confident that God is bigger than any problem and able to carry you over any mountain.
Get your news from at least 3 outlets, to get different points of view. Get divergent ideas and understand both sides of the issues...
Woodland's office is getting a much needed facelift, pics to follow!
#IMMSongTitles S. A. X. by Lyfe Jennings
Transformation is to become something that u r not, Conformation is to fully become who u r because you are already it.-Bishop J.C. Williams
#JOBSEEKERS, be professional when you turn down an offer. You never know where that relationship my cross your path again
best feeling in the world!!
She must be quite the literary princess if all she recommends are true crime books...
I wish MSNBC would get rid of Erin McPike. She's just another GOP tool
Why do they make you do your show in the hall?
#Marlins first game at their new ballpark is against the #Yankees on April 1. Tix range from $58-$988. The stadium looks great.
cool cool good luck my nig hope shes a bad bitch
Dude riding your bike at 12:30 are you trying to get hit? #dumb people
Effective leadership is putting first things first
A mosquito will fly MILES for a good meal like mosquito-magnet-me. One stalked me inside my toilet. Can't bring myself to discuss much more.
Setting up our account on Twitter :)
Again, great news on a Friday! Candidate presented to a client accepted a position as comm. manager today! Congrats Stacey!
I'm available for a cocktail 6:30, anyone??
That's rich. RT We don't want him. RT : Yawn. RT One more time: Chris Paul should be a Laker.
As of August 26, 2009 SinCityCrossFit is now on Twitter! We are very excited... www.sincitycrossfit.com
Happy Mother"s Day to all the Mother"s out there. Have an Awesome day
we'll bring the bar to you!!
Sometimes it's just easier to pretend that you don't care
just followed!
Eco Academy students & teachers are rallying to save the libraries at 11-12 today! Olympic btn Union & Alvarado!
thank you
“: Cell phones ruined pushing people in the pool.”rt
": A real nigga don't tell a female "I love you" for sex."”
lol check yes!
I've been listening to my own voice for the last couple hours while transcribing interviews
I do though :/
Thanks for the follow and congrats on your new album!
um live healthy? “ Having sex three times a week for one year = Running 75 miles.”
In lieu of recent events at the W Hotel, Wine Down Wednesday (6/29) has been cancelled. We hope to reschedule this date in July. Our...
So I just kind of flipped out when I saw you followed me. I just read your about section and almost pissed myself.
My people skills are just fine thankyou, It’s my tolerance to idiots that needs work.
Wow I just found MamaChia at Central Market in Poulsbo!
Thanks so much Angela! I'll tweet this review out tomorrow, post it on Facebook, the band site, etc. Really appreciate it!
Justin we are trying.
jealous you know so many people here! Heading to Tel Aviv on Thurs where I know more folks.
Hey Lilian! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
How is HIV and AIDS transmitted if you don't have any sex at all?
Spurs Vs Jazz Game 2-
Things aren't much wilder now, I don't think, than they were back then.
aw that is sweet! did you like our fbook page!?
That's what I'm hoping for! RT : let's hope we play tomorrow!
Seriously needing new friends- so sick & tired of being sick & tired over the same crap every day.
Anytime!! :)) ": thanks for the shout out! cheers"
<Thank You
Accepting vintage vinyl,screenprinted show posters,& so on in lieu of actual dowry.Lifetime Chicken Bowl invite=priceless!
The Hornets took down the Heat tonight! 5-0 baby!!! Geaux Hornets!
something impossible to kick, mwahaha!
I got you
ha cool - I've yet to see the one it's a sequel to in front of a flick
Dunno what you're up to the next two days, but I'm off, and in need of draaaaanks. hit me up. hope you had a good christmas!!
I am fairly certain you can monitor twitter lists, let me investigate a little further
Nice response to Eric's question on #thatdarnlist. Great job on the vid, too!
what are the chances of getting a reporter to come & speak with us tomorrow AM at UPJ at the Young Entrepreneurs Series?
Life without desire and dreams is empty and meaningless...
Yeah you did! Keep up the good work.
i been here for a min bro
Hope you feel better.
Everyone on my train has an umbrella and/or a raincoat. Except me. Perhaps I should've checked the forecast.
Hope you get some sleep and feel better soon!
Perfection RT : Instagram will end up being your fun friend from college who married for money and changed for the worst.
Raleigh going to Domincan Republic &Apex going to Ecuador,both the 1st week of August! Email !
do you like cats
What do you miss most about the arcade days?
there are rich black people. Sometimes the love of money outweighs taking care of their people.
Racing canceled for today. Thoughts and prayers go out to Matt Marker's family.
These refs are full of shit
Thanks for sharing that picture, now I must have cupcakes for dinner instead of something healthy.
I had those shoes in high school! the kamikazes
I just did my nails
needs someone to skype D:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 37
Meeting with the conference committee
"we are sitting in the carells at the sfpl"
Mika's going to be mad....
no I don't think so! All of little mix deleted :)
This #TrayvonMartin case feels like a story out of Richard Wright's Uncle Tom's Children.
Obama Had 10 Times More Money Than Romney for Campaign
Less than 36 hours til #feastingforfido hope to see you there :) (cc:)
pretty cool but you're crazy
All of a sudden everyone becomes interested in #modeling & #photography, what's your reason? You're not even good at it!
i loved to check out a game there
Filling in your entire lip with lipliner before your lipstick or gloss will allow your lips to maintain color longer!
Hi! *waving*
Namaste, world! We are making the Shift right now!
#Colts call news conference for 6pm... can't wait to hear the reason behind all the cuts. Tune in at 10pm for the latest!
#notetoself don't drink and tell everyone they are beautiful over the micorphone... it's not nice to lie
yes! Focus on finishing school and then we will make it happen! :)
My musical ends tomorrow , but hey I need a break.
haha yeah. I'm so glad I don't go there anymore.
How are 13-1Caseys doing right now? How about a look?
My life is difficult... <U+2665>
Thank you for speaking at last night! Already put my app in for the #marketing internship!
“When you control a man’s thinking, you do not have to worry about his actions.” – Carter G. Woodson
And he just used my pet word, "wretched"!
Whats the probability an will be hanging out around IAD tonight around 9pm?
Dear Tom Barrett: You are a douchebag. Thanks for wrecking a great city. Your stupidity is beyond belief.
I know! Especially after such a great #worldseries! Ah well, it'll be here before we know it, so let's relax for now : )
thanks dude much love \m/
#TOURS Death Grips Announce Tour
"No Offense" really means, "I’m about to insult you but don’t get mad."
Why am I tweeting about it now after being asked to keep it a secret? It's been written about in the Weekly so it's now public info
Journalism ethics in a digital era with Kelly McBride = interesting discussions
Watching dysfunctional Arsenal trying to finish season against Norwich. Hint: it's not going too well for them at the moment
Thank you to all of our staff and loyal clients,without you our 20 year anniversary could not have been possible.
"most of us didn't get in to #Afterschool because we liked afternoons"
Fuckin mad crazy today! Got a nigga wantin to dip!
NGP VAN’s speaking on Mobile Advocacy panel at #CampaignTech at 5pm. He has news about MiniVAN…
Give like you own the world & Love like it's your last day!
yea Lol I so ain't I don't talk and Im usually sitting by myself and doing shit by myself Lol I was like maybe if I play footba
The Raven was one of the best movies of all time.. On the edge of my seat the whole time!
Pittsburgh just keeps shooting themselves in the foot! Would have liked to see them give the fg a try. Owell #overtime should be exciting.
Truth. RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit. Theres no exceptions here guys.
no worries! How long are you in town? We have extra copies.
Thank you for your technological innovation, great customer service & being so darn easy to do biz with. Yep, you pretty much rock.
Had the audio & video tracks been separated or were they still joined on the timeline? Once sep., we don't have merge featr
#food(easter candy)
Let us enjoy each teaching and learning moment with our students and take each experience to the next level. Happy teaching!
Happy Happy Thanksgiving to all! God Bless!
Wacky electrical weather in Denver last night.
So I turn on channel 13 and there is a baseball game on. The New England Red Sox are beating the New York Mets 6-2?????
Please welcome Bible_101 to the Max life
will be up there ins little while, so I have to live vicariously through her lol
Why am I not invited to hipster drag races that end with motorcycles on fire?
Sara smith discussing artistic research in archives and archives as 'point of origin for creativity'
Teasing your hair= teasing it until you no longer can use a brush u will need a rake
#TeamBreezy FOLLOW ME ILL FOLLOW BACK
The awkward moment when the kid you like says "Oh wow, look extra hoe this morning.."
Thank God for lattes.
wow order a 100 13x19 posters in the next hour and get them for just 60$ when the normal price is a 100$ now thats a deal
The Oregon basketball court is kind of pretty - yet hideous.. at the same time.
Thanks. Have a great weekend, Sharon!
it's scary stuff. Rats following the piper off the cliff. Bigots who hate our black POTUS hate it
love, love, love the goat cheese and rosemary cream cheese - so yummy! this will have to be a weekly buy!
I did this last year! I still get random "you are now linked" messages from people like plumbers from it.
thanks<3 omg. your pretty(:
Actually, I don't even need to put my name at the end. Tia and Shelby never come on :\ lol
I love to weed! But I am NOT a bibliophile.
DJ Omega mixing the Salsa at the Monaco Tonight.Howard The DJ with Old School Salsa on Thursday at Madrigall.
When calls me a slut<<< Breaks my heart :(
off to mariel's house :) w/ katlene
Wish my good luck on my STARR Test today. I really hope I can go to the seventh grade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thx for the folo I live in your district
everyone is allowed a few eff ups...but when ALL of your playlist is garbage?! Lol
I havn't sent out any messages today about a funny pic. It got sent to me & I replied to it & it went to all my followers.
Thank you so much! It's for a journalism class- I'm writing a paper on negative political advertising and how it affects people.
wow he's a genius
making an observation = sexist? RT : Apparently is a sexist dumbass. Good to know. Glad I don't frequent his site.
only 3 more days till the Craft Bazaar! I just restocked the City Hall hoodie and a new shirt! come see it all this weekend!
Now THAT! We can agree on...
Q6 If you could volunteer abroad anywhere, where would you go?
Love you gals! xo
AI has been a wrap
what happened?
Mighty fine weekend, but its back to the grind this week, beginning with a little 8am lifting tomorrow
make it happen my son
Can't wait to see you tomorrow night. Have a great show!
what's his twitter I'll RT this to him.
A forget-me-not to / for answering our fact-check request after I tweeted about how long we were waiting.
What Jerz you looking to get? I am dying for a #15. I will split the shipping if you want.
I missed thirty minutes though
on tha xbox!(:
yes he is! Chris is the best, he'd be happy to help you with any requests!
Nice!!! Im going to Vegas next month!! When are you coming to Florida?
FREEDOM OF SPEECH!!! Peeps! Let it be heard and followed!
meaning we will finally have a chance to have our cup of coffee.
Part of GPC group heading to Apple HQ for an "executive briefing". E! Any burning questions you'd like me to ask my gracious hosts?
I hate when the extremely smart people take the whole freaking class period to take a test. When I'm done I want to talk damnit!
I don't know what you did there, but I'm impressed with the results.
You're SO on point my friend, I want to retweet everything!! :)
Great show last night! Controversy big time next week with founder of Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin Wed 4/13 9-11pm RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
As you fill out your mail in ballot remember its simple. NO to ABCD! No to A, No to B, and No to CD H/T
Watch out for PHilli
I believe in Jalex
Leggo Tiger, show the haters that you can still play
Someone start Pinstagram then sell it for $2 billion and give me half.
love your mission and hope to join u soon!
TONIGHT... B-A-H hits the stage at 10p at French Quarter for Jazzfest Series...WE GET IT IN!!
The Wizard of Oz had really good investment skills, he wasn't even from Oz and he had better property than everybody else.
Do it. Just do it. Don't think about it. Just do it.
Thank you for the RT!! You Rock! Have a fabulous night!!
I can see the writing on the wall.
is following me.
finally back in downtown san francisco at the RSA conference, having re withdrwl of not visiting san fran tech scene
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> yea it did lol well hey Ms. Scales <U+2764>
no better way to de-funk than to funk it up!
some trees are nicer than others, but it's hard to know if the optimal one was chosen. Many would be just fine.
There's no reason to chant MVP to Kobe Bryant
Finally going to bed:p LONG but really fun night well P.E.A.C.E.
I've been proven wrong!! I love you - you have redeemed yourself!!!
I don't go to news sites anymore. I go to specific stories. Overall site design honestly means little to me.
There is a deer in my backyard!!!
#SongICanRelateTo #Drake - Shot for me .!
IM LOVING IT!!!! YES! ASOT550 again with that Ferry flair! gotta love the man, hes a beast!
- Hey Elisabeth, thanks for following! What's new?
hope to get to the show. will look for you!
Hi! Long time no talk, how are you!?
You have 13 Harry Potter tattoos? Awesome! I only have one. But I also have a Lord of the Rings and 3 of the Avengers.
#4: 1964 – Civil Rights Act passed, outlawing discrimination based on race. It provided a framework for disability rights legislation.
Midnight session at the studio. Rock on
I had my second lobster dinner in four days, and one more coming up this weekend. I love summer.
Rubio: Look, Obama could give this same speech, only better. But the media is interested in me and I wanted a hashtag.
I found my original birth certificate!!! Yay!!!! :-D
Help desk company that uses a competitors help desk. Really? I just found one.
hi jimmy(;
A HUGE Thank You to all that came together to support Ya Ya in a time of need. You are amazing.
Would be a bit late though. Especially for a Wed.
Looking for a job? Two words: No nudes. Unless it's that kind of a job.
Ordering an MIW pullover, their Creatures poster, and a poster & since i bought stuff from WCAR, i get a free tour program(:
In the words of the great Missy E "flip it and reverse it" :)
Wanted to see if anyone has even been to my page...Not a damn soul has even taken a look lately...man?????????
My wife and I are considering buying a king size Simmons NxG 300 mattress. Anyone have one of these? Like it? We're tired of our Sealy :(
#WhyDoiAlways so that shit she don't care
Yeah, I'd say that is pretty much his default position.
#Kentucky makin it look too easy
No homo i really like Carrie Underwood's new song
Creep is so good anyway.
Make us proud on Sunday Q
At super bowl village!!!!
How do you manage so many people? My 3,000+ is becoming a full time job. :-)
check your dm. And DM me your contact info
we need to hang out sometime:D
I want to think about it, and learn more - I'm not a L&E nerd. But am generally skeptical of enthusiasm for markets.
#wcphilly #day2 : ticket #3398: "I need help please, you lazy bastards."
#NP " Save the world (Knife party remix) - Swedish house mafia " <3!!!
what it do?
where u at
He Skype's Me , And Over The Phone Lol
OMFG ARE YOU GODDAMN SERIOUS...this asshole put me on hold for 15 to wait for the phones to shut down....I'm fuckin somebody up tommorow
meow. I miss you!
Once you lose control of your mind and it is controlled by an outside force you lose your sense of self...
Can't wait until this Kentucky title is vacated in two years
Don't let your block party be a dud, add an inflatable bouncer, obstacle course, or several of each for a day filled with fun
Ah, let Jameson sink in...but really, because he's just so freakin' adorable you kinda have to -
Talking with a lot of cool artist and they are all great , I am rockin ' thanks all of you !
I just saw that this morning! Thanks so much for passing it along.
Google Embraces Responsive Design, Recommends You Do the Same - Wired News
<wee happy dance> <laughing> Rats, now I feel I must raise the bar of my usual twaddle.
"i like to party, you like to party, we like to party all fucking year!"
What a Amazing Day!!!
I wonder if stop, drop, and roll works in hell
I was going to tell you how amazing you are, but you wanted everyone to stop tweeting. Your loss, I guess.
The Umass kids were rioting because they were happy for Victor Cruz...right?
Sleepy time.
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either. Source Unknown
thanks for the RTs!
no more #soparopa coupon? i want to transfer my domains to you but can't make that coupon work - thanks!
#iMissYouWhen I look at the background on my phone and it's you :/
& we didn't qet any damn pictures of him STRIPPING. dammit! -.- )':
Blake Griffin's flopping is getting ridiculous
Alonzo Gee really can't dribble but his hesitation left-to-right crossover in transition is a very good move.
The Madison-Chicago relay is coming soon. Time to get ready for the long run
TREE INFO-Research the tree you like before you plant! Make sure it won't be too big or wide for your planting space.
You should have pitted them against each other
I think we're going to see Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. Wanna come? #IHopeThisDoesn'tSuck
Josh is working out in the other room and it sounds like he's trying to lift a car off an old lady. I went in to watch and he said, "No."
Gonna be a loud music day. Dealing w/a "my expectations are obviously not your expectations" matter concerning metadata and workflows.
Nah, Starforce Hip Hop is coming on nicely & may take out WSHH. But is on a different level.
Artist Bio: www.Reverbnation.com/Cynical303 For Quality Colorado Hip Hop, check out my music Kold Reality
Online Chess Lessons for Students of all levels to Improve Chess Skills and Mastery!
Last night I was riding home with Ashley smoking a blunt, listening to John by and I was like, weezy sounds like god. Hahaha
My mama birthday tomah i hope she have a great day
I don't feel like the #sixers really upset the #bulls. Do you?
#imagine Louis tells you that he loves you more than the carrots <3<3
So, you are going to 's cabin? RT: "I wanna get black out, pissing the bed, sloppy drunk tonight #dealwithit"
Norfolk is still a bigger upset, once lehigh finishes this off. Duke was flawed in so many ways. But yea, mizz was far from perfect too
yay cocaine i was joking wth my friend and i said we should make cherry cocaine u in :-)
Don't hate....DETROPIATE...
Have fun! Hope to see you both at Soda Bar Wednesday! Say hi to Kolinka for me!
Making assumptions only makes you sound ignorant
Karma will bite you in the ass. Be careful where you tread.
Excited to share TEDxABQ page on Google+. Join the circle with other New Mexico TEDheads. Hangouts coming soon!
Wow the Beach Boys segment was WAY better than I expected...Tears of joy instead of sadness tonight
Call He can make it painless. Sorry you're having that pain!
Hair spa-ing at home<U+263A>
Maybe. But I'm inclined to think it's the lack of explicit disclosure.
He's da bomb~
I was going to call my grandmother's senator, but the site's down!
Thanks for these examples, Wendy. I'm hoping we can get our DOIs to act as clickable links, but like find in library too
Going to the movies. Call me a sap but i want to see Warhorse. My kids refuse. Why?! whats wrong with a lil blubbing over good Speilberg?
Just read it. Sometimes ya gotta take one for the team!
If you are on our email list, you will be receving a survey today in your inbox! Please fill it out for us! Your opinions matter! :)
I believe it is between Florida and UK for Bennett
I wish I could say that information surprised me...
She said Her standard be the money
#cody what do you do to pass time on the road? :D
Maybe the Grinch just had really bad PMS
BETTER!!! WORSE!!! LOUD NOISES!!! “: Things are never as good as you think they are or as bad as you think they are.”
thanks!!!! I think my bro is taking us there tomorrow! I'm excited the food here is so bomb!
Alert readers will note that I've never lost a climatic showdown atop a church roof. Particularly not during a thunderstorm.
sweet dreams!
New database! Papers of Dwight Eisenhower who inspired founding of School of International Service at #AmericanU. 21 searchable volumes.
And it feels like my hearts still sinking...
I hate how my iPhone vibrates for no reason.
and i'm just giving it a trial run, I may not end up keeping it.
I love the visually contrasting colors (hair, clothes, etc) used between Emma and the queen.
How come when your awake all night. You pee 5-6 times. But when you sleep. You don't wake up to pee and sometimes don't pee when you get up
LOL... this is my official page=) I just don't have a sticker yet!
Getting real deep with right now.
to Rudy, Calvin, and the crew for letting us talk UTSA football earlier!
That nigga suge knight busted 2 pac an biggies head
Ugg I slept like crap up every hour think I shall go back to sleep when the kids are off to school
Hope everyone enjoyed their Sat! Happy weekend everyone!
I think my friend Paul is working on that today too.
I believe in The Most High Jesus Christ <U+2764>
And when i give her brain she dont need to study ;)
Hahaha luffs u to:))) I said that first!! Can you hang after u clean tomorrow babygirl?
S/o T000 my big bro & my big bro
what's goin down? What the lick read?
he has a Kansas tattoo on his arm with a jayhawk where OP is, and it has taiwan in it too. so cool! he gave me free soy lol
I grew up in Mercer County. Are you taking your daughters (or have you) to the Broadway Show?
I'm starting to like Stefan
I've been grinding out on Ultimatebet today, a little sad I'm not playing at the WSOP Main Event.
Did brunch with Kim. Fab as usual. The vegan carrot cake was phenom.
Finally, congratulations to the New Old Schoolers for winning the best Start-Up entry at the
This may be the one day out of the year I wish I had a real mother. I wonder what it's like to be honest.
I have your spectacles they were in my car!
Had a fun day. Made some molds. Went to KidRobot LA and the Toy Art Gallery. So fun to be closer to all of this.
awh, well it's better than being in school right? I'm sure ull have more funner field trips. My trip wasn't that fun really<U+2665>
Ditto from DB&L! RT : - round of applause from the DTLT office!
These Direct*TV ads are plain stupid.
where can I find your bones?
Guess Ill Talk To Him Later...
You don't see it comin', you just get to see it go.
You must learn to shift your focus of attention from the object of perception to the Subject perceiving.
awh. I'm blushing. No wait, that's just the opium. Water... need water...
RT : I forgive people, but that doesn't mean I trust them.
Were given 24 hrs a day. What will you do today to make a differnce in someone else life?
"Hey, I had a dream about you last night!" ..."Really?"... "Yeah, you died."
At the Open Door Health Fair in Muncie, come and see us!
Bryce Harper needs to ask Hensley Meulens permission before he dubs himself the new age Bam Bam
People who chew with their mouths open <<<
Miss ya man!! Hope all is well.
lol stiles gonna drag his wereolf a$$ out the car hahah FUNNY
Thanks CB!!! :) RT : &lt;3!!! Happy weekend. Tell Mrs. Coach happy mamma's day!
4 Grammy winner U have to see this show. 2 more shows tomrrw @ 8&1030PM. Call JK, mention & get $5 off.
At least I tried homie
Beautiful day for shooting, iddnt it.
"Did they have an open bar?"
"I think someone took the Complete Scandinavian Cookbook to the beach."--our book repair student worker.
Song of the day: "Little Talks" by Of Monsters and Men. They're great.
You're welcome, and thank you!
Yes, looking forward to it! :-)
Dumb phone delayed
Working on....."Not your Grandmother's String of Pearls" :) Still not painting!
thats what it ihhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! now stop up to the cafe punk!
sunny at my house about 5 miles from Camden Yards.
of course! :) I would love to watch them! All the Mahomies would!<3
excited to be at gig now but opening act is killing it!
": Trust can be earned again after its broken but it will take forever"
Crew Love will be played at my wedding nigga don't ask me why
Loading the van/trailor on this dreary day, heading to play in little ol' Mt.Carmel, IL this weekend.
I want a new belly button ring. Tired of the one I have.
something's gotta change with that! Either Long or Girardi has got to make changes!
Just be thankful you have a day away from the newsroom. If it gets much hotter, we will need oxygen masks to breathe.
do you know a food blogger in Jax you would recommend?
What the fuuuuuuck? are you serious? Thats UNREAL! Her daddy must have wanted a boy :P was she hot?
The way #SDCC has evolved, if you're a regular attendee w/no hookup, you have to be a DIEHARD to make it happen.
Sometimes, I think you like me but sometimes, I think you don't. So confusing.
Cute dog.
that would be awesome!! We need some more depth on our bench. Let's get it done
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.
Sweating out all the alcohol I've consumed the past couple days, yummy.
No alarm needed anymore
i want a pretty girl.
Is there a chance for MLB or a NFL team in Portland? Scott Ford
ya it sucks :(
fooolllllloooowwwww me. ass ass ass ass.
OMG. I'm not sure I understand what half of that is, but WANT! olive oil panna gotta?
True friends are like diamonds: valuable and rare. False friends are like leaves: scattered everywhere.
Milwaukee is to small.
Are the roads there as bad as San Bernardino? Their freeways are like driving in Louisiana (worst roads in the country).
It's FREE Friday! Come get your FREE Original or Spicy chicken sandwich from Just show this message.
ha! Sometimes I forget it's sweeps. When you coming up to Portland?!
We do what we can
RT Trying to get more people to use the word "preposterous" today. Not on Twitter, I mean, in life. < That is just preposterous
Wondering if I should've prepared for #11/11/11 like we all did for Y2K.... I guess we'll find out shortly!
imma play the DTF drinkin game tonite. What are my odds of being sober past 9:25? I got money on this
Last week, #MJF had a meeting 4 #mke agencies/synagogues about security & safety. Fed as convener at its best!
What's the wifi password?
#ALEXANDROBERTHAVETHEBESTSWAG AND MAYBE ZACH
hey cutie pie
Democrats have been creating extreme climate by strategically placing butterfly colonies and forcing them to flap their wings.
I used to think that running an organization was equivalent to conducting a symphony orchestra
Damn straight. And being that it's Rivers, I saw all kinds of crazy shit in just an hour.
i keep my phone on military time, and find myself typically enchanted by both 21:21 and 23:23
Never grew out of the childhood phase of hating haircuts.
Dancing to Florence & the Machine "Shake It Out" at !
what store?
Why start the ? “I feel I have a responsibility as a man, not to stand up for [women] but with them.” -Jimmie Briggs
Study Hall by has been traded for 's - we get first round draft pick ...
Our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch.
Chase your passion, not your pension. -Denis Waitley
go on thursday
Oh man, this Monday is off to a CRAZY start..
woord! Let me know how it is
u sure bout tht
RT and follow us cause we asked nicely lol...
....you should be here with me right now my dogs are playing tug of war its cute Lol imma have to make a video and show u XD
a cute boutique -- #bevello. there's one in Phillips place, blakeney, & Birkdale Village.
But hey if i turn on you its cause you made me do it
waiting for #beyondscaredstraight to come on. love that show!
All packed, ready to go. LA, America Got Talent waiting for me and my grandson Zev.
Proposed #EU data privacy regulations not guidance, will directly effect member states. Promotes cooperation by regulators.
Oh no, my throat is starting to hurt! Did you do do this to me, ?!!
hey, it's not their fault City let QPR score a man down.....
on dvd?
#iloveitwhen he gives me head hate it wen he gives me headache lok
Guys with British accents <U+2665>
MURDER CITY DEVIL'S!!!!! PDX!
I like how it's not a car
it's s frame from a beepod, and I think the good vibes here are keeping them happy.
Happy Easter. my brother actually spoke to me without being asked. Jesus really does exist. Haha.
we're surprised it's not illegal in more states!
i used to want you so bad
This girl is so beautiful & I miss her so much >>
Im ready for thursday :D
Job creation highest in US since July 08 -- and that's w/ govt job cuts.
My mom hates basketball -_-
“: half way there just wish I could snap my fingers and it was all done and in the car!!” wish you were already here!
I'd cry everyday of jealousy stop omg
When it comes to the East, I'm #TeamHeat , and when it comes to the West, I'm
I guess hockey players who get stitches done in minutes don't care about the quality of them or the scars that will be left
that was pretty atrocious
#SeniorElite 's gold party >>> prom
Prom sucked.
w/ and Always good food and fellowships.
Follow me! Please, and tell me how you can obtain this body :)
we ain't scared of em either we playin like we don't care right now.. when we get to the finals... We will!!
I had a great bday! Thank you for the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> girl bye!! You been boo loving all weekend!!
what of it? D:
It's me thank you lol
why hello.... I am ok... Tired from a long day of kicking ass. And you?
I hope today went well! #AimHybrid like always!
u killed it last nite D-Town wasn't ready for u mama, u held it and looked great
what do you have in mind?
Killed and raped I tell you
R u gonna shock someone w/ ur pregnancy/gender announcement? Put ur video/pic on our Facebook for a chance to win a fabulous prize package!
Great opening number, but the band was too loud or Billy's mic needed to come up.
Lmao to late i got 2 apple Pies2double cheese burgers n a large frylol
im confused....jealous of whom?? {im praying its me LMAO}
I have to stop saying ''How stupid can you be?'' I think some people are taking it as a challenge.
After all the hype, "Girls" pilot really disappointing. Don't know who decided that hanging out in bathrooms was a thing.
... It's National Puppy Day ... [ ] ... Two who are doing their part for pet adoption.
"Mommy, can I go out and kill tonight?" After you clean the litter box Glenn.
High roller.
A doc says no, find another way to get his attention. #s4pm - walking away just turns off docs from the next ePatient even more
It seems appropriate that the Jersey Shore cast spends their time promoting white trash energy drinks and weight loss supplements.
omg i cant believe my birthday is next week!!!!! ah im so excited!!!!! people on twitter better be wishin me a happy birthday ON THE 25!!
of too greeccee:D!, be back in 7 daays i love you all my tweetlings, and im going to miss this one certain person!, i love himm<3!!!!!!!!!
I guess Manchester City winning the title is kind of like the Clippers winning except that it happened.
lame ass (:
Liver Detox Tips: avoid stressor foods : sugar, Hydrogenates or esterified fats, MSG, burnt foods
coming over to watch Entourage and say my goodbyes
yup. knuckle up hoeee
you will always be little Romeo to me
It's a beautiful weekend . . . pool is heated, house is clean, ready for a BBQ and swim party tomorrow! #HappyHappy!
-Great!! Thanks so much dolls! If you hear of other great resorts with management positions by you, let me know! xox
Montgomery YaYaNoodles Chinese just served rubbery chicken in blackbean sauce, bland spicy fried rice & unchewable calamari
If the Prozac fits RT : #Vols messages boards not helping fight the notion that this is most bi-polar fan base in the country.
Sorry to hear about that. We're checking it out right now and you'll hear back from us soon!
potato chip bits on top!
Thanks for sharing 's post on our blog Anna!
Anyone have experiences to share? Thinking about subscribing. TIA
sometimes you must turn left to move forward.....
Working on some theatre with the youth of sewickly... Then off to do some final rehearsing of a Taffeta Wedding
Did you ever see a wild animal? Is that scarry?
Bonita aplebum you gotta put me on
i'm exaughsted after this weekend! and yep, i am working tomorrow too. i hope everyone else enjoys their day off!! :)
Make great choices today. Enjoy the weather and on June 5 be in the building, Fire on Water...Welcome to the Lightlife. Smile!
Unbelievable. Chris Davis 0-8 5 k's, 2 innings pitched, no runs, 1 win
demyia say him when she was walkin home from my house and she called me & put him on the phone he told me to come down &
You want beer. You know you do! Stop on by for $8 Schlitz & 1/2 price appetizers STAT, sweet thang!
Why, Hello There Summer(: SCHOOLS OUT FOr ME!
“: I know entire league just tell me who you want. : do u know of any single NFL players” I want in on this 2!!
Catching up on #books I should have already #read..."Silent Spring", "A Sand County Almanac", "The Nature Principle", anything to add?
oh no! Think warm thoughts;-)
DOH! I missed the RT part. LOL! Trying again - Julia, yes, Trish is right - *total* Rockstart!
The dog hates when other dogs are in tv. Or any other animal. Or animation. Or sudden movement of any sort.
Wait wait.... Yea I just saw your asshole!! Thank you, and your welcome
Thanks from a multi-million miler for fighting this dangerous idiocy by keeping anti-vax lies out of AA material
Wow. Jealous much? People mad cuz you mad cute
Little imperfections make you beautiful… but would you pay for crooked teeth? Apparently #Yaeba double tooth is a new popular trend in Japan
We recommend whole pitted fruit+rice+hard boiled egg (for handing out) // fruit slices+rice+fried egg (for eating @ home). Try nectarine!
follow me please?(: noo.. oh okay /: ~ le goes to corner and cry ~
Fans will be treated to live performances from the legendary R&B group, The Whispers and the popular SOUL/R&B trio, Tony! Toni! Toné!.
It must be mandatory for all cover bands play "Brown Eyed Girl" and "Sweet Home Alabama" lol.
76 arrested in Capitol protest over Medicaid cuts
Casting done now onto work!
On the road coming b.ck from southwest stomach onn. Full
Don't hate on the next man. Make yourself better!
There is a look alike here. I almost went up to her to say hi.
“: Thanks 2#CBS radioFam 4helping us spread updates #WSShooter” And thank you!
FRIENDS 7 of 10: You can make more friends in two months by becoming really INNTERESTED in THEM, then being really NICE to THEM...
#TerribleDisneyMovies There is no such thing
My puppy is quite the escape artist... She escapes from her kennel for the second time today.
Lift off
Congratulations! You working (and living) in the Bay Area now?
lol I know that's right. Let me know if you hear where she goes. She will be missed!
You never know who's going to need it. #giveblood sandiegobloodbank.org
RGIII already has his own commercial
I will be watching scandal tomorrow on hulu the Tweets tonight got me super excited.
The whole state of colorado looks like a bass pro shops.
Bout to get dressed and head out
HEY YOU DON"T SAY THAT
I'm a big fan can I get a follow please?
George Karl's 71... <U+E518>
It was 4 against Pau . . . don't feel that fucking proud -__-
It was vile. Purely disgusting. In the middle of the intersection too >_<
I just discovered your tumblr...when can we be real life friends?!
We thrilled to start another week of rehearsals with the awesome cast of Casual Encounters/Missed Connections!
Great to hear about developments at the Library. Best of luck with the ongoing work.
At chruch runnin off two hours of sleep but ill make it.
Have you heard of SOPA/PIPA? These bills are a big thing for Cloud services! More on the NYC protest later this week!
lol... I THINK ITS ANNOYING.
Thanks, Jamie!
Royal, Tahoe, SFV, and Skywalker OG kush's just hit our shelves. Check them out!
"B- B- B MY BFF CUZ IDK WHAT'S COMING NEXT"
I Want Some Chicken Nuggets c Donalds Ugj
thanks darling ;)
The Dream, Kendrick Lamar, and voter registration at UW tonight. Aw yeah.
I've already liked that video. (:
can't wait girl we are goin hard <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
The usual debauchery??
“: I would take a bullet for you... on COD.”
Not sure.. come and find out! :)
Oh my
Yay! I see you in like.... a week. Lol.
We couldn't agree more... 4 days!
i have so much homework & studying to do tonight :'(
I'll just run off to Scandidinavia and be happy.
I heard ya living life how yuh should "said yuh never had it so GooD" ;D
it's
RT : "With a name like Soup Spoon Ovenmitt you've got to go into the culinary arts!"
its up to you brow I got a lil regggg
I'm trying to find my chi after this Lakers loss... but I can't. UGH. Angry as hell.
... hope the film festival is going well! miss and love ya!
RT Give your audience a chance to interact. Don't talk AT them, engage them. Wahi Media #Media2.0 #FPRA: Thx for the tweets!
If anything is worth trying at all, It's worth trying at least 10 times
Going to try to get back into the flow of tweeting.
“: Family dinner. Missing ” wah wish I could be there!
He still is very popular, he tours and has a anti bullying campaign.
I love the person I am today, and without the lessons I learned from my past, my journey, I would not be me. Life is a journey, Live it!
aha hell yea , i use to ALWAYS get in trouble .. those were the days
Power your iPhone by breathing -- seriously the best "fun" from during our staff meeting
Doing a new & interesting junmai daiginjo #Sake tonight with sushi. Notes shortly.
I'm not gonna get any sleep today
ack! Thanks for the heads-up about en-masse unblocking #Drupal users. I had no idea.
When baby
Silly question, but is it possible to search "following" on the mobile Twitter app for Droid??
The king is dead, long live the King. RIP Elvis Presley, greatest dog ever! Thanks but we decided to stay home today...
i just love you! And i miss you. :(
that's some funny sh*t... who passes out with YOU in a hotel room? Lol
and the word very? ;) I haven't watched yet - now I'm not sure I even want to!
. Republicans are counting, literally, on to keep the money flowing to the top.
were u robbed?
Katy Perry goes to phwoar
Just did :)
#20hourworkday coming to a crashing halt, !!!
Gross why do some people have to be so #PsychoWeird ?
Congratulations to all the #Wabash College graduates today
I need earphones.
Lauren crazy
I'm going to start being like that!! Except not irresponsible. :)
Is there still spirits in your house from Mackeys?
:) just what i need to get back to grading!
#DespicableMe is comin out with a second one!! Too much excitement here!! ^_^
who wants to visit Kiki and Joey at the shop today.....YOU! Meow and Woof!
is at the MKE County Zoo!
Punches:U can take em 1 of 2 ways...up the ass or just roll with em. I choose the latter cause Im not much into being fisted up the ass.
Thanks Mary :)
you don't know
It's just a rumor, right?! That's too crazy to be true, right?! RIGHT?!
Ok I will drop one off tommorrow ....thanks for your help!!
yes it is. has been for years.
Starting my mini vacay to SF with a muscle relaxer. Unfortunately I actually need it. Fun at any cost!
what's you question
Love to wake to the sound of Fridah singing as she plays with her dolls. Sweet sound to my ears!!
There's a great show currently at the McGuffey Art Center sponsored by The African American Heritage Center in the upstairs hall gallery.
Not enough characters to explain how amazing this day/night has been. W/
What's up twitter it's almost 2011
That was a bold face lie ! RT Beyonce is the most gorgeous woman in the world
just gotta be proportional and good attitude. Ever need to know what you need to work on or what they look for, Corbins there.
not really. It might even be triple hopped! :)
working on some new sneaky licks so I can turn heads when you least expect it.
8 days until fantasy baseball draft. The week leading up to the draft is always the longest of the year.
that was radio gold at TMS
Come on down and enjoy 2 dollar taps, 3 dollar tall rails, 4 dollar bombs!!
I mis talking to I to its been so long like on hows it going
"Is My Boob Popping Out?" <U+2015> Lady Gaga.
wouldn't that make it better??
oh okay. thanks :)
#ThatOneFriendWho Drag Me To Hell & back is the #onefriend who is the most honest and real in my
thanks for a wonderful meal last night! Love brown butter cake
Couple of inches of snow accumulated on the grass in West Little Rock. says bridges, overpasses are dangerous @
“: I have three... Maybe four. Five? Twelve?” haha love you!!!
pimpin all ova the world
@ jodi, this time he tweeted desultoriness of detail
Updating web pages in between Codecademy lessons. 'Cause I like to mix it up like that.
one more day on info desk and then off for the weekend. checking out painting for my new house!
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created! We help finance co's that are premature for bank lines.
Taking math to the max - Minot Daily News
JAVA JOBS IN INDIA: Technical Lead / Architect - Java /J2ee(Struts ...
Thanks for the information. Have some questions for you, but must be later this week! I will get back to you!
how sad is it a west coast team's writer knew the pick before Carolina beat writer did? Terrible.
steak bro that aint good for the gout lmao
And there's an assist for Kreider too...have to say I'm impressed
Your back yayyy!!!...I think lols. #CONGRATULATIONS to you!! We have some catching up to do. Can't wait to see you:)
Thank god for everything
Mentally thinking what you're gonna wear the next day.(:
lol that's a deal my dude lol
what was that message you sent me about
STOP IT! We're getting a little #hangry here!
will never notice me. :(
find your
Long Beach, baby! Quick, name three songs with "rock" in the title.
Spring Break = system updates throughout the Center in prep for the mass video and web projects during the 2nd half of semester
Moccasins with socks. I AM THE MASTER OF STYLE!
My Day Was Great
I'm always told to change this for tht person but when I ask tht person to change this for me it's a problem
Do every day all that can be done in that day.
hey how you feeling today?
RT : Oh, I love that. They all get to leave with something in their hands. <YES! That's important .
Scandalous :) RT : Flashback to last night: Date went outside to smoke, another guy at bar gave me his phone number. Classic
i like that joint too!
I need to start saving all numbers in my phone . . .
Follow your passion, and success will follow you. ~Terri Guillemets
would like to play with The Authors sometime.
I miss the days when you didn't ignore my dm's..
You better fill that position, and no please dont put Champ their, we need a hitter
Obligatory Friday the 13th tweet. Has anything really terrible happened today? Or rather, what really terrible things have happened today?
's kitty tweets are blowing up my phone. What a prrrrreacious kitty he is. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><U+270C>
Thanks to all who made it out to our Gallery Talk with Nine Degrees artists!
Follow Me Pleasee!!!!!!!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!<3
it must be the time of year, because that's what I'm doing lol
great choices! Could this site BE more awesome?
Sorry doesn't fix everything .
Probably not realistic to think that people will stop caring about American Football now, right?
so how serious were you about letting peeps stay at your place for the superbowl? #reunion?
- excited that you're tweeting, too!
37% of people on the #MMAWeb webinar have only used QR codes to go to a URL. There's so much more QR potential w/ !
Man we putting #Unlevel #TheUsociety on
I'm getting blisters on my feet cause of PE. Yoooo that's not even cool man!
Let your haters be your motivators.
I am thankful that it will all end eventually.
hey, how's everything sorry I missed your birthday! Happy late birthday!
Let's see pterodactyl tues ladies
“The Real World” returns Wednesday on MTV for its 23rd installment. Apparently somebody still watches this show, though who knows why.
FYI the hot waiter at #flosdiner is still hot.
“Unlike some men, I had never drunk for boldness or charm or wit; I had used alcohol for precisely what it was, a depressant to check the...
stop! I didn't D:
As such, tonight the WRP teaser trailer will debut first via torrent.
who's your daddy? #show how come you didn't wanna run it back?
Man life is beautiful! If you ain't enjoying life you ain't livin
Today was a fairly busy day. Wrote a little bit, cleaning the house, washing the dogs, fixing a few pipe leaks... Fun.
I bet they had a had a high Ben and Jerry's bill, too.
ugghh I have met my share of those before
Under no circumstance negotiate your integrity in business. Fear not the wealth will come.
hey Aunt Mary, where can we get tickets for the Vintage NOLA dinner ??
Excellent! Would love to hear about your experience. Who is the point person on that project?
Someone needs to have "the talk" with that person. They clearly don't understand reproduction.
I <3 John Wayne
adding some brain rot to my day, watching South Park with two teenagers -- my kids. Really relaxing, and corrupting, all at once.
speaking of shape, and how to keep it, i missed yoga today, feeling a lil naughty
Thanks so much!
I fuck wit street n#iggas dats what I raised round if I aint never sell dope, or hang round real killers you ll never catch me sayin I did
Going to my babies house.. no work today .. not feeling so great . "/
happy bday one day late! Hope it was fab w your girls!
so cool!!
Ready to put the finishing touches on an outstanding week... a Hoosier win would be the perfect ending!
How long before unlv guards begin to attack the freakin basket, settling for outside and out of control shots
Cookin meatloaf for the first time...pray for me. lol
Bitter sweet and strange, Finding you can change, Learning you were wrong...<3
I didn't read the whole thing yet, but I thought that too.
change you're name so I don't have to ask people. I didn't lie... WEAK SAUCE!!!!!
#Churchill: "I earned my living by dictating articles...." [editor: and his books] "I lived in fact from mouth to hand."
Wall Street, this is your champion. #blocklist RT : ugly smelly jerk
a mutual friend said we should get in touch regarding a project we have coming up. hit me up on DM w/ best way to contact you.
However, Resveratrol helps support increased blood flow.
Austin has the power to make me break down into tears.
Avoiding work today...
Nope! We do media/influencer support for new products/solutions and a ton of tradeshow work.
The Belmont Tavern has been demo'd. Let the building begin!
Finally Netflix decided to do something right!
#LebronHairline left the perk in to long like.denzel and spike lee in Malcolm X
Thanks for the mention, Holly! Susan
SO much to do before
Graduating May 2011? Today is the deadline to be included in the commencement prgm. Use the student ctr to declare your intent to graduate!
It's already started. Smh.
I wish I had the guts to say the things I want you to know... But there is that fear... Fear of rejection...
your welcome haha
ohh okay thank you! :)
it won't tell me what you replied to so i have no idea what you were talking about>.<
#Syria-I kno some of U think ur little #sect #revo is helping U-but its not!Its the STAGE #US govt uses 2 urge 4 #NATO intrvntion. ArguLater
If VY hadn't said "dream team" they would be undefeated
Love it
in the name of God, why would a parent want their child play for UCLA with all the chaos that's been going on under Howland
Trying the new breakfast/brunch menu at Coopers. Bloody is much better than the one I had here a few weeks ago.
Was just pooped on by my 1st Manhattan pigeon. Glad it was on my coat sleeve, not my hair. Still gross.
My throat hurts really bad
*Tip Status*
I thought It was Massie too! Unbelievable, pick wasted on injury prone player.
Just giving everyone a quick reminder that we have events going on Dec. 15-17, so try to keep your calendar free for that weekend!
We should have a new version ready for #reconnect that hopefully knocks your socks off.
You removed me from Facebook?:/
I never thought I'd be standing in frot of a McDonald's waiting to get in at 5:47am. But here I am!
alas no not at dinner. He's asleep by 7:30 when we have our reservations. He'll be around during the day tomorrow though.
You'll never guess what I did today
She said is a "thinker that puts out information".. U mean like a #reporter?! *gasp* yep, she's
Think I'll break into this Storage Wars industry slowly by bidding on this locker of the Taco Bell early morning Shift Leader
oh ok well go Make ur sushi/oodles of noodles
Hard work pays off.
Damn. I'll have to start driving Caprices without bullet holes in em. My other car is the 4 train!
no;) pathetic? xD
you weren't in wa today, were you?? I swear I just saw you! Thankfully the gal smiled back, lol
#rotten Cabin in the Woods. Last 25-30 minutes ruined the entire movie.
*growls at today* Don't wanna go to work. *pouts* But gotta get paid. *gets ready reluctantly*
You are an amazing talent! and I will buy your album so start working on it
Thanks for following! #dogood go #green!
On behalf of the Digital Dugout Dingoes, we challenge the Expos for California softball supremacy. What say you?
that was so would understand
I totally flipped thru channels to see if I could find it.
lmao if you got yourself a pair of 24" heels you'd male a great coach!
thanks for the article! yup!
How dumb do you sound saying a fan doesn't cool you off.
Lookin' like a Kathy, feelin' like a Cathy
smh, u done brought into this foolishness... now im never gon get the draws
#Inthe90s was just playing on his plastic drum kit...now look at him<3
when your just in that feel good mood that absolutly nothing can get you out of!
I agree, but privatization makes schools more efficient not less effective.
1. The Art of Creation. Koestler. Who are some of the most creative thinkers?
thank you kindly, we're pretty stoked about it too!
chirpin already...the only person who could score on me is myself
Cool visuals in the #Prometheus trailer, but it, uh, doesn't really appear to be about anything. Tribal drums and digital afterburners?
On October 7, 1849, Hoosier poet James Whitcomb Riley was born. "When the frost is on the punkin..."
Why the CRIP cross the street? CUZ...
Will Latoya get fired? Or Gary? Can't go wrong either way! We love Celebrity Apprentice!
Plays posted today from 105 cappers and 5 total consensus from their pks with 2 NHL, 2 MNA and the college on Louisville..See ya @ the wind
Totally zooted last night
Thanks for following. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
If we have to have 'em, I'd prefer them that way...
Shame we don't feel safe answern the door, if we are not xpectn company. U just don't know what ppl are planning. could b legit or not <U+E40E>
Odd that of all the men it's him that makes me feel most like a woman and not a little girl playing grown up.
I just came up with the best motto ever my dude. I'm charging you for this one. Lol
In #love, the best offense is NOT the best defense. Drop your guard & let them see your big, beautiful heart!
Yes, but the prize is better.
I have to stop flirting....i'm not about anything right now. true story.
Snow is cold, wet, and overrated :)
Need new cocktail rings.
Oh yeah, "uh oh" is a giant red flag that youre about to walk into a shitstorm.
Re :Lean cuisine container. Great tip! Thanks!!
Currently going ham on 2k with my brotha/cousin
Is that your keys solo at the end of "Never Told" That is one of the deepest ad libs I have heard in a while.
Mine comes tomorrow (I hope) Are you liking it?
cheers on the follow! Looking forward to sharing tweets.
Awesome!!! WISCONSIN WINS!!! Party in MAD TOWN Tonight!
If you are narcoleptic, you probably shouldn't drive.
The shortest scary story ever. <U+2192> The last man on Earth sat in a room. Then there was a knock at the door
I don't care anymore
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
Must learn to not let my true emotions show on my face. The eyes don't lie.
I feel like you're using "taken with camera" to spite me.
Does anyone have a different weather app to recommend?
Q5. I follow Neil DeGrasse Tyson on FB. He's amazing!
Happy #Thursday everyone! The weekend is almost here, what will you be doing? Especially for #Cinco de Mayo!
and hosting Anti-Corruption Roundtable today at #Crrowe Horwath NYC offices. Great program on tap!
Oh do I have something great for ya'll! can't wait to show you....Coming soon
long term, we'd really like to move it around & meet at startup companies that want to host and/or tell their story!
How is everyone's day so far?
I haven't talked to my babes since earlier. Can't wait till 9 so we can fix that.
awesome! And encouraging :-)
yeah done. They hate me.
ohh.. well at least as far as that goes ther are a lot of cheaper cdns out there
Sittin in here high as fuck w/ Brian lol
Pray and act, then God will open the way for you. :))
Have you seen the new OnlineRehabClinic.com yet?
is this your first time in New York City?!
is a man among girls, just like papa Burgundy.
you've got to put up with someone's shit. You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
u r the greatest....
It took us FOREVER to get to a tiny room in the back -.- Really bro, really?
kill ur self u supose to be helpn me
no.. Youtubes not working... I'll watch it later (:
Need a logo? Custom logos include 6-10 concepts, unlimited revisions...only $150. Great for new businesses!!! Have a great weekend :-)
I mean what I say and say what I mean!!
Media for the Republicans!!!! Why?
are you directing tonight? So excited!!
follow me!!!
well said kins.
I need a cheap small car for my daughter if anyone has one available! Dave
there is a tic tac tip..."be fabulous and wear sunglasses all day for no reason" ....so i obviously support being fabulous!
We have to go home so I can get my flip-flops. I always regret wearing normal people shoes.
Ah fail! My bad that would've been the right thing to do. Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
finishing up at Golden Tent! Delicious. Meeting pees at 164th shell 630
I taught some of your work in a seminar last semester, but I haven't had time to read the whole book until now!
Guess some of us would rather have an uncool president that bankrupts the country and makes up reasons to invade countries
I took the kids on it from Cincy to DC, you'll love it! Big seats, you can plug stuff in, and the food is pretty good!
favorite new podcasts for 2012 so far, Hollywood Prospectus from Grantland and Go Fork Yourself from
So, Round one was last night! What was everyone's favorite ride?
as soon as I can!!!
And so the packing begins. I hate moving but pumped to get out of this crib and in the new one.
cant wait!
RT : "For every complex problem, there's a simple solution that's wrong." (guest on )
I can seriously repeat every single word in Resident Evil along with the characters. There's half my childhood for you.
What God have for me is for me He been guiding my footsteps this long no need to go a diff route now Im ready for whatever!
I wouldn't say they copied it exactly. It's similar but there aren't a lot of ways to do notifications on mobile tbh.
That really enjoyable feeling you get when you eat ice cream way too quickly is what I get when I log on to facebook.
Lol Puss In Boots.
lol the freaking spider cat thing & masterbating cat one killed me. Holy hell.
My pleasure :))
trying to find something to do on the computer
Working hard
Wait.. why is there a soulja boy movie ?
Columbia wants to be Portland when it grows up
Bitches are scared to talk to me huh??
wants for president
Enjoy the Sunday with Mimosas, Wine tastings, and Shipyard Applehead beer on special!
Some deals on 9/11 1-Day Sale: BOGO Jones Dog Treat at The Pet Shop. Buy 2 decals, get the 3rd free at The Foam Co.
Every problem in ed has been solved by someone someplace before.
me to girly (:
YESS great call! Keep the tunes coming y'all RT: is an absolute must!
Thanks for the follow. I've taught Geometry and Precalc, also...good stuff.
I'm afraid to love because I don't know how to let go.
It's only work if you're actually walking the course. Carts don't count! ;)
I hate the doctor. They never solve my issues and always tell me to drink lots of water and get some rest...no shit Sherlock :-)
Go Long Island. Like to see more upsets tonight.
*stomach growls* “: and for a chicken 30 Minute Meal try green curry, crispy chicken, kimchee slaw, rice noodles enjoy! Jx #fb”
good luck to you all on Sunday... My favorite race of the year!
Netanyahu's speech....anyone watching?
Watching a recording of the Mexicana (predominantly Chicana) futbol match against New Zealand. Yeah, I know the unfortunate outcome.
What a catch by Manningham!
LSU game this week is huge. Nick Satan coming to town with a NUMBER 1 ranking on his back... This is incredible... ESPN Gameday there too!
I have been searching for a women since August...n a nigga still empty handed with a spacious heart *
Hopefully talks to her manager so I can get a job... I hate feeling poor... First job then car!!!
I heard you can get Havana Honeys. I've fallen in love with the blackberry flavor. How do I go about ordering?
Ya? Lol it's kinda really gross!
Finally fixed my phone! That was hectic
We love this infographic Great point on Multiple Content Delivery. Users are users! Content should always stay consistent!
lol I'm a lot better at keeping up on Facebook Haha!!
Study abroad! RT : It's official: I am staying in Austin for the summer. Unless I go to the UK for a month...
I'd like to learn more about your company. I tried calling, but only got voicemail for RV. Ask for Jake at 888-BRAUSSE. Thx!
OMG THE ENDING OF THOR IS LITERALLY THE BEGINNING OF THE AVENGERS. LIFE IS PERFECT.
Thanks, man.,
Check out that red band trailer for The Watch unless you really hate to laugh out loud.
Awesome!! Thanks John :)
Let me take a hit while u sit n watch ;)
gadget-gift guide from Frog Design Mind
"It takes a strong person to say sorry but even a stronger person to show forgiveness."
City of Dallas proclaimed for a week, that they were $40k short of budget to have the parade and it was gonna have to be canceled..
i love chinese food and their accents! but i wouldnt wanna do a chinese girl :)
Eat to live, don't live to eat.
lol, not as exciting as the ANCHORMAN news, but interesting.
be careful sir and play nice tonight, for it waits for you to mess up, goodnight if you fight right, so just sleep tight! (-_-)
Awesome new. RT Y'know what makes my day? Getting a call from ZYZZVA and being told they're taking my prose poem, "Dolby."
Got folks looking in 3 different directions...Looking silly..lol..
You give me butterflies.
then put your arms down
Ding Bats rely on the Constitution, History & Economy for success. Do they understand they're failing at all 3?
Bandwidth was suffering a bit for those of us on ATT or the free SXSW wifi.
Lick your lips!
tar is an amazing material to make art with. at the same time it is also the worst.
Aaaarrrrrggghh! So. Old. Must. Lie. Down. - May. Not. Recover. Holy cats.
NO WE NOT
Coming out party! RT I'm nearing 100,000 twitter followers. It feels sort of momentous. How should I celebrate?
Courtney lardo thinks she has a moose knuckle
Hey world of Twitter, We're NoMAd and we're here! Swag
we moved so much stuff in .. We're keeping basically all of brandon's stuff bc he didn't wanna take it home
I have some very clean boats after a long day of cleaning!!!
One of the best parts of my job is hearing people's stories...just interviewed someone who has been at for 44 years.
Just enjoyed a hot tub. Sorry ladies who want to get pregnant from me, you'll have to wait 90 days
Good Morning! 2nd #RhodeIsland Day visit! Helping the rents with the new
YO if anyone received a message from me don't click on the link its a virus! Sorry about it peeps! Holla if any other weird messages surface
ok amiga to defendendo o bieber
lol got to be slicker
9 yr old joke: you know I got dropped on my head when I was a baby LOL
Bout to get dressed
lets get some shows poppin
You the Truth Man... I listen to your Music EvErYdAy!!! Much Love...
pretty dope stuff bro.. I'd like to hear a few more for sure..
RT : Best quote of trip: "'Help yourself to the free pickle bar' may be the best thing anybody's ever said to me." - Roger Sagal.
#InSchoolTheresAlways That weird kid that says their a warlock, and believes it. O.o Or is that just my school?
Oh nice! I was thinking of picking that book up. Will do so for sure now.
It would probably be English or Music. What about you? By the way, I tweeted Joel and told him about his nose! :)
The way looks at big booty bitch's ass when he walks by >>>>
#lebron deserved the #mvp award. Forget the finals. If you don't think he's the leagues best player you don't watch enough basketball.
Free Comic Book Day!
me too and ok good its a date :)
the uniforms have no style. Just like the Seahawks on the field when they flop around trying and failing to win a game.
and watching Fez trailers my jaw dropped at the soundtrack. then it turns out IT WAS YOU. god damn. really beautiful tracks
I hate when people jus sit on the phone and don't talk. People jus bore me these days!
I'm wearing a hat because my hair looks so bad right now. haha
If they had twitter accounts, who would have more followers? Jesus or Bob Marley?
Ask yourself "What is the most valuable use of my time right now?"
The Labor Force Growth is Now Projected to Diminish, an Online ...
Own the day!
Start the Holiday Week Off Right With Some Blossoming Lotus Cocktails, Live Food, Chef Specials, Bowls, Wraps & more tonight @ www.blpdx.com
Guys can get away with fucking around, but girls can't. Ridiculous.
I really need to stop posting nudes on twitter. Lol
HAHAHA. and I STILL dont like you.
LOL Mike Brown is AWESOME!!!!
you know its true!
Tell your friends to join us on twitter for special "members only" deals.
<U+FFFD> Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand. <U+FFFD> Emily Kimbrough
SugarScape: "All Louis Does is thrust!" "Me: i fail to see the problem."
don't know you, but that's awesome!!! :P
RT : Briggs is missing..a Boston Terrier last seen near Park & Stowell in #MKE! If you find him contact Tricia O'malley on FB
can he scrap?? Lol
*brother walks in with Zayn Malik hair* me: OMG YES I LIKE YOUR HAIR BETTER THAT WAY!! Mom: no tell Kyle to trim it more me: NO MOM NO!!
91 more followers til 1000 help me beat she's still ahead but not by much! I need to win HELP ME PLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
packers and finley agree to a two year deal worth 15 million. Thats too much for a guy that cant catch a ball.
We're going to Candyland!
how about paying in order to be a promoted account? How much feria do you think he spent?
Itll be awesome! no worries!!
My silence in recent weeks = a lot of exciting stuff happening behind the scenes.
peace bro I really appreciate ur work, thoughts, ideas I heard on the NAC show. Will be looking for the book!
Do you know someone who would make a great volunteer tutor? Send them our way! We are always looking for more help for our adult learners!
yes. “: Josh Hutcherson portrayed Peeta so well and he personalized him brilliantly by flashing his heart-melt-worthy grin.”
#HappybirthdayPaul! We love you!
I love how my best friend is in love (:
oh ha! i guess we haven't talked much.
I could eat crescent rolls every day.
#RobinGibb Pneumonia has been Downgraded to just a Saturday Night Fever
im sorry lol
Fantastic tasting at #Lamarche this morning. 2010's are amazing across the range and 2011's are looking good too!
Perception is NOT reality but then again sometimes it is.
Happy Admin Professionals Day! The world would not go around without admin pros!
The Knicks are back!
Outta work early!
Salty and sweet, Salted Caramel drops in @ Berryline Fenway!
Thx! We look fwd to mtg you! RT : We look forward to attending the AEF. Great job on the good work.
great work out!
High fives for the follows and - Fraley, I have vintage office stuff for yinz. Get at me.
It's okay! I figured you would be somewhat tired after a long day and all. :) No need to apologize
Caught the production of Paula Vogel's "The Long Christmas Ride Home" last night and it was OUTSTANDING! Runs 'til 4/17.
That's where Oduro needs to be working from: wide areas. He's not a center forward.Good move by Klopas. Oduro should be on ball more.
Work with someone that is already getting the results you want to see, experience.
thanks for the inspiration on humpday! (yesterday)
SeaTac. Free wifi, no outlets. SAN still wins.
Rod McKuen. I'm apparently lost in the 60's.
CPWG fist meeting completed. Come to NAAR for a detailed overview.
Turnovers turnovers turnovers will not win you the game.
I'll take your word.
Who said, “I have Uptown problems, which aren't really problems at all" ?
chanel leather tote cream clutch handbags gucci bag for sale - Portada Magazine
very nice
i'm in love<3 #AustinMahone ;)
A woman without curves is like a pair of jeans without pockets...you don't know where to put your hands ;)
Actually caught a few mins of 2nd half. ManU = garbage RT Tell me you watched the big derby match today! moved into first!
I want to go to marching band practice
dancing to selena, cuz thats how i get down (((:
that lupe jam
as ready as you are:) -- even if Congress/state leg is in single digits....people like their own congressmen/legislator
Last look at book of dog breeds: American Hairless Terrier. "Perfectly acclimated to Caribbean climate." Sleepy. No one coming to mind.
Composing some new packaging
So did you ever get over to the Bakehouse?
Are we looking at a good bye to you tonight?? *crosses fingers hoping not*
I honestly can't wait until I move out.
Thank you boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>RT : happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I really should switch my audio podcast subscription to their video subscription, it's so much more fun watching the show!
"Leave it, leave it! I like italian." Daniel, this is jazz... "yeah... I like italian."
oh I texted and called about the corn maze, but no response.. PS....It was a blast. Just Sayin
Feb 23 is Chris Vrenna's () birthday! Please wish our friend a Happy Birthday!
If it hadn't been for love - Adele
agreed. KU helped by passing the ball like a bad high school team
you my dear are fabulous... And very kind!
working on a couple big architecture-centric projects plus there will be an exciting announcement next month!
haha i love harry potter
smile back
Very good. Looking forward to reading!
Damn i swear I gotta be the best at this...
#Madison, we'd love to hear some of your favorite post workout snacks! How do you refuel after a tough workout?
Ya, my expectation is SA follows only versions of the original work.
Mabe quoting bloggers in his opening :)
hate the world
FOLLOW ME YOU PERFECT HUMAN. please.
Classic RT : Elway: "Plan B...we don't have Plan B....we're going Plan A"
Following will make you SMILE BIG!
THANK YOU For the mention - YOU ROCK! XO J
Always keep it classy just a little bit nasty.
I need a good laugh right now , someone text me . Lol
Happy happy day :)
those muthafuckers! nah too far. this time it was easier cuz i knew the lady and my mom asked and she said yes
Good morning wok-lovers!!!! have a great day!!!!
#ThatAwquardMoment when ur in starbucks and ur the only middle schooler there o.O
We have more & more Americans w pers. connections around the world & yet in Congress there is less & less support 4 global progs.
I'm listening to Medicine for the first time after all these years, and I confess myself disappointed.
we got you covered! Kora has outdoor seating and is pet friendly. Right near Crystal City Metro
The cheap way.
You doing ? has a group we're putting together. Epic. Electrifying. Hardcore. All appropriate descriptors!
Last Thursday Sidewalk Sale on 2nd St. Sales, trick or treats & more! Open till 8!Drop by for candy & Natura samples.www.austinloftydog.com
This year for lent, I'm gonna give up religion.
Maybe the real question is why are you such a jerk in public spaces when people are trying to be nice, ?
Every year its the same thing "Damn I thought u were like 25" Smh
Quick is to quick
it's so hard to find stuff...
what system??
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved..
And get the hell away from my woman . You Taylor Gang niggas think you can do whatever you want .
#TameThoseTigers #HatsForBats Let's go Yankees
its lookin good. We got this!!! :) dont you think so?
glad that your fam is ok. are you heading to tonight?
Will do, thanks.
thats called heliocentricism. East coasters are bloated with it.
Liked the bags you saw in my last blog post? RunRunRun is now offering a 20% off coupon code to use - just type AUDREY at checkout! :)
THANKUUU! “: Well thank YOU Josh! Glad to be here for ya! Enjoy some fun in the sun this weekend.”
i love t-mobile only because the my touch
its better than nothing. would rather have franklin.
What's for breakfast?
Love 30 for 30... Magic Johnson one on now on ESPN been really good so far
I'm so excited for #touch I can't wait to see what's gonna happen to Jake!!!
hey! Long time, what you been up to sweetie?
Do not demand someone's soul if you already have their heart...
Congrats on #DellWorld. Great turn out and content.
Going home. Opening a bottle of cheap red wine and finishing up this massive tradeshow booth design. Maybe while sitting at the picnic table
Thank you for the re-tweet
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
you comin today or jus gonna wait til next June
I'm sorry my dude, I forgot to wish my favorite WWE superstar a happy birthday so, Happy Freaking Birthday!!
listening to So Addicted. hot stuff! you should listen to a couple tracks by my boy Mig
If you don't like me, someone else will. If you don't miss me, someone else is. If you don't love me, someone else does!
I love arabic food
Battier and Chalmers have huge fouling problems.
Met 3 new home-based business owners today! Each one has their own story about how they got there..I will blog next week about it...Helene
Harvard Institute for academic librarians is great! Long, rigorous week and totally worth it!
I was not referring to you! :-)
I love . No wait, not like that. I mean I... never mind. Just look at the twitter account in question and you'll see.
this week's #DC fun fact: #PresidentBillClinton is speaking at tonight!! probably as i write this! :D
Just launched everything for - check out his new facebook / youtube / twitter - download his sick tracks if you like EDM.
we're here in Bristol UK audience is very receptive Niki Wade TN'T LaSonya Misty Catt Rose Mike Ashley Khiry
I feel like it is truly impossible to think about US-USSR relations during the Cold War without thinking of ROCKY BALBOA VS IVAN DRAGO!
Happy New Year!
Now let's just hope they LOSE the game in addition to everything else!
Ballerrr - gonna miss you at lunch! Don't get too aggressive with those Jonas Bros Rocking out w/ amazing talent
sure. Mp3?
Colin Tait (): untangle authorship from film analysis
I don't think I'll ever be disappointed by a sunset. Or the Beatles.
Watching on ustream, he is hilarious!!<3
Jerome Simpson.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily
Perfect day to kick off #brewers season! Yeah Yeah #millerparkopener Go #brewers!!
Thats not even his twitter name. Haha
Don't forget the Free Mad. Co. Wide Gospel Concert for Fire Rescue House Sat. Nov. 13 6pm at The Paramount. Bring non-perishable food item
nasty nipped Nate PLEASE CHELSEA well listen of he made it through anyone can make it..
Go lefty!!!
Come to our first Gallery Night event on April 20th for your chance to win 2 tickets to the Harley-Davidson Museum courtesy of
RT : wht does tattoo really mean?
ON AIR NOW<< Jackpot with Bill Previtti
miss ya too...things r good ... totally relaxed....gonna do sports talk on the Fan .. start Sun
I'm getting a gag reflex thinking about eating lunch with you. Maybe that was the problem? ;-)
Hell yes. RT : wednesday for Hell's Bottom release and Thursday Get your local support on!
TIMEOUT!! Mike Brown better call that timeout!! Get Gasol some water!!!!
thought that was re buying an organized religion without looking deeper. Seem to remember Campbell saying to moyers.
That one gurl that really took your breath away. :O <3
the storm is almost over
If your anger comes from lack of understanding, then shouldn't you have asked questions before you let your emotions control you?
Set A goal Map Your plan and Believe in you! No other way to get it done! It's All Up To You!
Greg take that off and ManUp!!
Thanks! I plan on doing something each week! Didn't see a link on your profile, where can I view your work?
Lost my faith in boxing. Pac lost dat fight straight up. Fuck boxing! !!!!!!
Was told that pedicure salons don't like my Ped. pals I was told after using my Ped pals it stoped the buildup of callouses maybe thats why
In my small little dutch town of Lynden, Washington I just saw a truck from Pakistan!
Bitch looks like skeeter from Doug.
Is there ANOTHER WORLD out there?
Martin Gomez - leaves us with question: what's in best interest of the public?
true story: bankrupted by antiques at
If you guys could give me a shoutout it would be greatly appreciated!!
Headed to knoxville!!
Looking to add another language for subject specialization- the "people as resources" really interest me.
haha he IS! i didn't mean to say it THAT loud! Lolol i love ya'll!:)
Did Tiger borrow Ernie Els' pants??
That one song -___-
Its hard to say I do, When I dont
Sunday. I miss football.
I hope I catch this fish <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>
I know it's "just school," but clean yourself up a little bit. Damn.
text me! :D
Bell's HopSlam...freshly tapped and going fast.
F*** who you want F*** who you like....# LPA APPROVED
No problem.
Hospital tea=syrup Hospital coffee=strong
The heart has become hardened & insensitive. The law is made by the heart but the insensitive heart is a dangerous heart. It is solipsistic
is it out i the us yet?
thanks for the rt lisa!
Attended a great educational dinner hosted by Madison last night. Thank you!
"God isn't interested in your comfort zone" -Mark Lancaster
#Beginners Movies w/ moving subplots of damaged father-son relations get me every time. Why'd you have to fuck things up so bad, dad?
Just landed at MIA and already missing my Dominican coffee in tiny cups.
oh right, I do have a blog, don't I...
I swear ppl who work in fast food restaurants out here move with pep in their step like a scooby snack is awaiting them after placement
Can some people meet me at the Epicenter?!!
great! 2 free kids per paid adult, FYI :)
better not be the selfish one.
Major delay on red line. Holding over @ every stop. Single tracking due to a cracked rail. I not recieve an announcement from
it was really good!!!
agreed his length and athleticism are sick...needs work at offensive end but I'd take him
Sexy! Topless.
If they are precious in His sight, they should be precious in all of ours as well.
THANK YOU! :)
Doesn't creep me out- I would just rather enjoy the place I'm at than take time to tell everyone I'm there.
seriously tho let me come c;
Did U Get Yo Tat Hit A Nigga Up Major Like U Didn't Know.Problems
Had a fantastic burger courtesy of the first home #BBQ weekend and a great vanilla shake courtesy of
Sitting in the balcony w | my twin & keyante (:
I suck at painting my nails... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>I think I need those chinos to do them ASAP!
now i have motioncity soundtrack stuck in my head cuz it sounded similar. haha
Needed shared experiences of family & friends to prepare for the talk. Prep started when our kids were toddlers. Really.
only real faggots walk the track with their eyes closed. #whoevendoesthat ;)
Might stop by #Graveyard Tavern in a few im so bored
Hey New York: Tell me where all your readings are at. Especially the secret ones.
Holy moley, those MVP chants for Kemp are some of the loudest I have ever heard.
OMG I bought so many wonderful moments at Costco today...the big surprise was fresh figs...I know right Fresh Figs! Happiness is Fresh Figs
almost done...almost done!
I didn't know what to say
I adore twitter, must start tweeting more!!
Great game for -- congrats on heading to the next round of the NBA postseason!
Yeah. That's where I'm watching. First season's so good. Ted turned into an annoying douche after a few years, but he's OK here.
Come on Buckeyes. Step it up.
same here friend!
under-statement RT : i get the same size but im skinny so
that's so cool! when?(:
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
thanks for tweeting!
i like tweeting you because you prefer texting
we're tryna get him to! Even though I already met him other ppl need a chance!
If I Can't Make It Dawg!, Then Ima Take It Dawg!
TYGA BEEN SNAPPIN!!! DRAMA I NEED TO DO A TAPE WITH YOU!! -LIL META- JUST MADE A HALLOWEEN CLASSIC!! META MYERS ITS ON WORLDSTAR
's biggest contribution to his team this year came off the field in the form of beats pro headphones
I'm eating grilled cheese to! Just not with ranch... hahaa
I have said this before and will say it again. Do Not post pictures i.e. your weed and bong online that an employer could find offensive
It says "I love cowBOYS
"All I Need to Know I Learned Being a Caregiver" - include your lesson at: www.Facebook.com/HomeInsteadInc
It pays the bills boo
Witt my love(:
Dont jump cuz! We got a game on monday!!! RT On my balcony thinking about life.
Post crab boil bliss. Thx Sweet strawberry rhubarb cobbler dreams
West test is pointless.
Shouts out 2 & 4 your excellence this week in DC!
yes. I suspect that you and would look *wonderful* in kilts.
Happy Halloween, everyone!
i cant smoke right now lol But i know the process
Who got their #FleuryFlakes!?! I did, I did!
Getting ready to do our first ever podcast! Let's complete this test run first, then blogtalkradio here we come!
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why...Henry Van Dyke
I'm ok, Joe, just going through a rough spot. Hope you're living the VC dream still! ;)
Very strange but fun to ice skate in Santa Monica sun. Thanks for invitimg me
so I discovered an issue w/Wholefoods AmEx discount. I can't buy $75 worth of organic food w/o wasting some of it. :(
haha I clucked it and it said that so I clicked it again and it said that again!! Hahah I'm about to check if it let's me c Austins
Correction call on Jesus for your prayer needs, let pray with you! Let's go!!!
aw. That's so sweet of you.
Big Shout out to the homie! She's some1 u need to know Artist! Good people!
Lots of update coming up right now. :D Then I'll be hitting Time and The-!, too.
There are no good options today.
yall play every week? I'll be down to play, perhaps take your spot lol
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
thank you...doing what I can to keep higher taxes and tolls at bay!
Did you guys miss me? <U+E418>
are you not just using the twitter app? Because I can't imagine doing this via txt!
My very first celebrity crush has just died. Goodbye, Davy Jones.
so u almost got in trouble cause I saw in the truck and "you" didn't get out when I got there lol dam doppelgängers
I am totally thankful that God gave me somebody like you <U+2665>
idk, rainbow tights sounds kinda awesome
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back? k, cool I'll take 30. (;
thanks im sure I will!
Come find us at the Williams Sonoma Farmers' Market tomorrow, Sansome/Union, 11:30-2pm
that random text that makes ur day ;)
I'd give it a mild-to-medium cheddar in terms of cheese-factor.
Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ @ Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque, Friday, April 13th
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 14
umm..your photography is incredible!!!!!!!
A wondrous thing to behold, in the curvature of its expression, sweeping lines that draw the eye to the doors of a silent haven.
Thanks for 4 great years Darius! Its not over yet, but you're going down as one of the most loved Cats in history.
which one haha
Dear Girl who fainted, You should have fainted in his arms..(;
But, #Andruw Jones was the one newcomer I had faith in. Lost a lot of weight and still has 35+ HR power in that park if he gets the ABs.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "the power groups also control the Media and administer mediocrity, they transmit what they to when they want...
I know. I was like "lalalalala." My writer ears do not want to hear that!
can only hope that people understand this law is for the protection of the country .
Hey Shockey if you didn't snitch quit talking about how you didn't.
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle: theres no drama and your not comitted to anyone
Forever and Always <3
We have lots of resolutions and goals for next year and years to come. It's exciting!! Anyone thinking about resolutions yet?
great! Let us know how it goes.
I want to make moves, but I guess you need patience.
imagine getting a lap dance from Louis...
5 bet shoved T8o. got the fold ;-)
Timelapse of a timelapse video presentation may lose some content. We shall see.
oh u did those straight days at work again.No wonder u're up at this time.What you got planned tomorrow besides sleeping<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Flying to NYC tomorrow to be at the Showcase. I'm the booking agent for this tour!
Thanks for partnering & hope you and your staff love the coupons we sent! Come on in and give us a whirl!
“: Sophie is beautiful!” thx Shelley. Hope all is well with u :)
Happy Chinese New Year & Year of the Dragon everyone
U must B smoking!!!! Y'all jinks the bulls from rose being injured 2 now. I hope the bulls wnt evr do y'all show again.
I h8 u
Insufferable rantings of a vapid narcissist next table over. Someone has been watching to much Sex and the City.
Thank you to for being right with us from the start of this Kickstarter drive. We're excited to be doing it with your support.
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now?
Be not dismayed whatever betide, God will take care of you... Just abide beneath His wings of Love.
UW seriously considered canceling UpToDate last year. I think the current contract was a 1yr emergency band-aid.
You say you don't care when really deep down I know you do
is placing herself in "time-out" until she is able to play nice with others ~ This may take a few hours..
This is absolutely wonderful. The joy on that little face!
Q5 being served ...
Some devil wit' a pitchfork keeps talkin' like he knows me.
-- Noo Now you Dumb , Over Rose Lmao You Stupid
OK! Have a wonderful night!
DAS IT!!! I just want someone to pay for my TITS!!!!
You interested in collaborating with Jay?
Good luck with the launch of PINK! Wondering if it helps strengthen shoulders? I've popped mine out more than once. Ouch.
On one hand, I think the iTV is stupid, since I have an AppleTV. On the other, not going to buy a new TV until they are released.
thanks! Don't break them this time though. Hahah.
Nice got my iPod back !! It only took a $2 sim card but I'm back in business !!
thank you :-)
Get Pizza in a Kone today 11:30-2:30 Hwy 40 east 75 next to Atsides Rest. Supply ingredients local teachers get free beverage w/order
Bathrooms so high class it has window in the stall
But I need that spark to get psyched back up.
It's so stupid. No one has ever died or been hurt doing the crawl but how about Bricktown or Western? It's like they made it up.
Really can't wait for this day to be over so I can have 2.5 days of lifting in PEACE
Deborah Ball-UofM dean. "how do high leverage teaching practices for math relate to high leverage teaching practices in general?"
Retired ATF says, "Hell's Lovers are not in the business of contributing to society, they are in the business of taking away from society."
exactly. He's a 1st round talent. If you only get 3 years out of him at that level it be sweet. Plus the comedy!
Happy Fathers Day! I AM my baby's daddy!
Phillip Phillips fans, are you voting? Gotta get our boy in the finals! Call 866-436-5703, 06 or 09 (change last 2 digits) Call till 12!
wow...n sync...so may hits. we should go out and sing some boy band karaoke together.
Thursday, October 8, 2009 4:30 pm Asian and Asian American Studies Fall Receptions McMullen Museum
Sheesh. Don't egg him on or anything!
Every 50 followers will win a pair of hot new shades so keep follwoing & RT for your chance 2 win
So basically told Lamar...."Big bank take little bank"!!!
You are my connection to the Davis world! Great work and wonderful to see you here in twitter land.
Well tried to run for the first time in a week and a half. Wasn't happening. im gonna be out the rest of spring ball. Going back to the doc
Did you know if you Google "pepper mustard" that Uncle Jim's is 5th on the Google page??? Shoot, people pay to have that kind of stuff!!!!
hey twitters please follow
Hate waking up alone and scared. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hoping to meet some cool folks and get some inspiration at #DUXcamp this Saturday in DC... anyone else?
we will be soon! Spread the word and tell your promoters to book us!
What are your thoughts on what happened with Coach Alford and the BYU player?
U r a star Hilary! Thank you!
They must know you are a TV star ;)
Girls who think their hotter than they actually are <<<<<
registrations went pretty quickly indeed. Interesting topic, I guess.
Thanks for the shout out hope we can get the change to chat a bit someday, it is my pleasure to follow you.
LOL! A cactus! We should write a pros and cons beard list someday together.
Wow I just clicked on the "people you may know" tab and like 135695643 people popped up
It's FRENZYFRIDAY! Name your price, today only! Contact me and mention FRENZYFRIDAY13! This Friday the 13th brings good luck and savings!
congrats, game and stakes u were playing?
i hope one of you guys saw my tweet on the show! Love you guys!
#TMDNASCAR tomorrow will be interesting to say the least...
I can't do it later
OMG!! St. Berry are amazingly flawless!!!
are names are a lot alike my first name is Julia and my last name starts with a B(:
April Linder novel Catherine is a retelling of Wuthering Heights set in NYC #lbyrpreview The #flatiron building is on the cover
Can anyone recommend a podcast hosting service? Tried today but it blew up in my face (technically speaking).
that's on par with tweeting while driving!
I wish, i want to go skiing/snowboarding/sledding
I don't want to go another day, that's exactly why I'm tellin you what's on my mind.
hi Anthony! (:
Maybe the #Brewers stole the #Cardinals rally squirrel from last season. They did hit the ball well last night.
absolutely! Do you need any quotes for future posts?
I'm sexy and I know it.
I wouldn't be so proud of that w, #aztec fans. That was almost a 2nd half meltdown.
Anyone going to OVW tonight?
$45 for 3 Hours of Home or Office Cleaning Services ($90 value)
horay horay its such a sunny day! Get away to the USA! Come
lol I'm tryna help u out
Just followed him. Enjoying the news before early workday.
we would def be interested in having sax or flute on something. Let me bring it up with the guys.
when's ur next game? I'm in town for a little bit..
do you want chocolate chip, blue berry, or triple berry? (:
Still a half hour left for pint night at Triskele's! Get here quick!
Most people may look back over the years and identify a time and place at which their lives altered noticeably.
That's so divisive.
now he is really laughing.If he would give you the time of day i'm sure he would tell you.
really your dying your hair
They got this surprise party setup for my brothers birthday. Its about to be hella wild
Thank you to all our followers! RT if you are a FloCo Fusion resident or plan to be one soon!
WKU and Miss Valley St should both get permanent bans from the NCAA tourney after watching that game
Woo-Who Friends it's Friday! Who's in the mood for some tailgating tonight? We're getting the grill ready!
Far away from New York and hitting the craps table in Vegas. Will be with the boys next week... Mo.
WHO TRYING TO SKYPE
I love my boyfriend :) he's amazing!!!
Waiting for my steak to arrive :D I'm ready to be fully satisfied!!!!
Let's keep it going new goal 10k. #YesArmy time to recruit.
amen go harder tho!
#cookingtip Add finely ground instant potatoes to purees as a thickener. You can also pulse regular potato flakes in your food processor
If i could i would tell the whole world how he makes me feel :D
Growing up in Kansas made me neurotic about storms. Having kids made me more neurotic. Now I'm crazy worried about my kids during storms.
#WhyDoPeople say one thing and then not follow through?
That really look like me?
The best thing in life is the memories you have been given because no one can take them from you.
you're welcome!
yeah gotta say tech toys :)
Winner Winner! Read aaalllll about it...! today's exclusive offer.. 2 WINNERS for $free.99
I like post-workout soreness. Means I've done something right. Today I'm rethinking that. Everything's sore: legs, back, eyelashes
How dare you speak ill of Sarah Shahi!? I will cut you.
Celebration of the buffalo's role in their culture.
You were in my 'Who To Follow'...says your in Liverpool. My only connection to UK is Ipswich in the 80s. Just saying HI!!! :)
Yes sir saw you make that point. What puzzled me re: Arianna was that the racist images were all over the huffington post!
On WED., APRIL 25 at 10pm, we're raffling away TICKETS TO SEE THE MELVINS, who are playing on May 1st at Turner Hall!
Disregard the previous stupidity leak. Kids eat free & 2for1 drafts tonight. And a nap for a certain manager :)
why not?
Look out for Amit Doshi, Executive Director, on page 61 of the April issue of
Greetings from the Baltimore Media Orchestra!
RT Rest in Prayer: I lay the cares of this day at your feet, my God. Hear my prayer.
ima try to get out there this summer, and thanks bruh holdin it down fa ya girl!
Get ready for Des Moines - tonight!
He is here ; see he got his pizza (: LETS DO THIS.
Oh, where are you headed now?
Saw #RedTails Friday and #Underworld Saturday. Both 1&2 on box office.
Did anyone see the new show #Scandal last night, I think I have a new Thursday night favorite!
love this night
..Axtell I'm gonna get my Steely Dan ghost notes going...I've been practicing just for you my little prince.
I'm surrounded by idiots. >:O.
my dad has an iPad , what has the world come to ?
Welcome back Morris! Rushing TD. Power up 7-6
Happy French election day. Anybody know what time the polls close in France on today ?
Thanks so much Pat! We are so glad that you came to the show!
awwwe so you're retiring your Twitter or Facebook??
That would do it.
lol silly girl.
Name Bubbles Launches Write On! Labels
I thought you knew me better than that...
"it's not that I am against winter, I just don't like compromisng my footwear for whatever is falling from the sky"
Madonna wrote and has talked about the social psychologists agree:one of the largest sources of stress in peoples live are too many friends
Hope everyone had a nice weekend... refreshed (somewhat) and ready for a new week of hard work - practice, write, administrate, practice...
totally understand. My cousin's cat was put down this week. Girl, you just don't know.
They can because they think they can. Virgil
Perfect use for a mouth..... Lmao!
#sacscoc 51% of institutions require training for online faculty.
In The Car Bumping Kirko Bangz ; Drank In My Cup ;))
If you really want to get good at selling beats, pick up all the marketing eBooks. ONLY buy eBooks written by internet millionaires.
ha. publicist.
we have zip drives if you really need. In various closets
Weaver just told MLB Network he left dugout in 8th despite superstiton b/c "I had to pee so bad!" That's awesome!
Who's online
Thanks! Have a great weekend RT: ": Thanks for the follow, Happy #FF!"
alright! We will
Our kitchen is closed today to celebrate the Easter Holiday & will be cooking EL tomorrow for pick-up or delivery on Tuesday, April 6th!
Just sent a request to #SHRM in an effort to bring my blog readers expert information on job hunting and recruiting practices.
me & my bitches KILLING this shit :)
he never met with Bo. That was the issue. He called him when he was on vacay and told him he wants to transfer.
RT : "Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam
42nd St & Chandler opening soon but make sure u come thru to KEO @ 15th Ave & Thomas for dat fresh cut.
I'm not a "mommy" blogger nor do I review producs so I guess I can wave goodbye to a #BlogHer12 sponsorship!
Boringest day ever. Ugh
Just finished the Run:4Justice poster I've been working on... I'll have it up on facebook tomorrow!
The B97 Birthday Blowout starts Thursday!! Check it below!
Not at all. I believe MS are in breach of a court judgment. Apple are just closed by design and practice.
- Jonathan Carpenter. #huh?
Bro all I got to say is ghetto gold
I really wish the picture on your article would have contained more back sweat
hey how have ya been?
RT : DSLR shooters: if you shoot too flat/too high ISO, you'll end up with images that I like to call "noisy as fuck".
lol I bet you could(;
thanks! It's Sunday, but he festivities began last night
"Incense is Incense. I buy mine from Asians and you buy yours from witches." - LaxBro's starting to make sense. I must have a contact high.
Happy May Day, friends! #treats #andsnoozin (p.s. Taj Gibson = May cover boy on Bulls calendar ... wonderful :)
“There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.”
Today ten young starlings splashing in a small birdbath gave me flashbacks of being a kid.
U gone see y they call me the golden child nigga!!!
Here's to for being named director of the new Center for Collaborative Journalism between my former newsroom and alma mater!
Look at that stage from Bruce to Paul. Rock it boys.
GAME DAY. BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN. LETS GO TIMBERS!
I'm the only one awake and it sux cause I can't sleep and nothing on TV
this may not mean much since its comin from me but Happy Mother's Day lil sister :)
im going with junior or senior.
will do
Me: "do you think homeless guys hook up w/ homeless girls?" : "probably under the bridge?"
don't care about what you say, I love that movie! Lol
Getting crazy over here RT whoa, whoa. Slow down there.
Let's do it. We'll need to get to Skype in or something.
Check out Ben's latest Huffington Post!
Hey AvrilLavigne how are u ?
Angry Authors app to be launched. Throwing hardbacks at publishers until they agree to publish. #lbf Funny how to throw ebooks?
Lmao yes you can!
or if you're on the phone fighting over who has to hang up first :)
Finally have California license plates....feeling like an official resident now
i think its so cute when a guy just holds your butt perfectly when he's sleeping.
": I miss everyone in 's avi. Thats really sad actually.." we needs to get together!
rates?! O.o
it's a National Day Of Prayer today... "We should stay on our knees to walk right".
Holy heck, that was a show last night. Dayton OH, Trolley Stop tonight. There will be no fun at this show.
Wow Lucia! Congratulations!!
Would spend all my time in Zanzibar, but I really want to see Kampala again—it's been almost four years!
can I just take baby lux. seriously, she's the cutest thing in the world.
I need a sunrise, I'm tired of sunsets
November has arrived & Thanksgiving is right around the corner! What is your favorite Thanksgiving dish?
I mean, how long is that thing going to last.
so nice out
Jose James kicking off my weekend. Sweet!
yaah I did. This morning and last night.
You're very welcome. Really enjoyed it and could identify. Nice work!
That's good, create outlets are great! Do you ever go to #thinkndrink? I haven't been but they seem like great people.
I chose death before dishonor
Breakfast Special- Sausage Egg & Cheese on Biscuit $1.95 Come one come all. Eat in or take out- The Breakfast of Champions at the...
I remember the first time i went to the movie theater. It was when i went to go see shark boy and lava girl in 3D those were the good days
You guys can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space.
Watching Carl Natale's talk on SoMe in training. How to bring the tools to the classroom.
Theres definitely a major phishing/worm whatever it is out there on Twitter. Plz be careful and don't open any links unless they're verified
I just tweeted the final. I kind of had to drive to work in the middle of it.
Very Steven Wright
Dreaming but dreams come true too... Jammin out at fire pit, that would be bad ass!
kets collab tiff on a film project:)
Um... You're name is on it, so it's not that much of a secret… LLN
Bored. Hates the hashtag "#OkayWithThatRightNow". Will never use it again.
Things that appeal to me at the mall: the smell of Auntie Anne's pretzels, cheap accessories stores.
Economic progress clashes with environmental concerns
To make the move or not to? So far in favor of the move
Hanging from a book shelf in the library
My life is the weirdest, smallest world. I think I might have abnormally long social tentacles. Bizarre life is whacky.
#follow me I
The fact that games are voluntary is a crucial element of games. Is this a insurmountable challenge to gaming in education?
Sucks to be single for eight months. Soon I will find the one ^_^
only like 2 miles of walking down that road hahah.
It was tense, not scary. Whimsy kept it from being scary, e.g. naked brother, msg. under wallpaper, a bow and arrow??
Q. Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy? A. He did okay until his business fell off.
Creating something new... a cute little iPad game with my daughter's help.
I dont care about my stupid credit cards my SSN is in there and so is my id for me to get on a dumb plane nd I have no cash
Hecks yea! Two hours! Sweet jesus! Lol
Thank you for the follow!
Just chatted with a mother and her son in N Seattle, they just got into transitional housing!
getting ready to hear betsy bird speak here in chicago!
See what happens when you fuck around.
Florence & The Machine #HeavyInYourArms<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Public forum is now closed.
finally, someone who agrees with me!! :)
50% douche parade, 50% smokin' hot hair gel models (ok fine, 100% douches)
I'm good. You good??
Neither. Phillip should win
please follow back ;)
Je le pupu bo ju goo goo le fro bro como te la vu jean pierre?
thank you for following.
I'll pray with you! Details not necessary.
what r u trying to say
I made vegan banana bread and am about to watch Dateline. I'm super cool, I know.
U will be Warmly welcomed here in Portland! U thought the welcome at game was big wait til u hit the RG as a BLAZER
I missed a workout yesterday so I did two workouts today , Cardio and yoga I was exhausted
although I kinda got distracted with Facebook and the wifi. Haha.
austin follow me it's my dream
Yeah, see ya soon? Grand Opening April 1 9-3!
youtube/state authentics
Great showing by last night at ITTs.
Just misplaced my IPhone in the couch cushions and was frantic looking till I used Find My IPhone and played a sound!! I LOVE Apple!!!
Thank you for following me!!! omg My heart stopped .. you are my favorite interviewer !! ^_^
hey nyc, some BIG show news coming late tonight or in the morning - stay tuned! #NYC,
It was fun, it's cool to be part of something as new as this.
TGIF!.. Have a great start to the weekend!!
I do the same type of things like that every summer too. Nothing will get your blood pumping though like cage free shark feeding.
G Road 67 Mustangs 44. Headed to the ship!
Silver Lake Takes Stake in William Morris Endeavor - New York Times
so great to see you! I'm looking forward to your amazing positive tweets.
Haha, I did indeed... I'm SUCH a night owl, lol.
Congrats Cierra on going to the next level - you were awesome as a #Nole and will be even better in the WNBA!
NEW Weekend Tweeps! (Thx for the follows!)
naw i have worked new music into my sets yet
what is it called?
Someone buy me a new belly ring. Kthnx. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#NowPlaying "Happier Than the Morning Sun" by S. Wonder (That's a bold title when you think about it.)
nothing they being to yell at me and the whole calss did 2
I know :(( we crashed the system at Rocketown.
Save $50 off membership to , this is a EXCLUSIVE! Check out the free app for details.
Dont make me come up to section 40 RT : I see you doing your thing at the game for sport marketing. You still su ...
I will laugh the day you run out of jokes.
Awesome #midwestfashionweek. Appreciate all u'r support. C u Mar 10-17, 2012.
Only way to go is ip
Hoodie Allen at official sold the fuck out!
how italian of a name is your kid gonna have ;)
It's like the billing person at my OB's office is supposed to raise pregnant women's blood pressure so they have more costly pregnancies.
I could continue watchin' #LotteryTicket for years !
I always wonder why our Louisville cardinal looks so darn angry.
Thanks for spread the word. Give EggDrop a try and let us know your feedback.
Jim Taylor is doing a special talkback at on April 30th after the 8PM show!
Wearing my salmon colored penny loafers (:
It is only three if you slur your words
Goodnight world !
Waiting for hoping that they announce a match for at #Sacrifice2012 #TGMTEL and best champion EVER
I love the word #acoustic also the music that it is.
This guy in front of me looks real good in that tank showing off his muscles. Then I saw his frosted tips. Ew.
I love it when the metro engineer has a sultry voice.:)
how am I rude? im not going around calling people whores and saying rude things. your just a kiss ass now
How do I "like" a retweet?
Nose giggling with
I wunna go home. I hate when my parents force me to my brother's baseball games<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Happy birthday Sarah!
:D classic RT : "The only difference between me and a leprechaun is I snorted my pot of gold" Robin Williams
Woke up with a headache!.
Sounds AWESOME!": I think I wanna do a fantasy league with my twitter folk, who's in?"
Happy Birthday!! Hope your having a great day!! :))
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much because that too much can hurt so much.
Hey, Moe, when were you thinking of calling me, 8 as always?
Wow, gotta change dat
Bikram Yoga New Orleans on Julia is a beautiful space. Give this new studio a try if you're looking for Bikram or hot yoga.
Join our Business Coaching for 1 year and get a free mail box in the center of the city!
Merry Christmas!
ALL FOLLOWERS - I AM ABANDONING THIS ACCOUNT. PLEASE INSTEAD FOLLOW ME AT THANKS!!
Speaker phone finesse?
left you a VM
it's me! Let's get hot dogs!
I got a whole lotta beer and all I need is some chicken...... Guess I'll ride to #popeyes den
hope you have fun :-)
Play was pretty good tonite... ready to finsh this paper and then off to bed!
bali, beaches, and bangkok, baby! actually, not quite sure am i having an eat. pray. love moment???
Sucker punch!
": "When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier." ~Roy Disney
That is awesome! I like DTLA <3
be sure to check out our update video on Facebook page this afternoon :)
One more quarter until the #grizzlies win and my Sunday nap!
where is your shirt, mr. davis?
Jet Lag is not fun..I want to be transported like Capt. Kirk.
Please get rid of Jessica "Dirty" Sanchez on American Idol,we need Ike Turner to give her the boot!
If the Heat play the Knicks in the 1st round of the playoffs it wont be a problem. Miami Won the season series 3-0.
sitting in my office in the top floor watching the rain in so california!
Grad (doctorate) party for coworker. No single men. Sorry. :( Yes, we'll both be dying alone at our computers.
Like the Caps should literally just release Wideman into free agency a couple months early. Oh and
They are getting really tacky! RT : So tired of #godaddy commercials
hey sweety, how have you been?
Will Google Wave revolutionize email as we know it? What do you think?
Mother and daughter die in fire in Londonderry, NH. Several others saved. Story at 5:30.
We are #Reading together..he and I.
Am I a man, or am I a muppet?
The Good Life:Wealth and Health
We gonna "Hide the Liquor" tomorrow night at Cathouse
webometrics and social network analysis: common surface characteristics; which are more sophisticated methods? Thelwall
"Okay, that's enough. Now how do I get outta this? -
that although some could make it, too many ppl expressed they had other obligations, I guess not enough tickets sold maybe??
will all of you send me your autographs please?
Also May 27th The Official After party w/ 18+ 21+ to drink! 10pm -> Flyer will be dropping today..
happy mothers day mama bern!!!! i hope you have an amazing day with your loved ones! :)
The library-as-tavern idea has occurred to me, as well. In what specific ways do we want our #libraries to be like town pumps? Hmm.
Awk moment when there is a fight at the restaurant ur at... Lolol
OMG. It is Prom night in Dayton at the local date night destination, Olive Garden. This is the best thing ever.
S/O to for being cool and funny as hell!
no but I wasn't cooking for myself. Plus I'm bored. Ha
Good morning #Austin! How is the #ATX doing? Just wanted our followers know our one year anniversary is fast approaching.
I tried to tag you in my last tweet. You're welcome...
Love you <333
read one page and eat a chocolate covered strawberry and watch 10 minutes of Grey's. My "study" method may take me awhile....
no name, just a number for Eastway CMPD. 704-336-8535. I could not believe they gave him a ride home after what he did.
I KNOW!
See opposing view to balance your point of view. Allow opposing view w/o trying to change it.Change OK if credible/logical reasoning given.
Writing #Rainmaking Book for attorneys; finishing up taxes (yeah, my acct is mad at me), and just work - but all good
I hope they bring me some david wilson and boykins in the draft...
that's over %100 profit so I would think so.
I dreamed I moved to Portland, and it was just like the show, only more so.
back at you.
I hope you feel better soon!
She is a straight clucker
Almost 1.3 mill signatures delivered to the sec of state!
I am dedicating our kickball victory tonight to Dick Clark! RIP U Amazing Bastard!
happy birffday chris brown (;
Who shot ya #ripBIG - Can we just tweet Biggie songs all day?
Booth was fun. I never seem to ready for the shutter to release!
RT : Hues of beige sprinkled over muted yellows, oranges, burgundy and navy. 70s silhouettes and killer fur details on the...
And It's Still Hot Af In This House
Awww that's no fun. Unless you have a sweet job! what do you do?
Living young wild and free
no, you don't, but your abacus, sextant, slide rule and compasses are subject to secondary inspection
Im running the streets! eveyone wants a piece of the blodster! #weet!
If u r n the IB tomorrow, LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN by the Watermill @ 12-1 next to the car wash on 13th & Coronado. C U there!
First a children's book, then a motion picture, now an opera! Come see "Fantastic Mr. Fox" presented by the Microscopic Opera Company...
What did you think of the post credits scene?
ha I can only imagine what you're thinking right now.. #
Even Papa John's pizza tastes gourmet when you're chew your own arm off hungry. Pepperoni and banana peppers. Ice cold Pepsi.
dont give up just stop tryin
whenever im sad i just listen to ! her songs make everything so much better..
"What's your favorite thing about koala bears?" "Their meat tastes delicious."
I dont think I like the drunk feeling that hennessy creates, lol im going to stick to the liquor I know..
Let go but never forget the past. There are many great things that can be learned from what you have been through.
If the #Heat lose tonight, what does that mean? I always think reg season can't be taken too seriously. But this would be bad...
Party? What party? Sam said he was going to work. (Just kidding) .....": Missing at the BPD Christmas party!"
Oh darlin' don't you ever grow up
Clippers game two weeks, spread the word
WHAT IF MI MOM THREW IT AWA Y OMG HALP ME JESUS
Can't wait! RT Who is attending the #CIW2012 Community Partner event tonight at ?
Nope. Journalism. Took poetry for 'fun'. Yeah, right! It's been ridiculously difficult.
Happy Charter Day! bruhs. "A-Phi! Delta Psi! Keep it Real"
Let me hear ur body talk~
oh absolutely you know I will ;)
Expect more speeches if I get a B in Pre-AP English. Four. More. Percent.
thank you Sir! Be sure to come out and visit us at the Sidewalk Sale on July 17th and 18th!
One week until our first show in Vegas!
Alex is Sexy! Is running through my mind (;
I don't know what you're talking about. All DT Austin has is hippies, food trucks, poor, and traffic.
Win a trip to London and Hard Rock Calling with Bon Jovi, Rod Stewart and more. this Wed at 7pm. Free event, live music w/The Hawkeyes 21+.
Cristo Rey Network is a candidate for the Classy Awards, which recognize great contributions in charitable contributions worldwide.
Karma -.- Fuck you
Aww, I always knew you were smart. Yay for #RonPaul love!
Like I said...sore losers.
Seeing photos of National Digital Library of Korea makes me want to go there.
Great meeting with you today! Looking forward to more good talks in the future!
Wishing all a very HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
one day... wwe will hand hug. #bestdayever!
Come party 'til 6am! Vegas' HOTTEST weekend party starts NOW!
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day, trends get weirder and weirder
HAMBONE!!! All bc I'm wearing his jersey.. ;)
. drank a glass of the boukketraube in your honor tonight! Hope #sf is awesome! Cc
ugh im jealous!!! :(
Our lips were made for kissing worthy men.
gosh, dont come near me then :) Must be Falls flu
I would LOVE to. :O)
Dundee Summer Wheat....making patio parties better since 2010.
Awww. No claw machines there? LoL (:
I'm wearing a bright pink t-shirt today on my birthday, just because I can.
Just got 's response on my smartphone. Don't use autocorrect so I still Google if unsure.
Aw thanks love. <333
My boss' boss' boss' boss' boss' boss is coming in to evaluate the store today. Must not defecate in my pants, that'd be a bad impression
have you visited our booth already? Interiors From Spain, booth 1024. We have A LOT of products you'll love. Come to meet us!
I'm pregnant with so many ideas that all I think about is abortion. I've seen so many of my ideas stillborn that all I think of is abortion.
“Ariana Grande is Very Successful. She has been on Broadway,Hit over 28 Million YouTube Views, Been on TV & Sold Out a NYC Concert #Proud <U+2661>”
Samson hall is so random
Home safely...now to get some rest.
Anna, what are doing this summer?! Musically, I mean :P
More & more I ponder the life of Paul & the love he had for every member of the church. I long to love like Jesus loves!
Doesn't seem safe enough for people with serious allergies!
awww you're amazing! We <U+2764> you!!
If that's the reason, fine. What can anyone do about it? I can't do anything. All I can do is sit back and let it go.
ur welcome sis!! Keep ya CURLS Up!!
can u tell people to follow meh? please :) <3 :p
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 49
Forgive me if I don't come around.
Lisa Berlanga from CA Charter Schools Assoc. says it's about a need for local decision making.
I think you're exaggerating a bit, but it's great that PDX comes out for comedy these days!
local artist, send me your track man...im really looking to work with you first before I have to travel someplace.
at least the tax bill will be lower!
WE SHALL WIN!
Nothing will ruin my day tomorrow
S/O to my new follower ...diggin' his music. Check it out.
Lots of traffic getting out of downtown. Yikes just stay and enjoy the mild evening.
OH "I'm a big deal among tablet PC workers in Shenzhen."
Amy please follow me I'm ur biggest fan
In #t101MediaLife where the professor references like a boss
Draft Hugh!
Yay! Can't wait to see pictures! Have fun!
RT : Maybe it's the sudden change in gay marriage pressure.
for a second i wondered why this new Last Step was so dull and uninspired and then i remembered the last 7 years of VSnares albums
#wheneverimbored I have a little fun ;)
oh yeah carnival time.. Be safe down there ..Rock Out!!! Let's link when u get back
is building a stopword list for 19thC Danish. This is well before the aa -> å spelling reform, so existing ones won't do...
I, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; RT
ah yes. On the street in the neighborhood behind the the Dowd and behind the church lot. .8 mile to my office.
lol I just spent $300 on a school trip!!! I'm already golden
Did you see JCVD? It's ever so delightful.
Pick me up some Ians!
the same girl telling you its ok for you other women is the same girl who wants to be with other men. They may not tell you that though.
Is there gonna be a happy sons or daughters day?? We got mothers and fathers day!!
Shame on you Dorothy Lucey this is how our system works anything happens to this woman because of your views
Went to Academy with , now we are at Marco's waiting for the beer to get here.
No way! That is crazy. What part of Texas?
I wish it saved progress, though...
Dream Big! If you could live your dream RT and tell us what it would be and why?!
Yes, unless you're doing insane things w/ video or photoshop. I would recommend the 13" w/ maxed out specs for a primary machine.
damn, my dad switched our cable to comcast. & comcast doesn't have boomerang.
Sometimes there are things you have to do, even if you don't want to.
high five! <U+270B>
Home chilling!! How are you doing???
This is different than usual how?
ask for their twitter handle
Penny nickel dime, penny nickel dime niggas *BANG* jerkin songs>>>>
Memorial Day is coming up pretty soon. Be sure to come in for a wax before tanning season starts for real!
ugh,thanks Lisa. Another frog, unfortunately. Prob my fault for thinking he could be trusted and trusting him. Live and learn.
Guess I gotta do this work thing again today . . .
Michael Fassbender appreciation week continues with Shame, tomorrow at NYFF.
As part of our ARTful Writing series, Indy Reads is heading to the IRT tonight for a special production of The Diary of Anne Frank!
you picked at bad time due to conference voting. most of the time code4lib is ok. i make judicious use of my kill-file
Is presenting the Best Picture based on your Theten level this year
Sleep Over To Night At Miah's House
I TRAIN WITH MY TWO SERVICE DOGS EVERY NIGHT
what is up with Hotmail? I can't open messages with Chrome v17, Firefox v8, IE9. maybe I should try Mosaic?
Two can play that game.
I know! And all those gorgeous meals, the fancy hotels, and swanky ships... so much better than reality! :-)
RT : Welcome to the new Viking River Cruises Trade Twitter page!
OH: "I'm so bitter I might be a Republican by Friday."
Happy Birthday!! Hope you have a great one today!! =)
Be sure you order the shrimp cocktail and eat it RIGHT before you take the field Thursday :o)
wow nice win. State bound Zephs
connecting my art websites to collectors
Good old fashion ass whupping!!! On the bright side, it's only game 1. Hard up beat a time shooting over 50% and only hv maybe 5 turnovers.
I'm so excited for with teeth !!! I can't think of a better artist to reopen my fav venue!! Try and hit me!! HEADSHOT
I predict that 75% of all of your tweets this fall will involve college football
Why do I always cut myself shaving when I have somewhere to be?
One month till the #wedding!!!!!
Kendall im taking my placement test at a college can u make may day by a follow me nervous
47? Way too young to go. RIP MCA.
I am the queen of grommets.
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Job market bounty this week! If only Farecast's prognostications about ticket prices from ATL-SEA would pan out.
#IfITellYou You Have A Nice Body , Would You Hold It Against Me ?
hopefully! Although i've been going through hubspot lately
Nice meeting and seeing your presentation
FroYo or Ice Cream?
Going to get my Beats By Dre tomorrow :)
Good night Tweets and FB!!
Haven't even taken off my cost or purse yet and I'm already pouring myself a glass of wine at home.
First Seagull burger at #Northpoint this year. Summer has begun.
depends on where they are located
A monumental discovery has been made! Wings are good!
In Rhode Island for the day. I wonder what glorious little book stores I might find in Providence.
Friday date night a walk around Baltimore Inner Harbor, some hot steamed crabs at BO BROOKS seating out side on a warm summer night! Dreams!
omfg im so happy right now!! u better be in my homeroom again!
Just picked up my brand new immigrant visa for the us at the embassey.. Almost ready to go now!
No, it's not begging the question. Libertarian socialists weren't responsible for the revolution.
Girl you lookin' good, won't you back that ass up?
Thanks for the RT! How's your day going?
OK. Grifters also seem to abound...or is it grippe?
About to get my writing in for tonight.
i just did an hour and a half of cardio dedicated to that freggin' vanilla semifreddo at
Grr, the phrase 'your lack of planning doesn't constitute an emergency on my part'. I do wish some people were better organized :(
#crossfit, let's see if I can get this L sit rope climb today!
Icing after the morning coffee fail - the top of the Whirley Pop just came off during the action. Popcorn. Is. Everywhere.
Best gift? The hubby got us tickets to see at the Wiltern. He's my absolute favorite and I'm so excited.
The article has int'g pts--need to have awareness, meaning, purpose behind #sm engagement, not just empty interactions
I know right???! #BabyBump gave me momentum and it better get me the sympathy vote! HA!
You can do it!!! You'll rock the end of your first year :)
ugh school has been a killer, how are you?
im the innocent .. one will i guess im just not the one growing fast :O
The awkward moment when you realize when you're the only friend/invite who actually went to the church part of the sweet 16
#Brewers press corps is down a couple starters tonight as well, matching up nicely with the team on the field.
While walking at the lake, see cameras and Peter Hermann at the edge of police tape on Druid Hill Lake Drive.
You don't wanna give me a job but you'll hit on me?
bahaha your officially my favorite tweeter
Love comes in spurts.
What's your favorite hot sauce on the market?
Come celebrate your Friday with us here at Coop's and try our homemade sausage!!
Spontaneous serenading to Haley with One Direction songs
lighting?! Guess i'm bringing a sweater!
RT : Think big! Act fast! You will be amazed by the momentum you can quickly develop in your business.
not at all I had one person come to mind instantly when I read that
If you Don't Respect yourself, How can I respect you?
I'm trying to stay within walking distance of violet crown cinema - I'm going to miss the game, I think. Seeing sushi movie @ 4
- you like that flight house stuff don't you. Lol
WARNING: Do not follow too closely.
Our CEO Kathleen Feely "Casebook helps workers enter data in real time."
I have a couple of ideas on my mind as I'm now at Seatac. First, where are airport employees when u need them?
First day shredding Breckenridge with my boy Justin Morgan!! Holla
What city is it in this year? I'm not cleared from work yet for AMS conference this year...but working on it!
The hubby rockin our lil one to sleep :)
Which layer of hell is this
Also, Gloria James makes me wanna barf, eat it, then barf again...
Hey! How are you? Are your exams over yet?
Another day another dollar<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Shot in the dark: Wontons?
i need to study lol
Newt, the socialist that sells out his family and country.Your dad would puke
MB this singing in my dreams whit: #roc #prodigy #priceton and #rayray lol!!
Aww finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it "shh but we love you a lil more" YUP sounds like CASH
We are looking, and thinking about creative giving.
is giving away tickets to see this Sunday at ! RT
At Sydney's sixth-grade band concert. It's great.
lol bet pick one!
S/O time --- starting meow
"is that a chair fit for a king or what?" by whom?!?!
I guess it really is #ThirstyThursday 'cause a nigga' be feenin'. *-*
I just want to do work.
Man, I already sent you the image search for "cup of tea." That wasn't enough?
I will lol
If economy continues to improve, Romney's "Obama has failed" message will sound empty & hollow (not to mention desperate).
What am I doing while the boyfriend goes to his bro's house? Absolutely nothing. Fml
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Everybody needs TP! 6 pack of Cottonelle toilet paper, yours free with $20 purchase! (Riverwest)
what fun,,, thanks everyone!
It's official! Rosco, the Geneseo Police dog, keeps his job for at least 1more yr thanks to a generous donation. Details on 13WHAM at 10/11.
What's the deal with the DMs about "things being said"? Clearly spam, but how do you stop them?
and you're going to lbk? I wanna go soon again! Let's go!
Did you fond a new one yet? Im sure you insurance can fond you one. Maybe try fonding it in the yellow pages. Or fond it online
On the bright side, October is suddenly wide open for me.
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
You Know i Do It For My City Boy, 2 Chainz You Can Call Me Titty Boy
Hey , are you familiar with the TEDxColumbiaEngineering event happening on November 29th?
ok killa! U got a RT from your boy! Definitely #cheesinhard right now!
Why didn't I see that #Whitney #Houston #died yesterday? You have failed me
Dont compare. It leads to misery. U will be either ugly-prideful or more insecure. You are the BEST at being you. #Hotnews!
I'm up taking it all in! heard the one of the homies didn't make it.. #RIH BUD T diggy
Today has been a good day.
We always talk about mileage based systems for gas taxes. What about a percentage of gas purchased instead of a flat tax regardless of price
I find that a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread.
is your new middle name "40?"
Tonight, we are young.
Got my first chance to play with a soft box tonight - pretty amazing.
I see what you did there, #Fiesta2012 video at #NIOSA showed a guy in a shirt! #KCCO !
Heading to Orlando for the Graphics of the Americas trade show in about 90 minutes! Excited to feel some 80 degree weather!
#ThingsIDislike Not getting my way
M Ryan vs SEA or Grossman vs. STL who do I start? I think Grossman what do u think?
Today: gingerbread men and chocolate mint spritzers.
good thanks . I'm in pa right now but ill be back soon ... lets get together soon
Love that pic! Thanks for joining us on this beautiful Mother's Day!
Happy Birthday bella! Wish u all the best!! :) much love
Didn't we #FIB #ncrXwd RT": partied with bro "
you and should make a song together. That would be the cutest yet romantic thing ever! RT if you agree with me!
Instapaper-ing things and then not reading them: It's becoming a problem.
I miss Northern Exposure
oh Jesus. I'm gonna have to do that soon :P
This is why most of our designer clients use your services for their clients!
Went on a sunset hike/shoot tonight.
Awesome video of Man U. Getting the news. Unbelievable.
Thursday's topic: study. A primer on lectio divina. Thanks for hosting the meeting last night!
The clearer to communication is online the more time available in f2f section for interaction.
I'm like the wind baby, I'm everywhere ;)
Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
Thanks 4 the follow
041298 8 your number>>> and um i have a lot.. Wet The Bed, I Can't Wait, Like We Used To etc etc IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
Just got a $100 car wash
Calling it a night... Sure wish I had a show this weekend to get my mind off things!! Good night and God bless...
I never said it was a bad thing. And your welcome, Follow back please? & Thanks for the spelling lesson.
Excellent! Thank you!
Franz Wright is in #DC!
playing dogeball with basketballs
#churchplanters God. Wife. Kids. Church - Yes, in that order!
When May 33rd comes, i'll start giving a fuck :)
The Lord is awesome my brother
lol omg is this the one who gave u a prob about the sick note?
RT : RT : "You can't be too kind or too generous." - Patricia Fripp #quote **p.s. Good luck w/job fair
Monster game tonight! Thank you Matt Kemp, and thank you Henry Rodriguez! LOL
Bauer Power 24 Funny T Shirt
love ur tweets! Always make me think! would love a follow back! had u on fb but stalker forced me to shut down for a min
Welcome home residents! Stressed after your first week of school? Come in the office and grab a free movie rental - awesome selection.
Sorry for the loss of your friend.
2 many drinks at my party aye lol
Hey, thanks for the RT!
Believe in yourself :)
They should have played some salsa music too.
Oh, and Friday evening DJs, btwn 5-8 PM, you may have a large audience this week. *hint hint* ;) More details to come.
Trust me, you don't need to be fool. You just need to have food in your system...
This year, fireworks and beer, Hong Kong. Next year, fireworks and beer, LA? Year after that, enormous solar flare caused by Nibiru and beer
really? omg sorry sorry!! (but still I think this is karyn) hey!! :D
I need some morning sex....super horny...
why is it so much easier to act angry than to admit that you are hurting?
Me! #PhillipAllTheWay! Who are you for?? ;)
"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh
“: lucky girl.” so excited! first time here. any reccomendations?
Man I have to take a huge shit after these chicken nachos
we love gold!!
Real men eat pussy and like it.
We will update documented material to clear confusion. Apologize for any misleading statements. Thank you for your interest.
Im smiling even doe IM HURTING....
“: I <3 hip hop long time.” Killing it last night at X Bar!
Thanks for tha follow...... We will catch up later........
thanks for the rt!
Watching my kitten chase this fly around the living room. >>>
Based on my timeline, I'm nowhere near as nerdy as I thought compared to a lot of you.
Good morning Jann! Thanks so much for the shout-out. :)
RT : RT : A2: To get noticed, previous experience. Hard to prove ability and skills on the resume
No more charades My heart’s been displayed
Can't wait to visit !
Sunless tanners are a great way to get a bronzy glow without the dangers of tanning beds. What's your favorite kind?
I hate everyone equally :)
Weekend visitor from Cleveland...a very proud Aunt Theresa
Sweet- Amp literally crashed and burned on a Fed Ex truck in NM this week. Still get an awesome Morgan amp- but it'll be a while longer.
I have the worst headache in the world :(
Why don't you wanna fall in love with a guy like me?
well you know. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." ~ H. D. Thoreau
- Thanks for the mention, hope you're enjoying the app!
awkwardly small teeth... um
#EveryoneHasThatOnePerson they shit talk everyone with.
That Seski's cousin Slothman. He move to LA be big star. We not hear much from him now.
Ginsburg: "I feel bad for you." Don Draper: "I don't think about you at all." That's also the relationship between Philles & Nationals fans.
What can we do to help cure this problem? Is there anything that we each could do? The homeless problem is just that; a problem.
my excitement for Diablo I is palpable. Only 5 more days...
Ok they need to put the air on 50
just whipped up kumquat chutney to serve with savory asiago shortbread biscuits with drinks before dinner.
thank you I will try that! :)
babysitting my brother is probably one of the easiest jobs
I MISS DRAKE AND JOSH!!!
I'll second all of that!
In a night I close my eyes and take a deep breath / In a night I see my life, every day, every step...
Can we say Cardinals suck!!! Thank God I'm a Jets Fan
If you were a WWE wrestler what would your stage name be?
I'im sure i can wait another 22 days till your new music comes out :)
Closer for the Mets reminds me of Ruben Quevedo's bum ass...
Agree with you William. The Mayans have a more detailed report for 2012 than does Filner.
Stupid giants!
10 year old:I can't wait until I'm a teenager, I will wear cool clothes and sneak out to party! Me:Spills cereal on cat
LeRoy native Bill Pangrazzio will join us on the show right after the break
I never have. Have you?
It's my birthday I can get high if I want to
I need a lifecoach today. , help!
Is there a celebrity everyone seems to love -- that you just can't stand?
Victoria was beautiful!! Absolutely wonderful!
Oh That's Cool
Yeah that was pretty embarrassing. I bet your face is like a lobster. (Like, it's red. Like a lobster.)
Happy Birthday to my Dad turning 52 today!!
me usually talk pretty too.
is picking up a prescription at Walgreens that I forgot to get earlier today.
hahah I promise he laughed! let's hang out! how long are you here for?!
Yeah me, either day.
ATTN last weeks Twitter Sweeps winners- We will be emailing you at the email address you provided us w/ to confirm prizing info.
Why does the news broadcast info about shelters opening to help homeless "beat the heat?" Do the homeless have tv's or the internet?
Books 4 teen boys....GEEK FANTASY NOVEL by E. Archer....a quirky mix of adventure and humor. Fun read.
waking up beside yourself..and what you feel inside, is being shared with someone else...nowhere to hide.
Should MLS and other search sites differentiate between virtual tours and video or do consumers not really care?
Who got 2k12 for ps3 retweet this if u do
A Fish Fry and a win for the Brew Crew. Not bad for a Wednesday if I do say so myself.
CHARGE AND ANSWER UR PHONE!
who the f**k wants to be a Hooley????
I think it's for people with low vision. Made me too scared to try the new gmail. Google makes me fear technology!
Watching these D's play, I'm not sure the Pack had as good of a chance as we thought.
Prescription-Drug Overdose: One Victim ’s Mother Makes a Personal Plea via
MAYbe. But don't you have some essays or exams or projects to read and grade?
Agreed. RT I like how while Pan Conrad is speaking, Ashwin Vasavada behind her is nodding his head, "yes, yes"
: Thank you for the support!
: should head back to to reclaim his ankle lock from Actions speak louder than tweets.
When you see most stars, you're essentially looking hundreds or thousands of years into the past.
Morning, sunshine(s) ! Thanks for the follow, yo.
Lets do it! RT : Your welcome.... Im here to help all the kids that need an education,
oh hi we gotta find something to do tonight
DM me bro!
So many guys with tucked in button up shirts and comb overs are going nuts.
says more about you than it does about me.
MDAT proposal: New E-ZPass rates 10% off cash tolls. No decals on Hatem, but $36 annual E-ZPass rates.
Cannot wait to be in Sin City...
There is no way that Michel Foucault did not ghost write Little Men.
how r you baby? <3
Announcing the new members of the iBOT Family today!!! Who do you think it is?
#Christian LIVE preaching on the spirit, soul, and body --- really understand
My hair is too short to have a bad hair day...or at least that's what I thought. If I don't do it as soon as I shower, it looks awful.
Congrats to Anastasia Gentilcore, who won our drawing to Carols & Cocktails on 12/21 at last night's Young Patrons HH. More info to come!
I CANT WAIT. #SAYSOMETHIN or #saysomething WHATEVER LETS TREND IT
Just woke up from a bad dream. Wait... Did that really happen?
juz like i told issac its happened
yess lets go:)
Link to new song tonight humans.
Such a nice day for a family barbecue ! Happy sunday fun day !
Thank you for letting us be a part of it- we are thrilled to help!
stop spamming me!
Retweet if you have ever posted something so raunchy you had to blame it on an undisclosed friend!
Last night I had a dream featuring Rihanna. We were being held hostage by terrorists....How strange!
listening to gospel winner talking about his friendship with Whitney....
My thoughts, prayers and condolences go out to the people of Japan.
thanks for RT. and we have upped our game on tortillas. Can't wait to hear what you think!
Cuz She Made You Move, And Wont Move Back!
": <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Too good to have my heart played with like a toy."
OH: I hope people done get sellomenello
Sorry about that alley-oop combo from to me!
I just cut myself some bangs.
Can't believe how beautiful it is out today! So glad we got to go for some meetings and get outside :)
seriously, how many dudes have a 28" waist?
My turkey sandwich sucked cuz I asked for Buffalo chicken ...I get home and its cajun turkey breast ...as if I wouldn't taste the difference
are you still dieting ?!
Thank you so much! :)
ill still treat you the same without the title just making it easy for you...
You will be missed! :)
Good choice! RT : Enjoying a sausage and roasted red pepper slice Oh, and some chili peanut wings as well.
No one got open for Rondo, not really his fault.
My dear, no matter which clown wins Obama will beat any of them. Be sure to get chicken wings (my fav!!) Our best to you!
Lil B called out littering
Oh no. Is that ______ ? OMG! WALK WALK WALK .
Girls fall in love with what they hear, and boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear makeup and boys lie
awww you guys aren't losers! You are just waiting on a hot babe to come around ;)
I love taglines for movies like "everything is connected" whoa newsflash! atoms without enuf electrons in their outer valences form bonds!
just fought my way into chapter 21 of ghost station - 121,268 words and 363 pages and still going strong! the mountaintop is in sight!
": To those ripping #Lakers because a wide-open Steve Blake took last shot: Have you forgotten John Paxson & Steve Kerr?"
OMG I just ate some my self I was craving me some Chipotle #Enjoy ": Chipotle time!"
That's true. I need to rewrite it. But first I need to finish the one I'm writing now.
aww ok cool
its ok
i am taken. Lol.
I THINK I LIKE IT. I THINK I LIKE IT A LOT.~MGK BITCH
so many fights have happened today like omg
LIKE A BOSS.
John Dimick earns the sweet upgrade to Sr. VP of Programming & Ops at Lincoln Financial Media. Guess we have to start treating him nicer...
New edition of IAAY coming soon! Look out for competition to win handmade jewellery courtesy of
I like how Paranormal Activity 3 takes place in 1988 and is shot with like HD cameras
No, angry lady on the street, I will not talk to you. It's 1:30 in the morning and there's a 95% chance you want to do me bodily harm
ok I can do that! Lol
-- It never hurts to float a trade trial balloon to every owner ...
+1000 > “: i enjoy submitting program proposals a little too much.”
I love you KDC
YAY NEW UPDATE PATCH FOR NCAA 2010 ON PS3!!! :) AND I JUST FIXED MY PLAYSTATION!!! :)
I Am Not The Kind Of Girl Who Should Be Rudely Barging In On A White Veil Occasion...
I don't know the difference between hippy and hipster, but is fun to watch either one get beat up.
Ur guy Ron Artest aka Metta was one responsible for shutting lead scorer on Nuggets down n keeping other guys fresh....
I'm guessing cheetos. RT : "I don't know what's in Rush Limbaugh's heart." --President Obama, moments ago
HAHA Never thought I'd say this...but I wish I didn't win this one! LOL
Ima start a riot!!!
rock on!! many thanks.
Visit Crossroads @ SECCA's facebook page for a chance to win two free tickets to tomorrow nights show! Don't wait.
You are so lucky :( #GoodForYou :).
if they ain't rocking flame. Than they resellers
making money my hobbie flippin bags is my passion homegirl in the lobby is you suckin dick im just askin?..
FRIDAY NIGHT SPECIAL! Come in in these last two hours for $2 member upgrades! OR... Purchase any 5 pack of tans and get 3 FREE!
it's a great quote, isn't it?
Perverted play o_o
It's official. I must remain gluten-free for the remainder of my life. Lame.
Ready to see the Grizz to whoop up some LA Clippers!
would like to eat at some point today..
Big difference!!! MJs teams were known for the contributions of role players. Hate Kobe, but he has gotten a lot out of lesser players ....
I'm not excited to go back to school-_- I'm good wit staying at home and not worrying about waking up so early
I think I'm fighting a losing battle with losing my voice.
he'll yeah, game day!! City will be wild all day and night
Wearing a brand new pair of sparkly shape up's. I feel like is judging me
I'm trying to resist the temptation to eat out (badly), but if I peek out the window at work and spy the Nate's Taco cart, the deal is off.
I love you both <3
Hey! Have a speedy recovery!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> “: Good morning people!!”
lmfao at the dude trying to tweet us <<
Unbelievable! After being down 19, KU beats #Mizzou 87-86 in OT! I don't know about you, but I don't want to see this rivalry end!
Good on ya LB. Must be all the Soccer Tuesday, Tour de France, and For No Apparent Reason content that tipped the scales.
Getting in a couple more games before heading 2 Lebanon. Important to see all guys. is my pick to have a huge breakout 4 us
This will be the 3rd year of Mt Adams Pavilion's DJ Summer Series
The doggie who wandered into our offices yesterday has been reunited with his owner thanks to our designer, Alex!
well shoot you suck. Make up your mind. Me and my twinsy are readddyyyy.
Absolutely!! Would love to go again. I need to call Tom and play calendar tetris again.
Read the newest spotlight on Carla Perlo Founder & Director of Dance Place. danceistheanswer.blogspot.com
“: “Wake up and live” – Bob Marley”
Thank you to all of our dedicated delivery drivers!
Sometimes I think your crazy lol
I think the Hoosiers keep the bucket in Bloomington
will you make my name upside down?
Thank you, too! Hey, my new album's out this Fall. I think some of the songs are even better than "Someday Soon" (Local Scene cd).
Tour Stop is interviewing Bullet for my Valentine in the coming days, send us your questions for the band!
I can totally agree with that
I couldn't understand why it was so quiet on the freeways, and then I got the #springbreak memo listening to the radio. :)
Masturbate! Sex can wait!
Watching Joe Dirt.
the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.
Day of the Dead San Francisco - tonight Tuesday 11/2, 4-10pm at Garfield Square Park, 25th and Harrison. Procession is at 7 PM at 22nd a...
because of you that's all I've been singing since I dropped you off (: lololol!
good one. :) hey, so how's Roger? Did you finally talk to him on atticus' phone?
Not nearly enough time in this day-not even including my gown fitting-which must be completed by morning.
hi-all
The Beastie Boys, now with 1/3 less repetition.
i feel fine sharing my twitter name with my students yet totally opposed to them ever finding my fabebook. why is this?
His Sister Real co Beans : ) She act like a sister in law : ) haa .
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, & achieves the impossible.
Charles Barkley has to bust Shaq's chops for graduating college? Way to live up to stereotypes....
Bridgeport Ebemezer Ale on now at Lotties!
That's the one!
yeah I know, there's so many impostors
So we playing the reception? I'm sure we can metal out the chicken dance
you surprised me again!
aww<3 I hope you see him again soon. When do you plan on that happening?
I caught a drumstick threw into the crowd in 2003 - one of my most prized possessions.
will you please wish me luck on my exams today? Much love! <AB
Hate and love are almost the same thing. You two are already starting off with a ton of passion. I think he's the one.
Just got our tickets for Puerto Rico :) can't wait to hit the beach
sounds totally awesome!
I've read you're tweets only like a thousand times over again(:
Well, hello there Lawton!
The normal Christian life looks like Jesus in every way!
DO TELL
My 78 y.o. mom has the cell phone manners of a teenager. Just talks wily nily wherever she happens to be. Kind of cute, actually.
RT : I love Ed Shultz " you can't make this stuff up... Come on folks..."
At the age of 18, a young man (college freshman) called me "ma'm" for the 1st time.
call me
Where are you?
"No matter how much money I make,
Okay then I must confess... I have a crush on you(;
Won't make it down tonight, but maybe this/next weekend (weather/bike permitting). Any update on getting music down there?
i hate you<3
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would make sure all my haters knew
Ready for the weekend...is it here yet??
Snacks? Check. Music? Check. Paint? Check. Let's get it!
ah I see.
Follow my web design company for updates on technology, web design, social media, UX, & SEO
Stop caring, Stop caring, Stop caring, Stop caring!
Love this. RT : Writing lesson of the day-you don't need a lot of words to say a lot.
thanks so much Emma!
New for me "amazon's "mechanical turkers"
Maybe should get a mop.
Hard to believe.... What was the presentation topic?
“: oh hellllls no !! LMAO !” lmao dam someone loves there hair :)))))
TSO's "Christmas Eve Sarajevo" gave my cello fingers a workout this AM. It was fun. Good to play cello more lately.
I cant wait until june 11 at 11:15.
Mine is already public knowledge--state institution and transparency and all that.
Dear Celebrity Crush, I think our relationship is at that point where you should learn about my existence :]
Sympathy. WASPs find the green grating as well.
Good sunday morning to everyone. Happy easter to all. Don't eat too much candy! (If there is such a thing as too much candy!)
we are going to be singing that all day tomorrow. Hey I need aj's #
Kendall Grimm greets reliever Haylie Wagner, the winner for Michigan in the first game, with a double to center field.
WE'RE AT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!! YEE! Let's celebrate with FREE MAHONEWAY SUBS! :D <3 -Kayla
So jealous! Maybe we should start a little quilting bee club, so we can actually get them done ;)
shopping for labels, shopping for love
I had planned on indulging in some retail therapy today, but apparently the weather is going to ruin my plans. Curses.
extremely cool Marc.
Assigned seats?! Boo.
Captain of industry = Paternalistic Figurehead. What does it mean to you, and model that meaning of leadership.
Wish I still lived in DC... RT : Nationals offering a beer & peanuts for $5 total at next Wednesday's game vs Pirates
Each one of our fans are individuals with a face and a name. Together they form force that kicks the music industry's ass
A Palin-drome is a candidacy that makes as much sense forward as backward.
. And that unemployment figures do NOT include those incarcerated.
Yep. Remember Cursor?
Awh, thank you. Love you to :)
Fever and sore throat out of no where <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
we went to Fraiche yogurt this morning after a tennis lesson after a sleepover- a big schedule, eh?
Sorry for hanging up! I couldn't hear you. The FSG paperback hotline should be available now if you try again...
Awesome! I think I read every one of them when I was a kid. Searching for it now...
It's popular to go out to eat at the Olive Garden and hang out at the Barnes and Noble cafe, where am I?
ditto. i agree. i just think Cal ... well, you know.
the snow is almost melted, except for the porch of the tiny house next door - no one lives there
Slammed at work, which isn't a bad think when you work in recruitment !!
The only thing cooler than done by hand is done by MOUTH.
Tipton wrote a very very long piece about dropping a game and failed to mention one time the fact that you lose a home game $
lol you're quite unforgettable.
........stfu your voice is making me want to kill myself.
RT NEEDS TO EXERCISE BUT CAN'T THANKS TO FUCKING BOOKS
you do i didnt mean to tweet that
THOUGHT IT WAS OVER WHEN WE ARE JUST GETTING IT TOGETHER TO BE BETTER..STREET SPEAK RADIO WHERE COMEDY MUSIC AND HIP HOP CULTURES COLLIDE
hm true true
Hey just sent you an email. Think you might be interested. :-)
where you at that you be tweetin
totally saw you drive by me today!
i hate judgemental ppl.. give mf's a chance and expand yo horizons. bitch
lol I through it was the one I know bol
loves the way an awesome research day makes her feel. F- yeah thesis research!! #gradschool #archives rock
GoodMorning My Peoples...... Let's Get This Money.... (Freaky Deaky)
Just got some great feedback from a writer friend. Good critique is necessary.
If your #Capper can not spell he probably can. Not #CAP Get on the list
no..LAUREN. OH MY FREAKING GOD, I LOOKED AT MY MOM AND SAID "you see her? yeah, shes the reason people kill themselves!"
WHO WANNA SEE THE ARTWORK FOR HEAD IN THE CLOUDS?????
sup bro...ur still @ broadway on monday?...wat bout tonight?
Tonight, we've picked 2008 Solari for #WineWednesday. Young, yes, but the kick in the mouth I needed today! Fave place 2 taste too
may the 4th be with all of you.
Says CS about their phones:"most schools do not get signal." Would have been good to know when *buying* the phone for my son.
I cannot wait to see #Footloose I will dance in the theater!
Who thinks Parnell should have pitched the eighth? *raises hand*
Hang in there!
So this week feels like it has drug on #FOREVER. I'm so ready for Friday :)
"Is this supposed to make me hungry!?!" -
RT I Love
If you see me on the streets or something, don't hesitate to say hi! i'm actually a nice person.... surprisingly..... kidding. not kidding.
I will be playing at my party y'all not ready to have fun... Caught up in the rapture of love...
RT : Students: Good luck on the #FCAT!
/ You guys need to get to know one another... Ben, meet Todd. Todd, meet Ben. Go forth and be musical...
": The first draft of anything is shit. ERNEST HEMINGWAY #writing" and, in Hemingway case, so was fifth.
Be honest. Did you ever mention my name? Did you get sick of the shame?
Is the tutor a boy or girl?
Actually make that 6 months...
"If you're at a university, you have broadband, access, open your doors!" From Duke libraries need to keep doors open past 7!
DC voltage control - check. RF amp, regen detector, varactor tuning in progress. BTW, a soldering iron can be quite hot to the touch....
Twitter: I need to buy a webcam. Is there really a difference between the $10 one and the $100 one?
Thanks for the follow! We choose skewer! RT : Choose your weapon: sword or bow?
To Be Completely Honest, matches way more with Than Hayley, Thats what I think...
It would seem most of the residents of my home state have forgotten why we got the nickname tar heels. Be immovable in your courageous fight
Haha no!(: ": stop tweeting and pay attention in class :)"
Don't fight.
Like Wise..Enjoy!!
Don't underestimate me. Underapproximate me.
Truly Fascinating! Thanks for sharing!
Jesse James in tha house at the Bucks game
check out FIND ME INC its a non profit organization that helps young woman and men with there issues you can call at any time(954) 797-0634
Turkey Day is right around the corner...What do you do to stay motivated when it cold outside and warm and toasty inside?
Thank you !
Thanks for heads up. Good question. I have 999 followers. The 1000'th follower is going to be someone special...I just know it!
Imma call when I get out of this movie
and here comes thee rain
loll, i dont do anal often...but would def. do it
Reviewing the fantastic submissions we got. Thanks all your DC focused filmmakers!
Yeah buddy RT Going HAM on this political science final!
Randy Huntly sings at the stretch
You need to pick it up!
If anyone was worried, none of us died in the tornado storms :)
wish I could make the #NYLC12 unable to this year. If you happen to make your way to the westside of ATL let's do coffee.
Gambino Is A Call Girl-- Fuck You, Pay Me
Not my fastest, but it'll do. Bring on the Shamrock Shuffle. I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
follow for follow? :)
US Supreme Court agrees to take case by 26 states that new national health care law unconstitutional. AK joins suit.
Lisa Vieyra states, "It is ironic that the program being emulated is being eliminated."
The show still looks so rough
RT if you're a belieber
Yes, should hit those marks next Tues or Wed by my calculations.
What kind of Tan do you like with your Black? The common Bass Ale or something different?
It's Monday Night Football, Rams vs Seahawks, Come on in and watch the game, drink $2 24oz Tecates or PBR's, and $1 hot wings!
“: The family that tweets together, stays together! Love you G'ma ”china is going to text u
Hey guys check this out!!!! Http://www.YouTube.com/ThatKidMeli
y'all understand cuz you prolly know piranhas, same biters who do the same shit was prolly up on your block
Jeremy Walsh Real Estate has arrived!!
A natural stress reliever= the gym
For what?
Oh poo. I was a day off. He will start heading home tonight though and get here Sunday. Yippee. Maybe I will take the time to make a pie
it's amazing 70 everyday this week :) when are you coming to visit
I hope to meet you at the next one! :)
Watching "Into the Wild" ,,,, just reached the Magic bus.
yea you!
So some girl jus told me this.... Apparently i have a floridian accent... And she found it hot lol
It's really sad when 'Star Hunters' is more interesting than your job.
could be. I feel like upperclassmen might feel more comfortable with the school at that point.
= happy me
": Detroit West"
Strange approach to social...tweeting only about people who unfollowed. Good response!
i love your icon btw <3
sounds like character on Sesame Street.
Don't know yet, trying to determine the ill cinco de mayo spot. I'll keep you posted on my findings lol
exactly!!! any guidance?
Cant' get out of my pj's. Good thing isn't open for lunch...
A message to a friend: "Since it's almost you're birthday, I want to make sure we're not going through something awkward right now?"
yeah never give up on your dream just as hard as you can
If I have spoken to u more than three times, it means that at one point you couldve been a part of this, but instead, u just get to witness
Leuchter: re generating revenues... notes expanding out of student enrollment, exploring whether grad prgm can be self-supporting.
And Miami ElectroPop star Santa Leja has a new mobile site - text getsantaleja to 88704 to check her out
Only 16 days left of school!
you want to meet him too?
And it's not even my birthday
Raining hard in Central Austin.
Well...we're off to start cutting the trees that were downed in last year's hurricane. Should be a fun day.
Follow singer and guitarist
That a boy Rob Wilson! Happy for that dude
This plane is the size of a Pringles can.
Those #morepeople includes and Ryan and Mary and Sam and aj and Chris and Hollie and Karah and all others <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I just love missing the bus and waiting 40 minutes..
I know someone who might be interested. What kind of app is it?
y'all gonna have to come back next time for sure.
It's loud in here
Tell the children the truth.
Part 2 going into edits this week (at last...) Stay tuned!
ur on the Rox text line again.
u said wat was an avi?
At Hooters eating all you can eat wings
Giants win. Glad the NFL season is over. I'm ready for baseball.
Your body uses up most of it since they die off over multiple weeks.
well i was wrong ha
RT : RT : RT : A2: The power of perception is that what I perceive, I can achieve.
found footage oriental still waiting
ugh the vti didn't pay me this week,usually three weeks is how long it takes fu@^ng
I've never been there! I need to go. Thanks for the pic.
My friends, I am #cataloging issue no. 2 (Autumn 1985) of Jeff Smith's Seattle-based #zine "Feminist Baseball." Yes.
lmao I'll never forget you sitting straight up in bed sayin "who the FUCK are you!?"
bitch betta have my money BITTCCCHHHHHH!
I wish I'd known right from the start, that I was dancing with the dark.
- thanks for connecting!
hey hooka i don't be on every lol Wyd
Comiccon sunscreen sponsor needed, big opp to protect a lot of pale skin out here
Witness tells #9news planes may have collided mid air.
"i am iron, like lion, in zion" xoxoxoxoxoxo (aka fondly)
Shut The Fuck Up About The Kiss..
NaLee2010.com CHECK IT OUT
LOL! I'll stick to the little dogs from now on. Now that Kafka's gone, I'm keeping them small! :o)
what time is it in Manchester, England?
Thank you to everyone who has followed me and get me to 104 followers! Thank you . Thank you <3
Love watching
“: I odviously complete you” And odviously completed me by pointing out this excellent Twitter feed. Thanks, pal!
Ballroom dancing at the Elks - Wareham Week
We usually get asked for pictures only in bike shops /s/ Arnold & Dudley
And I am sick of bullies, bigots, & liars. RT I am sick of Liberals. Lather, rinse, repeat.
not true. Hate you buddy.
for real what did he say
Playing the National Anthem this morning for the Diabetes Walk! :)
Jen, needs a baby goat! MT : I told you, I can assist with the procurement of a pig. We event planners have skillz.
I don't want to be around the time when you get that forecast wrong :
RT FOR A SHOUTOUT! (must be following me!)
that's so true but your slacking
what does that mean en ingles?
At 5:30 I'll be on talking Madison Craft Beer Week with
This has been a BLESSED day! Looking forward to a great week!
Appreciate for being my 300th follower!!!
On the plaza w/
was listening to Irish music playing at Panera at Mayfair. Surprisingly, Seam Ward is not working.
I just get quiet when I feel worse & cling to Jesus in prayer. Continued next tweet
Wish I wasn't so clumsy. Oh well lol
TO MANY HOES NOT ENOUGH WOMEN
I love Leake, but jeez. Something's gotta give.
Watching Justified with Viggle Tue | 10PM | FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
beginning to get the impression you've not had the best day ;-)
Enforcers are awesome.
Post-rain earthworm gauntlet: I ACCEPT THE CHALLENGE.
I ain't getting no action 2nite so I guess I'll call it a night
it's like riding a bike...balls and strikes!
It would be so much better if youth these days read these edgy titles from Marilyn Irwin's YA/adult fiction crossover session
strange fruit in 2012 some things don't change sad...
Awesome! We love :))
New Strains and Bubble Hash!!! Stop on in and see us! You won't be sorry!!
I might regret this later but come down tonight
When do we get the pleasure of seeing you do weather the old fashioned way? Boqrds, magnets, puppets..
Presently fulfilling a stereotype.
feeling bad i couldnt work with tonight, im sorry i love you.
Cont. PWD in them do packaging for companies yet are not good enough to hire to make true minimum wage? What is wrong with this picture? :(
The greatest happiness in life - confidence that you are loved.
ok pally bethlage is a long walk.
Try some warm saltwater, that's an ol country trick my mum taught me!
lol I will
about the strep test. Plus this use to be my doctor when I got sick he said "I was fine- just unhealthy" :'( I'm scared
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other - Abraham Lincoln.
No follow? :(
You're so right. Learning keeps life fresh and exciting. Thx for your interest in the librotrafficker event!
lol I know :(
“Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music” --Sergei Rachmaninov
wht u mean I sent a dm to tht person an they wrote it
Thinking of all my friends at
There are 3 sets of words that can instantly make a girl smile: "You are beautiful" "I miss you" & "I love you."
um I have to think Lol I don't know I'm not shore if they are singers or rappers? Idk! Wat about u?
Gonna miss that guy. I always felt that Martin Bashir used his film to take advantage of MJ.
Its bs! she killed caylee! its not fair to let her out!
what kind of movies do u like? :)
Just got dont muttering "I hate it, I hate it, I hate it..." for entire half hour
time to have give u a back rub. Haha
Movie recommendation is Bill Mahr in "Religulous"
bitter oranges
The OKC National Memorial Event will be a dream-come-true after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Pioli's sweet acquisitions and picks.
Go see the massive kinetic Divine sculpture at AVAM. And is right Lexington Market is Bmore to the max
We appreciate the mention!
Pleasure is all mine. Tell me Vinc, what are you trying to accomplish at the moment?
not too bad! :)
What's your favorite winter album?
Swimming ...With children gear! Lol
First day w my new convertible and it's grey out. Boo
thank you so much! Im so glad you like it!!!
y did u drop me as one of Ur follwers
im right here :) lol
How are you earning points in Pottermore? Are you brewing potions? I suck at that!
enjoy sweetie, have one on me ! LOL
T-T
Presented at "Preservation Matters" event at Nat'l Archives this weekend. Great audience w/lots of questions. Preservation starts at home!
I meant 71 years ago today Citizen Kane had its NYC Premiere.
ayy friend how's u doing less get us a win tuday!!
he thinks he's a young kobe
Tanning outside w/ and she unties my top and it flies up... Oops, kinda just flashed the birds:o
That's probably why I be having that idgaf attitude towards people
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to following your tweets.
thanks for inviting him!
You just told everyone to follow me take your own advice
Its cool outside (in Florida), I've got delicious sushi reminding me of Tokyo, and I'm reading Jenkins on global christianity
dam you fine
I'm loving it
you are my hero. Shit is about to get crazy.
Ode to American Dad, how you make me laugh about typical "american" family's. And how not everyone is as perfect as they seem to be.
Well thanks Stacy! Bzzzzzz!
"...conceived by Franco to embrace and mine the main themes and events in the original film." promotes his show at JF Chen?
there should be little lemmings picking away while that bar fills up. Just sayin'...
Who do you envision sharing the success of your home business in 5 years? Make sure you're working to keep them part of your life now!
That drives me nuts. Anyone who cannot distinguish the difference is an idiot.
So Romina kicked it with my boo & I today & the first thing she said was "daamn micaela, I see those marks on his neck!" Lmao. yup, Allday;*
Damn you & your mastery of the written English word. Have to start tweeting in Navajo. Hope you haven't seen "Windtalkers."
Already thinking about escaping the office for home? Check out where to get a free book on the way - Happy World Book Night!!
I just got in agent! Yay to go along with my manager....:-)
My beautiful wife and I are going to Philly to see my fam and see my bud get married
I forgot how much I like Angelika Houston
I hate bein in the hospital :(
hamburger-fried ground meat, meatloaf-baked ground meat, meatballs-boiled ground meat
don't start nun with that lil girl .. Let him chill out for now
omg i love you<333 ur the best singer ever!<3
Brilliant: RT : I just rubbed a dryer sheet on my stomach so my shirt wouldn't stick to my rolls. I think I've hit a new...
Jael De Pardo omg i'm in love you
Cool! I need a video loop of my music videos done 4 a listenin party Im doin n Vegas. 1 vid from beta & 1 youtube need 2b ripped.
woulda only cost a jewasian like me like 65 because we are cheap and can't see that good, so it coulda been 75
We agree, you must.
#USMNT Did you get a chance to play with while he is back training? And would you like to join him at
Oooohhh! Sounds wonderful! My current novel is set in the desert. SE Arizona. Where's yours?
Ha! Fran Lebowitz said place in New York called 'Bonjour Croissant' would be 'Hello Toast' in Paris.
Having a great time at the lbctweetup at Hard Rock!
just getting home after a full day of #realestate, #bearnecessities and #gtl with :) now to get some rest before #pipedream tech!
You thought you could have me whenever you damn please
#4famouswords Stop drop and roll
just watchd hit 4 bp bombs in a row!
Micros are limited in off site sales RT : Is there an ordinance against beer gardens at farmers markets?
Happy Birthday mom! Muahh. Love you<33
They told me never fall in love It never works out in your favor You way too young
M. Chocolate! :)
I wish I favorited all of these
You messing with the wrong twin!
HDDT audience members for this weekend's performances of Cleopatra, CEO. will be entered to win a free margarita Downtown LA!
Thanks for the good wishes!
TONIGHT- Sol Caribe goes on from 7-11 pm at
yeah, it's pretty cool right?
you're trippin me out bc I went into deep thought about after I saw Rihanna's IG photo w him #youreadmymind <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
I don't want to login with Google, and I don't have a facebook.
fell asleep&was just abruptly woken up again by a loud buzzing noise in my bed thanx to a certain something.scared the crap out of me!LMAOOO
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
and it was Maryland not Wisconsin.
Truth is: That I miss you honey... No matter what could happen I'm always gonna love you..
it's fucking awesome
If you are following us & we're not following you, LET US KNOW! We want to return the favor.
Can you remind me of the name of the online learning course you mentioned - something like "med coop"? thnks
I found Ms. Right ----> My Queen, The woman of my dreams, the future mother of my kids , my future wife ....
We aint gotta sex tonight just give me those slow kisses-
there's just a few things I'm having trouble with. I just hope they don't ask about them on the test hahah
Life is a movie script. Act accordingly
Beer and/or wine 30 Twitpic - Share photos on Twitter
So excited to see in Royal Oak - 1st time seeing an electro show in a smaller venue #headasplode?
i am feeling this ... mazel tov!!
this is total bs. #pussinboots got jobbed
RT : ma'am! Me and are looking for u and later at "Cheers"! <- I missed the memo. What's going on?
Leaving Candlestick Park may take a couple of hours but seeing Cowboys win makes it all worth it.
Scratch that, they're not opening today until 6. Raincheck!
Get your "blue steel" pose warmed up & your action shots ready- cause tomorrow is picture day for WAKA CA Capital Kickballers!
Hey there...happy to have you following. Thank you:
I'll see u tomorrow big bear for sure
This game is making me way too nervous.
and then you bagging those digits lmaoo
so cute
for sure. Doing great and u
Hot links sound so good right now omg
So thankful for those who I truly love
Goodnight! Sleep well!
Hey, what's worse than seeing a Davey Richards match and bitching about it? NOT being able to see a Davey Richards match and bitch about it!
Sigh, just found out my hairstylist is moving to Vegas. Told her it's a mistake. Dont go.Only bcuz I am selfish. No honestly BOL Simone xoxo
Oh...and not one...damn....paid vacation in that time frame! Showed up sick, hobbling...didn't matter. Smh
End 7: King 2, Churchill 2. Going extras. Churchill leads series 1-0. King playing extra to try and force an extra game.
oh ok(: I'll follow anyone who i think has awesome taste in music.
sounds gd!! talk to you Thursday babe!! I wake ^ late so NEtime after noon lol kisses (let me knw party day since its sunday)
I have no lifee so if u wanna lose at horse I turned pro llike two days ago at it B-)
Rossco is out on his construction site south of Dallas... wish him luck
I guess I should start heading to school
I so am w/u, I thought he was the best out of all of them. I know he will get a record deal.
Just tuning in. I see my #Bulls are handling business so far. Let's close it out fellas
Don't ever be afraid to say I love you..if that's how you feel of course!
How can you rip Nantz? Takes me back years and he is a jack of all trades. Dramatic? Yes, he should be! He is wonderful!
Charles Yu recalling Gibson's musing last night about what the future will think of us?
I'm a Knicks fan and I was asking if I can join the
thanks for spreading the word guys!
So basically Brianna just outted Vicky for being a cheater. Brilliant!
2012 film watching! #57. Bonnie and Clyde (Penn, 1967). Rewatched this on blu ray, fantastic transfer to one of the coolest films ever made.
An interesting blind spot. Any reasonable basis for valuing Udoh as a player should undercut Monta's worth entirely.
I should have my share.
Yes, I noticed I wrote thanks goodness, clearly I need a few days off.
RTRTRTRTRT “: Guys have it so much easier than the girls. While you are getting ready I'm playing Xbox. #prom2012”
Perkins with and (hash tag) #LizGlover ;)
I need to develop my fisheye film soon
dude she's in cloverfield.
Next time, I'll consider a vacation destination that's in my spell checker. Man that's annoying. Sorry,
RT Can #oomf help me reach 100 followers by 11:58 pm tongiht... I just need four more
I love that code snippet, I am totally going to use that in a side project I am working!
goodnight love:)
Highly recommend The #Avengers at the #IMAX 3D!
lol so what you up too
Didn't know JT was actually funny. 3-Way (The Golden Rule) (feat. Justin Timberlake & Lady Gaga)...
Thanks Bec! Glad my character was hungover and slept in his car last night. I was so method...
Visiting Fellow Fr. Laurenti Magesa shares progress on his book "What Is Not Sacred? African Spirituality & Its Contribution to World Order"
#thatawkwardmomentwhen someone from high school is on the bike next to you at the gym
Thanks for the follow! My life’s passion is empowering others to build wealth for themselves...and NOT someone else.
so yea...any news with your dad and everything with Atlanta Concert? or totally no...haha
I hope you only wiped your hands with that!
great performance tonight at the Listening Room!
This CD is taking forever to finish but we are almost done. It comes out March 30th!!!
My 14 y/o cousin is trending on Twitter because is following her. congrats
And if you haven't seen #CabinInTheWoods yet, are you going to?
Check out our Facebook page! Please share.
How about I get a night without crazy dreams? I didn't drink jaeger before bed, so I think I held up my end of the bargain.
I'm hungry.
I should have more CD's up in by this weekend. They'll be free.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> “: I'm so happy #Dallas #Summer2012 #HYFR”
i feel like she'll keep two on!
I don't care I will always be on Justin's side. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Apparently my Klout score went up again. WTF does that even mean?
I feel like dying. Idk why. I havent felt like this since before I discovered Austin. Im scared. I usually have good thoughts. Wht happened?
Marcus touched on some key facts. Kids are so picky when it comes to food..
With tending and tasting 3 wines today, I'm probably gonna need a nap sometime.
there's a song i wanna learn on guitar & there's no tutorial anywhere for it, and i just figured out the intro by ear! (: (:
#mla12 #s450 started with Pound's last Drafts and Fragments Cantos.
When I had long hair I used to steal shower caps from hotels so I wouldn't have to buy them. Weird, I know!
God's Kitchen tonight....MY FAV!!! CANT WAIT ;)
That final minute in the morning when you need to decide if you make the train or fix those darn hair antlers you woke up with.
Ugh. Dammit. Too bad Providence couldn't just sub in for these three games...
You are so right. Monday's need no box!
Golf cart ride, whuddup doe!
you doing the history novel shit? I already did two, five to go. -.-
Ok I must get off twitter now, man-u match on tape delay in the states. WTF Fox.
Stop reading trollumnists. I stopped years ago. They're the weeping sores of society and won't heal if you keep picking at them.
One of my key COPE questions answered: hybrid journals not eligible. (other ? is how much of $ coming from which budget)
Road tripping with to Spence Farm
Stopping in to check out your place this weekend. Looking forward to those Duck Fat Fries!
With Congress, Every Time They Make A Joke It's A Law; And Every Time They Make A Law It's A Joke.
na it ain't deep it' looks Normal to me now my belly button is deep!
Forgot to put product in my hair today.
:-/! What was the thing about thinking where the ball is going instead of reacting to where it is?
let's collect and compare
187when I leave the parking lot 365when my tires skidded out
Better understated than overstated. Let people be surprised that it was more than you promised and easier than you said. – Jim Rohn
Caven Canem Writer's Retreat. I'm comin' for that ass.
I'm pretty sure that Darren's a bigger supporter of Korean baseball than I am...
#FollowFriday shout out:
Warming Up for some great football
I'll tell you on yahoo email okay :)
Hi John! I'd like to send you a press release. Would you mind DM'ing me your email address?
Every THURS this month: KUAF Fulbright Summer Chamber Music Festival. See music.uark.edu for times and locations.
Tweet your thoughts, then press them to wax.
Who's Liliana?
Happy to show (tv) around the space today!
I know I see you everyday at school and all, but I'm uber excited to hang out tonight
I just ate a Peanut M&M that didn't have a peanut in it. I bet they could market those. Call them Nutless M&M's.
SHOW TIME! Can not wait to see the dancers do their thing this afternoon. 2011 Spring Showcase @ Doherty High School 2 PM.
Just seen a pic of Tevin Campbell tell me y this guy looks the same as he did in 93 lol
Still not a Slurpee. #fail :)
ik its a group disesion they shouldnt leave him out and megan is always yelling at him ugh she is so bossy grrrr
At the AMA Cause Conference today, great keynote about #nonprofit storytelling this morning!
Issa to DOJ: "Documents you shared...were heavily redacted, to the point that the redactions were laughable. Literally."
Had such a good time at nationals! Now NASHVILLE! Going to shop and then to Elliot's cd release!:)
#Tools Engineers wanted for studios all over the country.
Never underestimate the power of the perfect pair of jeans- if you've got those, the rest of your look will fall into place.
for sure!
I've given up on FF a while ago. Chrome is primary. After 1 day using IE9, it looks pretty good.
You can now follow our 1st indie feature from scripting to release! Support independent film & Colorado filmmaking
Christopher Hitchens, why did you have to die before I discovered and met you?
Great play by Ian Stewart.
Grab a Coffee Cake muffin and a iced or hot Coconut Oolong before heading to work
draft plan to transition from MARC by Sept 2011 #cataloging #alcts webinar.
I mean you look really good!
Come on. Please no more cyber-Monday emails.
Re: Uthoff -- is it still April Fool's or is Bo trying to make buddy Phil Martelli look good?
In the #DarkKnight, why does Bruce Wayne disguise his voice when he's talking to Lucius Fox??? He knows Bruce Wayne is Batman....
There are times when I am more than happy to have my bracket busted...this is one of those times. #anyone>duke
Nowhere else, this is our home -- Scott Wing
Going to eggham the m25 is a car park
then put it through the L2
RT : Kegs and eggs has started. Food smells terrific. Chow all you can eat and 2 drinks for $17!! What? You heard me.
We've changed our default skin. Trying out a darker but more professional look.
In case you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a brilliant person you could have been.
Love Family time! :)
I miss you already!
Re: Flash. Flash is occasionally necessary for HTML5 things on non-compliant browsers (Looking at you IE!)
what is this
Class borin azz fux fina vibe n zone out
Watched the balloon fly off Leonard's today then chased it down I-27
Thanks for the follow you hot thing! Give me a shout out to your readers, won't you?
For a free beer party at CRISP: What is the oldest brewery in America? First to answer correctly wins!
Going to paint.
yes he was. Tough loss but at least it was to someone interesting and entertaining
At the beginning of my July 4th vacation in the Pines!
- for real?
Nothing like the open road
If you want to hang with Moose on the Party Deck at the Rhinos game this Sat call us now 222-9800. 1st person to call wins a pair
Welcome back! We missed you!
. just found out you were tweeting... A little heartbroken I wasn't notified personally. Don't worry, I'm over it.
Diyarbakir. Hung out in the middle of the Dicle River and took photos of little Kurdish kids who wanted my money – all of it. Ne guzel.
good morning have a great day and weekend
My RAs will never know how lucky they are--all they have to do is the actual content analysis itself.
johnny in the #tweetgame?
Notable and conspicuous, Beverly
An Olympic love story that sparked a fashion empire
Nope, I don't believe it. I only have a sister.
oh my god my eyes are so shifty. maybe I am a fugitive of the law.
Meet others who enjoy a fit lifestyle at freesweat.com
An old friend invited me fa drinks dis weekend with her friends
Fear Factor..
Learn something amazing every day
IM A HUGE FAN OF UR MUSIC, I SHOWED MY UNCLE TEDDY RILEY UR VIDEOS A FEW MONTHS BACK, LOVE UR SOUND...
#thingsblackpeopletakeseriously talking on the cellphone while driving this is a necessity and preferably in the fast lane
dunkin it is, plus they are cheaper!
One more fookin love song il be seeeeecckkkkk
This all makes perfect sense to me... if you love #RPDR you are allowed to love all sorts of other wonderful things & tweet it out
Working on a plan for the library's facebook page. How do you use your facebook page? Any suggestions?
Um, UR the one that kept replyinq. I didn't take it so hard, Gosh. >_<
•I trip every time I see you or hear your name. I guess I really did fall for you
go eat.
Hope your scribe enjoyed his stay in Portland. Sorry I missed his reading
I'm having mid-week syndrome
I love
i can do this.
I don't understand how black people love them though.
If a "Bubba" can win the prestigious Masters Tournament then women should be allowed 2 become members at that same Augusta golf course PIGS!
I hate it when my sons eat something I've saved just for me
I love 's new song with Damian Marley, but I can't understand a word he's saying.
I don't want middle school to end. Just the classes.
we invited you but you neglected to show up. We're still crying over that
Accept that difficult feelings are part of the process.
#culturalmuseums enjoyed your poem. I agree we have to speak out without being worried of what will happen to us.
that's good! i'm glad you're doin better! didn't you move near caeley or somethin? lol
and I would like to visit us and Pretty please with a cherry on top!
I didn't change you just never knew me.
accidentally deleted ch. 16 of Taylor Issues D':
All my followers someone keeps hacking my account do Me a favor and follow me at .
Actually worked with Jay on two comedy skits he's cool! but I know he doesn't remember, not yet at least! LOL..
yea in a way. Who's ur favorite band?!?
Nice! I was Field Artillery 1998-2001 so prefer the tune of Howitzers...and paperwork.
of corse we can :)
could the "dark matter" thought to cause galaxies to rotate faster than expected be simply un-illuminated baryonic matter?
I got a twitter pep-talk from a Ms. thanks lady!
Under Pres Bush we terrorized nations and Americans alike by stripping away their freedom, you fucking asshole
Note to Kentucky State Senate President David Williams, it is not the Governor's fault you are not liked here.
Ready to hit the streets of Rosenberg today! Have a great day you all!
Back in Vancouver this week. Excited to see all of my NBA Street pals
video shoot tomorrow...must not look fat.
Talking vs. Communicating. Be accessible. Quality not quantity of message.
3" snow in MN“: . happy transplant to DC. Love this burg, but DC locals are weather wusses. This is a pleasant shower.”
Boy meets girl. Earth meets knees.
yea its soo crazy to me
i have my ticket but i need another ill get it.
Crying because I miss Austream so much<3
Parents say kids need more color on their plates. So kids must be confused when their parents tell them they can't have skittles for dinner
Guess Vandersloot is the new Palin? He better put his wig on! TCOT GOP victims R pathetic, what next will Vandersloot have a reality show?
a very valuable message to all those sun worshipers out there!
Switched my car insurance to Progressive. $200 less than my geico. Wow. I'm so impressed.
Thanks! And we actually have one, we just don't focus too much on it. All our songs pictures etc can be found on our site or fb
Hows writing going? I cant wait 2 hear some of the songs! :) xx
Getting re-tweeted feels like feeding the ego a watermelon Jolly Rancher.
Jammin to bieber's and breezy's song ladies love mee (; shit go hard
It's annoying when people ask the same questions
What up party peeps?!
ooh, that sounds cool! :)
That was cute. Lol. RT : The shampoo head and shoulders should make a body wash called knees and toes
Sitting in labcorp is a great way to spend your morning. -_________-
No work for you
#post Palm Beach Post staffers win 10 awards from the Florida Society of News Editors
Twitter account hacked today if you receive a DM from me "Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here" Please Don't Open!
Pressure Washers: Oregon Scientific Wmr80a Weather Station ...
Trading in my truck for a more fuel efficient vehicle. I will miss my giant truck.
How strange that my linkedIN profile was viewed 13 times in the past 7 days and I showed up in search results 13 times in the past day. SO…
Oh well if there on too goodnight .. Its 11:19 here probably like 8 where u are :0 nighty night <3
Stamp Out Hunger! Put non-perishable food in a bag by mailbox Sat, May 12! Letter carrier will pick up! Items donated to Gleaners! RT
That was me on a subway platform earlier today. Happens.
haha not wise to wear while drinking either. For the same reason
ah cant wait for dreamchasers 2
I'm gonna need an expert opinion. And Google. Which one is ADORABLE?
For the most part, they are very, very nice, and I am very lucky to be able to spend time in a casual environment.
Yeah That's It Im Sorry Bet You Don't Remember Mine.!
It's the end of our second week in the new building...it's starting to look like home!
I think about that shit everyday breh!
Baylor must have PTSD from the Branch Davidians incident in Waco a few years back.
Been jammeng to #FLAME ALL DAY LONG, I LOVE THAT SONG.
No guy is worth your tears & the one who is won’t make you cry.
it's been nice. A little breezy lately, makes it sort of cool if you're not outside running or whatever.
So why isn't my gmail down? oh no did i just curse myself?
Wow! Have fun on your trip!!
Let's go my bulls!
maybe you can have your original request as consolation :-)
Sold out show last night with AND we got to meet Pinhead (Doug Bradley) from Hellraiser, who took part in the show!
Luxury Car Program @ Yoli! Awesome! Choose your own car, seriously?
Steak Tonight! Get over here. Open for lunch at 11am Tuesday - Friday.
in puerto rico they have black people that speak spanish, so this means they mexican too???
Tell me something...where your Boss at?
is celebrating 1000 followers with a great polish giveaway!
is less than a mile from today's pop up! What is your favorite Baltimore attraction?
I don't want to go to school. >:(
Morning Donna! I know Sophia has been busy with her modeling and upcoming movie roles. cc;
Does anyone truly care for the broken hearted or do they simply pass right on by while the heavens open up from my eyes
if you are a small <4 team and new to SF then check out before RS. Happy to discuss. CEO
I've been a big lame-ass and not tweeting the past few days. Look for more exciting sex-loving action this week! :)
Haven't said this in a min, but um- Boston!!
Stuck in traffic on 894EB 2day?Sheriff's office looking into whether crash was OWI related, witnesses say driver was going more than 100 MPH
#ff the special prize in the cereal box not being a fucking sample of instant coffee
Hope you all have restorative Labor Days!! Are you ready for New Mexico Jazz Stories?? John Rangel is first up. October 6th!!
I concur. RT : excllnt! RT : BTW Today I'm finishing up my second batch of corned beef. Love your spice rcp .
9th inning runs
Happy 1 year anniversary to my favorite guy winning American Idol Season 10 :) so happy for you and your continuous growth!
Some of my photos will be running later on tonight in Galo Magazine. Keep your eyes peeled for the photos and article tonight
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 353
congratulations! Work that
I can't hide whats real
What exactly is going through ARods mind? He looks terrible at the plate. Lost.
Many thanks to for an excellent #cunydhi session. What a great close to our first year! Thanks to all who submitted questions!
PSP Vita...no thanks I'll pass.
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things, to compete.
Yo ! We are at #jazzfest2012 and ready to rock!! Bring it!!
Yes! RT : "If you're going to pray for God to make the sun stand still, u'd better be ready to march all night."
Hey gurlss :D
Wearing my Hoodie Allen merch....ordering a Scrublife shirt...the works :D
And good ain't good enough, and your hood ain't hood enough Spent my whole life putting on, you spend your whole life putting up
gotcha, unfortunately that happens, but we'll get you the right one. Let me know if you don't hear back from our CS team today.
we'll have to meet up.
oh, man, I love the original... Hoping the new one doesn't disappoint. With that cast, how could it??
it's my b day today. I would love a tweet from my favorite hwonyc:)
luh bro bday today ion no
Who’s hungry?!!
One-eyed iphoning
In general, I'd start with why your API exists: a public, supported API needs dedicated clients beyond whatever UI you build
Don't except me to not get pissed while you're fooling around in the drum closet while I'm actually trying to practice.
srsly, three boxes of tissues. in three days. and I'm not done yet.
Lol she says i like to play mind games...?
realy bummed it was cloudy so I couldn't photograph the super moon :(
some people think one day computers will be smarter than people except people are not very smart
#lemonaids RT : I WANT SOME LEMON AIDS"
Good head ^.^
RT : votes against keeping college affordable for students - again sides with the Tea Party
oh, you're a shaker for sure
I wanna do one of those "My Story..:" videos...I'm scared tho. A lot of people get hate & stuff.
my guess is that the next big app will take 2 years. Simply put we live in exponential times!
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 48
Thanks for the follow Muthu!
lol yea yea... What u up to
The code you write helps or damages your resume. The choice is up to you. Don't think people aren't watching.
Nice Jeep brother. Yours?
o ok that might be why they are so special
In that case, get a fake ID. Just kidding, don't tell your parents I said that.
You made it to Santa Cruz? Beautiful! I've been there a couple of times, and getting a job at UC Santa Cruz would be a dream.
RT : I was just introduced to join.me for doing a screenshare from - coolest fast easy screenshare ever! Wow!
Ahahaha! Thanks for the shout out tweet lol and thats cool. And how was that movie u saw Thursday?
Who needs an alarm clock when you can have #earthquake to get you going. Another one in SF this a.m. M3.6.
Can't believe I will be getting married next year :)
Why am I suddenly subscribed to a linkcat -survey email list? Subscribing me without my permission is NOT COOL.
This hacking Isaiah twitter early inna a.m :)
I love Tampa<3
You may not be the one but you the one that I desire
Different era, not as much desire to keep an old (boys) system alive like the bowls RT I happened in hoops really quickly no?
Love her, spoil her, wine her, dine her, kiss her, wife her, appreciate all of her, respect her, make her smile, make her happy!
Worst part about this result is that I have to see way too much of caliparis face on espn the next few days
ay record his fight so i can watch it on monday
I MISS YOU TOO WE NEEDA HANG
What is there in life except one’s ideas, Good air, good friend, what is there in life? -Stevens
Pugs in a sock. It's Thursday. :)
We don't need the feedback or guidance, but everybody loves inspiration.
Ballad of Gay Tony,huh??...#NoHomo??..lolololololol..
is that a coffee machine!?
great word man! Can I get a follow please?
That's a lot of books! Thanks Joe!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
stay up BP! tonight my 6 yr old little girl says "that's brandon Phillips I love his smile" when you came to bat in the 1st!!!
Come out to g/r/a/n/d in Stamford, CT tonight. Spinning from 10pm to 1am! No cover- 15 Bank St, Stamford, CT!
It is raining but is still signing! come on by for your signed copy, boiled peanut hummus, pimento cheese & pickles!
Some pictures that I see on Instagram. WOW. Lol.
Not much different in the Olympic world either...
- J I hope all of your ms. pac man practice at the studio paid off!
If you're looking for work in the library profession, check out I Need a Library Job (). Get on the email list too!
'''Project Party Friday''
How could you not love a heart who's form is purest gold.
where is the puppy? I expected a puppy!
txt me!
#Knicks ..grab the bulls by the horn..just not #Rose he is one bull you dont want to piss off..
Best of Bacon #4: Twice Baconed Potatoes
Festival starts Thursday! Sunset Boulevard; Frontera Bugalu LIVE; The Good, The Bad, and The Indie! Get yer tickets.
I BETTER SEE YOU OUT THERE GETTING SLAMMED TO SKYNYRD!!!!
I like to consider myself a one-man wolfpack
thought on learning analytics: isn't it hypocritical to berate Google for using student data in G Apps and then higher ed (1/2)
WOW! Broadcast Minds 2012 was OFF THE HOOK! Thanks to You guys were fantastic!
It's because she knows better...
Gravity is a law, people. And any lawbreakers will be brought down!
Cops and Mustaches - What's the connection?
Anyway. Gonna go rob a bank. Have fun!
Whatching the blair witch project
Skin as white as snow and lips as red as blood.
It's all about the glorification and protection of criminals. Poverty and education are also at fault.
hello! TY for the follow!
Hey Sherri I enjoy watching the View so much I sent you a free sample of my moisturizing candle (Mia Joy Candles) ENJOY!
Rain? Really CO? -__- I think God is playing tricks on me lol
REAL TALK. If you're not following on here, you're fucking up. Man of a million awesome words. \m/
I dont ship Diall..go ahead and say what you want, but that wont make me change my mind.
is getting ready for Chicago and Print 09
The off-season allows me to do movies, but I'm not tired of TV yet
congrats on the #'s
Thank you mother for the music downloaded on my computer. What better way to wake up then to blaring Bruce Hornsby?
God does u a favo when u loose certain peoples numbers.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need. ~Vernon Howard
No chance on Saad. Id be shocked. The Kreider thing is a pretty rare. Plus wouldn't Hayes get the next call?
If only you knew you mean the world to me every time I see you I cant stop smiling and my heart beats faster and faster when you get close..
Well hopefully I passed that final. I am offically a nervous wreck
great day so far(:
Lmao I love you bitch
My friends have a 6yr old daughter who chose herself to be Vegetarian at age 5. Parents are carnivores. Kind of wild!
"Weezy F Baby and the F is for “forget it" #LilWayne - Hands Up ( My Last ) <3
Wats good You guys forgot A.S.A.P Rocky On this year Freshman Cover 2012!
I'm alot diffrent at home than i am at school......and thats because people expect me to be a certain way.....it's hard not to be myself
socialcam is brutal
fajitas for dinner even thought it's practically 9:00 \m/
Thanks, and thanks for the re-Tweet! Hope to see you sometime this weekend!
It's raining outside. Good night to #gobowling. You won't miss #bedlam as we will have the game on the big screens. Who's going to win?
#alamw12 Virtually shakes jazz hands watching for announcements
Agreed. A team's performance will drive attendance and increased Twitter mentions. Not other way around.
Not sure. But my handsome-ass grandfather would want me to join. (Thanks, Pop-Pop.)
Great time at #COSN2012. Can't begin to explain the amount of knowledge and partnerships built. Back to Indiana with ideas and inspiration.
The weather here in ABQ. is great right now this morning the skies were cloudy & gray. I did not take any pictures of balloons.
Today I dropped at least 5 references to alum and his #ultralightstartup book debut.
Who knew a blog and a book could get you into so much hot water?
thanks & love you too <3
Fight for this Love.
It's hard to be a Jet fan, huh?
Late night Taco Bell & Walmart sesh. #OnlyInAmerica <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
What does the Think Pink sell like?
lol! i'm loving this #community episode too :)
i love twitter ! <3
His profile says as much. Skip Bayless wannabe #terrible RT #trollsohard RT Its 2-0...is this #brewers game now over?
you're not exactly hurting for options in UT!
Life feels better when you get a chance to talk with a collaborator for a few moments. Posting to the world a re-vamped Omeka site shortly.
two things, what church do you go to and why is service on Friday night?
Disgusted with the blatant lies and mistruths from obama - spend billions AND cut the deficit by half????....
u been actin strange, u ok?
check my new site and follow me on twitter!! www.nwboatsports.com
yes!! Please!!
Thanks for the link Emily!
I don't think I can do this shit anymore. It hard to be nice and shit always fuck shit up at the end.
Hi Jessica
please contact me at your earliest convenience. Want to help. U need to use this thing right here!!!
I agree. Some acts & relationships shouldn't be sold, you know. Takes away the purity.
You are the best. At EBR, i think you won in all the battles. I'm a big fan of yours
Hungry :/ but I need to sleep. I've got brunch tmr!! And sleep to catch up on! #growlingstomach $
Hooray! I will text you.
Watching the United game from work. Go Athletic Bilbao !
Because I have you monkey man <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092>“: Happy Birthday You are the best!!!”
Hey webdevs, what makes you the most productive?
Lol where do you wanna go?
#astd2012 if communication is key why is it so hard for some people to jump in to the deep end?
"i CAN'T THANK YOU ENOUGH. GREAT PRODUCT AND SERVICE YOU A ++" - Paula from Yonkers, New York
Sing like they can't hear Live without fear!
Just passed 300 Likes! Thanks for the interest and support!
what's the catch
how's it going?!
At checking out our good friend Maya's new band SAFEWORD
make one my way please. Thank you
That's a good one (in answer to our questions yesterday about artists under the influence of Rick. RT : Tone LOC
Osweiler is reminiscent of Roethlisberger at times. Very raw though. I think he needs at least two years to develop.
Definitely. Then feed breadcrumbs to the birds in the infield.
you go girl with your black ass
Omg, dylan I know what you are going through. I am so sorry. If you need to talk I am here. I will always be here for you<3
Look it's Friday already!
Don't think you can play Julie out no sir
Race After Dark tonight at Zuma Fun Centers!! Unlimited Go-Karts, Bumper Boats & Golf for only $15.99...starts at 8pm tonight!
#FF for recent followers
hey dude! :-D
FOllow BaCK
I'm gunna cry when I listen to "Turn To You." I cannot wait to hear it though!
what thoroughbred you taking today, or is it bad luck to say?
the guy from jersey shore is Ronnie
need help?
Oh whattta day ;)
We've approached Rodrigo y Gabriela to be in the film, keep your fingers crossed.
1234 some crazy ass kids come and knock up on your door so . . Let 'em in.
It is very nice for March here in the Windy City and It will be crazy everywhere!
Awesome! We can go in Carmen's
Making a billion plans + making zero moves = a recipe for disaster. (in my most ratchet voice) Execute them hoes!!! Lol.
Milk Shakes made from Blue Bell ice cream… yummy
It's al about that profit margin, straight gangsta shit \m/
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
Excited to hear Francis Chan in chapel this morning, watch online at live.apu.edu 9:30am for you east coasters that's 12:30
Going to Turner Hall to listen to some of my favorite tunes of 1985
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Eden Landwermeyer on the 12U team for joining us in our 2012 sand program.
We second that! RT : Amen : "Brands need to operate in culture, not in their category"
Tom Barrett is on The Ed Show on MSNBC right now.. tune in for an update on the campaign!
Chris Paul, thank you for coming to the LA
Last day of classes for the semester, had an epic time at the USC Fountain Run 2012! A day I will never forget!
homework is done!
Us Grannies are flying to the moon... April Fools! Happy April Fools Day everyone! What pranks did you pull today?
The place closes at 5 my mom is taking her time...
RT : hey everybody i'm a mess of feelings & nerves! witness for yourselves tomorrow for PDXOXO 8p...
Made it through the day!! Just did a phone interview for "Homewrecker" now on to the gym!!
Forgot to tweet happy birthday to today (well yesterday) HAPPY BDAY TIMOS!!!
I once Put Her on a Pedastal...She has ruined that sh*t for everyone else...
What rain?! Get thee to the East Atl Farmer's market today!
hahaha, thank you <U+2665> and if you need i'm here ;)
#TextsThatGetYouScared "We need to talk."
You'll have to go downstairs to find me! I'm suffering from stage fright!
amount to something. amount to nothing. amount. destroy. recreate. retreat. repeat.
hair cut
Oh for sure, and smart if he chose to be a Bieber look-alike.
I can handle a challenge. What's up?
nice way to
Lilly wine glasses and Lilly gift wrap and Lilly iPhone case and Lilly stationary.
N that moment when ur just about to give up and boom. There's effort and u didnt even say anything about it
Uberrrr stoked, just bought red dead redemption for my Xbox :D
Great design. Why you choose the flip format?
Just had a great dinner with great friends.
you going to Indy Glazier?
Definitely. Eli did a good job in that skit. Funny stuff.
I want to hug you right now for this statement.!!!
that rave >>>
If you all haven't been to yet, give it a look, excellent content!!!
Fact is either you real or you not$
me too! i am way to stressed!
Herbal Remedy for Low Sperm Count Natural Cure - PDF: by: olivia, 2 pages. Natural Health And Wellness - Home Remedy For Depression ....
To those who judge me on who I talk to, the people I like, the things I waste my time on, my opinions,my appearance, my mistakes. FUCK YOU!!
I think I ran over a hornets nest mowing - he didn't seem to want to be friends
Thank you for the inspiring music through the years. May God bless the Houston family. Rest in God. #Whitney Houston
To know oneself, one should assert oneself -Albert Camus
Moving phase two: first truck at the MICA warehouse!
Once on April fools day I pretended like I was going to kiss this guy, then I punched him in the balls and shouted "APRIL FOOLS."
Blake came to play
I think it's part of today. Check them out on the oval!
Bill Bryson is on his fourth page of making stair design and falls interesting.
This woman is crazy
Day 3 of the video shoot.....let's go!!
Trying to understand why MLS guy said hardcore women soccer fans are turnoffs. Took me 10 yrs to find a sport my wife loves.
I get upset when others do to me what I wouldn't do to them then I remember they have to live with their karma, and I get mine.
also, WHERE WAS I WHEN THEY PLAYED ALL THESE SHOWS IN AMERICA FUCK
already done ;)
Crowd-sourcing - use "the crowd" to create and promote your site.
A: While students also carry responsibility to join and socialize, it is the GSA's job to become more of a presence on campus.
Hey bro, you must have "watched" Kuroda pitch yesterday! Shame on you, caus we lost...! Lol!
Ladies if u gon be a hoe be a paid hoe..make these niggas give up some cash shid pay a bill, car note or something STRAIGHT UP!
Thinking about Michael Carter and all he taught me. I am thankful for his Hope and Love he gave to Baltimore.
lol good answer
You know its really funny how you say you hate this person and then you go the next day and you act all buddy buddy wit them #seriously?
Thanks for your birthday wishes, and your vote!
Awesome. Nice moves Melissa.
At some cheese tactic backyard ho down.
Would be nice to see you both there! RT : No different visit-IMW Vini di Sicilia hosted tour but tell me about PVD?
Careful your the only Crystal I got!
Sometimes I like to thumbs down a perfectly good song on Pandora, just to remind it who's in charge.
when are you going to have another gluten free class?
awesome!!!! The show starts doors open 8 but it probably won't start till 9ish or 9:30
Sub in English can't even work the computer
No way! Who do you like the best on #Shahs ?
feeling good two out of three bags are sucessfully on the fan
Padres need to start ordering heat balm in bulk. This is the answer to their offensive woes.
Long productive day at the studio... excited for the weekend so we can keep working #waitaminutethatsnotfun www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
um followon u
right??? LA for hang time then SD for Mal's Bach party (not the composer).
Omfg Jack's like great guys who invited Alex omfg I'm dying
hahaha!!! “: #BREAKING: Santorum endorses Romney, says `above all else' they agree that Obama must be defeated. (AP)”
Took a 2 hour walk down the deserted beach at sunset tonight. It started raining, I got soaked, and didn't even care. I feel renewed.
We'll be featuring our Individual Dulce De Leche Cheesecakes on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Yum!
PLEASE FOLLOW IT'S MY STORES SITE PLEASE SHOW US SOME LOVE!!! ;)
Late night episodes of #OTH (:
#i312m5 Er... aren't the fines already pretty harsh?
oh hush!!
I am entirely grateful for and for agreeing to my last minute photo request today. Thank you!
I agree about Fieri, and I hate his jewelry too.
Don't you mean colder than? ; )
You are funny. I am fine.
I'm not yet a multimillionaire, but I do have a pretty awesome program logistics spreadsheet.
RT :Congratulations Coach Ken Frank on becoming the all time wins leader amongst baseball coaches in the state of New Jersey
Add ass-kicking and skirt-wearing to the list of things you do well.
me too, ALWAYS
Hey ;DD Follow Me & Thaa Bestfriend !! <3 Please With Strawberries On Top (;
Starnicka - fought with mom - had to move - in college - not homeless?
yeah somewhere last year he fell off RT : Roy Halladay is nowhere near Verlander's level anymore.
I'm not afraid to love someone, i'm afraid of not being loved back.
Fantastic presentation on linked data by Jon Voss today! The project will be using
27th in Long Beach, and I'm not sure...
#ImSingleBecause every time I put my heart into sometimes hands I get hurt :/
Fossilized datives make me insanely happy.
I like to pick and choose what lessons I take from her. Like we probably should for all books.
Congrats on graduating!!! That's awesome & thanks for the two #FF. We retweeted! :)
Yeah Jersey!!
Will be live on Tomorrow at 6p-9pm will be live in the building for a AutoBot Takeover!!!!!!
Fine leather goods.
Yay! (Some lesbians, and others, love gay/masculine porn too. Just wondering!) Thanks! :-)
WHAT are you doing at 6am?! Why?!
Taking care of some errands and getting prepped for the day's festivities.
“Ew, it smells like a disease!” — Zora, after picking up something from the ground & holding it to her nose.
scotland on sunday AIRSOFT TRIPLE OUTTAKE VIDEO POLAND, SCOTLAND :)
observe and report is horrrribbbblllee don't waste ur time
KG got nothin to say: he left it all out there.
I FUKKIN HATE DRIVING.
Tv signal. PLEASE COME BACK. I BEG YOU!
Unfortunately, the auditing world doesn't differentiate between 5:00 on Friday and any other week day. Just getting off work.
I'm about tho take a trip in a minute
Hamburgers, hotdogs, 7 layer salad, tator tots! It's what's 4 dinner! Then SPHS play w/Will. Gets xtra credit in drama 4 going.
gettin' good stuff done!
well..,there were some small changes...
omg remember how much fun we used to have at work we was stupid now that I look back on it lol in club finish line
I done sumthn real stupid and I need help to fix it
I hope so. I'm working on getting that Klout score up to territory.
so I shouldn't share with you the high-res macro shots of my lower face I'll be taking this month for no-shave november?
That's some great stuff! RT Created a Twitter - just so I could Tweet from the PR&Social Media Summit
www.hairgynesis.com tree braids in miami at first impression salon 4044523479
So mUch for getting to bed at a decent time
I want to be in a industry where I touch lives, any suggestion?
I didn't upload it! Ajay did
Good morning radiant & beautiful sunshine! :-)
he is going to withdraw! watch
can't its time for work
Stefano Salvinin comes to Montaluce from the Campodelsole #Winery,in Bertinoro, Italy
You need to come over! We'll swirl you a treat! RT : never had it yet but I hear a whole lot about it.
Lets go! Where do we start?
Just one more social network to congratulate you guys on :) Seriously jumped up and yelled 'Yay' when I saw this!
Douglas H. Williford named El Cajon's new city manager. Acting CM Rob Turner to go back to directing city's Public Works
hey this is mike blotzers band, son of bobby from ratt. RT us!!!
aww I'm sorry to hear abt the loss that's always hard but I'm glad I inspired you to overcome it:-)
maybe like 100million ha
We think he might be rat terrier/whippet. He's NOT a pug! Denny found the poor baby, no collar, no chip :-(
Thanks to all the sponsors and supporters of #Phorum12! Bar is open! See you all there!
RAKIM BROWN LEAVING EASTERN WASHINGTON
Have you tried the 94 Rock Dirty Blonde brew by Santa Fe Brewing Co. yet???? go to www.94rock.com to get the list of bars/restaurants.
": One Direction stalking party. HOLLA." o. Can I join?
if the socks don't work homie come and join me in my new label!!!
Terri's Tuesday Tweets - Transform 2012 - Early Bird Ending - Register today extra 25% off by using code TTT25
You better come in tonite!!
I'm Delayne Hiott~Sold Very Profitable Small Biz Of 17 Yrs To Persue online marketing full-time. I Show PROOF of INCOME/STATS!2 MANY LIARS!
There's a party on 5th ave, hit me if you trynaaaa go(;
Great to know- I will certainly pass you on to our mamas!
#askkanye what do you think about you boy Che Rhymefest Smith running for Aldermen
- #Youth needs to get the means to make informed choices in life! Rahnuma Youth Center at
OL and LB right?!?
Shooting at Sutra tonight! Come hang out with some Atlantans finest!
Good luck tonight at the hospital!
RT : But those Blue Dog seats are not lost. Giffords' seat is a toss up; others lean toward Republicans but are far from decided.
i always sticking out my tongue look at my pictures lol
time to apply for internships...it never ends.
#Str8LykeDes.... Ion need em.. What been sed is has been did...
School again...
AMERRRICCCAAAAA. so jetlagged, so good to be home.
Sadness. Delivered to work & they forgot my diet coke. Felt bad for asking delivery guy to trek back just for that.
yeah now I can have all my photos with me
I know. Humm we can always take out are guns
Asdfghjkl; depressed mood
50 mile ride
its as if Vince Vaughan was trying not to be funny.
Wow...in Galveston looking at the cruise ship and oil rigs. Inspiring. The energy and logistics industry. Boom!
Thanks for liking us on Facebook. We appreciate it.
#FollowFriday better late than never. Tx for RTs and mentions to:
Today’s African Proverb (5.14.12) It is a short way in the forest, if you love the people you are going to visit. (DRC- Mongo) Like U...
sorry to hear that! Hope your day gets better. If not wine and beer and shots cure all! :-)
Portugal, I see you tempting me over there port-side, you saucy mix. Next time! Tomorrow's for Casablanca.
do you know ur way around the kitchen? how do you feel abt wearing a chef's hat?
"Girl, lemme help you..." RT : I don't know why, but I burst out laughing as soon as I saw the "lemme reach for that fabric" photo.
I like this idea. But I noticed an article in The Chronicle that warns against it.
have to agree! RT : then there is for all the latest and greatest Buzz about your fave celebs! Def a great
Quick biz meeting and off to hang posters for the MSP premiere going down at American Junky next Friday
Learning a new work process/system and plotting how much I don't know so others will have to do their job.
im going to miss you ! o: have a safe trip to new york <f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD> & take care {:
Just heard that every Mets batter came up to bat with a Beastie Boys song as their intro. That's dope!
Our favorite weekend of the year is upon us!
We shouldn't be too patient as to give the impression of having gone inactive.
TMZ runs circles around traditional news outlets when it comes to breaking news.
Thank YOU, ! You left the crowd wanting more! Not too bad for our first time and thrilled to have you as a BIG part of it!
thanks for your voet tony! make sure you spread the word to ensure your organization receives the donation!
is this a Geisha?
People are going crazy with instagram pic of the sky.
Need a New Handel Bob!
Milwaukee RT The Chancery Restaurants CONTEST MARCH MADNESS - WIN TWO TICKETS / TRAVEL PAID - 4 details GO 2 www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
Cheers, Jerry! How are you enjoying your time in San Francisco so far?
Excited to launch a fresh twitter account! We are eagerly anticipating the opening of our 2nd season production tomorrow night at Atlas PAC!
Not a tebow fan by any means but this is unbelievable
thats definitely worth it.
Our Google+ page has been updated. If your cool and hip and have a Google+ page, check us out and comment on our projects.
Thanks for the R/T!
#IfYouLetMe I'll make it right this time..
I listen to the news every morning and can usually find a class connection easily... so awesome.
I always wondered if gentlemen still existed. He changed that tonight
Want to add stunning photorealistic effects and tones to your illustrations? Learn how using #Adobe #Illustrator in #GOA2011 session 30.
i dont care. May the odds be ever in your favor!
Holy To-Do List, Batman!
Thanks for the RT LOVE>>XOX
What's going on tonight?
We're live tweeting at What's So [Bleeping] Hard About Social ROI?
“Teacher: "Get out a sheet of paper" Student: "LOOK AT ME NOW!" Teacher: "Excuse me ?" Student: "IM GETTING PAPER!"”
Excited for tonight's dinner w/ #chicago #bachelor family. We'll miss you !
What does DC Godz means and L means
Jamba juice for my final breakfast of the semester!
U got it! RT : keep the tweets coming, my only source of info on tonights game!
phil lesh & friends, , san rafael, ca. set 1: friend of the devil (JG), sittin' on top of the world (LC), doin' that rag (JG)
Sending my first phone tweet
Wow, must've spiked my holy water...I feel weird
Cadet Kelly is on <3 I've seen this movie like a billion times !
Starchy food and baked pork & beans also will produce nightmare, as will various morbid affections, such as aneurism of the large arteries.
Chillin' at a coffee shop reading scripts on a Friday night... Wouldn't have it any other way!
What the hell does that mean???? Is it like jibberish?
Thanks for following Matt.
I hate seeing people cry, it breaks my heart
Lunch break, then back out on the lake:)
#10YearsAgo I was 7, and all I cared about was turning 8
Dear President : the trillions u r ready to spend on tax cuts, can be used for unemployment benefits, let us in congress decide.
Congrats! Great time!
Hey....my baby cousin is getting mad radio play here in Pittsburgh! Gotta tell Shonee this one!
86% of mobile internet users are using their devices while watching TV!
kashi granola bars, almonds, walnuts, grapes, berries, celery and baby carrots are easy snacks to bring anywhere!
Pop-punk is what keeps me sane!
d yours pop? Mine didn't
It was great seeing both of you guys in #MarathonCity today. check out the elbow Metta World "Peace" threw earlier
I feel bad for her. I feel pissed at the people who put out into the ether the things her mind reorders and spits out again.
Thanks for the RT!! Hope you all are having a good week so far :-)
Wow ?Felon?
get out your feelings mane!
Nailed it! RT If I had my way, I'd do so much team shuffling. Clips to SD, Utah to NOLA, NOLA to Charlotte, Bobcats to Sea. =D
Triple h is with mayweather too? Mayweather got everybody with him tonight
no.... RT : BREAKING: Yankees closer Mariano Rivera injured during batting practice tonight in Kansas City. More details to come.
is success on twitter really about being loveable? (i.e. conversing all the time with your followers)
LETS GO A-ROD! WE NEED THIS!
God's Map + My Faith = An Amazing Journey
Like honestly, i don't even know how i can meet them. I have 9h row at the concert.. Not a good thing lol
I follow her but I dont know her!
i met her twice. very nice lady. i really admire that work especially when she was just a kid!
Happy new year!!!!
Owen and I are in NYC after a long drive today. We head out tomorrow to start interviewing stores and people!
Heidi is on vacation and I forgot my password.
Nothing better than starbucks with and Samantha <3
who can tell me a really awesome website where there's really cool one direction shirts for my friend to buy???!!!
If you believe making millions as a capitalist qualifies U 2 B president shouldn’t you be proud to show U have paid your fair share of taxes
Happy Birthday Man
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
she's going to win album of the year in a second now, too.
Not your fault I didn't hear about it. Let me know how it all goes!
So perfect
The research beard for Blackbeard set has 19 braids. Wonder if that has significance or maybe it's a clue to some sort of secret treasure
just told to go to sleep
Eggplant parmesan for lunch....I deserve it! I've worked for 4 days straight
Overheard at Target: She thinks she likes roasting marshmallows, but she really doesn't.
Just learned that whistling the Monday Night football song makes my kitty Bella jump in the shower with me. Yes, when it's running...
Christian Grey is all i'll ever need in this life... Oh and Pinot Grigio.
These lady's can talk about anything >_<
haha sorry :S ill try lmao! :)
sure not a problem. Feel free to contact us anytime with any questions. You can also email us at . Thanks!
Was actually just getting up to go get some when you posted that.
Just caught the last sentence and then an unanswered follow-up question... do you have a "Reader's Digest" version?
": “Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone who doesn’t even think about us for a second.” #WizKhalifa"
Congrats to all!
you sound like a keeper.
Well shoot, that's a good excuse :) have a great time!
Oh! I love date nights with my Adobe CS5.....and merlot.
#10FavouriteEminemSongs 2. When I'm Gone
"So Sessions is here to stay?" -Lakers fans
BIG NEWS! The BCH Comedian is confirmed & it will be the current host of the Late Late Show, Craig Ferguson. thank you
just ordered timothy's birthday pressy :D
They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky. They're altogether ooky. The Addams Family.
My Mom text to me say thank you for the roses that got delivered to her for Mother's Day. Sigh...
Turned out to be a beautiful day today!
Hey Joe, have fun, we had a crew there yesterday for a major scanning project. RT 3D Scanning in NYC today.
Who Are You?
U don't know Street Lit. if U don't know Street Lee! www.AuthorStreetLee.com
Damn right all kids should be in school
ugh perfection on stage tonight
If you don't care about your grades, why do you cheat.
*annoying ass dude bragging how big his dick is* Me: *points to a stop sign* that is how big mine is.. and that is if you fold it in half.
My father is so wise.
So excited that #teenlifemedia has been awarded the ! Yeah!!
Enjoyed a great meal in the capitol city of the south, Richmond Va. Old friends from high school make for a perfect evening
Whoa cowboy, that wasn't in the form of a question RT : A bird crapped in our wind chimes and made the next Bon Iver record.
The editor is back and has a great play for you coming right before todays bell stay alert
Simmer down. It was a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard!
One day I hope to have a blue check mark next to my name on here.
One more client today and then hitting the weights myself! Good strength workout planned for today
The advice is to focus one's concentration on the Consciousness that supports each and every perception, emotion and thought.
I'll be playin tmrw night, come have a listen
RT : Karmic Law: What you give is what you get.
This is our moment to define who we are as Republicans. We must not raise taxes or compromise our principles.
you should share!
they modify the NIC software so that it presents itself as a parallel SCSI device
A nice spring evening on the Square! Stop in!
Instead of getting my nails done every two weeks, I somehow manage to need to have them done every week
grazie amigo...altho just relative measurement..no green pastures yet(:)
how does it feel to be the most attractive human ever?
for those wanting to see tonight's talk we are Skyping the talk at adaptiveservices.
ok just let me know
Band name idea: Bushwhacked by Thracymachus (maybe will pass it along)
I knw that's right I would-be a pre-shopping b4 his arrival too!!! Get it girl. And like the right #snacks!!
Nice kudos from an author today: "I think you've worked a small miracle here for me, and I'm grateful."
if I ever meet him or get the chance I will go to where ever you live and take you with me
your audition?
Just voluntarily ran. Am I sick or something?
Cabin in the Woods is AMAZING!! Pure genius! Perhaps the greatest horror movie ever!
I've been having the weirdest dreams lately. Last night's dream involved crocodiles? huh?!
Cari Coats from Entrepreneurship at
Omg what even is equality tho.
NO HOLLIE. MY BABY.
Wish I could be there!
(Re: Ur Post) "Teach me how to immediately identify when I'm wasting my time or someone else's, and how to course correct."
Temptation, a man's excuse and woman's weapon
watch out for el tigre...he's back to his old ways
So true, so sad. RT : Agreed. Some people will never be accepting of interracial relationships.
Do you travel for your job? There are some great workouts you can do on the road in your hotel room...just ask!
Im so done with this bullshit
Feeling the same way I did last night
My boobs look Awesome in this new bra~! #ThatShouldGetMeAFewFollowersToPassTheBadNumber #TheyReallyDo~!
Bell: Funders have to change, esp gov't funders, to make it possible.
A Walk To Remember #favoritemovie <33
u forgot the # tag
#Makeup tip: Pressed powder foundations are great for normal to oily skin. If you have more mature or dry skin, try a liquid or cream.
thank you friend!!
why do we have a meeting? Is it like because seasonals coming on like our holiday meeting? Do we get free shirts again?!
This is the Part Of Me that you're never gonna ever take away from me!!!
Ditto! And thanks for all that you do.
you just rocked my world. That was amazing. Such a brilliant script.
Bourbon, bourbon, bourbon, I love bourbon.
Sometimes it's hats and gloves, but sometimes it's shirts instead.
They say that love is forever
shit I forgot. I'll bring it tomorrow.
At a towering 5'4", Twitter is onto something! RT : and you are both taller in real life than what I expect!
Celtics & Wizards headed to overtime.
Will the next World Bank chief be a U.S. citizen? Last week, Robert Zoellick announced that he will step down in June. So any thoughts?
A lot of ‘lasts’ today. I’m really feeling like it’s the end. Still all sweet, no bitter.
wow what a goal! Remember the trash we were talking about Nyquist? Yea, throw him with Datsyuk and he looks like an all-star
I love her idea, though I am not at the Library any more. (Bad grammar?)
Gearing up for heavy DWI enforcement during the Balloon Fiesta. So... how big of a gun do you think we need to shoot down a balloon?
Not my kind of a chick but then I've never been one for Hollywood type. Their personalities always get in the way, ya' know?
I would re-tweet this for you, but your profile is locked. That means only your current followers could ever see this
Thanks for the quick reply. The event is in 2012, not 2011...heading back out next year?
Last Tweet
Nice to see new Ford F150 pickup truck commercial touting high fuel efficiency.
People who know electronics (like or ): is a "pull up" a type of resistor, or just a way of using one?
Last night.. good side i made $455 dealing a poker game. Bad side a guy made me cry
too much drinking with Jessica and the ass last night I see. It's all about heart and pushing through the sickness.
Desperate Housewives In 20 Minutes!!
#imagine Austin;I wont stop until i find my runaway love You:well you can stop cuz im here. Austin:*smiles**kisses you passionately* -anna
Hope is contagious- Catch it!
Bum day
I tried to diagram your sentence but sadly failed. Are you saying that Bonds, A-Rod should be shoo-ins, or not?
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all herself or get all the credit. -Andrew Carnegie via
#php 2nd switch in the default case of a switch - 100% sure it will not make problems in the near future break; default: switch ($btype){
RT : This day last year, jury selection in the Casey Anthony trial began. (AKA 2 months of insanity) Oh how time flies
Congratulations! I guess I'm a little behind too. I look forward to reading some of your work in print!
I've got 99 stipulations but a woman of child bearing potential ain't one.
my bad
#nato got us outta uniform
Aw I will!! We should have maps and flyers printed by next week. If im on Lincoln next week let's get coffee!!
you're welcome but thanks to you for this wonderful picture I can see everytime I have a tweet from you :D <3
I love Oh Castle!
depressing tweet again okayy.
Dear twitter friends. I missed you :)
Give that shit to a wash up bitch I'm winning.
Ron Moten gave those hard hitting TRUTHS on Gray's record and the FACTS about Fenty is that he made results a reality for ALL RESIDENTS.
Is anyone else having the feeling that 20's life, post-college, is more of what you expected from the college experience?
Would those be "Vanitweets"?
No new HBO posted today??? Two weeks and no new show, can only hope #RedState awesomeness is cause. I miss & !
haha yeah guess your right
you're not! Get the emergen-c packets. They help fight off everything.
Left tackle Demetress Bell agrees to 5-year deal. Give Eagles credit: when they want a player, front office makes it happen.
To-Do List : Nothing[<U+2713>]
Behind you 100%!! Let's do it!! Let's just make sure the packers are number 1 at the end of the season!!!
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
thanks for the RT! Isn't that necklace amazing?
see that's what i should have done today... instead, I stayed inside to watch the brewers fall to the cubs
RT "Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy." - Isaac Newton
Counting calories. I've downloaded An app to help me keep track of them.
What a game
#BreakingNews: Judge Jessica Recksiedler has disqualified herself from the trial of George Zimmerman via
new comments on GIS Extensions Market to look closer come to visit us.
Whenever I go to a house party, I wind up playing with the pets at the end of the night instead of conversing with mediocre looking women.
Good morning all
The #BFDailyWord is - knee-jerk (adjective) (NEE-jerk) - 1. readily predictable - 2. automatic - 3. reacting in a readily predictable way
Every fucking year it's always the same with the A's: great pitching, shit defence, no offence.
Its been 25 years since the #NBADraft that netted the #Cavs Daugherty & Harper in the #Lottery & Price in the 2nd rd - can they do it again?
I know! Cried at my desk.
R.I.P. Donna Summer.
"whatever." Me: you're a whatever;) "lol, fuck you." Me: whoa don't threaten me with a good time I might like it.
'IDGAF' and 'TL:DR'? I call that ignorance.
I wake up with stuff on my hand...have no idea how it got there...did I kill someone?
this test is hard!
<------ you should have your own ridiculous show.
FireSign customers, don't forget tonight's scheduled maintenance. The FireSign Hosted system will go offline at 8pm (Central).
I always cleaned mine I think that makes it more heal faster but in the beginning it was kinda uncomfortable to yawn lol then
Kamali making me laugh but I feel kinda down right now /:
well that sounds pretty fun to me!
#cubs are down 2 already bottom of the 3rd. They are who we thought they were. Lol
Hey! Day's going well... Headed to a lunch appointment. You?
tweets = my life . <3
New novel? Do you plan on sharing or just tantalizing us with word on your progress? :-)
Why am I always so HUNGRY??
I'm amazed at the inane questions for essays on my son's college applications. Ask a stupid question...
Help: Best program to duplicate (copy) DVD's that I legally own for Mac or PC? Gotta be an easy way? No DRM or security on them. Thanks
Celebrated #nationalgrilledcheeseday during my first ever trip to In and Out Burger!
Remember that summer concert tour I help cast?
RT : RT : "Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't." -...
Ran like ass today
gotta go! Byebyee
That tie is getting a work out. Such a great piece.
Thank you for supporting us as a local company to provide your digital signage equipment in your museum! We are fans!
My mama blows it everyday !!!! Never gets old
thank you following me
Movie recommendation is Terry O'Quinn in the horror "The Stepfather"
I am pretty good ready for football tho how are you doing ?
How are you enjoying the new apartment? :)
BBall league coaches/parents clinic successfully wrapped up today 2/ Drew Goodman & Gary Avischious as 2 of the featured speakers!
The money is in the budget as it is. We don't need another tax to fix our schools.
BOOKED a supporting role as a Hotel Manager in the Indie Short Film, BODY LANGUAGES, produced by Red Tail Filmworks/Directed by Don Forcer
I'll post more promo codes tonight! aight!?
“ Cutler Beckett: “You’re mad.” | Jack Sparrow: “Thank goodness for that, because if I wasn’t, this’d probably never work.””
Today is going to be a long day!!! Comicon today so stoked!!!!
I'm Blowin' up now! I was just offered to work on a project paying a $6.25 an hour!!! On a show I can't even find on google!
THIS IS WAR! CureMyPC vs. The Security Shield Virus ... Anyone who calls from Twitter gets $30 OFF all service plans! (800) 349-4824
yall help us out.. we need explanations RT : I wanna know that 2.....*waits*
I thought that I read was heading to #marsdh tonight.
not only bad but super cheesy!
“: "Your focus determines your reality" - Qui-Gon Jinn. Then he got Darth Mauled. #StarWars3D” HaHa
Good morning you guys. Today is a long day for me so I gotta take out my wings. Lol I have a Red Bull but no Vodka up in my hand! Peace! :D
More Rain
Okay yea we loss to the Thunder yall loss to the Pacers!!! Big difference
how your mourning turning OUT!?
and there goes our fantasy Idol season, thanks for the invite we will redeem ourselves next season
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or
i love you
wait that was when gabbyy played bingo with rg<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> gab we hit the hay before that happened
Motto for the #hackweek: Drink good beer, write good code!
its kool thanks for asking
Every time Spotify skips, I think, "more like Spoty-ify" and realize I'm destined to die alone.
no! it is hilarious!
Wishes I could sleep for a good two days.
They should all be in one division facing west so they can point and laugh at BYU.
What a disappoint from the #Bulls. It shows that they r a one man team.
seriously I just can't get enough!!! Have you seen glorious 39 it's my new favorite movie
this 45 min drive watchin the sun come up wuld b a lot better if their were some real radio stations to listen to
KY Jelly aint nothing but Lip Gloss for Coochie!
following sir
Not yet :( Just doesn't seem fun going alone
Damn that makes me feel old. Not knowing that performance is like not knowing at all. Lol
Come see us this Friday night at Cowley's from 9:30 to last call. We promise to be respectful of your mama.
I love when the room is super quiet and then you scream just so people could look back ha ha
Thankful to & for their great calls!! Bummed to be working but these guys got me PUMPED UP!!
It never fails. Every year at finals week a student collapses during a museum tour. Eat your breakfast kids, and don't lock your knees!
tweeting you :) hbu?
Complimentary Champagne at the Booth #436 #APA2012...Starts at 5 - see you there!
get your degree in what you enjoy. Mine is web design. Makes work seem less like work.
Thanks. Back atcha!
Lin's working on an even points to turnovers ratio tonight.
awww thank u. Imma be alright u just stay strong and remember dat he in a better place. I love u
or a joint haha
I'm gettin my pic made next Tuesday at school for committing with CN. Can you come that day?
. muy caliente por favor (brush up on your Spanish, you are in SoCal)
- Thanks! I most certainly will!
everything worked great today. It wasnt glitchy at all. Thank you! (Sometimes things wouldn't load or save before)
What's up, 4:40? Why can't I ever fucking fall asleep?
intense couple fight in the lobby of Monroe.
Camera finally bit the dust<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> but of course it was Taylor who did something to break it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I know ! I was freaking out ! Hopefully it's soon !
You mean #amazing right?
FIX A LEAK WEEK FACT: A leaky faucet that drips at a rate of one drop per second can waste more than 3,000 gallons of water per year.
If you don't like Earth Wind and Fire, go away. That is all.
I know that doubts Will never be gone. It's Just that I have revealed my Twitter. you can get me prosecuted. :)
Just got the new iPhone 4S and Siri is awesome probably going to tweet a lot more
this is the weekend ive waited 6 years for
I'm seriously just pissed off at life right now. I want summer.
At the doctor, praying for good drugs so that I may breathe and speak again. It's the little things.
Hey, we're open, with guest bartenders Darcie & Sky!
Watching quarantine 2 terminal
Jones up and under WITH THE BUCKET AND THE FOUL. free throw...no good. 43-42 dogs. 6:00 to play
Karzi knows that he is dead within 72 hours of the departure of American troops - he has to act out.
EXCEPT for me and G. Because we're nice guys.
Thank you Morgan Freeman!
I have tried for days to get a rt would my favorite wildcat of all times give me a s\o
I just finished a 25,5 km run with Nike+ GPS.
Yes...30 Rock is officially concluding
I'm IN
picks up 55k twitter followers during Red Flag... always have a phone handy
Congrats on starting! Hope you have a fabulous first day!
Okay. I can meet you guys at noon, if that works. , do you want to come?
2 region championships under our belt
in what way? Just curious
M. That moment where you change the order of your slides and suddenly they work.
Please look like the person in your headshot. And it helps if it's actually YOU.
already have turned around twice to go back home , dear lord this trip should be good .
Ok Ted...so what is the plan if you let Wells walk??
because they're the most evil of all
According to #Bones, your "Cougar Age" is half your age plus eight years.. I think you're golden ;)
Every time I hear 's voice I just want to cry! I love your voice! You're an amazing singer!(: <>
saw my Teen Wolf boys in the abdc audience!!
Happy #madmen day! : literally doing the same thing on the dvd's
Umm I don't know if anywhere is ready for you Ms. Jones..lol
YOU GUYS... Do it!
thanks... we've learned from the best!
Last night there was a roach in my room and Marco wouldn't kill it!!!!
Heading to Phoenix tomorrow to meet with Tina Hockmuth and team!
Don't get mad if I care too much. In fact, you should really start to worry when I don't care at all.
Nothing much but we got a ustream in friday !
US TOO! “: I LOVE PEANUT BUTTER!!”
B-More club online radio is gone? How am I going to get my Friday night bounce on with Benny Stixx and DJ Booman? How, I ask you?!
I prefer the latter...
I'm actually entertained by the bickering...
I can't believe Tom wow
inspiring post! march book club vote soon?
Pens going to the cup, and docs lie!! "Pinch and a burn" is nothing like it says.
If you strive for perfection and what you do and who you are is never good enough, chances are...you will never be happy.
time to take a break
39 years, Congrats #Bruins!
sometimes people genuinely don't know they're being annoying. in those cases, do you tell them? or hope they'll eventually figure it out?
but u will fall
hah. I forgot!!
Going to go see Beastly(: Dinner with and was amazing<3
BTW, this is 1st rev of those MLA Guidelines to refer to "digital humanities." When they were drafted 12 yrs ago, we didn't call it that.
Had fun wit dude today he taught me to shoot bbguns that was fun I won of course:) haha
I'm so excited for you :D
alexis texas, jada stevens, or ya fav brazilian chick lol
If you are planning to plant new #grass in the spring, now is a great time to start turning the
Stadium Hardware IS open. I've been twice already.
Awww. You're a sweet surprise.
Getting my mom PXY Summer Jam tickets for Mother's Day.
you have like the best quotes on the world (:
Falling in love is awfully simple, but falling out of love is simply awful..
Thats what she said
Google street view brings the Truman show to all of us!
Congrats Scott, congrats everyone in Scott Foster for Williamsburg, congrats students.
my gosh brownie. another pp =]]]]
Discussing life and all of our common goals. Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll-
Our website is moving to another server, so if you experience any problems, please bear with us. Thanks!
Dedicated satellites for Navy, IAF to be soon launched: Antony | idrw ...
Excellent! Wanted to make sure all was still a go before I recommend to a friend. #Thanks for quick reply :)
Whenever I get REALLY mad I cry. every. single. time.
Marco Estrada has a no hitter through 3
hey dude, mind if I get one of those Vader prints?
what's the point of those teen twitter accounts when they basically tweet the same shit
so i've always been super opposed to being labeled "femme" but i just saw The Brown Grrlz Project use the term "hard femme"... hm
MAY 1ST DA LOUNGE SKATE SHOP GRAND OPENING MAD GIVEAWAYS MAY 2ND POOL PARTY KNO HOW WE DO WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
Watching #dexter right now...crazy:)
nor sacrifice holiness by conforming to the world..engage without compromise..
yes yes you are!
so true..
what about taking a few hours with no technology? No phones, internet, tv, computers, tablets, ipods, etc erc
At Federal Transit Administration mtg in San Diego w/ Supervisor Ron Roberts to support Mid-Coast Transit Project extending trolley to UCSD
« Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.»
thank you for the RT!!
Love is when you tell a guy you like his shirt and then he wears it every day.
Well thank you dear. Love how you whore me out LMAO ;)
having to be at the high school at 6 in the morning
Watching Never Say Never, my niece'd fave movie. Loving the social media aspect of Bieber's story.
Today in 1949, Orwell's 1984 was published. Today in 1984, Tetris was released. Hm....
Today Kristen and I realized 1. I'm amazing at catching objects. 2. I like tall lanky boys with long curly hair. 3. Lemons hurt.
Calling people by their twitter name.
OK students, and everyone else in the sports biz -- #sbchat with and friends starts...right...now.
sprints bro.
The new Twitter says Wynton Marsalis is similar to me. Flattery will get you everywhere, new Twitter.
I also got extra 6Go+ thanks to this feature which is even more awesome.
Thank you!
So. Snacks over there. Music over there. People over... -Points- There.
These kids are so rude
who are you seeing?
you already heard my loud NO about this. I was looking forward to Ewan as Chip :(
Sound familiar ? ": We all have that one friend that we greet with an insult"
"Pakistan Plane Crash: No Chance Of Survivors" Finally some good news!
I'd invite you to my bachelor party, but having a sober reporter around seems worse than having a camera.
get 4th of July fireworks and support YOURS rt 40 westview shopping center
Poor Andrew Luck! Looks like Heisman is out of his reach!
I need me some sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
|-.._| FREE PARKING...$2 DRINKS ALL NITE... 18&UP PARTY..... SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
i really miss all the old nick shows.. watching rocko's modern life on netflix :)
I woke up and i can't get back to sleep. I've been waiting for this day my whole life.
I saw an iCarly bag the other day and out of celebration for #iLostMyMind, I'm going out to buy said bag. How're you celebrating #iLMM? ;)
Opera Supper will feature amazing local talent brought to you by Californos! Call up now to reserve one of the last few tables.
please. Follow. Back.
Philly drivers' inability to navigate the 4-way stop is directly proportional to the cost of my auto insurance.
Cmon Hawks! You can end it here!
Thanks! Good luck with Kinvey. Looks promising :)
fuck yeah! Plan dat shit. We should go for longer this time doe
and with you HotSauce!
Are you currently filming in Pittsburgh? Share with any production pics.
It’s Easter time and that means dead folks are crawling out of caves and graves and all the other cubbies to which people skulk off and die.
Hulsey says he knows of no such plan by Pocan.
I was hoping you would make it awkward. #SUCK. #IT. And everyone uses Pinterest, join the club
Welcome, life loving beauty! Send me your gift.
I know that showing emotion don't ever mean I'm a pussy .
What did you do to them?
:/ im just getting up.ur already at school lol
real talk all i need is 4 more followers man just 4 more
Haha I love you too.
Catch me on Fox 9 Twin Cities tonight discussing the Teen Choice Awards.
For once it'd be nice to see that you care....that you actually give a damn about someone other than yourself
haha yea seriously. Maybe now the clippers won't be a bust in the fourth anymore
AND I KNOW THAT MY HEART WILL GO ON WILL STAY FOREVER THIS WAY!.
"Yesterday I said sorry when someone gave me the wrong amount of change." - confessions of a Canadian cc:
Your Highness? Although, really, James Franco and Natalie Portman? Did you need work that badly?
I love you<3
#FF Thanks for following! You're the cat's meow!
I am, I gotta go wit my niggas though, Latina Ladies straight from the island , OMG ( new baby mamas )
Good day tweeps!
RT Thank you for a great experience! I leave #inspired #exhausted #hopeful #challenged and as a
Lob city clips
This professor is very up tight lol someone needs a girlfriend.... <U+263A>
still in bed lol sorry early birds!
Spartacus Shark is making moves
Behind every beautiful female is a guy who did her wrong and made her stronger <3
hopefully a TV job. How is your music going? What's new?
My diss is on *deliberate* archiving on platforms. We should chat!
Great Video of Bugatti how it is made, and how fast is it??? www.apinsights.info One of my friends drove it. It is FAST
Best March Madness Sign: We Are Ridiculous Lehigh
Almost got a free vacation getaway to da bahamas to bad they tld me to pay fo the government taxes n shit smh
after the yard, stop by Library Bar for drinks with #codeforamerica and #openplans to talk cities & tech from 8-10!
Just seen the Boyfriend music video. Cray. He's not a 16 year old boy any more.
DE Nick Perry is now a Green Bay Packer. Thumbs up on that pick?
Yessir so good RT : “: Yes.. raspberry lemonade Gatorade” all in one?
Super Impact Fitness Studio Coming Soon! www.superimpactfitness.com Jersey City, NJ
eat then nucca
oh please! your booth will be the most beautiful and well thought out booth in all of the #nss land
if you follow me i will follow you i really do
Registering for a free tax webinar Sunday night with Ron Mueller www.HomeBusinessTaxSavings.com
Where is that safeway? Are they out of meat?
“Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.” - George Bernard Shaw
AZ State GOP Chairman Tom Morrissey Ousted - new Chairman elected: David Fitzgerald per Roberts Rules at State Convention -
That's debatable
Gym time
Thanks to all our members who came to the quarterly meeting last night! It was fun to hear your new ideas and see you make new connections.
What's your favorite food to power up before a long run or workout? Here's a blog I'm writing on learning to run and eat!
I'm not really a bitch, i just play one in your life
Losing Phil Taylor is such a huge blow. Heckert looks a lot better for drafting Hughes. Hopefully the kid can play.
"It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen."
Joe Hite will be on the keys tonight! Stop in after Jazz for some great cocktails served by fantastic bartenders!
Sometimes I feel like my weather app just fails me...where's the rain? At least I'm not the only one carrying an umbrella in the FiDi
Keep watching Twitter for a chance to win a pair of tickets to Théâtre Tout à Trac’s Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center April 16....
RT : #Gadaffi ,Lookup in the sky,is it a bird, is it a plane? Why yes, it's lots of planes over #Libya . Adios, Pendejo
Tell them I need to get off early. Lol
what about a black-Latino thing?
Half price bottles of wine...perfect for a rain-soaked day. Come and get it. All day every Monday.
i just listen to ur song once upon a lie u guys r really good
Senior in College!!!!!!!
watch Dr. Oz today at 4 and you might see our #cayc contest winner Janice Arsenault!
I'm this close to going on a stabbing spree -.-
Totally fell asleep last night and missed #pfismysanctuary trending :(. That's super awesome we got it up there though!
Just 12 more days until the early bird special is over! Have you registered for Little Miss Beautiful Hue America yet?
let's not wear our shirts cause ya know lokote ain't gonna be there...or what?
Congrats to you! Amazing job.
Gail Perry, ?Quicken All-in-One Desk Reference For Dummies ...
I have no clue haha. And the fact that we pronounce butter as budder.
Ryan Cook may have struck out 4 in one inning but Seth Smith basically struck out 3 times in one at bat.
Event is in walking distance to the game and Eastern Market...Tigers game both days....biggest wkend ever for Eastern Market Flower Day
Thanks for following, ! We're looking for a skincare person if you'd like to check out a meeting!
Just because it's Thursday doesn't mean you can't pretend it's Friday! Join us for Napa Hour! 5-7pm
grabbed the longboard, and boutta smash out the door!
drain the pool would be an excellent hardcore band name.
or why "weather guy" is derogatory and "weather man" is politically correct. I thought it was funny!
Oh my gosh... The Caucasian population loves that tip.
HEY! where can u find your background picture?! its so cute
lauren dumped jimmy:(
66 in New Haven @ 2:35 P.M. Only 4 more degrees to go. its getting close.
i just did, doll...thanks! (for the reminder) Have fun at Mayne stage!!!
Guys help my bestfriend get to 300 ! It would mean so much <3
RT : Good info on Mobile+Cloud using Windows #Azure Toolkit for Mobile Devices from Developer Duel tonight at
dude what happened
lmfao Harry look so scared
. on the this morn. Pleasant way to start the day...I just love him & all his albums, esp the Awakening.
I Love the Rickey Smiley mornin' show! They be too hilarious!!!!!
I wish people would quit tweeting about me get over me seriously u look pathetic it's over move on with ur pathetic lives grow up ur 21
DOJ said it can't provide "confirmation" on Full Tilt Poker rumors.
I see.. yes 3-3 but you're 3rd as well so
Public commenter: I hope one day our newspaper will have education issues on the front page, instead of convention centers. Zing
great show tonight. LAker fan, what's your thought on Gilbert Arenas joining the team. Hasn't happened yet, but gunna.
and all looked pretty sharp tonight. Oh, and looked pretty nice too, I guess.
What's really good twitter family I miss y'all and been very blessed since the new year I got a job and still on my diet I put up new pics
55 yard field goals. how much leg strength.
Between me and Sunny's research interests you'll probably get tired of the subject quickly
Don't go. It's pretty awful. And it makes me sad to have to say that
#1414 mikeyy or louis (: form both
RT : I'll go back to when Mitt is done blathering...//he's done. I think Martin reads our tweets!
If u hear that shit cumin from more than 3 ppl then it's tru MF
We say we're friend and that'll we'll hang out over summer. But in reality were just friends at school. I'm basically never gonna see you.
send some proof
it sucks sometimes though. Like fuck I'm stuck at dade. But my cousin gets to go to uconn yet I had a better gpa in high school.
Lakers not about that Life lol
Getting ready to throw down the 1st BASEhead Wednesdays edit on WIDSIX TV
I'll buy the book but want a tube top signed.
no it's not..
It's crazier the farther south you go. There's parking in the One America lots for $20.
Imma need for to not begin every convo with "last night when i walked into freds..."
you have to come to our golf tournament at Bali Hai!
Have you committed one of the 7 deadly #interview sins? lets you know on our feed.
Ill be up up and away, up up and away, cause in the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever
This is gonna be a live ass game
is there coffee?
Doing the best I can with the gifts God has given me! Proud to be a daughter of the King! Yep! Yep!
Effects of exponentiality, higher ed. Textbooks are old tech
Finally got the remainder of the Pacific Ocean outta my ear. Thanks doc!
When you judge me without knowing me, you do not define me, you define yourself.
That was deep...
Thank you for White Rock community mtg stream. Feels like mic dropped into warm family reunion. Sense of togetherness.
I thought was supposed to be funny tweets, not pseudo inspirational buuullshit
Everyone needs to join the API economy. It's the future!
“: Appreciate every nice thing a #Scorpio does. Otherwise, you will be cut off.”
#FAC is going in full force already! It's $5 pitchers of #DuffBeer & $1 Sliders until 6!
my parents names in Arabic tho
"JoBros Are Our Heroes"
decided to log on, on my computer and change my password! got tired of seeing spam posts from me!
i love you.
Steve Buscemi has unlimited ammo
5 blunts into it
Stout Man in a Bitter World: Granite Brewery-Hopping Mad
gotta live for today so life won't pass me by ~
Getting my shoulder checked out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
heading out to the course at the HP Byron Nelson Championship.
Awesome, see you there!
Exactly. That's why Twitter is awesome. You guys understand my frustration :)
.22rifle>chirping bird ...too early for your song you chirpy lil bastard.
RT : The Miami Herald picked up our Live Taping tonight at If it's in print, it matters!...
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because people like to play w/ emotions
Let the race begin :)
i used to think i was a white racist..al sharpton showed me im really a latin american racist
Thanks for the RT. I'm glad you thought it was funny as well. We're big fans of too. :)
Gm world!!
oh, that makes more sense.
Now everything is swirly and gooply. And the fish on the ceiling are hairy.
that's a good client. :)
I is good! hows about you?
thanks for the Friday laugh!
162 games of nine innings still not enough? Wow- great drama tonight. If the postseason can be anything like this I'm all in.
Yes... Is it on the 15th or 16th?
#haha i cant believe that im cool
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day from this ICONiac kk !
Good morning everyone! Have a great day!
Looking forward to seeing & on the
Oh, that's pretty cool about Jonathan Quick. I like Kopitar and Brown but otherwise I just hate Phoenix.
I don't know how to add u on path nor do I know how to use it lol help
Favorite theme: Giraffe Party! We made decorations, as there were none in the stores, but was super fun and cute!
#3 Luey V F/ Klazik "shoulda coulda woulda" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
“The resurrection isn't an event---He's a person...(John 11:25) And He lives inside of me! (Romans 8:11)" -Steven Furtick
ExpreSSion, eMotion is Power. The Show MARCH 25th!! TICKETS GO ON SALE FEB 28th on www.MRCJE.com PRESALE: $25.00 DOOR: $30.00. GET READY
THAT. Was. Awesome.
I hope you see this! Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie! It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!1
u need a wikipedia page!
At some point you have to realise that some people can stay in your HEART but not in your LIFE!!
Isn't this the 21st Century? Aren't we beyond this, now???
you are a terrible person<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hasn't lance already done that? In the final stage of his final tour? The whole jersey swap incident?
has brought AWESOME to the Brew City
im glad you two settled the argument.
Good luck 2morrow ! I don't live in PA, but most of my fam does & you've got their vote! Was proud 2 volunteer 4 u in '06!
It feels so much later then it is
Aw, well you can still talk to me on here :) ...and I'll make sure the new owner is a really nice person :)
If she can get me all the copy & pictures, we hope to officially launch the site in the next week or 2. Will let you know.
Toady on radio: Dietician & author Manuel Villacorta discusses his latest book on keeping weight off 1pm ET Ch 145
Save the Date/Time: Thursday, March 1st, 5:30 - 8:00. We are still looking for sponsors and auction items.
Been on 2 yrs and only at 4000 tweets.
WE ARE FRIENDS :) cause were cool like that duh :) <333
thanks for sharing my write up from TownHall. We're brewing up plans for future speakers, maybe we can collaborate?
Either way that shower felt fanfuckingtastic
Stephen you sexy mother fucker. Gittrr done
Is this suffering for Jesus or do I need to ask my inner Hilda?
lmao my boyfriend called me then he texts me saying hi -.-
First time on Twitter today. So *that's* what that feels like.
Lmao I Love Kwame Too! He Know I'm Just Messing. Haha
Virgins need to b slapped across the mouth & raped/shot up with drugs!
counting down all the hours i've spent here, drowning in all of your lies dear.
thanks bro!
. Welcome to the Atlanta! How long are you here?
jury is still out!
Wth?! I can't believe they cancelled GCB!! Ugh they always cancel the good shows and keep the BS!
its 12 tracks and 11 out of the 12 are ambient. Its basically all ingame songs, except the trailer song.
wow. Heckuva thesis.
show me the city that i w.o fear claim.
RT : Ok. First thing's first. Topic 1: What is a myth? How do you define it?
yes, lemon tassies! The recipe is from the Martha Stewart cookie book. I like the tassies--delicate and not too sweet.
Nothing hotter than a woman on a bike.
Mirrors, uplighting, and decluttering can make any small, dark room feel big, beautiful, and bright! Those are the #3Bs of great decorating.
Mostly, I dislike Chihuly's work simply because so many people like it. But even aside from that, the work itself doesn't interest me.
n/p #ghetto dope
Frock the Vote!
NYC is next week - big stuff!!! Thanks for checking in!!! Love your positivity!!!!!
hot damn! Thanks for all the shoutouts! :) thats awesome
Uh oh. What'd I miss? What did he say?
Nick Perry better than Carolina pick from BC....half the cost Great snag GreenBay
Ai Miyazato leads by 3 strokes heading into the final round. SH Kim and NY Choi are 3 back and -8 overall.
c@$h fl0ww f
nothing says style better then a girl with an icarly backpack walking down the halls eating noodles. I wanna be just like her.
Its effin cold at this lake now
I wouldn't be Lexie if I didn't make an ass out of myself every now and then. :-)
#upstream2012 attendees: Join us this evening as we kick up our heels in #Nashville at (Country Music Hall of Fame)
Keyframe User Interface looking great!
just started twittering......loving it : )
They Got Chronicle & The Devil Inside, The Vow & This Other Movie But Not Project X -____-
word up... good looking out!
do you have a keek or Skype ?
Getting my hair cut at #TonyandGuy so I don't look like my #CousinIt when I get my new headshots.
no mine Dx
hahahah! ;) they'd be really cute! :D
Linkin Park"Numb" is just perfect for my personal theme song for this week=D^_^
It's not wise to bite the hand that feeds you.....
I <3 my new followers
It was OK. RT : Was Horrible Bosses hella funny? I'm tryna get weak.
York cathedral, while beautiful and impressive reminded us of how far from the original intent of the church people had taken her. Niel Cole
check out tajhair.com
yea Kim. “: OMG!!! Just bought 's #solisten on iTunes! You guys have to check it out!!!”
#DC407 Got some great feedback from folks on the CTF and look forward to doing the real deal.
Fireball shots with
RT : #Rockies Jamie Moyer gets his 2nd win of the year and becomes the became the oldest player in MLB history by 155 day ...
I love Google Advanced Search and I'm surprised how many students I meet who have never used it.
hmm, oh weird, twitpic logged me in as my other name Anyway, hope all is well with you my friend!
RSVP today for the next CAM Connect at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak Jan 28 from 5:30-8. W.cam-online.com (via )
haha im always on it >.< what state are you from?
hell yeah it is!
Incredible how smart and talented the journalists are here at
I think the NBA tells them what they can and can't play.
temple financial aid is the hoodest office I've seen you they got more attitude than the student RIP to
I need 5 more followers to make 200....
my tour just changed from 12 months to 6..... You would be here without me..... Can you say surge? :-)
that sounds a lot like how our nights have been since Nick landed his job
be careful, we need you tomorrow!
If you are in Thompson Library tonight you can watch State of the Union & CNN coverage (from here!) on tvs in the Berry Cafe
It's a Ryan Long, JJ Heller, Needtobreathe kind of morning.
is amazing and beautiful. the world must know. # <3
It also regulates uncomfortable menstrual cramps, improves acne, helps regulate excessive bleeding ++++
guilty confessions of a social media girl.... I hate blogging !!! Blame it on my ADD.
Shush! Don't tell women that!
Art is resuscitating. It saves lives. It saved mine.
Thanks for having Ed Shultz on -- saved me from watching Paul Ryan on Morning Joe. :-)
“ males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait....what u mad cause u sale dimes and he push weight? #blueprint1”
Anyone wanna let me borrow their headphones ...
- important to talk to to your therapist to customize a massage that is just right for you based on your activity
wetherby's chklist of comm functions and means! Prizant&wetherby's comm and symbolic bx scales is GREAT but long and $
We'll miss you Donna summer !! :(
NPR uses a content strategy called COPE: Create Once, Publish Everywhere
I suggest learning the keyboard shortcuts. Harder to mess up.
Primal Scream, Higher than the sun (Higher than the Orb rmx). See you next Sat.
Your too funny on #ShakeItUp & I love the episode when you talked spanish! #LindoSwag lol Big fan keep representing us latinos
thanks for the follow friend
Madonna, Madonna!
and I haven't eaten all day. and I are gettin' ready to pound a few.
Gotta love the smell of ink in the morning
Now... we wait. #goinghome #soexhausted. I did enough skating for an entire month
just realized you dont drink. we'll buy you a coke. Sorry
how cool is that!
First Middle School basketball game tomorrow gonna ball on the other team
"...more girls are killed in this routine 'gendercide' in any one decade than people were killed in all the genocides of the 20th cent..."
Just resorted to turning on my office air conditioning unit for the first time. Turned off all the lights for karmic balance w/carbon gods.
get some friends!
Does the passer get the assist on an and one?
Finished breaking bad not sure what to do with my life haha. #Slinging some crystal
I can't wait to meet Seattle and come see you!
Editing the season 5 finale of Always makes me so hungry!
#thingsiamgoodat climbing stairs
Darren Oliver giving me Felix Heredia vibe
yeah, that was my plan. Then I'm going to want to discuss it.
People who think Google Drive = DropBox are missing the point. The big deal is the API that lets web apps seamlessly bridge cloud & desktop.
Glad you're here! Be sure to follow us for similar shows - we have a great season planned for next year.
Ahh swimming was fun but I'm so tired!
Finally watching #BoardwalkEmpire. Second season is off to a good start so far
Came home to find chicken on the other side of fence. No one saw it happen, and she ain't talking.
My anthem holds your mind for ransom/I'm handsome/And I'm the black Marilyn Manson
Do you know , How we do a heart onTwitter ???? On Facebook we do the heart <3 !!!! On Twitter How ?
RT : "Rather than shrinking away from your problems, grow bigger than them." - Zig Ziglar
I knew you'd agree... Smart smart girl from PA.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
Hope they remember their own behavior when they complain about bad behavior and disengagement from students.
Alas you see my point! No player should ever be allowed to be uncommitted
My night : Read the word take notes , pray :) Lord guide me for I cant make my own decisions ...
Will he miss?
It's good to see Bernie and his drag queen wife supporting gay marriage.
Light bulbs, neckties, boxing gloves, tomato juice, antlers, paxil, ill will (small box), good intentions, paper towels
No other comp kicked in the groin harder by Prem rise than Serie A. I adore, deserves much more love.
But life moves on and it appears that Kevin Steen is next on his list of challengers. Once again he'll thwart the Sons of Anarchy.
Your face gets so pale behind all of those masks.
Oh, we're ready!
The best image or video showing how you use App in Seconds will win a year's subscription FREE ... tweet us now
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
Can't believe the bulls and the grizzlies lost in round 1.. Still got OKC tho
That's awesome! Enjoy!
Wow you realy need to STOP!!!!
haha he came into our room today & lifts his arm up to show me ur signature on his arm and just laughed & the nail polish lol
Still Casting Parts for The MFL'ER Video... Get at me
LOVE YOU! thank you! u paid, so u can pee wherever u like lol X
Hahahaha awesome! Let me know how it goes! Get your sweat on!
more something than hate “: you didn't call me back is it because you hate me or something”
We'll work to improve the infrastructure around the plant through roadway improvements, and establishing safe walking and bike paths.
Ready for springbreak
Musings: Surround yourself with brilliant people and challenge them to do more than they are doing now. Then be sure to reward them.
Me and are so good at LSJBA.. We probably missed like 50 shots today.
#CompletionArch: Not another new initiative, but an aid to #communitycolleges to analyze their own worth & help others see it as well.
miss you too! I wish ya would have come over! I had a house party!
6 days til payday omgg lol I'm in need of some money right now!
Band members that care and <3 for sure pure awesomeness right there. Fan for life now.
Wilson....All Day. R.I.P Wilson....We All Just One Handprint Away From A Bestfriend.lol
Getting x-rays on my foot tomorrow afternoon...
- So funny.
me too!
a personal favorite as well!
dippin to romas without me?! I thought we had something special..
From , always be honest. Don't try to trick a reporter!
According to a social media #library class, I should be tweeting 21X/Day for the library.
thanks for the RT :)
Met Chef frm Cadbury Commons asstd living. He says he and his pastry chef have baked pies for #pieinthesky at every kitchen they've worked!
So far Bud Light's ads are lame.
nights going great Beth! :) thanx for asking Studying 4 my pharm exam in nursing school. Just rewatched latest episode Love u guys!
all my niggas nuts , n ima loose screw
Is it just me or did Facebook totally resize the Page profile pics and throw off every design I had going on....
San Antonio
#Soft ball AWW I love you too
How do you determine which proteins go with your blood type?
for sure! I just popped a pimple and it reminded me of that damn video! Lol
Biggest decision for Foo tonight, what skinny jeans to wear with what worn out t-shirt?
Should be another great night look out for me on the main stage
Wish I was supah skinny.
went to san diego to have great thai food with friends. today, disneyland. oh the madness
Shout out to for going to the Astros game haha
Yep. A little frantic Pomeranian. Named Booboo.
Done smoking. Huzzah for me. Please excuse my attitude as i withdrawl... >.<
lol I'm always out. Your the one that's been M.I.A
To gain success in any field you must sacrifice your personal and selfish interests for the sake of the goal in mind.
beyonce is bout to go the fuck off!
Can't wait to be older so I can go out and have fun
Barkley saying that Harden is the unsung hero of tonight's game. KD/Westbrook struggled until Harden's six straight shots.
This could be it - Game 5 of the NBA Finals tonight at 5p - watch it with us at Fox Sports Grill! *Widmer Hefeweizen Special all night long*
Why is it that now more than ever kids who r in elementary n middle school r being pressured to be lesbian. This country may be in trouble!
hahaha. I'm glad I had that effect on your class!
practice your music.....
Colleen Chien: Google and Apple spent more on patents last year than R&D.
OH OH OH ME ME ME PICK ME PLEASE!!!!!! Hahahahahaha :)
where the fuck do u get the energy man??
Ian: "Punk lowered the castle walls of music to let people who may not have played music before do so. New ideas don't have audiences."
oh ok
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Austin Mahone can't sing
Damn Im flooring it down to get to this bank
Why in Nebraska in mid October does a 30% chance of showers turn into thunderstorms?
Chris Brandenburg and the Bluetones play at 7 tonight, a three piece blues band, you'll really enjoy!
Learning about the 4th grade reading slump. Didn't realize there was such a thing. Mine started in 3rd grade, but I'm an over-achiever.
it's all about that Sick Side street shit, y'all.
weather people promise tomorrow will be the same :)
2 Chainz and Waka on the verses. Kanye on the beat. Justin Bieber on the hook.
Thanks to Bblack!! She donated $50 making her a Power Pal and putting us at $2415!!! Thanks!
that would be great. please do make me a copy
#8 - challenge your comfort zone
o/~In the distance they heard others basketball their lives away, their lives away.~\o
Newt Gingrich owns Packer stock, he says.
Cant wait til like 11 i wanna go somewhere not stay in the house allday
#WeirdFactAboutMe I try to get to follow me everyday but he refuses :/... haha
I can agree with this one. I'd def wouldn't mind gettin B White on my next tape
Last chance to see animals and cuddle backstage with them this weekend!
Pro Tip: Unless you are a model/actor/actress, don't put your picture on your resume.
What Mike Conley just did, I don't think that's legal.
preciate it! most definitely will do!
Flight back from Sarajevo got cancelled. First we panicked, now we see it as a sign we should just start shooting now.
Ah okay now that's awesome.
#MyFavoritePhrases I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired.
Wow what away to end the game
god bless amigo, it is all in good fun! I apologize if any comments crossed the line
Omg my little nice already walks and i was alseep when tht happend and today is her 1st birthday
FYI I'm on 3pm panel preso re:Social Media at BizTimes Expo today (say hi!) - and btw #RickSpringfield is there tonight -CV <--Jesse's Girl
well I know that.....lil but who might this lucky fella be? :D
hahaha well I tried! I'll see what happens
Watching a Documentary on The Buddha
My head still hurt ..
To better the lives of others is one of your life's greatest rewards.
birthday happy....
This is a great day for a miracle
reduces #bellyfat with Check it out!
Hey if you see this tweet, can you tell me if you & Zendaya will come back to New York City? Zswaggers, Bellarinas/os miss u <3
wish I could go, but am sick. Have fun & break a leg!
Awww...You assume #Igiveadamn... that's so cute!!!
go big or go home. cc/
My terrors were quickly supplanted by delight.
“: I hate seeing your friends because it reminds me of you ..”
I mean, I was just saying, tho...lol. See? Like what I just did there? Jks and Lols all around...
Fish oil supplements can help athletes by increasing energy, promoting muscle growth and improving recovery. www.5StarFishOil.com
Where can I find information about this weekend's (especially Sunday's) open houses?
Green tea may help protect against skin cancer according to a study from The Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics. Still use SPF, though.
Ah!! My screen is broke on my phone! What am I guna do wit myself!
Would it be recommended to turn the memoir into fiction? It could be easily done w/tweaks and name changes.
#thingsthatstillapply don't call me slave
ND better pull out that D from the other night #mightdontmake it
'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is leaving the station. He’s riding the New York Central railroad, heading 350 miles east to Cleveland.
are these available after the webinar? i work during those times but would love to listen.
I'm jealous! I want to get my hairs did so bad but I have to spend money on other stupid things, like food and electricity. Bah!
I see I should have stayed up for the 3 OT game & glad to know that Stanton saved Bell's ass and the Fishies won the game in 10 innings.
I hear coffee cures that
It's always better when it's free !!!
Thanks man. Let the comic fit the medium and all that jazz.
Thanks for the FOLLOW xoxo
I'm getting my quotes together, just holeup!
thank you so much<33 (:
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
thank you hunnie!
Honcho lifestyle tip #4 - wake and bake. Never forget the bake.
Books are the worst part of libraries. (*dodges*)
Thanks! Should have almost 1000 books!!
Jones TKO 1st round. Ground and pound baby!!
: 2 full app pages of stuff that i didnt like or want. grt screen n batt life, tho. o yea, get launcher pro. really slick.
Night Twitter! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I love it when a reference question is a kick in the pants to dig into something I know I should have a better handle on.
Come on NY!! :D
We're sorry that happened to you, but it's definitely THEIR loss, not yours. You're awesome. Keep that in mind.
“I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to to dance better than myself.” (Mikhail Baryshnikov)
Um...they're $349. What kind of job do you think I have James?
Latino Townhall is partnering with College of Southern Nevada to bring #LasVegas youth a Workforce Leadership Summit & Job Fair. We are loo…
awww thank you! :) You're the best!
I agree there needs to be more punishment for child porn! Glad u are bringing this up.
im bored as shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Its hard to trust someone the second time around after the already gave you one reason not to trust them.
No one likes getting the wool pulled over their eyes .. Especially by those they consider friends.
Headed to the balleT with Thanks !!!
Early morning, up an ready to see what's going on in the design world. Hope everyone has a great day!!
Ah. Gotcha. Thanks brotha!
: but vv sweet of you nonetheless fella - listen need yr address - cld you email it to me? Need to send you something
Two weekends in a row it's been raining. I enjoy rainy days on occasion, but not like this.
I know right... he snorts lol
I'm mainly tweeting right now so you guys can see me awesome photo. Took me 2 years, but I finally got it!!! cc:
If you tell someone the truth it becomes part of the past, if you lie it becomes part of your future...Sigma out
what ya up to? <-Kelsey xoxo>
What's happening is I love rina more than anyone in the whole entiree worldd <3
Soo football yeah hurry up. thanks
well, it's the thought that counts. you deserve a lap dance.
"Shiro sends his regards." Absolutely beautiful. -JO
#AvrahamInfeld - only way 2 make Israel stronger is to be honest about its problems. Jewish obligation says we 'wrestle' w/ issues.
RT: rodgarvin: "In order to succeed you desire for #success should be greater than your #fear of failure." - Bill Cosby
Good morning, bonjour & buenos dias up in this piece! Alright, alright, alright!! *Kevin Hart's dad voice*
can never be too pocho.
I love a good errand run.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. - Will Rogers
He tried 2 stay in but had to come out....just jelled into a trainer's arms as he passed out. Must've been a fracture
The future is unwritten. May 2012 be your best year yet.
Never forget ya
freshman need to stay home
Enjoy reading interesting mini-bios of new followers!
Modular design? yes. Unit tests - mostly. The change was to the buffer structure that is sent to DSP for processing.
I love winter! If it only it snowed here..
Howard says engineer will help find ways to improve parking despite unfinished development.
I wish the eagles were playing
MY WORLD TOUR IS BACK!!!!
make yourselves into emo/goths do the makeup and act like goths
The #SpeakUpsurvey, collects and reports the views of K-12 students, teachers, administrators & parents the use of technology for learning.
Brittany Rayburn looked like a middle aged suburban mom.
#you'rethebest if you fight chuck norris and live
All UDC locations are opening on time today, Wednesday, August 24,2011. Please check the udc.edu web page, Facebook and email for updates
pimp down 1142 donna pimp down"
nicely done. but still, why?
my human would have done the same... Animal lovers love animals!
oh wow, this video is going to be #epic #rad #ruthless .. i can already tell! CANT WAIT TO SEE IT!
Austin Is Crushing? I'd Die If I Loose My Hubby D; </3 LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU (: <333
Alice how many people did you tell I SEND you to buy MORNing AFTER PILLS (after you know what) and I SEND you on STATE HOURS? EVERYone knows
Wanted to give google+ a try again, finding it fragmented to manage my apps accounts and my main gmail account separately.
Thanks for the video! :)
its funny when your english teacher tells you shes gonna show you her vegas pictures!! LMFAO!!
Twitter. A place where all the terrible things I can't say on Facebook come to hide.
temp I had forecasted for Sunday was 78 on Thu & Fri lowered it to 71 yesterday & forecasted 68 for today this AM
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well. ~ Jim Rohn
KEEP IT REAL
okay I did :D
RT us baby!!! is our remote & writer. Creating something great 4 Miami Marlin baseball. #GOFISH (That will b our main hash btw).
Twitter, I find, is like a great hair style that makes you feel good. Can't wait to read your posts!
that's true it's not a bad day so far lol
I already said free if you go to the
That's an awesome deal! thanks for sharing.
#HappyBirthdayTMoney let's trend it worldwide!
The Hunger Games. I got book one and two today! Yeah!
: I just got a visual on your proposed snow creation. Not sure if I should thank you or be mad at you. Ha!
Turn Out the Lights, Party is over fo Cardinals
I'm okay. Just kickin it with my new puppy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
She has no right to comment on my love life...ever. I feel bad for the guys. They don't know what they're getting in to.
Why would you put something called a weiner wrap on a school lunch menu?
Financial sector spent more $ on campaign contributions & lobbying than any other sector of the economy—$4.6 billion on lobbying since 1998
"No tax on sunlight, let's keep it that way."
Only musicians can say they're "staying tuned" and be both literal and ironic simultaneously.
A junkie is someone who uses their body to tell society that something is wrong -Stella Adler
So hunqry and feel sick uqhh .
I don't understand why Pauly D has his own show ..
That is so beautifully stated!
Soap shop update: Boyfriend sold one thing....... Cucumber hand cream. Shop keeper in the making........HA HA! He is so cute!
Check your naked body is seen wonderfully together, is a thunderclap, is the beauty that is felt, it is my folly.
better than freezing rain
alas, you are a complete dumbfuck. I can't believe you would lump all white people into one category too. Dumbfuck.
It feels good outside
No need to lie.
All my passengers are asleep. We're about 10 minutes from WSSU. Praying the rain stays away.
95% of what we worry about never happens and the other 5% we can handle, so why worry at all?
It gives me a vaguely Crate & Barrel vibe.
dont feel good at all....ugh...i feel sick feel like im about to throw up....
R.I.P Whitney Houston
June 17 election results party? :)
Me: "Dad my tooth freakin hurts" Dad: "Go put some orgy on it." Me: "I dont think that'll help..."
Claims interoperability is advantage where wimax is used in ecosystem.
Heehee. I think URBee did have a tiny little personality. Rocky (the new guy) has a huge, muscular personality. :-D
RT iRespectFemales #SorryImLateBut Twitter is WAY MUCH better than Facebook. R-T if you agree and you love Twitter!
The Clinic On Colfax's 2 year anniversary party is tomorrow...20% OFF!! Games/Prizes and more.
#What2ChainzWouldSay I love my iPhone Steve jobs, I eat shrimps no cod, I be with lil b base god, my money long Chris bosh
I HATE iCloud. It deleted ALL my emails off my iPhone without warning. And I don't think you can delete the program. Grrrr
I cant believe I really cut my hair! Wow..had my family help me. Now time to get the clippers out
RT : When you get the choice to sit it out or dance, I hope you dance. -Lee Ann Womack
I wonder if gets tired of the phrase, "Hi Rihanna..."
Dan Marino sighting at Heat/Mavs game. Surprisingly, he's not wearing Isotoners
I woke up hungry af though, sat whweeeet <<<<> French toast/eggs/and a Apple
Vanessa Hudgens&#39; Thigh School Musical
Happy VD! RT V-Day is Tuesday! RETWEET this before 9am for chance to win $75 gift card to Proflowers .com
I was just about to tweet the same thing
Sunday a shoot.
You're too kind, sir.
Who's eating pizza for breakfast this fine Saturday morning?
Jamming It's been a while <3
Watching game film is funny. It can make you feel better after a loss and make you feel bad after a win.
When I was a kid, my parents paid me $1 for every 3.5 hours of reading per week (or 30 min. each day).
I see so many tweets that say "I can't forgive!" or "I won't forgive!" Beware the warmth provided by a poison filled blanket.
AMEN and i feel the same way. Inspite of my mess i can make being human, he still saw fit to make me!
RT : Congratulations Pike's men basketball team making it to Semi-State
Broken link?
Had a great time 2nite @ dave & busters
i wouldent. its crazy when people do that
When someone Loves you, their whole body says it even if they deny it.
dude how u expect me to come at u. U mention me front paging n forecasting drama. N the only mistake I made was letting go
#BranchOut's on News Closing Bell @ 3pm. #technology #startup #jobs #networking. Bring Rick to #speak at your #event. DM us!
ALL TEENS! IT GOES DOWN ONCE AGAIN THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO! THIS TIME ITS A HUGE POOL PARTY!
not good for brewers fans. injuries suck. thats 4everyday players hurt in a week. at this rate will have a mash unit to watch by next week.
FIrst bumps for the RTs, hope you're well!
Anyone looking for an internship? Email us, we have a lot going on and you could help! Real world experience
Man, what an awesome kick to the chest by Magneto.
About to met camron soon...
“: when u gotta be in Miami? Hope u see some action in a Knicks Uni man: im a huge fan, Keep grindin... #Knickstape” tmrw
say it to my face . please .
Good morning!
like what?:)
Honestly I Love HoneeyCocaine <U+2764><U+2764>
lmao.. so when you gonna come spend the weekend up here in gburg wit me?? :)
Hope so. I gave her my social.
oo wat u get him i wont tell promise
Right now someone is painting birds on a wire
that sucks
today has been wonderful!
This blackberry stuff is for the birds. May the 4S be with me. iPhone here I come.
Enjoy! Try Push Cart restaurant at Rock House
I woke up refreshed this morning, with plans to write 3 pages a day. I've so far been a writing machine. I've already met my quota today!
It was a pleasure interviewing & we wish u the best of luck in India & on Big Boss! Those girls don't know Sunny like we do! xx
just catching up beauty, you were wronged!
hey. My name is Sterlyn hbu?
Do we really need a butter dish? Or a sugar bowl? Or a creamer? Brides/Wives, did you register for these things?
Yep. I did small research project on U.S. ex-pats in Europe. Was eye-opener since we tend to glamorize the experience.
Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving wins the Rookie of the Year award with 117 of 120 1st-place votes.
oh so thats what that was about... wtfff
Fuji?! Gala is the way to go.
The Birds/Jaws double feature oh yeah
We had a Retweet contest yesterday! No more Food and Froth tickets, but will do a contest for The Wine Opener next week!
I kicked your monkey then I used your goat.
So scared omg
This match has looked like a typical USWNT match. Or a youth league beatdown.
We are short camera ops 2x monthly/remotes only...unless "volunteers" are put to...er "volunteer"!
s/o to everyone showing #YL mad love.
Disregard my drawing for draw something. Thought the word was "medusa" it's actually "bathtub."
Create a center of excellence for social media to direct the departments (spokes) of your athletic department.
YES! MT : wondered yesterday. could data librarians learn something from archivists? Practices they can share w/us?
I'm gonna name my dog "My Dick". Time to give My Dick a bath. Would you like to pet My Dick? Don't worry, My Dick has had his shots.
Elton John and Flavor Flav... Good combination
yeah, cant have undertaker without the guyliner lol.
good morning (:
RT : I just really want you next to me.
Happy Birthday to our fabulous DP and Editor !!!
i truly think that taylor is the only friend i can tell shit to now. fuck everyone else. i love her.
Who's gonna be my waiver wire P.O.W.? Check back tomorrow to find out!!!
that's actually an incredible idea! Haha
There's an extremely low supply of "miss you" cards around here. I guess they figure there's no reason ...Oh Texans & their state pride, lol
See someone in need this morning? Send them to #1525NewtonStNW, will serve lunch there at noon today. No one turned away.
You get what you earn on Valentines Day.
RT #GSPlanAhead Perfect Macy breakfast: Starbucks coffee, fruit salad and BACON! /// #jealous! :)
Happy Mothers Day Weekend!!
oh man here we go
Uhh, I should probably sinc my outlook calendar with my planner.
my friend stapled her hair today in math. on purpose. lol
What are the non-religious arguments for ritual circumcision?
[Insert Dr. Cycle joke here]
Dyed my hair! <3
Thought We Travel The World Over To Find The Beautiful, We Must Carry It With Us, Or We Find It Not.....
i started two books, but found them dreadful and stopped reading them. also read 4 new yorkers.
WQED FM is proud to support local music! But we can't do that without you. Please pledge your support: 888-621-6900
Good time to visit your nearest #Borders book store. Offer 20% off everything until mid-April
RT : Beyond the paper transcript, digital portfolios paint a more complete picture of students' personalities and...
ha! *high five*
I would hope he shoots better than like 38% from the field!
Breaking news sexy open mix night is officially pants optional
Never leave the one that love's you for the one that lyke's you smh that's jus common sense
i miss the family dog - buster t. kat. he's probably lounging in dallas right now. lazy bastage.
I am looking forward to moderating a panel about what attorneys can learn from accountants at Broadbrush Taxation on Friday, October 21. ht…
except in Pittsburgh! : "We build too many walls and not enough bridges." - Isaac Newton
Terrific to meet you, Libby. Glad you enjoyed it.
Yep! RT : so good!! loved hers, too! Got her the guaca-rolly (If I remember name correctly)
Happy Mother's Day girl!
I see you. Youre walking slow
sounds more like a personal problem to me..
I love vampire stuff, can't wait to check it out. One of the books I am thinking of #writing next is #vampire related
yes bro
just because he is about to win a ring this year that's why nigga!
#THE RIGHT WAY TO EAT RIGHT
Come on Bulls! Shut that shitty Philly crowd up!!
Good to see you Anne. Don't work yourself too hard this week!
G'night.
had a dream I met in some random ass store and then we went some bars and got hammered.
”Oh good, the rain is back.” - Nobody in Seattle
i did it ! i followed -> can u dm him now please :)
U know companies like the people who make chocolate are gonna stop making king size bars like snikers because they have to belessthan2000cal
depends on how small. I have some used Kluges, Heidelberg Windmills, etc. Or try thermotype.com. Call me at 888-BRAUSSE.
Oh okay
in all 50?
Back to work after a short respite, felt great. good to be back in form again. Love my job!!!!! :)
HW all night
and y eould justin fuck her?
It's Monday! How's everyone doing? :)
Happy Birthday!
haha naw just simple tap water in a mason jar!!
i think its sad that i'm so pale that none of the concealers in target were light enough for me :(
That's just lazy campaign consultants phoning it in! Maybe candidates should expect more!
We like to think PDX is lush with food. Truth: Oregon is embarrassingly #1 in childhood hunger. Support &
hahaha will do! Haven't been in forever!
Thank you! We have to stay home and and out candy tonight, but we had a lovely weekend to celebrate.
one more fuckin love song ill be sick
Happy Mother's Day ! <U+2665>
Eat Real Food. RT : DON'T DIP: Mission Guacamole contains no avocados. It's base is "avocado powder," which still accounts...
In 1 night I've watched Reds-Braves, O's-Yanks, 76ers-Celtics, Devils-Rangers, WWE Raw and OKC-Lakers. No doubt May is the best sports month
Styrofoam cups with jolly ranchers at the bottom <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
thought you both should know.. i just burped
I miss that words u repeat. I miss the first time when u said u loved me. I miss the times when I had to apologize for being unkind to u.
OH MY GOD ! thats our new background ! new fucking background ! and the kesha one is the default ! here we go , <U+2665>
Thank for following RareRO! :)
Google Analytics making Ed Tufte proud with their new Flow Visualization features
i know hahah kinda like you did on friday????
Wet hot American summer!!! <3
so cynical at a young age.....world of warcraft has ruined you
i was like "YOU ARTIST YOU." o:
Can somebody explain this data 'perp walk' thing to me? I'm not getting the reference.
are u going to the luke Bryan concert in august?
A Number Of Simple Techniques For Excellent Web Site Design ...
Is playing video games on my nintendo 64 because that's just how cool I am.
Thank you Leeroy!! You're the besets ever- I'd bake you cookies if I weren't so afraid of burning my kitchen down :)
ooh get a malty poo lol it's a Maltese poodle mix
Beautiful day for a lax game??
what's that??
Mixing mixing mixing.
He won it??? lol
it's not funny it's irritating.
I didn't see any flashes from the stones, so no distractions there.
Packers being
Thanks man! RT : #np In the Morning - Apache Chief. Such a smooth beat
yay RT So excited for my run dunno why! Then comin home to make strawberry cream jello shots for my party tmr!
Fun this afternoon in Hollywood. Looking forward to Erick's first of many "happening" business events.
how've you been Jake? hope you're enjoying this fabulous weather.
When you feel like you've hit rock bottom, just remember there's nowhere to go but up! :]
FYI We serve both #DrPepper and #DietDrPepper at Chick-fil-A at Arden Fair RT : Why drink tomorrow what you can chug today?
Good idea!
(1) have a game plan (2) comfy shoes (3) make time for the general sessions..
I don't, except Jojo is kind of a cat and you're allergic to Franco. Nevermind.
we about to be car twins, boo
I sure hope you're right!
We have a decision! Viva la likeable revolution!
Anyone need staff at #Inbound12?
Driving in a tractor all day
weather not half bad in Seattle today imho hope it lasts here and in chicago
What is it about former jersey governors ?
did you email me in regards to the networking party?
go on there website on your ipod.
is sad she just had to say goodbye to Meisa. :(
Work revelation: Found out you can drag and drop attachments into Gmail window. Est. daily time savings: 2 minutes. Ah.
i'm upset <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> i REALLY wanted that slushy ...
I wish people would read the book rather than waiting for sub par movie adaptations.
Entering the "NEW" economy!! Going back to the way our fore-father's did it!!
Back to Tweeting & everything! Yay!!
that isn't a good time. Come on, juicy!!
Coming right up!
awesome compliment
#IveNoticed that at night the school is a quiet place to walk around too.
BH Trivia Q: Who was dubbed the first "Queen of Gospel," she sang at the 1963 March on Washington? Visit www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
yeah , he won bro .
. great work Brett
Why are all my posts about food? I'm such a fatty.
“: How does my own tour bus forget I'm not on the bus and leave me. What a terrible way to wake up.” that's horrible!
Yes, you have--long before I! Good Morning :) What's news for you guys?
I got two #touchpad (s) supposedly...but I'll believe it it when I see it.
lol, i got you ash!
I take it that you are having fun? ;)
I'm not being mean!!! Its too early to be talking tht loud..
forget what they published a few months ago that seriously turned me off.
When i mean serious inquiries, i MEAN serious inquiries.
saw you and your bro play once in the Boston area. Had a chance to talk to you and tell you you scared the crap out of me in....
I did forget that you find Eli to be quite overpriced; and I can't disagree...just a complete sucker for much of his food.
Honesty in all actions; tell the truth, even if it's ugly. Orrin Woodward
that might be....and thank you again...youre awesome! :-)
#amen RT : The Spurs are a basketball team for hardcore basketball fans. That's really what I'm saying. They're like Fugazi.
Ducks are so misjudged
BOYFRIEND IS ON THE RADIO GKFERTLFADFJKKL.
Yesterday was such an amazing hard working day with the cast & producers of ! Pilot rehearsal & last edits. Can't wait for...
carving out something pretty cool. In the home stretch and have to nail down some cool stuff today. Wild and fun town this UB
Jeremy Lin is sleeping on his brother's couch? Amazing.
As you slide down the banister of life, may the splinters never point in the wrong direction....Happy St. Patrick's day!!
can't decide if i should be studying for my sol's or my learners test
the muppet movie was one of the few movies i've seen in a long time that just made me feel good!
Dave -- I can't even read this. The death of print has me depressed to no end...
Wishing i could meet up with and andrew henson to hang in ATL tonight for old time's sake
Yeah, really missing March. Who wold've thought! :)
Just found a reader of "The Faithful - operation: final crusade" who was not offended by any of my book. What did I do wrong??
Yum n.n
I would never do it in front of my son LOL!
Go duckie go! RT : Duck Race today in Broad Ripple - buy your ducks 12-2:30 at the Fire Station
Gotta love Kirk Douglas! Funny stuff! Best supporting Actress...Melisa Leo!
aww it feels like 5 yrs!!!
you know it! ;D
I'm evaluating individuals. This year is Wolf regressing to the mean. He's been exactly who we paid for.
prom will be interesting........
Good seeing my buddies and today :)
who's ready? The second annual Nevermore Jazz Ball & St. Louis Swing Dance Festival will be November 1-4, 2012
Use herb teas with Siberian ginseng, citrus or warming spices to achieve an invigorating effect (instead of caffeine).
shoot me an email ben at fullcontact dot com
Then y'all be tryna play us when it comes to our kids. It ain't that we don't love them...we just hate y'all!
wanted to keep it simple..more about the music
MT : #GPsOSL OpenStudy offers a peer to study with, tools to enable collaborative study, and access to the best OpenEdRes online.
I know! We have to visit these places!
- I hate Dallas...partly because of Mark Cuban!
My 15 month old son is such a good reminder of how important attitude it.
here's what u can do eat a sack of cocks
Hi Sylvester! Sure!
Congrats to your Rangers. Bet that was uber-exciting, though I feel truly bad for Wardo. Great guy, truly. Loved him in Nsh.
Unless I'm missing something, the only real real bad tweets I seen to Anthony Bennett were the few that he RT'd, and he did the same with UF
I need #followers to get of
got some pretty decent deals on digital billboards! You can even TWEET to our boards!
Seriously, how are the Doobie Brothers not in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame?
Soo bummed disbanded. I want another fuckin album!
I'll put you on my back do
That condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own ways .
Trick or treat! Pledge or gift! We're calling on the graveyard shift! Give some candy or give a dollar...just don't scare away our callers!
I thought you were connected to
A good memory indeed!
well said
Watching Cheetah Girls 3 with my momma(: That was her choice hahah
Did you just buy that at CVS?
Just checked, Russia is not on Instagram. In Russia, Instagram filters you.
common. Marlins Park has a bobble head store in the stadium.
The poker room is 50 feet from The Deuce I am at right now and invite you to stop by after you leave "The Duece"
fanks! You saved me some money..and two hours..and some nightmares
I just tried to do some crazy flip on my bed. Yeah, I hit my elbow on the wall & my leg is bleeding.
This American is spoiled, I get football all year, MLS & the Seattle Sounders from March-November, Europe & England from August-May
who u watching it wit
because some people are cunts?
RT : A5: Goal is to get fans to come back, best gimmicks go beyond giveaways at gate- engage before, during, and after game
we better be. been a slow process, but good things come to those who wait. Lookin forward to gettin your thoughts on our pizza
Really glad to be on retreat with our church body. Excited to be learning and growing together this weekend!
RT : Watching the DemoFest highlights webinar from #DevLearn, I just keep saying, "Cool!" Great Job to ALL the winners!
I hate when someone says they'll call me back...but I have no problem telling someone that. #Selfish : /
I am actually busy between noon and 2pm every day. Can go before or after.
im gonna be up late tonightt
whatever works! Nine used to be around there but the view I have now is much better
I appreciate the mention!
whatever! I think it's neat.
Hope you win C.E.!
u suck
When you're having a serious conversation with your boyfriend & he starts singing Hannah Montana.
I love my Christian music.. Helps!!
nope. I was pretty sick so it was a very mellow holdiay for us. :)
Having a date to a dance is not that big of a deal , why are my friends so happy for me ? ;I
Like asap !
awesome. and you?
then feel it bebe
am I too late to jump into the #braums convo?
I followed can u please follow me
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
RT "Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down." Ray Bradbury
yeah. I kinda freaked out. Then you wouldn't go on the roof with us. So I waited down there with you. Lol
Sick kids + no sleep = another rough morning.
I looked it up, other people have noticed, it even happens on my uncle's satellite feed
Tyga ft. Drake - Still Got It
Just got back from ammmms ((: and i miss her already!! Love yu wifeyyyyyyyy !.
They won't. Partly to keep homeless and beggars out.
Kronum at the middle school level is definitely a goal for the near future.
thanks for the follow! How are the shirts working out?!
I don't care who you're if you don't like Hey Arnold you can go fuck yourself!
thanks for the good words John! Glad you could make it.
Paul Simon is very short. It's not his fault.
Note to the annoying Asian next to me: putting a giant Hello Kitty bandaid on your forehead defeats the purpose of covering that pimple.
OMG!!! New Prometheus trailer. Ah!!! Looks so awesome. Thank you Ridley Scott!
I now have something in common with Kim Kardashian - we've both dropped Reggie Bush.
Sleeping alone<<<<< That might be one of the only things I miss not having every night. A warm cuddle buddy :p
dude I felt the same way!
House special-orders budget and BRFA to tomorrow.
where were you when my kids were small?
Well anyways, Vans Warped Tour in about 80 more days for me, and 31 more days of school left. So I'm happy.
none of that made sense I know I am sorry
Three days living with and she's already got me doing cardio workouts. Woah.
25 more followers to get to 8,000!! You wont regret it .. seriously. Awesome guys. Check out their song on iTunes! pls follow
I really had high hopes that would of been part of the #1 girl tour. :(
great to see you guys. Yep, top weekend. Safe travels.
If they get David Gilbert, Mike Taylor, and Ethan Armstrong all back healthy in the fall, #Badgers D has a chance to be an improved unit.
Its cold as balls out here
agreed..the great one's don't care they just go get it, no matter what it takes
Thanks Great to see you as well.
Now following
As much as possible, create a tree-free home:
: I went to school with a guy named Shalatron.
gotta patch something together. Main server down. Something in the cloud?
Is it just me, or does Steve Martin appear to be the most well-adjusted (or should that be best-adjusted?) entertainer on the planet?
I woke up to a surprise, a box full of #avenger superhero toys!! It's going to be a great day!
I know you are an active user of the chrome ext, so was stoked that you had keen interest in the site. More good stuff to come!
This is the 15th week of a 16-week semester at the end of a 6/6, 4-campus school year.
I was born in it, not sworn in it
Thanks, I love the chalkboards and play with them a LOT. Actually have some software I wrote which reads the raw data...
Hanging with Spencer "Spinny" Johnson at the National Theatre. Great kids programs on Sat. mornings.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost. - Zig Ziglar
Isn't anyone excited about half price Holiday World express tickets?...I mean come on it includes FREE soft drinks too!!!!!!!!!
A big Thank You to all the new Followers #FF :)
Note to self the 'tribute' mouse at 10pm will become the 'tribute' at 5am if you try and help said mouse
austin can't do his ustream today, maybe he wont do it next week either but the ustreams will end at one point. maybe not now, but someday
Are you seriously stealing my fucking jokes for Twitter now? Hate.
Off to Corpus #softballgame <U+2764>
Lol, idk what I was thinking. I could never change my username. To many memories(:
I'm a poor Belieber & Directioner :/
I think my knees are going to survive after my first 1/2 marathon yesterday, just a little sore walking stairs now. Glad it's Mother's Day!
I'll be cheering you on!
That was pretty freaking incredible! And yeah is certainly entertaining
will see if I can confirm a date.
#houston Optimizer HQ (3OP.F) brings new meaning to email analytics with its campaign engagement score With the advent of the socia
#PREACH! THANK U BRO. These dudes be cray bruh...and def not serious about their craft.
The Sarah Palin e-mails were released years ago on #Wikileaks by
a bunch of choir people....including mr clark!
Morning all
You aint about business, don't shake my hand.
What's our big announcement about Fun 4th Festival 2011?
Let's see it's 10:46 on May 3rd. Who wants to guess where I'm at right now? Lmao!
Cleveland Indians open "first social media-only space in pro sports". Solid concept but won't help their last place attendance.
Why does the phone always seems to ring when your getting your best sleep?
Now Romney must go right at the disaster that Obama has been for the country.
It's a mobile slaughterhouse! There's a blow-torch for burning the feathers off and everything. =)
RT if you would trade places with me ;)
Phillies threw down four aces but the Cards gave the royal flush.
don't talk about me not texting you back no more when u can't do it. Just saying lol
Through the years after his discharge, my father engaged in a constant tug-of-war with the bureaucracy that is the Veteran's Administra...
i love how in scary movies, the person yells out "hello" as if the bad guy is going to be like "yeah, im in the kitchen! What a sandwich?"
stop saying yolo.
Guess what I saw today? Everything I looked at.
The Future Looks so bright for me and my team the funny part about shit is niggas around us be tryna brag but just don't know who we reallyR
I'm..simply..a..slave
GOOD... MORNING TODAY IS GONNA BE A FRESH START!
that is so true..(:
We hope everyone's having a wonderful Easter break! (getting #pumped for ) /yd
yeah. Not your fault though.
Alright LA, we get it with the rain. If I hear anything about a drought this summer.....
God is good, he'll find a way to turn your troubles around
Ive finally come to the realization that nothing is ever good enough for anybody.
i want chinese and ritas <3
With God, all things are possible.
I have to admit I found #MyWeekWithMarilyn rather dull - That's the problem with expectations... Disappointment comes when they are not met
Be the change you want to see in others.
So glad you enjoyed! Thanks for the support!
how much n hour fo that
Congratulations! They're lucky to have you!
Looking at pictures took of the HS show yesterday. I love how into the music gets when they play.
Much obliged for the shout out! =]
PINEAPPLE GRENADE is ...unusual.
Shake it before you bake it <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Heading to Downtown San Diego to eat Korean BBQ... Like wtf is Korean BBQ?
Tis not true, you spelled world not word!
I want it be summer again, #ihateschool it is so stupid.
Today's Deal: $25 for $50 at Harry's Bar and American Grill in LJ! www.dailygroupsavings.com
And speaking of milestones, today we celebrate one year making apps with developer/designer/QCart-creator/iOS wizard
“: haha already! I'm about to take down this "j" right now” lol we tight : ) !!
Lucky you. What year are you again?
are people peer pressuring you to eat peanuts?
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ...I love you :) x
some times it hits me how much I miss my mom
He's the only person I like talking to on the phone c: hehe cute brace face xP
I want my baby to get better
Kid's in bed, wife is out for girls night, and I've got pizza and beer. Office Space on Comedy Central is just the icing on the cake.
I'm good and Brooks is enjoying life. How are you feeling?? Still on meds??
Thanks DJ
Allison do u know they are just now airing it in Venezuela Jenns dad is dying hahaha
I turn the channel for two seconds and davis on the ground,, wtf happened.
Finishing up the final bit of office work for the week before heading off to Jersey for a shoot
WTF I told my mom im in shit and I can't believe it WTF
Animal Planet<3
That girl from the big bang theory is sexy as fuck!
sounds horrible. Who needs good lighting at a place like the pub. It ruins the ambiance.
what one? And what's up?
a #FrozenStrawberryLemondae sounds fantabulous right about now.
Happy birthday hope you have a blast!!
jai plays tennis... i play tennis...
Housing starts in April 2012 hit seasonally adjusted annual rate of 717,000, up 2.6% from March’s revised estimate (via )
If you describe yourself as 'angry' because a sporting event was postponed by weather, you need medication. Lots of it.
keep up the good work. Can't wait to see you back in action.
Wendy williams wig looks a hot shit
Congratulations to the Royal Family, from a future British hopeful!
In our roles as employee, husband or wife, or as we go about our lives of submission, what does God want our words & actions to show others?
slay me maybe
I'm Cuban too...
Thanks for following me! :)
No problem! How did it go?
Sweet! A trophy from my favorite Aussie Chica Thank you very much!
Cooking the kids sum supper so we can get this night started ;)
11 new Twitter accounts are made every second.
Oh yeah I got bubble tape
Position coach told us today in meetings that after we put pads on our bodies will hurt until a week after spring ball is over.
I've also decided that a lot of things simply don't matter. I am just as happy a chef as a programmer. Object-oriented, recipes...
c# and powershell! RT : What programming languages have you used this year? Tweet using #code2011. Please do it, and RT!
California Dreaming <3
What did I get myself into?
Shaking it up from the UK. rt James Bond, was the first TransMedia franchise! says Flint Dille at TransMedia Summit at
Most coffee is transported by ships. Nowadays there are approximately 2,200 ships involved in shipping the beans each year.
playing 4-sq or ruining ur diet? I was there earlier today picking up 4 breakfast b/f Palm Sunday Service.
Lt. Christopher Mosko of Pittsford died April 26 in combat operations in Ghazni province, Afghanistan. RIP warrior; prayers to the family.
Global regents.
Hey thnx for gettin nick to follow my sis she was really happy to find out <3
thumpin #powerman5000 on ? Wow. Haven't heard that song in a minute. What's next? Soul Decision - Faded?
Drama at Cross Creek in GHSA baseball playoffs, 2 out, 2 run HR in bottom of the 6th ties it at 2
that icon OMfG
Not so sure about that... cc
ok I will let u kno if im coming
Get 90 minutes of pure bliss with the Rejuvenation Facial at Wauwatosa Wellness Center for 50% off! Dont miss it - www.crowdclick.com
RoAr ....don't make me come put ya profs in check....they on' know
u got party??
#thingsilovetosee my family being happy
Sometimes I get so passionate for gay rights that I forget I'm gay. Awkward...
7 a.m track workout
Walking around Ross with 4 inch heels on.
#know12 IT as the new manufacturing: moving info much harder than the physical equivalent. Essential: backbone of modern enterprise
yeah normally it's pretty fire, but today it was really deadly
take me bak to Vegas and I'll love you foreverandeveerrrrrandever<3
Remember-.Your purpose will only be found in service to others, and in being connected to something far greater than your body/mind/ego.
excellent! i knew it had to eventually be a movie:)
I hate that whenever my brain makes a decision my heart tries to talk myself out of it
would like to learn more about crystals
thank you so much
Small minds discuss people..average minds discuss events...great minds discuss idea. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
houston peeps this weekend only every pair of guie shoes $50 bucks!! hurry hurry hurry!
I may not have the cutest eyes, prettiest smile, gorgeous face or perfect body, but I do have a caring heart.
First "stick on puck" reference of the night. Only took 39 minutes. no "fronting"? oh yeah so 2011...
Operator: 911 please hold Me: ok hey stop stabbing me for a sec. Murderer: K
The Year OF Fear Is Growing Near!!!! 8 Years Of Demonic!!!
I just watched the cavs game for 5 seconds... And I'm done for the night.. Hey...! I'm putting in as much effort as they are?!
fuckin dumb bitches!
People of the Lower Valley. Know who your politicians are beholden to before you vote. Mary Gonzalez's list is mostly Austin lobbyists.
we're obsessed :)
Heading New Haven again
mason plumlee will never go for 30. Ever.
#First20SongsOnShuffle 18) I Slept with Someone In Fall Out Boy, And All I got Was This Stupid Song Written About Me - Fall Out Boy.
How did #DonnaSummer die anyone ???
LDP- 29% of companies that responded to survey said they partnered with accredited degree prog as part of their LDP
ouch. You had to work move out today?
I can understand schools leaving SunBelt for CUSA, but CUSA should have taken WKU not Charlotte whose FB hasn't played a down yet.
How was it playing ULTRA? Never got a chance to catch up 2 weeks ago! :0(
Nothing And You ??
i'll be glad when these little bleeders are outta my house , someone left a mega monster shit in my bog this morning
Editing, editing, editing. BUT! I cut 10K from my over-long manuscript. Progress!
My guess is with Mountain Lion in June.
so confussseeeedddd FOLLOW MORE OF YOUR FOLLOWER'S!!!!B!
#FF Come on guys, lets help him get his numbers up! We can make this unknown actor rise to fame ... What?! oh, I see, Disregard
It's Saturday Night, we've got one of Seattle's best DJs, DJ Niros of spinnin' beats all night. Dance 'til it hurts!
in Trig class doing review
Glad You Came
Drinking a La Bealtaine White Fire Wheat Ale by ...Perfect after 5 mi run!
Hell ya 25 days left :)
We're happy to have you! Thanks for your awesome article!
I still can't breathe! OH MY GOD!
Heading to the gym with my twin sister. Boy, this weight training is kicking my butt.
sucks being monolingual
#Dolphins - we're getting a "football guy" so I guess Jack McKeon is outM. What a joke!
RT since its officially summer, I better be seeing you soon. #otherhalf << I'm back in Indy!! <3
iM GIVING AWAY TICKETS FOR THE CONNECTICUT SUPERFEST, I ONLY HAVE A FEW LEFT. EMAIL ME
It really is. I'll definitely keep you posted when it is officially in press and the pre-print gets archived.
dancing in my basement with Tiffani, Ellen, and Josh you?
Getting back to dis money$$$#Gone to work
No Bro
Where can I hear some of your music at
Q5: The best advice is keep the phone handy and be sure each kid has a lovey or something from home.
i'm excited about this. {RT : Want to hear a secret? We have a new morning speaker series for you—The Percolator.
Just got done watching The Dew Tour.........what a great job Wade and Allo Sports along with NBC are doing with this event!
is the great
what if the Hokey Pokey.. IS what it's all about?
It's hard to stay to stay happy and energized when u have miss attitude working across the table from you.
Digital Power Controller targets isolated power supplies.
Happy Friday! All day you call-it $9.88 tans! Time to get Halloween HOT!
i am not going to school tomor
Too much drama for one night... :/ why can't we just all be happy..
Turns out it's not going to be tonight on my bday. Poor woman has been in labor for almost 30 hours.
“: I'm the coach nigga. Do whatever I want” Ahh, you got me. Not the real coach. Just some Punk. Got it
I think they're confused too. They must not have been watching the Canucks or Blues series.
It's hard to "like" new ideas. Saying, "I like something", implies past knowledge - not new. I prefer to just stare at new ideas for a while
A public official was the victim of what police say was domestic violence. We have the paperwork & info. We're debating...
good people deserve it you.
nah, did you go to school?
I WAS AT THAT FUCKING FLASH MOB .
I swear ... Its snowing for
Super exited about an Auburn grad being the CEO of Apple! All the more reason to fuel my Apple addiction! War Eagle!!
Wide awake and Grinding ... Sending Love .. P .. Light to U and Big Mama ... Peace
Half of my heart got a grip on the situation, half of my heart takes time.
24 Million were born this way
Hey, thanks for the follow. How did you hear about Skillshare?
I went to the library last night. Can you believe they gave me a card & I can read as many books as I want - for FREE?
24oz peach smoothies @ big foot java
Whats Up Bro.
hahaha I can't stand the human race sometimes,
fantastic dinner with great friends always makes for a good evening! love the Fou Frog
Unless Sean Payton gets fired, #Saints will be fine as long as they re-sign Drew Brees.
82 BV Latour Reserve #Cabernet (2of2). Dark red. Pure Cab nose. Aged, sound & remarkable tannin edge. Black & red fruits 86 pts
I am almost as sick of hearing about the Manzo bunch as the Kardashians!!
It should be illegal for taxi drivers to have Delilah on the radio.
I def dont feel like going to this damn chase bank & giving them 3 dollars so i can get 20...
That awkward moment when your bf and mom start talking and giving you a hard time..
2 tired 2 tweet. Wish I had more time. Off to z land.
I should clarify. It was A farm fresh egg, a cup of veggie oil, some lemon juice and truffle salt to make the mayo. And now my arm is sore.
i think im going to delete this account, no one talks to me and im hardly ever on here.
Congrats! That's so awesome! RT 4000+ views on me YouTube channel. Thanks for all the support!!! Seriously
Well that was random... lmao.
I heard Adam Schefter drop the 'GD' on Mike and Mike this morning on ESPN Radio. I thought I was hearing things because it was unbelievable!
Brazil's new consumer class flocks to US to buy The overstuffed bags filling Fernando Mello's luggage cart wobbled precariously as the gy
Showcase your #portfolio for free on www.Shastic.com and WOW everyone!
I just experienced my first paper cut ever. waaaah :(
Congrats to Dana Baldwin, Portland Museum of Art in Maine, Art Museum Educator of the year.
always looking classy. what an amazing guy, aye?
Where were you today when Kornheiser called Minnesota a city?
Great! Keep it up<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
aye. follow back? I know you wanna (;
This past month of my life has been absolutely life changing and great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
what happened to the Setisodes?
True Story: Got a free cab ride from Haight to Ocean Beach at 2:30am today.
DeCosta said in the paper he thinks they'll get one of their top 20. Does that mean they're not trading down?
Today's the day
Lot on my mind
Oh oh oh... So Hannah Mahoney IS dating someone from San Diego..Question is, is it or the Trevor guy she talks to all the time?
Thanks so much for your thoughtful questions Lynn.
Bout to head to compton
this is why riding around on death machines is a bad idea.
Ah, Friday how I missed you. But really looking forward to your friend Saturday so I can pick my kids at camp in the morning.
errands, laundry, etc. Routines will turn 2 habits that cn optimize yr life .
That's How You Feel Cuzo!
Yep, totally agree. The other side to what I said is that some cars do NOT need automatic trannies.
The purina benefil commercial with black lab and master playn with a tennis ball tugs at your heart strings
“: I don't care what cha say....the Clippers being in the playoffs, just seems ODD.”
Arrived @ beach house. Key won't open door. Forced to bunk in garage tonite. Not great start to weekend.
Wat u doing
Potato Platform? RT : I believe we're in the #MrPotatoHead era of technology adoption
Outreach concert at all girls school in Dorchester this morning. Good way to start off the day!
being in the hunger games >>> cramps
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Charlie and the chocolate titties
lol airports closed down for inspection! But the mall is open! Lol have fun, be safe, maybe aftershocks, hope not!
come on clippers
Starting to learn that people, no matter who they are, will never mean what they say. Anyone will disappoint.
This is a good weekend to check out your running shoes for the Race. Replace every 300-500 miles....
you never gave me your email and I don't have your phone number. I have a couple photos for you
good to know that :)
please dont put the two together.
RT : Only 2 hours left till we announce the winner of the VIP table for BORIS tonight! Have you RT'd yet??
Worked and then spent the remainder of the day being a lazy bum. How about you? =)
hahaha i'm looking at college rankings (#procrastinating) and #wustl has the least economic diversity of any top 25 school - surprising? no.
so what should iconiacz be exited for ?????
Same here!
You know you're down, right?? A little status update and uptime ETA would be useful. Miss you.
okay you're really staring to piss me off.
Finally Chicago has an alternative station once again!!
You can say that you don't miss me; I think about you everyday.
Congrats to former colleagues at on the move to FM
Will the real slim shady--- Paris Jackson please stand up
: I respectfully disagree with you re Wilders, but you are welcome to say it - since I live in the Free U.S.
but I follow u;)
| Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday! Where is your practice located?
for millennials, green is the new goth
Take care of your eyes. RT : This morning on The Hawaiian Eye . KHVH radio AM830
We need to learn how to love one another and accept one another.
Besides the Olympics & the disgust for the French, I feel like online piracy is one of the only things creating a common unity among nations
Don't miss "My Week with Marilyn" this weekend at the Varsity Theatre!
mine too!!!
If you just take my hand. There's no turning back now. Baby try to understand.
sorry doll! Been with family and beyson said you were in lamar. Are you in Denver?
Job interviews require preparation like before an exam: research, answers, questions, attire and bring copies of your resume too.
we have such a loving friendship
My photos of our photographer at work: RT : Check out photos from Day 1 of our Forty Under 40 photo shoot:...
Always cup the balls
The best things for us are usually the things that don't interest us.
I really wish would stop "teasing" us so much. I'm so excited to see
Fletcher says he has a passion for our city.
Ashley trying to tweet until he follows her back... #FAIL. lmfaoo
how about them #Spartans of Michigan State, they looked good yesterday.
Happy Hump Day! Fill in the blank: My favorite shampoo/conditioner right now is __________.
To be fair, Caps were lucky to have been that close to begin with.
idk what you're trying to say lol
on vacation with mom lil nephew and my two favorite sisters casey and ashley.having so much fun.
For the CBI Tournament to date our projected data is - ML 71% ATS 71% Totals 50%
Yea! I just got a note from Amazon that my pre-order book from is shipping!
Really? This just happened & you go off & tell people? -.- its no ones business.
You should start transitioning to whisky lemonades now. Summertimez!!
If everything is cyclical then what will be the counterpoint to the explosion of new electronic media consumption devices. Remember books?
tea or no tea. There is no 'attempt'
There nothing more uncommon then common sense.
I promise you don't lol
watching you now but it wont let me log into facebook D:
o hahaha I think they were kidding!
love is a game that two can play &both win. -Eva Gabor
Just saw 2 elderly gentlemen get out of a cab and one said to the other "I'm high but don't give me any ideas"
Ohio welcomes us back w/ a Tornado Warning, lighting & hail. Unlike DC, at least we have basements here.
I wouldn't
going to sleep. heading to #GreatWolfLodge in the morning!
I know it
OMG SUMMER . HURRY UP <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
: Please show your support for American #POW captured in Afghanistan Sgt #BoweBergdahl, held 1034 days.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : All the hood mothers gonna be down moby's tonite....watch
So like, you're into video games as much as I'm into vegetarian food and being healthy. Awesome :D
Holiday Inn is launching another hotel brand...do you think there are the market is already too crowded or is there room for them?...
I got it baby
nothing really thats why I was asking
Nice! My place completely flooded, now I need to move again. Bummer! So now I can't get an Xbox, time to save once again for one!
Everything is 2.0 these days. But 3.0 can't be the new 2.0. They'll need something jazzier. I predict we go from 2.0 to threesies.
Those coffee carafes are too good at keeping stuff hot sometimes. I think I just had a cup of coffee from yesterday...
he meant to say
Great choice - thanks so much!
Great question, if you have #won you must wait 30 days until you can win again. Glad you like the #phillyhunt camera! Congrats!
Had an awesome night just getting home 1:15pm can't wait to do it aging with my best homie
So moving to LA is becoming more and more of an option for me....
“: I've never met a drug dealer who had blue cross blue shield” <----hahaha
I wanna go work out just dont have any motivation. Been like that the last couple weeks.
lmao thats where i know you from?
Would you like free promotion? Email me at for details.
who do i need to beat up
": We're #FREE tonight from 6-9pm. Tour the Renaissance collection at 6 & 7 Memling's "Portrait of a Man" "
Changes coming in how operates online within the coming weeks; Temporarily linking some websites to social accounts.
girl I used that term very very very loosely!!!
#Word! RT : we should be grateful all the time!
Thanks again!
Funny how when a hot model-esque blonde chick wants a van full of babies, men fall all over her, but when I say that, I get <crickets>
Question! Will you guys be meeting fans for free at Springle Ball?
I need magic bubbles pronto pronto
Dispatch warlock and Ajax to bring back his body
wait wait wait wait wait
I'm missing my boo, I could be in the bed bunned up but no lol
You say Paranoid....I say Insightful!
"put it on the band card" hahaha
I ain't usually lost for words, this is got to be the first. & I tryna find the reason why I'm stu stu stuttering.
Agreed. My hormones will make me cry about enough stuff now---I don't need to find new reasons!
wow what an awesome wrap up to the story. Thanks for sending it over my way.
Is enjoying reading facts
Tech week. Performances May 6th and 7th. Let the show begin!
Wish I was attending #ACL this weekend for Stevie Wonder, , Brandi Carlile, , Fleet Foxes, Ray LaMontagne
I need to go shopping.
Oh. Now I want tea. And curry. Not necessarily together.
< Thanks for the Follow
Just "liked" your Facebook page and glad to be in touch here on Twitter.
- Yikes! Glad you made it home safely. Better late than never. :)
you two need some orbit... #dirtymouth?
reply me please
well it helps them get popularity and for the show wants to know all ur biz etc. And u have to sign contract so basically they
Damn I wish chase wasn't so fine
that's awesome! we've been hearing that a lot lately :)
Nadine McCarthy WG'12 is bringing fine jewelry sales online with curated pieces and independent design on Oristocrat
RT : Heading to the Bay Area? Book a table at Michelin-starred Luce at ; chef de cuisine is Daniel Corey.
If a shark bites you, you die? Pretty sure Bethany Hamilton would disagree.
it's just lyrics from a song
Busy few weeks at FOCUS -- from Alaska down to Hawaii across to Nebraska and lots of place in between! We hope to see you soon too!
yea I got my vehicle
And even the stars, they burn. Some even fall to the Earth. We got a lot to learn, but God knows we're worth it. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
ha that's wasup bruh..next week Monday then, b ready cuzzzz
So happy you enjoyed the visit and <U+2665> the Dr. Dre + James Brown reference.
He probably won't except the fact that I miss him!
Enjoyed #MBU543 Have a good summer.
RT : #Inspiration MT : 7 WY women who beat breast cancer or dedicated their lives to the fight!...
A lot of times people mistake my kindness for something else. And it's frustrating as shit.
Joe - All The Things
Forgot to add pregnant to my last tweet
“: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."----#message #SUCCESS”
Worse thing u can do is trying to get too know someone through texting...takes away the reality of things...
Just jumped on the #agencystate presentation. Looking forward to the outlook.
I'm gonna consider this an official invite to the farm. Amen.
Tracey v. Solesky just turned a pit bull into the underwriting equivalent of an unfenced swimming pool with legs.
hey are you open to trades?
What kind of back surgery is she having?
I enjoyed Garp but liked The Hotel New Hampshire more.
At 50 yrs old i cant believe i still want my mommy when i am sick. This sucks!
theres this little that wants you to follow her.Please make her dream come true.I know you will blake:-)
when is it?
Follow and retweet if you want to see my young big boobs :)
Brilliant as always girl!!
I just saw a video of you teaching at PDS. Nice job! Clearly transformational teaching is occurring!
«i need a good tv show to get hooked on (preferably one on netflix). Any suggestions?» The Wire. Otherwise, Homeland.
"Shift Change?" U know the END of the Day when (every1 just wants 2 go home) SMH U just don't 2 do any more paper work or OT .. (C)primetime
To develop 399 Gregory St., a vacant lot, for housing/commercial. Fixing story to be more clear. Thanks for feedback.
I'm in the May issue page 52. Timeless Tips
i love you!
Come on Lakers.
"I wasn't that drunk..." "Dude, you picked up a little mexican girl and screamed, 'DORA! I NEED YOUR MAP TO GET HOME!'"
Why must Kellog use the word thrust and penetration over and over
Greenville High in Las Vegas. Louisville Magic 49 New Heights 64 with 2 minutes to play. High level basketball here at #adidas VIP run.
name and school! thanks
nothing today but work -__-
New reality tv concept: highly successful CEOs takeover and run government organizations for a month. First episode: TSA
I give up... my eye will forever twitch..... );<
So excited about SAA pre-conf workshop on email preservation w/XML (#0111), but these pre-workshop readings are a doozy.
Off to ytown
YOUR A BEAST! ;)
COME ON PIZZA!!! HURRY UP!!
I cant get dick.. ):
In a bed full of bitches, I betcha bite a bitch
how about discust !!!
your fault lol
Finally finished my songs I recorded and selected on CD for the mlk celebration. Wish me luck tonight on audition www.cobbcounty.org.
Hey Austin it's me from the beach I really wanna see you again so I will think positive and never say never Hint superman :)
lmao y'all a mess
Day 1 swapping in a health shake plus brewers yeast instead of my daily oatmeal. Kinda hungry, but feel amazing.
I miss my bed
u see I'm trying :-)
Hi Mel, OverDrive is constantly making upgrades to its service. Check back for updates!
Getting some lessons from Ali! Need all the help I can get going from a classically trained flutist to jazz and improvisation! Yikes..
hi andrea its bella how is your christmas break gonig r u good tweet back thank u
snowballing is fucking hot.
When one direction is on the radio >>>
twitter is outta control tonight, omfg.
Oh, no! I cried writing it, actually. Multiple times. But hopefully it ended in a good place for you? :)
#ThirstTrap | ": DM's ONLY! Tell me somethin you always wanted to tell me. I'll keep it between us!"
What's with Jennifer Lopez's ugly red dress?
come to my job again when I'm not here...and see what happens to you
Love clean sheets, hate making the bed. Someone do this for me. *rings butler bell*
Thanks, Have you read it yet, ?
excited to be here!
Evergreen Healthcare () named Dr. Scott Stuart medical director for the Progressive Care Unit and Care Mgmt
i need a keynote speaker for my staff retreat in november. someone in ga preferably; i'm flexible on the topic at this point. any ideas?
“You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.” - Denis Waitley
Wait with a Praise!!!
haha I'm definitely still shitty about it!!
Are you still in grad school? How do you have so much free time? I'm going to cook breakfast, do hw & go to the gym.Morning all
So, I'm an #NPR reporter, and every time I start to talk, I am compelled to say "so." Why is that?
Everything's turning green *almost* right before my eyes. Don't think it's ever happened in March before.
I still think I'm gonna win the original bet but it'll be close. Not sure I'd make the same bet with a newborn today.
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 20 | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tourney today #letsgoladybraves:)
Its only at NL ballparks they do that. I actually like it like that. I wish both leagues had the pitcher bat.
What makes you say that?
Already home, awesome trip
Somewhere there's a someone for me
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Why is it such a shock that Obama supports gay marriage? I think that's great, but I thought it was obvious that he did?
Did a 4 mile walk for March of Dimes on Saturday and didn't get sore or winded. I average 3 miles a week.
Rodriquez provides context for #communitycollege 's role in improving American society and educating our workforce.
Fuck you thunder you can suck my dick.
We are out n about tonight. Feel free to call ahead for a ride: 414-272-ride
Justice Alito (US SC) delivers opinion in Hamilton v. Lanning involving calculation of a debtor's "projected disposable income" under Ch 13.
148Apps is first in my mind, then maybe AppAdvice or AppCraver. If its a game, reach out to TouchArcade.
nope can't think of nothing. Except Juan Rivera with the tallest home run ever
My dudes are all living
i need a tampon, cause when i get a nose bleed, i bleed a lot!!
Of course, right after I send that last tweet. #Caps come down 3-on-2. What a passing play.
I've been having a lyrical explosion the last two days.
Floyd Is Too Fast
Love that I got to spend 1.5 days in cloud cuckoo land, but finding the mundanities of life challenging now.
Working late and listening to The Shins
aye whas up
that place is so good. Had them in Denver growing up.
You should scream at a pillow.
I hate when I can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside I know they probably haven't thought about me once.
in AZ tonight... congress!
Good morning! “Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement.” - Henry Ford
Now, listening to John McNabb discuss vulnerabilities in drinking water supplies.
The evolution of Social Business and Social Government lands in DC for the first time ever. Where else would be tmrw?
Truly the comeback of the century!!
Happy Birthday ! :-)
2012 #mitenergyconf focused on macroeconomy, policy, ect. Reflection of US energy tech today? What happened to econ viable innovation?
understand everyone has those dayslol well imgonna check right now! haha if i punch u in the face im sory instant reaction
I often go to Paris to live yesterday tomorrow Because Paris is a place of dreams
#MONUMENTAL: In Search of America’s National Treasure LIVE, a celebration of America's story of faith & freedom comes to theaters on 3/27.
Man really dnt feel like bein at work this early
come here
Okay. Just checking.
Ordering pizza <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
So, is granola a breakfast cereal or a topping? I'm confused...
FREE Seminar this Saturday (Armitage and Halsted) at 2pm on How to a)Eat for Weight Loss & b)Keep your Resolution!
Thank you
Another Bob Marley dream...what does this mean?
earthquake shook Cheesetique in Alexandria pretty good. Crazy.
ok u. An start
Ah, honey, honey. Nice pic!
Pillsbury, Fulbright merger talks stall, sources point to Fulbright succession issues and unfunded retirement plan. Story in DJ.
Court this morning... Eww... $220.00 later, I'm no longer a criminal. Justice has not been served... :(
Are you going to be attending May's Social Media Breakfast? We have the proud honor of being the facility sponsor
Pretty sure I just had oj, coffee and chocolate cake for breakfast after my 4 mile bike ride
Thank God 4 waking me up this morning & thank God 4 my Wife & Kids & Thank God 4 a Job with Chicago Fire Dept as a paramedic.
but u can handle that player player!
My favorite email recvd on Monday..."All I can say is WOW. I have never received so many emails during the weekend on a project like this."
I am so confused right now hope I am not in some serious trouble. Fml
and not forgetting :) RT : Congrats to all 2012 Business of the Year finalists...
2 teenage girls hanged themselves a year ago in a small MN town. Tonight, their mothers' bond & warning for other parents. KSTP at 10.
Sugar coma? Ah, maybe in July when the rush from eating enough treats to stock a bakery wears off. All good!
You a Baller you a Baller pay me in bud.......
Keep getting message |There was error sending to MealsMatter account, check the selected social networks & resend
What is your favorite thing about ??
the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
some things just aren't okay.
Your Limit Has.Expired On Ebt #bitchcalmdown We Got Child Support!
so then cat /dev/limbo | sed 's/christian/g' > /dev/null should get everything back on track?
Reviving the sadly neglected LITAForum twitter account. :-)
only if you give me beef jerky, RIGHT NOW.
My 17 *month old niece just called me a jew..
S/o for the follow bro
well, thank you, and yes, let's get together some time to celebrate the achievement of the ridiculously improbable
I'm sorry. I just can't hear you over the sound of me being so awesome.
Wednesday is *Kids Eat Free Day* (10y & under with adult combo purchase)! We'll be looking for you later today
Congrats to our partner and trainer, Luis Gajardo, for being named Head Trainer for Special Needs for the Florida Youth Soccer Association.
it says 15" diameter... sounds small..
Hope you have a great workout!
fact: gchat works when you are in different buildings _too_
Your mom digs locally-designed clothing & accessories! We have lots of amazing last minute gifts & are open til 4p.
How else would they be able to filter out Google Scholar?
Ah ha. One of those hit by a car moments.
Bizarre, Everytime I see the movie THE CHANGE UP come on, I find myself watching again. Lots of great one liners in this one
As a child, Hillary Clinton wrote to NASA inquiring on how to become an astronaut, NASA replied saying girls could not be astronauts.
The Clapper people need to expand their services to thermostats so I can turn down the heat without having to go downstairs.
lol the high school exit exam where I live is prounced like my name to(: and thanks for the dear(:
<------ From ME .. This is 4 all the People that who can make a few calls & smh break the fabric of society ( Yes U R doing the write tings)
Giving thanks this morning with Greater Abyssinia Baptist Church and Reverend E.T. Caviness.
Damn she got a fat rack of tittes.
Working on a new feature for NewRockNews43. Check in this week for the first of many!!
HEY HEY HEY its fat albert. (; i still say that.
#InTheSummer this would be me going to bed early, but tonight I am purely exhausted
ok.....handle that bruh
Follow me so I can dm you about happenings and recommendations while in there! Please and thank you! :)
she said yes
You dont gotta fake or front ... Just be you :)
is the best. No question. <U+E418>
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy your weekend all!!
I haven't gotten my confirmation postcard in the mail yet for the #minimarathon what should I do??
I really hope the Memphis Grizzlies aren't in the process of blowing another big lead against the stupid Clippers and stupid Blake Griffin.
ALL! I want to see them ALL!
Yes, I'd agree.
hello lovelies, have a wonderful Saturday!
If only the boy who did that like followed through and let me know who the hell we was.
Am I going to have to be the responsible one on this trip? Not a good thing.
I like to think they sent it only to me, and are all sitting around a table fretting about whether or not I'll join.
idk man,i really been thinking about it :/
Did I mention that I accept Andy Miller Funbucks?
I haven't forgotten about my site gathering for you just an FYI :) *waves*
you're gorgeous.
slain in Solonica Harbor.
Sun beginning to set in Kill Devil Hills ... Makes me miss coastal living ... Thank God for #ESPN #obx ...
Funny Insult: Do you want people to accept you as you are or do you want them to like you?
Did I mentioned that I'm a #Sixers fan ..... Well just making sure yall remember!
That moment when your mom is washin clothes nd she finds a condom in your pocket. #Awkward!! 9_9
Houston Rockets great Calvin Murphy was born today in 1948. Murphy still holds records for most consecutive FTs made (78) and FT % at 95.5.
Did u get any easter eggs yet Kim
First place baby!!!
hey, nice music, & thanks for the follow! :-)
::Looking bashfully at our feet:: Sorry for spamming your Twitter feed.
Good luck to you and safe travels!
whats new on the twitter side friends
A Mother NEVER Realizes that her Children are no longer Children. #truth #unconditional #LOVE #blessingsfromabove :)
YES I GOT A 95 ON NYSSMA
- Definitely a favorite!
The Bears need 2 RBs or does Forte want to carry the ball 350+ times along with 50+ catches all himself. 4yrs-$14mill, I say good signing.
I don't know of any with a vegan focus. You might contact a regular service and see if they could do it for you.
Thank you for all your support bessie! <3 you!x
We've just reached 100 followers!!! So exciting !Thanks Rochester!! we will be tweeting soon!!!
Have you checked out Aaron Horkey's incredible poster for your Boston show?
#mydumbinjury trying to break up a fight between my boys n getting hit with a beer bottle in the head, 20 staples n glass in my head <U+E407>
Yeah exactly, your car overcompensates to maintain the speed if it's going up/down a hill so it uses more gas.
2 all gamers r last.fm page has been updated new pics, bio, and tracks! More 2 come....
nice try, jets.
The limits are pushed every single day of our lives. If it's family, friends or anything for that matter we find a way to overcome it!!
You want some candy or a whooping.. Ugh a whoopin
passion all day. That's my vote. Tomorrow marks the 10th year of my quitting security to follow my passion.
I'm excited to have you on board!
a lot of nice things said about us today, thanks. now come get some drinks!
Second that (yes, it's noon here but still...).
I think that personal brand stuff is inauthentic. We should be who we are & allowed to have personal, private spaces!
Harsh wind + a glacial 20ish degrees. Thx to the boys - Kanye, Jay-Z, etc - for getting me thru this AM's run. Bag me up, I'm frozen.
The Power are a game out of first place with 3 games remaining. The Playoffs are in our grasp! LETS GO POWER!
Thanks boys!
Nothing but a blue horizon All around us Like a glove
lmfaoo I mentioned the wrong person my fault
props to , he made it onto a slide at
Every time I have chocolate cake for breakfast, I think of Bill Cosby.
oh ok cool... im in pompano
I'm impatient. I wish I would hurry up a learn some patience!
Oh, It's Always Sunny.
#Lakerfans get mad at us when we win...but oh boy...Ya'll are the NBA'S worst noise talkers...so shut it up and take it..
Hey check us out:)
Underwriters: At this point, I sort of wish they'd ask me for a pint of blood instead of more student loan paperwork.
Was asked by to do a talkback with him. (Did I need to?) I liked him. Clearly he saves up the poison. Ugh.
All I do is win.
well your pic is uglier !!!
i hope fanny pak messes up honestly
Whether it's your first or your fiftieth, a good Tweetup is great fun. Join us Friday 10/28 at Embassy Suites, 6:30-10pm...
try to join a research group. might be some over the summer and it is variable credit, so you could just take what you need.
It just pisses me off to no end that Dick gets excited like that. WTF.
We have gotten almost through the W's...can't be long now until the PICNIC!! And 500 new alums!
aw! my pleasure! much love!! :) oxoxo
I'm a big fan of the Saturday signing. Might only have a yr or two left, but that's long enough to groom a replacement
will do!
haha well then you are a
...shooting day...
Finally, 15 minutes in, Kimmel and Fallon tell us best supporting comedy actress is Julie Bowen of Modern Family.
"Unlock the box and secrets dispel This life is our heaven, of course there’s no hell..."
Catsup or ketchup?
Yes, I think freshly-squeezed lemon drops would be wonderful. You should see the size of these lemons - more like grapefruit.
Absolutely lovely place & the ambiance, decor,variety,quality food, location & economical price! Best in Baltimore!
A book never written- "How to win the Lottery" by- Jack Pott.
gone need you this week
Mr.Cole probably thinks I'm avoiding the research paper!
Ha, it was not my own doing. The dang phone came without any WiFi reception. And my phone plan didn't cover Internet access.
Great class, Greg! Thank you!
RT Aw snap my 800th follower will get a free Korean Burrito aka "K-Ritto" from tell your hungry friends...
it's not photoshop... it's Styrofoam painted black and but into a circle then cut more and glued to my head..
Sry im nt on twitter im in chicago and cnt access a computer im on my phone rite nw luvz ya peepz
5 _ 1 reds. Back to Back home.runs.
NEW FEATURE: There is now 'Solar Radiation' data in the API.
Loving life :)
I'm drinking a bottle of water and eating an apple... healthiest thing I've done in a year.
#5 - and thanks for the call.
Seriously, why isn't George Zimmerman in jail yet? Florida continues to be an embarrassment.
We've got Johnson in the Castle this morning. Castle University training for our associates always rocks!
My cousin is getting ready to open his present and my other little cousin went up and told him everything he got. LOL
I can't believe some senator compared Marijuna to opioids. Opioids is a whole different game, they get a hold of u & it's hard to let go.
Ladies do not start fights but they can finish them! #BringIt!
“: Im follow and retwwet and i will follow U BACK”
The flat topped one decides tomorrow. Cats fans fingers are crossed for sure.
#wmata T2 bus 7050 is broken: keeps automatically pressing "stop requested" at every single stop
8000 yard practice.
Thanks to Facebook, I know what most of my friends bathrooms look like.
Kinda annoyed :/ my headsets keep breaking. The funny thing is I take good care of it & yet it still breaks. :'(
shit or shine. truth is truth
What a beaut!
I'm turning on every light in the house tonight at 830PM eastern.
CHECK OUT WWW.COLOURFULMONEY.NET FOR TOP CLOTHES, DESIGNS, & PHOTOGRAPHY IN ATL!!!
"I don't know if this is a good strategy, but it seems to be a strategy." - Chris Webber on the Clippers intentionally racking up technicals
He's amazing:3
what's some advice you would give to a band just starting out to get their name out there? We've played so many empty shows.
great post
Love this gal! : Li Na thanks the sponsors, ball boys, chair umpire, linesmen, her team, crowd, basically everyone but China.
Ducks going to the Rose Bowl, beating OSU 37-33.
“: takes some amazing photo's on all from his iphone. cc: ”Thank you Ken! Glad you like them!
I just hope everything works our for the best
Time to get rid of this old jacket. Got more holes in it than a getaway car.
Had a conv. with a girl work in purple dt Seattle. I guess a wine/dinning is not far away
Did you know can buy a new kitchen table and 4 chairs for only $299??? Well you can !!!
lady n front of us was a UofL fan, she was rootin so hard for ISU n when we dump-trucked em after they tied she just crumbled
i gotta say. Movie looks like it could be the second notebook
woohooo and really im taking u up on that
To recap #INStateFair hearing: Judge to decide next week on schedule & whether he needs to issue a stronger protective order for evidence
but i think she may be the smarter of us two
I need to attend "reality show rehab".
Norfolk state is the 1st #15 seed to move on since #Hampton in 2001 nuts
I'm still confused why the #Astros have a hot sauce packet race. Oh well, time to get swept! Go #Brewers!
stop your making me laugh so hard. Can you write these story for me site.. the power of a child's lack of hearing..hee hee
To which email address? Yahoo?
So how are you going to be a badd influence on me?
Scanner info? RT : Burns to stomach and throat. Child having a hard time breathing, life flighted to Emanuel
Fuck work here comes the IPAD3
what comes around goes around #karma'sWatching
Dimensions are only layers in the mind. Want to see something?
Inhale the green, exhale the mean.
hey...hows your insomnia?
I haven't yet. I'm going to watch to the new season.
I have always loved the phrase: "As pure as the riven snow."
Nothin a Lil Uncle Mo can't fix
my noon is 3pm
Looking forward to connecting with you!
d'aw.
no but i'll check it out now is it on your youtube chanell?
Grandma is spanish and african, she know she hot!;)
you're welcome! Happy to do it! Very interested in your work.
I was into throwing strikes before it was cool. RT C.J. WILSON'S MANTRA OF "THROW STRIKES" WENT MAINSTREAM TOO QUICKLY.
Boston Area Small Press and Poetry Scene: The Aurorean Editor ...
All over, but most importantly, with Mke Public Schools. (Your foundation is wrapping up the Six Sigma review of our effort)
Your tweets crack me up Meech!
Billboard Latin Music Awards Score Ratings Win - Billboard
2:34 left...u can do it usa
Aw thanks... I do <3 me some coffee!
They want to buy 3 million bucks of iPads when we don't have adequate staff, security or custodians.
that is very well described. Except my events take like, 1, so thats even worse.. uh.. I bought food to share at least.
#digitalindia George Lucas owns the rights to the word “Droid”
NOTICE SPEIDI BITCHES AND COMPLAINS AND THERE'S NO MENTION OF LAWYERING UP
That is how the Forbes article frames the argument, though.
workout tonight gotta lose some pounds
“: will you come to Tennessee too this summer. With and kj” YES!!! (:
I thought gen was atheist
My homeland is an expensive place, no? Good luck finding the right place! When in doubt move inland!
Let's. Go 49ers
That Mouse always sounded to me like he was a little too desperately trying to fool everyone into thinking he was really a flying squirrel.
Thanks for the follow. I'll have to keep your store in mind sometime soon
but I bet he spends too much time getting ready and can't possibly have the stable of horsepower that you do.
RT : #Leo Who will sing karoake in a karaoke bar with you - Louis
I never met anyone who didn't have a very smart child. What happens to these children, you wonder when they reach adulthood? Fran Lebowitz
Let's chill in arizona and skate at pecos skate park! Who's up for this??
oh ok ..haha yeah even a bit early normaly i dont wake up that early on a saturday :'D its 9:40
If you've always wanted to try Pilates---today is the day--I will guide you through every move!
Kobe bitch ass got 29 and they down 22. Greedyman has strikes again
Check out basketball tv show today across the state on CWKYT at 1:30 pm. Highlights, player features and more on the 15-2 Pioneers
Coffee once had a "bilge" as a nickname.
Last Night Was Really Good.. && I LOVE
-Hes definatley amazing!! Wouldnt wanna be with anyone other than him!(:<3
Shout out to the guys who don't hate on full-length skirts
Media spectacle is the way to media celebrity. It is not about meaningful content.
& presenting on Stillwater Lab/Vectors project
We went to 2, if that makes you feel better.
He doesn't have to...He LIVED IT!!!
First day on the job. It's gonna be a damn good summer.
when is Noel sending in his LOI?
Happy New Year!
i put my classring by the cross and your gold chain <3
How can I help you If you don't help yourself!
Love this. Thanks for the reminder. RT : "The Last Lecture" by Randy Pausch
You should stop by and do a #wine tasting!
I got glasses :)
Kiss my ass
ANYONE KNOW THE SONG (GOT YOUR BACK) I LOVE IT?? REPLY BACK [PLZZZZ
Wednesday is definitely not playing.....I havent even left my desk for lunch yet. Yikes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thx for spinning our tunes :)
hm...that coulda been it LOL
One doesnt realize the importance of the 'up' arrow on your keyboard until one no longer has an 'up' arrow
thanks for repeating me,..
OU to the PAC-12? Next best thing to the original Big 12
Thank you...congrats to you as well, hope your new gig is working out. i'm so excited it's like the night before vacation! lol
RT I guess we won't be hearing the Fojol Brothers truck blasting any music by Das Racist.
"You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler." Denis Waitley
Come to Buffalo, NY for a signing!!!! :)
looking for creative marketing efforts to high school girls for homecoming and prom dresses...any ideas???
your tweet was on TV and I also am from San Antonio !!!!(:
- thanks for the RTs ladies! Happy Friday. Enjoy Mother's Day weekend!!
No medium can really be immediate because then there would be no medium.
Starting to feel allergies? Take a tbsp of local honey each day!
So...apparently this is my fault.
lol yeah I will once I get a chance!
damn. Definitely a manly pair of sneaks
UP CHILLIN NTN TO DO NOT REALLY SLEEPY WHO UP WITH A NIGGA...
FUCK A PINK EYE!
I'm just whining. In hindsight I retract my statement. :-)
lol dont trip! What about the computer?
I heard Bella Thorne is getting an Emmy for speaking up about her anorexia. What about Demi? She shouldve gotten millions of Grammys by now.
Running through the pouring rain with friends that don't care about crap makes my day<3
Just when I think I'm done tweeting #lakers get #lower ha ha ha
The 1 Direction band is not bad. They're cool guys...and music is not bad also
These mfers really tryna list on purpose so they can play the bulls in the first round.......Dumb move smh
New Arizona Tote Board Total = $53,302
Holy fuck. I just realized that my ex looks like Louis Tomlinson. Awkward. o.o
I'm forever yours, Faithfully.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Ole Miss leads Kentucky 3-0 in the 1st quarter.
Look forward to speaking to Amy later today about Skeletons of the Muse... wonder what questions she'll have for your muse?? <U+2665><U+266A><U+266B>
ok that's fair.
yeah. that was, um, uncool...
Thx for publicizing this-will check it out MT impromptu rally at Horner Park to march on Mayor's house. Please avoid area
school be drawlin sometimes
great! Want to do something on the levee? Mokka is right up the street. I'm up for anything!
Staying at the Fairmont too for #hicss. Love the sunrise/sunset guide during turndown service. You are right; it's the best!
Playing Halo Reach until 10am!!!!Join if you have XBox live and Halo ODST!
Rock on Matt! Thanks for the shout out. Where do you ride?
Thank you!
get from Dakota man dat nigga got Gucci belts and shit
Any chance you guys want to come by west Soho on Wednesday? Around Hudson & King? Pretty please?
; see you tomorrow ;)
netflix bro
#CanIBeHonestWithYou... I really do get it in...
Hey all I need 4 Brookwood High 9th Grade Cheerleaders for a promo shoot tomorrow inbox me or email me at !!!
A mixed species tag team match? Firstly Lisa would stomp me. Secondly, I don't think my spiders a fighter.
Rockies OF Carlos Gonzalez will be on the show tomorrow morning! Also, Yahoo college football writer Steve Megargee and Troy Renck! AM 1510
just lemme know when
My wish would be for you to wear the pepto-paladin IRL and ingame. for a whole day.
Earth Day Events in the Bay Area Earth Day San Jose. Speakers, vendors, food, music and fashion show. 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Thursday. S
He thinks I secretly hate him...I don't he just won't ever live it down with me LOL": LMAO that was too funny"
chicken & waffles.
jealous yet!
what does the R stand for?
(Finally) ordered a Dwight Schrute bobblehead for my desk at work.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
holy doctor wars! dr richard besser takes on dr oz on GMA - over arsenic in juice. it airs 7am pacific time. we'll have a preview here at 5
I won't be racing today, but ill be at the meet to watch lil' savage tho (:
Can one advocate for neuter/spay and still follow the precept/commandment of not killing anything?
Hi guys, yeah the beta launched in late October. Feel free to put a new listing, it'll get approved asap.
Public schools are running out of funding
what's so funny?
We're planning the Summer and looking forward to some new Speed Camps....stay tuned for more details!
has been offered a 2012-2013 American Association of University Women Postdoctoral Fellowship!
hahah I'm sorry I was excited too
Greetings to and thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio! Have a great Thursday...
In rainstorm :: resilience. A new hauntology :: the adjacent possible. Once you have an inside, you can put things there.
My bangs right now >>>>>>>>>> if only they would stay like that until the morning though -__-
Just watched a girl rear-end a cop. Her day is ruined.
iman everything is getting awesome on here loving it!
He's still on probabtion for that one.
watching Platoon and working on Maya
Im going to marry Oliver Wood. 'nuff said.
- A homie I need to see if you can email me some songs!!
Fucking hate that call me maybe song omg
About Time iGot My Work Permit !
Awesome, man. Nice work. Yes, sir. Got the business cards.
Just got cast in another commercial
BARTENDER... Old Forester Old Fashioned's for my friends and me!
Is it going down tonight or what???
Long Day.Nite World
Clark claiming he's not watching Ohio game as well, Ohio just went up on UNC, waiting for him to have a AT&T "summoner" moment "Oh!"-"Yes!"
what would I get if I could fit the whole text on two - three pages, front and back?
lol I'm Actor Chad Everhart
just trying to contact everyone that's new to following us actually! :) and thanks for the shoutout!!<3
What do you guys think of Miss Me Now?
Everyone's doing the 'backup dance" always after an acquisition lately. Just saying.
Happy Earth Day! - sent from the gas station
Enjoy y'all day and be blessed tweeps
What do u do w/ ur kids 1st day while assessing? We are going from a staggered start to them all coming? Just curious?
What is going on??? We're watching ESPN this afternoon & we've learned that Jville cut Garrad. Why?
BAH NO,i say i just have a twitta><):::
Yes, kids matter - rock their world - make a difference in their lives - they won't forget - "forward and upward".
I just realized...I need a haircut.
Even though I really loved you, Im gonna smile 'cause I deserve to. #L-U-V-LEONA! #Y-O-U-YOUWANNA?
I LOVE ALL THE PG's(PRETTY GIRLSS) out there and if ur a preety grl u would be a HUGE fan of our groop R8D PG check us out on FB & FOLLOW!!
I meant Friday. I have not had coffee. Should not be allowed to tweet before coffee. :(
Well the new Jack White album is spectacular. Of course I expected nothing less.
The Nissan Leaf? Are you kidding me?Did they only market hippies? The Ford Sloth has a better ring to it.
Those look like some quality recommendations! Thanks!
Ok Let's hope I don't once again sleep-convince myself that editing my prospectus in my dreams is "getting good work done"
Today is a nice ass day
Wow. Was so windy riding through Cambridge tonight. Nearly got knocked off bike.
The office is no place for even a well done smokey eye.
hell u up to nigga
love ya! im good, and u?
Love you guys!
Wishing everyone a safe & fun Super Bowl weekend!! Are you cheering on the Patriots or Giants?
: LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE* #tonefide a3
Forget about me. How would my kids feel? Kids' stepmom has a tat. If she got 1 w/her baby's name but not my kids' +
its it scary/awkward ???
Don't forget to follow the Sociology of Emotions Section of the ASA - Good stuff, I promise
All by my damn self.
We built the sets with real food; and in the case of the ones with glass glued in front..we really cooked using the half pots
im pretty sure it was you like 2 nights ago in playlist on that african host not fun -_- seen the FF an was like whatt lol
SPCARBON just donated to Good things to help with Blood and water in Africa. We are sponsoring our own rider Alyssa Aviles
what girl? And Hannah Goddard
That awkward moment when you sent a text to someone that was meant for someone else. (O _ O)
Hyped/honored to be part of the fam!
For the first time I have to shower without music :o
Todd&#39;s Weather at Work: Neyland Stadium
Going on ESPN 101.5 in Etown to break down #Cats and #Cards. Station picks up in a lot of Louisville. Going live right at 5 o'clock.
This school year has truly been an experience since i got here in August smdh the end is near
#ArentYouTiredOf these broke Ass people tryin to "borrow" money knowing damn well they can't pay you back!
Currently pinching myself right now. Life is too good to me. :)
RT : Promise only what you can deliver. Then deliver more than you promise. ~ Author: Unknown ~
I bet! :] I can't wait to come!
Morning Rockstars! > When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are. - Richard Hooker
At Masterpiece reversing for Annie :D then off to Voice Lessons
Look at me now
Thanks to everyone who attended panel about online defamation today at #smwchicago today!
''Stroke, Stroke, Stroke'' ''Stop Mocking Me''
#NOIData - universe selection: vote history, region or precinct, enhanced data, models (more precise but IDs preferred)
Anyone have an invite to Google Wave? :)
"Name?" "Anna Ross." "Anna Roth?" "No, Anna Ross." "Anna Roth?" "Anna Ross. Ross." "*silence*" "As in Dress For Less." "Oh."
@ my gig in West VA. making noise and taking no prisoners. having fun playing some R&B.
love it! Good luck tonight. I'll keep an eye out for some good singles to send your way...do you have a type?:)
I should have had another cup of coffee today.
Bedtime anybody got any good stories
Oh shit ABDC is coming back, love that show
#obrotherwhereartthou is going to be the next trend, thanks to you and I think #Aladdin is going to the vault?
I am not surprised! What year are you?
Congrats! See you at commencements “: Registered for my last semester of classes this morning w/ help fromnew Schedule planner.
not really, we want a rematch for last year!
: thanks for the follow! Pink hugs, Lisa.
hmm.. Charlie Sheen..
On our way to for birthday celebration #1!
curly hair!!! I like it way better I have curly hair 2! We can twin <3
the young man stepped into the hall of mirrors where he discovered a reflection of himself. - kraftwerk
I checked out your site. Nice. If I ever need a UK PR agent - you're my first call.
Hi Susan. Thanks for the retweet! I've been enjoying your posts.
We will now refer to Kyle Zuleger as the #SecretWeapon ... deal?
Proposed name for the Cavallari-Cutler baby: Steeeeeeeeeee-phen.
loove when my brother brings me home candy
Very cool! I'm envious!
Follow my nigga
I love Thursdays.
you should be able to sweet talk the admissions desk and get in. Worked for me.
love them!
What do you get if you cross a cow with an octopus? A cow that can milk itself!
TONS of new #Designer items being listed! Visit my #boutique www.callawayconsignments.com thanks to my wondeful client,
New TOD should be an asset, not a liability in a neighborhood. People want access to opportunities. Infill can bring more "community Flavor"
#Models #Artists #Producers #Djs interested candidates ...hit us up!!!! Tell your friends to get with our friends, we could be friends!!!!
N 235 at Lincoln massive glass on the road. Traffic terrible.
yes. register with NameCheap, host somewhere else, like
i wish everything the best for your mom:)
#RTHT. Go check out His art is amazing and he is willing to draw you up something. He can do anything!
My $'s on Adam! RT : Trying to become mayor of HQ. bring it Amanda & Scott & current mayor Michael! (@ Columbia Sportswear HQ)
I wish I would have found SourceTree a long time ago. Great Git management app!
BYNUM IS AN IMMATURE LITTLE BITCH
My neighborhood looks so good right now
Mama needs Versace shades. Let me win a billion
My sister just said reading is hard
So much to do before #visionexpo next week! We are working hard getting booth #6703 ready for you!
no thats not how you spell it but its cool lol yea i already went this morning
My bra is too small, so, I keep having unplanned nip-slips. STOP. (:
If you haven't been outside yet today I suggest you get out there and soak up the awesomeness
dam gurl drink one for me will ya
girl I'm so beat!!
Israel warns of terror plot in Sinai
Dang I lost a follower:( i'm so unpopular. haha.
RT : Just scrolling through my iTunes and discovered that I own "Pants On The Ground". Self esteem at an all time low.
ooc: I will be so glad when this week is over.
Annoyed tweet.
Thanks for following me
Don't blame Geraldo, Keith. His mustache was just as responsible for his statement as he was.
a third of the '09 THN baseball team and just me hangin out
the higher you move into your organization, the more social capital you need.
the hocky fans use the t. Trust me. I've seen some shit with those clowns. Baseball people drive and are more of a nuisance.
#71168 Your icon is really pretty and I love your bio :)
Life sucks...
I only like running when it's track season, but if I feel like I'm getting chubby I exercise.
I'm still hooked on Manimal! :]
will we see you at clothing company tonight? 6pm!
No hot water on my floor, no breakfast, 4 hour shift ahead of me. I'm off to a great start!
Our #MadeInNY craft beer showcase starts in about an hour! You can buy tickets at the door for $15.
he's just a man whore. -.- excuse my French.
Very gay day thanks to San Diego #CityFest. Almost a year in to this great California adventure.
my 25th is this year...
The Fun album is glorious for sunny days. Seriously
I know i am who I am
lol, I made a typo there, I already corrected it :P lol sorry..
I believe God has a set plan for me and everything will just fall into place
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention I had sex with justin bieber backstage for 30 seconds and now he is the father of my child.
I was busy working and serving at my church. We kicked off a week long community service project.
I knew you would like the surprise. Movie night ASAP!
Too much coffee... Not enough food... Jitters are no fun. I want pancakes...
oh well you been running through my mind al day ^_^
Get your lazy butt out of bed! lalalalala wakey wakey eggs and bakey.. Come & get it.
thanks for the bday wishes! Join us @ the whistler!
Rachel's 21st today. Nothing like waking up the desert mtn alum at 5am especially general Max
#Taurus #100 RT : A #Taurus will bang you like they paid for it.
treating me like family!
My little brother just slapped himself in the face with a slipper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Churn is improved in Q1 2012 due to new package configuration employed . . .
Hey! #lagondmusicstudents performing tonight 6-9:30 Featuring and julia from &more
Should have bought that LESBIAN STUNT DOUBLE shirt at the thrift store. It's not everyday you come across an off centered felt job like that
Such a great week ahead. Big Mothers Day weekend w and our families. The #MaxPayneIsComing Tuesday!!!!! Excited aint the word
probably wasn't since that's a squatter account. More likely
im pretty sure your email doesnt like me, so im trying add the picture to twitter but it hates me too! .__.
Great forum! #SAA2012 #SAA77 forum on InfoTech capacity building in
I LOVE #GIFBOOM . Omg Follow me !
Thanks for the blog tweets! :)
The sooner Jerry Jones is no longer associated with this team, the sooner this team can win. Until then......
Is wishing Everyone a Very Happy Thanksgiving!!!! Think of wht/Who You are thankful for. Have a Gr8 Time! GOD BLESS. :)
Yes! That is a great idea!!!
RT Our next event is Feb 9 - you coming to with us? :)
Bring in an unopened gift valued at $15 or more to donate to Marine Toys for Tots Foundation to receive a FREE oil change!
baha nah simmer that butt! i am a student of music, thank you very much.
Happy Saturday! Sun is trying to come out.
: I'm honest everywhere but the scale @ drs office lol
Knocked out my 2nd (and last) 20 mile training run this morning. Now I get to start the taper to
The grounds are beautiful! The room is a vacation RT : Try to enjoy Orlando, even if this isn't vacation ;)
Does anyone else drive three blocks out of the way just to avoid driving behind a minivan?
It's amazing what a day can make. A little writing, venting and momma's words of wisdom... Do wonders. :)
lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> RT : Today is a great day, not one person has asked me for money at red lights
in a strange way though he as an old school guy demeanor similar to my dad at times (my dad's a bit more accepting though)
Really bitch, really?
yes Educated Guess Cab ROCKS with the Wine Grapes!!
This whole Florida-State-going-to-the-Big-12 talk seems totally implausible and preposterous to me.
Y'all ready know I'm watching Rugrats lol
Mayne getting my money up so I could spend it all on my girl and niggas .
Good Night everybodY. Su tomorrow...
glad you enjoyd it.
It actually feels good to have a night where i stay in.. lets see if i stay in and dont go out later!
LjaiodjoiajIOD YES. Just one thing I must remind you while meeting him.......... YOLO.
Thanks for a great session today!
no homo. and i took your vid
“You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler (you know he's 84 now!)
Sleepy AF on my way to Knock Out City {FOLLOW ME} if u feel me lolz nite twitter ppl !!!!
Naptime? I think yes.
Oh yes, well I'm just the best story teller on the planet and always have a story for EVERY FUCKING THING PEOPLE SAY. ;)
Guess who I am icing tomorrow at Firehouse/AnimalHouse and win a free smirnoff ice! haha
Thanks Paul, Merry Christmas to you too! Hope Santa treated you well!!
who you got for the NBA ??
Heard your nephew&would be there,not tomorrow but next monday, hopefully around 8am, but maybe 9am.
GMAT day. Time to use all that middle school math I relearned in the last 2 weeks.
Tues 15th for Snehasish & s.o.m. our last week of nyc shows this year! 11pm
Going away breakfast for !
It's COMING! The Thin Mint Blast will be here in TWO days! Come in on March 1st to taste a lil' mix of Mocha's and Girl Scout heaven.
Second that emotion.": #cbb2012 looks like a great program--wish I could be there!"
so, if you a need a lover and a friend...
Today is the deadline for Public Library Section officer nominations. Contact Cynthia Carmack with your nomination, or for more info.
My son said he makes about $52 a year. I told him he's going to have to start doing taxes soon.
remember the name
If u dont wanna be treated like a bitch then dont act like one(:
was reading that spain finally introduced non smoking rules. what can i say but yeah!
Whaddup Meghan. Is my group performing at JazzFest for sure in January?
actually we got 2 u via !
Please message me about when it's good to come by to take photos for an upcoming story
for some reason i imagined david hoang would be watching star wars tonight
Libros Schmibros will be closed for Thanksgiving week, and will reopen Wednesday, 11/30. Enjoy the holiday, everyone!
Oh crap, you're a real person.
so pretty.. keep it coming
NIALL!! I get to see you in Chicago February 24th on tour (:
We didn't even date for a month.. "So much better without you" Psssh, bitch shut up.
i'm not giving up, i'm just not going to try
I know! He threw up three times and I hear him moaning in his crib. Have a feeling this is going to be a tough night :(
Clients use website for simple things. Lawyer bios #1, but give them value. subsites w/ key info (Mofo's FrankNDodd).
Reflecting on life at St. Peters..
Just because we have more options doesn't mean we have the same quality of options we had then
Cant wait for #ChasingTheSunDay !!!!!
Happy Easter!!! :)
There's always the Wisconsin Room which is nice, but not as pricey as Immigrant, if you don't want to drive.
“: Best Place To Eat Breakfast in Albuquerque Is?” for sures
U a fool girl
where is the best venue to host a fantasy football draft?
Dear Guys , Being a dick isn't going too make yours bigger. K?Thanks.
Apple granted patent for lowercase letter "i".
Our buying food for he week.
Anyone who is legitimately offended by by your joke is not someone that should be in office. Have a sense of humor already.
think I saw you at UPSET on Friday. were you there in pioneer square?
I think that woman trying for 1000 pounds ate your tweets, oh no, she eats Sweets!
y'all still at panda?
Tennessee here I come!!!
I think i would have died!
Happy Sunday tweeps :)
Do you have videos for all 30?
the time is 10.17AM and you wrote your beach tweet 43 mins ago.... you must have just been getting in right? ..... lol
Spectacles, testicles, wallet and watch
ohh yes I know it. lol (x Why are you winking? :o
#ThingsHighPeopleDo Half Baked is always in the dvd player on repeat!
You need to know the WHY in order for the HOW to work. That is what the Q/A call for my 6 week get your child to do what you want was about.
Respect the person who gives you honesty, because most will just tell you what they think you want to hear.
I don't think anything! Why?
Re-obsessing over my #Monopoly app. I just destroyed the wheelbarrow. Serves him right for taking Marvin Gardens.
oh Tim O'Leary
What's up everyone??
Nah! Let's go Pacers! Its Granger Time!!!
finally caught season two premiere of #TheKilling ... i don't care what anyone says, that's a damn fine show
Welcome back! Best bars for craft - House of 1000, Houghs, Blue Dust, D's, Sharp Edge (for Belgians), Beermuda Triangle, Fatheads
Pray for our pastor Chris Hankins as he is in Equador seeing potential ministry opportunities for Starting Point!
Word RT: sending an old press release on background is almost as good as the off the record "no comment." How about: do your job.
When your teacher uses the name "Charles" in an example sentence on the board.
Fair greetings from Verona!
im following him
I swear upon my undead soul... If JP ruins my afternoon with mon bebe i will kick his scrawny little ass...
Taste of Alpharetta :)
RT : #Aries has no patience for your bullshit.
Did you know it use to be ILLEGAL to celebrate Christmas in the United States of America? Look it up if you dont believe me///
Security 101. Do I need to be more paranoid?
lot of money,lot of time,and a lot of pain. and iam realling hoping that it pays off
I want to get published for something creative, and I've been inspired to do that tonight.
I'm now convinced that I want to get an iPad!
Speaking for a team from one of my favorite companies this morning Southwest Airlines!
Cut the Mullet!
Most definitely! RT : we have to catch up! Spring game?!
Ate at Allium on Prospect. 1st time there and can't wait to go back! Delicious!
pretty nervous about this ap psych test! ahh
#InMyFreeTime I Like To DayDream About My Future ;D <3
New website is almost complete! expect news SOON!!
Workin at papa johns tonight order some pizzas and request ya boii to deliver it!
There's a popular misconception in the world that Drake is a good musician.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just don't have the film.
RT : Something's good is cooking at 1106. Miss you guys. > How ya doin' Tony? Nice to hear from you! Hope all is well.
Cudahy Police are starting evacuation of 1 mile radius around Patrick Cudahy.
hey guys like me on facebook
How does nick Jonas only have 3000 followers on instagram isn't he famous
It was a pleasure!
W.aolcitysbest/sandiego.com for champagne, new year fun
here we go. Also I forgot I really like Emily! Exciting!
Ok #NUGGETS SEND KOBE FISHING
that's a great tweet site
- hahaha! Seriously u r amazingly funny, I was just reading ur "Choices" You'll have another show in a NY minute!
Wis. union leader objects to Walker administration not allowing collection of recall signatures on state properties.
and they knew Marcus wouldve left from the public vote and to get simon off of his high horse which he deserved
Such a busy day with parties! Great fun though!!
I had a great Mother's Day. Virginia told me she wished every day were Mother's Day. Ha!
Spring Break for Pilots: I'll be tweeting from www.sun-n-fun.org/ today
Ugh, I knew it. It better come up on hulu soon!
Yeah, it was great to see you! I really enjoyed your set and am looking forward to the new album. We'll be in touch!
This was a Tigers Foundation event, it was awesome! Lots of fun and the guys were in a jovial mood. Great cause!
okay, your making me feel bad now! I just had to go confess!
I know
thanks guys!!!
The box office just had its best week ever & topped off an all-time sales year. Movies are a social norm for a night out in this economy.
God gave me you.
we love you too! :)
What the hell like 50 years ago ppl said we would hav flying cars and shit wat the hell u guys r LIARZ
I can't wait for 10pm tonight
Google Places has a dashboard where you control everything about your business.
He's still listening. RT Yawn... Always had that big bag of nothing slowing yall down.
Whenever we play I always lose my voice im n every play!! I screamin to the top of my lungs!! Its great that we finally back!
Character is the ability to follow through on a resolution long after the emotion with which it was made has passed. -Brian Tracy
Just wants her girl posse to know she is having fun!
Up and ready to start this great day!!!
Is there a reason why the colored soccer players seem to mostly have some form of a Mohawk? Is that a European thing?
Flynn for the win!
I will send some of my old girl friends over brother...call the man. www.themanla.com go to contacts
What a beautiful Sat morn Pilates , macchiato on ice & now to go bridesmaid dress shopping for one of my besties
that's right
YOUNG MAN, IN THIS HOUSEHOLD WE DO NOT TALK ABOUT RIHANNA LIKE THAT.
The older you get the less you care about how you dress.
if you don't want to get hit by a belt don't try calling child protection service
Why do I keep coming back
well damn nigga
<----shoutout to this dude! Follow him, he's cool.
#replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck Duck see, Duck do!!!
My mom told me I looked like the Green Goblin in a dress I tried on wow
Do you Twitter? If so, follow us and we can follow each other.
sweet..you know me im always there
Plus, a Real Madrid v. Barcelona El Clasico final would be absolutely incredible.
She is risen...to watch The Killing on AMC.
HELL YEAH!
Oh, yes. I spend a lot of nervous energy staring at walls and walking in circles.
Every time daughter has upset stomach, dad asks, "She isn't pregnant is she?" Considering teen preg epidemic, I understand, but NO for 100 x
Not that I know of. That isn't something we usually do. A lot of presentations going on now, though.
where is my t-shirt, and where is your shirt. lol
Dont let how you feel make you forget what you deserve
i love Cane's and I want it right now.
Lots of kids sitting in today. methinks they'll be learning new words today!
I know—I know for sure. Ding, dang, dong, dong, deng, deng, dong, dong, ding, dang.
prob like lodos downtown and those bars on 20th
More awesomeness from our new fans! Welcome #USA, #Slovenia, #SaudiArabia, #Italy, #Singapore, #Austria, #Philippines & #Germany!!
: Okay, that would be great.
We give our clients a personal touch in finding just the right person to assist with their staffing needs.
that's true, I find Twitter better for this kind of 1on1. I find Facebook best for interacting with my group of close friends.
The CHROMA OUTLET STORE will be closed on Monday, January 16, 2012 for Martin Luther King Day.
Money over broke hoes That's my motto
Thanks! We had a great time! We look forward to a future trip to DC!
new hair a color a success, lol double takes, lol
Baking cookies. /:
I feel like I have been waiting for this day for longer than my 21st birthday.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
#adobe #fireworks performance blows. 5 seconds to refresh the properties panel? are you kidding me?
That's pretty much what I said.....although you were slightly more direct LOL
So excited about the senior video!
fuck i need to know the prices okay
OMG!!! Studied all night, then five minutes ago got an e-mail saying class was cancelled.
Almost to my goal of 1000 tweets!
Absolutely Megan! Have you heard anything about holding any events this year? #needmyBOSSfix ;-)
Happy Happy Birthday hope it's an excellent one!!!
I'm not giving away my identity on twitter. I'm like a secret mahomie ;) lol..
in CPR class keep reading my tweets
Woo! Long Live Da Funk/let Big Boi go.
i was dying laughing when i heard that news story come across the wire...i took the under (safe bet) ..you are hysterical.
Honing my fundraising skills with today. Getting fired up for asking!
Happy 2 month early birthday, Sweet 18th Birthday Girl
Yeah fundraising numbers makes sense. No angry mobs here. Just Maceo & I. And he's enjoying the freshly cut grass.
T.G.I.F., oh wait that's right, I work every f****** day
Me & my friends just had a serious discussion about nipples for like 3 minutes... It made think of :)
#ISSSEEM Conference in Westminster CO 25-29jun. Come and boost your #subtleenergy levels. More info www.issseem.org
RT : You're inspirational Facebook update: <U+2752>Inspires me. <U+2714>Wastes my time. <U+2714> Inspires me to unfriend you.
Thanks Mark!!
I never wanted you to do anything for free! :) do you have anything in mind at all?
I find it interesting that your black friends believe that a group of people should be treated like 2nd class citizens.
good morning twitter im on some bacon and eggs shyt dis morning
Finally at the beach!
great mom instincts and a star of dr dolittle reboot :)
Seems like so many street art exhibits are happening in LA right now, I gotta get out there again. I just hate the traffic there!!
Great line. Def. recommend picking up the book. Same style as doc. Just tons of anectdotes seperated by subject.
Any thoughts on including a feature to remove duplicate articles?
OH at Penn Station: "Come on bro- got the credit card, there's a Fridays- lets get whiskey and wings!"
Thanks for the follow Debra! Love that pic of yours from Dockers yesterday.
Those times when you wake up and suddenly hate everyone..
Thanks :) XO
Please contact us. We would like to talk with you.
UofL and UC. I hate you both
Drinks at a future conf. -bet?
Us as well! :) RT |[ pleasure to meet you all. looking forward to exchanging tweets ]|
What a great speech! Now time for questions.
To celebrate the dentist telling me I have no cavities this week, I'm eating sour gummy worms.
So, you guys know of anything good to drink in Lima or Cuzco? Just booked a two-week trip to Peru.
- Was just at the few wks ago for my buddy 's bday. Sweet place! Have a great Easter & visit in MA!
Just do it, just do it.
Mui bein! :o) Busy busy today. You?
way to get that deal worked out my man welcome back Welcome back welcome back
I know why twitter was invented...to give us something to do while we're waiting in line for an hour at the bloody post office!
n cooked a bomb ass breakfast.
or go to trade school but i dont wanna be in debt to anyone soo idk yet
The class went well. There is a follow up class for these folks on August 5th. Of all the things I do I enjoy doing this the most.
you are the best! See you at spin Tuesday! :)
TY & wishing all a g8 weekend!
Yea, I'm from Texas, but I'm rooting for Newton and the boys
Dude. Whoa. One day at a time.
agreed! Have you taken any photos yet?
OH...yes I did! sorry didn't see it:)
RT pick up 's album #FinallyFamous in stores today!!!
love having my #RachelZoe moment when I get #thezoereport! I DIE!!
soon tiff!!!!
Center for Educational Excellence in Alternative Settings features #JuvenileJustice and Education
let me find u took a vacation and lost all your money with out inviting me :-( lol
hes clearly nuts ( )
OF COURSE they're not televising the #Marlin game today. Why wouldn't it be one of those 12 games of the entire 162?
#kids fresh52 Farmers & Artisan Market: fresh52 Farmers & Artisan Market from Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 20, 2012 at...
When it rains it pours... All good things..
Mother Party
sounds like the GOP power brokers got to Santorum!
She A Hood Girl, But She A Good Girl
Man I ate way too much chile
They'll have to do it every night! RT : We got evicted.. AGAIN..
too bad. I could tell you but then would cost my beloved company 50 cents in revenue and they need every penny evidently
What did you learn this week from #GoDC?
": Standard Poker Stars bust out. JJ v K 10 on a AQJ flop. Yes, he had the big stack of course" Man you run bad, send good vibes
Considering changing my name to Dear Leader
Also the line of the wknd goes to "Women should just take what men say as THE AUTHORITY in what looks good." Hah. Haha. :P
I will. I'm in NY a lot, so you guys should start setting a place for me at ur dinner table. ;)
yes! got 'em totally agree except for getting' it in Westcott octabank
On the road, outta pot, but watching gimme shelter
Is your boy OJ gonna come through tomorrow night? We need him to make it rain some 3's.
6 mnths building Roode, under Angle then Storm over in 2 mins. Internet goes crazy, how do Bischoff & Hogan handle it? Insult the fans.
& than there were none . All gone
Then why aren't you a millionaire? RT : Profit from your pain.
I think I just saw a retired female body builder in OB. Yum.
happy happy birthday !! Hope you have a fabulous day!
Yikes, I emailed you earlier requiring thoughtful response, ha!
i wish to see it tonight
add me on google + (:
Jamming to - We gonna be rich forever
taking another nap -____-
do you have gift certificates that can be purchased for tickets? It would be perfect for father's day.
Economic models always feel suspect when we're talking about the public good. Hard to "value" that.
Thanks for the follow, check out some of
OMG! HUNTER HAYES!!<33
#facebook creates groups for schools.... #elearning implications? -
A budding Houdini, no doubt. Following the footsteps of Dean Gunnarson, Canada's great escapologist, seen mainly on overseas TV.
I don't think #Facebook is a fad. If it were it would have faded out by now since it has been around for 6+ years.
I responded to your message over at FB.
eddie trunk is a legend.even though not underground het GETS IT! he''s as metal as mainstream radio will ever get.
THANKS HE IS GETTING SO BIG AND IS DOING SO WELL NOW.HUGS TO U ALWAYS.
yesterday I was rocking the RealityKings shirt yesterday in the nice weather. Peeps loved the shirt. I'm still dying 4 a hat
which slot is it in?
#Blago is now getting out of the car at his new home for the next decade or so...backpack in hand...
Live, love, learn three words that never get old.
2am,do you know where your run support is? Not in Japan!!
Weekend plans have changed. Was supposed to go to Badger outdoor hockey game. Wont happen now.
Goodnight lovelies <3
great job tonight sounds like
Judging Virginia statewide DECA presentations.
Lunch doesn't have to be elaborate to be effective. A simple turkey sandwich can contain almost all of the food groups!
For a first time golfer be pleasant and keep it moving. That is what people will remember...not your score
bet cuz im n recovery now
thank you! Everything will be revealed soon. Sign up!www.sofiafellini.com
"Mike eats the panes right out of the bus windows on the way to practice." Don McCafferty, Colts Coach (talking about Mike Curtis of course)
Q: What if the DEA locked up a black kid for five days with no food or water? A: They wouldn't
i would look at what interests you, otherwise linkedin groups, find online communities that are relevant to you
And with that....day three ends in Chicago.
if I get 50 more followers by the end of the night, I'll send you a DM to
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom. Hannah Arendt
GREAT QUESTION.
In which type of document (Word document?) you want to embed a video or music?
that's so racist. I am white and I only like toasting the seeds Please don't play the race card anymore it just isnt cool
don't ditch me then tweet about it! Called out bitch
Yo G, what's with all this lemonade bullshit?
Happy Endings aired! You can catch it online if you missed it! Working with &the gang was aMAHzing and the ep was great! :)
What five words would you use to describe SECCA? We want to know. E-mail
Is holding the football equivalent of traveling in basketball?
Let's go time for
you are what twitter was made for you sexpot. Thanks for the hot pics. :-)
Chocolate &amp; Spices:Now a days chocolatiers are getting more experimental in creating new chocolate flavors
With the final episode of Future Diary not being up for even a day when that happened.
I'm feeling sick and I ain't got the flu ..
C stat. Whatcha know bout dat
ha, cause im a genius and all.
i'm tired.
Held an 18-month-old on the plane today while her traveling-solo dad took a pee. Oh that baby-on-the-hip weight ...I'm still reeling.
It was pretty scary lastnight with that earthquake, I almost spilled my coffee..
ah im going <3
Screenwriters reading aloud next to me in this coffee shop. "Ext. Day -- Living room. Jim is being shady."
I agree that Jesus was (is) a real person. I disagree that Jesus was just a good teacher. He's much more than that to me.
Even if she IS what difference does it make? It's not your business and it's certainly not Limbaugh's.
There is no one else for me; None but Jesus. Crucified to set me free, now I live to bring Him Praise. <3
Make an emotional connection with your consumers. Offer more than just a service.
Will do, guys! It'll be a little bit. I've got to get to a computer, but I'll definitely check it out!
I post astrological themes 4 both Leonine & Cancerian signs because I'm a cusp baby lol Definitely have characteristics of both! Good & bad<U+E40D>
you had a great idea for a series of posts last night!
48 hour #photobook sale from ! 30% off square books. Code: pxbkblitz or pxbkblitzl for leather-lux. Ends Friday @ midnight.
Don't you love it when you hear some mj playing from some car passing by?
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams."
Just searched for discount wedding invitations online. Should I feel like George Costanza?
thanks for the RT!
Almost at 600 Followers! Woo!
What is your #marketing strategy for your life?
Make that a double
I am attending and psyched about the first presentation: preserving virtual worlds.
That's a good comparison, though. Griffin does remind me of LJ now that I think about it.
Feeling so grateful & humbled by the AMAZING today. Her heart, brains and kindness fill me w/ inspiration & gratitude
I need a getaway, treat myself to something nice
James jones best shooter alive
Do the UI inconsistencies with Google's top navigation bar (the black one) bother anyone else? I mean, that's just not Googley.
Looking for a treat for your favorite little pooch? Try some Twist N’ Twirl FroYo with some peanut butter and honey! YuUUmMmMMmmmM..
It's a good night to be someone who hates #sabres fans, and an even better night to be a #caps fan.
ok! Def NOT fundaying but I will text you after shopping
Like on Facebook. There's so many ways to follow us. You don't want to miss any info on the upcoming party!
Jennifer Aniston in Talks to Play Hooker Wife in We&#39;re the Millers
we were in Tamarindo/ Playa Grande... that place is too fucking amazing. Are you going down there?
Starting tomorrow Neil Jordan's 'The Crying Game.' Come see the film that had everyone talking nearly 20 years ago.
Can't wait till the end of the semester comes along... Wish finals were already over with
Went from Juno to sex in the city :)
Oh, yum -- I love that series! Will have to get this one stat!
anything by Chuck Palahniuk. Seriously, any of his books. Rant and Choke being my two favorites.
i see we on the same page
:) i agree it is an awesome film. But the number of times they telecasted it was epic.
Good luck Hon!!!!!xxoxoxo
you coming to ma bday party ?
White lips, pale face, breathing in snowflakes.
RT : RT : #TrayvonMartin's killer has deployed the I Have a Black Friend™ defense. Why it is failing spectacularly:...
Omw home finna shower and sleep.
Smooth sailing through tunnel right now in mountains. Could warnings from #cdot be working?
thank you!
happy 19th birthday?...
Okay it left now but still wth?
mixed feelings about sites that are totally blocked today, but it's fantastic to see the concerted movement to
“Every man has a right to his own opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong in his facts” <U+2015> Bernard M. Baruch
tell Ersky to give you some if he hasnt already....
Reception for the Development Department in the Rice Gallery!
Damn , I got the hiccups .__.
Honestly is there a thought or moment or anything that is mine and only mine.. Without someone putting their two sense in or are being nosy!
Of course we are in #Boston, we are located in the historic back bay, come by and visit!
Refs really pulled one over on the Mavs today but they didnt deserve to win anyways. Still though, terrible job Refs.
me too haha
I'm writing unexpected shit. Must have fucked the beat while the condom broke...
See you at Innotech Austin in the afternoon tomorrow.
Congrats! RT : Congrats to Alumni Relations & Development Comm for donating most books!
I'm sorry babe. Maybe he just had a bipolar moment and will shut it back on
Hey if your school has career say let me and know. It's gonna be sweet
Michael Gilliam wins Outstanding Lighting Design for the Old Globe's Jane Austen's Emma at the Craig Noel Awards!
Baw wit da baw just came on at this bar im at. My night is officially better than yours.
So far, its been a good day. :)
Its been a busy morning
RT : Join #Smallbizchat this Wednesday 4/6 for How to buy a small business with Andrew Rogerson
jeez!! thats awesome!! i went to bed at 12:(
#ad2dc TaxAct hated by the group. Matt: our industry is better than this.
New high heels, easy like pie to walk in. No need to take a cab.
Thomas Bruzzesi, you don't need taxpayer money to create jobs???? Nope not one $. Come here to SW Florida and I will show everyone how!!!!
“: i just paid off $2600 in credit card debt! :)” Congrats!
I'm all in Chris. I love TRICH. And, if they believe Weeded is the Guy then I'm buying. #GoBROWNS !
blessed to have you a part of the Jags!!!
Thanks for the RT! Actors check out the Audition Advantage!
How are you?
great meeting you IRL at last night's meetup, beer and mke community is always a good time!
so proud of our team. I wear the kit, the white stripe with joy. #worldcup All USA fans of footie, support you! Via la USA!
haha I know. Molly liked this pic best! Now ppl know what The Real looks like haha
Why is it so hard for women to find men who are sensitive, caring, and good looking? Because those men already have boyfriends.
Wait. They have Cook Out in VA?!?!?! Mind is blown!!!
There's a reason why most people never realize their dreams. It takes a lot of sacrifice and overcoming setbacks in order to achieve...
I'd be happy sitting in the motherfuckin corner of the arena for the BELIEVE tour just as long as I get to hear that sexy voice of his.
not ready for Dr. Seuss storytimes. I'm sure I'll be dreaming about red fish and blue fish.
This lady is telling me her life story. My advice to her: stop dating dumb guys. It'll solve all her problems.
“: Money in the bank shorty what u drank”
Yeah I have no clue why... I get the BEST sleep when its raining... Lol
thanks for ending my day with a good laugh :) I <3 What?Nothing!!
Frustrating: Several tools I need to use don't work under Chrome, only Firefox. Used to be a fan, but had converted. Now I have to move back
I use to love that show.
Destination web standards, semantic markup, efficient css. Students are well on their way:)
YES THUNDER AND LIGHTNING! MY FAVORITE TYPE OF WEATHER
A #Taurus knows why you lie.
Why is it so windy
destroyed my iphone...cant see to text or make a call..can only answer
RT : Want to know where I am today? Follow #3AF!
that is true (in this case it is) i think i've just picked up a new hobby...
I can stand at a party by myself, ok?
i like PSANDERS! :D Dude, did you not watch his BlogTv? HES REAL! & legit touched me! <3333
#Followus #Denver #Colorado #ShineYourDivine event in June will raise your #vibration and that of the planet!
yes talking about action ...forever......is not the same as actual action im in total agreement :)
Please tell Crosby to stop toying with these orange jokers and get 4 in a row.
can't wait 2 c #believe on my honeymoon in July! It'll b my 2nd time n hubbys 1st! Can't wait 4 him 2 experience
Just heard the lovely 's song "You Are" on <3 Such a wonderful surprise! Great way to end my night!
Example: Romney is somehow anti states rights despite the notable obstacle of being a Republican but only on social issues like gay marriage
Just walked into Home Depot. Forgot how much I enjoy the smell right when I walk in.
White people...
Still even in the English coverage (which has gotten much better) it doesn't seem to be as big of a talking point.
I will !
Just randomly woke up and I am so glad I did. Apparently Lexington is on fiyah and #LexingtonPoliceScanner is trending. Hahaha holy cow.
59 days until the Indianapolis 500!
Yes, there is a full state of the art gym w/ TV's on the Cardio Machines.
Someone pick me up and take me to the reserve game
typical friday. although its quiet in the office today
saving some for me? you are too sweet, kumar.
Time to Vote
Hangin out w/alumni bros from xi n zeta chapter!
: That awesome moment when you're telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins you.
< Hi, Diane. Thanks for the follow!
Oh ...my...god. I'm in love with #UnderTheMistletoe <3
Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, Cleveland, San Diego. #AmIRight?
Virtue has never been as respectable as money. ~ Mark Twain
hey I just met you
Do you have a location for us? SDCHC is 1 of 2 nonprofits in SD to win Chase Community Giving Campaign #getinvolvedSD!
It gets a bit grim.On the other hand,today's winds are 17-24MPH.So, I guess it's the trainer for me :-\
could say the same about you!
Gwen Stefani's Harajuki Mini clothing collection for kids debuts at Target in Nov. Everything under $30
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways Not be a douche around his friends.
Happy mothers day to my mom. My best friend in the world. I love you!!
West Mifflin Area Middle school we'll see you today at 6pm with and the street team!
Let's Go Mavs!!
does that mean you're taking me out?
Mila is just GORGEOUS! Congrats girl!! So happy for you!!
#WhenIWasLittle me and my brothers would wrestling in the living room
did you get to see the video's
How can you hate him for that? Have you seen the script? Him keeping that film from being made is a Godsend.
I had a great Easter :)
how has the feedback been on the new exam form in ActivEHR? Love the simplicity over software with a barrage of fields.
I'm so out of it today.
love y'all!
My commutes are sucking my will to live
the beauty of a concert at Ravinia on the lawn is you can take your baby with you :) Already planning what concerts to see this summer
At Hotel Vegas for the Strange Brew showcase. The Zoltars sounding great.
Sota! What are you up to tonight?
I think my #Visa is tired after today....
You + Segway = Danger Will Robinson!
Just thinking about you this morning! STAY YOU! Don't Change! Walk It Out To The Fullest Lady!
They just have a huge library system. It's kind of amazing actually. Reminds me of Ohio.
I bought stretch jeans today. Not the "sexy second skin" kind. Straight-up fat pants.
When William drop-kicked the doors. Oh lord. :D
well hello!
You may be able to do with monitor.distimo.com. You may want to ask around.
1000 FULL color CDs in full color eco-wallet with shrinkwrap for $990! Hit us!! It's for real. We don't play games.
Never move backwards...
i'm dealing with the idea that college starts tomorrow and i've to get up at 6am :'(
#Giants lose by 25, #Rutgers loses by 18, and I lost in fantasy football by six tenths of a point
fucking disgusting lol ...never again ...unless its a Sunday and there's no other option lmao
Life's meant to be enjoyed, seesters. Eat healthy, but tasty. Exercise hard but, take time to relax. You are special.
one line comes to mind in particular. Something about "who the f*ck are these guys?" or close to that.
Don't forget, classes are now just on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturdays.
it's days like these when i wish I had a big yard and a pool.
I really want a FCKH8 tee shirt from fckh8.com ! They're amazing!
Walking Dead season finale!
RT Strangers smiling at strangers on the street. Isn't it uncanny how the nicest people end up in Houston? via (#HIWI)
Ok it is that time.....need to crash. Another 'oilchange' coming up on Monday and well the early sched is needed....so....
thank you....
I am still exhausted from all of the Black Friday shopping. Never again.....never...... again
Getting ready for a swift caffeine punch to the head. Bring it on!
Yours truly has a job interview in the morning. Thank you for hiring me!
It's cool when you go on Facebook to write to your friend... Come to find out she defriended me. That's cool
thanks! yeah were goin places! Be on the lookout at Monarchy in June for EP Release Party!
I can only laugh now.
r u keeping it long on the top?!
what the heck! Lord please calm me down before i go OFF. these demons testing me foreal
But I will say, that Footnote makes it clearer. Not sure if many schools take heed here b4 "fear-factoring."
Dragging myself out of bed this morning...
Leap, and the net will appear. John Burroughs
No matter...I plan to spend 85% of my time in a restaurant ;)
Follow Genomics team from MCW at #fogm12 Howard Jacob tweeting today
Haha! We've considered. But we want to make sure we don't get married for the wrong reasons and become another statistic lol
This game feel like a regular season game smh
Greetings all the way from Seattle to NY to my friend ! Will I see you and in July in the PI?
I wish I was on spring break right now. If I was, I would totally be at for #brunch right now. :)
Missing the tourney today since i'm sick as fuck
Schefter reporting that the 49ers are the "sleeper team" that is now considered a finalist for #Manning but Den and Ten still the favorites
no air<333
yumbutter now at Willy Street Co-op East AND West! ch-ch-check it out and help us feed a kid in need with our BuyOneFeedOne.
its almost the weeeekkkkeeennnd!!! goes to show how much i hate school
a record player!
OH: I don't know what an ovary looks like. They're round, right?
work it shaquanda
pretty girls get everything. Lol.
or cheese.
Ima Make A Remix 2 Trust Issues..
On my way to Colorado Springs for the day - working with USA Archery. Great day ahead!
I don't want to be a cheesy #quote machine but I did find some doozies researching my #autismpositivity2012 post. So....
Even though I feel like crap, I am determined to make this day great.
Indiana Jones!
“: It's time to choose: Frankie or Bendo?” they are both great. Got Frankie tonight.
Sitting in a Panera waiting for a co-worker so we can go close a new contract
thanks for the ff! Much appreciated. :)
-- It's my first! I figured I should run 26 miles when I'm 26 years old.:)
hey so anyone up for a 10 for 10?
Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering
In class tweeting you, will you please follow me? <AB
#TeamDroManoti #follow his follows back!
We want to keep all the curvy girls looking #HOT this summer! Help us out and tell a friend to follow!
80 and sunny? Why yes, I will enjoy my first day of summer, thanks.
Is apparently all things Alaska right now.
Does that mean I should take Perea off my fantasy team?
wonderful again.
Wizards of Waverly Place is on :')
oh yes! Very close!! Cannot believe its december tmw!! Hoping the ustream works on the 17th! Lol! How r you? How's the fam?
Hate waking up early.
We can save you a lot of cash when you bundle your CDs & custom tees. It gives your bottom line the warm & fuzzies... Hit us!
#ucda just finishing registration!
ha!! im being productive sistaaa!
Come to the Open House Today! 4pm-8pm at The Robert Zemeckis Center!
Burnt tongue:/
I think I need to find some real food. ice cream isn't food group. I checked in-depth & all said no :(
If we're not supposed to have late night snacks....why is there a light in the fridge?
I feel like you get a cut whenever you are bored because it's such a cool spot to kick it
AVATAR New York Office is now officially open and there will be many roles for the US & Canada that will be posted shortly!
The InterGrowth Opening Keynote & Lunch with the Honorable Dr. Condoleeza Rice is just about to get underway.
Bagel guy = not as cool as halal cart vendor
My name is synonymous with prominence
Please join my pre-service teachers and I at 4:15 PST. They are brand new to Twitter!
Taiwanese scientists succeeded in created a new breed of glow-in-the-dark pigs
Our brain often obstructs what our heart desires and wishes to get.
I love thunderstorms during the day.
Just got back from the 14-candidate City Council debate. Hepburn absent due to asthma attack. Hughes declined to appear.
Archive friends, I have a researcher who needs a "rootsy" black and white photo of a figure on a trail walking into the woods. Ideas?
its w.e bruh im here
True. MT : We are in the business of refreshing identities of our customers. They don't buy products, they buy identities
Good good good. It's gonna be a blast, as always.
Probably for the best...everyone here is probably watching hockey anyway.
Awesome rehearsal!
Goodnight Facebookers and tweeters. sleep tight :-)
who's appearance was more important? or
On the speakers at Coffee Bean: "rock, rock, roll, Plymouth Rock roll over..."
Al Harrington channeling 2005 Tim Thomas *gets giddy*
Matty! You're cover of "What Makes You Beautiful" is amazing! Keep up the good work sweety! :D
Must throw some #TVD love into the #FF mix today b/c that finale was pretty sweet. Follow best EPs ever and !
Our Singer/guitarist Chris Butts finally got a twitter! Go follow him:
That's the thing! I'm cool with every other storyline. But football at a TX high school is king. You don't cut it after a week.
Whenever I play #TheGameOfLife I always choose the doctor as a profession
i havent talked to you since the dark ages -__- how you been
yes..clouds followed me all the way home last night from Boston...they won't leave...until our next storm arrives. ;o
Anyone know a job where I can get paid to read about the Vols, hang out with my kid, and drink the occasional glass of bourbon, message me.
#Christie enters NJ chamber dinner shortly after 7 am, chats with #Rutgers Prz McCormick. Was topic #Schiano?
these "3rd" jerseys just need to go away.
I write thank you notes after every meeting. Actually got a 2 minute voice mail today thanking me for said tradition!
Walking through the freshmen hallway in the morning is the wurst 15 seconds of the day.
that's the first thing I thought of.. wow those kids are patient.. I know a few little guys that can't hold still for more than 30s
CST helps achieve new levels of awareness, understanding and trust in working together
You sorta make the pain go away..(:
Great first day showing at QuakeCon! If you're at the show, stop by the Zenimax booth and play the game! See you there!
shout out to my brother Matt for giving me a shout out and for givin me tips at outside linebacker!
Free baseball on opening day...
Don't worry sweetheart I'll keep you in the loop!
Trent Edwards gay
I hate-miss 1020, always
uh yeah. But i'm saying i have to wait until i'm 18 which sucks...
im mad as hell dude
Such a geek but I love being 100% battery.
Well this sucks>(
Seriously. WTF was that? BTW Ventura rules in that movie.
Lol Why Not Text Me? Lol
Chris Brown is the most talented person in the entire world Omdzzz
omg, i didnt know i could put the writing infront of yur name
just look plz
Think I will turn ice to water tomorrow....
., you're my only hope. Free tonight?
Words can't describe how happy I am to have the 8:30am call time instead of 6:30am.
I wont even be 18 for another 370 days and im already suffering from GAMS (Grown Ass Man Syndrome)
Now following :]
Namath was picked 12th by the Cardinals in NFL draft, not 1st. He was pretty much already signed, sealed, delivered to Jets.
Some famous person better follow me.....or I will cry!
Sparrows flying around in Phoenix's D terminal. I'm the only one who notices them, though. Either it's a regular thing, or I'm crazy.
Is a curious thing
Who's going to meeting and can record Science in #Anthro #aaasci discussion for a podcost? Let them or me know....
Walking with Rosalinda & this is hella awkward !
Anyone have any recommendations on an ultra reliable windows vps hosts?
The fact that I can't sleep because of him is probably a bad sign. *giggles* ...wtf?
In college they call that an INCOMPLETE
Do you know the dog's name in real life?
RT : Asked Archangel Michael, why me? "Virtuous librarians go to heaven. Bad librarians go to #ala11 in New Orleans."
The 'tires' on those beasts are kinda heavy. You need cribbing and scene safety too.Agreed: not too high needed.
this made me laugh.
This march is starting to look boring, so.... blazer game.
OH SHIT SHE SAID I LOVE YOU.
good morning Howard. You're going to kill it tonight!
I hope you miss me like I miss you.
yeah in lex but I know it's crazy.
SITTIN HERE WATCHING #AMERICAN IDOL
Rain hits LALALAnd hard RT Has anyone else besides noticed that #DTLA's crosswalks are WASHING AWAY IN THE RAIN?
#joebuck: 'there's a thrill a minute this series.'
I fucking hate moving...
they always make u walk past what u don't want to get to what u do want.
so you can hush with all of that :p
thanks for the follow! Can you send a bento box to #Seattle?
I hope you'll help us make sure the same doesn't happen here in Minnesota!
Thanks for the add. I check out your most recent comic. Funny stuff! I will add them to my RVA-ish comics list of links.
Your just jealous Kurt because you were outbid for those choice front row seats.
Go get something to eat. lol
So many things going through my head I can't even think straight
I was wrong about JNF being my personal hell... Working the return desk is.
U-swirl run with and ! Perfect for this hot weather. I'm dying.
“: to each is own i guess” yes. But our country can not afford him, or this congress, for four more years.
It's coming to you soon! , get on it!
you and , baby. me, i cry at cockroaches but junebugs don't bother me so long as they're not ON me.
Dear : You made my day: "The Dowager Countess is following you." Hot damn, bring it on!
I'm NOT jealous. Not me. *turns green*
my condolences, always hard to lose a fur baby
this made my benifits look even more disgusting
This time he blogged prolix, prosaic, prolonged, and wordy property, comforts, habits, and conveniences
inbox me on fb !
Nothing ever works out and no one lives happily ever after. The end.
You are hilarious! love your tweets!
Fun times at IHOP with Dylan and Misty! :)
Wow. I'm appalled by North Carolina.
so was mine from yesterday. well a little exaggerated but yeah. dude my mom bought me these notebooks, perfect for lyric books
#ThatOnePersonWho you can tell any thing to
you're such a
Makeup for a short film for and brunch with and friends
Just hope tht bitch dont mess wit my sister..it "WILL" get ugly
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
outstanding! Just shared with my homies on the east coast...laughing. Yes, pica pole backscratcher understood...
RT : We still on for the coke and hooker party later bro?
Follow me,Is Hot related to The Office
How do you know it doesn't? He's well respected leads by example through dedication and hard work. Not everyone can be rah-rah.
Csi miami
I need too get high forreal be4 I flip
Lets Go Hogs beat lswho!
She looks too old to be in college
Good lord I am in love with
Wouldn't a German pancake be a charred Latke?
there's a living room in pt loma? i kno the one in la jolla and college...
You got your oreo's yet?? Don't forget to get on pinterest once you do... LMAO... Damn... now I want some oreo's!! ha
Happy birthday to my girls @ !!! Love you wish I could be there celebrating with you!!!
What are u going to do for fan appreciation night this Saturday
To protect the eyes from harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays, you need to make sure your regular glasses and sunglasses have 100% UV protection
your welcome and I'm sorry hope you feel better and happy thanksgiving!!
I guess today is the day I complain about technology
where are you? Come to glen cove discount liquor. I'm giving out free liquor till 7pm
Has anyone seen "My Sister's Keeper?" Loved the book, but heard the movie wasn't as good...still want to see it though!
Yeah!!! Wisconsin boy made it on #idol! Now I guess I'll have to watch!
"It's not even my birthday" but it will be tonight!!! :)
On the plane and really sad that my New Jersey trip has ended =(. I had such a good time and I miss everyone already! See you soon, John =)!
Hey real talk Gina and Pam on Martin were fine as hell!!chocolate and mocha!!! Every mans dream lol !!!#season 2
it looks fake tho
thinks it feels like it will be a snow night.
Well, I certainly wasn't expecting that...
Thanks for the follow Bear Carpet Inc. (BearCarpetInc)! :)
or drinking (bootleg country) RT : whats Dabo been smoking?
Would anyone be interested in setting up a time lapse video of the Better Block street installation?
ive honestly never felt this before in my life. i dont know what to think.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people get pragmatic and realistic advice about the divorce process.
. should read Eisenhower so he wouldn't want to "begin to rebuild our military industrial complex." "Dismantle" is a better verb.
sometimes the day is just way too long....
Hangover cure: miso soup and Chinatown.
Happy New Year! Starting mine off good. . Found my phone!! yeehaw!!!
Happy thanksgiving!
The History of Perfume
you gonna post it when it's done?
#NorthCarolina But there is no record of him having said anything negative about slavery.
A lot from Colorado. CA and NJ.
Happy mothers day to the beautiful women in the world my mother Lesvia Maldonado ... I love you
Pretty sure this is going to happen to me too when I get a new job. Maybe ref desks will be gone by then?
People say I play too much...Ian trying to grow up to fast...
Gym, then rest? :)
thanks (: but what is that suppose to be ? Lol (:
Can we please call it the 1st round? Play in games are great, but don't count as a round.
always empty. I'm not surprised but also sad. ):
I think ponytails are the most underappreciated of hair styles. Seriously, so pretty!
Really hope I can meet later after class before work :(
hey How are u ??
darn, oh well, out in 9th, SB vs BB, i had K9, he wakes up with AT, needed some chips so i pushed
The things of the world are fluid to a power within man by which he rules them.
I feel bad but seriously, any excuse to skip art i'll take it.
There are few things that give me more pleasure than mispronouncing the esteemed mens haberdasher Façonnable. #ifonlyithada"ø"
you sure about that? I'm obviously consired. And God hears you. He always does.
haha ima have to see this
most of don't think about our citizenship or what it means and rarely have substantive conversations about it
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
you really had to tell the world that you're taking a #powernap ?
love me some Chinatown bro
Mixed elements reminds me of an older !(:
follow back please :)
* me and running up a hill * Jamie "Whoaa!" Me "NO! Dont make any noises!" :p
Nikola Tesla~ The present is theirs the future for which I really worked is mine.
My 10 year old sister is apparently wearing 3 inch heels to her 4th grade graduation. I just threw up in my mouth.
If I Die Today, I Just Want An Egyptian Lover Vinyl In My Casket Made Of Gold..
In the world of internet marketing, one click makes all the difference.
Who wants to be a detective next week? I'm tired of looking.
no u aint
Logging 12 hours of painting/drawing at the #NewYorkStudioSchool till month's end. When will I resurface from such fun? Taking bets.
the person u and claudia kept tlkin bout all weekend
My friend is now a local celebrity! Alexandria's famous cat-walker.
I just realized: a lot of my "original" ideas have come from my wife. Don't tell her that. I need 'em to keep coming.
Apparently, I received this email from Concourse Bowling Center in Anaheim because I "have expressed an interest," in this goddam place.
Oklahoma says running out of death penalty drug
Might it be even > meaningful to know how many connections are made/day + some of the cool outcomes of these connections?
NBA Star Gilbert Arenas -- Changed His Mind About His Ex ... and His Lawsuit!
thank you so much! Were really happy with it. Have an awesome tee coming out with our logo on it. Web store will be up soon!
With for dinner at El Rancho. Missing
TGIF---What do you have planned for this weekend? Perhaps a visit to the mall?
thanks for asking man! I start on Monday actually. How have you been?
Cool! I'm glad you like it :-)
Dane County isn't part of the state? You get Twins fans out west, Cubs/Sox fans south, but rest of WI is Brewers territory.
Is is Saturday yet? I'm itching to get back on the Boston airwaves.
At the 2012 WRA Expo waiting to hear with & rest my team
we play at pershing against hoboken
TTouch + the Cesar "Tssst!"? Oh my. Sad, but also really funny to imagine the two side by side
the new waterfowl has been put on the list!!!
Dorothy Mantooth is a saint.
Everyone tweet a wakeup tweet at
Do u know any Hollywood secrets? Like, what happened to Welles's cut of "The Magnificent Ambersons"?
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 17
watching the news
You were hilarious in the Jimmy Kimmel post-Oscars trailer. Loved it.
At the API Health and Wellness Fair. Impressive turnout here!
Great conversation today w/ from Keep up the great work!
Great game yesterday duke fsu Never leave the shooter
Happy birthday bro!! It's ur day, Live it up!!
I hate feeling like the outcast.
ouch! that's pretty late
Merry Christmas......!
When someone tries to make people feel sorry for her
definitely to TEDx! :)
Good to be back in
I often think that it's easier to identify smaller presses than imprints of the large houses... but most consumers don't care.
FINALLY beat Star Ocean! Now I have to watch this long ass cutscene. Haha
RT : The photo of the surface of the pool really shows off the ability of the camera's sensor and lens. Thanks
Check out the !!!
a smart guy,but he ain't perfect and he is wrong here
Super moon tonight :35! Don't miss it!
like the writer, I'm making an effort to memorize a few numbers. It is harder when you just have to push a button! No muscle memory!
do you like gee tonight?
I really am! Me and my 30 min. breaks :D
I really need to stop watching True Blood before I go to bed, makes really creepy dreams.
For the next few days I'm blaming absolutely EVERYTHING on the Mega Solar Storm.
Dang it. So it's make you mine later then. I always get them confused.
1st Team All-Defense ain't to shabby though...
Of course, I just got busy.
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Trailer Trash Barbie ...complete with double wide trailer home
Dear bears fans: Ha. Ha. :)
-- Crib Big Broo
sex in the city
grow an inch and we'll talk. I'm sorry!! [cries] lol will do my little lady bug (:
can't wait to watch it next week :D i know you guys will kill it on the stage !!!
Countdown to Portugal & Southern Spain Tour in May!
ASK YOUR FOLLOWERS. MINE HATE ME
Go Bears.
To ask or not to ask..
is that my baby
Sleep either you with me or against me
Status exercises today. I think my Raptor really showed some gusto today...proved he was Alpha.
Visual effects! Transformers needs to take it this guy bay
I'm flexible that day ... Earlier (breakfast at El Nuevo) could work too.
Jay Leno tonight: Robin Williams and our client ! The show will be a hoot!
Sitting all day + lack of exercise = ouchy back.
no sir. Nothing. I dure wish we were home.
Loved talking cloth diapers and #ATX with the lovely crew from ! I adore being a Thirsties Mama!
I love how Alex changed Beanies in betweent keeks. Lol. :)
I'm so disorganized that the paranoia is now invading my dreams.
"A lively style of dance popular esp. in the 1940s and 1950s, performed to swing music or rock and roll"
I'm trying to karate chop #monday !!! But im getting #worked right now ... dammit! The mouse is handing it to me.
Check back theaters for the 5/15 are still being added.
That's what I heard. Thanks!
lots of site updates over the weekend! check out Dagnomusic.com today
Only device I am prone to forgetting is my bluetooth earpiece and it does not bother me that much since it means more NPR time.
I can't take my eyes off of you. Has anyone ever met someone you couldn't stop looking at?
Duke Ellington School of the Arts please spread the word about our art contest, see our page for details
I really want we bought a zoo on dvd
Love being sick, thanks so much for this..
we just killed 3 & a half boxes of whipits. there's 24 in each box..
A trailer for #MagicMike this week!! is gonna be good! And A little Pittsburgh pride with !
*shrug* maybe its 2 keep its not so fanatic watchers in tune with what is going on, time travel gets confusing for the layman:)
CORE VALUE #1. You were chosen. God brought you to us. He brought you here for His reason. He has woven us together.Col 3:12
i love it!
Give our boy Bob at Mayhemeness Recording Studio a birthday shout out! Thanks for the killer recordings dude /m\ /m\
No seriously the only emotion he can believably convey is thinly veiled cowardly sneer.
nigga why you ain't tell me botchi's was having customer appreciation day
Another night of filming at Amar Ala Masr Belly Dance Showcase Tonight!
thanks for the #FF hope the campaign is going well!
My new family is amazing. They let me park in their driveway by the train station to save $$$$ I am truly blessed. Bring on the heat!
I have no worries but to your point wasn't fabergas brought in specifically to make it last?
Kate Upton is beautiful!
On another note the planet of the apes was a solid movie with a few loopholes.
good! tell I know he tryna eat right but.........." I Got theese cheeeaasse burgers!!"
I can't just vent how I feel to anyone anymore without them spreading shit out.
Schlage B60N619 Deadbolt, Keyed 1 Side, Satin Nickel On Sale ...
your welcome =] can you share it and if you want anyone else in it send a pic =D
EBA is in Arizona for Spring Training!
WHAT? There's NO way that 82% of SAG members approved the merger. Anyone else a little skeptical?
Friday 5AM visits to for Kelley's bootcamp are the BEST end of the week pick me up!
Crosspoint. Of course. (:
Accurate typo! MRT Maybe I need some rehab, or maybe just need some sleep, I got a sock obsession, I'm seeing it in my dreams
Too many boxes to fit in her house...don't worry about the whole married factor..
THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY!!!!
I'd say yes to that "?" Especially considering that w/ music/movies, we don't "own" things we d/l, we get a license to use them.
not irregular usage?
I'm too full from San Soo Gap San to even look at family meal.
There's a reason I avoid events like this Easter egg hunt at Patterson Park...other parents bug me.
She's super-badass. James Cameron sadly owns the live-action rights. We need to get them away from her.
Psalm 36:9 For with you is the fountain of life; in your light we see light.
I made a small, heartfelt contribution to Wisconsin Dems for the Recall campaign.
thanks for your honesty. We use eCommerce / fulfillment channels to offer mobile discounts on the inside of the box flap.
was that your mom selling your raffle tickets? I know that was your little brother that was behind the table thingy.
is awesome
It's #RainingMen wat u worried about?
Hmm, okay. Did you hack it or was it already hacked? Do you use it a lot?
Sing, sing, sing, sing!
Hold up, Sporting! Less than half an hour to go ...
>:( I vote you dont go to the Indians game. :D I'll make it up with a Clippers game when you come here. ;D
Our 50% off sale CONTINUES - ALL used online inventory continues to be REDUCED by 50%. Prices in effect until midnight tonight!
Omg, he's so cute, I want to squeeze him!
Cards tie it. Come on boys, let's make these Rangers d the two step.
whens ur next show in buffalo
Just enjoyed a yummy dinner of grilled shrimp and fish tacos. Thanks :-)
Had 2 much fun @ Zap Zone with Krissy & the boys
yeah good call. Would love to fast forward 8 days.
Thanks for using ShowClix! It's going to be a weekend you'll never forget!
Thanks! I am interested in old computer equipment and that word processor seems very important to the book.
CCA is beautiful...
Dammit now I have to return my Underwood jersey..
Damn.... That's racist. lol
No one wants to ride on the bench..
I just dm'd you my number. I think we have exhausted twitter's comm capabilities. Feel free to give me a ring.
Schum breaks WSU saves record - Dayton Daily News
Arlo Guthrie performing at the Lincoln Center Tree Lighting.
it was "lady saw "..wat a bum.i found it lol
Joan Rivers is hilarious on fashion police.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm
:( it's never ending.
do you have Columbus Day weekend plans? There is talk of me coming home for a visit.
Oh My God....Becky look at her butt...Tunchey!!!
#RIPMCA a flow master of disaster with a sound that's gone
Fever went away, but my throat still hurts. #why <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Just ate a fat hamburger from McDonalds... I feel like I need to get out and run my tush off.... literally...
Hope Everyone is having a Great Easter (:.<U+2665>
Two people. One feeling. Love. <U+2665> One Heart. One Love. <U+2665>
hey, what's up?
Ang, I didn't know you were living in my dream world because that's the only place I'm cooler than YO!
lol btw Helena riding a board is not skating lol but imma bust u in a game of S.K.A.T.E then lol
zack montana follows me!!!!!!!!!!
The crash course books I have written will help member missionaries be ready to give an answer to those who ask facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse…
I would but Maxwell -.Lifetime is on repeat plus im 18 so I can look at porn legally now
Fingers crossed! Sending you and the fam tons of love!!!! Send us a picture when Baby G arrives :)
Umm... Was someone just playing footsie with me on the train?
“: when?”see you tonight Sweet Pea!
would you eat deep fried kool-aid?
has a song about EVERY guy she has ever liked or dated...So why are all of you so hung up on one?... No matter who he is...
Ugly loss for today, but they still have a 6-3 record. At this pace they'll go 108-54.
#butitssunday hosed by the mormons again!
Good to meet at the New Balance store opening party tonight in Copley! #RedSox #Boston. Thx 4 sharing #Denver!
but the hearts
SAT word of the day: buffet (v.) to strike with force
but you still follow me :)
Bus came :D
Rainy day,missing my baby,sewing away
yes, I will be voting for Obama again!
*hangs head in shame* yes, let's. Haha.
I have love and acceptance in my heart for many many things. I'm sorry, 5 am, you never have been or will be one of them.
You didn't wish me a happy birthday. I cried for days.
cool good thing i don't eat any of those and am getting tested in 2 weeks haha
take pictures!
I have an Android and I have access to emoji <U+E11B> <U+E00E>
Brahh she blowin the shyt out me you hip
I'm assuming Crossing Broad has something to do with it
Thanks for hanging with us. What did you have? RT : at for breakfast
I think I just broke one of the front doors on 2400. It was bound to happen.
Impressed by Patriots yesterday. Not sure why the Packers didn't show up. Hawks playing well. Ravens can't be trusted.
Starting a new blog, will cook a couple dishes from a secret ingredient chosen by my readers every week! What should I cook!?
Maybe if we fast forward in time, you my love, will finally be mine.
why is my stomach making weird noises?
Winters: In '95, bill passed allows CPS to divert $$ to fund. Now CPS on 3 yr pension holiday. Rahm: $40k increase since..This about future.
I don't want to be 22 in a month. O_O
Great, I start debating ess-ee-oh with someone and I start getting a ton of bottom-feeding ess-ee-oh types following me. Joy.
Not in the money this week...
there are some on instagram!!
If you're at Cactus tonight, don't shake Davey Noble's hand.
musicnline419 thanks for making real music....
Can't believe it's my birthday tomorrow!!! :D
RT : #ARathlete sets a new school record! RT : Congrats DJ on a new school record with a 49.98 400m!
today is the birthday of Queen Elizabeth II :)
Sometimes I wish that I could shed all this weight off & be beautiful for once. No just on the inside, but on the outside too. :/
and the creator calls herself the Unicorn Queen which makes me happy xD
Using my app to promote #SarahsWar to casting peeps and getting a welcomed response!
This 55mph on the turnpike thing is ridiculous.
You thought you were going insane?
are you going to name him Smernicoff? Haa He is too cute! Congrats!
Miami's Oldest Bar is turning 100 sooner than we know it..who is counting down the days till the big day this November!!
Artist looking for ghost writers get at me..
Focus on reciprocity and process will fundamentally alter assessment practices.
Showing postgame maturity. RT“: I put that one on me...I wasn't a PG at all tonight. That was a lousy floor game. OkC next
lol even more so than my hermit self!
Avengers day!! I am so excited!!
bout time! we've been waiting for you RT Omaha, I am en route.
Great show today Save Your Home on WTCM with Norm Jones in Michigan!!
I was out like you yesterday....then today on my Grind
myspace.com/morelikethemovies New Ep streaming!!!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 22
Cincy Brass performing at The game tonight vs. #Cubs. Check us out at the Main Gate from 5-6:15 and then a parade on the field at 630!
sunscreen... yeah about that... :)
New listing on Monday and 3 listing appointments this week! Can I get a motivated buyer?!?
yeah but I won't vote for him
big weekend of work. i feel so accomplished! hopefully the paycheck agrees. make munnay munnay
lots of friends, crazy outfits, two music stages, some screening booths, the little ones, hungry beat DJs spinning my fav jams...
how about some or
Track was the worst today haha I was in all sports so now im an all star just got to finish off track
Hey bartender make that two! ;-)
Livingston Taylor will also be sharing the stage (Three is company) @ the Philharmonic Center for the Arts on Dec. 11th. Showtime is @ 8pm.
Why does she owe 300k in back rent?!?!?!
i miss your tweets sweetheart
anyway, ian hacking's piece "making up people" is a short read. and good morning by the way ;-)
The next great L.A. car chase needs to be a food truck.
Thanks for the #FF. Much obliged. Keep up the good work at the Examiner!
#RETWEET The Hawk Smartphone News is looking for Bloggers and software reviewers. If any interested pls contact us here.
Had a great talk w/a HS coach 2day about how they could get more possessions...advice:make ur off/def sideline/baseline OBs count!
The "mysterious" booms and shaking in #Clintonville are still unanswered. Geologist are even baffled.
lmfao blame kenny
HEY CAMERON!!
What's happening today in the north valley - Enterprise-Record
looking forward to hearing you as well!
wow, NE Kentucky, You (your bio) are an inspiration! This WI Liberal thanks you!
Thtat's what usually happens when one is offered insane proposals.
thank you goatmanZ.
If the root is not killed (usually with Phenol acid), the ingrown area can grow back. Fungal nails will also continue to curve in
Looking to hiring an Instructual Designer with experience using Articulate.
Hope everyone has a great day. S/O to my new friend she really nice and gorgeous :)
#stm2012 electronic journal submission has dramatically changed T. Grover's job as an editor. 5 times more submissions & 50% more dismissals
evidence based? How about a method based on mounds of evidence compiled from various fields of study plus experience
New in Reference Universe: The Corsini Encyclopedia of Psychology, 2010 from
damn that groundhog day!
I don't think I can do this on my own.
Two recruiters contacting me today.
Oh cool! Im from Illinois!
Oh yes, I hurt. Moving kitties and a lil more cleaning today. Coffee first! Didn't get to bed til 2.
I have the same iphone earpeace (but in ivory)!
Forgive me for using 'object', I meant resource.
Jus roll with it keep the faith and past the test!
Yea you're right!! It's not hot just yet... But It's Getting there.
Damn! Guess I picked a good night to start watching
I couldn't ask for any better cause there isn't. I love you mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> Happy Mothers Day <U+263A>
Sow praises unto Him.. Reap the blessings of his promises..
Our thoughts exactly. All the time. “: I really want to go dancing right now.”
Team Role: Fuel Injector.
Probably former customer service employees for online businesses. Who apparently never read more than subject line.
gimme the mic gimme the mic gimme the mic
Need to go somewhere...
Sunday party day
Wet the bed - Chris brown <3
#ThingsYouMightYellInAKidsMovie Hey, is that you over there, Gary Glitter?
Please follow me <U+2665><U+2665> 're beautiful:)
Oh right. Anyway, are you going to the social? You better be.
Hey Gtown, miss the sweet sounds of your childhood? Come to Lohrfink tonight @ 8 to hear us rock out to the 90s. Seniors get in free! /te
i think till friday
RT : Washington Post is NOT reporting that Santorum is dropping out. We have NOT reported this, despite tweets to the contrary.
hehe I think I've come up w/ better answers :)
doing great! Lets hope for a #packers #49ers match up next week!
Shabbat shalom, everyone! (Scheduling in a "Day of Rest" was a really smart idea...)
I would..but I'm afraid I'm the only one who appreciates Hov. ;)
it does
Ah justin woo u know it justin ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Why does it take a loss in a family to bring that family together?
Probably 1D Concert with ! (;
That's funny.. I was going to tweet him a few hours ago..lol..He strings together "science" terms and people just suck it up
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
let's be lazy juntos but not together, you know cause of the willylovemites...
Tweeting all of you from the higest point on the planet........my head. What can I say, I love myself, you should too.
I've got no plans until dinner. Any time works for me. -JO
Am I the only one that wants a Hurricane to hit Miami. www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344
haha hi-five back!
I FINALLY got my Google Wave invite. Time to take this thing for a test drive.
I say organic foods only but eat trash plates at 3am.
we are girl gamers!!! Look at us! :p
Key to #Mets playoff viability will be whether #CarlosBeltran can remain healthy and #OliverPerez or #JohnMaine recapture 2007 form.
Daily quote: The test of success is not what you do when you are on top. Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. George Patton
Just had the worst start to my day..
suddenly we get an email from the halfacre guys about a tour. The timing is suspicious. I think it's all jealousy re: :)
Lucy and I would both love to!
Flatbread Feature: Chicken, tomato, shaved onion, avocado, fresh basil, cheddar & provel Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Hot & Sour Pork
It was odd. Just a bar-time thing, I guess. Seemed on the edge of newsworthy at the time.
Miles is a joke. Just because ESPN pays you doesn't mean you have to drink the kool aid
that's the problem: some people only want her to sing, others only want her to rap. If you ask me she's doing both really well
You think I can turn my followers into followers?
“: Lebron's not a fighter but damn I wanna see him knock someone the fuck out one time. Lmao” << lol real shit though
Leyland "out-hunched" himself with Santiago
there are two problems in not getting a shirt..... 1. MONEY.... 2. My parents
he seems to just pose with rocks and conclude dragons. Funniest thing I've seen all night.
Kudos Enjoyed Walgreens, Nielsen, The Weather Channel, the NYTs, Bain, OMD. Impressed by C-level turn out.
but when ever you need a shadier to cry on, ill always be here
Going to pitch about my work in Harvard Square today. No, not like those brave public speaker. One to one, that's it.
Get up, dust yourself off and try again.
Breakfast. Not lunch or dinner.
LOL Try not to sweat cancer.
Good Morning! Have a Super-Sensational Saturday.......Spread Love
I love that you love my love for things I love. Hi.
The customer is never wrong, they might not be right, but they are never wrong. -JT #TeamCustomer LOL :)
I'll probably need an alumni spirit guide to pull that one off...
Good morning! It is a beautiful day today in the neighborhood! What do you plan to accomplish today?
Thank you for the warm welcome!
please get on making Queen of Jordan into a real show. no one would notice (seriously) & I would totes watch it.
Hope that our 3rd Ward peeps enjoyed today, we'll see you all tomorrow (with a special surprise)!
That nigga Tupac better be dead because if he's not that means biggie died for no reason.
#YouWereCuteUntil you had that surgery on your face
looking forward to seeing pop his stand-up cherry tonight at Comedy Sportz. he better be funny; our friendship depends on it
Did she make it? Looks very stealthy!
Sobbing watching 90210.
No makeup, and it feels great.
it's gotten dreadful. :(
your favorite!!!
whewwww! party party time. i feel like i was made to be in the 80s kickin that style!
Maybe we only obsess over relationships that feel unfinished
<Waits for bereft phone call from family member who will be unable to cope with death of Carlos Fuentes>
You bet. Glad to be in touch
2 lucky patrons will win a free sopaipillas a week until Mexican Independence day. Just fill out our survey when u visit 2day. Good luck.
entertain yourself by saying "pika" before you sneeze. :)
maybe you should come out to California
Chris Peterson to Penn State?
I love my Ashley
I found a stunning solid white quartz pebble.
As a Lions fan, NFL Draft Day is still a terrifying day. Rogers, Williams, Harrington, Ware, etc. Hope for the best & expect the worst
two words. is fat
Happy New Years!!
Deleting this soon...go follow mw on my new page
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Come cheer on the #KNICKS tonight with us !!!! Who do you think will be the star player in tonights game?
Strong theme of racism as a continuing problem in both opening remarks. This crowd is on board, I want to hear solutions.
Please Spay and Neuter.
Liked it!
follow back love
What can we say....making days brighter since 2011.
It's amazing that I even need a bag, no?
Sweet lookin hero! I love dying my armor too. XD
run run run away run away babyy
hi .. You should get online & make me happy .
Hey how ru !!
So, #GOP2012 complains Dodd-Frank goes too far AND President Obama didn't do enough to rein in banks? Standard stuff.
wake up sleeping beauty(;
Feeling Blessed
You sound like a journalist with that wish list :-)
Hungover on sunday but want to get your hair done? Come to SBS and have a bloody mary while gettin your mop done. (773) 252 - 9522
followed(: thanks for following me <3
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 24
dont live in the past. you might miss the great things happening in your present
People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it.
excuse me? no small people over large flames?
I hate when I go back and realize ive made a grammatical error and its too late to fix it
Can somebody please tell me why Romeo looks like a commercial outcast on the college commercials
Amerika iz after Joseph Kony and can't even arrest murderers like Zimmerman on her own soil
When will NY'ers (and NJ'ers) get to see the #shuttle on a barge floating up the Hudson River towards the Intrepid?
yes they are very good! (yellow in color) someone in vermont must have a treefull!
RT if you shake it for Jesus!
Everything else would be shooting back at normal speed so you'd lose
What up???
My Sunday funday includes work and laundry. Heading to Sheboygan.
I saw an angel today and like a dumbass I missed another opportunity :/
Ps: congrats on being a new uncle babe. All best wishes to your family hun xx
Last night, opened. Congrats to all involved!
LaSalle Solutions Achieves Advanced Data Center Architecture Specialization ... - MarketWatch (press release)
u do it all that's cool I does reggae/pop world music. Am on suck free radio. I'll try to check u out at red some times.
ICK. My head feels like an overstuffed burrito without the tastiness. Damn allergies!
umm we NEED 2 get together ASAP!!
my daughter turns 12 today and my hubby and I surprised her by saying "yes" to her rescuing a Guinea Pig. What have I done? :)
yes, that is akin to dismissing great literature because it has the "n" word or a curse word in it
Tennis this afternoon any1? Shoot me a text if u wanna play
List of discontents with #ME3 is growing. Encountered an insanely short QTE.
i think i am boo
“My athlete son’s recovery time is quicker than those of his mates and he is always healthy even when those around him are sick.”
I'm embarrassing..
SAA Chicago. Date, time, and location forthcoming for 2011 Knitworking!
I expect the Eagles to make six trades and stockpile a boatload of 7th-round picks.
Left right left right!
your son Brian is the worst coordinator in the history of NFL .He runs so much he should be in the olympics !!!
Davis Cup QF Preview: Can Isner Fray The French Nerves? Will Spain, Serbia Prevail Without Nadal, Djokovic? A preview of this weekend's D
Good luck sweetheart! Hope you are smiling again soon!
Beginning to regret that nuclear taco
happy birthday!
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING!
I find it very hard to fill a #growler with and save it for more than a day.
Trying Tai Chi for the first time today...excited? OH YES!
Random:My Birthday is on August 16th:)
still seems like HR could stand for Human Relationships
omg lol so howd it go yesterday?!
My mom just licked me -________-
all time low!!!
Oh my!
The book, Orphan V, is in search of a publisher and agent. If interested please make contact. Thank you!
I got a mustang for a pet!
Love to keep my #wedding tweeps informed! RT Thanks for sharing our Summer Blow Out Sale last night! :)
thanks for the follow :-)
not sure if you are busy or not but we'd love to have you at the next meeting
I asked if they have Salads the waitress laughed so hard she started coughing up a nasty lunger
In life, we are not determined by the adversity we face, but how we respond to that adversity
and the followong 10minutes :""""( Why must I do this to myself
hello Mr. Terrio!
Spring has sprung!! Get ready to see the Milwaukee Domes like you've never seen before! Upcoming Wednesday! Inside&Out: The Milwaukee Domes.
"We're looking for a guy that's never been 'it' in a game of tag." -- Baylor coach Art Briles, on the Bears' search for a running back.
Fucking through with you
Go for it!
When your about to fall sleep everything's going smoothly and bam you hear a noise . Yup not sleeping
I love that bit about racist speech used to "control...not offend". Um, yeah, the problem with racism is all about control.
Just saw "Crazy Heart" w family + uncle. pretty good flick, great non-cheesy country tunes all throught out. nice duval cameo as well.
I feel like I'm about to get raped ny these Wagner people
": #MentionTo the one you're giving your heart to." because my hearts filled wit him anyway<3(: but im not theonlyone
Thanks Steve! Let me know how you like it.
Congrats on being a best performer on !! I knew you would make it!! Goodluck with everything:)
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Wow! Thanks for supporting Milwaukee Comedy! We've grown so big, we could use an extra hand keeping things updated. Interested?
Thomas: Agree about the emergence, but it's tough to include him on rankings for the 2012 draft when he won't be a part of it.
GREAT WIN tonight
I miss talkinq to you..
Tao tonight to celebrate the birth of Richard Candido!
SEO Philadelphia Company, 1 SEO Announces Google AdWords Management, PPC At ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
thank you for all you have done for the world, I am sending you my prize possession: a painting of you made for me. danie girl.
Thanks, I'll have seven or eight at the Trunk Show.
I aint the never been one to play with ppls kids. So I wont entertain you
Yes, one of your photos went in after all. Glad you like the trailer!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Watching Korean Drama City Hunter
I love the kinect. Addicted to dance central.
probably the asshole who cut you off this morning using the exit lane :-P
RT : If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to meet it ~ Jonathan Winters
no problem :)
I'm back tweeps. It's been awhile.
hey y dont yall wanna follow ??
ahahahahahahaha! That was so funny. :P
thanks for the follow!
Thank you! I had a great time!
disgusted, disappointed....agree
I don’t think I could ever stab anyone. I can barely get the straw into a capri sun!
About to head to the game.
THX 4 GRT support/food & tweeting!>:RT Have a great event. Pls let us know if you need anything :
Who wants to help me hand out post cards?
take out the fillings from an oreo and replace it with toothpaste! :)
Thank you the tweet and for visiting the shop!
HAHAHAHAHAHA I MUST
Hope you all had a fabulous Mother's Day!
yep me too
I'm so tired. But I don't want to sleep.
lol I go to Wayne
Are you bored?
Its in the 12th inning, the Cubs have walked 14, Milwaukee tries to bunt with a runner on first none out, line out to P.
Fuck bitches, get bacon.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
John is close to death, he not coming back to LSU next year cause he'll be dead!
Follow My Twin/Bestie <3 :D x
No YOU DON'T HAVE TO, BUT IT WOULD PROBABLY BE A WISE MOVE!!!!!
On set of Umami Burger today. Prolly gonna get a Tony nod for this one.
NOW YOU SAY I AM SEEING A PROGRAM OF THE MAGICIANS WAWERLY
Hi Kelly - thanks - I was hoping to get info today for #SmallBizSat & give you an update!
Chris Hemsworth without a shirt <U+2764> *drools. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Happy NYD !!!! tweeters. I'm starting my day with a bowl of Hemp Granola made for Stoner Couture by our good friend Amanda. Available soon.
Dead End Hip Hop should really review 's "Will Rap 4 Food"
At This Barbershop , Bored
Can u follow me back please? :D
"Its so hard To sleep when My dreams keep me Awake!" Lol i Love s bio <33
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw you didn't believe in shaving yo vagina!
Big start for Mr. Matusz tonight - time for 4-0!
&tell them they are going to be big 1 day&by going to the past i have a guarantee that i will meet them unlike now there is so many people
oh wht song?
OMG really what did u guys talk about
Watching and reading about Mariano Rivera's injury is making me sick! :(
Howdy. Figured you'd be around today
Hate to agree with Idra on anything, but you can be awful and win with terran in SC2.
Nothing like an early Monday morning with the trademark phrase to kick the week off.
We are the only Qpon app 4 the 916; FREE download on your smartphone. DM us 4 info on how to represent ur biz on our one-of-a-kind app!
Frosty the Snowman is short and fat and round. He's just like me as you can see, but starting January 1st I'm turning it around!
Listening to Ofra Haza and wishing she were still alive.
this is a good day (8)
Commercial Office Furniture: Alera Products - Alera - Verona Veneer ...
Do you have bad driving habits? Do you take pictures or tweet behind the wheel?
honestly, if i didn't have juice, i would probably dehydrate.
why haven't we been talking?:|
Marching down U St in #DC in protest of #LGBT violence
These stats are great for an infographic. *hint *hint
only had time to watch gray's last night. Anyone catch private practice? was it worth it? i was starting to lose interest last year.
Producers make sure the performance is tight and a hit, engineers make sure it sounds tight, some can do both
Economists discussing our current situation: "Our house may be rundown and have rats, but at least it's not on fire like the rest of the...
where u stay
OMG that left corner pixel that won't fill in on the #android #gingerbread browser progress bar. Fix it fix it fix it.
i think im mentally unfit to use a laptop
First time i've prayed in a while...
travel is a key indicator of many things. If they can't send students to confs, there are prolly other problems
yeah. We felt bldg shake. Evacuated but going back now. Freaky!!! Ur sis in DC?
Bed soon with my baby! <3 Then back to Avon tomorrow to see my other baby!! (:
yeah me too; I just try to be as eco conscious as possible.
THAT'S AMAZING!!
RT We hit up the #skiswap earlier to pick up ski for our growing munchkins...and left with a pair of Nordica Hot Rod Nitrous for me
Crap. It’s supposed to be Christ, not the Tigers who rise from the dead.
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
If you never stand up to certain people they will never learn
you obviously haven't seen senior elite they've got the best flyer in Allstar cheerleading, Maddie<3!! And Erica (:
please do! <3
thanks so much
True. It's still easy on the eyes! RT : The California is very Maserati... Not so much Ferrari.
Chrome seemed to work best. Firefox more resistant. BTW Jefferson is coming up to #THATCampMuseumsNYC, you'll be missed however
*BEAM* <--- sorry it's all I can do. Prolly for a week. My teeth are going to dry out and crumble to dust.
Hey How are ya doing today?
30 YEARS IN THE BIZ.....11-1-11.....DON'T MISS OUT.....STREET PARTY.....FREE BEER WITH ENTREE.....$2 BEER ALL NIGHT!!!!!
Love, LOVE hearing this.... RT Standing ovation for Patriots' owner Robert Kraft when he is shown on the video board.
I love it when my supports me whne I do certain bad or violent things <3
#SINCITY FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
That awkward moment when Bruno Mars can’t catch the Grenade for you, because he’s having a “Lazy Day."
I had a great time in Lex. Got to see #oomf. I missed him terribly :)
*smiles* I'd probably be way too nice to him. Plus, he'd miss Rik too much & then I'd be sad...
that was my very last time smokin... For the #unborn safety.
on my way for a chai latte and egg white breakfast wrap! Happy Friday!
Happy Mother's Day to all who do all they can for their kids..God bless u all XOXO
well I did first, but idk what it would say?
Miss your tweets! Need an LA trainer? Yes, that would be me!
not doiing assassin cause i suck
yeah. Not looking good at all.
#Huguely defense computer expert puts Love's computer value at 100-150 dollars. Threshold for grand larceny is 200 dollars.
Everyday I fight the urge to call you and then I realize..if you wanted me in ur life, I'd already be there. So I put down my phone and live
Thanks for your support, we really appreciate it!
People piss me off.
#bored? Go to www.instereopress.com.
Can I live??
five for fighting never fails to pour on the waterworks :(
New post: Good Writing Tip #5: Fluency
Thank you for the follow Steven. Hope you'll have a chance to come see the scrolls!
Love working with people.
MY GIANTS WON!!! YEAHH NY!!! <U+2665> #SuperBowlChamps Congrats to the Giants
#IThankGod - For being there, and never giving up on me when it felt like the whole world was doubting me.
so you must be Jesse?? Nice to meet you Hm guess who this is???
At the #heartattackgrill on #fremontstreet drinking
Christopher Purdy of resumes his pre-concert talks tonight at 7pm at the Southern.
We are sponsoring Japan Benefit Concert tonight! Please come and enjoy beautiful music at the Center For the Arts 3rd floor lobby in GMU.
Hey Mike, thx for the follow. Your bio made me smile ... just had nutella crepes for lunch today at ihop :)
I am looking for new opportunities. Which neighborhood needs a great happyhour ?
whose your interior decorator?
What shows do u plan on going to? We gotta meet up!!
Driving to Gallup nm!!! Wes has been driving for 7 hours he is killin it!!!
Hi Dina. I am pretty busy today, but I am glad to hear from you. Hope you are doing well!!
something about John Stewart talking about the that make the superbowl and politics so much more special
40 acres and a mule ,I could used that right now!
A sim of what? Open Sesame?
Had a wonderful weekend with a wonderful lady.
When are you guys coming back to NY?
Man I miss my galaxy Kobes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Add your business or event on ClubberMagazine.com FREE!!
The Triumph has changed my life. My teeth have never been cleaner and it makes me so happy!
Just met with furniture artist Brian Hubel at his Colorado Springs studio--incredible work!
You're well on your way to #4sq mayorship this month. :)
Giggady Giggady let's have sex
We are thankful for the Board of Directors & Trustees, the committee members & volunteers, & friends that further the mission of
the "HI!!" gets me every time oh my god
oh are you guna be there tomorrow?
yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera. Text me at 954-654-5605 I got tickets for you
What did you think about the special performance by du Soleil at #drupa? Use #xeroxdrupa to tell us
i like one of your friends and he dont know it yet .
Too bad that's considered "spelling". LOL
Just had a great workout! The week is off to a good start!
and the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
#CoachellaLive JUMP JUMP JUMP! Everybody JUMP!! now drop it like it's hot (: #snoopdogg #drdre wzzup! Haha
there is no chance of anyone swiping me up anytime soon. I have been single for so long
I was sleep til 9ish lol. I'm up doing my work now.
RT : Ya know what would be a cruel joke? Putting 100 snaps on clothing for a wiggling baby you change in the dark.
so far so good. seems he had abandonned the current events quizzes/assignmnets or whatever they were.
RT : We're up and running at #vsnam12! Stop by Booth 19 and take advantage of the Vision Source discount.
Exactly. You monetize differently for google reader(s) than blog visitors. But there are ways to push ads, promote sponsors…
please find a way to get drafted by the Lakers
next time skip talks about no supporting cast for tebow mention the defense.
Dows all baby food glow in the dark or just the radioactive ones?
Thanks so much for having us today.We enjoyed it and hope everyone else did too!!
Thanks for the RT!
DADT falls~left is understandably happy that gays are now a party to the baby murdering and warmongering just like rednecks
he is out of town so im holding down the fort
So close to the weekend and I am fired up like a ribeye on a grill.
Prof jacobson: "the Closer you look at occupy movement the better it looks" on need for alternative grassroots archives!
Your new icon is gorg. <3
Love that the contestant on #jeopardy has alex trebek as his mustache inspiration.
Grrrr... You need to get on twitter more often! Lolol
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, because nobody fools Chuck Norris.
#SignsAPersonCantCook: There's more food stuck to the pan than there is on the plate.
heading to a funeral.
I would love any notes/info/insight you could pass along on the data/media clean up tech tutorial
Woohoo! Don't party yourself out before we get there!
As For Me and My Household<U+FFFD>We Will Serve The Lord
thanks for stopping by today!
while everyones packing for spring break , I'll be at home looking out the window .
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe High school is hard. Do home work and actually study for tests and quizzes. Oh and the next 3 years will be the best.
RT : what u can do with ur life has little to do with what's going on in the world & everything to do with what u see as possible
that's awesome I can't wait to see it!
Interesting all your comments on the T.O. And his children's mothers. Just curious, do you find any fault w/ the mothers?
3 wins and 1 loss in last second shots, damn good %
RT NYU's digital object workflow AT module looks to solve most of our AT/Archivematica integration issues. Nicely done
It's 11:12 I have to get read 4 school even though it started a while ago I'm gonna be super late ugh
Are "smart movies" too complex to follow or too boring for people? Sadly... many films with great potential don't do well at the box office.
Why isn't life more like Multiplicty.. I need a few clones to do all the stuff I dislike..
something happen
Some Shit Gets Old. Its 2011. I Need Something NEW
Blake makes both FTs #CLIPPERS down 4 with 41 sec remaining
sounds like there is a story here I need to hear :)
got to hang with my nephew today. always a pleasure to be around my baby boy!
Heading to the Marriott Resort and Marina for #nouvelleresort photo shoot Great Day !
It's inevitable. Be decisive and enjoy the commitment you choose.
I got a lot of compliments on my outfit today! <3
Every day is a blessing!
glad you came the wanted
.I should go to work but I'm gonna be cold AF (-.-)
Obama has rejected nearly 3,800 commutation requests from prisoners. He has approved one.
good show but they are some FUGLY dudes! haha
Bowling trip today, so text my cell guys!
it will, but what about your hair, Danielle?!? Your hair!! :-)
Great he mad at me ugh
I wanna go on Total Blackout ..
May 24th and then Wed after that. RT : What does #SYTYCN come back on. It seems like forever!
For that sum, you could get a Boeing Business Jet.
vastly overrated! Thanks for the entertainment!
Tweet Tweet!
Dying. Lol'ing.
Thank you for the RT about 's #LUVFilm's premiering Can't wait to see me too.. Everyone needs some
Mixed? I was just wondering if I should apply to intern there.
My sun burnt face is peeling real bad. Someone should make a movie about it. I think it would be called "Faceoff." Who would star as me?
Or maybe CP3 is still hurt and the bench is doing a kickass job right now?
THEN STOP TALKING SHIT ON ME YOU IDIOT. never would've started if you wouldn't of talked stuff on me. GOODBYE!
Ahh, so this is what twitter-birth is like. It's just like child-birth, minus all that annoying crying. From the mother.
All of the hottest new urbanmusic playing now!
follow me now
hey hey buddy sierra~ good morning~ love you my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care <3
Hell yes. Vito with peppers.
If the special session happens the R's may replace the civil union votes on the committees
I just had the best nap of my life.
:\ highkey, you're the shit. lowkey, she needs you more than you need her.
its hard getting back into the swing of things but so far so good!
I have an unfollower. My life is over.
Reading book: "I needed women in my life as I embarked on a career dominated by men." Watch for my review on blog.
Father/Daughter time at the mall. Even at 2 years old she knows what she wants!
Don't try to cheat on your girl with her Bestfriend sooner or later she'll figure out dummy ? Boys don't think -.-
Of course! I can't believe that. So upsetting, when will people learn there are bad owners, but no bad breeds! Keep us updated
YOU ARE BEATING JUSTIN. THATS SO CRAZY! SO PROUD
I fix yo phone and u say don't touch my phone, its all not like it was... Ocd...I need tv!
OMG. I FOUND MY TAMOGOCHI! :,D
Hazel, are you ok for a visit? Lets talk first.
Watching a Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen movie, Getting There. This is so exciting omg.
RE:Failure is a opportunity. It is anyplace but in a school house or a classroom. Obedience rules!
Mayb I should stretch b4 I catch a Charlie horse
I grew up watching you play for the Heat at the Miami Arena. You made nights there so enjoyable. Great seeing you on TV now.
I know what you mean how wuz your week
The things y'all tweet me makes me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Lovin the rain. Maybe I need to visit WA soon.
lol what an Ass clown.
: True story! I have the $8 pair which I also consider worth it. ;)
Having the same trouble!
Don't get me wrong, I respect the Amish. What I wonder is what invention caused a group of people to go "No! No more technology for us."
Yup, but most people don't look at themselves as they judge the annoying things around them
lol!! Was it that bad??
It means that the Internet is full of dumb and annoying people who repeat stupid sayings.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 5
SEVENTH FLOOR STFU I can hear every word you say
is selling tickets for Upcoming Woolly Show. Get em while they are hot! Reserve May 7 8pm
Words hurt just as much as physical pain. Think before you speak.
that's when you know it's time to take a breather, right?
Dear bitch at bar if u r gonna wear a chanukah hat be ready to take a joke and put that dirty look away it just makes u look even cheaper
RT : Late night conversations with >>>>>
I have something in common with people such as and but not sure if they know me.
HAHA! please.. I despise the flyers. I will now support the Nashville Predators. #thesouthwillriseagain #friedchicken&hockey
There were no workers and no road construction was happening because it was Saturday
Hahaha thats cuz we cant never get a happy medium w/ yu.!!! We either burnin on freezing lmao
Good morning. Disappointing game last night but the Caps will come back :)
Marked "F" for fun (cc ) RT : 'they only hate when you great' --roger mayweather
RT : keep the crazy on the anchor desk! RT : So... and I are in a pretty crazy mood this morning.
Nothing like Driving the mustang at 1:15 am on open road..
"youve got a great look. Like a curvy mila kunis meets an asian jeanne triplehorn."
Funny after reading an article that suggests men have better relationships, my TL tells me different. Life is back to what I knew.
lol I'm going to look at the thing now
oops, you're at Hawthorne Powell's--never mind!
When life hands you skittles, chuck them at people and say "Taste the freakin rainbow!"
So you are choosing to still find & focus on the joy in life..that's a lesson 4 all, not just CFers 2 learn!
Watching #TheVoice!! :D
alright I will
One more week till #prom ! Or am I the only one excited?
Home. Alone. Sick. Pissed. HOLLER AT THE BEST SATURDAY EVER!
Cute: How trolls try so hard to get attention. Less cute: How reporters are drawn to them bc they're the loudest voices in the room.
From the Del Grande Dealer Group Family to you and yours, we wish you the happiest of holidays and a safe, healthy and Happy New Year! http:
Shoot out to the employees at IBM, they are having a diaper drive the week of 8/15! I love receiving good news when I open my e-mail!
so is there like a roof on top of BC Place?
says Pizza tastes better than broccoli. I agee.
I'm Starting To Dislike FB , All You See Is Like If You Going To Heaven , Like If You Rememebr This Show , Likee If You Not Pregnant , SMFH
that was not my idea...fucking waste of $ and publix food budget
We'll both have very big orgasms together Michelle! That's what sharing special moments like this one are all about Luv! Xoxo
Looking forward to 's class on Pr tonight, followed by the last few minutes of and at lean startup
Next Show TOMORROW 5/1 at
you're welcome! “: thanks for the greet tweet updates”
Literally had to get in my car from the passenger side after church just now because the car parked next to was so close!
Twitter Archive plugin is not installed on the #THATCamp Admin. dashboards. I looked at "Installed Plugins" and "Widgets."
Omww to St Louis
Sex cells? Owe science to much
how many teams Fabs?
Hello, thanks for being friends!
RT Instead of chasing them - chase yourself. Chase what you love, chase who you wish to become... Let go of the rest.
would like to know about these bitters...
Thanks for the RT yesterday. Alas, no responses. :(
sometimes its just easier to reload os and go back to factory settings
That was a great way to end an episode of
Can you smell the queso from your room? That would be AWESOME. RT PS I literally live next to Torchy's now...
I miss u already
James Lankford, GOP Rep in OK -Sexual identity is not, repeat NOT a choice. The way you are born is the way you are. Another know-nothing.
bro look at my tl.... shit mad funny lol
you know we LOVE you too!!!!!! xo
Anybody gonna be checking out some sweet shows over the weekend? Make sure to check out our show roundup coming tomorrow!
Yum Varsity Club pizza :)
,I LOVE YOU MY LOVE
How the heck have you been?
Merry Christmas!! The waffles and hot drinks are ready and free to all who stop by until 1 today!
Birthday wishes to two of my absolute favorite people on earth, and !
“Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today? Today is a gift. That’s why we call it the present.” - B. Olatunji
I've come close.
on Y way to Dragbrunch @ #EdiblesRestaurant & just heard skittles debacle WOW WOW !!!!! Is all I can say,Jaw dropped ! :)
Another fave MLK quote: "Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase."
“Scratch any cynic and you will find a disappointed idealist.” <U+2015> George Carlin
Ooh, good. I hear good things about it. Is it eat in or take out?
usually hold your buys for? I'm very interested in your strategy.
: unbelievable! How could I not use my #museumsuperstars tag for ?!
When I cycle I like to pretend I'm
Thank you for the your support RE Hard Rock Rising. Because of people like you we made it! Seladore will play the Hard Rock.
Jones making it looks easy
going to nyc soon
When office building and each suite has clear no soliciting, you expect me to be nice when you knock on my door, soliciting?
sometime in june, dont know when exactly becuz it all depends on how we do in the playoffs
Hey Rebecca, I will be there with bells on!
How do I know I am in my home town? When I see someone driving their lawn mower to the grocery store.
": Who wants to see me in PR with ?! Let's make it happen!" dont just read LEGGO
You know, I'm not sure if I've really ever been in love. I've fallen for people' but never had a balanced relationship.
It IS disturbing! On another note, you and I really do need to have a social media/social mtg soon. Sunday after 4p perhaps?
Now the hard part...which one? RT : Craving steak, good thing I'm at
you cast a spell on me
Thanks! I plan to! I might get to meet Neal for it.
thanks for the add! Is that your kid in the photo? Great shot! How's business?
sarcasm? like it!
"it ain't love when you're stuck on the wrong end of the gun."
gonna be outside killin it tomorrow again!
Of course. Good to hear from you :)
Watching the #Superbowl with my daughter wearing my jersey. That makes this a bit more tolerable.
what about Netflix?
Tired of tryna prove shit to everybody.....
this is so you.
will you ever follow me?<3
": Lil' Wayne went from being a shirtless thug with baggy jeans, to wearing jeggings and doing air splits lol." He's Gay lmao
yay! I'm super excited to read The Archived (and sequel) too. Such a cool concept!
#DidYouKnow?: 60% of America's prison inmates are illiterate and 85% of all juvenile offenders have reading problems. ()
Well its Monday again, time to hit it hard
Sitting in class watching and videos instead of doing work. So much more fun :P
I was able to give away six nicki minaj tickets. All through trivia!
Only four more weeks of school left. Praise the Lord
visual.ly has a great infographic template that pulls FB and Twitter insights, very handy.
#NowPlaying Trust Issues - Drake
#GreatestTunes Honorary Title - Far More
Have you started saving for Christmas yet?
Success is coming
"Hey, can I see that brochure?" "Bro, sure!"
Happy Tuesday, I love you
who's coming to our show at cheetah's next week?!? bikini girls, loud rock and roll bands, and loads of drinks..sounds like my type of night
I'll be staying in venice but working in downtown-ish
I'm cool I said u was sexy
Next time you gotta make enough for everybody lol
So. I just parked it on one of the benches in Turtle Creek. Its hot out here & I don't feel like going on this run...I need some
JT: You drink tea?! You're British now! Me: Wasn't aware that was how that worked, but it puts my fish and chips fascination in perspective.
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
had three dunks this weekend, one was an oop!
May you live all the days of your life.
Happy Birthday !
Now checking out Haywire
how did we all get addicted? What a concept. Just some average guys like most people have a pawn shop that's on tv. Great show.
Congrats Sylvia Luevano! Sylvia was the first to correctly guess Mysterious Island, Throne of Blood, The Parent Trap and Frankenstein.
Greetings new librarians that I am following. Doing this as a project to rank, categorize and find value in librarians on Twitter.
For any of you on here that may debating on getting a dachshund, just remember the dog to jerk ratio is pretty much even.
So, was there some wine in your Labor Day celebration? Tell us about it!
Do you have a prob with that? Notice how wishy washy your commentarty is on the screen.
To get you to go see their movies plays, concerts, sports events. Mr. Handsome!,
At #grayrobinson FYE partners' meeting. It's GReat!
time 2 sleep
Last Call for the Dead
no baby i love you more than i love my boyfriend and that's alot xD<3
C-ville, don't be late! Bronzed Chorus are gonna rip up the front end of this bill! And them other guys ain't no slouches neither...
I know if you play around with it ,it can get yo ass shot lol
Hey there - thanks for the follow!
Anticipation is unreal
Never stop fighting, I know that I won't.
You're so cute! c:
:D I'm now determined to get him to notice u for ur birthday tomorrow haha
If you work for a shaver company, it isn't weird to shave at your desk, right?
Love the thinking behind touchbase calendar. Well done,
I'm looking into becoming a certified diver while in Phuket. This organization looks good: www.sea-bees.com
We work with several universities to help students study abroad in South America. Where do you want to go?
yeah but I'm convinced you NEVER sleep
Trust in Harry Reid we must. He can pull out a deal when nothing seems possible. Reid already knows the end game.
Key players getting injured. Broyles, Whaley, Lewis....
- ok, I like languages, but cannot figure out what that is - Basque?? guess it doesn't matter :-)
lol Brugge is the establishment in Indy owns. Hoping to have a pre-conference opportunity to visit.
damn youre getting old
They are usually awake to tell me good night, Ben :)
Getting back to twitter. Let's see how this goes. Been tossing up the idea of starting a vlog or something. Keep it audio related
I never watched any episodes. It's not reality tv. Real woman are not dramatic, petty & violent.
WOW! Maria is really really good! Goosebumps and tears from this viewer.
“ “ That awkward moment when you're so angry at someone that you can't concentrate on anything else.””
Car broke down and had to be towed. Tonight sucks.
Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.
Did you know the city of San Francisco was named after multi-platinum R&B recording artist Sisqo?
just set up a new account for a #nonprofit i'm working with - eep eep!
Awesome working with in the Dominican Republic! What a stand up guy, it was a pleasure to be one of his extras!
You are very welcome! :) RT : thanks for unstressing me!
I always do that.
seriously though #tigers i can't take much more of this
4 days and counting for your 13.1. You got this?
my brother, if you are available Sunday morning I will be ministering the 10am service at my church. Be blessed!
kenny you pig!!! ---johana
Dave Thanks for the RT -- I appreciate the + feedback. As a new SM/Twitter gal it means a lot.
I MISS YOU (TEARDROPS)
Why I love the #Simpsons-Marge: Homie, you know I'm usually up for a triple x throw down but....
Well Put T ": winners never fall. They may trip, but they know how to regain their balance."
U already know baby! NY Giants gonna win this <3 imma be watching with my boyfriend and holding a KFC bucket! Lmaoo!
Started watching THE KILLING season 1 tonight. It's really good and definitely intriguing albeit very dark and depressing!
Now up 83.3% on the year. We are, hands down, the most successful option trading advisory service in America! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
the effects of wine are definetly multiplied by the rain. I'd read too, but would be blissfully asleep by the end of 1st page
Went to eat with Nichi tonight! I miss her SO MUCH!
Who loves ICONic Boyyz' ?? ;]]
If I was in a crowded room, I'd still be able to spot you first.
First come, first serve! Come enjoy some cocktails or free Guatemalan Snooze Coffee while you wait!
nice! Your RUSQ article, "Learning from Leisure Reading" -- for the RA component of my Public Library Service class @ Drexel
No kidding! From Content Marketing Strategist to Agh County official might just be on my career ladder. Thanks for the post!
Dark Shadows was a hoot. Amazing cast really brought back the memories and feel of Collinswood. Loved it!
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.—James Thurber
We don't have to take this, we can end it all.
nothing has changed lol
Waiting @ the Rayburn for a friend and had brief words with a depressed looking Ralph Nader and Omar Vizquel flanked by models.
My team good.
For real though i cant wait to be in chicago for a few days starting this weekend.
Yeah! RT : Congratulations to u18s who won 4-0 in the cup today!
after that one I didn't get a message
Mitt has changed positions more than a porn queen. Arlen Spector
What's GOOD, D36?! Looking forward to May Madness!!
Just wondering where the hell has been lately...... I #refuse2beignored Clea!!!!
getting ready for a work-out, lunch with the girlfriend, a walking tour through , and then the girlfriend's birthday party.
Understood. But I wouldn't want my children requiring money when someone offers to immortalize me.
I'm not giving up on my Grizzlies either!!
Mitt Romney is about as annoying as Sarah Palin. That is all.
I wish he was home, I could really use some spicy boiled peanuts right now :( lol Free my baby !
ugh i should be in line waiting for cody :( but im not. i hate not being able to drive and i hate not having friends...
Don't be to hard on Mr McDonough, apparently he and the Mrs got caught downtown in the middle of a melee
. Please send money to #WI to defeat Walker and his cronies. TYVM!!
800 miles loll
Glad to have you!
now i could say my name but ya bitch already knows it
you mad cute.
Any philosophy that can be put 'in a nutshell' belongs there.
Thanks for the follow!
i packing a snuggie tomorrow
I am going to #tweetup will you be there?
I just want to go on vacation
Happy Founders Day
Got 5 minutes a day? Earn daily profit share. No recruiting. www.newincomeoptions.com
And you have fun at your event!
u never called me back :'(
Need a Brooch for your winter coat? Come check out the new Fall and Winter fashions! www.lebury.com
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” -
I'm exhausted and on east coast time (though just arrived back home to west coast) Can I stay awake for #MadMen? tough decision.
Its time for State Authentics to take over the fashion industry....... new designs soon
yeah... pretty soon my phone's going too. ahh, so much to do! But I guess I shouldn't feel guilty about going to bed early tonight!
Now Trey Songz he's fine too
awww that's not cool :/
Can't believe I missed the dog show last night! Probably a good thing though, bc I already have puppy fever...
I've been sleeping with a paste of honey and cinnamon on my face for like 2 wks
Timeflies: A Music Duo That’s “Escaping Genre Limitations”
Woops...just accidentally DVRed #Veep on HBO Latina...I guess I'm practicing Spanish tonight.
Out of my entire class right now there is a total of 0 people actually doing their work
"High speed & scalability in the analysis of large volumes of data is a critical success factor for companies", said Karl-Heinz Streibich.
I put a end to yo ugly ass guessing games cuz we make him our bitch r/s!!!
Are you calling my heart small? xD lmao
FDMF is our new PREPUMP alert: get in now while their is room on the train... you dont wanna miss the bus!!!!
Ready to get to work. Promoting all day!!!! Shena Renee coming soon!!!!!
#ggj12 tip: go for an indoor jog to get your heart rate up, avoid rickets, and dodge sleep. Also you ate 3000 cals of pizza this Saturday XD
of course. As soon as i leave you start copping classics to watch.
you should be! :)
Morning ppl.
Devastated for Hannah Ross & family. My child is 7 + loves water = my worst fear. I love/respect her...but this is autism & I hate that.
James Thurber~ Nowadays men lead lives of noisy desperation.
I'm taking students to a midnight screening of Hunger Games at midnight tomorrow. FUN! Although Friday might not be fun. At work at 7:30 AM.
High School football last night. Epic battle. Carson High defeating previously unbeaten San Pedro. I was in the stands. Gotta tweet somethi…
OMG OMG OMG
CEO Welcome Night was great! We are excited about our new members!
really REALLY don't wanna work tomorrow..
Hosting Sweet Social Mtg at Panera Citrus Heights, CA at 9am. Entrep Women...Meet me there!
It's cold I hate this weather
ask for me!!!
are you in Frisco? I was there yesterday!
Sarg, a 170lb German Shep/Rot, is staying with us for the next week. He's one of the best dogs ever but it's going to be flat out chaos!
yeah we work all the time when we aren't studying for exams. hopefully the profit from our new shipment will help us grow!
lucky as
So glad that I can finally relax after this insane week.
Thanks for the mention! Again, lets hope for an A on the exam.
Guest teacher in "Race, Class, & Education: The Wire". I still love the classroom! Gotta get back in it again. Can't wait! [/Bart Scott]
Where the fuck is Ross Perot anyway?
Diving right in mapping the California New Deal Project with Alex Tarr, including a 30 second history of Los Angeles.
Hell in a cell!!! Undertaker vs Triple H!!! #WrestleMania End of An Era
Watching Tough Love on VH1
I need new eye makeup routines!
Oh wait, the tech dn exist to produce a movie? I'll create a new one from scratch (and pay for it). Yeah, that's me: G Lucas
Katrina and Anne both rocked the repeats tonight!
aye nigga I'm not in the mood for ur shit today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Texting people and walking around these boring apartments.
is on board #SOCR1 - Quality content will always be king, but delivery platforms & discovery among the clutter have become key
int for what?
of course!! hope you like the music!!! :)
is looking for #technical #recruiters in #LosAngeles & #Phoenix. Referrals welcome! #OST is still expanding. #2012=busy!
hey Dana, what are you doing these days? Get to Seattle often?
Check out my film FleshWounds starring Kevin Sorbo on Video On Demand yall!
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world
I swear i love Lauren lmao !
*checks* You are absolutely....correct.
Let me see what I can do. Have a safe trip!
Next 212 is not til May 27th so get in here!!! :) we are partying right now!!!
$5 Box Lunch Today is Turkey! Call it in and pick it up! 303-623-0525
The Lucky One was AH-MAZING!!!!!!
Modern stuff like Truecrypt and Bitlocker makes it very easy to have that much security. Easy + high security = win.
I just never trust the online purchasing which is why I never actually buy stuff either.
thanks for the email. Glad you like the show. We'll be sure to check out your work.
There is one redeeming thing about a mistake. It proves that somebody stopped talking long enough at least to do something. ~Irving Wallace
Omg not at al.
Locked out..ugh
Cosmic Love by Florence+The Machine
I don't understand any of 's tweets. Are they about football? Are they about life? I'm SO confused!
Think about your sweater? utterly fab. Looked it up on Ravelry as soon as you posted the info.
Good luck!
thanks for the follow Celine. I hope everything is well! Here's my business twitter also if you'd like to connect.
Seriously...I strictly adhere to journalistic ethical standards which I feel have eroded significantly in the last 25 years...
I'll be sure to get some sun for you! I'm just getting warmed up for
what time?
Darth Vader might be working harder than Adriana Lima this Super Bowl. #brand bowl
Level 1 Cert #CrossFit complete. Great course and great instructors thanks a mil guys!
This month is a time of inspiration. What inspires you?
If it was T Kennedy we wouldn't be hearing any of this "transplant shouldn't have happened" crap!
Hey Gang, there are still reservations left for Shanghai Jazz on Sunday. Makes reservations at 973.822.2899 I'll see you there!
Office, Warehouse, What&#39;s My Space? Planning for the Mobile Future
- Looks like it's going to happen. 2013-14 season. We should try to get tix, regardless of the venue.
its only wednesday!!!
Definitely! I'm not sure the lineup has been announced yet, but we should start hearing whats hot at sundance soon!
wow! Really?
All I know is that you're the one with a word for poop in your screen name, and I'm the one with a vaguely sexual entendre.
NJ, defensive coordinator for the giants
If your up early, or out late......we are open.
Welcome To My House Partyy!!! c:
Mr. Elway congrats on being back with Broncos - I gotta throw something out there - would like to see more Tebow Wildcat plays!
Love me some Jack Lemmon via Kevin Spacey!
God, Plz let the Grizz get this win!! Amen
Thur Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge with Chopped Hard Boiled Egg, Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onions & Crumbled Maytag Blue Cheese
“: %2 Pineapple for breakfast. Ok Tuesday, let's do this.” <-- m my favorite! Saving mine for lunch though!
i got u
anyway to download your great Themes from the Naked City collection as mp3s?
haha. or maybe Payphone by Maroon 5 ? i think that'd be good too(:
Watching 8 Mile
heard it, it's ok. every time it comes on octane I think it's going to be scream aim fire lol
Watching Never Say Never(:
Loud, excited shouts in the hallway! Our staff are cheering on the 8th grade Academy students before their OAKS Science tests begin TODAY!!
Morning traffic ... bleh ...
ok ok ok!
Wow. What an album! She never fails to impress! Listening to Everything Is Changing by Anneke van Giersbergen on
Two kids come a cross a body in St. Paul on the shore of the Mississippi River. More info coming up at 5:03 on CCO Radio.
Chris johanson was talking about digital projects being sustainable is not linked to funding but level of use
Dude I did the same thing. I have never received a sticker.
It does look interesting. As an adjunct I'm neither underworked nor overpaid, but I still worry about students that take my course.
Was great finally meeting you in person! //
you better be ready to get in the booth and spit
“Be yourself...let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write...” John Jakes
RT I have govt housing, job, health care, and benefits. But govt is bad people. U don't want anything 2 do with it.
Forever hoping the guy you like is at least bi
What activities do you have planned with your kids? We try to hit the park when it's nice.
Same here! Let's stay in touch!
Skeet ma-geet....Yo boutique stores out there, holla at my twitter.
Glad you made it. You'll be leading the in no time here in
I just ain't on the shit them niggas on....
Whys my cat always waking me up at 6am to go outside. Wonder what he does out there. I should mount a camera on him one day
RT : Use the mehxclamation point, ¡, to show how unexciting something is. Example: Eventually, the snail race began¡
I love you- there is no reason, no explanation, nothing to understand, nothing to debate- that's just how I feel #Beliebers Much love
Wow can't believe I'm almost 29. My birthday is just 2/1 weeks away.
when is your next televised game cuz?
It's not even 10:30 yet and over 60 people have already visited the Embassy of Kazakhstan
This was a really fun conversation! I'd take a gay Brad Pitt any day of the week, too. I mean, just as a general rule.
Day 2 of the season time for a "Yankees Suck" comment.. sorry to be negative.. Go Sox!
The only thing that makes women better than men are their sandwich making skills, and their boobs.
SFA's Jereal Scott (LaPorte HS) was named to this year's Southland Conference 2nd team. He has 6 points, 3 rebounds going into half.
your days are usually more WGL or LWG (w for work)
see you there cuh!
#meow meow
": Vagina" where?
I will - thanks!
Would not blame you for giving up.
when we're we outside?
what does unhidden really mean? How many times I've asked this! Great opener.
Yes goes offfc
Johnny Carson biography on
well, it could be worse. *You're* not spelling it with an 's'.
Yeah, hopefully it's better than what we're expecting.
He plays bass trombone with Colorado Symphony I'm with the band, ha. Gorgeous music hall too.
Bin Laden's herbal Viagra is already selling out in stores? Hm--perhaps if he'd lived he'd have an endorsement deal by now.
Good Morning!
hell yeah we a great group of losers haha !
3 things are certain. Death. Taxes. And 85 will always be open ! Ha
I don't think i went there. Looks tasty though.
I feel sick.
gave away 500 sample boxes at the
sounds about right GOPACKGO
thanks for joining in!
Omg! My tire blew on the highway!
No joke $0.17 drafts from 5PM-7PM ok St.Pattys at be there. Seriously. Best deal in dc
Finally done preparing, tailgating starts at 1115 tomorrow....gonna be a long,.fun day
Mgk what's up
it's started :) how about 11 PM tonight?
Another great morning of classes at Romney!
#Nuggets are trying to run tonight, #Lakeshow keeping up so far!
this tweet comes via my kindle. i love technology!
You know I'll be there when u walk down the aisle to some bisco!
Ok, so this is pretty cool. I've got my SVN setup on my server and locally to keep my versions in order. Only trouble: no CHMOD in SVN!
I'm at the wedding reception. Again, men and women don't dance together anymore! Come on people! #weddingdances &
New business plan: A pop up store that sells only salads + cardio equipment. Open every year from Jan 1st to Jan 15th. Boom.
Rollins with his first homer of the year. 1-0 Phils going to the 2nd.
": Present! Lol im good sis. Love you!!!!!
Great job tonight track team
The fact #oomf thought I knew Chris Brown for real >>> LMFAO *logs off*
think of them as gigantic chiclets…
Good idea. Also, get someone whose presentation is more visual--easier to follow while eating.
Yippee for #winewednesday!
Loving life.
Nick's voice is pure sex.
" Fuck! why the fuck do people give checks for birthdays! I dont have a fucking bank acount! what you smoking? shit..." lmao Nice
The Lions are gonna have about 15 penalties today. We don't need to cheat to win. Come on Pack!
martin and peter wesley-smith are delightful, delightful men. such a pleaure to hang with them this evening.
"OMG, I'm completely in LOVE with that t-shirt!" *sees the price* *sadly walks away...*
you were flawless last night <3?
Haha, true. I just felt a bit ungrateful tho b/c he's treating and I was like "wha... he got us the cheapest seats possible?!"
I don't think I hinted hard enough that what I really want for Christmas is a Mt. Blanc fountain pen...damn, oh well looks like I buy this 1
Honestly, I hate people . They intentionaly try to put people down and piss them off? Seriously? Please start acting like your age?
So my first kid will be named Desmond.
Finally home after a long night of celebrating
Man, really don't wanna go to church
It's probably wrong to get as excited as I do when people mistake me for an Apple employee.
I knew she would not disappoint!.RT : I'm just gonna say it--'s #FlashGordon dress is amazing.
He addicted to muscle, Im addicted to brain.
Close Ties will be screened at the Hollywood Black Film Festival in October and the Alexandria FIlm Festival in November
You know you fucked up when all your plentyoffish matches are trannies #i<3adamsapples
What is so doggone GREAT about Hungry Birds? Doesn't it kill brain cells with its lack of a requirement to think?
Getting ready for tonight's show. We'll have a closer look at Immigration+USSupremeCourt, a sea assault in Syria, and much more. 9pm EST.
Found a shirt finally!!
You know when people have power naps? Well I have power lunches. Then I go in my phonebooth & go from -
“: appreciate that D-Walk. How you been big homie?” I'm good brotha!
marry me? ;-P
nice work on the #DeviceWorkshop 17 is a great turn out! Love d the pic btw.
ahh...yes, I remember now
haha that's ok, I'm always falling asleep in spanish, all because I stay up too late because of the boys
I think I'm gonna make this main account idk though.
in the world? Costa rica it looks really pretty there :) lol
Would U consider trading a copy of your book for one of mine ('Piso Christ')? I'd like to see more of your thoughts. Thanks.
#kodm text is an encoding technology, but it is never "just" text -- it has history, context, materiality.
So proud of our boy , he had gone so far now. :)
Congrats AU #theatre juniors Haely Jardas & Michael Poandl for doing an extraordinary job American College Theatre Festival!
The new #RedBullZero is phenomenal
fair enough :) will do!
Thanks for the warning. I definitely need to look more into it. :)
I was up with one child five times (hub stayed up for 1, so R was up 6x). Not complaining though, I still got to run at 6am!
Battier shud sit out rest of da dam game so he learn how he need to play by watchn other ppl
I'm sure I'll see it eventually and that it's good. I'm just not big on the on the idea of movies as spectacle.
are you ever on twitter anymore? This is a Beloit requirement. 2 tweets a day is mandatory.
Wow. No wonder Nate looks so happy. :-)
Bit of an addendum: "Here's how we used your responses last time" is even MORE compelling.
Congratulations! Treat yo'self!
i would never intentionally do anything to hurt the person i love.
Wow! The Knights horses are beautiful. Bred to be very agile and in authentic costumes.
idk our relationship is confusing -.-
NIGHT PASSED SO MUCH QUICKER THAN THE DAYS DID
arvo2010: Standardizing Ophthalmic Database Structures Streamline Electronic Submissions and Reduce... - Joanne Gonzalez , May 6, A316
Perhaps the last takeaway? (We'll see.) Be Patient (in #SocialMedia), Be Consistent.
give it a day or so and they will all clear up. Don't try and force them out. It will turn out great!
with Malice and Pusha T as opposing running mates?
I see this game finishing in the 90s
what time are announcements?
Xinhua: liquidation of Liren Group has begun. Group owed $720 million to $800 million. Liren involved in education, real estate & mining
I would kill just to have one their 150+ beers on tap; Terrapin Rye
check out all the new arrivals from your FAVORITE yogawear/activewear! find the perfect pieces to compliment your yoga practice or workout!
Why can't I have enough confidence to ask a guy if he's gay or not? Maybe I'm scared our friendship will go down the toilet.
I love my Evo! RT : I just sold my broken iPhone in under 1 hour. Not for a super ton of dollars but still...
i met u at superbowl in jacksonville fl. you showed me common video on your lap top its been a long min.......... follow me
Using the equity in your home can help you improve your overall financial well being & pay off high interest loans, debts, and credit cards.
Equity Research on TE Connectivity Ltd. and Corning Inc. - Diversified Electronics Mixed
That little fight... Wow that was nothing!!!!!
Memphis looking to close out the Spurs in 5!?!
Heading up to #ocss11 in a few to work some vendor booths. Looks like it has been a good day so far.
Buttons on the brain after cranking them out at kickoff party for Shout out to the anonymous teenager who stepped up to help.
This damn Bucco offense is starting to piss me off.
Just got pulled over by dallas popo..... NO ticket!!! Gotta love the sweet talk.... Gets em every time :)
lol smile gurrl why u mean mugging
The sound tonight sounds like my old man's hearing aid feeding back! Or is it the Academy's?
Weed may lead to nowhere, but at least it’s the scenic route
If you hold your breath, your photos upload faster.
hahahahahaha that's better
Ah, the joys of home inspection...
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
what is your view on white guy/asian girl relationships bubz?
Enjoying a Pennant Ale. Wish we got these in
"That's my style blood" - The Sitter xD lmfao
goodnight babe. I love you. :)
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;) .\ \
I'm surprised nobody didn't ask you.
RIP Adam Yauch. Iconoclastic rapper, visionary film producer. You will be missed sir
I think this bakery may have been one but the view & accents weren't quite the same
I believe I could live on ice cream. I will test this theory the next time I want to break up with someone. Two birds with one stone.
#gbboughtit is good enough for me
My head hurts ;( again...
Iv'e turned my life & health into a fuckn mess.
“: How am I supposed to know that? Because I've been telling you every day for 8 weeks” blitz pulling the #immacatcard again?
<U+E11D><U+E104> lol androids run this
yep and Craig and people from my grad class, wanna party? Cc: ??
hey, have you check out the Honey Wilders new album singles for singles yet? if not please do.
Wrestling tonight...takedown defense and finishes.
Yes AARP IBANEZ WITH THE RBI SINGLE...SHHHHH WE ARE IN THE MOVIES
Actually, not bizarre, probably right. Bring on the interest.
It takes but 1 positive thought when given a chance to survive & thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. R.Schuller
I second. RT : Jewelry and accessory booths at library conferences slay me.
hey pal all is well. getting ready for a big launch - you know who. will ping you when it's live. how bout u?
im starting to feel like i only belong from the outside perspective rather than actually doing it
whats up bro.
YAY pride together? :)
Sweet thanks RT : Facebook/Twitter promo right on my page if you need it :)
RIP Jim Marshall - he made the world a little bit louder...
MT : #Bills news conference is delayed That's ok Fans have waited years for this kind of move they will wait a fee more minutes
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Last Note, & Son of the Sun on The Shakedown this Sunday at 8pm! 98.9 The Buzz.
its in keller. Its cheaper payment than my apartment. its the bachelor pad. i have a buddy whose living with me
#Life is short; #enjoy every #moment as much as possible!
#car2go will be at San Diego City College until 2pm today! Stop by to register for FREE and win up to 60 FREE driving mins!
THANK YOU! EVERYBODY WHO ATTENDED THE GUN SHOW THIS WEEKEND. IT WAS A GREAT TURN OUT. SURE WAS A PLEASURE TALKING WITH EVERYBODY.
Hey, hey! We're so happy that has become our 1,500 follower!
I'm going to #rock this week! Who's with me?
"Check for an organ donor card""He had no wallet, I checked" "It cost us thirty-five hundred $""Five thousand, three hundred $ for a dummy?"
Gamel just lit up Castro. WOW! Props to him for hanging on.
Jury duty :-\
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 8
thx for the follow,Martin!
I know girl! But you should be at a good length in the summer so if you did cut off the ends you'll have a good amount left
Definitely. I'm so ready for football season. This press conference reminds me of a pilot for a new sitcom. Have to wait
depends what you put in them
I wish i never fell so deep in love with you and now there aint no way we can friends.
What's the next level after the debt ceiling is raised this time? Fix the problem. Reduce government spending.
I need donuts and alcohol.
Shout out to for breaking the single game steal record at Butler with 12!! So proud of you :)
#Fact RT : Effort is the bridge between mediocrity and masterful accomplishment!
great time!
Up to 141 followers on Twitter...That's promising.
Beginning of the week blues? LiLLiES of #WoodleyPark #DC offers all-day happy hour on Mondays and Tuesdays!
So much on my mind I can't think strait help me:(
Now to provide "sales with a smile" would be the best way to market the book...
Happy St. Patty's day! Hanging with the girls making green Jell•o shamrock Corn Beef & Cabbage yummy. All we need is some green beer!
The Tupac hologram would've been a lot cooler if he was doing the Humpty Dance just like the good ol' days.
Wow. This kid seriously looked me stupid for bumping into him... I almost got a little ghetto.
got a lovely massage from my room mate #roomielove (:
Beth is cool so dog be nice
I'm past the point of sweating and am beginning to render
RT : gorgeous! I take it you had fun at ? I went and lived the feeling afterwards m // It happens :-)
or we could order a bucket of perch from
serves u right for leaving me
I try not to make any decisions that I'm not excited about. - Jake Nickell, Co-Founder of Threadless
Your long weekend just got better...All Night Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm and goes until close...Who's thirsty?!
Feel attacked? pray "May the Lord see my distress & repay me with good for the cursing I'm receiving today"
Sam and Zoe's in Berry Hill in the corner. I might try a smoothie - not sure which one. Cute guys, but young - not that I'm looking-but...
This one time I ate really bad Chinese. I hope she learned to wash her vagina since high school.
so precious!
shoot tha moon! My name is Ralph!!
thanks Julie! i hope to conjure some Grimace spirits tonight
Koster on publishing: "[B]e an omnivorous reader. How we write is strongly influenced by what we read."
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself. Do not lose courage in considering your own imperfections
Omg someone stold my ipod =o
Without a doubt. We see the same thing.
Does not like the new iPhone app. I can't search to follow?
I'm going to miss my #RusherFamily Love ya all bye Rushers and bye twitter
yes. We just finished dinner and r headin to party.
happy birthday!
it's 4 , the crohns & colitis foundation. They r Having their take steps walk on June 9th and we raising $ as a team
I wonder why RV didn't go with a right handed lineup tonight. Flowers Lillibridge?
Glad introduced me to Air. Moon Safari is exactly what I needed this morning.
I'm going May 4th!! Can't wait!
#askherm who had the best draft in the afc north?
no doubt
that's ill son, on to the next 1
Whats going on tonight
Dear readers of my future book, I went inside a morgue today so you don't have to. You're welcome. Sincerely, the author.
I want a jersey right now
tupelo with leah. :)
Thanks Bradley!!!!
CW-X sports bras are my fave :). I've never had any chaffing with them.
Well im the bass player but ya I can play some Jeff Beck hes awesome :D and we are playing this weekend in fort worth
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
Even though you have her #iWillAlwaysLoveYou (:
Joy and pain , is like sun shine and raiinn
have you pick something to watch? Or still flipping channels? I left room #oscars ducks
Love Farmville? #Zynga IPO's on Nasdaq at $10 ($ZNGA) raising $1 billion, largest Internet IPO since $GOOG. That's a lot of pigs.
I have to catch a 7am train and I'm still up.
An Oaken Barrel Razz Wheat!
goodnight sweet dreams wake up in gods perfect sunlight
thanks for following (:
I text my girls Gm every morning
Rinsing my mouth with warm water & salt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> <<<
That's very cool.
the lions are at the door
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it
Leaving in 1
What even just happened.
let me know when you back in town and we grab a bit to eat. There are some good places in you area:-) have fun in Vancouver
People with too much to say are usually lying
will you marry me?
you should of texted me not twitter I never see this
What I would do for a back massage.
Let's go
Enjoying the creativity, energy and films at #Sundance today at The Yard 1-5 #DiscovertheGift Go Be Inspired!
I think im still high
Nice visit with brother and sis in-law Eric and Vaulty and their 2 yr old, Peyton! So glad to see them!
Wow, I'm sure #BlueJays fans had to hold their breath as Lawrie jumped onto home plate Morales-style...
hence why following sports on twitter is great
Omfg I just want this fucking school year.over with
Tests on Monday <
Copied tweets are no bueno.
At Math Tutoring. .__.
bill her for your time she wasted. Time = money
CEHD iPad initiative is the largest of its kind at a research university.
Come check out "The Farm Cart" at the Firehouse park on 4000 west 10400 South for awesome food!!
How do you guys record TV ? You guys should use us ()-- Daily Show and Colbert use us. We're awesome. :-)
Tell them that its Human Nature
upbeat songs by , #UpAllNight album by Kip Moore or #UpAllNight album by
This can be arranged!
That is the worst feeling! I always end up checking my ears all day and for a split second panic thinking I lost my earrings.
I love to spend time with my mom
Is in a club....how did THIS happen?!
Its my birthday today, just gotta get that out there.
RT "ROI in 5 months (probably less)" #HPTechDay #Gen8 < quite the claim. Would love to see that data set/study
Made it on the plane, but winded! Heading home from
hahah thank you! ;)
Yeah, I just switched that account over to protected and I'm using my planned pseudonym for my "real" tweets. ; )
Hot mama ?
Nothing going on this AM? Stop in 2 learn more about your Wireless Device at our free Device Workshop Today 730am-900am
Dude I'm eating one right now!
OH very Cool! Thanks! Just wanted to make sure u didn't think I was the official archie comics! Rock on!
Pretty sure a homeless man just tried to put a curse on us an he bucks for not giving him cash
Right now, I have my srs face on, later tonight I will return to my regularly scheduled drunken good times composure.
Cant wait new wheels!!
No one understands how bad I wanna go see Mana!!! D:
Leaving this class early and gonna go eat
You hopeless romantic, you.
We are All blessed with opportunities in order to bless others.
Key to optimization: Est. and enforce consistent coding, assign responsibility for site quality, address dev. issues.
S/O to Cory Booker, aka SuperMayor!
Who wants to be our lucky 900th follower?!
Follow me --> I'll Follow back :)
Thanks for following! May our tweets fill a void your life.
RT : M! What just appeared in my inbox but an acceptance to ! It's so warm and shiny!
cuz shortys always too busy for us.. You know and I always have time for that almondy stuff
bitch u gone show yo azz den gone make it shake..if daz a fuckn hater den gone make em hate
Need to get my followers up
The green economy should not just be about reclaiming throw-away stuff. It should be about reclaiming thrown-away communities.
Contact us and we will stop by!! Then you can be lucky too!!!
Pays defense doesn't look like the 31st ranked
Never trust western union.
me jelly;3
#TebowTakesManhattan wow its official Tebow is bigger than football no championships no mvp awards still most popular
when you get them. Let me know....
Rainy fall Saturdays in Seattle are the best days to research.
SEX got easier 2 get Luv got harder 2 find Women when a man LUV U & wants U, he'll cherish U & flaunt U not only U but EVERY1 will know
Discussing 's Hacker, esp. hacker culture and gender identity roles in the text
Random: chewing gum makes my belly growl. Also, ketchup is expensive.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
christina aguilera's cleavage should be illegal
is it ever OK 2 bop a tenured prof n the nose? 5 x in 2 weeks! I get it! Weight gain is from meds a-hole..not that it's ANY of ur business!
So glad you had fun!! Hope to see you at more of our events :)
Thanks! We feel the same way about you!
Not trying to impose on your fun Tuesday night! Enjoy your night!
Amazing day with my Interdisciplinary Music Collective friends! We played, we sang, we drank... rocked !
RT BMW’s new website for its “Art Cars” bmw-artcartour.com
I'd go bengals, a little better team and better parties
Wait...RIP Fergie was trending? I missed this o.O I hope this was a rumor you assholes!! I almost had a heartattack!! -_____-
#Isles PP is over
yeah that would be awesome [:
Congrats on your junior ring! ....Lets go get frozen pizza -__-. Smh.
I love that all I do is look at Jenna and I just know things
Cinnamon toast crunch at work and I'm ready to rage
Love that place!
RT : "If you love your customers, they'll love you back and tell others" - Michael Brito SVP of Social Planning
Best part of that photo might actually be your Twitter backdrop, seeing the old Pacific Bell Park & Bonds Squad signs!
Another day, make the most of the oppritunities the day brings ~ Tony
if you can't take my sexual talk then you can step out of my freaking bedroom.
Can't wait to see later !!
Three thumbs way up for Moneyball at
I kind of nominate you king of the hipsters.
Some people bake pies. We bake our selves.
you stank bitch i hate the living guts out of yhu n nobody can every hate on u somebody dat call there self fat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice! Dirty Bar. RT : where you at? #imdowntoparty after the sick
aww, that's really awesome :)
most definetly will did you hear the Tracc sweet tooth it's to your angel tracc
haha lol my phone is forever alone
My kids put an awesome music app on my phone, now I can tune him out completely.
Don't over think. You'll start to worry about stupid shit.
I feel you. It's worth it in the end I think but it's just frustrating on the journey.
Tomorrow morning Carly and Kitty will be on giving some bachelorette party survival tips. Tune in at 9am!
Missed you too! And yepp hahhaa. Honestly, nothing really. lmao. just you know.. doing my regular life, i guess. how about you?
6 MONTHS YEAH!
When a pitcher only wants to sign with a National League Team, shouldn't it be obvious that his skills are diminishing?
Wishs I could could be back in Jax. I HATE Ga.
I'm excited to sees how that works out.... Didn't think they would go for $2 bil though..
Thanks, you too! Did you enjoy the party?
oo that's a toughie! I'd say stylist recommendation because I'm more concerned about it complementing my face shape!
we in there tomorrow at vibe #lego I'm be looking for you at the dance floor
I've been great, no complaining. Tho
having drinks at the small bar with and
Edith Pieaf #fatindiebands (okay, she's not exactly indie, but it makes me giggle)
The red carpet interviews are always so awkward. Which makes them awesome. Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia are particularly uncomfortable.
I'm right here. :)
Why would anyone STIFF a Bondsman out of money when he gets you out of Jail? If you can't Bond you sure as hell can't afford an Attorney
Your bill is horse-shit. No bill sent for 3 years after many requests, finally paid a $550 bill, THEN listed me in tax sale.
I've got you tuned in....into the Noon #HOUR: ))BP
"You figure it out, you can't stay. What is in the clouds is my life about to change." <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
You know you need more sleep when you fall asleep standing up, in the shower...
New blog posted about the comming energy tsunami. www.spirearchitecture.com
": Turn a nigga out just like the first time when he hit a freak" whoa lucky guy over there
what's good
11 out of 20 of the richest women in the world are chinese
Thanks, , , it was great to discuss collaboration and the GSA mission on
#NoCo2012 tix no longer available online. Get them at the door & get ready for the best time! CC
well, Ur my inspiration! Your talents and how ur into sports just wows me! I look up to u prob cuz ur taller lol -ur biggest fan <3
G.M.N.I.: Less than three weeks. God willing.
instagram misses you.
Hey there check us out if you have time :)
Cartoons are a natural cure!
When white people say Little instead of Lil' haha
lol..im gonna kick your ass!
I sent your C&W offer to a friend; let me know if someone else gets it first (which is fine). Sorry to miss you!
A bummer...
Left my straightener in Toronto. Two weekends in a row of me leaving random shit in stupid Canada. I suck
Thank You Marcia !
Larry Drew: "Kevin Garnett was an All-Star tonight."
word up.
- Congrats on the article
Ajanti George ( ) is a BEAUTIFUL, AMAZING, and INTELLIGENT...WOMAN!
Cant wait for it to be October!!! Need to go to and 's concert #ASAP !!
I have the solution for everyone's problems on here 1 plenty of fish in the sea 2 plenty of people envy your life 3 there's always next year
im bored im mean really bored :|
Lmao already about this new family guy episode. xD
Ready for the next chapter. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Omg that poor girl.
Behold: my brewing philosophy. RT : One must not hop so much that one forgets to experience bunniness.
Thank You God For This Brand New Day<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>!
its not a lie that nigga weak as hell and you know it if him and wayne no fuck it Lil B go head to head he fucking lose.
"Forgive him, for he believes the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!" -George Bernard Shaw
Want a better car? Join me at Honda City on Hwy 100 4-6 today for the Schlossmann's 72 hour Cash for Clunkers Sale
I miss you too!!
you may be eligible for a MASTERS DIY certification.. lol... I'm always more than 3
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
Preparing for my sixth and final conference call of the week. The good news is that plans for Philly are coming together nicely.
“: Why are we even meeting in classrooms for class? #thatcamp #pmt” Suggesting less classrooms or less f2f meeting?
lol smfh. I guess mister dee :)
Doing some real deep thinking right now
Peyton Manning to the broncos.
"The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot." hah!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive boys with tattoos.
hey Coleen! Hope your well. Claddagh Fund is on twitter now too! Check us out
Oh my god . Need sleep.. Today as been a memorable day..:\
Unfortunately, it was shot on my iPhone, and I didn't have the option to monitor the recorded video...
Forgiveness is life,if you still don't have a heart to forgive you are dead.
Hippo or Central? Or...both? :--/
I cant say if I have a type anymore... If I like you, then I like you. There's nothing more to it.
People who think Riley should be coaching, not Spo, are ridiculous! Where's the leadership from the stars?!?
morgan's library is not quiet...but I'm goin there today
#WhyNow The longer you use SEM the higher the cost to receive the same ROI. Use SEO as well to secure a foothold in your e-Marketing future
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you...
Manic Monday by the Bagels
#ThingsThatBotherMe That everyone who testified about #women's health this am was a man.
i just refuse to hear no...just like u bro. That 13 hour car ride...thats what its about. Cant nobody take that from u.
Tune in to 91.3fm Public Radio and Television at 1pm today! Our GM will be talking 91.3fm WLRN Public Radio and Television!
I need to start fedexing you food.
Ouch! RT : Just because ur wife material, doesn't means he's gonna make u a wife...
First pitch Grand Slam? I'm driving off of a bridge.
most memorable putt on tour?
Spring game.
Can't wait to dance w/you at Barboza. Little to no clothing encouraged
Come and get your fro yo party started! Cake Batter anyone?
#replacebandnameswithvagina One Vagina
“We're going to need more stones.”-- the Biblical marriage advocate in charge of stoning non-virgin brides
Aha my dad is like " bieber plays soccer?" "yeshh" " I know I saw, his good!!!" "his good at alot things.."
Thanks for passing along my post this morning. Greatly appreciated.
I wanna slap the crap outta Gingrich
Best funny quote today: "If I have to keep watching these Republican debates I may vote for a dictatorship." Letterman
me me me lol :)
Played college for 4 years. I think they were mocking him or the ref w/sarcasm....I've never heard that rule b4
After a day at Bliss poolside at The W
Oh my crapppers!! I'm taking the CST test tomorrow!! I'm freakin out in the inside! But in the outside I look chilled out lol
A bird just shit on me, literally...
#Huguely court should begin at 930am if defense co-counsel is well enough. George Huguely IV, Huguely dad is set to testify.
your customer service reps lie now my son won't get his christmas present.
Cool, I loved her show! I loved taking her photos!
• Like I said, we should all pray 4 rain to end this spectacle. I just wish it wouldn't happen against the Cards.
that's in my old hood. What are you doing taking a bus to Plainfield?
I know my brother is in a better place; and although I can't see his face, I know he's smiling down on me saying that everything is okay.
What times Rios graduation?
You Rock Rooftop....just love you!!!
just watch what makes you beautiful over and over again hahah <3 btw feel better!
"We are the #artsleaders' Breakfast Club" - Josh
MT met today and says he is (insert adjective) in person!! How about a RT for a BIG Cards fan?
#Falcons release former Pro Bowl fullback Ovie Mughelli
what time did you get out today?
Dear Baby Jesus, please let me have a good Friday. Today I will be learning about how to serve full first class realness, umkay!!!
thank you! :)
This just in: the government is keeping pennies in circulation for throwing at children and small dogs
God is cleansing His kingdom. The #church will be as God called it to be after His cleansing. For a Kingdom divided can not stand.
SM advice from don't have to be an early adopter, but you shouldn't be the last adopter.
I love netflix
this new Tupac Shakur development should be interesting..
But her voice is a bit off
I am loving your t-shirt tonight!! meoww!!
#ConfessionTime I acquire unhealthy obsessions with British boy bands, but I regret nothing.
- Now its up to $3.18
Is in the follow you song at the end when Dylan is singing bc it sound just like
dm that email. Gimme some info on what particular beats you like and I can send some taylored to your style
Seems so simple, healthy whole-grained foods and daily exercise. If hearts were visable, we would surely take care of them.
well tuesdays are always a good time in our book.
whats up Fam its peoples. good to meet you at The Kid Capri Party #Allstar2012 hey lets rap soon bro. 1.
With Ana in The computer lab :)
Phil and I are losing real bad at team triva right now. Maybe we should add a member to the band that knows a bunch of random shit.
People talking about Portland and quoting Portlandia. 2012's "Winning. "
Good good day
I pre-ordered your book, however, I can't read. I'm really banking on it being a pop-up or color by number.
Rome is t city of echoes, t city of illusions,
Accurate jewelry appraisals safeguard your valuables | No Jaime ...
yes it was <U+E415>
Damn I still can't believe is in my city.
Y'all should come to Groppi's patio right now, and hang out w/ and I, and get a feel for your 'hood......
On Tuesday's webinar , I learned a new trick to promote the mindfulness #leaders need to manage distractions and maintain focus
its a mutual thing ! , heart felt lol
Psu lost and Federer lost today. When it rains it pours. Its a deep burn. Taking deep breaths.
what a weekend =]
Thinking of leaving work early, bored as you are...
Am up at 8am the first day of spring break, figures!
Go TacoBell #microconf loves you too! With or without Doritos.
Anyone know the quote that's like, there's the book you intended to write, the book you wrote, and the book you wish you'd written?
Today's writing tip: The devil is in the details so give them a hell of a story!
What a game for gamel tonight? MVP of the night.
Enjoyed being apart of TSAW ATL.Love your spirit & and how you put god in your coaching. It gave me hope in my ablilty as an actor. Luv ya
LSU had a helicopter escort for the 80 mile trip to New Orleans
so he's going to get oak street closed for the st
Elite Eight! Congrats, Jayhawks, on the win tonight!
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!
a trick is something a whore does for money . . . or candy
So many great people to follow on Twitter in Milwaukee, so many boxes to unpack, so many windows to display!!! Back at it tomorrow!
Roy Orbinson on Austin City Limits from 1982 here...
Writing essays in Spanish will be the death of me.
Pretty much everyone with an iPhone has their Facebook twitter and instagram app right next to each other lol.
#imediasummit Jeff is hilarious. "If someone comes into your office w/the conversation funnel that looks like a 'sousiphone' kick them out!"
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk Keep drinking until they look good
Downloading mad games to my ipod for when i go out and im bored and for when my nieces and nephews and little cousins ask to use my ipod
Ugh niggas get on my nerves
Aye it is ;-) quick quiz question: do you know what 3 or more rhinos are called?
Dieting for years mirrors insanity You keep watching yourself over eat crap over and over again Yet, watching obese people not diet is worse
#GO PACK GO.
$5 tix for tonight's Guilty Pleasures w/ password: "Mama Se, Mama Sa, Mamakossa" + come to the 9pm show & see 10pm FREE!
I'm doing a College Funding Workshop at Santa Fe Christian tonight
lol that's when you were writing my autograph <3
BTW, we really liked the Moo & Blurb booths @ PPE. Nice stuff guys.
Even if Darren Sharper can't walk, he at least won't commit TWO PI calls in the endzone. S. Brown singlehandedly cost 2 games.
Shout out to Jessica Simpson on her baby girl
Hey there, what's the best email to ask a few questions related to a theme we purchased? Thank you.
Mitt says hes gnna run on jobs he created not the bills he passed. Huh cuz I can't remember any while he served us as gov in MA.
LETS GO JETS!!!
THE MIDDLESTEINS by Jami Attenberg gets a STAR in Kirkus! "A sharp-tongued, sweet-natured masterpiece of Jewish family life." DM me for ARC!
Apparently on "casual friday" pants and a shirt are a "requirement"
We are now streaming the full version of "Thats What She Said to Me"!
Not yet. First we're going to learn how THEN we're gonna make-a-you laugh
sometimes, i feel like giving up on humanity. the ignorance and stupidity is blinding.
This annoying ass baby
you at the buffet there? Best buffet in Vegas is at the Rio.
hello everyone
At the Pop Awards.
#replacebooktitleswithbacon Margins of Bacon :)
What's the ratio of people invited to the wedding to people who actually come? My list is out of control.
We understand that every home buyer has unique situations & needs. As a result, we have numerous programs available to fit every buyer.
I am with you on that one! What's Good?
Joshua Glottmann - Through the Lens of Aviation - passion for learning the intrinsic ways of flying
CHER LLOYD ON THE RADIO!?!?
I've got a great idea for a Wednesday wisdom column for EGW. Stay tuned.
So, tweet me your name and I'll ship you with one of the boys!(: -K
Congrats on 6K!! Who! Party
I have a Cuban uncle.. What..? O.o
RT : Hilarious RT : Every time someone RTs this tweet a box of noodles get's it's cheese.
Ha! I'm from Denver & there were at least 2 of us who thought it was hilarious!
- p.s. in 1976 I was only two. I've only recently come to know this Donna Summer(s) moment thanks to the magic of YouTube
Pretty swanky eh, Sarah? Our online flashcards are swanky too. Come say hi to StudyBlue at the tutor desk.
by the way, congrats on the new deal with the Cards. Excited to see a good man returning to the Bird Gang.
Wait, Angelina Jolie is marrying the guy from Thelma and Louise?
I have a new comparative effectiveness paper in Harvard Health Policy Review.
Never completely watched Murder at 1600 ! (the white house)
Late night conversations with the best friend.... "He kept jabbing his pecker!!" hahaha
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
thanks for following Bryan yer sausages sound sinfully divine!
haha i use to watch that shit everyday
Lol Utah fans thought they were gonna pull off a clippers comeback but Ginobili SAID NOT UP IN HERE...NOT UP IN HERE!!!!!!
YES WE ARE SO LUCKY AH . Found out after school ! I'm so pumped :D
Darn you Diners, Drive-ins and Dives! I need to be working on a paper instead of watching you.
Looking for a young song plugger for Black Ink Music.
Y'all suck.!! Lol y'all ain't real
Amazing day at work! lets end it right! (:
My lonely ass
The rapture was ridiculous. Now, are Easter and other Christian superstitions equally so?
Chocolate Goldfish *Grahms*: How delightful!
Just an FYI: The planes overhead are the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds not the U.S. Navy Blue Angels.
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. ~ Edgar Cayce
hahah i used to live in CA too; hows it doing?
YOU are amazing! Much <U+2764>
YOUR HER GIRLFRIEND BUT YOU NEVER TALK TO HER ON THE PHONE
That moment when u can't believe the ppl GOD has placed in your life and all you can do is say "THANK YOU"
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
Offering PLUs for #Edcampatl may be a deterrent to teachers who are truly eager to learn & not just log another PLU
When you like someone & they start talking to you but your afraid to tell them you like them ... :/ #HELLPP :)
People who understand sarcasm >>>
Sleepy. Off to dream of you, yes, you. Well, whichever you is most skeeved out by that thought,..SO dreaming of you. God night!
watch it little boy. I'm gonna kick your as
killa cam --> never gets old!
Be sure to wish a happy birthday today!
park street cantina
This mf just tried to attack me.
DeLaMare Library's first tweet!
~~~~~~Thanks for the kudos!
if you're one of my new followers please take the time to check her out man. She is the real deal.
BAHAHAHA! I LOVE THOSE GIFS(: & we really should, i would seriously stand outside for days...
tht joke would've been funnier if he didn't use certin letter during series with the oklnd _'s.
i'm glad you made it! send me new address to send stuff! I really mean it! I'll send stuff!
I'm gonna die if I dont get at least 2 more followers!!! DO YOU WANT ME TO DIE?????? (Yea Dramatic much?)
I CANNOT wait to return from my mini weekend getaway to a total of 5 new emails in my inbox
Was going to go to the movies, but can't seem to find anything that isn't either a substandard remake or franchise crap. Back to radio.
when did you send it?
Yep - found your article! I won't be posting one since I'm in my last weekend before summer school begins :[
Lots of good conversations the #NYVO Mixer, but the best was with Amy Snively and Pam Tierney. Welcome advice from two good friends.
Backseat Goodbye Goot tickets for sale only $10 October 16, 2009 at The Rochester American Legion Hall myspace.com/jwagency for more details
Red carpet hits and misses for 2011.
Remember maryland beat miami
The ref that threw out the NC state guys for heckeling was in his bounds. Grown men shouldn't be able to act like idiots wo consequences.
Does ANYONE have a competent tix sales rep w #Yankees? If so, please PM his or her name so I can request the switch. Mine sucks.
right! and then they act all surprised and shit when she ends up preggoo #smh, got their priorities al fuckedd up!
#igorclark did you get eyeo tickets?
A5 A) willingness on part of brand to keep their promise & deliver what we EXPECT
RT Congrats to and the UP men's basketball team for cracking the Top 25 for the first time in 50 years! http:/
one of our students is in current talks with #WarnerBrothers for a lead in a feature! #TheMentorStudio brings you closer to your dreams.
Studying for finals all weekend<<<
RT Plane w/unconscious pilot landed softly in water, is intact; Coast Guard responding, condition of pilot still unknown
rinaglingggg hi jessie! thanks for the follow! xxxxoo talk soon love,
You need an iPhone 4, iPod touch 4, or iPad to set it up, but once you’re done you’ll be able to use it on any iOS 4
Thanks so much for the follow, Caleb! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
All my dc folks ...RIP Chuck Brown!!!
About 2000 wds in for 2day.It's pulling me in. I like stopping just when tension gains momentum.Gives me a day to ponder outcome.
RT : Its Friday night! West End Johnny's lets do this!... Yes!
Posted on June 18, 2008 in Diet and Exercise Blogs by noemi · 15 opinions voiced
HOLY CRAP!! #16days until you can be my #boyfriend ?! OMG!!!! I'm am overjoyed!!!
"The freedom is better than breathing," they said.
Email marketing workshop at #sandiego 8:30 Today fashion valley mall
I'm adding the 16:00 $11r 3k gtd. let me know if you want in (should not be more investment)
The #Yankees beat the #Mariners 6-2.
Great meeting you both at Seven Saints yesterday, and great job on the run!
I need to work on my googleplus page :/
Thanks guys!
Ready for pickup games!!
; lmao i had a feeling & yes i'm going . are you ?
I actually start with paper sketches but I have a virtual team so I need to convert to digital form to be brainstorm with them
Merci my friend :)
Not yet, 1 or 2 of the Bee Gees are still alive. RT : RIP Donna Summer. Disco apparently, is dead.
Try to discern between fiscal policy & social ideas. Some people even dig responsible financial mgmt & marriage equality at the same time!
The most romantic love story is not Romeo and Juliet who died together, but grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
#thosethreewords free indian food!
So is it weird that's he's your friend &he's liking ALL my pictures?
Don't cramp my style!
love her
is that something u can discuss with me? as distribution is the focus of the 3rd beyond borders:diversity in cannes panel
The comments of Beckett & Francona show they not only we're biggest culprits, but dont care. Francona rightly fired Beckett shld go
<---- This guy sucks
I'd love to read it! Zack Snyder and all! :)
The New York Public Library will be closed on Monday, January 16 in observance of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day.
it's been forever. are you a grad already?
Thanks!! I am blessed to have two talented sisters and a very smart french chef of a boyfriend to put it all together!
Be sure to visit the "Power-Up" Lounge at SXSWi. AT&T Center, Room 301.
Now that all the domestic dust has settled lets get some UCL Final debate/predictions going please. I have Munchen by 3. Forza Inzaghi!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Get the best tool to rip DVD collections!
Seriously, people, DON'T EFFING LIE TO ME! >:|
Thanks for following, and thanks for being a great Liberty Station neighbor!
I think he's expressing disdain with Girls
I did. It was Moulin Rouge..and it wasn't pussy.
I can't stop listening to Foster the People's Helena Beat. There's something about it that hooked me, just like Empire of the Sun.
Follow me I'll Give You A Fat Ass Blunt/Swisher...
Old people make me happy.
These refs suck! Point blank, period.
THAT'S RIGHT TOUGH GUY!!! RT : wasn't he the Cornwall Dragons from 77 to 82?
yup. I'll be there Sunday night!
Adele tops rich young musicians list
you are a great emcee!!
Honored! ": Awesome! N ice to meet you RT meet … both great brains!"
Huge congrats to client Diane Wyshogrod. Family First magazine [Mishpacha] lands today with 8 pages on her "remarkable" memoir. 1/2
How about them apple's......? BABY!!
Homecoming was fun :)
Super bowl! #Giants <3
How much protein do you get per meal? If you don't know you might want to figure it out...
Packed 2pairs of pants and a shirt lol and I'm down
I have never ridden in an indoor arena.
hasnt tweeted today :(
It will come. RT : Multiple opportunities to finish, have not found the back of the net.
Instead of judging people by their past, stand by them and help repair their future
whatever! I tweet fast enough. Thumb thumbs. (haha you remember spykids?) plus, supports me.
Lin comment was unacceptable.
beating the Cats is Always great -says the girl from Tucson!!! #goDevils!!!
thanks for the #followfriday! I appreciate it. Have a great weekend.
Small #publishers can't afford to release #ebooks simultaneous w
Love my school librarian peeps!
8 Years Get Physical Music is awesome! Thanks for putting it out.
Turns out that 6pm nap was a bad idea...who would have thought?
best smell ever might just be except idk what he smells likes haha. Cody what do you smell like?
Are you French because you be making dem fries -
Happy Monday! The panda is interested to know what bars you want to get crazy at. Please give us feedback and a chance to win an iPad.
Khomeini (1988): "requirements of government supersede every [Islamic] tenet, including those of prayer, fasting, and pilgrimage to Mecca"
Submit a Headcheese recipe for the chance to win a full sampling of our new Country Pates! Send recipe & pic to
She isn't a ride or die bitch if she don't let you stick it in her butt.
yeah just now. Wutchu make it on. Good quality. Shit hot
oh! Ok, now I got you! Twee ting is cool! Let's drink Friday night!
about what I expected. Meh, and at the same time, I might've teared up.
Whats up Manny, glad your back. The keg is waiting for your return. I got my parra jersey ready to wear.
The tweet is back at the bloody ford garage. Don't think he has experienced a mad English woman before and I never swore once lol!
To all my followers that I didn't reciprocate, sorry for the delay - really busy, but I'll follow you right back!
wuzup i need u on a song
something to do with seattle, that way they will always remember us. :)
Date Night
he has awoken a sleeping giant, and filled it with a terrible resolve, except for a few minutes looking at
#FF everyone go follow They follow back lol #FollowFriday !!! :)
Long weekend starts now!
- Thanks, but we're not a label! PL70 is an artist collective, where each of our artists retains full ownership of their music.
Swisher!!! A 2-run double!!! There we go!!!
Nicki Minaj sucks major d okay
oh hahaha yeah I knew that I was making sure you knew what you were doing hahahaha ;)
That, and I've decided that it's funny. The alternative is depression, pain, suffering, etc.
I'm adicted to
Waking up with a huge headache<<<<
Thx for mentioning Sylvia Fowles new contract on Sports Center update!
Yes, right! Made it most of the way in pants 1st pg, only about half the way by the 4th!
So... I just made fire red shirts
First Friday countdown- can we get a front page story on Sat saying how many people came out to FF ??
Be not selfish in your doing...
: Wango Tango tonight...who's ready?
placed an order today. Can't wait to see the final product!
It's not too late...Get your ticket to the LV City of Lights Jazz Festival for Today or Tomorrow or BOTH!!!
yea welcome anytime
I sound so high right now :p while...singing that..never ending song with Gloria (:
they are nm/mint no creases
Ugh, I hate when I inadvertently read a book series out of order.
4 hours of insanely critical patients lead me to drinking as soon as I get home. Time for wine!
me too for the first time!
wait there's a lot of em <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>send me a screenshot!
Whoa! That was the most fun I've ever had on the internet!
favorite coffee in nyc? (ours = ninth street espresso or balthazar bakery...close tie.)
hey, sorry for the super late reply. what's up?
10 Facebook Tips: #1-10: Facebook is stupid & annoying -.-
K-12 or college profs for summer study abroad?
what about?
Shaken? “: James Bond will quaff Heinekin's, not martini, in next film as part of product placement deal. Mountain Dew next?”
I love how I didnt go to sleep. Yea its almost 7 and im wide awake.
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Nicki Minaj. This must be an interesting tweet.
“: “: Game 2 of the week and the KCD have 2 new routines in store! Can't wait for tip-off!” Thanks for the lead!
me attempting pull ups..<<< #fuckthatshitt!!
I'm going to have to go Chem teacher on XForce 24- it being A Mite Hot doesn't mean water vapor stops being part of the atmosphere- DvL
I also think this is before I added a ton more green. And the recipe came from your favorite undead/ghost Movie of all time.
Fell asleep still fully dressed abt 7pm. Didn't wake up till my alarm went off for work at 7am.
Pinterest has somehow infected the "crafting" part of my brain. I almost just googled sewing machines. This is getting out of hand.
It's alcoho*is*m not alcoho*was*m
Keshia always have the hush mouth
can't wait for the weekend. =)
Overcome by ADD twitteritis today. Watch out for fast short notes re: all things Scags.
Of course! RT : from their accent, Celine nanos, and chauffeured Porche I'd say lucky foreign students : )
Thanks for the nice note Nathan
lol, we need to come away with this sweep!
RT : I just found out that the guy that got hit by the golf ball at the Masters was my buddy. His name is Nathan Overholser....
Draft of Top Ten #BC players from 2000-2010 coming out tomorrow!
Taxi Driver = Scorsese's 2nd best film.
RT : an all nighter seems like whats gunna happen. I can't sleep for shit either
Amen. What's your captain done? RT : Chant your chant, he has his name on the Cup...
Already, I'm on the same Shit!!
This life is for the keeping.
With this Congress? It's not getting repealed anytime soon and everyone knows it.
Would the internet lie to you?
Love is in the air!!!
Brotha. Have a great 420. Pull out somethin rare today and snap it!!!
sounds like giant flies buzzin'
Hey! Are you at The No BS #SocialMedia book launch party? #
Sports get heated but squashing shit with and is a good start..Passion
Beginning Saturday, May 12th #HTSSS12 tickets will be available as well as participating Fiesta Marts & locations! RT
why did your mom shut it off?
Oh and just thought
unfortunately we are not going to be at that show :( but still check out our music if you want & tell us what you think :)
Chillin at the crib for a few then about to go buy a bunch of shit I probably don't need.
Well well, look who is getting corrected on their grammar now. Change of events;)
Looks like a few DVR spots will be open at my place this Fall since a few shows I watched have been officially cancelled
Great to hear! We hope you have a great weekend.
Justib you are so sweet to ur fans and i love u for that and even though dont or never will message me back;(
Cake should never be followed by anything resembling work. Or preceded by it. New plan: cake, reading, cake, Settlers, cake, Netflix
Lol>>>> My friend think he's smart. He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. I threw a watermelon at his face.
Haha! A little but thank God she's cuter! Gotta love ol' Willie though.
Ready for the show tonight at Strathallan from 7pm til 10. 550 East Ave. Rochester I hope to see u there!
Believe that, cause I ain't scared of nothing but Jesus!
miss him hard every second we're apart. if he proposed, i would say yes.
Wow the village has really grown! I think I was one of the first ones to come to the village lol :)
Monday: Bring Me The Horizon, Parkway Drive, Architects, Deez Nuts, and On Broken Wings. Be there!
What is going on here? Do they collect a chromosome at the door?
Im gonna have to disagree RT : I believe my bed is the comfiest bed out there.
Most popular Garden Digging Spade auctions -
: I'm high, listening to Charlie Rich on vinyl, and all is right in the world.
They seem to be confusing organizing and managing your information w/ archiving. 1/2
A Question of Provenance - Vanity Fair
The worst thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
maybe she's a mermaid and if she doesn't "keep wet," she'll die.
washed my white pants with a bunch of dark blue t-shirts; stoked to rock my new baby-blue pants tomorrow.
but with all the bluffing going on i just might be doing that.
#sotrue. (; We're twins I swear!
yes im very short, its fine! my family are tall people and im the shortest person in the fam.
Ganna go see the Avengers today, finally. SO EXCITED!!!
I'm on it. Working w/ and to plan an Intro to Python workshop for women next month :D
agreed. I'm not runnin!
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
I'm back
So sick of this doll hair weave!!! I'm glad I'm natural!
And boom goes the dynamite.
chocolate with a good cup of coffee is the best remedy:)
RT The University of Tennessee's John C. Hodges Created the Best-Selling Textbook of All Time tinyurl.com/3c66q8y
When you have a bad day at work, sometimes you just gotta think, "C'mon, man, Bruce Wayne could do this."
Today's Free Single Game Selections. Visit Here WWW.KLRGAMECHANGERS.COM Colorado ML -190 and Arizona Diamondbacks ML -150 and Parlay Dem.
Indeed. Plus, it's a better workout than carrying around some bitty MacBook.
you tube Samuel l Jackson reading go the fuck to sleep. It's awesome
Ignorance can be cured. Stupid is forever.
Remembering why I don't drink anymore...... I don't know how I used to do this, my body hates me
Which Black woman was the first to be appointed to the federal bench?
Dominated my ARH 202 final. Gonna get new shoes, got more hours at work, and its the start of summer break. Woo! :)
#whatgetsmemad is when muthafuckerz always complaining
Huge congratulations! Can't wait to have you!
"I need an around the way girl...."
I just love the question
ACS kids have access to computers in their cottages & on campus computer lab for homework and learning
Lots of last minute gift ideas for that Easter Basket you are putting together! Open till 7 so stop in! :)
so much for quitting
Ancient art&#39;s first draft, at the Met
“: I also need Dorian Lord to say "I'm a doctor!" even tho she hasn't had a medical license in 100 years. #GH”
about what? The hurricane!?
RT“: #OnlyInTheHood a nigga will steal your shit & help you look for it. . . "Damn bruh where you last had it at?"” lol
you have completely killed me in the journalism world. I'm sure Walter is SO happy!
Share us with your friends. Were in need of new fans.
for the most part yes I do! I wasn't that bad last night lol
Tequila fans, clear your calendar for the evening of July 22. (And the morning of July 23, depending on your enthusiasm.)
Also not following back me :|
Second clue: the Santorini contest winner gets her brows done East of San Francisco
discusses the Protestant work ethic of gaming
What do Donkey Kong and the stove have in common? It's on.
depending on how many you started with that might be a very good idea.
Pssst..... The new Yats in #Carmel got the green light and is open. It's close to the on North Meridian
What does DP think of Target Field?
I'm glad you're happy!
I have zero motivation to get out of this bed.
we suppose 2 go early so im 4sho gon try n make it
Yes, I may have a slight fever as well. Glad to hear it's not some rare, weird reaction though.
shoutout to for coming back to softball after the tooth accident!
that, and I'm not at all excited about the Avengers movie.
RACISM.. REALLY.. STILL.. In 2012.. REALLY #LOL# ok
RT : "Hey, this is pretty boring, I'm going to call a Technical!"
1. Roflcopter...what does your young jive words mean these days? 2. I called you at 11 am. You were drinking at that point?
so ready for this shit to be done with...no classes friday..thank god..ughh.!
FDR and MLK memorials are nice at night as well, especially with the cherry blossoms. Have fun!!
Damn so much for the shutout
#ThankGodFor my fast metabolism! lol Munchies(:
this philly team is scrappy... i really like jrue holliday and evan turner has really turned it on. deep team. will win rd 1 vs bulls
I miss you all as well! Who will be your new intern?
RT : Want to win a Free promo code for iPhone app Tube D/L ? Follow & RT -
“: - Forgery courtesy of PT.” Didn't seem right but it looked nice in the presentation
There's a pragmatism to our quirkiness. RT : Oh, Baltimore: Only you would be home to a mattress/bail bondsman store.
Let's go D wade
You should randomly give something to one of your 1,000 followers, not reward the one person who became 1,000th. Loyalty wins.
ya! Practice was great! Have another one scheduled for tonight.
Thanks Joe. And a good one to you as well.
that sucks. When do u gett it back?
things happen
Hahahaha wow and
"Don't tell me the sky is the limit when the stars are up above"
I love your promo and happy hump day to you m...
Heyy Frida :) Do you have a Facebook?
Fri morning of running, David Foster Wallace, prepping roasted tomato soup, and pondering 4square as a tool 4 student engagement. Perfect!
Lose your dreams and you will lose your mind.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
#CanIBeHonestWithYou you look like your a little sick...
it was gud spent time with my kids. I'm in Miami now. You saved me a plate.?
The Place just underwent renovations for the fall - come check them out more still to come!!! Stay Dry :)
RT : Bobcats now have nine 30-point losses this season. No other #NBA team has more than 4.
thank you very much!
Sports I will never like: Baseball and Golf
No run today...getting ready for Las Vegas Marathon on Sunday!
if you're willing to take fashion advice from a librarian, please go back to red for SNL.
I'll be seeing you around then forsure I'm gonna take like 3 classes throughout the summer!
How have you been? Long time no talk!
yea thanks And I'm not beautiful at all
I pray we living so dope!!!
- lol. Because I couldn't stop dancing, jumping, screaming and singing. It was packed! AND yes, she's HOT!!!!
I just started to make mine on wordpress
on to best buy for the remote
wouldnt pay 40 cents for that.
shit just music i been do n some big shit
Happy Birthday! :)
it's hard to get Alex to follow you! & I mean he posted a photo of me & him on instagram!!!
I'm good. I survived my 1st year of the PhD program! And 2 weeks ago I started working at a public library and I love it!
Hello! #JennieOCFK Are you ready to party?
I have a chalupa sized clog in my arteries.
You just seem to get more beautiful everyday
You better not give Cutler food poisoning Sammy! Let's get to 4 and 3.
Nikon D800 low light test with the Blueman Group
TODAY! #PAUSEforPeace Don't forget to take a photo and send it to
KC fans want to know how Lugar did in Senate race. Too ashamed to tell them.
Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.
RT : Delta Children's CEO, Joe Shamie, meeting with Mayor to donate 200 new cribs to !
My WTF gestures are usually returned with the middle finger "You're Number On!" gesture. I just try to love.
aw man, we need to do that. I just can't bring myself to Delilah his curly mullet.
lol oh hush!!
Love the ones you can. Touch the ones you can reach. Let the others go. - Real Live Preacher
Gotta thank Usher for making a comeback late in the game. No one quite does a synchronized dance with a microphone like he does.
It makes me happy knowing that Truthers who attack President Obama are also after Mitt Romney now. Please. Don't ruin this moment for me.
Dress for Success - items and checks delivered to Austin local affiliate. Thanks to everyone at Sage who participated.
I love problem solvers!! Nicky rocks! Xoxo
was that sarcasm Katie Baby? lol. No I can't call you that so I am going to think of another name.(:
“: Ex-boyfriends are just off-limits to friends. I mean, that's just like, the Rules of Feminism!”
I would love to see this! serving is no joke haha
Wish I had the answer
my love's like a star, you can't always see it but you know that I'm always there
I have thoroughly enjoyed teaching #CRJ104 and sad to say this was my last semester at UNLV!
happy birthday john have and ICONic one
Gonna go saddle Elliotts horse
You too are hilarious.
Congratulations to Mike Rivera and Gabriela Rivas! They won tickets to Calle 13 & Bang Data on May 12th via LAM ticket giveaway!
how are you?
As a woman, I should not be the source of your ego, but I damn sure should help boost it
my boss was teasing me for walking out of talk on "system logging" when I saw title should've had "...in PHP"
Does anyone wanna pay my miscellaneous bills? Work my life to pay these bills!
One of the things Chicago is truly missing is first class art critics (Ebert excepted of course).
Kids are so rude these days. Like seriously you CAN NOT make fun of someone because of the way they walk. You dont know his story.
Excited 2 go back to my old stomping grounds and see sing at the talent show.. Woo Hoo Northbrook here I go.. #memories<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Down isn't all that much fun ;)
Royse City you're next. Tornado heading your way. Take cover.
You might find me here. Or lose me.
Enjoy it, last night in SF it was all lightning and thunder. :-)
Paged a little after 10am. It's now 11:32 & our patient is still not ready. An hour & a half of OT pay just for waiting. Worth it or waste?
As a southerner I grew up saying Coke, but after spending almost 10 years in the NW I changed to pop to avoid confusion.
love you Joshyyy (:
take a load off fannie
That sounds so amazing!!!
Coming up on sports at 6, Brewers brass get new deals, Badgers asst. gets her shot at UW-M & Hawk fly's to Windy City.
oh god
#oldguyat the airport is listening to the news on his iPad...WITH NO HEADPHONES!!
Great day to be moving into my new house...syke
I know and he didn't turn in referal this is some bull shit.
firstrowsports.eu. click the american fb link and whammo
Can't believe the new series of starts on my 18th birthday though how amazing is that
Take what you can. Give nothing back.
Ha. Yeah, just like "street," or "computer," or "love." Wait...
Stephen Winnie completely with out a doubt frustrates me
still have Diaspora Alpha invites for those who are interested - dm me if you want....
Trying to write a song about revenge but the weather is just too damn nice today.
Ecuador. Cuenca. La Troncal. San Fernando. Guayaquil. Quito VIVA ECUADOR my Country and their love for Eating Guinea pigs LOS CUYISTOS CUYS!
Is it shallow of me to say that people with crooked teeth kind of scare me?
Good night everyone, I'm partially delirious and have to finish packing :-/
I guess i dont know my own strength.
let's go!!
The key to starting a business is to market it cheaply and effectively. Uniforms do just that, call us 954-245-8380
Is the battery life as good as they're saying?
The unknown Country Joe & the Fish: My Finny Valentine.
Tonight is a great night to come in and try out our Riesling flight. Cool off with some crisp.
He's actually the Portland Timbers TV analyst happy to report that Robbie Earle is back, co-commentating on MLS for Fox Soccer
Little Girl Giant Spectacular - The Final Chapter - puppets for professionals
any comparison to a Tarkovsky film is obscene! Will now have to see the movie...
#ILikedYouUntil you became an ass
Motheroffuckingfuck. I just dropped my phone on my foot. :'(
You are your controlling force, the only relevant locus of control is internal.
I did not know about Nvivo; looks interesting. I'm just getting DevonThink all set up, hence the desire to type up my notes.
I don't want Facebook Business pages to have Timeline. I do want them to have the cover image tho since it is a far better design layout.
RichmondNightOut.com has a special this week for ANYONE who wants a MONTH LONG rotating Ad -ON OUR HOMEPAGE- for just $25 - call 955-7257 !
The Doors may be the most overrated piss poor act in History but #Boyzone's version of LA woman will surely be xmas number 1!!!
"There will be more lockers." Thanks for consoling my CL fail on lockers
I have some of them, too :(
We are open for dinner this evening! Join us for Christmas Eve Prime Rib!
Figuring out Twitter!
Not terrible; necessary. They're happy, you're writing, all is right with the world. :) good luck!
Learn that adversity doesn't have to defeat us & disappointments don't have to stop us at this free online conference...
I think you're right... The best show ever would be an In The Heights/RENT collab, am I right?
who is t and Tim lol
which ones were you thinking of attending? i was thinking of checking into
I'm glad I'm not the only one thinking it smh
Off to the dog park. Need to put on the long underwear first. Definitely winter again.
You can never be happy at the expense of the happiness of others. ~ Chinese Proverb
oh boy
never. Humility is a trait that I treasure :-)
oh foreal? whered u get hit at?
lmfaoo that's a no no
And you're going to tell me that the shortened season hasn't affected players and caused more injuries? Sucka, please
Eagerly awaiting my first free #ebook using Overdrive app w/my library. Annoyed they only have EPub. Can this still work on #Kindle?
How good is this defense? Prior to 2012, only three shot-less games in history. Almost three consecutive this year.
I hate when people judge me when I buy alcohol. Idc if I look twelve!!
missed you branding committee meeting. I was forced to eat your share of the muffins ;) See you @ crabfeast
What's going on now?
Here we go! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE.
I have fixed a MacBook that has had that issue before. I would have to google it again since I don't remember
What is the record for most money raised at a single presidential fundraiser? Does today's Obama/Clooney event come close/beat?
YAY! RT Got attached to direct an amazing short -very excited! Looking fwd to shooting in the city I call 'home'.
I wonder if Rip Hamilton wears the mask when he plays pick up ball.
To make friends... I wrote a novel called SUPER TRENDS
What is your opinion Open-borders crowd tosses tantrum in Virginia?
who doesn't like dubstep?! It shall be a good time!
Attitude truly is everything!
Omg.....have HUGE decisions to make. Think I'll pray about it.
I took my son to school and made it to my AM mtg w/ plenty of time to stop and get gas & a tasty tasty latte. The sun is shining. Excellent.
saw your mom today!
I would pretty much be happy listening to Johnson sing the phone book. :)
Now we just need to keep for the good juju!!
It's a great thing! But tell him I'm sad he is not in the non-driver ranks with me anymore. :-)
Welcome to Twitter!
I only glitterbomb the fabulous. I left my glitter in DC & may have to get more glitter in San Francisco
I cant believe this homeless dude got some beats by dre and askin me for money...
Is honesty in marriage or relationships really the best policy? It’s a question that many of us may struggle with from time to time.
till that friday. Hope I can see you and your little girl :)
You got it!(:
Found some new URL access vulns in a popular enterprise MFP w/some motivation provided by Praeda. Full admin access
me <3 even if it means i gotta rush home after school i will be watching.! love you Jake! :)
Attn Indiana drivers...you are going to get me killed and I don't appreciate it...learn how to fucking drive.
Especially when Philadelphians are trying to psych Garnett out by showing off their tummies.
Sometimes I really feel like I'm flying:). Ever have that feeling? Best feeling in the world!
hot damn! it'll be the most exciting thing that's happened during this whole storm extravaganza
so angry there was a mouse in my tub last night!!! how did that guy even get in there????
On that note, time 2 go home: RT get that pink blazer out + dance like the whitest sorority chick in the room
I hope you feel better soon. BTW, Cameron sent me.
“: There is always a light at the end of the tunnel.” R U SURE?
Free Mobile Service - Free Estimates - Rock Chip Repairs. All work meets Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards. Certified .<U+270D>
Let's go then?:) : I feel like going to the movies :)
I need a spare vacation day to go with it :-/
I owe you ice cream
please don't forget to find and friend us at www.Facebook.com/TheSlidersMusic !!
Why are there so many cops outside mag bar?
You hate globalization... So, start by telling me what is going on in your part of the world.
Good to hear! :)
I had a scary thought. What if all those Cadbury eggs I ate made me sick?
Aawwhh :) Can't wait for the interview Love you both legends :) <3
Mariners Win! Bed Yess!!!
Can't wait for Avicii to come to El Paso, Texas! 1/18/2012!!!
Thanks for the #FF for World #Autism Awareness Day! Our blog is dedicated to the day as well! www.knowledgesafari.com
man rampage fake ass fuck he just tweeted his knee is ok now wtf a week ago he said it was the reason he lost man K dis mofucka M0
so mad. just when I thought my life was slowly coming back together... something else screws up everything. I'm not letting this upset me.
Need to change a class or build a schedule? Use the Registrar's college scheduler app in the student center to help
He's a good fit for Milw
Very true! And thanks for cheering me up! Goodnight ttyl
as long as karl is our coach we make the playoffs every year don't give credit where it's not due
It's very empowering to kill off a lengthy to do list.
For sure! Very much looking forward to the #Tonys!
I wanna dance.. & love.. & dance, again!
": Looking forward to Thursday Ladies Night with on the stage!" Can't wait either!!!
Asian boys make cute babies & they freaks but they crazy
RT : #HAllOfFame is Beethoven's 9th Symphony,.......better than anything on the TV
Agree! Look how much better exterior of Neyland Stadium is now. Something def. needs to be done to TBA, too.
haha then there is no fine line, just a lot of blood everywhere. lol
He's about to get on Facebook he says.
Thanks for following Watch this space for proms and language project news.
You rock!:)
Happy Friday! A big #FF to because she has a great blog & entertaining tweets. One to follow for sure!
hooray!! photo sent :)
tell me now
Why do they say "Ive got nothing to lose" because i know if i were to lose you, Ive just lost everything.
A late night roadtrip to Muskegon, mi
Oh I Got A Edible Arrangement 4 Yo Ass Alright!!!!!!!
i luvv u! u are so little and cute:) and u have a great personality!
You listening ? RT : Yes. Lili Taylor would be the perfect Anjelica mentee
Damn I'm hungry bout to fix a chicken sammich
only values what I say when reiterated by professors
It takes the same amount of energy to wish as it does to plan. Stop wishing, start planning!
Tonight's Special: Shrimp Basket $10!
RT Emily says, "who am I going to send home?" Besides the dude with the egg, right?
is there a Falcons background???
weather warming up, get trash enclosures cleaned and power washed on a regular basis to reduce smell and bug problems
Headed back to the crib but first gonna stop and get somethin to eat, and watch the game.
lol, i am a very busy man with work and coaching girls basketball
Wow, I haven't talked to someone on the phone for more than 30 minutes since high school. Definitely not gonna stop smiling now
Seven pages of Bin Laden coverage in tomorrow's Union-Tribune.
Thanks for the follow! Love your site- it'll definitely help us lower our budget for props, so thanks again!
haha you should get one today!! But YES!!! Road trip this summer :)
9 tickets to graduation is not enough...seriously i need 2 more then im all good
I thought that the Twitter:101 Basics session was excellent! You did a great job with your presentation, and I am glad I attended.
why say ohh
A1: Initially I wanted to be an artist but working at an ed non-profit & an internship made me an
I love when my iPod is on shuffle & every song that plays is awesome & I don't have to skip any! #It'sthelittlethingsinlife
we won our biz startup competition #SWMadison! would you guys mind doing a story about us?
yeah, it's all built up over 2 games.. i gotta get it out. i cant say it on my other account.
#endoftheworldconfessions I've been sitting on my balcony since 9 am... Weird?
who doesn't hate the SAT ? www.sandovalnation.webs.com - join if you want to survive the zombie apocalypse
I need an intern; must be willing to do everything I don't want to do. Basically, I need to hire me.
Got leave you alone
She knew she wanted to say somethin to me but she didnt cuz my family was there
awesome!!! Can I have some?? lol
Don't assume my tweets are about you. But if you’re affected by them, then that obviously means you’re guilty of something.
your not the only one with your break ruined:( or your heart.
oh okay. Yeah, I have to write two more essays and do two more finals...
How kind! Love you back!
“: I'm already sick of the Century 21 teases for their commercial. #brandbowl” Agreed!
Yes, I am following and I have no shame in that.
Just scored on in 21 and out of anger the dude slammed the ball and hit himself in the face!
You're always in my way
is getting her own show on MSNBC. #stoked!
I love sweatshirts(:
Shall we start it here? I can't find it ever happening here, but it must have.
Moore and Ingram, both should be good for a TD this week.
Does anyone have $102,000 I can borrow? The Space Adventures company is advertising suborbital flights. I am a little short this month.
Awesome! We can't wait to help you out, keep us posted! Also, thank you for the referral!
Tonight is an opening reception of Rene Lynch "Leda's Daughter" at hpgrp GALLERY NEW YORK where NEW CITY ART FAIR will be held.
Shoot it to me in an email:
feel like going to Disneyland right now,thanks to :p
": I kinda wish everyone would just get along for a day. No arguments, no drama. #thatllbetheday". I'm with you!!
I was gonna buy some veggies but I got too annoyed at being denied Tanqueray and left. Fuck you too Winn Dixie!
Aw RT That was gay
logan looks funny
Do not need more shoes - no, actually what am I thinking, of course I need more shoes!!!!
Have lost more than 4# this week! That's what happens when u stop eating 1/2 of an Argentinean cow a day! Great beef = fat butt ;0/
I just laughed at a Jay Leno joke.
Final panels at #cwcon 2011. Looking forward to NCState!
Thanks for sharing our Storytelling article!
Amen! We walk by faith, not by sight. Miss Ya!
See you there!
"Conventions exist because they WORK and we continue to use them because they do. DONT try to reinvent the wheel!" - I hate that quote.
A Birthday is celebrating that you're still alive for this long
going to enjoy the christmas break! concentrating on Boxing and BJJ training for the next 6 weeks What are you guys all doing?
Fuck I was super extra #Banjee tonight :/
crazy to still see the photos we took in front of the prison for brother Troy Davis.Can't believe we are here again
Happy National Pancake Day! I think that deserves a pannenkoeken or two. I'm obsessed with the hummus and pannenkoeken chips... give it...
I want to watch the Avengers again.
It's too cold to even be considered May.
what it dew
": “: Follow < oh thanks!" at least you didnt tell me to fuckoff lmao
I was thinking the same thing
Why is it that when you send something by ship it's called cargo but when it's on a car it's called a shipment?
sounds like I'm missing a great presentation!
Hey hey hey!! So! LoL.
Revision to yesterday&#39;s blog; HIIT workout: bedding in new brake ...
it's not close “: Bucky and Marquette both are in Sweet 16, so I get to drive to Phoenix tomorrow for Marquette. Good times.”
Don’t waste today regretting yesterday instead of making a memory for tomorrow.
#social2011 sharing Dell won #1 social brand, yet still a lot to do. R6 will help to improve engagement, insights
Palm Sunday is the great doorway leading into Holy Week
That sad moment when I can't see my mom on mothers day because she lives in a different country.
RT : Nothing like a hot tub featuring music from with on a hazy LA morning
Pam walking thru her history as an admin: credits "osmosis," taking classes on her own, for her career growth
Jess can you text me, got a new phone but the same number
Hey fellow place fans is next weekend! What projects, ideas and questions do you want to bring to the table?
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!! We are proud of you..
“ I'm digging the plenary, maybe do 3:30? Just let me know!
yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the #Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points.
Thanks for tweeting the article!
Still some time for tailgate parties! Power up those TV's with the PowerHotSpot from SolisEnergy! www.solisenergy.com
For the record. Win or lose I've never been sold on Matt Ryan as a top 10 QB.
Temperature 103.7!!! Lord save me!
do animals go to heaven?
Beautiful weather in #nashville 's #musicrow ! #peopleneedtostop complaining.
Happy Birthday! We'd love to treat you to a free birthday dessert, so just let your server know you're celebrating! Enjoy!
Here too in Austin! But more expected> /Austin so green now..
Running today! Not a traditional race plenty of mud. Biggest concern my leather seats after race
it's in ATL and i do need a MUA!
Anglophone vs. Francophone sources, personal/family vs. state histories, roadsigns!
nice to meet you!
you sure that's what they were talking about?
Or the last door is unlocked.
I "liked" it - I wonder if I'll get in trouble with my hard lefto pals ;-}
Dolly Parton and Queen Latifah star in feel good flick, 'Joyful Noise'. Photos of the duo in action here:
I can't. Alas, I am but a concept. But maybe other campers can!
Don't get me started on Siri. Try telling her you're a tour bus and see what she says.
Or the rapes RT : Its the playoffs. Kobe will not miss a game just because he has the shits
My 9:35 class was cancelled, ergo, making french toast.
My associate, PJ Ochlan, is an excellent coach. His students are doing so well. Build your entourage with us.
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
nyc treated me right. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
My mom wants me to help fold clothes... I'm sleeping mom
wife had same problem with her younger brother, I think he finally let her win. :)
this week is going by fast !
#MomentsICanNeverForget crossing the river to come into America!
RT : you are one of the most amazing singers I've ever known. come again next year! :-D thank you so much!!
I will be There for you Even through Thick and Thin I will never fall When hope is loss -Crown the Empire- I'll always be there for her<3 :)
Go Home & Sleep
Cool! We should grab lunch sometime then.
Twang it up! RT : Man LA don't make um like the south In need of a
mine is 'sharon monroe jack daniels'
I hope she took the expensive weave and not that $9.99 shit
you're a fucking idiot
Rocking out to Hanson's Christmas album to get ready for the party. Oh yeah.
The LA Kings are going to win the Stanley Cup. And no one will care.
It was good to catch the last part of the MarriageChat, blessings ALL!
Game 7 starting to get away from the #Winterhawks. Oil Kings score early in the 2nd to make it 3-0. Still plenty of hockey left.
Making a spinach lasagne and baking a blueberry pie for tonight, while awaiting the arrival of my sis-in-law, her husband, and their twins.
Follow my personal twitter? I follow back :) <3
You can't work out shit with a mf that dnt wanna be worked with... Think about it
You know if you shaped like a N-64 controller, you getz no play
just followed ya lady and i got ur email as well :0)
nah, not if your playing on D
OMB that's a lonngggggg way!!! The mall is like 30 min away from mah house.
#TebowGotTradedFor A Shamwow And A Neck Pillow For Peyton.
Questions asked while Im counting something will be answered by louder counting;while watching my tv show by louder tv volume.See a pattern?
Thanks, Stephen. When do I get your galleys?
So excited to be going over e. e. cummings in English class today.
Still wanting to find the meaning of life....
Me and my friend are going fishing. Let me know if you have a Hendersonville lake house with private dock we can use. Too many boats out.
now following via Please take a look back and let me know if I can ever help w info.. Thanks..
Can't wait to get off so I can style my own hair....geesh, even the stylist herself needs a new hair style!
Want to get your #fashion #brand in front of TOP influencers? We'll be at #blogher #shecon #TOTC and #MCC. Need we say more?
I finally have a twitter. Goodnight.
. , I just mentioned all the knee injuries lately. I said Derrick Rose, Iman Shumpert, Baron Davis. & said "Who"
Are you serious?
Turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. Wish I'd realized what I had when I had you.
my point, Mr. Math, was that there were 9 innings of offense to come back.
I really miss watching Adrian Beltre smack dingers.
It seems at times that I am addicted to exercise and that my life depends on it...wait, IT DOES!! Improve your quality of life, EXERCISE!
hey i love ur videos please follow me :) thanks so much
all recipes looked toss. Daft yanks
It's been such a long time since the Thunder played, it seems so weird that they're back.
I've seen the 4th and 1 rollout for the lady time I hope.
But how does the unconference work? Using Twitter?
Guys, I'm going to be honest. I don't think I can handle six more months of Mitt Romney.
Had a great trip to the Atlanta Apparel Mart to source some new private label items for Memento!
RT : Dave Terry, , & all the sponsors have pulled off an AWSOME Drupal Biz Summit here in Atlanta. THNX!
Looking forward to Monday. Got Work? Bring it on, we are ready.
lol, love it, thanks for the shout out :)
Congrats Chrissssssy! So happy for you! you deserve it girl! Next year is going to be wonderful :)
Romans 12:12 Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
our games are march 31 and april 2
I've only been on summer vacation for a Week and my summer has already been fuckin awesome!
Everyone has someone in their life that keeps them looking forward to another day.
#NF... thanks for the follow hun
bahaha you guys. Fine make your burrito yourself. Haha
Found - FLOORED...so excited I shopped at 10:30p.m. can you fix my lentil allergy? Pretty please?
follow me please:D
our new(ish) strategic plan. Its a big academic library system.
Ugh she make my ass hurt
killed his verse on #Mercy! I got it on brain repeat ... lol
ahh wow! butch walker seriously is great i am hooked. haha i see why you like the guy, thats going to be you!!
I think you are getting some parody tweets tonight. DM me,if you can. Have a good weekend.
Random fact #1 He likes ketchup on everything!(:
If Romney takes Wisconsin he's going be the the guy the GOP nominates to lose to Obama in November
i mean if its that big of deal that me & cassie took some icing off of a cake? Lmfao
imma stay awake forever *in my rick ross voice*
Of course I HAD to go there, lol
Happy Easter!
neridahart: in Chicago - in transit to NY - well organised airport - am impressed
1st day of Summer you will b able to download the #WeDoThis Mixtape
Thanks to you both! is a labor of love. :)
Someone just turned off the lights.
when you just wake up and get a text from with the lyrics to a song!!!!!!!!!!!
mike brown can tell them the ultimate plan, but its up to the players to execute. People blame coaches too much.
Excited about premiere of Manifest THIS. Oo-er! Just seconds to ... well, the pre-game stuff. Movie at 8!
So apparently my TV is being flown to BWI. That's nifty.
It's swelteringly hot out this weekend...escape the heat and the hassle by booking PlanetTran.
In my view, the Oscars would gain a lot if they would just replace lots of it with a festival of the animated short nominees.
she Bad Cause Her last Niggah Told Her thatt
Ephesians 1:4 Even before he made the world, God loved us and chose us in Christ to be holy and without fault in his eyes.
thanks! You too!
Action=Massive Results
Just got invited to serve on Educause Mid Atlantic Regional Conference Committee! Love those colored ribbons...
SO TRUE!! RT if anyone has to step on anyone to get anywhere...it's not really progress. <3
bummer, but that's what downtown abbey does to ya.
of course he is, he's the glorious product of PPE
Everything students need to do, we need to explicitly teach
I want to answer your question but can't DM you. Email me? cdunn @ strength.org. Ty!
Those fucking cute ass relationships >>
say whaaaaaaaa? Strokes or Nickel Eye?
Almost got ran over by a semi this morning.
Check Out one of Washington's Gems, #Art Past and Present....
Say it ain't so! Are you really going to monkey with SkyMiles program, make it even harder to redeem miles?
You can only rely on your drive, and you can never switch gears.
Powered by.....
Its now bedtime I'm gonna regret staying up this late when. My nephew wakes me up in the morning
": I'm so bored right now"want me to excite u?
hahaha its okay!
There ain't shit to do on a Monday night!
You are always on it with the RTs! Really appreciate it
Happy day - sox game - box seats
But yeah that probably won't happen any time soon
FRESH Clausen's Bakery daily---check us out!!
Hoping everyone has a lovely wgi finals day! Have a great time guys! At home rooting for all the indiana guards! #guardlove!!
And im going to fart in your general direction RT : Good day of workouts. Now time for an episode of A-team on
Wait. Why is that guy playing shirtless trumpet in his car?
i hate it when people get a lot of followers then decide they are "too cool" for twitter and only tweet a couple times a day.
her and the other thing one that was on the stage looked alike
It would be amzin if u followed me but ik u won't so have a grand day tomorrow #muchlove<3
On the train: "This is your guard speaking, which for you means he who shall be obeyed, even if England didn't win."
18 days! The count down continues.
so many hot Brazilian boys at the outlets right now
Fridays have the best Happy Hours of the week!
What are you reading?
yu my girl
haha I knew you'd get a kick out of it! <U+2764>
Excited for this year. I'm baking again this year- haven't decided on a flavor- send me any suggestions!
At the Activist Coalition of Towson right now. talking about unity-rally, trayvon-rally, and other events.
Definitely going to The Last Circus tonight at midnight.
Another show added! June 2nd at Belle's Bar in Frederick, MD
True! Come to #Seattle & we'll visit his kitchen. Benefit?! RT : I have (twice!) -- he's delightful.
We hope all of the mothers had a beautiful day yesterday!
Still a bit squiffy so taking the train to the #xfactor studio today , listening to unreleased #Bellefire album on my ipod. MEGA!
is i
Missing practice today :/
When I feel frustrated, I take a break. My actions serve me best when my energy is lined up with what I want.
[Campus Bulletin] Alright, who broke into our office and pressed the "Close Campus" button again for Wednesday?
Who is trav....why we want him to hold up??
RT : don't do it!!! That's grimy yo... #BMB · I don't do baby mothers...I'd rather his sister #word lol
I need my Tv's Setup... Like no Tv is good but dang or what not
Nice catch Tommy Boy!
Thanks Great day in Studio City, POTUS visiting neighborhood tonight:)
The hockey gods must be angry at the NHL. We could have an all small market 2nd round. Whoa boy!
I do want a zombie landscape sculpture
I just finished this pop track bro. Its hot!
Fruit butter's are healthy and delicious. Have you ever thought about putting it on greek yogurt or ice cream?
Yes yes. The divas are back tomorrow at 8 pm. Signature Live!!!! I'm thinking they r going to rock the house again!!!!!
aww I'm sorry. I actually like to go outside and watch the sky before a bad storm
Follow Back man
you know your curious......
no doubt is playing in food lion aw
help spread the word about our Special Needs Activity Center 4Kids! we are always in need of help&donations! www.snacknyc.com
You think Myspace isn't a bad place to go to listen to bands but it's weird if a friend has a profile there. <--describes both 2004 & 2012
Sarah's awkward face in 3... 2...
kid, your dataset is inferior. ::insert pompous dork chortle here::
yaa the hunger games ;)
doing what makes me happy...
Great news!
happy mothers day<3
Doug_W_Gann was too long. Dr_Gann was too pretentious. So Dug_Gann it is. Hello twitterverse.
God you :p
When kids visit parents in prison, the inmates' disciplinary incidents go down, saving taxpayers considerable resources.
Don't like that's that shit I don't like bang bang
Thanks for the follow(:
time to get all up in that gym and sweat this weekend out!
do u guys have school still going on in the summer
First rule to building a new wardrobe...get rid of stuff you wore 10 years ago. Same is true with new success. Clean out the closet!!
Thank you Karen, means a lot! :)
Maybe you guys can hire me for one day and fly me up there. I could be like a pop-up employee. It's conceptual.
I never thought I'd want more Blaine but he's totally rocking this episode.
webster just asked me to take over ur duties on FB hahaha status's, comments and so forth :) I'll do my best
*throw up noise* hopefully that's all it is feel better :(
lol tyler cheated! O:
With just one look, you can silence a room ;)
TCGD RUNNING!!! up 2,900% and the ask slaps continue... Get 'em
Tired ass hell my babies sleep my WIFEY getting sumthing to eat then we r off to bed watching movies what a day
Just brought back the snow thrower from the repair shop ---- thanks J&R Sales. Bring on the snow!!
I like your Twitter page back ground. Was it a single image you uploaded?
the 2nd Charles Daniels song of the day. Devil went down to Georgia! Brooksville, KY is jamming today!
time for the
Loving the tweet up with and many more. Late night is great for networking, no doubt.
Crotch torch
Lucky Charms are the best thing since fruit rollups
Im in gym and just standing there, and a wanna be gym class hero who sucks yells at me!;/ umm no I'm better then just standing here!
I feel like I got punched in the stomach by the incredible hulk. Not a good way to start the week.
When is the last time you came to an event at the Library? What was it?
so where are u from? (:
but like I said I'm a tone it down for you, I ain't gone lie I missed yo ass lol
I spent the last day watching #gameofthrones and now I'm a little bit obsessed. Thanks:)
Not excited about Jake Westbrook pitching in Cincinnati tonight. My prediction: 5.2 IP, 5 ER.
Shots, music, and loud y go to the club when u can do that shit at home!
This smell. Is. Amazing.
Great #nutrition #parenting book: how to get your child to eat, but not too much by Ellyn Satter. Fantastic advice!
Sharp and Ekman-Larsson
yeah exactly. If your trying to enhance your cooking ability, IE is perfect for you
Ch.11 The cost per inmate went up in Alabama
WHERE ARE THE NERDY HISTORY TWEETS? Or are you too focused on the presentations? (which is also appropriately nerdy)
only bc my inner merch girl came out and safety pinned the front of my dress up so I wouldn't trip!
Long day & the weeks not over yet
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world.
Check out ! FREE tool for teachers! Online portfolios for dev. milestones & memories! Parents <3 love it!
Lazy Saturday taking care of my sick fiancée and reading.
for the right stuff - visual products - pinterest can be very valuable to a merchant
Playing the follow game with >>>
PROMISES KEPT, DESTINATION MET. The DIGNITY of OUR NATION has been restored by a man who is TRUTHFUL and can be TRUSTED. PURPLE SWING IT OUT
Hey Chandra, meant to thank you for the retweet. Thanks. :)
You do it I Did it,I been on my Job
I am going to bed happy.
Hunger games stupid long
I'm reeeeaally feeling twitter today. A cool change from fb.
Guest speaker will be State Rep Vicki Barnett. Barnett is serving her second term in the Michigan House representing the 37th district.
How do you know when you're out of invisible ink?
Know of any new businesses opening up in the Baltimore area that I should know about?
omg! This may be the longest amount of time we haven't seen each other in 3 years. It's like we're divorced.
Thanks for the RT bro. We're excited to see you at the stadium! Gym tan wrestle!
Happy 238th Anniversary to the Boston Tea Party!
wow somethings just fall in place when u least expect it to so thank u lord because u kno wat i need n want n ur a;ways on time
Beauty cause' she my fav but I luv all of tho.,
ever been autographing DVDs for a good 10 min before ya realize you've been sucked in by Apple TV's Wildlife Screensaver? Just me...
The soul can not think without a picture.
Niggas say they have cars like us, but do they?
ok, thats just my opinion.
Me, too. RT : Tears and goosebumps.
thank u you too
"It's going to be a tough play and Nunez can't make it." .... I think I've heard that before. Maybe. Yeah.
Europe was an alien land then as any temporally very remote place would be. Christianity had reached Ireland a little earlier.
Im STILL waiting for them to address that
I believe I do! I'll find them on my terabyte.
Very curious! Will have to read when I'm awake!
Hello How is everyone doing today???
that bad behavior thats how zion goin act to BAKS (bad ass kids) lol
My brother just said he likes "Call Me Maybe" I Swear he is adopted.
Maria, if NYC is in your upcoming travel plans, we should arrange for you to check out Molyvos' wines!
It's actually a silver chain with a purple rock on it. I bought it on a school field trip when I was 6 years old...and it still fits ^_^ lol
Poor kid was sick the day they handed out project assignments. She got what was left, but she was in great spirits about it.
Gettin' excited for baseball. H.S. season starts in 1 week, M's start in about a month. Can't wait!
He wants clean sand to put his head in.
R u surging ahead with mobile marketing & apps or just starting ur mobile engine? Join us 2night 4
Wow another missed dunk for the awful auzzie.
Wish I was sleep up under him with his hard dick pressed against my ass<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Jesus, Mary, and Joan Rivers! Art History time.
Rip The Runway!!!!
the highest aspiration of any brand mascot is to be "beloved by celebrities" - don'tcha think?
Ah Vincent's birthday is tomorrow , well soon !
when are you going to come to houston texas man
That's the Hook Right Thurr! That's the Hook Right Thurr!
Blinked and gas prices went up 10 cents.
I'm realizing that what I've eaten today contains mostly sugar and caffene. This can't be good for me...
just trying a new things
DID YOU GET THE NEW Mix "The Hardest Hit" yet???
Magazines should really make pictures more cutter friendly
so are y'all seriously trying to overcharge 60 customers at once at 4:33 am in Arkansas? I'm gonna fly continental next time.
Trading Fucito AND Neagle, really? Sure seems like #Sounders f**ked up big time. Not the kind of news I was looking for on a Friday night.
jonas fans are awsm jonas fans
Innocently reading "The last lecture" and got selected for the first criminal jury pool. Not excited but could be worse.
Learn to take care of your own responsibilities, its not my job.
I mean I can't even order some dominoes cause everything gotta add up to atleast 15$ ...Who said I was planning on spending all that..
And this is my que to go to sleep. Night fellas!
Just appreciate good basketball thats all & #PSA "Young Niggas are taking over" Juicy J voice
just move to Tenn from NC nice to know there r #O's fans around.
don't work too hard!
Stay open. Have Faith in yourself. Trust in the significance of your life and the purpose of your passion..
just followed! Hope she follows back! Key to social is engagement with followers.
These next seven games against #Mets, #Astros, #Twins will be good gauge of how #Brewers perform against teams they really ought to beat.
great explanation by Nick DiCristo owner and founder of ClickCom.com of Mobile Web and Mobile Apps
Seriously? Noah sent Allie 365 letters. I think you can manage to text me back.
Ready to get tattooed or pierced this weekend? COME ON OVER TO LAUGHING BUDDHA! We've got plenty of jewelry and very talented artists. DO IT
The Varsity Movie this weekend is We Bought a Zoo for Christmas! Tickets are just $2 with your MU ID!
Our great T-shirt sale is coming soon in 2011, stay tuned. Sphere Promotional Media & Design www.spheregs.com
y y y y. Did cops let's him go.
just got asked twice if i ate the rest of the brownies, WHAT THE HELL?! i didnt freaking eat them! why do they always assume its me....
Those two tend to get me working too!
The Sox have Dave Roberts, the Cardinals have David Freese..
He knows the only way to get to me is to get me to the money
Are your teeth whiter?
CENA looks good in Green :)
I heard the DTV is better then cable but is not going to be avialalbe for another 2 month
"Are you a Hotch-A-Do or a Hotch-A-Don't?" I dare someone to name that movie! 50% off Hotch-A-Do at www.crowdclick.com
Pacquiao vs Marquez: The Slippery Slope of Angel Heredia and ...
RT : If you don't ASK, you don't GET. Seems simple but some folks need to be reminded.
- pre-bcs...irrelevant argument. LSU is unbeatable anyway especially in the dome.
TX Wes closes regular season with road win in Austin. 24-6 regular season record: Conference tourney this weekend and hopefully nationals
John Quinones announces his run for Congress. Dems on the brink of possibly losing a safe seat. Not good.
We're looking forward to seeing old friends and meeting new ones at #nwsa2011!
RT : When you live in gratitude, you bring more ‘good stuff’ to you
Hear hear! RT : Can't say enough good about . Support for & the WordPress Austin community = awesome.
Ordered groceries from #peapod using app on phone while on vacation. We got in late last night. Fresh groceries just delivered now.
whoop whoop!
and the everfamous, AH BALLS!
LOL, that'd have to be some obscure scoring system to make that work!
stay on
My pleasure - the post was really enjoyable and interesting. Good job!
I wonder if that same logic applies to when 'Bron gets grief as well
Tell RJ to tell Mr. Rivers to text me. Ah.
WHERE? : you can win a contest to go to prom with the sundrop girl? wow xD
i strongly believe that the title is making fun of me for not being able to finish it.
Can you follow me i just follow you!!!!!
It's like you know my every move.
Happy Earth Day!
A Bible
That means it's time for bed.
Can a huge packers fan get a RT on his birthday. Packer 4 life!
we love you so much(: never doubt that
#MSU Meet Mountbatten Admissions, Michelle and Becky, at the Global Opportunities Fair and Conference today. Live, Work and Study in London
what is tweeting too much? Color me confused....
YES. even the kids are sick of that song by now.
Live. Write. Thrive.
what are you grrrrrrrr-ing about
Have you set aside this Friday to come hang out at ??? You should 'cause there's so much to do: bit.ly/sW2Ean
"Give me a museum and I’ll fill it." ~Picasso #quote.. someone had self-confidence!
We prepared an article and series of interviews to guide you through the maze of events during National Police Week www.CopsAlive.com
Watched the Rock Horror Picture Show tonight for the first time... It was both amazing and all sorts of confusing!
It's so EASY 2 doubt the beautiful possibilities of #life making life HARD, but so HARD 2 believe failure is nothin more than tools 4 growth
True! Need to integrate CRM, MAS & BI to get complete picture. WSI_NetEffects. Would you classify any 1as all in 1 tool?
#NW : Major League .. "look at this f'kin guy"
I miss Pretty Little Liars!
lmao you're a gorgeous one :p there you go lmao
Normal>Dirty>Funny>Serious>Silence
Yes! RT : Using Zaarly to snatch up odd jobs. Should I tweet this? Just did.
Thanks for the #ff!
done. dm me an email if you want to hear the first(?) black metal song with a shuffle beat. not joking
Misconception #1Harmony helps. Smooth interaction among collaborators avoids time-wasting debates about how best to proceed.
Wow, seats are going fast!
“: -__- nigga only thing weak is yo english lol” #whoah i peeped this! Who is this trying my poopy????
Lol that just made me laugh!! I can't stand you!!
The endless vacation is officially over $%^*%&(**
Pedro Alvarez 0-2 in his debut in the clean-up spot so far.
If you are what you eat, I'm a mashed potato. If you are what you do, well, I haven't done very much lately, so I'm a mashed couch potato
welcome to the club!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"call me a money magnet..when I move money move"
Do any of my followers have an odd (and when I say "odd" I mean it in a cool, hipster way) appreciation for email copy?
Can the Bears pull this off today? They have some leverage and are trying to pull the DOW to zero or less. The NASDAQ is already negative.
FINALLY DONE WITH DEBATES
I've suddenly developed a strange liking for the band, Weezer.
prom is gonna go ham!
can't wait to go to the TCAs this would be my second year going :') can't waait
you shouldn't tease fat kids w pictures of yummy ice cream dishes!!! Looks so good!!!
John's Pass Pirate Days today, come out and see my new statue costume!
RT : Our Pick 'n Save store at 1715 W. Silver Spring in Glendale is hosting a Brat Fry from 9-2 to benefit
i wish i could sleep.
I'd love to see a scientific study comparing the % of jerks in the general population to the % of jerks among website commenters.
You're awesome!!
Set out for Detroit to do a photo shoot yesterday and came home with a foster daughter last night. Life changes so fast...
Fred brill: can't wait for state to provide world class Ed. We have to figure out new ways to get $$.
lol @ “inciting fear of terrorism” - if that were a crime in the US, the prisons would be filled with politicians and members of the press.
your absence will never diminish this love for you! I continue to send you Pure Thoughts filled with rivers of emotion:-)
Pissed I lost all of my work credentials and credit cards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> what a hassle !
great tips, thanks for sharing! have a great weekend. :)
It's not easy to convert from being an inherent night owl to a "morning person", but it's a change I want and have to make to evolve.
you know it. Best 3 hour recovery nap I could ask for.
GO FOLLOW I'LL FOLLOW YOU BACK ON THAT ACCOUNT :))
had to be one of the sweetest guys I've ever met, band guys or not.
I've already seen Jason in concert ;)
really. U do a cover story on Seaworld changing fro coke to Pepsi yet she gets a few sentences I on the move?
See you in Burlington Ma!
wine kegs thats an interesting innovation
Fuck in the ear.
Wisc. comes in as 10th best shooting team in BT
Plan for next year
Cant decide on a eyebrow pencil? if your a blonde get a pencil 2 shades darker than your hair..
Nadina Mackie Jackson was there last I knew. So, they're either looking for someone who can fill her shoes or be her equal.
The Celtics can suck my dick, the Sixers can DEFINITELY suck my dick, the Pacers can suck my dick, the Heat can suck my dick...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Drinks soon?
I think we will hit the 70 mark today. Got the razor and cram on standby so ill be shaving too.
Sup world
Check out my blog! I would love a guest blogger!
Perhaps that is why I prefer bookstores to libraries. Or maybe it's just because I've worked in too many libraries.
We are exhibiting at #SoCo2010 too. Stop by our booth to see and enter to win a $50 #giftcard! Have FUN! Hope 2 mt u!
#tarot 4lovers: The Empress (I). When you are fired with love and passion it shows, you ooze beauty and happiness, share it out!
hey, where are you? How are you? What's going on?
but nothing about bacon is good, so ugh
lol sorry my ipod won't tell me if you are :p
I'll definitely check it out! Thanks
#didyouknow fr #Komen dustup - reputation mgmt consultants? What happened to PR? Social Media happened. News cycle now in real time.
And his catching mitt is made out of dough! RT Doumit had 5 DPs in 236 PA last year. Again: that's 3 in his first 20 of 2012.
The Extraordinary You in 5 Days Workbook almost finished editing, I will need a new me after this, will keep you posted when available.
Oh man, you don't know what you just started. *Queues up Flood.
Listening to Metallica and putting family pictures on my walls. Feeling rather nostalgic. Adulthood/living on my own is hard sometimes! :/
“: Never make promises you can't keep. It destroys relationships and trust.”
welp i only got 7mins lft on this library pc lol so i will hollat at yaw wen i leave here lol twitter on my Iphone better anyway lol
#ATL Thanks for supporting The #Karaoke / #SpokenWord Open Mic show tonight ! See you next Thursday. Same time. Same place.
uh oh, it went ghost on ya?
Please follow me on Instagram! Hausofamanda
instructional screencasts provide educational, cognitive and affective value for students - if presented "just in time"
Also, it looks like the show is really diverging from the book. Not sure how much I like this.
I'm really starting to think its impossible to feel beautiful anymore.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 46F FAIR
Yes, what and said! We're missing out, but glad you're there to represent us absentee museum nerds.
Word to dudes getting tattoos of psychedelic pizza slices on a Sunday.
I love this place!
How Youu mean . Drake voice ..**
When my sister was little, while passing by eucalyptus trees on a road trip. She said: "Mommy, smells like dishwashing soap!" :-)
Hi Sarah! I love your show; glad you stand up strong next to Samy and Kane! She just needs to cover up the hip bone! lol
Maybe next year. If you pass through NYC anytime let me know.
Heyy!(: guess what(:
1st contest: I will give a stadium baseball of your choice to the 100th person to sign up on our new facebook page: 'unforgettaballs'
TGIF !The heat is still on but today is Mambocafe Dallas Back 2 School Party!!so ladies wear your sexiest mini skirt and win great prices .
hmm ya for some reason it wouldnt let me move Fister out of the dl spot after i dumped someone to make room? Im confused
#blameniall when all the foods gone
So excited to head to the #Gold Coast tomorrow...long way for a run, but totally worth it for a beach view and some raw vegan food!
RE:That ice cream: Big Bill has always been happy to provide his supporters with things that fell off the back of the truck!
Good morning #txla12! Plenty of time to make a last stop to the exhibit hall - don't forget to thank our sponsors for their support!
Come learn about being an intern at the VAC at the Fine Arts Student Center!
ya know something?.... You suck. And you're missing out on the 2k tourney tonight
the "went aren't I happy when I'm talon to you" that lol that's really corny :D
That wasn't even close to fan interference. It only interference if the fan reaches over the wall to go for the ball.
-of me with him and it is the same as on fb
Tuned into Assessment for Instruction webinar.
we can have out our ipods
You can manage multiple sites under one master account. Each site has its own billing, emails, plans, customization, etc.
Boost Incognito now available in Denver! $179.99 Touch Screen, Full Qwerty Keyboard. Limited Quantities!
I would totally watch a reality show with and
Lots of funny and cute museum-related stuff on my twitter stream right now!
Remember when just talked out of his ass? ... Ah simpler times.
God hasn't forgotten about you...
#stm2012 more than 7,500 OA publications now available does this include hybrid titles?
How did #Twilight just end up in this montage?
Has anyone learned to play golf at a desk?
Saw a life from walking across the street to dead...my gawd
S/O to my new followers! Time to clock in!!!!
thanks! i really liked the look of them.
no they are metallic jeggings lol..they are in right now lol
Harold Battiste will be our October author night guest! Details as they become available....
I know! I love it though. I love the one of Walken and Pacino
Is that true? I didn't know it was so short. Regardless it was a hell of a fight and you were on your way to the W! Keep it up!
followed sweetie
“Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.” -Ray Kroc-
after I typed that last message I thought the same.
Well that was an interesting dream.
Week 2 of languages at SCE..hope we don't get snowed out..
Thanksgiving is for many things: turkey, parties, pie ... and introducing one's parent to The Vampire Diaries. LOL
Thank you for helping us spread the word.
yeah I really should be! :) I would be down to chill sometime yo.
Here's to loyal optimism for the Longhorns today: Horns up!
I'm hungry for some #HungerGames ;D
have fun! take pics and Happy One Year! may there be many more. You put new fire in the belly of the Priest. \m/ L.
the new video is officially up on our web site right now :-)
Stayed up all night working
I crack myself up out chea baking outside tho!
I'm going to be in politics...with my pants pulled down -nick cannon
The Fray and Kelly Clarkson will perform at Farm Bureau Live at VB on 9/11 - tix on sale 4/20 at 10am
u know I am tho
Haha now he's saying he's gonna hack my twitter acct and change my avatar lmao
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh.
It's study time, children!
I would certainly like it!
Honored to be part of the Stravinsky Project. Two more shows this week, come and see!
You need to sell a book of your tweets. They are like hiaku.
America runs on Dunkin. I think I just figured out why our country is broken down on the side of the road.
OH MY! Doesn't seem very patriotic...or does it?
My studies in ancient animation have led to discoveries of encoded and hidden images in the art of seven different ancient cultures.
Steve Blake , where's Kobe?
Getting to the airport 45 mins before my flight and security took me 5 mins at most.
LOVE the only surviving street OF Little Italy--Mulberry Street is NYC's hottest restaurant row right now--Il Palazzo is myFAVE
Wants to run through the streets screaming #thelockouthasended The Lockout Has Ended!!
First 3 people to give us a video testimony about HCG diet success win $60 GC to our store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
thank you again for sharing our story.
That's what I'm working on.... Gettin that bank shot high off the top of the glass !:):)
AND I JUST TO WISH EVERYONE A HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND I REALLY WANT TO WISH U IT TOO MMANUEL TOO BAD WE DIDNT GET TO KICK IT HIT ME UP
Thanks much he better
who knew abdc would make me cry..
MilwaukeeCarol -- Get Back to Work !! ;--)
Loving my days off with my baby
Thank you, thank you. I figured I might as well try to get it.
Thanks! Also - great list of
If you still flip off the camera in your pictures....please go away.
and a government backed scam at that.
MISSED YOU!!!!! hahahhahahaha took a long vacation from tweeetterrr.
Listening to #edulive; interesting points and data from the Pew Research Center
is a follow to much to ask? xx 6
it's going to be saaaweeet!
American financial institutions cripple economies all over the world with malicious banking practices, all with govt support.
RT : just posted a new project on in northern california/shoot is 1/5 or 1/6 check it out.
The guitarist for Accept is wearing an Accept t-shirt.
We want to give each participant the personal attention they deserve, so space is limited. Don’t delay, take 5 minutes to register NOW..
not going to school.
Read also by Jarrell: "Death of the Ball Turret Gunner."
U have 10 fish, 5 drown, 3 come back to life. How many fish do you have? Stop counting smart one. Fish cant Drown.
Amen! RT : 'The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.' ~ Deepak Chopra
": You never know who your real friends are until you really need something, and then you see who shows up."
We now have video's on our app!! Giving a whole new meaning to "virtual tours"!!
Paul Allen outlined his commitment to the Blazers in his public letter earlier this week. I think he's very emotionally attached 2 the team.
Hoping to mobilize the fam and head to DIA Beacon on this sunny Sunday.
#Team2Tone #Pink&Purple who knows what's up?!!
no problem haha. ((:
Admittedly I was too. You'll love the entire series. Every season takes on two separate plots. The second season was one of my favs
Sorry been in Spain my grandmother was in the hospital
come get coffee! it's #doublestampday at #lookoutjoe :)
I'm getting tired...
Lmao RT : Jsieirisw RT Corey Brewer look like he got an excuse every time he's supposed to pick up his kids.
wookin pa nub RT : its got to be somewhere around here RT Do you know where the Valentine's day section is
congratulations Mrs. Yarbrough. She introduced me to Spelman '85. Thank you!
I feel like a complete idiot.
hm I'll keep my eye out.
you already know
A diamond bit is a girls best friend.
sadly, I wont be :/ but you can bet I'll be buying a copy when it comes out on dvd!
Ok. Can we just cut the crap? There doesn't ever need to be another James Bond song. Just keep using Chris Cornell's "You Know My Name."
how bless u and happy birthday to u lil cuz how old r u
I'm a big fan! Elaine Thompson and I were talking about your work the other day. I definitely need to come see you.
she's right. I'd do the same if i was her..
just checked online - they're only selling the long one!
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation. and a follow back would be nice too(: <3 6
We interviewed a lawn guy a couple of weeks ago who admitted he pays his employees in weed. Only in Memphis.
NBA has 6 fouls because they play 8 more minutes. Both NBA and college allow one foul every 8 minutes.
Fake Balling Season Is In B Safe cause they can only ball once a year( Tax time)
Enjoy Easter Sunday. Life. Breath. Abundance. Redemption. Old things are passed away. All things NEW.
love you too. :D and i fixed the tweet!
Target commercial is awesome.
are you guys doing the startup week again this year :) ?
If you're going to meet Charlie Bewley tonight, please contact me with story and pix. I'll feature you in an article for my column.
Brrrr it's cold out there. Who is ready for a face melting performance by tonight?
why does every other girl get a follow back or reply but I get nothing?
Hope everyone has an exciting and fun Superbowl. And remember, no bb guns.
my brother needs to get a life... all he does is sit on the computer playing a video game. i got on for 5mins today, he kicked me off.. -_-
RT #NeverShouldYouEver take a good thing for granted . It only hurts you in the end .
You're just a stranger now. You get used to it after awhile. Don't you agree?
Its intermission at Miss Saigon and im sitting next to some rachet people.lol
At the law offices of Sirody, Freiman & Feldman, we are commited to providing you with the best, most experienced bankruptcy attorneys.
PROTECTIVE CELL PHONE CASE
u no wat would be REALLY cool???????????????? if u followed me back!! :D isnt that cool... yeah not gonna happen... :P
ILOVEYOU<3 PRETTY PLZ FOLLOW ME =) YOU WILL MAKE MY DAY WONDERFUL! =)
absolutely gorgeous. And once you've used the Kessler slider it's hard to do without.
whoops, meant to say 2 years! Still awesome!
Are you gonna kiss me or not?!
the wait for the next book is torture.
get better soon. I hate fevers as I'm normally 96.8
You must understand the history of the land and people before you open your big fat american mouths about the people of whom you know SQUAT!
Shes paying for my taxi
Today, CRJ kicked off Spirit Week! Oh yes, we've got serious spirit!
Rt! Thank u!
lol Nicholas is singing and I'm resting your father is reading game informer. You see any cool scenery?
Going home tomorrow. Spending all day with my niece and nephews.
I have never seen a guitar played so well before
1) it tastes so good 2) easy 3) no real fat. :-( Good baking requires butter, consistency, time, & accuracy.
Hit one of us up for a ticket to that show though!
Hey tweeps, been a great year. Couldn't have done it w/o ur support & fanhood. Let's keep it up!! cc:
fuck it... pandora is good enough for me. <3
RT - Can I be a hoe ass nigga for a minute? Okay before yesterday I thought Troy Davis was a defensive back for the Mia...
Getting ready for COMPOST class with Wipe Out Waste! Blog and photos to follow!
I'd just like to take this time to thank Obama for killing NASA and maned space exploration. For what? Goverment health care?
"This information is in contradiction of all the other indicators that we have," DWD Secretary Newson, on BLS report of April job loss.
I love all my tattoos..
I dont know just yet...... you get my txt about it??
I forgot how much my cubicle plant Filbert has missed me. You will pull through Filbert!
I do, great show, would have loved to be on it.
- looks like it's already switching over in Hoffman Estates!
RT : Feb. is #Pet Dental Health Month. This vid explains the importance of pet dental health & how you can maintain it....
Call for submissions coming soon. Get a jump on it.
Nothing is so perfectly amusing as a total change of ideas. Laurence Sterne
I forgot my quesadia maker!
Does anyone know how to turn off my "location".... It's kind of creeping me out...
Thanks so much for the support! :)
Tonight is Ladies night!! $3 wines and $5 Three Olives vodka. Don't forget to try our new food items..
Lakeside School of Massage Therapy students will be at the market 9/25 & 10/2 from 10am - 2pm offering free massage.
First the Lord made man in the Garden of Eden.Then he said to himself, "There's something he's needing'
music is in my blood. i couldnt stop if i wanted to
AHH OMG WE NEED TO HANG.
Good Luck
im sorry
Toothpaste makes me thirsty
The University of Delaware Recruitment Fair is in full swing!
Will be at the Blue Nile tonite for 1yr anniversary party...MSP needs better transit so I don't have to fork over for a taxi
I just gave candy to a trick or treater who was older than I am...
D: I think ben should shut the fuck up and stop talking shit ABOUT MY HERO! B: Hagrid? is that why u look like u do i get it D: ok hermine
Thanks! pnutfreeworld! Hope you & your Freeling crew have a fabulous Halloween!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou If it wasnt b/c of u doin me wrong.We wuld still b together but i wana thank u.u taught how to not fall Easily In Love
clearly I need to change professions.
I see your number 6 in the queue or should I say #4306? See you soon!
Not quite ready for the surgery, but intrigued? Just ask one of our professionals about any of our services that interest you. We offer a wi
naa, Ima come to your hood soon(: #Chris day
So impressed with all involved in today's dress rehearsal of Boojum!
Why da crap do Nicholas Cage hav 2 die @ da end of Season of da Which!?
Jeff Plant Duo will make your Friday complete! The show starts at 7pm tonight!
#TRUTH! RT : be yourself if it don't work fuck them
This is the #FinalCountdown. We know you can do it.
At the very least, I think I can get into Disneyland...
How is it possible that I got to that before or ?
you too!! Thank you so much for coming!!
Give NBA teams 4-5 shots per possession and they are likely to score.
Digital touch points shape the way we feel about a brand
Sitting in a liquor store today on a distributor drive along.
m Giordano's pizza is the best!!!
lolz calm down now. Like Kowalski always says. I guess he left before I could say what happened hehe. Will you let him know? <=}
-___________- .. I'm forreal .. n why mr sweat wRight u up ? As much shit I talk to him lmao he never right me up ...
Under 12 hours to #DCtheatre's biggest cast, crew, and audience party all year, joined by special guest !
Thanks bud RT : Good luck to and- hope you all get it done vs. UMD and win in Tampa.
- you need Harry or Spence ASAP!!
@ our first tweet-up <Now Ur Mobile!!!>
Life Is Definitely What You Make of it.... Trust Me, I Know This, I'm Living Proof!
How was powerhouse? I want to see pictures so I can tease you girls
my bday passed got a cute guitar!!!feb,22
i dislike you right now. Why not!?! :(
YO MOUTH SAYING.U N A RELATIONSHIP BUT YO BODY SAYING U SINGLE
I heard a rumor we are chasing Tito but its probably just chatter.
2nd Team All NBA - Westbrook, Rajon Rondo, Carmelo, Blake Griffin, Tyson Chandler
I would love to cum there.....
what r yall watching
I think some people really DO wake up and say or think or believe -- "It's over." and that's okay. It's good to know what you DON'T want.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
Hey there - thanks for the follow! We're all about having fun too! Enjoy your day & Drink more coffee! ;-)
And Councilmember Tommy Wells just walked in to our event !
- let us know how the mtg goes. Inquiring minds in Milwaukee want to know!
"Does my shadow make my ass look big?" LMAO! J/K, Maddy! You're beautiful! ;)
Lucky Guy!
Loving it out here in Chicago
FORGET ABOUT YA BOYFRIEND AND MEET ME AT THE HOTEL ROOM
WHEN IS QUAD PARTY
Hey, only 35 pitches through three innings. Wait what? 35 balls?
Now now, the Internet is here to help you and be your friend. Trust us.
I think I last wore a bow tie in the summer of 1993 while working as a Bellman at the Ausable Club.
Might pull an all nighter with 'work'. Any chance for food delivery? ;) x
What a way to start the week: is visiting with 2nd and 4th graders today!
packed > pending. You guys know me too well. Thanks!
Attn: LasVegas! SATAY Thai on Paradise, 50% off for INDUSTRY -ALL December. Just show your Biz or ID card. Food only, cannot combine offer
i only followed you because I married a Dalrymple LOL...
Two #1 picks born today: LeBron and Kenyon Martin. Even though KM started 3 yrs earlier, he's only played 24 more gms than LBJ.
your "taken" right.
Keith, welcome to #CreativeGood. Let us know if you have ??? Love the Awesome Foundation idea. cc
has Sarah Jessica been taken yet?
Come check us out on Facebook!!!!!!
"Winner: Best Short Film" Directed By: Peter Meech "Cockpit: The Rule of Engagement" * Directed by: Jesse Griffith
A table is a very necessary part of a #workwednesday. Time to find a big ol' table for today!
How does it feel to be a Green Bay Packer?
Haven't played a game of football like that in forever
Naw not really!
Cool Positive Force benefit show at St. Stephens
in some art the number of different acts taken by the artist adds up to an experience of sensation rich and vast and in other work up to nil
you should probably accept my request so we can tweet with and
Goodnight from Orlando
and i were just talking about you are russ. you guys gonna be able to roll at all this summer?
"Detroit Wild City" film at Architecture Film Fest makes it seem as though Detroit is an empty city. A poetic exaggeration.
Working on my first film, would love to meet you someday, you are one beautiful woman, hope you live forever!!! Lee
that's what Lizz tells Christian because he's a puppy and doesn't know better
nice to see you here Eric. I'm now semi-lame and not here often either! Maddie says to tell you hi
I'm so happy
her ears peirced!!
Well deserved! Marvin R. Shanken Inducted into James Beard Foundation Spectator: https//www.winespectator.show/id/46770
Smh anti-social.
nice, nice.
It's our 3 month today! Just waiting for the ring on my finger
OMG amazing convo w - turns out they're Bills fans too! We talked about Jim Kelly, Mario Williams & the MSP Bills Backers.
I would but I think you're perfect and you doing everything just right(:
we're always open to applications. Stop in and fill one out, we're working on summer planning right now.
Not there for me during my struggle?...don't expect to hear from me once I make it...
Haha I used to go there when I was little, ugh I'm so desperate to find a job, if you here about anything let me know! Lol
yea.. lol its really good tho.
Glad you put this out. Interested in Alshon too.
“: #Leo's are fighters for lovers.”
Hey Man, is my driving ok? I think we're parked, Man.
and it shows. Lol.
hungry..hhmmm..any suggestions fa healthy food?..GOOD healthy food lol..plz keep in mind i hate healthy food lol..wish me luck lol
A long day of hard work relaxes me all I need now is a Miss to hold a nigga
Eco-friendly coworking space / incubator for new social enterprises and nonprofits in Georgetown with discounts for students
hell yeaaahhh! i know its bee a long time since i had a party over at my place! im excited!!! we're making jello shots and more
You gotta constantly re-invent yourself, stay fresh, create, and be innovative. ORIGINAL
Is that a song about Paris Hilton?
Jake's Back in!! RT : Yates is staying out. He's back on the sidelines. Jake Delhomme will handle the job at QB for Texans.
oral assesment in french. LET'S GO.
So much fun hanging out with childhood & new friends, but it's time for AUS --> SFO via LAX
I'll be there.
Ut-oh. Can we help with anything?
EVERYBODY FOLLOW ME!!!!! CUZ I WANT JUSTIN BIEBER TO FOLLOW ME!! SO HURRY UP
Well I just slept 6 hours and haven't written a rough draft for VU.. bad time to be sick. No school tomorrow, I think.
Having serious conversations through text while sitting on the toilet. Naked.
ha! Hadn't heard of it till just now.
Terrible Twos tonight! Man they are AWESOME!
He just made me smile. (:
Just back from Mexico City, and what a wonderful, fascinating city -- I recommend a visit to a great town with an undeserved rep!
Eli and I are going to be making Baby Jesus a banana cake for His birthday.
What the People want, the people get!
Hey nice video! You know you can add text to the screen via youtube editor. Good for putting up phone numbers and web addresses.
#Tents are an expensive temporary solution. There's a choice of prefab shelters from all over the world. Why the push for tents?
why not?
let's go do some yoga again.
haha I like working out.
Waiting for Slick Rick to hit the stage. They are having a dance off on the stage on the meantime. Priceless.
any chicago based drupal designer/devs looking for a small project?
Why seven. exactly?
what new Marti Perkins I have a uncle who a Lawyer
Being banned stinks!! :( Good night moon. xoxoxo
hahaha yeah... :p
let me stalk you omg
Library Journal #love! Thank you for being there for librarians.
Wouldn't safety include smaller class sizes and more school personnel. Let's stop talking the talk and walk the walk, shall we.
nice, working on my first got some catching up to do
Hello Rudy. Thanks for following us and enjoy our selection of videos. Regards, YouTubeMustSee.
shame on her
Waiting for some gloves to drop between the #Clippers and the
hunny be real (:
6 Grammy Nominations including Album of the year ! Foo Fighters
follow ! you'd love them! :)
More friends more support dats wat I want so message me if u wanna make dat happn n if u cool ill message u bak ;))
congratulations buddy may God help you on your journey to win super bowls for the #pats #rings RT?!?!
Honesty only ever get's me in trouble. :/
Idea for a game: a GTA-style sandbox game in the age of the dinosaurs, where you play as a T-Rex.
That's the Metzger luck. The Metzger luck.
Awards assembly... Im freaking out... Wonder what my award is..
I know ^_^
Don't be afraid to pitch your wildest idea.
A, in Ancien Regime France, eating good foods and vegetables from your garden was more a sign of education and urbanity.
Group hug and some dap! Lol
Aye bruh...what's the chances of me getting a probono verse from you from a fellow Carolinian artist?
Keep an eye out for the announcement of our Spring 2012 Workshops.
Sometimes autocorrect is the funniest part of my day.
You're finally packing!! :) lol
and I passed a big bunch at Houston/bway with their police friends
Good morning everyone have a nice day......<3
I love block party weekends on it's going to be a great weekend
Yeah baby!! The first day of #Browns training camp open to the public will be Sunday, July 31!!
Who's that giirrrl? Come see the Hottest Women in Comedy tonight , with and !
he suffered a lot but he had a positive outlook and was stronger then any adult I ever knew
so sorry just seeing this message. Hope things are well with you
- Cool! It's gonna be great!
glad you like it. I luv Seattle.
I hate when my weekend doesn`t go as planned :/
hey tweet for school
I bought these passes and I cannot get anyone to tell me how to cash them in for tickets. This sucks!
late for hell, might as well take my time
good. I know! We played phone tag like it was what's hot! Next time though for sure.. You good?
whenever i hear carole king i think about third grade and some play we had to sing in music class. i think it had to do w cats and spaghetti
let's do IT
Thank you to all of my followers for spreading the word on this #FF. #GoPackGo! Is it football season yet!?
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do!~T. Harv Eker
Mom has Job interview :) The Chef is working her way up !!! ^.^
Hm. Feet that make their own gravy.
Made the discovery that there was not just one large bone in the hand, rather many small bones
Johnny depp and Tom hanks and Harrison ford are actors who don't need to take on already popular projects.
Council members will meet with CMSD's Eric Gordon tomorrow from 9-12 (at CMSD) for more discussion on Mayor Jackson's new schools plan.
Wish my ear would stop acting up.
about to have our much awaited spiritual discussion night with the Arabic speaking Muslims in our apartment complex! pray for God to move!!
I am SO happy you shared that. Another Flack twitter gem
thanks John. Hope you had a great Easter and that all is well
For those of you in Cali that can't make it to Vegas, check out Toyota Speedway Irwindale on Saturday night...fan appreciation night.
I really need a hug right now!!
Law n order #SVU marathon bby
"Pimp Chronicles" is actually the scheduled name for President Obama's post-presidential memoirs...
Rocking tonight.
Didn't realize how hard it was to get a job in LA. Really wish I could get unemployment.
4 hours outdoors, ready to crash on the couch
playin video games with the boy
-__- I got yelled at during Civil War today . LOL
The self is not something that one finds it is somthing that one creates.
it would be hard to say... I'd have to know more info... I know these situations.
that's crazy I thought was gay! Anyhoo sounds like will be on the move again!
Thanks we called apple and we are getting a new one !
Im living for as tristan on #degrassi. Its abt time this show got a proper queen.
Where did you find that information?
My henchmen, they linch men.
Just Touch Down In Oklahoma
how about "green" piggie?
Every time I talk to you, I feel different...
Just finished finished first round of revisions on a new script. Doing the happy dance and celebrating with homemade ice cream.
I'm going with family I'll be back in a few years once I'm out of school though just to go out and hopefully go to tomorrowland!
After #rhymecal NYC at the Bowery the #WheelOfSkillz has accrued 161 official games spins & counting. Lining things up for Dec as we speak
Right back at you !! Thank-You for the follow !!! :)
ugh. People are just dumb.
np - stevie wonder's songs.
but let me write because I'll go crazy if I don't...
that's okay..now that you know, we'll have some fun stuff ahead, I am sure. :-)
oh cool, btw I'm 18! Seriously this is the life.
Watching Black Devil Doll...
When people talk to you like you actually care :(.
thanks, Hannah! Enjoy your afternoon!
Specer Hawes with the all-time shortest presser ever.
"The hour of the wolf is the hour between night and dawn during which the wolf is said to lurk outside people's doors (Between 3 and 5 AM)"
crap. forgot about waiver order, somehow. Even if he had the chance, he'd mess it up.
#ICantStandPeople Who Put Others Down Just Because...
Am I the only person who has nightmares where all my teeth fall out?
equals rights means equal rights. Hope NC joins the 21st century
R.I P to My Brother My Friend, My Dude for 17 Years Kevin Weekes. We'll never fully know the legacy that you left. You'll be missed
my mom got me wayy closer to the stage for the concert(:
let us treat u 4 a change as reading your blog, was as if I had written it, I know how it is when u run around for everyone else
Dear snow, go fuck yourself.
#np one little indian (Jay Dee Remix)
Graduating from SWC in May? Don't forget to order your cap, gown and tassel at GradFest, 9:30am-6:30pm Tuesday-Thursday at the Bookstore.
Help us reach our goal of 200 #Twitter followers! We're almost there!
The dance turned out to be better than expected! Had the greatest time w| everyone...I'm going to miss all of you guys. <3
o i got some pink fuzzy ones to ! lol
I learned about that. I learned about strategic voting in a parliamentary system. And major media discounting strategic voting.
www.facebook.com/wetultralounge then hit the LIKE BUTTON
Holy nuts it is a monsoon outside. Wowzers.
Happy 7th #Birthday, !
it's always a nightmare!
I seriously LOVE , (even if V-Nasty has her crazy moments) & !! <3 xoxo
I like yo prediction i'm team Texas, however I the fight N Paul RT : I'm picking #SAS in 6games over
Lets Learn from yesterday, Live for today, Hope for tomorrow.
unnecessary I think!
so 106&Park is still trending? No one curr!!
Never again, I've watched you change with time. Your heart is filled with cold, your mouth is full of lies.
Up Wit Bay Fina Roll Up A Doobie Then Iff To Bed!
Is there something wrong with me?
Knowing you have to study but the feeling of not wanting to kicks in
Twitter account is up! There'll be times when we drop some knowledge; there'll be times when we ask for it. Stay tuned for updates...
I'm thinking Dani is going to win #HOH, I remember how long she lasted in the finals....in the cold and rain
Every single contestant did awesome on !! Awesome performance
"SSH is like the matrix." -
Lord Ganesh Sandalwood Carving 40% Off Today Only
you bet! sundresses! :) And Palmetto would be more private so we should just try there I guess!
Woohoo Trolley Stop. Its fun as usual. We are pumping like its standard house music between sets.
Something to think about over a glass of wine RT : "Success and rest don’t sleep together." - Russian proverb
WOW! IT'S FOR ME??! This is great! I love it :D Thanks so much! This is great! <3
Wish we could have two versions of every book. e-version AND actual book.
oh, and I broke down and ordered the travel stick you recommended yesterday :)
That bitch got pink eye RT She so cool she give head wit her shades on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E>
yes sir, bout to be back in the ATL with Gibson, gonna finish the album up
People need to shut day hot breath self up
Thanks again for the epic night of UFC action. I just wish 3 of the 4 matches weren't 10 second TKO's.
This reddish orange color isn't for me tho..
next time pack your piggy ! Silly goof! Piggy loves the boys too!
Difference between Mitt Romney and Ron Paul supporters: Romney- Anybody but Barack Obama. Paul- Nobody but Ron Paul.
Intel says 75+ Ultrabook designs will be available, they'll include multitouch and Siri like capabilities with Nuance partnership
Wats Good Baby &
ebelfastmum Type the PTA mins after the meths? Look, surely your folks have an actual drinks cabinet to raid? Or go to the cinema?? x
LMAO Freese is bleeding!!!!!!! That's what happens when you try running into Geo ;)
Check out To Satellites great band from South FLA ! Support your local scene and support indie clothing lines! Stay Tuned! -The TV.
good afternoon
Just stop going SO SLOW!!!
Hot enough to bust out the summertime recipes - potato salad for dinner!
Hope you're enjoying Norman! If you'd like a fun dinner place, The Mont is a great place to go! Get a swirl, it's delicious!
Lakers are pissing me off right now
yah, kinda hoping for people followers lol!!!
If u knew what I knew bout Sakio Japan...u'd pass it on every mall extravaganza...
No sex only checks
I'm more concerned about out team names than our lineups
got to sleep it. felt great(:
Submit your great #edtech lesson plan or assignment to for a chance to win a copy of CS5 (via & )
Hung himself in an abandoned barn. Six weeks before, his friend David Dilling hung himself from a tree behind a church. THEN one of David's
And now, to write my dissertation! LABOR PRODUCTIVITY.
welcome to the twitterverse & are good people!
Best wishes and warm thoughts...smart boy like you must be all full of good ideas, she be lucky to have you !
oh seriously that means so much <U+263A>
I wana go on a date tonight
wishes you all a Happy New Year!
On my way to get things set up at Walgreens for !
Forcing myself to do TDD this week. Results in more and better unit tests for sure but also carpal tunnel.
": Easy bet" assuming shows
Inspector Gadget is on #hulu - the 2d animated version from 1984!
Omg help me my son is driving the car
What it do FB Tweet peeps it's on and crackin in the hood today!!
Are there neighborhoods or topics you'd like us to do more on?
god i miss simon cowell
Watching the bachelorette in sociology.
I know right, how cool is that donkey. So glad you liked it.
Promises are overrated. Don't promise me your going to do something just do it.
Cant go wrong with will be there tonight. They always put on a good show.
Latest Fantasy Baseball Injury News: Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
I believe in music therapy.
Celebrate Elizabeth Bishop, NYS Writers Hall of Fame member, Centenary Event Thurs, 7/14, :30 PM Monument @ Madison Sq Pk .
I'm hooked on Google Maps now.
Can I please have Timofey Mozgov's sick blue shoes please!
what's good my dude?
Fuck you and your little walmart crew! GTFO faggot! RT : Looks fantastic, see that profile
Find the Future looks awesome! Such a huge endeavor with great results. Well done.
I swear (when it rains, it pours) I can't wait till I'm in Houston on saturday
I just realized the last dance the boyz dance to on season6 was pitbull, and so was the song they came back to was!
I only went 1 out of 5 days last week. I must go.
Relaxing while Leah is sleeping, and waiting for my bebeh to get off work. Miss him when he's gone. =/
December/Holiday product special: Buy 1 Redken product and get the second 50% off through the month of december. Happy Holidays!
why do i even try going to sleep early -_-
“: Much LOVE to the most AWESOME !!! thinks you ROCK...We'd be lost w/o you!!! XOXOXO” agreed!!
united airlines sucks. (It sounded more clever in my head.)
Yes, MKE beauty. We need the flowers. Crab apple trees in Tosa are beautiful right now, too.
Marty Turcos face must look like Mike Milbury to Sid right now.
The key to success is staying Hungry.
ohh i will unfollow you, in that account ;)
Skiing. 2nd day of yr. Wet.
FWIW, I don't believe Tomas Vokoun will head to the KHL. He will be in either Tampa or Toronto next season.
Today's Highlight in History: On May 15, 1972, Alabama Gov. George C. Wallace was shot and left paralyzed by Arthur H. Bremer while
Thanks for the #FF love, y'all :)
That definitely sealed the deal hahahahahah
Today is Sunday... So thankful for all of the current blessings in my life. This is going to be a really great year!
who the Fuck are you? Stopping stalking me Get a life...
Excellent question!
his arms ?
RT : looks like the final course: Apple Strudel ($ 7.95) served with Vanilla Ice Cream & a Caramel Sauce made in house
Hi Rob! I will look for and scan/send you the article tomorrow when I am in the office.
Coffee, Fry's, Breakfast
I love dance.....but im kinda over the whole ABDC show...sorry
I feel like such a stalker for knowing this.....
is wondering how many of you genealogists out there are planning a research trip or a roots vacation in the next year?
What's the trajectory of resolution and frame rate in the age of pixels?
Like losing this feeling
Ridin round in that lac w/ the seat leaned back AK on my side in case a n*ggas wanna jack... tell em!!!
Headding to niki's... love ..Dad..
King of Queens
The Dictator was funny!
We love this GE commercial where the cancer patients thank the people who create the products that help them live. It's so real.
HOUSE OF BLUES - ORLANDO - AUG 15 - IRRATIONAL - come see my band and leave some blood on the dance floor.
night off from work. should be a fun one.
you were so fantastic on Thursday.
wasup i like your video
thai crab so delish, makes for a very merry holiday.
Social for Customer Service: it&#39;s About the Customers | thinkJar
EEk. That's unfortunate.
imperfection is individuality.
Back up to where I was -- tournament pace about to pick up going to 200/400 with 50 ante.
OMG OK...just got through the "room" and she signed the papers!! And he ya know *wink* with her lol
I can if you want, and is the livestream going on?
She was researching NJ & we threw in a little Jersey Shore for flare! :o)
Hey Rich! We too followed you back. Thanks for the follow.
Follow the Homecoming Committee at
hahahah did he say anything?
that's a good joke!
#313 showing some love for Detroit on this date!
When I was a kid I though I was the only person's feet who fell asleep and I would get so scared they would fall off
Came to church after a whole year
Immediately homeless: people would eat your house.
y u think that
So impressed with and - they just finished their 26 day camp out in Balboa Park!
cant wait for #BELIEVE!!! IM GETTING IT IN NOVEMBER THE DAY IT COMES OUT!! love u Justin!
Mi.Keys Milwaukee goes country tonight !!! Shows starts @ 10 !!! Bang Bang !!
RT : “No man is an archipelago!” ~Black Stache RT this WHOLE message 4 a chance to win 2 TIX!
Use Gourme Mist instead of Balsamic Vinaigrette and save 75 calories.
Am I the only one who watched Dino-Riders as a kid?
First part of being lazy during the summer is complete... now I need to go do shit lol
Sitting on the lanai, drinking longboard, and eating poke. Could get used to this of I'm not careful!
So can someone please explain who got arrested last night?
Come meet us tomorrow at in Olney! We will be there from 12-3pm! Bring your dog(s) for samples..see you there!
really enjoyed the new season premiere. Looking forward to the rest :)
Dude on the corner said "dreaming of a burger" lmao, that was a good idea
I love these T-shirts! Seriously great job I will wear your pins and t’s forever.
“Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.” Emerson You know who you are!
it is! Gorgeous views :)
Unfortunately, we can't simultaneously record/stream presentations in 3 rooms at once. Follow #mims12 for updates, though!
Such a killer weekend ahead. Starting it off with girls' night dinner w and !
My door key just broke in two. Half in my hand, half in the unlocked door. Cosmic thumbs-up on agoraphobia? Or…
Hey David, thanks for the follow. And I've appreciated the links as well! Looking forward to connecting some more.
you will have to have a dance off. will maybe find time in our schedules to judge. , you just got SERVED!
U say ur gay but yet u date a girl tht looks like a BOY !? wtf is the point in tht ??? Y not jus date a fukn BOY !
I know my car is better then yours ^_^
I gotta stop tweeting my tweeps for just a sec to say R.I.Paradise to Donna Summers dang!! man
RT : Does FB #SherylSandberg have secret to family life, too? I debate with
Hearing is now the AD at is great news for the school. He was my prof at Great guy. Pilots got a good 1.
Congratulations! RT : just got a scholarship to ! the week is finally turning up
Water rescue boats just flew by me at Dayton and park. Any word on where they're headed?
Tweet It Juiceman
Whoa, how 'bout all those auto-tweets! ...guess I went on a badge-unlocking spree with this weekend. Good times!
thank you #WorthHiggins for the great #donation. We received housewares for #homeless families that are moving off the streets
Thanks for the follow nice website.
What the what!? A comedy short I directed will be in the Cannes Short Film Corner!
#Idontthinklikemostfemales and I def don't want to be like most females either to busy trying to be me follow me y'all
pitch & hold 1/2 the finish line for the sausage race at Miller Park on Aug 17! :-)
The first to follow I will follow u and others
you are THE cutest thing ever<3 my highlight was u randomly dancing to "glad you came" xD love u cher bear
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
I loved your free style song tonight. That was so cute!! Always a great time. You never know what to expect with you, lol.
I just went to Scotts to buy your cookie dough. Your welcome.
Didn't get it:( " I replies to u the other day. Did u get it?
follow please? ill give u a shoutout
jealous would be an understatement.
No likes you Charli...people just deal with you
Yay!!!! Let me know if you get a response :)
RT : Tagging content should happen when you migrate, the way you would when moving your home, labeling boxes.
A lot of work still left to do but I wanted to hang out with my BFF Richard at Starbucks
RT Thanks for the RTs! Lucky to have great librarians like you across the country.
fare aint the one playing #mw3 one of the people he's recording is playing
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
One more TD and #Rodgers sets the all time #Packer record for passing TD's in a season. He is tied with #Favre (1996) right now with 39td's
Thanks for RTs!
hello there =)
#HappyMothersDay to all moms out there!
When you wish for something, be a little more specific.
are u on the way to event in NYC?
RT : Thank you for the munchkins at #smss this morning! What a way to start a presentation!
Thinking of starting my own business...sba.gov makes me nervous anyone whose already done it want to give me some advice/tips
same with my phone :( but i try to use it when my bros on the computer.
What are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare line.
that's how I feel about my car at tthe moment haha
I have emerged from the depths of hell. Everyone remember to wash your hands and take your AirBorn
The Black Eyed Peas went through a transporter and came out fused together as LMFAO.
Hey Everybody, if your looking for Fantastic Graphic Design Work for a Great Price contact
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." -- Robert F. Kennedy
that would require a basic level of emotion
Im always ready! Oyyyy!
nothn so far
handles haters so well. Learn from her. <3
lol. goodnight david.
oh, I got you! Haha
Yes, of course. I can bring it to you later if you like. No worries.
Good eye, man!
Pacific Hills Brandon Taylor scores 34 points BIG Time Sleeper 2012 PG
Collaborating with Rodger Annunson with Mindramp: Your Brain on Art.
No matter the purpose or occasion, we’ll help you create and preserve memories to last a lifetime.
when? Need em before Weds!
old Marina or new Marina?
you working out in you avi?
Cool sub tweet bro :) RT : quietly submitting my nominees for Billboard. but, if you know me, you know where the endorsements are.
why is he really sick?
Abdulaye Wade was too old anyway. The 50-year-old Sow who takes over is 35 years younger than Wade. He was Wade's campaign manager.
"It is during the day that we age the most. UV rays and pollution are the main enemies for youthful skin. - Jacques Courtin-Clarins.
walking to the bus stop to get the boys.
That was me!
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 2~~ 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching. 4.Listen to music. 5.Read a poem.
Best of luck to Dan Beebe, the shining star of Walla Walla Community College.
Just had so many phone calls, I am pretty sure my ear is sweating.
Yea I Did See That. I Thought That Was You.
A special thank you to and all who joined us for the wine tasting event yesterday, what a great time!
1st lesson learned using Jing on tablet: use external mic, not built-in where I can hear every pen scratch
WHY DROP A MIXTAPE WHEN YOU CAN DROP A ALBUM
"See I been waiting all day, for you to call me baby. So let's get up, let's get on it. Don't ya leave me brokenhearted tonight." <3
Charming starter home w/ wonderful character & great backyard. Near westside of #MadisonWi #OpenHouse Feb 26 1-3pm w/
-Of course doll! Happy to have you join #TrendsTues! xox
People think u made it when they hear u on the radio...
Cant wait to hear ur new songs
Its a forrbinden love im in. :/ #ilovehim. They need to just deal with it.
Had an amazing potato egg and cheese empanada from at today!
Thank u soo much!! :)
What's the deal with Melissa on #DanceMoms? She can't accept an engagement gift w/o her Atty's ok?
Reading #Nuggets #Lakers in-game tweets and the language Lakers fans use is embarrassing
Reminds us of ! "I want to do something creative, not just easy. " - Bach
ur a great dancer they just suck :)
Welp. I didn't win the lottery.
You need to change that. Like ASAP.
- LOL! Certainly a BAD job interview! LOLOL
I'm eating a vanilla milkshake. I am alive!
Hey Amy -Tea came today...you guys are the kings and queens of customer service! Thanks to all involved for the speedy delivery!...
“: Heard there was an important football game on right now.... Hum? #nflsunday ” Yep! Pulling for the 49ers.
Loved your post today, Mark! It really hit home with me.
We love shopping at Macys!
Have a traffic ticket. Come in to our offices located at 1391 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, FL 33323
damn nigga i wanted the pacers
MT: © on screen at #aas3rdcentury burns like the Eye of Sauron//That so many writers here agree is evidence of how broken © is
oh. it's almost midnight?
RT : BIG news everyone! We're very excited to tell you we're going to be distributing in Chicago beginning April 1st.
for the next 3 days, i'll be sitting for the bar and standing in faith
Shit just not the same I miss the 90's
EVERYBODY PLEASE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING & GO TO WWW.WORLDSTARHIPHOP.COM & CHECK OUT SPEC FROM PRETTY RICKY & TELL ME WHATS WRONG W/ THT VIDEO!
Don't know if u fallow ur fans but would appreciate if u fallowed me! I'm a new fan. Heard a few of ur songs now I'm hooked!
never attends school... < < <
Listening to an informative and engaging Datatel+Summit Executive Summit Keynote address "The Happiness Advantage: Linking Positive Brains …
Thanks for the follow! Love the music!
Damn, I didn't know you could break dance like that
I think geeks is a more appropriate term.
No i didn't and damm the new jordan 10's came out today.
So full.
RT : Lisa Damon w/Seyfarth Shaw have to step back & look at root causes instead of just fixing problems
Great night last night good day today can my week get any better?
Hey Ayla fans, any fun weekend plans?
Stratfor estimated that the sizes of crowds in Tahrir Square have been wildly exaggerated & are probably only 1/10 of what's been claimed.
#StephanieMarch Mpls-St.Paul Foodie: Mn has the most food coop's per capita in all the US! How cool is that!
"Better to have loved and lost then to never loved at all"...i guess.
1-10, what are C.J. Wilson's chances of winning the Cy Young award this season?
GSP and Aldo on the same fight card!!! Already excited!
After months of hemming & hawing I finally decided to report my previous employer to OSHA for their bevy of safety problems.
What it do?
No sled guess I'll use card bored.
Hi there YOU. #Gratitude to you for following me!
Free pancakes>>>studying
Niñal: LOL but not really - Sun.Star
Can I watch? LOL
And where do think she going?
#TheyNeedToBringBack Devil Sticks and Upside-down 7Up.
#4. Badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger MUSTACHE MUSTACHE badger badger badger badger badger
Carmel delights why must you be so delightful?
Who would you rather hang out with, Tim Tebow or Troy Tulowitzki
After a busy stretch of shows across the region over the past 2 months, we finally have a few weeks off to recharge.
PRIMARY IS JUNE 6TH. THANK YOU FOR THAT POST.
good morning, how are you?
The boy name is Emmanuel but he's going out with a girl I noe at skool!every boy I want and fall for is always taken why me!!:[<U+E401><U+E413><U+E411><U+E416>
Follow me, I follow EVERYBODY back!
I have cherry but I wan more!
shit happens but i still love my life!
Sometimes what strikes me about ideas is that it's not even about who has it first, but who has the capacity to implement it first.
Wat up Foxy
“: #nowplaying Big Pun ft - "Toe to Toe" We need pun back.”
Hella sucks when someone else's mistake effects you in a negative way and there's nothing you can do about it!
I think everybody in the Knicks starting lineup got at least 3 fouls, thats ridiculous man
follow back?(:
im in town with sum friends lookin for the party wassup!
This weekend
Left flyers on cars in the wild. 100''s yesterday morning. For more info, go to m14hoops.com
baaahhh almost over!!! i'm super impressed that i am still awake.
Shake that ass girl - Ke$ha :)
RT LinnyFbaby: F Mikeys n they cheap ass drinks with cheap vodka<damn all that Lin lol
This is. turning out to be a GREAT birthday(:
Hope Ya'll Are Having Fun :D
less than 1 year old. What brought on the boilerplate?
Justin wanted to be an surprise that's why she say so
Had a great SEO meeting!
We've missed you on here! I was going to email you earlier this week; how have you been?
how's your vacation? :)
Looks like another evening of bad officiating
Labeling boxes for the move: Books, Kitchen Stuff, CDs, All Sorts of Stuff-Open Soon, and Why Do I Still Have Magic the Gathering Cards?
Better be mad fa sum !
girl u too lame
THANX FA FOLLOWING GORGEOUS!
excited to see you tomorrow/Friday!
...honored to be a well-deserved reward <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
no wonder u wernt on Skype :x tx me on brens fone cuz he has mine ...
thanks hon. That means a lot to me. I'm gonna be back at MC this summer or fall. :)
Always have faith
ooh have fun!
fat ignorant black bitches.
working with the Heroku client lib - getting close to automated backups
It's okay. I forgive you!
Happy New Year, ! Can't wait to see how you Caucus on Tuesday. I love politics, admire yourself and my home state.
#oomf Gave Me Ah Birthday Present On my Neck :p
Yea glad to see you made it too Austi for
Awesome, thanks! I knew you'd be on it.
what time do u go ?
how's it going?
Moe's?!?! Be there or be square
No BET movies will be watched in my house
Hi Annabeth! Our dads taught together in UNI English Dept. Thought I'd say hi. Hope all is well, fellow Cedar Fallsian.
Anytime she finishes is good for her
thank you so much!(:
oh Lord, this doesn't look good for more than tonight
Chen Julie Chen is a very elegant woman. I love watching her show #the talk
cool it with the hash tags rookie
JJ did well vs AB in the post during the game Doc "gave away"MT : Sounds like Hawks are finally going to force Bradley on Johnson
Surkin at hard? ha haunted or summer though? summer right?
How ****ing long does it take cartilage to heal?...my ripped ear is still driving me crazy with discomfort and it has been three months now!
Life’s a climb but the view is great.
thanks, and happy weekend
I wish for small things
You still live in the #Bluegrass cuz?? Be missin me some #twizzle :'(
Hitting the streets.... Taste of Adams Ave.!
Is listening to Sergei Rachmaninov Piano Concertos Nos.2&4 as played by the London Symphony Orchestra while reviewing documents this morning
I wanna fuck her mouth.
can you imagine?:)
Congratulations to our friends on their A-List win!
DONT!!! draw Tank!
#Analytics Reports - Links to resources for creating effective reports?
Looking to up my musicianship. Anyone have any recommendations for bad habits I can take up?
#gift #wrapping for #christmas :)
Amen man Amen!
RT : The book does look good. Reviews have been excellent. There's a film too, isn't there?
RT : Are you a teacher attending the New York State Council on the Social Studies Conference this Thursday-Saturday...
Ron Sukenick thought info pros might be shy people
We have posted likemind announcements on Facebook, Gary's Guide and LinkedIn events - any other recommendations?
Discipline: Doing what you need to do, whether you feel like it or not... So simple yet so hard sometimes =)
everybody go on my youtube channel and watch my cool videos frederickhj13
Just put a 200lb trunk in the backseat of my car all by myself
C is for cookie, and that's good enough for me.
Sleepwalk by Santo & Johnny >
Ah, so now I know where you are ;-).
Hey, rebels, sorry for the lack of updates (except for the annoying Last.fm tweets), but we are back and ready to rebel!
I'm gonna tweet YOUR twitter.
Sounds like no set buffet. Go/order from wherever in hotel/elsewhere, according to Harbors Edge restaurant gal.
RT : I've seen that happen! RT : Q2) Overuse of metaphors can remove connection to the context.
ok. Enjoy
This is the only time i wish i was 21. >____<
when you ready an I got to get a location wit a piano
WE NEED TO BE LOUD! If you want to Legalize #Crowdfunding CALL YOUR SENATORS today!! They r STILL debating the bill in the Senate!
Hopefully the program is helping you to get a clu.
Are times really that bad that people would steal from a car and a little girl. I just cant believe they did that to my family!!
hahaha not at all....
oh damn!!! Hahahaha you look like the kid from Jerry McGuire!!
720 dudes a day keeps the carbs away.
this job is my last resort till i find something better without it im back to being homeless sleeping under a bridge
Yo got that fire pit set up! Mesquite wood grilled steaks soon!! Primo time!
it's alright love. It too will burn one day
3 Days Grace
other peeps almost as good as bacon
Many thanks for joining me on Twitter
When asked how he felt about his failures inventing the light bulb, Edison replied, "I now know 1,000 ways how NOT to make a lightbulb"
Congrats to ya on making TrueHoop - one of the very few ESPN sections I read w/any continuity. :)
#SavvyBrandingTip: Know your niche slice. Identify the slice of your niche pie you want to laser focus your marketing to attract.
Nez have fun in Jerezzz : - Jersey Bound! to have some fun with my boo boo
We hope the #AutismWalk in Doral was a great success despite the rain! Come see us afterwards for some great barbecue!
Laying n bed until I fall asleep
Good morning world
oh Chris, I'm so sorry. My prayers are with you and your family.
I don't think many human beings trust me to guard the safety of their children lol UF > FSU
reading from,his new book at launch. Full house, great book. Go Theo!
I love and adore you!!!
Heading to the #MAD conference with Hello #Spain!
follow us! we follow back!!! :)
Shooting with Allison Maslan!
I am grateful for all that you do! xxox
haha what the hell is she talking about? Haha
and I have a competion going on to see who can work out the most!
sucks to suck?
- if i had a dick i would pull it out & piss on her #nicki :D
I'm detecting high levels of sodium chloride in your system.
hahahaha...she must be watchign #Scandal too! Lol Leave us alone!
I wonder will Carla Bruni drop the midget if he loses the election.
You should check out the nokia #e71 blows the blackberry out of the water
RT : Smoke up mane!!
Giants Won! Melky! Matt Cain was a stud. Another 9 innings and only 2 hits. If we get Timmy going and Zito to keep it up oh boy!
What to do, what to do O.o
psa: the bananas are not ripe. Repeat: avoid the bananas.
Yeah i say things I don't mean when I'm mad, But can you blame me. We all do.
is rehearsing at Atlas Joy of Motion H St. today.
Good admin will find ways 2 help teachers help students they collab w/staff instead of thinking thy know all Must b open
you could always get crazy and use xamp's mysql and mamp's apache, or local mysql + mamp. lol, whatever works, right.
I went all out and spent $5. LOL
Peter pan was my absolute favorite ride when I was little, and I still enjoy it.
So glad you enjoyed the tour!
Lmao RT : That was definitely supposed to say THEY* but you guys are retweeting it already so eff it. YOLO
Peggy's art director was totally at sleep no more when I went. Actually cute in person.
I've tripped like fifty times after the game.
i love how corrected my grammar & changed "your" to "yer" when he replied to me
Wishing I could go back to bed! What a long day this will be.... Have a good one!
RT Under pressure only 4 QBs had a lower completion % than Sanchez ..... unfortunately for the Jets one of those was Tebow
Shooting tomorrow. Feeling strangely melancholy.
We want to grant you ONE wish! What would it be?
Love your picks! RT : Get your snack on!
you may believe my mouth/is a moon
Yea lots of BBQing .. Plus my Bday is the 31st so it should be a fun weekend :)
. Thanks for your response!
follow mee today that should be good!! <3
So far.... 30 is great- wonderful night with great friends and family- truly blessed
Pride is easy to see in others…Difficult to see in ourselves.
thanks boo...might as well try the OTHER way, lol RT : liking this ”youlovemeyet”....lol
lol I just said the same thing
do you not think I understand Spanish slut?!! :)
hate when people get mad at me hahah
RT : It's just that there is basically zero coverage of women involved in sports unless the woman is traditionally good-looking.
do we need a special request to get into this keynote?
thank you for the follows! I'm at my first annualmeeting!
Hi Clare - sorry to reach out via Twitter! Would be available for an interview on Sheldon Adelson for local L.A NPR station?
true art will always be at odds with the free-market capitalist system.
Endless man love for Gary... “: Tonight is why I am so proud to call myself a Terp. Love you Gary.”
Opening Day! Wonder if I can execute a parking scam like the alley kids do at Wrigley.
If you have a handicap parking pass or a rosary you should not be allowed in the fast lane. #55doesn'tmean45
like peter pan think positive thoughts of someone else. For every person that aint good for u, there are 2 that are!
I love this song
RT : Tied nick carchidi's shoes together backwards
Mark Romanek sounds a lot like George Lucas.
if you have it...in my case some old Xbox stuff I was throwing away...you are that much richer! Bout to get $75
What is there to do on a day like this
If I get a paid internship here, then yes!
RT : Make your faith larger than your fear and day by day your dreams will begin to appear!
Saw #Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close today. Great film!
thanks so much for the welcome! :)
My wife has some different thoughts on the matter?
Here comes the scary WATER CHECK. Have you had your 8+ cups of water yet today?
morning :) how are you
RT: His mind seemed blown about the concept. “: Eric Cantor not jazzed about bringing manufacturing jobs back to USA. #lightenuppal”
& You are my sunshine, my only sunshine.
I don't know a good new name that's why I went back to this one
Failure is a must in order to fully appreciate success!
Is there any truth to the rumor I made up that the vs. feud will eventually end in a Tower of Doom match?
I think that they feel overwhelmed by something unknown, something they don't *control*, its a big deal.
Did you know that on February 25, 1870, The first black U.S. senator, Hiram R. Revels (1822-1901) took his oath of office?
Morning little bro, make sure you work on something that revolves around your dream today.Ex:Write,Beats,Network,Ur Niche
Ughh I can't believe vacation is almost over... It's like the vacation ran away from me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
The two loves in my life are Veuve Clicquot & someone special to share it with!
Everything - Michael Bublé ! I'll keep you posted!
"has swagger so bright she doesn't even need a light". Thank you for enlightening me on the hip hop culture this afternoon.
Fashion Tip: Scalloped edges are in -- try the style on shorts, dresses & blouses. Great options at TCA
thanks for everything tonight!
Happy New Year! Good things to come in 2012!
"Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, and forgive the ones who don't."~ Stolen but true
Excited for Southern Tier sampling tomorrow. Numerous delicious beers to try.
don't start off with a lie you know it's for basketball .
who are u going for heat all day baby!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 6
It don't Matta wat we talked about but it b da
good luck!
on my way to park hikes to discuss the issues of our city with the other candidates for city council and mayor votehenrybrim.com
morning chipmunk ^_^
You are unbelievable.
i have photos for you. DM me your number
Sisters Rule!
Umm, did you mean to send this to me?
Ridgeway was CRAZY!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
BREAKING NEWS: my son just told me i'm the "best best best best best best dad ever" I'm ready for anything now!!!!!
Joakim Noah has become bigger stronger more athletic. What a player.
Idk why I'm mad though! Should be used to it by now.
There is still time to get $1.50 Longnecks and a lapdance with one of our sexy ladies!!! We Party til 2am!
Fuck hoes wit no emotion..n fade away like.kobe postin
i just realized that 8 Flavahs had VLADO's on !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> they're really good dancers!
Awesome, good luck guys! 5 days til our Home Area Expansion! On May 7 the area will go south to 49th Ave & east to Renfrew
is attending Iowa State University's Spring Ag Career Day today!
e everythings better with bacon!
If you're at the FEC PAC conference at The Westin DC City Center - join us upstairs for happy hour at 330!
Follow he's amazing you should search him up on YouTube he's super talented !!!!!!!!!!!!!! He's Dylan hyde
trifecta of awesome.
It feel's like summer is near !
Nobodies gonna love you better I must stick with you forever
It's SO addicting!
Wait a sec. Already saw, loved and RT'd. Gimme more!
that's my nickname for him! His name is Joshua Teitelbaum.
I just heard someone say "I hate Adele"... FINALLY SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS ME
Listening to music
Thank you to everyone who came to our first company concert last night! And special thanks to everyone at for putting up with me!
Devouring Chinese Mexican food at Mission Chinese pop up restaurant. Might pass out in food coma before finishing this tweet.
What is twitter jail!?
Just abt to book a last min trip to MIA. But I won't give the state of FL any of my $$ till this #Trayvon situation is resolved.
Hey Precious, go out and get yourself 2 lg pizzas and stuff them down your pie hole you fat heidous piece of shit. EEEEEWWWWWW!
Finally converting from MobileMe to iCloud.... is this gonna hurt?
Thank you to all the volunteers that answered over 2000 calls yesterday. Call all your friends bring them to a poll
bad case of the Mondays? Smile! :D
Rolling Stones kind of day....
Dude, sounds so fun!! RT : #Indy Today: 4th Big Lebowski Night at the Elbow Room Pub, 8 pm.
home sweet home
U Welcome
I'm in Akron this weekend whats up!!!!!
#2012c19 recovery panel: P Gabrielle Foreman's rethinking of the term recovery in relation to brutal violence of the state and police
Pronunciation. I stumble over it often " : you mean psychologically or in terms of pronunciation?"
Sometimes I think my bro and I are different, and then I read what he has to say about gay rights and MCA and I feel we're the same.
you're annoying <3
Look at the crowd at the game! Portland is ready for the #NHL! Come on make it happen!
Make sure you save a few spots for , myself, and our crew...
Can you guys spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? I've been listening to it a lot. Loveit!
Food, nature & relationships- truly important
#Fine #Art Friday. Looking forward to a positive and productive art weekend.
Besides, it seems the villagers are gathering with torches to burn the things off.
are you going to be in cali any time soon? ;)
She's talking about my toe! RT: Without the ones who irritate us, we never have a chance to practice. -Pema Chödrön
Fuck me. Why can't anything go right for me?
Isn't it cool that simply playing your favorite song can help make your day better?!
Shooting trashy photos tomorrow for Whiting Turner...at a Baltimore City waste facility.
Feeling unlucky after the superbowl? May the luck of the Irish be with you the rest of the week. Parade day is in 32 days.
wearing my gear today in celebration of last night's big win!
family trip to Pop's before my departure
For sure, Im down!
Maybe she was talking with someone on the ethereal other end. Someone else tweeted about that person, too.
Excuse me, now I'm driving to fucking New Orleans East because the man on the phone CLAIMS to be doing brake tags till 2. W....T....F....
Hahahaha we are all so funny <3
Tonight from 7:30-9:30pm Enjoy Live Music from singer/songwriter James Jeffrey West & Guest Musician
Rain has stopped. Wind has died down. It's still cloudy.
One department the gov likes to cut, is the military. Our very defense and protection
Great show. Need some KOAB fashion info next time. What's hot, what's played out. Keep it going.
This Monday morning sucks
But isn't digital sharing ALL about your voice? Look at instagram. Everyone's a photographer now ;)
You need to create written reports about navigation, features, gameplay (game balance and all), quests, bugs and glitches
Classic show yesterday I was recording the whole shit on the big cam in front talk to your manager bout beats send me ya email
Audition workshop tomorrow from 3-5 pm. All I know us that I will be there. Somewhere. In the rabbit hole that is Pitt.
when my feelings get hurt i try to hide it but it always ends up obvious
I stay on sum other shyt I guess dats just me
great seeing you at #Fosterly today! #YouRock the panel discussions. More photos coming in 24 hrs.
Back in nyc
Haven't had some twitter time lately ... What's poppin pot heads.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
actually either spot has tix...
i'll tell you said hi!
Just for once i want people to understand me.
Though I am not overly enthusiastic about my choices today, I am thankful that #Huckbee will not appear on my ballot.
I think every bitch likes loud bass ;)
#happybirthdaykidrauhl ! we will never leave you !
Thanks :D <33 Didnt think anyone even noticed we put it up hehe
Coming home!
Just about time to get St. Patty's Day started! Downtown bound and then....
I want to Zozobra last year, never again!
Finalists Named for Jewish Literary Award
Found a nice blue and purple mark on collar bone
Doctors cite lung cancer worries for Port Augusta
A guy should never have more shoes than you.
#20ThingAboutMe 95% of my relationship fail because I don't trust no bitch
Terrell Owens on Dr.Phil looking like a complete asshole. So typical. Go jump off a building you useless piece of shit!
Octomom Files for Bankruptcy
Power just went down....WOW.
-just finished my 1st speech of the year...!!!!!
you're welcome have a blessed and fun weekend
And ran with it...an hour for a 16-team field. That takes real talent.
*darkly* As I intended. I want you begging, Ms. Purchase.
Hey , eats bugs for breakfast. I'd wash the non-stick pan AND, oh the horror, my Riedels.
30 minutes until Shocker Baseball takes on the Jayhawks up in Larryville. Hope they can get that W.
#nowplaying Andrew Bird - Belles
We're moving back into the newly restored NAS Building at 2101 Constitution Ave NW soon. Exciting! You'll be able to visit in June.
Looking forward to a great show tonight! , , and 9pm, $5... Everyone's doin it.
President is about to get off
already am.
We go to college to get a good job to buy an expensive tv to watch truck drivers on the discovery channel.
Just finished #thehungergames i need to see the movie now
i think imma just wake up early n do my homework
yes!! im within 12!! the countdown begins once again
Aw Thank you too > RT : Hi Cassandra: *AMAZING* insights in your e-mails!! Thank you~
Love a #naturist discount getaway $100 per night visit us
Conference on culturally specific museums at Smithsonian Wed Apr 25. Free & open registration at
My phone died and couldn't charge it til now !
complementary yellow and purple sunset. check it
2nd and 3rd row is the worst. Barricade can push to turn around to look for them. first few rows can't move at all
In this world you will have trouble. But take heart. I have overcome the world.
Been waiting Pimpin, can't wait to here the finished product!
Time for the Village Deli!
Charging the iPod then it's gym time!!
woof:P
Life is just so beautiful. Haven't been this happy in a long time :)
as journalists-we must educate and enrich lives. Not destroy them for profit....
#lisalampanelli still trashing dayana? give it a rest. she's gone, you can stop bullying now. time to UNFOLLOW-you and aubrey are so classy!
“: They r making a Raging Bull II-prequel/sequel. Casting going on right now for a young Jake Lamotta. #ragingbull” saw that
You don't wanna meet KARMA tho...she crazier than a MF'er.
Is that a challenge?
green is my fav color.
So I'd like 2 hear if u have a question about music & I'll do my best 2 answer it.
Oh snap! Sounds like full bush is feeling pretty confident...
Ok, plane just pulled into gate ... Has to be a good sign, right?
I just voted for Dominic to come back into the game! www.cbs.com/shows/big_brother/americas_vote/
OMFG just took 45 min to get 1 nip into my spanx! :(
blah just posted some photos... gonna go be hermit now. it's like creative writing classes all over again :X
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Man this game almost over I got shit to do...
BLACKMAIL IS LIKE A CAR, ITS VERY HANDY AND USEFUL BUT IT CAN BE DEADLY HAHAHAHAHA
Needa just MAN UP and finish this essay so I can get -some- sleep tonight.
need gig posters. you got gig posters? have cheddar.
Hey there. Saw your tweets about the iPhone. If you decide to switch over to Verizon and have any questions, let me know!
@ the Library: also, I've got a headache, there's something wrong with my shoulder, & I can't stop sweating.
Nice size student section. ~100 including the band
Day 2 of west test .-.
Marvin Menzies from #New Mexico State in the building.
yum shiner goes off
okay thanks for the tips :)
gonnnaa be movie night <3'. alone ;(
to me it's interesting what Mitt + Obama were like as kids. Does it change my vote, no. Is it insight to who they are? Yes.
my back hurts!
nahh I'm good. I have 30 followers I got enough friends.
shutup daniel you don't even know what we're talking about
RT : Try to stay open 24/7. It would be disappointing if someone brought a new idea, but you were closed to it.
you've gotten to people.. believe me..#PeopleLikeMe -_____-
A part of me wants to be responsble and save and another part of me just wants to go blow this #refundcheck!
found grandma
Going to tihnk of some pictures to draw for a list of people who requested one. It will take a me a while but I will get to it hehe
MMJ Public Meeting & Legal Panel Host Pat & Car Lit Proj 6pm tonight Casselman's Bar 2620 Walnut Street Denver CO
well work time .
Winning is about he art, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
*Gets on one knee and hands u a ring pop* its not the real thing yet:)
The only way great things ever get accomplished is through perseverance and conviction that your cause is worth fighting for.
600 YES, 600 NOTS_ STATE SO CROOKED, STATE WATCHING FOR COPS!_ TARGET US LIKE RED DOTS, YOU'D THINK IM FROM JAPAN...
I don't have my Ray-Bans on tonight. So I'm not feeling hella cool..
From a rainy day in LA here are my .... #FF !!! Sure to bring some sunshine in ya life! x
RiSe & PRaY
Obviously, the most colorful people show up on the bus when Mom visits. Spiderweb tattoo on face, man in bear suit w/ plastic gloves, etc.
Going to kill some time at robek's eating acai before training.
BOOM Somaya killin em red paint on my shoes! Who run the world? Bitch I do!
Ditto. RT I'm old. I remember a time when there was no Klout. Just your reputation. And that mattered more than any number might.
Hello long lost Twitter. Still getting back into routine after a sad, albeit special few days back east with family.
I don't think they are saying hire any additional sworn personnel, which would cost more.
Might be time for you to order a beer
Saw yesterday and I am proud of this film & what it ultimately conveys. The ending scene is legit.
Thanks for the follow cutie!
Missed last night's #speedbusters with ? Check out a motorcycle going 103 in Mt. Pleasant at www.todaystmj4.com.
LETS FRICKIN GO CARDINALS!
thank you!
Well yeah!
sure did:)
I Miss You Baby
Free and Open Source software is not fading, but still evolving.
“My princess is on her way, I have to wait.” -Niall Horan
If You're Gonna Bring Something NEW To The Game Have/Get The $$$ It Takes To Do So AND Patience, Determination, Persistence & Belief In YOU
I'll be in late, was at work till 11pm
im getting a new one today!! :D so im excited lol
they promise great things. We are stoked at the buzz
could never get into that show. Have a much different interpretation of Portland.
its stil tough, i think about Dan quite often, I cried tonight when I watched a video fo his second Indy win
you were amazing in the hunger game movie I just had to read all the books looking forward to the other movies :)
#wrongthinking "I don't care about nothing but money"
RT : I need a name for a six year old football team I'm putting together in Mustang. Any suggestions? /umm let me think...
Just to end the speculation: Patriots 42 Giants 24 in a blowout. Giants will score one last FG on a gimme with time winding down...
When I think about the day the Beatles broke up, when the band stopped, the last nite of phish, Not that these bands compare but damn I cry.
Hindsight. If I knew then what I know now. Well, don't live in the past but do DEVELOP YOUR CHARACTERS.
I think PFF is a good site the data doesn't take into account the circumstances of the situation. For instance when the..
Go cats
Fiesta mexicana is on s Conkling and fleet.
Love that guy! MT Belichick did not stop to pose with the Lombardi Trophy as he walked off stage at newsr
Check out our recently updated blog @ rawrrmusic.com.
Yesterday, I spent the day looking at german shepherd puppies with my husband and now all I can think of is cuddling furry little puppies.
love that place. Good friends are on town line lake. Good wine too. :)
Let's try this party invite again now that Twitter is kinda' working.
Unfortunately, i cant cut the nuts off human men... yet. So i have dedicated my time to the neutering of dogs because thats legal.
OMG, yes she is!!!
I hope in my next life I come back as the front passanger seat of a taxi cab
I'm not ashamed 2 say that I know angels r watchin over me!
"Failure and success, they belong together. It's like Mac-'n-cheese." - at Epic Fail
Wise: Educators need to admit damage/privilege first for students to open up
This made me Lol! Better than the drum circle. Oy. MT Soccer in Meridian Hill Park... love it or hate it?
Just found the tshirt I got from Love at first bite when Jamie&I worked the cochon de lait po boy both at #JazzFest in 2007.
Yall this man at mickey dees came NFL and nipped the same spot AROUND me while I'm eating my food ..not 1,not 2 or 3 times but 4 EFFIN times
Damn right all u haters were talkin shit about the LAKERS now those muthfuckas winning deal wit it
yes it is. are you on linkedin, foursquare, facebook, pinterest?
Be sure and share a link to our band page on YOUR page - it's the gift that keeps on giving! :)
filming started? muppets? Ben smith? That's all I got :( I have a feeling we will see familiar faces for Emily's season.
Using the word "shredding" to describe snowboarding is annoying.
Her exact words were "make sure whoever u marry treats u right and PLEASE make sure he has halfway decent hair" hahahahahahaha
I can't Skype I'm in the middle of my math class lol... If you wait 15mins I should be back at the dorms
“: Cal's salary for 2010-11 was greater than the budget of every other sport at #UK except football.” worthit
link worked this time...the world is so much better with friends, waving
When It Get Hot Niggaz Get Stupid Smh......
and pwned at the McDonald theatre in Eugene last night. I have no voice today :)
and the fedex truck then dropped a resolutionary new device at my door.
is that 'what' about that spam? It's not malware - just change your password if you opened it.
I just can't deal with Mary J blige. I wonder what the decision making process consisted of when she was selected. :/
More piercings over spring break? I think so. (:
Catch Joe Tait on Channel 3's "Golden Opportunities" this Sun 2/19; 11:30 am- The Joe Tait Fan Page
Michele Bachmann looked like a fox during the debate and Rick Perry is still a douche. I dislike #republicans ...
Yeah, didn't you see the math equation I tweeted?
I believe all employers should attend these mixers to really get the oppty to meet candidates provide support & refer them!
"The call him 'Swagga.'"
Beginning at 6pm-it's FREE Member movie night! If you are a member, bring your card and get in free to the film of your choice!
yes i know the story aired!! and your interview too :)
Funk Fest 2012 - JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz TOMORROW 11-5pm. Buy 2-2Day Passes & Get 1 Free! Athlete's Foot on Normandy & Boutique 3:16...
why not!? That's what I'm thinking.
No more texts please.
RT : A6: Students in K-12 could gain expertise in the cloud services that they will use in college <agreed!
a very sad day for Norway - thoughts and prayers for them!
I used to go to the one on 6th at least once a week when I worked at the Tribune. Probably why I'm so fat.
I'm going to start carrying post-its around so when I make requests people ignore, I can tell them to STICK IT. Nicely. Literally.
Good question. Let me ask.
": Can hit 700 followers today? 45 to go! RT
Yes! And thanks for the drink! That was mighty tasty.
all the family photos I've ever taken.
Nice - best get ready RT : Yup, I'm leaving and it snowing again.
Junior Seau died, dang
I'm trying to finalize line up this week how much notice you need to perform? I've got to run my time out #
thanks baby<3
Yes, but better! Ha!
reprising your role as the drunk college co-ed eh?
I wish you would follow me.<3
Had a wonderful night my daughters baptimal was beautiful
i followed you
Bills got Vince Young. I don't know much about football but I'm going to assume that they will still play like a so-so Vince Lombardi team
I could happily live without ever hearing another open mic cover of blackbird.
You Cant be a nickel looking for dime...
7th Dist. Commissioner of Cook County #JesusChuyGarcia will be addressing
EVERYONE!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Solid-State lighting (SSL), Always commonly seen in the form of Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs), I think.
r ya there???
What you up too Big homie
I pray that all my scholarships, grants, and this one loan comes through. I wanna hit the road to Morehouse this fall and have less stress
sounds good to me dude! Can I bring Katey like the old times?! Lol
No. 11, luxardo cherries, lime juice and rosewater. So Good.
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I may be late but WOAH ray j and Houston sex tape.....whaaaaa?!
ha imma remember tht n no i dnt want the leftovers!! lol
my nigga you new. They bugging.
Another 5 to 7 months to review public comments. RT : DEC spokeswoman not ruling out Grisanti timetable re: fracking
hopin to come to south bend soon. Thanks for spreading the word also. We appreciate it!
stop being so bright you have nothing to hate on about 1d
Your kid will always b around the chick you turned your back on her for want known fact what goes around comes back around
leading off the top of the second Paul Konerko.
well, someone gets shot. you're welcome.
fucking hell lucy, whereve ya been?!
Are you with Betty??
feeling a tentative bout of sickness creeping in... emergen-c and maybe an early escape from the office?
You're hot!!
Invaluable for frequent flyers!RT : The Economist: Smart ways to fold your so that they don't look so bad when travelling...
You are very welcome. I enjoy your tweets :)
Take the time to actually read recipes through before you begin.
One of my customers said I had some beautiful white teeth!!! :-) I knw I knw lbvs
Penalty on Sue. There was :46 left in the #Gophers penalty
lol......thats cuz he needs to stick to analyzing NBA games.....he looks lost out there
This cold weather is so bad for us black guys because our skin gets really ashy.
Pablo Sandoval gets to keep wearing a Giants jersey for 3 more years...
spent long weekends over months to prepare for the day that charges against Sandusky went public.
Good morning tweethearts! :)
It's a false issue. It's not like Ohio State or anyone else knew about the guy.
I want everyone to follow I work for this company and we do
-- have a safe (and wildly fun) trip! We'll get that HH together when you get back!
2 more days before the carnival
Talking to Katya before creative writing
Totally pissed I'm missing and tonight. Stop texting me, people, and rubbing it in!
at my dads finally!:D u?:)
NE1 ever done an econ. assessment of what 60's protests gained for "99%"? Seems ineffective in long term since, y'know, things are worse now
Keep calm, steep, drink.
Great post, can we re-post to our blog?
Thank you :-)
Steve blake going crazy....lol
I've been engaging in all of the internal grappling & stock taking that one engages in before launching something new.
It's been a long day! I think it's time for me to go to bed now!
lol what about his daughter!!
It feels so good playing electric guitar again. We've been apart for far too long..
Go back to sleep Maddie..
Business after Hours at Golf 365 150th & Cumberland Join us!!
Only The Hits Online Radio Will Be Back With A Brand New Show Starting Tomorrow Night @ 7PM. Spread The Word!
Often moving class to online means online has to be better. says make it a discovery experience not a lecture
Emily Mure Trio gig tonight at LIC Bar Music stars at 5. No 7 train! Take E or G.
arg. every person in every photo on that website looks like an asshole.
Twitter pics...how long before rights $$ become part of the equation?
amazing wedding tonight! so much fun and brings back so many wonderful memories of my own.
I want to see #battleship but I have no one to go with. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Thanks for the follow. Always appreciate your take on things. Great to be connected.
In New York City its illegal to smoke cigarettes in parks. Central ark is 843 acres ...
I feel better with Tiesto on my side! RT : Yes but it ain't over yet :) RT : rangers win!!!!
They're coming to Tennessee with a couple of changes of clothing, and that's all. They've lost everything - Tony Hitt
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Hasnt and WOULD'T break a girls heart.
Sometimes everything just seems to work out perfectly...
Refreshing candor from Haber: We have no idea how many rights we administer.
hope you can make the next event. Tell us more about #growgolf,
I got a surprise visit today from David M who came to a meeting on the wrong day. Hi
Now my Facebook page is jacked up I can't view any of my current posts except through the notifications or on my phone.
I think I should delete some numbers out my phone.
Maybe it's just me then.
Of 14 straight. Come say hi. I'll buy a drink!
"Ruin is a gift... Ruin is the road to transformation."
Continuation of the last tweet: The cover girls are there to be sexy, not a racial statement. I know it isn't PC - but that is the goal.
LMAO too funny. Watch out, your aunty is a techie gangster! :P and how do you use this pintrest? any other media sites other-
RT #Leo's are good friends.
Love is lawless..**
Thank you so much for signing my idol <3
lmao right, I don't know why they do this to me!
INTERVIEW WITH 107.7"THE BONE" TOMORROW LIVE
Glad to see you're back on Twitter. Now with all the tweets you'll be sending out I can stop worrying. jihad
Enjoy! You have to give me the full preview.
it's a Tuesday, I'll go if you want to drive that far ^_^
My bro talking shit like it's funny , HAHA nigga !
yeah ! They lost -.- I am so madd
., a better analogy would be you & erectile dysfunction. you need something artificial ("i'm fine!") to prop you up.
It's called therapy. Get some.
We will be having another Bible Study Oct. 13th...Don't miss out :)
anytime stud
got beat up by ireadyrsoul, lost abt 93 at 50/100. very well played by him. back to the drawing board
I'm trying not to be a laggard! Learning new technology YIKES!
my eleven year old cousin call herself tryna follow me.. can we say blocked ! why do you even have a twitter ? bad parenting is my call.
Men: please make a considerable effort to be a warrior on and off the field. Not just on xbox.
Big question is why overlooking huge drop off in achievement gap is middle school and higher
Taking conservative approach allows him to appeal to the indies who he would lose any other way. Country not there yet. Could lose bc of it.
Reading Game Change now.
I hate #SpringBreak Homework! :/....Finishing last minute work.
People that cause a ruckus, just to cause a ruckus NEED TO STOP! Nothing good will come of it!
Well #MNF why does Big Ben wear different colored cleats?
Can't stand wen folks smoke blacks it makes my tummy hurt
Make Now, Bake Later: Meals in a Pinch
Some of my homies been acting #shady lately...Idk why?? Not replying to texts or returning calls..
got soo much homework, thanks to Coach Long and Mrs. Hardin that's how im spending my weekend
gm bro $alute!
#np 'Hey You' Pony Pony Run Run
This kinda shit makes me want to smack the living fuck out of people.
came home showered pass the hell out.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: You can do so much if you focus on only one thing.
I'm not Yish will for me..you know she's a lightweight!! Lol
oh awesome!
i want you to notice me it would be fabulous... k thanks <333333333333
Nuggets win!
Maki Madness may be no more (insert sad face here) but I still gotta get my on in March (plus I've got some serious GCs to use...)
it must be a good idea, look at the size of that bulb! :-)
This is a switch, I'm not even checking #Facebook in the morning anymore.
If you have a high grade fever, head to the hospital. I had the headache, neck stiffness & 102 temp. They have to do an lp :-/
Did you take the Psych exam last year?
good night noob's! have a great day!! xx
King thanks for doing my taxes you are awesome!!! Good to see college taught me the art of procrastination well April 13 but Its done!
Cold foil is a growing and some might say hot opportunity, laser and digital die cutting is also considered hot
I spy anecdotal evidence.
later today i will check it out. Goodluck!
Heading to west Seattle for some spring hill burger lovin. I'll let you know how it is
I want one
@ Chris Cornell at a fantastic venue
NBC network channel. For me it's 69
So yesterday I spilled a little Nail Polish remover on my dresser...Mom wasn't happy...Least I told her right away....
happy face no matter how many :)
It wasn't until I was loving noone, that I fell in love with myself.
Started the world's most successful franchise, too.
Last night my brother and I watched episodes 3-5 of the first season of Lost. Tonight 6-8 after practice? Oh man I love Hulu
Loiter Squad Time!!
she a little too carefree In 10 years, who’s paying for all that therapy?
Went upstairs to put my daughter to bed, Lakers were up by 16. Came back down, tie game lol
Airports really need to have prominent clocks. Maybe it's my geographic ignorance or just exhaustion, but I had no idea what time it was.
Hearing from my baby sister for the first time in 5 years <3 broke my heart
The. Black. Keys.
Jay-ism #9: "Enjoy the fact that you ALWAYS have the ability to prove all of those who doubt you wrong. "
Trimmin the Fro
. amnesty for extraterritorial accounts & holdings?
Heb 11:11 By faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she...
wake me up you hot twitter guys! i love my job, it makes me feel good to know that I am making somebody else horny lol!
so wonderful to have you. many thanks for your genuine interest & compassion!
thank you all! Making my dreams come true every Sunday!
#SometimesYouHaveTo ..learn to trust your instinct about people & situations. Intuition even saves LIVES out here. Shit gets real.
Most annoying thing about riding the bus - people who think that everyone wants to hear the music jamming on their cell speaker. Save me.
What do you all think of "Lying"? www.purevolume.com/holidayparade
the #twt12 stream looks awesome. Wish I was there with my peoples...
no... just the monitor :)
yoooo I would enjoy a sticker:D
Nice RT : +1 RT : I have some remarkable friends.
Latin mix or Tejano mix? Because there is a difference.
please do, would love to intro you to him and kids and my lady. we'll be around, ill message you. Bart Scott:
I can't wait to see you tonight!
Regional network in Denver RT Altitude?
I remember you competing for the IPAD2!!! How are you doing? Was ASTD 2011 good for you? Did you get time to enjoy Orlando?
Look up
i see you
Seriously, how come girls always punked out in truth or dare?
its Thursday here! Ugh sorry I missed it
Good move, Rod Strickland. You will have better options in the future. Def got a great situation at
Hmm, Jan 15-20 is San Diego Restaurant Week, but only one place in the entire new Distrct 7 is listed, really?
Going to petsmart going to look at kittys!!
Did not Jesus Christ Himself say that "No man knows the day and hour, not even the Son, but the Father only." Something along those lines?
Trust I'm not,I still got his followers coming at me,but I dropped it,the truth will come out
": GoD makes a way whn there is no way...."
Aoki era / New Brewer from the Far East / says Konichiwa
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr.
When someone say wyd? I always say nothing even if I am doing something, its much easier
it's not even that far x))
Didn't even take much convincing lol yes
Finally made it to #microconf. Can't sleep for the pounding music at the Hardrock. Not impressed.
I felt some kinda way about doing 5, but 20?? NAWL. Lmao
Hello to you! This should be fun :) RT : Well HELLO!! ;-)
Excited 2 be a part of the movement!
RT : President Obama is at the podium!
If you weren't the Callihan Death Machine, what kind of Callihan ______ Machine would you be?
Damn, I guess YOLO
LEARN HOW TO MAKE MONEY FROM A DEBIT CARD: Signup for Netspend Prepaid Debit Card. Earn a $20 FREE CASH BONUS Apply for your card by...
J, u have had a wonderful impact on others! U r quite a young man. My fam is Fr. Canad. 1 day I'll bring kids to meet u!
UGH, you butthole I don't have lunch till 2! -___-
says we're here at #thatcampphilly to show what we don't know, not what we already know
nevermind then... ignorance is bliss! :)
i'm so gay, but this guy is hott!
LOL... Miss you too! Needing a Laura-fix!
will be voting 'No' on Chicago speed cams. What do you think about speed cameras?
These essays are killing me!
I'm not sure that is *always* true, but I would guess in most cases that is accurate :)
is gonna destory brocks ass at #ExtremeRules and he will win !!!!!! #CeNation is unstoppable
The autobiography of punk guitarist Johnny Ramone is to hit bookshelves, eight years after he died of pancreatic cancer.
Of course sweety.its first class wit u boo. marroit down town if u like as well
Hey guys •Diamond ;)
I feel the same way about exercise in college... or even high school.
Thanks for supporting me love :) Share then with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fabs
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
the larger question, then, is what thematic concern is served by the deposition?
Who wants to go on a run with me tomorrow??
Much needed work out with personal trainer today! I'll be feeling it tomorrow.
Try not to be a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. – Albert Einstein
If it's possible to be a victim of your own stupidity, the Clippers have certainly mastered the art.
Pattie, I LOVE you,<3 Your a good mother.!
Take on me a-ha
Wow! Six more weeks till the fall semester is over! SO MUCH TO DO!
im creeping your twitter (HEHE)
at the board mtg. "We have big responsibility since we know how to act in the face of anti-semitism"
going out to shop for easter dinner. still gotta boil eggs for the hunt. my brain says go my body says no. haha why am i so frickin tired?
Now Kerry Washington is in one of the hottest shows on television in "Scandel", well deserved role for her.
Never again visit friends. U get bad looks and attitude from them. Out eating with the guys
drake bell is attractive. lol. therefore, it is a compliment.
Wishing all of our fans and followers a Happy Veteran's Day, and thanks to everyone who has served our country!
Sometimes I wonder what me and you could've been...
Saw this praise paid to prof.: "instructor learned the name of all 40 students"... seems to me that this should be the norm.
Really???? thankyou im crinkling it imma post it ;D
Going OCD on my iTunes!
Fuck I left my keys in my car AGAIN
My friend who I huffed Dustoff™ once with in middleschool learned how to do it from another kid at a school for child prodigies
What suspicions are you overcoming? Are they real or perceived? Pressing forward is worth it if u change things for the better.
Getting some nice landscape submissions in for our May photo contest. Keep sending them in
Don't expect things. And when sh*t doesn't work out, go work for Intel.
Follow back
Please follow back please :o)
Rain rain go away, come again ne-e-e-ver.
I just <U+2764>the sun drop commercial
“Food is our common ground, a universal experience.” James Beard
Maybe.... ;) when are you ungrounded.
I really wish that I didn't have the theme to "St. Elmo's Fire" in my head right now.
lls iight bet. What did yall do after I left?
I've tried it *knocks it* RT : The Storage War slander is just so unreal. Don't knock it until you've tried it!!!!
OKC Here we come
jk good night twitter
yeah, this guy hit my car while I was still in it -___-
I just ate the ripest, yummiest peach store-bought peach I have ever ate. Why don't I shop at Uwajimaya more often?
My vacation is going to be over 1 day early, just set up an urgent new residential window job in Blaine.
It doesn't matter which side of the fence you get off on sometimes. What matters most is getting off.
Rub my budda
That was a very LA Law moment.
not sure. Just sad
Yes! Lots of obstacles & extra weight on your shoes from the mud. Best part is the giant mud pit waiting for you at the end
or might be *too* relaxing ha! srsly tho, it's like halloween in weho:fun the 1st time, not so much the 2d,3d,etc
Is there a link to yr collection so I could show it? BTW, this was chosen/assigned w/o my input. They took the reins v. nicely.
I'm obsessed with the song "You and I" by !
Shout out to #Gary&#Jeslie @ #TheOgdenST and #Paul for spreading the word about salon rock!
Sounds like the #USMS @ the GSO Aquatic Center had a great first day & a 95-year-old broke a national record! That doesn't happen everyday.
I love the maaaiine
Conviction of a criminal offense
Did a huge presentation about Space Exploration in history. The girl who followed me did hers on dreadlocks. Uh, okay ha.
Cool! I'll see you at Chano's around 12:30p then. You know where it is, yes? I'll be one of the teacup humans.
you'll be in knoxvegas in a week!
what's up tonight?
Tiger likely to miss cut at Wells Fargo after 73 | Low Vig Reduced ...
You can always play Cordova! ;-)
Chipolte - fresh food, good value for the $$ and everyone in the family can find something they like
RT " : i want to kill everyone that uses a q to replace g " whatever, my twitter name is hot.
#musesocial RT What if there was a totally new SM designed to be used by solely for museum goers?
Stuttering Motivational Speaker "I say you the f#cking best, you the f#cking best, You the f#cking best"
I meant it as a joke but I'm totally fine with it xoxo :)
awh:( there will be plenty of more shows though!
So either it's 50% concentration OR 200% sustainable?
First #Oscars surprise: Meryl Streep and not Viola Davis for best actress.
Replay my weekend. Minus my homie being deprived of the good times we should of all had together.
happy new year then!! xo
"Try not to become a man of success but a man value."
“: JUAN DIRECTION!!!” YES!
bow wow woof woof ("please follow me back" in dog) ;)
Very well, thanx (: What are you doing?
Hey can you text me?
"There is an odd ticking noise coming from the wing outside my window." —, "Contents May Have Shifted"
Tell : Don't play chicken with food safety. Drop your dangerous new poultry inspection standards!
We enjoy grabbing coffee from and maybe grabbing a beer from
“: Behind every heart, there is a best friend guarding it in case it breaks.”
Ha! Well they tasted pretty dad-gum good.
<<< Music goes Hard.. #justsaying ..with his cute self ;)
I would cry if waited untill 11:59 tonight to tell us the big news...since thats still considered "today" lol
Austin's curly hair looks so good on him OMG.
I love you.. <3
Just learned an "ethics speaker" from "the government" recommends "Grumble Hallelujah" in her talks. God bless America.
Dear ants that have overtaken my bathroom: left out some yummy snacks for you. Help yourselves, and share with friends! Take some home!
At 10 on ABC5, Two Albia brothers get into a dispute and one is killed, plus a free way to get your taxes done!
boo Yankees....go Red Sox!!!!
Chris Paul is the best point guard in the #NBA, period.
Was in a good mood till I got home!
Any chance you'll be selling this skirt online? A few of my readers have asked about it, but I've only seen it in stores.
Okay the Nicks are on fire from 3 right now. This is rediculous they can't miss
this is great... thanks!!
We had a good rain last night. Thank goodness. Most of the island is under drought conditions.
actually, do you want to help me find geeky things to inflict on my baby? I can make you a contributor to one of my boards
Church,paintball with My friends and our sons pizza and now basketball...uk will win this by 10..
Lets go Huskies!
That's not their biz model. MT Just got a call from my advisor. has never called me to talk investments.
Man this family got a smart ass mouth
this better happen!!!
very thankful for you following, thank you for fighting this battle with me, through creativity and art. truly flattered
Just woke up. Missed the bus, missed school....
I suppose so. But I'm loving it anyway! My mom won't let me shower though, bahaha.
"You would like that. Probably get you in the National Geographic"
When my 3 year old cousin walks around my Nonna's house singing foster the people>>>
o ok thats not bad at all
Colors define you.
I think my positive side ran away. I'll look for it some day lol
Isn't it? I was borrowing from it the other day for a document I was writing for the library.
Greet the being you are becoming.
sick and exhusted again
Lmao, i need to change my icon now
You're right. Change is never easy. The war to stand pat versus the urge to risk the unknown wages within us all.
Yeah! I'm excited to be following you, Aubrie! RT Right now I'm excited to be following
can life go on? i don't know right now.
RT: School Dance with tomorrow <3
NUGGETS NEED A RUN ... NOW
#PROMO Join us today for the game @ Foolerys on Okauchee Lake!!!!!!
The stylish lady nerds of the world demand a Ruby on Rails nail color. How about a whole geek collection ? cc
So glad I got to spend some time BSing with before he takes off
hey there how was your day
Having a great time.... I wish I did not have to leave in 2 days so much more of Rome to see.
Hey #usguys , time to ring the tribal bell for - Maybe he will follow more than 1 person now!
Stop by and say hi if it works out if not i'll see you at the next one
I'm tired of seein people not open the vents on their jackets and leavin the tags on their sleeves!!
21+ deserve somewhere NEW to party in DC SATURDAY at TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
#twitter no one ever rrsponds to twits think there's too many people speaking their mind
Just watched 's video on procrastination, so I guess I'd better stop procrastinating and do the treadmill ;-)!
Young women in Chechnya
So i might have believed ya. But ya ;-) winked at me. Lol
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, when a voice came on over the intercom at Walmart, you said 'GOD HAS SPOKEN! ' "
NFL roundup: Vikings gets by first legal hurdle for new stadium (The SportsXchange)
lol. Cool. You make sure you don't be no stranger.
no you're absolutely right, I guess I meant not to bring out the C4 completely
Those naps that turn into comas << -_-
Does anybody even care to look at ur tweets...Im surprised u have followers cause ur WHACK LMAO
maybe his trying to get benefits, for a on the job injury hm
Senior fashion show is in auditorium.
IM GOING TO RT 5 TWEETS :)
Computing services can restore that for you. I did the same thing awhile back.
Some guy could cross my path that I might want to give access to my honey and vanilla flavored vagina...
If you'd like, since I'm already imaging NJ/NYR as NJ/WSH, I'd do the fake game stories for you llike you guys did last year.
Goodnight Beautiful and Amazing Mahomies! <3
There's going to be a Throwing Shade special edition, right? Because I don't want to wait a week to hear about today
Can't wait for my shoes to come in the mail tomorrow!!!!
The PEO industries #1 directory on the web
Fun though! Where is din tonight?
aww :) you're awesome!
I thought that might happen after I saw you follow him :)
Dvd Cover, Menu and Credits done and approved.. intro exporting.. slide show in progress.. final product uploaded by tomorrow... PRICELESS!!
One day you need a horse running there!! Hope your weekend is going well!!
Happy to hear the spellchecker is a hit!
I'm in Baltimore. We have a grant meeting tonight.
Luxurious morning with a local client. I almost never get to work with authors face-to-face. Love phone coaching but this was a treat!
"Things aren't what they used to be and probably never were." ~Will Rogers
Our next issue of Literal Latte will be out January 1. A great way to start the new year!
Louis Armstrong recorded “St. James Infirmary” on Dec 12, 1928, in his last Chicago sessions for OK Records. Earl “Father” Hines on piano.
Your'e so sweet i could pour you on my pancakes!
"The Best Colleges" uses these criteria: Economic Value (35%), Quality of Life (30%) , Academic Quality (20%), Student Satisfaction (15%).
My multi talented friend has given up on twitter I think, but Has a new show with Tom Michael!
I love you
This Do's & Dont's slide in the #cmtraining is the best slide I have seen in the whole program - definitely tips to stick to!
yayyyyyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> let me see if these people are going forsure.
I'm srry to hear that
I completely understand! I'm stuck in the Hockeyless state of Indiana..although I'm growing somewhat fond of college basketball
Thanks a lot! we appreciate it so much
i wanted youu but you chose her !
Michael on at 3 pm today Martin Bashir and at 8pm
An interesting read and great concept! Thanks for the read!
A dinner for two at goes to... ! Congrats!
So anyone attend Gen Con and dress up today in INdianapolis, Indiana? Saw some awsome costumes while in the downtown area ealier today
Lets write letters to each other. I wanna check the mail and be like yes! That was soo old school. It came on the Pony Express
Really, Merril Hoge? You think Justin Blackmon is the best rookie WR just because he brought a cancer patient to the draft? Wow, just wow.
It's really snowing now!
yay, at least in the right context
Getting ready to go to the zoo..I mean WORK WORK getting ready for Work :'(
Visit the Kaminaljuyu animation cells & decide for yourself. Did the ancient Maya design "motion" into their artwork? My answer: definitely.
I love the barbershop atmosphere but sometimes when you're in a hurry...you don't have time to see a fight at the club last night reenacted
Bouand Dance Come for PSU Weekend - stay for the best dance in Portland. Lincoln Hall Sat. & Sunday. Prices start at $18.
#LAMHarvard transparency, participation, collaboration -- open govt plan. Or just smart organizational SOP.
. If you have a serious inquiry you can email
Had the last wed. at the broadripple park, it was great, do it agian soon. Please.....
My tanning oil smells amazing. Js
When you get your feelings involved thats when it gets real.
must've been something significant to piss you off after a hard spin class!!! Well hopefully everything is better now :))
Heating pad and Advil!!!!!
#arizonawildcats new QB Javelle Allen may be a starter in International Bowl on CBS tomorrow.
everyone please follow my Spykids 4 Buddies
thank u
You're honestly the weirdest person I know, and that is why we are friends
TileMill is so much fun to use. Thanks !
And what does Mario say after you fed him? Is he on strike?
can lucas have some
The Project commercials airing during the #NHLAllStar game make me cry and hug my 3 shelter mutts.
Everybody wanna be a stripper but nobody wanna be a stripper SMH
“: I have been legendary since you were in grade school. #literally #imold” hahah
I ask this question at least once a week. RT : Why doesn't Chipotole deliver!? WHY WHY WHY! and also why?!
lol ya being like so that night I took 15 xanaxs or shit that party from last night...sounds better <3
Turning 21 tomorrow <U+E00E><U+E00E>
Hey welcome back old pal - From all of us, it's nice to have you "home"!
=) Happy to hear that!
of course
From nursing triplets to manopause. I heart michael kors.
There are a lot of excited ADULTS watching the Fresh Beat Band at right now.
Everyone go follow ! She has taught me so much about life and how to manifest happiness.
#RedSox need to win this game. #1 pitcher Lester on mound. 2 games below 500. Lost 2 out of 3 to lowly A's. Need to get on track! Go Sox!!
If you haven't been to Langsdale for a while, be sure to stop by. We're moving things around, getting new furniture and more!
I'm so jealous of all those girls who say they're daddy's girls. My dad doesnt even talk to me
I'm going to laugh if at the end of this press conference, he announces he has narrowed it to 2 teams w/ announcement Fri.
The fact that he's gone feels unreal )':
not to bad it nice out an I have to work at 4 :( lol
yeah but they havent got caught and If they ask that person how long have u been doing drugs and it's been 5years u will
May 1, time is flying
cracker crisis?
Thanks for the follow! We publish the next generation of award winning writers--and we train editors, too!
Good, it'll be good to meet you. :)
fashion blog inspiration
Watching the King of the Ring DVD
Congrats on Atticus and Blue Five - looking forward like many others!
Looks like Obama's gonna have to evolve a little faster.
R.I.P Whitney Houston Great loss #RipWhitneyHouston So sad
": 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!"<why hip hop is dead
sounds like a perfect day! Wonderful to hear of your Berlin adventures. :)
Big monday
Every time I convince my wife 2 have a female house keeper, male politicians mess it up, thanks Arnold.
VMware Experts on Twitter
contact or if still looking to reach Both have been on his podcast before.
hahaha be nice be nice
damn lol RT "Shut up..I wear heels bigger than your dick" #weak <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
lol u n me both. I got a 8am-6pm tomorrow but my #Insomnia is trying 2 kick in :-/
Better to be a fan of a losing baseball club than to be a...what'd you call yourself - a tool? :)
I don't know what it means but that dude looks tire-d.
you two need to stop. This is too much. BLOWING UP MY TWITTER.
I'm freaking crying watching funday monday.... Why are these stories so unbearably funny
Its cool how old are you anyways 25?
Sorry he died. I'll check them out on Spotify. I like lyrics I've read on my TL.
Be assured that humanity is worth every single investment you have to offer it.
Lets give love its wings ..maybe we can start over
can I get a follow back?
I showed my mum a picture of her and she said im gonna be like her when I get older
Reading horoscopes with and my cousin...lol
I am happy this team could have folded after being 1 and 6. The old Cards before Coach W would have folded.
I get startin Estrada he deserves the chance hopefully this won't mess them both up, since their flip flopped (Peralta in relief)
Hope Sir Paul doesn't sing something off his new lame album like "inchworm."
My brother snores ......gonna be a long ass night
Wow a huge line at the post office full of men, and I'm the only one to leave the line to help an old lady carry a package to her car. WTF
Morgan really just said when you cut the umbillical cord it's like cutting a finger off.
does that mean your going to bed?! D:
I love my mom she's the best
be back in a min send more questions
this rehersal has been forever
U fuck with ugly bitches just to get a nut off I fuck with bad bitches just to roll my blunt up
r the guy that got kicked out of Barnes & Noble for moving the Bibles to the fiction section?
See you real soon, Kyle! RT Oh yeah!!! tickets have arrived!!!
no its fine now i know people that i cant trust who say crap. And thats not too thats too someone else but i was too :)
I saw you at Chicago my school was visiting from St.Louis and i bet you heard girls screaming that was me and my friends....
it's cool Bill! Have a great show tonight!
My thoughts and prayers go out to President Schutt and his family.
#Spurs score on the PK to even the game up at 3.
Beautiful ring!
who? btw, may win in a Michelle O contest but takes the cake n a "sausha/malia hybrid" contest!
Derek's crew beat our pants off but it was a lot of fun
Tonite at The White Swan in Houston, sat at Twist Of Lime in Metry
I want to go to sleep but we have company over and they have a little girl and I'm the human punching bag . ._. nice to meet you too .
sending love from Brooklyn. I'm so sorry for your loss.
What are the book titles? Links to websites?
RT : The new economy: global, entrepreneurial & knowledge based - small biz has to accept this to grow.
I thought that was for the weekends. Thank you. (:
that's what I like to hear! be ready arounnd 1ish
we've been working hard to develop the new #cover for #Hubris. I know it looks like it was easy, but we went down many paths to get to...
“: No, I'm not single, I am in a long distance relationship. Because my girlfriend lives in the future.”
I would decide to walk home from OVU on the one day this week it's actually been somewhat hot
#replacecodysimpsonsongswithcake On My Cake, All Cake, Not Just Cake, Crazy But Cake! haha(:
The more you talk and think about someone the more you fall for them.
I'm laying waste to the next SW with an army of Bearodactyls. Defend yourself.
i dont know just thinking
awesome - good to hear! Yep, more are coming, hopefully in the next two weeks :-)
okay twitter i am going to bed now see you guys tomarrowz!!
Yes, it is! On November 20th SoFla will honor the creativity of Youth!
Any George Clooney sightings yet??
Announcement coming at 6 CST tonight! Find out how you can win a private concert with Bryan! Who's excited?! - The B Side
“: All this Mcdonalds talk is getting me hot.”
Wow I knew it would be awesome,I wish I could have been there.
thank you for so powefully joining the voice to help our children. Let us know how we can help each other.
I'm sneaking a nap right now. Back to the gym in three hours!
MSNBC HD has been a black screen all night in Manhattan.
#Confession I made the news two months ago, but nobody will ever know about dat
amen to that! Lol
Im so tired :(
Naw I knew you were talking about toy story I just didn't kno if he said that
It's fabulous. How great to see a nice splash of color !
Living in a house with day 2: The ukelele serenades have begun.
I wonder if my cousins in Croatia or Sweden like One Direction.. I wish I could ask them lol.
Quit Smoking & drink less alcohol. Old but effective tip.
"i will never play you or disrespect you" but thts wht you're exactly doing
"I think that some employees welled up with tears because the polenta was so good." Doing our part to create tears of joy.
Nothing wrong with that. But there are ways to disagree/debate politely and professionally.
Beneath the Underdog by Charles Mingus; Stomping the Blues by Albert Murray; Robin Kelley's biography of T. Monk
KILLER closing number on ! Bravo songwriters Shaiman & Whitman! Kudos cast, crew & production team! I'm addicted. See ya next year.
everyone go buy 's new song #turntoyou I guarantee everyone can relate to some part of it
RT if anything Michael Jackson makes you wanna dance.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!103
m dairy queen
i can officially breathe without my chest bubbling. ill take it!
Aww thanks, girl!! (: : Happy Birthday to !!!
Like i said i don't want another guy friend nor a girl friend..
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought #oomf was pronounced oomf and was so confused on what it meant
I was so nervous/distracted and my heart was racing so fast that I almost ran into someone.
Thank Ginsberg for ! The perfect antithesis to middle school teacher jingoism.
Trying to make it on time for a tech check for tonight's show. Living Consciously.
whoa! way to scared to click the lollipop.
"Bullies typically possess a Type A personality; they are competitive and appear driven, operating as they do from a sense of urgency."
i am off too the shower be back in 30 minutes :)
Can't wait for AEBP 2009: Lydia Guarino's tee-shirt design ROCKS! Save the date Nov 22 at the Mex Am Cultural Center
surprisingly it hasn't hit us yet, but the sky looks like it could open up any minute. Hope you have a good one!
I highly recommend it as well. It's pretty great.
Fast pace in Game 1 works to Celtics' advantage
Folks, I think that it's time to stop the war on Teachers and Education...
2morrow around noon ok?
LMAO Omg!!! best tweet
This is beginning to look less promising by the minute..
Good luck Lawrence :D
Not even watching the game but I know how big Lunqvist is coming up
nope theyre all alseep still...they were on him full swing last night tho, and i imagine all day day today, theyre going fishin
Happy March to those of you who are wondering what happened to February!
yes he does miss u....
hehehe no ure not check it when ya can hehehehe
i was writing so much with my pen that it only lasted me four days -.-
that raging moment when you want to change your URL on Tumblr but it's already taken
The best alera shelves is to adjust the spontaneity of kravet ceiling ...
Hm Who won today? COWBOYS! Bahaha(: You were too cocky(:
things.. It just sounds funny.
hope we lose <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Carbon, hydrogen, oxygen.
Putting on a vintage fair on Pittsburgh's North Side this summer - tweets to include vendor info/updates!
watch your tone of voice robyn..... dont get nasty
Sex. Summer. Us. Can't wait for summer 2012 :) no regrets.
Tom Sawyer currently playing in MSG. Ha
same here! I almost cried at school... But my friends an I are going to Detroit.
Bummed that I will miss tonight- too much to do, but will be at May tweetup for sure
Almost to 500 followers...thanks all of you for your support!
RT David Stern should have made World Peace change his name back to Ron Artest as punishment. 750am. LOL.
#sofiavergara on #SNL!! I still say yeah she's hot! Lmao!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>so sexy.
I was 35 moved to N california and realized many of my friends were Italian and some gay I just thought they were themselfs
It rains when you're here, and it rains when you're gone
you're awesome!!!!!
DOES ANYONE ELSE HAVE THERE PICTURE FOR THE VIDEO OR WANT TO BE IN IT?
Tha fuck they plowed these roads.
Well I'm not rich$$$ today YET I feel RICH in life...
The #loex2011 nacho bar was quite delicious. Happy Cinco de Mayo, LOEXers! If I'm to be up & at breakfast by 7:30, must get to sleep.
Sunday night at the Final Four. Jimmy Buffett at The Big Dance. KU & UK fans gettin' after it tonight. Great atmosphere.
I am Walter Joseph Kovaks ": btw who the heck is Walter ? Lol"
errands and such!
Go like Mariners!
Your cube now holds media Pizza on Wednesdays
We need to stage an intervention. Lol quit your twitter obssesion!
What happens if they stop fighting, join forces and start attacking humans? Are you prepared?
Senate defeats Blunt amendment, 51-48.
Master Series: "Re-imagining the Public Library in a Post-Recession Economy" starts at 12:30pm, DCC-Ballroom A2
I need to hold two pairs of foamposits for and I!!!
Congrats to Myung Urso for her 2011 Award of Excellence at the American Craft Show in Baltimore!
Hey beaitifuls! :) We were going to deliver some music but Saras sick! :( feel better girlie ! - Zaona
thank you I'm definitely going to set a reminder
WHAT No mail no UPS or FEDEX today for me....
yea what the bad news
the sun is perched at its highest peak
That's not how it really is. in fact, had to pick up 2 shifts on Hot 97 just to attend
Is the new Planet of the Apes movie a remake of a Planet of the Apes movie that has already been remade?
any of your travel friends have tips for moscow or st petersburg for ?
I am excited for your new wine system!
fall in love with someone who deserves your heart not someone who will play with it!!
that's what they all say when I walk by. ;)
Hey Mr Murphy.Had the great fortune of meeting you at the Charlotte Knights game. You are so gracious thanks for the autograph
Seeing a handful of flight delays, don't get stuck at the airport! Check status before you leave.
Echoed from Sidney Harman Hall via : Getting some culture with the fam watching pilabolous
We missed the memo!!
skatepark with my girls.
When your straightning the back of your hair and you grab your ear!
Seems that way; tho' in his case the force behind morality is not retribution but universal love regardless of (un)belief.
For the next two weeks its great America and luncheon. Swagg
... I was right by JoAnns when you were there!
yeah I am
I'm having one of those days where my middle finger is answering every question.
1 step forward, 5 back RT ": Latest numbers put National Debt at 101.7% of GDP. Latest Debt posting stands at $14.589-trillion”
totally inspiring.
Yep, looks like the "farmer's tan" made its 2012 debut today.
Secretly hoping they have Call Me Maybe in the karaoke books at #newfavoritesong #whereyouthinkyougoinbaby?
“: My 4 yr old: "will Kenny Cooper fall down at his new team?" #RCTID #Wisdomofbabes” Wont miss that.
Awesome Kay! Can't wait to meet him!!
Isn't everyone's inner monologue voiced by Owen Wilson?
Lunch with at Redneck Heaven.
Girl cat, so thin on love and barley. Basho haiku I can't get out of my mind. Reading Hardy's Return of the Native. Exotic and mystical.
that thing you use to knock bitches out in alley ways to rape them :X
I hate her eyebrow man. It bothers me!
Obviously we not winning the series..clearly it's about the way they played KNOWING they not gon win the series
November: a good time to think about starting/refreshing your small business Schedule an appt w/ a counselor at Bus Ownrshp Initiative
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!
great venues plus fab textiles/art and cheers to all those amazing artists too
Why do i keep having such horrible dreams :(
I spent all day Biggest Loser Resort in Malibu and it was AWESOME!!
why do i always burn my fingers with lighters...
{Shwanna is a ghetto name}
I'm trying to figure out who the female equivalent is. Julia Roberts?
Actually think I'm sitting this one out. Really happy with my fleet and the Pontiac styling. Should I lose one, though...
Did you get a high-tech Japanese toilet? Those things are awesome!
Boondocks is FN hilarious
So only 5 shutout frames for Suppan vs. #Brewers. Guess the city's safe.
#KravMaga at 10am tomorrow at East See you then.
Trust none bitch I dont
What happen to people being polite when they take orders!!! I should click but im going to be nice
Its so sunny, warm, and beautiful outside
So, Camille unfollowed me and followed me? Aw okay.
"When you're playing a game and other players armies roll into your territory, you're gonna get the point. the map is not the territory."
While waiting for a copy of the rough cut to compress, I'm reading "The Unconquered" by Scott Wallace. Love stories about the Amazon.
Your Welcome :)
Getting home from school and finding out your house is on fire <<
thanks for all of the enthusiastic tweets - we're so excited that everyone is enjoying OldSF as much as we enjoyed making it!
Dinner date with
Heading to Seattle tomorrow to attend #NFFTY2012! Excited to see everyone!
I will finally watch it tonight.
Idk what to do call my mom, dad or brother and see if everything is okay or just wait for them to call me, but I'm really worried
thanks again for telling us about brock nelson on the show last week you truly are one of hockeys best!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't sleep, but I'm watching a pretty good game though. Tottenham vs Swansea City
More delights from San Francisco's Fearless Chocolate: Exploding Coconuts & Super Seeds Crunch Hemp Chia Flax. 70% Cacao, raw & organic.
. not nachoy enough. I expected to be licking cheese dust off my fingers!
Happy blow shit up day!!!
Forget Regret. Saw this written in the cement on the sidewalk today...great advice =)
your account has been hacked!
Good morning :) How are you? :)
Who wants to take me to prom?
Follow our hosts and
Professional athletes are such babies.
It's the summer and I'm in the library studying...
please call 4692330513
I have no words for Just.. Never take him to the public while he's listening to music.
no more aps ! biggest relief evaaarrr
Do you think Charlotte has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
Congrats and welcome to the club. :)
I know.. I'm so happy tho at the same time
he better, or he will be getting slaps!!! for real tho, their so great, im literally going from the airport to the gaff!
Watching Obama at the town hall meeting in NH
dreading school tomorrow. :o
This 4-week season of Advent is a time of meditation/reflection, preparing for the coming of Jesus, ushering in a new heaven and earth.
"Ok, can I be completely honest? She looks like a burn victim..." Horrifically accurate. Rock on, friend.
he said Open Source is a spectrum from "can't do anything" to BSD. But Mike Mendez is presenting a more conventional view.
oh my god you have to go it's hysterical
there will be one coming soon! Stay tuned!
we look glorious!
I don't like chicken :) haha
On my way to south Carolina! #soexcited ! :D
Out to dinner with , it's a celebratory supper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
My new single "Skippin Rocks" was released to radio today! :)
jerk chicken?
I read your piece on ABC or I enjoyed your show on XYZ can be a great way to start a media pitch.
Such tragic news! I still can't believe it #IWillAlwaysLoveYou. R.I.P Whitney Houston
So were looking to get as many starving students as possible b4 we officially launch. Be the first to bid on jobs at www.workforbooks.com
I love the hatred when they haven't even practiced.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 52
do it or wait for $799 MacBook Air in 3Q12 ( Apple rumor ) and if it includes built in LTE it will really make for tough decision
" #toiletgirl" umm? Harry you're so special....
actually and I found some at local while we were picking up Seastack.
New single "Her Heart (Watch You Go)" comes out tomorrow! Super pumped people. Spread the word cause tomorrow, it goes down! Love ya! -RN
oh. it's you.
Today I will have coffee for the 1st time in 7 months! Up to take my lil bro to the airport! Daddydaycare starts when I get home!
I still love "ShareWithMe". Can't wait to hear more from you guys. (: You guys are awesome <3
um you need to be rooting for your future brother in law now!
Bahahaha fricken love you.. heeeheee. are you so excited to wear your couture dress to #vegas???
Someone's jealous.
The last song makes me want to have a relationship .. lbvs
Sorry, I didn't hear you, I was busy killing somebody. What was that?
freak out IN another coworker?
Are you covering ASU Men's basketball? Long season but I am still a HUGE FAN.
Waking up late tomorrow, THANK YOU LAWD.
He was amazing, more like Andy Kaufman standup, very surreal. Great book too. Favorite appendix: wines that taste like pencils.
The includes a key focus on serving communities
If someone wants to get me the be enchanted perfume from bath and body works I wouldn't complain <U+263A>
Several live dates will be announced shortly, including an advance release and launch party for our new album! www.facebook.com/hierosonic
Heartbreaker. Didn't play well in the last 5 mins. So u lose.
Audition tomorrow for #FocusRallyAmerica with and I can't wait to show them how awesome we are : )
Passed my drivers test ;))))
haha i just saw this today
aww thanks Veetz <U+263A> come to Chi soon, you owe me a white pants bar crawl
I'm in Boston tonight! Can you grab dinner? Would love to meet your sis too!!
I'm definitely interested in a new job in the pr industry. Can you please follow me so I can DM you?
I'm already excited. :-) Can't wait to hear some new music from you guys!
Thought Spoelstra was supposed 2 take hands off the wheel & let his athletes drive more? At least that was preseason narrative...
this is rachel - can't wait to see you !
do I get to meet you irl in #chicago ?
Nice night at the APA Heritage Ball. Nice to see old faces and meet new ones!
bro its been too long.
I really wanna update my #facebook banner to a pic of #Obama but I dont wanna isolate any of my fans with politics.
Be prepared for a cold day today!
Googling pictures of sinkholes this is what my Friday nights have become.
yea lets tweet bout geo now
#Raiders would have no chance with #JayCutler on the field!!
I love Tank new cd!!!
Mentioned the other day that I'm working on something new. Hoping I can share it tomorrow.
* content content content * adding quality, unique content to the conversations is essential.
its a great Tuesday. I'm off to the dentist with daughter No. 1
Fixed it. Thanks Internet!
will do. We'll wait until they are all hooked up and humming!
I need another look at the hack on Stafford
I hope there will be images of Thoronian artifacts included!
game overs all round? What you on about haha
Getting paid to watch Hop. It's an easy day at Afterschool :)
Im puting you on the block list
Awesome. 1469 State St. I told them I knew exactly who 2 tweet. They said they were "just waiting for city"...
Just punched writers block in the face and wrote a poem!! :D
36 days and I will be living in the Philippines
very nice. Just making sure I haven't crossed paths with you!
we'll be watching. Stay out of the heat. :)
thankks but im not playing im manger for the boys team(:
thanks for the quote for my NAGW preconf!
suck tha skin off my dick
Just added peanut and tree nut allergies to my toddlers egg and berry allergies. So frustrating!
Fuck all them mfs right now
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
I do feel like a fatass though. Eating hotdogs&chips while ppl pass my patio.. Running like good lil human beings! Haha
aww that sucks.. Hope u feel better
you light me UP
thanks for the mention :)
They spoke no more until camp was made
Industry Thursday with DJ Five tonight
Patron email quote of the day: "You still give the personal touch."
runnin on 4 hours of sleep. this should be interesting
I always get my dad books for Father's Day. I'm last-minute shopping. Any suggestions?
They do custom work, too! RT Just found awesome couches and fabrics at Traders Furniture Store in
“: When people walk out of your life, let them. You might miss them, but remember that you are not the one that gave up.”
I'm saying everyone that goes out this weekend wears a shirt that say creature. Well i will atleast :) see ya Saturday
Reminder. If your spill liquid into your MacBook Pro, Turn it off and don't think you can let it dry and turn it back on. Bring it us!
Girl yes! "Put the red bottoms here..." yadda, yadda, yadda!
I don't know Michael, Shadoe may have made a doubter out of me. What is jedi Gruber saying?
I got u cuz
Get cyber security insight at international conference June 6-7 in Philadelphia
Are the Nike #KyrieNeverStops ROY Tshirts a dig at ' 4th quarter absenteeism?
Welcome to Kansas City!
#sslive cubicles=communication. Closed offices=head down concentration.
Singing.. "Aint no stoppin us now... We're on the move!!" #oldsoul !!!
Dear Twitter (US): The release yesterday "My Head is an Animal" by "Of Monsters and Men" from Reykjavik is something really special.
Blasting One Direction<3
rock on brother!!
great info home workout and stretch for any age
Girl, OWN it. I love her
Good news IPhone Users!! Now that Instagram is on those horrid android- "Cinegram" is temporarily free!! Try it out and follow me!!
May the 4th be with you!! (I almost forgot :/)
Hope you enjoyed Tina Whittle's book. Let us know when the review is out. Thanks!
uh oh is right..
Ah fuck me I have to go to bullshit church tomorrow :/
Disruptions: Norelco on Takeoff? Fine. Kindle? No.
Can't follow Wtf
You never know! Thanks for spreading so much polar bear love!
I love waking up to throbbing pain in my mouth. Great start to vacation.
hard decision ..
why is everyone ignoring me, i talk but you never hear me. I text but you don't reply I wave, and it seems your blind. what more could I do?
who Yelps? I was invited to a Yelp party; I was dazzled by these savvy Yelpers! see my Yelp- www.helloiamjeff.yelp.com -add me as a friend
Fuck it, I'm not going to be sad. I don't have time to be sad in between being awesome.
RT : H&R Block has a cool chart on how to deal with happy or upset social media customers
#Reasonstolovetexas because its Texas. Enough said.
its a groggy monday - daylight savings time and i aren't in the same timezone yet!
“: Booty so round, waist so skinny..”that's you:)lol
Doing first Thursday today? Swing by afterward for some great happy hour deals and dancing.
Is anybody out there! RT Seriously, there is no phone service on this island!?
is this a quiz?
don't get crazy!!!
RT : Beers and smart people. Awesomesauce. #DevLearn (I think I just stumbled into heaven)
Ack! Still no important work-related email! How early is too early for a follow-up phone call?
It's all about the #Yankees today.
it's out! Go to my website and grab it I will link u when I get home
I'm a Southwest virgin, I totally don't understand their website. :-/
Last final of the semester is this afternoon. Also waiting on an important phone call. It's going to be a very long day.
Thanks for reading! Feel free to RT ;)
hahaha me too
YAAYYYY YOU FOLLOWED ME!!!:D Thank you!<3
Knowledge = power
If I don't do extremely well it definitely want be becuz I haven't studied.
Jealous hearts will leave us all in ruins
Can twitter be truly two-way messaging? I cannot established how to get 2 way communication.
lol I know you guys laugh all period >.<
Lets take a knee and pray tweople
#FF what's not to love? x
indeed! :) “: We are the VP of P for MT committee! ”
Why do old men always sit next to me on the bus? Never an attractive woman or friend from yester-year...lol.
we support it!!! :) Tonight at 11EST on !!!
jobs almost done and i am looking forword to another camping trip this one will be to lost lake and trout fishing
Thanks, the redirect for that old URL is now in place.
LOL, good luck to you with that one.
I agree
What I don't get is if 'we refused to run' you could possibly be chasing the sun.
sorry no food trucks today. Grab a delicious GUGS burger in Red Square.
I read the Healthy Ramen noodle recipe before bed last night & dreamt of Ramen! I've got to make this! Thanks for posting.
Creeper staches, outside of March, are creepy. Very creepy.
Awesome, thanks for the shout out! Glad to be apart of today's travel release!
Teenagers scare the living shit out of me. They could care less as long as someone will bleed.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all that I can?
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
PHILLIP FTW!
like a fish needs a bicycle
I'm about to throw my phone out the window
RT : MYC the place to B
Barry Diller says online video will continue to supplement pay-TV services, but will offer more a la carte options.
you look great. What are you doing to stay in shape?
#vaumc11 Brian B bringing a good word! Pointing out NO under 35 clergy even close to being elected to GC. There are some still on the ballot
If you own a PR firm, how can you let a media outlet hammer your firm twice over the same issue?
love the site, thanks for sending!
hey! This is a family show /cc
Someone fetch Blake a razor. Stat.
that's good and me too:) what's up?
Finally figured out how to connect the crack berry 2 tweet
Mine too. haha Should I keep going? xD
Sounds like fun to me :)
wedding this afternoon!
Alarm set for 8am.
It sounds like u mad but who cares if u pissed off. Str8 like dat mane.
I hope we continue to hold officials responsible after this case. Keep giving them hell when justice isn't served!
And the Starbucks glowed brightly like a beacon in the dark as the city still slept. No poet but swear it did! NOW ready to go!
Christians should let love guide your life Col. 3:14
ya some y is tht ur next cover???
Why NOT?!?!? Come on Eddie!
RT good luck . My man, the Law Dog. Will miss you in MN this time around. Max
Did you know Julian Hard Cider is brewed in Oregon?
exactly i dont have energy..
thank u xoxo
Congrats to all the graduates today! A degree well earned, now go forth and change the world
Katie: I'm an alien from Jupiter.
She's an arse. And an ass. It pains me to say so.
I swear we really are good people.
Join us at #Arnetic tonight in Deep Ellum at six and stick around for our good buddies #TonightTonight!
so premium is $1 more /month? Any chance youd want to give me some sort of discount or idk for being a loyal user for so long..
I tried so hard to get more $$ but they wouldn't give me any so I cant turn down my other scholarship ):
Walked in on Audrey in the bathroom. Woopsie
Someone's getting a new t-shirt!
girl i got an appointment may 7th for my rib cage, it'll be my 6th one
great camera work though!
They bothered to make those? RT I have a thing for sidearm throwers. This coming from the guy who had a Brian Shouse shirt.
Maybe about to go back outside with cola; idk
Packing to go stay at Kaylas before i go to texas(:
I often wonder why people 'accept' a job but don't 'accept' responsbility for that job #things on my mind
Believe it or not Obama missed winning his district in 2008 by 2% yet the DNC and VA Dems sent nothing in 2010.
Derek, you are very welcome. Have a great New Years as well.
Lunchtime get here already.
Nothing says "I can't wait to get out of here" like backing into a parking spot.
Joyful is the person who finds wisdom, the one who gains understanding. Proverbs 3:13
#puckandbecky are melting my heart tonight on #glee #gleeprom is a hit!!!
Nugent has a TV show? o_O WTF is up with that?
I can't wait to leave this class, so I can go eat. Lol.
Last nite was so fun... Vegas dnt owe me nothing lol
How you doing Suli? I love watching your vids. Such a positive and knowledage mind for such a young person! God bless.
buy me a drink in Dallas... then we can put at least two things on your list!
You do deserve props. If only for your dedicated documentation. Excited to see the unicorn soon.
if you didn't already heed my advice, I command you to turn on this game between UVA and s carolina #collegeworldseries on
Getting my Spanish on!
Nice to laugh to sleep w/
Joe Jonas, #YouWereCuteUntil LOL JK you were never cute.
thanks for the support
This midnight premier is gonna be sick!
Time to put in some work with
please follow she follow back !
Skinny dip on Miami beach nearly black out drunk, check.
Sent some music out, I like it. 1st version, I know where it can go...but, as is, it takes me somewhere good ....
Leaving the hotel and heading to the airport. Another successful #brewersfantasycamp in the books! .ext year '87 reunion, can't wait.
DJ Premier guest DJs @ Toca Tuesdays tomorrow night @ Sutra NYC! Celebrating our 3 year anniversary! Come through!
Nevermind! Not anymore!
Dorito creator dies. Family will add doritos to dirt covering casket.
The way you talk girl fireworks something like the fourth of july<3
We are re-upping all of our stock. We need to do a huge push. Something you have expertise in?
Rhymes...(hook) they should have killed me as a baby ©2012 by VeeJay
Sweet, where's home?
Watching Deadliest Catch with Viggle Tue | 6PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We hope all our wonderful friends, family, and fans have a safe and prosperous new year!
We need your support! Please follow us on Twitter and we will return the favor! Thx for supporting indie filmmaking
what time would IU play Sunday if it gets past UK?
Your welcome :) if i help you get followers do you think you can help me?
Get free promotion to your social networks. Never pay for promotion again! url on my profile. :) follow4follow?
Happy Mothers Day !
Were in sonar nasty contracts. If we can dip out in Gooden and get some picks in return. Sign Ersan and BJ to extensions.
+10 points, I just used "I reckon" in a sentence.
I'm fucking ditching man ! I don't wanna deal with other ignorant bitches today !
Yes, I would've thought that as well.
Oh and I'm crazy lucky to have and (and their couch) in my life!
WOW sometimes when your totally not expecting it just 4 minutes ago I got a call from the most unexpected person hum wonder what's up now...
Yo whats the happs with the party details this Friday at Velvet dog?
when yall gona strt the number one girl tour ?
hiddyho neighbor, yes we were at 607!
Decompressed, unplugged & restored tonite after long workday. 1/2 Dinner alone reading Brene Brown The Gifts of Imperfection.
Voting for RNG and Mos Wanted Crew 1680628365896251478547896 times
Repeating to myself that it's not worth getting into it with a rude, asshole, bitch, jackass, motherfucker patron.
This may be inappropriate but...I want to sex someone one last time before the New Year o_O #HowCome ? ... Shit
Rt if your a 2012 senior :)
every time I'm on twitter I always see you guys trending something worldwide!
I arrive Monday morning and leave Wed morning. Tuesday is Univision and Telemundo upfront.
We'd like to wish all of our Jewish friend a Happy Hanukkah!
On my way back home. Looking forward to a fun few days in WKY with some Madisonville peeps. Hit me up if you're in town.
sorry for your loss , lovee ya<3
When I'm in Canada I tell chicks that I'm friends with Corey Hart & they're like "Who's Corey Hart?" I've never gotten any pussy in Canada.
Not the library way. Just the Karla way. :)
i never thought i'd be in love like this
Happy Paczki Day! The kitchen here at Mueller is FULL of the delicious Polish doughnuts!
Aw the hookah people left!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Back to work. Good thing I've been starving the minions...all the better to attack angry citizens. Bwahaha
Come out to the Vagabond Cafe tonight from 8-11! We'll be partying it up with some live singing, and $4 drink specials! No Cover!!
Did #usher write that Bieber song?
thanks again for coming, Wendy!
Our Hosts Niqui Love & Moses Munoz are a perfect combination for the AxeOff USA. We will have a long relationship guys! Mike Ladd CEO
hahaha Damn not all of us can look like Drizzy with a fresh cut all the time.
its not 11:11 but I still wish you'd tweet me :(
Papelbon jeans, boots wit da fur.
Got some BIG THINGS happening in 2012 stay TUNE! $$$$
RT : Advice: How to be a happy mom: They are generally more forgiving and helpful, have better self-control and are m......
I hate this house.
I can't wait till next season! Who is Quinn dammit!?!
you get out of school at a random time. 2:54.
I think it's because the explainers fail to present FP constructs as a (better) solution to a problem
Just in: Mowie Wowie and Chocolate Chunk!
For blog, create a page and select "Blog" from the template dropdown on the edit page screen ...
Well, her heroes are those hack reality stars like that Bethanny troll and Kim K.
Ilasco of Anthilogy: We're trying to be reader supported. $12 per issue; $38 for year subscription. Only take 8 ads per mag.
I find a bit of sick pleasure in holding the door for people that are still far away to force them into an awkward run.
Apparently I have 12 absences in my first period and 7 in my other classes. EXPLAIN THIS TO ME. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hey can we pretend that convo never happened and become friends?
<- her tummy hurts :(
Wild pitch by A's Cahill sends Fukudome to third with two outs in the inning
Lunchtime! Then I'll come back n finish my movie....TTYL
OMG OMG OMG I LOVE CHOCOLATE :D
Great baseball lesson to finish the day!
blah...I'm already on my way to work
That's awesome
": "It's kind of fun to do the impossible." -Walt Disney"
wow you have a big library! Great idea. I have a library video, but I never thought of putting it on my website. Great for Sept!
An explosive device @ City Hall???
* got alot of shit on my mind .
defensively yes, offensively they've done nothing to improve the team through FA and Draft other than Holmes and Hill is a rookie
I post reviews:)
thanks Jeffrey! Lots of experience. A great read is Who Says Elephants Can't Dance! Email me and I'll send a culture wksht
I'm so fuckin angry right now. Fuck man. Fuuuuuuucccckkkkkk.
ooooohh yes yeah :)
It's FIERCE FRIDAY Today at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio come in and receive our Fierce Friday Lash & Brow Special
YOU FUCK UP WEN U LET ANOTHER NIGGA MAKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND SMILE
wanna not.
Maybe T will even get to see you while in town, huh? LOL
If anyone wants to bet on the Lakers for this OKC series...I will gladly take your money.
Melo is Paul Pierce 2.0. He won't win u a championship but he can play a crucial role once Knicks have their KG & Ray Allen
jacked after seeing #sourcecode again. Fun day rollercoastering, great news re: data recovery, golf w/ grampa tomorrow. Good times
I'd predict yes, especially if you're bold enough to identify only by look/smell. (though I'm sure there is a label market)
Thanks for the mention. Let me know if you're still looking for people to speak with - I'm glad to help out.
Such a nice line by J.M. Barrie on
Time for some religious humor: RT How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
I thought that at least they would let them win the foot volley game but I think that Q of M cheated
not many of us who are fans of both!!
They talk shit about one person, and then they over there sucking their dick
anything good on tap?
thanks!! i was trying to figure out the difference during the oscars but couldnt decide if there was one. :D
RT : "Don't look to become a person of success, look instead to become a person of Value."
Shrimp then sausage and cheese
Im dead , i walked past Abercrombie and there were models *_*
thank you so much!
We love you and Lamar. You can move to Miami!
U miss your friends not? :(
all in 4 inch heels! ;)
Bye bye Mancini?
Now I'm very tired
Tomorrow I won't be so socially inept
Ppl say its harder being solo then in a group we beg to differ, One person alone fight there own demons 3 ppl together fights 6+
Hello new followers !
Aw! Thank you. I'm pretty excited about it. Just have to stop over editing! Best of luck to you. If you need help, just reach out
lol, ok fine. I miss you! Are you around at all tues? I might have some lemon lavender cake balls for you....
your the one who doesn't believe in jesus!
I was near there last night! :( guess you guys just need to come to indiana!
I'm noticing most ppl are like that.
had a great time filming a Pepsi/Doritos Commercial today!!!
seriously one of my favorite new shows the camera work is amazing and superbly produced high definition heaven
Strap on those fucking garish counterfeit white rimmed Ray Bans on your sexy silhouetted face: It’s time to jump in ...
Ron Paul looks unhealthy.
then id probably faint:L
I was really excited about the Black Friday pepper spray lady until I found out that she was just tying to get more stuff for herself.
I'm going to the game! :)
are you guys playing a show with one step away this month?
watch Downton Abbey
Bourbon in the glass, rib-eyes in the marinade, camera prepped for experimental fish-eye star trail shots, guests on the way.
Last day of school tomorrow
I showed the UM Phil Dept's website as part of an Info Studies assignment today, they were impressed by your twitter feed :)
I think #Shaq looks about a pound lighter...lol Good job guys. :D
Definitely worth it.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
at least stephen doesnt hide it. Bron is a fraud > “: Who's receding hair line is worse? Stephen A Smith or Lebron?”
Correction shoulders and
Did I really just hear an amber alert for a Matthew Matthew Johnson?
Rediculous, why are you even reporting this? This is tabloid, not football.
So yeah, I like to sit on strangers until they fall asleep and then have sex with them. That way I can imagine that I'm masturbating.
I miss ur smile, ur laugh, when u called me every day to see how i am. I miss u </3 ;(
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who will not give up on me.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
never mind I should have waited. I get it.
Thunderstorms, perfect way to fall asleep.
hahahahaha LOVE it. Sneak on facebook and upload :)
Few things are as enlightening as a reality check on a Sunday
RT : Happy St. Patrick's Day. Bang someone.
If you wear a shirt for a certain jeans company, shouldn't your jeans actually be from that company?
you're on your shit then! lol um, lots of tanning, swimming, and i think a few road trips are in my near future :D you?
Trying to cut me down to your size, I'm trying to make you see life through my eyes.
Talking about covering speakers? I had to cover up the speaker on the game Lucky Ducks because its so damn loud
RT : DB Drayton Florence agreed to terms w #Broncos, expected to finalize it today
Doing boring homework:( while listening to IM5 ! :D
Welcome back!
Awesome:) Oh yeah, & I was going to say, hope you're doing okay, even though your day hasn't been the best it seems.
What on earth is skyrim?
good day spent with muh bestie :')
": ijust noticed how ugly saggy titties are tho ... gross >.<" saggy better than none! >.<
Inquiring minds want to know :) What is your biggest challenge in growing your business? Really!
Can U Please Talk 2 Me So I Can Get 2 Know Instead Of Me Just Knowing Ur Beautiful And Sweet Please Reply.
not until after the new year!
Also, I have 2 hounds for sale RT I got all excited when I remembered I had cereal & found we had no milk hates me
Congratulations to all of the students graduationg today!!!!! You made it!!!! Go Bulls!!!!
Sorry about that Correction tweeted.
Lisa, it was so great meeting you in person after all this time! And we loved your city.
any word on whether Molia will be suspended for his crazy tirade last night?
At T-ball practice with T on a gorgeous sunny day. I forgot to bring water and hand sanitizer (only bathroom is porta-potty). Mom fail.
yooo bring id
thug ass taylor
Ohjeez why did they make Hannah & Sammy to a duet…yeah I just got around to watching this episode
He clearly tripped... Lyin thru my teeth but thats what Im goin with RT how bout your boy Rondo and his chest bump
It may hurt but I luv it! Last nite we could feel her little bony foot - she was pushing so hard against my belly.
of course they let u special order; YOU'RE PAULA ABDUL!! <3 u!
sometimes you remember actual events as dreams
cause you're weird kid
you're trying to buy some?
Anyone who has purchased orders within the last week from us, your orders will be shipped this tuesday. Aka the day I get home! Sorry every1
That was amazing with Ichico on WHVW 950 Radio Station, now on my way to K104.7 for another show with Dj Scotty Mac!
Enjoy your #manicmonday you twits. (; Shout out to those new followers! :
nursing a raging sore throat and catching up on emails
What song you listening to at the moment? Any #dirtywork ? That Girl #np <3
hey man, you connect with over the weekend?
It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all
The #'s are Devastating: 1 in 88 children in the U.S. Join us in the fight against Autism.
What's this called? Cake? Nom nom nom “: Hot pockets...”
Lost can be fun :) but I've no real direction presently. I'm utterly living moment to moment.
Is it just me or is it ironic that "Ad Cock Pecans and Peanuts" is right next to an Adult superstore? Hmm..
Don't deify Amy Winehouse like sheep helping the industry to sell her catalog.Plenty of non-sellout unselfish female artist w/talent exist4u
How #Marquette players get ticketed for being at a nightclub???? I've never heard of someone in #Milwaukee being ticketed for that reason
You make me nervous. I take it my life on the weekend as I know it is over?
"You must be this high to ride the ride"-written over headboard This is an unfollow test. My dwarf character worries tiny ladies could fall
"RevRunWisdom: Ppl will only try to bring u DOWN becuz ur up so HIGH they can't see u! #truestory"
#schoolmemories sitting at the blue crayon table and lying my way out of getting in trouble in kindergarten <U+270C>
Been awhile..How are ya?
Bron is killing right now
Ink smears, as thoughts sometimes do. - Terri Guillemets
REDRUM----too funny!!!!! That was a good movie!! (i know i know..i am showing my age! Lol!)
I was thinking the same thing....
Also only paper that didn't endorse Fenty “, on Current newspapers for endorsement weirdness
That's great to hear Janelle! “: Going 2 my workout now with . It is my sanity hour - I am loving it more
aw. :( that sucks. but we'll go see whatever team she's with when they come to chicago :)
welcome Mrs Strider, MSN, MBA, Ed, RN as our new Dean of Nursing
BTW thanks for being one of my favorite Wildcats of all time!
highly disappointing
#45 123111901182+ because I call you like this! haha :D
Attending the #unitedway Public Policy briefing.
thanks for the retweet! Your project sounds really cool - heard about it first via
Notable Birthdays: Robert Fripp, Richard Page, Pierce Bronson, Debra Winger, Boyd Tinsley, Krist Novoselic.
you'll have to let me know if this works - sounds like a perfect plan!
My pleasure!
#sadfact I care more about clothing than I should
Getting an early start this morning. We'll see what the day brings.
That's right, screw Florida.
Time is running out! Reminder, first 100 people to register for a beta Simplee account are in! Code: TRYSIMPLEE
going to florida with isabel on the 24th! cant wait!
Sippin on Ice House & I'm High as Fuck
yeah i stay up late toi
idk i might! haha i'm thinking about doing thaattt!
nice photos from OCC concert (I posted some to my FB page;great to connect w you in the "virtual world".Tell Jacob I said hi
what is the HP Umpire saying for his strike call?
can't wait! but will have to watch on DVR tomorrow. Fringe: The NEW Saturday morning TV
Mini cucumbers.
haha k. thought i was missing something good.
did you know when you put your first and last name togethor it spells Donut?! Ha :)
well, nonetheless, it looks like that instructional technology IG is good to go, thanks for your signature :)
I think if we (dads) attended either one it would be a blast. Right?
Great job Soho House New York on a great restaurant design re-do. Style and comfort hit all the marks.
Huh, weird. Because I liked the Evil Dead, Fargo and A Clockwork Orange, Netflix recommends the Kids in the Hall. Chicken Lady Venn diagram?
Rep Velazquez proposes amendment to HR 1070 to expand #RegulationA to SBICs - agrees with SEC's objection
Lovin' all the RT's!!! Always remember to
Car accident happened at just the wrong time. Such a damper on holiday shopping budget!
It's a lovely day here in Indy, but the change in temperature has caused me to have major allergy problems.
No, but I will check it out!
If you mess up a bowl of cereal, yo'ass can't cook!
However you wanna phrase it. Gretzky and Lemieux don't play any more, so it's not really worth bringing them up.
That was a terrible joke...but I just won a WToD
What we do today, right now, Will have an accumulated effect on all our tomorrows.
HAS HE BROUGHT OUT THE PIZZA GUITAR?!?!?!
Time to get up and start my day! Have a great day its friday whoo!!!
haven't seen you on spreecast in a while...got anything planned?
If I dnt speak to you tomorrow you know wht it is !
not that I'd be surprised if that was truly the storyline ;-)
hooray for getting over a cold! I just over one a few days ago >.< just be sure to eat something so your tummy doesn't get m ...
Photoshoot, church, & now family dinner
Keynote Speaker George Dyson: Remembering Alan Turing, John von Neumann at
Let's just get to 8 and 8.
Can I switch from my 4g t-bolt to a 3g phone & keep my 4g data and plan the same so I can switch back?
A couple of new #senior alerts for current #identifytheft #scams... callers are now calling seniors to let them know they've been selected
Macaroons are for gurls only! There is no masculine way to eat a macaroon. ;-D
It feels like a
seems like you get vacation every other week!
who #jah bless NO MAN CURSE!
im a hard hard worker and i'm savin' all my pay- if I ever get some money for the wait- i'm going to take it all out and celebrate
You will be missed!
HAHA yeah, that's obnoxious. What is wrong with people?
professionals who keep track of all their stuff!!! So are you sure you have three weeks to get all that stuff done? You have got
A very Happy Birthday to you - hope you have a beautiful day with your amazing family! Enjoy!!
[Welcome New Member]The Pikes Peak or Rodeo Website is open for busine...
Hahah omg I love that movie, that's the movie I saw when Austin was sitting right behind me<3
I've been rationing it carefully, but tonight I enjoyed the last of the ice wine from Toronto. Decorating the tree was the perfect occasion.
Kids were a lil slow this a.m I popped n G1C cranked up & bumped r way 2 school great 2c kids dancin n the door!
Thanks for the follow Allie!
how did u guys do good i hope
"got a sign on ma vajayjay that says "big dicks only""- lmfao
#JayZSyncShow #whatmorecanisay is what he should open up with
Congrats for your IPO today
Allergy treatments continued - Neti pots, saline eye washes, hypo-allergenic soap and detergent
Follow Cuz Its Almost Her Birthday...She Wants You To Follow Her For Her Birthday(:
Somebody.made a comment abt me tht really made me smile and feel proud today
Specializing in DJ/VJ/KJ/MC, live bands/ensembles (Jazz, Swing, Ballads, Latin, Punk etc..), live sound, music production and recording.
When your dad makes you run your little brothers around all freaking week...if youre gonna treat me like a taxi driver, pay me like one too.
I can't wait to fuxk
I know what grade im in i just dk if I told yuh
I need a dress to wear to a wedding in two weeks. 3:00 ceremony, 5:00 reception in Annapolis.
it would be so easy. That is how I see them everyday of my life.
Steve Blake played good defense there, too.
o we're ready! It'll be a great game!
is the singer who sing " rolling in the deep"? I love this song!
I hope everyone is having a great morning and is going to get in some killer workouts today!!!
it looks like a penis omg
For juggling? :-D cc:
We saw the Jaws ride news on Facebook. It was posted by the "official" Jaws page.
:* I'm old been doing it for like 20 years. It's my special talent.
This is my other identity please jump in and follow. It's for THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
So basically my professor lost my mid-term and now is trying to say that I didn't take it...super pissed right now
#TGIF up at Tailgator's for a cold one.
Thank you! I love hearing that. :)
Organize your tool box with this home tip: place a magnet with your small screws in a toolbox to help keep them together.
#ObamaForgot No matter what he do or say CONGRESS run &!#*
Big stuff going on!! Looks like we found a NEW place in San Antonio next to the airport. Stay tune for more details..... 877-527-5737
you're a goofy goober yeah!!
hell yea .. Got another little shorty today ctfu
UD will be closed Monday for the Memorial Day holiday. Enjoy!
Can hardly control my excitement for #TheHungerGames tonight with first a little Hip Hop Bingo with
Becoming TOTALLY OBSESSED with steampunk. Seriously, I think I might just die of inspiration over this.
Hello? Stock markets are just giant betting pools; the steep declines mean that gamblers—sorry, *investors*—are betting on the other team.
Tell me... Who is your favorite rock band of the 70's ?
Unreal. I tried to find the Chris Walken intro from SNL but I couldn't So I'll just say it....Ladies and Gentlemen The Foo Fightas
follow me Keno
all my followers should add or subscribe to me on facebook Devin Matthew Holbert i will accept anyones friend request....
My Helicopter is Awesome
this is so sad girl, are u kiddin?
We are not going to be privy to this information I take it?
I really need to run but to lazy how is it I can take the dog for 2 walks but am to lazy to run
It's never too late!
Ha. Yup. You called it!
"Let my meat cook good and well." - Dude ordering a sandwich, in public!
New passport arrived yesterday. Operation Dominican Republic is a go.
true story! smart people + a great party= deals getting done (magically, and organically!)
It has to be stadium sauce!
and now it IS Friday! Trek up to B'more and the beer is on us.
RT : If I'm reading this right,if you take every 17th letter of Gillis' statement so far, it spells "We're getting Weber"
I Know It Aint Ya First But Its Better Than Ya Last
<U+FFFD>As social media, or whatever you want to label it, becomes more prevalent, there will be blunders
That awkward Moment when you call your teacher Mom...
hot damn haha. I usually finish last in bowl pics
"Screw Folgers, the best part of waking up is knowing I survived last night's drinking.” tonight
My biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.
Any landscape is composed not only of what lies before our eyes but what lies within our heads. – D.W. Meinig
Poor haha is taking over NYC!!!!
Hey :D
Happy B'day!! I'm rocking out with my 4 yr old boy to my Pink vinyl of "Beauty and the Beat" in honor of your day!
That was a less than impressive power play for the #Pens. Trying to feed Malkin too much.
what they say?
sadly, it seems like that always works.
Roses are red. Nuts are round. skirts go up. Panties go down. Belly to belly. Skin to skin. When it's stiff, stick it in.
First day of work in 2012 - no heat and sporadic internet. Not a great way to start the year. Today is another day! Hopefully better!
awesome, this bldg. is great! And what cool neighbors--nice!
How to work this
(x_x) lets see who bites my new trend settin as 4 2k12
I'm thinking broken nose just so I'm in the er all night
Follow & if you want some production get it while it's cheap
Yeah baby!
leaving my house now boys
I hate school.
it wouldn't go thru there other email I could use?
I love when people just assume things without knowing the whole story tho :/
i always do! , plus i am in studyhall
Everybody loves Raymond
Con't - Transformers 3 and that Spielberg movie Super 8. I am betting on the ladder. Spielberg has never disappointed! -
The Sad Facts of Life
as much as I wanted school to start... I miss my jazz!!!!!!!!!
Nice am waiting and will send more questions later
My Grandmom is back I kinda missed her lol
I'm trying to place my order, but it keeps telling me me zip code its wrong! I want my Y&R!!!
TIMEOUT EARL TIMEOUT
Had so much fun last night at the event "Zootini" Perfect ladies night with friends!
the chance you will actaully read this and respond back are slim to none, but the chances that you will seem better anyways!
health care practitioners: I would like to come and give a detox talk to your patients! Please contact me
I love the idea as well. Only thought is it should be a double header next year with 2 service academies opening.
Going to a thing where I have to dress nice. This kitty is gonna be a dress. Such a rarity. Picture soon
that just sounds awesome haha
ha ha! No its not! #dedicate yourself!
easy with that JUCO stuff bro lol
Up early worried about my grandma.
oh that car is so cute(;
a nigga almost there
I loved so I hope he doesn't stop singing! <3
Crazy day, right ?
Holy shit the Prometheus trailer looks amazing. I have to not get too excited. I always get disappointed.
Walking after you eat... Not a good idea
He Do Not Listen At All Smh
Setting up the Causality booth at The Washington State Nonprofit Conference...with coffee in hand.
Remember that little film called #Avatar? Disney buys up the rights to create Themed attractions in their parks.
#RIPWhitneyHouston "You're good enough" You'll be loved & treasured forever
Take some time to learn about all the Alper JCC has to offer—there's a program here for everyone!
For simplicity on this side of complexity, I would not give a fig. For the simplicity on the other side of complexity, I would give my life.
you looked great last night!
Allergies r killen me right now!.
Awesome, Maniac Cop is one of my favorites as well!
Happy Puppy Bowl Sunday to all Americans and your pets!
Nothing says "get the fuck out" quite like when someone starts vacuuming the entire floor except the small space where you're standing.
I haven't stopped smiling since this morning.
The new weekday is coming. May the coming New Day bring you joy, love and peace. #backtoschool deals are available in
/ #adaywelllived is all about being present, good or bad. I was present.
"The Artist" is this year's "Shakespeare in Love." In 2-3 years, we'll all be saying 'What were we thinking?'
When are we going channel cat fishing on the Wisconsin?
i'm still baffled that fox is allowed to put their lies on display as fact. HOW IS THAT RESPONSIBLE??
going to get my hair and nails done. It's good to be a girl
Lol fuck this. I can't ever sleep in this fucking room.
Who doesn't get tired? Nobody does. Everybody gets tired at one point but should we stop? We shouldn't, unless it's not worth fighting for.
Pay attention people, THAT is how you do a #halftime show.
what got u so wide awake
Aww, shucks! We wish you could have made it, too. How was #WestSideStory?
CPC 14000 at dinner break - I cant-get-no-chippie-action
People kill me with these tweets they call #random. Isn't Twitter about speaking your mind to whoever us listening?
Received a Facebook friend request from a drag queen named "Pickles Flambe." I love my life.
*Looks around, Missing *
=] following back
Any suggestions for dealing with a strained, maybe torn, calf muscle?
UTSA fouls on the in bounds, McNeese at the ft line...
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
stick in the brown ale
2 Pac Life Goes On
Save the Date! April 19th on NBC's watch an inspiring story featuring our patients attending a prom for kids with cancer.
my boyfriend lives in Texas.
Hupy & Abraham's Watch for Motorcycles message began airing 3/12. Watch for contests to win prizes while spreading the awareness message.
bought a load of vitamins today, omega 3 and glucosamine, im good for a few months.
Rush Limbaugh does not understand international finance.
I miss how we used to be. I just want to talk to you so bad, but I'm scared to tell you how I feel.
I don't care what your race is, sexual orientation, wealth, status, age, skinny or fat. If you want to be my friend.. I'll be your friend.
make those people pay extra for the service charge!!
“: Oh. And my Patriots won yesterday! #teampatriots” go patriots!!
This MySQL lecture might kill me. Or should I say SELECT * FROM death.
you will be in Chicago this Friday so Excited love you mama
agree, esp. bc when FLA played OSU nobody gave MICH the chance for rematch, they lost to #1 and Gators lost by 10 to Auburn
was walking his dog in #Boston & I overheard this other guy saying how happy he was that the game got canceled. NESN ratings:(
Leaving Chicago with a head full of ideas. Thanks
Trivia time folks! In which state is a state highway named after me? What town is his birthplace museum located?
Visited grandma today. Found picture of grandpa with his "best friend" circa 1935. Make sure you read the photo comments...
studying logic at the blind pig w/ a duchess and an amazing pianist waxing jazzmatic. good subject, good beer, good jazz
Right now #weather maps are showing a high of 87 on mothers day for the #PDX area!!!
Two and half men is so damn funny!
i just watched you sing think of me on seths chatterbox and i have goosebumps!! Your like the best singer ive ever heard <3
F**k you I'm going to sleep
out of curiosity, are you wanting to be a published author someday? x
i talk to you later cause my mom said i cant be on now!:p bye!:)
Wow so many followers in such a short time
It's not WHAT you said, but the WAY you said it.
RT Preciate ya support pimp! >>: Listening to on
Gonna try this gym thing...I hear they help you stay in shape
what's your blog again? my friend is getting into gardening and she needs some resources.
Thanks for posting this. I saw it a long time ago. Great shot.
same here usually. experience tells me that you are just gunna get in trouble much after that.
Ilgauskas probably shouldn't even be the rotation. I'm not sure his health or spot is to important at this point.
#ThisYear i will try not to have any fights
This.RT : It seems the older you get, the unhappier you get.
ok great! I want to have everything in order. :-)
DON'T FOCUS ON THEM JUSTIN YOU HAVE PLENTY OF FANS WHO LOVE YOU DONT FOCUS ON THE ONES WHO DON'T.
#theresnothingilovemorethan watching movies :)
I'm turning into a groupie... lol no homo tho I just love HipHop
You know me den yu know i work hard on my off days
yeah, shaken up but ok. Thx
Yay! Didn't have to go to school today! I had a GREAT time just relaxing. I want more days like this to be away from school and everybody!:)
I'm taking egg drop soup for my lunch tomorrow. ^__^
The Savini Effect strikes again! The band performs at 10:30 before the Friday showing of THE BEYOND!
Missing you too Talia! Sorry that I'm not on a lot anymore :( xo<U+2665>
Watching some cheesy vids in preservation for my Preservation course!
Still time! Or come next week with me and
that song and acoustic ep is the only songs i listen to for now(: oh and i should've kissed u
Come get our Lasagna for dinner tonight! It's made with ricotta soprafino, mozzarella, provolone, & our home-made "smashed" sauce!
we do.
Why she be tryin to put me on blast #BLOCK?
Hungry as fawk! Any suggestions?
Chen Guangcheng looks like a Bond villian.
I'll take my 4th of July fireworks in homerun celebrations, thanks.
I gotta get to the paper. Even in the dark ima shine so bright!!! You know it going down
Another great day at the shop! Gotta love Fridays
Wondering how is doing.
Liam's accent >>
Everyone Follow The lady is totally on fire and seems to be wey groovy!
Well...not really enjoying but, I don't fucking know. Using it while I can?
"propose it, fund it, code it, test it, document it" - Go Koha!
Looking forward to a year from now when we will be tweeting about non stop before opener.
that's awesome. Looking forward to meeting you.
Those are the BEST books :)
Don't listen to the people saying your songs suck on Femme Fatale, if anything they're the best. :)
i want to meet my twin flame. thats going to be amazing
It's sitting on my bookshelf, bought it a few months ago. This is getting weird...
Knicks cannot and will not win a game. The NBA Refs will not allow it, it seems
I wonder how many people this goes to.
got you locked in...
When the weather is like this, all I want to do is listen to Pole and knit.
Thanks for the #FF nods!
thank you
Goodbye El Paso! Until next time...
You only encounter resistance if you're going towards something
And thanks for the feedback, missy. How's the term wrapping up for you?
Just started reading a horribly written book. Must read some Dickens or Wallace Stevens to make up for it.
That kid on the cover of Time is way too old to be doing that... or way too young.
I almost entered into a heated exchange just now and I too forgot to eat. Also like last February.
Sitting at your desk all day? Take this moment to stand up, stretch and walk around.
stinky ;p
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND!
What type of work?
new #job, I'm looking for an #iOS senior developer in #408 hot start-up in series A funding
Walmart has a dunking booth!:D Allissa's gunna dunk me. OneAndOnly<3
Love does not pass.
It's better to have 4 quarters than 100 pennies
Just saw the coolest diagram: Public floating school, Baltimore. Yes, it's a school on a boat.
no it's an example of a logo
"Elementary my dear Watson" > C.J. Watson
": #CIAWOF The Greek terms for greens is horta, which can refer to leafy greens as well as herbs."good to know
28 IM MISS YOU
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort."
RT : sorry, when was the. cut off date for making history?
I have not tweeted today. Ok.
Finally starting feel better after wkend in the hospital/surgery best nurse ever & gets man of the year award 4 this one ;)
Miller is really at the forefront of "getting drinker faster" innovation.
Working is such a drag. Why can't I be like the other Persian princesses in Beverly Hills that have money and like a rich daddy?
I'm fascinated by most rednecks, actually.
We just received our very first order from Ireland!! Great start for the week!! RT
"He got caught riding almost 30"! Yo, if Whitlock is on I'm watching
I KNEW the last crawl was missing something. A theme song. Obviously.
Time to play your favorite record/CD/casette/8 Track! CRANK IT UP!
. is my comic book store guy, but for music and YA fic.
the text I just got HAHAHAHAHA never in a million years!
Someone talk to me please? My buddy left. :(
Think like a man was to funny.. watched it and spent the wholleee day with. .. wonderful day it was
omg that's hard!!!! It like saying “Louis or Liam” lol
Chelsea win 3 games in a row in 3 different competitions under new manager RDM. We are back in business. :-D
hm experiments?
I can promote this for you to over 10k followers 4 tweets a day for 7 days for only $25 Let me know! I can start today.
I. Hate. Huskies. Go Green.
They get so much $$ from the big businesses & owe them not us. They have forgotten they are there to work for us. SAD
Thanks Jennie - I'll reach out!
5 more LIKES until we give away a free pair of denim!!
Ditto! Table for 35 for lunch ? :)
who does it remind you of? ;)
where the eff are you!!!! #nobodyshome #:-(
Marriage and Family Therapists Convention on March 4th and 5th - come by and say hi.
3rd WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 9...EAGLES/COWBOYS #TAKETHEOVER (50)...BATTLE OF THE GUNSLINGERS...BOTH TEAMS QUICK TO ABORT RUN GAME
thanks. unfortunately im severely restricted by the pre-made themes so can't control the black banner :(
yes, see you tomorrow!
Profs wnt bks they own digitized but don't want to use thr copy: makes sense if they're teaching a course w/that bk rght now
so you have dreams of him singing to you LOL
RT : I'm LIVE!!! on www.hooahradio.com - bridging the gap between our deployed Heroes and their families back hom… (cont)...
The countdown is on: 1 month 20 days till the Brantley Gilbert concert in Lexington, KY super excited about that :D
bring it!
Hey John, guess who's on here, your 2nd cousin Bri... Have a great night!
still need to see Cabin
Teen Wolf Season 2 June 3rd... LETS GO!!
My Christmas present to myself this year? Why, on Broadway, of course!
Constant Frustration, stimmin from a no end situation, Rushin Lustin fornication, adding to the complication,
Can't you just use a remote proxy? (I've heard rumors of people doing that with Netflix)
Yup. It's hard to watch after Bulls game. : ill see how late I stay up for this hawks game
tell him I said wassup cause I knw you prolly on the phone wit him ryte now,
I shall c what I can do :))
Didja try ? Delicious!
Any Underwriters out there in the mortgage industry! Long term contract position. Dallas TX send resume to
Thanks for the mention! Nice tone to your post as well.
thanks sweet girl!!! :)
That still counts!
A recent police study found that you’re much more likely to get shot by a fat cop if you run.-Dennis Miller
Watching "Air Force One" w/ rogue Secret Service agent. Not the best timing, but it gives u pause that Secret Service could be corrupt!
Great article, Peter! Thank you!
im workin on it! eek im soo excited. hahah
yeah they are!
Whew! That was a busy holiday season. Happy new year to everyone! We are back from vacation! p.s. The
RT : My penis is friendly WOW! That's awesome. Best. tweet. ever.
I wish every week was nationals on
Stoner Couture is looking for distributors. Come join our team and help market our brand. Contact me at for info
Dogfish Head Beer Dinner 1 week away!
damn. It's a thanksgiving day potter marathon!
Will there ever be an end to music?
Wow another great interview w/ #UltraViolet & her experiences with #AndyWarhol & #SalvadorDali. Cant wait to share this story w/ everyone!
you know what?
BOTH of their touchdowns came almost directly after awful calls by the ref. Unreal.
Nowadays the #greatdepression would be referred to as The Epic Depression. IT'S 2k11 BABY!!!!
Then we discovered we had a blender, rum, and a variety of fruit juices...our first overcast, rainy day..
Stressed spelled backwards is desserts.
She earned it! (Colorado Springs road trip sealing the deal as biggest #RITHocky fan! :-) But will share: DM e-mail
Just saw Wayne Newton's private jet... In his backyard WTF!
I wish Caddyshack never happened. There, I said it.
yeah when I hung out with chris In his bus. He showed me his jar of weed. But that doesn't really harm you, does it?
The cure for America's corruption begins with four simple words, "Jesus, be my Savior."
My timing was pretty deliberate to ensure uninterrupted health insurance. :-)
Just stop.
Back to work i go!
Excited to check out the Helmut Newton Exhibition in Paris on Friday. I know he's one ofyour inspirations.
Coming home? Pinky promise?
Got my moms gift ! :)
This time around I'm not going to allow you to piss me off I'll just get even !!
Omg I feel like listening to maroon 5
That's right girl... flip that neg energy:)! Merry Christmas mamaz:)!
You Just Did It Again, #Smh .
Good question. Actually, trans refers to the active form. Resveratrol is typically part trans and part sys (the inactive form).
Sunday! Come see and more at The Pike Room! $10 tickets!
and there are so many of them this time of year!
Alright Q2 up next -- off to an awesome start!
I wish you'd be there for me like u promised...
I got my phone back!! what I toll you is truer
is my sweetheart<3
We can't wait to see you and at the event.
What do y'all think of us bringing in Tim Tebow. All he does is win!
Oops. I didn't make it public. Try now.
Sad week, we lost #DickClark, #JonathanFrid & #LevonHelm. RIP dear gentlemen.
how was your Christmas eve?
I have no clue I gotta talk to my gma about it but ill let you know!
Berger's are so delicious! And come in lemon sometimes now too!
(days later) Yes! Soon!
John Paul "JP" Jones the Propmaster
Has anyone out there ever tried Joli OS? What did you think?
I need 2 dryers to my one washer! Next house/condo must have 2 dryers, or washer/dryer in master bedroom closet/bathroom and another.
Check your account Dave and change password. Got a suspicious DM from you buddy!
We did hand things in English class, for my favorite person I put :)
Thanks, Celtic Rose!
What did I miss from the forum?
Drupal 7.x is almost out. ;)
Bailed on the grocery store. So I can either eat something real weird, or order Chinese...
Absolutely! Isn't that one reason we got cell phones? Well, maybe not but it was a unintended benefit!
would u eat a dwarf's pussi
It was an email for the new Taruskin/Gibbs textbook: "Vintage T-Shirts Are Cool. Vintage Textbooks Aren't."
Speaking on panel on journalists and fair use at World's Fair Use Day on behalf of
Where the heck could Adam Levine find a payphone?
Nets now turn their attention to acquiring Eddy Curry
"I now realize that in life need to show UP like I've got back UP!" Ps 23.4 AGV (Alex Gee's Version)
quote of day from conference; Benjamin Mays (1953); "Nineteen centuries ago, an eternal light did come out of the East..
That weird moment when you get out of the shower and there's someone in your room . .
GREAT attitude. I think it invites more opportunities. :) I hope something wonderful happens for you! Rock on girl!!
Upgraded features, Upgraded chatting, we are working for you to make dating easier #1 free jewish dating website
where have you been all my life? can we plan a dinner date sometime soon??
Aww yay! It was a great conversation, our table got very lively!!
Someone needs to talk me out of wanting red hair again. Black to red is not an easy process.
Spending Saturday finishing your guys next song "Tongo"! Just for you all:)
Sneaking out cause I deserve that shit!!!!!!!!!
#OnceYou should be a tweet for #OnceUponATime but sadly it’s not until now!
NP. We love free web resources!
dont worry your still maa baby love !
Les, I am a persistant entrepreneur and I have a GREAT idea! I need help with funding or a partnership, what do I do?
In progress: strawberry vanilla bean jam & strawberry balsamic jam.
Yes, today is Friday actually!
sold out. I'm going to
EVERYONE like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown !
looking for The Colonial Estate 2004 Exile Shiraz for my collection...anyone looking to sell some?
Great to be with all of you. I love the SPARKS of energy that ignite from each person.
BOW BOW BOW BOW
:( plz follow me it will make my day =)
Guess whose drunk?! This boy right here ;)
If you see me, it's definitely ironic. Yeah...ironic.
I'm so screwed.
Hm is this what you really want;-)
Just had a great planning meeting with Art Milwaukee for an international art walk along National Avenue this fall!
This Bucks team is going to be good as soon as they have less than 10 players who don't suck.
I look forward to it! Are you getting early to the venue that day?
1 shoutout? Okay... that's cool to....
So many great resource and ideas for adapting to college life shared here tonight! Thank you!
man im waitin for this 10,000th tweet !!! lol i refuse to miss it !!
What's your favorite song at the moment and why?
Closely linked to obesity, type 2 diabetes was almost unheard of in children just a few decades ago.
Learn somethin new eryday I tell u
I know cough cough cough
I can also feel a #Wranglers Championship coming
Just picked tire and rims for the Challenge. Just 43 days 12 hrs to go!
happy birthday, Smooth!
our webhail is better. #justsaying:) RT : and here I was trying to webhail a flash cab!
Good afternoon. Awesome so far!
Wild Onion Brewery and Peter Janusas to bring their wild brew to Beer Hoptacular.
I like the young kids and the excitement. Rivalries will be formed.
that'll work bc my uniform is white...
aww :'] RT Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!
somebody email me some beats
All I can smell is GiGis cupcakes and I've stuffed my face full of shrimp cocktails thanks to Sullivan's.
ha. Someone once asked me if I had to read every book in the library. I said, yes, of course.
Yes, I should clarify. It was @ Filling Station off Gillham
I just wish you would be nice to me
Sometimes I wonder why im still in Kc,i ain't got NOBODY in my corner....i might as well pack my bags &d leave FOREVER
Anybody else out there having issues opening links on twitter? Can't see instagram or links to news. :-(
im good thank for asking " its been a minute ..... how u been ?
i LOVE apples. but im SO picky when i eat them. they have to be red. and COLD. and hard. none of those mushy apples. thats gross. as hell.
Collard greens and cornbread, yeah! Boy, you're betta than my mama's collards and cornbread!!
Alison Krauss is sounding good lately!
“Without music, life would be a mistake.”
"yogie bear wants his berries back"
your reaction to me stealing your backpack today was priceless.
both, Twitter fiends often become friends...
Just Got In 4rm Dis Church Picnic. Id Waz Decent!. Im Tired Doe. 2 Busy Steppin 2 Some Music. Im Smootha Den Some Of Deez Adults Doe Lol
No matter what you go through that right person makes you forget all about it..
Brah I think I'm in love wit Rihanna
I AM THANKFUL I HAVE HAIR PERIOD!!
2all PR Peeps who keep contacting me please bugger off! U r paid liars&maipulating fabricators of info unable2glean my marketing algorithms.
RT : RIP Carlos Fuentes, one of the true greats of world literature
Point, story, action or "psa" needed for good story. Ties in with learning principles. Be clear about "change idea"
Happy Friday!
I just didn't think you would be just like your neighbor, you kno how sad that is?
Wanna be your victim!.
that doesn't make sense
Your biggest decision in life is the biggest decision you can make!!!!
That was disturbing what I just saw
they re-arranged the furniture in the house.
do you play MW3?!
Why do people like to debate with me? Just agree to disagree and sthu
i'm already in a bad mood shutup
If you purchase a $100 dollar gift card from bebe, you receive a $15 dollar bonus card! #FindersKeepersFriday so awesome!
I love meeting new people especially tourists :)
Some kid named Paco invaded my twitter
Exactly...let's get back to everyone understanding that I'm a genius and always have the team's interest in mind.
done and done. Thanks friends! Cannot wait to see the new Lakeview space and have some brunch!
on Chiller RIGHT NOW! Check it out!
Thanks, Machiko! For some reason I think I knew that. Maybe it was in your WaPo bio or something.
just here so far - We all needed a turn on Gustav ;)
Make sure your phone number is listed on your website...Email is convenient but the phone still reigns supreme
Thanks, y'all. There is a bartells, and it's on my path to lunch!
thanks for the support! we are fans of your work as well. RT : Back in Chicago, first stop
Pitchers and catchers report to spring training in 5 weeks!
I'm sure it is! The speaker saying how it only matters to those involved in the beginning not to buyers later
Giving a shout out to some great people and great friends. are touring constantly and working hard. Playing in a city nearyou
oh okay i see the connection there
saw her in dallas last sat...my guess is she is an animal
fuck you and Larry's garage ese
all the wwe superstars i wanted to win at #ExtremeRules won what are the odds of that happening lol #ExtremeRules Rocked
Im Being Dead Serious If i Had A Chose Between Yoy Or Justin Id Rather Pick You<3
no sweat myke, thank you!
Thanks for the shout out! This is one of the (many!) reasons why we libraries continue to do what we do.
I enjoyed your article this morning ! It will take #GreatParents like you plan on being to demand the
now thats a bad ass tattoo . million trillion thumbs up .
Money talk bullshit walk!
Me either! RT : I don't like the character Tank played in Preacher's Kid.
now following.. have a good number of friends and clients in Des Moines.. forwarded the info.. glad to connect
haha it's freezing rain over there?
we purchased ours from FSR here in Cville. Both men's and women's styles, good prices, wonderful service.
It's almost 9 pm...Chewie not looking ready to sleep...getting worried...
In the meantime, can we get some more followers!? #FollowWednesday?
Aw your so sweet! Thank you. :)
Cheer up. You're the only one here with a job. RT Been here since 6:30am. Workers pulling up carpets now. The day has sucked!
About half of the likes on that tacky flag dress are serious. Which is even better
So much football confusion! Lol! Big blow for teeeblow lol !
Omen much?? RT : BREAKING: French officials say new President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning, no one hurt. -EF
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure. - Edward Eggleston
she said we are all too connected... she said your response time was quicker than McDonalds.
I'm sorry for constantly talking about dance... It's just kinda my life
You got to act like a woman and think like a man! <U+270C>
you know... We do have similar hair styles ... ;)
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are. ~ Chauncey Depew
RT : if you need any graphic design work...flyers, logos....etc contact ! One of the best companies!
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife I will dance if u follow me ;)
Year 3 of the ESBC is now over and now planning has started for ESBC VI 2013
I'm jealous.
Happy 4th of July!
hoping I feel less crappy tomorrow for the Renaissance Fair
STOP FIGHTING PLEASE
I have read that the numbers are increasing exponentially. But where are the twittering lawyers in Balt. DC area?
I can tell when people don't fuck with me, but oh well I'll be gone in less then a year anyway.
That moment when 4 guys buy 3 pizzas.
Faculty @ 5: The Great American Songbook Jan 25 5pm. Free. Jonsson Performance Hall. Join us for a free, informal presentation series...
hunger games
1/2 way through our Summer Dreamers music camp, & excited for upcoming shows: Alpine Lake, WV/Bethlehem PA/Brooklyn NY/Cleveland OH!
We are now accepting youth submissions for the film festival!! Submissions are free for middle and high school students!
RT : The Knicks' tonight had four scorers with 20 or more points in the same game. I haven't seen that in a while.
right message = right time - like music to our ears
Double OT, great game.
: RT "Operation", try studying forensic pathology or mortuary science.
you don't belong in the house anymore. Lamar was being a cry baby so we traded him to get under the tax. It's a business. D12 time.
dont tell me what to do.
misssin my baby eric so much <3
Food Truck Friday is on!!!!!!! #ComeGetYourSpuds !!!! We are here til 9pm with a ton of other trucks..
why would I lie about this..?
Pumped for my boy Kid is heating up! Must of had next summers Vegas trip in his head
Lil Boosie not guilty lock his ugly ass back in that cave sounding like a cartoon character when rapping lol
That's what I did for the last IUE. lol
i'm glad i didn't ... whateva
That last RT made me LOL, for real.
hey! good evening, haha. sorry I didn't see this all day :( how are you doing, jane?
Didn't know that existed
This 72° change in weather is much nicer than tropical hot-n-sticky.
Is this the latest idea for government pension financing reform?
Thanks. How about a follow?
All my police mug shots are exceptional.
please tell me about it?
Ooohhh... Leo would so LOVE that. He's a good writer! Plus everything he writes he wants to give away instantly...
haha tread carefully
I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it.
whoa man so much this morning. since when do I think I have the money?
I am so redeyed and sleepy! I couldn't sleep all night. I learn at Pubcon, go back to the hotel, and apply.
5 hours until our deadline! Gah!!!
haha clicked on to see what tinychat was. I heard you talking on his computer.. Im like.. what?? lol. He was the "guest"
Beautiful day in #ABQ Ready for March Madness to begin for the
haha Listening to music and obsessing over Romeo And Juliet
Thank you, those are great words of wisdom, the only thing left to say I guess is......Bite Me, and Mind your Own Damn Business hahaha!!
hope you didn't have them going really far. Very young team. Gonna be dangerous in the next couple yrs
#YouKnowShesTheOne When you can't see yourself with anybody but her,
its a shame how these niggaz be acting smh!
"Girl lemme see your body move" (women 50 and older shaking it)
Hahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Hold on I'm trying to think of something to make up about you.
That's what Pucillo said, so it's true.
thank you for following! Have a great weekend!
Lust of love & life with you.
Thinking is going to get the car fixed but instead he's getting a tattoo..???
who's down for Phil's after? #pussy OnDemand
When we compare ourselves to others, we compare our weaknesses against others strengths.We are all unique-Choose to live without comparison.
Hey thanks! Hope you end up trying it out regardless. :)
PickUpLine: If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
Faded in my house lmao
haha that's just post game bitterness talking. You know I don't mean it!
&%$# But also remember to not let your good have the appearance of evil, its a twoway street.
I just found out that everyone where I works gets free popcorn all day! #Seriously what took me so long to come here?
looking forward to showing BCAC and the impact we have to keep kids safe today
*pats your vagina* :O what's that bump?!?
Pandora > Slacker
Eatin rite now
I love this man RT : The weather in L.A. this week has been as consistent as the third season of LOST.
This is my second time too! I was lazy for a gew years :( It's a great program to get running again.
The best of all worlds
Court must consider basis of opinion even if RR > 2.0. Jones v. Owens-Corning Fiberglass Corp. 288 N.J.Super. 258
So, which signed KR from today starts? Asa Jackson or Jacoby Jones?
Richard Pryor just asked me what I want for my birthday I told him Bicentennial Nigger & Supper Nigger on LP.....
Very sad to hear about Adam Yauch's passing. First celebs passing I am actually sad about.
RT : "Don’t go through life, grow through life."
¤ Readiness of speech is often inability to hold the tongue. Jean Baptiste Rousseau
Modern #jobseekers->take chunky #resume summary & pare it down to 2 lines & tight presentation
"If you did not look after today's business then you might as well forget about tomorrow." --Isaac Mophatlane
Love your blog!
1 piece of the #EdTech "greatness" puzzle is thoughtful implementation. w/o clear goals, those devices mean nothing
your favorite word may be ecoplasm or whatever but OCTAPLOID is a much better word. OCTAPLOID hahahahaha
I wish you were mine and only mine.
Not sold on Dooling, but it's only 1 game
Today's dictionary, word of the day is gung-ho: wholeheartedly enthusiastic and loyal. I love the way gung-ho is spelled.
Denver, Colorado 's Polidori Chorizo is the perfect item to buy @ the grocer today to start making those delicious foods for
Roku. It IS the bomb. Wherever you are, don't pay for cable.
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize your older brother really does love you,and you thought he was out to ruin your life<3
what up Leah! how bout a follow and don't forget our 1st album is available on iTunes and you can peep us on Pandora.
Try not to wreck your car!
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I didnt mean to hurt you! I didn't mean to do anything! Please. Everyone fucks up..
This Monday had pretty much sucked!!
-bout to take my phanny back to bed tho'
Another beautiful day in the greatest city in the world! If you're in the French Quarter come by the spa and say hello!!
Models Monday Madness! Ladies complementary Drinks & Appetizers. Hampton Daze Magazine presents their giveaway and more today
RANGERS WIN!!! LETS GO RANGERS!
Bye! And good night!
#ThingsIHate Being ignored, especially if I'm trying to fix my mistake and I can't because you wont give me the time of day.
My daughter is being a bad influence on me..
All the ants in the world weigh approximately the same as all the human beings in the world.
hahaha, (: mrs fisses in a lot of pain, pay attention
Thank you both for coming!
Looking forward to play again. Tonight my official Bday party:-)
they should work still and let me know if they don't :)
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
Spitten some insane freestyles right now...
That was the point. <3 You know how I do. ;)
Main reason I don't like it is b/c seems based on notion that lack of money is the root cause of homelessness.
Saw Brad Garrett's show tonight. Very funny. Good friend, known him for 20 years. For dirty jokes, follow me
CAN U PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASSEE U WOULD SERIOUSLY MAKE MY DAY <3 AND CAN U PLEASE COME TO WAUKEGAN ILLINOIS AUGST 12 <3
Boyfriend by justin bieber <3 - world premier video lol
Biz Quote of the Day: "E-mails are for fully developed ideas, texts are for quick practical information, and the phone is still my best too…
Get Up, Get Out & Get Something
I gottah use the bathroom
#FF You too Sherri - I enjoy the tweets!
Lady Gaga Greets Fans At Born This Way Promo
i havnt texted tht much all year
IF YALL WANT TO GET INTERVIEWED BY THE FAMOUS ON CHOP SHOP RADIO CALL JENNIFER 2107846094 SHE WILL SET IT UP OR LEAVE MESSAGE
BTW, Paulie's slump is so bad that he was officially passed by Adam Dunn in the SSA Power Poll last night.
I'd rather loose an Argument than a Bestfriend..
Back in the city of brotherly love. NYC I'll be back soon
“ #Capricorn won't fall into romantic delusions of who we may think you are, we go off of what you show us.” Preach
If you think it's ok for #Syria to work w/ #Iran to arm #Hezbollah, you've got some serious jihadi issues.
Perfect and awesome. Now, will see HL every time I watch that Volkswagon commercial. : )
Spam me.
note the report time!
thanks, Ashik - noted! :)
Thanks for the shout out! If you ever need back ups, just let us know ;-)
My 30 day Challenge is starting in just over 2 weeks. Get on board before it's too late. Message me for details!
And P.S none of those tweets were even me.That very last tweet was me..So.an apology would be nice.
Pleased to report that has figured out that the pilot is always on. How do I know? Because she's sitting in the cast iron skillet.
Just finished uploading my circa 2000 CD to my iTunes. Luv him! If I'm 24, does this mean I get to be twice as 12?
Like the new blog design.
On what basis would you suggest this? Seems like an outlier position.
I've heard of Facebook trending more toward Pinterest w stronger imagery. We live in a visual world.
I call them flash drives
RT : I'd understand more if a team signed Kwame for $7 and a million years.
holy shit finally home feels good out all goddamn day
Check out P.O.P. Station on Pandora internet radio
After the longest week ever, I film tomorrow, photo shoot saturday and a workshop on Sunday.
Is that class open to non-portfolio students?
10 Facebook Tips if your face is bumpy don't take a pic close as fuck to your face
Why do a lot of people hate on Bryce Harper? Yes he's a bit cocky, but he rarely opens his mouth and says anything.
hope you rocked your exam, but how could you not rock it! :)
Just saw my reflection and I look like a teenager again!!!! Im def on that benjamin button type shit!!
quit your job and make more art #1982 RT : I was programmed for more important work
RT : Why do you niggas give such a fuck about gays getting married? They still kill niggas in America for sport. Worry about that.
& WHAT R U GUYS GETTIN READY FOR? LOL
will love this: RT "Well, it is what it is." --vacuous idiots
Niggas said bad news its a girl where is the trash can lmao
IS YOU OKAY? IS YOU GOOD? CAUSE I WANTED TO KNOW.
lol but I don't believe you :(
announces their music lineup today! excited to see what's up their sleeves.
Glad you had a good time!
So confused about people who are SO CRUEL, but then can't seem to see that their reactive comments are relationship-killing (or even rude).
Sure no problem, and if U see #balloonboy tell him to call home, his parents are worried sick about him...crazy ufo balloon!
going to be at a game tonight? Upload your pics to !
U are fine the way u are. To each his/her own. Stay beautiful
That did not look graceful.
LOL look at our mentions
O M G
Nice, great job yo!
Mother of god, so much pain.
MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Journal of Preventive
RT : wins over missouri and ohio st. for sure
Thank you #oscars for all the lovely traffic in west Hollywood and the non stop helicopters flying over our apartment... It's Oscar day
please do.
That's a great derby car - congratulations!
Let's hope my hack is over. I apologize for the messages sent your way. I'd say it individually but I'm maxed out thanks to my hacker.
Can you get away?
You need to get Coney on Twitter Michael
A million thanks to the 24th dist of for working so hard for us in the area! Your tireless work is appreciated!
I got coming through Wednesday #allegedly lol wanna work on that record...come through..
Sour D x OG Skywalker & instrumentals. New #ViBEMusic coming soon W &
YEA...VEGAS PIMPIN!!!
sorry... Fill me in?
Oh Channing tatum was in that commercial oh la fuckin la
Last Laptop Repair in #Pittsburgh: Dell Latitude D620 Windows XP w/SP3 Operating System re installation.
#Rappers, aspirng #rap artist & #music makers get at me-Iv got th edge 4 u 2 get heard &mybe go viral.Ull definitely B unique on this topic.
for monet to say
#ConfessionNight Girls at my school are stupid & enjoy starting rumors about me
lol no. Like action figures. And they sell cds, dvds, electronics and other shit
Bout to munch on this asada burrito
just did about 6 loads of it. Lemme tell ya it's just so rewarding. I feel myself becoming a stronger woman
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com just come register and enjoy all the games live online enjoy and thanks for joining
I worry more for than myself.
Houston, it's been REAL! Great being here for Kick Off for Kids. Thank you & for a great time!
I wonder if she'll see me when she's here in August. I'll just love her and love her anyway.
best pick in my opinion
Shit I fell asleep in class. I just missed the entire fucking lesson lmfao and I'm wondering why I'm failing.
Liking someone you know you'll never get is the most frustrating thing ever.
ill go follow you hold on
Everytime I try to walk away something makes me turn around and stay. I cant tell you why!
the avengers but I didn't think it was very good :p
I received the same msg. No idea what it is but I changed my password to be safe
Is still having a concert on 8/3/2012 there?
May 5th isn't officially posted yet-that's why you can't find it. It will be at 7pm-tickets available at box office earlier in week
yo #squarespace you should let me win that iphone, cuz thats the only reason im updating my twitter
Are you ready for some #superbowl football?
RETWEET! We march at 4pm today! Meet at civic center
I need to dye my hair again -_______-
u sharing right
Rock on rest time !!!!
Sometimes squirrels confuse me.
Anyone heard of Esperanza Spalding?
Bout to go to bed long day tomorrow hope it doesnt rain lol
whyy cant i sleep?!?!?
7 deadly sins of web design: need more web design training in lib school
good morning sexy! ^_^
Not asleep as usual ;p
"All of the mice in here, extra white I want y'all to eat cheese"
We want to cooperate in every way we can, so I advise you to buy potatoes if - a great big if - the price is right. [1944]
Packed house at Janesville Craig, 10 min til tip. Good luck to the men in stripes!
you are adorable!
more yards than seconds at this point...
its spring break in the nation's capital and every student council and their moms showed up
RT My favorite machine in the gym is the water fountain.
you don't have to be afraid of what you are
I will have 3 sets of saints season tickets for sale! Club level seats and 2 sets of plaza level!
Reno 2020: Nevada education still far from an 'A' - Reno Gazette Journal
;-) no regrets.
working on a script, trying to finalize it for StoryPros!
Us. You. At Oak Grove Tavern Sat Mar 31st. FREE Admission. See you there.
Sounds good to me! The website said it's good for scabies too...good to know, just in case. :) seriously, i will try it!
": i love you! please follow back :)" i would prefer it of you didnt tweet my boyfriend,thanks.
I love you too.
Did you find your puppy?
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
heard great reviews regarding your book. Look forward to reading it! Doing a book tour?
Y everytime I go out bitches have to look like DOGS
it didnt work
beautiful day for classes! Excited for break!
he never used heroin, crack and cocaine
“: I'll find out after she's restored. I sure hope so.” Keeping our fingers crossed for her.
Every rising power has relied on the state to kickstart growth or protect fragile industries
It's plenty old heads in here lol
yep., I dream of your smile all the time ...
"retweet" sounds like a losing general with a speech impediment.
At the Girls Rock Camp showcase. So excited I'm gonna puke!
Your money comes through your dominant gift. Its not education that gets you there -its your decisions.
wow i had to take a 5 hr nap, well its gonna be a long long long nightt
Everyone say hi to my wife who is entering the
So far just "Secret Garden" and "Water for Elephants." Thinking about "Moonwalking with Einstein" which I believe U suggested?
It's funny how a single text from the wrong person can change your mood completely.
this would be a great night to do a patio gig
She's Not?
y do ppl keep talking about tht wat is it??
You seem like a decent person. By which, I obviously mean gay. Ha ha ha. Thank you for following me.
I bought Call Me Maybe. Go buy it on Itunes! is amazing!! :)
Most-Added Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 3: Fan’s Review
Opening up for CHARLIE MURPHY!!! & Freeze Luv this weekend at the Palm Beach improv. Bring on the crowd of "DARKNESS"!!! PalmBeachImprov.com
ROTC trip was intense but interesting... learned tons... look for article in upcoming issue of The Bulletin.
Commissions to real estate professionals from home warranty companies are the subject of greater scrutiny these days.
4 tank tops have been claimed. 16 left. :]
It is Friday but I am a busy busy bee bee. My new iPhone should make my consumer gadget driven mind forget about it for a few minutes
For tips on basket weaving go to www.scoresluda.com
Those cute little texts that make you smile for ages
Second question is how disruptive it is. If you're still able to work, then maybe meds aren't needed.
preach “: If you'll spend a few moments in quiet, God will renew you. Burnout is avoidable.”
HELLO TWITTER WORLD! :D
what's a brews quintet? A drinking group of some sort?
Time for some Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Definitely just bought a Lasonic TRC-931 off the street corner for $30. God bless America, and the Original Ghetto Blaster From Japan.
Downton Abbey really IS the best show...ever. I know I've said that before but this time it's true.
I admit that Sofia Vergara has replaced my fascination with Christina Hendricks.
aww really that bus didn't look like it be bad. I had to cut my run short apparently were under another sever storm here
Mfs petty but i see how it is..... Pay backs a bitch and karma is my twin....
Nice! RT Like a daily devotional, I listen to a essay daily. It allows me to see life from another's eye
Back home. Now back to work.
I call em like I see em.
over 31k hits, heck yeah!
Tonight I wont go to hard! Lol
why am I a lier
so sweet!
I can't sleep
Hey non-profit people - anyone ever try adding a Tweet-the-Paddle along w/a traditional Raise-the-Paddle fundraiser? Hmm...
shoes made it safely to henderson co and escaped nashville floods. thank you fed ex!
Getting my white hair back, omg yes
Cool! Are Cricket and Danny back on? Haven't watched in a while.
Has anyone else ever noticed tthat every #Target smells EXACTLY the same?!
truth. RT The best thing about eating ice cream alone is that you can eat all the candy chunks and not feel bad
Strange thing about living in Madison, WI: wearing three long sleeve shirts today with a high temperature of 16. Wanna house-swap?
lol u know im down to help haha. when u looking to get it.
well man peeps have seen it now! Ill facebook it within a couple dayz!
swag swag swag <3
can you help me get followrs
Go with it, fuck with their minds about the true intention
Please marry me!!!
what makes your track so #DUCKSAUCE?
I like to give Pat a hard time. He's a sharp handicapper, though! We'll try again next year.
Birthday cake baked. Balloons have arrived. Champagne's in the fridge. Happy birthday little V. (How did that happen?)
email me rkhiles @ gmail. com
AWK everyone.. Well they don't have one where I live in chicago... :(
if a man likes a girl he'll act shy around the, be awkward, keep distance away and sometimes panic when getting close to
Concluding my first week as Senior #Psychologist at Insight Psychological Centers #Chicago. Lots of adjustments to make!
Don't seat Drunk Uncle next to your mom during Mother's Day dinner.
2 hour Glee?
well... did
Nicely written blog post.
"They didn't do this in my favorite match.... Melina vs. Alicia Fox!"
I wish I could have been there!!!!! RT : Just got off stage! Made it rain literally!
Thanks 2011 Women of the Year event for making tickets available to mentors & mentees! Last yr was so inspiring.
"The more we give love, the greater our capacity to do so." Dr. David Hawkins
Love me or hate me . I don't care©
writing about bobos.
My bro has a birthday coming up!! The big one!!! *pause*
Honored 2B serving brkfst & lunches at 's wk-long Land Care wrkshop. Their fave? Tied btwn Thai Pumpkin Curry & Wiki Wiki Pork
then go play somewhere else.
Ben Lawrence: Cooperatives and Democracy Are More Trusted - Blue MauMau
Toured 100 yr old Mineral Point Opera House & Library Tues & now to Water Summit at new HarleyD Museum in Milw today. I love WI!
Just hung out with , which I've decided stands for Master of Creative Horror for the 2000's. And were those pecs I saw before me?
I Love Tebow,but if he's not playing this year, He should be traded to a better team where he can develop...
Lmfao love this
even though i dont know you Happy Birthday(:
lol. Of course not. That was someone else XD
#WordsINeverWantToHear the vampire diaries has been cancelled.
Do you need an Inspiration Boost? Try my Spirit Spark! www.MeganGala.com/SpiritSpark.html
Booked an acting gig for MTV.
is god
compared the Arab women with the Wast women ?!! , maybe the West women are a rose, but everyone smell it !! (( You Know what I mean ))
Absolutely! She always looks so lovely!
Pretty good, just nommed! So YEE! You?
studying for first Marketing Management exam
Jonice Gray Tucker--Chairman Gray's daughter--just took the stage and promised results and the Chairman soon! Hang with us, DC!
First I said the wrong station number, then teased you about your shirt-Welcome to the family! :)
Goo Gle Dolls. God, I LOVE IT.
Don't known what to think no more.
Town's sewer pump malfunctioned & flooded this couple's family room - took 4 days to clean/clear out, that was last month
i spent christmas with louis tomlinson because he said he loves me
It can be deadly.=> “: Having a debate. How much money would it take for you to be tasered? I will reveal my price shortly.”
I do too! Come to a Bucs game!!
Anybody out there have a spare puppy? Think I'll adopt a puppy today...
You should neither impose taqwa nor oppose taqwa, rather inspire others towards it by setting a beautiful example.
With at Rep. Kuglitsch's luncheon, listening to Congressman Paul Ryan.
SMF nice gains!
what does tyrannical means?
me neither <U+E408> well beside that shout out I got and a comment back on video but that's it
I think he's digging his hole deeper.
I love these kinda days.
2012 NFL Mock Draft: Ideal Draft Situations for Every 1st-Round Team
Finally found a toaster strudel I like lol
Fabulous movie! So inspiring...
My lips are burning :(
"Objectively...topic leads us to wonder whether there really is such a thing as fate or destiny..." ~ Thomas Dorkin (Subjected: Eye of God)
hey well let me know and I might try to stop by
Come check out our great selection of denim! Pair it with an easy top and you're ready to go
Killian's Irish Red & BBQ ribs
awh maybe we can sometime this week
Yup, we're social too - that is why you can book your #travel in your calendar by your preferences in mins - We don't waste your time!
Your welcome!
Wow! That's awesome. What an excellent cause. This is a really really good idea. Thank you! VERY heroic.
Feel better while enjoying Ellen Lois! Glad you got your smile back:)
Come visit booth #1201 at the #ncbshow! Moonshine for all!
:/ RT At #MediaSummit, Coach K says of Derrick Rose ACL injury: "Our hearts go out to him. It's a big loss for our team."
for every million bits we perceive, only 1 bit reaches consciousness.
This is one long ass work day!!! Ugh! Whr is 5 o'clock?!?!
hm sounds fishy!
thanks for the butt kickin' boot camp last night...I'm feeling it this morn for sure...ouch!
I will! Are you looking for just reporters to reply?
I just installed my first SSL certificate. In your face,
Look at you "3M!" We are going to turn this sucker out!!
juror #12 is mental defective
Rondo gets 15-20 assists a night! are we talking opinions or facts and stats? Cuz if it's facts & stats.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
O ya! Friggin love it! Can't gainsay it, it warms my heart to see you on it and active - nice job on the HuffPo pick-up
I have now moved onto the #CellBlockTango. I am in the loving mood if you cannot tell....
Oh that is wonderful. Hope she really enjoys the iPad.
Done With My Photoshoot On My Way Home.. Im Tired AF!
morning cutie. Is it friday yet? Lol
welcome night owl :)
Burnt Red Hair
Our family's first game of the year on Dinger's 18th birthday.
Who found a couple awesome sources for statistics of drug trafficking in Mexico and Colombia? This girl! (okay, coworker's LibGuide helped)
I know just perfect <3
Blueberry froyo @ Fenway ! A cool flavor for this cool weather! The best part: it won't melt on your walk back to work/class/life!
FROSTY FRESH STICKY ICKY SUPER POTENT DANK JUST IN: Blue Dream! A GREAT batch of everyone's favorite hybrid!!! Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com ;)
Love how Johnny Ace has the #Wrestlemania suit hanging on the wall.
Rayandoo el sol will forever be my favorite Mana song.
how's that thing w/ postman goin? Im trying work my way up to yall level. You are an inspiration 2 me as a fellow producer :)
Popcorn & a really good movie >>>
Hey ! We have our annual I HEAR MUSIC IN THE AIR Event on May 18-20! Kirk Franklin, Isaac Carree, Byron Cage and Amber Bullock!
Randy Newman wins #BestOriginalSong for "We Belong Together" in Toy Story 3
Anything Is Possible.
I was trying to make myself not like this guy and then he started talking in the accent in Ass Like That and I think I may have died..
the marriage ref¿
okay, just let us know! Ill text you around 3
Heading to the airport(:
#childhoodmemories only going to school for 3hrs.
Happy bday to my beautiful sister :)
smokin the best pot, rollin up kush blocks till my eyes blood shot
it corrected 'Lorax' to 'lorazepam' for me today.
Movie night wit :)
/11 You honored God & middle TN. Proud to call you one of ours. Your future is bright. A fan in Franklin & business owner in M'boro!
Haha. Will do, since it is that cool.
Just got home from a very event full thing.....
Chile, they have a million questions. If you came in the building instead of the curb you'd have all the answers.
You have a lake house on Table Rock?!
Welcome from RT : Please recommend this page!
Type of people i don't like, example: hoe: I hate hoes they need to keep their legs closed (coming from the biggest hoe in the world)
Vanessa's embarrased to drive in the car with me, I was just blasting Call Me Maybe and dancing obnoxiously.
was watching lord of the rings - fellowship part- & forgot how hopeful and sad the move made me. it was a good movie to start the new year
Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped. ~ African Proverb
jamie looks like hes on drugs every time hes on the show.
Ok thanks !
#WeWontWorkOutIf you aint got no job or aint n school
Dr. Jean Explains Homeopathy, Chinese Herbs, and Herbal Care
RT - Reds got lucky 1-5 vs Cleveland Indians this season.
agreed. As a Werder fan I will take their money. Decent player but only when he was playing with ozil but go isn't
shop girl! :) aha.
“: who's name starts with an "Sa"” ME
Agreed, that kills me! Need an iTune popup blocker.
It's weird to be home knowing I don't have to go back...
S/O to , We`ve known each other forever! I miss being close to you </3 And we used to have Chinese together last year(:
no sir keep the pics
row U seat 302 nut im sellin to get vip toma
Yeah, it has to do w the King, a coworker gave me a histor lesson just now. It's Castellano Spanish--Mexican Spanish is different
Thanks so much! Another blip on my odometer!
i just never did matter .
I forgot all about that. Sounds like we need a date.
already did :-)
oh its from whataburger! Duh! None here in Chicago ):
u ready to do the write thing next week?
Yipee! I get to see Suze Orman LIVE today! Woo Hoo! Cross your fingers she'll PASS out money in addition to her stellar advice! :)
Religious blog. One day it may support a specific ministry or a book or speaking engagements. Who knows?
hey sent you an email we will still see what we can do
How do rain drops marry?-They coalesce
“: Remember to always fight for your right to party! #ripmca”
At the airport leaving for Chicago in about an hour!
welcome to the wonderful world of BBQ twitter!
Spotted dog, huh? Really? LOL
McRoyalle for breakfast.......
OK, I love that! So bad it's good (wood)!
Ill crack an egg in ur basket u bastard
Pretty excited about my new shirts from and Cool stuff, but more importantly, supports life-changing causes.
My birthday is finally this month!
We deliver throughout San Diego!
I second that sentiment! I can't wait to celebrate and catch up!
Good night at the rave, today was amazing :D cant wait for the next concert with local bands though
Its ' last night in Chicago, making it count! Thanks for everything
Awww, Lima is so CUTE! mail her to me.... :)
We did it? Is that because it was in route to Hawaii or for some reason we just wanted to sink a ship?
I got that Madonna ask Mashonda, I get Keys - Cassidy
Send me a message cuz I think that i could only reply
"I never turned blue in somebody else's bathroom. I consider that the height of bad manners." - Keith Richards from the RollingStones
": I shouldve smoked a blunt before coming home", if u live by me im firing up na.
To do list will be accomplished today
Why wouldn't they?
haha so many damn People dressed up!!!
: Genesis "Momma"
A black person in a hoodie isn't automatically "suspicious." ..there just being a nigger
I am the real Roxanne.
Really? But the show was shot in 480i.
User:HolleyCullins430 - Pinnacle Game Profiler Wiki
Good morning!!!
cute mamas
who there's two ppl in this bee hive lol
RT : Spring and fall are my favorite seasons - I like times of transition. || Wholly agree.
Bday tomorrow. I'm calling it the 25th Re-do. In case you were wondering, yes, I can do that. :-)
She thought you were the real juicy j lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I'm to gone for this
Hey I just listened, and it is so good. I love you so much, so tweet me maybe?
Ha! Are you at the DMV?
good point. FREE FOR YOU GLEN COCO.
No problem!
get the hell outta here with your bitchin'
Has worked 7 days in a row. Probably 65 hours this week. Weekends are unnecessary.... And silly. Um... Is it Friday yet?
Welp. Made it 7.5 hours as the head systems librarian until I crashed the system.
Love this stormy #Chicago #weather! Wish it was the wkend so I could lie in bed & listen 2 rain & thunder thru open windows :)
Dude it sounds like someone is under the tub!!:o
Are you ready for your close-up? :-)
I've had my dinner, Sunny D, and ice-cream. And now I'm off to bed! School should be fun tomorrow, I'm feeling a lot better. c: Goodnight!
Gooby!! I can't wait to hear about all your adventures!! Take good care of your mom and dad for us! xo
we are not open Sundays.
good luck with the move! Great day for it.
And yes I know how sad that is.
Happy #fucking New year! I'm Getting # fucked up! This is # fucking awesome! # fuck yeah! # Fuck yeah!
Y'all need to visit CO Hurry and come
never mind.... Lol
Don't die! Is wegs trying to kill you??
“: Can't sleep at night, Can't wake up in the morning.”
haha! Have I heard of it? Pretty sure there are pics somewhere out there proving I've participated
;) I can do tea or coffee. BTW, working on follow up blog post about unions & corp greed & wld like to include ur perspective.
This place is driving me crazy!!!
All I need is u for this night to be complete
What say you, occupy chapters? RT : Will be occupying the Bilderburg Group meeting?
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
breaks attendance record: 85,000 plus rolled into Tower City for 36th fest. Zowie.
(totally hoping you didn't write it!) lol
You bet! Rock on!
wish I knew who those people were..
Haha well said! : Ok, gay people, time to get your heads out of those bridal registries and into the voter registry business!
I wish I had my sisters body.
Do you have all 4 years?
So I eat some of my nephew food so his 2 yr old brother talm bout don't eat that mia all extra loud! It wasn't posed 2 be heard! #snitchER!
Let's go New York Giants! Can't wait to see #Madonna at halftime!
blackbird singing in the dead of night...
I like the Marshalla book--not too expensive either. Easy to give a few pages to parents.
At the airport :)
Thanks for adding me...Only Good things for you!
Why isn't tonight's strategy just hit it in the air to right... Mother Earth will do the rest
lol awww i love you too (: * starts to wobble * haha
you would say that! Spoken like a true strength coach, let the ponys run
iconic boyz, iconic boyz, iconic boyz. back to that abdc stage! tonight 9pm central time.
": Nah sadly i dont....yet"wow..:-) well if u wanna talk sometimes hit my inbox wit ya numba
lol I just hit send before I was done :/ and why do I always have to be the hoe :(
: “There’s an argument to be made that all queer culture is copyright infringement”
tracked you down just to say that article about Pro gaming was beautiful. Excellent story telling.
text me now!! Hahah
Happy Birthday!(:
New Orleans Jazz Fest. Jimmy Buffett Poster 10% off,promo code KMP99 at www.vincentart.com OH the humanity!
Thank you!
did you see his mamas day video?
But i have a feeling he wont go jakarta soon.
Happy Mother's Day!
Doh! Just realized that I wasn't clicking the "Private" button when bookmarking stuff to Delicious. Sorry for all the unknown link posts.
#Favorite2011PackerMemories Every single time Donald Driver broke a Packer record, I love that man.
DON'T
Construction upstairs sounds suspiciously like an elephant attacking a whale. is that you making a movie?
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
I honestly think if everyone was as good kind and gentle at making love as Stella and Adam in "Python" what a wonderful world this would be
Work harder and work less hard.
Meek Mill
Sometimes I wish you never existed. Never had a crush on her. Never met her and that you weren't going out with her ..
KINGSPORT show November 23rd!!! At the Hog! For those that wanted another hometown show here ya go! You better be there! :)
ack! awakened with a start knowing I forgot margins on one page. all fixed, off I go...
I must have missed it...hey, you called me a "people!" Is that like a person? Makes my day!!!
Morning twitter
I can follow people now! WOOHOO
lol maybe I like ROAR better ;P
Lol nothing. Just me being an asshole.
OK. I thought you were just trying to drink 100oz. before 10:00am everyday.
Tonight at 10:30 PM EST, check out The Lottery Show w/ Sherrod Small streaming live!!! Go to: www.livestream.com/comicstriplivenyc
This Boy is My Life, iCan't Stop Thinkinq about him.. iThought it wouldn't be this hard buhh iRealize iCan't Be Without Him..</3 /':
It's time for a new car.
I just ate but I'm still hunger girl What you got ?
Great! Thank you! Look forward to seeing it soon.
If I didn't know you, I would think this referred to something more dangerous/romantic
is the sickest female rapper alive in my opinion, idgaf wtf errybody else talmbout!!!
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't imply it is useless.
Do it this way, #homedepot. They got back to me & fixed it fast! RT : Home Depot your customer service SUCKS!
there ya go(: haha
if i walked away, would you come after me?
ahh Your selling your bracelets now!! Ahh I gotta go find some money laying around the house! Haha
A bit uneasy about this deal RT : Will be interesting to see if Cain deal with #SFGIants (reported 5 yr/110M) pushes
Wireless keyboards, also know as reasons I want to murder things
#FF Terrific bad-guy actor because he is a nice guy in real life!
That's fine bout to have my pops come pick my car up today
I see your challenge and take it, wait until I get home and grab a glass of wine.
PEOPLE WILL DO ANYTHING TO BE FAMOUS.
I love u 137 year old
Buttermilk Pancakes Recipe Buttermilk in the batter makes these buttermilk pancakes exceptionally tender and fluffy. The trick with panca
so reviewing books went well. only lasted 2 minutes before i called it quits. it will be a miracle if i get a 3 or above!
lol!!! The day I'm that lucky, I'm buying a shit ton of lottery tickets!!
#confession I'm one of the easiest people to scare.
Real worried @ halftime but Pacers finally snap out of it. Time to do work in Orlando.
Thomas Robinson marry me?
I woulda pounded on the wall too but he wasn't making her moan loud enough, it was like hearing two mice get it on.
So 'Around the World in 80 Plates' might be the most brutal cooking competition I've seen in a while. I love it.
Avengers time!!!!! Go see that movie yall
This wind is killing me
if i'm home watching I will
You are surrounded by straightforward, apparent solutions that may dramatically increase your earnings, power, influence and success.
I wonder if it could go on cereal. Breakfast of champions!
We are also General and Roofing Contractors 305-232-3344
Finna Go To Boring Ass Science!
I should probably mention that this is the first time he has ever watched the #bachelor ever so doesn't know this is par for the course.
Who is the best movie director of all time?
Doubt it.
A bit late, but good luck (and good job!) to those participating in the IU 5k and minimarathon today!
-- its gotta be over. U know there will be lyrics that she EXAGGERATES the number of syllables.
Please tell that girl if you meet her, that someone's longing to see her....
Thanks for your suggestions/advice. Please let me know if anyone has stylist referrals (per previous tweet).
Yes. I don't care. A little earlier is better...I don't mind late dinner, but my diabeetus does.......
I need to pee. Ugh & its so far.
Questions on your way to the show? Tweet at us!
Point. Proven.
lolol most likely I will
sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely great! Provided its the right man and the right woman.
very good question. Answer in capitalism is market value. It's opinion if you are worthy
nice. congrats on finishing!
2 of 2: Juniper Tar, Wildbirds or Trapper Schoepp & The Shades. Twitter fans, what do you think?
I wish I had a friend like Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory.
Yeahh. But I'm still waiting on my money lol jk
Life is worth the living just because He lives.
could be worse; you could look like the butch haha
I'll be waiting for you guitar in hand, babe
Love this hash tag <U+2764>
Biz travelin' tonight. Hotel restaurant has whiskey cake that requires u to be 21 & buffet now set up for Air India Distress passengers
Picked up a bottle of white zinfandel last night and it was by far the worst drink I have ever tasted.
Write Club tomorrow night at 10 at PushPush. Kick it square in the soul!
Going to see Chimpanzee.
Lady Antebellum Own The Night At Radio City Music Hall
thank you so much for sharing our event! Will we see you there?
good morning:-)
They're usually owned by some frat boy using the cute dog to meet girls...
sitting at costco lookingfor some love come on down ill cook you the best cheesesteak in vdgas see you there
#sschat So, I've decided to create wikis with my classes. Topic: Road to Revolutionary War...I'm excited but this is a big step for me.
ouch -- where was this?
I love when old people go back to school and try and dress like they are teenagers again
Well He drug you because He knew how good you would be at it! :) Thank you for being a blessing to so many.
A pedophile will molest an average of 260 children in their life time, most go undetected
how do you feel about being on SPIN's top 100 guitar players list? Weird or cool?
Don't know how to tell my mom though...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
it was just like it! Different name tho
My mood jus changed so fast
oh, & thanks about my teeth(;
lol so true lol or i could just b the bottom and 2 of u could DP me :)
I'll get mine in late! Busy ALL DAY but, Aye ... Better late than never :-)
In Spring of 2012 your #movement121 purchase will establish a life changing relationship between you & poorest of #poor across the globe.
Kinda look down on people without iPhone 4's. Go Pack
shut up lol
love your 'isms'
Owww ma mouth hurts soo bad I wanna cry but lemme suk it up and take it like a woMAN
I have a house. I am sleeping in MY house.
Beautiful morning in Atlanta!! Seize the day everyone!!
#stateofthecity Mayor talks about goal of network of trails and bike paths to connect parts of city, 75 more miles by the end of 2012
I think I'm naming my son ROBLE' LIKE THAT CHEF I LOVE THAT NAME OR MY DAUGHTER TAYLOR IM SOLD ON THOSE NAMES STAY TUNED!
Needs my #Steelers starting lineup to not get into issues in GA....
Need Carpet Cleaning? Call Us 1-866-970-CLEAN (2532) We Provide Green Carpet Cleaning Service in Miami www.revolutionarycleaning.com.
I need some lotion.
I can't comprehend that type of preparedness.
Kelly Ozborne looks like they tried to make a Barbie doll out of a Troll doll.
New beginnings.
in tampa;)
Yay! Then you'll want a star wars theme!x
Totally forgot #PennPark opened today. It looks amazing, and this new pedestrian bridge just cut my walk in half.
#nuggets: "Chris has been excused from all team-related activities..."
Just got done hanging my fangs into some rocky road ice cream. :)
I would love too, can you DM me the information needed. Thanks!
you welcome lil mama
Goodnight twitter :)
Hungry hungry hungry hippo...that's me
I'm ready for a good weekend.
More And More by Joe is STILL my favorite song <3
“: thanks for coming to vision x! Halleluja! Black is Beauty! hahaha” I know that's right, Sam. LOL. How are you?
Stop by the Roger lounge Mon-Fri this week for a complimentary glass of red or white house wine!
seriously...I wouldn't have been able to take Star Wars seriously if Lucas used his voice instead of Jones'
oh! Link me. I love zuck gossip.
When it feels too good to be true, it probably is.
Impending* doom, but yeah it would also be an impediment as well...
Your heads a one way street and ive gotta go the other way
I will never, ever understand the appeal of ringtones, maybe because I like vinyl, tube amps, and real instruments.
Amen! RT : A #Capricorn is never afraid to admit when they are wrong, although they are not wrong often.
:) leaving in 4hrs
thanks, Michele, love your background. ;D
Happy Thanksgiving from #IUSUW!
Money is the root to all evil, i guess Ima Evil ass Bitch than...
you saw from the begin of the OSCARS..
Hey friends, don't forget #earthhour tomorrow night at 8:30 local time. See what fun you can find with the lights off!
Got my vote, I'm feelin your campaign
none confirmed yet! Ill mention you on here when we do!
Having an absolutely stellar day!
Got ya !
So cold. Come back sun! Tights in ad just isn't on-trend
0001 is my number ...and the other is my mom's number ! :)
You can't take mornings off.
no comment, but let's just say her makeup looked fantastic.
appreciate the follow ms lady
most definitely!
#DontGiveUpBecause you think that you cannot achieve your goal without trying.
Hahaha “: how can you hate jesus christ? My mom said she wanted go to church I told her broncos don't play till 4...”.
I wish some things would stay forgotten.
Betch is literally kicking my bag out of the way to get a spot on the pole
So if u were at #sxsw right now u would be A)Just getting up B)Just flying in C)At a session D)Just getting in from a party
Last day in SoFla with #agile learners in my #ACP workshop. This group is really on their toes!
I can&#39;t believe I missed the large enterprise social media meetup! So much going on during
I'm not sure all I know Wikipedia is shut down for the day protesting against this, idk what twitter has to do with it
The backpack and beanie goes to... (???) Chris Evans - No clue if I got your handle right!
Hello back !
yea, that would be great, have to get dressed. see u later! :)
She's an overall hot ass mess
Quick Fact: Democrats have elected Nancy Pelosi 150-43 as House minority leader.
No question.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #science because of its great reporting on the nano-world.
My 1,000th tweet goes to because he gets my tweets texted to his phone. And he's the man.
Awesome, congrats! You will both be very happy to have each other
Reminder: free Member ticket reservation for Saturday night's matchup with FC Dallas begins at noon tomorrow (8/25) at JoinSporting.com!
What it do?
Flame Boy!
Happy Martin Luther King Day everyone!
New site on a whole New topic coming soon for ! Look forward to working w/ you again soon
thanks for the props friend!
trey songz PANNTY DROPPER thats his best song to me
YES! Nothing drove me more crazy in library school than last semester folks who never served in a library in any capacity
Architecture encompases dreams, architects interpret into buildings - should never change
Prom tomorrow.... aka night of awkwardness with people i don't like very much.
The sun is shining the weather is sweet im feeling great what a day so far! Bob Marley
V for Vendetta is def the saddest/most amazing movie I have ever seen.
really? awwh:/ people are stupid well im number 6 ill look for you and come meet you! are you going to the chachi workshop?
#youthviolence BostonFoundation gets what it takes to be a strong Phil leader by working with city initiative to raise $15m from pvt sector
Who uses Twitter with middle sch students? Have activities, lessons, experiences to share?
Lol You like it there or no?
I don't know how I am going to make it with this I phone as much as I text....I be gettin on this bb
hopefully they will throw you the mic cause Axl can't sing worth a fuck
Trying to start working my way toward vegetarianism starting tomorrow.
Lonnie Bunch-Collaborations are an opportunity for conversations between museums and add to the depth of scholarship.
ShelterBox's David Eby was first to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid efforts. Interview avail.
lol you're an embarassment to the entire female population
dj at food and wine best new chefs awards
Just heard we got some love from That's pretty insane. Thank you for the support. #TeamOtenki continues to grow!
I was kidding ; you're my bestfriend.
RT : The work of the Sondheim Artscape Prize finalists will be on display at starting June 16.
Cool Thank you!
104.1 is on it tonight! Im gonna go ride im pumped! Im going to work tomorrow at 8 if i like it or not
Is it appropriate to put up a Dallas Cowboys logo as something scary to decorate for Halloween? :-) I still cant stand those guys...
Ernst Gräfenberg was another German-speaking Jewish scientist involved in development of #birthcontrol - he invented the IUD...
How about South America? :-) RT : Ima study abroad next year idk where yet
I watch ABDC just to see what kinda outfits they got on!!!!
I do mostly interstate driving. I'm at almost 35, varies if I do a lot of small trips, but usually 34.8-35.4 most the time.
I swooning like big time hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
25 cents from every Pepper Bacon Cheeseburger purchased from November 10th-12th will go to support The Home Front War Relief Fund! Join us!
they'll win the East
TYSM! Have a great weekend! RT Tweeps with great streams!
RT You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around . You make me crazier ... crazier <U+2665> #np .
so they announced it? ^___^
Really? LOL. I am looking for a pic of me throwing up the rock sign or something, they will love that!
are we watching you drive live now!?
The entire state of North Carolina appears to be under construction.
Her stank donkey's butt jackass.:_:-)
We want innovation without experiencing failure. We want to embrace the new without risk. We want to adapt but fear the death of familiarity
oh boy LOL so you got a Facebook? add me if you do!
You mad my nigga, Shit its hard not too.
pls get ur sis. I'm trying to write and she is in the kitchen, cooking stew and twerkin to 112 :-/
#SXSW has officially changed from the Interactive crowd to the Music crowd.
Had coffee, finished a book, loaded dishwasher, applied for a job. Not bad for 10:30 a.m.
ya or thiers something on tv haha
Researching potential clients is highly important!!
yes brother jabril, yes
My goal for today is to take photos around the neighborhood. This includes Margie the cat, ducklings, and the illegally parked orange Honda.
Thanks Trevor. I think that would probably be the best way to go. Would you recommend doing so?
that he's 30, or that he acts that way at 30? #carefulimthirty. (:
lol If you like country music you'll like him
will check on that for you and tweet back. thanks for the headsup.
Feels to good outside to be in class
DING DING DING DING :)
Get up and get your grind in gear!!
Falling for new cut, Falling for you....check out on youtube....gorgeous voice!!
lauging @ the MYSPACE GANGSTER lookin like the dead BITCH 4rm the RiNg..! dnt let ur BD dis u again in front of his wife's FRIENDs..! hahah
Up. Wat's tweets?
Quote for the Day! It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Donna Summer R.I.P. Damn, another good one.
I like being high cuz its a better view...
Getting ready to go watch my sons 1st field day. Got my video and still cameras ready to shoot.
Thanks! Glad to be back. Nothing makes me miss the USA like being in Europe! :)
Thanks for the amazing soaps! Feel like eating them :)
never say I tried to get you followers. (X
I love Pentatonix! Aren't they amazing?
a little of both ;) just a quick trip. Beauty of living so close.
Turkey Cheeseburger witt.... fried onions ketchup and... french fries.. Yum
save the date: May 7....CBS 48 Hrs...Lisa Stone's story! www.fortheloveoflisa.org
Preparing to be overwhelmed by geeky awesomeness. :)
Your pain and your passion is connected to your purpose
T-mobile is the worst cell phone company ever established!
can't remember. Younger fellow, has girlfriend that works at Kent school district.
Artists unite! " #PipeDreams... the #plumbing of #Life..." ~rnd
It's SO HOT that ...hot water comes from both taps.
Anyone gots some shoes I could borrow?
Sometimes you have to let someone be wrong. It's better than wasting time arguing.
Will do! Mahalo! Hope you are doing well!
Rhum agricole uses the sugarcane juice, like cachaça... Jamaican style is a 19th c. style ... funky, flavorful, spiced.
Sittin outside of school waitin for my mom to pick me up during crazy 80 degree Michigan weather
I literally will be up all night packing and cleaning up. I'm not ready for this. Not ready to leave.
Wallace and gromit. Google it
Spring is here...Think it'll finally snow?
It's whatever.
Knowledge is not a guarantee of good behavior, but ignorance is a virtual guarantee of bad behavior. -Nussbaum
This twitter page is only about info at the Fells location- to be honest most of us haven't been to the Savage location
glad you are on board as we cashed two easy winners,and move to 4-0 this week I #playtowin and have connections around the world
Life is burritoful! :-)
Cycled another 17 miles today, now the battle between me and the kitchen begins.
Yo Gov, hate to break it to ya, but cutting the House Page Program and saving that 5mill a year, aint gonna get us our A rating back.
Boswell as a member of Charles II's court: dangerous men in danger.
your loser . Lol
RT Putting the "wanna" in Tijuana, bienvenido a Twitter!
it's fine lol
talked me into it. Watching now.
i know! I couldn't believe that! poor thing
lol ya just entered to see them in dallas wbu
This is what I was talking about last night -->
Looking forward to the family party today.
Long Island City Is Perking Long Island City's coming of age has been much desired and long delayed. But development in the waterfront Qu
So the city of Denver was named after the last Dinosaur? Or vice versa?
Trying to figure out if I can squeeze in Dewey's 24hr #readathon. Four mile race on Sunday, so I would need to sleep some. Or, would I?
Fuck stress have sex
Thx for staying up late to watch Monica. Much appreciated.
Some lady asked if she could buy my hair....
what imma go to bed for? Tha night's still YOUNG!!
Thanks for the recommendation!
Good morning, Willow! :)
I got ghost chiles on my mind- muy picante!
$20 million of government waste in #PembrokePines to be turned into vocational school for #Broward residents
Dirty mouth? Clean it up, with new orbit mint mojito.
Who knew chooing and designing your class ring is so difficult!!!
yow fbi watch fb you zeet
So far everyone that tweeted me has better seats than I do . O.m.g.
Learned something funny about my mom yesterday on our day outing: she has had enough of Florence and the Machine, she says.
hahah. How was your night?
First draft of group study homework is done. Time to get ready for the marathon of parades today!
Hmm lets think of a bout TT.
shit.like always.well like sometimes haha ok ima shower.see you for dinner<3
Hey , how about dropping an or track from 's mixtape ;) Now that's some bhangra superstars!
The other guys to funny!!
Great call. While you're at it, would you teach him to play harmonica? I don't want to leave him without a livelihood.
"your grandma was a poor person? No offense thats kinda of gross" - little girl I'm baby sitting talking on the phone with her friend
whiryball is officially my favorite sport.
wont answer my fbook msg but i bet he'll see this tweet tho! smh!
thanks for the fun times last night , lets do it again sometime!
Haven't twitted all day, I'm slacking
TeamOMG Stay Talking Mess But Nobody Even Knows Wth They Look Like Cause All They Do Is Hide Behind OMG Girlz Pics STFU
I put my iPhone on shuffle and it made me realize some of the songs on my phone are soo weird haha :)
I wonder if my mama will cook me breakfast
fuck snow , yea right fuck snow
Tigers fan:- Why does rain hates the Yankees so much? Yankee Fan:- We get tht hate a lot.
I've lived in Milwaukee for 6 months and have had to call each month about my internet bill. Seriously, your service is horrible.
Compromise is wise sometimes--we live to fight again. Weakness is unwillingness to compromise . Obama has not caved, progressives have.
yow my cuz just wrote on facebook he comment on a girl picture on say sexy boby G - shit
RT : best approach to a talk I've heard in a while! Great job man! Very informative session! (Thanks a bunch!)
Pleasure meeting you Monday night in Memphis! Had a lot of fun. Enjoyed the showcase and meeting new people! see you on the tour
The Project Diaries Available September 30th, 2010
thank Im gonna reject it. Dont trust those players as much as ARod. I think the 2.1 for 2.8 swap wouldve done it tho
Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass...
We r s crewed
Having excerpts of 's book read to me as I drive through TX and OK. Love it!
I knowww!! Hey I have an idea, you should sneak back to america with cody then come with him to Indy!!!! Hahahaha
i'm just staying up late to Skype you <3
Last week a lady said I looked like the young Elvis.. Liked that one better
One Direction Giveaway !
Register for our upcoming fall events today! Awesome opportunities and a great way to help cancer research!
What's the method for reporting offensive comments in articles. You've got an antiSemitic one in your "missed votes" article
Thoughts and prayers to friends and fam in Dallas / Ft. Worth. Lots of tornadoes and bad weather. Hang in there.
Yep, plural. Sort of like the old joke about what's worse than finding a worm in one's apple (half a worm). ick.
I hate when guys refer to girls as 'Bitches' ; Calling a girl that won't make you look 'cool'.
Great day in #Zion today! Off to for an ass juice tonight with our new friends!
Now watching: Notorious B.I.G. Behind the Music on
Is there a bigger waste of money than naming a star after someone?! I bet Sarah Phillips runs that shit too.
Time Magazine's new cover is a 26 year-old mom breastfeeding her 4 year-old.. What is the age at which its no longer cool to offer the teet?
5... Per week... Woulda had more but 2 towns in my territory don't allow drive thrus.. woulda had 40-50.
here comes your receipt!
Setting 6 alarms so you can wake up from your nap and go to class.
: The time for compromise on the #debtceiling is NOW. No more delay!
uh, yeah. i took it easy on the way in, too.
love u
Awesome! I really would like to help out with merch/street team stuff. I helped sell in MI for you and Matt and I loved it!
#ICantStandPeople who can't go like 5 minutes without lying !
Shower flow!!!!
Careful out there Seattle, it's gusty!
Nova's hurt. :(
On this day, 1953, in my great-grandparents home, my mother was born! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MOM!!! I LOVE YOU!!!
Word of the Day: Brainspin- The inability to sleep because of your mind fixating on a thought.
: We need to seek & to find a method of instruction, by which we may teach less, but learners learn more."John Amos Comenius
WEBN and the Whiz pump me up.
Farrah, now Micheal. What a day A world without Micheal.
Thing is, '60s were ripe with creativity: Light My Fire/Bluebird/G.Harrison/Hendrix: Wind Cries Mary defined a genre of guitar.
get me with the
Time Warner Cable is the worst ever. I need my MSG
Nice, good luck!
ZOMG I DON'T BELIEVE MY LUCK! EffeminateLemming.com is available!
Wow. Doing a walkthru of the after party venue. This is going to be amazing.
Really wish I could go see play at amped tonight. :(
#nfais transliteracy is not the same as information literacy, but might get you swarthy.
It's funny how my twins won't let me fit the little dresses I like!
I'm so tired of all this :( I'm being pushed to my breaking point and all I have to blame is myself.
I went to last year to see 's graduation and it was special
Not yet :) Did you just now get yours?
anybody else been listening to 's 'widower's heart' nonstop for like two weeks?
first step of #filmmaking is #scriptwriting so today we're getting our frenzy on let the games begin
Off the top of my head he should try: SPCALA (Long Beach), 562/570-7722; Pasadena Humane Society , (626) 792-7151.
you sing like a sweetheart
“: The number of followers you have does not make you any better than anyone.. Hitler had millions.. Jesus had 12” I love it
All I want for Christmas? A victory over
kinda figured so. lol
I understand..sometimes it beez like that!
See you in a few hours for #sfmayor event...groundbreaking!
thank you baby o:-)
Would you mind in dj headphones sounds beautiful
I used to watch them too, with my daughter... and son. Too much fun to miss. : )
That works for me... . If that doesn't work, I can DM you my personal address. Thank you so much!
Pictures of you by the Cure just does it for me.
nothing beats the cool weather and colors this time of season.. We're still in the 80s here in
I big hoodie or a small one? They would both be huge on you.
Late night Oreo run with
that's awesome!
Love Selena Gomez.So popular and nice.
Boring to some, but always a great day for me, watching #themasters. Don't judge.
oh, I support it, but much of it existed in the 80s in Smalltalk IDEs
has an alter ego it's
Oh, and happy Earth Day Milwaukee! Tonight's specialty cocktail will be a $5 Green Machine.
melodic adjective relating to the melody (=main tune) of a piece of music
Whoever designed the PS3 Black Ops multiplayer...try harder next time.
That has to be pretty cool, having Derek Jeter give you congrats on your first Major League Hit.
Good luck tonight have fun tonight and I think you will do good because your amazing :)
Some laws are meant to be changed because they make no sense! #Morocco wake up!
The FW has it right: "if what jessica chastain says is true, I hope I never meet terrence malick."
profile of the average commenter:
you like it. Lol. Oh boy
We can all unite, through the music of life.
needs some attention
Nature does nothing uselessly. -- Aristotle
Haha... you refereed to us as "her" so we were cofused! :)
How do you not turn that?
i see you BATTIER!
Damn tell us how you really feel! Tebow stays classy...NY reporters don't play! #tebow BUT still no mention of Elway...hm
If I am in NY I will cook for you!
Opened 99 to 900, LP and BB call, I cbet 223r for 1600, LP calls, turn T, bet 3200, river J, bet 3200, he calls with AT...meh
Ahh, I hope I look as pretty as you did. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#np When your lost and tired, when your broken in two, let my love take you higher, cuz I still TURN TO YOU <333
cant wait to get to ASU in the fall
For all kids and youth going back to school, if you see bullying - stop it. Tell a teacher. Tell a friend. Tell a parent.
Sleep is for the weak...
u uggs man
Getting ready for Day 2 of Chatty Crafty, amid one of the best selections of vendors I have ever seen. See you there, Chattanooga!
When i move i shall make it a point to go eat at Perkins at least once a month!(:
is lord of the thundercatss
Is it me or does VP Biden look like he has gas?
Oh I sure hope not hahaha...
so I need a job..ha
Anyone know what is using to get spotlights around its live screen demo?
Romney: No reason he is running. Newt: 1 reason he is running.
At the Acqua Al 2 wine tasting event..the food and wine combos are delicious...www.acquaal2.com
summer :D
At work #DiamondsSouth watchinh these gurls shake dat ass. Ready to go home
Hey *high five* I'm sick too! :D lol I have a sore throat...wbu?:)
RT : [Removal of Unitrin letters] Reverse Urban Wheel of Fortune.
Fantastic! Just reposted this.
As if I wasn't having a tough enough time liking Ramirez.
What a dream come true! 's #TheDramaYears is such a devotion to her passion and Girl Talk's mission. We couldn't be more...
I'm off so it can happen.. RT : I wanna fuck the shit outta #oomf this weekend.
that's why we like him.
RT Also: I need caffiene. Stat. All that's in the store right now is Diet Dr. Pepper... And that shit's anathema.
Just finished watching “Back to the Future” and after all these years it’s still one of the greatest movies of all time!
he got addicted to crack
...I WANT TO PLAY YOU IN BASKETBALL. I HEARD YOU ARE PRETTY GOOD. WHATS UP MR. PRESIDENT? YOU SCARED HUH!
RT : This is an interesing fact I just learned: First cousins can marry in NC. (Unless they are of the same sex, I assume).
I find it fascinating when someone can express themselves more eloquently in their 2nd language than I can in my native tongue.
Thank you, Megan! Really! :D
Like Universal Studios during spring break, AWP has closed registration to ensure safety. Good thing. Writer stampedes are ugly.
Foreclosure auctions banned from downtown San Diego courthouse steps. [with court order] bit.ly/os0cnC
Amen to that!
wat u been on
if anyone else needs photo edits please tell me
are you in San Antonio? because I have a friend who's saying on here how hot all the AF boys are haha
QWrap) Donald Clark, ISD and ADDIE historian & beer and scotch drinker
I want one!!
thanks to two beautiful ladies!
Oh Barry, you're too much. RT Pres. Obama: "I'm just a sucker for the Tar Heels."
yes, done research... Not donating but like the idea of "making him famous" war criminals that rape young girls deserve vengeance
excellent! how about 15 minutes or so? 6:50?
A 21st century sentence: "Son, you have to watch youtube or TV--you can't watch both."
OMG OMG OMG THE BOYS ARE ON E!!!!!
oh shit dont remind me I gotta be at this lame ass job back on monday
Nospectacle now at Bookies tavern.
Best touchdown ever
my #megabus driver legit played a pirated planet of the apes...have a feelin his superiors wouldnt like being associated w such activities
haha I'm the best at fangirling! Could you help get #1DtoOmaha trending? We're dying out here trying to get to boys to see us! <3
Lol aye its the truth if im only talkin to a girl for one reason I dont wanna talk to u unless were bouta to smash
My main squeeze is in Baltimore so I guess I'll snuggle up with my puppies tonight,
“: how have you been doll?”good! Miss ur energy & now want spaghetti :)
thank you for the kind words!
I'm going to sleep Goodnight
Come bail me out of here and let's go frolic in a field! Work schmerk!
If you've never tried running in the rain- definitely a must!! Goodbye toxins, hello freedom
I'm very hungry
Wondering if listening to my end of recorded interviews is ever going to get less excruciating.
Long Island Medium
I have some incredibly awkward run ins sometimes...
maybe Bi? Or just a straight up freak hah
follow cafe 41 and pizzeria a new downtown restaurant in financial district! :)
Hear, hear!
If #thurston decided we needed to chnge electric/gas delivery why switch to govt run vs. Co-Op where "we the people"own and reap benefits
“: #moment4life driving down U Street with singing Dog Days Are Over @ the top of our lungs.” Love that song! Memories.
God bless America! I am officially pissy! Can't #followback nobody, everything I do is 'forbidden' wtf?? Any help is appreciated! :)
It wasn't tonight! Bo
Then, why u just don't answer your phone the first time?
Will you be staying in CA? Or working out of HH? And again, congrats!
So, my Google+ looks super fly. Now all I need to do is get social - so, add me, friend me, circle me, do what you gotta do.
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW- InSpotter mobile app
Light Skinned Niggas Scream like Females when they see they Homeboy in the Club.. "Ah Jeff, I aint seen you in forever!"
You called me bitch for short , i'll call you motherfucker for long ..
Doin' the kitchen shimmey to the Commodores 'Lady'...impossible to not at LEAST tap your toe. Wish I had on roller skates and sequins...
Best of luck to #AztecForLife Kawhi Leonard. NBA debut at 5pm on NBATV...Go
Haha oh god..I totally envisioned you in pedo form right now saying that. I'm so creeped out! :P
I fucking hate crazy copy ladies!
Would kill for good coffee right about now
your momma let you date, baby? ;)
Which pair of shoes made it out of the closet and into today? obvi. Rain rain go AWAY.
Who is the best singer of all time?
Thinking about what I want in a girl, but not being able to find her...
I said I only wanna work a max of 20 hours a week, and I will definitely will be working 30 hours the next few weeks....
#Beirut #Lebanon in 6 days !!!
Stats test took me 2 1/2 hours <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>I need a beer <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Dead tired and it's hot as hell outside
“: Horny :)” i wanna suck ur Dick im horny to
the Pythagorean theorem is so sexy.
Good morning world
where do i know you from?
Anyone know any future bad ass programmers in the Detroitish Area? Let me know.. we got a super secret internship brewing.
RT : RT : "Very disappointed by statements at SC GOP debate supporting waterboarding. Waterboarding is torture."
Agreed. Bush might make a good buddy or a good neighbor, but not a good president.
The DC Hackathon was very impressive! Looking forward to Maker Mondays!
got what i wanted now what
If you think that some day it's going to occur, some day it possibly will happen.
wat a stupid mother f-er a dumb ass son of a B kick me out of his tinychat room whille i was talking to my friend jon are you serious?!?!?!?
Hi Wendy! Thank you for confirming. Everyone who participates is sent the mailing address link. Only actual winners were...
Hanging out with my two little favorite people in the world ;-)
Don't Cry for Me: Madonna Parties on in Wake of Pirated Demo
New boys top 20 pop!
saw a job for a social media copywriter that called for 7+ years of social media experience. is that possible?
uninsured that face high hospital bills-the sys currently has protections. just have to know what they are. info is power
Hayward leaving #Butler for the #NBA? WWW.ussportspages.com
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Rise & Grind - Hello Monday ! Another week to be your best. Good Morning Tweeps!
God has prove to me that he is still in control...love you father.
<--- Voben to music
How is #Jagr not trending?!? Maybe no one outside Pittsburgh or Detroit cares about Jagr.... Maybe
All Or Nothing just came on my Pandora. Remembering the good times with
Up and ready for the grind
#BHAG = "big hairy audacious goal" from Sascha Lewis, CEO of
ima about to take u to another level bitch ! MONSTER ha it kills me..
Really diggin her!!
Who else gon invest in u if u don't invest in yourself
First day no soda.. I think I may be losing my mind calling people the wrong names and dropping a bowl of crackers! Go Me!!!!
yes, I do struggle if it is more than me. Suggestions?
Up n at 'em... Well UP anyways.. There's nothing to open to be 'at 'em' just yet ;)
OMG I DMED YOU ITS SO IMPORTANT LIKE REALLY PLEASE ANSWER OR ILL CRY<U+E023>
Unless they're going to succumb to a juicy screaming fight, the guys drunkenly, loudly, & amiably chatting down on the street can shut it.
Anger manages everything poorly.
ORA A*** LMFAO :) ": Today is national punch the bitch who annoys who most day!"
Goodnight moon, goodnight dragon, goodnight star w/ a breath mint in ur nosey poo, goodnight turd w/ corn in it, good morning evil spirits!
Do you have the link to the video where justin say's that his fans are a little inappropriate ? :o
There's this dude sleeping on the train, but he has his Mariachi music on total blast from his Blackberry
Happy Friday everyone! Eat healthy today...
Most females gay !
it was!!! I was doing my happy dance
Empty McDonalds bag in the trash in the men's room.
yep, we must've been typing that at the same time.
A good friend is one who shows up in your life, who shares moments that matter.
guys send me your favourite songs please :) will be very grateful xx.
": Starving!"lol u always starving
see you :)
sure :D
More #FF Tweeps to add to your xmas list: (I love this app) and
Sure! Maybe Wednesday after TFI. Does that work?
speaking live Fred Dicker's says he hopes to get NY works passed - a jobs program in budget
Coffee = Happiness! Haven't I said this before?
#DontDeleteICONicBoyzTwitter ! please tweet it to me !!!! - ashley (:
Haha we do? And thanks (:
New topic - Again E1: Will the lens be damaged if a weatherresitent body leaks?
I's gots lotta opinions which seem to place me in the "liberal"/"progressive"/"leftist" box. (Except I don't mind making money.)
Open Office - freeware
We'll be on most likely June 3rd at the Down and Out, and I'll most likely be in your audience on the 7th.
My Mom is such a cunt
Butler 3 for it's last 17.
thx for the follow handsome! Xoxo! ;)
I hate when someone tweets at me and then deletes it right away and I never get to see it. What did it say? What's in the boo??
Happy belated birthday and enjoy your weekend!
Dangg lol go get some sleep ahaa, I slept alright tho sweetheart (:
so fun meeting you!! Looked for you after the show to give you my card but couldn't find you. Yay for twitter! ;)
watchin some weird shit with high but who cares
I think it's a yes..haha.
you no answer?
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
the only thing cigarettes are perfect with is cancer and lungs
ok well post THAT picture.
And super thanks to the #CrankyTalk team, for their late night house call and presentation intervention.
If only there was a happy ever after... </3
#Houston's new #AppleStore in #HighlandVillage to open March 16.
hey gurl, my mom just told me she saw your mom at kohl's and it reminded me to ask you again about the driver manual!
,and more will be in the spot!! $5 Drinks allnite!! Security by X-Men!! So No bs This Way!!! VIP Sold Out!!! This is gon bang!
Nothing like a great haircut to start off the week
dawg we need the code to boost our followers turbo style lol
well, well, I believe it's gin o'clock.
Wish me luck with testing today. I'll need it.
rt : think it's hard getting along with someone? what if you were a two-headed #dragon kenrolston.com/?p=4006 #draw365”
Bout to get my grades up
Going to see the plain old Harold tonight. None of this experimental improv bullshit.
Come join us for thanksgiving brunch in the Abq Grill! Make your reservation today 505.830. 5791
Thanks for the follows! and .
I'm so jealous! Where are you going in the Caribbean? St. John is my favorite! What about the 24th or 25th?
I do not drink much ether,, just like tequila shots now and then...
Making tea like a British little bitch.
thanks for the tip. Will do!
No rain. Yet. (Hide yo kids, hide yo wife)
is there an Arrested Development reference here that I can't recall?
We seriously have the SAME opinion about this! Look at all of my last tweets! theirs alot tho lol
You would. How's NOLA?
I know you have been waiting for this but I officially understand why you give so much shit.
Beautiful day in Chicago
For perspective Suh got caught that happens a lot you just never see it..Right ? Hell no but not uncommon even in HS football
#terranova so it was a kid in the bag I thought for sure it was drugs its always drugs
Happy birthday to my nigga cody!
Wait Wait Wait.... Liriano is coming out of the bullpen now?....
Read the group presentation assignment carefully and tweet any questions you have, being sure to use #mscdeng3510 in your tweet.
Star Wars: TOR coming to Xbox 360!
Are y'all tuned in to the game?? Phoenix at San Antonio! #PITTSBURGH #support. !
#Jets now have Holmes and 2 old, old wrs with ? Depth. They may be calling TO or Moss before season ends.
Oh you go to my school *block*
To-Doom list. I like it. ;) I feel your pain and pouring a glass of wine can help at times, for sure. And a good cardio session.
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL, especially So you irrelevant hating fucks can sit.
haha you're definition of haterade...or maybe even troll, have to hold on to that.
ohai. My Name is Angela and im the only ugly Mahomie.
Wednesday nights might make my DVR explode. Why can't it record four shows at once??
thank you. Love you
Swag on maximum mind on taxing em
Had a major thunderclap in Tonawanda. If that was an explosion, god help us.
tweet who ever you want hon its your choice
if anyone experienced an issue in Magento where the imported product image was not set to default. We found the solution.
thanks for the RT
Bruins clinched the 2 seed tonight. See you in 6 weeks with
you're in denial thats ok. I understand... Now i get it. My favorite by marsha abroious is lose myself. You should listen to it
How many tickets remain for the winemaker dinner ? We'd call soon not to be disappointed!
i love the way dances!!
no #shoppingaddiction here, just stocking up on #whitehot stuff for a long playoff run. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Why are we twitting? www.nathanseth.com
"What do you mean 'you people'?" He set you up perfectly for it, you just missed it!!
Oh no...oh no. I'm on the bad dirty bad scary part of the Internet, and yet...
Thanks a lot , we're honored and excited about all the music people are rediscovering in their lives. It's a real pleasure.
I'm never in withdrawl. (I make and sell ren faire clothes for a living. It's all bodices all the time.)
hey man thanks for the follow check our band Jaded new song "Stage 5"
The Min pronz is back on my dash again... yes yes
I'm a broke college student I can't YOLO yet
MiNES iS GREAT! THANKS F0R ASKiNG! ( :
Prolly bout to hit up A&M..
If you use pandora.com and get annoyed cuz you run out of "nexts" start usin Last.fm its just like pandora but WAYY better. unlimited nexts!
Apparently, I have about 40 mice living in various locations throughout my house. They are here more than I am, but it's still MY house.
only if the person who sees it understands it...so I send you off to college and you...
I knew skynet was real
RT : Bad Boys 2 never gets old!!
Man: "Did I hear that those cupcakes are free?" Girl:"Gluten free." Man:"Oh fuck that"
My knees feel like they've been hit with a hammer...
LOLOLO You said to do it! LOL Just went live today man, need that love!
i wish i could talk with u guys.
The Wire / The Sopranos / Mad Men
why did I think it would be a good idea to go to bed at 3:46 am when I knew my alarm was going off at 6am...#stupid!
sure! What is it?(:
Watching perform on the Grammy's! She looks stunning! So gorgeous
Is so blessed to experience this amazing music being made in the city of New Orleans.
Thanks for a killer meal last nite...loved every course and every minute! Dine on the line rocks, and so do you.
Talking to her <3 <U+2705> Music on <U+2705> #NBAPlayoffs2012 <U+2705>
- My guess that JW has been called much worse than "Ed" in the past few months
Hattrick and it's 234! 8th hattrick of the season and 18th for Barcelona! Crazy good!
do you want to DM instead? Feel like we're clogging up people's feeds. lol.
Adam was supposed to live 1,000 years, but sacrificed 70 years so that the eternal life he took away could be given back by David.
would u get the damn fox contract signed...
My sister got the cutest graduation dress from Forever 21 :')
My mom is so exited about your album coming out. Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy. (; <3
Time to eat. From the deli... For the economy!
If there's one thing I have learned about money it's that I have a lot to learn about money.
": Hate when people be like "your a girl you cant smoke" , wtf a bitch that can roll one up w/ you is a keeper"
Thank you!! I'm really excited!! That's awesome, I'm happy for you too!! I've just been finalizing all my college stuff.
No Fab Melo for 'Cuse! Not good for the Orange!
Now is the really perfect time to invest in it, particularly for first time property buyers.
2012 film watching! #15. Best Worst Movie ( Stephenson, 2009). Very funny and awkward documentary about the best work movie ever Troll 2.
U tried to trade on my naivete,but the things u do and say embarrass me,see once upon a time I was ur fool,but the one I leave behind is u.
I'm glad he trust me enough to tell me ANYTHING.
Both Of Us
Great fun to work on edits on a great book | Drafted:The Mostly True Tales of a Rear Echelon Mother F**ker.
Thank you for the kind words.
I rather be #intelligent then #irrelevant!!
Happy Holidays from everyone here at Stars 4 The Cure!
#iCantBeTheOnlyPerson who sleeps without socks !
Okay... The "James Closet" isn't working so well for me anymore. Thinking about taking it down...
#cardiobarre, then #work... too sleepy to move!
Black and Yellow!!! #Steelers!
Good Times on Tyler Perry's Marriage Counseling. Tomorrow back to Flight with Robert Zemeckis
hate hate hate hate
it was awesome! “: Glad you enjoyed hearing from Howard at ! Thanks to for a great event!”
Have a great night Farmers, come by tomorrow and say Hi.....
Saturday night at Lola's in Ft.Worth!
haha....and do remember that mommy is always correct. almost always, anyway. at least until you're 5!
Mammoth splits weekend series with - Colorado 8-2 on season and in 1st place in West. Bye week awaits.
She still seems around eighteen to me!
Happy #spaceandsex day!
National Caviar Day. Break out the bubbly and celebrate!
Apparently, we just had a 4.5 quake.
Imagine how many crazy yes-people have to be on a payroll to create the #MichelleBachmann presidential support system.
trapped in me there's a little african child trapped in me.
thanks for putting the video together!
Only eating homemade jerky eliminates that problem.
I know some of yall hos like real freaky shit, like bein tied up wit yall legs behind your head while hamsters an gerbils is runnin around
10 - 10:30. Hopefully the rain lets up. If only we could convince yamadoug!
I think i can read Morgan's lips there.....
K & her troop are selling Girl Scout cookies at HEB at 1604 & Bandera. Come on by!
Why, yes. I do smell what the Rock is cooking. Smells like man.
RT : It's true - no ROTHBURY in 2010. But we're not sayin' you've seen the last of us... www.rothburyfestival.com
Telling lies as usual. Or am I?
People who have the luxury of not needing 40+ hr/wk job, should probably ease up on those that don't have that luxury.
Tomarrow Seattle nectar lounge for coast2coast industry mixer who's going. My car has one spot left. Leggo
Ever pump away on a chick so much you gotta take a 2 hour nap after? MMJ freebie
always enjoy chatting with you. Thank you for your participation and passion
So what we get drunk so wat we smoke weed were jus having fun we dnt care who sees lln(evn if we dnt do none of tht)
Idk why I'm up knowing I gotta be up in 4 hours
Ice-T & Coco are seriously one of the CUTEST & sweetest couples! :)
I feel like I have that "need" at least twice a year. So hard to come by!
Leadership is knowing that the culture can be envisioned, planned and built. It's not something you have to be a victim of.
wants to chair the Gang Violence Task force in #pdx. Good idea or bad idea?
that would be freedom of stupidity...what were they opposing, what did they accomplish
Rebel America lands Instrumental song placement for Comedy Central's - TV Promo Campaign 2011
like, would it bother you?
Ok, these Adobada tacos are pretty fucking amazing.. and so is my mango margarita!
I'm mad he called me little red riding hood though -.-
Douche bags
that's for damn sure!
5. Make sharing easy (social sign-on)
lol sorry! Let me know the next time you come
23 days until summer
so young, so reckless.
wedding is April 21! Excited :)
I cant't find my carmex and its driving me crazy
Awesome! I'll have to keep an eye out for it. The stuff I have now tastes like chalk. Not delicious.
You better be in on this also. And it's completely necessary that bras and panties are green. And possibly say kiss me.
You can't write "what... matters are the photos... which can be 'liked' and 'pinned,'" sans contempt, right? ...right? eek.
#helc12 excuses- participating in an"occupy some thing" How about Occupy Online Classroom? :-)
is wearing jams and looking forward to that beer and watching Idol
Sorry I missed you, but have to head out now. Maybe hang out later?
lol I was wondering if they'd even be open haha In my defensive I've already given my car an oil change & cleaned my kitchen
This is a trick question, right? RT Is anyone at the coliseum?
Reading exercise blogs to get some motivation & energy. Apparently tht only worked for so long. :(
Do you believe in magic?
gaz remember i talked 2 u about dahvie helping you out? but look at it now its put in a different story but im glad for you gaz :)
can u give me some clues on how to dress like rocky on shake it up? Like what stores to go to and what rocky wears
What does Jesus’ suffering mean for you?
I am cheering for #GoBuffs over #UNLV on #MMLive. Be my upset pick!
how in the world are you guys going to scrape together $3.00?!?
I wonder if the good citizens of Mexico go crazy and party 'til they puke on July 4?
To #VRA_ARLIS2011 Take the light rail. Follow the signs in the airport. Get off @ Nicolette. Go 5 blocks W on Marquette 2 10th St
Winter Farmers Market at #Carmel City Center runs from 9 am to noon every Saturday thru March 17th (except Dec 24 and 31). Come on down!!!
omg the regular stuff we do on mondays! Just go!
the other time, me and my brother saw many angels together in the sky. I believe they were singing :)))
May today god help lift your spirits up to handle whatever is being thrown at you & to keep u motivated & inspired.
I didn't know you used Drupal. Use it a lot or just looking into it? I only ask cause recently I started using it more heavily.
When performing a Phase I ESA remember to have all areas open during your site visit. It may help lower the risk on your property!
r kelly
will u be able to roll for the gig today?
I want you as my breakfast legs spread and all ;)
you are
were you at broadway sings Adele?! I swear you look so familiar! :)
RT : I'm having a blast at the product design mid-term critiques as guest interviewer. Musical cooking,...
you and sleep don't seem to get along
I would agree, but I already changed all the clocks..... =(
E-books, audio books popular
even if we did, only me and would see it!
lol well the head fell off from the rest if the body
Yankees r losing I'm going to cry my eyes out brb
Awww your dog is too cute! It's a chiwawa right?
The lifeguards endorsed DeMaio must be sorry he said it was okay to let people drown at our beaches during prop D campaign.
thank you to all my followers i do follow back
Fucking YouTube won't let me upload a video for "Cameras". God damn Copyright...
NEWEST BLACK CROWN VISUAL CALI SWAG DISTRICTS FAST LIFE OFFICIAL VIDEO - WATCH - THAN RETWEET
- Thanks for the RT. I appreciate it.
I'm done with my homework!!! Yay!!!
DAYS OF THE WEEK FACES: Monday :( Tuesday :/ Wednesday :| Thursday :) Friday :D Saturday ^.^ Sunday -_-
"God's got His hand on you so, Don't live life in fear...."
ps. You mentioned knowing some good people out here in Seattle? (I was the one who relayed hellos from ) :)
Can't nobody tell me nuthing (nothing)...
And hell, Star Jones'd been on her 3rd book deal and 4th mini-series on the subject by now!!!
Wow why did the #royals fire Frank White as a broadcaster... Stupid
May the 4th be with you c;
ah what a shame. GSO is the best. We could've treated y'all right.
Watching the new year celebration on TV. Man...there ' s no real music! Just random pretend rappers...I miss the 90s
Stutz Art Space is closed in Jan. as we gear up for "10 Yards," our tribute to the "Big Game," opening Thu., Feb. 2.
Adam Yauch has meant so much to my life that I'm at a total loss for words. His passing is devastating. Much love, MCA. One of the greats.
Seriously pondering if our ISP just went out of business.
What's a 30-hour famine?
Okay if you have a Porsche why the hell are you on the road driving like you in a Honda!!!! lmao
free drinks with friends. But you're right
hopefully 3 way call wiff :-) I THINK YES
A bit late on the reply but it was great to officially meet you as well! What a MASSIVE Saturday...
if it gets too bad, you can just declare email bankruptcy and delete it all.
thank u :)
So sore from tubing. Omg.
Sounds like a great team this year. :)
Nick Jonas' mystery date via
The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va., Justin Jackson column - Chicago Tribune
Slow news day in San Diego...
Are you seriously going to try to get these?
Free Willy Nelson.
I have 50 you have 49
#20ThingsAboutMe i love my kids
Meow meow
UGH! Tomorrow is a full day of school.... Great.
where are you?
LMFAOOOOO IM SO SORRY
today went by so slow omfg
thats wassup... so what do you do for fun?
Watching the #SAGawards tomorrow night?
I repeat: Who's going to Jazz Fest 2morrow Sat April 28?
Wow! thank you so much! you're so sweet
Our ticket deal (three for $20) will be valid all weekend, available at the box office!
We Gone Make It Work
#oomf just told me if i put out more i wont die alone...da fuk LOL #WhoreStatement smh
Love isn't blind it's the ones who don't recognize real Iove who are blind #fact follow me y'all I will def follow u rite back ;)
The only question I have is whether to eat fish before or after the Brewers game tomorrow. Maybe both?
yayyy !! i was born in the year of 1998 . :DD Please follow me Xx
okay do you still have the same number?
Lol you've gotta be kidding me with some of these calls...
however i did not miss that a$$ whooping tha crew put on them redbirds boy!
hahahaah maybe your wish will come true.
Kicking people in the balls - funny and effective since ... Forever!
More photos coming soon! We just started transferring all our photos from our mobile devices!
My thoughts are to ask #a11y/#gaad community to post short vids & we'll show them before "regular" dev/ux/ui meetups
OUR Hearty box will be debuting in October this food is beyond what anyone in Portland is doing~~!!!
We are hearing that our banners and yard signs are being torn down -- we are filing police reports and looking forward.
#NikkiHaley promised more jobs to South Carolinians. One day, everyone can have both the minimum wage jobs they need for family survival.
. Now that's funny!
#Replace1DSongsWithNandos You're Nando's, don't know what for
More to the point, Limbaugh is excellent at knowing how often he can be that outrageous.
The next two people to stop by our booth (628) and mention this tweet will get an iTunes gift card!
Don't set out to be different, set out to be real and then ppl think it's different.
I spend more time there than your average bear, but I'm in recruiting. (over 10% of Linkedin traffic)
"GET YOU BUTT IN REHEARSALS SON!"
Jennifer Hudson!!! Whitney, we love you!!! A moment in music history that we will never forget...
Goodmorning world. Blessed that the Lord allowed me to see this beautiful day.
Feeling sorta sick today so if you'd like a bag of germs, DM me.
At Liberty University, every degree awarded is a BS.
I AM 20, NO LONGER A TEEN!
Not even tryna come back sober.
thanks so much for the follow, and congrats on 'Best Chicago Filmaker'
I'm coining "Self-righteous Annoyance" as a new emotion.
two finals to take and one more presentation
Thanks! Sleep well. xo
I look forward to Monday's radio show and AGT. Did you get a screening of AGT Show 1?
Hi there! So far, so good. Lunch & Eastern Market. Can't wait to see what new things they have. You?
@ Wal Mart lol lets see if anyone knows me youtube. :P
and another show june 8th.
does your Lab guarantee their work and stand by that guarantee?
I'm off town babe x
Gov't shut-down? At least the mail will be on time!
I see no reason to spend money on commercial products when in many cases the OS version is better. Nagios is a prime example.
So upset. Who decides thesep icks? IT'S SO OBVIOUS!
Teens leave #OccupyPortland and gather at Starbucks to talk about how awesome it was to stick it to corporate America.
Hello fantasy victory number 4. The undefeated season continues!
Can't wait to see and tomorrow!
Oh psh that's always the goal there ;) It was a well deserved one to, might I add!
Wondering who will be my 500th follower :))))
In a couple of years, more boy bands will be formed. Fans will come & go. But I know I'll still be here supporting my 5 gay idiots.
#bizforum - what's the current question?
if you ever figure that one out - please share the secret :]
Then again, I'm not listening to a lot of Lawrence Welk these days.
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Did you know...People have been drinking Tea for nearly 5000 years. Drink Tea and have a great day!
OMG BO sighting on the Whit House lawn. He's peeing on a tree.
Playing bass with in #joplin MO tomorrow night! reunion?
Chris colfer is such a great singer
Time and distance keep us apart but u r still in my heart.
Looking forward to tonight's #NBCSDDebate that starts at 6:00 pm!
yes I'll be a wee bit late from work meetings
I'll give them a C+. I love the pitching acquisitions, but I'm afraid Clint Barmes is this years version of Overbay
= best charades actor ever
he's my 2nd favorite! My favorite is SpiderMan :)
Nothing you have done can cancel out your purpose. Pastor Moore
Wow, Dunn managed not to strikeout tonight.
Last semester, students in the classroom section of #EBUS118 campaigned to get to come to campus - my treat.
how's real estate business in Ontario? Congrats on the move!
Today, there is a great deal of debate surrounding comprehensive immigration reform.
Good Morning Twitter! What's Up With Ya?
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
Unity A Journey of Hope...adults have wishes too! c'mon along as we grant wishes and share in our passion!
Today’s MOCA specials: Soup today is Cauliflower and Sugar-free Lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Mother kills her 4 children, shots herself, in Port St. John, Florida
: Give it a few years… We'll be able to say it again...
myhaam, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Gym re-acclimation time.
I know! But...idk
": Logan has a big nose too..." u mean a sexy big nose haha LOL :-)
Giants could probably run the table again,no matter who they take (Even if they waste their 1st rounder on that yung stunna J.R. Ladson)
I just made seasoned home fries. A LOT of them. Got a little carried away.
"Deliberately seek the company of people who influence you to think and act
What is the quickest way to double your money ?Fold it in half !
And thanks to everybody who stopped by the grand opening too. #Philly really came through yesterday
Very true statement! Sometimes people lack the courage to apply it. Life is indeed too short to be stuck in unhappiness.
#DidYouKnow Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie. If you lick 350000 stamps, you will lose 1lb of fat
"Men of courage, men of sense, and men of letters are frequent; but a true gentleman is what one seldom sees." - Sir Richard Steele
Amazing day today, my documentary on health, Nutrition and Incurable Diseases is happening faster and bigger than I thought. Amén
Bummer, Gary... Have fun in NYC.
Saw food vendors in park across the street yesterday... RT : Is there anything in the convention center? Need food!
Thai Sunday. Don't you wish.
Apologies >> RT : Incorrect info has been circulated. #AutoZone does not sponsor ANY politically focused shows.
- Well - no birthday Oreos for you... Unless I see you in Denver tomorrow
oh my gosh :( i ALWAYS miss 's RTing sprees :( dang it!
I miss you btw
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother....
#RT anybody can see we was #made to succeed, so patience lil homie, cuz our time is close at hand....
Trying to get a job. ):
maybe #DarkKnightRises for midnight...maybe. I stay up that late my next day is shot! :) well talk
thanks, I'll be ok. Just working through family times
Mayville are saying. Any leads would be awesome.
“: Romney: "True, I hazed a gay kid. But it's not like I tied him to the roof of my car (evil laugh)."”
Toyota will resume construction of its mothballed Mississippi plant and build Corollas there next year.
Love watching your Show!!! Must meet you !!
Tim Ryan on the Parent Partnership Council presents on his vision for children
Nice, glad to have you following. I am sure I will learn by following you as well.
When God is opening a new door for opportunity, don't back away, step through it. ~
The #SNL cast must be bummed when they bring all these old cast members. Besides the unfunny host i count 1.
Thanks for the RT's Jeannie!
Wish i was at the beach rn #schoolsucks <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><U+2600>
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Buddy Bolton
I'm practically kissing the passenger in front of me
Ty 4 hangin' wit us! ": gotta love the Puff Dragon and the always yummy Nate Dog #Vegas #Foodtruck #Summerlin"
Avoid touching eyes with dirty hands,towels,handkerchiefs and or other materials.
I'm going to stick up for Kyle here. He gets parked for the weekend for putting some1 in the wall. What did Danica get?
Thank you!
o well ..1 more week and home sweet home!!
Dylan was dmanster12 on twitter for a while and has those same hats
Life's a butch then you die, that's why we get high
Attending Intensive Worskhop: Developing Your Social Media Game Plan with ? Head over to Wilder on the 4th floor now!
I'll be right over boo. ;-)
Slow down when eating your food. Don't be a piggy, the benefits of chewing each morsel 20 times is endless.
I need to do more work.
Banksy = Andy Kaufman
Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river
is back! NWSports Toniite 6p Sam&Robin Willis stars of STOMP[IN GROUND Also the day Mike Wallace cried on Ron's shoulder
Ah!!! You'll have to tell me all about it!!
Private school I consult for will implement a full #inclusion model next year: coteaching, differentiation,and embedded #ABA interventions:)
Thank you for sharing those photos...I loved them!!
Thanks for the follow Donna. Cool site.
Hard to pick! Definitely going to and (free s'mores!). Maybe and Venue Bistro. You?
Honey-spiked mint tea and twelve hours of sleep. Big day tomorrow. #aknackforadventure is comin!
Headed to the Pre #LAFW Party later tonight. Who's coming?
Len: "My kids are all atheists, thank God."
Soto's been insanely embarrassing with runners in scoring position the last 2 years.
haha I wish I was there. I'm bored to
have you been here!?(;
bouncing on my ball while I work :)
BLIZZARD IS CHARGING $60 FOR DIRECT DOWNLOAD DIABLO 3
Before Eminem, 3 white boys took black dominated rap scene pass color. Original and unique. #RIP Adam Yauch (MCA of the Beastie Boys).
I just got my dope shirts and stickers and I'm stoked! Thanks!
I NEED THE 's tennis balls!:)
Nice plan! RT : Hdng to later for #Paleo Sunday, Hallelujah Steaks & Holy Brussels Sprouts. Low & slow.
My Sister said was "OK" ( I Starts To Slap U)
- good seeing you & ! Thanks for the taste and conversation regarding "over the top".
hehe yes really :) & well I don't know, I'm busy with studying so I guess I can't :( <U+2665>
lol I know but now reality is setting in
Ugh morning is gonna come way too soon!
If you get excited about the white version of a phone coming out, we can't be friends.
HAPP NEW YEARS
oh my god people annoy me.
read and replied! Outlook thinks you're spammy I guess.
RT : School bullying is not a right of passage, it's wrong & must end.
WE WILL WIN!!!
u r way 2 beautiful 4 dat depressing stuff AJ baby :) cheer up
invent them
O going through the car wash... Scary...
impregnate the game til it has an abortion
now following....follow back!
ill put a pic on twitter when I get home
ur stupid! It's amazing!
#NoHetero > RT There's so many sexy girls in #Dallas to!!!!!!!!!!
another day, another operating agreement drafted
I just changed the time on my laptop. Confirmed today is Thursday. (I was confused). Realized that it is nearly 4 am. Oops
Focus Group, Manhattan, September 8th Looking for cellphone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours
Hey....i love shopping.! lmao...think ima get my tattoo soon too.
saw it! Great show today, Ellen!
“: Good Morning, Congrats on hitting over 1000 followers!! :)” Thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Good Morning
this is great
Finally tried The Bobbie, and oh my goodness... I'm in heaven.
Was this for the WPR gig? I'm curious how it went :)
Measure of absurdity, Lenore
& ' specials are premiering back to back on Saturday!?!
Ur welcome! I see you know the value of being multi faceted in art
4 gs to mine gold underwater in alaska... I'm downn haha
half-shame
but first i must finish this box of cereal and carton of OJ
Just confirmed by Dana, Ed Herman is gonna welcome Jake Shields back to Middleweight at UFC 150!!!
getting a new phone sent to my house by tomorrow :)
S/o to dave for driving me to school (:
time to eat this is the first time we eat this late o:
That's racist. Unless that actually is Jin. I can't tell. They all look the same.
Pssst... its pizza time.
Girl, Never was I on dude we was just talking as FRIENDS MAN!!!!
Two people, one love
interview tomorrow...what's the lowest amount of money I can make and still survive...?
Boys better get a goodnight sleep cuz tomorrow is a Border Battle match against the Gophers I would luv to lace em up
Ah yes... one day my friend:)
in NYC but I imagine lots of awesome things.
lol my nigga its true tho. His earlier shit is better than his shit when he became a thug and went to death row.
the foul calls is ridiculous on the bulls! That's only thing keeping them in the game
lets go lakers we got to pick it up
No. Not this time.
that might compete with the fort I'm building in my basement
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) nana
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had NO idea on how many cool people there were here
If you're staying in town this weekend! Come on in for Happy Hour! We have half-price appetizers, $5 house wines and specialty martinis
What if I have a good idea for helping families who have a child with autism? Where do I begin to make it real?
Join us for Gray Goat's New Years race! RT : #FF to our friends over at So glad to have partners like these guys.
Wow, I had an awesome Bikram yoga class last night. It was the first time I didn't want to die or think I would pass out! Jenn: 1 Bikram: 26
Who is getting excited for the Superbowl? Did you know, residents can rent out the TV room on the first level by the patio! 612-703-RENT
evrytime i hear Tyga far away , i think of my grandmother tht passed B4 i was born :(
Nothing in the books right now but who knows? Its been almost a year now and we're starting to miss the west coast.
If You Think This Song Is About You, It Probably Is.
had a great company vendor rep meeting with Anna today with #Leeds. Thanks Anna!
#Shoutout to my new follower. (:
"I love getting superglue all over my fingertips!" - said by nobody ever.
need any helpinstills tonight? Ha I've got a set an a 1979 Yamaha cp70 that needs your signature in my van. Down?
I think I may go to the beach today..
lol I am right now! A nice slice of pizza :)
thank you for the follow! You are one of my favorite anchors.
Off to our 75th #Chocolate, #Wine, and #Cheese class. Another sellout. Great wines, and great times.
Nope. L boogie my man.
someone smart figure out enrollment for me because I'm about two seconds from freakin' out...
Why would anyone go to the movies this afternoon when its sunny n 75degrees in Wisconsin?
#Oomfs looks so cute in his prom tux(:
Shameful 2 think that 2day we're having same fight over women's basic rights that our moms had 40 yrs ago. Scandalous. Unbelievable
"hey Michelle, I just made up this joke so I hope you like it." that was funnier than the joke! lol
My lunch dude at #metrocafe just loaded up my noodles with the fires sauce that you get at thai places.
...but I'll see if I can get a printout/listing of them for you of the ones we did select.
Pulling An Allnighter Tonight(:
Feeling Adobe Social - now to ensure a CQ integration so content is shared!
have I heard OMTB? I've listened to a few tracks
must get to Walmart. Pronto.
Working on a website for a friend. I hope it ends up as fabulous as she is.
love your show, and can't wait to get a reading!
is it chloe moretz
Rock's not in fan of changing the rule, but he's in favor of changing the rule. Good TV announcers.
Pumped to see the #Pirates lose 3-2 like usual in the #ATL tonight. Would love to see the Buccos get some damn runs w/ their great pitching
what the heck, wrong link. I meant to link the 'accidentally racist' post. I'll try again...
I would have told Niall to stay if I was a bystander and tell them to shut up!
Who still read comic book and collect comic card or game cards?
I worked with you on #BeautifulMind and can't wait to see this film.
Sometimes you have to cry, not because you're weak, but because you've been strong too long..
Sorry for the delay. Had to get my hur did! LOL I'm a ghostwriter. But, I'm also launching a fitness and dating website 4 'us'.
I think I'll ask for a Nobel Peace Prize for Christmas...apparently anyone can get them!!
the return of the long 2
I can't follow you because you post _way_ too much. <U+3054><U+3081><U+3093><U+306D><U+3002>
oh. yes! but i thought my version was more eloquent :)
bein successful in this game ma..what else???
Do bald ppl get dandruff?
Sounds like Tom Bomb. RT : Only my dad would lift weights at the gym while wearing crocs
New profile Picture :D
Poor keeper positioning. What do you boys think?
We're planning all sorts of goodies for the Blues.
My neck my back...
I need water
Stool = Toilet Seat.
Btw they told me poppin models was the single its getting mastered now! Now watch what I do.
Whoa. Watching a screener of Simon Arthur's SILVER TONGUES and am blown away. Lee Tergesen & Enid Graham are fantastic VOD 5/29
LA mayor also testifies in support of SB 1059 (Huff), which doesn't address failure of LA admin leadership 2follow their policy &state law.
I'm ready!! R U? Then March 8 it's MARNI for H&M- Tomorrow is the big day! #JasonWuforTarget cc: #Feb5"
Whoah I have AT&T 3G service in the Cleveland Park station now?
I'm so scared.
Using it with research assistant to transfer big files... that email rejects...works great.
thank you Co-pilot ...
Yayy! Congrats! RT : OMG! Just confirmed admission to !! Can't wait for this Fall!!
Do it. RT : I normally don't eat this late but Chipotle has popped up on my TL 124 times today, and I haven't had dinner yet.
what a gwan voice
Just saw the saddest thing about babies being born dependent on prescription drugs in Knoxville. Come on, society.
Great workshop last night with the hilarious Marissa Ross CD of HIMYM!
My dickFat & Long
Dear , thanks for the Advisory Panel invite(s). Also: my name isn't Molly.
Chatting right now about effectively selling to today’s customer. Join me - Follow
he's not gay he has a girlfriend duh
Starting TOMORROW, we'll be open on Thursdays, 12-6p. Stop in and see us, hang out and do some work, find a quiet space to read/study.
last year my kids came to me and said "dad can we go golfing for fathers day" :) I swear I didnt put them up to it.
Confession of the day: I just stalked Goodwill for something I accidentally donated last week.
Ughh!!!!! It's hard to see friends so sad!!!!! It really breaks my heart to see them heart broken about their love ones! :[
Yeah, I'm listening to Ratatat. Dope artists.
we are invading Green Bay in august hope your ready for some crazy gals
Best day ever!
Congrats to Babe A Fett aka Kara Simpson on becoming a Tough Cookie for the
I'm getting really fed up with this shit
A dear friend of our family died today but for us believers "to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord"!
Couldn't stop laughing!!! <3 "Oh I'm over you now..." ;D
okie man w////e
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can make me laugh without being an ass
Goodmorning twitter world
Always listen to your heart because even though it's on the left side it's always right <3
JDATE line is far better. I gots Bubba Ho-Tep peeps up in this bitch (read: up in the bitch we're not actually in yet)
making music is hard..
I got I jus gotta sit my ass down for a change cats on my head bro!!
Nice Dave.
Almost like Aaron Rodgers hasn't played in a live football game for 3 weeks. Hmm.
Im watching the Packers Thanksgiving game. Am I the only person who thinks Nate Burleson is a complete tool?
I don't like anyone knowing anything about me that I didn't choose to tell them.
Keep it real wit me n ima keep it real wit u, keep it fake wit me n ima still keep it real wit ur fake ass
I hope you plan on giving us a show. You own the stage when you perform. Wishing you luck, man.
RT : Colombians are crazy
Do it all. It'll make each of those that much better knowing how to do it all. : )
Happy Easter rock on!!
congrats on the 10 minute play festival - first week in May at The Complex! Good job! you always make it happen!
Don't get me wrong, you can keep it. Have you heard the Dragon Tattoo sdtrk? It's great mood music.
my horoscope is almost always accurate
RT : Target companies you like. Ilustrate how youll help them solve problems & make/save money. How you will add value!
So...i mention car insurance and I start getting followed left and right by insurance companies haha.
I love how told me he was coming back to Niki's saturday and did not return -___-
How do you outplay a team and lose 7-0? My squirts found a way...
lol how many u gonna do?
Finished up a flat roof Residential this week. Todd did a great Job! Customer very happy!!!
Nordstrom. And the ones I bought that aren't gross and beat up are open-toed...oops.
Oh wait now. What? RT : Yes! Wedding planning here we come!
Feeling this year is THE YEAR!
"Battleship" opens Friday against "What To Expect When You're Expecting." Which one will win the top spot? Will Avengers stay #1?
aww thanks for that Joy, but NOW I have to actually update it;)
but I'm getting there 30:D I'm close to kicking your ass! !!
LETS JUST GET WASTEY PANTS!!
good to know, cause that rep about me having prison sex is, mostly, wrong
HAPPY HOLIDAY'S TO EVERYONE. BE SAFE, BE MERRY, BE CHEERFUL AND BRITE.
that thing needs a brazilian wax!
if u want it to be , master
If you own a dog, check the CRAP out of them for ticks. Finding the bastards on my pups after taking em out for not even five minutes.
yeahh it depends. I gtg right now so ttyl:)
4 hours of sleep? That's enough for me!
hey beautiful sorry been busy :) kisses
11 more followers until 900, thank you guys so much i never knew how many people would actually care about what i say,FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW!!!!!
did u see the pic in my design profile? see what my babies are doing? eating bird poop look at em lol tryn break this habit
Hoping I can get a RT from my broski ! Blitzkrieg!
I really need to stop staying up late to talk to him. Today I will go to bed around 9. After secret life is over.
Thanks! RT Happy Friday and
Sandals on one person, boots on another. It's that time of year.
no, only posting
"What are these iguanas doing on my coffee table?"
At the for zoo lights!
You can go home, sort of..Dan Lauria teaching an acting class at Fordham today...which is of course the alma mater of the real "Coach"
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't get a follower for 3 mos. Now, 400 plus later and still growing. Thanks for making it a wild ride.
y tha weather always wants to rain or snow on thursday's wen im tryna go out huh?
Seeing my family happy together is a great feeling!
lol chill. I freaking miss you yo! (:
Just got my hair and makeup done even though the scene is me in a nightgown in bed. Ah the magic of TV.
CDC director Tom Frieden says China launched its own CDC called "ChinaCDC." "Even though CDC doesn't mean anything in Chinese."
#raw10 my relationships r like pancakes. Each pancake rep a yr, ive never made it past 2 even w/syrup!
An early Christmas present for me..."A Christmas Story" is on #tcm now. #LOVE IT!
sorry I missed you this weekend :( damn weddings. hope u had fun in the bean!!! Miss you boo
aw you still think I'm a red headed bitch who can breathe under water and undermine my father yet talk to fish and lobsters :)
Thank you guys for making me LOOK kool!!!
I wanna dog REAL bad. I'd call him Phred (wit a “Ph“) cuz I don't give an “F“
finals starts streaming at 3pm pst today (Sat)...Please RT!!
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
last tweet you posted read it and than you will know why lol
Sex on a cab is fun
And lyn Magee I don't like Adrian still it didnt take long for me to move on let's not act like u know me u ped
Looking forward to the District Championship tomorrow night:D
It's kinda fun to listen to all the different sports shows try and come up with new & creative ways to talk about Lin... for the 364th time.
#600 conquest wins!!!
i hear a girl singing ariel in the echo-y halls of healy. i swear it's not me this time!!!
I live right down the street from you. I love to sample some sweets for my bar.
really some people are actually happy that is getting a divorce are fucking kidding me thats so pathetic
#wordoftheday Cahoot (n) partnership, league - usually used in plural. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Just got a MacBook Pro i7 2.66 ghz for / from work!
Thanks for the follow..
Why are there bruises all over my body!?
Haha. Come on now Bri! You know you love it ;)
If you like to laugh and you're not following , then you're doing it wrong. Do it right now!
some people are just stupid.
Glad to have today off.
Nice work tonight during mayoral debate
#3ThingsThatPissMeOff 1) alarm clocks 2) people who drive the speed limit 3) police that pull me over.
RT My life can be so complicated>>> Life is what you make it
thank you for your support of FAMILY AFFAIR for giving people a platform to talk about these issues.
very fun!
No Problem!!!!! :) Can u please follow us? :D
Oh for sure G!
She say she think I need to be her body guard lol
Merry Christmas to you too!! :)
" I'd like to come off your list as I don't care who unfollows me."
I was sick soo nope :(
and I just broke a record for the longest phone call of 6 hrs & exactly 2 mins. Thing is we never ran outta things to talk about.
It's magical! I had no idea! I look so good from third rib and above!
People today can't handle the truth!
I want to have your baby... Wtf? No she didn't. #Scared! #Shocked!
Did you get that beat?
But we already knew that from the way they talk about laid-off workers, didn't we? :)
Now where will I move the grill... Rain won't stop me!
Thank God for "ice maintenance" :)
Payin em off for the grip
I need to do some major cleaning in this room of mind. Looks like a tornado went thru it
I don't hate you, I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
Refilled the birdfeeders. Got customers as I was walking away.
Me: front barbell squats with 1/2 my body wt. Only sore spots are shoulders and collarbone from the bar. Something def amiss.
someone better say, "You sunk my Battleship" in the movie tonight
Hello new followers , , , , and
Then an Asian had to come tell me what vacant meant.
aye chick....i missed u today
I've been saying that since it came out. I could've written another verse for her.
you guys i just wanna put wine and pasta in me real fast right now
is watching Undercover Boss about Norwegian Cruise Line.
So glad you had fun! We'd love to see photos & videos. Please post on BISS FB, Twitter or email !
Nothing like gold old Steve Wilkos at 3:00 am. Seriously, there's nothing like it.
SCRABBLE LOVERS UNITE! Illinois-made film QWERTY debuts at Dallas International FF tonight...follow/support:
I mean cmon man how do you look when you been ridin with someone 20some yrs &now you throwin dirt on they name.Took 20yrs to figure it out?
Poor leadership can really bring down an organization.
Getting reports that Forney HS hit by tornado.
worst studio visit EVA. cried during the whole thing. drowned sorrows in cool ranch doritos, discovered duncan-cat appreciates this delicacy
I have to say, the Cd version sounds leaps and bounds better than the download
Ah school time hair and make up is done now breakfast
why ya gotta be so meeaannnn!?????
The DJ booth at the Urban Bear Fair is right next to the Meat Hook's BBQ stand. This portends Noms.
yeah let's go on an evening walk/run:)
First test for 3rd degree.... done!
Sometimes chasing the money make you lose sight of REAL money. Stop chasing short term money.
watching the lakers game lets get it!
okay. Just letting you know the door is open if you need something.
Where are You finding these GREAT classes????
They are? No way! Damn I remember when that film and POISON were huge hits at back in '91! That's so sad!
they can't comprehend or even come close to understanding him
Thanks for a great review of 'Desiring Uncertainty'!
Sometimes you gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love.
Might not be the best approach for us if we are seeking to win our game in life or this week
I can`t handle today, i can`t.
i gotta cute face,chubby face,thick legs,in shape ;)
I am super excited! Silly question... what to wear? Casual? Flame-resistant?
#FF Happy Friday!
coming back to host 2012 Golden Globes. Love it!
Can you make that happen? Where was Ryan? RT : You need some Chill Wealthy Will on the Bon Rappetite mix.
Balt should have won
At editors studio about to watch 1st rough cut of footage....anxious as hell!
Nice to meet you!
: "It's never too late to be what you might have been."
looks like NBC wants Ree's coming in. Playing the 2010 UTAH game.
Looking for a back-up writer for tomorrow's edu180atl post -- a 250 word reflection on "what you learned today." Anyone? @ or DM us! Pls RT
oh really
and you would right. Perhaps this is a first.
Shout to you. We r tryna get u 2 b in our Movie. Can u FOLLOW me so I can give more Pre-Production Details for our Cpt Film
Please keep it up!!
Quote: "Earnie Shavers could punch you in the neck and break your ankle." —Randall "Tex" Cobb
they go on sale supposbly on march 24 :)
Is 2012 coming too fast for you? I'm ready for it, don't get me wrong. But could use just a couple more days to prep.
“ “ #Virgo likes the deep, rich, committed love. Not the light, fluffy high-school love.
I beat you...
it's whatever inspires you! :) I suggest you #follow ppl like
sorry email won't work. D mattvensel if you still need someone to talk about the caps @ 1st mariner, I'll do my best.
if you follow I'll follow back!!!! Ready...get set..GO!
Lol you wore pajamas yesterday
I hate #YOLO fuck you whoever say it
perhaps there is some middle ground? Sell with a discounted price as a "thank you" for the initial interest/help?
I definitely think i failed my spanish test today
Tonight learned "bread-like" is the ultimate cupcake criticism and I dress like a NYC carpenter
I mean I gotta be up early
cannot wait for this delicious dinner tonight with the roommate, dreaming about it in class right now
naw it wasn't like that and you don't ever hit me up
Hey guys follow , only need 4 followers to 70;) let's go
Amanda and left me alone and now I have crowd anxiety :(
jaxon has to go pee that dog or boxer like jasper but jaxon is brendle and jasper is a fawn brown im drinking sunkist orange pop
Breakfast Hot Pockets are like the Hot Pockets of the breakfast world.
Please welcome ThatGirl_Tisha to the Max life
"The site has all sorts of gramical errors"
If you're gonna squeeze it always has to be a suicide, ESPECIALLY if its being bunted down the third baseline to a more athletic player.
It was really hot today. I feel summer approaching.
Thanks for the #FF!
it's a New York reunion!! Meet us there Ike!
This match has gone much longer than I expected.
Headin fer the barn cash game winners
that's why I've stayed inside in pjs all day :-)
So, I just don't understand. I want so much, but I want to give everything away. I just can't climb this mountain staring down on me.
omg I dont, her eyes scares me lolol
Have you tried 's new tanning lotions? They have been flying off the shelves, just sold another!
It appears Joe Walsh still has it. Rock on
Salad and Wings from Makes for a great day.
that put Fidel Castro in power.
thats crazy i think you guys do it weird..blah could never do it.
You're not the only one. I've worked my butt off to make it here. I'm not about to let it get ripped from my hands.
Jenny and Ashely
haha ohmygod.we need to get together and tawk!! I;d make a trip to chi-townRT : high-five, sister. High-five. Ha.
Im watchin the game and orlando scored and they showed a fan jumping up and down as her boobs r hitting her chin o_0
whts hannin family hit my line
now has 59 tweets. There we go!!!
Get in the huddle, Andrew. Get in the game, Pau. Man...frustrating. Frustrating.
I called the homeless man! I guess I love this show. Damn.
Really? Fox? A Mannings in the post season Chyron? Really? WTF does Peyton have to do with this OT?
Ha! That's a good one! They are pretty cocky like that.
Hello to ALL my Tweeps! I hope April is simply #awesome for you!
RT #UPA2012 in June & need one last Senior #UX guru to present for our IGNITE!! for details!
Letterman..."Romney's dog has done more for the auto industry than he has"
working on three new songs for the next show will be a challenge if we can't get everyone to practice at the same time
New Belgium's 2 below ale is very tasty!
Travel safe! Curious, does Angkor Wat still have a host of amputees begging for money near the temple?
Saturday is the big day for Its gona b a blast C u there!
I wish I knew if you liked me but sure do know that I like you ;)
you fed them after midnight, huh?
26. I LOVE BOARD GAMES.
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard...try rising from the dead!
that's what I'm saying smh. When yu get there let me know if anyone Ballin. If there is I'll go
hey guys come check out these ADIDADS JORDANS AND NIKE we have in:)
About to get into so
Made your fried smashed potatoes to go w/ dinner tonight-OH BABY! So good & what a hit! Nxt-rice pudding; love for breakfast!
Nice RT : This Saturday...introducing Purpke Door's Raspberry Green Tea ice cream made with ! Great springtime flavor!
while earlier i was planting carrots with my mom(lmao i was bored) i thought of (:
Looking forward to the dedication ceremony of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington, D.C. on August 28th.
About to watch #Detroit's (from #Kalamazoo)Doug Anderson High Flying dunker vs #Kansas on #TruTv - full plate today chillin.
I don't want him anymore, he's an ex for a reason but I still can't stand the thought of him being with anyone else :/
Bail or Jail? Funny fundraiser returns
This is cool! email , we should have you come be the soundsystem at an event!
Don't forget to respond to our direct message to let us know where to send the shirt !
Far as rap mostly jay...but I like music in general,good music is good music
Spendin time w/ my mom & #crazyfamily 4 my mom's b-day! God do we make each other laugh!
solid jam. I'm real big on Thistle and Weeds right now. It's so dark sounding but so good
My dads a better goalie then most 20-30 yr olds and hes 50 and he loves it so much
did you know that the L.A. Zine Fest is now offering Bike Valet? pretty cool....
I see my G-Ma angel is up !! Have a wonderful day :)
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B! Enjoy the holiday & we'll be here for your shopping munchies! Friday & Sat 12pm-8pm, Sun 12pm-5pm
no I'm cool.
so excited to watch your season tonight! More importantly hoping you all the love & happiness you deserve!
We're betting on what shares of Facebook will cost by closing bell at my office. May be more profitable than actually buying shares.
It is truly sad that the Obama Admin. pretty much lets right-wing pundits lead them around, need to stick their chest out (S. Sherrod).
RT : Need an elevator pitch but recognize that no one buys anything in an elevator. Be prepared for deep dives.
Day one of the new doctoral program - biggest issue: bring laptop, or just pen & paper?
I think Petie has the hiccups....hard to tell as I've never witnessed cat hiccups before but that's my guess...
": What song does Tim Tebow get pumped 2? I wanna know!" Swing low sweet chariot
There is no love sincerer than the love of food. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Yesterday landed in Chicago w/ huge migraine, laid in bed at hotel, missed mtg, now leaving hotel in huge rainstorm to fly back.
I am officially an ordained minister
I blame As soon as they pulled out the red cups November started to happen. RT seriously - who invited November?
Aha "Mom your but is huge you look like Nicki Minaj!" Lmao
i am the manager for chi-city hip-hop recording artist precise.
If you can't be real with me, don't expect me to be real with you
its just insulting
Happy birthday! We're glad you enjoyed your dinner.
Don't know what I'm gonna do today. Any ideas?
I know
you can have whatever you can chip off my windshield.
Thrilled to welcome new #followers happy #traveltuesday and every tuesday!
yes darlin! Great morning to you!
Caribbean Bay » jordan 4 2012 Fresh Visitor Tips about Booking ...
#myweakness football players!
you lost when you said "classy like the hills." what show?
Renee - it reminds me of danger, difficulty, and hardship
#nowplaying "Long Black Veil", The Band, off Crossing The Great Divide.
though I do fear the cases of wine that would need to be procured in advance of your visit...
It's crazy how people can unexpectedly come into your life and change it completely in one quick, sneaky second.
Can't wait to go see grams & gramps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Thx 4 the follow! 1 of the directors in our series is from Kalamazoo, MI and on Detroit-based hip-hop label
It was this tweet - Tech Startups is out! bit.ly/i7gzYj <U+25B8> Top stories today via
Hoping to play at Under Armour 3rd Rail Jam - Echo Mountain! Post on their wall to request Between Fate.
Hehe I know :)
Working to bring GLT to the Motor City. It would be a great addition to the COBO expansion plans!
Pork shoulder in spicy tomato sauce, oh pressure cooker, you are my friend. cc
I don't remember the disclaimer at the beginning though, do you?
Thank you! Your Mom was very comforting! I'll have to show you the video of me yelling I want Taco Bell.
Happy birthday to my friend! We all had great food, drinks, & convo last night. Cheers to a wonderful night!
You're a peach, Abrams.
Only 1 bar of battery on phone this morning. :p i'll have to find time to charge it at school. anyhow, goodmorning all! :)
*ahem* Follow multi-faceted and talented or be killed off in imaginative ways in my fiction ;)
I'm Angie. I think elegance and attitude are the same thing. And - I have IBS.
If you can't afford to hire a psychic to give you psychic answers, then use a pendulum to get your own free psychic answers.
Bottom line is it's still Rhett so it can only be great. Not that I'm biased.
Yes I am - just not tonight. We've missed you Ysabel :)
Well good morning my old friend Justin!! How ya doin?? Still going back & forth between here & Florida. Great to catch up!!
so that wasn't a banshe
Making pizza! Za it up with us today!!!
so use speak to text
Pulling a brady...
because you live and breath because you make me believe in my self when no body else can help
Lastest IM Reviews Posts New Ipad heat issues
Signed, sealed, and delivered. Everyday hustling in #BloomingdaleDC!
Actually...it's bed time for me. Happy Friday folks!! I'll tweet some #FF when I'm back
nyan cat jump>>
Mets win! Mets win! #PhuckThePhillies!
Back at you :) Looking forward to your posts.
well shit. :/ i get lonely and i don't wanna be online anymore.
score! Yotes imploding before our eyes
Proud of Seattle's stance on "Online Sex Ads Exploit Teens." Read the article in the #Seattle Times Sunday Paper (7/24)!
#YOUneedahearingaid Nigga. YOU SAID NICK IS SO SEXY. SO
that's a good one rev I have to borrow that one
Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so ill sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Okay now I can't sleep im too excited!!
you dong good?
RT : Hop Slam is now on tap! UGH! I used to live 3 blocks from you and could walk there when I was younger! DAMMIT!
he can be your "connect" bruh lol. Any GR you want, he's got you!
fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun looking forward to the weekend.
You dont need to do anything, just tell them to leave you alone if you dont want them there!
Mike Adams caught one! I didn't know our DB's had hands!!
If you take the opposite view of Oliver you'll be right 100% of the time.
you can email me at I will send you the interview questions. I look forward to hearing your story. Cheers
Advise for Today: "Change your thoughts and you change your world." Norman Vincent Peale
#HP to discontinue production of #TouchPad, related #smartphones. Another victim of 's success.(One stat: Apple has 95% #tablet mrkt)
Whoa! Talk about a hidden treasure.
Street unchins breaking into cars in the Lyell Otis area! Stay alert!
nice work! RT: who thinks #austinbakes REALLY should be trending right now
My comprehension of jazz theory and performance would still be a complete blur if it weren't for Frank Portolese. He's a pioneer.
Re-entering the workout world involves the use of ramps over stairs and the metal bars alongside toilets in bathroom stalls.
I miss you :)
Being In A Relationship Just Means One More Person I’ll Eventually Have To Block…
Patience is a great weapon against fate
Working dbls all weekend. Luckily they are half patio shifts
your sexy
don't worry, if I win, you'll get a taste.
On my way to the Fogo.
Feeling bad for live bands who have to compete with major sporting events.
Its a party its a party its a party! Yeah boiii!
yes I do I got to get up at 6:45am ugh :(
I know, right? I can only enter for myself and my husband. I'm ready to finally win one!
Some of my students showed me this. Quite funny. Glad you enjoyed it!
I just want to say thank you jesus......
Ah yes, we are all over the place! Still very prominent in north. Thanks 4 letting me know, I'd love to add it to the fam tree.
Thank you for the RTs!
sick sick sick. bleegh.
of would think one or the other would have to be in effect.
plus I'm a Bulls fan could care less about loser Clippers
I agree. The cherries give it enough visual pop that you don't need the flowers
You and me both.
pierce the veil >
100 bro RT always u kno how we do
Dear Facebook, Twitter is takin' over! Yours truly, The general population
At least I get to take a New passport picture
90?! Wow! Awesome!
Hi, honey, I'm home.
H/T: - I like how that mannequin has a 6-pack
HEY GAMERS...stay tuned we are announcing our sub $1,000.00 gaming PCs soon. Awesome as usual! Get ready!
damn. Iight look we gon find away backstage Juss like last timee buhh U know I got the hookups nn do
May be a dog fight 4 #mgt413caw title tmrw! If papers r indicator, judges will have tough time! Pressure on 4 wow-factor presentations tmrw!
What does everyone think about Kanye West?
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you!!! Pleased enjoy and cherish this day with your friends and family!!! Terry
i saw a bag from sweet in the office fridge
Happy Monday Fuji tweeps!
So how old are you? (:
had no idea u are valedictorian!!! Congrats! That is absolutely amazing!!!! #yougogirl :)))))
Okay I'm done with the awkward moment tweets (for now) :)
Hello guys i am in new tradition of living...do follow me and i will follow you...have a great day in twitter..
YUP ahaha. They love us at that place, just givin us that guy's food and MY food right in front of his face. BOO YAH!!! ahaha
!!!!!!! holla at gender neutral housing
I wish people understood me.
Haha i know right? && i don't really like mine cause i sound like an ld woman in a history book! D: what's your middle name?(:
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways remember the “friend” part more than the “boy.” Be nice and don’t act like an immature child.
What is the best software to manage multiple twitter accounts?
That last RT made me lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Great photo! Mind if we share it on Facebook? How was your weekend?
Fox 2012-2013 Primetime Schedule Moves Glee To Thursdays, Introduces The Mindy Project, Mob Doctor And Others Fox's 2012-2013 primetime s
Hockett: A rough equality in distribution of resources animate American intellectual traditions, dating back to the Founders
Waiting on the stoops for FedEx because my building is ghetto and doesn't have a buzzer.. They should be here in the next 7 hours...
Thanks for the RT's! XO
No please? :p
I want too
#FF all the cool kids are doing it
What a day so far....
Show tomorrow night Nashville!!!! Come show some love!!!
That's good. Made your day productive. Think I will change it up today and do
May your hot tub a time machine be. And never-nudes only in the over-eager water fountain of life!
no problemo ma'am!! And thanks!
getting ready to promote, hit me up to chat, Caliburr Records
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn but that's alright because I like the way it hurts
If they climb trees, it could!
how's your season of Hawaii Five O been rolling? Ya still like the aussie fella on it?
Me: wanna sit outside to eat? I dunno I haven't seen the inside yet....as a blind woman walks out the door.
Maybe for some. But it worked out for the best!
#PhilHumber of the CHICAGO WHITE SOX has a PERFECT GAME through eight innings.
The first step to Entrepreneurial success is leveraging relationships ~
Oh, no, nothing so crazy! We were all still just sitting there in line at the carpool pickup spot. Definitely unusual, though.
It is "Tell Us" Tuesday #TELLUS your favorite mascot of all time!!
wow! great. thank you. will check it out!
We know e-book sales have increased - but sales in higher ed are steady. I think most readers choose e-books for leisure.
People plz follow me
Do it. He is a winner. Probably fantastic in bed.
Furcal just tried to slap....WHAT!
The theatre geek in me is in love with the fact that I met Tina Landau today
Morning is never boring!
I will. I Cried 4 the hour it took me to find my Family. Phones were all down. Now TRYING to find Friends. TYVM <U+2665>
That should be the same call as a punch and mathieu should be ejected.
"red solo cup... whoever that clown is..."
sounds like a #thankfulfor post :)
": Going shopping with the bestie aka my mom." But really though
Everything I have learned has come from experience on the streets. Fuck School
it was last minute planned..sad but Jen did fine!
If U throw quarters in a strip club( a la) making it hail
ok i dont like the track with lala hathaway
2 b ball games tomorrow back to back army vs navy then vs marines geeeze getting my d rose on tomorrow boieeee
I am headed out to Cincinnati this morning for NGS!
I know they are very good friends and if Jack doesn't get back soon, it's never going to happen.
RIP Donna Summer
Woo Hooooo Super Tuesday! Thanks for the mention ;)
Washington square park is straight goin off...the weather is unreal
I said lets move on not move on up!
what kind of magical things are you conjuring up?
I want to! I have my 3 items ready but it's the same time as my bday plans :( but i will try to see if i can still make it!
I would delete my twitter....but I hate most people on Facebook...damn.
I wanna play Cod- Mw3 I love juganauts on the wave game
It can be. I know what my answer is. :-)
Hulk.... smash!
Gmorning my #fashionistas! Early morning sourcing, pulling, being inspired for this Fun project w/ !! Xox
Success doesn't come to you ... you go to it. - Marva Collins via:
One of the laws of nature: When a child brings a toy with him to the bathroom, it is going into the toilet.
"SECRET LOVE" NOW PLAYING ON #JSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
i call you whtever i want!(:
Ugh same same same!!!! :D
stop it.
valentines day is just like any other day-.-
Holy storm in CFL!
It's definitely "K." #FalseUberFact RT : "Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row.
Makes me gag thinking about it.... Where I work, we go to the jail a lot and get prisoners from cell. Let me tell you something
on my way to my unlce's funeral ='( R.I.P zio Vincenzo Graziano!
and Friday the 13 !
Uh oh.
This week is going by so fast tomorrow's Thursday already!!!!!
I saw it tweeted by who hosts a sports radio show in Knoxville. Had Dooley quotes too.
Dog just farted in my face
jesus christ you're such an annoying cunt.
Why do I have this funny feeling that Best Buy is going to declare bankruptcy.
Kick off my shoes and swim good, swim good..Take off this suit and swim good, swim good
Hey Son - "From the very words we write our actions invariably follow." Love Dad
On the same day that #stevejobs dies, so does my MacBook battery. [insert line about irony]
#TwSIG meme is idea that goes viral. twitter has some like #ff or #mbtafail Prof caught with red velvet cupcake.
Keep me posted on everything. Let me know if I can hep
S/o to da plumber looking fat white guy that was on his mopad in front of us with his but out!! Lol eww
you got that right - thanks for the tweet!
Just tune in, turn off, drop out, drop in, switch off, switch on, and explode.
Live from national press club, international student numbers are up 3% according to IIE 2010 open doors.
you know the food is good when you can be satisfied with the appetizers. Parallel 17: steamed pork buns, tuna tacos with unctious avocado
Twitter friends: make a $25 gift to Art Pulse (formerly San Diego Fine Art Society) via PayPal & rec.6 mos mbrshp FREE:
Are you ready for Monday? Get ready by trying one of the new breakfast or beverage items at FliP Crepes first thing in the morning!
Watching Elf; great way to end christmas!
I think I'm having a stylegasm from all this amazing fashion. #Ican't
But that means 67% of the country is *okay* with butt stuff. I'll take it!
Ronnie Mervis makes everything sound so awesome/frightening
I forgot why I was avoiding Twitter.... Colts. Peyton. Ugh
1 of the girls in are group use 2 be ur student at Attucks and she said ur so honest and talented and that ur very encouraging
Enjoy! Looks like nice traveling weather!
Hi Al, it is not supported at this time. Please check back for updates.
How ya' doing there champ?
just realized microsoft office was wiped when my hard drive crashed. textEdit & docs, here i come.
Queen size, respectively.
Come down the hottest Friday Night spot 's Place!!! Free parking, $3 shots & sexy ladiez!!
Dare you to like this.
I Have To Find Out Because They Didn't Tell ;But They Did Say It's Like ASM..
I just sneezed all over my moms iPad D:
I love when a corrupt system collapes. The NCAA is a complete joke. If those games didn't happen...give us back our ticket money.
One Direction should do a studio version of Forever Young :)
Right not, to reach 90 wins, the Sox would need to play .600 ball over the last 131 games.
Very Biblical last 5 minutes on tonight. I hate that yellow-head bastard excuse of a King.
I am currently reading George R. R. Martin's book, " A Clash of Kings." It's the sequel to the "Game of Thrones"-so good!
You are a wise man. And one with more self control than I.
Aaron called- he wants me to tell you that you are recording with Magic Turds at 6!!!!!!!!!
I'm good. CD is out and selling everything short of my soul ;)
Thanks EJ! appreciate it, was a fun piece to do, to go against the big bold typical approach and go for the subtle suspense!
what's the 3 letters?
yo u funny as shit Justin... I dont cheat if i want somebody else I will break up with their ass.
It's Friday... Christmas Ale is on tap. What could be better?
what time you get off? Let's hang tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Here early af cuz Id have a ride today
Nice city view!
Walk in the rain tonight felt great.
ok, thanks Becky. I'll check them out! thanks for your help!
Commercial suggests stuffing stockings with gifts under $100 from best buy. What happened to candy,funky pens and lip balm?
of you aren't familiar with Bob , he does a good job of highlighting how weak and desperate the old regime really is
Thought for sure I was following you. DM me your email address and the exact account name you want back and I got it for you
He sucks for that one!!!!! RT : He calling RT : Can I come hang with you and Randy
Time is apparently standing still as I try to update software on 8 netbooks. *yawn*
Lots of F-bombs in this #Nationals / #Phillies game.
In the final stages of mixing the album..it's getting close now!
Back in my office, the most comfortable place in the world.
I'm a good texter but when people don't be talm bout shit I just put the phone down an continue doin wat I'm doin
RT : This man mowing the damn grass, sucked up a rock and the rock hit me right in the EYE! >Thats crazy
~Norm PapernickMan is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys .
Cotto tryna body slam mayweather ala triple h. Triple h on mayweather team. Lost a lil respect for the game
Since it is already Sunday, May 22 across the dateline, the dudes math must be wrong again! Rapture day must have to wait.
I kno u'r not:)_ looks back at you^_^
You are too sweet!! You are always the perfect host.
my nigga you thirst right
Posted Chillin high like ookkaaayy just relaxin thankin GOD for the day again lolz shout out to GOD THANK U I DONT NO WAT ID DO WITHOUT U !!
Niall is just as beautiful as the rest of the band! He is amazingly cute and seems like so a genuinely nice guy! Any girl would be lucky ..
Took my son to Pacers game & he joked on Earl Clark the whole time. Lol
Oh, it was more like a wake up call, get your butt in gear kinda moment when I read it!! Thx for the reminder :)
Finally going to bed at 4 am
Capturing and sorting footage, then I'm having the rest of the day off!!
ok guys. i'm going to bed. have a good night!
He already knows. I love any actress/actor that can show me something unexpected & just what I was looking 4
Goddamn right! “: Peyton Hillis is officially back on my fantasy team radar”
I miss kissin' on you.
when I dry my hair with the blow dryer I look like one of those little pink haired trolls. lol
Change-failure-progress, let's try it!
Q5. Who has the best Twitter avatar? Most unusual Twitter handle?
It's a great night. 10/20/30 Percent OFF Everything in the store. Stop by on your way OUT, get a pick-me-up & wrap up some holiday shopping!
Yesterday, the site was taking forever to load -- sometimes not loading at all. Luckily, it's much better today! Thx for checking.
I'm experiencing both excitement & a little bit of trepidation at the word on the street: #GirlScoutCookies are on the scene.
Hey Jersey Lovers! Sign up for , use promo code FCDNJ, get $5 free to spend at B&J and raise $5 for charity!
Reconcile with the people that mean the most to you, are good influences, have a future, and the ones you can't live without.
It's 1:20am... Good thing Sourcical never sleeps!
WGN-TV news anchor Mark Suppelsa takes break for rehab
work in the morning at Mt. View Market! yay!
eCourse server is up. Sorry for the inconvenience. OK now.
#BlackMamaQuotes you gone do what I say cause your ass don't pay nann damn bill in here!
***HEY NOW*** We are going to be in HEATH, OH with KRYNOS tomorrow night playing Captain Jacks!
Fun to chat via e-mail tonight with about Awesome product and exciting future. Eager to watch it unfold!
I've made it obvious before, I've even forgot lyrics to my own songs! It's okay, I'm sure you were great! #twitterhugs for now.
searching Nigeria's weather on Wolfram Alpha
#FirstTimeISmoked I threw up In my first hour class. Never smoke b4 school
Vegas bound!
Are you planning on applying for any of them?
If you squished them all together, do you think you could make a complete human soul? More » Post from: TheGloss
you're skinny! why do you know so much about cleansing? :)
Snoozing time night Twitter world stay bless my peeps #GNight to all
I would agree as well. Safety needs to be a number one concern.
From 11 until about 2, or as long as the people want me there. Wells & 15th at Marquette. Come on out!
Come by for dinner tonight and try our very own Pork Tacos!
it's felt like a really long time since wisconsin sports fans have had to feel this fallible. oh mortality, cruel cruel mortality.
don't talk to yourself like that, Kevin!
two words - thank you.
a couple weeks ago I was attacked by a dog. I broke a bone in my hand that is in a weird spot & got 17 stitches. The bone will >
First solo at church today. Whheeee! Went well, God liked it because I didn't trip off the stage or drown by sweat. Thanks God!
platform being used beyond IT. HR, facilities, legal, finance and travel applications being developed.
It's hard to find good help these days…
You're too kind. Of course, I made most of mine up.
awe yeah we really are:P
Hi James, is there a link to the Showcase?
The lord is my Shepard and he knows what I want!
RIP DRose's knee!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” Bo Bennett
Hope to see you in hell.
Thank you Tammy!
Leading Strategy Management Software Company Announces Updates to Help Organizations Better Implement Strategies
The Big Lebowski
wtf is up with my DM thou?!
When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world - George Washington Carver
Having an fml day.
Trying to anwser a direct message through link showen in Twitter.com but it has not let me on direct_message/create/user
Jammin to some old skool bobby pulido
Gladiators had no other options...NFL players do.
#10 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
FWD: : Because of recording failure this week skykid's show will not have reruns . But then the playlist was just updated .
Let me rephrase my question, Zach, from your perspective is it most beneficial to be really good at one area?
I could listen to oldie all day
Thank you on behalf of our youth!
done eating , now to watch some tv then go shopping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Welcome back Mr. David Fox! Thank you for re-joining the chapter!
#mitt2012 #p2 Thanks for the fiscal #FACTS (not opinions)!
huh? Kayden it's NOT me. I swear. And idk if it's you either. Ok? It's not me I'm on my iPhone and that's on web. Just plz.
Thanks, you too :)
What about blaze orange and camo? Common apparel at Field in cold weather.
So Dominos is telling us if we become really good at their pizza making app, they can potentially hire us as a pizza maker? Lol
Mom: "you okay?" vicki: "she looks so cute though" haha....i cried myself to be tired :P
NAYA OMG -FE FAINTS-
Lost all compassion for customer reps at Lax. Better customer service at 7-11. Its clear I'm just a giant inconvenience for them.
LEEs were the last and we ended it with a BANG.
I need to find a place to rock it at SXSW.
": never Thers nothing I'n the world that can change me just busy like a mofo..." thank y baby no some 1 tryin to blas me
thanks boo
What dosen't kill you, makes you stronger :)
probably the best advice I've got yet haha just bear it
girls are sluts, especially ones with boyfriends, yal are some grimey snake bitches
Happy New Year. And a much belated Merry Christmas to you!
Thought listening to PetShopBoys' "Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of $)" would motivate me 4 work 2day. It did not. But I AM feelin' pretty!
Maybe your dog punched you.
Listening 2 #ShabazzPalaces would rather be outside in warm sun than underground #cataloging on rainy day. Love Recollections of the Wraith.
ew. Lol i hate everyone. I wish i loved everyone .
If you're saying that One Direction can suck your penis are you implying that you are attracted to them and would enjoy it?
Thanks for registering on our beta site! Glad to have you!
And if you're a musician or jazz fan, and know of someone who is making a tour stop in KY, pass on the word and retweet like mad. Cheers.
That's the bachlorette's license plates if you can't tell!
I can't wipe my ass anymore.
lol yeah I kept getting into to much trouble at oc. Fighting LOL. So now im homeschooled!
Hanging out in closet while tornadoes hit Dallas :(. Power just went out. This is a little scary.
If you're ok with Indian/Pakistani, people from both countries LOVE Usmania & Sabri Nihari on Devon. $8-12 entrees mostly.
Vets, too! RT : If you don’t understand something your dr. says–speak up! Even careful drs. can be guilty of using jargon.
Just going back in to have a MITT without MOTHER'S WIT DAY: I was taught if you LIE you will STEAL, IF you STEAL you will KILL. NLD Mom.
guys Im I'm my first REAL relationship :) <3
More Furr -The fur turns to skin;
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
hell yeah u right but I ain't gon be babysitting :)
They don't know me do they? Hope they don't hold their breath' cause they'll be waiting a while.
Bus and truck collide in Brazil, killing 25
What a fantastic way to run something people put their hard-earned money towards!
getting ready for the Broncos game tomorrow...Hope they will do better than last game..
watching 106 & Park
Twitter gang
Organizations are built on trust, and trust is built on communication & mutual understanding. Great success comes from great relationships.
Im actually ready for spring break to end..its getting boring ! -_-
Q2: touch-screen tech will be more ubiquitous than previous generation tech. In turn, less digital divide.
oh, internet, you are so wonderful. but only my chiropractor can fix my back.
Now using Pandora One folks. Sounds about as good as my CDs, which may fly away soon...
thanks for correcting my spelling mistake!
He said he'll give you a better deal if you buy them as a package bundle. So $35 for both?
Hey there Chris. Sorry man, I didn't get any email this morning. Lemme check again.
can u ask edsheeran if he could wish for anything what would it be ?? Xx p.s I love you. X xx x x
yer own ma's never hot... but yer friend's ma...
W. N. Taylor~ Temptation rarely comes in working hours. It is in their leisure time that men are made or marred.
Come on down! From 8-10 ladies drink beer free!
Noah has to come out of the game
Before we place blame on this one let's remember that we weren't playing an on the fringe team, we were playing a Super Bowl contender!
referring to her AVI
Go Heels
... or at least all noteworthy pages :-)
Celebrate National Burger Month with us in May! We'll be giving away a burger a day starting May 1. For your chance to win RT !
im lucky to make birdies these days haha but i might get out this week again.
If it wasn't for the Grace of God I don't know where I'd be. - RevRun
yes, you do. Channing Tatum was worth it. <U+E106>
You will like the show tonight. You should come! Bring JOEL and THOMAS!
Thanking god for another beautiful day amen <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
look at this
Welcome. Awesome concept, this
everyone is as nice as you, you got the better end.
Who knew we'd end up like this?
For current members, what corps are you serving with? I'm with the Ohio History Service Corps.
where's that?
need to test drive to believe these cars
2nite $4U CALL ITS ALL NITE ANY DRINK/SHOT at
talking smack jack?
Seriously one of the most disturbing things I've ever heard...
Kickstarter backers. Check your emails! We have sent you an update and may need some information from you.
Time to get wild. Straight Living Life
I thought your dogs name was going to be.... Derek or something x)
Lets go Butler
why keep doing that? lol
Isn't every spring tough for us?
Okay lets do some Chemistry, I'm a nerd but it's okay I love and live this stuff, numbers!
Lord Tensai went from pinning the WWE Champion... to WWE Superstars. That makes complete sense.
True! (Though I was about to say my understanding of a concept often improves when I strive to express it plainly.)
you shot me in that SAME outfit last year! is so 2000 & late. ;)
she said to tweet here cuz she was going to call 5 lucky fans so I TWEETED her and she told me to DM my number and then
hahahahhaha I'll ask the flight attendants of they have champagne, if not white wine will do
its definitely worth another watch. Last week's was particularly funny
yeah why not!?
Have Tour de Fat Photos? Post them and tag San Diego County Bicycle Coalition
I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full. Arthur Ashe
Clamshell News mailing tomorrow, www.mypressneeds.com
Played with the WP7 and was greatly impressed! Considering getting one after a few weeks. I want to see how fast they start breaking
happy easter love <3
Does that come before or after the toast with wine made from the Grapes of Wrath?
ha! I got it. For the record the Ontography chapter is brilliant even with Offra of Mercia
Preparing mentally and walking out that tunnel in front of thousands on game day
"It's a terrible thing to look over your shoulder when you are trying to lead - and find no one there." F.D.Roosevelt in "No Ordinary Time."
and no surprise that my daughter has picked the movie #Thor to watch for her visit #6ft3&australiandudesrock
Going to eat at Five Guys with :)
Can you do a video explaining inconsistency of your facial hair?
Reading the Bible then going to bed. Goodnight Twitter :)
Thanks for the info. I was finally successful.
The Student Employment & Experience Fair (SEEF) will be on August 24th this year in the UC courtyard from 10am-1pm!
yeah the brdcast said he was given the preseason off due to the gold cup. i didnt realize he led #fullham in gls last yr
I made so many Ped Pals today that i had get out, and run around the park. Good thing im not a dog or i would have had to marked every tree
Any two top shelf grams for $30 donation!!!!
RT : "Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon" - Anonymous
Listening to Joe Pass - Virtuoso
how do we get our name thrown in the "1 more band" hat?? getting back from a tour mid-july...
I just had to hit Mason the anatomy of why girls aren't into him right now and into my best friend Richard Jacobs..
At least Hanie is consistant at 3 and out!!!!!!!
suits with pants rolled at bottom and sleeves rolled up, baggy inseams, I see that way too much in NYC w/ tailors everywhere
lets grab a beer, a bite and do some talking some time?
Beauty is only skin deep but that's ok because my eyes can't see any farther than that.
“: Wonder how many ppl will end up pregnant because of tomorrow. Lol”( I'm a Virgo...that's usually the end result !)
We had a sold out show last night at the New Hazlett Theater! Thanks everyone! What a night.
"Movie Night" is every night here, watching Pride and Prejudice with my mama and sisters...
Are you busy with school?
Um im not in south carolina right now but ill be around there soon
Ready for the CHECK-INs!!
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." -Albert Einstein
hahaha, choir. Cute! Sing well ladies!
I am also a fan of slideshare
#FF #travel Great Wknd & Hope Life is Good Wherever U #travel Cruises
Don't know why you waste your time on me...but I'm glad you do
In Dubai preparing for tomorrow's workshop: Getting Started with Institutional Repositories and Open Access
sucks cause im not lmao
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hmm, some toast would be delicious on this #gloomy day in New England
where can we download #sheetmusic for the #JubileeSong please?
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love
so r u going to really have the time to do the whole band thing? Cuz I'm wanting to hit it hard and I'm not wanting any snags
not funny!!! It's so nice here. I'm stuck inside unpacking..... I hate this more than packing
Front Desk Thurs: Hacking up a lung while lecturing on Alaska Native cosmology is not a feat for the faint of heart. Patient visitors=good.
yeah I feel you.. I just tried to call you!
Geared up for baseball! #Brewers & #Braves on
this guy :)
Roll on the summer :-).
"Lost reluctant rambler confesses all when confronted by ruminant herd."
People who go out of their way to lie are nothing short of a joke.
i dont like to screw up though. I want to make sure I credit the right people. I appreciate you watchin out for me :)
I agree. I hope she doesn't let him get away with it!
It's in the settings icon once you have already started a search- far right corner.
I don't know what kind of person klout is trying to make me out to be but I'm thinking of suing for libel.
Oh so little sleep. Thanks :-)
NOPE THAT IS IMPOSSIBLE!!!<3 SINCE THE LAST TIME WE TALKED I'VE DONE NOTHING BUT CRY CUZ I MISS YOU!<3
I agree with
i never mind life passing me by when we're together, it doesn't even feel like we're wasting anything.
My baby doesn't have a God mother. Tf!?
is finalizing the hottest SD weekend events for my segment on Fox 5 News tomorrow! email me at by 11 a.m. w/ any suggestions!
Baller weekend, how we all doing today?
Hi Bestie I know your busy so lets plan something tomorrow my love
lololol Im very perverted at school usually cuz idk just am haha (:
inst you birthday may 4 if it is then happy early birthday and im def. gonna be saying it to u again on your birthday :-)
Listening to ebooks - cheating or an efficient use of time?
Dear Authors, You should have a blog. To write about you and/or your work I need to be able to find you within a couple clicks.
I can just rename little Molly something else altogether and start telling everyone that the tattoo on my arm is for you.
Girls want sex just as much as boys do .
you too! Looking forward to reading up on H Mantel, too.
Does anybody know if got her laptop fixed yet? :)
BBY GIRL ILL TRADE IT ALL
no school for me! :)
Beliebrs Love Shmuel Ben Eliezer. Scooter Thanks for stalking kids on the internet and inspiring us all. <3
Awe, big smoochies to you!
Japan earthquake: USGS PAGER Red Alert for catastrophic losses issued within 42 minutes
Thank you. What a baller and good for ND. Enjoy the rest of the tourney and the Final Four ( if you're going ) there in Denver.
break a leg goober!
YOU'LL BE SLAPPIN THE HELL OUTTA BABIES!!!
I want to watch That's my boy when it comes out(:
Wow #FAIL RT : If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you. She is the one.
« Getting after it with pops today at World Class Speed. Come get some if yu want some. #speed»
Good mornin' to you. Good mornin', good mornin'! It's great to stay up late, Good mornin', good mornin' to you.
I haven't heard of anything there yet. If I do, you will be the first to know!
Mountain Goats while writing a paper. Usually like something a little more punk, but JD matches TSE's allusiveness and drunkenness.
Now Following back :-)
I'm surprised that Gmail blocks images from Google Offers
is hysterical this morning!
Um you just started following me?!
Shadowing aircraft mechanics at SDF and talking about technology.
how about in baby oil
Today I am designing a website / forum for fallen officers. I take a lot of pride in my work. I hope it turns out great!
Cowboys and Aliens tonight!!!!!
Well looks like two teams I like to follow, will join each other in the second division, Herta Berlin & FC Köln
Stunned to hear that Arizona is banning books about Mexicans in the United States from schools. How is this legal?
Dang I need to get up
It's looking like our website will be up and running in a couple months-Very exciting!
No wifi on this flight to Brussels. Um, what decade is this?!
haha I can see that(:
yes I will
And power is back on!
I have been informed that there's a package at my house. may or may not have delivered deliciousness.
It seems like harrys the one who gets all the attention lately from everyone. What about louis car? How about the fans at zayns house?
um favorite HGTV show ever
Lol, I wonder what Jerry looks like?(;
Thankks.. Areu planning on coming back to Hawaii ?
no it was that's what I'm saying. He was hugging me like into the AIR and I was just being moved
Baltimore, show some love for your own Inverse Delirium Podcast! #bmore support us and we'll grow and grow and maybe have you on our show!
Not a huge fan of the way they've reorganized the Network Admin functions for #WordPress #3.1 alpha in trunk. Why take it out of the LHN?
does my date have on sunglasses
Yes! RT : Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
Health experts recommend a 1500 calorie diet. For those of you not good with math... that’s a 12-pack of 125 calorie beers. You're welcome.
"a squirrel is just a rat with a better outfit "
I like it when I feel the rust upon my fingers.
Thanks for the RT, Sonny!
Damn it all.
This. ": I always think that I have a chance to be more than friends with one of the Boyz. But I KNOW that I really don't."
Happy Birthday! Let's hope the MBTA cleans up its act for your evening commute...
Shut up and take my money!!!
Great cracker jack prizes
People Tweet some of the most awful shit! If you crave attention that bad, Go jump off a building and hope you make the 10 o'clock news :-)
Thanks for your patience while we get set up! Epic Tweets to Follow!
Taking it easy tonight, sipping on some Russian Standard and playing video games. ez
The difference between Democrats and Republicans is that when we say "Pretend it's Obama", we're talking about sex....
WWU prevails. The Vikings are national champs! Congrats! It only took 110 years. They are dancing in the Bellingham streets.
Oxy Mo: First Annual...
I was right. The market manipulators have just about pulled off win today. I don't approve of it, but so what?
you're not the first to say that #lolifuckingwish lol anyway me and wanna come to your
Interesting, it would seem that the Chelsea keeper is the John Olerud of English Premier League football.
While you were sleeping helped someone get back on their feet with a safe place to live.
Happy Kwanzaa from Prevent Blindness America!
Yes I'm watching #DWTS. McCarthy is gold!
SHIT I SEEN U TWEETED THAT YOU MIX AND MASTER AND SHIT
damn poor Chicago bulls
Just confirmed another show for June 1st!
you shouldn't have missed the bus -.- smh
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
Ready to strangle FB photo upload
Swing by. We'll have snacks.
mustve been showin some leg.....that's what always works for me
Failure to think big and take a leap of faith will keep you from achieving success. The biggest hindrance is inaction. Take Action!!!
Since the owner is finishing a #MAEd this month, let's get at least 500 likes & follows by it's end!
Excited that beer will be served at Miller Park this year.
You rock! And I think you'll love it!
were you there
Facing the fact that Netflix isn't what it used to be. Same movie at #1 in my queue for months now. Do they only have 1 copy of The Help?
<----- Does not follow back then tells everyone who unfollows them and warns others not to follow them too. CRAZY STUFF.
proceeds to a non profit/invest in the local community (i.e. a company like Better World Books). It's sort of like the blogs
Hanging out at Alchemy Tattoo in Silverlake visiting my little Italian tattoo artist Eric Alvino!
I have a pimple that's rooted so deep that it's making me relive my most traumatic Jr. High moments and all I can hear is the Gin Blossoms.
break down salary <--there's an interesting subject
Falling asleep to the magic of Harry Potter
I accidentally stepped on bubble wrap...and then I couldn't stop.
me and aubrey is going to bed <3
Not looking good RT ": Rainy Day. Wonder if softball game will be canceled. "
The 1st 9 hours of the 48 hour editing marathon are over. Now I only have 39 more to go with less then 2 days left! We!
Great meeting this morning with San Ysidro High School parents. Looking forward to working more closely with them.
Good idea! Today has been a "upgrade the website day" anyway - might as well get this done now.
I would like to try weed once in my life, but you see,
Hell Yeah Brah
Summary of Sold-out "Science of Inbound Marketing" Session at Dreamforce 2011
Check out our new blogger - this is fun
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would enroll for class at the University of Iowa
I must confess..I love Jesus
Appreciate it homie.
One beautiful lady
A tea party for the rest of us - sign me up
Picking up the pieces
I've got to be the fattest kid I know
I love that I'm going to be seeing M83 tomorrow :-)
#MJtrial Things are going to heat up tomorrow during the prosecution's cross of Dr. White. Watch my take tonight on KTLA Channel 5 @ 9:30
<~ waving at you from across the Twitterverse
I'm going to valencia tomorrow , I'm actually a lil nervous :s
"Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.” -Bobby Knight
RT : On our way to for karaoke, meet us there!
Let's get that custard out of your anus
I've been on an email blitz all morning. Feels good coming down from one of those.
I understand, but I told GS5 to tell us if anyone sees him doin somethin they know he shouldn't be doin
Recall election against Wisconsin GOP Sen. Terry Moulton of Racine ordered by state elections board
Turns on just rings. Gonna get a refurbbed black 4gig, only 80 bucks cheaper then getting it fixed, low on fund though.
Just once I would like to wake up after a Wednesday night and discover that it's now Friday.
Amen! " #walkamileinmyshoes some men just don't get it"
He and his wife can't stand to see the poor in his rich mansion
I seen him last year at the Kentucky/Indiana All-star game.
You know how we like it on Thursdays... We have FREE musem admission from 5-8pm and happy hour specials at Claire's!
Homemade french onion soup & herb loaf for lunch. Cooked from fresh and leftovers rule!
going to bed early because I have to be at work at 7:30
Never set your bottle of apple juice next to your bottle of pee, it could prove disastrous
love is a leap of faith. And a choice. Just make sure you make the right choice for you.
Anyone can give up, but to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
No worries, there are others I can ask, just wanted to check!
Bet you $5 I can blow a bigger bubble than Charlie...
oops I mean i'm following^_^
its funny cause I talk to these black owned companies they say they don't have a budget, but they sponsor another race
I understand that these calenders also help to remember events, such as birsdays???
og kush from another time zone.
Mr Daniels and Jager bombs. I hope i survive.
It's the end of an era. stepped down as womens basketball coach She's replaced by Holly Warlick.
Ask a new or prospective client the question, "How can I help you make money?" That will get them intrigued.
RIP Donna Summer
4real boa i learned my lesson
: I'm attending Atlanta WordCamp on Saturday, Jan. 9
Love ... need to get up the nerve to vlog over at Simply Budgeted ... one day, one day!
Lecture entitled: The Lives of Abraham Staats A Dutch Founding Father of Albany.
why pissed off Of what
How mad do you guys think Ryan Seacrest is?
Fine poetry is the music of mathematics, numbers singing. You have to look behind the words to understand their meaning... lp
Take a look at ripple's ePortfolio solution ;)
Oof. I hate waking from nightmares all shaken up. We must hang soon. Miss you!
Any guy should be lucky ass fuck to have Victoria. I love her!
if you need any help, let me know. Happy 2 snap photos whenever needed. Was that one of the spots the site needed help with?
it's just another love story
: yeeesss, Asian? :o
oh wow, thanks! Glad you like the book :)
Clippers should complain more, maybe it will help them make free throws, or get back on defense.
I was shocked when "We Love Like Vampires" came across my today.
God is awesome. He is everywhere, but many of us fail to realize it.
... over 8,000 followers? We'd better try your pizza SOON.
Yes I liked it, and I had a smile when I did it ;)...lol
No; I'm actually working with a female artists and on tour right now, im putting together the new cd working with a new producer
Why can't I open my Facebook when I need to!? Argh!!!
Final render of FresnoRocks's la. Premiere tonight!
Hello new #followers enjoy our tweets
'A. Hitler ' shows at #RedJacksSaloon at 8PM! Don't miss it!
Those were just a few bits of advice I wanted to share while I'm going cross eyed reading resumes.
Looks like you know how to say things that people are already aware of. -mordecai
Like this status if you like our Callaloo and Escovitch Whiting fish! Did you know it is a daily special?
what day is debate?
RT : A common theme is that campus leadership should be more involved and take risks in web
well sir. It seems we adore each other on an equal level now ^_^
Saw a 6-foot tall man dressed as Constance in line outside. ": At #Paleyfest for #ahsfx American Horror Story panel!"
Rick Riordan is also insanely popular with my boys.
-___- don't start with me girl lol
3-1 vote for jets to lose, but bengals offense is in question. so is sanchez, tough call to make to be sure
I've been. Disneyland, universal, and disney world. But I wanna go now that I'm an adult lol
Greens and chicken for lunch...yum!
Either way is fine. --Liars
are you watching Heisman winner #RGIII in the Alamo Bowl right now? He puts on a good show.
Has anyone heard of the rapper "Nas?" He owes the IRS $6 mil. How did this guy make this much money? Who is he?
light cleansing, rich moisture shampoo/dc, low heat dry with a leave in, and a cream hairdress prior to braiding.
I lit 2 of them back up and then blew it out lol
You're not as smart as you look.
Paris Hilton revealed that she’s releasing a new album in a few months. Man, I can wait to hear that. rotfl bahahahaa
"Friends don't let friends stay home on a Saturday night."
can't wait to see you
follow us I'll message you
i was just thinkin like wait , hoes gon be hoes so y would u blame tammy ?
classic bid tuesday.
Last tweet, I tried to RT...said I couldn't in this language??? Wth?
Do you guys hate yourselves for being so self loathing?
she's out of town or I would <\\3
I miss You!
When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."
Milwaukee students and former students: Why are student loans important to you? How would a rate increase impact your life? Tweet to
i feel you
Wow, it's been i while. Four years? I've been pretty well! How about you?
thinking about collaborative research on digital literacy and engagement in frosh writing courses
Omg pass the tissues PLEASE watching THS with she is INCREDIBLE so is her family.
No problem! If you have any questions, let me know. =)
TOI TOI TOI to everybody at for the opening of PEARL FISHERS tonight! Looking forward to seeing the show!
Congrats and hooray! I loved it -- delighted they picked it!
Veggie Grill is BOMB
ready for today #bigday here we go
LOL where are you?
lol I know right we gotta party wey
no I'm seriously REALLY sorry. I could tell you loved her alot
: Black Friday....paint the devil on the wall...
"Maybe one day, hopefully. That's what kings & queens are put on the earth for, to have offspring." -Lamar Odom on having kids with Khloe K.
That's wtf I'm talking about.overtime baby.
The great Sam Rivers passed last night....and a piece of me went with him.
This is not a Ninkasi IPA, dammit, regardless of what the handle says Someone's lines are crossed.
We like your style :)
i think Civ Pro only because it would be surprising to see it back to back. Like a reverse psychology!
Can you feel it?
Several particularly dedicated Berkstaffers have already explored the many, many options.
CONGRATS & !!! Tetraba fi 3zy inshallah. Now I have someone to spoil endlessly! <U+2665><U+2665>
Going to try my best! Will see what time things die down
Wait, you're asking me to do RESEARCH? What do you think I am, a libraria... oh right.
did you find a story where Stefon fucked a midget?? That'd be awesome cuz I just made all that other shit up! #boredatwork :0)
Chef Sara Moulton Answers Your Cooking Questions
Agreed, I'm just saying its an interesting fact to think that all 4 teams had/have NFL caliber QBs
going through some amazing blogs. Good job, guys and girls ;)
Dear Jasmin, you look gorgoues in your icon! You seem cool to talk to. we should talk more. I would love to get to know you. You seem nice
I'm in love with a person that was used to be called mine. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
It is soo nice out there in London.
lol ard now im takin my ass bck to sleep lol just wanted to make u feel better i jus woke up to get some water lmao.
yuup im here
MMA & Traditional MA students-Look 4 "Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts" on Kindle - see where your arts came from.
you fit me better than my favorite sweater.
Expect some cool things for July!
that's your opinion
is this freackin England or somthing? what did he do anyways
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect sensors to the viewers.
I'm about to go to work though...actually just rented a few movies: Daisies (1966), Dead Ringers and
#ItsSadThat #People lie about bein high on national weed day
Heading to the Frist tom checking out new exhibit, anybody want to join?
did you get a part?
I should not have started looking at the iTunes '90s One Hit Wonders collection. I want to buy all the songs.
Yanks padding Yu's stats.
Today was super good day. Got a lot done, received some good news!
Discourage the devil and make him leave you alone
My wife, Cynthia, saw you posting about Area 51 & Ancient Aliens yesterday on FB. I had a feeling you'd seen that show LOL!
save some for me
And this is in reference to?
Faried with the exclamation
What ya talking bout nigga it's time to get it.
I am just zooming in on these amazing stickers! Word.
Thanks for the #FF and all the fun at
Watching 4-6yr olds play t-ball is awesome entertainment. Lol. Little maniacs.
Thanks! Really fun participating yesterday - looking forward to more!
Somebody said the Raiders were even blacked out on Madden!
Oh, someone is already planning on doing keys for "Welcome to the Black Parade". I'll wait for them to release it then I'll add it to
Chris brown: "Look at me now" Blind guy: "I can't" ( •_•)
Love that analogy! Thank you. I'm quitting smoking & the reminder that the "urge goes away" is a good thing to keep in mind. :)
your older than 12, Right?
YOLO is not an excuse to be sleeping around.
Racism is A form of insanity.
Interviwer: " Now selena. I know you've been with Justin alot so have u did Jerry?" Selena: " Yes. Yes i have it feels good" REALLY?! -dead
I hope so! I got excited about it and then it went away. Happy to hear CP metro cell coverage is back!
You can't have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time!
Just trying to finish some projects before NGS. Running out of time. How are you today?
At this rate it's almost a given that the Kings are making the Stanley Cup Finals.
I had no idea #GypsyWedding wedding was back. So excited! Hadn't seen any of the Anerican gypsy series
haha lol! Dude, Bieber's beast. But your beastier.
Coach_JC Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
I'm LIVE at 's Winter Survival Radiothon! TEXT the word THAW to 50555 to make a $10 donation!
Time to get my latest video edited & uploaded for the VIP's. Then vacation #2 for me. I'm sure you know.... I love you all tons! XOXO!!
I believe, I believe, I believe .. I will b a skinny bitch again lol but really though
Lmfao Dee is stupid.
I just worry about the gay NC kids, honestly. They must feel so dejected, hopeless.
exciting interactive ads for iPad Magazines in development, stay tuned 4 insight on what digital magazines they can be found in!
haven't seen you around but am planning to check out Stern Grove this month! What do you recommend?
I love the rare instances when a problem solves itself. Quick and painless.
I didnt mean to. I really didn't. Ask anyone. I'm crazy about you. I just know what to do. I didn't want to lose you.
If they do, it only makes them Super-STUPID!
up for sure.
Yes THAT time...not the other times...but it WORKS!:D
Quiz question: How many rules/laws did the Phillies fans distributing and drinking beer on the Broad Street Line violate concurrently?
Bout to go to sleep . good night Twitter :')
RT : Last minute Mother's Day card? Drop in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!...
Just got on like 20 minutes ago I'm sleep af.
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Home from the gym and cooked some burgers
Found another tick on me! Ah!
I'm not sure which is stranger, my book on sale for one penny or for sale at $76. I've seen both. Neither make sense.
Free Recordings Facebook page mrsingfranktony become my friend and I will attach mp3 files of my music Frank Tony Dean type music?
#HowToGetRejected when you walk up to me and say aye sexy...uhm
Drink free this Sunday? You & your friends can drink free Sunday Just follow & RT this 4 a chance 2 win!
Yeah, it's really a fine art these days being a strategic learner. Sounds good and happy 2012!
i love your page back ground
Most 3 dreaded letters of the alphabet for non-tax payers:IRS.
I'm with ya! Let me know if you ever need anything.
wait but really think Janis would let me yano smoke some hookah?
I'm so excited for your new album to come out! I love you so much!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME JUSTIN!<333
are you going to keep the same #?
We are making some design changes to the website. We have several dealerships that will be offering discounts! More info soon...
heard about 60 sec of your twitter play by play before u went to break, loved it.
Jut saw 's doppelgänger. Unless.........
Hahah on my way! >:D
u are cupcake <3
love you too Alex. :)
GoodNight EveryOne <3
The #bacon fat ginger #cookies are super easy to make. Addictive though. Be very afraid...
S/o to myboyy i support him
Then half way thru I just really wanted the 3 main characters to all get squashed by that "godzilla" thing, lol!
then comes thurs
My mind is a blank right na
Yes! believe I worked on Ponitius Pilate in a workshop the last three weeks and had a great fuc*&$#g time! thanks for the rec.
Taken 1day at a time. . . . RT how's it goin
Happy Birthday Scuba Steve! Hope it's awesome, bro! :) Congrats on your new project as well.
Lobster gazpacho, moving on to Malpeque oysters!
I love your #wibblywobblytimeywimeystuff presentation. Brilliant!
thanks lady xo
Listen to the garden of #Wisconsin #democracy. God and #wiunion are organizing the choices that will grow. Freedom Sings with Justice June5
RT : I always get stopped and asked about my purchases, especially my shoes!
Off to some opening, but love my last business email for the day "Sorry very excited..let's talk & make pies!" life is good enjoy! xo
RT : Welcome to Vancouver Seafood Summit delegates #SS11 want to know where to eat, just ask me.
Unbelievably, L4D2 is banned in Australia! Who wants to be sent a copy if this actually sticks?
i live in NY lol did u go to the one in Long island or palisades
Chick is hating on Carly Rae. Bitch, shut up. Your opinion is invalid. Thank you.
Some girl just walked outside and tripped.
Just checked out 20 #riotgrrrl #zines from the library to show 's #feminist theory class
yes she did.
Isn't that all that twitter is a platform for anyway?
the #packers were their own undoing as were the #saints ...
Jake I'm obviously joking your still my boy
Good morning all! Happy Monday!
a scion xd what bout yours? Aha yea get both doe lol
Red solo cup!!!
lol suck it up!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Headed to Club tonight for the late show. LET THE WEEKEND BEGIN!!!
Youll never catch me riding dirty. My vehicle is immaculate.
wow! That's awesome! At least Chicago is nice and flat!
Its weird when strange old men call you cute. STRANGER DANGER!
have you ever read Apollinaire's Calligrammes, I'm reading a 2nd hand frnch copy and really enjoyin it.
GIRLS GONE WILD 2mrw Night Bar!!! It's goin down...Arrive early or get stuck in a long line
Lopez: "Our lives are abt therapy bc we want her to have the best opportunities she can. She's come a long way but started from nothing."
Finally as of today!Just in time for Easter and Moms day Loofahs Soaps n Creations is taking visa, mastercard, discovery "Come pic a flavor
I just don't think I can hang this Playa life up. Unless I just give it to God...
...Tell the GIR ticket representative you want to thank the military and a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri (1000 available).
#CNN The U.S. used an informant as a double agent to foil the bombing plot by al Qaeda a law enforcement source told CNN.
Here are some other famous compassion quotes by some of the well known personalities.
Fuck you false alarm
Very funny indeed!
Atten:::: ANY HALF OVERSTUFFED SANDWICH & SOUP ONLY $10.95! Thats a deal people! Stop by!!
Trip coming up? We stayed at the Wilderness Lodge this past February. Quick 3-night stay.
Dead out here...be back tomorrow.
Enough w/ Bull. It's time to move On.
ready for summer 2k12 w/ my boys & girls <3333
thanks for the retweet. much appreciated xo
I shot my best round ever today and its my birthday. Any chance for an RT? The crocs felt amazing!
Thanks for all the help making my switch over to Pro Tools go smoothly! -JO
Oh I will. I am scared as shit to be hit by a car. haha
Follow me mami. I follow you. :-)
Transformation only begins when we have a new language to describe that transformation.
lmfaoo you're a clown
AH AH AH AH AH!!!!! I LOVE sweet potato fries!!!! Life just keeps getting better and better.
hahaha hope you and Humphrey (cow) had a good sleep!
this is true :-) its a gif i need to find a square one that fills the whole box, then i will be cool lol
Totally agree!
nice! Lovely nails.... I could just imagine them scratching my back ;-)
I didn't know you did graphic design? Do you have a portfolio online?
Glad you like the post. If you relapse, I'll be your sponsor.
thanks...relayed the information :)
Watching The Departed. Leo, Matt, Marky Mark, & Jack great cast
k cool
- did move to Seattle too?
Robert Jan van Pelt is lecturing this morning. Amazing!
Can San Miguel Fire solve its financial troubles by outsourcing its core mission?
A simple I love you means more than money.
Man this nigga need to wake up so we can get to this cash
I officially hate cooking
I hear that all the time from people that already graduated.
Did you ever get the new headshots I sent you? I still would love to be a client at STG
can this day go by any slower?
Wish I knew why I was so antsy today!
that annoyingly transparent. Clearly, big, not good reporting is better for the WSJ
Send me one! I'll DM my address. You'll pay for shipping, right?
and #NCIS and Too ALL NCIS fanatics out in the WEST Coast you NEED to watch tonights Episode most definite
Not impressed with the ant invasion of my office this morning
Hey I really appreciate the reply! If you need an assistant for any of those Wilco dates let me know and I'd be glad to help.
Daily GTKY question: What music lyrics best describes how you are feeling right now?
I'm a funny person.
awe..thanks darren that's sweet!!!! I will probably take u up on that!! Actually if I am alone or not I would love to meet u!!
is my wittle boy.
its gonna be ok as soon as i get closure
a solid nights work. Couldn't have been achieved without 's constant motivation and enthusiasm
Hey it looks like is paying attention to our conversation! :)
i didnt know if i should hide or get that recipe to you that you asked for 6 months ago
Ion think this gone be a good day, my throat is hurting so bad, but anyway GoodMorning
A newly-converted and fan ;-) RT : S/O to #WEAreNOTLikeTHEM lyricism & production (gasp!)
world nf: Plato, Scientific American, What is the What.
yes you is...you know i...shut up
fuck this lead sheet, and fuck the sonic arts program. i quit.
it was the best time of my life, but now I sleep alone. don't don't don't wake me up cause my thrill is gone.
I Wanna Kiss You Everywhere Between Ya Knees & Waist. Hear The Sounds That You Make & Get Ya Knees To Shake
My late Friday afternoon spreadsheet came out to the penny the first go around, so am now having a coffee break. Yay me!
i really need something to shake this awful day im having.
Text ADD3038612333 to 574549 to SMS subscribe to 3 little birds salon on KRILIX 4 discounts and our upcoming events!!!
There's no incentive clause in Bo Ryan's contract that says he gets paid more for being a "good guy". Winning is cold blooded. Good for him.
just sent you the fbook invite!
uh, yes please!
2 things I hate the most .. 1. Know it alls 2. Bad texers/talkers... Get it together people .
RT : DOLLHOUSE, dig it,get into it, call/write Mr.Rice
you guys are made for eachother xD
Buffalo isn't even apart of the US, it's southern Canada. BTW for all my Canadian friends, I apologize for that statement.
some people from our site might be there. if we are any chance we can get that interview with you?
Can't remember the last time I felt so confident in the #Orioles bullpen..insane
preicate it bro
got team wantng wrk trd w/me where main plyrs invlvd hed get S Jackson/cadilac I'd get Fitzpatrick. Is Fitzpatrick 4 real?
But why me & Whit sittin in the car zonin to this music! On track 11...I fuck wit it anyday
thank you!! i'll be saying the same for you in a few days, right??
they are pressing too much.
Because he's beautiful?
S/O To for being the ULTIMATE supplier & for following me too!
Tweeter dee, tweeter dum. Need to start using this thing more.
No matter what happens, Larry will NEVER die
If u see this .... I love u lol and stop lurking.....
an atleast he didn't take it to honor court
20-4 in the #NBA playoffs it's a fact get on the list and start making $ in all sports I have best bets in Soccer now
Hey Annie! Saw the YouTube video with you and ! Didn't know you could reuse the MooPoo tea bags!
Santorums daughter has cold sore
Founder of Hope of Life International thanks us for coming to Guatemala and introducing students to educational technology.
see you guys at the altar bar tomorrow!!!
Twisted my ankle! #ouch <U+E13E><U+E404>
pretty sure the original Argentinian shoes cost a penny though, and not $50...price is steep, but the cause is good.
What's the #worst place your #car has #broken down?
Congrats! Your new gig sounds awesome. :)
Tanning and #dietcoke make me able to get through each day...
Rehearsal tonight for #Amahl with the #Chatt_Symphony_Orchestra. Quite excited. Such a great show and cast.
Eff Kodachrome, that's been gone since '09. No Tri-X 400 would be the nightmare. I guess I better start stocking up.
Interesting. It seemed to me they were all on the high-side. Lots of toolkits/platforms make even complex functionality easier to do-
Thanks Paul! Gonna be fun!
"thanks" - men everywhere
Mr.Gunn makes me so mad sometimes -_____-
Looking for #sexed curricula that includes #queer youth issues. Your thoughts?
Forgot to mention that I'll need your email address. :) Send in a DM and you're on.
Is the hot process soap going to get listed anytime soon? Pretty please?
“: The heat got this lol” you're dumb
Hit me up, I hit you back...miss me up, I miss you back.
sometimes when you think your in "Love" your not. iPromise u can live without them in ur life. u were born without them right? (:
I Care About you!:)
a funny stand up show
Ha! You are in my neck of the woods then. I grew up in northern Iowa.
: i'm in florida where you going?
you work for Nordstrom (you come by it honestly)
I asked her straight up nd she didnt even attempt t reject it
made someone cry today with my archival work. In a good way. That's a first.
We should start/end our chats with that question!
Hey your website has season 4 of Breaking Bad, season 2 of Louie, and season 2 of Workaholics on there for a while. WHERE ARE THEY?
Good finale tonight on #FallingSkies. That Spielberg kid knows what he's doing.
UR AWSOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can you Please RT or Follow Me You Make My Week
Avengers was pretty sweet. even in 2d.
Hope the Cowboys can prove me wrong and beat the Giants this Sunday night!
It is the dashboard widgets not generated by plugins
fuck ! my phone is dying -__-
does anyone know how to fix computers? i need mine fixed forcheap or free
see, some nights i want to go to bed early then the computer is like "NO, YOU MUST STAY AWAKE." im like K.
Yeah, #UrbanOutfitters is pretty awesome!
along the way. I would greatly appreciate your feedback when you have had a chance to review it. Thanks again for all you do everyday.
I'm not!
Yes! We'll be offering a free pitcher per team for those who come to CRISP for some kick ass trivia!
RT NSF has not declined proposal yet on data management, but on the edge projects has an impact.
and Axure 6.5 upgrade is FREE for all current licenses! awesome possum
#CougarTown is moving from ABC to TBS. Congrats to & crew for keeping the dream of well written fun, wine, & friends alive.
At least I'll be done then...
ah cute. lol
I'm so pissed yet happy! happy- brother&sister in law are engaged pissed- brothers ex took away my niece she a whore who need 2 rot in hell!
yipee! it's loads of fun doing that week, lots of crazy parties! :D
FOLLOW ME BACK
Happy Memorial day!!!
Dear theatres, do yourselves a favor, don't order a chain weighted cyc. Put a pipe in that!!
Cage fighting was very cold, think I need a hot shower to warm up.
but, much as i like supporting artists / creators, there's only so much sexist & idiotic crap i can stand watching 1x, let alone 20x
Introducing blunts to lighters...
glad I hate coffee
#Boyfriend live for the first time & it's on #TheVoice; not too shabby. :D
haha yea she did. Good looking on that fareal. I owe her
Hail yeah boiiss!
thanks for the shout out!! Hope you enjoyed today!!! :)
nice......yep...hate Mondays .....especially rainy ones!
Twitter on my Blackberry isn't updating boo
RT Did You Know? lost an #NHL record 6 times in the Playoffs when scoring the first goal of the game.
..send to
Ah, that makes me feel a bit better. At least they're still playing at the Rueb!
any shoe looks great on u as long as ur not bare footed.
Did not get enough sleep to debate whether psychology or philosophy is a better way to understand the world.
i'm empty inside, i'm a husk, i can't feel my hands
Thanks you Henderson for all your labeling help two weekends in a row! Wow..what a trooper!
Tryna take a trip to NYC this summer, the night life scene there is EPIC
wat it do
my seat was taken by some sunglasses asking bout a scar
133? significance? 139 sounds funnier to me. we all need that extra keystroke. re: tweets Will Shrink To 133 Characters
Next I need her to make a movie about being 25 and still being an idiot. Possibly even more painful.
Hey if you aren't already following you definitely should, her tweets are pretty awesome!!
its honest , theres not much to add
hey girl! follow us! we follow back!
Yes.yes.yes. RT : Great to meet you. Let's make more art in Boston happen.
Follow me jasmin v
Maybe I love you.
Most feel me.. The rest wanna kill me<U+2755>
Whiskey tasting & Coalfire Pizza last night, Pixies @ Aragon tonight, Rob Zombie on Sunday. Well hello kickass weekend!!!
Variete tonight: singer/songwriter Dean Atkinson. Comedy by Gerald Torregosa. Dining by Connie Lacobie :)
The sobriquet "He's a Scrooge" should be a compliment. It's not how you start, it's how you finish that counts. Scrooge reformed.
Just filled out the survey- had a hard time picking one answer to the question abt exposure to social media. Good luck!
I'm pretty tied up until mid-afternoon but I'll check back then :)
: Ditto. Circumventing the system -- it can and *will* be done because the alternative isn't an alternative.
Tune in to listen to #ICA perform live today at 8PM on 98.7 WFMT
great win!! RT: “: It's over at Your Pacers defeat the 105-90. led the way with 25pts.”
Strength Training Techniques For Beginners – Jogging Tips For ...
It was the Tip a Tiger event for the Tigers foundation. Great event, the guys were really good sports about the whole thing
It's funny because it sounded like they were talking about a penis!
Hi... Glad it's Saturday! Off from work. Studying now for my college class. Plan to jog later 2nite. Hv a nice wk-end Every one!! :-)
Glad my work bag was in the office and not left behind on BART. I feel like a cloud has been lifted off my shoulders.
For all you iPhone users download "iPhone secrets" app. Tells you everything about the iPhone you probably never knew
This is not about to be a fun weekend..packed with rehearsals and performances and work!
Don't forget...this Sunday is #MothersDay!
FUCK U MY LIFE IS WAY BETTER WITH OUT U
Highlight video from the June 24th showcase is now available: www.hierosonic.org
tell her that..
24 Million Little Monsters
Sure..or maybe unless you're a professional provacateur a la Rob Bell
They say I faded I'm a "stranger" Nah I don't want to be bothered FUCK ALL YOU HOES I GET MONEY $$ - that's my persona
Attending the Irving NAACP meeting tonight at 7pm at 530 Davis St. This is a great organization making a real difference in Irving!
I am friggin obsessed w/ pahhaha! Hi, friend :D
I don't like Beltre either.
Solid. Can meet anywhere really. What's good for you guys?
its ok
I don't wanna look anything up, your sitting right next to me bro.
People need to mind their own fucking business
Thanks to #Politico White House reporter for meeting with #UMW media and presidency students today.
one of my queens moms if you want to be a represent your city state or country see what one mom has to say www.myspace.com/tropickids
Is there a way that I can get my "one team member" access inherent to my pro account back?
Putting the girls down for bed then it time for me
My real friends get treated like family
#Prelight today in #BlueRock #Studio for tomorrow's #video shoot.
This is going to be one really tough week.
": ": can you have your own posters? I want your face on my wall" in the making" OMG, YES.!
getting off the internet to read a good book.
thanks for the mention :)
Ugh, LUCKY! That's awesome!
Thats the real world though. Racism is NOT dead.
I'm scared to ask...
L.A. Just lost it's only professional football team. They'll wan't the Chargers even more now.
Think how awesome a pick up line that would be though, "Hey drunk girl, wanna come back to my place and see my earth harp?"
Outages in #sandiego #oceanbeach..anybody know whats going on?
Want to have your own pool party? Tweet us and tell us why most creative reason or idea gets you and all your friends the time of your life
American Idol blows!!
Oh yes... is the lucky one. When does el presidente arrive?
isn't that for muscle pain? Wtf is up with u canadiens lol try to sleep it off
One of my besties tied the knot! Congrats Nyetty and Dougie!
how do u put furniture into crew clubhouses? check out our crew it's called 'Shooting Stars' :D
also, no need to apologize. We know almost zero Japanese. Maybe check us out? folk punk: www.myspace.com/thedirges
well I'm usually tired, but I also wake up wanting to hit something, not very good
#lis483 Reading Morgan Matson's Second Chance Summer and loving it! Author's second book - great recc for teen Dessen lovers!
I really enjoyed the big win, but refrained from burning any couches. Go Cats! BTW, did you know that Dr. John has a new CD out?
Great game! Not sure I've seen the Longest Route bonus decide the game before.
This text book is actually interesting.. I waited 7 weeks to actually open it.
Tonight we are sending a truck full of supplies our troops collected to Southern IN to help with tornado relief.
weirdest feeling I have ever felt
Dont feel good
I hate when girls pregnant and they just use it for an excuse like after everything I can't I'm pregnant like girl Stfu nobody are .
I'm in a watching High School Musical and eating jelly beans kinda mood... Don't fucking judge me. xD
The OWN (Oprah Winfrey) Network just emailed me. They want to interview me tomorrow about an A HA Moment I wrote about via their website. :)
lets go swimming!
S/o to the men who gonna take they kids tonight so they BM can go out at least once this yr cuz u haven't gotten them the other 364 days
Sigh. I would love that. I miss y'all.
Im going to go read a book...not facebook
Maybe I'll try. Besides the Bhardwaj films there's a Mallu v. of Hamlet, "Karmayogi". And a 1982 Hindi film called Angoor.
Happy Birthday pretty lady!
The is verified on Twitter. So is Major
My mom just told me that I dont have to come home at all the day of prom. Im excited :D
you have blue eyes?
Tune in to this morning at 9am for some funniness to start the week! One more weekend to catch the Flying Ks
that one white person who cleans off all the snow with his snow blower. #savingmyenergy ;D
No wonder why we all want to cuddle with him so much;)
I have heard veep is good. Must check it out!
The yumminess of red kale!!
I'll let you know. I wanna see , but also might wanna hit a #CBC event on the way.
and is that retroactive? hmm.
cool story bro, tell it again
Couldn't stop flirting with one of my interviewers the other day. #IsThisNormal?
Let me just say S/O to the FOOD & Wine last night!! Delicious!!!
Urban Meyer is a bad liar.
RT : Matthew Sag seems to argues that mass scanning itself is non-infringing. let the robots read!
Sure you are. Otherwise you'd be delusional and childish by your own argument. Lol.
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> RT : So excited for popup. #foundingfarmers my go to place for holidays/brunches/Tuesdays ...
yeh i figured that much i should be getting my diploma in 4 months EXCITED :)
is going with us to see "Wicked"
Good morning 4 everybody
“: Fuck I Wanna Watch The Fight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
I love my #book club. cc
That's it? That's the best thing you can say after you got up on my nuts and made fun of my dead mother?
lmao --_-- you don't even remember me? go read my bio
How drunk do you have to be to dance. This drunk.
I love being me !!!
My friend & I were discussing SWV at our Xmas party last Sat & how we wished the jukebox in the bar offered their songs.
Oh lord, people these days.
The Thunder piss me off
A lot of my favorite blackberry theme developers aren't making themes anymore:( bummer
RT : We need to rethink our mental models of Baltimore here's 1 initiative helping to do that: www.baltogreenmap.org
I'm doing better thanks I'm at home now and on no meds :)
guess who is one twitter !
go wit it go wit it go wit it
Thanks much! I do believe you get the dubious distinction of being my first 'reply' as I still am figuring out twitter! ;)
no way! I really want to see that exhibition! I haven't had the chance however to check it out.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see
excited to spend a great day shopping with you tomorrow (: & partying at our hotel room!
be yourself don't change...
Going to run into Albertsons and do a little frozen turkey bowling, then shoot a conceptual fashion piece this afternoon.
RT : Never make a choice based only on convenience: Shakespeare said "Things sweet to taste often prove sour in digestion"
"Consolidate with partners and focus on core competency"
Are you kidding me i have been tweeting #welovegreyson for like an hour and it's not showing up when you search it.../:
Tony Parker worked out Devin Harris!!
Hard to remember sometimes what the sun can look like in all it's glory! Summer, we see you.
Hes MY addiction! :D.
Attending the awards event for the HOD (human & organizational development) internship senior projects.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to tweeting with you. :)
I seriously love it when guys wear beanies ^-^
that sucks
There should be starcraft trading cards!
good luck! Cant wait to hear it!
It's going to be a fun weekend
7 keys to a Good relationship: friendship, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, communication, GOD!!!
(: as soon as you get here we have to go to sleep.
Even when you miss 5 minutes of a show, you still are completely lost.
6 more to go...
What is yours is mine, and all mine is yours.
then go to a corner & <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> about it till you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> punk as
Tired football practice tommorow.
So excited for you! Good job
"The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it."-John Gilmore. In case you haven't seen that before
We want to see #ForcaClothing in
come see us to play with ThingLink during next break in main hall.
I thought you'd be the first to mention it.
I want to feature one of your blog posts on BlogHer. Please email me virginiaDOTdeboltATblogherDOTcom for more details.
My twitter ppl, join me on Facebook to receive a free upcoming signed CD to be released in July... Follow and listen to some good O Country
for our get away I say we leave now & drop out now & start a new life in Hawaii or Cancun? Yes? Yes?!?
Mine was glowing! Thanks again for a spectacular course. I use my learning every day.
Sage advice. Thanks friend.
Themed airports, 1st submission: Sterling Cooper Field, filled w/beautiful people smoking Luckies & drinking Manhattans
Just heard the new Justice on 1190. I wanted to know who it was before I knew but... I should have known. Track is pretty good! †
Excited about starting new video projects for two long-standing clients. Added case studies on website of projects with new clients.
#HearMeWhisper is going to be amazing!! So many great things happening, can't wait to share!
Well, additional media I don't care about at all. They can camp at Mirror Lake for all I care.
In the process of licking me across the face, my dog managed to hit my actual eyeball. I can now only see out of one eye..
Ok just fall asleep and don't text back!!! Ahaha
Ooh, no. I'm intrigued!
Thanks for thinking of us.
It's St. Patty's Day tomorrow! In honor of our fave green holiday, the 1st person to name the donut in my profile pic gets a $5 DD card!
just sent the boy. He loved it!
Looking forward to a Fall getaway complete w/ good wine, good friends, and target shooting?! Don't let Jesse judge me.
I'm not boo! I'm sitting at my desk cause laying in my bed would put me to sleep!
hey Hollie anything new? Pretty much just been looking for jobs and that's it. I know I know boring haha
: I believe the correct answer is Delores!
Patriots vs giants
best. tweet. ever.
Walker"Balanced Budget"lie = budget has longER term debt service, incurring greater interest costs for state @ higher rate. Child's Future?
hehe how cute i love serenading you <3
Blah blah blah another parking ticket blah blah blah fuck
now im up early in the mornin breath stinkin as im yawnin just another sunny day in californ..i mean milwaukee..80s in march got me jumbled
u should text me sometime u make me laugh and have a great personality :)
playin in the sand with drew and Landon
Been a long time since I've tried the baking soda paste. Let me know how well it worked.
Good luck girl! Praying for you!
The "Midnight in Paris" Blu-ray and DVD will be released on 20 Dec. (US) -- just in time for the holidays! Do I hear Oscar bells a ringing?
Feel like eating some ice cream :)
i need a co-owner but i can't
Need to ensure lite f/ phones isn't disturbing patrons who paid big $$ for tix. Difficult in most venues- esp historic.
Im determined to be dating a baseball player BEFORE the season is over <3
My fav part about is drinking the best beer in CA with friends who love it as much as I do! #iwanttowinfreedrinktokens!!!
“: Feeling kinda good”drive safe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
having fun with my apartment-mate.
#tenfactsaboutme food & sleep = happiness.
So much for that conversation...
txt me lol.. i dnt have your # anymore. i wiped my phone cus apps kept crashing i had too many contacts
Do you think you can handle me?.
Back in ny! Thank you all temple Beth el of boca raton for being so warm & making this holiday so special. Happy new year.:) <3
for tonight's special grass fed steak Tartar, potato chips, horseradish mousse. Thanks for the NY strip photo to following
you like me! you really really like me! Like me more please...
Life literally abounds in comedy if you just look around you
the full paper isn't due until after the conference, but i'll still need stuff to talk about for 20 minutes
Have fun today and dance the night away tonight at Taproom No.307
We deliver the best meals in town. Quick, Hot & Fresh
he was going to get it after work. I told him its yours
Golden eagle binder and tab
Almost done with one paper, aceptional time for a twitter break.
BYOD - an ethical dilemma indeed - Home - Doug Johnson's Blue ...
Just sent an email to *fingers crossed*
Awkward moment when u faint at dinner.
ah! thanks for the clarification. :)
Had the most wonderful nap didn't want to get up but back to work I go..<U+263A>
Go Gemologist
Why of why am I on a cookbook purchasing kick again! Must hold myself back...
OK. Lets save some goals for Friday night.
how have you been Tweety!?
Been counting down the days to the pre- Cinco de Mayo festivities with TODAY!
Who the fuck is miriah yeast? Or yeater whatever? Someone tell Me the story?
congratulations it looks great!!!
"Each day, you must rise with a restless enthusiasm."
COOK, #Spurs! #COOK!!
Agreed! Quoting Mark Shaefer: 'Twitter is networking on steroids~!'
start with some peppermint or ginger tea. Then eat things that seem like someone already digested them! Soup, oatmeal, etc.
Selassie I ...Have you a need for cover art? give me a shot to provide you with one on my images...would be an honor.
I live nemo so much!!(: he's so cute
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it's possible. (Alice in Wonderland)
do you walk around your house in sparkly onesies by chance?
is there a twitter list of purdue alumni that you know of?
one last note this morning: if you need a great band for a party, festival, rockin' wedding or club, let us know. we're booking for summer
Can a person have values and morality without religion?
Hello Louisiana!
on MTV!
go with chris to the beach tomorrow! He's being a punk and doesn't want to go
omg, they broke facebook, so i had to come here to find out why i cant log in
People will believe anything if you whisper it .
The new Santigold album. Enough said.
Eventhough it was an accident, why in the hell were US Soldiers instructed to burn books from a library anyway?
RT : There's a show on called "Waking the Baby Mammoth"... need I say more?
not to make fun of a name, but Jason Duffner is about the worst name to have for a golfer who's about to win the PGA
just had the exact same thought! Hope you enjoy the parades today:)
Going to dash
you were quite entertaining on Dan Patrick Show
Wondering how successful I was at hiding the bacon I hope I did good cause breakfast meat is off limits
Bruno: All of our economic arguments are in #KeepingOurPromises. The phenomenon called "substitution" - Card Kruger shows this is not true.
thanks so much for the #FF! oxox<U+2665>
Spring cleaning :)
What happens if I say no?
it ain't working hold on
Slick tongue.
Learn how to get found in the blogosphere
so how was ur day?
I swear this is desperate housewives at times
PR Tip of the Day: The key to social media is dialogue between you and your followers. Share thoughts, ideas, and interests.
Yes, a rarity these days
Feel like I've been shot out of a cannon this morning. Hope to decrease speed before anything appears in my path.
Awesome! Will have to come by and try some :)
will do (:
Something is wrong when a child can see the violence in the "Hunger Games" (PG-13), yet they cannot see "Bully" (R) without an adult escort!
Mira Awad performs @ JFK Library on 4/29 to honor Palestinian & Israeli youth who are working to make peace in Middle East instead of war
Carlo's gay & needs to shut up.
Wahoo, finally seeing #muppets!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. Clicgear USA is very thankful for all of our loyal customers.
J.Cole <3
to do smaller productions, my credit cards and hard drives are full. i want to travel and make some smaller films
He could, of course, be both.
Carters Chord liners, up now in Artist Audio! Check them out!
My son's on Twitter :) Is yours? RT : My mom's on Twitter: . Is yours?
RT : The San Diego Natural History Museum is marking 100 years since the #Titanic sinking, with special offers.. on at 5
To the west hollywood arsonist... my car is parked in a garage off santa monica and larrabee... will be there all weekend... take your time.
Muah! Have a great weekend ;)
Took a day off to celebrate our 11th wedding anniversary.
switched from my ipad to laptop and cannot for the life of me find "mentions" on the desktop site.
hey Juan how've you been?
its sad 2 say none of these so called NY rappers are spitting flames these days but they always got extra time in handy 2 pursuade beef.
Home from replacing lost birth certificate & passport. Thought I'd wait all day, but was in and out in 2 hours. Thanks, !
I hope you didn't mind that I took creative liberties with that fb image! In my mind we share a secret love for 90's rap!
I have looked everywhere on my OkCupid profile for where it says "Casual sex" but I don't see it anywhere. WTF these guys talkin about?
Love love this weather. So ready for Spring!
Only 2 for Clay? 0 Aaron?? Debate at work... Who's hotter or ?
possibly go to the track meet probably sit at home and watch tv.
he is out of town. Maybe will do it.
At some schools, it's a lot; at other schools, it's almost nothing (as in case of UT).
Perfect night at to end a great weekend.
Feeling proud, one of my daughters has been accepted into film school and one has been accepted into law school. :)
RT Thanks to and for all their help in making last nights YDs event such a huge success!
Not sure what to do about classes for next fall. There isn't much I want or need to take.
i miss you... i heard you got a new job? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
the last time I had a pot of chives going in the windowsill was pretty great. Used them all the time, but not since...
Who will have more of a fantasy impact Gronk or Hernandez?
Throughout the world, this is happening. ": The revolution will be tweeted (from the streets)."
Zach we need to find girlfriends so we have something to do.
Hope I anit take to long :O
we'd love to provide one next time you're in town!
The color purple is swag.
Pleasure's all mine, Josie.
I love revenge!
Alpha Natural Resources sets up mine safety and health foundation: Bristol, Va.,-based Alpha Natural Resources, a major U.S. coal pro...
The fat blond on #Smash is insufferable.
A well-deserved mini break! I hope CavDog got some relaxation time too.
DC has such a great legal services community. Great to see so many familiar faces at #Covington where NLSP's new ED was honored.
Two definitive survey leaders in the library world: U of WA and Emory. Both collect faculty data aggressively and share it widely
Thanks for the follow :)
keep yo brightness low fool haha
Monday it is! NO MATTER WHAT!!!! :)
happy birthday ! i love youu <3333 (:
Too cute! <3
Instead of teeth, birds have bills made of the protein keratin. Finches have a short, conical bill well-suited for cracking open seeds.
Hanging out with a bunch of weather anchors from across the country (and Canada)...talking weather!
i know you're on twitter. soo, you should tweet me. love ya. (:
Bob, I took photos of historical displays at Cuba's Museo de la Revolución in 2004; let's discuss in class tonight.
time to start my research paper ... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Bummed I'm missing #Glee but excited to be in class. I have a scene tonight! Im looking forward to it! Don't text me with spoilers! Haha
Ok, who is going to the Benefit Auction tomorrow and can absentee bid for me?
#ThingsOnMyMind Wait now what were we talking about????
We've never actually really seen ourselves. We've never seen our face in person; only mirrors, reflections, & pictures.
When the Black & Latino Caucuses get together...good things are about to happen, right? =)
there wasn't a single defender, including Howard, who had a figgin' clue on that sequence. Pretty bad D there
JWilly scoring for the #Kings!! I know he doesn't want to break out those golf clubs until July
i wanna cry, not because im sad, because im angry. as fuq
Criminal Minds is so addicting. hahahaha I love Reid & Morgan!! (:
here we go....artistic differences :(
May 9,1912: #Churchill was aboard the Admiralty yacht, Enchantress. Visited by King George V and dined aboard the royal yacht.
didnt think u were liam :) I love you
Dreams Money Can Buy
Officially have lost my mind its somewhere out there if u find it, tell it I need it back...before I go insane, n cant think straight!!!!
Happy birthday princess <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Check your math. One week plus two weeks equals three weeks not two
Awesome, I can enjoy some DDeliciousness on my way to work!. RT : #WhitefishBay We. Are. Open."
#iLoveMyMomBecause She offers the best dose of tough love out there & .keeps you focused on what matters most.
I'd wouldn't FUCK a pregnant BITCH..
boi thats what u tweet to get some last minute NEW YEAR ASS :) to each his own lol
Two runs, nine runs, who gives a shit? #Brewers can't hit.
I don't like this game. I like when the Yankees win.
What is it about you...I just don't
All I want for Xmas is 98 more rep on Workplace SE so I can edit questions outright before they go downhill. Save All the Questions!
Open minded leads to great ideas
I didn't feel it :/
What an interesting walk to class I just had.
do it
Looking for a change? Call Chris Lukens I can help you. (608) 575 5185
I just joined a ranked queue, how long will you be playing?
Happy National Pigs in a Blanket Day! We didn't prepare to celebrate... I'm thinking a donut shoppe run is in store for us.
RT : wish u was here so I could share this money wit u :-) ---- Lol. Shh holla at cha Guala !
sick of what?
I HATE WHEN I HAVE TO SEND TEXT'S THAT'LL PROBABLY BREAK SOMEONES HEART!
Design theory, UI, UIX, Task Completion, etc. Then let your friend pick tools that work for them - Prog langs, Editors, etc.
Looks like I need to clean up my twitter a bit I hit a limit. Sorry I will follow those that follow me in a few min.
awww congrats ! So excited for you guys :)
I was seeing it up around 1.3GB before I removed some add-ons. Now thing are running much better.
Daft Punk + cleaning = way more done! :)
I was a little sad when I looked at all your beautiful Instagram photos and didn't see any of those dick pics I've been sending you.
I hate that I don't have on this phone.
Carson Racing would like to wish driver, Brennan Newberry, a very Happy Birthday!
yeah its raw as fuck
“: Wow. Awesome win. Respect.”
#nccetl Wolverhampton England. Every kid uses smartphones as primary learning device. They couldn't afford 1:1 computing.
they are! Haha
The best treasure resides in graveyards: Many people died with dreams inside of them that they were afraid to try.
Calling all collegiate entrepreneurs in NY: Enter the NY State Biz Plan Competition, $100K in prizes! (Deadline is 3/29)...
send me the link
Just to clarify: we tweeted that on January 13. Gallery Walk is the second Saturday of every month, i.e. last week.
"The sign of true intelligence is not knowledge but imagination."[Albert Einstein]
#Politics Plus Newt got too many baggages to carry.
I am in such a fabulous mood I just want to tell all of you amazing people CARPE DIEM!!! & no I am not high... Just high on life!!!
“: Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good”//amen!
Beer Pouches are $10 off, and all t-shirts are 25% off, we're continuing our it's a great Holiday Sale! www.brewcityonline.com
Regardless of how you feel about him its great to see sid the kid able to lace em up again
Can I just say I am so happy Mondo won? He is one of the most talented designers I've seen.
I THOUGHT HE WAS DA 1. CLEARLY HE WAS TOO MUCH OF A GIRL 4 ME. REAL NIGGAS HMU. IMMA OLD SCHOOL BTTM
Friday, recording video shoot for #MusicTimeline .
Very nice!
Our cabin just got fucking robbed. there goes my ipod.
whoa... What's next?
woah that's crazy! guess i'll have to pick a sport for my kids to play haha.
Facebooked. Tweeter. Put new pictures on the kids' blog. Yep, that's a full social networking day for me.
Just read the entire timeline of while waiting on Adam Dean at #CotteyCollege. Life is good.
well I was looking into buying the keyboard but wanted to know if there were any bugs or issues ppl had
RT : I never cheer against UK... But COME ON WESTERN KENTUCKY!!! #almamater // wow! But totally understandable.
i love justin bieber with all my hearrt an soul
thanks! I hope I like it but I guess I'll make the best of it while I'm there! haha
club zanzabar was crazy i didnt get home till 6 a.m
what would Coach Kish say?!
Restaurants: More hat racks please!
The other ones too, please!
No no kickstarter I did a thing off of FB
can't wait!!!! WAY BACK will sound the best it ever has though our speakers! We are listening :)
The NBA is teaming up with sanofi-aventis and the ADA for the Dribble to Stop Diabetes campaign.
ha ha ha, love those packers!
The Auburn-Georgia rivalry is 53 years older than the the slinky.
When asked in class to name a company making a difference, I said No minimum investment gives EVERYONE financial freedom.
Mike is the bf right? I've been so out of touch! Shame on me!
Wing Bowl tonight......ya digg
Oh Brach. Nevermind. Yeah he will be good.
so nice to see u from the glass windows :)
Who needs awesome HEADSHOTS at an affordable price?! www.i-standout.com
lol I loved the novel and the film. I need to read and watch it again. I have not seen the family guy parody. I'm going to now ha
March 20-22 is the Nebraska Museums Association 2012 conference. Anyone know if they plan on using a hashtag for Twitter?
But of course.
What a BRILLIANT idea!
well that sucked haha
I was seriously so excited for tomorrow, and you paid for them already!
It's hard enough growing up and it doesn't really help when people are constantly cutting you down. -Selena Gomez
at the bestfriends house watching her mom cook & dance to ! np : beez in the trap ft. 2chains
let's meet next time u r in Memphis
SWOP Colorado was representing at the slut walk! FOLLOW THE BALLOONS......
24 hour fitness downtown Sac! Monday nights with Quirina are the best!!!!!
hey my besties today i went to costco n say mrs,wheiler she has sunburn lol:p
Thank you Alissa thats so nice of you to say. Sorry it took so long to get back to you
Back to school for me today :), that cold was horrible but my vocals are ready to work again :D
Whats your website url?
she cleaned up ! Huge value
What, you dont like it?
How do you keep life simple in this age of overload?
Good afternoon everyone! What's new...besides the rain?
Even when I walk through a dark valley, I fear no harm for You are at my side; - (Psalm 23:4)
Is it live at saga
lol I always be up late night what you doing up.....
Shit that I hear
who else thinks she looks amazing? i know i do :)
Follow Me Please!? 71
RT Bout to run to the gas station. I need the exercise. Gas is 3+..
Blessed my socks off to hear this UGA cheerleader lift up the name of Jesus on Good Mornin America!
Whoever think they words affect me is too STUPID!
RT : So true. "The 'pregnancy police' R everywhere (even in your head)." So much judgment; doesn't end w/ delivery, either...
just one more day till froday.... I can do this :P
bro this Saturday I work 10-5 and then I picked up a shift from 5-close so we are going to split a pizza. Bet?
I am sure he is love u
Last day of classes. Yay. Last day of grading? I wish.
I. Seriously. Hate. Her!
Shit dude. Sorry to hear that! RT : Looks like I'm having surgery next week. What a way to spend spring break
RT : Twice! RT : Charles Woodson is 1st player ever to win 2 NFC Defensive Player of Month awards in same season
is giving away 10 copies of PhotoAlbums+ for #iPhone & #iPad via - #Cydia required
just told me that he was dropped on his head when he was little.. that's sad.
Congratulations to the on advancing to the World Series. Go NL! AL & its game perverting DH is for bed-wetters.
I've never been in a Water Spout Warning before today. Wicked clouds over the ocean. Looking out for flying whales!
every little thing you do ...
Thanks U for Sharing ! Enjoy Ur Twts ! Davis Fam GA ~
OMG Twitter is freaking out over you!! Are you leaving Korea or not!?
Demi Lovato may be a judge on the X-Factor? Uh
I don't wanna accept Justin's an adult. :( but I just keep remembering when he said: "Always Kidrauhl" :')
in mississippi
#ff Do it or else!!!
Phrases made obsolete by technology: "Bring some quarters in case you need to use a phone."
Thanks buddy :)
Thanks! Heading to a Phillies-Dodgers game here at Dodger Stadium before I leave, to say goodbye to my old team and hello to new
Rain is open normal hours today. 5:30am to 10pm. Classes are running as scheduled. Updates will be posted if anything changes.
so the #packers have to trade for colt mccoy now.
he can say/do whatever the hell he wants to me.
kibbles n bits
People with specialized training miss so many big things. I hope to the Universe that I don't have such blinders.
just submitted v.1.9 to the AppStore tonight....and a few new features! Version 2.0 is in the works.....keep your eyes out!
Will do!
My head is smarter than my heart
follow Did You Mean Australia? new official twitter page!
Good tweets coming from and at the UT football team spring practice.
The 45-minute spinning class kicked my butt yesterday!!!
1st attempt @ Xmas shopping today was a #fail! Pickings r slim out there, see what I can get 2mrw.
have another on me then...lemme do some digging, I think i can swing it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK:(
In Nubibus => In the clouds, not yet settled
yours is the honor of having the first account that soft-bounced my email newsletter. ;-)
The Horseshoes always bring #Luck to the Colts!
so proud of you, Daddy.
Good morning everyone! We've made it to Friday
I'm Ugly As Shit When I Run ,
A special #ff The biggest reason I watch Thursday nights and a freaking awsome dude
a scientist said the only true foods are from plants and animals. the rest, edible objects.
Dont Forget To Follow Me Back I follow back
lol I'm extra late too! A tweet the next day! :D
"I can't wait to see that Smurf movie" -Nobody
Pogo by Digitalism is such a good song.
maybe I will run the amy prefix, ketal and water, shot of powers, and a p funk for $10 hahaaa
Thanks for the heads up! I'll have to check them out!
chewing your meat? i thought you were watching the OC not porn
Alright 3 hours and 40 min I'll be out of the cube!
Riki leaves LA to follow LOG on tour going 60 miles an hour. How long will it take a peg legged monkey to shingle a doghouse ?
Gonna start dropping hundred-year-old references in casual conversation so that other people know I'm smarter than they are.
RT : "It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top" -Henry Ward Beecher (via )
THanks for the retweet... what do you #GiveObamaCreditfor... (Plz use the hashtag)
Char Booth says "Don't be afraid of your own enthusiasm!"
lol you never respond to me on here or fb
Goodnight Michelle! You must be very tired if you're going to bed this early! (Well, early for you anyways, Lol)
You cant always have your cookies and cake
I'm a parent: Once I figure out how to tune out crying I might be able to survive this shit. Till then here is the pack'n'play in a closet.
I don't think I've seen an Apple death knell for a while... how about you?
Id rather die on my feet than to live on my knees
Red hot Dempsey is right. YUM!
"People can live one hundred years without really living a minute"
: Plus you can go right across the street to the W afterwards and show them the view!
. Have you seen any Keep the Ride Alive shirts on campus today?! There should be about 75 of them roaming around there. CC:
If Kansas wins anything is possible.
Fuck it dude, let's go bowling.
7 million usa homeless people too. most are invisible.
come here let me hold you, have i told you lately.. I love you like crazy, girl
I love being surrounded by great people everyday I cannot thank them enough for all the opportunities that I've been presented with
Im opening my own strip club ... Club No Weak Bitches On Stage opening soon ...
Err! Skins didn't get Chad Clifton...oh well...got to look elsewhere for an OT now =/
Good look no doubt.
I don't freakin like them!
My day is going alright; I finally got some things organized. Thanks for asking (: How's your day coming along?
Hey, I'm following you, I'm that beauchamp person who's coming up to VYR next Thursday...
Text Cow
The drake tour is smackin!! the summer jam lol meek mill 2chains French montana waka and j. Cole #team drake #no brainer
All I can say is Eh Eh... Off to Miyagi's for Karaoke! Busy weekend is a comin'!!!
i want to make a video "things people say when watching people say things that people say"
Great..a ginger movie
I'm not running my mouth via text to all the Louisville fans that did to me yesterday.
I feel like you're not telling me everything traaav!
Nah. Our tailgate is located on the grass along the tennis center. No parking lot for us.
Bonnie Pitman, winner of top #aam2011 prize, helped create EdCom. We educators owe her our thanks, and credit for development of our field.
#YourCuteAndAllBut your a player.....i dont like Players. if your gonna date someone, like them for them...not just because your bored...
dang bro, didn't think you'd be up this late.
Hey Pls come 1333 H Street NW - Center 4 American Progress () 250+ Ben & Jerry's loving employees :)
So proud of and her great news!!
Aw Okay..I hope my mama dont be on no bs with me imma be soo madd
Queuing at the nerd-rock concert at #MIT150 cog sci event Brains, Minds and Machines. Excitement!
and corn hat!
oh ....wait really?
Bring Back Ringer 14
Another outrageously beautiful day in Milwaukee today. Seriously need to look into a retractable roof for the office.
& singing "Yesterday"...so hot it's ridiculous. Well done guys, well done! :-)
Unless u r helping ur team Beat the Os. Shouldn't u worry about PLAYING, 1st ? Jeez
hey dude follow me!
#lvima use code save10 at checkout to save 10% on classes, lessons, activities and camps!
Be a thought leader? Build eminence? Become the visible expert? Execs I work with mean lead with ideas that help clients & impact business.
its ok baby!!
i like, but i did not have any direct influence!
holy moly! congrats!
It's because I have bacon...
Don't forget! ALL "Left Behind - Rapture 2011" shirts are 25% off between now and the next Rapture, October 21! smashtagconcepts.com
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless
goodnight my dear followers :)
Damn Did Yall See Durant's Dunk?
4sureits all good if its different then that means you're either attempting 2reach your true artistic potential or u have :p
Thanks much Trini...happy new year to you!!!!!
Hope you have had nice weekend. I've been packing up for the move. Feeling emotional.
The #BlueLine always makes me sleepy
got u joe!...boo jackson + 2
New capabilities emerge just by virtue of having smart people with access to state-of-the-art technology. -Robert E. Kahn
lol where's the like button when you need it? ;)
Why is this guy giving a speech during our lunch...?
so glad everybody in helo is okay
Are you or anyone you know (hearing or deaf) fluent in ASL?
whoop whoop!
hi n yea thanks 4 the follow <FRESHMEN BITCHES>
may know the Mayor of Boston, but I AM THE MAYOR OF FUNKYTOWN.
“: Too many cameras out there....... I'm glad I'm really a storyteller and not a gear hoarder, keep focused on what really matters”
lol, but they still don't be doing good mixes with all that
Justin got into a minor car crash!? I hope he's okayy! I love you Justin!
Javale McGee is pure entertainment
Does Any Body Else Find It Ironic That The Newest Strip Club In The City Is Called “The Palms?”
is it okay if I feel the need to rip my own throat out? ICANTSTOPCOUGHINGKILLME
Call yourself a philanthropist if you volunteer, have a bake sale, or give your time and skills. Your gift is significant
Homewerks is dumb. ;-)
YOU KNOW IT!!
late night talk with friend's bro. this is cool.
stick to the b-e-a-t. Party[at]the.townhouse2nite
It's definitely a continuum. Plus, introverted doesn't always equal shy, even though it's a common assumption.
Ch.12 To settle question of dominance and subordination
yo, Haabeebee is gonna get your asses. He was pissed and I was lmao so hard I almost slipped in the shower.
The #Giro still hasn't taken as wonderful advantage as the #TdF of the tourist-draw possibilities of their telecast.
We can't wait to have you Deep In the Heart!
lol ill see you soon!
THANKS FOR INVITING ME
“The temple of the most high begins with the body which houses our life, the essence of our existence..." -Haile Selassie
God be the glory and the blessing will over flow for you.
The #Midyear twitter stream is almost all spam and malicious links (not this one). Click at your peril.
old for sure.
Nice Sly Song!!!
Former Spurs Guard George Karl gets win #1000 to put him 7th on the all time list. Unfortunately, the three above him are still coaching.
Boyfriend on repeat , While im taking my EOC . :)
hey haters
hee hee - just didn't want to see the ol' gal hurt herself!
30 min run <U+2611>. Return to
Meet many brilliant educators at Sidwell Friends today with
RT : Budget is biggest catalyst for change, from stovepipes to enterprise
organizing #microfilm lamps today! tedious but makes the time fly by.
hey, shout out to my brother man. i just wanted to say that.
Have a great weekend!
Solid performance by Eli. Giants played the best football at the right time
Lord FatherSonSpirit God, you know the spiritual enemies I crave triumph over today. Grant me strength for this day.
Due to an unforeseen government hash tag conflict, our malt liquor charity #40dollars is on a temporary hiatus.
you always do things that way.
Gonna get to stoppin in my air forces ones.... NOT
BABY COME BACK
no text back again, smfh.
I think I just heard Michael Giacchino quote "A Love Supreme" repeatedly in the Medal of Honor: Vanguard soundtrack
ACC champs lets go
Pretty stoked on the launch tomorrow night. Amazing magazine and amazing founder! Great representation for Seattle fashion.
congrats to my friend who finished her first 1/2 marathon!!! Awesome lady!
Worth it, doesn't drag. When you've waited so long for this, you don't want it to end.
ha welp I guess well find out soon enough
SULFUR compounds in the mouth cause bad breath & enable inflection. Avoid toothpaste w/sodium laurel SULFATE (SLS). www.closys.com SLS free!
"Have I mentioned how much I enjoy having beer on tap at our house?" Have I mentioned how much I love my wife?
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -Booker T. Washington
Jason, to me, you're Twilight Sparkle. ; )
Just because I like you, doesn't mean I stand by everything you do. Being stupid isn't cute to me.
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others. Keep smiling.
"Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved." -Erich Fromm #happymothersday ;)
At Mulvaney's Pig on the Corner for Soup Line - awesome fundraiser for Loaves & Fishes and St. Johns shelter.
The weather has cleared up, so come down to tonight!! will be on all night!
who ur girl
Don't you mean Frye out? Hill in?
All of us want an Extraordinary Life but we cannot achieve it because we have an ordinary mind.
That's why you should stay in Oklahoma! :)
Tomorrow morning, Thursday, tune into Good day Dallas for a special acoustic performance with PAO! Set your DVR!!!
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: One third of all adults experience difficulty distinguishing left from right!
time moving slow.
I'm Gonna marry TACO:D
@ kgon. That's "blood on the plow" not fire. I must be old.
great food especially the Mary Ann
Requests to withhold public documents from the EP Times were submitted by both the EPISD and the U.S. Dept. of Ed.
“: I forgot how I looked with Braces.” did you see a picture or got them on again? :O
If ur tweets use your own hashtag over & over & over again, U may want to re-think. Be here to listen - not just to be "heard" #Twitter tip,
You can all kiss my homeless ass!!! Jobs are hard to find. And no one wants to help the poor!
We're just pressh(: we all need to
I heart : i heart
Very interesting topic. Thanks for bring up the discussion!
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
Read #HungerGames out of order. Blame #DonDeLillo 4 me not even noticing til 1/4 into second-actually-not-third book, lol. But: loved all.
Peel that banana! Smash dat kiwi! Touch that old man in inappropriate places, and scream I want some jellyfish flavored ice cream! M tasty
White Earth Tribe proposes metro area casino with revenues split 50/50 with state to build new Vikings stadium
did he give you some links?
hey its october 22nd ya bastid!!! :)
Jumping in the whip & all I hear is Jay-z "It's The Hard Knock Life" Let's go...
To me, the pre-Christine Perfect McVie is "real" Fleetwood Mac...which would be before women in the band. I do love later band.
Nvm the 12 more days everyone rub your buddhas for a bond...
I'm about to die!!!!!! I miss my boyfriend!!
hey you loom good with u pretty eyes
Just like people don't realize most of the evil done in the old testament was done by god himself...
ok rule accepted...how about I'm feeling a series win? Lol
mentions= dead. k.
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
is starting his weekend off right--RENEWING HIS TABS AT THE DOL!! WOO! SPRING BREAK!!!!1 *flash*
nm just opened twitter,u?
No joke: some of my students couldn't finish their physiology lab today b/c their skinny jeans were too tight.
Wondering if all the marketing stuff I see on Twitter will eventually kill it. Everyone wants to make money on Twitter. But is this good?
A General Authority said "Google it". Love it!
"Now there's an aching in my back; a stabbing pain that says I lack the common sense and confidence to bring an end to promises."
Costumes, tricks and treats, chocolates and fun … a day to step into some ‘new shoes.’ May you smile and laugh a lot … and get your fav...
#saa11 is the "official" tag. But use both if you want to reach everyone
So this girl with the twitter name of is like one of my closest friends I have here and I LOVE HER!! Happy Birthday!!<3
I passionately hate this shit!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it me or is it very ironic that Rihanna is in the Battleship movie working in the navy. lol
The guy who your talking about an I think I know who ;) lol
Collaborate? Guide? RT what term should we use? Hoarder? Lion tamer? Bartender?
mojitos make my world tolerable at 5pm
So excited for #ICON12! Got my reg packet. So many people at the Biltmore PHX tonight.
YOU need to market your business! What better way than with printed tees or embroidered polos? Call us TODAY 877-244-9913
YOU ARE UNIQUE
Hey everyone! Where are we going to dinner and drinks tonight? Call me at 503.227.1234. I'd love to give you a ride!
There are seriously only six people on this flight. Ow, my carbon footprint.
land of JOYRICH and supra!
It's part of a senior activity kit about farming.
I live in Chicago. I've known BHO and Michelle for 20 years. You've just sent me rightwing lies.
In the mood for a big ol' steak!!!
SkyCity Executive Chef Jeff Maxfield suggests that you use 7-Up or Sierra Mist to keep apples from turning brown after you cut them.
www.papajohns.com you can use my CC. That make it better ? Get extra garlic butter
Who's going to see The Hunger Games tonight? #MidnightHungerGames!
Going to ABQ in 24 hours!
Are the fans at the spring game to see football or to see the next big star on the hardwood
Bout to go get it in
sometimes disconnecting from power, pulling the battery out, letting it sit for ~10s then trying again works
True, Dirks has been on fire
Man, I slept hard
Follow me tho...
yayyyyyy back on twitter
"Went hard all fall like the ball team"
Avatar is on right now. By far my favorite movie ever!!!
Thanks to all who made it out to the show last night! We had a blast!
Anyone have recommendations of people to talk to about Higher Ed Marketing Recruitment trends for my Grad thesis?
where is my Honey Bee?!?
It is good to see someone using research in discussion
And it wouldn't be #CHICAGO without this weather <3
People resonant to pitch specifically. Sing scales to help our body stay in tune... Do Re Me...! All our best from FCS
No #bulls fan wants to see this team lose a team coached by Doug Collins. At least I don't
you're gonna do awesome! Good luck at the talent show! :)
TY for the RT! Tonight my balance includes quinoa, mushrooms, beets, and fish.
I hope you were screaming from the press box, Feigen! Get Dragic in!
Another great day of training at the The Gym - Humble, TX ...pretty in some major work getting these players ready for AAU/College.
ha ha ha ha!! That is so true!
Thank you! She got me the Los Naranjos - it's delicious! Happy birthday! Enjoy...
more than welcome partner.take care
agreed my man, see you soon!
King the forgiver
So this is why my cable bill is outrageous RT CBS Profit More Than Doubles on Rerun Sales, Fees From Cable TV Operators
Today feels like a crafty kinda day... Aaron's working tonight so it'll be just me and a pair of scissors!!
Good Monday Morning! It's going to be a Fantastic week, cuz 'Every Day's a Holiday' Only 12 more days until we'll be in the Caribbean! :)
and we're also really looking forward to having you here on 4/23!
LOL there is coffee in the castle! Get your drink on!!! and thanks for following us ;D
First practice of the season rocked at Sauvie Island
worst day ever. i just wanna leave & never come back.. tired of slaving awayy..
So exhausted. Overwhelmed. And excited about my new job. Making beer for a living is not as easy as it sounds...
has changed to
I was a kid but I knew it was wrong and I did nothing.
That because I was a meteorologist in Orlando. I'm now on the air in Southern California.
Thank you for letting me know that is a fake account. All complements were ment for the real Nam Le!
Nice tip!
Well, THAT is a pleasant surprise. : )
Joining us for Alumni Weekend? Watch #UCAW12 for the latest updates or add your own adventures.
Top o' the morning to you!
Congrats! Proud of you and the team! “: Jumped 13'2.5", broke the sectional and the school record!! Plus our 4x1 won!!!”
September sounds like a great idea. Can't wait to have you all!
Dale Hunter made it seem as if though his time as a NHL coach, present and future, is over.
Being in between belt holes so you have to either wear it too tight or too loose <<<<
Oh, thats the guy you flirt with on facebook;) haha ryan.
its chill ginger baby! We need a "pal wow" (tehe) soon! Its drastic when ya start hearing voices. lol
I clearly work in the #eventbusiness. One of my first questions during #grammys was "I wonder how much liability insurance they carry."
That look you have is plenty...lol
shouts to i did follow back, hunni.
Happy birthday , you handsome bastard.
Why do you love your eyesight? Send us pictures of what things you love to see everyday!
Keep calm and project runway. Hahah
looking forward leading the 4:30 discussion "How Well Do You Know Your Audience?" at Monday's
Poetry lovers, it's time to come out of the closet, get the poem out of your pocket, read it out on the corner, and rock it!
Happy May Day...what are you planting in your garden?
The patio furniture is out (and we have the wine). We're ready to enjoy a sunny weekend (finally). Come on over and join us!
Seeing george clinton tonight at the 930 club.
model up :) so much to do to
And that's why I'm single now!
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
Pleased to be painting a #heartsculpture benefiting ! Yes HOT PINK will be used!
When I'm bored. I start shit. I stir up pots. I need some kind of entertainment. My phone not working & there is no television.
individuals have been contacted.
Now done with my MEA 582 midterm exam and project progress report. I <3 LiDAR!
#backtoschool While you're chilling in class today, tell a friend to Attempt to Fail, see what they say, then tell'em to check us out online
Take a deep puff n exhale ...U Breathin .....
honestly I haven't listened to the radio in the last couple months... I'm all about CD's of the old songs I've listened to...
Today at CDL we got to hear a great talk by Salvatore Mele of
Favorite episode so far. Very impressive to see a #GWU alumni kicking butt and taking names. listen up, renew.
I was saying that caus im blinded by yellow when im on your page. haha
I had never heard of that movie before today. Now everyone is talking about it! Will have to have a date night to see it!
Miami brought the HEAT today!!!
dang girl, this season isnt gonna be the same.../:
the new Jesus culture is so good!
I'll be hosting. CU there RT Who else besides these folks are going to ?
blessings to you too.
maybe youtube? or like Hulu
who did you go with!?
#Twitterstorians, looking for recommendations of a good biography for an American Jewish History Course. Thoughts?
yes we missed u
Why is it still socially acceptable to wear Ed Hardy it's not
Thank you for your beautiful performance of Celtic Pops last night. It was a truly special event!
cardboard box
. Love your Pinterest board. Great #B2B example of what can be done.
Haha! #NBC Sports is taking a page from its "Football Night in America" broadcasts. Jockeys introduce themselves and their horse!
Problem with "austerity" is it's come to mean "take from everyone else so the very rich/powerful don't have to change what they're doing."
It takes the tourists who are on vacation to remind me I live in a beautiful place. Sometimes you gotta stop and play in the sand. ;)
just cause im over it, don't mean im over him<3
MPIYA ENT PRESENTS.. IT AINT EASY BEIN ME MIXTAPE BY NAUGHTY!!! WE GOT PLENTY HEAT FOR 2012!!! STAY TUNED WORLD!!!
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water-drinkers. ~ Horace
Totally, you can use any you like, we recommend Heartbreaker or Her Song for hard rock/blues, Gimme Some Time for an Alt groove
TechCrunch just reported that they're also including some extra filters as part of the deal.
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy online streams on HD
Yeah you do that.
ACTION STEPS: 1. Take a Personal Retreat. 2. Draft your personal mission statement. @
-mine aswell!but im broke & jobless aswell!b like bradgelina & adopt me!lol!
Bill, thx 4 following. Very cool that our interests overlap a lot: #Orlando, #b2b #sales,
The bike/pedestrian dynamic is as bad as the bike/car dynamic. I think it comes down to sense of selfish entitlement on peoples part.
This is too all my friends i am so proud to have all of you in my life bc every single one of you have made a huge chance in my life =)
K guys I'm tryin to stAy awake please start a conversation plz
why not buy headphones to keep at work
Q5: how do you communicate with your designer/client? A5: every client is different, not every client wants to use basecamp....
good season to be suspended tho....dont have a QB
it will be interesting to see what happens with Peyton over the next few months. Big decisions have to be made in Indy!
if your a brunette get a pencil thats 2shades lighter!
Just passed a middle aged man jogging down my street singing 'Pressure' at the top of his lungs.
oh so what? im invisible? thats ok i've always wanted super powers ;D
Why isn't running an hour long special on their own apology?
Airport Sacramento b terminal. They need to replace this already.
I'm auditioning to be in the music department to do vocal performance!!! :)
Thursday night at the movies: Take Shelter, with the terrifyingly great #MichaelShannon. Restful dreams unlikely.
I'm down haven't drank that in months. Bringing bak some #gates sauce to
RT : Listening to Mr. Thomas Hayes of talk about Marketing & Branding in higher education. #CincinnatiShoutout!
It took Nussbaum 13 minutes to get to Tennessee's anti-sharia law.
Random question, but did anyone ever find that "All American" cassette you hid a couple of weeks back?
When someones talking n u just want them to shut up but u don't want to be rude so u ignore them:-)
thanks for the help, know of a good stylist?
The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain." - Kahlil Gibran
Tune in to #Colbert, taking on Wisconsin politics
#WaysToImpressMe Being honest and respectful!:)
We are selling the Breast Cancer Shopping Card in stores! Use it to get 20% off starting Oct 28-Nov 6, benefits the American Cancer Society!
I can't agree more!
Dems using #OWS to push an idea? Or is it just a few Dem pols and pundits who agree with at least one thing #OWS stands for?
I love one of my male friends to the end, he just an ain't shit boyfriend. Point. Blank. Period.
Could not possibly said it any better than that!
Cold but bitch I'm hot I stay with dough like domino's I let em know my flow running snot like a common cold 54321 take off 414 oh 4 sho!!
Oh no! I leave on Saturday... Mickey has been asking about u!
EXCITED to be part of #Chicago teach-in Jan7/8 #humanrights #law #torture #indefinitedetention #Guantanamo #Bagram DETAILS SOON!
And I'm fine with that!
some brownies sure sound good right now
You know what the problem is with wearing a Starfleet uniform in Texas? You really find out what it means to Live Long and Perspire.
I just walked across stage! Woo hoo!
Who doesn't love cupcakes?
oh hell Naw ain't nothing go change!! It's gonna be just like last time!
I'm surprised after two hours of brilliant writing, my heart didn't explode out of my chest.
"Lies" by Marina and the Diamonds has been on repeat since yesterday. Sorry I'm not sorry. Perf song is perf.
Don't forget - tweet your Western photo using #MammothWesternNight for a chance to win tix to the 2/24 game!
are they running u?
Wow, you ARE dedicated to hating the Clippers. The Spurs are pure evil for you, no?
I fucking HATE the kid that chose to sat next to me during my stats test that wouldn't stop SNORTING.
maybe any time is too early for Faraday and electromagnetism lol!
What you need is to come see me at Wish! :)
I would much rather watch that then anything with Boston and Miami lol
Pessimism is self-full filing, optimism is humble emptying #truth?
Thank you for the RT! :)
“: happy birthday Kevin !!!” thank you :)
RT : the US was built by entrepreneurs, innovation fueled economic growth every for decades...let's keep it that way...
Heard a BANG. Saw someone talking on her phone run over a bush, no change in expression till she saw me run: like, what's wrong with him?
how are you guys?
now can u explain
What ever happen to major jackson??
Can you please call ? 859-230-2117! and I pranked him and pretended to be y'all!
#borntodance is my favorite trending topic in a long time. I WAS born to dance :)
Vision is the art of seeing things invisible
im from san antonio too(: love you<3 one of my friends introduced me to you(: your like amazing(: retweet?(;
Bars in Key West close at 4.. My kinda town!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL.
Where are you going today #PDX? Let us help you get there! #BroadwayCab www.broadwaycab.com
Just got the nicest thank you email from a former student :)
I'm scared. I wish I still had you to call.
who started over Rondo at Kentucky?
Another great discovery session yesterday in Boston. iPad app for sales reps. Interactive library, sales messaging matrix, and much more.
Colin Firth is the sexiest man.
No internet,or TV. I think I might die....
yes but I'm fretting
I use Adobe Premiere Pro & my iPhone. A few of my videos that appear "crisper and clearer" were filmed w/ a borrowed camera. :)
I do it anyway
I can self-manage to a degree, but would prefer the host handle application installation.
IN Quotes: "Joy is your inner guidance system."
Aw! Bittersweet! (hugs) RT they got their seasons best score but finished 17 :(
thanks for shout out!
being sick sucks :/
I would definatly have to say timessqaure. :)
Rt and follow please if you love austin mahone <3
you doing it big, imma need a ride soon lol.....
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs ": If you love somebody let them go <--- Whoever made this up is an idiot."
Can't Sleep.
please. Remember the days of watching caps games with me on N. Wash?
We've gotten the free Walmart gift card spam, also same for a Target gift card.
buses seem really slow when you're late
um no. santa is still growing his beard
Who uses crayons anymore?
:) Followed ya!
yesterdays beach shoot is up. =]
Paris, I'm in love with you
Gotta love a few things about #apple and #nyc. when you forget your powerchord, the 5 store is open 24/7; there are 8M people in the store
Thinking of u this mothers day!
Feeling #blessed with love and support right now.
A Louis Vuitton hand bag is a Accessory not an Accomplishment!!!
Colleague posed this question, "If Reading Counts was/is the answer, then what was the question?" I really think we need to discuss this.
Painting Flowers
3-cup chicken for dinner. marinating chicken in soy sauce, sesame oil, cava, a bit of vinegar and some Minnesota honey first. attn
I haven't seen anything scarier than the girl working at pita pit in a long time!
I'm disappointed in your article. It says nothing about how to taste and if anything makes wine tasting seem intimidating.
Let the festivities begin!
You almost need sunglasses to watch the #sdsu at colorado st game. CSU hardwood = #ugly &
hopefully isn't watching the game.
I find the kids walking around school with flour babies hilarious...
Oooooohhhhhweeee...... download the 7-4-09 show at pulsehiphop.net!!!! THIS WEEK, SPECIAL GUEST DJ ****
goin in the snow with sierra later!
homemade ginger: Kitchen Inspiration
“: Going to start my own blog, but can't decide on the focus. Doing it for you to read so...” How to survive @ poly
Match.com again. This should be interesting!
Eat me
am a virgo.,and I love hearing from u.:-)
lol. No, remember I don't drink soda, but did want to try the HiC drinks.
U aint buff like me
YAYYyy !! You finually got your braces off bff !! :D
Happy Friday to YOU!
i wish adam young would marry me. ohmygoodness.
awesome, would be great to meet when you find yourself in Austin! Hope your '84 Southwind makes the trip in one piece!
best follow ever
call me later.
Justin Masterson is a white Jamaican
Gaines smokes it to first but right at 1B.
lol my head was hitting the roof
Alpenrose dairy cancels huge Easter egg hunt for first time in 50 years. Blame wet weather and saturated parking fields.
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
If I leave here tomorrow Would you still remember me?
Is your tweet what happens when a jazz trombonist tries to cover a Beatles song?
You have a point there.
Super excited to hear about and BTR going on tour together its gonna be AMAZING!!!
Take me back just before I was spinnin <U+E443><U+E326>
Haha! Well! Seemed like mix of Cher/Clueless and Cabbage Patch Kid; having spoken 2 u in RL, I noted difference. :)
Just saying that the game is hard to watch, past that, you just want a fight. I'm going back to the draft, enjoy the game.
Younow Today! The only thing I look into on Mondays <3
RT : Grateful as a member of the SCIP board to meet a delegation of Chinese CI colleagues. <U+6B22><U+8FCE><U+6211><U+4EEC><U+7684><U+4E2D><U+56FD><U+4EBA><U+670B><U+53CB>!
At? Or DOING the YMCA?
Oh yeah, “: Do elected officials use social media to have a conversation? Or is it a press release that bypasses the media? #cpg140”
O'neal young Anthony Mason lookin ass.
oh not a problem love :) haha x
just getting a chance to watch #Raw and I have to say did what he does best
Wow tomorrow is "fatty Tuesday" already. Probs you didnt know thats Mardi Gras translated exactly from French
I am ready to be done with the flu now.
well i could use that i'm allergic to ducks and every morning those ducks swimming in my lane makes me sick
Performing tonight :)
Does your business have a slogan that could show up on a t-shirt? gave me an inspiration today from a tweet ;-)..thanks!
Based on a combo of stats that are calculated into a ranking cbs sports top 5 PG are: CP3, Westbrook, D-Will, ELLIS, JENNINGS.
We are just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl
Now this is the cali weather I know
Why y'all jokin' bout bron with no rings . Y'all need to talk bout melo and his no ring having ass .
Flashing ur $$ around don't mean shit.. just goes to show u that u hav to buy ur friends n ass
Happy birthday Bow Wow !
phone dry & dead .
ok, what's the story on Scotty?
Glad you enjoyed! Hope to see you again soon! RT : awesome coffee and beignets this morning! thanks
what time / time range are you looking for
muchos gracias for the shout out! You guys rule.
Cold, wet and under caffeinated yet thrilled to support the NBTI team this morning to benefit brain cancer research. No rain next year!
im back the circus was off the chizzlle
getting food ready for superbowl go pats
Hello World! Did you take care of business today? .. Monday's are to be charged at-not dreaded...
Wishes everyone a happy mother's day!
Hannahan's home run marks 3,000 home runs in Progressive Field (Indians and opponents)
going good thanks :) yeah I hate when I can't sleep
Y'all, I had a blond moment. I have been saying an $8T market that reaches 3M when that should be 3B. Liberal arts major. Bad at math.
Go get em girl! Your class and strength through all this is truly inspiring!
Today's breakfast special at the Cultural Center: Veggie Omelette and toast- $3.45! Eat in or take out 941-625-4175 ext 261
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid. -AE
IT Solutions that work for small business. Thanks to all our wonderful clients here in Houston!!!!!
Live from the apache!
Money and possessions will not make us happy. You can never get enough of what you don't really need!
Just realized that Big Miracle takes place in the same Alaska town as 30 Days Of Night. Vampire whales!
Eatin at dennys at 2am your only young once
Woot! Pumped we made your favorite tweets! Thanks Andrew, Happy Friday!
Hey I'm playing in Alpharetta in a few weeks I sent you an invite on FB!
Needed: PR Company. . . .
The "Entertainer of The Year" nominees are , , , Blake Shelton, and
"whatsoever you declare in heaven, is also declared on earth"
Don't miss Scouting for Girls headline in Lincoln on 3 Sept with Glee inspired G*Mania performing amongst others too!
the fact that the opp uses twitter and facebook = west adopted a candidate, that may have caused his loss, iran is not tehran
ur piano playing was awesome
2 nights in a row I end with "Jack Sparrow" and pack the dance floor??? LOL!!!!
We have been watching for awhile now. This guy is the real deal and worth following if you are serious about sports betting!
tell me about it
Heard a good performance of the Manhattan Sinfonietta yesterday. One of the best New Music Ensembles in thie country. What's your favorite?
So does anyone else agree that it's kinda silly for the media to be more interested in the royal wedding than the situation in Libya?
It's #TurkishHammer time! Step it up hammer!
music is life..
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Always respect time, because time waits for no one and you can't get a second back"
Yeah you shot slugs didn't think that I would catch them?
Social networks are the new plumbing
whats the score, what inning? Cant listen :(
Rick Santorum probably started fake-swearing again when Obama called Ryan's Budget a TROJAN Horse. U know how much he hates contraceptives.
yes very beautiful! an amazing place :)
Good game though.
Someone name me a very redneck thing to do. Best ides goes in our next short film which involves such things.
am reading MILO with nine-year-old -- wonderful!
Registering for a FREE Vacation! Our Lucaya Beach & Golf Resort on Grand Bahama Island! www.majkltravel.net Trip of a Lifetime Sweepstakes!
Well time to work out
For graduation and prom I'm going to do my hair and nails with my everything my besties my wifeeysx98;* <3<3<3
Well, I hope to get a few more miles out of her.
I feel like Flo-Rida is just.... There.
I feel like falling in the Grand Canyon
It's 1:00 &i haven't ate anything! #starving!
who runs the world? Squirrels!
Another restaurant promo video coming soon!
#MedecoNexgenXT The easy system management allows for flexibility in access and the ability to monitor usage of keys
im jealous!
Jim Irsay just fucked up my team
Cant wait for the next Bark at the Park @ the New Marlins Stadium.
As much as I hate Mariano Rivera as a lifelong Sox fan, with this ACL tear, you still gotta hate him.
so true man keep going hard C
I highly recommend it even for you younger folks out there
THE ONLY PLAYER THAT SHOULD BE PULLED FROM THIS GAME IS NOT THE PITCHER, BUT THE FUCKING 2ND BASEMAN
I'm glad someone appreciates my puns :)
People are really upset that black characters were cast in Hunger Games???? The media trying to change the fact the George killed Trayvon?
I don't know how much more I can take... I'm at my breaking point. I'm about to explode.
Just saw a guy seemingly riding home from work (in shirt, tie & slacks) on a #Unicycle! :-/
#ThunderUp let's do this thing!!
On my way to bible study can't wait to see my loves!!!!
Glad to hear :)
Chuck Norris jokes never have nor never will be funny.
your avi shows that you're 4x's a lady!
Think i'm actually starting to favor sounding as though i am deathly ill and have not slept in two weeks
confirmation party with the family!
hey miss tee.
Switch account -.-
I c now, that bein a good man WILL get uLAST place : (
There's a reason your my ex
late night food run?? :)
Our newest writer is off and running. You'd be crazy not to follow her.
Yes and No. I have people coming over to see the apt. And I have to figure out how to use the vacuum without power.
smooth one!
I believe it.. And I'm impressed.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways feel what i feel, and give me his arms when i really need.
Use the tools that are there to make it easy for people to buy what you're selling and make it clear what they're getting
why not us?
soon - next weds may 9 - share it w David bowie actually :-)
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning
Job & boyfriend. Chicagoland. No homework. So, perks for the most part.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. Na
Where can I find reality-based conversations with successful small business owners (NOT biz success gurus)? - Any podcast recommendations? -
i've voted for berlin! I really hope he comes!!!
trust me I got my eye's on em that's why I'm single
Is it just me or does it seem like everything Zac Efron did to his hair, Justin Bieber's doing?
Time fo this hair cut! My nigga Cliff is the truth at the barbershop over on Meyers and Puratin. He cuttin niggaz crispy
follow me :)
and then I'll bang ur tuna girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Head rules official for round three of the Sioux Falls City Girls golf tournament. What up.
": "Goals allow you to control the direction of change in your favor." Brian Tracy"
I got the cutest new swimsuit top eva!!!
I hate it when flies rub their hands together, makes me think they're up to something...
What's happening with American-born blacks that is causing these differences? Isn't helpful to pit groups against each other
welcome home!!
any time
you love your 'besties" i expect a lot of tickets!
Welcome back sunshine. We missed you.
For those who have owned the iPhone 4 and then got the iPhone 4s. Are you glad you switched? Is the 4s better than the 4?
One challenge of interD work is getting definitions straight
I will be in NYC from June 7th to the 16th... Are you guys attending EditFest, or up for meeting outside it?
I love
yeah,the battle world slowly getting watered down like the industry. smdh
A special Luncheon was shared 2day in my honor with Pres. Jenkins-Scott & Dr. Auma Obama (sister of President Barack Obama )
YES! But with you, of course. You into that?
Getting an education
Go and Follow For Me Plzz! Thanks
"My car fell off the Vancouver ferry" followup. Best/worst April Fool ever #world'smostgulliblemother
RT : RT : Our Beach House Is Gonna Be Jumping!
its how I feel too :)
I see u in dat place again. Who u talkin too . U!!!!smh... I know girl couldnt stay away... :-)
Front desk doody. Boo.
In search of Spring ...if I find it I'll bring it back with me
Disruptor 1: everyone is an entrepreneur
Cause I don't play Unless it's keys Then I play all day You like em keys We gon' play all day Wet dreams Fry your brain all day
What will it take for you to change your name to Paulie Old Style just for a day? Go on, tell me!
What is the name of that dance group I ran into in Ljubljana? Argh! It's on the tip of my tongue and has lots of J's.
“: My 11k tweet goes to my newest best friend ! Oh and I guess <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” I guess that'll suffice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
A Secret Service agent in South America
Nope! You can't come between me and my food :P
Mentally preparing myself to crochet and sew most of Thursday and Friday
What's good with you ma! How has your day been thus far?
The hardest thing for me to do for my 18 year old is to understand she is no longer mine but Gods.
i bet it's gonna be humid as fuck outside
A great session on the new version of the OHMS beta. The indexing feature is incredible.
good morning. new life motto in effect: i will have no regrets. ever.
I am at work today so this will probably be the last tweet of the day today but you will hear from me again tomorrow Kisses everyone
how did you like the airplay you bought from us?
Style is something, substance is a bit more but attitude is everything!
Donuts & sprite for breakfast
I love my mom....:) Thats my world
you're welcome! Come on by on your bike and get 25% off any item! We're closed Sundays.
Good point, I think they could compete In the Big East But the Big East doesn't even deserve to be a BCS conference anyway
Heading to 6:00PM FREE Concert in Fountain Park tonight. All part of "The Memorial Disc Golf Tournament" which continues through the week.
notice that the community and pr folks are more into chat. the ux folks are more concerned with dissecting lack of tool perfection.
Another beautiful day! What's happening tonight? Let's get out and explore this city...
I think should meet a bunch of us at Bdubs later to watch the game!
Jan Cohen-Cruz Center for Teaching Directors an important resource for engaged scholarship
hi thanks do much for being my first follower. I just started twitter so it is pretty cool. Thanks again (:
I may need to holla at u about ur lady friend. I dont think she has found the right one yet. Peace to u Kris Humphries
Hey, good morning. Have a great day!
haha I like it ;)
Jordan Crawford is a problem
We're happy to help. Let us know if you need anything.
Correction: black love event is still set for Friday! Come to ball hall! Event starts at 5:30-7:30!
kindergartener: "a healthy lunch is healthy is for you...but not the cafeteria lunch."
What a great night ! Make plans to be there next Saturday for #saturdaynitechurch at 6pm!
fair enough. I did laugh.
asks for a moment of silence for our troops that have and continue to preserve our freedom so America can remain the place we love to live.
I'm coming over....only if they are of age lol
so... i think i need a longer vacation. 3 days is not enough of a summer getaway..
people don't understand that i'm a sarcastic asshole
Best part is the service call is set for Tuesday. As in, next Tuesday.
Love to share more about the biz if you direct message us ur contact info tho. Maybe you'd like an invite to our opening party?
Editing video w/o appropriate or full featured software...
Omg, please tell me our pitas aren't included in this list.
Right, but some people have smartphones
Game of thrones reference, no?
Thanks for the mention !
i gave her $350 for that #abortion 7months ago,so whats with this #UnexpectedArrival ?
Has anyone ever told you that you're amazing?(:
elohel its okay , But Listening to music you?
God life hell things that we all know about
Pucks dropping-Seattle knows there are out-they get it. Going on KJR950am 11:20am to talk NHL sale of the Yotes. Hmm Quebec calling next?
West Seattle: I got Schweddy Balls at Admiral Safeway, 2662 California Ave SW Seattle, WA 98116
Porcello gives up 8 runs, 7 earned... 46 pitches and we're thru a half inning.
“: I just build a mystery inside my toilet.” Oy vey.
Lol, there is a crowd surfer during Built To Spill.
Awkward moment when you have to explain why you smell like weed.... My reply 'yolo' :D
she's stylin' now!
LS 1426 attending "Let the runway meet the cause. OMG what a time! I met some fabulous people tonight. Good job Lamaica.
I got to pee xDDDDDDDD jkjk
Hey Every-Any One-I got locked out of my former Twitter account-don't ask! Here's the New-Please drop the other & follow this one-Love 2 U.
Big shout out to the Muddy Udders who rocked the joint last night! JC
starting tomorrow neither will I! And I'll never get to see my man
#1waytopissmeoff drive like an idiot.
Buying these tickets as soon as my mom gets home so please have your money tomorrow :)
Spent entire day editing friend's reel and my short film Rain Dance. Both look awesome. Now sleep.
you aint put in on this man
Question ru guys going to post up that live podcast you guys did at that Con about a week or two ago?
Everyman Espresso is the best I had in New York.
in class shout out to twitter
Wake up kids. We've got the dreamers' disease.
I had a cat but I got curious, and something happened to him.
o, check you out!<3
is having a great day!
shirts are on their way - be sure to tweet a pic of you in them when they arrive :) Go
I'd really appreciate it! You were asking for Criminal remixes awhile back! (=
Whatever it's Friday. Enjoy it! Embrace it.
Listening to Judas by lady gagaaa,.....so addictive.
HA! You are too funny! That gets you a spot on my newly created "The Best People on Twitter List!!
Penalty - 12 trees scores
lol well I think you succeeded.
Still a blackberry fan... But i just cant justify paying 20 bucks a month to get my work emails. Peace out bb, welcome bk android
Thank you :))
Deputy Dir. of Program & Service, Jay Thompson, sharing the State of ProServe with the corps.
Girl DJ's ROCK!!!
Let me get up
the color faded :/
Twitter fight :3 Where's my popcorn
shot out to all our friends at the rixen today, lets hope the monsoon goes away for next weeks event!
We will be at #summerfleacolumbus tomorrow! Come check out our booth for some great deals!
Have a guest in my house. Watched FT w/me this a.m. and remarked, "Wow, they tackle real subjects". Best sports show period.
horrendous customer service
do you customize the column headings on Tweetdeck or are they preset?
we're on it!
“ “: So many girls fall in love with the wrong guys, simply because the wrong guys say the right things.””
RT So that nap thing didn't work out. Attempt
lol, good to know I'm not the only one! I usually end up stuffing everything back in random places!
Thanks to all the artists that work with us. Their great talents make this possible!
lol your right, the losing record..
Thanks for the RT, Peter!
Why Is Tripping That Kim Kardashian Is Dating Kanye West
: RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Thanks for everything you do and all of the sacrifices that ...
Social Networking serves as a powerful marketing tool..take advantage
Bad Romance
Would listen to the Obamacare Debate in the S.C. But I am only interested in the mandate to buy a certain type of good.
The dogs will be back for finals. They're currently scheduled for Tues., May 15 from 4-6pm
im so jealous of my cousin .. she goes to school wit jason and just called me cuz she was dancing with him.. ohh hell no lol
Might go to catholic school
Thanks! I saw that page but somehow missed the reference. Will update.
Lmao I just finally started using
Mr. Player i'm getting tired of your games so this is me saying GOODBYE :)
The Spurs take on Kobe & the Lakers tonight for the final time this week.
He would tweet me while sitting next to me if i let him i almost threw his phone out the window the other day
really feelin the lyrics in that up n down joint Follow back I'm an upcoming artist outta ny..
can't wait to see you at the Aladdin! xoxo
Final performances of Look Back In Anger today at James Bridges Theater. Great audience reactions. Last show 7 pm. Come on by!
Can't wait to hear the follow up on improper payments hearing! Keep us in the loop!
Totally agree! RT : Mobile food is not going anywhere. The City needs to accommodate in the Loop.
... also: about:mozilla
SMH TEBOW IN New York!!! I swear the #Jets are a circus.
Meeting for a Tex Mex feast. Discussing Tech Writer Hell, pulp horror and metal -- all the important stuff.
Where is EB today? Two man show = JP Flaming for 4 hours.
Daytona is on over the show today, that's a lose
congrats! See you this weekend
had to favorite that one. lol
Ugh I have to follow my sister Kirsten! Gonna hate it.
Start at 6pm. Featuring Mexican to start 5 de Mayo earlier. Come see and meet beautiful people!
gotta ca me to discuss rates
Night peeps
YOU GUYS! Their's only one solution: BABY DANCE OFF!
It seems I'm always in a perpetual search for the perfect oil painting brush... okay, yes, and the perfect handbag
Literally can not sleep anymore.
Good Morning! I'm starving!!
Grass isnt always greener on the other side lolRT : LOL Melo chose the Knicks and now look.
The best memories are from summer nights & days!
are you harumphing me? I am bringing bread for lunch at 1.
Come over, we'll watch scary movies, and every time someone does something stupid we'll take a shot.
got you playa :)
Make a million still a loser
Rt if you want to
HURRY! Click LIKE if you intend to indulge in a Rio Marg any time soon!!!
Got free lunch today.
The Phillies and Cole Hamels agreed to a one-year, $15 million contract
Beautiful Icon :) What about :) She's completely gorgeous <U+2665>
It was last night, and now it's working fine. Odd.
Help us spread the word about Good Luck Jane? @ Reply at least one person you follow with www.facebook.com/goodluckjane Thnks
Clear my mind, it's time to okay some ball!!
Just got in from that party bus. I'm tired as FUUUUUUUCK !
is amazing. :*
Okay, how about a reply to the email I sent you, no character limit. Or a link to an article, or pdf, blog, or something...
Dear BCS: Get the top four teams, have them play each other, winners for the title. And to hell with the Rose Bowl.
Happy Friday for
is getting ready for cocktail reception hosted by Jamaica Tourism Board.
Where you been all ma' life!?
Just started a Run. 52 °F, 6mph N, 47%
the best randomness keeps conversation going
PC is over 106,100 downloads! Thank you to everyone who has used PC. I really appreciate it and look forward to the next 100k downloads!
See you there! RT Are you ready for some CONFERENCE? (Sing in line with the "Are you ready for some football?" tune.
Appreciate the mentions and RTs!
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming
Money On My Mind-Notnice Prod
I'm sure she won't mind. Besides, its completely misleading! If I hear pie, I want pie... not yogurt.
Hm...Interesting choice of words there.
“ If you were in arena you would have seen JR baiting Barbosa all way downcourt. press row saw it coming
Conforming, tweaking, building, sculpting, smoothing & prepping the FX, dialogue and stems for latest version of "The Secret Life of Dorks."
#RockyMountainHorrorFilmFest will have a #screening at 2PM at #12VoltTavern! Come on get your horror on!
I will definitely order u a gift copy! My 1st boyfriend found me on fb. We were eng. 4 2yrs. 15-18 yrs old is when we d ...
Happy birthday, Sonic the Hedgehog! You taught us everything we know. About nature.
The judge takes his time to enter court an hour late. Ready to go. Waste of time because of a hater
gotta try this Artisan House place. Looks so good.
RT Even deaf people want to fuck punch the Salvation Army bell ringing brigade.
The value of an asset is a risk assessment input - because a high value asset is hacked that doesn't mean that all assets are at risk
Is it possible for a person/child to have to different grades of hair curly in the front and tighter coils in the back?
Bunny ears of freedom?
To many people in here.
pretty good.hbu?
Thanks t M. Evelina Galang's graduate creative writing class for chatting with me on Skype!
Elton Brand the only nigga serving...
Nothing like watching a Cavalier go sideways around an entire turn. Fun night.
I was voted "Mejor Modelo" or Best Model in Spanish :)
Honestly, this song is brilliant - very under-rated by most.
how much I don't want Nasri to lift the premiere league trophy
I would not make u wait. Being Punctual is a good thing. I don't like being late, then u fill like ur playing catch up.
just way to much stress for finals
This time of year really takes me back to 8th grade...everything was so perfect.
Who had fun with their dog this weekend?
golf?? I know your down
you are quite a guy!
Day job all day, and A LOT of research tonight for auditions tomorrow...just hope my back cooperates!!
Arrowhead Girls Golf Team Gives back for Breast Cancer Charity Event! Good Luck this Season Annika!!!
looks like I'm the only one that doesn't like electrolytes.. ok. don't care.
Wow 352! Well my #donation will be received with open arms. Can't wait to donate the sequels too.
"cause he ain my man "
About to watch #Taxi and omgg i was watching ICONIC from season 1 and they got eliminated on week 3 and they were so freakin good.
Good morning, Nica! Did you get our email or DM? Looking forward to hearing from you!
I've gotten in the habit of deleting all my texts before going to bed after drinking, so as far as I'm concerned, none of that ever happened
All the Scandal episodes have been excellent, but tonight's 4/26 is superb . I restarted it to watch it twice. .
street knock slaps. like im watching the old ruff ryders video with A.I. and swiss cars.
CBS Atlanta has a reporter who claims the nickname "pothole". I guess it is good to take pride in your work...
Enjoy the steaks & chicken! and thanks for stopping at the shop today. #dofl DM contact info about photography.
So welcome!
El Cerrito is trending on twitter because of the earthquake this morning . I think that is a first.
Words to the wise... Love is power Hate is a weakness... whats your passion?
Thanks for following! Go #padres!
Gig tonight finally making some cash
Happy Birthday!!!
question for ya what inspired you to start these videos? i would love to know
Thanks for following Thanks for Following, I'm a Boxing Follower myself! I see you follow back
thanks for RTing!
its like nice in edinboro its kinda windy doe but nice!
I love that you played Dolphins into the Future this morning. So good.
Line out the door just to get my tux
so cool, there's free yoga in the park in coconut grove, why I haven't been yet is beyond me. All changing next week though! :-)
wtf...my tv just stopped working..i jus bought it.smh
would "hey, it's 8 pm, I'm watching Big Bang, I convinced my kids to go to bed st normal time on a non school night...
I want to thank #MarshawnLynch for putting this team on his back. You dude are a
Dude can flash the leather. RT : Plays like that make me hate Kotchman just a little less.
It seems my heart's in the way .......
you fucking suck at life.
whelp i think so! i sent it in with my entry XD hahaha and they loved it!
That means we r both awesome! Lol! <U+270C>
At a mall in sarasota killing time
SuperCmte stmt defends inaction w/ commitment to act in new unified front to not leave deficit to next generation. Wait, what just happened?
Second day listening to Black Friday mixtape this CD is fire!!!!
Why am I awake. Back to sleep.
yes its charging now. Sounds good!
I am ready for Ghost Horizon. Look out for G.H.
. Thanks for the RT!
This weekend 3 day party and Pig roast, visitors from California, England, Alabama, Wisconsin, Iowa, Indiana. The best club & party to be @
Finally get to watch my little bro play baseball today! Have a good & safe Memorial Day wknd! Don't speed, I saw lots of cops out this a.m.
Yeah, we'r waitin it out like a hurricane watch at this point lol!
It's fo' free!!
Derek Holland looks like a pedophile.
This pizza is going to be so good!
It is an honor to have the endorsement of Rep. Luis Gutierrez and all of the Latino leaders who came out to support my bid for Mayor today!
bought a #vizio tv from walmart 7 years ago. Not a single issue with it. My LED #samsung from #Bestbuy is dying and is less than 2yrs old
found someones black iphone but it's locked and its not a 4 so I can't voice dial anyone. Thoughts on how i can return it to them?
May all your dreams come true!! :)
So does anyone else wanna be in my video?
too bad you dont have a chance @ playin the Pacers this year. Maybe next year.
el oh el if jordy ever got pulled over for bein wasted then he can hang with my dad cuz yolo daddy used to do that
sorry, forgot to add my hashtag: Hell yeah
Celebuzz Couple of the Year: Round 2 (POLL) Celebuzz needs your help in choosing our favorite celebrity couple of the year! Khloe & Lamar
I would love 2 see the rebirth of the "WarGames"
aww man i turned off the game ..i missed the best part #smh oh well.
my husband Spencer will be there today while I am on a plane! Big hugs
Hey Jeffrey , thanks for follow
Today is going to be a great day. Let it be your canvas and paint away. Happy Friday!
Cute harley guy in white bandana, find me:)
“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.” -Wayne Gretzky
": I rather have an honest enemy than a fake friend."
Do you sometimes get the sense you have little in common with your mate? Don’t feel too badly, you’re not alone.
morn'in IRIS!!!
Don't be. Just a crazy dream. Should be worried more about the cooking one - that's a lot of food! Ha
is on her way to her favorite five-year-old's bday party! :)
i highly recommend using online calculators when available to plan your meals. I just cut the calories for my qdoba meal in less than half!
I think I just made a font
I wish it was shining, it's cloudy and chilly :( I am good, busy with school and the daycare here, my son, going to the gym LOL
i just need to write you at that email address, MissJean?
Nice trade! Hardy is young (27) w/pop (61 HRs last 3 yrs), while Span (1 of AL's best leadoff hitters) is everyday CF
Last day! $120 off any future event!!!
#givemeabreak you didn't ing say it straight to my face, loud and clear! So you! Now I'm in trouble!? Can't trust me? PLEASE!
Its #MusicMonday everyone! Tag us! Also, are there any house shows nexr week? We would love to play!
Does someone want to book us a show outside of the Memphis Area?!?
k ill make sure i call
first 1000 or 1500 get jerseys tonight?? Judging how early to get to The Wolff tonight
SLOW MOTION SUICIDE!
The museum can reach only those whom it can attract. This fact alone is enough to compel it to be convenient to all... - John Cotton Dana
I try but he says he wants to be left alone
So glad to be almost finished with school. What an accomplishment! :D
and one more full week!
Ok, Honolulu attempt no. 2. If this lousy airline don't make it, I'mma swim...
Damn apparently every one knows everything about life these days... Why didn't I attend this meeting? Just kidding y'all still ain't shit.
Happy to have some potential volunteers come through orientation last night and are ready to train! Get motivated to help people read today!
"Q: What's black, white and read all over? A: A newspaper."
Follow our #MTCollegePrep co-founders, and !
Amazing. Am super psyched about this development.
We will post the trivia question for tonights shirt giveaway at 8:30 central time.. stay tuned .. Watching Pale Rider
Right on! See you soon!
thanks sugar, miss ya fave
Pet Peeve phrase of the day: "Real D"
Can women "rock the bowtie" too? How would you convince them to participate ?
I'm signing off twitter b/c I'm not watching #WDYTYA and want to be surprised :-/
swallow balls, nuts to .... CAMEL TOE !
Ellis assumed. said that she would have voted to put it on the ballot @ council, but no one asked her about it.
years of savings is gone. Who has Patricks money, Ken Harrison's assets, everything he owns needs to be liquidated. He is a very rich.
#Thunder ball.
What flickering lights mean: 1% electrical problem 99% demons
FYI: my son's submission for Great Demo Review has a track based on a line from one of your columns (song called "Drunken Friend")
Goodnight young world # StayBlessed ^.*
Win super bowl tickets or a an ipad2. FREE to play. Go to playffnow.com
I don't mean 'shouldn't be free' but that's their prerogative.
Excited for trip to Seattle! #AmexVirginAmer thanks and
that's the real deal, though. There were other stations for the other carrier & no other long distance transport, so no confusion.
Love that! RT : There are two girls in the metro wearing bee costumes. Wanted to ask if they've heard of blind melon :D
That. Was. Awesome.
ALANA U JUST GOT HACKED and y dont u wake up yet ive been tryin 2 call u 2 c if u wana go out! Anyway today is my bday ps from cuzin Jade!:)
I'm feeling a tickle in my throat....
Our cd release party is April 17th at Scout Bar! 18 and up! Be there or be square!
yea, dance week might hurt him ... Btw, Paula is retarded.
Awesome - glad we could help! RT : Wow. That was super easy. My students will love it. Thanks!
Practice your sound bites in advance.
How can you seriously bring a baby to The Dictator?
Looked like Rep Champion's light went red, green, red, and finally switched to green.
is u my real daddy? starring all the wayans
RT : Attended workshop tonight. Always nice to be around people who take their craft seriously.
Will the #Democrats spend their entire convention dumping on their state hosts?
In my eyes weak sauce is # kentucky and also a follwer she might fight back but she is always being nikki's shadow that;s so sad
... this is preparation for reading *Ready Player One* and taking about Adventure and Minecraft in grad seminar.
"Just get off my azz n get it"
I am very excited to see the movie don 2 and you made <U+200B><U+200B>me more excited than before! I wish you to be happy always! love ya
Did you that when in doubt all you need to do is take the next small step so enjoy this holiday season step by step
Me too :(( RT I wish my roomie was here to cuddle with me in tha rain :(
Music and other art forms can drown out conscious right next actions or create them.
Ok , done for the first half of the day , time to unwind and probably eat something and go see a movie ...
My son has hid my wallet ... this is not good.
Like to cook? - Listen Up! It's "More Herbs - Less Salt" day across the country, health experts wanting you to cut down on the sodium.
am in meadowhall this weekend then nottingham next weekend and are you :)x
talk about me behind my back. just becuase i was off for 2 days. whatever. im not the mean one in this situation.
well you need to wat if I come chill with you one day im not gonna want to eat out..U gonna have to cook for me..lol
Sitting at home enjoying a quiet sunday.....
She has one herself though. She will say that never happened to her
good luck(: and have fun...(:
yes :-( they went nuts on me and Said I drove a raper van lmao
#imagine Austin:*Yourname* you get an A+ for being cute,For being Sweet,And for being Mine<U+2665> -anna
can u do me a favor? Iwant a fansign from u's and ican do a fansign for u's.. Please message if u want to talk to me
...Couldn't. Understand. A. Word.
You're listening to music with from 6 to 8 am - "It's gonna be great" - Stephen Hawking
I got both of those shows on my agenda as well! You making videos for both?
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee
Me too! Abc family if you wanna watch it
I don't think you understand how bad I just loled to myself <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> holy god I'm dying
Someone's in my bubble, i need my space !
Who is #WillMiddlebrooks? And if they plan on keeping him up, why is he wearing #64? The #RedSox take the lead 2-1 after 1.
what started a few years ago in an office in San Mateo is now opening in an amphitheater in DC.
Probably not...You would win too easily.
you all are overpaid...
I could get used to these kind of weekends where you get to take a nap on Saturday and Sunday.
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 81F Fair: 81F Fair
you're gorgeous !
thanks deej! such a meaningful welcoming to twitter. love you babe! =)
wheres my Shaun?! I miss you!
Today was such a lazy Tuesday....:/
poker, cocktails and naps! sounds good to me ;)
yea it's funny how real life gets in the way of tweets and i'm not one for tweeting every move like 'now im taking a shit/eating/etc'
Toys for tots would be more fun, and accurate, if they rewarded donations with tater tots. I mean who calls kids tots anyway?
Because kinky people, are happy people.
was gettin it tonight. So excited to have him choreograph.
I hope everyone has a good day,today I have school so I'll talk to you later
CALL ME MAYBE! #YEEUH You guys were hilarious, cute and AWESOME. <3
Running outta time where is ma runaway love… I won't stop 'till I find my runaway love!! #remember?? :')
To have a good relationship is to delete your social page. Lol
I'm ALWAYS tired
Still no power in all of Montecito Heights.
hahaha awww I try , I try ^.^
That was pointless... Back to my music..
I love #glee and #isupportgaymarriage so basically I hate Bristol Palin. :)
I'm sorry I'm a sucker for this hopeless romantic, bullshit.
. Congrats! I hope I can get out there at least opening week, as that weekend is booked solid.
“: I don't even want to know how Whitney died.” I sure it wasn't from a granola's abuse :s
Jakes Burgers in Brookfield opens on Tuesday! I love the adventure of trying out a new place.
Excited to be a trance girl at EDC w/ and maybe !?
One of the best and most important African American networking sites for those in the technology field. Check out
St. Vincent, perfect in live strobe lighting.
Good morning No, but I helped with the tweetup they did a couple of weeks ago. Do you need to get in touch w/ them?
I'm digging the new series Anyone else?
the new Hollywood Undead album > thanks !
How Linsanity you ask? It's 49 to 36 and it's on live at our South Lake Union location....come down for a slice or some wings, beer and...
Restorative Beef Broth Recipe from Bon Appétit
ha, mike the cleaner was in this episode of ringer. as basically the same character.
take your own advice. Stop acting like you gaf
Don't Say a Word with Michael Douglas and Brittany Murphy was the #1 movie this day in 2001.
thats the nastiest movie ever !
Don't worry, you'll be hungry again in a couple of hours...
looking forward 2 seeing U at the Rush game. Any interest in playing sum intrumural flag football 2nite in Lincoln Park?
2 Miami? It was great!
oh ok we got time then momma! i was thinking it was going to be a weekend thing again! lol.
It shut down clean. I think Windows might have updated then restarted and i didn't get a warning...it's fine now
ok u 2
Gas prices have always been too high. One way on downtown to La Jolla is $2.25 verses $8.14 driving, according to
U Cant DISCREMINATE When It Comes 2 Head!!!! Pretty, Short, Fat, Ugly #IJS **And For The Record ==>LIGHT SKINNED WOMEN SUCK THE BEST D*CK*
lmao tht ment to be a smiley my bad/
she's working, duh
just realized I was inconsistent with my hyphens and dashes! Fixing now!
#Imagine Zayn: My turn to decide what we're going to do tonight! You: Okay. Tell me, then. Zayn: We're going to bed early. ;)
happiness isn't always what motivates people to improve their life or the lives of others.
I don't know who snores louder, my girlfriend or my cat...
After not meditating for a week? due to school (and probably when I needed it most), it was a struggle to get back to it. Feeling balanced.
Good morning everybody, enjoy your weekend:-)
Extremely frustrating.
Congratulations to Ryan Braun on the
USDOL Secy Hilda Solis describes universal reemployment system to aid 1M displaced workers, and, integrated American job ctr network
Nalcy Dalmin Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
works much better than the native ICS SMS app! AND Is it logical that Cell providers charge for texting!? Thieves!
In training for my new job with wd.
It was a general statement though. Don't be so insecure. Lol
Well enjoy O-town!!! :)
First ticket of 2012... "How the World Began" at Women's Project. Congrats ladies on another thought-provoking & fun production!
Not looking past Philly. Old School series. Early 1980s when I was a kid
you start gettin older you start to realize major shit become irrelevant arguin become boring and fightin become pointless
James Jeffrey West LIVE TONIGHT from 7:30-9:30pm (singer-songwriter/pop)
Eventful Saturday night
RT : As we enter our beta test, and evolve the givengine together we will need talented web/mobile coders, designers and IT...
lost One Battle ,, but #Cenation #NeveGiveUp .. Long way to gor with and other SuperStars
No matter how old you get your mother will always protect you
Any one want add exchange with Geosuper3 Contact no 03005776758.
Iggy story about thinking of his son while shooting those FTs is nice and all, but no way he relays that story if he misses one or both.
I want to know that , too!
Haha, yep! This was taken from the "Top of the World"! RT : is that the lighthouse at the bottom of the photo?...
WatchingFoxNews-I've lived in a country where the news is a state run propaganda machine... so why does Fox seem so much more propaganda-y?
What's going on people? How's your week going?
You have your beautiful face! c:
2 things--1 Encourage them to read for structure not just content; 2 structure writing assignments so they know what to include
Just remembered I had leftover Vietnamese in the fridge! Yay!!!
it was probably an accident :$
Dear next door, sHUT UP
Listening to Boyfriend and fucking spazzing out. I can't even. omg
exactly! He's not gonna be that innocent 12 year old anymore. Hes just growing up.
I'm ready to wash my car and get a hair cut <U+E00E>
Any recommendations for dinner in #SouthHampton, UK? There next week for Bourne Leisure shoot.
Orphans of the Storm animal rescue needing supplies. Collection @ Walmart, Gurnee,IL Sunday 5-9pm.To help visit orphansofthestorm.org
Musical Socialites right?
You cant play with my heart.Sooner or later ill fall apart.im hurting now thanks to your lies.now come the tears with the truth and goodbye.
Great week at Yoshis with Susana Baca, Edgardo Cambon and the great Omar Sosa de Cuba. Get your tickets early!
All the #Chucksters and #Gleeks out there better wish a happy mother's day!!! She's amazing at something besides writing, you know
Equality is God given.
THIS SPEAKS TO ME!!!
Dang Pacers have me screaming like their my favorite team! Lol. Im.anti-Miami.
this nigga Paul Gasol shot a three ?
I dropped off some #BizComm12 postcards in case you needed them. :) took care of me
Fact of the day: Most Koala bears sleep about 22 hours a day
How are you guys doing over there? Ready and/or anxious for the TeeParty event, that slowly approaches in a few months? :-)
Good ass sleeping schedule. I hate my life.
dont think to much
i love u <3
also coveted the status and monies that only an american artist can acheive. For example the
Pretty Little Liars was cray cray! I cannot wait until next weeks episode!
okay the movie started.. cya in a bit!
You know I miss your kiss. Hate to let you see me like this <U+2665>
The Facebook engagement on April 1
#ItGetsMeMadWhen there's like 5 people talking to me at once.
WAHHH!! Same here!! I'm going to do Bikram yoga today at noon. I figured makeup was a waste of my time today.
you ever order from Mac Connection?
thats payback for calling me a horny bitch. (;
i followed you back! & thankyou for the follow(:
As teary eyed as this makes me, I might have to part ways with the #bunfun. But, only for the summer.
and we love you too!
Got damn it's hot out here
Chernobyl diaries might be a str8 movie
which stop? B&O?
Those who cherish a beautiful vision, a lofty ideal in their hearts, will one day realize it. - James Allen
New week, new blessings!
I did, in fact! It's carefully guarded somewhere deep within the bowels of Widener Library.
Some people never even take calc. :)
We are going to overtime in #MISLChampionship tied at 10-10 and 15 minute OT to decide game 2
Three classes today!
yoyo GS or Cleveland tonight? Det or Houston? Milwaukee or Denver?
Our whole Album "That Just Happened" is officially available for download!! 16 tracks for 10$ or just grab your favs!!: fastcar.bandcamp.com
Don't bring me down....Gross...
I don't know it all, but I will tell you what I know, never let a girl cook N your kitchen, all up N yo fridge, & next will B the stove..
Why does my family have Facebook?
"If you the best, take the test" -Floyd Mayweather
Guys who smoke weed<<<
Happy Birthday to ! From your friends :)
ha! Yeah, if I like a super-long book, odds are it's space opera
Thanks for following! I've not been in to try your amazing burgers but have heard only good things! Must make it in soon!
Can you watch a vevo channel on mobile?
Lesser known #soccer team names & sponsors: THE BALD AND THE BEAUTIFUL. Sponsored by Hair club for men.
Lego's is the largest tire manufacturing company in the world!
That's clever, but hopefully ORCID can comprehensively address this issue, assuming it can reach an institutional tipping point.
My parents said they'd be home from Walmart with food in 10 minutes.. It's been 30. I'm starving!
Tonight, we are young. So let's set the world on fire, we'll burn brighter, then the sun. Toooooniiiight.
RT : Please join CCEdfund at our annual fundraiser in Greenwich,...
Im getting stupid loose this weekend it's my BDAY and u already know what it is!!!!
Just got my prize from the blog contest. T-shirt is awesome. Thanks again!
I agree!
Everybody watch Wave 3 today at Noon until 1pm
one spark will shock the world.
Haha! If it has to be anything else I'm glad it's pinterest
Latin rhythms on now! Get your dance on...
thanks for the RT, glad you agree.
is focused on feeding the food deserts of New York City.
at least we were never rejected!
Technology does not get adopted until it is transparent.
Will do. Thanks!
I sold all your clothes to pay for my gas home. Looks like youll have to be excited JUST for me :D
I just heard on the news kids are getting high on hand sanitizer. Moral is: kids will always find something new to get high on
So over tonight
are you going to geoff's thing tomorrow?
Tell me who rock who sell out in the stores, you tell me who flopped who copped the blue drop
Today......12 to 6 its family and friends day....bring your church bulletin and receive 10 percent off your purchase! Happy family day!
by avengers she means her vagina
20 Accessions, 6 new linear feet on the shelves. It is amazing what I have found while excavating coworkers offices.
#IRemember having a crush on ; lmfao.
Ours crapped out the day after we moved. #waterHeatersAreJerks But at least it's not awful-hot out. Open the windows?
I miss all my Twitter friends :(
Can't believe my baby's graduating from college tomorrow. I'm so proud of him! <3
I like #WHATSHOULDWECALLME but why do girls think it is the funniest thing of all time?!?
at the light house in Rincon to the left of it a beach called Deadman's good surf there most of the time :-)
uh oh
awesome sauce! You should shoot with you GF more!
sunglasses tan from my first #peaksisland reggae experience...
Whatta night. I love summer
Just presented at Maya Angelou Schools Graduation w Patti Austin Common Jeff Majors. Daniella Sealock host. National Theater.
S/O to my big bro for gettin invited to da #BETHipHopAwards as a new #Artist :)...
im stingy..lol
“: If someone you love hurts you; cry a river, build a bridge, and get over it. #ihatequotes”
BHO's campaign kickoff rally described "a concert of an aging rock star." A has-been. Bec. he can't run on his record!
Im thinkin YouTube Robot might make it like Goliath and fall down....
Can't Wait For The Reunion
Kidney stone: the one ailment where you can't sit down even if you feel horrible. Jogging while you're sick. Not fun.
Sunglasses Accessories - Rolex Projext X Stealth Watch Military- rolex watches sunglasses
5 nights a week, she's terrible.
And acted upon “: The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased. It can only be accepted.”
as in cwaahhhsonts?
Lemieux and Shero are going to have an interesting off-season. I'm thinking that their first move might come within 24 hours.
Celebrating my 500th Twitter follower by giving away a copy of Bad Boy. To enter giveaway, email me at
got so much done! school stuff done! practice guitar done! rearrange my room done! kiss the most amazing guy ever done! be gorgeous. always
Pull time in t-minus 18 minutes wake bitch ass up
Old Country Sausages today! Hungarian, Smoked Garlic, and ask me for Weisswurst! Garlic, Jalapeno Ketchup, Creamy Pepper Mustard!
Never met someone who loves me like you do
Well, my budget isn't unlimited.
bought it at Dicks nice try though
yayy thats so good u can transfer!! But im going to be lonely ):
Lord thank you for everything you give me!
looking forward to tonight
bands and entrepreneurs worldwide use social media to advance their growth/marketing and obviously they can carry themselves
Funny, I've often said the same of you.
Wow, good to know!
Driving around listening to music for a lack if better things to do!
RT : 5,000 #nonprofits in #Milwaukee area. That's a lot of board members who are needed.
I have two shows in the can ready to go sometime today/tomorrow. Sorry for the delays.
lol I'll let you off only because that made me laugh
Just for the record, Michael Jordan pushed off on the game winner in 'Space Jam'.
Sorry we weren't able to meet this weekend. It seems that we were on opposite sides of town. Come to Chicago!
..you welcome luv! hope you had a nice Moms Day...
Got everything done today. Time to catch some Z
Yes. no joke. RT : wait wait wait, granola bars in the sandwich?!
I wuv listening to Hannah by Freelance Whales. <3
About see the baddest wife, Thai fighter, cardio trainer in the world for lunch... Not following her? You need to! Now!
were WINNING
lol there isn't any good scary movies on there!
damn that ass is juicy!!!
are you sure ?
I think st kitts was the favorite! Brunei was beautiful, and Egypt was very impressive!
"The education that many children receive doesn’t prepare them for today’s workforce." Arne Duncan, U.S. secretary of education.
Everyone at #PRSSASDSU loved you! Thanks for all the great advice :)
Thank you for the kind words!
Just realized your New Orleans event is this weekend! I barely knew it was already October!
“: 8-12 months!?!! smfh” I hear ya same here
You are a little far across the pond...
Congrats to Stosur. Great sportsmanship Serena
Lol internet fights, cool kids
I can relate so much to bailey Flanigan, we share so much in common! It's like it was written for me! :)
I didn't realize how much I actually talked to you...
I think 2012 would be a great year for a career year for Gomez.
Don't forget our 2012 Most Endangered Sites Announcement Monday, 7th,10:00 a.m. Libby Hill Park, #rva, 2801 E. Franklin St.
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ya homie I see ya grind...keep doing ya thing.I'll meet ya at the top...if u get there first save me a seat
What'd I say? Am I good or what?
I'm down, has walking lecture lol
Gm my loves!
followed, follow back
Expect fed legal challenges as many local jurisdictions hv laws criminalizing recording Police actions
Shopping & lunch with my sister! #excited!
Best wishes on a speedy recovery. I am so sorry you were afflicted with this.
next year! lets meet up. hope all is well.
Um..... Munchies plus Walmart equals A LOT OF CALORIES
What are you going to do different to positively impact your day?
that's so exciting!! Pop! Pop!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Mother's Day!
Learn to value my presence when I was away hurts<U+2665>
Hey lookie here...It's FEEL GOOD FRIDAY!!!!
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals. - Buddha
My kids really enjoyed the caravan at Red Bank Elementary today . They were so excited.
S/O TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!!! XOXO
The question IS the answer.
i love you with all my heart <3 i wanna be together forever <3 i miss you so much im proud to call you mine<3
^ Ever notice that when God wants to talk about things He likes early early morning?Been up since 4:20 am :)
Thanks for the follow have you seen the site yet? We are changing the world $1 and 1 person at a time!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW
I hav easked to present a workshop on Twitter but no word of approval yet :-(
Always do it sober what you said you would only do drunk that way you keep your mouth shut.
I love it! It will be gorgeous and it's not something I've seen before. Great idea!
#careerbuilder supports abusive use of chimpanzees in advertising. Shame.
best time ever with adrienne and shelby (: had an awesome birthday:)
"Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right, or better." Monday Madness! Voodoo
absolutely beloved!
New songs are epic x 1 billion. Reminds me why I love jamming with these kids.
That's okay I understand :)
Go follow my new Twitter ; & tweet me a "<3" for a followback, please & thank you. c:
thought u was in love wit $$ til the first time we did the nasty
Driving a convertible w/your top Down and your windows Up is so #tacky! Stop it!
#phl we need a real coffee shop at 15th and Spring Garden, please.
Happy birthday. Can you drink legally now?
Tinker Martha Marcy Tailor May Soldier Spy Marlene.
Yes - love this triangle! RT : Favorite thing I learned yesterday: Cheap, Fast, Good... You can only pick 2...
I work Wednesday- Saturday haha. I'll DM you my number :)
This movie i'm watching with got intense!
and back at you, mike. nice to compare notes
You looked smokin' hot tonight! Have a good night out with
When I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half, till I snap
It cold on dis water
Thanks for the follow. KiCK looks like an exciting group!
I am presenting today at 4:45 if you are around.
I can't see the photo! What is it of?
Good morning Baltimore!!!
Dear thanks for sending my gear so quickly...it's been great on the Whistler slopes!
you're welcome. (: and if i lived in SA, i would flip knowing im breathing the same air as austin.
Hope you have a great Sunday! :) Love you all!
Not that i thought a bird was a big ass bug ..
I like to clean the house in high heels
Any one else missing #lungdart ?
Thomas, I feel like I barely saw you in Philadelphia. Bummer!
Now I'm wishing I could've been in both panels at same time. Was comment in ref to a project or con as whole?
Well, it's not like you drop f-bombs right and left. Lighten up people!
I'm Go and get my L's this weekend I be to damn lazy
#HowCanYouExpect you to be perfect when im not
thought so, thanks. Thanks also for both of your outstanding books!
Wow I was really surprised by the avengers! Didn't expect the movie to be that good. I already bought tickets to watch it again.
Last night in the boat for the girls! RT : Expedition HQ; 77nm left!
She's bitter about something. It's downright awkward on the show. Adam deals with it well though.
this is so overwhelmingly amazing. You're a hero (really hope you are not a supervillain)
What? haha.. I don't remember talking to you before?! But anyways, busy? Hahaa!
RT Ok.....one down, announced in jan. Now, let's get mr Zusi taken care of.
Dr. Scott, SSM Weight Loss Institute Medical Director will be sharing over the next few days five simple steps to eating more intelligently.
RT : I swear bugs fly near my head just to watch me slap myself.
See you at Skully's tonight!
All these people, "experts" and non that are hating on the #Seahawks are pretty funny. Y'all don't know dick.
I don't hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
FUCK YEAH CROSBY!
I agree with the Pats - but very close.
Why constantly love the wrong person, the right 1 is dying to be loved by you
If only they'd really go that high. Man, I hope so. Puts us back on the map for future FA's.
we went uptown last night? Lol. Whoa.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thingthat has brought progress
autumn leaves
Austin has #SWAG & Hes F L A W L E S S
Oh, if I had THAT cock cumming in my ass, it'd be a Happy New Year!
“: #idea10 : there's an entire field called environmental psychology to influence how people use physical space.”
Starring at the ceiling, in complete silence. Thinking.
LOL, yeah, that's true. There's little room for crooks to flee south in Bellevue ;-)
Ran 6mi OUTSIDE today!! Crazy awesome!!
REAL BEAT KILLERS!!!!!
Good night, sleep tight, I'll see you in the beautiful sunlight! ;) <3
I thought they could do it...
you probably cool as shit and just a lil mean
I can't wait either
I look at all of my friends having kids, I stop and wonder when I'll become a father....SIke!! I'll help you raise your kids.
ah. no way no way no way. hannah is so jelly.
Getting great feedback on the new song from the folks who have bought tickets to Thursday's show! Exciting.
Long Beach was a whirlwind of a show. happy to be back to reality and that much closer to releaseing some new shirt shops.
All of our work individually is not enough - we need a way to bring it together - Jack Dangermond
I can't believe my first re-tweet is stanky leg related.
a nurse
THANKS A TON! AT 103 FOLLOWERS& IT'S ONLY BEEN 4 DAYS <3 We follow back all #Mahomies #ACons #Simpsionizers #Belibers & other fan bases(:
Reading "The Cloud Upon the Sanctuary" by Karl von Eckartshausen. Printed in 1903.
That explains so many things...
“People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity no matter how impressive their other talents.” Andrew Carnegie
It's official! I've joined the rockstar branding agency to provide brand innovation,sales and LA client management! Super stoked!
o what sort of names do you like, I'm guessing they're for a girl right?
Good morning from NY
#libraryschool night class... digitizing slides presentations.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithLOL LOL did we get married
I just miss my brother.
The band Adrenaline has a big show tonight at T.J. Mulligans on Trinty in Cordova. Get a seat early and have dinner.
Happy mothers day
Wondering where her 1:00 meeting is.
#timhortons ? I'm so jealous!!
Basketball needs to come back into my life
Many of our library programs have finished for the summer! Cutter and Bella are taking their summer vacation. Homework Help is on break, too
RT : “Don't blame your failure on haters. If everyone thinks you suck, they're not haters, they're right.” - Daniel Tosh
RT :our branded mini-url service is better than bitly, googify or whatever else you got. www.gravitystream.com/mini so take THAT
i miss soo much i cannot wait to come home & she her & my beautiful niece !!
how do you know if you made the dean's list for this semester???
Teamwork divides the task and multiplies the success. ~Author Unknown
This games OVER she's just to big still diggin diggins tho
Top 10 Most Popular Urban Organic Gardener Posts of 2011
Big thanks to the hard working UComm team during Xavier's commencement. Congrats to , MA.
I'm very upset at the price of the map pack. Maybe if enough people complain they will drop the price??? start a petition for it
you're welcome sir! But just so you know, we miss ya more back in Milwaukee. Summerfest ain't the same without you cat man!
My pleasure. Thanks for sharing!
Tony Parker had an underrated year
In this world, I call the shots and I think I know best. ~ Mariah Carey
Coffee Coffee you are my new favorite friend.
played "love you like a love song" by 1012 times according to itunes! i love that song a lot if you havent notice lol
Cat=Catfish, Horse=Seahorse, Man=Manatee. Did I just blow your mind and explain to you the laws of biology??? Why yes...I fucking did.
Jen's Droid X Update: Love it!
Mahomies love you too! :)
live stream...oh my
add my name to those waiting.
that's the best one that i ran across...
hahaha I completely understand! I feel like I'm gonna die from a heat stroke! Lol
Just punched a bird that was flying at me in the face.
Wow Cech that was a helluva save
Start thinking about that SpearHawk design studio...
Howard Stern is a no talent bum this whole thing is a sham AGT is a freak show for Simon to make money
No one will ever be as good as she was, and knowing that fucking sucks.
lolololol. You're right! Honesty, that never occurred to me. Anywho, what you up to?
Great, thanks! What are your plans for the weekend?
I saw that hit. Old Metta reverting to his old self.
you know what?
Welcome back! We took a tweecation, too.
This is actually in Dallas, Oregon not Texas.
Oh my god. I love so much.
how do you follow that?
If you need to shred old books, do you give them to the gerbils?
Do mofos not watch Maury? They always fall for the decoy...smh
Hate his life style..but I #BeenInLove wit him b4 that...damn we came a long way, now helping him set priorities
Hi! this ? wasn't answered during the chat b/c of the incorrect #. Yes, it's bad. Be prepared with questions!
MLB has home plate ump called up from Triple A last night to call Giants/Cubs prime time game
"ac-KRON-uh-min-ized" or "ACK-ron-im-EYE-zed"?
Thanx for the fabulous time at the book party!
Music Group....
yeah you began to text me about then told me nothing about it at all. haha
just followed u....ugh
“: Houston keeps doing it big!” y'all forgot to mention Olajuwon.
Anyone have updated stats on the total number of blogs on the Internet? Can't seem to find a reliable source
The Corner Perk tonight in Bluffton, SC! Come hang!!!
Honestly during all this drama nothing has changed for me. I still love Austin an the crew the same, maybe even more.
A much needed nap
it was.. That's why I took the cancelation harshly. Not fair to the fans of the show <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Legend states that Puff the Magic Dragon has a second cousin named Crack Rock.
Wasn't Obamacare passed on Christmas Eve? Why won't Senate Dems pass a year-long solution and not a 2 month one? Politics? Obama?
Not feeling too good. HE came home from work. Made me Lunch (in bed). Fed the twins. Did the laundry. Working on dinner
Every blonde has an enemy and it's chlorine.
Why did I see a 4 yr girl wearing baby high heeled shoes?
If Provo's hurt, it's a big loss.
I LOVE THAT SHOW!
It's true! Downtown next week mayhaps?
Jimmie Johnson Engine just blew up!
I've been busy too... same thing with the house. I'd like my free time back, plz.
What cocktail do you enjoy to wash down your #tacotuesday ?
Going to Alexandria, Va. for horn prac. tonight! Fri.- The Otter House, Sat.- Heritage Festival and introducing the Mayor! Hope all is well!
Ad-Aware by Lavasoft - Antivirus software, free spyware removal ...
Pay attention to the home's surroundings. What is next door? Do 2-story homes tower over your single story?
#StalkerSarah is back in action
A car caught on fire just near the UG
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
then....red. That's what I'm wearing!
daddy craig are they gonna add more tour dates? cos BOSTON really Loves em !i pray they come, my fingers are crossed on dat(;
Time to get back on track...
RT : It's hot in AK?! Enjoy but be extra cautious with outdoor activities this wknd that may lead to unwanted wildfires...
Grrrr... has anyone used the beachtek XLR adapter with 48v? And the 5D? Trying it now... noisy...
Jus got back in
With what besty? RT I Need To Catch Up With
I wish I could be one of those lucky girls who follows, I love u with all my life jb!!
RT - We enemies if you a Dallas Cowboys, New England Patriots, or Duke Blue Devils fan.
Great weekend! Ready for work this week, need sleep!
That's what she said... RT o
’s family treatment model recognizes the role women play as mothers & addresses the impact of substance abuse on children.
So here I am standing with all the other people you left behind. You know, all the real friend you had.
same! lol :p im too lazy to do anything else rn anyways
Glad you like it, thank you :) What's that URL for?
I'm not smart enough for stuff like that.
Holy gorgeous day!
Everyone's house smells weird and different, except yours.
its cool, i know somebody who like it haha
Hope everyone had a great weekend! :)
Omg this movies so scary
Happy Derby Day, Listen To The Weekend Sports Buzz on 1450 AM 9-11am
Expect protest marches every day this week throughout the city, especially in or around downtown
Perry: The next Aaron Rogers.
That person was wrong. The definition is dated, the title is badasss. :)
did u ever accomplish tht? x__O
Libros Schmibros' new address: 1711 East 1st St, right at the Mariachi Plaza Gold Line station. We'll see you today at noon!
"When I die bury me upside-down so the Redcoats can kiss my ass." - Thomas Jefferson July 9th, 1820
#ThatOnePerson Who Makes Your Day Better:)
Just had drinks at Elysee Hotel..love the Monkey Bar! And a fabulous dinner at Cellini
Followed follow me back Hun?
BIG GIRLS N SANDALS.
Killola & Our Records Proudly Present, a preview of the forthcoming MARIA SWEET CD: Enjoy, 'Plain Night' www.soundcloud.com/maria-sweet
I think Fullsuit is one of the best beers we make and this year's batch is excellent.
There is no need for Batman because of Jerry Kramer.
I took an inside break...but kept busy. Time to go plant snap peas!
is anybody gonna go see in this moment tomorrow?
It's to nice out to be at work.
Watched my first episode of Dr. Who today.
OMG at warped!!! The line up just keeps getting better & better,can't wait for summer!!
how long you here for, you gonna hit up Country Kitchen while you here!
What do you think Baltimore needs to do to create better-paying jobs for next gen of citizens? 410-662-8780 live talk at noon
Workers express anger, gloom, elation on May Day - WQOW TV News 18
“You can’t do it all yourself. Don’t be afraid to rely on others to help you accomplish your goals.”
GM! Just wanted to send you some love and say thank you.
true talk
Go and move to miami. B HAPPY for him. I know i dont want him to move eaither. But we have to think about austin not ourselves. We love him.
me and my best friend mrissa love you :D hehehe
"What do u do to help us win when ur not scoring?"-Calipari 2 his team 1 month ago...love the message!
NOT YOU ": see how much we all care? You miss practice and we have a breakdown" Thx alot big guy
Wonder if A-Rod would love on himself in the mirror wearing that dirty uniform?
A 3000+ word day? Why thanks but I just had one! Word! #amwriting Now - eyestrain. C'est la vie
Wants to start drawing again ;)
FOLLOW BRIAN COLEMAN JUST MADE A TWITTER!
I guess this is karma for all the times in HS I rubbed my eyes and got sent home claiming "allergy related conjunctivitis"
yes they are!!
thanks so much! Most appreciated.
just trying to keep up...
voted by butt off for
Judge don't Obama down Congress when he had Veto pin an acts like they stoped the debt He's the Pres. may loose the House
Watching the DVR of sing her heart out. Im not even a country fan but damn girl can sing!
Casey Green: "We have a failure to communicate" re campus President's assessment of effectiveness of IT investment
you know my porch is always open to you bud
smoking on this shit same color as a mountain dew can
Watching the movie #scratch while I paint. Forgot how hilarious Cut Chemist is. "Don't touch the record, you're gonna ruin it!"
Out of all the exceptional American leaders and businessman, these idiots running for president are my only choices?!? AmericasFucked!!
I'm cool on you bro
mine too! After 3 days out all day had kids telling me about the sub, but they can't tell me where their assignments went??
Thanks for the RT!
Watching the live feed... Is this a healthy pastime?
hi i have a question. how do i book because i would love to have them at a fundraiser. how much would it cost?
These refs be on the heat dick hard wade and Lebron both some floppin ass niggas damn shame
HAPPY FRIDAY lets raise a glass to the weekend, CHEERS!
#NowPlaying Fabolous When the money goes
said "you think I care what strangers think? Look at this!"
I like this kinda productive shit! :D
yeahh next week sounds better!
Good morning fans! Today we will crown the new U.S. Women's Open Champion! See you here for play at 8am!
One day popup menswear/vintage/dry goods market. All quality, all designed to last. Mostly made in USA.
Lagond Music is a "haven" for children in need. Please donate.
Ever since this began, I was blessed with a curse.
Nice guitar Eddie! I want one of those! Looking forward to seeing you play in April!
During the #ScharCares twitter party, please use the hashtag when responding. I can't wait to tweet with y'all in 30 more min!
Fuck this wind
Go buy merch! Follow link! www.districtlines.com/theafterparty do it now!
If a guy really loves you: he'll always text you, give you attention, never be mean, always try to be with you, and lots more.
I admit it: I like the hot towel.
you suck
“: Staying up all night will cause your body to burn an extra 161 calories.”
Get off my fucking TL. Lmafao!!! “ How do you place a midget "under arrest?"”
damn xbox live fails again. what a shocker!!!
My daddy get sad everytime mother day ums around because his mother isnt here :(. I love him mucho tho. Bout to go give him a hug
Still in or near mojave?
lol, thats whts up.... But when u realize there a waste thats when you should be on to the next
Neurobehavior talk on wisdom today. Bottom line: we don't seem to have a consistent definition of what it is
I better be able to see my reflection when I look at it. Lol
we're glad that you love the story!
I hate when i'm so tired it hurts to keep my eyes open but at the same time I can't fall asleep
full time:)
Costa Concorida cruise survivor sues for $1.2 million over miscarriage
MW3 you shall be the death of me with perks. Really. </3
The best thing about being able to ffwd through Glee is never listening to another Rachel Solo.
ewwww burnt pop corn
OH: I like to go to the gym, do my thing and not make eye contact. Kinda like sex.
Hi! What are they thinking?
Set your sights high! Help end domestic violence and sexual assault by telling Congress to
and yes, a hottie to boot
yeah I def want to check that out! I saw a list by today - the sausage one in Wrigley sounds hilarious!
We say, "Not until I eat breakfast!"
You can buy tickets at the door as well!
SURVEY TIME: How long have you been in the work force and how many employers have you had during that time frame?
I'm so excited for you :) I have 6 wks till due date.
An excellent Vw car dealership within Phoenix arizona allow you to ...
That was fun! Thanks, all. #DocMartin ^LG
I'm a seat filler and I will be attending the
Any sign of any dude acting like he's entitled to something from me is an automatic dismissal. Im a very giving person, but I dont play that
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
Me: "what kind of pizza is that?" Austin, TX: "pulled pork, black bean, sweet potato+red onion!" Me: "oh. Of course."
That's really kind of you. We know how important it was to the person whose lunch wasn't right.
NM Dept. of Health confirms 9 Listeria cases, 3 ppl have died. Could be linked to cantaloupe.
by young and old people
they miss the flight to Nashville.
4 questions to ask for transformation #2 What should we do for him?
Dire warning from condo assn that owners respond with info or lose everything in their storage bins. Please? God that would be helpful.
how do you know "help the University" does not include helping the victims and their families? Not a JoePa apologist or fan
yes. A ten year old Toyota.
Happy Birthday Girl..:)) Love Yah..xoxo
Would you like to attend our event, by any chance?
I'm just sayin, not attacking you are the south.
Living young&wild&free
Yes, party hint: Like minded moms here follow on Twitter. keep window open and find each other later!
I'm getting a twitter tutorial from & what app do u guys use? HELP! where r YOU when I need u!
Change is constant. How we experience change, that's up to us.
RT : Sanjiv Ahuja (CEO Lightsquared @ CQ Roll Call) By 2014, voice calls will only represent 2% of all mobile wireless traffic
Truck maintenance today. (If my job was easy, it wouldn't be any fun.)
FIRST OF ALL THIS DUDE IS SO INSPIRATIONAL SECOND YOU GUYS ARE SO PRETTY…and there goes my+
sending good vibes xox
Open design contest coming up. We want great designers to submit some work for a chance to win cash and goods. Keep an eye out for more info
absolutely that would be awesome
#Faggotest RT : Nigga legit had wolf Kobe 7s on one foot and Shark Kobe 7s on the other. If that aint the most faggotest shit
You guys deserved it!! Remember good things come to those who deserve it :)
Very cool and interesting piece!! And, thanks for the shout-out! Good work and much appreciated.
I'm not a revenge person or whathaveyou, but last night was one of those times where you see a jerk ex and know you're doing better.
APPETIZER STEAMED MUSSELS cherry tomatoes, lemon, rosemary-dijon créme
Arthur Miller was our kind of guy. "I realized that selling was the greatest career a man could want."
RTB bout to be dope is goona slap in those speakers
Tax and benefit changes announced by Chancellor George Osborne over the past 18 months are set to ..
Join our Facebook group and see pictures from past events. Search: Long Island Autism Fair.
Welcome to joining us to speak at Corps member graduation. This is
LOL! I'm trying to be good!!
who would get that?
RT ArtOutside is this weekend- are you going? We are and we would love to see you there!
Well spring break 2012 was GREAT...now back to business...on the road in the pm After Church<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
my eyes water, knowing just how much you care...just how much you love me. knowing i AM accepted by somebody. knowing...i'll never be alone
yes i did love you all :*!
Side by Side with the Devil on a Harley Davidson
May do some interval training in Runyon- gotta get in stellar shape before I attempt your bootcamp!
Our office is next to a state park with a lot of Black Bears. We wanted a name that was brandable
All final scores also.
Thanks for the RT
My bro!!! Seriously feel like you all are family now.
Follow my homie and roommate !! She does all the booking for The She is one of the hardest working girls I know!
Excellent blog sir. I know I culd benefit from it!
THX rock solid!
bro how was the concert?
Derwin and Melanie :(
#djangocon lots and lots of GF beers @ New Seasons Market & whole foods
Right now, Jesse Eisenberg is silently wishing that Mark Zuckerberg had a stammer. Or at least a limp.
a friendly heads up - it's OK State or Oklahoma State. "Okie" is considered a derogatory slur. Pass along to your editors
hell no! Gosh, I would've dumped his cheating ass immediately!!
#libday8 I'm back from the CMMI grant "debriefing" meeting I had with & a few others. I hope we get the grant!
Grrr decisions. I can go for anything right now
create it yourself! it's so much more satisfying (and cheaper) than buying it.
I hope you had a great trip back home! Thanks again. Now ready for
We're open until 11pm tonight! Come jump!
It's a steal!
are u going to take another class?
gosh darnit. go on fbbb! i have to tell you somethinnggg:D
You're doing all of the right things so you better hold on and enjoy the ride! Xoxo
Are you in the city?! What are you up to?
Gelato Flavor of the week- green tea! A creamy caffeinated fix that’s smooth and creamy
I HATE inconsistent/confusing policies. Biggest professional pet peeve ever.
Kids are respected in online gaming communities - whether you're 6 or 66 skills are skills.
Ultra lazy day. Time to get up, go workout #SummerBody flow....dinner to talk future & $$$....then Thursday boys nights....
He's from the south of France...Australia.
Fortenberry: Looks to the day when ALL students take something of an engineering literacy course.
Just listened to Turn To You and completely broke down.....
Howard's Business Hit: Susan Kaui Koehler (HawaiiNewsNow) - Howard has a Waikiki tourism update! He talks to Susan Kaui Koehler, the Sale
going down the highway windows cranked jamming to wagon wheel
amazing black Russian khalua. Let us know when you're ready for a vid. Back soon!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you realize your whole conversation with someone was completely public to everyone on twitter....
clearly doesnt realize how crazy he drives me and that he will be my future husband:D
make me think about what I'd want my kid to do
kelsey is such an inspiration to me :3 and so were those guys that went up to the podium.
Good thing he didn't write his stuff, then. ;)
Want to learn how to balance #SMM with business demands (Corp Comm, Legal, Commerce, etc)? Then vote for our #sxsw panel!! dach.is/nM2iya
Not sure but I just bought my tickets - you never know!
Hey everyone! Don't forget to tell your friends about the band! And follow them while youre at it!: !
of Appendix to Elizabeth Kubler-Ross' " On Death and Dying." Will share daily. i am 62 years old, and have lived a full life. i don't fear
oh yeah! hahaha. Follow me, I love u so much
Get your presale tickets for AWESTRUCK w/ THE LIGHTER EXCHANGE @ THE SOCIAL today! Call 407 456 3540
it's because you're the chosen one. We've been through this before.
put up hundos today... 125s by the end of the semester, easy
I don't #Hate you.. I just lost #Respect for you!
The celery is never of any use.
all cus mr.copeland gets joy into going into a girls locker room doesnt make him a pedo
we will always strive for excellence
I'm still looking for a safe place to stay temporarily when I return to NY/NJ. I can't afford a hotel.
happy birthday to miss !!
Our mini bad beat hit 4 times yesterday !! $500 paid out when a full house loses !! See room for full details
#Karaoke What snow? We've Snow-E-Okie!! Come and warm up!
In Bible Class!
My APES book uses massive airplane crashes with "no survivors" to illustrate equivalent #s of people dying from issues. Feelin
Plans for lunch? Come on over to Acme Hotdogs for our Tuesday $4.25 All American Combo Special! Cleveland Av, so of 161
Ready for gym tonight. Need to release some stress.
nah I'm good.
Benin accedes to the CISG and the Limitation Convention (enters into force Aug. 1 and Feb. 1, 2012 respectively). See UNCITRAL website.
Me: You have to get out with me to feed the horse. (Dark out) Lovebug: I'll throw upp!.
Some of these names are hilarious!
dm me sexy!(;
Used to anticipate checkin the mail when I knew there would be a check in the mail.
I'm coming. July 2nd - Chris said I could crash there for the night.:) so yes, there WILL be drinking.
wow, didn't know of annotator. anyone you know you can intro?
Ideally, we can teach how to argue respectfully to help our students deal with disagreements in the future.
Check out this alternative stunna - Shawna E HOT!!!
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface for me. So that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me
So glad Bucks won first home game of the season. Hope they keep it up!
come out to our 80's event @ Gold inside Aria #savethedate August 19th :)
Let them find the real you buried deep within...
Just finished up wardrobe w/ #statelinefilms. Looking forward to the shoot tomorrow!
Hope you have some fun planned for this weekend
lmao , i can tell (: hes really really talented !!
Nice! I love Jovante...
Hear, hear! RT : Thank you to my fellow #infocamp organizers for letting me part of your #infoherd. Passion is powerful.
It ok for a black girl to date a white guy but not ok for black guy to date a white girl ???
build a new fire station. Donate a lot to cancer ass. For my mother that passed away
True. What's worse is those that need it most will end up paying for this thru higher taxes & cuts to services like Medicaid
Possibly the Boeing 314 or a Super Connie.
I believe beard could have single handedly won that competition.
add a splash of Kikomann soy on your hard belly and tweet a pic! Xo
details comin soon girl!
Gameday for my Hoosiers. Basketball season is officially here!
Yo I find myself headed NJT to catch BOSvNJN w/ et al. "Prud" is gonna be rollicking, haha. Psyched to see Ray Allen.
You can't judge me. Just like I can't judge you. but, God will judge us both...Let's do right!
Come on, Seattle was part of the challenge! Don't we deserve to see them once?
Don't want to be that feed! RT : Some #twitter feeds overwhelm me; I stop reading their tweets then I #unfollow. It's like SPAM!
Happy Saturday! Are you ready for the #Superbowl? Come in today before the big game and get $5 off an oil change!
Leaving for #Arizona a week from today...finally I will get to see the sun again Mia loving Arizona...
any but Gooden
So much <33 you love me (:
In a way! They were training at LSP, I couldn't believe it. I hadn't seen Mitre ANYTHING for at least 14 years.
I did!
Can't wait for the day that 'Madoff' becomes an official verb in the English Dictionary. I just used it.
3rd movie equals nap time! U basically slept all day!! Lol
LMAO. The car is beyond clean - inside and outside. I just took it to the car wash.
hi n still not sleep
my voice (lies) jermisha voice (gettch some) my voice( u is a low 9 bitch)
Religous Studies is also a dope track to do...History too....
genius. Seriously genius.
Thank you so much! Likewise :))
What is it w/ male hockey players & long hair? I've mistaken way too many for women from behind at this tourney...
It's some things I don't have in my life that really desire..
Making a frozen brownie sundae for dessert tomorrow night - hubby & I are having people over :-) Never made it before but it sounds amazing!
hahahaha you're welcome!<U+E056>
Doing promos. And sommersaults.
A bird lookin azz nigga( he has a long nose)
They look dull and lifeless. I'm starting to get a little concerned....but there's plenty of time to turn things around.
I know we never had a good conversation, but i can tell yourr amazing and funny. Don't put yourself down. your perfect.
What goes around comes around, boys!
Follow Back so I can hit your inbox on something real quick it's a link.
Oh girl, I had NO IDEA. But so glad it's over. MILLER TIME!
: Is the a 50/50 possibility that there might be someone else that could have fathered your chld
Reflecting on the fact that I won't be teaching my class next year. Super sadface.
Me too, but was guilted into it by needing to eat 4 cups of veggies a day by Wegmans Eat well live well campaign.
"Just because we can't find a solution it doesn't mean that there isn't one." -Andrew Wiles
not just "duty-driven; LOTS of self-defense motive there too!
Favorite Chilorio's salsa: We want to know!
fuck this shit im moving to north carolina
NO PROBLEM stay connected
So today I realized how beautiful the harps sound is
Got to see president Obama today!!! Crazy!!!!
I'm on high ... I got that Cali swag goin ...
Mustache update: Carl Pavano #Twins P said his is gone. coming up @ 1pm. with & Kevin Kennedy
: My prayers are w/ ur lil bro and your family. Stay strong V.D...God bless!!!
Me, too! It was so charming! So happy that Midnight in Paris won best original screenplay!!
Very nice.
I of course think red wine was invented so moms don't kill their kids
damn man....u always making me hungry with your tweets
370 followers? Really? lol. why? In surprised even 2 people follow me..
Hope you're feeling better. I'd love to bump into you tonight at the Field.
Don't let them get you down, Ax! You're the man, you got this! Go Crew!
A woman just yelled out her car window that she loves my shoes. The #Platswoon in smoke crystal. cc
glad you're up and at 'em Gilbert!
needs to start agreeing with mee..
Few more days in NY. Back to Seattle Wednesday. Had great time meeting families willing to do whatever it takes help their kids! (NY in May)
Just landed in Chicago... #Raaa longtime before game time. Light rain but that won't stop us.
if the packers are playing next week!
I really wanna go see hawthorne heights and cry and scream and fangirl and jump around and be 14 again who's with me?
I recommend it!
New Facebook Terms Allow Confiscating Furniture
How about some vegan dog treats for your birthday!!? Happy Birthday Ellen! From, Max & Ruffy's
Who did the design for your World Trip blog? Beautiful job, love it!
plz show this 17 year old with no life some luv> < he might kill himself if you don't! He 1 of ur biggest slaves :)
what did he fail for?
Luv this! RT : Great video! Kris is amazing! RT : Demo w ! « CBS Baltimore...
I'm selling. Not buying.
Not yet. Mid-summer, although this year it might be a little bit early.
Yes made me choke on my kool-aid thanks :D haha
SB for Angle.
I'm about to do a lot of #tbt of me and
would be honored to help in any way we can!
We're cursed. It's over! I'm not sleeping tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
Just met & talked with ... she's nicer & more beautiful in person!!
Polling for information: What would it take for you to acquire a pet?
thank you! I say fake the seizure :)
I like that no one ever drops out or quits anymore. They only "suspend their campaign"
Sometimes u r not ur customer. Write content for them. Not u.
Taylor Swift is opposed to a suggested joint "make-up" performance with Kanye West. Ha!
So happy Mike Bibby plays for the Knicks this playoffs. Enjoy him, Knicks fans!
not if you're on a stationary one- -
Just sent in a proposal for another special topics class on serial murder for Spring 2012. Looking forward to teaching it again!
so doesn't too little oil
I can't stand rain,let it snow instead.
It's by Saul Williams, poet/artist. Awake to hear the first birds chirping. Happy Monday to you.
u got some nice grooves! u got any new beats noone used yet?
it is 12:48 in dallas what time it there or were ever your at lol
I remember when I was in love with 's older brother. Lol!
Nice first second, Puppo
all is good here, it didn't hit us thank God.
great to meet you last night is doing some amazing things.
I know it should be you but it's Mary Janes Last Dance I'll play som next for sure
I was familiar with the word beforehand. This should come as no surprise.
Currently reading Last Night I Sang To the Monster. Slow start. Had me worried. Found the rhythm and I'm really liking this author. New 2 me
Homeless man found stabbed to death in Anaheim,possible suspect detained- Police investigating if it's the serial killer of the homeless
It's time to play #FAMILYFEUD with my main
Apartment shopping? Check out Thomas Place, they are great lofts right on University Ave! Only some units left so call 612-703-RENT
You know that button called "Follow" Yeah? Click it and I will give you a shoutout and a follow back!
Great news for GMT International Inc this morning. We have built a successful business model and projection faster than most startups.
Boy:tell me a secret tht u have never told any1Girl:u dont want to knowBoy:if u tell me urs ill tell u mineGirl:I<3uThe boy said thts mine2
I use the app flux like pomodoro: I turn it off when I'm designing. When my screen changes color after an hour I know it's time for a break
It dint be shit to do nomore this year already boring lmao
Almost responded to a comment on FB about the shootings in CA today, but decided not to when I saw it was by someone named "Boogie-Mama."
Its a shame how a person that so called loves uu , can try to makee uu feel so low about yourself !
"Home Sweet Home" would be something dreadfully whimsical to write in frosting on a Gingerbread House.
Alan Thicke has a black wife?
Don't be shy about your talent! WORD!
turns on #onceagaintwitterlessemily with her chapstick
I'm back ...& ready to sew
Girls think bout sexy just as much as guys do...if not more..they just afraid to admit it
Rahm: W/o cuts to pensions, class size will rise to 55. GA has done a lot for edu reform in Chi to match full potential of Chi students.
Good suggestion, read the #obits. i have list of top 5 regrets of the dying taped to computer.
One of the most stressful times of your life is when you are going through a divorce. Exercise is key to help minimize the stress.
happy birthday (: have a good one.
MSU vs. 'Bama bowl game had to be one of the worst games I've spent money to attend.
Jason Aldeans new song.. Fly Over States..
Always make a cut on a slant, as it exposes more stem surface area. To keep fresh longer plunge into water immediately after being cut.
been meaning to ask...have you read The Greyfriar by griffith? So good!
RT Was just on website looking at ugly christmas sweaters for like an hour, SO amazing. I want them all!
Feelin the new track man
typically I follow all those that follow me to include spamers and sometimes bots. I'm a twitter whore....
Ppl dying of #Hunger while others spend $100+ #Million for paintings at #Sothebys. Truly, we are a broken people.
End of labor day weekend and back in Chicago
Does your mom know you're a whore? Hm.
Drinkin Ol Grandad you got a problem. Woodford? You got a solution. RT : Woodford Reserve. I clearly don't have problem
awww:( that's so rude! Haha they should know not to mess with Directioners!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Yeah I'll play purple rain... but not till I have to take a shit!
So bored
1st ever Holiday Flash Mob fundraiser set to go off this evening
We would love to help. We just sent an email :)
yeah, Ill finally feel safe eating an apple. You'll know what to do if I swallow a seed
1000 ways to die? :p
"The clerics of age invented the binary counting system to remind them always that light and dark are present in the world."
cell phone super hot & is crumbling in my hand. concern my super power is going to be not knowing how to moderate the volume of my voice.
Intermission at 's "I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change" at the Studio Theatre in #Carmel. Lotsa laughs!
Tony Lucca, i love you.
Happy Birthday Josie^-^
Just another day at the office tomorrow
Much delayed but finally at the Arab Spring Comference at Duke
I'm so lucky to have the best girlfriend ever, I knew right when we shacked and you swiped me that it was meant to be.
Not crazy expensive. OPI is $10 a pop. 3 colors plus a bag plus the profit going to Obama. Okay deal.
yeah it is, I was so excited when i saw her, it was like a year & a half 2 years ago
trying to
Is it bad that I'm starting to know 's choreography from his "somebody to love" video?
never seen anything like it. I'm done
couldn't agree more life is a beautiful thing and pregnancy isn't "dumb"
Joey moved to Florida didn't say bye to anyone, but left me a note and itunes gift card.
Goal! Now I'll bet the floodgates open for the Reds.
You betcha! I enjoy your wisdom.
Clegg: govt will seek to overturn Lords defeat on elected police commissioners in the Commons
Six days until pitchers & catchers report. <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
wanna follow a fantastic mahomie follow now>>> <U+2665>
I really really Hope that , , and can shut all these haters and critics up and these Indiana players
Working on a feature about my favorite venue, Turner Hall. Can't wait to see how it turns out!
Lazy Sundays are good for my budget, if I don't get out of bed then I won't spend any money
poor umpire How's Zimm liking the game
#lifelesson #pastor For every one person who lets you down there are 100 who don't!
Finally sitting down to watch the first four eps of Alcatraz. Thanks, DVR, you're a lifesaver... if tv shows were remotely life threatening.
So much for getting outta bed early today.
could it be possible that #TheCharlieDay is the lead singer of #fosterthepeople ?
Nope, that's a good one too, it just comes after: Hard Times '75 Big Easy '87 and Johnny Handsome '89
Yeah But Idkk The Status Of That Right Now
It's too hot in my house to be dancing lol *Rehearsing* for the Music Video tomorrow :)
undeniably... three hundred and thirteen percent... laced the fuck up...
Heart and soul poured out onto a piece of paper...
that happend at PHS when i was a freshman
I appreciate the follow, Ben! Thanks!
im just scared
uh huh no wonder you weren't at church today boss! Lol Jk Bossman! Service was awesome as usual!! God Bless!
a pullback? yes! 10-15%? possible but not likely given macro & technical precedent.
Achievement is taking the invisible and making it visible. -Tony Robbins
Buy some. I once refused to pay $35 to get some at a festival after I lost mine & the results were painful.
NYC > LA always.
lol at Sauce Lab! New recipe??
thank you all my training partners and Coach Ryan Mann
Listening to Mulatu on this rainy day in the big apple.
Come and join us today at Sergio Silva's #JiuJitsu By The Bay in Alameda Ca. The #Poke is ready to be served! The #Thaitea is fresh brewed!
I dare you to click my follow button! 143
Check my account..
love it!~
- that was TOUGH to watch. re: Jr's mom talking
hopefully we are coming to your city soon, follow us!
this fucking kid behind you was reading your messages..
I wish all my friends happy holidays - regardless of which they celebrate. So my tweet of 'happy holidays' stands.
I am back in contact after a week of liminality. I look on NPR anxiously & nothing has changed. Come on America, give me something exciting!
Happy April! I was just hoping our baby would hold on til its due date month. He/she did. YAY! Now my bunny take-home outfit makes sense! :)
Wow this is amazing!!! It's finally here!!! I'm so proud of you rockstar. Congratulations!!!!! :)
Well seems like he spends his time writing about working instead of working. Good work takes as long as it takes.
Now that is sweet...maybe you will "get 2" back, Dad's day is coming:) heehee J/K ...,that really is very sweet!
Be careful what you wish for, lest I actually start favoriting all your tweets and spamming your inbox with notifications.
Think i should do a Valdez look with my beard.
stop farting
little do you know, dogs can die if they get chocolate into their system! So...ha..ha...haha... :) *penis flip*
New Shakespeare Quarterly issue should be live on tomorrow.
so proud to announce as an officail WCG Sponsor!!
Oh Target you loathsome devil ypu
A very good way to get the weekend started.
tom, sorry to hear about the bug. hope you feel better soon and still enjoy St Simon's!
We are starting the day with 3,996 followers. Who is going to be # 4,000?
you are so cool! I know where you dropped it and cannot WAIT to get it. I'm in NYC now but I'll be in Denver Thurs. :)
You think they will sit him down for the rest of the game or keep pouring it on?
Scorzies will be available starting this weekend at the Cornhole Factory in Summit, Mentor and Boardman malls in Ohio!
14 more papers until I get to see the Avengers...
Evidently both Twain & Confucius both wrote "I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." No matter, it is timeless.
I feel the same way with some of them.
Pilates is like fine print in that it's subversive and evil and you don't know this until it's. too. late.
great! I would be happy to email you over some information on Fleapay if you are in need of different systems in the future!
Thanks for including us in your #FF!!! Have a great weekend!
Long drive home to Charlotte. Some R&R is much needed!!
i wanted to know, so i would have a reason to move on, not to make something more strong.
Who's hungry? We're rolling tonight :D
Hope all you #chevygirls enjoy a great weekend!!
Get appy! The DealChicken app is here. Download now.
Might delete my Twitter soon... I will post an e-mail for all my friends. Not sure yet.. Still all fucked-up...
I never realized how tall Reno has gotten. We're standing in grandmas bathroom looking in the mirror and he's way over a foot taller than me
We're not suppose to settle for mediocre feats but Hunger and thirst for righteousness!!
HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO GET TO THE BAHAMAS?
big thank you to all the men and women of the 47th Ward Streets and Sanitation yard!
hahaha you didn't know that?!
Chickie and Pete's tomorrow! Then the #phillies game.
All our holiday merchandise is currently 20% off!
Someone asked why I was so happy today.... It was a teacher so I had to lie lol
Love myself some American Chopper. Discovery Channel always comes through
And posers on facebook using it too. they really ripped tumblr's copyright. *sigh*
chillin at my crib in my room, dumpin #KiD CUDi no class till tuesday,just work work work
Okey time to go bye
thanks for the RT. Hoping to get it running to demo to my boss' since they can no longer afford ArcServer.
“: Flacco is eventually going to find one of these receivers who are 20 yards behind the Patriots defense.”
our song! "Rectify! your need to be alive Satisfy!! my hunger inside parasite!on my minds eye who am I they say who am I???" -I am What I am
I'm obsessed with LEMURS. That scenario is amazing.
Dual Off!
Well we were driving to another piece of my cousins property and big boy here decided he wanted to be a Free Range calf.
Nice work #Rockies! 4-game sweep of NYM!
I see that you liked one of my tweets. Please try not to throw it away
Whats good! see you rockin your #MOMO ! Keepin it #radiationfree Looking forward to the album release!
Can somebody help me get and to follow me
HA! Total sarcasm from my tweets yesterday.
A beautiful afternoon, outside with a veggie sandwich, a glass of wine, & all while reading... #stephenking. My version of an awesome day.
thanks for following Matt. Wish you all the best at the show. Anything we can do for you let us know.
im getting a prius or smart car! its a recession and i nee to be able to afford a booth and bottle yup thats how i floss!.
hi pothole cousin why r u so mean sometimes
"Maybe if the Spanish hadn't wiped them out, the Mayans would have been able to finish their damn calendar."
I like this one. Great work!
yeah, it did. I blame the jameson that night
Made delicious turkey beef burgers and sauteed green beans. I hope agreed:-)
yup! ask why. RT Question what's going on and observe how others are using new medias
Another great day ;) damn I'm so happy and sleepy
I really have no idea on who steps in for Roger, hard to fill.
But it still seems a temporary fix. Fixing govt, while difficult, isn't unattainable. Better representation to start. Start local.
I had a great time thanks
just for the softball game Wednesday night
Hey cousin
We have a new server ready - vpn-la1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles, CA.It's available in your customer area now.
I absolutely adore you and will do so forever!!
We have a friend whose husband is beating her what should we do? Madea before or after his funeral!?
i want a twitter best friend.
Where can I register for an event?
I love how my Daddy & my brother go around the house singing random Eminem songs all the time. I've taught em' right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I bet it would have been better with me and JT
Wow it sucks being tested and put through the ringer. I keep wondering when the end is coming...
Small private universities are struggling financially, as well.
Help save the #invisiblechildren by making #kony famous-- and infamous, as he deserves. Spread the word!
You are very welcome!!
i weighed it and the eye-stabbing analysis of tebow that sportscenter covers if broncos win, I'm going steelers
Lmaoo this 15 year old trying hard to bag. I feel flattered.
. I don't know about you, but I keep Facebook and LinkedIn separate - personal and private respectively.
Thanks for words of inspiration!
Boys and girls, Twitter&FB aren't your personal diaries. Stop complaining about someone and tell them yourself.
Get ready for our WIN A DETECTIGO GPS EVENT!!
Wednesday afternoons make me very anxious for some reason.
followed! follow back? :)
Come back next year and win this thing!!! You'll set every single record and the money will be there waiting!!!!
I'm getting it after work today!!! Yay!
Amazing night. <3
Scott County prevails, 16-14 to advance to the championship game next week in Bowling Green.
Look out for more details on the upcoming MTTS 2010 season! The first two lectures will be held on Sept. 4th and 25th before the games.
RT : We're all calling it "Rebecca Black Friday" now right?
I wouldn't drink that coffee with love in it. #love=knucklechildren
Raleigh, NC. Miss you, Clarence. RT : where are you playing jungleland?
I am now on twitter !
RT : Co-Chair, J Pepper, introduced & Jimmie Briggs, founder of
Pink eye still<U+E40E>
The screen is completely blank during the first look stuff, now they better fix that by the time #TheDarkKnightRises trailer starts!
thank you. you have to check it out someday. its sick
I did transfer, testimonial, and I'm finishing up on bandwagon.
OMG its so damn hot
Set 'em straight, Kenny!
Education is not the filling of a pail but the lighting of a fire. - William Butler Yeats
We appreciate many different types of art!
Louisville to the Elite 8!!!!!!!!!
haha!! I'm very excited to say the least.
that's sad
Are you not used to this chilly San Diego weather? A soft, stylish scarf from Cariloha is just what you need!
I have always supported measures and principles and not men
I have that as my bio on
Look what you've done.
what is your "go-to" workout for lower body? #kickboxing #running #plyometrics ?? Any of these?? We need inspiration!
Nothing says 'Spring Forward' like looking back. The Twilight Zone: Live! comes to ACT w/ Theater Schmeater this April.
What tools or methods do you suggest for remote brainstorming and idea generation? I'm interested in sync and async approaches.
I read that "Pappy Van Winkle & ice cream" and I refuse to be embarrassed.
looking sharp, sir!
At Starbucks with and we decided to start singing to
thank you!!!!
I have a high IQ, does that count for anything LOL
Big day ahead of me!
I'm back in the traffic center this morning, helping you get through your commute! See you on Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM!
ur b-day is just a few hours away :)
umm they bounced of the ground you filthy whore!
Anyone in New York City want to catch a meeting today? I could use a good one with a friend!
Like does he have kids who goin now b starving? Is his fiance poor, homeless or something?? Like WTF they need money 4?
The MSU sportsmanship is awful today, you are winning, be nice!
From The Artist's Way: "Envy, backbiting, criticism, have no place in our midst, nor do ill temper, hostility, sarcasm, chivvying for...
#FavoriteLyric dick slang
to you as well!
quick update on the promo code, since we are in the month of May now, the promo code is HOPELOYALFRIENDS50MAY Thank YOU! :))
RT : #lodlam: 100 people from across the world. 21 formal spaces + many informal spaces. Great group for #openspace!
very macgyver of you. ;)
valid point. There will be "lets go ravens" chants the next time the Yankees visit.
When you come upon a wall, throw your hat over it, and then go get your hat. --
vitamin water can't save me this time.
Hyde: copyright, or copy DUTY? #SustUnbound cf. Pete Seeger's pre-emptive copyright of We Shall Overcome, followed by est. of trust
15 followers to go, and then we'll be giving away #FREE design consultations!
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Ok, time to check out G+...
Yes it is, JG!
Love is in the Air!!!
Nothing Stops Another Day.
We're calling it for Brooks. Results stil unofficial.
The commitment to integrity. Creating architecture of trust. Nothing is built and sustained without trust.
MSG welcomes home Liberty legend T-Spoon for her coaching debut on 12/9 in the #MaggieDixonClassic!
I hear you..
After battleing the fruit flys a month ago at the Arbys on Lafayette Road the situation is much better. Thank you City Health Department.
I agree and congrats on your work for hire that someone just tweeted about. good job!!
congrats to for 2012 james award for best chef southeast
She was talkin all this ish bout wat she was gonna do when we get to the crib...now she's asleep, I really handle my bizz! Not a song!
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a artsy response to its inbuilt limits and obstacles.
#TBT Friendchuck. Honk if you like turtles. Fuzzy dice. Piercings. Had so much fun today with
10 years vs 100 years of tradition....we will get there!
Damn that made me hungry
Whoa! It's about time.
RT : Stanton Social for dinner.... Quite #GOOD I must say myself
eating the best ICE CREAKM ever CIAO BELLA key lime graham Try it
Writing/Recycling a paper for tomorrow =]
I guess being a secretary didn't work out for Gwen. Badass career move.
ya!! lil bro Passed his road test! Now I need to hide my car keys. Sweet Brendan Farrell
I'm trynna keep a smile on my face
Ginger coconut roobios. Made with pepper, cinnamon, apple and almond. I am the tea queen.
Your only young once in your entire life, after that your old, then you die, I suggest you enjoy it.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed
MY DON'T TEASE ME BRACLET IS GLOWING IN THE DARK! Tell me I'm not trippin?!
is serious, man
Your technology is AMAZING!
tis a good morning cuz! So ready for the weekend. Wanna go get a new playmate...For Mamita that is...Pound, shelter or retail?
Tyra Banks on
lol thats what i meant haha today is going by fast I want school to end so bad!!
Thanks. Let us know what you think.
“ “ It takes a strong heart to love but it takes an even stronger heart to love again after it's been broken.””
That dog deserves a "no prize" T-shirt!
My father just said he thinks integration was a mistake. Where am I from?!?!?!
yes but I'm at work :(( “: Anyone wanna go grocery shopping with me right now?”
That would be fun! Right now we're downtown at Loring Park.
I got the job (:
BUT, I never did if they were in the stroller or a carrier & protected by clothing/blanket. (I'm a hippie, tho. LOL!)
There are several ways in which to apportion the family income, all of them unsatisfactory
OMG what is up with all the Debbie Downers on my timeline right now. Lord Women, I luv you, but Geez!!! LoL ;p
I'm trynna get on the "I don't like" beat. Yo! Lets get trill!
Justice James holding a sign about 828 broadway!
It's all creatures & #fascism w/Guillermo #DelToro: His #Pinocchio will contrast the talking puppet with the "puppets" of inter-war Italy.
Loving the Cali thunder!
We just got a new shipment of some delish cookies! We want to make sure to order everyone's favorites! What kind of cookie do you like?
What do you say? : needs to offer a tasting of dishes from this season of
You know you own your own business when...1 am EST is not even close to bed time. <3 working on !
Sometimes my focus needs more focus
If Bill Belichick don't want him he's not worth signing. say what you will, Belichick knows when to drop a player
I wish I was somebody special, special in your eyes.
Thank you Mark. I did! Wishing you a wonderful new week.
yeah. I understand.
In every girl’s life, there are 3 guys. One she loves, one she hates, & the one she can’t get enough of… & in the end, it’s the same guy.
Ew I hate materialistic people! It makes you look so ugly only a janky person would be impressed.
Seriously? Too tired for traffic!
This is fucked up, first Steve McNair now this. #rip Junior Seau
Wishing it is was socially acceptable to be naked on my front lawn
I could be on tumblr all day.
--namely because I just realized that I have an impending deadline and this week didn't help with all the internet/phone issues--
Lakers who?? What what happened to Lakers tonight?
no!! not you!!!!! ppl who act brilliant too often!
that makes 2 of us! Keep us updated if u know of any places. We'll do the same :)
Day 4 of at today includes the first time we are showing a trilogy.
mow it shirtless ;)
We're mobile & come to you!! Pamper ur baby & detail ur car!! Get 20% off any auto detailing if you mention twitter. Call (619) 928-4848!!
More athletes gotta be like and Shelden Williams. Fans love to get tweeted @ by players.
not gonna lie I might have watched a bit of the 3rd rerun ": successfully watched #RHONJ season premiere 2 times in a row "
these will want to be ornery, just to keep 'em going. let's hope. thanks for the positivity.
yes let's do dinner tho
I just won an iPad!!! The best model too! Thank you for the extraordinary prize at #PlateauInsights!
getting ready to give his presentation on disaster recovery and business continuity
If you're a math lover & baker today's your day. Happy Pi Day! 3.14
The Avengers was SO GOOD. Time to go see it seventeen more times.
LO Ya Sond dem (Jamaican accent )
haha well put a guy to the test and find out.
that's me and my friend were talking about! I would have freaked out if I saw it in person!
more tweets than followers
I'm so ready for another BVB album already.....! Even just a couple songs would be happily devoured!!!!
chase field stupid baseball open and close roof. So close! :)
Beale Street's done gone dry!!! DSO + up next!!!
thanks man! Some more stuff with her in the works
First tweet of the year!!!! Happy new years everyone! =]
Spinach salad, Quinoa stuffed peppers, porterhouse steaks
oh gross. Yeah. Poor Em got a funky virus with a 102* fever that lasted 14 days. Got over it and 5 days later got strep. Eke
Who is that?
watching baby boy
No one ever get's ME front row tickets to :(
Usually when ppl are sad, they do nothing. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry they bring about a change. Malcolm X
Loved last night's fashion show benefitting the Fashionistas produced by Abstract Method Marketing!! I had a great time.
Sumthin Special in my life....
dennys south rules its,the pop! Represent terre haute!!
Call it "speed tourism!"
& we should get the youth of chicago involved. being a part of CIW changed my life & im 30+. imagine what it could do for kids
I know enough to know that your characterization of #Ward7 is inaccurate.
Save the Date: Certificate Completion Ceremony on October 15. RSVP today
how'd you know?! LOL. Standby while I get more info
One of our favorite bloggers is Melissa McEwan- Check her out!
And all of the languages I'm interested in right now would probably land me with fairly rubbish healthcare.
I prefer to think of it as an argument for restating the necessity of greater local accountability!
you and 50 go perform @ the same show so i guess thats means the beef go be squashed?
I'm sending prayers to all the teammates ! Don't let know one tell you what you can't do. Fight hard as ever! Don't give up
In any sports during the playoffs your seed doesn't matter it all comes down to how u play in general. During the playoffs everyone is 0-0.
RT : Retweet if you want me to follow you back! :)
User testing of UCLA's 3D software: learning navigation is a challenge for educators
#PassportDC was fantastic - Too many countries and not enough time!! Photos & Blog post to come!
A dozen roses: $12, a box of chocolates: $10, a happy valentines day card: $2, still having $24 dollars because you're single: priceless
Thanks for caring so much you fucking asshole.
where are you playing? welcome to columbus!
PIERRE is happy that tomorrow Union Station will be his destination. Stay hungry my friends!
@ haha good times! I miss you guys too much!!
Whoa...this email...on company time...yeesh...0_o
All over the place
did he already sing it!?
Giving back should be part of your plan for success. Helping others is not only moral, but it's the right thing to do. [AGE 414-409-7263]
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
is on twitter?! :o haha
Just checking out www.nimble.com as a socially integrated CRM this morning. Worth looking at.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Zombie Nation RT : The welcoming committee misread memo. #WorldCup team was to be greeted at airport by CORPSES of families!
If you deny yourself commitment, what can you do with your life? Harvey Fierstein
flaky, smooth, bumpy, chewy, crunchy, toasty..... whats your TEXTURE...
That first line was hilarious.
We never actually grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
...long night, longer morning after interesting call from SKG. "When the mother becomes the child..."isn't working anymore!
Okay what would the boys say/do if I threw a pie in Liam's face ?
Peeling a mango, then will have dinner completed: Brown rice, baked mango/teriyaki chicken, mango-pineapple spinach salad. Yummylicious
Neither. Absolutely neither. I want fiscal responsibility AND social liberty. Nobody supports that
Loving Orggit's new homepage. www.orggit.com
Am reading "Bioinformatics for Dummies" and am not sure how this makes me feel about myself.
no problem! I love the updates <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Donald Driver needs just 42 yds to pass James Loften as the #Packers all time receiving leader. Does he do it Thurs against the #Saints?
on it!
some niggas lack creativity and call it "writers block"
me and sierra are laying in bed together :) bejealous
Yes! 9PM ET on TV! RT : Does 4th and forever come on tonight?
#2WEEKS till "iPhone" premieres on VEVO!
Off to school >
big things soon man! Very stoked
shutterfly is way too stressful!
Are you speaking today/did I miss it already?
Today is definately a better day than days past.. Hey.. All I can do is try.. :-)
I totally went back to play on mine yesterday for the first time in years
so like, am i the only one that will get on more often? :D lol -Dannah-
Yea I'm here. I won't be free for the next two weeks. Where does she live?
Hello, lovely people. :)
Obviously we are not happy about this and yes we are working to remedy the situation. Thank you.
New on Skype! I told u I was tryna catch up..lol. dutchessceo1
It probably isn't intentionally lying...just seeing the situation through rose-colored glasses
" your dreams are herby from this day on fucked" hahah i love kingsley
AJ Hawk cut by the Packers. Finally he can fulfill his destiny and win the custody of his estranged son through arm wrestling
Kenny #MacAskill, let me get this: Compassionate enough to release, but not enough to keep Megrahi from harm's way? Afraid of the appeal ?
Sure, leave me, take my heart and break it in 2,000+ pieces! Cut me from my insides out make me hurt make me cry but most of all take my <3
There Is NO SUBSTITUTION For Hard Work..
you want soul in your rock? devilridingshotgun.com
virtual school is never ending!!
If the SCOTUS upholds ObamaCare, there will be nothing that the Feds can't force you to do! - How will you like slavery then?
Do you all remember how Rocket Man goes? Let me sing it for you... Rocket Man burnin' out his fuse up here alone...
I just hit the Gold level with my Starbucks card. Mission Accomplished,
this is how you tweet
that's what you think!!!
Russell Stover or Whitman's Sampler?
he's come a long way since 2+2
That doesn't mean I can't get 1 of John 2...
RT : Vote in our NYC Restaurants Survey for a chance to win dinner for two at your favorite restaurant ($500 value) —...
I saw the show the other day, and I loved it! The show deserves a packed house every night.
heard you share a birthday with skj! Happy Birthday!
I hope you realize how big of a scumbag you're becoming..
That hurt my feelings.
Prince Sports declares bankruptcy
Today we'll be vending the Dragoons Car Club Nite of the Hot Rods at Riverview Lodge, Antioch, CA 4-11pm. See you there!
Oh i'm just gonna call my puppy birds for now on cause she like to kill birds.
Fill out the form to get started today and download your free copy of “How to Grow Your eCommerce Business with Inbound Marketing
Spent today at the Lex Farmers Market, Windy Corner Market and then for a story. Tomorrow: in Cincy w/ fam.
Let's revisit 'Strong Mind, Strong Body'. Have you checked your posture lately?
First off, I agree 100% that this movie sucked ass!
#walkscore And what does Minneapolis' look like?
Dog running east on the 290. called the cops & flagged them down but. Couldn't find him again. Hope he is ok.
Was about to start an argument with an idiot, but then realized she's do stupid it's not worth it
hey your like So pretty follow????!!!! :)
#LetItGo RT : What doesn't kill you makes you stronger only if you learn from it.
everyone follow ! go go goggoooooooo, they're very nice XD
So tweeps, thoughts on the #ipad 2? I Think they are holding off the big guns until the 3!
My energy feels so much better today! Curse the monthly sickness of women!
Met Joe Black, same movie, just told in the past tense #removeoneletterfilm (via )
MOVING BOX MOTHERLOAD!
a little bit, haha. why'd you delete your facebook?
doing well! How's your branch of family, Parents, Bro & family?
In Georgetown routing for my #Rams. People are not happy at Breadsoda, which makes me even more happy :D
Hi. I've been crying all day. I had a horrible day. And now i wish would make me smile at least..one time..
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted and learned from.
Sox are 4.5 out of 1st in AL Cent. At this point in season (early) that's not so bad. RV working out the kinks & learning his job.
u should check out the CHBC evening prayer meeting while you're there
Keep telling yourself that. :P
get up
haha if only that were true! I'd gladly exchange piano lessons for student debt, finding a job, never being able to retire...
Making some mac & cheese for dinner <U+E32C>
oh okay haha
i no feel so good....
Check out this really great blog www.myjamrock.blogspot.com and www.sexyshanti.blogspot.com :-)
The hardest part is not being able to express this with anyone
same here, kept 2nd guessing my tweets, lol.
This is late, but thanks for voting Chris!
No, just 6 wins
I've been trying all morning to find that out....do u know what was shouted?
You are never alone...
what? Shut up
Looking forward to MC'ing the Central Catholic Auction Sat pm...Sinbad will crack up the audience---very fun!
Thank Goodness KARMA'S A B-I-T-C-H.
It's so hard to think I would do something like that.
sheet music consortium, livingstone, valentines day!, omeka
Your legs are moutians for him, leggings?
Follow for great insight on the new Nike NFL uniforms.
She said I don't spend time like I really should. She said she don't know me...
#dontgetmestarted on why i love
Need ideas for your wedding? Join us on 6/22/11 from 6pm-8pm where we will have Abq. Wedd vendors, gifts and giveaways. Just RSVP 5058305782
Follow Lifer , Thanks for the support from So So Def !
Great panel on Social Media & Gov 2.0. Integrating social seamlessly into gov't via
He has great plans for me
Wow my God I havent been on Twitter in a month!! My lifes been blessed!! Back on track with Twitter!! God bless you all!! =D
thank you, Nicholas! Happy new year to you!!
wow...the city that?
Even with both my bags already full, a free & interesting-looking book is still cause for rejoicing!
And thank you for providing feedback. It helps us pinpoint the things we need to work on to provide great customer service.
the account is a scam, beware. << Thanks. Seems he already deleted that account.
OK I'm through w/looking up dreams. Dreamt I was shopping like CRAZY: "To dream that you are shopping symbolizes your needs and desires...
RT : Panelist and CNAS VP Kristin Lord: It is almost impossible to imagine cyber not being a component in future conflicts.
Ma faced is uh coupon.... idon kno dem but dey kno me
yes you must! Hes dangerously cute, watch out! Hes getting higher though come seem him soon!
I GOTTA BE YOU some day!!
spat, quarrel, quibble
I wanna be more like n have more of a fuck wat u think attitude
The most common signs and symptoms of disease caused by Alpha-1 are: Shortness of breath, Wheezing, Chronic cough #charity,
"Africa" by Toto sucked 30 years ago and it sucks now. Total abomination. Why any venue would play this trash is beyond me.
Hahahahaha omg that was funny. I hate it when girls think they're better then everybody and talk shit in class then the teacher ask them ...
it's incredibly distressing to see construction/process swept aside given the role it's played in emancipatory...
Shout out to for picking me up from the club in my own car
not at all, I hope.
Especially the Evolution theory for whales. Did you guys know they were land dinosaurs with legs? Now they're legless and in water.
looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Good morning Lucy! Sharon Jimenez let me know if your boss can edit Bring Hollywood Home video interviews with our supporters?
24 left I have 1.8 M at 10k/20k. Prob going to be at feature table tomorrow to direct right of 2 Million for 1st
I stopped and did the math: I ordered one shirt a day over the past week. Do you think Gallifreans make closets?
WHAT British pub food?! eats, breathes and sleeps Chinese! :-O
wats p.o.v?
So we're going bowling who do y'all think will win?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all who mother -- those minding small children, mourning the loss of a child, or preparing for the birth of one.
MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT AT SATURDAY'S SHOW!
RT : Just got my application approved by Time to GTFO of town a bit more often.
you were the proud owner of a coke mirror and/or feathered roach clip as a child.
Good luck today, !
Hm Is statcount a particular ap? We just use bloggers' statistics.
The long drive home...so great to see some family and get some time to relax. We are back tomorrow at 11am, new special announced Sunday!
#1111wish to make everything better (:
YEAH WELL I DIDN'T SEE YOUR MESSAGE TOLL I TWEETED THAT SO WHATEVER GO AWEY
RT : "In all things it is better to hope than to despair." Goethe #quote RT
CASHER NHL HOCKEY: Skate to victory with the Chicago Blackhawks money line. Look for an easy 2 goal or better victory in this one.
Oh, oh, I can hear him singing keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart <3 rocks <3
She stood me up on christmas n i bought her a gift
Rockefeller is hitting all the right notes on explaining the value and necessity of the FCC's OI order, and on the absurdity of the RoD.
We may not have it all together, but together we have it all ; #12millionbeliebers <U+2665>
at this point in the season, everyone is. I hear you, but only 8 points?
evidently you've never seen me at karate. They call me Ip Man... and if you haven't seen that movie, you haven't lived! ;)
/ Yes. Everyone has the same deck (for now). You're doing great!
“: U STUPID FOR THIS "DOWN BABY" TRACK” Lol appreciate it!
This KU-UNC game is crazy!!!!
I bought a bike! I used the bike! And, now, if that doesn't mean I should eat a piece of cake, I don't know what does.
"Good morning starshine...the earth says, hello."
Have a blast! RT : Southwest, free bloody Mary's, D2 Mighty Ducks on the lap top..The kid can travel a little bit, see you soon Boston!
Beginning of the end for Blockbuster? All in-store rentals now 5 days, then $1/day if late.
we r lost boys children of the night
What cultures have you been able to access through theatre that you normally wouldn't get to experience?
Daily quote...“Do it now. Sometimes ‘later’ becomes ‘never.’” ; )
Pleased to hear that compares himself to one of my dad's all-time-favorite Patriots, Mike Vrabel. Smart man.
RT": Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak, she doesn't know why , but she can't let go."
it's cause nobody likes you......
Always enjoy hearing talk biz!
Not gonna lie I get a HUGE smile on my face when I see that Emma tweets me :D
shopping with addy and my mom(:
me too...-.- but i'm sleepy tho, so...i'm off to bed bye baby <3
... Your twitter name! I love it! :]
Dude, this is amazing
I can't wait til football season...
:) we have a girl, wife wants a boy, but I will be satisfied as long as it is just one. Lol
I couldn't agree more. God bless you and keep doing your thing.
as Tracy Jordan says - "Live every week like it's Shark Week."
The bird is the word
thanks so much for playing golf yesterday for it was great to see you!
Drivin home in a storm<<
are pissing me off right now!! Kobe needs to come back. The way were playing is bullshit!
Be selective, Be objective, Be an asset to the collective as you know you have to get a life...
TUESDAY - Robbery 1st Degree starts today; Grand Jury meets today. ABC's 20/20 is in town tomorrow to talk about Steve Nunn case.
How to be #Enchanting on Social Media: Be Likeable, Trustworthy and have a great product.
Good morning lets get the day started off right w/<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
We added more relaxing spa music to our play list! Come relax with a spa treatment and treat all your senses!
RT - The Cleveland Indians pennant from Major League now has be removed due to Charlie Sheen's steroid use. Nothing g...
Thanks. I'm familiar with Others? Perhaps there is a story in next generation of academic blogs ...
So, I'm seeing stars right now -- no, I'm not watching TV. I was repairing a garage door, fell back, bashed my head on the floor. Hurts.
WHAT THE HELL are the #Aints MGMT doing over there.. How Do You Not Close The Deal With #DrewEFFINBrees #SMH unbelievable!
Another shitty day in a shitty life
Thats the closest 12 point win I've ever been apart of
No assurance
Sorry for the difficulty. Were you still able to purchase tickets?
I want to go to The Avengers tonight. Ok, maybe not the movie but just the red carpet, intro and q&a. I have a cape!
my dude, I'm DJing close by. Berry Park. North 14th and Berry street. About 5 blocks from you. Here till 4am. Holla!!!
MetLife re last weeks shoot for them "We loved your pictures from last week and definitely look forward to working with you in the future!"
2morrow is never promised, give 2day all u got! #Extrablessed!
Looking forward to again sharing the stage with and tonight in Dayton, OH at One Eyed Jacks! All ages show!
Ok baby I'll play in the snow with you
Thank you for another #FF!
Designing is just arranging all the things you've been collecting. Collecting well is kind of the thing.
yes, why?
I hate this
Time for me to make a new background cuz my current one I've had since xmas..smh lol
Not lovin that though. I would like to personally thank Darren McFadden for the loss tonight. Time for some sleep.
“: My 1st concert tonight. I'm just a little excited.” I'm just a lotta jealous...enjoy!
I've been at 18s' (Telephone @ Lockwood) past 3 years. Transfering to station 9 (on Hogan, north of downtown) soon.
<U+E033><U+E448><U+E112>MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE <U+E448><U+E033><U+E112>
I cannot get enough of I love them so much!!
He said, she said, they said, bullshit.
At Nottingham to see Snowpatrol with Thomas
Session done bouncing tracks getnit in blessed
A gale is a very strong wind= a wind must B2B considered a gale/U.S. government's NationalWeatherService defines a gale as 34–47 knots
Haha you have to when you drink wine or cognac. Otherwise you miss some of the flavor lol
2morrow get some Fresh Wisconsin Cheese curds straight from the Vat . It's been over 30 years ! Hurray !!! Love Phoenix !
We Will Never Let Justin Go <3
cool cool:)
isnt it?? I tell my grandma all the time that she needs to open a bakery when she retires.
what are you doing on Thanksgiving?
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
if a real Bully gets in that pulpit
how'd it go?? Praying for you!!!
Who is headed to the opening party tonight?!
Stayed up way too late watching ESPNC air the 09 SU/UConn 6OT game last night, but it got me in the mood for #madness, i must admit
I want a follow pretty please
How scary 2 black cats just popped up in front of me...one at a time it was crazy
i'm scared shitless; I don't want go home.!
tks for the feedback! I agree..
I fucking love bambie! She's like sweet tits on my honey buns! That's some god T right there
And all that counts is here and now.
sounds like a case of Thermoplastic Attachment of Rhomboid Disorder Interrupting Sleep...
I'm not gonna know what to do :( FUF + Emily sleepover soon
That awkward moment when you realize someone was actually home the whole time you were singing at the top of your lungs.
I'll second that. RT : Wet giraffe is not a good smell.
Wait until those kids go to school. And you live in the city. And your zoned school can't support a PTA due to lack of interest.
I do agree. Good movie, good friends, good night
Wet dreams are funny. 1st U think U peed yourself but slowly realize the Sandman molested U. Now when his song pops up U can’t stop crying.
lol me too.
New clothing line coming soon "KRAZY"
If God had wanted universal health care he wouldn't have invented plagues.
You get a free bar tab, "I'm 21 and an idiot" shirt, plastic bday mug, oh, and all your friends get to make you puke. TEQUILA!
the sick part is that this has crossed my mind and part of me is elated.
Dance proficiencies over!! I think I did okay; definitely tried my best :) Now all I need is my voice to come back, otherwise I'm in trouble
thanks, lemmon!! i guess you can attend your work meeting instead of contributing to my blog. deep siiiggghhhh. :)
they're so lazy...
What If I die
anyone who sees this on their timeline just got a little dumber
I've done so many good deeds today
When students have some control in learning, they are more likely to actively engage.
Bored to Death is maybe the greatest TV show I've ever seen. Just, FYI, twitterverse.
in a Marxist society, people who exploit undocumented immigrants would be illegal.
Times can be pretty much be rough,but sometimes, when people you barely know thinks you can't do it, prove it to them. Don't just tell them.
can I have dibs if someone doesn't get their name in by 5:30?
I'm ready to come back to Indiana
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
Spotted: White Jay in Los Feliz!
You're very cool. Thanks for the debate. You've made me reconsider a few things. Take care.
It would happen that I buy new suede shoes and it pouring outside
you got it babe.:)
The story of modern America begins With the discovery of the white man by The Indians.- Marshall McLuhan
looks like a game changer for Tarantino, we'll see…
With all the congrats going around I'd like to congratulate on a great weekend. Despite losing, he definitely earned many fans!
no i'm at drivers ed :(
Shhhhh! I'm listening to the at work. don't tell anyone. FYI, they went down 1-2-3 in the top of the first.
"BESTFRIENDS" a 11 letter word so is "BACKSTABBER"
Just sent an email about coming to dinner tonight if there's room, on the early side. It's a pot pie or die kind of day.
is happy Nick's team won the championship softball game. :D
Linear progression, a Platonic idea, is not the norm. - Taleb
RT : I'm driving to Mono Mills to meet local Liberals.
[ Wow. TY for adding the :D ] “: Good morning! Always lovely to read a little positivity on my way to work :-)”
Maybe I can scrape together the $$$ to go in person. Thank god #codcon12 isn't being run as one of those trendy unconferences.
dAMN BRUHH JUST GOT SOME BAD NEWS KEEP YA HEAD UP KOBI .
does this make him in contempt of the court order? (walker) resign. now.
Blessings Rasta..One Love!
and layed some serious humanities-GIS wisdom on my Rare Book School students this afternoon: thanks guys
I need a tub of ice cream to drown my sorrows.
Follow up work with - Yeah, man. anytime. I I'm looking forward the day we get work together.
Plaid shirt and Jean shorts. <3
Andrew Suniula is on for Paul Emerick
"I Will Always Love You" was the song that made me realize I could belt. RIP Whitney. Thank you for giving me the courage to find my voice.
When the world treats you like a hero, don't forget you could not have achieved it without the efforts of others. Jim Jackson.Houston
Walk freely and harmoniously on your path towards a life that matters.
You look marvelous, Jill. I, on the other hand, could loose a few pounds. I love food, though. Happy & healthy New Year!
lol the jets are so overrated..loud mouthed coach with a high profile qb. I give Rex two yrs max he is gone
Try to sample Truely great Colorado craft beer
#NF MA' U R BEAUTIFUL
Ha! Few in Los Angeles know what those blue baggies are holding, so I haven't had a problem.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I love hockey who ya got tonight?
Peter Marshall~ Teach us O Lord the disciplines of patience for to wait is often harder than to work.
The vibes are all wrong today. Time for some wine.
Increasing elder care responsibilities is a critical reason for the need for workplace flexibility.
So close to #200followers ... AYA is on the radar!
I used to think lit-crit as detective work was a wanky description. But I am totally doing that with sentence structure tonight.
True. That
I'm not going to take it! no i'm not going to take it!
it doees! next time, come chill with us(:
: Please give me my girlfriend back.
Was excited about switching to hemp milk...until it curdled in my coffee
We're past 400 visitors! This has been a great morning at the Embassy of #Kazakhstan!
Thanks for the follow! Let it burn!!!!
this proves we're best friends forEVER
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you realize you still have 5 workdays ahead on your first monday back after a string of partial workweeks. :::ugh:::
My house is a musical playhouse.
"This user is saying very bad things about you.." I'm about to say very bad things about you if you don't leave me the fuck alone!
You know what's really awesome? My continued domination over you in our ESPN league. D-Train rolls on!!
Joyce's Ulysses: Someone should piece together all of the issues of the Little Review that contain chapters in
Just got to Bloomington, IL! Shout out to Fokus Firm reaching out to us for interviews!! It was a lot of fun! (although I was SO nervous!)
Life is one big shit sandwich and everyday you just have to take another bite haha
Did I hear 's laugh on this episode of Money from strangers?
happy where the hell are my wings day!
Work, work and more work! Making the money :)
still got it
'habitat' image in by Stuart Allen for Texas
MAX PAYNE 3 IS GON BE THAT GAME THO!
So glad to hear from my fellow #nanoturtles. Even with only 2921 words, now I feel like i have a chance! Go go #nanowrimo!
Ready for sbchat
Bout to hitta bitch
Extended restaurant week at #LaTasca!
has had an urge to go camping ever since she met on a bus.
you're welcome (:
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. - Charles Darwin
#FF Follow - the ridiculously talented and better looking brother of
I choose rick ross. I just want to lick underneath his belly
So I'm guessing there's questions that need addressing, huh?
I don't think I've told you yet...BUT I LOVE YOU!
“ I'm about to handle Tator's lightwork <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” hold up what that mean?!? Lol
Thanks cupcake! Have a super bad-ass weekend!
looking forward to see how well they sold!
Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When a man does not know what harbor he is making for, no wind is the right wind. Seneca
I should of went to school but I ain't wanna see them bull shitty ass people
Posters all over South Austin car repair joints yesterday. Huge props to the gearheads putting them up!
I feel like fatass finishing this entire box of chips ahoy....
In all of NYC, there were 23,879 new condo units added at the peak of the market in 2006 & that number has since dropped every year
RT : Why does'nt have proximity sensors by escalators? <-- your common sense has been rejected by
U brought back Matthew Ashford,Drake Hogestyn &Deidre Hall,pls bring back Nadia Bjorlin.She ranks at the top with them.
I play this song everytime I go on vacation. Thanks for sharing.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
has been boring lately. Same ish same bitching bout unequal rights
Neanderthal Sponge - I'm a Republican
but seriously you need some #HYPERCOLOR fabric
Great to see you today, ! You have the sweetest family!!!
Congrats to the , the & all Dynamo fans on the next chapter of #MLS success: BBVA Compass Stadium.
cuz u use a strap-on! LOL
Really annoys me when my friends don't tell me every little detail.
does your product do any keyword and sentiment analysis for recruiters to find *better* prospects or "passion-based recruiting"?
oh yeah I've been home bound
Playing at Hamilton street pub in Saginaw, MI tonight
Happy NY. Looking forward to crushing 2012 beyond imagination with both and
Ill be one of your dates... ;D
Rock and roll sounded forced and rushed initially. Now they've slowed it down to just the right pace
Kern: "We have to be respectful of the norms of a society while also showing learners how constructed those norms are."
you don't have to put on the red light....
Life is a beach im just playing in he sand
RT When I "Mad Men" myself it usually involves a 5th of scotch and a letter of apology the next AM.
Thank you! Could tell you were in alignment w/ it the moment I opened your page. You're doing beautiful things!
#Tolerance of intolerance is cowardice. -Ayaan Hirsi Ali.
Was there a poll asking Americans if we wanted to head into Iraq?We better be careful before we have to drop the "T" bomb on our description
RT “: USE YOUR VOICE!!! TUESDAY MAY 8 VOTE FOR TOM BARRETT #Retweet GET RID OF WALKER!!”
Welcome to all new followers Many Blessings to u all, love, light and laughter & remember, if you can laugh, u can heal anything. nitey nite
Guess I should start this reading assignment that I was supposed to read on the way to and from Cape
he had to be something like using a computer/phone or something. Maybe sneaking out so cameras weren't around?
Seems like there are lots of data calls going on. 4square seemingly makes a data req on each page. Saves data x-fer but feels slow.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone HOLY SHIT I JUST GOT IN A CAR ACCIDENT
can someone bring me a rootbeer please ?
sucks balls.
Dress shopping on Mothers Day--Priceless
Get on my level, son!
Overall, handcrafted retweets and FB shares are more authentic, meaningful, worth the extra time.
I think I may walk around after my volunteer session on Sun & see if I can find friends' spaces
"You can never control your problems, but you can always control your attitude & how you deal with it."
Looking for game recommendations for the Wii or Nintendo DS. Wish LA Noire were on Wii
be careful with our car.
Potty training the kid is turning out to be something of an uphill battle at this point.
I was trying to get UVIP to seattle but it kept saying no matches found ksjdalkasjdlska i will try again next week :(
Best wishes, my man. We're all pulling for your dad.
Why do all the housewives have awful nail colors?!?
got to get you in the next XPOZ issue !!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Its gonna be very very very big"
Are you serious? was the most talented person in this whole thing. America is stupid.
good to know since we ordered one!
was pretty good in Jan ( but was in a Finds & FP a few times) Feb tanked. tanned
What is/are your favorite dance genre(s)?
Don't forget we're open til 11 tonight, come play with our monsters NOW!
I got you one follower closer to 1k(:
M, that's always good. Especially with corn bread muffins.
I didn't even see this!! This is great :D Would love to hear your thoughts on what I'm up to with !
Math Pick 17: Pythagoras and the Ratios by Julie Ellis, Illustr. by Phyllis Hornung - Middle School
threw fish this evening at
I just realized I utterly failed to make dinner plans for tonight in Montreal. Anyone want to have dinner with me?
So when you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, cause I still
Ten days left til summer! #Bittersweet , but mostly sweet :-)
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me
Lol what a joke...
If you don't find one, I might be able to sneak you into one I run at Harvey field in Snohomish. Both kids could play together.
my 21st bday is tomorrow! You and come celebrate! :D
M love the Hamptons off season when it's quiet. So pretty and calm.
poor #stephenwalsh <3 tell him i hope he feels better!
just used my gift card! Yummy burger! Thnx!
No dislike button there either.
Happy Monday!! ZuZu is rocking come and join everone else for lunch. Be seen. It is the place today!
let me know :)
Congratulations! Beautiful #MidCentury home!
my bush is gettin on my nerves!.
<3 <3 <3 Thank you! We love your style!
Okay why I can't see everyone who followed me unless u click on my followers WTF !!!
im really diggin your profile picture (:
yo whats good this is Adoniyah, im interested in buying some beats, send me some packages...
He should record this in the studio. Words wouldn't do it justice on describing it.
Who wears flip flops and sock when it's raining?!?
Headed to EKU on a field trip sure beats being in class!!
let the college kids keep their brackets, WFMU/Best Show are in the big leagues. I'm just sorry for that last slew of callers
Not Joseph Addai! AND Peyton Manning? For SHAME. (Maybe they'll come to Denver and joing the #Broncos!)
I've gotten so many Cyber deal emails my mailbox is nearly full!
Come see our new studio January 13th and 14th. Times to be announced!
Happy #tmoneytuesday !!!!! So tired can't even keep my eyes open in first period <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Surprising that I'm the only one laughing at the equation S(L-UT) in Econ class
i'm timeless like a broken watch,
"Practicing what you're not good at takes work. Practicing what you're good at is lazy." -Victor Wooten
not sure yet. Keep you posted
Boys? hahaha they don't like me.
For all who joined Sustenio last night for Valentine's dinner, we are sure it was love at first bite!
hello to all wolfies get readY for teen wolf tonight at 10:00 =D
that tweet totally made my whole week! <3
Thanks to all Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Book your upcoming event now by logging onto www.okcpartybus.com or calling 405.447.2446
#Badgers to face #Virginia in #ACCB1G Challenge on Wednesday, Nov. 28. Game time and TV network still to be determined
Thanks, I got it. I just needed to edit the Show notes because I forgot to credit my music!!!! I figured it out though :)
nvm just wondering
that's terrible to all the austistic giraffes out there..
Impressive line-up this morning: Eva Moskowitz, Mayor Cory Booker and President Clinton
I like Omnibus Rabbit!
Noir Fridays featuring Chicago's one and only tomorrow doors open at 10 PM RSVP 3125459057 for free entry
Making some changes, planning new things!
Harry:"Its gotta be Lou only Lou" Niall:"Its gotta be food only food" Lou & Liam:"Its gotta be you only you" Zayn: "Its gotta be me only me"
Put in a rush order for a restaurant bid. That short order has been rolled out!
Agreed. Hope you're feeling better.
Lori's here today offering her excellent custom embroidery at very low prices. See her other great notions at A Stitch in Time 11-7 today.
I still agree with the mayor on #seinfeld... The people of #nyc should all wear name tags
was so honest about the deception at the end. I do have to say I think I'd still be a major fan even if we weren't related. ;-)
Always keeping it extra real. RT "We blame coaches for some of these sorry-ass players way too much." Preach Charles!
nice job of reporting
