Broadway bar tonight!!!who's ready??????? Email us if you have a group of girls... Or a party celebration,We got you!!!
hey girl what's up
Lots of engagement and questions at #sxsw panel on
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 21:36 with Nike+ GPS.
amen! I need your booking #... Just recommended you for a bahamas date! Call me 267-257-8136
HAHAHA! Ohh Marc RT IM LOCKED IN THE BACKYARD. COME OPEN IT!!!!!!
Just keeps getting better. (:
Killeen in the City...has a nice ring to it, don't you think? lol Not too much in the way of escapades to report.
the coaches vote in reserves and ok. U take a 36 yr kidd and 34 yr old terry. I'm done lol
Condescending Wonka on Twitter...in Yiddish?
Love all that you're doing to make changes in the world
O.O kinda jelly :3 lolol
Okay. I think these jeans show a little too much in the front. LOL
i lost it kid.
If your following me, their's no reason why your not following follow them,they're the future
Countdown to kickoff of Cast's Team Dynamics seminar! Great teams amplify each member's contribution - resource for impact.
she craked itt -_- but she says she funna get me a new juan ;p so ill give u mine wen i get it ;p
Around this time, It was prom time
Honestly can't get enough of watching
great meeting you. Let's enjoy a cocktail this evening!
Miami v VA Tech.....wow! Please never end.
What do you want from me Mark?
no answer???:/Call in the morning thoe!:)<3
Nice day part 2
When it matters...it matters.
WooHoo! Glad it was a success! Bummed we couldn't make it! Keep us updated on other events!
Bout to get on the road Cincinnati here I come
your a comedian
And anyway, didn't you see he's already on twitter: ;-)
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”
its been died since december? !
Come by the shop today to chat up guest worker and film-maker Michael Tolkin!
if by that you mean "this day is dragging ass like an itchy dog" then yes, I'll agree.
omg yes!
whatssss up world
I hate bad weather
: Tonight we're at Kuppajoe (3673 N. 1st St) in Fresno with some great bands! Come hang!
lol did she tell u how she almost got left on the field trip!
Hollywood blaming economy for slow ticket sales. And here I thought it was the poorly written screenplays, rehashed ideas and Jack and Jill
hey Austin! I love you! Hopefully someday you'll tweet me :D
Exactly. Me and tha homie gotta be related.
Its freeeezzziinggg i need to be in Miami right now
asdfghjkl. my mom is behind me and i want to go on tumblr but there's random porn. fuck
I hate ending my tweets on am odd number off Characters... My OCD kicks in!
Prez Obama with UK Champs at the Whitehouse... "sometimes talent triumphs experience"
Cereal Takeover: Chinese Firm Buys Weetabix
RT : cuz you so sexeh // I'm too sexy for Milan, too sexy for Milan, New York and Japan....
Is it vane to like your own post?
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf you spend yo last lil bit of money on a nigga instead of using it for yo kids
thanks! Means a lot coming from you
Can't forget to mention the beverages ! Drinks will be a beer flight, German Chocolate Cake Martini, and a Nut n’ Honey cocktail
#2ThingsIAppreciate true driends n having haters
cake mix lol
i LOVE YOU Torri.
"What you have to do and the way you have to do it is incredibly simple. Whether you are willing to do it, that's another matter."
2012 Miami Marlins = 2011 Philadelphia Eagles
the perfect girl at
That's cool. I didn't know you were such a museum authority. Lol.
Absolutely a great event. and I were still discussing it this morning. So glad we got to be there!
All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go!
Work, work, work...leggoohh!
lol. That was intense XD at least the part that I wuz there for
Leaving Lexington! :/ Concert was amazing!
RT : It is tragic that so many of the leading gay newspapers closed today!
Don't we have to ask who is driving the notion of obesity and who makes money out of destabilising all our appetites.......
Monday music update time! Today: Ghostland Observatory is waking me up.
nice! Enjoy!
sending you lots n lots of energy and love today! Hang in there! Xoxo : )
Zelda Ocarana of time ! Best game ever
Always expect the unexpected in boxing! But, we Lovett!
no prob, love reading u everyday
Arkansas aye do a skype call wit me
"Listening to point-of-need conversations" This is the part of that blows my mind.
Stay tuned, free "lite" version due out soon! Shhh :)
No rush. She's close so its alright.
God morning :-)
#withorwithoutyou Thanks for the U2 earworm Twitter!
Can we please start the #NFLDraft early & fast forward to all the #Packers picks!! Work your magic ;)
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Maryland men’s lacrosse stifles Johns Hopkins in 108th edition of rivalry game
At olive garden with Brandon <3
That's awesome Paul! Happy for you and C.
[1/2] If you pub'd an abstract 2.5yrs before a similar study scooped you in a journal, could you still get hire/tenure intellectual credits?
Thank you for the follow!
Them Asians got that reflex, kid.
it was so good seeing my babe :D love her
Everyone read last tweets lol
Every girl at prom would immediately strip nude with excitement.
Getting all set to shoot the new organic line for For my little preview you girls are going to love the new line! Cool stuff!
hey there!
Beautiful day for Michael & Melissa's wedding! Hair and makeup !
florida, and then chicago!
I'm excited for you today.
my gpa was a 3.75 and i drink excessively and do a lot of drugs.
I can't wait to say...hey hey hey Daddy
that medicine was actually filled with little tiny people that would fix whatever is wrong with you..
lol we devoloped a weird relationship but never worked out, she never fully opened up to me so gave up
Thanks for baking more WW boules so we late shoppers can find em! Asked the bake dept & presto more boules in the eve. Yum!
Wait, I need to review this logic. Haven't looked at that conversation since last night.
If Joshua Ledet is in the bottom three tomorrow night, I'm giving up Well, not really, but I will be upset.
Remembering once , out on the beaches, we wore pineapple grass bracelets
iam glad that nigga stop following me. that means he wasnt supposed to be.. that makes me happy
Prayers to the guy who crashed his bike and was facedown on the highway for 15 mins til the ambulance came. Able to lift his head. That's GN
Like you, I'm new on Twitter and curious about these things as well.
can't believe this time next year ill be living in my own place FOR GOOD and working as a nurse
Half: knotted up at 24 with Hendrix.
._|-++ SINFUL SATURDAYS..SEXY GOGO DANCERS..$2 DRINKS..SEE THE VIDEO--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
A $35 million donation for new dinosaur hall - Philadelphia Inquirer
Hugs and thanks to and for helping out with our bubbles and playdough drive! If you can help, too, please DM!
I love Madonna..... Dope half time show!
see, what would you do without me?
Ridiculously overwhelming week. I see a solitary reset weekend in my future.
Losing people you care about can be rough. But when they dont have to suffer anymore thats a real blessing
Oops, remove the was* from my last tweet.
done with bio for three whole months
Two pots of my "Go Bash Squash DePauw Vegetarian Chili" are ready. Come & taste chili at 1st Annual Unofficial #MononBell Chili Throwdown!
Dog purse! 8! Let the damn things walk!
What's up on the world? :-)
Continuing to work on next beta release of Interlink for CommitCRM. Posted new screencasts to vimeo and CommitCRM forums today.
Phoenix could not have been better... Time to go home to the kids!!
Thank you to Scott High School for hosting NKYSPORTS tonight! Great hospitality all around!
I stay TRUE to mine. U should try that some time. Or u thought we ain't know LOL B gone
so do you calculate "human emotion" in your investment analysis??How does that work?
No problem, looking forward to hearing you succeed!!
#100ThingsiHate when people have stank breath.
“: We all know a douche bag named Noah.”
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) #proudbelieber 68
When you've obviously lost interest but you continue to say you care.
all safe and sound. Thanks! Much love to you Mr. Nate!
What was that word that guy said wrong? How did I forget this?
God has a funny sense of humor.
Yat welcomes author Linda daugherty in town tonight from Dallas for a preview of her show "don't u luv me?" www.yatkids.org
I'm new here too, guess I better learn that protocol too. LOL ! Like I'm gonna sweat it. At 70 , ha ha!
The what? What's EWGC?
Why are so many people so quick to pass judgement about a person based only on there's appearance?
": What's the news on the draft. In away from tv" jags drafted a punter
You'll just have to show up to find out!
ok I was going to say who I need to go ham on. I will hop in the car and drive back lol
It's time to play the music! It's time to light the lights! t's time to meet the Muppets on the Muppet Show tonight!
On My Way Home Just Wanna Let Ya Know If Ya Dreams Dont Scare You Then They Not Big Enough
Dream last night about the last Spanish class I took. I had to give a lecture on a celebrity: El Monstruo de Galletas :)
Why am I up?
It really is amazing that nobody was seriously injured.
smart. Now they won't think it was you
waves To My New Followers -
Stay close for Rob Juice's Brand New Christmas CD 'From the Heart' to be released Thankgiving night at 9:00pm CST..
Just started The Help. Already on page 50. I am greatly enjoying this book.
I've done that at your place before too!
Can I sit next to you as you watch.?
YEE #600kMahomies! OUR FAM KEEPS GETTING BIGGER AND BIGGER!
So people actually use this YOLO phrase eh? And its not ironic?
why do you only follow ?
Aggh I can't go to sleep, because I can't find my pajamas!! been up for 32 hours!!! help!!!
Bro my dad pissing me off... wtf my nigga
had climax on replay all day
Merry Christmas everyone!
all day nigga.... Oligarchs money!
Why would you doubt following your dreams... It is only the Devil's scheme to keep you from waking to each day excited about living.
Charles Barkley always so honest lol
I don't want a bird or a sheep, I want a MAN
If regular humans could interact with me as if they were not students, that would be a good thing.
i forgot what it was. shoot it to me
A7 Depends on where I'm at. Public transport when i can.
haha okay i'm here at home lol I shall see you shortly my dear :)
9/11... War on terrorism continues and we will win!
Jesus, the first and last.
Just walked into McDonalds with no pants on:D
i'll be there! Let's link for sure
FASHION TIP: Cute socks (under boots & heels) are the rage this season, invest in some fun pairs to update your look.
Wednesday Wellness: COLOR MEDITATION "Identify which color you feel you "need" in order to balance your physical, emotional or mental...
She's got everything delightful
One thing I want before I die, is to totally not be aware of the moment I die
Just got back from North Star, today was awesome \m/
thank you for your effort!
Carroll Shelby was also one of our greatest exponents and connoisseurs of America's unofficial national dish: *chili*!
GIC started off great, now on a break till things get going non stop in a few hours. Praise God for smoothies to keep us going!
Doug Collins: "Our young guys just keep growing, and they're really becoming men."
The Dhammapada~ For hatred does not cease by hatred at any time hatred ceases by love - this is an old rule.
My day was okay i guess... im glad to be put of school. Im ready for thursday! How was your day?(;
Happy Black History Month
The AAUP 2012 Faculty Salary Survey bothers me because it's only showing part of the picture; what about all the adjunct faculty?
its time to take this series back to NY
Happy Birthday!!!
Hey I came across 2 of your movies. I didn't watch em though, i need to know where u live by, lookin 4 hotels. call me
I can smell da Summertime n da air!!!
oh cool ha
Oh interesting. Could be a weird coincidence, but I'm going to make some contacts about it...
They lost me at the first "O yeah!"
the pic is protected.. can't see it infortunately
Will the real Terrence Jones please stand up?
I have finished recording, and now the album is off for its finishing touches:)
at work, u know u never came got those cookies
STOP STARING AT ME EVERY TIME I PASS YOU IN THE MORNINGS AND WISPER TO THE PPL I USED TO KNOW! say it to my face and stop asking dumb things
I see your truly colors shining through...
Yes he is. “: is blas still figthin tomorrow?”
Have you tried BIG RED'S STEAKS??? Best philly cheese steaks in Madison!! Order through S2YD.com and get FREE fries w/ any sandwhich
If erection last longer than 4 hours get medical help or jus go rod some shit out
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mommies out there, including my own!
good luck and have fun
RT : Fuck Star Wars & Avengers, we lost a Beastie Boy today, people. RIP MCA
Tom Pagnozzi's nephew!
Um, like 15 years ago.
I want to go see the lucky one ... and looks like you guys are going to have to come with!
pizza hut moving too slow..im starving
Peace, kindness and love to all. Today will be a great day!! ;-))
“: If City beat Wolves now, the title WILL be decided by who wins next weekend. Great for the neutrals. Not for moi.”
Packing. Vacation starts tomorrow.
Hey guys! Who wants to give me a shout out?? (;
awww, thank you. Glad you liked it. :-)
Subway is clearly for lovers.
1.) in the library. 2.) what do i even do first??
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since yesterday :/ I hope he's okay <3
i had my son at home but it's kool tho
God is SO amazing! Sovereign.
lol Z dont get caught or if not... U CANT TWEET!! ... but I doubt u will notice my tweets #muchlove #PlzFollow :) #SWAG #LuvYa :D
"Someplace to be Flying" by Charles de Lint. Very different...
Tonight sucks.
Just got back from Fantabuloso and it was amazing I even got to touch hand :D
Come in today and get a therapeutic massage to start your weekend off right. Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your $10 off coupon.
they put laxatives in the ketchup or something
that's what I'm workin on cuz!! What u on today fam?
He's right though.....1am is just too late. I feel that way now that NFL ends at midnight on Sun/Mon re: Herd
Like, that awesome website? That amazing website you could never live without? We're dyin' here wondering.
That's true. But it is possible to keep focus and still enjoy the ride.
Great to see & tonight at The Barrel Sunday night mic in Sherman Oaks. Check it out!
Good luck tomorrow! :D
I didn't think James Neal was gunna get suspended
When you follow so many #Colorado tweeters, you just have to accept the liberal use of "epic."
Grizzlies! Let's go!
Like BBM RT : My favorite feature of iMessage is the little "read" indicator. I wish everyone would turn it on. It saves communication.
Wow the Hoover twin tank steam mop really is awesome. It cleans the floors really good
Its not ok to wear a boot to show a fake injury..: You can't reveal results of drug tests in college.Privacy issues
finished initial review of #doinitinthepark footage! might need some more material though...
In Sandra <3 The horses!
5 minute class.
haha yeah.. i went to kings vs canucks when i was in LA for the rose bowl so if they win the cup that would b sweet
“Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so.” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
might wanna google that and see who been rocking the name for years my g
we forget our dreams sometimes...... sometimes we just forget to dream....
If u tell the truth it becomes a part of ur past.If u lie it becomes a part of ur future
Morning Glory=disappointing. Harrison Ford whispered & growled thru entire movie. Need good rentals. Suggestions?
Pain only hurts if there open wounds otherwise it's just fatigue....smh
When I'm around him all I can think about is him
CONGRATES I DO LUV BEING A MOMMY GREATEST THING IN LIFE HUGS TO U
Goal of the Day: Find 20 minutes each day to just sit and read a book. It's a great way to relax and have some personal time!
completely forgot it was cinco de mayo yesterday. lol
From my heart to the heavens, Jesus be the center. It's all about you.
Cover letter writing!
nope, it may have started there but I distinctly heard it as it passed my lips. I think I snarled as well.
2nd Panel: Spark Talks: Constellation of Advocates-Emerging Trends and Rapid Technologies in the Baltimore Region
Reputation is for time but character is for eternity. – J. B. Gough
It was okay not so good but not so bad. How was yours?
The May issue of has a great 2 page spread on walking and techniques! You can get more out of it with proper form.
No. She thinks you look like a monkey with no hair. MT : So, Audrey thinks I look like a monkey?
Happy Friday everyone. Have a great weekend.
SAAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!! OH MY GOSH! I MISS YOU SO MUCH!
It's at 10 not 11 -listening to Roll it Girl now to get ready for Miami Carnival in the Gardens meeting!”
what was it like starring in all three high school musicals ?
SUMMER SALE !!!! WE HAVE UP TO % 45 DISCOUNT ON ALL ITEMS...:)
Thank you!
Ugh. Do people confuse Colorado State University and University of Colorado?
“Do you have to open graves to find girls to fall in love with?” The Mummy (1932)
Aww thank you! :)
I'll never be Mrs. Future Mahone. At least I can dream of being 's wife. :')
Cubs Win! Hey you should keep going to games, you're clearly the Cubs good luck charm :P
pretty view of the water!
Did you attend 's session on Discoverability? Talked a lot about similar ideas. Excellent post, thanks for sharing.
Tabs with the two run homer!
Tie it up
Aargh! SO many new things I want to share from Twitter with those who don't yet tweet. Keep the great sites coming!
thank you very much
its uploaded to my members page :) available for download only...
so has anyone answered?
easy now inferior my ass check the score
Wknd traffic has started. Just a gorgeous day!
Need background for a Monday shoot. message me if interested.
nigga u fat
So glad Wikipedia is back. How else am I supposed to research? The library?
It tastes good, just gotta work on an appearance now. I wonder can I design something?<U+E420>
Track meet today,,trying to get to
The power of intention and prayer is greatly amplified when two or more people pray together.
100K followers with only 3 tweets? When will this trend?
That was a business move for tickets. Felton hurt me more to me. He ran the team well. Did like Gallo too.
Hoping to see your smiling faces tomorrow at 10am to learn about our newest coffee, Columbia El Meridiano Microlot!
Any other night and they'd be mine.
1-800-PRINTING IS NEW YORK CITY #1 CLUB PRINTER! PRINTING AND GRAPHIC DESIGN SPECIALS!!!
never man . He is kool .
#dcweek very cool presentation about
Robin Williams on Letterman, love 'em both
Nothing Bro..!@
can i sing you both a song via typing? ANSWER FOR YES, DONT ANSWER FOR YES (preferably answer) x
I dont like is so raw!
speedy recovery for my Uncle Jasen
I'm sure no matter which country wins, he will visit the other countries in years to come, but I'm still worried ...
Absolutely. Anytime work better for you? My schedule is pretty flexible later today and Thursday.
you're welcome :)
“: Junior Seau. Shocked. He was a wrecking ball on the field.” apparently in his personal life as well.
why is dat
Curved headsets. Really, should I be online?
Watching Kentucky lose in any sport is fun. Lady Vols by 31.
u still going?
Hipster barista says I have "cool hair"
Students have access to more than just textbooks for learning. Digital flashcards, iPad and iPhone apps help students succeed.
I wonder what it's like to be one of those people excited to be ringing the New York Stock Exchange closing bell.
Yes! No lights or electricity allowed!
Bob Marley Pandora is officially my new favorite.... don't know why I never created it sooner. Can't go wrong with good reggae.
at the same damn time :)
Happy Friday! Have a great weekend!
I love You
Be conscious of what you allow into your subconscious!
RT : Today is Earth Day. Which means you can probably find Wind and Fire down at the bar being bitter and jaded
Yes. Episode 508 in reg. & HD. Just checked again. Both are functional.
My aunt is on twitter O_o
I second that :) it would make my day RT : So will the mail vlog be posted today? Please?
haha, thank you! :-)
I can't believe the released you, they don't know how to handle talent
no surprise... wins Best Overall Site at #mw2012 Huge congrats and well-deserved!!
can't wait to hear it! Love ur music
Life has taught me that
Look for the announcement of official Fan Club!
I am freakin' tired today! I don't think it gets any better this week though. Not a bad thing! EROCK
Jones: "To build the business case for social insurance, we must incorporate social insurance into sustainability goals"
Need a good cry....watch "coming home" on the lifetime channel
Yes it was
#R.I.P to all the people that died on 9-11. <333
how fun it's almost Vegas time getting very excitied
Eminem sleeper star of #SuperBowl ads. I'm on my way to buy a car and drink some tea. #Lipton and
Thrilled about the kickass day ahead of me but bummed I can't be 2 places at once. It's Brookland community yard sale day!!
I don't like texting
if you think that's crazy try talking to cust on the phone as your job then you see crazy!! lol
Let's go Arkansas!
Like a week still :( haha thats a long time :P
is now tweeting! Tell your friends to follow us.
It seems to me that I've lived my life like a french fry in the wind.
weird people >
hi! "unix photos biker perl" so with the exception of perl, I must say: brilliant ;-)
I'm lost. Not physcially, but mentally.
Yankees better get a win today or the have no chance or coming back to Bronx.
Salads made, quinoa cooked, muffins baking, veggies chopped. Ready for the rest of a VERY busy week.
Interview went well! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love that she's all IN during her mommy season though. I just can't seem to do it.
So happy 2morrow is Friday :)
I'm still dancing and it's only Thursday baby!
Gridlock could be just what this country needs. The "Do Nothing" plan.
whatever it is sucks to be you
thanks for the response though. If your not at work than I hope your on vacation!
Home stretch then I'm done, I gotta keep going and stay motivated
#Billy Crystal LOL to "your name here theatre" - so weird that it's nameless right now. We are right down the street right now! ---Anna
Update: it seems that Wonderful Brenda is in fact a real postmistress. Some people have promised to check if she receives SB's postcard.
If there's an algorithm for American->British punctuation I would love to know where it is.
lml, lets ask him .
have you tries green smoothies?
I like spanish/mexican candy:/
did you come back with any "classic" Australian tunes, newly learnt or appreciated?
We are pleased to announce that Sponsorship Opportunities are available at Analytrix& HPLC 22-24 Oct, 2012 at Chicago, USA.
yes you will. Bringing a bottle and some hot dog buns. Lol
I didn't like them at first, but they're growing on me.
I have to agree with every charge!
That was my post on Buzzfeed. Have you and ever met?
Thanks! Let me know if you make anything with Loom!
Yay! We've very excited! Have a great Thanksgiving.
Lmmmaaoo why are you grounded?
I wonder how early is too early to ask about the Comic-con Aushole party???
thanks shadderz<3 you're good with advice!
I blame you, strange kinky Merlin porn from wonderfully organised and tagged Merlin kink meme
Best tip from #ProsComeHome: Create relationships with your professors >> take advantage of office hours!
love the sweater, where's it from?
Happy Friday.
dont get all mushy on me now lol
you can't use both.
If you like edm --> Spencer & Hill/Nadia Ali - Believe It (Cazzette remix)
If Barbie is so popular, then why do you have to buy her friends?
I was thinking about your flops... No, Yay was to Toni's come and visit comment.
you will make me like the happiest person ever if you follow me
Check out all my new YouTube videos
lol and i thought it was cute when he tweeted a fan "Happy Birthday babe" <33333333333
Good Thursday morning #AVTweeps!
Every moment in time remind your self you are living in gratitude.
who is your favorite squad member in the series? If you HAD to pick?
I wanna go back to holiday world!!!
good night(:
#schoolmemories being the teachers favorite >:)
Does anyone know if the #AIMS or #CREW workshop tweets from last week are available anywhere?
Who loves Chinese food? I love it so much I would marry a chinese girl for it <U+E340> actually taking some to work <U+E106>
hi how are u from where are you
You are becoming Upstate NY's UX rockstar! Congrats!
I know right.
When you get a penis picture that you didn't ask for and dude have the nerve to be on flat, isn't that one of the
Happy Fourth of July!
All of us are trying 2 figure a way to game the test. Standards-based instruction (ELA) does not translate 2a bubble test
#ToBeHonest screamo music makes me calm.
Yes! I Love what God does with hearts!
sure. Help me with getting closer to 800 followers?
The Loveable Rogues
Was just told my computer looks brand new and that I could probably sell it at $700...any takers?!?
I'm learning more and more how to properly deal w/ ignorant ppl
I hate that one pretty girl at my school that every guy is dying to date.
People want to kno why i dnt tlk to a lot of old friends .... I simply just dnt fuk wit fake hoes...
another dps training, another day of learning how to select all and search. is this for real?
New, fresh strawberries just came in from Salinas/Victorville! YUM!!!
just found out my senior portfolio presentation is due tmrw...
Great news! Congratulations, Cindy!
Will #timthomas be the difference today in the #redwings vs. #bruins rematch? Sources close to me say no.
This is great--I'm so glad we connected. Go for serendipity!
this guy is! Make my week
My step-mother encouraged me to push my products harder then last year. I will do it without doubt
I'm in cape cod and thinking of ordering a cape cod from the bartender just to be a dick.
How much did you get yours btw?
to ride my ripstick
yeah that was my reaction too!! Soon followed by a happy dance lol :)
oh thats good to hear :)
Meet Abbey - A Yorkshire Terrier Yorkie Mix in Laton, CA...she needs a loving home!
I also have extremely dry skin so I feel ur pain.When u say u will break u out, does that mean that ur sensitive to products?
salute! Thanks for the luv! Hope all that goes your way also!
I'm quite annoyed that #onedirection 's fans are a bunch of little girls.. they're music is too good for that. Its all about their songs!
Well yeah. He was a Marine -.-
You are so sweet! have a great weekend :)
lmao cold blooded (rick james voice)
The elephant in the room RT If anyone hailing 4-team playoff is willing to bet their net worth it'll stay 4 over thru 2025....
: how about partnering up w/ to provide "Text-to-Pay" monthly Rent via text message for your renters?
. Great to see you as well "Awesome Dawson!"
thank you for the rt--- did you dm me your address? I'm happy to hook you up!
got it. its great. you singing in it made it even better. you blended well. it was worth it. u done a great job with her.
this 1 is bad ass!
it scares me too.. my heart just hurt thinking about it.
hahaha it was like crap here we go. You guys get a TD we lose 30 yards lol
O darn if I would've left a lil earlier I would've had time to get a fish sandwich,shrimp,crab legs and some fries..maybe tomorrow :)
Great cover story in the 6/13/2011 issue of CQ Weekly on US voters' ignorance of how the federal budget works and its policy implications.
hello Mr. Tobias ;) hahaa, follow please? x
Cuz of that massive head of yours :p
Wish this game would end So we CAN get an update on !!!
Sure, and thanks for asking!
The entrepreneurial shift includes great resources at our fingertips. We have the ability to reach thousands of people for free...
Jesus taught forgiveness, mercy, humility. The Christian church teaches condemnation, retribution, and punishment by death.
Awesome listening to Stephen Miles, Vice Chairman of Heidrick & Struggles, share about career moves, mentors that matter and transitions.
let's see how sexy niallhoran liampayne and zayn are in
RT : RT : Text "HAITI' to 90999 to donate $10 to This is a painless & legitimate way to help!!!
As a kid hunting for back issues back in the day, I always found Smith's books to be pricey.
we're almost done editing the interview. Hope you had a great day today! :)
BMI --> LAX for $277 -- who wants to go to sunny SoCal with me over spring break?
SCAN group will be speaking soon.
Nope. But the headless one was running from the cops. Guess cops won in the end.
I'll bet there...save me a seat.
Wassup my people?:)
RT Leaky Cellphone Nets Can Give Attackers Your Location: alphadogg writes "GSM cellular networks leak enough locat......
Thanks for voting us #2 best coffee house in 614's ColumBest 2012!
#wlc11 43% don't know or care who will be Republican presidential nominee
Thinking South Africa right now.
happy birthday to a legend
Probably almost quit because this guy intimidated him in a 2005 WIAA playoff game! (we lost 49-7)
Totally geeked out over
wish I knew the answer to that..we'll have to wait and see.
“: Early to bed & early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy & wise. -English Proverb” your point? #lol ;)
With so many people out of work. Our goal is to help people. We now invite you to join SmartGuy.com for FREE. It's all about helping others.
yea it's down for me as well
watching Kansas vs Kentucky love basketball season!
Free Fallin' aint just a song by Tom Petty.
That's good. Saw a gorgeous heritage breed chicken either killed by a cat/dog, or hit by a car in Hampden this morning.
To Mac for breakfast <U+02C7><U+2323><U+02C7>
#tech2012 spectrum is owned by the public. Same with public rights of way for copper.
... What is sad and emotional, is that you guys carpool... Be happy and drive yourself home ! lol ! ... :) ...
My throat hurts so bad. I hate colds. They bite... the big one.
Thanks for the mention!
when will I know if I have one?
How many different ways can you make your customers feel important?
Hey Sister
“ oh yeah edit...I'm on your rt! Lol and I'm sober!!”
Tweet number 1600
@ why am i not drunk wit CaLiiBaBii?
How you instantly get tired after crying
I just realized I really like disco music.
get ur ASS in gear....xoxo! ;)
PLEASE COME JOIN US AT OUR BACK TO SCHOOL NIGHT IN RIVERSIDE AND ENTER FOR A CHANCE TO WIN AN IPOD SHUFFLE! DM ME FOR MORE INFORMATION.
Sixth Man!
Does anyone besides use the word #Longevity ?? lol
Spoiler! See Who Went Home on Dancing With the Stars
that's deep, how do you really feel ?
My work password has now officially included everyone of my sisters names.
Thanks for the RT! We're honored for Yehuda Bauer to speak about the #Holocaust today at
Bummed that Randy Macho Man Savage didn't make it to see world end tomorrow :)
Doing the most!
You're welcome. I most certainly am! :-)
Just watched someone turn on their left turn signal and change lanes, into the right lane...
The thing I miss most right now!! My friends!!
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations. - Benjamin Disraeli
Enjoying the last few minuets I have of being a twelve year old :(
": Mixed da Molly wit da Lean and now I'm no longer tired"is the shit good bro
It's OPENING NIGHT for "Someone Who'll Watch Over Me"? Call 414-278-0765 for tickets!
The first five days after the weekend are always the hardest.
Thanks bro!
Thanks so much for your support. Your friends at
Hey there! Long time no see.... been MIA for awhile. Doing well?
Went to the MacWorld Show today, found new video editing software to try for my next video, due out next week, "Wild Cards on Ancestry.com"
2012 free will become the norm
FOLLOW BACK BRUH.. AND CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
your weirdness makes me love you so much more than anyone else!
I'm thinking ahead, of drums and percussion and a great music town. #PASIC 2012 is coming to Austin Oct 31 - Nov 3. #PercussiveArts yeah!
Just found out am going to Disney for New Years and a cruise in the summer!!!!!!
Ready for tonight
Z. In other news, it's Friday. RT : Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
DUCKS to take home ROSES and don't BADGER me about it!
Yea I agree, but from what I've experienced FB ads and sponsored stories were effective in increasing awareness and traffic.
Sweet! RT : finally tried... loved it...can't wait to show my family
Food to the hungry twice today!
Congrats! That's awesome
Hello Columbus! Ah.. finally Thursday.
lol what do u like
is another good comedy!
Closing Time will be in #AnnArbor today!! Look for us for some #FREE tshirts, bottle openers and samples of Closing Time!!!
_ nails a jumper at the buzzer to give the #Blazers a 99-97 win over the #Mavs in OT.
i just saw the picket line photos.how coule people b so blind? how could they say things like that? who r they to judge u????
night world
Speaking of L trains, I discovered some very, very sad news while at Union Station for National Train Day...
Can DM explain why Kauffman had the second highest payroll in baseball in this market? Wish I could've heard that followup
I'm only tweeting if I get a message directed to me sent to my phone, or if I have a question regarding school stuff.
is in the summer issue of giving his take on the direction of the diversity profession. Pick up a copy today!
Y did ppl think tiger would return at a major? He needs a warmup tourney, plus too much distraction if 1st tourn back is masters or us open
Fantastic! Outstanding leadership capacities of notable Pueblo Indian women were highlighted through their own stories
I just found a big bottle of dr. pepper, diet coke and sprite in my fridge. No regular coke...??
by stafford . text me .
pffft, saturday school my ass
More packs of 3 Mega Millions lottery tickets to give away,, tune in and be ready to win, Generations 1023/94 1 978-1023 when I tell you.
At this point in life I despise young people while having equal distain for older people. Is the what the blues song "Crossroads" was about?
Don’t be fooled by the colorful packaging and deceptive labeling of beverages. Many of the products are simply sugar water.
Happy 30th Birthday to Sandy! Welcome to the Nerdy Thirty club (I joined Dec. 26th).
I hope Kentucky fans enjoy this title for the 2 to 4 years it's valid.
woo I cant wait!!
IM OUT YALL
Charles Haddon Spurgeon~ The Lord gets His best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction.
hey i just saw you at lunch lol
You're welcome & GOOD morning! :)
We become addicted to being accepted by an ego driven society
when hoes met sally
If You Cant Handle My Worst You Aint Getting My Best ,
LIVE: Tweeting the Congressional #French Caucus. Starting at 10:00am EST. Stay tuned!
Breaking mental chains hoping to get working brains
I've never had a bb so I can't compare but I LOVE my iPhone!!
Britney Spears looks HORRIBLE nowadays
Nice catch!
Just listened to all the songs by I could find. You guys are truly amazing! <U+E328>
my god i love meeting with people who know how to write a survey. thanks Institutional Research!
He's Just Not That Into You was a really good movie. Much better than I expected it to be
The IHOP Line Looks Like Niggas Been Camping Out For Pancakes..
thank you for laughing!
Watch the New Champions of YouTube!
Just witnessed jit at my school get confronted by the dude smashin his chick ! An he standing there w/the "#iEatAssFace" hahahah
Also, thanks for connecting on here! Hope your week is off to a grand start!
I know i am. Unlike u. Oh BURN
Man i just found out wit BBL mean
#ChoiceStreets love for
you arn't funny
Just saw a monster truck in advanced autos parking lot... No joke. O_o
oh stop, when you say things like that it really makes me wish you tweeted me more often!! :$
i don't get why his view on this is getting so much coverage...we care because????
Leadership is about creating habits that make you more effective so you can focus on the growth of others.
So good to see you!! hope you had a lovely birthday!! :-)
must be planet fitness haha
let's plan a day to go. I'm serioussas
dear dmv workers, please disregard those whiny, unprepared, jerks who blame you for things in their life being harder than they have to be.
Stephen A. has called us boring old & made fun of Patty Mills & Tiago Splitter & yet the Spurs are stil beating the Suns W/O the Big 3.
not the shoulder
We just creative spirits, that's the way GOD made us.
Of course!
One dollar bills coming out her asshole #ghettomusic <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hey #DodgerFam are you following us on instagram? For great pics of your #Dodgers & favorite players. Please follow
Dont treat me like dem "other niggas" Or ima treat you like dem "other Bitches"
Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon split after 27 years of marriage. There's no hope for any of us.
I can't believe tomorrow starts my last week in high school.
and what has prompted this response?
hey Alex can u please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday it would mean a lot!
we're always open to new writers. feel free to toss me an email at
NOT ANYMORE. I ADOPTED MYSELF SO HA!
i hate haters that hate ppl who hate haters lol
I'm waiting to see how long it takes the NC SC to rule it's unconstitutional.
that was cool as the fam - let's see if we can't link up again b4 the end of the month. i'm ready when u r!
So i had a dream that i moved to San Antonio and became like bestfriends with you and and it was so cool <3
cute and can't ask a million questions, good choice. My sis's bf hates me right now ha ha
Thanks for helping spread the word!
all time favorite here haha
The possibility of an Eataly coming to Chicago is very exciting!
Lady Gaga admitted that she smokes weed while writing songs.....Must be why she keeps forgetting they've already been written by Madonna.
I quite frankly don't wanna be at herron and my bus pass is expired anyway
Larry Johnson announces that libraries will be included in the Horizon Report within 18 mos!!!
The taxi ads with an obnoxious woman yelling to my driver to change direction are really pissing me off.
or Iowa...
You can't lose what you never had, you can't keep what's not yours & you can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Paintball – an inspiration for crime and violence — Paintball Blog
In the mood for some GOOD fried fish, suggestions??
#schoolmemories runnign from cpos and the deans in the old woodward tryna skip class
I was going to say, I would love to take you to coffee if you were here to take about #PR! Maybe next time!
follow me that's where I tweet:)
Dont think so..
hope you feel better
I baby sat all day, and night. The only thing I want to do is sleep for an hour, why can't I do that?! Bitch
#3WordsForYou Back Off Me
haha no. my bud's dad built Chris' house so we got to sit in their "friends n family" section. A room full of alcohol though!
The mix is just as crucial as any production, just like the color can make or break an edit
- Things are going very well, thanks! Let me know how we can help you too! Keep us posted and we'll be thinking of you!
You two sound like me this morning, yelling at my cheek for having acne. I'm sure this beer will help...
GO FLYERS GO BABY BOOOOYAAAAA LET'S DO THIS BOYS
Ball don't lie...! LoL
it was a bar...but like UFO
: Return the favor follow us
I hate it when I realize I used the word "great" twice in a one line email.
Found out the problem is a bug in Safari, which is what I was using! Switched to Firefox and it seems to be good now :) Thanks
Wordpress is awesome #Wordpress Blog on there. Thanks for tweet
"Did it take?"
place looks awesome. I'll go there Monday probably.
Working hard all year really isn't paying off
#Elementary When my cat died.
Cookout at 3 last night was not a good idea
blasting fun.'s new CD and trying to pound out the last of this essay
I want to open a bakery. :) RT I'm pretty sure I just gained 20 lbs by looking at all the food you just pinned
thank you!!! needing some inspiration.
Less than 19 days: RT : The show is only days away. Who'll be joining us in Detroit at the booth?
What's up dude?
#RoyalWedding ...I saw Katherine's eyes flash when the bishop pronounced them "man and wife" instead of "husband and wife".
sorry what about the rumors?
That seems like the right thing to do. But then I don't have any furniture for living room!
why is the cheating whore in "hes just not into you" HAS to be named ANNA?!?!?!? damn it
How is everyone..? (: I don't use this twitter anymore.. Don't have time.
are you off dm limit yet??
This blows don't feel good been getting sick allday :/
Yeah do it - or email it - and can you add my facebook acct as developer/admin to any 'app' you're building. (please)
"Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful." John Wooden (1910-2010) Rest in peace.
I Think It's Time You Know I Exist!^.^ Either Way I Still Love You Alot!<U+2764>
That's great! I always forget of Jefferson and Lafayette square. Any indoor spaces you'd recommend as a backup?
We are stoked that everyone had a great turkey day! Hopefully you're still full from dinner.
China now largest mobile market : Business development impact on multinational law firms
I'd never been to an audition before.. a grotesque carnival of human misery..
Do they (the refs) just not like ?!
YOU LUCKY BOY.
Playing pacman makes me scream when those ghost are after me!hahaha..:)
can you follow me? because you have too many followers for me to talk to you.
Margaret Mitchell~ Until youve lost your reputation you never realize what a burden it was.
Hahaha, omfg, my cousin made me listen to that today, so funny. SHE RATCHET!
hope that went well!
This is exactly what i am talking about. RT: grabbed his shiznit.Hightailing it back to LI. Stopping@ the
we're running normal times...20-30 depending on your location
I know right? I would beat the absolute shit out of them if I ever met who did it.
Sell Privately? Or Use a Real Estate Agent? Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home. When you sit down and consi
Antibodies can be the cause of implantation issues. After ASKING, RE said, "yes, we can check for that." Annoying I had to ask
u ain't never lie!
so your just on twitter at 2 30 in the am for no reason. Whata loser
Why yes, I am jamming to the Backstreet Boys right now, thanks for asking :)
Never lower your standards to meet someone's expectations.
Ok. Will look for her to contact me.
Belly Dance Classes Start Today! We're going to make this a thing, as Barney Stinson would say.
and we hope you had fun at the Geek Gala!!
"Um is this that Nickelodeon band?" Ha, why yes it IS Big Time Rush!
#s/o 2 on breakin his 1st platinum mixtape! most under-rated rapper out there right now
I'm going to chuck away all my devices and run away into the unknown.
CD Workshop tonight with Marnie Saitta. :)
U cant stop the waves, but u can learn to surf
I know, I know. It's been a hell of a run. Good luck in Philly.
Now I Know What Wasz Talking About (:
Had a Fantastic instructor meeting! Really Experienced Teachers and Wonderful Folks!
Just bought a nice cover for my Iphone on ebay. Great place to buy stuff for the Iphone. Better than amazon.. :) Good Night!!!
Don't be so hard on yourself. Your instincts are there for a reason. I know it's tough to listen to them.
One thing that "bugs" me is questions that start with "How are people using___" People are all different, so people use things differently.
Brass Monkeys tonight.
#eminence Thanks so much! Looking forward to joining the EIS team!
I ain't even mad, oh wait I'm writing an essay, I'm pretty damn mad
Check out our deals on Living Social ......:)
You can either complain about the work or do the work not both- you either want the project or you want to be home
not a spoiler! his beauty makes me sad :p
well i don't watch jersey shore, i think its kinda stupid. i got other things to watch lol
#BRING1DTONYC cmon guys, it even rhymes! trend it!
empty the clip on her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
thanks for the apology. I still have Philip love, I was just a little offended and shocked that you would say that. XO
Give Precious a break...watching her kid must be exercise. Shes working smarter not harder
copy>paste This is , you know? Hails bestfriend anyway. You should follow this girl because she is the...
HI Thank you so much for your follow. GOOD LUCK with your release!!!!!
I'm having the kind of day where I feel like maybe Charles Bukowski had all the answers...I need to go home and go to bed.
Yes, that's why I never run on a treadmill :) I'm outdoors, rain, shine, snow, hail, bring it :)
I miss the old me:'(
Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be truly happy with what you have.
Yeah but who though?
loved you once,love you still,always have ..always will <3
Set's going up & actors are rehearsing on all cylinders. It's all coming together. Who's gonna be there? 4 shows only.
aw you got a cold did u take anything for it yet
19 hours straight to Montana. Step it up bud.
Wrecked 'Em? Damn Near Killed 'Em!
GO GET EM.
Okay, american, you're winning me back. Was already rebooked to an earlier flight bc mine was already delayed. A+
Madness,pure madness...Lol!
This has to be a joke...ESPN NCAAF - Mountain West and Conference USA agree to consolidate for 22-member football conference
Again, grandstand all you want... but you haven't given me any reason to think that my assumptions re trauma are wrong.
“: I bet Tebow can get Chick-fil-a on Sunday.”
I emailed on Friday - would love to attend the shindig. Congrats on 10 fab years! xo
Brand Name Groceries for Free www.downowinfo I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info Ya gotta eat !!
Just confirmed comedian for #RITBrickCity 2011! Stay tuned for announcement!
Had Christmas songs in my head all day. AH.One more time.AH. Need to play something else quick and erase it from my head!
Kol HaOt looks forward to greeting "Camp Micah" teens tomorrow at our "Mentschmaker, Mentschmaker, Make Me a Mentsch" program.
: Every time you create a text message you increase your chances of arthritis.... we are screwed
i would like more but in like 3-4 years...
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing the photos. I'm going to be there with my son in 2 weeks.
strolling through the Marigny headed to Gene's for a Po'Boy
That "Breeze" just blew in.... Name it, Claim it... and grab a pen...!
Why. Why why why do I keep feeling compelled to get into arguments with people on fb. (This time it's about Animal Farm.)
SLUMBER PARTY!!!
#nyy #yankees guys that's why the answer to beating the shift is simply laying down bunt. It doesn't alter your power stroke. Baseball 101
www.mwishartpi.com. My specialty is finding people. M Wishart Investigations is a full service investigative firm.
Am I the only one who has a bad habit of looking at Twitter during writing time? What time of day do you reserve for your WIP?
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
People started liking josh h. after his roll of petta. Bitches I have loved him sence the first movie I have ever seen him in. so back off!
Where's a good Middle Eastern restaurant in Seattle?
you fool. That phrase stands for the acknowledgment that people believe. It does not condone a particular dogma. Fool
Apparently sidewalk pooping is the new popular urban sport.
#GoodMorning A new day to make another dollar. Early morning grind time. Another audition today.
RT : Adding a shirtless Anderson Cooper dancing around in a fireman's hat would only make this halftime show 0.2 percent more gay.
I look better in photos than I do in person. It doesn't bother me.
Thanks! Tho the b-day was abt 2 weeks ago :)
April is Earth Month! Now thru April 30, 25% of ALL orders will be donated to Clean Water Action of MN!
#ThingsweallLOVE falling in love with the 1!!!
Long ass boring day.. But this beat banga bout to kill itt tho
thanks so much! Have a great week (I know your Monday is almost over) :)
I expected to see your picture in the wall..
I only got a couple pictures of people #hatting :( I NEED more! Come on people! help me out(: Youll be on my background(: !!!!!
Working on pt 2 of my indie rock list today. If we're lucky, I'll finish and post it tonight!
hehehe thank you. :)
Tweeting like a boss
they kissed ? the hell.
#astd10. Look for me at the celebration. I will be the one in pants.
Fun stunt audition yesterday then an awesome Casting Director workshop with Jordan Bass :)
Gambino Grammar Nazi -- RT : *You're RT : Your an idiot.
Somebody DM me something sweet. .
Tell me im your national anthem.
God is not slack concerning His promises. If He said it, He will do it.
Hitting sheets, my two cats are being bed hogs. Goodnight tweeters.
stuff I already teach...History(I start Pre Hip Hop, like Calloway),4 elements,instruments(decks,samplers,etc),record study
Aiden has a dentist appointment today. I can only pray that we have no meltdown. The joys of
CONDRAGULATIONS ON YOUR FIRST HASHTAG! “: thanks Jackie. That was my first hashtag. #gettingthehangofthis.”
Did u get your Royal Ink gift certificates?! Don't miss out!! $50 will get u an $80 value tattoo!! It's a no-Brainer!! (216) 673 - 1550
Buffalo's heartache?
Lost Dog ??? - $500 Reward ??? the Poodle is lost in 56789.
Ron Carle from ICMA: Relationships and integrity are the most important elements for successful local govt leadership
Headed to session on strategic leadership in online learning.
Ty Lawson cooking
“: Thanks for the drink we <3 you” / our pleasure! Thanks for stopping in.
Classes r great though looking 4ward 2 the end of this semester. You? RT : How are classes?
Someone didn't enjoy the #Top10 plays today. RT : White powder found in 3 packages at ESPN's mail facility
omg i can't believe its over! :'(
My whole back is red <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
giggle giggle scream beer that is my reenactment of the reunion.
what is an alternate reality game? tell us, !
RT if oh have blue eyes and wish people would see what really on the inside, not whats on the outside. xoxo, AM
This dude is making love to this atm! What the fuck
A favorite "rose through the ranks" tale: Ken Moore, chair of musical instruments at Met Museum, was originally a guard
Witnesses: you "win" a deposition with ur BRAIN, not your mouth. So shut up and learn how to listen/think.
el burro hablando de orejas m.
The Play of the Game: Michigan State's miraculous Hail Mary vs. Wisconsin OR Albert Pujols 3 home runs?
A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up - Mae West
im in love with someone
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 9
You can find open engineering positions on my Twitter!
Off to the Confirmation service. I am privileged to read the verses each of these young people chose to express their faith!
So tell me darling do you wish we'd fall in love?When were apart what ever are you thinking of?What will it take to break this hint of love?
Also, ran into an employee while waiting for my bus who remembered me stopping in at 48th and forest home a few weeks ago... feels great!
I am!! Thank youu!!!
What do you call an aardvark in a frying pan? A lardvark!
: We need you out there! I really love seeing you play. We miss you in the 18! That makes two of us
oh okay :(
this week we will get it done for sure.
Not dealing with #smalltownusa is an excellent feeling today. I am so glad I live closer to Chicago.
he pass it to him because that's HIS friend it's hard to score on a team when you have a coexist on the same team
WEsNDY WAS MY 1ST CLASS ND I HAD Afew ppl SHOW UP YET I HAV 20 PEOPLE SIGNED UP 2 MY CLASS.N MOSTLY ALL GOT BACK 2 ME ON SHOWIN UP THIS WEEK
. Very fun question, ! My film adaptation wish list would include THE TIGER'S WIFE, STATE OF WONDER and PREP.
I'm on iPhone :(
AMEN I just lost 60 and Im learning although its great its not all about skinny xoxo u look amazing ur beaut ...
Houston flashback! Capers at podium talking about Packers first round pick Nick Perry, Charley Casserley on monitor above him!
I'm excited for my next #photoshoot tomorrow in
Which national park in the Sunshine State is the only national park that is made up of 95% water?
Baxter and I are single
#well #goodnight #sad to #see this weekend #go :(
that sounds good. I could go for some nachos. Julie and I went there once before
M what time and where? :) how much $ should i bring?
i would but i cant get that many people to follow you.. sorry.. how bout 5 for 5???? :(
meeeh u get to go lol I'm busy tomorrow :O
Bitch sounds so much better in english then in spanish.
what is the red stain on that chair????
Had a good time w Jen. It feels good to be bros...:) Going to see Evan Reeds Play tonigjt.
Agreed. RT : Some nights the live-tweets / online conversations are as interesting as the panel.
new Albanian off grant line rd. upside down pizza and pretzels w beer cheese. Do it
aww that sucks :c
Trying Google+ for yet another run. Haven't been able to make it stick in my social media rotation, but could be so important for search.
thank you :)
that singing (sanging) voice..just caught that Keith Murray..Nobody Do It Better...sigh...
About to go "Office Space" on the copy machine!
- thanks for being so sweet & sharing the ivy jeanne love! <3 best of luck on the rest of tour.
Ur so pathetic.
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Be sure and check out bar tonight! A great Thursday night & looking forward 2 talking with them about some ideas!
There’s more to being on twitter than just being pretty. Although that definitely helps.
Looking for guest bloggers to share their insights on successfulblogging.com. .
I'm a guy. I don't like fags. Dierks is cool. Scotty sucks.
bro life
Thank you :)
At least there's no bull shit .
Just watched this. Loved it!
I don't want to go to class..
ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS.
Need sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I got G's rock rock n roll tees with no sleeves tats showing tucked in strap showing.
we still poke each other on fb even though i left!!
I'm bout that life tomorrow. I'll add a lil kush to the mix as well.
you shouldn't have left.
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week (Part 3):
Got some extra time? Prime & paint our new Fat Bike corral and get a FREE 4-hour rental! Stop in Friday am! I love Bartering : )
Happy Mothers Day Paula :)
Just be honest....Even If It Hurts!!!
About to join a 2nd gym!!!
WE ARE HERE TO
The Roots killed it. So good!
great new pic of you two!! What a pair. :-)
": I need some business cards"always a good investment!
#NationalAdoptionDay We need to switch from a nation that aborts children to one that adopts children.....
soon after you get home can we please have a cupcake cooking day
Bad news: it's not Friday yet. Good news: We are #CommercialFree !
I like my job but can't stand these people I work with.
Must get motivated!
Every bag of trash left behind costs FoLT $10 that we dont have. Please pack it out, darlin'
Does NBC count all the times I have watched Parks and Rec on Netflix?
If you want to change the world in the 21st century you need to be able to work across generations
If you're not a celebrity...having more followers then you're following does not make you any more popular
I'm student teaching in Hillsboro right now!
No prob bro we show respect when theyre due. RT appreciate y'all !!!
Quinn just got much needed a reality check.
Do you struggle to speak under pressure? Get tips from Sandy Bjorgen on Wed Jan 25 bit.ly/z8Ab7D
Thunder when it's sunny outside
do you need a recipt to CHANGE something , in a hair store [ wea ve ] even though aint open it ? cause i lost that shit lol
u gonna come by. U bettr come by
Silly rabbit...Easter is for Jesus!
thanks for the great show last night. Pretty Face is a great opener. Love the smoke vinyl!
Welcome to Maney's new Twitter feed for all tweets about our #journals and books in #language, #literature and #culture!
you are such a sweetheart!
been a crusal ass week!!
Just made the echo sub-sample accurate. There's some nice comb filtering possibilities now...
On EreThang Big Joe
Mission Valley smells like someone took a dump. Must be all the Raiders fans in town.
Oomf needs to grow up!
Happy Birthday to and I love you guys!!! Hope your day was fantastic:-)
SHE'S A LADY, WOAH WOAH WOAH SHE'S A LADY
Happy Friday followers! Anyone have plans for some hiking this weekend? Give us a shout and let us know where you're headed!!
amber and I will be there too! :) -janie
. I would rather be an "Obamabot" than worry about an R president for 4 or 8 years in 2012.
yeah, that's my concern, a ton of low to mid quality work, but users will find the good stuff & share it - similar to apps
HELP!Does anyone know how2cancel a bid on EBAY?I put in a bid4a 'Mickey Mouse outfit'&now it seems i'm6mins away from owning bo&his cabinet
Oh sweet Jesus now my father is complaining about the health care bill. He claims he's not a repub but he is too susceptible to talk radio.
She already landed with Delta. She will be at Arrivals Downstairs. Does that work?
Tribal Energy Cardio is so much fun you forget that it's an intense cardio workout. Check out my DVD on Amazon or www.tribalenergycardio.com
You're a true hoe !
you both look terrific, great pic
Apparently on its way but of course not 100% til final edits. But yup!
I woke up and immediately laughed :D
he's long gone :(
thanks love<U+E022>
are you taking the #111 bus to the Chelsea #MBTA hearing tonight or the Lexus? No valet in Chelsea. Pay more ca$h get less :(
So nice to see so many children in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville! They love it!
thank you, iupui natatorium for burning my face off. i don't think my face has ever been this red.
That is why I always think I can. RT : Henry Ford Whether you think you can or whether you think you cant, youre right.
So...this is how it's gonna be. Wow.
My son also has a heart defect.
#Avalanche help Isles get .500. That's just sad!! #Avalanche should have handled this one easily!!
Off to bed. Getting ready for a Sunday on Good Morning San Diego. Join us at 6am - 10am!
Why the fuck couldnt eveyone leave me alone im sick i dont even wanna see The Avengers, thats how sick i am.
We exceeded our MFHFH goal! Thanks for the hard work, looking forward to more helping hearts in 2011.
I am not that hungover
The only thing keeping me awake right now is you. -.-
I know exactly what you mean. I do the same thing. It can't be perfect, so why do it? Put it off.
no problem bro, looking forward to hearing the whole track.
I think everyone at the office was watching the Aztecs except me. I was 2 busy tracking down Bob Marley songs 4 March Marley Madness on
Hawks doin work on Boston!
k guys imma go on my personal account now . kbailoveyaa<3
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music... To The Fight
By the beard of ZEUS!!! These oreos are just delight fly.
I think we need to hit up for their $3 tequila special on Wednesdays!
Some fella asked me why baseball is my favorite sport. Why? Because I can go from "aw shit" to "fuck yeah" in a matter of minutes.
or a talent ;) ..do u ever play #Hive?
I thought pizza was a pain killer.....
Dear I'm secretly in love with you shhhhhhh don't tell anyone lmfao I still have to come to one of your shows
As previously ranted... I also hate any and all singing shows, including Smash, The Voice and American Idol. They suck the joy from my soul
Just got done texting (via kik) with a friend visiting Turkey. So cool!
i know! I never thought i would see that side of him, but hes just asdfghjkl. Omg. Lol sexy!
#Aztecs just scored.
Goddamn I like working with google maps. The v3 api is SO GOOD.
oh man! That is so NOT fun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> I hope you feel better as well!!
- I want so much for you to meet her!
Fun day for soccer so far.... #Arsenal game was fun to watch and now watching #Liverpool. Best way to spend a Sunday morning :)
Dress cant be altered...and has a stain from the manufacturer
Is in the office... on a sunday? on Mother's Day? Hell yeah... now where is everyone else?
that could have been an emotionally crushing trip for the 76ers
Price would've been out.
I think it's safe to say memorization is not my strong point
Can't wait to see , , and many other great bands at #vanswarpedtour this july!!
Why do discount stores sell socks in plastic bags that are resealable? Do people really care about keeping the unused portion fresh?
haha and this year would have marked my 2nd anniversary as mayor! I guess it was time ;-)
Timing is everything.
Ok, I shouldnt ate that....but it was so good....sushi
That moment when you pee your pants and die of happiness because you find out that has the same birthday as you.
NO ACTAUALL YOU RACIST FUCK DO IT TO YOURSELFS:D
You already? 4 free tickets? Was that an invitation? hahaha!
do I know you?
Watched soccer match with one other guy at large Pittsburgh sports bar -- announcer said 650 million other people were watching it
Thank you! Spread the word! :)
that sounds so good!
old line already heard dat too much
Yay!!! And no, same job. Why you ask??
you know our car is way more live with 5 guys packed into the Sebring
64% off: $10 for 2 Drinks & Appetizer at DRAGONS DEN in the heart of East Village! Don't let this deal pass you by! #Drink&EatBeforeYouRage
we finally had a chance to watch the 1st & 2nd Terra Nova episodes.. LOVE it!!!! You??
Hahaha yeah I heard he'll be here later
Footlong! Who's got the footlong!
he went to town and bumped his head and couldnt get up in the morning x:
We cannot use human beings--it is that simple. It does not matter how much it costs us to stop it.
Just chillen in bed what to do today?
Vote Batman for Homecoming
LOL....I just....I just don't understand people.
You'll have to have one for me too
We thought so... but we're sort of biased that way... :) Thanks!
wait i did on tv i thought that shit was fake lbs
Am on a serious Røyksopp binge today, and loving every moment of it.
Everything - sold out!!!
#GODBLESS THOSE THAT CAN LOVE UNCONDITIONALLY
Or at least not into their librarian/archivist training.
ESS with my boy
Sitting in on David Underwood's Military Button Bingo program ! Go David!
She makes dirty words sound pretty. <3
Going To NYC With My Best Friend!! Can't wait to see Austin!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>!!
A ghost _and_ a skeptic -- and I should do _more_ ghosting, editing, writing, or speaking soon, so by all means hire me.
Days like today make me think I wouldn't want to live anywhere else... I wonder if I'll feel the same way in January...
great to meet you Dale!!
then go to bed lol
come back already!
YAY I love Seattle to
My grandma is an amazing woman, so glad I had a great conversation with her today
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers that do the damn thing for they kids...enjoy y'all day cause I know I will :)
Hey now you're an all star get your game on go play
Isaac made a personal youtube account. Some acoustic songs of ours are up on there. Check 'em out. youtube.com/IsaacD1C
I nearly cried when I looked through the kitty sleepover pics.
If I'm ever hogging a bench & sitting on my phone please feel free to smack me across the back of my head so I can do the same to you! ARGH!
Dog crossed the street using the crosswalk
Up early for work still feel high from last night
did you try new stylist yet?
We just wanted to welcome our new family members in the DCT on Fridays! We can't wait to see you all play.
My Mom dint like closed doors ^___^ so she took mine but my brother kept his. Wtf
How do you throw out a garbage can?
Heading to bed with the certainty it's going to be 12/7/11 when I wake up in the morning, because no way did today actually happen.
hey jasmine thanks for following US!! see you soon :)
#468 1940 Chevy Street Rod 468 Big Block Classic Muscle Car for Sale in MI Vanguard Motor Sales
- you're having one of those nights too?
Ha! Here we go. RT : Mustard in my cereal > Rondo for the last shot.
Sum of those acts were just weird and unnatural
i suck
I'm doing better tonight. I talked with my mom about plans for a graveside and what will happen with my grandfather. It helped.
Commencement is coming to RIT again soon! What do you remember most from your last weeks at RIT?
What exactly are you wanting? We would be happy to connect you if possible!
Do they even still make baseball?
Reagan Admin knowingly ignored Zia&#39;s lies on n-weapons: report
The ellen show cracks me up!
so ready for summer! this is just givin us the fever more!
All-natural soap gentle enough for sensitive skin
The first day of classes is the same day as the first day of the #RNC! We're on campus checking out preparations.
Going to Palm Beach, FL to speak for Yom HaShoah. Temple Emanu-El of Palm Beach, Thursday, April 19. at 7:30 pm Everyone is welcome.
Say what you really mean. Kate Upton. Fuck me. Why the hell would you ruin a good with marriage? RT : Kate Upton. Marry me.
Ok Boston, one of the following will happen 2nite 939: Face painting and clowns. Cooking classes. Tim solo show. Find out which! 8pm
hahaha love you!
“: the song's meaning would totally plummet if the words were "...but I will lurve you endlessly"”
Thanks Bryton. Will be back soon. RT "miss the one and only kicking it with us at pirate city for spring training"
Oh my gosh I am still super excited! And since the official word of a sequel? I can barely control my fangirling.
Fuck... now I want some fried pickles and I don't know of a nearby Hooters. Damn! Damn! Damn! Hoooooooooooooooooooooterrrrrrrrrrrrsss!!!
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
LOL, I love when they interview pacquiao.
how about an iPad?
I count money you spell words... Just trying to help you with dollars & cents .. much respect
happy birthday man! hope you're doing well. let's get ramen this week?
No school for me. I hate being sick.
whatever Tiger<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
first time I ever spotted you tweeting
Congrats!!! and thank goodness! I am having to pry them apart!!
thx for the tip! Will def check out Las Tinajas & El Nicaragua. <3 the idea of u & coming down!! cc:
not funny :(
RT : Seems almost immoral to enjoy my morning coffee *this much.*
I always forget how my kindle fire can go on the internet((:
I was but my old device had issues so I undid jailbreak, up it to 5.1 and got it exchanged it for another 4s that came with 5.0.1
Why no one understands government jargon. Fire chief: “Wild land urban interface.” Translation: Homes near brush that can catch fire.
#neverinamillionyears canoe tripping in the BWCA
#Vegan creation: Fresh coconut meat+coconut water, raw cacao (chocolate), banana, agave...crazy good
You want to go there too?:@ ahh.. I know it, josh.
i m glad alot of people from my school don't have a twitter ..
Busto. So unbelievably card/spot dead today. Oh well
On 2nd day of my two week tour in Hawaii - today Kauai
you said the one on top !! I'm sorry . :/
oh lAWD! Highlights or your whole head?!
2012 and we're still using broken image captcha? How is this possible?
starting now in Milwaukee
Have a great birthday Melody! Catalina Kitchen is still calling your name! Enjoy yourself!
Can't wait for tonight! Best biscuits in Boston and amazing bbq sauces
great panel, audience and conversations on #biotechnology #DIY #lifesciences Good thing we're recording it all
no king midas sound but i can get it for next week's show :)
Thank you
It ain't over for Boston yet but it looks like it
Photo of Dalai Lama in Trojan gear made my morning. #fighton!
Come check out the new Mystic HD at our Pacific Beach location! 2 free boosters with purchase of a mystic today!
Fuck it. Challenge accepted
i'm so boring - i'm approving time cards.
RTRTRTRT : I wish my life was like an 80's movie.
Write a song about Forbidden love or something like that.
And #Community!!!!!! Great news!! Parks and rec???
Interesting story on NBC's new Rock Center. Birth tourism...Expectant mothers have babies in US to ensure baby's citizenship, benefits, etc.
Well, not the only reason, but it's one big reason. That should tell u something about how Independents on the R are..
It's to early to be at school
Are you kidding? I'm about to break 10,000 followers on Wow!!!
does Palin have "nuances"? I always thought nuance was the stuff of intelligent people. Or at least sophisticated people?
Make sure yall follow the homie
im mention you because i can and you making up shyt about me and that shyt aint cool
Burger king food don't never be hot!!
My new Vans will make things okay today
no I think it is, 2 people just told me it is
[Heb4:2]FatherGod's Word/SpiritualPrinciples has been preached to many but HIS Word has only profited those who have added their faith to IT
super great weekend, made it back just in time to watch the nuggets beat orlando and stay in the 6th spot....Go Nuggets, Go Rockies...
Now this lady know them fucking heals are to fucking small for her feet... her toes hang out super far.. DAMN
different for everyone? Are your folks on min wage? Your friends folks? Pretty sure they work full time jobs
happy mothers day girl! (:
Just walked in on in the middle of a business meeting with a giant pickle. Her professional life is so Dada.
miss u visit u soon cause.I'm not far neeemore ;)
OK ... is amazing. A walk thru history and so many issues and topics we learn about in class
I miss my mom&dad.
Massive traffic jam ... talk of eating me donner party style. #thatcamproadtrip just got real.
cause the bsckground it has wont make it look good.
well arent you SO COOL! jk jk i feel honored :)
she is great
But it is my turn to get excited about Google's logo today! What is your favorite Ancient Egypt inspired book?
Recalls were started based on #act10. Yet not one dem will mention it. Cause they know it worked. Now they make shit up
Whats the name of it and edition?
nite - too bad u will miss #chat2lrn tomorrow as will I :-(
Thanks for the follow. We love baking with bourbon!
Looking for fun iP8d app that lets you take pictures, edit and print easily. Photobooth type thingy. Any favorites?
It's annoying as fuck how you have to be "drug-free"(can't smoke weed) to get certain jobs, yet it's okay to drink alcohol. Ass-backwards.
Follow Back Dudes
Listening to the one that got away by katy perry reminds me of </3 it makes me sad..
nicest cashier at Walgreens this morning. Great to know that there is some good people out there.
<-----this account have problem..
hi! Do u have #Bechets ?
lol I can tell by Xiahou Beiber and so on that you are from Koei Warriors. Nice...
I speak my mind so it is what it is.
People at my school call me Kenny because when they need protecting they come to me. Also... we're both awesome ;D
Humanist speaks out as Christians urged to wear cross - BBC News
I use a Hario V60 for single cups every morning. Also <U+2764> my Chemex for larger brews.
So much cleaning!!!
Keep looking at my phone thinking she texted back -_- Douchebag lol
dude, I get it. You had it rough, so you're kids shoudl too. Please stop cc'ing me on this. You "win" cc
Great first day at #Socap11 today - very inspired by all the energy and forward thinking folks around
Besides Miami, I might go with Boston.
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, ‘I’m possible!’” – Audrey Hepburn
2 fluent, 1 conversational and 2 getting by. Trying to learn more every day.
Watchin Bullish!t. EVOO powder? Elementary. should've won
My favorite song from iSoundtrack 2 is 'Leave It All To Me'.
well I love root beer
Take a joke
Khloe Kardashian: Come To My Toy Drive In Dallas! (PHOTOS) Hey dolls! I just wanted to start this post off by saying how warm of a welc
Thank you both!
Good Morning! <3 hope you have a good day! (:
Everyone tweeting me, thank you. I really need someone to talk to and I have no one to talk to...<3
GORGEOUS! pinned it! lol
Looks like a beautiful weekend in the Bay area! What're your weekend plans?
god loves me..
Uninstalled from my #android phone. It contained undelete-able sponsored bookmarks and served #VZW ads based on my carrier.
He like a rock in the sea, unshaken, stands his ground. Virgil
A *criminally* undersung film.
Today is gonna be a long one
S/0 to everybody up early and doing something productive with their day.
the only thing that changes when your 18 is you can buy cigs and go to jail lol.
I'm following you
working on a logo for an insurance agency.. inspired by the client's late grandfather's calligraphy work.. hoping it turns out awesome :)
Can someone explain to me how spiking the ball on 3rd down made sense there?
I love U All Ova My Heart <U+2665>
"Don’t you realize that in a race everyone runs, but only one person gets the prize? So run to win!..." - 1 Corinthians 9:24-26
Stupid packed !!!! #wildwednesday !!!!!
Happy Valentines Day <U+E437><U+E328><U+E329><U+E003>
Good Monday Morning. Dragging a little this morning but slowly waking up. This 30 degrees makes me want to go back to bed.
"I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way." - Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988)
#oneofthesedays alice, #oneofthesedays ...really though is anyone on twitter old enough for that reference?
nothing!! just about to make some music. whats up
Earl Grey Green Tea and a stack of Library Journals. #CollectionDevelopment Heaven
Just another reason I despise Just a punk move!
i can tell what kind of mood you are in today ;)
's S.Casper reports from his #dareproject rehearsal: "Office Thriller: A muddlestorm of specificity."
#RHOA #Cynthia needs to get a backbone when it comes to talking to
OT in Conway. & Hendrix tied at 57 end of regulation. Yoshimura hits 3 FT's with :07 left to tie it up.
Green team with our first win on the season
Thanks for the RT!
Meeting w Laura Christenbury, a powerhouse dynamo who works with #MKE youth at Boys & Girls Club. A person to watch in 2012.
gives the brewers the lead! He smoked that ball down the line.
Wow Perry is sliding Cain is rising in the polls how funny
No and no encouraging. You're trying to kill me aren't you? No self control!
hahah thanks girl! (:
awesome how all these skc fans come together to make something. It will be Awesome March 17th
We should also mention Afghanistan Declassified is from
Chicago bulls gonna kick ginobli's ass!
fingers crossed for you!
I have more conversations about turquoise and caicos than you would ever believe.
hey Cross my good friend how are ya...in case u didn't know I'm going to school for paralegal studies. Might need to intern..
So...are we going to have to pay for "Premium on Facebook"??
I did get a little time for meditation in.
Yes a little, I mean I've heard of him
is there a minimum number of data points to allow for prediction?
Six am appointment....I've been up since three am! Working until seven, thank god for coffee!
So sad when internalized homophobia plays out so clearly!
been there, done that, 1972, barca bears!
Thanks for the mention!
Before I left for Virginia in late May of 1861, I read a disturbing item in the secessionist Martinsburg Republican newspaper.
When I'm tired of staring at a computer screen...I get outside and garden (rake leaves) to find a balance to social network saturation!
City and Colour. <U+E40A> <U+E328>
they mom killed them and then herself
Do you have any need for a project manager in your SoCal office? cc:
In a Buisness Analytics meeting. Bored, lost and I have only understood 1 joke...kind of. #feeling dumb
and Jeff Beck with a searing version of 'Let me love you baby' on the In Performance at the White House
What happens, happens. You're gonna be fine, bruh.
Like this chick who was replying to a friend's tweet trying to tell him stuff like he's not a freaking Kings historian, what?
OMG you guys! Do you think I'll sleep? I should probably try.
I have had chipotle way to many times this week and it's only tuesday.
great tweet...
Back from running 13 mi on Lake Shore, from 35th Street to North Beach and back. Feeling the training.
Why i wear thick fluffy socks 1% comfort 1% warmth 98% increased ability to slide across the floor like a ninja :B
Hello from twitter land!!!
^_^ well I think I know a someone similar to that
More thanks to for following and for what you do!
I love having an electric guitar player as my boyfriend. <3
about the podcast--thanks! What a funny last thing to have at Yale. Everyone should get to impersonate Hemingway...
If you've followed , you're at the right place. Thanks for following!
*You have to believe in happiness, or happiness never comes.- Douglas Malloch
hey, hey ! a big congratulations to you! well deserved. have fun at Obama's house! so proud.
I love story time with my father...I look up to him so much
Wow. 5-1 for the #LAKings? WTF. Are we really gonna see the #Coyotes and kings in the western conf finals?
Do you cross your legs like Barack Obama?
Who is looking forward to the Marburg Lecture NEXT Wednesday! :)
leg hurting ... stomache cramps ... ugh just one of them days ... don't take it personal !!!
To be fair, David Robertson had not given up a run all year until tonight... Even Mariano had a bad night every once in a while..
A lot of truth is said in jest.
SO to the sorority girl who's taking pictures of herself on her iPhone instead of filling out class evals. I can't make this up.
Pretty miffed that I have to dial in to my virtual meeting - microphone/speaker access isn't working. >:(
Love u bestfriend even tho ur mad at me!!!
im having to delete every file I have for the third time in three days. Is any kind of fix coming?
"Forward = Communist". Oh, here we go...
The May Edition of Connect - soon to be released!
Imma start calling skip da goat
You know that moment when I don't give a shit that you're whining about me? lol I do.
10$ spray tan...look like an Oompaloompa
Thx for following.
you're in though I meant
oh yes, big time
Good morning world
Did the impossible then I did it twice
Sum company used homeless ppl as 4G hotspots in Austin, at the SXSW festival. They got paid, but ppl r bitchin that it's in poor taste.
wonderful. I'm so jealous of you right now. Hah
57 days until In Bliss launches!!! Lots of work to do!
Finding the motivation to go to Asian Religions every MWF is the hardest part of my week.
Orioles have not allowed a run since KING BONO emerged from the waters of the inner harbor & kissed homeplate @ Camden Yards ...
Which books?
Congratulations to Maui Jim, Oakley and Ray Ban! They have been voted best in their fields by 20/20's Vision Monday Eye Vote 2011.
RT : Well...Grizzlies pretty much gave the game away...
Two viewings and a Hail Mary.
SHOUT OUT TO GO FOLLOW HIM! (:
RT : Entertainment legend, Dick Clark, passed away from a #heartattack. Our thoughts are with his family & friends.
exactly how I imagined it....wait what?!?
I would just like to thank for the posters and I hope she enjoyed her stamps I gave in return.
It's such a gorgeous day out I'll endure "Pumped Up Kicks" one more time.
Sir Alex Ferguson set to launch Manchester United bid for Sigurdsson this summer - report
time for coffee this Thur or Fri?
Lol! RT : Girls on their period: "I'm fine. I hate you. I love you. Come here. Get away. Youre cute. Fuck off. Fuck that. Fuck this."
I love this!! It's fantastic and hilarious :)
. does a fantastic job in analyzing how will make a major impact w/ #Bears. (see my last Tweet)
And they get a discount on cars <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
hey hun, would U love to be in my BTR video!! i was wondering if you could sing a BTR song!! it would mean so much if UR in it
If you have any footage you'd like us to RT send it over! We'd love to check it out
angies party with the graduating class & our favorite others (': <333.
Hopefully in a good way! #MalortMonday RT : Seeing malort monday in a tweet just made me cry a little.
when i hit it again, it just says you entered already so it wont let me. is there a way i can send you the link through here?
i need to expand my milwaukee horizons to #riverwest. can you help with suggestions? perhaps a tour?
why not? Attitude like that won't help
It really is beautiful there.
yeah o:
lol she sure is! I'm sure youre pretty too :p
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Sat, May 12 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
Your cool.
You have such a pretty face, it's a shame you're such a bitch.
I just had lunch @ Papa Joe's BBQ corner of Commanche and North Staples. WOW! Let me tell you....I will be back there again soon for MORE!
Rehearsal tonight! Progress as promised.
I'm switching browsers (bye IE). The question is: Chrome or Firefox? Pros, Cons?
If you're free, head over to Alderman's E-Classroom & learn to save time while researching? 11am: "Research While You Sleep"!
You've certainly convinced us!
RT : Its about that time.....
I met someone at the brunch yesterday and would love to get my meetup group (the genuine girlfriends of nyc) to volunteer
ME: "Does Cocaine really make you skinny?" HIM: "Sh*t, the 7 years I was on it - my ass didn't get skinny!" O_O (LMAO, he's serious too)
if I knew him more yes, but hes new, so no.
RT : big props to julie she led class 2nite PREGNANT. these ladies are amazing! #barre #workout #fitness -lisa
I'm addicted to RuPaul's Drag Race! I just LOVE it.
Portico Learning Solutions has been producing excellent work for more than 12 years in the eLearning industry. Thank you to our...
I swear my parents take advantage of me all the time.
Call Riviera Spa to book an appointment for today or Wednesday. Just say the word ORGANIC and receive 15% off. 214-521-2112
Haha he does scare everyone!!
This Lu Skiwalkr is dope...needs a better mix.
2012 US Figure Skating Championships are taking place today at the HP Pavilion San Jose, CA. Call us now for details: 888-493-0004
hey, check your text message from me
Oh wow, that does sound like a great evening! RT : Started with an Indochine, finished with Kelly's Sgt. Pepper. So good!
I'm watching the last vestiges of hope and life vanish from each persons face in this room. This is the unhappiest place on earth. Labcorps.
The time is nigh for me to finally release a disco blues mix.
can ya boy get a follow back??? S/O that westcoast!!!!
Kinship :) #anthro RT : "The bond that links family is not blood, but respect and sharing of joy."
Obviously I could get a high position in the met office!!
See, this I'm OK with.
Home with a hurt back :/ hoping it gets better for the BEST PARTY IN DC tonight!!! Aka Helen Hayes awards!!
Happy birthday honey I loves me some JG!!! :)
they're real pros, Chris.
Starting the expo hall. Five hours to do it all.
#Oscar best actor winner Jean Dujardin for 'The Artist'!
what kind of bread to eat today... hm
It's cinco de mayo n I'm not in southwest for the first time in years
And I really need some 5/8ths that are plugs because the tunnels will not work.
i am so sleepy.. and i have school tomorrow.. i am glad its the last week:)
Waiting to hear the one and only !!!
What does a working mom do on Mother's Day. Bring her baby to work of course...
not really! she's too fucking dumb ! & do you know the reason she did it?? >.< a GUY like tf? who does that?
I'll ask him tonight, I wouldn't hold your breath though. Lol.
you go to Vegas huh?
What your thoughts on tea? I'm not a big coffee fan.
Anyone near Falls hear/feel that rumble? Cant be thunder, the sun is shining
aww man i missed it! :(
15-page research paper due in less than 72 hours. Getting an MBA is hard.
140 million for Draw Something. Zynga strikes again.
lets, eat
It's a beautiful day in Nashville! Hope it's nice where you are too!
A day in the office without my glasses...
The weather outside is horrible!
RT : Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.....real shit
At Murphy's Pub
she didn't get much time but she better stick to taking pics. I didn't know about the date of the Lennon pic
happy birthday!!
I just updated my story on #Quizazz so please go check it out!!!!!! Thanks!!!!!
FYI Revenge is one of my fav shows and you're ridiculously good on it!
Hanging with Frenchie Davis at the GLEH Garden Party!
Merry Sammas to all! ()
Just finished the 3rd book in my series. On to the 4th and final one. These books are #AMAZING (:
thank you both for fielding :)
Comfortable Stay in Kauai Resorts | Minister Blog
So last night was real. really went home.. I knew they didn't need to use #thesave last week. But God has better plans for him.
k f u like do i know u
Finally done training...time to start gettin money!
Whoever wrote Badger Herald SO 948 about me (or any Brandon on Campus), that is a cruel joke I am not cute...I'm more of a handsome.
That awkward moment where you're watching a butter commercial and wonder where's Paula Deen
Your words hurt, you know.
Need Brain food?..try Chicken or Eggs. Both contain good amounts of choline which has proven to help cognitive function! POW!
so bummed i couldn't be there for the portland show :(((((
It's that time! Tune your dials to to check out Chef as he competes on Around the World in #80plates Go John!
Please follow me!!! :D
Smh my white chocolate dropped the ball now she's just white lol
Learning how to mingle social media and seo in 140 characters.
Me too! Also on my to do list for today.
The restaurant I work at is thee best we had so many reservations today! If your ever in the area u must come and eat at
iJento and Semphonic Partner to Deliver Digital and Multichannel Analytical ... - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Great to hear! Thanks for the feedback!
Why is it so hard to fall asleep tonight? Hm....
you get the pleasure of my charming company and incredible wit, rarely seen west of Old Blighty
so maybe that was harsh. but I AIN MEAN IT LIKE THAT!
That is dedication! What's your loose leaf go-to at the moment?
Oh my- admittedly jealous....looks incredibly comfy!
Waking up to your beautiful face every morning would be such a blessing.
No downloading new joint #ChurchClothes..."Radio Needs This" kanye voice!!
good try..just cause they tossed ur shit dallas twice
have fun! C-ya in Cincy.
at least I know u care about me
Ba Ba Ba Benny and the Jets.
Not gonna lie - definitely stood up out of my chair when that ball left Braun's bat!
A massive capitalization-induced exodus from SD? Damn you and your high standards!
Your welcome! #JoelLanders stick together! :)
aww thanks :-p
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Freedom to be the most creative you can possible be.
- thanks Tony...such fun having a 16-month-old guru. :-)
Just checked the write up about and looked at their website too. I will have to stop by that place someday.
Don't fuck with me. I ate Cookie Crisp for breakfast today, motherfuckers.
I will grade online DO NOT PRINT
I hope you are well! Have a fabulous night! <3
for reals? “: Wow they charge a buck just go into the airport circle now.”
when will you be announcing your presidential campaign?
Thanks for the Retweet Nice to meet you I'm glad we share similar interests.
surprise, surprise
I already lost one of the AZ pins. Need to figure out a better place to stick them.
Love life, and life will love you back. :)
you're just embarrassed I called you on a bad tweet. It's ok. Hate on
I've spied 6 state Senators including
LET'S GO #BRUINS!
If you figure that out, let me know. The words that come to my mind are "Traffic Nightmare".....
Nice relaxing night with a few of the girls :)
hey when is the last day to get a year book?
Also... the hood is something you're suppose to rise up out of.... not try to imitate.
I'm on board anytime there's a discussion about education being had.
I get insanely tired every day at the exact same time. Sorry Chintan
I was a wrestlemania
Funny and you are right. I am still trying to figure it out for myself.
Anyone heading to the ball park this weekend?
Mary Kate or Ashley?
bro he try talking to me with this bull shit saying he missed me you know what i said bruh ? cool story.
it most certainly is! the other two styles are gorgeous as well.
I can't believe I've never seen one!
RT What strengths? Dog training? || Dog tenderizing?
Don't waste money on #Apple 's slave-labor made, overpriced crap. They are an evil corporation just like the rest; don't be fooled.
tweeted me back (': oh my <3
You're welcome. Good campaign!
I leave in the desert where u girls @
For Revolutionary Carpet Cleaning And Water Damage Extraction, Miami, Ft. Lauderdale and Boca Raton Residents Call at 866-970-2532
how do you explain girls that love cars?
Happy St. Paddy's to you all! Erin Go Bragh! Stop thru for the ultimate in Oysters, Beer and our already world famous Jameson Clover Crush!
I have to settle for beer in the basement -_- #whenwillitend I want to live like Benba for just 24 hours!!!!
Some towns are trying to make it illegal to do hands free talking. Pain in the ass.
Thanks. Mayor Bieter used these photos as a fun kick-off to his SOC address. All in fun. No hacking.
alright, sent. Might not want to open until your not around youngins
I am looking forward to tomorrow's #GW2 for a lot of reasons, but numero uno is getting to decide a class: necro, mesmer, or elementalist
Man That Was A Shitty Ass Pick Pats...
Can't wait til my dad buys me a poster :D
Looks like our editing touch ups are done! Now to tweak the music & do the final mix!! The goal is screening party in Jan of Hell's Belles!
Yeah, I'd rather see Jessica leave, honestly, but I don't think she will at all. I'd rather see Phillip and Josh, final 2.
Finally gave my Mix 10 presentation to the company , it went well - even the die-hard Flashers were impressed!
It's To Nice Outside Today To Be Inside Arguing With Somebody
Stoked for prom with my elf-girlfriend :)
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY!! ITS GONNA BE A CRAZY DEBUT.... NO INVITATION REQUIRED
Hanging With Cool Kids XD
get out the way Harden!!!
We live online today w Paul Jr & Rachel Teutul, talking life & relationships w & centralonline.tv
I didn't do it #yeahhbuddyy :)
BitchYou wasn't with me making noodles in the kitchen! *n my ross vc*
At a meeting with a bunch of people who straight run shit. Pretty nifty
Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit. ~Alexandre Dumas...
Making notice you is like playing hide and seek in a 100 square foot mansion.
NFL here you come!
I havnt talked to in a loong time where she been at?
that team would be lucky to put the ball in the hoop one time...much less get a win
directed by that fabulous person you see in the mirror every day!
u were hilarious tonight!!! Best snl I've seen this year!
Glad I didn't go. I am always in a bad mood when they lose like that. Doesn't affect me as much on tv. Hm
One car crash has shut down 590 in both directions at Empire Blvd. Car hit pole, flipped. Driver taken to hospital
ritard: there's one in every family.
i think ur lying !
Five hours until the MLB2K12 giveaway on NWSports Tonight!
Watching "My Fair Wedding with David Tutera" whilst tipsy is always a bad idea.... I'm either put out or plotting
Direct msg me what #bartab bar you're at tonight and I'll send you a free $1 drink!
what if it gets stuck around the guys Wang? Comes out with a bracelet on it.
Knowing I always have my two best friends no matter what's going on >>>>
Sheet shopping an can not decide on a color- what say you, twitter? Green tea or teal?
#EarthDay is April 22, Jacksonville will celebrate it on Saturday. What are you doing to do to celebrate
what pick?...#JacobyJones from lane..
Industry folk, come in tonight and 25 % off your entire check, no exceptions!!
This is a global leaderful movement with many communities
Communities of color have decent people living there. We are tried of being a dumping ground for unpopular programs or facilities.
I feel like I just drank a cobweb.
Thanks for the support!
What's the best shoe to wear with a flared jean? Any suggestions?
Don't forget Haiti. The acute medical evacuations need to resume IMMEDIATELY, and they still need A LOT of assistance.
it is a good morning, even if there are flash flood warnings threw out San Antonio today :3
Spring is just around the corner! Is anyone planning any fun trips? How do you plan to incorporate fitness into your vacation?
haha I like this one!
Wat up top city!
why in the fuck are u rt like go get A LIFE YOYO BITCH
- Long time no talk. Give me a call laterz.
in my opinion taio cruz deserves best new artist at vma's
Sick, no school for me! My brother and I are both sick so I'm thinking it's a movie day!!!
Do you ever get out to the Gorge area? Like Hood River? I miss that area sometimes...
What a comeback! So much for Lawler's Law.
- When has Shane ever been stopped?
It was much more difficult to find natural peanut butter then
Ft.bliss traffic a whole nother animal I swear
I hear what you're saying but, it's the very end of middle school why not end it with a bold statement and rock a red dress?
Piling on: Laynce Nix says it's possible he will go on the DL. Calf is worse. -- Matt Gelb ()
Oh, and my 3 year old daughter LOVES #Super8, too!! {{HUGS}}
How's the flavor? Natural?
brent @ my twitter name .com
Thanks Tonya - I will check it out and repost with an updated link
hahaha, i instantly thought about you :)
Gradventure was so crazy loved it !
Is it too late to wish a Happy Birthday? I was hoping run into her and wish her in-person at tonight's screening. Happy Birthday!
LOVE THIS ANSWER... I knew you were smart, but this confirms it... :)
!! RT Tripping balls makes you Nostradamus RT WAS GOING TO LIVE TWEET THE GAME, BUT JUST CHALK UP A 3-1 MARINERS WIN
'morning friends. in the midst of a crazy week of production. getting so much good material but tired tired tired....
Who needs guestlist for this weekend?
SAME. I have heard several rumors. Yet to be confirmed, but still...I cried.
I'm a sucker for interactive maps with plotted data points...
Great dinner party last night. Hosted by from :)
How do you listen to and/or discover new music? Spotify? iTunes? YouTube?
I can't even damn sleep for some reason..& i keep thinking about french toast..
I haven't heard from u....
Everything is going well buddy
LOL. Then what would I do? Play ping pong?
Everyday is EARTH DAY at ! We will recycle your old Macs/PCs, hard drives, cell phones, iPods/iPhones or small electronics 4 free
O'Charley's again tonight...
Three more likes...please. Like #700 gets a free trip to Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Frank Martin will be South Carolina's next men's basketball coach! #GamecockNation is ready!
glad to be of service!
Thanks for the RT. Cheers for a great weekend!
Running has the power to change your life. It will make you fitter, healthier, even happier. -Selene Yeager
Madness at THe Cat last night...back to bed
Hmm, I feel like there's just something different about you..
true...but i think ull never lose it..
Ha ... You are correct. Hadn't heard of that one.
hey when will you and me skype?? DM's please!! :)
Chasing love is a dangerous chase, True love don't have to be chased...Love meets and agrees.
I want to say I miss you. But it wouldn’t change anything so I’ll just keep on pretending I don’t.
do you hate vonte leach since he played for the packers?
A cover on a cover: The new has the most incredible use of Born in the U.S.A.'s red hat in blue jeans. Plus Romney. So rad.
Well you texted me after I said what's up, you responded "smoking weed"...
nice profile, i like YOUR longboard!
RT if you love your fans <3 :)
Done work ...pinterest then a nice long nap!
trying p90x. i hear it's like a cult. any thoughts?
Thor Hansen has started his treatment in Norway. He is getting the exact same treatment as his doctor recommended here in the US.
George Zimmerman speaks in court right now "I am Sorry" he says
So excited to get in a week of runs beachside. Hopefully, the dolphins will hang out w/ me as I run.
Please urge your buddy to narrow the scope of #SOPA. Dont kill Cal. innovation, entrepreneurship a lazy Hollywood.
installing a server in Valdosta!
don't worry it was just lit and I had math also but That's it no worries
man that lowbuget 2dollar titty ass stripper she is lucky she blocked me i was about to go #teamscalin on her ctfu
my god u look good we should go out some time
Thank you! =)
hopefully my babe comes over after :) I miss that lil fagget already<3
Done with online PE forever
I've never met her never noticed/Tw'ed/RT'ed me, doesn't no I exist, but I will always support him, and always be a MAHOMIE<3
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is the Varsity Movie this weekend! Thanks !
Enormous thanks to all our supporters today!!!!
traffic in #NYC is the worst!! Any event for you tonight??
Don't even care about the table breakin'! We just wanna have a laugh ;)
congratz future wife of Harry Styles :'D <3
Im sorry I was virtually stalking you purely by accident, ""wings" that turned out to be pigeon" WTF?!?!?
loving the sight seeing, but keep getting distracted by the impending awesomeness! #can't wait
Only a few days left to take advantage of 50% off for crawl packages! Do you want your big data or not??
I'm the biggest dick to my mom.
This sex offender registry is pretty insane. I mean, comeon, who asks for a $500 Dyson vacuum?
14 more days till my birthday! 14 more days till my studio project is due! YEY! sigh.
id in invite you to come play super mario with me and my crazy cats but you probably are very far from me lol
"One gram of weed here is 20 dollars but in Colombia, it's only 2!"
I know they have a Pac holagram. We need a holagram for Screw,Moe,Big Steve,Hawk,P.A.T,AND PIMP.
you guys are pretty good, we'd love to feature you guys on our website :)
My #promise 2012 is to make people challenge themselves, motivate, and ignite positivity in others :-)
Opt for a luminous finish. Shimmery blush looks great on everyone. Try powder for normal to oily skin & creamy on normal to dry skin.
I got your back.
Hee. I think I'm going to spring for it soon :-) Also, happy belated bday!
Oh... just a few hours till the beautiful, new Vons opens. I can't wait! If you see me there, be sure to say hi!
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you
The highlight of 1Ds performance was Zayn poking Harry's face. I love them so much.
I once had Alison from ANTM as a waitress once. I got my own drinks at the bar.
Nice job
After careful, laborious consideration, the Orioles have decided to make an attractive offer to Edwin Jackson in the...what? He did? #!$%!#
Katie finally converted me so I can tweet about Gavin's new song!! I love
no problem:)
lucky you!;)
Watching the fight wit the family GO MONEY TEAM
Who wants to chat with me ????
OMG CONGRATS u should def bring back some babies!
Finally tried Kombucha Tea & understand what all the hype is about!
...Also before anyone starts hating. Its a joke. Sorta.
So James won MVP. Is is Most visited pu$$i.. Lmao
Am I the only one that thinks Forrest Gump is sad?! Lmao.
Easter dinner is not complete without heated political discussion.
When will U-Verse be available in the Pacific Northwest?
It was pretty chaotic after the ceremony, especially next to the bar. No worries!
I go to the gym. The Boy goes to Gymboree.
If there was a rule in life that stated "you may only use an excuse one time!" That rule alone would power up everyone's imagination.
Me & my sister are jamming out to Climax. <3 (':
I want to leave this country (America) now and just go somewhere else for a while. How's Italy sound ? or Englad? or Ireland?
Thanks..I was not sure where I was suppose to go..
thats a good idea, thanks. PS our efforts have paid off, thats all I can say right now
Helpful Tip for the kids bathroom! Provide a trash bin in the bathroom so the toilet isn't used as a garbage can.
A4: Clear skies
- Thanks for the shout-outs!
Just because your decorate homes for a living, it doesn't mean you have to work from one. no office=no legitimacy.
Well please tell me what his username is. I, for one, would like to follow him. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
What's everyone's favorite song off the new album so far?
woodley park or dupont, with a bit of walking!
Riding this drunk down to chicago. BABY
my parents aren't home either lol
2days Aussie walk. Went by BeeGees childhood home. Its 4 sale. Going back to offer 2 trade my 92120 rental-where Hendrix slept. Back me up.
I was right on with my blowout for most of last night, until NBA-magnetism struck and the Bucks made it a close one.
May Fri.21 - Sat.22 LIVE - THE TODD MARCUS QUARTET - 9pm & 11pm sets. Purchase online tickets at www.TwinsJazz.com !
RT : HEALTHY TAKEOUT: Panda Express Mushroom Chicken contains just 220 calories & 13 g fat!
when we "skip" practice we are rlly there but we are just so darn good they can't see us(:
Young Writers: Check out , Billy Lombardo's global poetic collaboration. What does it mean to be young? Tweet us.
It's lying to you. Also, I'm coming to visit tomorrow! Looking forward to seeing your pretty face!...and Peggy, of course.
Denver and the OKC OT!!
Thanks for saying good luck every time you saw me today.
Happy Birthday Beckett. :)
I wanna see this
didn't get a chance to ask primetime about pilar
Bored ass hell and can't sleep
LOL. Mexican baby lobsters. Succulent...
nun sorry about replying all late all he time, this app I use is #SHIT lol
"409 Conflict", people. She's a bacon-saver.
lol not gonna happy celtics not sweeping dem so u owe me 50 ur cable gettin cut off bro
Today is Dictionary Day! To celebrate we are pouring wines with names that mean something else. See you at 11am. - Bethann
thanks dude :)
I don't have A/C either, just ++ trees. They're supposed to talk @ st. bugs on 5 PM news(wJAC)today(mostly just seal openings).
Bad move on Harper's part?
Thanks to everyone who came to my Sweet 16 I had an amazing time and I wouldn't trade it for the world!!!! :P
I'd be perfectly happy with either one. ;^)
also I have Kansas on my bracket.
Some people will say anything to get what they want
This issue needs to be addressed or I'm going to explode on you.
March starts at 5:30, so I'm conserving my phone battery till then - call me if you need me.
started watching the 360 battle, was he the drummer from Blink 182? Only made it through your first round, good stuff so far.
Thanks to for meeting today and allowing me to be apart of his FCA small group. Enjoy our friendship and catching up
just saying hello... hope all is well!
That was a great talk tonight #MicrosoftBI. Would be fun to connect when you're back.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE HOPE ITS THE BEST ONE YET! YOUR SWAG LOVES YOU :') <3
" ima big dog, big bite, lil bark boy ..call of duty guns uh put that scraper rite n park boy
Its only 8 points ... why y'all mad? It's the Lakers they always come back lol I just like talking shit lol
A possibility, I wish there was an app to keep all of my social networking sites together on one page
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
WTF are you tagging me with this stupid shit for?
We know we've been quiet lately... but promise we've been working! Good things on the near horizon.
I was melonhead, haha. Not anymore though. When you become 6'3" and 205 with broad shoulders, the head doesn't look big, haha.
Nw The Game
total #snuggle weather !!
You should date me because YOLO.
I frequently find myself choosing between coffee and ice cream. It always seems like too much to have both.
Happy Birthday, and Jenny Miramontes! We will be singing 'Love You Like a Love Song' tonight! :)
#PlanetFitness late night workout
looking forward to taking my husband and 10 year old daughter to First Steps LA!
VERY INTERESTING WEBSITE! GO ORIGAMI!
RT : You Niggaz Smoke Good But I Stay Higher
Marlin a fool
Great season from LP--superhero epic "Men of Steel", murderous suburbanite video game "Neighborhood 3" and CoLab's Meth Proj!
Dm.: no sorry that was my fault
Even the moon came out for Cinco De Mayo.
Gas / Food Never Pay, www.downow.info I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info, no one gets hurt, only helped
You should be a guest food blogger for 's authentic eats!!!!
Michael Floyd to the Cardinals. Him and Fitzgerald are about to get after it!
Unfortunately not attending #sdsms, but will be following & for updates! Great insight already!
Ah well. It's Project Runway in all of its Project Runway-ness!
Following -1 Followers 0 (Twitter Hiccup)
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Paramount PR is hiring: part-time assistant. Must have college degree and had a PR internship. Send resume: .
ya you nba refs need to start showing denver love you help the clippers win that was some bs!
what's good?
. Thanks, ladies. Morgan Fay White is wonderful in every way! More photos soon :-)
check out I<3 video in Austin. I love that place!
Current tab up on #Chrome - The 'Albino Squirrel Preservation Society.' I'd pay someone a lot of money to trace how I ever ended up there.
desserts or bread?
hey who's your favorite team for the
I just discovered that every day on my commute to/from work I've been driving by Wayne Newton's house. There's a jet in his backyard.
Laundry & the B.Ball Game ! #LetsGoCeltics !!
he path to success is to take massive, determined action
It's such a beautiful day--on so many levels!
what's the best social business you know of? are there others like TOMS only better?
You don't have the time to write your book so let us create it for you so you can become a published author in no time! -Your Thoughts, LLC
"Libraries are places where the imagination begins"--Heather Barbieri, author
Tomorrow #eyetracking glasses on tour in stpoelten austria www.eyetracking-glasses.com
For sure, the pain is NO fun.
thanks for a great presentation. My favorite at #sxswi thus far. And I like your sweet arm warmers.
dance competition in Memphis tomorrow. Ah I'm SO excited!!!!!!!!!
Matt is right on this. Often guys don't realize the power of simple authentic praise.
“Find out where people are going and get there first!” – Mark Twain
Beautiful spring day in NYC! Who's going to go out there and shoot it?
They are being very control freak about when I wash my hands.
Was great to hear at the #PRSAPhoenix media breakfast this morning!
Negative people are like "stink bugs", they just keep multiplying. Avoid the negative people, they will make you one too.
Is because we didn't want to sound ghetto! Totally TCBFFAE
How are You?
#88 | Art will no longer be silent and last on the list...
y do u pinch ugly kids? What did they ever do to u? Lol
Fast Facts: Lethargy is tiredness. This is sometimes constant in children affected by metabolic disorders.
Watchingg new cover of Cry Me A River by Justin Timberlake!! It's amazingg! Love it Austin! <3
ONE WORD TUESDAY!!!!! My word today: Driven!
Mastermind going down!
thank you
Having a read through of my script today! Very excited!
miss me already?
": This game got me shaking like im on the court!!! #TeamLakers"<<< lol me too
O.o
or go round and round in the spinning door
what? And u aint added me on the ps3 bruh lol
Thanks for sharing the blog!
Ice Bath <U+E00E>
are you a singer or model?
Why did you give them that much the US dollars?
RT : A team of strangers on a bus traveling at 60 miles/hour have 3 days to build and launch a startup...
RT : When the Dodgers play the Rangers, are we actually going to get to see any of the game in between shots of Magic and Nolan?
grt piece today. reveals to me more than editorial, that the pageview based rev model is what needs more innovation/change
I want to fight Suzie!
We discuss what's building (or soon will be) across SD County. New homes, commercial construction, remodels, etc.
oh my, i'm so sorry! just saw your message. i'm emailing you right now.
doing it now.
I'm scared. this girl with 0 followers, 0 following and 0 tweets just tweeted me a link
Alexander Meigs Haig~ I probably carry more scar tissue on my derrire than any other candidate-thats political scar tissue.
there both full of caffiene and anti oxidants .. its a win win .. kinda :)
Happy Saturday!
Tell all your friends that Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie is going to blow their minds at Tribeca.
I'd say Rip Hamilton is healthy again... Monster game so far!
Either you just watched the A Team reboot or the old HDS videos. Which is it.
Tragedy in Jax yesterday-a murder suicide...apparently over a lost job. There is hope & its not in jobs, money, or people. It's in Christ.
Maybe if I just act like I'm doing my work I'll be alright
dude #Bieber is way cooler than Tim allen !!“: you would support Bieber.And yet u get onto me for liking Tim Allen
i had to turn imessage off because they all get sent to my parents email or something weird
@ Abq. City council meeting
watch the second quarter it didn't make sense. I really didn't think it was real. But it was. Offensive foul n tick tack
Love all you guys hell of a game way to back me up.
Good Morning
#FF This system is doing huge things for us right now. Watch out for these guys!
4 away from 2000! Can your friends help?
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho hash tag on Facebook...
Happy weekend, Mark!
Well hold on now. Some Ricky Gervais cartoon nutso stuff on Let's set up Kerry's iPad another day! This is better and easier.
BAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA so true <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Encourage your child to eat healthy foods, get plenty of physical activity and maintain a healthy weight.
Awesome, thank you! I really appreciate it.
No, cutting doesn't mean I'm looking for attention. It just means I'm hurting...really bad...
I just want you , you & only you. That must be too much to ask.
That man is me, that man is me
19 days till #GirlsNightLive will be at Bellevue Christian Center in Bellevue, NE!!! Retweet if you are coming!!!
Yesterday it was sunny & 65 - today it is snowing! At least I have a hot chai.
yuck! Hope you feel better soon!
Who's Wearing Green?? :-)
Wish my baby sister the best of luck at her interview today
now that's funny!!!
“: #Pisces prefers sex in the dark.” that is true ;-)
lol you silly... I'm down
OMG its birthday tomorrow and i wanna say HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN ! <3
CORVETTE AND ROCKSTAR BIKE ALMOST DONE!!!!!!
I will gladly celebrate cinco de mayo by myself. I do not want to be accompanied by them. -.-
I want Chinese food..
I guess it only took two weeks for the cracks to start coming out...
RT : "If you do not stand firm in your faith, you will not stand at all." Isaiah 7:9
I want a bad bytch wit good pussy and mean head!
Yes we Did! Thank you for everything. Venue, food and your folks were wonderful!
You really got a hold on me.
We kick off our panel with a constrained film noir video edited by It's the first of her work publicly shown in LA!
yes! I will tweet all about it this summer.
The Wilpons, Madoff, Woody clown and Rexy bear are way up there with Dolan. The Jets circus will hit full stride very soon.
Totally, moreover the concept of community is expanded w/ internet based peer support; a real-life supporter is priceless
whats the spread in vegas for heat game
Glad you could join us!
You reblogged something about your mom for mothers day? She must be so proud.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)m
- THANKS MANG!!! BC/AD KILLS IT!!! RAWWWWR!!
Only paying attention to the ones that matter you know who you are<3 :*
Hah! RT : RT : Maybe I'll spice things up in the bedroom and be the big spoon for a few nights.
The NFL combine is exactly how I imagine a slave auction would have been. lol
I think you have to get a summer pass
Yes! RT : home alone, national lampoons christmas vacation
After you've made purchases online, check your e-mail. Merchants often send confirmation e-mails or other communications about your order.
I am here guys... 22 games in a & it's time for THE Marlin fan & lover of baseball to be with you guys nightly.
Today's Feature: Traditional Carbonara w/ linguini, ham, red peppers, Edamame & garlic cream sauce Soup: roasted butternut squash
This is wk to do all the ridiculous things ppl say u can't do @ 30. But next wk realize u get 2 do it all over again! Lol.
we are gen x, for Malcolm... Lol
- thanks, Simon!
Only to a certain extent. There would be rounding up & rounding down to the nearest 0 or 5. The convenicence would be worth it
Rodney Carrington is playing at the Verizon Wireless Center tonight He has to be one of the most unique entertainers there is!
Happy birthday #libchat. You don't look a day over 0.
a sideshow, really. That's sorta insulting.
Just do it
#Pirates need to _____ to start winning. The blank cannot be filled. It is the blackhole of answers. Void of hope.
“: I want macdonalds.”
affected by MN gov't shutdown--may affect 32 partners in 10 states + DC participating in Preserving State Gov't Info project
Thank you! I may even agree with you on some of the tweaks (not that I have a say).
general strikes are illegal in this country (can you imagine?). Tomorrow should be interesting indeed.
Amazing the comparisons in their proball careers between this kid and the kid we should have drafted to begin with, Tim Lincecum.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> hope yall's day is going well! Updating soon~ love you holland!
Lincoln: "Liberty to all-the principle that clears the path for all-gives hope to all-and by consequence, enterprise, and industry, to all."
Its way to early for a saturday!!!
Anytime brother. Looking forward to working together.
I'm such a twitter slacker. I will try to do better!
My little guy is turning 6 months today! How shall we celebrate?
If you could choose any celebrity to be your partner in this week's Streak, who would it be??? and no choosing Chuck Norris.
oh i was wish i was rich and had that water bed
I had a great time too. Hope you enjoy your time today.
Ohh my gosh!!! blew me away with that version of "99 Problems"!! It reminded me of Hugo's version. I'm so in love<3
spank you!
I remember Rob and Billy stepping away to record that...turned out great.
My mom thinks she gonna get drunk off two Margaritas
how could u not? Lol
Just signed up to hear #ROC Mayor Richards at Leaders Studio May 24.
this could be a long night....
“: We salute John Glenn, the first American to orbit the Earth, today on the 50th anniversary of his historic launch... .”
happy to have your #attention! want us to pay some #attention to someone in #pgh?
The Nomad School for Winners... leave the Brick & Mortar School for Losers.
:c im sorry
for real send me ya shit
Firefox, I love everything about you except your memory leakage
Bobo, Hugh Campbell, Gail Cogdill and John Chaplin set to be at the Cougar Legends presented by Sterling Bank!
Attn: #Baltimore -non-profit scholarship program April 3rd needs contestants/sponsors: www.DistinguishedYW.org
me :D XD since we havent talked in ages :P
is a great guy or what?
Started back 30 min ago. Just got a guy to open shove q9 CL?? On k35 flop one club when I had kk. 115k
thank you for the follow
ATTN: TRILATERAL COMMISSION MEMBERS AND AMNESIAC COURIERS -- coded message coming in case my paranoia is real but only tied to social media
Low humidity = time to explore the North Side on foot and enjoy Korean tacos at delseoul.com
glad you know the difference hahaha
#NowPlaying: Juvenile – Back That Thing Up
followed :D
I was just so humiliated and I don't think my kids were acting anything over what a normal kid acts like, maybe just cause I know them
The furthest travelers from the conference today are from England, Holland and Australia!
what you doing 2ma?
they really could. whats their age difference?
Happy Mom's Day to all!
very close! Are you doing the Mexican Hat Dance?
Thanks for the cool shout out!
and ethan took faye's granddad's one from charles???
awesome. Ive been composing my TIATTY post all day in my head...tomorrow will be my day
Meeting today to try and figure out how to implement CC standards. Struggling with how to implement district wide, any ideas welcome???
go big girl wat u go do lol
Just because you hot doesn'tgive you an excuse to be a complete asshole
I do!
Let Go and Let God
sad to miss the last game. Go Red Hawks!
Me too. I'll pray for you. I'm watching Dance Moms Miami.
Excuse the swag i'm trying to tone it down like Jenny Craig
she'll always be there with you hun. xx
I might be at the Tavern, but I'm still drinking #craftbeer and checking in with
am I forgetting something? Besides my exit 30miles ago?
Sustainability should be practiced every day. not just on
For those of you who still don't know-- we're installing new, BETTER equipment! We will be back on fm when the installation is finished!
is that what its going to be? That's great makes me happy!
I've had sun poison before it does hurt like hell
Travel Impressions offering vacay for skiers in Colorado, Lake Tahoe or Utah w/Seize The Slopes promo a free night on 4, 5 or 7-night stays
Happy Valentine Day<U+2665>
All FCF family and anyone else that whats to join us tomorrow evening at 6 pm - Calvary Walk thru Eleanor. Meet at industrial park entrance.
if I don't follow you back it's because twitter has imposed the 2000 follow limit
This is going to be a great Summer! Have you booked your Makeup Artist for your wedding? Email me at
You ain't the only one who tryina be the only one. But your already the only one.(:
When I get on my bed I always forget to bring what I got down for in the first place.
Save the Date... Saturday June 2 ....for something Enchanting!
The only saxophones I can put up with! Miss you three. :)
The story of Reddit starring Adam Sandler should guarantee that Razzie nod.
oh ok, one of my friends read it and said she found a lot of typos. She's the only one to mention it though, so now I'm
Sounds awesome, Kyle! I'm sure I'll get my turn to travel overseas one day soon :-) Can't wait...
Josh, listening to Wu-Tang: "no, they don't sound high as shit at all!"
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Mount Pleasant/Lower Broadway & 7th Ave Barringer High School 90 Parker Street-May 21st at 6pm
Good luck!
Oh, I got ya.
it seems like i'm not gonna be able to finish my nhs hours :( this semester's been beyond hectic. i'll do better next year though.
Gotta put some things on hold smh
this is best shot until next year. We are in line for the number 1 & 2 recruit.Noel could be better than Davis on defense.
What we eating
Was rooting for Game Of Thrones but am still happy with the Boardwalk Empire win
I've cut one system - working my brain through cutting a 2nd - cut several specials...
no you do lol
Bet y'all don't know what FISH means. It's the new YOLO.
I'm talking about you tweeting about a camping shelter made of recycled crap!!
Vengeance is the Lord's! Shut your mouth! TD Jakes
Just yelled DIE MOTHERF**KER! while spray-killing a bug.
Q5.1? We have a policy card, written by our library board & we remove political/religious stuff and hand them a copy of the policy.
it's 2am already? i should go to bed, i've to get up at 6am tomorrow, good night everyone, sweet dreams :)
Where is my bestie when i need them
Come to for grand reopening w/
Art history shouldn't be boring... is it the teacher?
Watching the Packers game on our two-hours old flat-screen. Hello, 21st century! Woot!
DVR and Netflix give me life
I made a new friend today .... yay vans daughter is so sweet and funny
LMAO oh boy he did the bullshit -.-
Its a fact, is the greatest #artist of all time. And thats no lie.
Matthew Jensen of the shares with CNN details from the amazing rescue of 3 children after a car slid into an icy river in Utah
middle of July!
sounds like you've learned from experience?
We are changing the game # from #ganechanger to
( I know why the dog howls at the moon. )
Done with the benefit for patrick harris, me and had fun. Fugetaboutit.
don't be scared. i installed it already on my GalaxySII. it's beautiful.
I see the schedule change didn't filter through to the REAL NZ website - will fire an email that way now...
Dim and Den Sum in Cleveland! It's amazing! RT : What city makes you green with food truck envy?Where should Big D look...
Dipping out of Python and doing speed critical stuff in C reminds me of a passage in Walden about brushing against the bottom of the pond.
I would like to be submit for this role. What do I need to do in order to be considered?
Just walked into Kauffman Stadium - last game for a while...
RT : "Jewish camp is where Jewish kids find their Jewish pride."
ur the most beautiful girl I've ever seen
hey luke I have some original effects In mind but I don't know how to go about creating them!!
voxer is a walky talky app and snapchat is a picture app.
So cute! I'm happy that you had this happy day!
Thank you for the feedback. iphone app will be updated shortly. Right now, we're working on #ripple #iPad application!
And it was a girl xD lmfao! So me and my bro started laughing histerically!!.
Grizzline was off the chain, my dad made a vide
WHEN IS OUR PROJECT DUE?!
The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore, my favorite of any of the 51 #Oscars nominees I have watched!
Haha second time that shit happened.
Got HD? San Diego listeners - We're back on , so if you have it in your car, give a listen @ 96.5 FM, channel 2.
I'm on my second iced venti unsweetened green tea of the morning and am full of donut-shaped sugar. Bring it,
People complaining about how they won't have anywhere to go during thier lunch break now that Borders is closed. :(
Where has the loving people gone these days? Such a sad times these days. They only think of people after there living on the street.
good to know! I always assume that every question/answer just turns into gold as soon as it happens inside the studios :)
having hard time w/Google Translate--what is this story in English? Hope you are doing well.
I am <3ing Google Docs. So fluid like cupcakes dreams. OMG, so glad to meet you!
You had me at a raccoon in Jim Jams.
harry Potter fan!
A "Jiffy" is an actual measure of time at 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, "I'll be there in a jiffy."
Today is day 1 of 2 in Sutherlands Springs, Tx :-) will be performing there. Time 2 share the Gospel through our music! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+270C>
is it wrong that I want to make the stuffing and skip the mushrooms?
Getting paid to be warm, watch movies, and order take out takes some of the sting out of staying in on a Saturday. Actually I'm loving this.
Welcome Jessica, North St. Louis at Camille!
Catching up on "Work of Art," which is awesome. The book covers challenge is fantastic... Pride and Prejudice as nude bathroom portrait
I won staring just gotta win talking ;D
''Ke$ha is a beautiful woman.'' -Dirt Nasty
Holy F this hail is madness!
yeah, but what happened to Teal? Smh
oh man... last year and had beer and wine licenses at tavern on the green. food and beer is bestest
points out that it's the old Uncle Lee's building Clarke asked to condemn not Mr. Lee's.
I've been drawing crazy lately.
Props to these people on #CBS with the Get Golf Ready program. I would lose my patience teaching them.
I can totally understand why!! You 2 are a BEAUTIFUL couple!! Congratz!!
All of the juco sites said he was visiting Thursday. Did this change?
We can all dye our hair red & drink ginger drinks & eat ginger snaps all night long! But in all seriousness: Let's do it.
The Shower was a success and the Mural is finished! Can't wait to see the nursery all set up!
Prayers said for all. : Tweethearts, Our dog, William is in final stages of congestive heart
It's a step above a methadone clinic, and many steps below the 7-11 at 23rd and Penn.
Omg,this guy looked so cute after.school!
there are mcdonalds there too? I promised my guts I will not torture them like that anymore
good writing morning. Now time to do other things.
Talking to - looks like we will be on live TV during the morning show tomorrow at 7:45 to talk about the event.
Send me a pick of your house in the L.I.?!?
At the scent of me he barked shortly
#What2ChainzWouldSay I got five kid they Rugrats I'll punch you where yo nose at My shit hot from East to West I fuck yo moms Delonte West
One track mind...... Can't keep up with mine.
No earmarks, says Obama! I can get behind that.
Breakfast in bed breakfast n head
: Glad to hear our gummy vitamins helped; thanks for spreading the word!
nm. im bored and need some followers. you?
Claude Giroux just made Chara look like a little girl on that play. Two pretty, pretty goals so far.
is just trying to keep the Titan faithful from rioting...GREAT feeling here in Denver on their chances!!
This game has gone by fast
": many thanks!!" Do you have a portfolio? Id like to partner up with you for t shirt designs.
us new yorkers keep it real #realGswag :)
Men...don't let the pink bottle fool you! Lose weight and live healthier with Skinny Fiber. Here's a video testimonial as proof. Order...
Pasting is about 73% of most professional writing tasks, by my estimate.
REALLY?!! Dude!! Let's meet up!!! I'll be at around noon. Still looking for someone who'd like to join me for free.
. Yes, we will also have projected subtitles. Enjoy the show!
look at the tweet i sent
No longer going to text back. -_-
1 of the best movie quotes I've heard in awhile,"We're sexual beings. It is the denial of it that gets us into trouble."
welcome to all my new followers and thanks. I promise not to disappoint. Thanks
Solid weekend of gigging, despite a weather cancellation. This week: back to the woodshed.
were u at class
this explains why you aren't in your office.
that's what's she said!!!...loll
Exhibition: Journeys in Beadwork at Shipley Art Gallery - Journal Live
pretty easy dayy... i like those dayys
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
I love pabst, pabst pabst pabst. Here it goes down, down into my belly.
While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life. I can only be joyful and whole.
Well goodnight everyone hope you all have a great night
What kind of game am I missing!?
yall know I'm on twitter, right? ;)
Thank you, darling!
Happy Mothers Day to all those mamas out there!!<U+E418>
“ You won't control a #Libra, ever! We may game you, let you think you're leading, but it's always our game. #rememberthat”
If you allow yourself to be offended by every single little thing in the universe...boy, is your life gonna suck! Pick your battles.
Surprise night off of work...out on the lake with a drink in my hand
great presentation...I will forward this on for sure!
me too and tanning always fun.
Good day everyone! Have a blessed day
If you have questions, feel free to email them to .com
awkward or murder moment?
For some reason my middle name #Anthony is not on my readers card
making a mix of my fav songs from last 10 years.. 75% of the songs are kanye west or songs produced by West, he dominated the last decade
Lol, my dad's from Memphis & my Mom's from Mississippi
That would been a bright idea! Lol
YAY you won tickets to Tiger and Woods this Saturday ! email us your contact info at ASAP
go to sleep at 5:30-accomplished. Wake up at 8:53-accomplished, drink five cups of coffee-halfway accomplished .-.-
well you are the freshest of the fresh
On this day in history, 1921, the Band- Aid was invented, keeping festering zombie bites clean for 90 years!
Due to a suggestion from a friend, I believe I have the swagger to pull off the golf wardrobe of Ricky Fowler this spring/summer
great First/Last, Hugh.
rated next generation killed it
"Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?" - Eliza Dushku.
Yes! RT : A3. Exceptional customer service.
*possible sarcasm detected* confidence level: 85%
If shopping bring your receipts to Guest Services and help local schools earn points for cash prizes!
Who has resigned their lease?
Taking my ass to sleep, this job is working the hell out if me. GN!
I did laundry this weekend too.. for some reason it's still in a pile...unfolded! what a weekend ;)
Im always falling asleep somewhere lol
MYAH! Come whenever you want. Britt and Shannon are coming after school.
Staying up late futzin on Wordpress... feels good to create something jazzy. My contacts are stuck to my eyeballs.
Thx big time, Tarik. Monumental cover.
i wanna go bowling again!!!#hadsoomuchfun:D
Facebook is the leading cause to cell phone battery deaths.
Oh THATS FUNNY!!! Insure me BABY!
oh, got the dress and shoes. Thought of you and asked if both came in men's sizes. Good news...
Also... I finally discovered Fleet Foxes.
thanks for the mention #worldslargest #photography. Hope you liked the exhibit
I want that to be us one day lol!!<3
The phrase, "Hot as balls." comes to mind.
when that Ross and meek mill collab comeing
Talking to him just makes me feel a whole lot better. (:
but niall's just looking down at you
Would be going to #Greenfest2012 @ SDSU if #Tpain wasn't the main act.
Ill be posting it soon
HEAD OF THE CLASS network administrator needed in houston..
Can you please suggest more quotes? I was making my own generalization in everything that was written in this blog
it's just amazing to me that people think this is an effective rhetorical tactic among adults.
Looking forward to today's on technology Head to Leo's dining room downstairs at 5:00 PM today to take part!
Have only played around with the Android tablet once. Prob need to check it out again :)
Lovesick Clothing is selling shirts to raise money for Japan at 18th/Baltimore-come say hi!!
Doe it make me a super creep if I added his girlfriend cause I wanted to see what inspire his beautiful music? If it does than I dont care:)
I havent seen you in ages, when will I see you again?
i hate the monthly ritual of trying to figure out how to pay my rent
Chilling @ home watchn Jessica Biels fine ass in "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" with ...kids chilln as usual
New just dropped.
Happy New Year to you and Mr. Z!!!
Two more have left us. RIP Johnny Otis and Etta James. Nice memories of them.
You're welcome. And all of this raises a very important question: has picked a date for #pp3?
we need to get to do a flyer or record cover for us..
My little sister is so funny.
This isnt important, what we should be doing is busting those underage college kids drinking! Im sick of their hiphop music!
#GrandpaFred At what time? See that knuckle there? One that just flipped em. Debbie?Are you busy?On you. 1drop..
Ugh its so freaken hot outside :o
Soo according to pedro we are bestfriendssss now :) woah.
im kick your little mexican ass wanna when i see you xD wach
anyone had and good/bad experiences with #crowd #design marketplaces such as #fiverr #crowdspring #99designs or #designcrowd?
Welcome Back!!
this is something much needed in Boston. You guys got my support.
LOL NEGATIVE. ": #Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends."
Probably means you've been nominated to serve on a committee. It's fun.
Harassing the conductor..
Sometimes I wake up 2 music,but its in my mind.weird right?whats w/that.why dnt i understand what this is?gift or curse?swear im not crazy:(
Just caught up to your reply about #ISTE12. I would sneak you in my suitcase if I could. ;)
yea, he was feelin it yesterday...
dive 75, some guy got pissed at me for eating the last reese's in the bowl and i was like, I'M HOME.
Its possible... If both teams step their game up as hard as you stepped you twitgame up today
read Proverbs 31 to find the criteria for
If you are against same sex marriage, don't marry someone of the same sex.
it's really hard to live with someone as perfect as kaitlyn
Retweet We have less than 4 hours to get all structures out of camp please come please help
your welcome! <3
sleeping is overrated
Omfg my dad changed the channel and the first thing it said was "San Antonio" slfjodfpdlg I still think of Austin<3
very nice photo. I think people just looked classier "Back in the day"
it was such an honor to work with you today. Hope to work with you again in the future!
I just heard the preview of break your back by It was awsome!!!
I hear that! I have the same "gift" - inadvertent rampant verbosity :) [But yes, it looks good to me so far!]
Very good stuff. Joss did a great job balancing a lot of major characters while getting a lot out of all of them.
I've never done a #soupswap but since I'm new to #santacruz I'm up for it!
Overheard: "you and your olive tapenade. Were just going to the park for lunch. I think you're overdoing it."
PROM IS NEXT FRIDAY! #EXCITED!
yeah I just wanted them to win, my real team is UNC all the wayy!!!
haha yeah I left too
My future is so bright I need sunglasses.
So True :) I hope you will get a tweet to Adam :) He's outstanding supporter of you :) <U+2665>
Ask yourself: Do consumers recognize that they have the problem you are trying to solve?
that would be great!!!! Very excited to return to Japan
the business in Europe for actors is good? Where exactly?
foundation important
word bro! What you up to?
Jeff Lawson, CEO Twilio at #tedxsoma: Ideas are cheap, Execution is Hard. Couldn't agree more.
they DO have access to a lot of tasty, low cost snack food...
yes.. Yes it is. But then she blames us for not passing spanish <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
or find a gamer girl
I've been waiting for Filner's Fornication plan.
Hi. We are both off tomorrow. That's cute eh.....
Made all the more difficult by OverDrive's new rules for USB-to-Kindle downloads of Penguin ebooks.
Mechanical Eye videomaker meetup tonight at 7 at Summit Artspace. And don't forget to tell 13-19 y/os about the contest starting April 15th.
Happy 83rd birthday to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. His influence continues to positively change our culture!
WooHoo! I knew I could count on you! Thanks!
I don't wanna get up. I don't wanna eat. I don't wanna do anything. I just want to sleep and wake up and find that all of this was a dream.
Tomorrow will be on the #prettyprogressive show! Tune in at 11AM CST on
Everyone in our office is ordering Chinese food today so that they can get lucky numbers in their fortune cookies!
ah hacked boo by kaileigh tehehehehehe love ya(:
awesome enjoy the game and bring us some luck need to get a winning streak going !!!
YOU CAN PUT THAT ON THE BOARD!!! ON THE MARK!!! GONE!!! TEX MESSAGE SENT!!!
I know. But there's more Steve. I want the more.
ill think about sunshine;)
Peppermint is one of the oldest and most highly regarded herbs for soothing digestion, and may also restore digestive efficiency....
Thank you for a lovely evening xo
WCF experts, is there a type of extension that is guaranteed to run before and after any operation (with and without unhandled errors) ?
lol I'm good
I'm tweeting HONDA LA Marathon times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day. Brought to you by HONDA LA Marathon
Had so much fun today. I got a fake husband, 2 fake daughters & sat on a "bench",folding chairs,&pretended 2 eat ice cream. Life of an actor
what I mean is that if violence were to result from Wilders' visit, he could hardly be accused of "inciting" anything
94% of #pet #parents say their pet makes them #smile more than once a day. Small wonder people with pets live longer with less stress!
It's beautiful RT Finally got a frame for This last night. One of my all time favorite movies
Love the Dixie Chicks. Another great concert.
I'll be there tomorrow
Happy Birthday!
Congrats on the 2 American Country Awards nominations! We'll be voting every single day!
Speaking of, I just noticed that my company is right below your husband's. "The little big city?"
...when the cost is not very high--though I like to think I devalue the personal costs when someone needs my help.
Discovered some new buttons on my remote. Watching harry potter in spanish with french subtitles... #Likeaboss :)
Talk in-depth about the editing, compositions, camera moves/scales, lens choice, staging and sound in 4 double-spaced pages
get to watch your fam on #fashionstar tonight!
good morning.
Very cool! Was there a sign at the register?
Watched the Mentalist last eve. What a great episode! Loved it.
I can't understand why Way Too Cold is only at number 73 on iTunes when Wiz Khalifa is number three (?) and Maroon 5 is number two (??).
ay real talk fammo... Thats why half of them do. I get confessions all the time.
i really wanna talk to you, but i get paranoid and think that i annoy you.
#IfYouWereSmart u wouldnt of told the whole world ;)
Bored :p
Really dont want to mow i cant even lift my left arm
I'm not living life, I'm not living right, I'm not living if your not by my side.
You are just something else. We need to relive those glory days of Goodbye Earl, haha.
Thanks for the RT!
Saturday is the big day Sagg. B-day Bash!!
“: wth!? Jus got home n checking twitter, I'm suppose to see,"bum wins his 1st ring!!"sigh..see u in Nola”
Thanks. :) you're too sweet. ": I love your voice"
Thanks! I have been enjoying yours too. Happy Friday!
#Kentucky up 4
Heavy on the Van Halen too.
My alma mater Villanova pulls one out with a 29-point 2nd half turnaround. Go Wildcats! Bring on the big bad Bruins.
Thanks Man. The scary part is they are 100% real. The hardest part is remembering the good 1s for twitter
I agree with that!
then get out the house
Don't drink your calories! Stop drinking sugary beverages and only have green tea, skim milk and water.
Unblocked charliebean48 hopefully you are reading this charliebean.
bout to water my loud plants : )!!! a few more weeks they will be done.
chillin' with some of my MAY favorites right now
Stone Roses - 'I Wanna Be Adored' on repeat 10x.
Support your Huskies! Bring your purple peeps and cheer on Romar to his 200th win.
RT : Give staff freedom to try, freedom to fail & freedom to try again.
I wanna move.
I CALL IT THE RUMBLE IN THE JUNGLE !!!
Clouds of poison gas, and earthquakes.
Always interested in green living
me too :( do you have skype dm it to me ?
cant wait to see u next !!!! leggooo!
*answers phone* ahh what's up r.kelly mah nigga?
Find dolma here... STEWART JEWELRY STORE 121 N. MARKET ST WASHINGTON NC 27889
having one of those "I don't want to interact with anyone" sort of days
I haven't read the Jones or Klosterman pieces yet. But I'm very excited for a venue that promotes long-form journalism.
plans for champagne party in the CRC are in the works as I speak
Great job tonight man, your effort and play makes me proud to be an A's fan
no im at mtsu
omfg im screaming YOU'RE GOING TO CANNES?
Just booked a guest spot on Curb Your Enthusiasm! Very excited!
Do you have ideas about great Baltimore entertainment this weekend? Let us know!
95 on cost accounting test! Should stop texting in class
Ya, I was only talking about LeBron. I'd be more than happy to take your bet for his career #s :) some1 could dig em up!
I noticed that the other day and said the same thing.
I think it's so stupid when 18+ years old go to those "facebook parties" the fuck. Grow up and go to the club with people your age.
you rock dude. Love the show tonight much love to you vinny.
My mother >
I know I shouldn't hit "retry" on the MLA JIL, but I just can't help myself
Hurry back! and have a safe flight.
#imagine Austin: Oh Lisa:What? Austin:Stop teasing me*wink*Lisa:I'm not teasing u. Austin:Yes,your hotness*wink&kiss ur lips*
; No matter gay, straight, or bi lesbian transgender life I'm on the right track baby I was born to survive. :)
2010 walk to Empower Corporate Breakfast on November 5 @ 8 a.m. at the Daniels Fund. RSVP to
Don't try that pouty shit with me.
I love when a guys veins pop out of there arms or hands .. Idk why <3
Live from rendezvous ballroom at #LTNY - Creating an information advantage through data mining and industry bench marks
Had one of the BEST girl nights in awhile!! :)
Aw thank you!
Breathe in....& just let it go.
Retweets. For the one who tweeted & for those of us who missed it the first time around cuz of something inexcusable, like work or sleep.
Why shouldn't God accept Gays and their bond' After all he created all. I don't get the point to the question. They are people.
I am just saying, make it harder for guys and they come running.
Drat! Thought that info was just for us & since I don't usually weigh myself I didn't. Hope that didn't take me out. Feel great
Waddup let's go...
Guten Morgen Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Look forward to seeing your website launch tomorrow!
We live in a world where people believe that happiness lies in buyin stupid things you don't need. I can't stand materialism.
Fine, I'll watch the last 20 minutes of Up close and personal if Air Force One is on next
I saw that there's a free registration required now for some articles. Is there also a paywall?
Just got back a picture I sent out with the signature of the talented June Foray!
I mean everything i find there is a gem, but that... That is like a 20 karat diamond.
Holy crap blackhawks. After I didn't think you could suck more... #terrible #blackhawkssuck #whyrootforanychicagoteam?
Love brings you face to face with your self. It's impossible to love another if you cannot love yourself. ~ John Pierrakos
Lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : A douche bag of your magnitude could cleanse a whale's vagina.
“: Gonna go to the gym , before I do anything .” good shit<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
thank you for following as well!
On The Phone With My Bestiee
G.M.N.I.: Is under the weather. I need a headrub, some thighs wrapped around me, a glass of Welch's white grape juice, & boneless bbq wings.
The first few seasons of South Park >
Your music was everywhere growing up. From my first skate video to my first car. You will be missed.
they might get it by the cases I get it by the pallet<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>dtfl
My moms at the game with my brother too :)
That presentation was deep!!!
Swiss Beatz - It's me bitches
#HappyMothersDay to my beautiful mommy <33
hey prodigy, i heard you were sick. i really hope you feel better, all that matters in that your ok. i love you, get better
No internet access. This sucks.
yes, you too.
Actually it was $107. The taxes made up the rest. Crazy!
Fan on the field in Toronto.
Democracy is hypocrisy without limitation. -Iskander Mirza
Wishing everybody a happy, safe 4th of July. Enjoy the beautiful day!
#Sixers game day! Philly going to take a 2-1 lead tonight!!!!
Thank You Love <3
Therefore, the summer will (hopefully) consist of mucho travel, due to an excessive amount of vacation days in the bank.
glad you liked it--he blows my mind. "between the folds," a documentary about origami is on netflix and pbs--he's underfeatured
This is the most dreaded part of the relay hangover, when your body doesn't understand which side of the clock you're on.
hell yes!!! what a night, thanks!
If you're off the dating market and have forgotten what getting dumped feels like, try applying for some grants.
There was a fluffy black cat outside my house that was meowing at me and let me pet it, so I named it Reginald.
Had to sign up and learn how to use Twitter for class. This could go horribly wrong.
My car is no longer moving unless I'm going to either of my jobs or cutting hair.. not even for pussy,if they aint driven... I'm strokin it!
Cashier: So are you buying all of these.? Me: Nope, I'm stealing them, but I wanted to tell you first.
great! let us know if we can answer any questions for you :) I DM'd my number over to
thanks Willis :)
Is it edible? O.o
I'll give you an answer but it's complicated so I have to practice it first.
You got it!
Let the countdown to Cassoulet begin! Dinner service starts at 5:00 p.m.
Luckily there's so much out there, I'm sure you'll find one that is for you! :)
<----- good person, better friend. xo
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
up at 2am for more than an hour, why I have no idea but it totally impacted my morning workout plans.
YOUSE GUYSES, ONLY 26 DAYS UNTIL I GET A DAY OFF WORK!!
I love that the bagger perfectly packed my groceries. Frozen together, produce together, etc. Saves me so much time at home!
Eww I just a bird pull a worm out of the ground :(
Only a politician could think it's a great idea to purposely quit paying some of the US's bills-Don't forget we already spent those dollars!
- Leaning left, I read a LOT of criticism of your FP piece. While no authority, believe what you write stands strong.
Live from Universal Orlando with and on the other side of the glass!
pshh u know u like him c;
omg - it looks like that wta / xperia patch on arad's chest should read "hello my name is...."
(replete with Kissed Her Little Sister mash-up backdrop)
_|.-~. SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Sure. Follow for DM.
when are you done with finals?! come play friday night with and I!
Listen To Rocking With The Classics Vol.1 Right Now At www.tinyurl.com/mbclassic1 -
It sucks that I just painted my room and in 4-5 months I'm leaving for college.
Life is Full of Microscopes & Telescopes...
don't think so!
Great to see is Support partner of the year
Thanks :) Sometime it's the little things in life.
so true. I put it off thinking it would help me get home faster, but rush hour had other plans. Home safely now, though. :-)
And make my investment back over time
And...another 10 years with a bad passport picture.
Thinking about booking my Vegas trip for August. Daughter turns 21 taking her Vegas for her present.
Testicular envy rears its ugly head.
Good Monday Morning, Jay! Thanks for the Mention! ;)
" - love is following me!!! they have def motivated me!!! love em! :)"
can u please please please do a girly football player tutorial?????
Now they are running a tile cutter above my head. Awesome.
just informed me she's going to class naked. Watch out boys.
great job this morning on the panel.
That thinks a TV series set at a think tank would be boring shows he never stayed late at an MI Xmas party ;)
you can't take them anywhere. especially not together.
I got hit on by two men and one lady.
Shawty got ass for hours, it be extra long in the shower, n best believe she go to Howard....ode to
<U+2764> You make my whole day baby.
welcome && Carrie is performing so excited to see!(:
RT : should be my new best friend. I should ask her?? ;) hm
I am OBSESSED with that song!! So excited for the new album!! I've already pre-ordered the vinyl with 7".
RT : Yes Dave, I will be there! It's a MUST attend!
I love getting my hair cut!! What oh what will I do?!
Still laying in bed. Not because I want to, but because someone gave me the flu for my birthday
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
Tired and I miss her might see her today
this girls wearing yoga shorts...
ha - same here. Good luck!
um no, I won't look until the week before probably. :)
TONIGHT: All Night Happy Hour 'til close! 1/2 off your favorite appetizers | Party Tunes by | Guest List 916-295-0720
I know is going crazy while is making his entrance lol.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Imma cut you. :P
Hi Campbell! How are you? (:
Banks Resisting Fannie, Freddie Demands to Buy Back Mortgages
It took me awhile to figure out the VC part in your name <3
just saw this. so sorry for your loss, Katie! RIP Duke.
Sister and I are on the cable cars. I think she likes it!
what's on slate so far, yo?
Mark our words: You'll be hearing a lot about the WORST Superbowl halftime show in history over the next few days.
hit me with I heard you keep it in the freezer, on the phone with black now
EnglishMajor.com has now added over 450 qualified, passionate writers to the Mechanical Turk ecosystem.
Avoid the yo-yo dieting trap (gaining and losing, over and over). Yo-yo dieters have a 70% higher chance of having heart problems.
Any chance we can get updates from Fulltilt? Poker Stars is Tweeting, why can't they?
yeah I know
I love when my Pandora gives me a little Journey pick me up. You know me oh so well.
It does't make sense. Congress courts the wealthy that control the country. what about us too. Don't we count too?
Got to 1000 view baby!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT : Some Cap'n Crunch french toast would bring me life right now.......
. Happy Anniversary!! (14 minutes late.)
My desktop could be on Hoarders.
First quarter's not over and 's already broken out the St Patty's Day Angry Birds.
C.R.E.A.M get the money
I really liked the train episode... but I'm only like 5 ep's in.
Forget what we're told before we get too old.
Waiting for the last of the financial reports to come in. Some seemed to have missed the deadline, again.
I enjoy the simple things in life. Like your opinions.
A grandiose Newt wants a major implementation of 10th amendment and new limits on the judiciary. What @ checks & balances & sep of powers?
Cobb County woman wins Jeep playing Georgia Lottery
text me imy!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU GUYS (:
If I want mind control over him. Is that too much to ask?
Being in a relationship is a full time job if youre not ready then dont apply
I never see rainbows, ever since i moved. sucks for me
Last chance to get the mani/pedi special! Call now to get yours before they run out!
Thanks for the RT love!
Dutch ovens are illegal in some states
Each of my days are miracles. I won't waste my day; I won't throw away a miracle.--Kelley Vickstrom
I'm liking it, it's just not getting better than just good so far. Though the characters aren't bad like everyone...
Everyone follow
Good luck!
whahahah! Me too. :)
RT : We've got a special surprise to announce Monday morning. You're going to like it.
For those who have thought: I wonder what Erikka thought about this week in politics...check out tonight Ch.8 8 & 11pm
Hehheehehehehehe >:) I see you.
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
trust me you dont wanna know
OMG HI<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
no problem. has sent me a few of your videos
RT : Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, live the life you imagine.<U+0094> Thoreau
Love the photo, thanks for sharing!
Audio engineering and audio consulting will be provided by Shinobu Mitsuoka, check out her bio in KP services.
Metro train driver this morning from the whiplash school of braking.
#DuringTHeSummer I will go to Warped Tour with my guys and my babee and I will go to Mayhem Fest and meet Phil Bozeman.
I only hope that you guys come to Seattle one day. You guys are awesome and should follow me, yes? :)
Hey has made her own Twitter account, separate from this one. Feel free to follow here there! :) Thanks!
Can't wait to eat the chili made last night!!! It is SO banging! YUM-MEE!!
Man. RIP Yauch. Sad times.
Check out smbmsp.org/live to see the event they are hosting LIVE!
Seattle was Great! Off the Kennewick for the next 2 days. 3 more classes to go then home for 2 days!
I love when my body is on auto-early saturday morning wake up. Now wtf am I supposed to do? Im the only one of my peeps awake!
I'm so happy I can't verbalize it :-)
Burgers build smarts! RT : hard 2 concentrate on my paper when i know i'm abt 2 get sum w/ so soon!
Im watching every game of the season
like I said man you're listening to the wrong country!
please disregard tweet, i have your info. checking into this.
Day game. First pitch. Hit it off the left field foul pole. Beautiful.
It is a good thing that you're moving past the drama! Have a great weekend!
RT : #womcc Key principle of word of mouth is "would anybody tell a friend?" About your ad, package, service, feature...
For display in journal pages? I like the idea of reciprocal links, like trackbacks.
Woohooo! is up and ROCKIN it at
Whaaa!!! I think it was super bad timing 4 him & as a independent I dislike him, but im not in favor of any of the candidates.
Arrgh! Why Forest why?? Time to drink.
70% of revenue of ntl chain drug stores comes from annual event. Focus is on value
#2011in3words? Very damn strange.
Santa Fe NM 1st Quarter 2011 Home Sales and Median Prices Holding Steady.
#milwaukee What projects around the house does everyone have coming up in the near future?
Also, every time I type "sharing" I'm afraid I'm accidentally going to type "sharting"
Remember, it's National Slap Someone Silly When They Sneeze Day.
They sell alcoholic whipped cream now?! This is truly the greatest time to be alive.
#gossipgirl was actually kind of alright tonight. As much as I love the show, I can see it ending soon :(
So I messed up my contacts and can't see much, its blurry like I'm goin 100 mph! Ha
Debate among yourselves - best drummer ever? Retweet with your answer!
#ThatOnePersonWho Hates on Austin Mahonefor no reason.
Where is that made?
Thanks for great write up about The Battle of Florida Collegiate All Star Game. Co founders Iamunno/McNeely.
where we going?
Damn, Florida Panthers finally make the playoffs after 10 years & there are a lot of empty seats in their arena. Lame
I really was surprised but how cool! RT Looks like and I are taking our show back on the road for
Cardio. High stepper then trainer for an hour session now back in the gym for more cardio really trying!! Getting hard pushing through
def not winning
I'm parting with my old habits. I'm kinda sad.
lol yeah he's back and I like him....afraid him and Robin Thicke are too much alike tho We'll see what happens..I love em both
Up Early On This Writing Flow. Wrote About 3 Songs In A Hour. Gonna Try & Get Some Sleep Then Hit The Studio Later On
i expect him to be as good as he was in november
A Night of House Music at the Black Lantern Audio Den, Huntington, NY! Me and my boy Joey Pinto on the same venue tonight!
Ugh. Baseball is so boring
That last tweet will seem random to some, but others will get it.
Great win by the Giants tonight - hopefully the naysayers will eat some humble pie this week!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> yeah that's right
watching stepbrothers with I wish.............
Sorry, but I am pretty sure THING is correct.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into.-Mahatma Gandhi
Bored waiting for grandmas spanish food<3
so much anger little one
I haven't seen The Toys. Guess I need to to cast my official vote, huh. :) (Something tells me I'll still pick the DJ. Haha!)
'You know son, you can't trust all the info you get there, see this review?'
RT Tell the world I'm coming home.
If only I could turn the hands of time...
<3 I would very much like one yess ahahah
Next up is the Beef Brisket, Once that is done I have a couple deliveries to make! Sure smells good!
We're live-tweeting James Barham's discussion of his new report on #foodhubs today at 10:30am PST. Think there will be news?
flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful,&while it may seem harmless,it can be very hurtful to the person who loves you.<\3
its whatever you know feeling good living better
why do I half to drive to L.A tonight
Gonna go swimming in the backyard then play some playstation 3
I miss 7th grade when we were all best friends. :/
Why they keep trying to try the bears
Dr. Renee Hobbs talks at #acmYMS offers snapshot of national youth media, and the rise of its practice.
To me it always has been.
Better to remain silent & be thought a fool that to speak & remove all doubt. -English proverbs
wow. bean.
Are you fucking serious right now?! Hahahahahaha best all call ever mr. noll
The concept is really cool and quite adventurous. Looking forward to seeing more. Would go well with #NewIdea for
I was a part of a top25 program, yes plenty of additional $$ was flying around, but there need to be some add'll consideration
Not wanting to eat before my dentist appointment... Starving.
I Really Need To Get Up.
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy following your tweets on Colorado.
Lol I'm not quite sure. J-Bar I believe.
Are we giving kids BOTH access and opportunity, rather than just access. -
#NP "Who's thinking about you now?"-
As much as I have learned to hate the Capitals over the years, I must admit I gained a lot of respect for them this year. Bunch of fighters.
: You know it really real when she washes yo azz. Now that's real love.
I make no apologies.
#salute, i just DM'd u
Check out our new Church Site (I still have 16 more pages to ad but) IT's LOADED with Great Stuff for ALL, ESPECIALLY over this Passover/… #
The Aquifer tonight peeps. Houston's own Kyle berg and myself on the decks. Party starts at 10p.m.
Will u #follow me plz today i found out my parents r getting a divorce & a #follow will help a lil bit
HEEBUM : Help Everyone. Educate. Be. Understand. Manifest. H.E.E,B.U.M, today! :)
leave me out of that.not gonna be responsible for killing your skills.lol
Im so sleepy
Thank you Scott Walker for triggering the Law of Unintended Consequences. Now the People are coming for you!
BRING MY CDS TOMORROW OR FACE MY WRATH.
Yeah, you'll love it by the end. You'll sing its praises from on high!
thank you for the mention. Most appreciated!
So many great quotes coming out of 's mouth... "Brands need to be engines of difference"
Thanks for the RT!
Great idea! RT : Q1. We send an email to current staff asking them to welcome the new staff member via email or phone.
right...how's the weather over there? Im burning up over here. Im abt to go to spin class thats all.
i have double checked the bible and i dont see any dates predicting the end of the world
I was explaining how costs of finding loopholes and write-offs out weight benefits for small & middle size biz trying to grow
Love it. RT : 3 guys came to Boise, a liberal, a moderate, & a conservative. Boise said...... Hello
I highly doubt you caught a monster bass
A tie: Blood, Bones & Butter vs. A Visit from the Goon Squad
- you should pick yourself up a pair of smarty pants!
what u need
:) Midnight birthday calls >
Happy Monday….. Stop by Colima Linda Apartment homes and check out our killer deals…. 7575 Linda Vista Rd.92111
Ruled Halloween. Next up, ugly sweaters, of course.
Happy Haitian flag day!!
I can't see this idea of being 600 down and betting 25quid on one number not working every time!
This ice coffee omg
#Wausau #Wisconsin, open house, free food and a tour of the public access computers next Thurs April 19 11-3. Stop by!
I wish I wasn't at work right now
Ann, a blithering idiot like Sarah Palin managed to squeeze in career & family. (But we applaud you for being a stay-at-the-mansion mom!)
I'm just can't wait for #BELIEVE I'm so excited((: #TweetmeMaybe ??<3
haha I love the Canucks but their fans are idiots. I hope they come back though that city doesn't deserve a Stanley Cup.
Look up bull$hit in the dictionary. Now, Google Santorum and tell me which one you'd rather have on your shoe.
Joined our Text list yet? 1 Free kids pass if you text 'TERROR' to 99000
Coming up in 40 minutes on #RadioMAQAM: #Fairuz Good Friday Hymns - Eastern Sacred Songs. Tune in!
Joel Anderson of Banning scores 30 again tonite
Interesting how the #Dodgers are using #DefeatSF instead of
I saw a saying. Sometimes you cry, not because you are weak, but because you have been strong for too long. :)
All mfs do is lie now days.....
I only do it because I know you can handle it. You should hack together a site that displays their tweets on a map
Let's play: Stand-by!
AET working to get smoke and flames in hell. Will that be a problem when I’m in hell?
Warriors didn't foul down four with 33 seconds remaining.
Not the band, just a good ol' Block Party at DTX!
The Twittercast begins...NOW!
Perhaps we shall speak of this shortly. Regardless, ensure that you have reservations. It's not so much on the QT as I thought.
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
Awk...we live in the same house.
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~Einstein. Thanks to for sharing that wisdom!
what am i watching ? O:
"Jeff Who Lives at Home" was a great movie. Very funny and uplifting.. and you're right, a little bit of everything.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just heard the good news! Can't wait to come jam with you in May!
American’s Favorite Destination for Ventless Gel Fireplaces Launches New Products
At the historic Senator theater about to watch Gone With The Wind for the first time
someone just asked me "what date is cinco de mayo?" If you have to ask that question, I don't think Mexicans want to celebrate with you
Next up, commercializing Health 2.0. Lower barriers to entry creating more applications.
Control & Balance. Balance kind of falls under Control but Balance is a lil more descriptive.
lmao chris it looks like glasses but its just a line by mistake
i reall miss you claire!
lol IT CAN'T BE STOPPED. RT : . ooooooooooooohhh snap! GIRLS There it is again!!
Four day weekend for me!
"MR ROCHESTER: Mistakes. I've made a few. But then again... too few to mention. JANE EYRE: I have a list right here."
TY! So excited about tomorrow night's gluten-free #CampusChat!
We saw at Prism Barry McGee show. Were you there too?
I love when people make game apps for things I'm actually good at, but suck at on mobile devices. It's hilarious.
aww thank you hun, so nice to c you care...lol
The more sleep I get, the more tired I am. Why do I function/feel better with 5-6 hours of sleep? I am dead if I get anymore than that.
ok so a murderer made a twitter so he could find mine. #scared with
Q: What do you call a carpenter working in a electrical panel? A: Dead!
Leg 1 of 3 part 18 day poker trip.....Flying to AC for borgata spring poker open $1000 and $2500 re-entry 1 million main event.
Always be friends with the girl that brings food
Yes, we are working on this. Hope to have clarifications and good news from City tomorrow.
#Lugar to #Mourdock "get off my lawn!"
Thanks, Claire! Jill's writing reminds me of yours. Minus the TJ's references. I think of you when at TJs!
In court testifying against our gear thief... You're busted!
Well done sir, well done.
you're awesome!!!! Thanks a million!
Filner says he's the only candidate that would break the strangehold of special interests on the city.
The sex is too damn good.
im on the look out for zombies just i case. Lol i never know...
You know me and pets! =) RT : Please don't own a pet. Leave them for people with more compassion. “:
and TY Keron for the compliments. It means a ton to me
RT Hey kids, don't forget to look both ways before getting hit by a car.
lol, im sure
If you have an idea put it out there. You're a puzzle piece, just keep trying every corner till you find something that fits.
Today’s African Proverb (5.13.12) The woman who is loved receives no refusal. (Kenya- Kikuyu) Like Unlike
oh! haha dang it!
On the other side of the street I knew. Stood a girl that look like you.
i'm not asking anyone else.
r u singing at rafertys this weekend??
can't wait to hear the new music! Hope you're doing well bro! -Jared, P143
Congrats! Hope you are doing well.
that's how i felt this morning - it's particularly hard after such a long drive!
Welcome new followers to the #Museum: , , , and !
I have to agree with you I just watch gdla for the screw ups they have no format
Criminal Minds does a rerun of old vampire episode and awesome stuff ensues...
Im a baby daddy though lol
Tax refunds, federal jobs, national parks...all at risk if the government shuts down. The latest from Capitol Hill just ahead on CBS19
YAY! that works :)
Listen to my ipod goofy<<<
so true i have at least a dozen unfinished songs haha
My new iPhone cam lens with tripod. Fun fun fun!!! ;)
That bitch be lyin like a muthafucka
it's been so long! Do you?!?
Glad to be at #ASLRRA2012 with
the way u make it seem is like a man is selfish. but thats not the case. we go off of what society says we should be to be
On the flip side of my last tweet, when Marquette plays like this they could lose to just about anyone too.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
Sending you lots of love and energy tonight miss your face! Xoxo
Murphy Lee...Either he's dead or just signed to YMCMB
I won't give up so God save us
I think it was time for a new profile picture<U+E420><U+E405>
You're a lucky man; what a great group of people.
The Josh Hamilton show
Are you living by skillful means?
Uggggg, Needs a date to #RPPROM, Who wants to go with me?!?
Dear Buttermilk, Where have U been all my life? I love U. U make eggs better, soups heartier & cooking in general more fun. Sincerely, Me.
Hahaha funk just compared this game to "some flying chickens in a barnyard!" gotta love funk.
There's something so comforting about a mediocre ambient airport light installation
Dude...awesome...thanks, so much!!!
When do you send the eggs on twitter?
Laughing "I had neighbors that were trekkies. They were alcoholics."
Oh, the places you'll go! #happytobealive!
I want to have elf ear cartilage modification.
It was really nice meeting you the other night!!
NHT wants to know: What gets you to the theater? Is it a certain actor, a kind of play, because your bored, etc...
Sunday night is Five Buck Burger night! Come in and enjoy a burger and a pint of Elliott Bay's Organic Demolition Ale.
Fighting off this cold so I can prepare for another busy weekend: 5+ photo shoots, concert and concert!
Great to see in the It's Easy Being Green Finds email! Congrats & happy sales to you!
"Navigators tell us of black nations, who think so differently of their own condition, that they paint the devil white." Robert Boyle, 1664
There's only 1 thing I can count on every day... and that's morning wood.
#alicebucketlist Do it.
Oh I see. We speak the same language! woof woof? :)
How are museums and civil war venues celebrating Presidents Day. consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at...fb.me/18Fw7UfBp
Sry that was actually a bit confusing. Pick back up April 14th, but there are also 14 total races in our series. Ok, there we go!
Head'n over to Taft for some afternoon
love you plz follow me and hope you get better soon
your welcome! and im Melanie! happy summer to you to haha :)
"lying underneath the stormy skies, the sun must set to rise. This could be #paradise " <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
Had dinner with two #BSPI members last night and met many people afterwards. Looking forward to today.
Today's gift card winner is Kasey Alexandra Noel. Congratulations!
Thanks for the mention!
welcome back! too bad i'm in austin and don't get to celebrate your return.
#FollowFriday Follow these wonderful people for great info.
I will post on the SS Ning this weekend.
is u ok
two days left of work!!
his form is different when he's wide open, it's weird and much slower
I culd just keep doing this for the next 10 minutes lol.
Good nite sleep tight. Don't let the bed bugs bite!
just want to fade away
Just call me Mr. Making shit Happen
Get in touch. Win 2 tickets - Last Night of the Proms 28th Jan Palace Theatre #Newark. Just tweet or DM why you deserve to win by 19th Jan.
These are for you Bailey
We're glad to hear it! Welcome, and we look forward to working with you!
PORTLAND!!!! we can go from seapunk to icepunk in only a 3 hour drive here
RT : Terpujilah nama Tuhan.. ~ What language is this, if I may ask?
This. So much this. RT Nicki Minaj's lyrics are so complex!
Even Some Vigorous Activity Boosts Kids’ Heart Health - Adding 20 More Minutes of Exercise a Day Can Make Big Difference...
#ImHopingThat i can get this house painted today
Members of Arts Council of Fairfax County, Arts Council of Montgomery County, or Cultural Alliance of Greater Washington - DISCOUNT ALERT!
did you send it as a "broadcast message"?
Girls who look at you up and down like there's a problem , but to pussy to open up there mouth to say anything >>>> #Haveaseat ...
This rookie has got some game!
Bandwagonning it tonight, Lets go Heat!
so pretty disappointed my 18th b-day is almost over and no tweet or RT from
If #Angles Bourjos is on the market, #Phillies should offer minor league SP. Bourjos replaces Victorino when he leaves.
because everyone loves having to figure out time differences to watch the opener. It's a mental spring training
Toots with brother!(:
I don't know I signed on with my fb account
i love you iconic boyz
Only a couple of days left....then onto the next chapter.
Curious, which competitive sport do you think provides the most physical activity for young & old through the lifespan? Share your thoughts.
Bring the Spring & welcome back Cobble Hill's as they officially reopened this weekend with new flavors like maple soft serve
Did you see that last break by #Louisville?
Meeting tonight!
Take care over there. Do hope you have power and phone for Saturday.
Philippians 4:13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me.
its about time. Don't forget to follow imani And
Ok, thank you!!
Hi Chaterine thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe we can even work together??
if you have anchor holding you back, cut the chain or it could sink your ship..
Brown got called for a dive but Smith didn't when he barely got bumped and flopped all over?
I'll have to remember that but I doubt I would drink that in public. Haha
hahaha accurate, maybe.
Te gusta el cake?:) RT Now these scrubs are tweeting me cake -_____-
you cant phase me is a beast...about to lease it.
Happy Monday! Still a few days to enter week2 #wonk photo contest. Rules- american.edu/wonk -while ur there take a challenge, read a profile
Don't forget- tomorrow's FREE Arts in the Park & Cosmic Carnival 1-5pm at the Balloon Museum. Food, live music & astronomy
keep calm and carry on.....drinking, doll.
Halloween Weekend Special.Save $100! "Halloween Tour" is available on our website's online res system. Book now, tours filling up quickly!
I know I'm 2 weeks late, but my good friend sent me the most thoughtful hand written valentine in the mail and it was awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Sry about your bike, but glad c2g could help! RT had my bike stolen in downtown this weekend, #car2go saved my life that night.
Truly, I hope not.
I think I have fallen head over heels for you. The last four tweets were priceless! I'll cogitate on the word 'masticate'...
:D Cansada mil :O
Cry me a river :-* - Timberlake
Dude, he built this team from the ground up and had to overpay just to get anyone decent to come here! The team sucked before that
What's 1 sentence of advice you have for properties to use in their 1st sales meeting w a brand/agency?
I'm gonna be scared to even consider getting on the Max from now on. I would've peed and they'd have given me a ticket for that too.
Jackie Chan, Anna Paquin, Neil Patrick Harris. *G*
just tried your sales visualizer: very cool :) ...Feature suggestion for v2.0: higher numbers! ;D j/k. Thanks for the tool!
Mondays are ruthless, amirite?
If u still wear silkies under yo pants, my nigga you are a fuckin bum
why didn't I see this tweet till now?!? What coffee shop were you at?
Ticket in hand thanks to You owe him a beer since he gave it away for free!
hahaha love this so much! :)
Ally thought that the white stuff on the taquitos at Cheesecake last night was mayonnaise.
'Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you' Ralph Waldo Emerson
Haha. You're adorably queer. :P Yea, 1st season was way better. Maybe 3rd will rise to the occasion.
they say that one loses wisdom when getting their wisdom teeth pulled.
Who has better glasses? Tyler Clippard or Alvaro Espinoza? Discuss.
On opening weekend. Twice, maybe.
Chandra Manning talking about why the Union troops loved Lincoln as part of the Abraham Lincoln Association's Symposium in Springfield...
Nice loss #WhiteSox ! Had Dunn done something... like field the ball in the 5th or not strike out again and again... you would have won.
Congratulations to last week's online voting winners: Mrs. Coloardo Int'l - Melissa Heideman & Mrs. North Carolina Int'l - Kimberly White!
People cashed in over 250 groupons last week. There are still some 1000 left to be used. Bring it on!!
There can't be very many of those.
Spectacular last day of Summer 2011 in Buffalo NY! Brilliant sunshine… 73 degrees …& the aroma of street vendor hot dogs….
Anything for you my dear!! :))
I dont think nobody in boxing history couldve beat the early 2000's Floyd...maybe one of the Sugar Rays but that's it
I can't wait to start my new job!
It's my own Very Special Kickstarter.
you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.(:4
we can make that happen
Red solo cup, I fill you up.....
Yay booze. ": Gov. Dayton's spokeswoman says in email that Dayton would sign bill allowing beer at TCF Bank Stadium.”
i'mma go talk on the phone with #oomf. #goodnight. <33 :*
is having marathon rehearsals here in Utah! Composers covered today: Ravel, Erica Ball, Mozart and Mendelssohn.
My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.”
Dont text or anything, wanna be left alone...
A 3 1/2 hr lunch with my BFF and shopping at Oakbrook on a perfect day is a great start to my weekend
Discussions are underway. Expect a formal announcement soon.
What did the egg say to the boiling pot of water? (It's going to take me awhile to get hard because I just got laid by some chick.)
just ate some Chipotle i feel full as FUCK
Is that in D-town? If so, where?
Im nothing without you, baby..<|3
studying for comp. must b a good student
Shout out to for winning the free pizza contest.
thank you for following katie. what is 'yogini'? let me grab the dictionary! lol
For those saying "We Love Keann" is a stupid TT, have a heart. She wants to commit suicide we're trying to show her we care so stfu.
Getting your subconscious on board with your conscious commitments is a beautiful thing! Utilize your emotions & symbols to do this. Enjoy.
articles or 's tweets?? So torn on what to procrastinate with right now.
My ex bf/love always get mad at someone, take it out on me then call me phony
I hate when people tel u they love n miss u bt they write n the nxt nigga or hoe face n teln them the same dam thing!!?
It be awesome, lol!
Oh we mean it! #wholelattelove back at ya :)
#random.... is it true what they say, if you don't believe in you no one else probably will either.
yea i still have all the stuff and it hasnt even been a month yet...im just gonna swap them tom. thanks!
Munching on a bit of #moonfruit as I shorten my digital cv.
Congratulations on breaking 2 world records. Thank u for ur hearts to raise awareness about
Artist Dee Lucas will be performing tomorrow from 7:00PM to 10:00PM.
is cool
Didn't go to school today. Was only going for 2.5 Hours. Hopefully can come to town.
Tell someone you know about We appreciate the occasional
PayPal Now Processing $315 Million In Payments Per Day
me going natural.. sorry that was pretty incoherent.
It looks like the San Fran Giants are trying to make it to the wildcard...they will fizzle...just like every other year!!
morning alex (:
Miss you and can't wait to see you later today!
tired as shittt.
"If you Believe, it will Happen."
Julie Browman is super hot and that is all there is to it.
I'm going to my cousin's house because she just graduated.
I'm tired, yet my brain won't hush up. I just want to sleep!
all waiting since last march? Why add jobs when there is no demand?
Spurs starters: Patrick Mills, Danny Green, Kawhi Leonard, Boris Diaw and DeJuan Blair.
you guys are already basically family!!!
Follow the leaders
We play at The Lincoln Theater tonight 9pm, for "One Night Only" event, with Dave Powers, Nick Tolford &Company, Colin Lazarski, and more!
My headache is so intense right now, that punching my head off would be the only way to get rid of the throbbing, I think.
Me 2! I'm on black bean burger RT : I'm like a kid - only crave certain things & eat all the time until I'm sick of it
Happy mothers day ladies!
Wow, she really does look beautiful.
Today is my last day here in Miami :) Goodbye!!! You'll always be my first love but here I come
How stoned was Ben Stiller when he taped that spot?
The happiness of any society begins with the well being of the families that live in it.
I just need to get through today and then I have a day off.
You will probably never see this, but thanks for everything you have taught me <3
Penn vs Diaz!!!
if you dont stop it ill defenestrate you.
ATTENTION UCF!!! BookHolders is currently at University of Central Florida!! Thats RIGHT come sell your books back to us for $$$$
Not feeling the KICK anymore from your preworkout supplement? Time to take a break and try a new stimulant, or go awhile with none at all.
..eyes on you eyes on me :D :) cielbert
I hate how you just volunteer me to do shit!
Tim Tebow and Katy Perry? Say what!!!!
Blue Raspberry was the favorite tonight. Almost everyone ordered it! M
follow us
love you lots :)x
Pacific Beach Surf Report: 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS
thank you for being our 600th follower
Insecure leaders breed mistrust. Leaders secure in Christ's love empower seething confidence in their team.
The touchscreen on my phone died on Wednesday, gotta get a new phone...
Decided not go to the haunted hotel since it's like 15 bucks for a 2 min thing... Yard House for drinks and kbbq tacos was definitley better
Thanks Free Fun in Austin!
I'll run all over you
Angelina: Kids Still Asking Us About Wedding - Entertainment Tonight News
i have 2 first generation that are not assembled. Mix N Match working parts to complete One. Any interest? DM offer.
not for Briana but for us yes! lol I may actually be in New Orleans next weekend so might have to visit you on the job lol
we are giddy here at We're sizzling up your Veggie Chips tonight. Looking forward to a successful & Yummy party.
truck pole for kevin harvick, but 2nd for cup race it ok let get the win lets go harvick you can do it!
Learn more about #fostercare and #adoption at today's Change Who Waits rally at Grove Baptist Church! It starts at 10am. Bring a friend!
#20ThingsAboutMe 17. I'm not athletic.
Join us Monday at 9pm ET for #InternPro's "I'm graduating… now what?!" chat with
I feel loved by
Its amazing what good management can do!
resistance is futile, scrum is the answer
Eating grits & watching Pretty Women after an amazing night out with . Love Pretty Women. Julia Roberts is the original Ginger.
holding strong on the quad - DAY 1 of the #Bradley encampment -
sure don't
because then that would make life to easy. But wouldn't it be great -____-
Happy birthday Octavia Butler! The science fiction African-American author was born today in 1957, in Pasadena, CA.
What is ure "go-to" meal to make that is inexpensive to but goes a long way?
Not sure I'm worth following. My tweets: Chicago stuff, ancient Greek, lotsa baseball. Been resisting having multiple accounts.
GIVE THANKS, and let us move on
Changed my icon.
Finally got my lazy ass up!! :)
Driving range
Bad ass! Segal is pretty much my 80's hero.
Mhmm. Babe I miss you.
i love big cameras, they look so classy on a picture !
Thanks Peggy! Great to see you here ;). Look forward to your next health session on Monday. Blessings, Kerry
Lol true true, they don't know what's really good.
Everything that happens to me is my choices and decisions. So I cant blame nobody!
Truth is I'm alone in this city
Whats a bunk note
if u havent become a fan of my music page yet. i have one question. why do u hate good music!!! lol
LIKE! RT : Today is #WorldAIDSDay! We're giving 10% of all proceeds to ! Pls RT!
Logging footage in real time. Fuck yeah
Is trying to make gingerbread muffins. Sadly, they don't look like "one big chewy corner." Darn.
RT : For Everybody That Want Good Camera Work Hit Up Nice Work.
what time y'all gonna be here Thursday
Don't think I could make it through each day without my forgiving savior.
Let friendship creep gently to a height; if it rush to it, it may soon run itself out of breath. Thomas Fuller
I deserve what I seek. I am the King's kid.
Reminder: Staff Meeting at 6pm Friday 4/16. Hope you can make it! Email Amada for more info.
I'm not sick but today i don't feel good
you're being too modest! Boast a little bit, girl!
Probably will go- maybe night out together
they are sending me a schedule for what time to be there & it's on the 19th. it's an all day thing so keep the whole day open !!
Is the #Abarth a collectible item? The team at thinks it could be a collector's target down the road.
HAHA I didn't even see it I swear! Great minds thinking alike is all!
The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade is Scheduled For January 16, 2010 In Downtown-Houston Originating @ City Hall And Will Begin @ 12:00 PM
it is i hate the cold wbu do u like or hate it? <3333
you gotta love Florida weather! NOT
Do I ever cross your mind... anytime? Do you ever wake up reaching out for me?
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
good meeting you tonight at the event!
President Obama has just touched down in El Paso, TX.
Big things are brewing and on top of that its beautiful out!
Be sure your vehicle is ready for the holiday travel. We'll check and top off your vehicle's fluids with our premium service oil change.
Making homemade pizza and drinking wine- hello weekend!
DeMaio asks to respond to FIlner's Convention Center statement. He reiterates his position on the CC.
im glad i made you laugh :)
Parents are our primary teachers in preparation for marriage. The quality of their training directly impacts our success or failure..
cliff lee throws about 10 pictches for every Hughes throws
of course!!
its hard to see the one you love walk away into thin air
Now officially done with class for 2 weeks! Now onto #fishing!
like the far side cartoon with a dog bark translator. turns out all dogs are saying "hey! hey! hey! hey!"
I don't care what all those iPhone haters say! My iPhone 4 is the bomb!!!! I lovee my my new iPhone!!!
I did it. I finally beat Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning. 61 hours. So many side quests. No more RPGs now for a while. Oh man.
Jus cut the check bro >>RT : Been on hold with the IRS for 43:12
We're in the top of the sixth inning. No outs, no runners on base.
": When I get older, I want to be like Louis.I want to still have an incredible sense of humour and be forever young inside."
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
Showing today in the Diversity Film Festival: "Our Spirits Don't Speak English: Indian Boarding School" 5 p.m. SLIS Commons
nice work girl... diggin your tracks... would luv to catch a show...
check home page.."Spring's'NEW Hue, AQUAMARINE" great accessories that inspire
Wishing and were working with me tonight!
then shes two faced about that too,fause she called marissa a bitch for not putting her name on the cake.
thanks ladies!
The mall is spooky in the morning.
Kossuth~ The unspoken word never does harm.
Susan Gibbons of URochester at panel on Millennial Gen grad students says grad students want print on demand - YES!
www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc enjoy some mixes
hows your day going?
I really don't want Boston to win, but they're the only team in the East that can beat Miami. So yeah.
a pleasure meeting you too!
You're welcome! And Yes of course!!!
Somebody put the Knicks out of their misery. Please. Oh, wait. The Heat are already doing that
OMFG NO WAY!!!! Thats literally my dream. I'm crying omg mother knows you!!!
Axford is starting to look more and more like a lighter haired version of the Captain Morgan guy! Nice save
Also - I randomly ran into today, it's always cool to see her. You're such a small town, Seattle.
Or you're just bad at math.
I would like to chat with you about site. It could be cool to have you as guest. Talk about the industry in ur area.
well i dont have them, there at bikestyles lol
I love !
Shoutout to Follow her, she promos daily!
Im humble to the heart
I'm definitely inquiring. he's just having none of it.
Oh well #Nuggets you gave it your all, and that's all that counts!
“The future is here. It’s just not evenly distributed.” William Gibson
Don't forget about TC's chopper in Magnum P.I.
This green is good.
At #ATT texting rates, sending a CD worth of data would cost you $97,500
I think profit will kill ms. fit though
Y'all tweet me I'll reply!
Thanks so much for the encouragement! Hope you have a lovely evening :))
We love these kinds of messages!: "RISD gave me everything I needed to pursue my dream. I am so grateful for that!" -Marisa Murrow IL '00
#ThingsIDislike Rude customer service Reps!
Are you stuck in your business and can't determine why?
It's amazing someone your age covering such legendary artist. I'm going to send you a DM.
you could be right.
Am hoping they didn't fine-tune it due to checking out my split ends upon check-in. Love freebies!
$20 off any hair service today. *new clients only.
you look alot younger. lol, but i feel old just cause i have a daughter thats old lol...it gets to me sometimes. haha
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky
We're generally wowed by anything cake-related. ;)
what??? Since last time???
OK one more batch to go and roasting day will be complete. Smelling good up in here :)
goldust can still get down!! It would create a great and very cliche brother rivalry.. One we haven't seen in a while.
RT : You know how we know there's no injuries of any kind on his person, The officers AREN'T wearing surgical gloves!
John Griffith addressing lunch attendees. Mentioned importance of community partnering together to
I've "known" Josh on twitter for a while i suppose. Besides you, he's the only other Phish fanatic i follow
Essien is a shadow of the player he was
So far no higher-ups have tried to influence reporting on the mayor's race. Every word has been my own (aside from minor edits).
Only 16 performances left to see LOMBARDI on Broadway!
So excited for my friends Gelisa & Arthur! Love is eternal
That awkward moment when its 8:28 and I STILL haven't got a text from ..... the world is ending for sure...
They've installed traffic lights in a nearby rotary. If you install traffic lights in a rotary, it is no longer a rotary.
Also love for shows at
stop who's is it really?
Six essential qualities that are the key to success Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
1/2 Tumaini Publishing very own Author & Actress J Marie Cooper, will be one of the Power Speakers and Presenter for the Power Cluster 2011,
What's this Facebook Student Friend? You want to tag yourself in landscape photos of ABQ? No... that's ridic.
Oh dear. Maybe after 92.
When you think of me, what's the first word that comes to your mind: cranky or really not bad
can I get some retweet luv from all the baddest chicks!!!
let them have there time together while they can :p
I do it because I'm on the job hunt right now. There's nothing bad out there, but just to check
Oh, I had my moments, and if I had to do it over again, I'd have more of them
I hate when guys call a girl hot or sexy, that's what you call a slut not the BEAUTIFUL women you're in love with.
I'm at Pearl Harbor and I'm just thinking about you and how #American you are!
What game are you most looking forward too for this weekend?
If Larry Bird steps down as GM Herbie better get on the phone & bring Donnie Walsh back. Hes outta NY after this year
Lots of balls being dropped today on
I can be your best friend, good person, enemy or worst nightmare, it all depends on how you treat me.
Excellent! Good luck.
make a plan, work your plan. most of us don't plan to fail, we simply fail to plan.
gi joe and spiderman are the only ones I wanna see.
I certainly hope so! you sound like me...
Sang a song in front of an audience without nerves, and even sang the right words(;
and we are in the mix for some 5 star guys in 2013. I'm liking it.
Please everyone, continue to #FF for us because we still have this stupid twitter follow limit! >:/ We will of course return the favor<3
Be yourself. People may or may not like you, but it's important that you stay true to who you are.
it's okay. :) I'll see you tomorrow.
I Look A Hot M E S S And I D G A F *Shrugs*
I wanna nap, but it's SO pretty outside <U+2600><U+263A>
rest in peace dolla why is it fucked i see niggaz jump on his dick when he passes check out miseducation of dolla bill
Turn out to be the ones you know the least
Have a wonderful day lovelies x. :D
Oh and....raise that jolly roger
Dear , follow because he is the future love of my life. Feel free to show him how awesome I am. <3 your sissy
Bet my ducks peepin away missin his pops..
I think homeopathy is great... but I wouldn't rely on it cure cancer.
Buying phone covers as if they're clothes for my phone
RT : Redskins officially re-signed RB Tim Hightower to a one-year deal.
What's new, bro?
Day 2, on the set of "CRACKERJACK" the movie. is a pro actress.
Orioles in First place!
Did you find 20% off coupon ? Log in to Twitter account, go to home tab, look under direct messages..
Up and AT it!!!! On my way to do this 5 mile walk and it's cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Thank God my friend was found. She tried to go to VA to see this guy she was supposedly seeing. ugh i don't know what to do with this girl!.
is a loser and shady!
POTUS has done a lot for gay rights, but he can't truly say he endorses full equality until he endorses marriage equality.
Cabby!!! Home run
Happy Holy Zombie Day!
S/0 2 ....thru all the goods, bads, ups, downs, rights and lefts....She'll still be a good friend 2 u....
We miss you and Wilmy to!!! :(
Confident that Lori's Diner, SFO, is the best airport restaurant America has to offer.
#NativeAmericans are getting their due from 2012 LA SKINS FEST
I will come over to your house just to use the toilet.
i couldn't agree more, hear is 2 the sweet spot!
#FF our new followers Thanks everyone!
It's so hot in ny!!!
thanks for the article!
A Indy racecar?! RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for this Tuesday. What's the best thing that you think an IndyCar fan could win?
Can some one PLEASE come with me to the SAT tomorrow !!!!
{ YOU NEED YO LIL ASS WHIPPED YOU SMELLING YOUR SELF AGE DON'T MAKE YOU GROWN PAYING BILLS DOES
Yelp would be a great site if it weren't for all the Yelpers
He has to go pee like every hour, and im pretty sure the kid is awake playing in her room hahaha
is a fragment after a comma.
I can't find my geometry book! Oh my god.
staying w/ my sister & my gorgeous niece tonight ;)
You betcha. Just flipped. The student becomes the teacher :)
I'm over halfway through Mockingjay and really want to put it down. I'm so discouraged. Does it get better? with Peeta?
lmao on me trell stayed home to
Wondering whether these Nikes might not be safe to wear either. No, wait, I'm white. No problem.
When I wear my old KROQ Inland Invasion girlie tee w/ cut-off sleeves, it means serious housecleaning is about to transpire.
What's everyone doin?
Yes live United States the better country for life
The Barefoot Contessa just gets me
Sup tweeters?! Check out our cover of "Sunshine of your love" by Cream. Dig that sh!t
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
i dont like my siblings either they are so annoying like my big sis is boy crazy and then my lil sis has an attitude
+1 RT : My sinuses are going to implode. Go away thunderstorm!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The ideas that have lighted my way have been kindness, beauty, and truth." ~Albert Einstein
Im so going away for college decision made no one can change my mind
Follow Naked Like Adam on Twitter
hey sister in law
how is Maggie doing? Hope things are improving...
Well, no--I know the ghostwriter.
Out.. Standard sht spot. Pretty bummed. Gl to rest of the hsplo guys
you welcome !!!
Adele for drive home with big brother!
Doing a mental refresh! ;)
hockey update?
I could drink that in one weekend. lol!
okay I'm addicted to these new chicken bites from Checkers. Actually I don't know if they are new but I don't care...yum!
GOT 2 MIXTAPES DROPPING THIS WEEK
is it new??
Now thats a big ass party!!!!
It's completely acceptable at the age of 27 to sleep till noon and then have Oreos for breakfast, right?
so, hey, well, i'm back to being moosecaca.. c;
sticks and stones may break my bones but chains and whips excite me
you can, but it's like using a double negative. You just don't not do it.
That vid for the phantom on Emery Highway looks awesome. Can't wait to read Sunday's piece.
sick puppies always are given pity.
Congrats Class of 2012! "Those who...hope in the Lord...will soar on wings like eagles" Is 40:31 Just don't trip on stage!
i guess i'll wait for the cool greys!
Some fool just put his hand on my arm as I went by, in a sad attempt 2 hit on me. I let him hear it! #KeepYourHandsToYourself :)
I don't like it when someone puts my "" in a tweet that makes it seem like I'm praising something that I'm not. Not cool.
Free parking for guests @ Comfort Inn Vancouver, WA. Watch fireworks @ Fort Vancouver. Book @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Riding the bus home<<<<
The chef in u should be smacking yourself for that :) RT: : Idk why white castle fries sound so good right now....
Hey Girl! Hugs!
hah i know she's hatin on us
RT : i don't ask for much.
thank much for retweeting.
But I was totally ready and had my homework and everything, so I'm a responsible person.
Let me cut through the BS of Jobs' presser: Free cases for iP4 owners, cause, you know, we effed up... But you're still holding it wrong.
it's a surprise, but I promise I'll bring something incredible to the Taste of the Nation gala this year!
Please keep Mike O'Connell in your prayers. As we learn more we will share.
sounds good to me :)
Always Strive And Prosper
The #Andersonville guy & his adoring bandana dog @ Starbucks. While waiting for coffee, surprises dog from other door w/string cheese snack.
are you talking bout me? :'(
agreed! echo park seems like a good option
Calling all X cocaine and heroin addicts. Help us keep the next family safe with tools to detect. Donations help our program grow
Does that count as fusion cuisine? LOL Enjoying my lunch, Calif. roll and chocolate milk
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1976 in #London, the #SexPistols played their first show at The 100 Club.
Harder to explain that your job is not just to report, but to observe long-term, theorize and perhaps critique, and then gain access.
Doing well, thank you! Just released my second album "After Hours"
Sunning myself today, fleetingly, between obligations, like the palest lizard in Chicago.
joshua on announcement making
I understand. Take care!
how cute you are c;
shout out to you too ((:
hold up lemme look em up
good day for a get something warm and drive safe:)
No problem! If you get the wrong length you can always curl your hair and it'll look gorgeous!
giving an online final right now. students are madly (invisibly) writing in disparate locations & I'm "on call" via email. Feels postmodern.
i know you do omfg
would Calvins catch have stood if it were in the end zone rather than just the sideline?
No one likes a fivehead...
Kansas AG Derek Schmidt and David Henry Hwang sparring in the basement of Memorial Hall. Good work,
I Hear Voices In My Head O.o fml.
Thank you to everyone that stopped by our booth this week. We had a great time and built some solid relationships at the show
Startups: Give Us Your Best One-Sentence Pitch
I know right?
Ah well. And so to bed. Good luck, #nats!
My bed >>>>> Anyone else's bed
What's up with the porn chicks all of a sudden 'following' me? Ladies, I am so not interested in your tweety-spam.
what does that do?
I already follow him so can u DM him for me? (:
low rent lyrical content? I'm partial to clever beats and instrumental strength...personally :)
successful souvenir shopping: a Norweigan cheese cutter, a stuffed moose, and several ugly troll magnets
I'm out side my aunts
I want yo money so give up bitch
: Hey! How are you??? How's the book going??
I've walked that way thousands of times. Wait till you see hawks
#slpeeps What are you using for a standardized measure of pragmatic language? Have used TOPL in the past but looking for something better.
your belief he mysteriously became unfunny is mind-boggling to me.
And here we go....
Julie Essington wins the Michael Walczak scholarship!
The last day of my 2nd album pre-production session is going very well. Be on the look out for the single and eventually the album!
No? not sure I agree with you, I am still a relative twitter newb, but I have noticed some hashtags success in exposure
How do you know when you're in for a long night? ... Your bosses order food for the entire office.
guys im taking my <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080> the McDonalds so bye
Awaiting confirmation from my team.
watchin some wak ass performers on bulls and slabs wut j big, ice,
Thanks new followers!
As a long time loyal customer I'm really unimpressed with the new United (old Continental) website. It's so bad.
Late Gymflow with bro
- android, iOS and web platforms over here. 3 code bases :( Fortunately I don't have to format the ePub content :)
welcome to the fold! Love your site - cheers! NHF
Private equity firms make money? How terrible!
Such a good movie.
enjoying a marathon, as always!
>> RT : Today I will awesome all the things.
Take a deep breath you are strong. You can do this, ego aside head held high. Only winners take the challenge and rise.-My Dad
Bartt scott jets linebacker used the meeze to insult a QB... classic!
Congrats Cards, great job!! Congrats, Virginia :-)
My dad was mad and my little brother told him : " No grite pa " lmao
In the ATL on my way to Memphis to bring in the New Year
Hello!! Glad to join and follow this new account. My daughter and I thoroughly enjoy and love iCarly. Best wishes to you always.
yeah those things are good! Haha
Twitter chief Dick Costolo met with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as Internet age technologies play growing roles in world affairs.
that's coo im headed in now
I was in Madison last night, will be in MKE til Saturday morning when I head down to Cho=i
yeah I hear ya! Me too!
Thinking about writing a short true story on Twitter?? Would I have to write it backwards?? :-)
In Walgreen's town of perfect, Palestine declares statehood and Isreal says, #byanymeans carry on.
Thanks for the support!! RT : & killed it tonight
You could die right now, and I honestly wouldn't care. That's how badly you've fucking hurt me.
Goodmorninq Twitter ;Alot of things on my mind :))
what's your username
What ever happened to Lisa Irwin? Why are these parents getting away with this?!?!?
I've been heartbroken a MILLION times but guess wat i say "There are other hot guy out there who want this"(:Yes Yes i know im weird..
TORNADO WAS LOCATED 6 MILES NORTHWEST OF ELROSA...OR 16 MILES EAST OF GLENWOOD...MOVING EAST AT 30 MPH.
do that...
Don't prank about robbery! A 14-year-old boy in Houston was killed that way when I was there.
Anyone wanna chill later?
Vast active living intelligence system
Happy hump day!! What is everyone up to!?
Neil Macdonald: 2 billion reasons to regulate America's banks: Dimon went instantly from Wall Street's great leader to its great wall...
so sleepy #goodnight #sleepwell is it Friday yet?
RT : Loving my daily post-lunch 7:01am from I drink it about 7 hrs off from its namesake, but hey, it works!
Michael jackson had a love affair with whitney. They would of been perfect couples, but everything has a reason. Rest in peace MJ&WH.
I'm itching to go back to Connecticut for a little bit. I miss lakes. ice cream stands. humidity.
My pleasure, checking it out now
#NFLAldraft Harrison Smith was also the brilliant alias that Plaxico Burress used when checking into the hospital after shooting himself
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist It Will Rain
You're welcome, Hannah!
no you did a poor job of picking him over CP3. Not happening for big Marv
oh the joy of my life! -_-
he's just so attractive okay. hah
Happy Monday Lichi Lovers!! Any healthy thoughts for the day? ours is to NOT have a single unhealthy thought today...
Looks like an aardvark with that extended nose!
I guess now would be the time to start my homework?
I hear there are a lot of cops on campus today.
Working on a new MP orig...it's a 12x40 using the Pixel-Micro concept...but with a twist!
I wish girls could respect themselves instead of putting off a bad rep.
LOL. He is a loser though. Hahaa
I still have a Zoey 101 necklace.
It is truly better to give ...
Kirstie Alley's Organic Liaison Rescue Me Kit in stock. Developed by Alley & expert nutritionists to create natural, organic products.
Love Sam & Mercedes!!!!
Fruit snacks is hitting
You are SO right!
Haven't been here in a while. Getting back to Twitter today.
Indeed, indeed. -- "It's OK if you like money. Just remember to love people." - Simon Sinek
The holidays are a time to acknowledge one's flaws. I'm aware that my lack of humility is what makes me so fabulous!! Merry Christmas!
Is it bad that I like Justin Beiber's Xmas song?
well if u need someone to take care of your extra chapsticks... You know who to call
A little sushi and wine for dinner then it's off to the
great being my biggest fans. How lil sis
Visit our booth #814 and enter to win 10,000 gloves! Just text "Like The Glove Group" to 32665 on your mobile phone!
I wonder who UL hates more Willis or Teague?
Roses are red, violets are blue. Donuts are sweet... and so are you! (awww...)
(AP) -- Judge says he'll sign order declaring Natalee Holloway, teen missing in Aruba, legally dead
The room photo was shot on the fifth floor at MOMA, the FIGURE STUDY in my livingroom
since u mentioned #gameofthrones I will not now! Its so awesome! R u currently caught up?
how man
im rey take a shxt. brb.
#DNation MKE coach is getting after it this week! Our #runners are PUMPED as they get their training plan!
Winner wins a voucher for 2 kids to enjoy during a or show, or
Cody Robert Simpson - Everything i need and more <3
Yup, got my kids working in the warehouse too!
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it. Find the recurring themes, and use them as your blueprint for getting publicity.
Capture the crown> thanks
OK, thanks :)
I know I am, bitch. >:D
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!
I believe I made a good choice =) I had to let you know.that your in the wrong <3
completely agree on Spencer's standing ovation. Reverse racism. Condescension.
"O come, O come, Emmanuel, and ransom captive Israel, that mourns in lonely exile here until the Son of God appear."
I don't think you are elitist at all and don't think you are Independent either.
we usually strive for an hour and depending who's on the chat can last more or a little less...
Leavin Universal Studios Universal City Walk frm Movies finally c n THNKLIKEAMAN i dnt usually Watch Movies bt i Supprt PHILLY
Don't be upset. You'll see each other again! Love you guys..xo
yes.. she dont care if they are there or not apparently.. that bottle comes first
RT : “Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom” ~ Aristotle
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
Now this idea I like!
no, no in baseball it's an "imaginarium"
Who knew the technological world of the future would have so many face-to-face meetings? I guess you see plenty of meetings in Star Trek.
Happy mothers day!
Lol has me cracking up I need 2 go back to jersey so me and her can be friends cause she just makes me crack up
i dont judge, i comment -by lily
Hypnotized has been in my head all day
Being a copy editor is sometimes like being your only friend who has a pickup on the day everybody is moving at once. But I'm happy to help.
It is probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limits and problems.
Good news: my Gmail is working. Bad news: That means I got an email telling me about the people who've unfollowed me recently.
Fit tip: When wt training, exhale on the exertion of a movement and inhale on the return. This keeps a constant flow of O2 to body & brain.
congratulations. I go in today
It's been around since the '80s and I'm just now learning what steampunk is and just now realizing I've grown up a steampunk uber-fan...
It's sad that the tea I bought has instructions on the box, and that Jason Street might be paralyzed. (I'm like 5 yrs behind).
Well that was a nice surprise <U+E404> I love hearin from my brother
OK: I've taken care of the morning email, squared away support questions, completed the stack of requested favors. Time to start work. 3pm!
": Missing my other half more than anything right now....." the feelin is mutual
Head down to the Annual Summer Sale on 4th Ave today. Wohoo shopping day!
WHEW !!! MAY 20th Houston freestyle battle. The dopest rappers in houston battle for prizes!! text BATTLE to 72727 for more info!
OK its morning..... so now what? Oh COFFEE - I NEED COFFEE!!!!
Any former #Fulbright scholars with words of wisdom on the application process?
go follow and and and please follow i need and all the ppl mentions me wen ur done!
RT Million dollar tip: Start before you are ready. Don't wait for it to be perfect or for the stars to align. Just do it.
Watching Gettysburg. Jimmie: "I bet the director's cut is SHORTER."
nice, I think I have my friends convinced to do NYE in
My Mac client for seem to be hanging on sync. I wonder if anyone else is having this problem.
Down while the ref counts to ten...
I love
If you love me, You'll ignore this..
Thanks for following People For The American Way - Wisconsin!
#lis483 RT : The teens in my library asked for a scary movie. I gave them "Food Inc."”
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that. Anonymous.
Thank YOU :).
Thank you, Joel! -Kevin
Lol good times
Thank you Elsie. Blessings to you & yours as well. HUG
haha yes true :) Do you have your prom dress yet? i always like the outfits you post on facebook hahaha
D.C. tennis tournament now called Citi Open The ATP World Tour hardcourt tournament in the nation's capital is changing its name to the C
ridin slab and bangin screw, smoking good, inside its wood
are you goin to church??
are in need of paper towels, linens, flash lights, dog/cat food, and gallons of water contact brian shapiro @ 845-633-3703
does this help: chrome://net-internals/
like ya avi
Mums&#39; stress during early pregnancy can affect newborns&#39; iron status
haha now I get it
I was asking about full city tour last night.
Now we hear want DOUBLE DIGIT furlough days for #lausd next year...Cartmenez do that math..#strike!
Sure did!
Did you know? March is Music in our Schools Month! Follow for fun music education info and trivia.
Been up since 5, almost done with work!.
I don't understand your policy of not allowing bartenders (like me) to be a bar reviewer? Problems with bias?
thats me&my friends 's whole mission is to #StopBullying if u were a true grander u wouldnt have done that
My phone loses battery so fast smh
i love that song
PT, I know you're from Illinois so I'm gonna help you out bro, it's y'all not ya'll. Great game today man
Not feeling well, I would not "enjoy" it! LOL
I'm going to take a nap in a little bit! I still need my sleep! :]
I AM BLESSED!
Former astronaut Pam Melroy about to take the stage
These TTs NEED to go away.
Hurts me just watching Amar'e play with that hand wrapped up!
ewwwwwww i think that's hogwash! if women were going to be intrinsically happy having babies there'd be fewer unwanted ones
Warhol would love making diamond dust paintings of Paris Hilton and Miley Cyrus.
10+ PR's last night ... Bring it!
i think i am going to offer it someone else, but if they dont want it, then sure
was told a long time ago by another musician- sunblock under your clothing for outdoor festivals
e pluribus unum = out of many, One Tell us what "One" means to you. How do you use your unique gifts to contribute to One?
In classic case of #irony, Jayson Dobney's #cimcimamis preso at on guide-apps at the Met is foiled by PowerPoint
"Cut him some slack. Who could resist not eating your face?" omg I love you awndrayah.
how many years young are you doll face?
I work with a bunch of fuckin retards god gave these people no common sense or anything swear
It's a Friday night, so i'll be asleep in like 14 hours. I'm already sleepy.
Tough game in the crease. Came out on top by 1 :)
you can never go back and erase your mistakes. the only way to fix them is by moving forward.
Downtown Chicago has four food trucks with twitter feeds. Two of them specialize in cupcakes. Chicago may be getting soft and cuddly.
Thank you!
I raise my glass and in a while,
Following #civilunions news as I get ready for tonight's #Evicted story.
May the prompts on AP Lang be ever in your favor ;)
Tonight's #dinnerspecial: Stuffed Pepper with mashed potatoes--only $18.95!
Lol u making me laugh so much like u do in school and i wanna see your dog ir must be so cute
seriously. my new favorite thing. i wish this was around years ago.
back from leesburg
It's delightful when work luncheons feature delicious vegetarian food, thanks, work peeps. Also, desserts, omg sugar crash, here I come.
just walked by the Kesha concert... the largest concentration of sliver lipstick in the world!
Don't call it naan bread, it's just naan!! Duh
"I'm sorry" does not always work ecspecially when they are waiting for u to screw up
i must say that you are much nicer than Clay's whig. lol
"Onion strings should never be missed. Burger is always a favorite. Halibut special was a treat...tender and flavorful."
Oh, we know! thx RT : Mailed a letter to this morning to tell them how awesome & are.. hope they listen!
Looks like Olympia Snowe finally did something to cross the aisle again on jobs- after her health care and fiscal commission flip flops
Seeing my first solidarity sing along. We all need to remember to stay unified through the primary in order to win.
Staring at the clock waiting for 4:30 so I can call haha
omfg i have a craving for some fucking icecream
Hispanic inclusion is almost non-existent in the highest echelons of Corporate America. To be successful you have to play an
A perfect day for some Green Chile Stew.
Hello, leftover champagne. I kinda sorta wanna bring a bottle along on tonight's Amtrak trip. There's never a bad time for bubbly right?
Stand Up and Laugh wants to wish everyone a terrific Hump Day!!
gonna be up all night countin down to #summerjam just heard fabo is about to guest star yall better bring your
Flight delays, $300 Car rental to #GR, $400 Rental van w/ power outlet to charge dead phone, #PRICELESS Thanks
Happy birthday !
halloween is comming man
you best follow us back!!!! ; )
love you too boo
Johnny depp gets laid like 5 times in dark shadows.
John you are most certainly invited to any and all #DCDrinkUp's
yes I have to agree with you their do you like to help people? well? people helping people awesome www.sendittomeokay.com
Best of luck to all the runners in the #BostonMarathon! We'll be cheering you on all day!
Anderson Cooper is fine for an older person
Agree! RT : Nothing is sexier than great skin, nothing!
sounds like the perfect plans for the day!
We hope your event went well last night! Thanks for partnering with Village Learning Place!
i think i like this list thing....
Almost Oct, which means my bday is approaching:)
Auto Racing Capsules: Kyle Busch takes fourth straight Richmond spring race
My Instagram followers are sexy as hell -- ationalove
Interesting, is having a beer dinner 2/24. And no they are not serving hot dogs.
knuckle touch <U+E00D>
thinking about doing this contest which includes the winner getting a free photoshoot by the one and only A3!
Had cell service on the platforms between Forest Glen & Glenmont for the first time today! It's a great day for AT&T.
Watching the sun rise today.
Happiness is going to buy your favorite bag of chips from the vending machine and then finding a second, unclaimed bag, in the drop bin.
We love to hear that--thank you! (We also publish the fiction & poetry of WD competitions winners online & in compilations.)
Shoreline Drive fans!!! Help wish our guitar player jordan a Happy Birthday!!! Go to his wall now and give him a birthday wish!
One shift down, one to go. Livin life to the fullest cause were not promised tomorrow. So get at me
remember when #40dollars was more than enough to fill a tank??
I'm Chris (I sing), plays drums, plays bass, plays guitar :)
I'm praying school will be cancelled tomorrow due to some freak accident.
Diging in my skin from beging to the end
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow id tell you I'm sorry, that im so fucking sorry. And that I love you,always and forever
good morning!
Freaking Please don't go next week. What am I going to do all summer w/out , and ?
Everybody's the same color with the lights off
were you in Kokomo???
until the government undercuts prices making private a non option.
Jason is done after season
Calling fans to give them the dates for the Living Room Tour!! =)
hey salute paisan
Did Angelica Huston win an Oscar for Addams Family Values?
Splice - free and great RT : “: Who knows how to edit video on the iPhone? Point me to a resource? #L2011”
What's your idea? Or are you a free agent?
Limo for tomorrow 4th hr free!! W.frontrangelimousine.com
Lost 6 followers over the weekend and gained 4 back..eh.
On the phone with my baby Jakaree((: I missed him !!!!
For jerseys yes. They have other products w/o NFL shield for sale though
Fun hanging w/ and other peeps. Hope to see to you soon in LA!
RT Thanks for putting us on TV! What a fun episode!<<---Of all the places on the map, glad we ran into you. Thanks!
Good thing you have a pic on here. almost blocked you!
You're a nice lady!
Thanks for the retweet!
Why do American #Idol singers always 'sound' like American Idol singers? Why is Ryan Seacrest only 4 feet tall?
I need a roof deck on my house at one point in my life
RT Kings of American Excellence!
I hope so, not a big Tebow guy. Plus you may get Wayne and Saturday.
I SWEAR TO GOD IF SLUTLENA DATES ONE OF THEM I WILL PERSONALLY FUCKING KILL HER! !!! SHE RUINED IT WITH HER FUCKING UGLY ASS AND FAKE SMILE
Skip, I really wan't to be on the show. I leave for bootcamp Nov. 29! I'll do anything! i love you!
I wonder how much $ pulled in after the #equality announcement
Japanese pan noodles m
#FavoriteLyric "Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?!?
I want some orange pants! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
if ever in the Chi please fellowship w/ keeps us lifted, informed &!liberated! Or watch live;)
Austin's personality >>>>>>>
PS- Have you thought about moisture wicking pillow cases?
Are you still looking fro things to do in #Vegas? We recommend a fun tour or exhibit.
Most 2-Year College Students Quit on.wsj.com/tIZFUQ via
"Remember, we were born to shine.To squeeze every ounce of creativity, inspiration & joy out every moment we live."
There's something wrong with a grown man in a cover band singing Justin Bieber - right ?
Oh I will. Because I know you don't get too many. ;) Congratulations! RT let us philly fans enjoy ourr moment lol
Any recommendations for a cheap hosting site? My e-portfolio is still up on my ex-school's server and I want to move it elsewhere. THX
I guess he's a true american! RT : 4 the record 's favorite Whitney song is the Star Spangled Banner.
I never noticed all those yrs ago that in a far off shot in Flavor in Ya ear, Craig Mack really favors Xhibit. But I didn't know him then.
well my answer because i'm a diva/multi-hyphenate enthusiast, is unless you've been bad all week, you should have what you want
I am in LOVE with #TheMuse.....love love love love
Go to Paul's and tell Joe "hi" from me!
wasnt so many years ago that some Americans in Europe were passing as Canadian
I wish I knew fluent Korean. (Read, Write, Talk, Understand when someone is talking/singing) So pretty much fluent all around.
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
Just made a instagram Follow me: alexsaintmichael
I really, really want you to visit Anus, France.
Look out for our weekly newsletter today! We've got a bunch of baking, bootcamp, and acting classes featured in honor of The Hunger Games!
I LOVE YOU GUYS FOR DOING THAT TO HIM HAHAHAHA
But I waited too late...
glad you are back on! Missed you!
Woke up to glorious weather in DC this morning
no.. tweet #FollowMeRomoTheCat so people dont get confused (;
A no hitter in the cape wont even make the globe, but the right girl, thatll last you forever.
I figured yu left school or yu never came
Lol So Lik Since When Did U Lik Start Liking Her
any christmas albums yet??!! Haha (: love yaa
They should hand out lollipops everywhere you go ..not just banks
Just added our 200th follower! thanks to ! And thanks to all of our followers for spreading the word about Pets for Vets.
Death Wish tonight at 8pm on AMC. Nothing like a little Old School #kickassfiction ... 70's style!
#WordsWithFriends needs a built-in dictionary. Please would you do that now and then go back to making crappy balloon games?
X and I r done. Never to go back. I tried bringing that back but it didn't work. Laquane and I r just cool. Uhm phillip.
Off to bed...Goodnight Facebook world c'ya in the A.M. :-) Z...
With another win for Hugo with Sound Mixing I'm wondering if it will be the most winner ever in the
Ignorance is a gifted talent... U can't teach that shit
This boy is sexy as FUUUUUCCCKKK.
Everyone needs to have merely OK-to-good games sometimes. Even JBJ.
ECA's today \:
ARTS will be at Jack Johnson concert today in Chula Vista. Come to our booth in the Village Green! 6:30pm: jack will play an acoustc set!
Strappin' on my fanny pack and going roller blading!
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
im not repeating myself. If you didn't hear me the first time then oh well you shit outa luck
Any country music fans out there? Today in 1993, Shania Twain released her self-titled debut album.
Joakim Noah and Tim Tebow both in Boston this weekend!
thanks for the RT! Have you been at our other #SYVW events? Love your logo btw.
My man is puttin on A CLINIC right now on XM 47!!!!!
CFA fighters please tag us with pictures of your workouts or tweet us we want to show our fans how u guys are gearing up for CFA7
Tough way to go out
¤ Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Jeff Spicolli: Whoa, dude, I just totally won the game!
GAH!! Awesome! RT : RUSH is coming to Buffalo in October!
Short night at work tonight=
Tractor trailer collides with school bus at Farmedge Rd. and N. Wantagh Ave. in Bethpage. Injured taken to hospital. No kids on the bus.
you better hope she didn't use it to clean anything
Sometime next week, I'm packed this weekend. /: What time are you free?
Who's ready! :D
Life for me is jus weed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> and brew <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
It was a three-word review: "Mean and useless."
Exodus 22:22-23 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
that made me cry!
Oh dear! I could understand that, though.
fucking bitter cause we have the better coach, the better team, and we don't need to scream ORANGE across our chest.
A lot of people moved up to the 9th. So it's nice to meet people and hand out cookies :)
#historyvsfiction.. in Hoodlum they showed me, Madame Queen and Bumpy Johnson havein a sitdown, in reality that never took place..
These "good girls" that you speak of are mythical creatures of our imaginations.
Studio life is nice :)
Omg i have to take my math exam. Fml
I'm only delivering the best to her
lol i just went and saw aziz live at the riverside theatre, front row baby. His standup was great
Hey hey! Thanks man
Taking my little sister and grandma shopping...
Go Pack Go!!! XOXO from Maine
A truly beautiful day in NYC today and no better way to spend it than to be with my parents all day long.
Awesome! I'm so excited!
Having trouble running Git on OSX Lion? Install the latest Xcode from the app store. Oh yea, it's free!
hey Jared, I sent you an e-mail a day or so ago. Looking forward to hearing back from you. Thanks!
And we're all anxious to play the crap out of your current project.
I've NEVER had to work this hard...it BETTER PAY OFF
Happy birthday Justin!!!!! Hope it's a good one!:)
good luck
u would...if i didnt kbow u or know what u looked lile ide think u were fat af hahaha
Woo Season 7 of Supernatural! Cas is a douche but he's still so hot! xD
"Shake it out" is so moving I'm never quite sure WHEN to listen to it.
Thx Pandora! I wanted to hear "Cowboy Take Me Away" by & it was the first song that played!
IPad for free:'(
thanks for the shoutout- i need more followers
- We are very excited to be able to provide the drum kit for you at the Matchbox Showcase on Thursday! We r here 2 serve you!
OH YEAH, NINE CENTIMETERS YEAH. Dude, send me a picture of baby Caden when he's here!
Pink Floyd is awesome!
Lignite Plant Latest
Your thoughts ain't my thoughts!
This little game of one-on-one reminds me how much I DON'T miss basketball .
i wonder what it feels like to sleep on a water bed o.0
the Denver airport has some good beer. I had to spend 6 hours there a couple times.
that email also promoted upcoming events. I will look into our segmentation policy. Thanks for the heads up. –Will
We'll be on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up to ride to the coast in support of Lung Association
I love being hispanic. We have good food that actually has flavor <3
Well, I guess to those who think they do. :)
A.P. Gouthey ~It takes more than money to make men rich~
snowing outside, looks like I will be staying right here in my nice warm studio today! :)
thanks not sure where it is however I will find it
it's the one thing I wish we could all achieve. Thanks for posting. Have a great weekend yourself Madison! xo
Working until 5pm at Slangin' wax n' facts. Swing by and get educated! [#ilm]
come join dude!
I love coming to my Boyfriends house just to Free Load off of his Netflix lmao :')
I don't have enough hair to pull out
yep. Sabby was a PISs poor decision (see the little play I did on his last name) and I am not even a professional
I wish I could find my remote.
's view of #CRM: not just technology, encompasses strategy, processes, tools, & people. Provides borad view of customer too.
rooting for you from Green Bay!
you missed a riveting round of Christmas trivia!! It was pretty intense..
If you're a light hitting outfielder, you better fucking play good D
Me & my litto 3 year old sister jammin to whip it <3
I'm bout to call u in few... N let u kno Waddup
This tweeting I may have to learn how to get down
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rays--some small redemption for the season. fb
Hahahaha. Im doing well. yourself ?
I prolly get in trouble if i said what i feel like doing
the gas chamber of a kill sheltet & flew 18 month old Beagle up to NJ who was adopted by Joe & Geralyn Dwyer. It's outlawed in 19 states now
We wan't to kwow all the " Doers" out there ! Tell us what you do?
Petite starts Friday - how many starts with the Yankees has he made this year? Is it his 2nd?
In less than 24 hours I wil be in the plane heading towards #Aruba & getting my
Have TiVo or download shows 100% of the time. See commercial while at bar. Cannot pull attention away.
it was actually pretty good... i shoudnt b eating late since i been tryna get right to model for lil minute..but Oh well it happens
Not sure what you mean by that? My website comes up just fine on my smartphone. :)
I'm good just going in on what I love
Saw many of my middle school library friends today, including 's Noah! Signed him up for Summer Reading Club. :)
It's so maddening that stupid people have jobs and I dont. If you cant tell an ant apart from a spider.. You should prob not be a librarian.
Watch out Ashley Young, got a rival in kevin prince boateng for dive of the year
Hope all of you have a great time ringing in 2011. Cuz Its gonna be going UP not DOWN in the new Hollywood South in 2011!!!!!!!!
RT @ KidsLiveWell Tip: Offer choices 2 kids - "Which would you like for dinner? Broccoli or carrots?" (rather than "Do you want broccoli?")
Thanks so much for the follow. I see that your book is doing well on Amazon. Full of tantalizing titles, good advice!
Getting blood taken= not fun
Just back from my weekly run. That's right, weekly. I don't want my body getting too used to it or anything.
actually, it's "LEGENDARY!!!"
Pinnacle Bank Announces Seventh Consecutive Profitable Quarter - MarketWatch (press release)
Bob is , , , the enemy Or like U say tehell with Republicans,I love it when U get Mad noNames!
aw thanks S!
How about love us some San Antonio??? We love us some Texas!
S/o To , Causee He Toldd Me Too &Becausee Hes Sittinng Right Next Too Me , w/ His Cutee A** . -,-
lol I wanna see that kinda crowd at the games next year haha
Quantified Self tech? RT : Am I only one that lives in fear of online eating disorder communities embracing Quantified Self tech?
This is going to blow up. “: So, the tour THINKS a fan took Tiger's ball, but no1 in gallery saw ball picked up? Free drop?”
RT Give us deets! Pete Campbell from Mad Men was just here. He *really* loves Especially the ladies.
When I turn on Espn at 2am.. And it says baseball tonight is suppose to be on, I better get baseball tonight not the fucking NBA..
30 cases of free beer at the Silicon Alley Talent Fair! #SATF Get excited at the after party! #skejidea via
great video on social media on YouTube #dtl2011 Social Media Revolution 2011 you've got to see this :)
you comin out here
way to go!
Emma Stone looks stunning in that dress, but Ben Stiller looks like a midget next to her
RT : Katherine Fernandez Rundle is introducing at Women in Production.
got the butterflies come on lakers
Today Warren Buffett announced he is hiring every unemployed person in the United States--sending the unemployment rate to 0%.
Thanks David!!!!
Follow IPI Senior Research Director as he live tweets lunchtime talk with Zbigniew Brzezinski
Happy Birthday to my inspiration !<U+2665> I love youu soo much Justin!<U+2665> Thanks for being that Talented kid that everyone adores!<U+2665>
can't wait to kick ass on the softball field!
Family is all ihave left.&FamType
My cousins are talking like cholos
Watchin' a fight and a hockey game broke out. 1 TB - 5 Pittsburgh end of the 2nd period. Go #Pens!
In your mouth? Hand? Whaaa? Always keepin' a nigga in suspense.
Let's go flyerssssSSSSZSz
DRUG EFFECTS ON HUMAN SEXUAL BEHAVIOR: ANTIDEPRESSANTS - ...
Oh...that can be a hard one. Usually when I have writers block I just go do something else but keep my paper close by if I
come see me new year's eve at king plow arts center!! jamming with Priceless the kid! Going to be dope
u should get an Emmy for your role on glee
Nice going #wmata. You extoll the virtues of the SmarTrip Card and then make the touchpads unusable at about half the fare gates @ Archives
Seau's death is being investigated. Not clear if this is a homicide or a suicide. Woah. Shocking.
Failed my research paper. Thats my Asian F!
Great site visit today with #CommunityWestFoundation. Thanks for the support!
Deserves 10 games.
well if Julia Roberts had been replaced with a Zoltar machine he may have come up with some more folksy wisdom
None specifically. Just most in general.
Word of the day is 'balance.'
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins
FLOWER TIP OF THE DAY: Always cut the stem of your flowers at a 3/4 degree angle. This allows the flower to take up water properly. :)
Watching the #SAGawards from ATL tonight.
Nutella has nothing on peanut butter. Their jealousy of our condiment variety has locked them into a hazelnut corner.
I'll have to go back and listen, never really paid much attention to soundtracks
Maddie and McKenzie are my reasons to watch #DanceMoms they are beautiful and so talented
Blood Drive is scheduled for June 21 from 3:00 - 6:00 at AMLI 535! Please email to reserve your spot. Thanks for helping!
Link to Mayor's Agent decision on firehouse doors on your site seems to be broken. Do you have a pdf you could email? Thanks!
Movie's done :)
Anyone who says government only increases fees, I refer you to today's city council vote on developer in-lieu fee for inclusionary housing.
“: see you soon ;)” good seeing you ladies. Thanks for coming to visit.
full day -- which is why I've been looking for more help on the site.
Seems pretty clear to me that Gov. Walker has acted in "Contempt of Court". Disallowing the ruling on two occasions now. He should be tried.
Spoiled is already in my cart :)
Got my Twitter fix... Back in a few more months. Add me on Google+ ()
omg this week cant get any worsee
because I've only heard it here in Miami, I suspect it's Cuban
"Because everyone needs to get one." - Guy pitching Clue.
I think I pick: When Harry Met Sally or Finding Nemo if I have to watch 1 movie 5 times in a row.
YES. #thatswhatimtalkingabout! Next time I'm in town, wanna get some sushi there with me? #illtakeoffmymask :)
Maholm drops down sidearm for a slider to get Carpenter swinging.
WOw u r so gorgeous
Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina are best business climates according to survey of U.S Exec's. TX has held #1 ranking since 1999.
They Have Too Many #DRGs In..#BatonRouge!
Reserve seats now for tonight's Thunder vs. Jazz. Shuttle to the Arena from Edmond and Norman and back for only $15 per passenger! 447-2446
: ) “FITzee Foods helps me eat healthy...Fast food is no longer an option when I have such great meals to look forward to!” –Angela Mullins
I know! I'm sorry. I forgot to say bye yesterday lol well, goodbye Alex :) I already miss you!
just won farkle. Next time I'll win.
thanks for the kind words! Thanks for following us!
Can I just say how much I like being able to text call numbers to my phone from the catalog? Thanks for this great service.
my #truth ": "Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required." - Winston Churchill"
that was awesome I love that song and y'all did it justice. Dia is a bonafide rock star!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 9
I love you BL!
loool ya I'm late but huh
my band's on twitter now - - follow us for show schedules and updates!
#WELOVESARAH lets trend it
in Buenos Aires tonight
Heh, it's pending. I'll let you know if he flakes out.
Don't you just love hashing out what the biggest issue would be on a project with a vendor, just to have THAT issue break shit at the end?
Zing! RT We should be doing "goal reporting" twice a year instead. Performance is for the bedroom. #investments are only part.
Congrats to center Brittany Griner and Coach Mulkey on winning AP player and coach of the year. Good luck and
Mosquitoes after the rains here in the South... never fun when they bite the back of your calves
followed ya babe! :)
idk sounds like you're in some type of relationship and I don't go to the movies with niggas that have girlfriends.
what fruit do you hate the most?
i <3 getting mcflurries with my little bro!! haha we got one with all three toppings: reese's, m&m's, and oreos. yea. be jealous.
Happy Easter!
Welcome ! Looking for a hip wine bar ? We're a 10 min drive from the Gaslamp on 4th Ave. Swing by for Happy Hour today from 5-7p.
Or Hudson Hawk. RT Lots of Die Hard jokes. Nobody has made a North joke.
What the 1% should fear most is that too many of the 99% have nothing left to lose.
#Beliebersareunstoppable if I had bangs like that my hair product line would be 'bangsbybieber'
And Uncle too!
#NowListeningTo; "Yellow Submarine" by #TheBeatles c;
A text i just got(2 muscle males with ass in a ring together just a damn shame PUT US IN LOL) IM ROTFL
Last night's Fam Guy was AMAZING!! You + team =
Now that I run a business, I truly can see Facebook.com is Social Media for Networking n keep up with Great Friends and Great Acquaintances
Pasta for lunch and dinner everyday? How do Florentines stay skinny? Seriously, it's like the kicked out the unfit people from town.
aye follow us?
PROUD OF KIDRAUHL (: i love you juz10
You make fitness follow ME! Nice! Puttin' fitness in the palm of my hands even on biz trips.
How you gone watch TV with a dog that you don't like.
Chronologically impaired.
the following 8 days will be the busiest and most stressful time of this year for me
ability to raise funds is directly proportionate to ability to effectively lead...in some people's minds. But, fair enough.
Shoutout to my seniors taking the ap lit exam tomorrow.
Give some love to the guy that yelled SING IT SUGAR TITS last night at your show in NASHVILLE!!!!!!
I have no idea what I'm doing.
7 winsp 0 losses this weekend. Champions in the gold bracket! yeeah buddy #lifeofasoftballplayer #swag so excited for this season<3 leggo.
is distributing condiments that offer new dimensions of flavor.
Just returned from the grocery store everybody looking for the cheapest deals now a days.
Spanish is going to be the death of me.
thinking about technological change...and managing digital objects for persistence and use...talk about challenging.
my theory class has a 'moral' meal planned for this evening. I'm very curious to see how this is going to turn out.
hannah ! where you at ?!
Could be fun. However, I'm in Georgia. Now, if this event decides to travel south a little...
#newpuppy Lots of people showed up! This is great. :)
<U+271E>JESUS CHRIST, HAS SW<U+0394>G.<U+2665>
PLEASE FUK WIT YOUR GIRL AND FOLLOW & MEMPHIS TN STAND UP LOVE FROM MIAMI
I use my phone very strategically when it hits “Low Battery
Okay have to stop shopin when i don't have anything to wear, now i have to wash seven loads of clothes damnit i miss my granny this alot :(
Arise, Lord! Lift up your hand, O God. Do not forget the helpless. Ps 10:12 Pray for the helpless. Join us for Blue Sunday!
Join today and receive 1,000 www.tankscapers.com
dear myspace: you are so original. change your name to Myspacebook
have you been studying????????for once...haha
#SashaBaronCohen kills me like no other. He's probably one of the most #brilliant #comedians ever. #Redcarpet stunt was perfectly executed.
Say happy birthday to our very own Lucy of the . At voltage now for a surprise w prosecco and cupcakes!!!
yes I do
So Addictive right...need to follow you!
Whatever you are doing, love yourself for doing it. Whatever you are feeling, love yourself for feeling it. ~Thaddeus Golas
I mean, obvs if the article says so. I meant I remember seeing it.
Sold out of the medium Minotaur design by :(
FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW YOU BACKK!!!!!!!
I will :) Hes actually on my friends list.
Strong faith today means more miracles tomorrow
Awesome!!! Thank you! Hope you enjoy! :D
Love the Indiana shoutout from and Smith re: Dumezich.
i keep seeing commercials for it and then dying all over the place, but my computer sucks so i'm resisting...for now...
it was fun! Had a bgirl session with friends :)
finals week over tomorrow thank.God
To meet & really get to know That's all I really wanna do
250 yesterday son!!!!
Tip: To darken brows realistically fill them in with a pencil that matches your brow color and comb them with an eyebrow brush.
Bacon, always (thankfully) effin up my faux-veg ways!
OMG!!!! He is in my prayers. That's crazy!
if you do that, then 6 months will become 6 years.
It feels so good to give back to those in need. I just wanna make it so i can share the wealth with many in need of a lil help.
Bynum didn't play a huge role in last year's disaster (did he even play in 4Qs?), unless you're talking about the Clotheslining?
same. I got a 98%. I just didn't think the plus was necessary
Since before cocky was an egg.
I just watched it! Amazing! :D <3333
Just had a great phone conversation with about its upcoming seminar during which I will be a presenter on social media.
I got dumber for reading your trash. Riley never even visited Buffalo you joke of a journalist.
With the fact I was born in the lazy generation you can see why I ate at McDonalds twice today because I don't care-
we are
new video comin soon! Next one is on how I survived radiation =D thxs for watching much love!
You guys are both awesome!
I need coffee.
Cabby's throwing arm had a part in that!
lol...can you teach me how to Dougie?
love nick cage movies
I chew Nicorrete gum for the buzz.
I can't believe how many ass holes I gave my time to
I'm so thirsty. It's because there haven't been enough #waterchecks today.
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year.
I HAWT ass mess ...
#Brewers are making Lynn look like The second coming ...,
follow me please
The only way I can lower my taxes is to become a multi millionaire! Time to start working!
which penman novel? I just started here be dragons and love it!
is it odd to you that all of the badgers players didn't get flu shots?
You may need to start labeling your tweets "NSFW"!
I would really like to be able to breathe out of my nose again :(
Reducing sugar intake frequently tops this to-do list
no, it wasn't you! You're fine, I completly understand your situation
Hey! Thanks for adding us to your list!
it was trade , I felt weird being there
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if it's worth it to get up & pee or if you can hold it in until the morning...””
I love Ugly Betty!!
That last tweet was compliments of
can u bring ur english book on monday:)
Goodluck man... take it down
Did I tell you there is a local band called The Ambulars?
such an amazing san diego day. Headed to Little Italy just cuz its so nice out.
My carr >>
Thanks for making me feel welcome & elaborating on the boundaries of downtown Syracuse! :P
1606- The Union Jack adopted as the official flag of Great Britain.
plz follow me i love u!!!!
Why is Pete in jail?
Drexel coach Bruiser Flint Drexel head coach Bruiser Flint talks about his disappointment with not receiving an at-large bid for the NCAA
pretty mother
Don't tease me like that, fingers crossed. (About Louis CK and late set drop-ins.)
Direct me in the path of your commands, for there I find delight. Psalm 119:35
I figured you would've. I saw something on Discovery, Travel or something about Disney Cruises.
Death Race 2000!
I thought I was the only one! RT ": That Dorito taco shit is nasty."
bored. Let's get this tweetinn started!
Same thing my man. You're in Toronto?
Id b like, i saw it first!! Lol
You are all of those.
Yayyyy manhattan!!!!! So what it's only been a week feels great to be back for a min :D
Mitt Romney was the one who really started McDonald's, not Ray Kroc
Is this the live chat?
Will do
you should come over tonight!
we hear everything from attendees, to content, presenters and food are great at your events. says so
This is hilarious. So amusing. S
What!? You're only 17!? Now I feel like a pervert for thinking you're cute!!
Lots of spam bots out today!
If you offer me an entry to a sweepstakes and then ask me to share it, what's my incentive. Seems like my odds of winning go up the less...
Not really a game the Heels "need" per se, while it's huge for Maryland. Gary always outcoaches Roy win or lose.
haha YES! The other reason I want him to come, is so I can meet at the other ohio Mahomies! <3
John Velazquez to ride Animal Kingdom replacing Robbie Albarado in Kentucky Derby
I might have to show u that move..
Going to different schools means you can year the same thing twice in a row!!
We really are selling pixels for $1 each, because we want to start really contributing to society in a way that we can make our mark!
President Obama, don't tell me we're coming home from Afghanistan when troops are staying for another ten years at least.
Actually, my straight male best friend hates her more than anyone I've talked to -- fat, insecure/jealous girls included.
Trying and Doing are two different things. When you try, you hope. When you do, you succeed.
That is an awesome place to work! You are lucky!
The identity of a research team impacts the research;framing of research questions, community engagement, interpretation of findings
it would be a dream come true if u came to my birthday:)
aww hell ya!
I want SUMMER <3
I seriously need to copy my ass.
*tear* awww im touched ;) thank you! RT : Wishing my first love a very special Happy Birthday!!
I enjoyed your article
If I pull my hair out, will the #packers pay for my rogaine? Or can I get a clay mathews hair transplant? Either will do.
Haha well I may try to "partaek in your ausumniss" around New Years :)
Yes I hate that song, i hear it in my sleep.
I Am Officialy Out Of School Don't Have To Se Those RACHET IRRELEVANT Females ANYMORE!!!!
Immensely proud to be a Bulldog today. From to students and alumni, all show nothing but class - in victory and defeat.
Had an amazing spinach pasty from #Chicago support local business and carry them, please!
I appreciate your support, ! Have a great weekend!
It was a very nice, incredibly discerning lady at our panel discussion. She was remarkably insightful.
Got some good hours in at work today :)
Have a great week everyone. Stay safe and out of trouble. Don't take any guff from those swine!!!
Actually going to prove ppl wrong about this guy!
My committee is so rad. Their scholarship is all about international blacknesses and Afro-Arab-Asian cultural and political ties. Love em.
All the guys are playing baseball while the girls are looking through my grandmothers clothes
there is still Eric!
I can see that John, however I fear that we limit ourselves when all we do is promote listings.
Hospitality is one of the commercial real estate groups in which Remington has demonstrated exceptional financing expertise over the years.
I'm secretly your wife. <3
#beastieboys music makes my soul smile.
listening to lutheran undergraduates attempt to flirt with one another. it seems like a different language and it seems too nice.
Looking forward to a busy brunch shift at the Scholars Inn!! Hope to see you there!
when you wholeheartedly adopt a "with all your heart" attitude and go out withthe positive principle, you can do incredible things
you don't know the meaning of fuck off, huh? because everytime I say leave me alone. you ALWAYS think otherwise.
Sent in art contest entries
Asia! Tonight's opening service in Jakarta for the empowered21 Asia Congress will be amazing!
announced today that Peter's Party is back!!
So many thoughts.. Too many thoughts..
Lily Allen is gonna quit music like Brett Farve quit football.
Need the 48-hour day. Does Costco sell that wholesale?
whether through direct expression, or elimination of the banal through automation, the aim of software should be to enhance human creativity
hating the new e-mail system on facebook
to answer my own question - 18 minutes.
#agirldeserves a boy. A woman deserves a man.
happy birthday twitter buddy! love you!! :)
This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me, no.
Omg I'm so excited for friday though
and what is that?
Soccer in the rain is fun as fuhhh!
Today is Katherine Hepburn's birthday...truly the gold standard for acting!
Thanks Simon!
Unfollowers are haters. I love haters. Therefore, I'll be nice to unfollow them back rather than starting a riot ... <:
Can I use your phone to call my mom? "Yeah, just hit redial."
#missthosedays check the picture I just retweeted
come say hi if you do!!
Nice, #SportingKC plays Stoke in a friendly. No day in KC will ever top seeing ManU lose here. It was the greatest day in KC history to me.
I think guys like BigEasyCat is the reason the term D-Bag was created!!
it's a tuesday, thats my internship day at the museum. ....
I'm gonna get this out of the way early b/c it hurts. Happy mother's day to my mom.
that's cool zendaya
glad I'm not only one!
“: just joined, first tweet.... Qwips is hosting the Espn mag party @ the Super Bowl”thanks have fun
Q: Why does the Easter Bunny hide Easter eggs? A: He doesn't want anyone knowing he's been fucking the chickens!
NEXXT Cafe on Lincoln Rd - Horrible food & service! What a waste of money! Never again!
Who wants to do my English paper??
Charlie I hear u havent been gettin much PT in Detroit come back to Milwaukee! we'd love to have ya
We love JT ... and now Chris, too!
Looking forward to hearing back from soon!
Bouta have lunch at Taco Mexico!
Oh come now, my little nymph...no deposits...(giggle). What if he is a banker?
“: "Catch mee!" lmao” ROFL !! That moment was classic !
I see some bike time in the future for today. Yay!
voting for jessica sanchez 728181627272 times
Good Morning
Had a bacon cheeseburger for dinner... Just had a piece of cake now.... Should not have done that.......... ;P
TY! back from vaca Mon ! RT have you left the morning line up at NBC? We miss your bright cheerful personality
nice to meet you
Is Latin hard?? ;s I'm taking it next year.
Devastated to learn of the death of Pastor Foster today.He was the reason I went back to church several years ago.Forever grateful for him.
Honestly, after the wedding, we just didn't have the energy to file.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business.
You rocked it Ruben and you've done it more than once now, glad the novelty hasn't worn off! Appreciate your keane eye!
Very welcome!!
Broke up with my doubts cheated on my failure engaged my success and married my future
kent!!!!! Aw I'm going to Miss you so much!!
when? Where?
I mean shit! ~Everyone~ knows how I vote. But, do your future/present employers need to know?
Hey please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan! And I would be very happy if u make my dream come true! Please follow me
the design aesthetic of WP7 is very strong though. Don't get me wrong.
That Damn Kobe!
What school you go to
isn't that the same thing for women??? Long time no talk. It's Mr Jeremy from Xroads!
have fun, I've got cardio kickboxing tonight. It's the sadistic cousin of Zumba.
Thank you Prohorov that you kept silence on
Urbancrossfit is Pounding my legs into shape. Except I cant use them to walk with anymore
Dealt with tendonitis for 4 weeks and just now learned I've been wrapping the wrong part of my arm like a jackass...
First goal allowed by Bryzgalov in more than 249 minutes.
Dr. Strangelove on television. God is good.
Heading to Marquette now (15th and wells)...looks like a warm sunny day
Wow #Missouri killed my bracket. Had them going to Final Four.
haha okay good, that's what ms. Di said but i just wanted to make sure
. urging group to think about functional qualities of data. In many ways, humanities not functional in networked systems
Thank you for the kind endorsement. We've saved more than 32,000 Civil War battlefield acres in 20 states.
Their kids will without a doubt grow up to be bullies.
they're everywhere
Don't lie to me :/
There are so many places in indiana that if I ran out of gas I would just sit there and wait to be lynched
Time to study more phonology that reinforces my decision to get my Master's degree in Library Science opposed to Linguistics.
RT : Really great #HRHappyhour tonight. Thanks to everyone who participated. You all teach me SO much!
I could be on a boat.... but I decided I'd rather be at 91X playing music for you :) boom!
Tell me about it. ": Brand/product logos do not always need tag lines. They're dangling participles (modifiers) of logo design.
omg me 2 lol aaahhh soo happy but he followed my cuzins and not me :(
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back.
Allergies! Dear God D:
Congratulations to my bro, Scott Ware, for making the final roster for the Mountain Lions. Kick some ass man!
Never courted a nerdy lady? would rip you a new asshole for not knowing Warf from Chewbacca.
! RT : Let's release employers from the yoke of providing insurance. Public option! Or better yet, single payer.
Up early and not sure why? Looking for new fun appetizer recipes. Any suggestions?
Wear whatever u feel comfy in - glam it up or just casual your call. I'm starting to panic!
So excited about my newest project // it lives at the intersection of tech, finland, jobs, nyc, and parties.
According to David "I'm the Bobby Brown to his Whitney Houston" of coffee addiction
When do we realize that we have come of age? Is it when the people that we looked up to as kids begin to pass away?!
Off to celebrate best friend's b-day at the Mandrake! Yay for good friends and cheap drinks :-)
it'll say "you know you wanna..." lol
On the bus with Trevvoorrr!!!!:)
I fucking love my TRUE friends. Thanks for sticking by me and cody
Im just tweeting on his behalf. Thank you!
Crowd anticipation building for It's going to be a good one!!
The White House petition to allow Disabled Veterans to use Medical Cannabis has qualified! Thanks to all those who signed and shared!
“: hahaha I was waiting on that. Adversity makes you stronger. I put shots up before & after that event”
I figured out what I'm obsessive about...
Did y'all feel tht?? I felt that dunk, OKAY #PaulGeorge , I see You!!
What is the benefit of a Tim Card vs. just using my credit card? Are there points, rewards, etc?
My logical mind is cool as a cucumber. My irrational mind needs to either take a hike or be sedated.
Ah I didnt see you today!):
Love how our english discussion is about why strongsville and brunswick hate each other
Whistleblower Improvement Act, would require whistleblowers to report criminal activity internally in addition to the SEC...
- Any time, Andrea!
didn't have the heart to make fun of him
What's your favorite thing to do in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
#New #Year's Eve blast in East Bay not yet sold out, but soon will be. Get advance discount tickets now. San Ramon Marriott Hotel Pkg deal.
Sounds delicious!
Or for the mathematically minded: "Drop that zero and get with the hero."
I gave my soul to someone else, she must have known it was already sold
Blackberry gone... goodnight x
you are dumb
Second time I get a total of $6.66
u still asked him. I'm pissed
Merry Christmas !
you've obviously never encountered the alternative minimum tax (amt) it creates a floor for wage earners like myself
Do you have a religion?
okay okay (;
Discussion: does comment 3 to R5.3 require atty to verify technical aspects of cloud computing? Commission inclined to keep lang.
Follow Me Please!? 44
Playing on Nintendo 3ds love it monkey balls
RT @ ScienceChannel Star Trek fans! scientists will one day build an actual antimatter propulsion engine similar starship Enterprise >> htt
going to the lib <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
RT: Dance Moms Miamj is a mess. And I'm already obsessed.
lol what friend? That was a movie.
Heat still have a chance but dont get your hopes up
why as a matter of fact, I did buy some wine... and string cheese. I'm a classy broad.
when asked "Who's your VP?" or "Who's your Sec'y of State?" should answer, "I'm considering a few..." & list their qualifications.
Thanks for the follow back!
via lactea-zoe
haha lucky!!! I will be writing a blog post honoring pi later today, I will let you know when it is finished lol
RT : The way hickies feel > The way hickies look <
M Reese's Chips Ahoy :)
Today is #WorldMalariaDay. Have you seen a video, an ad or a campaign that tells a compelling story? Send it on & we'll RT our favorites!
These look so fantastic!
Haha. You are a funny guy. 15 days to go my friend. Right?
ethics and integrity be damned, got the game they wanted, but one team didn't deserve. College sports: a fine molder of character!
D Lowe...NEXT!
Finalizing my plans for my trip to Salinas, CA for the CLC (certified lactation counselor) training in June. Very excited!
Y'ALL ALRITE WITH ME!!!
This week on -- looks at the worldwide grass-roots anti-billboard movement.
Is he out then? Safely I hope.
oh my gosh. I just did that.
Seattle really needs to adopt the black XX for underagers.
i agree with that about hipsters, they are cool people, but the creativity is lacking.
In the 45 seconds it took to chuck the 1,876 Viagra & other penis-related Spams in my Spam folder, 4 more arrived.
#AlliWannaDo is be with you
Should also be noted our first MTL metro ride included a station that was about to be evacuated due to a stabbing. So there's that.
Shooting 1080p today with our New Nikon DSLR. Very cool stuff!
Dnt know what to give her she got everything already
doing some research on the psychological effects on a sport fan when a major sporting team leaves a city or region
and iM tryna get into Danny Brown...so far I like him on Terrorist Threats
Just when I forgot the exact meaning of urban sprawl, Phoenix reminds me
it was fine. if that was all BET did, people would be all of their asses. true story.
lol good ones! I was going to do a piece on drooling in honor of your distaste for it. :-) haha
#SEO Trending Up: Relevant content, inbound social links, usability, readability and design.
With QB struggles, tough to see any playmakers at WR... But Mason looks the part, Chase Hammond can find space too
Got to see the final product of my portrait last night at an #art show; was bittersweet as I said bye to lots of family before heading West.
just FYI, Frank Menchaa said it's been that way for 10 yrs for reading around the world. US lagging behind.
I rooted for Voldemort.
You don't have any claim to the area you're trying to innovate in. You have the privilege to take part in a change that's bigger than you.
. no not "working" just learning at the moment but I have made it on the air a few times!!
anything missing? Lol
haha oh boy, let the games begin on that one! nah we'll be good though, we gotta get use to being around each other again, but
lol I need to too!!!!
I dont think i have seen the sun this whole week :(
I think i found it!! :D
go to the person thing tab by the search bar and click edit profile ~16days<3x~
Theses hoes taking all day my shi better b str8 from the pot or I'm clown some nice
and...Go Sox!
We have an amazing year ahead in 2011!
I need to get started on this term paper !
You know you do good work when ppl seek you!
Just made it home from the movies
Listening 2 some #H-Town :):)
wish you were here! Gettin on a plane without you! Hold down the fort while I'm away!
job hunt went well tbc 2mro old bait tried txt me with lies told him bout himself in a lady like manner snake bites been texting me all day
I'm looking forward to the #musesocial conversation on 3/29!
Congratulations to for a wonderful event honoring Fr. Wild. He truly did make MU a wonderful place that I treasure.
People are so fake.....you got to be kidding me...
why does it seem like I never see you on here anymore ? Lol
and with you!
Thanks for the support! Are you Vegan?
#altacadvice If your grad prog fails to offer career mentoring outside trad ac, organize/attend workshops across campus for skills/ntwking.
Seriously, we've been waiting 15 min. just to turn in... What...
I can't stay in dis house today bout get dress<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
A rewarding experience, evaluating student research posters. Loved the one on bilingual code switching!
they really do most the time it's weird there like dumb with each other like
#WhenAustin got chased out of Chicago by his Mahomies(; [From ]
This crowd is quiet. Feels like I am watching the PGA tour on TV.
From what I can see, Rick Pitino is the last person to have a jersey retirement ceremony at Rupp Arena. He was after Jamal Masburn
Just saw the have put in the initial paperwork to host a future Super Bowl! Hopefully it goes through!
As are we! Looking forward to a productive day #3D scanning
Mentoring relationships are healthy for kids, but make interactions between adults and children interruptible and observable at all times.
Keep watching to see Lauren makin' some truffles
I thought it was Greg's anatomy .
No problem, thanks for saying something to us.
I KNOCKED THAT PUSSY OUT NOW SHE NEED A CAT NAP!!!!! (IS IT TOO EARLY FOR THIS??) LOL
So that is the look of Teenage boy happiness? LOL.
Yes!! : Mayor Bloomberg spoke at j #NYC will be the "#1 digital city," Do yu work in technology or aspire to?
oh yes. Farming allows me to be outside all the time.
love your tweets!!
New -- RESTORATIVE JUSTICE Volunteer-Driven Approach to the CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM is CAP -- Community Acceptance Program.
What are they called??
Jumped on a trampoline with my love made me feel like a kid again :)
Hey, Natalia! Sadly, not much in the way of fiction. However, I'm pretty active as a film critic.
Tinkering with long tail strategy for local sponsorship. Eliminate financial barriers to entry and reach out to smaller companies. Thoughts?
Looking for a Publicist in ATL....any referrals?
RT Artists are the early warning system of a culture. - Marshall McLuhan
Which would hurt more: Cutting off the first or the second thumb?
RT No FAKE nails , lashes , hair .. All me baby I must admit the lashes be poppin !! // Shut yo ass up !
I would totally have a heart attack if this happened to me. Glad it's fixed now! :)
#np the show goes on - lupe fiasco
,,,,,,,,:THANKS FOR FOLLOWING!
But when you buy just tel me...
Thanks peppermint mocha ! Miss your face !
Since it sounds like LA's bigs got them the lead, maybe OKC decided to deny the bigs late and make Kobe beat them...
trekking north is highly advised.
Good Morning :)
Great to meet you this weekend, thanks again for the talk and resources
. in the interest of full disclosure, how much is "a small amount of consulting" for Pearson?
well I like when people make me things :D hand made gifts are ALWAYS the best!!
Glad to see another Portlander that will immediately know which #OU I'm referring to.
As an actress, I love that I get to be in someone else's shoes every day. And a girl has to have a lot of shoes!
i had a CONFIDENCE backfire moment. I went to the wrong building for my final, showed up late for the exam
You dont even know what im feeling and you probably wont even understand Im less of a person thanks to you nothing in world can match
Residents from as far north as Oceanside purchased tickets for our Garden Tour & Expo. If you haven't bought tickets yet, do so today!
iJever looks like a lesbian. omg. asdfghjkl;
Question: why do most women use shopping as a stress reliever??? Does it really help or does it just ease the pain?
First day of rehearsal for THE WOOD!
If u want my bbm pin its in my recent tweets :)add me ! :D
OK next songs lyrics cause i cant find the 2nd song any where
Woot woot delicious fav part the espresso cookie!! #mildreds RT": Bk work this week. Now for lunch, , the usual?"
Welcome to Twitter!
I'm making my way there now ahaha.
I apologize in advance to anybody who says 'Things aren't always what they seem' or 'i'm happy or I'm really happy'. Actually, I'M NOT
": #ThatOnePersonInSchool who whisper the answer when a teacher asking you a question." you're welcome Evan Dowling.
~ Hey Simon, I just recently posted on FB I LOST 44lbs by changing to another COFFEE. www.millionsdrinkcoffee.com
2nite at The FARM: AT THE SKYLINES, A City Serene, No More Silence, Taking Sides, Burn Bright Apollo, Left For The Unknown, ACityMisleading
The Welcome Reception was great fun and great food. Thank you Plateau.
After 'Younger Than Jesus' and 'Older Than God,' am running to last day of 'The #Ungovernables' 2012 Triennial + thankyou
haha i totally hurd dipper lol but biffer makes sense now lol
The Republican Women's Candidate Forum is nearly underway at El Paso County GOP HQ. People here are ready for answers.
I'm heads up against Denim Dave.
OH YA ALEX GO AHEAD AND DO A YOUNOW WHILE MY INTERNET DECIDES TO MAGICALLY TURN OFF. -.- I still love you tho.
Ew. I just saw a legit Cold Stone commercial. That brings back nightmares.
Thank You!
Thanks for the congrats, my dears!!! :) xoxo
My family from Maryland is staying at y house all weekend. I've missed my cousin Stacy. <3
lol yes different McCoy's.... is the only one to do it 27 years on
I'm so mad that I left my iPod touch at home. I need my music and games during lunch. :(
Heard that.
Thanks to Sen. Lugar for his years of service to his country. Now please exit stage right.
Is that a plugin or all custom? It looks great.
Sorry, was sick weds, classes ALL day thurs. checked fb pg for update. are we on hold? who has major probs w/ what?
if rumors true that TOR is out on Prince due to not wanting to go over 5-yrs, MIL out due to budget, who is left? CHC, SEA, BAL, TEX?
So you think you can dance choreographers and EDU Reformers at have something in common: v produce the best, work hard, get results
-Congratulations to John Henry Decker- You have a TON of support behind you!!!
Sadly, many of us are already assimilated. But you know, there's still a lot of value in FB for users.
Groceries are also a huge part of retail--not a lot of on-line shopping there.
I see how fake u r jus from talkin to u yo ur a waste of space bounce
keep throwing with that arm and no one cares.
Sad but true... RT : bo ryan is burying himself......live on radio. defensive, small, petty, and lost.
James Jones when i counts!
itchin on a photograph
“: #CodySimpsonandPsanders” What am I missing?!? D:
damn... ii don't know why ii set my expectations up so high && in the end, im just let down :/
Let me know when you follow
Thank you to all our twitter fans! We crossed the 3,000 follower mark over the weekend! See us
is it finally all starting to come together? maybe, just maybe. but couldn't come at a more necessary time.
Just saw a bicyclist on a major road with 70mph speed limit
Damn Barkley need therapy for his "Laker hatred"
Phew! Paul Broun enlightened middle class on how to spend less. Just cancel country club mbrshp! And sell the Mercedes! Of course!
ditto - I was expecting to get to hear from you guys. :(
It is a no hitter for the Angels' Jered Weaver against the Twins.
smokin like a hippie
#raw10 i met a Motivation speaker who spoke to Midgets. He told them They can still grow, just dont give up.
I just took on the lead role of the mistress in the feature film murder mystery "The Manic Mistress" filming this spring... Gonna be fun!!!
Nice job by today on moms day brunch.. you're now "27"
Cool. I've been in Columbus Indiana for nearly 6 years after living in the Cincinnati area my whole life.
Because I have no clue what I'm supposed to do.
get a Metta World Peace while you at it.
I think I'm going to start using more hashtags...
New Workshop in Denver! Two-Day Audition/Cold Reading Technique Sat & Sun, May 22 & 23, 10am - 5pm www.actorsintensive.com or 323 620 6951
I approve this plan!
In 1936 today, Billboard magazine published the first list of best-selling pop records.
Is it crazy that I think resting is fun?
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 3
Yes, but only my competitors to drive up the price ;) J/k I usually do if it's a favorite band, or something Fitness based...
Actor Bill Nunn is offering free coaching sessions to Pittsburgh-area HS students who enter the
I'm buying either a #SportingKC shirt/jersey or a Clint Dempsey jersey....any suggestions people?
#RoyalRumble THE VIPER
Sold-out Hot Snakes show at Neumo's on a Monday night. Zero smartphones in the air taking pics. I love being old.
Have I mentioned my love for Tweets of Old? RT : There are now seventeen blind pigs in Fargo. ND1892
Meeting new ppl>>>>
Up tempo Teen Spirit is the best
#GooglePlay just hit my Nav bar... looks promising, too bad the desktop is dead. Whoops, that didn't factor into the 5 year plan 5 years ago
Celebrity math: A smelly city in Indiana + a name-brand lantern = Gary Coleman.
Looking forward to being in No Carolina for the spring market
Wasn't it supposed to rain today? I wore my rain boots for nothing
It's awkward that you ask, but I usually watch #Netflix on my breaks over my phone and laptop.
this ought a be fun !
get that winky fayce off your tweet >:(
done and done. I'd say lets do a dif song but nothing's better than
There are ALWAYS events at my high school to attend ;]
That's my beef w/Tiger. This type of "engagement" with fans in SM feels phony and scripted.
M... Wish I could make it. Totes walking distance too. :(
...best compliment ever. I love you honey, bunches, O's as well. xxxooo
don't worry i dont think no earthquake is due look up haarp tho thats wat did haite in
I cant speak of Color vs Tout. I can say "sausage making" vids increases # of advocates & engagement between broadcasts.
u have no idea! You need to come over and experience our homely renovated crib! #TimeForFourKingsYet?
that's where we were! Awesome place! I loved it! Thanks for the tip! <3
Secured Tottenham Hotspur vs. Liverpool FC tickets here in Charm City for my birthday.
what celebrity would you marry if you were gay? ;)
look forward to your tweets !
thanks cutie!
Time to go help my sister again... so much to do. Have a gReAt Day :)
it was great speaking with you. Thanks for your insight & support of us the new generation.
One thing about me I never gave a fuck about who doesn't like me
: "Don't be satisfied with just reading the Word. Live the Word in power." AW Tozer
i think I'm going to bed .. I'll tweet you tomorrow (:
yes, it seems that way! May be should be Spring Madness!“: So let me get this right, March madness now extends into April?”
dido, except you are a dude.
agree. And hasn't reality TV been around since TV was invented. Called the news, America!
Planning a Bridal Shower, Baby Shower, Birthday Party, or Anniversary Celebration... Look no further call 1(857)203-1690, let me help you.
I'm sorry that the treatment for cancer is as bad or worse than the disease itself. Sucks all the way around. Have a latte!
i want you in my dreams.
Happy Birthday to my nigga Rude Boy....
I love them 2 ;)
Missed you on The View - is there a way I can view the segment online? Congratulations!! :)
Journal Two due today! A word doc was added if you can not open the original file. Check the content section. #UWMJMCInterns(rock)
Thank you very much for #FF mentions. Have a great weekend.
Many should be credited when you succeed, but only you should accept blame when you fail.
Miraculously ended up at a bar full of UK fans in Hilton Head. FYI - they are all super annoying.
Going to hit some golf balls
Very bad accident in front of the circle D. Please pray for the victims.
all day primetime
So, the Olive Room has the best chips in town, right? Bold statement, I know. Well, guess what? We now have the best potato salad, too...
Ha. Has that always been there? Made me laugh last night.
US release date for Raven? Awaiting with great anticipation...
MARIOS DIS SATURDAY**HATER FREE BASH** TURNING UP AS ALWAYS WIT DA HOTTEST DJ...DJ STONE** HOSTED BY MONEY MIKE** DONT MISS IT**
"Easy Latrines" bringing sanitation to third world countries.
Happy Sunday everyone! :)
OMG Romy And Michelle is on!!! YES! SCORE!
Ball is in your court.
well then I will be sure to ask you a question lol
These boys didn't know their fathers neither, and they weren't.
IM SO JELLY OF ALL YOUR FEASTS & GOOD FOOD ! D: <3'
I like the #Saints...a good team who was able to resign their players and also upgrade at a couple of positions
it might help if you actually tweeted;)
say them. Or email them to me if you prefer. mihaela at purdue
Setting my sites on ACRL 2013 because the keynote speaker is HENRY ROLLINS!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL!!! RT : on the 1st day of christmas my true love gave to me a pretty puerto rican coqui
You know you're in the Midwest when all the vegetarian dishes have bacon in them and the carrots are covered in sugar
jail abuse commission's general counsel reveals #LASD deputies union has succeeded in blocking full access to deputy personnel records
really? Sounds juicy... what makes you think he's on the dl?
Hope you enjoy Takeout & Delivery!
I haven't watched #TheWalkingDead in so long.
I'll never defend David Stern again.
Yhuu Should Follow Me!!
Hey, fabulous! Congratulations to you and Emory!
Cause after a while shit gets boring
PHEW!! Don't want him. Really!
food: rubicon deli, midtown eats. coffee: the hub. let me know if you're looking for something specific!
you're the best! <3333 =) thank you!!
Aww :/ haha do you like Jacks Mannequin?
Surf today appears a bit flat at the Pier. May be a good day for some Bocce ball.
loving dissertation data collection. this is too much fun. :)
Cats are crazy. Running around all over the house an' shit.
Week 10!!! Lots of teams (including myself) on the bubble. Who is going to get an F in the A?
EURO AS FUCK
Heh. You got it! Actually, had never heard of Bookzilla. Trying to figure it out now.
But for most, heterosexuality has its own gravity. From the point of view of form, heterosexuality is a reality. 2 of 2
I have a challenge for you, bb. I like to have KPOP gifs as my last.fm user pic...
I have an irrationally strong response to being scolded.
English Proverb~ We are usually the best men when in the worst health.
Okay. And its not her fault. If u hate on her. She is gonna say something to u. And what if her and austin actually ended up
My sense is that the market manipulators are going to take a run at pulling the DOW positive today. I would not bet against them.
my effin stomach itches ?
#afta11 Harvey White - it's not just 'nice' to have the arts in schools anymore; arts education is an economic necessity.
what are you doing tonight
As a Dodger fan, Gibson's '88 World Series home run is my all-time baseball moment. But what the Cards did tonight is way up there.
you're gonna need more flashtubes.
Soo beach, Colin, fireworks... Fun!
Winners hate losing, but are willing to lose in order to get better. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
once you get there you won't even notice the rain :)
Bra shopping with ? Hell yeah! She's pretty hot. Lololol.
Dear national weather service, I understand that theres a tornado watch. U dont need to interrupt my tv every 5 minutes to warn me!
Day 2 of putting the final touches on our art for peace curriculum. This thing is a beautiful work if art!
Attending Libraries and MARC Holdings, long live MFHD!
a stick of butter with the word Store on it would look way cool
Fave interview would be with a L.I. girl turned defense atty who is at heart an air guitar/karaoke artist
You're welcome!
Definitely going for a walk
Light of the world forever will reign!
Actions will always speak londer than words.
hope you guys don't have to deal with a tornado!
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Yo homie! Enjoy this fabulous city of mine! Go 2 Brooklyn Heights Promenade & trip on the most amazing view of the city!
Favorite part of The Muppets movie... 80's Robot:"Would you like some New Coke?" #muppets Kermit:"Not now 80's Robot!"
I think the Browns could have an 8-8 season this year, easily.
RT : Used to think late night was only time for #writing. Now love being 1st up (rare), coffee, birds, words...morning!
omg!! what a night it was at Roc Bar!! Def got Brandon way fucked up and had some great times with allot of people. i got shawasted myself …
Lee and Halladay are amazing pitchers. CC is so good because hes just such a horse. but hes not an amazing pitcher.
Getting ready to listen to former & reporter John Larson present 'Finding Your Center'
I have no clue! :/
Three quarters of the class is female... that could get awkward.
This is like a Wizards reunion: Caron, Gil, Nick Young, Randy Foye...
KG will B 36 Saturday
Client of yours?
Given the standard smell of an NYC subway platform in the summer I hope the campaign makes it here soon!
Can't wait o get home and rest. Been long day I'm a tired kid lol R.I.P Marco Simoncelli I miss u a lot
Hooray! Everyone has left LA and now I'm home alone.
The far religious right believes one can be helped primarily by accepting God and Jesus. The left would prefer to help via career training
Like I said not a golf guy... It would be a one time thing. Soccer on the other hand, no interest, only girls play it here.
Why are kid toys so much cooler once I get older??
If your lack of punctuation is any indication of your intellect, the odds of you passing that test are slim tbh.
Sorry I completely forget, what is it I have to do again? :)
Just read an email that mentioned your replacement, then I realized you got a promotion! Belated congrats, buddy!
headed to walmart,,,i love mountain dew btw lol.
#FOLLOWERS TELL YA #FOLLOWERS 2 #FOLLOWME (IN MY TUPAC VOICE)
great series. Please don't leave us for more money
No, obese gentleman with oppressively powerful BO, I don't want to watch "sweet ass porn" on your phone.
Fun meeting!
Up and at em - last day in Africa - today's crossfit is KAREN - 150 wallball shots - also taking a SPIN class in Dakar. www.crossfit.com
“: “: [VIDEO] NYPD brutality at #OccupyOakland solidarity march This heading is false. watch the video, no police brutality
Why do sharks get their own week? Is anyone really that excited about sharks?
Good Morning!!(:
the important thing is Wynona ISN'T on it
Why not have your entrée & dessert all in one? Order a burger and dip your French fry in Vanilla Custard
#FF My fellow Sharpies
okay that's what I thought...what's the plan?
RT : Your employees already have a "social media policy". If you're lucky, they included you.
...you could always use a computer
where's the like button when you need it? :)
U know it's a prob when u turn the tv to Netflix and not the real housewives
What should I do ? I feel boring
what's up Flesh, tell LB and Bob I said what's up.
airflow in hoods, ducts or rooms. Their highly noticeable smoke offers a safe, trouble-free way to perform flow checks. For whatever...
You lie!!! Re oil and gas
Life is all about ass. Laughing it off, kicking it, kissing it, trying to get a piece of it, or simply just being one :)
So u just accept that as reality? Suck for 3.5 years to win in years 4 or 5, and if things don't turn our perfectly, repeat?
On our way to Half Moon Bay, playing at 4:30 pm with my sextet at the Bach society. Wonderful Jackie Ryan will join us for few songs
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight...Herbert Hoover
what was the rules for ping pong game with the spinning? Spin on serve? Thanks...
Deal Oh is set for Jan 9th Launch Date, Hope you are ready!
. is coming through 5x5, addressing the #gov20LA conference via Talking mobility, social, networks in early-adopting DoD.
lol Ron Paul is the only sane person in the room and he knows it.
u gotta get on the computer an link fb to twitter
its all lawn seats so ill be right the middle of the pit
Tried to turn down the tv. Hitting the volume button on my laptop instead.
lol it's still a good pic :) hey follow back btw ;) please! :)
I haven't been in the studio in a while. I got you though when I do.
sure - I'll do a lightning talk about that today, then
#wheneverimbored I like to watch
okay but Im still not convinced ur not hacked. If not, last time I'll ask, promise, but do u ever talk to KMcNichol?luvbothu
Had one of the best weeks of my life with the whole crew. We shot a few short films! Can't wait to debut them. :)
notices his fans because he cares:)
home..sweet...home..
lol i am followin he is so funny n i cant wait 2 see his new movie :}
I have a lot of fully lyricized solos I've done-Baker, Clifford, Mingus...
Sitting here watching the chappelle show and thinking about Miami
A Football Life is AMAZING...Belichick is a Great Coach
Personal would never pay more than $200 for a bike
First day of my new job!
<<< follow them.
my ole lady was playing the draw something game not me haha just so you know.
Wonderful! I will be in contact with you when I receive your application!
Man that spaghetti hit spot:)
The Social Network: angry Asperger's sufferer, obsessed w/achievement makes stuff, gets in trouble, screws people over. No sex. 2.5 stars.
where are you lol
Just watched Ed sing The A Team for the second time on Conan & I still could help but get teary eyed.
smh yea for about 2hrs and then it's back to reality
cheesy smile!!
it really sucks!
Back in the homeland !
Anyone going to the NAMM Show in LA?
#heardonthestreet The clerk at the gas station suggested I may be from his country. I asked what country is that, he said Yemen, word? O_o
I didn’t stop loving you. I just decided to stop showing it. Because no matter how much I tried, you just wouldn’t get it.
I love the rain :)
If you wanna lie,lie properly please. I'm not stupid.
King Tut Day! "He coulda won a Grammy, Buried in his Jammies, Born in Arizona-Moved to Babylonia, Got a condo made of stone-a." Steve M.,SNL
Miss is trying to get us drunk off of the game asshole!
for all your snark and distaste for vegetarians you're a good dude. It's shows onscreen.
Hank Williams Jr. was lucky to have that Monday Night Football gig. I always thought his song was lame.
this is fake -.-
RT Commit to your Goals !
DJ Jazzy Jeff was sick @ Myst! Check it out next Saturday for the Ratio Party! Sleep & than off to The W pool Party! Hit me up (602)882-0317
what's up Ms J?
HELLYEAH!! THERE ON FIRE I LOVE HEAT!!!
Tonight I'm spinning at Couture Ultra Lounge w/ the In Nightlife Crew! Come and have a drink!
Today it's post-production in the AM. Budgets, research, proposals in the PM.
Robert Carlyle's evil Rumplestiltskin giggle kills me.
I freking love you! Your music always makes me feel better <3
Yay! Heard GREAT review of yr book from ! Can't wait. Heard it will make a fab Mother's Day gift. Brilliant!
"he is meeting the prime minister of england at the white house today...via twitter...go figure!"
I'm so happy. I can shit rainbows
my thoughts exactly when I saw that this morning!
EAST SIDE VERSUS EAST LOS ANGELES - BATTLE IS RAGING,
pls email me at to set a time for a call. Hoping Fri at 3pm ET works. Thanks, I appreciate it.
Just remembered when I saw it on the shelf that at the #nybookfair I promised to quote something to...someone. Crap.
I can't help but wonder how it is that you even have friends...
#howtokeeparelationship put God FIRST. If you fail this one all others will come apart.
Big Bank take lil bank.
CONGRATS on NEW SEED Sorry so late Not sure if we are FAM anymore... But BIG UPS to family and fatherhood none the less!
indeed... most people are watching ME though, so i'm just returning the favor. :)
OMG I blather on about UI all the time and get ignored. I need to bounce ideas off you. Also Ass Creed Bro still makes me giggly.
I was pleasantly surprised by this score. Such great, Indiana-Jones-esque, swashbuckling work. Happy Writing!
Thank you for the reminder. Putting on my "Three-Hour Bach Study Mix."
I love my sweet diesel ride and a sour diesel high. Coincidence??? :-)
she's like annoying. she sleeps on the say anything bus while the rest of her band (which is her fam) sleeps on the van...
amen, hallelujah! right there with ya, cap'n!
I'd like to make a shoutout... SHOUTOUT!!!! to Go follow NOW! :D Xx
can't wait!
Now days u got have you some money about yourself, dont no girl want no broke nigga..
Aides soft-pedal Romney remarks to donors
Congrats Lynda! So well-deserved!
love you too
How to respond to gorgeous weather? Stay outside! navy yard movie night
oh damn... Okay well I'll just get the lens, me and you can do another photoshoot for him when we have more time.
Thanks for following! ^TM
Love don't run.<3
How is Angie and the baby?
A+ sister
Who do you want to win the final??
always amazes me that jump shooters get more calls than Rose attacking the rim.
aw I'm sorry! This casting place seems to do this for so many people.- there will be other chances :D :D
Anybody watching MNF? We bet isn't too stoked on Painter's performance.
R.I.P Adam "MCA" Yauch. So sad
I didn't get a text, so maybe. Also, texting such vague info isn't the best system.
s'ok,.. I brought a slice of coconut cream pie from home today.
I don't think people realize how strong the word 'love' is anymore.
So sad,Bella Not RT me,but bella have the Style & Class.
Watch out for Tuesdays here... 1/2 off every bottle of wine, starting next week! Fridays = Chef's Choice wine specials!
RT if your on twitter right now and sitting down.....
What a bull shit goal. We kill off all of these bull shit penalties then give up a garbage deflection goal. It's just not meant to be.
u shud ask if u can...
will do
Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up with a smile on my face & pretend everything alright.. Like always.
I just read this now... 2 days later... And its still funny as all hell : Is Home Depot even open today?
Shout out to two number two's and a small diet coke...you will die # modasucka
dont be laughin at my baby bunny almost dying aint nothing funn !
will do.
u think i want ed to my aunt and uncle (jacksons parewnts)drive 2 hours for fruit and bacon and pork chops
Thank you! So glad we could help! Keep up the good work yourself! :)
The 23-mo didn't get the memo: it's a rainy Saturday - please sleep in :)
I love having a band that always knows how to make my songs better
why hello there miss baatz!
bogost protocol. I'm sure that joke has been made before.
Tim Tebow traded to the NY Jets.
thank you so much!!!!
I was at the table with ma fraand & okay
Have you read his other books?
Hey.... how's it going?
RT : "Fat Albert" What on earth was Tracy Morgan thinking #bigpayday - Although "Arthur" with unibrow boy...
can't see if you've covered this already "save up". Love it a reward program for saving....
We are in fact looking for a few interns! Interested? Email us your CV:
You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't. Work hard this summer & remember: if U R not practicing, someone else is.
Now ur Just somebody that I used to know........
what's that?
You r a genuinely sweet person & we like that ! BIG "Howdy" fr Ur fans in #GA ~ Enjoy Ur Holiday Season <3 The Davis Fam ~
Awww shucks ;-)RT “: I truly thank God for the friendships I have and those I see developing.....shout out to ”
I wish everyone much success today
#Mariners beat the #Twins 5-2. Post game reaction on KING 5 News at 5.
you have no idea -_-
Pomona glllasshouse it's been awhile...
“We’re all learning here; the best listeners will end up the smartest.” Charlene Li, Social Media expert
Sorry peeps… I don't open ecards. Never have, never will.
: Better than whatever you got.
yes. kind of takes a bit of looking into so only if you have a little time. MISS YOU!
I pay lot of money just to taken him here
they're the best and I can't wait to meet them in a few weeks :)
You're too funny.
Late night studying with my roomie :)
Spring Cleaning! :)
Morgan Freeman goes hard in Bombs Away by B.o.B
Tim Duncan just sent an email to say thanks for the opportunity to be in 's new campaign. Class act.
thanks for the re-tweet Hollywood Tweet!!!
This just in: NBC will be ending all three of its good shows.
Hi follow me back ?
Keep those beautiful pics of Denver coming, friends!
Haha, I laughed so hard. What is this RE?
Question Tucson: Why is the road Miracle Mile named Miracle Mile, whats the Miracle??
ya'll are retards. ME AND CODY ROCK!
The women on #Survivor are complete idiots.
There's some things you can't take back
Dear idiots of twitter: so y'all know, its GOOBER Pyle that passed! Thank you......as you were.
Wrists, ankles, fingers... feels like I was in a bar fight, ffs. Appointment can't come soon enough.
Former FCC chair Reed Hundt against House bill says worst ever.
I'm on it!
On the board with 2! Come on #Brewers, rally time! (really? 2nd inning is rally time)
boards o matchless boards
Ha! RT I really wish that new show "Smash" was a spinoff of Friday Night Lights.
I'm almost finished reading your book, Un-Marketing! So good! Love, love, love it!
Hi -- how can we be of assistance?
it's only a rough draft, so I have yet to publish it. Only sent it to a few folk for critique and feedback, as I work to a final
As Rupert Murdoch leaves the stage, trouble waits in the wings
tickets for Frankenstein are currently available at some theater locations but will go wide starting Friday, May 4.
Now you just need to hit up St. Armands Circle and eat luch at the Columbia Restaurant!
#FMLF12 Ah ha..the 1st mention of Paid, Owned, & Earned. Ok marketing folks get it!
Kiddies have their technology to play their games. Make that money and get that technology!
seriously! Wouldn't it be worse if you were a drag queen for a day?
Totally agree...very little there that would make me put up with the hassles of that event.
Mold ! Fire damage
gonna miss u on the court.. Seeya next season Ewill
I know shocking!!!
I'm born to run
will be at Red Eyes Coffee 4164 N Lincoln Ave tonight with Rep. Ann Williams
Remembering your falling into my arms crying for the death of your heart.....(Robert Smith) oh man...
how much experience are you looking for? I might know a few people for you
“: note to self: I shouldn't have watched 50/50 in public.”
Im Bacc Like I Really Left Aha
has there ever been a more pathetic/incredibly lucky guy than this dylan character on real world San Diego?
If yall know anyone famous, tell them about my boy Dwight Junior. He is willing to work hard for good music.
Hey What up T. The boys are walking around in their uniforms now! They can't wait. What about Lil T?
Just saw a new commercial featuring a magician. I believe it is a CLEAR commercial. Look out for it.
A6: I have a saying, "Everybody ain't gonna make it"! You interfere with what were building you may not be around to see it!
how is that bar line?
Come be our mayor please. We need you here.
HOW TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD: 1.) guys there's already a book on this. I don't have time..
And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:
RT : Happy birthday wish you many more happy&healthy and more years of success!
Nov 7 1940, the Tacoma Narrows Bridge “Galloping Gertie" collapsed 4 months after its completion! It's still studied by engineers today!
Hahahah. You just made my whole day. I can hear you saying it in my head :)
I need to talk to new people <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Yes, lets me answer :D
Good choices! RT : deviled eggs, clementine cocktai & roasted turkey sandwich (sans bread — Passover). All great!)
Lamar Smith is skipping his fifth debate today, and people here are upset about it.
Yum! rt Free Pizza and Drinks! @ 6PM Marina Vista Room for comedy party
My teacher has such a bad attitude
bah! Not so crazy writing my twitter handle on the top of a to-go handle, now is it?
So glad you'll be celebrating here--looking forward to your visit!
Whatchew working on right now?
That was over-the-back #BlakeGriffin lol
You need one more L...
have they done away with jury sequestering?
so good!
Watching 106 and park!!!!
Students' assessment of _A Mercy_: everyone in this book is crazy. We haven't even gotten to the end yet.
oh yeah. Yikes.
me too! it's looks amazing!
I know, right?lol How about you? You still roam this earth? o.o lol
lov u to
“ RT Shut it down in Philly! Talented dude... "goodlookin...you did ya thing too my G"”Thnx!
BBQ BEACH Live music tonight: Reverb Control 9:30pm-2am Bobbing for Beer: $10 beer bucket $5 The Little black shot $7 The Little Black Bomb
Saw your new shorts video... Ugh. Why are you so cute?! I love you Jordan <3 #Mary. :)
The ones who stand up are the only ones who will be remembered.
Laser Cats !
i agree with you ....RT : Someone may need to be Wade on his ass...stat
The week between Christmas and New Years Day is the Laziest week...light work week but on call for jury duty...no swearing in today !
RT : "It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious." — Oscar Wilde
Happy Valentines day #rouxers <3 hope you guys have a great day :)
Heavy reps on shooting machine w/ 2nd client today. Focusing on set & release quickness w/ high & off-center catches..3 sec delays.
Thanks to all 765 of you who have turned out for the National Public Health Week Film Festival. Hope to hit 1,000 tonight!
#caa2012: Question from the floor to Nick Mirzoeff: is there a space outside the market?
Major Props to our freinds - sharing fresh insight from the great people behind amazing companies!
Yeah I gt my iPad unlocked finally lol
lol @ this girl tryna tell me im stupid when she doesnt even know me.
Hahah I think we've established this already thou..
There is no known cure for PWL...
haha never was #MyFairLady less ladylike!
You're welcome! We hope to have you in to give our healthy alternatives a try when we open! Have an awesome, active weekend.
Just got the developer version of the new Facebook... not live yet.. but its actually kinda cool..
Second interception for the #sharks leading to both of their tries
Yep. Ran the story last night.
Shaddup (did I do that right?) RT Not that it really matters, but I never argued that NFL honors should apply to college HOF.
Police looking for young white girl, named Abagail, with mental disabilities in the Fish Hatchery/Beltline area
I followed for you
Not cool bro
I'm seriously thinking about dying my hair blonde or black
Agreed! Watched him at Farmer's Insurance Open @ Torrey Pines in person last week. So happy for him today. What a turnaround!
thank you that's a compliment xo cc
-Happy Mother's Day! :D
are you still having issue with SB6120?
He didn't even say what he said he was going to say..
Watching "The Hours". This is too intense.
Happy birthday!!! So excited to be working together =)
LeBron: "I am taking my talents south, bitch!" Slight chance I might've misheard that...
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous. - Ingrid Bergman
i've had nothing to say for a long, long time...
Dance what your belly believes.
Back at MU for a business plan competition. I think I could go to school for ever
Understand basic economics and job creation. #WhatWouldTomDo (Y'know, since he has an econ degree and stuff)
got to be a model for mag yesterday.
They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain and nourish all the world. ~ William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost
got damn u lookin rite wit the red
Thanks for the RT's!
Scenes for next #sharktank as cryptic as those from #madmen; you all in cahoots?
Omg so fucking tired! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
ok twitter I'm back
alright, this is getting ridiculous.
Omg i just want it to play already hehe :]
I just feel complete when you're by my side.
I have the most embarrassing family.
Also emailed trk
Good Morning Fam!! I hope everyone is having a blessed day!! much love
School is soo boring!
Found out that high powered SEO guru, Brad Fallon, moved away from SEO & is now working on a cool new business idea. Is SEO finished?
M`fckahs stay actn a fool
So I just bought The Iron Daughter and I know I shouldn't start reading it. I have other things to do. But
.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY DUDE!!! hope u had a good one.
lol me neither
I love having lunch with absolutely no company...peace.
Shut Up MOO COW!
lucky... Joesph don't come into the Midwest often.
It's all done in silence. We're finally alive! Heed the call. This is the fight. Here the darkness meets the light. #TheWedding - Reveal
Graphic designer w/vehicle wrap experience needed. Experience highly recommended. 40hrs/wk guaranteed w/benefits!
My butt is falling asleep
Sometimes small get togethers are more fun than huge ragers
I hate when that retarded Sour Patch Kid scores. Need a quick response, here.
Lunch Feature: grilled chicken Caesar salad. Soup: best clam chowder in
I photographed you in LA for Footloose. I'm working on a short film you would be perfect for. Can I send you the script?
What Im Do Ths Week END !
I made it ma top of tha world
iPhones don't even fix my typos
Kids r back from camp. Can't believe how much I missed 'em. Just kidding about boarding school.
Plus, John Scott!
I need to make a new video it's been way to long
Should I kill it this summer with a pair of Jorts?
So true!! My local news talking about people stuck on their farms. *sigh*
At my buddy's softball game! Its
I've been abusing With Ears To See & Eyes To Hear by SWS all day. I never even liked song til today O_O
JOB INTERVIEW!!!
well really think about that and make it your goal.
Ur last couple tweets Iiked them :)
I'm the fuggin man, you don't get it do ya?
On the #morningblend tomorrow to talk animal-assisted therapy at great #Milwaukee program. Watch at 9 to see a cute dog. And me.
haha tell your friend I said hi :P lol and I'm at my cousin's house :/ lol
thanks for the follow and the RT!
whats the name of the song?
Pretty normal for a debut. I'm working on some dub step remixes if you're interested.
lol u won't even be up yet
oh my goodness love that! Must.go.there!
We are here to awaken from the illusion of our separateness ~ Thich Nhat Hanh, Vietnamese Buddhist monk
A/S/L
Hacked by Katy! I love u mal. Even though you freak out over things like going to the doctor baha I love u boo!! You'll be ok
Setting up a special mtg w/ interested board mems. Other SFL #event profs interested, join us:
well, heard back from Atlantic. They said there have been myriad reasons the band hasn't toured here but said that
So, I had an interview at DSW today... it went well cause I'm the Queen of interviews!
I know,but he'll always talk sadly :P And Gaylord,yes he is but only cause he's conceded
it was pretty good actually. :) How was yours? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
So that's why your texting feature is obviously not functioning.
Had an amazing weekend!
what I really want from poets is a total trench&throne approach
Lebron has a new nickname...
brownie induced coma
There is no problem so big it cannot be solved by knowing the solution.
Tried twice. , she no go.
new Drupal version should be online this summer. & I applied for grant to fund a new system for tracking and ...
is presenting Twitter 101 to
take pics from the game and tag them! !
got it, thanks!
Last week of high school... this is weird...
Congratulations, let us know more info when they come out.
Standing out front of Chipotle with a couple who is playing Words with Friends together on their phones. The smack talk is adorable.
well it's kind of weird but not that much
How interested were they in content if SM is enough for them? Controversial.
Masters by a landslide.
Mike Brown to the Lakers, really?
RT Thanks for the Mentions/Chat or RTs Ya'll :)
up up down down left right left right b a start...unlimited breakfast
RT : Where there is #Love, there is no need for words.
If you find out there is someone dying to meet you
derek! dont take it he's a stranger and you know what he took it. #daterapedrug? in gum? haha
: Come on by. I'll try to rescue a couple from and
#ThingsIGotToTeachMySon is to be a man of his word and how to accept responsibility of whatever he does
Wha? “: No offense to Wall, Knight, or Teague, because they r awesome players, but if had to choose I'd pick over them.”
Appt tomorrow to discuss possible volunteer opportunities in archives. FutureNEXT Plan: initiate!
down town or hollywood park. idk, did u go on our 8th grade trip yet?
sitting around waiting to watch the Raven
share them xD
Some people need to get a fucking life......
how was the show?
Don't wanna go to school :\
no more sad stories tomorrow please! ha
haha nah i don't give a shit about that...I'm just not ready to say goodbye to people for the summer. or forever in some cases.
NO problem
LMAO the narrator is so right, tina is totally underappreciated
how u know lmaoo and that's so random
My last tweet.....yea idk either ._.
Good news followed by extremely bad news. The butterflies & shit theory holds true.
desertlibrarian: I'd really rather keep "librarian" in new name if at all possible - removing it won't change the perception prob IMHO # ...
tell Charlie and friends to SHUT UP as Oscar nominees are announced. OMG, you can't hear!!!
B4 I move is love a proper tour of Atlanta
What about after-credit scenes? I wouldn't dare spoil those for anyone, but they are rarely important to the preceding film
I don't get the American gypsy wedding show. This isn't entertaining.
you will rental prices for studios as low as $1100 with one bedroom as high as $2200
Whitney We Will Always Love You. You Were Truly Every Woman!
- depends on how you animate
Ah! I don't like not feeling good!
But they spelled it I'm gonna kill you scumbag!.
Oh how ya do me
Sadly, more likely want to be thought a "nice girl" :( RT by do women tend to say the minimum they could cope with
I guess now I'm a junior. Suuus.
you're not! Stfu or I'll kick your ass
Creativity is thinking up new things; Innovation is doing new things. ~Theodore Levitt
I joined, but have only pinned one thing so far. To be honest, I don't get it.
I need a bed..smh should have stayed home lol
are they really going to amuse Romney by going ahead and having an election this year? poor guy.
#quotes The fact is, everyone is in sales. Whatever area you work in, you do have clients and you do need to sell.
That's lovely. I'll take a look next time I'm that way.
No MMQB today? It's one of the highlights of my Monday morning.
tweet tweet!
: Hmm. Anything in the romance, fantasy, historical fiction, mystery, or sci-fi genres will do. I'm a pretty flexible reader.
: best practices permissions song lyrics=don't ask don't tell
RT Costanza said it best - SEVEN! RT this if you can't wait for #Game7 tonight!
Head hurts and really want lunch :P Friday why u gotta suck so bad???
I signed it when I lived there. Totally disagree that it is unethical. Been meaning to email per previous Twitter convo.
he ain't lying. He goes to a $6 haircut place on Ashland.
I had a horrible feeling it was still Monday.
Trade him now :p RT : Tim Thomas just broke the cardinal sin. Walked on the #Bruins logo in the dressing room.
LETS GO #CUBBIES!
Will #herhopness be gracing us w her presence? RT : Dinner Friday NoDa Brewing Company 5-9pm
but thats just my opinion from the video
Virginia Tech will never do it, but they should call Al Skinner.
yes indeed love u too# stamped
Pleased with my race performance in Bloomington, IN today!
Need more followers
There is no better feeling as a yoga teacher than putting your mentor to sleep during Savasana
They say your first love is the sweetest, but the first cut is always the deepest. -Drake
heard mich st is a fun away game buddy of mine has a lake house up that way gonna see if i can swing it
wineva yal can squeeze me n!,,,Get At Me!
"your too pretty to be lonely" thanks, but noo...just shut up d:
Loving the halftime show so far
I swear I need to tke some anger managemnt class cuz people stay pissin me off
that's a mean word, its lightening outside now because of you.
Sleep? What's that???
Doug, that's not fair. Raising SOME money is ONE sign of viability. Without money, how do you reach all voters?
Did you ever think you'd be getting interviewed on ESPN? You look great! Can't wait to see Money Ball. Congrats, guy.
Broke Hoes , Cant Be Fixed
“ “ Cannot trust anyone these days. Fake is becoming a new trend.””
ur very welcome.
#GhettoGameShow Let's Make a Drug Deal
dick mouth
Forman Mills is a wonderland of fashion.
Clearly #CapitolOne is looking for good PR and a new generation of customers with their high school managed branch in a DC school.
just played a blast* at Prelude Festival with World of Wires! sarita Choudhury, Mikeah Jennings, Tanya Selvaratnam, jon morris, ayesha ng..
it's probably for the better. This is kind of an unwise expedition.
I DON'T GIVE A SHIT I LOVE AVOCADOS AND I LOVE ZAYN AND I HATE MY LIFE
Its not rocket science lol ": Half of the people talking shit have never even played ball or don't know much bout it. (': pin"
Your life looks literally identical now.
Stop trying to hold onto the past. You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one.
Don't and won't member shit.#DRUNK !!!
Want to know the best way to consistently eat healthy?...Plan Ahead! Planning your grocery shopping and meals makes the process doable :)
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN not Selena, Miley is REAL TALENT, selena is a product created by POPULARITY lml
does Dice like this girl..I love Po's shoes!!
let me know what info you need!
Signed up for Gary Chapman's Internet and Public Policy class; signed up for Miles Efron's Math Fundamentals of Information Studies class.
WISH SOMEDAY YOU NOTICE ME<3 :'(
It was 50 today, but this weekend it's going to dip to the 20's with good chances of snow every day.
Looks like we'll be having a nice "deleted scenes" bonus section on the DVD.
Oh yeah sorry haha lost u for a second haha
Sadly, I couldn't go to the parking meter demonstration. Good thing I don't have a car.
pretty chill spring break.it's been good
Amazing Faces (which he compiled) is another fabulous poetry resource
A little sad you stopped the one a day on Flickr.. you were my motivation! :) Hope you still continue to post of pups!
Tonight, the first video from "Music From the Film CENTER OF GRAVITY" goes live.
Was she planking? :)
I'm from san Antonio now living in Denver. GO SPURS GO!!
How about 1000 full color CDs in full color cardboard sleeves w/shrink wrap & 24 custom t-shirts for $890?? Hit us. It's for real.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Post-divorce spousal support, or alimony, is rare in Texas but it is possible under certain circumstances.
Happy to have a new EYP member! #RocYPs RT : I finally got my membership card in the mail!
Its a great thing when you reach the level of intelligence that you recognize and understand what most are blind to
thanks Erin!!!
I love Linkedin... but I use it more for prospecting new business opportunities
Watching on BET Going H.A.M on "Lil Ricky"
Congrats to WWU Vikings Div. II Mens Basketball National Champs! 110 years in the making.
THANKS Dave for the RT! RT : Mark your calendars! It is official July 26th is the next date for IGNITE NEWARK...
Thanks Ma'am! :)
it is going to be a long summer and Fall
My sister got engaged yesterday.
Gave 5 people gifts and fed/nurtured stray cat :). Ah the joy of GIVING. Now off to the.....it's a suprise. I will send some pics.
I ain't trippin on nothing I'm just slippin on something at #suede (; get it
this virus thing with my website;man the things you learn
Josh Smith started to say, "The Celtics have the best fans," before stopping short and saying, "some of the best fans in the NBA."
I feel another lunch time RUN coming on...
Fantasy boyfriend just got elected! Go #mayoremanuel !
I hate death. No matter what, death is the only regular in life. And I hate it.
Now through Columbus Day, #free shipping on all orders over $25 within the continental U.S. ! Visit www.audiobookcontractors.com
Great! Excited to read your spin!
I know! That effer
Going to shower, been a long day! BE back soon to get back to all you. Thanking god in everything we do.
ready for most things maybe not everything. Haha
Studio, ima hitchu up in a few minutes
"Metta" - [me-tuh] - n. - The Buddhist virtue of kindness
DR DOG
Come on grizz.
finals winner heading to Aruba with !
Legendary Tennessee Lady Vols coach Pat Summitt is retiring. She has 8 championships and 1,098 wins, the most ever in college basketball.
I'm sayin!! LOL RT : LOL that I never watched Miami Vice. I should now that I've lived here for 10 years!
Yu is playing so good now.
can I get a follow back, love u girl
please follow she is you biggest fan!98
FINALLY done with my project
ON WISCONSIN..... on to Iowa next Saturday, work never stops GO BADGERS
thnx bro! Yeah we will have to meet up, let me what works for u all!
Yay! Welcome to Twitter! ... now I don't know what else to say... Thanks for being ST cast and fan! We appreciate you.
cool, thanks so much. if anyone wants a trailormate in crooksville, oh though, make sure to let me know.
yall are some robots
hey do u have a cell phone?;)
I am in my element.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool When we get outta here ?!
We need individuals to work from home. The pay is $1,000 weekly. Send me your email address for details. This is not a scam....
will never forget that series - ken wregget in game 7!
Walking batters in front of Ryan Braun usually ends well.
Good luck!
CASEY RECORDED ME FALLING DOWN!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
no problem I was just curious lol
Im celebrating malcolm-x birthday
What is your biggest challenge in staying healthy while running your home biz? Your smartest strategy to combat this problem? Let's get...
Will do! I'll put you on something fun for this one.
Student panel says there's a social stigma re: being poor if u don't own an iPhone
Let's go state. Payne you are a beast.
"The Most Painful Is To Love Someone And Never Find The Courage To Let The Person Know How You Feel.”
I've just decided to grow a mustache to show my support for 's stand against the mining bill. You in, ?
HFC will host a lecture, World Sensorium: Olfactory World Views, today at 1:00 PM. Please join us for this very special event.
Am using hypnosis for teen, tween and adult actors and others to not only help esteem but great for memorization.
I go in Chicago to Core Power Yoga:)
#AskDerulo can I be in your next video..
I believe that needs to put back on the cover of their issue again. :)
you are my world and I love you..
I am about to create a go animate comic for my TIE workshop
Laker come back we down 30 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> let's go.
Football is back...Courtroom style. Appeal in 8th circuit starts today.
Someone help ponyboy :(
Happy mothers day to all the moms who have been called to heaven. <3
Serious tweet: Does anyone actually like the game of Horseshoes?
I do so shut up haha!
#Watching The Steve Wilkos show
thats what up
w her chocolate ass
first to buy an tshirt!!! Thanks for the love
eats good on yo end bro?
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
RT : Now this is fun to write: welcome to #Detroit! Good work, Josh!
wait what?
hey Sexii it does not prove motive where is the motive.
The WCSS Communications Committee meeting is on Fri. We need more volunteers! Interested in getting involved?
No love </3
In Tallahassee, FL riding to get some lunch. We got here at 2:30am
thanks for the follow
Excuse me while I listen to new Screaming Females.
Thanks again for using ShowClix. We hope you enjoyed the show!
follow back
thanks! gotta muster up my courgae (;
Reading 50 Shades of Grey. It makes me feel like I need to go to confession after every chapter. Wow. I've never read smut like this b4.
we miss you too! How've you been?!
Even though my Kroger® Lite Strawberry Yogurt has two puncture marks in the aluminum seal, I'm going to eat it anyway. Livin' on the edge!
lol ur smart haha no one ever thinks my name is olivia even though my username is olive oil #Stupidppl lol jk
30 min to American Idol.
just played "Father & Son" by then "Grapefruit Moon" by then "Jesus" by Velvet Underground. Heart melted.
um awesome!!!!!! I bet it was amazing!
D3 offers best wishes today to the following candidates: T.J., S.C. and C.G. Also, an appreciative D3 thanks to D.V. & N.H.!
On the road again!
Unbelievable how much help canadian teams get from the refs
going to be a long season <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><U+26BE>
i mean I really wanna go all the way. I really wanna go all the way. Epppp
My Sister is Iron Sharpening Iron So Inspiring Motivating your spirit is so beautiful we are evolving to our next level..
you don't know how happy I was when i found out that released don't give up on us and the preorder, this has been a great day (:
Me; Shut up. Dylan; I actually look like you shit on my face. Me; .... fuck yourself.
There are definitely not 4 boxes of shoes packed to come with me to San Antonio.
Meeting would rock. Race calendar specs?
umm, I think I just mind raped him. #thatwashot #swaggie<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
i will boo ;)
A Proper scholastic Pick-Up line introduction: May I end this sentence with a proposition?
"Be nicer to Coach or he's gonna take off......live with a bunch of other white people" LMAOOOOOO that's awesome
oh no I'm talking about this dance not the trip lol
when you start needing to reference security findings to mission & vision statements your org has lost
Casey: I think I might get in a fight with this drag queen over "Cabin in the Woods."
Do you get the same pizza every time you come in or do you get something different? We want to know what your favorite is!
wat do u really wat on me tell the truth
When the forecast is sunshine 330 days a year- real weather is shock. Learning curve was steep for me once I left.
"when you do what you love, what happens at the finish line isn't that important. It's how you get there" says at #ASJA lunch
that's goin on the next mixtape? got dammit!
Every window and skylight is open. Airing out the house while I soak up some Sunshine.
: Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
oh i see and reblog cookie man alot LOLOLL
Madd ass fuck rite knoww Good way to start off my morning any ways no school till 12
Pumpkin patch with the room mates tonight :).
Congratulations ! *Track Changes* out in 2013 at Harvard UP.
Let's go y'all it's time to Bring Back Ringer
nope! Are you??
I'm suspicious about writing new complexities into (c) law & contracts orphans. Complexity breeds difficulty & contempt.
Very sexy!
how is it a secret if you blab it all over foursquare?
Leaving early in the morning for NY for one big day of work with my editor. Big deadline on Friday.
They play like a solid team, no superstars. And I love me some Dustin Brown. MOAR.
Who we got winning tonight? I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
lol procrastination is the key to success
wait hold on. im good.
These kids are killing me get me home to please
Great catch by Hakeem!
*gobble gobble* RT : pet peeve: "turkey day"
I guess it will remain 2012 forever.
#Annette's Friends 2012! Our team rocks! See you at #RFTCLA on March 24th!
I'm done.
Let's go Hammer!!!
I need a good work coat that will keep me
. In 1973, Ray Guy went in the first round to Oakland, and was well worth it. Of course, he's the best punter of all time.
I'm doing everything I rap about.
I would hate having to hang out with the people on the Gerber Life College Plan commercial.
You didn't suffer while in the process of losing lol oh well...
Have read Nesbo's other books and they're wonderful. Have Headhunters on myToBeRead list at home. He's a great writer.
Tomorrow's a big day for #RacketBoys. First cut meeting to see where we stand for late deadline next week.
on days like these, i just wanna feel the hot wind blowing through my hair. do u wanna be the hard ride that gets me all messy, big guy?
At work for a few hours. Then final presentation and stuff in class. Then Phoenix bound! :-)
His restaurant opens next week, but you have to come to his club ...the best drinks, male dancers and music
It is a wonderful friday w/ friends like you!
The Postal Service Issues and Changes... And What Can Be Done About Them will be held in Ziegfield NOW!
what up!? What you thinking about?
seeing my bestiee sad makes me sad :/
hey shoutout to me?[= btw ricky i texted u today.. and u texted back .. <3 did u see the last pic i sent on twitter?:D
I just did my first retweet
I want ice cream bad but I'm to lazy to go get some.
I'm getting fucked up
You're a primary virgin. This seems highly unusual.
I'm going to check my other account and then off to bed, I got to wake up early. Good night tweeps.
My morning has been sub par
Getting ready to prank the boss. Saran wrapping his beemer should do the trick! Take that Derral! That'll teach you to get a new job!
Sure I'm not the only one in this roomful of Americanists who was just enabled to calculate the size of F.O. Matthiessen's manhood
and by here I meant hear.
yeah i heard him say "ill never sell my soul" mad respect for that shit i feel the same way
So great seeing you! Def reminds us to appreciate those we love
you tagged the wrong Claudia but I just laughed so hard!! Omg!! Haha
If #MiamiHeat the Boss the East coast Fans think they are, Mr. James will pull up a 3 and Overtime we go???
Hope Olson shares: Theory is active. It is the way we interpret our world and
"First career walk off hit for Alex Presley" is the single dumbest thing I've heard today. That was anything but a walk-off.
American Fluorescent rebrands itself as AFX Lighting at #lfi2012 to better represent its range of energy-efficient options.
well That is sort of true :D
RIP: New York's Legendary Gil Noble Dies at 80 Long-Running "Like It Is" Chronicled Black Experience
The amount of times you say you hate drama is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it.
I know it was like 9 days ago, but how did I make you feel loved? :D XD
Sometimes it's on. Sometimes it's not on.
Not too bad ... feeling a bit overwhelmed lately. How about you?
I'm so behind on my blogging it isn't even funny! Things to catch up on this week...
why should they?
2/3 of all able bodied men in Indiana fought in the Civil War
I just woke from a dream involving , , , and And I beat the crap out of a guy in NYC.
LMAOOOOO, he is woahh (: he's nice doe! They are extremely white cus when he smiled at me i was like WOAHH !
you know what i want to eat?
The show keeps getting better!! I hope you get a chance to see it. ONLY TWO SHOWS LEFT!!!
Do not ask God to guide your footprints if you're not willing to move your feet
I've been lagging on tweets. Working on lyrics. Hitting up the gym. Devouring a lot of chicken. Saw Where The Wild Things are..so good!
ohh, what is the surgery for?
finally, an explanation! “: They're putting the 'time' back in Timeline...”
watching last night's bachelorette premiere....
I'm really enjoying them though
How are you Miley :{) Xox
your presentation was awesome....you are such a motivating teacher!!!
Mar 22,1942: Harvey diary: "There is appearing a dangerous rift in Anglo-American relations over Russia."
If we did another show/worship night in Jacksonville in April, do you think we can get people there?
Driving to SYL w today. Can't wait! New cd the whole way
To Die "A thousands Deaths have nothing to do with being a Coward you must not Know Shakespeare?
Gracias bonita! Hope your week is full of prosperity & happy moments! RT : Happy Monday Girls! ;)
what up corney
My group of life coach friends started a new "chat with a coach" fb page. It is pretty cool! Wanna see?
With over 90 Cop's killed in the Line of duty in the U.S last year, I ask you Republican candiates..Who gives a Rats ass about Iran
health screening!!
I'm goin as well. 2nd place should be ok tho
Hey I got gif boom! Follow me! BabinkaCake
i dont even care if we win the lacrosse game... as long as moeller kids get hit
Thanks! I hope you had a wonderful Easter as well! :)
70% of Americans who go to college do it to get a better job. The other 30% do it to meet a husband so they wont have to get a job
": Don't get it twisted Flocka is my homie but I'm piru b4 this industry shit !"real nigga shit piru ova everything ...funk!
Who's who? Obama, Romney projecting mirror image - Kansas City Star
Huh? That's funny... 'cause I'm waiting to READ a blog post on Ruby, NLP, and Topic Modeling.
Go see #ParanormalActivity3. Better than the first two and you'll get to see the come back of Teddy Ruxpin.
I hate waiting on people!
Rock UR Storage theme of the social media makeover contest
RT : I am always tempted to get feedback along the way, but my agent is adamant about not workshopping unfinished novels.
Tweaking in chemistry.
a soccer match for you. wider goal, second ball? MT : Dominican Republic 0 USA 14
i didnt think the pirates had an cleanup position RT : Something must be wrong with my phone, it says Lyle Overbay is ...
“: Ive met some cool people but are awesome! And i haven't even met them...yet! #amazingmusic amazingpeople” ;)
Not sure if the attractive girl with the AR-15 tattoo across her whole back says "I'm bad ass" or "I may kill you"
so they can cancel it. People won't notice if a Friday night sitcom goes missing.
ZDNet research - IT budget cycle depends on #BizValue u bring. Where IT drives competive biz adv (growing). Where not (shrinking)
I specialize in weddings, special events, and portraits.... I think we should do some business together! check out my page
What a phenominal year of clubsand showing gods grace at valley. We have the BESt leaders bex chels and jess
Im bummed!!
I lied I only love Russian Robvics.
Damn I can name at least ten NC niggas dat could have bodied da cipher better den half dem
wat clubs or events
Sadness over my phone dying obliterated by handling awesome new phone.
I think that most adolescent guys are disappointments so I go for famous people cuz if you don't meet them, you can't be disappointed.
#usnatarchives research room beginning to fill up with #geniefair2012 attendees.
Thank you! Looks like I can get a coin set from when I worked in Ireland as well!
Another joke.... How do you make cry?
Lookie here! I'm tweeting! Once a year like clockwork
In the studio.or working
back in business!
actually in class?
Oh my i just realize i'm the only 21yr old loyal in here! all are teens, or kids
ha love my life
I'm starting to miss Andre Miller
To the artist, work must encompass everything, the everyday and the world, the fusion expanding and retracting, until it becomes a heart.
if u judge me on how i socially text/post rather than how i professionally type then idk what to say to u
“: Thing you don't work for have no value!” exactly! You appreciate what you earn alot more than a hand out!
Love my father good day <3
I was wondering if anyone can help me, if anyone knows anyone personal at Facebook...I need to get ahold of someone regarding my account.
Megan it's all accurate, so why is it propaganda?
Where's the party at?
yeah im from le burgh! born n raised. doing well just taking it easy this sunday. how are yinz?
#googlesync does not appear to be working with latest #chromebeta?
No. Never.
yeah, well, let me know when you are coming by to pick them up so I'll be sure to be home...
Looking for that competitive edge that makes your business really pop? Crazy Horse Studios is in position to make your ideas come to life.
Words and phrases like "these are the stakes," "make a world in which all of God's children can live in or go home in to the dark,"
I bet you were Abi, I can understand that so no problem at all haha ^^ <U+2665>
The hotel shuttle driver only refers to me as babygirl...and now everyone at the hotel does too.
in the flesh! Looking forward to catching up! Might have to jet early, so ill try to get there early
Wish I could've stayed longer at #Murmuration #BirdBath. Missed , , , etc. Great talk w/ others though
one man's grunt is another man's Shakespeare.
Wait, they made a Dirk Gently series? Downloading...
Jake, what's up? You're cool and awesome
Thx for the info. I'm thinking of looking into that kind of program, but I'm in the USA so I'll check out a few programs here.
But Mama gave me an awful lot. #BowChickaBow ;)
Thanks for the shout out! We appreciate.
But I hear you!
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is to not stop questioning.-- Albert Einstein
yes :D lol.
It's a good day for a growler fill....well, aren't they all!
is in the lead of Joe and it needs to stay that way!! keep voting! he deserves to win!!<33
And a trolley show too! RT: will play an intimate show at tonight, blogs :
its cold as fuck
Go Cards!
Hello Everyone on this wonderfull sunny day :) Hope you have a great day ,love from the philosophy stylist's harley & claire :)
Love that girl
thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed! Keep in touch!
#TypeYourNamewithyourelbow ...hannah I did it lol:p
This is my 1st skinny decaf sugar free mocha. I'm actually impressed. I know it's a chemical shitstorm, but I need some breaks on this diet.
Life is never easy for those who dream. Robert James Waller
Beautiful #run this morning. Now time to match it w a great #walk to work. Not too shabby for a
Borrowed a car tonight. Windows down, music loud... it was wonderful.
Can anyone invite me to spotify? Would it be worth actually paying for? busterross@
Thank you too Jeanne!. great experience and everyone was really nice to work with. alot of laughs too
tigers blew it. Not cool. They are going to blow it.
I REALLY HATE TWO FACED PEOPLE.
Lovin the pep talk on my Halls cough drop wrapper
Can't the movie AT LEAST have subtitles???
Greenie, have you never heard of SeaGulls, Pelicans, Egrets, Cranes and possibly even Flamingos?
Hello, how is everyone doing? hope ya'll have a great Tuesday by far.. Wanna to relax and a have good sleep.. Chamomile help..
A ONESIE DOES NOT MEAN K-8!!!
Watching the Broncos vs the Steelers-- go to OT-- tied at 23!! For the first time in NFL history-- No Sudden Death and it about time!.
RT The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Enjoy The Black Keys... But just wish they were good looking.
Shane's infamous meatloaf and gorgonzola sandwich is on now at Lottie's!
I love doing that
Support Jaylon Tate ! Follow Us. Give us a s/o
Hang in there man....my condolences.
And I'm also assuming that that was probably the 8a-4p shift too, because that's when I was leaving the area of Roosevelt/Canal, 4pm.
Has there ever been a real white girl MC? Debbie Harry, nah...but I can't think of any.
and Starbucks has some delicious little mini's to celebrate it too :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!! :D
Why Guys? Why put doesn't follow me :( is horrible!! :/ I miss my followers:'(
In just minutes, will be anchoring her second to last newscast. Tomorrow, she begins a new chapter, outside of journalism
(making us dumber). That's just dumb!
The slides are already creative commons license, I'll do the workbook too eventually, but if you want to re-use that content just DM me
That movie... omg. It's hilarious. haha
Oprah as an avatar looks stupid...
Looking good for the Bulldogs. Only 30 seconds to go.
don't go to that place though
I want to travel into the valleys of your dreams.... Mia
TMZ News Alerts: Donna Summer Dead -- Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Cancer
#thatawkwardmoment when you spell color(colour) the Canadian way in America during school!!!!
Seeking a Sr. Graphics Engineer with next gen console experience who wants to work for a stellar Bay Area game studio. Interested? You know…
Don't underestimate the power of the Internet.
This is so boring!!!!!
Chinese Lunar New Year Fest, Fashion Square mall, 2-4, this Saturday February 20th. 2010 is the Year of the Tiger! Rawr.
how do you know ??? Hah awesome.
At halftime, the #Heat lead the #Bulls 56-51
Current economic slump is no curb for online college goers. Improving their career prospects is priority for today’s students
Same in Maine 87 last week my Harley is PISSED!
ur nazi ab workout was intense lol made me look like a fat kid haha
Congrats to and on the hard-fought win tonight!
You're welcome! Recovery International and the YMCA share many members, we're always happy to support!
Watching Fox News. Forget about it Eric; this is Kentucky.
Hey, I was going to send you a long form email but I figured I'd just ask on here: are you coming to the Loyola class reunion?
up so early:/ #backtobed:)
Dear housecat, In the struggle against your uppity behavior, please remember: I am the human, and the human will win.
Congratulations to my buyers who just closed in their first Rio Rancho home!
Ok I'm up. Headed to meet the client in Atlanta.
yes I do love zack Montana ,but I wanted to change my profile picture to the ICONic Boyz!!!!:D
Hopefully they have tractor trailers of food back there for the rush. heh sorry I shouldnt go there :p
"This country doesnt need another war. We need to quit the ones we're in. We need to save the money and bring our troops home."-Dr Ron Paul
Not the ones with Halos
i love my job. i love being on desk. but i'm ready to go home. don't touch my stuff. why are you letting a 3rd grader read Halo: The Flood?
Anyone wanna ball?
Thanks so much for the follow! Cheers!
What forums?
So, I wonder if Elmer Fudd ever sang that English Beat song, "Ranking Full Stop...?"
BE BOLD
This is for you :)!
The next time you take a look @ urself remember; u are made beautifully & perfectly n Gods image!!!
There simply is no other like this genius. You are brilliant!!!
have fun and good luck
Seeing the maine in june fuck yes.
oh you pregnant?
I am watching the nicolas cafe movie that came out on dvd Tuesday... Very bad movie... Don't rent it.
miss you to! and thanks for the RT =)
She need to close her legs.. omg >.< wdf..
You don't know her like I do.
Lunch time at time for me to leave. :-(
I'm in a good mood what do you expect.....?
Thanks, Dave...we had a blast! RT: “: Fantastic show this morning!!!”
Doug Collins is my favorite coach in Philly by far, Lavy is 2nd , close 3rd is Cholly Manuel...the rest you pick haha
Its off.
If it means alot to you
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Ya got me, too ;-) No problem, though.
Thank you for reading! Let us know if there are any topics you'd like to see us cover!
under. She needs too much assistance while on the track
Follow she just got a twitter account
I look around at what I got, and without you, it ain't alot.
I am EXTREMELY upset that 87.7 WLFM is now talk radio. I grew to really like the adult contempo grooves. I'd bounce btwn them and V103
"We kept our sticks to ourselves. We played physical, but we didn't overstep our boundaries
RT Got me a new friend , ayyyee #ME TOO! :-)
I was having trouble sleeping, but I guess I'll try it one more time. I love and miss you! I'll text you in the morning. <3 (:
RAWR is exactly what I was thinking.
Now what do I want to eat?
Next up, 18U #CAHA State final - #OCHC vs San Jose Jr Sharks
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” Lao Tzu (Notice: Are you willing to go 1,000 miles? - I am)
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because lets have sex.
the only god thing about today is the weather.
Bro,this song is from 2010.it's not old
Don't forget to join us in Cloverdale for the Friday night concert and the wonderful farmers market.
i lost her other movies so i know she gone be tripping .
We hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving!! GO PACK GO!!!
Meeting Richard Martin(Global Container Partnership) @ Cheesecake Factory, Ashford Dunwoody! happy to explore connections for
DID I MENTION I'M STARVING?!
Lady Antebellum on #TheVoice! <U+E328>
I'm actually laughing so hard right now ahahahahah omg
Thank you for following!
I can't believe you almost got shot by NYP while playing a part! Thanks for the follow. Love your links.
Long hot relaxed bath / The weightlessness of water / Cleansing, finding calm.
let me check shipping costs, but should be around $40. I'll have specific numbers in place by next week. Let me know.
There are over 15 visual clues on Sgt. Peppers that Paul McCartney died in a car crash.
I prefer to gorge myself on reruns of "Mister Ed" while listening to Led Zeppelin.
Gay is good
Some times you have to look back to look forward
that would hubbahubba!
#Colbert wins, just wish he could have thrown in some slowpitch softball scores following the fantasy league update.
whats your moms name?
Off for a bike ride..lovin the weather.
no you are always kayne west!!!!! Forever n always!!! Miss you!!!
YO FAM! Let's get this status past 70 "LIKES" by midnight, we will release a new video! ;) Love, Nick, Akash, Rob, & Bryan.
She said Im the realest nigga around and I said damn that makes 2 of US!
That is good
I do hope all my #grasshoppers watch... and listen... and enjoy... #damejudidench on !! xox ~myagi (lol!)
oh, nice! “: tie between Hermione Granger & Death (in 's style).”
I'm crying I have to see marina
Happy Fat Tuesday! We have King Cake..come enjoy some with us!
mcdonald's down the street from work found a dead guy in the parking lot. Food probably killed him.
So much to do! Mechanical royalties, bookings, press! So much to do!
Yea. It's new . & what u mean esn ?
I'm the Kedrick Perkins of knuckle sandwiches RT True. Knuckle sandwich rescinded.
Lovely ladies, it is perfectly fine if you want to wear leggings as pants. But please remember to wear nude or black undies.
Miss ya buddy. Hockey talk soon.
U STAY OUT OF THIS, I TOLD YOU THAT THING BUTTER IN CONFIDENCE!
& I HAVE TO TAKE CHORUS OMG KILL ME
Im hella late 4 the gym but at least I'm going
"I got a ninja blowjob in japan from a japanese ninja"
the ones you think will be there for you, be the most flawest ones... luckily i see past all that bullshit people be puttin on..
on another note, DAN SEARLE REPLIED TO ME TWICE OMG
Thanks, Susan... was hoping you might be here at the conference so I could say hello!
sounds like you had an interesting day!
Time to get serious! Komen 5K is in a month and I need to step up my game plan!!
NO I DON'T GET IT YET HOLD ON IMMA ABOUT TO .
Libertarianism worse than conservatism:They tell me the seriously-injured poor ="not my problem." But they'd be left to die? That's wrong.
Friend "I miss when all fire fighters were hot." Me "I pretty much think all firefighters are sexy just because they save lives and protect"
I'm a God girl that's who I'll be From the top of my head to the soles of my feet...I'm your girl for the whole wide world to see <3
My best friend Lindsey wrote an 8 page story about my mom <3 ily
Oh my gosh summer needs to hurry up!
“: super stressed. i need a hug :( <3”I'll give you a hug:)
Looking fwd to it! RT : Deepest apologies for delay re: this wk's #tweetea. Today we're discussing social good w/
#FF Great colleague, better person
Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!
EDSITEment is looking for an answer to what apps would benefit middle school students
Lol w.e, ima text you.
“: lakers has the most haters .” << since forever
The Boyfriend video needs to come out already!
G'morning have a beautiful day! Xo
I want to hear that roundtable! Sounds great.
My list is much longer than 140 characters. Hope you or POTUS hit it big. Does POTUS have to pay down national debt w/ winnings?
I SEE YOU
personalized learning is making waves 4 sure. U should look at what's happening w/ ePortfolios and self-directed learning.
have a safe trip back! the activity looks pretty stellar!
I am so very sad and sorry for Trayvon Martin's mother having to face Mother's Day without her son
RT : Happy Sexy
More artists confirmed! Till we release more names send in questions for !!
Hope you had fun camping! Thanks for coming out to see us!
Great work day & it's gonna be a great night!
Always Say Anything in Philadelphia.
We will be at 'Earth Day' Balboa Park this Sunday! We will be located near the Prado restaurant and lily/koi pond. Come say hi!
An ex-boyfriend from 19 yrs ago is complaining on fb of how I used to "collect" phone numbers at clubs. #LetItGo #ForTheLoveOfGOD!!!
Alright. Time to shower, get dressed, and get down to some serious business. Study Day, I'm comin at you.
military industrial complex. War!
Coming up at 6:30 on NBC 6: Some Broward neighbors are fed up. See why they're taking a stand
I can't express how excited I am for this work day to be over. I'm panicking about doing books on my own today.
So I'm standing in line @ #Walmart and this guy cuts me off in line - what an ass
Happy Birthday we love you!
We have a groundhog up in a tree in our backyard...
I'm ready, are you?
HIP HOP HOORAY! HO! HEY! HO!
Watch! New clip from my show #HaveYouSeenThisGirl at
I love the optimism
just had her first Twinkie in ~10 years. She said she's now good for the next 10, too.
follow me back? we have the same blackberry and same case :) lol
white choco mocha!!
see you at boswell books on friday! excited to pick up a copy of your book. nice coverage on jsonline too!
Ikr really m so hot lol he follows my other account (:
Lol yes u will
Can`t wait to see Gabe
I am a hypocrite when it comes 2 U. I don't like ur 0-100mph attitude, but I LIKE u as a person. Damn u EVE. : -
rain for next two days. Low 60s mid week. High 60s end of week. Jeans and sweater. But I am A CA weather wimp.
did she find you all?
is that your voice I hear in the 1990 oilers/bruins cup final!?
yes! Is noon-ish too late??
wtf do you do? I feel like everytime I'm on fb or twitter you are in a new state.
In the studio listenin to my new songs. I am speechless right now
RT : RT : Listo for my performance tonight opening for w
Ugh don't feel good.
We will, thanks for the tip!
tell ur friends and neighbors
I'm hanging with soon <3 that's my friend.
SNF, you get the same patients over and over and over. Medicare is getting tight also
Great day with great friends.
Will never happen besides maybe Lt. Gov... She lacks ideas/charisma and MD already made the mistake of electing a city politician.
kk im going!
gets my vote for most underrated. Also, even with the violence, we turned out fine right?
We hope everyone did well on their English mid-term! Send us your schedules, and we'll RT them so everyone can compare!
Watching with little sister, who is the reason for my coming to Indiana, made #iubb victory even sweeter.
#Vegas! Come party with us now! Doors are open & we have $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shot #DrinkSpecials until 11pm! Free Dance lessons in 15 mins
#boyssuck, now im stuck with a prom dress, new bathing suit and #nopromdate :(
Going to start publishing my book soon, consisting of short stories. The first will be free, the rest .99 cents. How's that grab ya?
This girl on my TL getting freaky @ 5:37 a.m
I'm so excited!! It's going to be like the best birthday I have so far!!
Not a good morning'!!
Trying to explain to fellow users what "Coach Following" means but my Mandarin is marginal & my Cantonese is non-existent.
Yea!!! Thats sounds good except I would have to make the wild rice, but I do have some mexican rice!! Any other idea??
glad someone takes my advice about something! Uchiko is incredible.
Was thinking the exact same thing. (last RT)
Thanks so much for the Follow Friday! Hope you have a great weekend!
just listened to the webinar with Great tips on new media relations we can use!
career search
Longest day of my life.
Reading, "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man," for some insight.
if i don't get a good enough grade on this final to pass the class, i will be beyond disappointed.
Hay sorry I havnt been on this account for such a long time I've been on my other account
Shop Walmart? www.gasandfoodvideo.com then www.mpbtoday.com/corky for sign up. I will give you 125 leads a week upon sign up, Let's GO !!
The smallest things show you who your real friends are...
I want some Costco pizza right about now >.<
alight, when I get out f work at 2;p
I'm ready for you
Drive Safe!!!! : heading back to west lala
Nice piece on Pollack Johnny's. How about a more indepth look at the struggles of business on the westside?
Hope everyone's having a great little 5 week! Don't forget, baked appreciation day is this thursday til sundown! Free cookies! please RT
dont wanna miss a minute of march madness? use brewcitybites to order in some great food at great prices!
said it for years tvs are gonna have a login for users when turned on their interests bio etc will create better optimization
Blazers playing hard regardless of what's on the scoreboard. Trying to get back to the scratch and claw persona of not that long ago.
That's my scene RT ": White girls sniffin paint."
they'll know soon enough!!
Happy Hour at Oz today, 5:30 till close! $3.50 cocktail and $2.50 shot specials! Perfect for pregaming before All You Can Eat BBQ for $19.99
thanks. Are they spicy? I like wings so hot they melt my face.
If you got Godly woman by you're side shot her out. Lord knowswe'd be lost worry her. ==>
Life isn't easy, don't expect everything to come to you
kk sounds great.. ill be puttin in my order soon!
Your press rep has got to love your non refund policy for dying vet.... Shame on you hope you enjoy your hate messages!
Oh wow! That's awesome! Thanks so much dahlin :)
what did she do?
Should I start The Walking Dead tonight? It is on instant.
THIS IS MONUMENTAL NEWS
: Friday Night I'll be at Incarnate Word spinning the TAKEOVER for the fuck wit it...
If you want to record with me hit me up fb/twitter/text holla at me
Anytime! Hope all is well w/you. RT : Thanks for the follow and good for you on the foundation and business!
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven. Henry Ward Beecher
I promise im gonna stop. but in most cases its the truth. Its not wrong to call a bitch a bitch if she's really a bitch! HA!
what's the music like?
I-75 NB still stop and go near I-4. Traveling less than 10mph between stops. More time for podcasts!
I woulda been dead at Ashland if I woulda known dat shit was gone crack mann
New Foo Fighters sets the day up nicely.
"This is my first car break up." Hahahaha
excited to hear about your "runway posts" tonight. Excited to hear what you are working on.
Painted my fingernails royal blue. Not taking it off til loses. Not that I expect them to lose.
"I don't care if it's day. I don't care if it's night. I cannot care for anything that isn't a part of you." - J. Massenet, 'Werther,' Act I
where do we go for Hamlin?????
Nice! Blue Line station at Grand has train tracker digital screen outside like the bus shelters have. Cc
To say #Boston's true colors include racism is a 40 y.o. notion thats been debunked countless times. should retract the story.
woke up at 230 and could not get back to sleep...
We are at Union Station on Massachusetts Ave. Our special today- White House White Cheddar.
my thoughts exactly ! Lol text me fool
Did you know: a third of all cancers could be cured through early detection and proper treatment? Help support. www.socialimpactinc.org
Best. Night. Ever.
I think you'd be a mixture of Harry and Louis
S/o 2 Chu Zu " Sassy an Classy " Music Video in the making...
Feels good! Can't wait to hang out with you guys the rest of this week. :)
Last day of my current coaching gig. Will miss the people but not the smell of the metro or long commute
Philly may be in for a long season, oh well. They dung their own grave
Just watched 21 Jump Street . & i thought it was a badass movie :DD & funny as hell
yay! Excited to read it.
Aw thanks hon!!
Yes and what worked at 28 doesn't seem to at 38!
Can't wait till I have enough money to take care of my Mom for life
Goodnight for real this time. I am not a morning person lol
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. Margaret Thatcher
Good luck & know that you are already a success. The best is yet to come.
Woke up feeling an electric charge running through my bones. I'm amped today and ready to get some stuff D-O-N-E
Great meeting you too!
What is this breakfast time you speak of?
kay how nice now i want ice cream!
Thanks! I hope your day is fun and easy.
God knows who belongs in your life & who doesn't. Trust.. & let go.
I want donuts!!!
You think you know me, when the truth is you know nothing about me.
Are you getting ready for Engine28, the pop-up newsroom? June 15! Covering all things theater in LA. Oh yah!
Thats ESPN for u. RT Why the fuck they asking Cris Carter about Miami Heat ?!
Congratulations for finishing the Half Marathon Pasadena
Amusing bc I had non-lib friends over 4 dinner last pm & ended up talking about libs & ebooks. (they brought it up!)
Winter has finally come to C-ville! The groundhog's forecast must have been right after all...
Kendrick Lamar interlude in the morning perfect way to Start your day
lo ight i will :P
Ah. I really like hot dogs, and Tip Top is by my office, and Betty's is good too. Also I work for a bank not very uniony
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: China has 80,000 people per square mile while Greenland has 10 square miles per person!
Say something funny and I'll say something nice to you :)
Let him open your mind before he opens your Legs. The bond usually lasts longer.
thank you!
Yeah cause I don't think I'd give him back, unless I had to leave myself.
Living, young, wild and free
One week from now I will be getting off a plane in Austin for SXSW....can not wait.
Overdubs are happening today in the studio! So excited for #CFNi38!
HOW TO ENTER SWEEPSTAKES: Please text 910-633-5843 and write "NYGIVAWAY" or write that on our site, please leave an email,number! GOOD LUCK!
it's been a great conference so far. There is a large tech pavilion set up that is really cool.
Hi ! EOI would like to thank u for a great evening at the Thanksgiving Tasting. We all had a blast. Hope to see u again soon!
I about killed that mother fucker!
Jack rabbits scare the fuck outta me. Almost peed my pants.
New post: Can brands change as fast as markets they serve? weighs in.
We're playing a FREE show Friday at the 2 Bit Saloon, come hang out!
Its fine that you like to piss me off, just beware I will fuck your shit up.
i gotcha!
thank god everything went god:D
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
The series finale of "Lost" was the television equivalent of a text message break-up.
I'm on twitta. =D
Brewers already down big, 'xers gettin killed...do the lakers have a chance aka should I even go to the bar?
Guess what!!! Max broke up with his girlfriend he is single now I told my sis and she got so happy but I told her tht he's urs<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Standing outside waiting on my 12's
Jonathan Harris rich observations: compression, disposability, curation and self promotion
kay. You too :)
Now that Jay-Z has a kid to raise, he can't make Watch The Throne II. Wiz Khalifa will take his place and he and Kanye will rap about love.
I'll know more tomorrow but it looks like the transmission is shot on my Cadillac. OVERDUE for a new ride!
I love him to the point where I just want to marry him!
“In this country, people succeed when they have the chance to get a decent education and learn new skills.”—President Obama”
Packers drafted someone. I will cheer for him.
Thinking of pouring bottle of Avery/Russian River "Collaboration Not Litigation" @ Avery Brew sampling party tonite 6-8pm! Better get here!
Q. Who’s the world’s greatest athlete? A. The guy who finishes first and third in a masturbation contest.
If You Can't Luv Someone Luv Yourself!!!!!!!! LOL
Again what was the reason you suggested I join Twitter?
maybe next week. Can I get a cheering section? I need to talk to Eric for tips.
Hopefully, as mentioned, this is an opportunity, to ask why your library gets treated differently than any other customer..
Hush you.
any of you #mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for #aam2012?
ok so wht do u want me to do then
let's just hope that u appreciate Lime and Digicel a little more from now on lol
o_O ok now I'm afraid to since you said that! Lol
"Whisky for my men and beer for my horses." Sing it, Willie!
RT : How the f*ck you protect your tweets but not your p*ssy ?
Final Fights? Sounds good. ;-P
baha! Tom Hanks channeled Yauch for the 1st line. Then it fell apart...
Dominating in sports trivia
happy birthday shakespere, or however your name is spelled
Yeah, I'm never going to be one of those people who pays $289.99 for a concert ticket. Sorry! lol
How is my phone already dying?!?
This verizon commercial gets muted every time.
Morning tweople! #wake&bake
: hope you are having an enjoyable weekend too!
The ghost!
Your complete source for Networking, Internet/Intranet Systems, Computer Hardware, Software, Accessories and Service.
The Dover laps go for...$300!!!
Oh wow. Looks like I'm gonna have to buy someone a beer one of these days lol
Just added you to our list for the #SocialSuite With , and Other check it out :)
Focus Group » ”: 5/7 @ 7p. looking for fashion, jewelry, craftspeople, entrepreneur types--people who would hire me!”
what filler do you use for crabcakes?
because you're a stalker! :D
Madison voter turnout was at 13% as of 4 p.m. Tuesday. A total of 23,027 people had cast ballots.
RT : A happy iPhone user leaves with audio books and the power of new tech knowledge-late to work, but happy
sadly word is he never had a chance and only gets the intv to comply w/ rule
who are you?..
Moving forward to our Hacking for Humanity event, happy to announce as a sponsor providing some good eats.
Huge day...boy or girl..answers to come
He lied down on the table
filmmaker seeking fan fic for project. Contact
guess ima do the same go to oomf and stay over there know she gon cook
RT: Anna Settman- "How often do we really change things in our lives? The ability to change starts with one of us first."
GOD IS GOOD.. HE JUST OPEN A DOOR TO SUCCESS.. THANK U GOD
''It aint my fault'' by was the shit back in the day!
I have the fever!!!!
If you're going for Memphis because it'll be an "upset" you really need to go back to kindergarten because 4 is in front of 5.
I hate missing a twitter fight. Ha. :(
For Paolo #cyberlearning Do we need to spend $$$ to build things in class? Fablab seems to go against DIY ethos. (Its cool though)
it IS a great experience! ...and an amazing piece of art for the living room wall.
I WISH YOU LOVE!!!!
I have yet to watch Adam Lambert on Good Morning America. I'm gonna watch it in a few after Dancing With The Stars goes off. Hugs 2 all. <3
love it when you, talk that talk to me..
holding on Wagner
As much as I invite sleep, it refuses the invitation. -.-
Thanks for following me back! Everything you say is so true!! Haha :))
Great! We'll have a big group participating. I should start planning a Saturday night pre-race meal. Are you 1/2 or full?
welcome to my seven new directs this rocks!
Ha ha lets get this party started... Cinco De Mayo!!!
<U+2640>Telling a half #truth is the same as #lying<U+2640>
Those are her eventual plans but she has the luxury of a cushion period of post-collegiate angst.
They never used Olivier St. Jean right, fer christ sake!
What word starts with a p and ends in orn
ok, so i believe something good is happening. Blakes mom isnt coming back for 2 more weeks...:)this makes me a happy camper today
Shiiit we was kids ourselves u kno! #goodoledays I remember a 8 was a hot dubb!
I look forward to watching it. I think I may try the looks next week. :)
it was it really was
Dude - there is a damn Sonic across from the Planet Fitness I go to. I frequently get a hot dog post-workout.
it's up to Taylor “: and it will go back again. right?”
& not that i wish anything bad for him but karmas gonna happen to him just watch.
Hi there. So great to see another #hyperlib student here!
USTREAM IN A MINUTE! #YEE :D
Hooray Gina! Tweet Away!
If you love, you'll come visit me at Old Navy tonight. AYE.
Got a little hot in the tanning bed today.
agree! Art move!!!
#FF .. cause' they make my, aswell as many people's ears happy. (:
And Doron Lamb is the 60th player in school history to have 1,000 career points and the 2nd player to do it in a national championship game.
yucky lol i got a snow day and it didnt even snow last night...must've snowed in falcon...
My sister ain't back. She must be with her friends..
SPRING IS IN THE AIR, Aspiring models 4 work send your inquiries via email now
HELP! Does anyone know where you can order those old-skool Globe-shaped drinks cabinets? urgently need one! pls RT!!
Haha ": whitely cove baby! King ranch deer all around...and good red fishing too. #bluffrat"
I love tanning...
Almost there haha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>RT : hopefully you can halfway fit em now
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon Hill
just joined the AP style twitter channel. journalism nerds unite!
My soul my soul magnifies.. Something something yeah I forget the words magnifies!
Are you in the L.A. area?
alas, once again my name will be on the work order. or else we'll wait several months like we did with the air conditioning.
: Whats the difference between aggregation & curation? Curation done people. Aggregation is done computers.
George Washington grew up just about 5 miles away from me. Wow. Lol cool
So, do I intervene when employee tells elderly customer ”if you don't get this antivirus software I could steal your id”?
RT : If Sartre were alive today, NO EXIT would've been set inside an endless comment thread.
I'm in a happy mood yay :D
Yeah? But what happens in fight club stays in fight club... Or something...
Editing our web series trailer, in a reading with , then off to see my girl Aubyn make her Network Debut on !
Ring the Bell
I love you Justin! I really hope you see this! <3
Wow I can't explain how I feel from all the love I've received from the UH Cougar family! Thank y'all for everything!
well demos r good! N those studios are amazing! Good luck with em :)
Litigious little brother? Ken Starr is president of Baylor-what do you expect???
i feel like ima over dress tomorrow for school & shit but it's my fcknn birthday . YOLO ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans? Will accept any answer! Be creative!
you can 'only' follow 2000 people unless you have enough followers. I follow a ton of photographers and have hit a limit.
No...it's not possible!
BREAKING NEWS: the Ottawa franchise of the CFL sign QB Seneca Wallace. Team Scheduled to begin play in 2013 at earliest....or 2014....or 15
congrats A! You look great in your grad gear.
I don't understand all these crazy acronyms. Please stick to Spanish, English, French or Portuguese. Thank you!!
The Text Analytics Summit has kicked off! is 1st up, giving a TA overview of the technology, solutions and market
Elizabeth Moss differentiates between data "sighting" (in text) versus data citing (a proper reference) for ICPSR
Just call me
Lincoln's second inaugural is kinda deep:"..every drop of blood drawn by the lash shall be paid by another drawn with the sword..."
There you go, That was an accident, Sorry. :) Xx
Are you a secret fan girl? My the songs you're playing...it's just a guess.
Your Cute(;
Good morning good #tea people! We give account for our actions, so let's make they're worthy of the books.
there's no need to be jealous
If it doesn't specifically have to be those dates, there is the race in April!
Pizza of the Week: The Hawaiian ~ BBQ Base, Mozzarella, Canadian Bacon, Bacon Bits, Red Onions & Pineapple.
In Full Effect
Gotta appointment tomorrow at 1:30 .. Make sure I finish that test so I can leave that bit !
I'm latelatelatelatelatelate.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I love how down to earth zac efron is :) compared to most celebrities
People have been asking us who won the RT contest. Sorry for not making this public earlier, but won!
ugh... that's torture! Have you read the Hunger Games series? That's my next movie to see.
it's a pop up coworking space brought to you by at the for the week pre-#sb46. Come join us tomorrow!
Well tonight should be very interesting
he's just one of those musicians where you're like "could you just release some more music, already!" because it's so good...
ahha me too!! Have you been there?
Lmao you a fool
I'd say they played as a 2 piece at least 1/3 of the set. It was pretty awesome
A really shitty band is performing in same building as my lecture. The whole class just keeps laughing
Difficult for me not to over do it. Need to improve self awareness, both mental and physical.
happy ba-ba-birthday to and !
Im so in love with this guy! !! You gotta follow him!
: Your work is so important! Thank YOU! RT : Thank you!!!!
thank you :)
Go Girl!
I love it. Zombie run.
Had a good day #<U+E056>
no prob! Im glad you liked the song! So was that the first time you heard of us?
Hallelujah! Holy shit! Where’s the Tylenol?
Via Q:How can we create interactive and authentic learning experiences? A:Supplement w media-driven content.
: This news just made my night! :)
Hi guys, yep, this is the right Loku. We're back in NYC in a few weeks, mind if we DM you then?
it reflects my current frame of mind!
ms. key
thank you for listening, lady! There's a lot of heart and soul in that...
Fun to say: rat-fink fuck face.
Love it.
That's a great thing...U only need to worry when u don't hv haters. Hell I love my haters. They my motivation.
tickey boo thanks :-). How are you?
Two TD's for the rookie Doxin in Puppy Bowl VI. Why am I watching this?
i wanna be more(:
That's good :] I'm great thanks, a little tired though xD
You can tell PG was partying in Bloomington last night.
As I get older, I just prefer to knit. - Tracey Ullman
Actually, it's honesty.
just got word one way tentatively scheduled to be on stage at 1:30 PM tomorrow
“Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.”
THIS WEEK: ED ROBINSON'S MUSIC The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart "IF I FOLLOW MY HEART" is
oh i liKE IT!
"Take this world, and give me Jesus"
Later. I don't have a smartphone.
Our 16th Anniversary is on March 18th! To celebrate, we're giving 16% off for the rest of March. Mention that you saw it online.
Highest pick #ravens ever used on a C was Chris Chester at 56, then Rabach at 92. No way they'll take Konz at 35
Live up the last few hrs before its next year!!!!!!
I think I'm going to go for a run.
Survived the weekend. A little worse for wear. But I live nonetheless.
why do I always drop my phone on my face
Somebody Need To Come Takee Care Of Me .
A quick walk with Yogi just became a two mile hike. What an absolutely perfect day!
Now I'm wearing a smile I don't believe in, Inside I feel line screaming
Just saw the new #googlechrome commercial with #ladygaga and all I can say is wow.
What's the Eagle?
if i was gettin it in i wouldnt complain lol
i have the best boyfriend ever ... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
The record-keeping agency is acknowledging a 44-year-old Hawaii pro surfer for catching a 78-foot wave
Looking forward to #AppNation 3. Having reviewed the agenda/attendees its amazing how far this show has come since AppNation 1, 7 mos ago.
People who barely tweet or don't tweet at all should be unfollowed , they're just taking up space .
push her down the stairs...?
she went to jail? What?
my bad Kevin been so busy. One full item. One half off item
I like this
Apparently a widespread sentiment!
Eli was hilarious last night!
"I got everything he don't, I do everything he does x3"
appreciate that bruh. Glad you rock with it
Hi Bernie is providing food, clothing and replacement medications to residents of 14 units from fire this am
so...I guess our future children are going to Harvard.
Waking up to what makes you beautiful on the radio>>>> :)
call me
I think I need a fix today or tomorrow. Interested in a lil yogurtland?
Not tired at all right now!
thanks bro! Miss u!
RT : We're at J&R Music World with come on out to grab their new CD and get it signed!
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
Thanks English Department. We all wanted to write a paper on the last week of school.
So who's right? #Apple tells me I can't upgrade b/c of #ATT contract; but then ATT tells me I can't upgrade b/c of Apple.. want
Hate going to the movies. Miserable experience. Popcorn & a Coke is not a 5 min per person transaction, people.
Sorry I like to let my anger out but not on people
Hahahaha, they are pretty sure we're insane. xD
Rest In peace, Dick Clark.
Listening to on mix 104.1 in boston! Awesome! Still weird that its no longer WBCN, but great to hear Angie back on air!
The worst thing is regretting in the grave!
Just had a great ALO meeting at the Middle States Commission on Higher Ed Annual Meeting.
No worries. I miss you, but was good dinner company.
Are they Dunkin Donuts?? If so I will be selling a sponsorship of your highly desirable audience of four ppl + 1 dog
You appear just like a dream to me...
. is there any way to measure "most affordable housing markets" with "desirable places to live?" sorry #fortwayne and
@ @ @ @ @ JUNKY needs a big game tonight
If the person isn't taken, there's a reason
Down! - the sushi RT : Someone come over and watch movies, animes, play video games, listen to dubstep and eat sushi with me!
me too
What the hell is up man? lol... #DoaE modding pioneer with #LuBu mod
Happy Birthday too you
The Booby Bandit... So shy she wears a mask.... But hard to hide 34G cup boobs!!!
I think it'll go to the top of the list for the next first date. I'll let you know how that goes!
When people carry on a convo on twitter & I'm thinking why wouldn't you just text?
"Ilwaukee" "Remians"? Come on Fox6! No wonder people say Milwaukee news sucks.
“: I always say i live in Europe it sound cooler than saying I live in Germany lol”lol..y u feel the need to sound cool?
In the middle of updating a tech book and am amazed at how quickly instructional tech resources go stale.
Ticket King Milwaukee is happy to announce that we have been a B accredited business since 1997. Check out before you buy!
hahahahahaha I'm so jealous!!!!!!! I just ordered thank you notes 2 so I can bring it to the shore!!
your so coo
Hahaha. Did you see me wwiitthh my mom? Lol(;
I can't stop smh
such as Bring Me The Horizon, At The Skylines, Arch Enemy! Until then, we will be hitting up the studio to record with our new vocalists :)
'Briefcase' cast & crew on Twitter:
hey whats up
It's a sad day when my Spotify keeps crashing.
That it takes this complex and chaotic world and quiets it, creating a silence that screams louder than the cacophony.
Follow your intuition, gut or inner voice. Mine is mostly right on target and today its telling me that something great is about to happen!
Long & productive day! Still more to be done.
Good, isn't it?! Also enjoying 'I am the blues' on YouTube (same band, same night).
Longtime no tweet but I've been blessed to be busy with some big projects on my hands. Who would've thought I'd be producing country music?
No problemo. Were you able to find more pics from your FL caving and diving trip?
hey girly!! How are you?
Had a very productive recording session with my artist Veronica yesterday..pleased with the direction we're going in with her musically
Volunteering. I've wanted to help him for a while. Good man fighting the necessary fights. Big implications for November and beyond.
Spiritwalking everyday...notice the whispers of love all around you...let go of anything else, BE LOVE ENJOY, LOVE, Spiritwalking with you!
RT : Going to annotation reputation network workshop in Feb, w/ some very very clever folk. Very happy to be invited
"Loving the world today" BBQ.
Biggest adjustments: full-sized keyboards, PCs, commute that is not in my PJs.
Awww! How are you Sweetie? I brought the account down temporarily just to re-align. But we're back! ;) -
“: City Barbeque for dinner! #yum” AMAZING FOOD
Oops! Sorry about that.
Haha RT if u live in texas around san antonio and the storm is comin
Your imagine is amaZAYN :)
MT we are at 57 degrees this month too :) ====> See you Friday night at 1735 Hancock, San Diego!
OMG (James Blunt) Tickets go on pre-sale tomorrow morning for the show in Atlantic City! EEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKK I'm so excited!
I can believe a lot but Collins cannot be at the Masters while others petition for him. Too outrageous.
Three individual ones at 2mb each or less
Drag his ass in the street and let Trayvon's family
Retweet this if you follow me:D and everyone who see's this. If your cool then click the follow button.
commando! Epic movie
This day needs to end now
Election night party starts at 8ish at the Washington Court Hotel on the Hill.
Ya, at 65 my mom isn't too in to the Marvel universe. Last film I think she liked was Moneyball.
It can be, but doesn't have to be. I tell my students the Res could be any and all the consequences of the climax.
SFBJ Journalist Oscar Musibay will be discussing social media and technology at #crackingthecode!
fits our situations PERFECTLY :p
well my crush said I was pretty today so I'm in a pretty good mood hahahah
What are your weekend plans Columbus?
#AskScandal GIRL FIGHT!!!!
thank you so much enjoy your mothers day weekend :-)
hey! I only got clearance on Saturday and had my first interview yesterday thank you very much.
You know what's cooler than a million dollars? A million cakepops!
Sometimes the best things you can ever have comes after the worst times of your life.
How's your heart ? RT : 76ers are 1st team in NBA playoff history to play 3 straight games decided by 1 point.
Why do teachers think they have the right to tell me what to do!!!!!!
Listen to and play hooky at the museum tomorrow from 11-4! Tomorrow's also your last day to see our current exhibitions.
It's been a long, successful day. Unfortunately, I'm sick and have a headache. :'(
Listen to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
: Thanks for the RT!
Would you like to see Jairo Asencio sent down along with Dan Wheeler?
Up & made breakfast & a snack for my baby to have a perfect day! Good Morning Tweethearts!
I meant where are you guys raging? I am too old to rage.
"Operate from the creative and NOT from the competitive"
President's Day bonus cash just announced! Come in today to get the best deals of the year!
Hi how are you? :)
once again, WE ARE THE SAME PERSON. Ugh same! I really need me so Kevin Ray though... SO PERFECT
We are all wondering how your first day went!!!!
“: So close to see my beautiful cousin <U+2665><U+2665>”
Thank you Austin, you made my life is better(:
why does 311 app exist?
In the thick of end-of-the-semester sentimentality. Proud of my students.
My life just needs to slow down
It takes 3-10 million dollars to buy a dealership!
it's definitely a great way for people to get a feel for the clothing!
Someday, I'll tell the story about me and a hoop skirt.
Hi! I've been terribly here lately...just watched #DWTS on hulu...loving the new cast! How've you been?
Yea :p
What does everyone think of the new song "Desiree" ?
please call baltimore best crabs at 443.616.1063
you always know the perfect gifts
Early morning is never going to be my favorite time of day, but Earl Grey tea and a lovely omelette with caramelized onion definitely helps.
LOL KillYoSelf RT : “: I am more bored than a black kid in a white church”
I'll be changing the tapes on the mainframes all weekend. Only call me if it's really important or if you're
ha! That could've been it
Haven't heard of anyone doing fills. Let us know if you find a place.
Oh my goodness... I almost died from a slim jim.
“: So I was the first ever #tweetfromyourseat winner for the Thanks for the gift card to CONGRATS KEVIN!
Ikr...waiting on this name to come to me. Rt": imma need you to provide a different stat!! lol!"
The TunnelFacts team was interviewed by of KING 5 earlier today. It should be on the 5pm news.
You don't suspect someone you know just being an ass?
Having 5 individually unique sisters is the thing I'm truly most grateful & thankful for. <U+2764>
I hate getting oil changes. Dude. I want an oil change for $40. I'm NOT spending $400 on crap. But thanks for asking.
You really not following me back yet? Like now u must be to cool for me haha. I want to catch up babe. Stop being an ass to me :(
- giving the Big12-4+2 credit 4 anything...hmm..I can't bring myself 2 do that just yet. Glad it doesn't matter anymore.
Consider applying for the Samuel Proctor Oral History Program’s fall undergraduate internship program. Applications due: April 20th.
As someone who absolutely hates American Idol, in all of its forms, I am really enjoying The Voice so far. It has a very different feel.
Gonna be on '90210' this week - Tuesday, 8pm on the CW. My scenes are with the awesomely cool Check it out!
Y do niggaz have kids but dnt take care of em sorry ass nigga
Dressed and ready
The lowest home insurance policy is not always the best investment.
hilarious avatar! You have a great sense of humor & are making a positive impact in New England one tweet at a time.
Videos also increase views on Press Releases
#Rogation Tuesday: pray for commerce and industry in our communities!
CEO Jeff Chow "the apple and android editorial teams are very aggressive about featuring apps" #xcmobile”
thanks for being a team player. Could've switched numbers!!
your booth looked great (as usual :). So glad we ran into you!
RT Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
you should tweet more. <3
Everyone thanks you for picking up all of the Vodka Sauce.
Woody wins. Has only been to the #Oscars once after the 9/11 attacks. He was personally asked to be there to support New York.
Im happy for you
Completely changed my hair ideas for this summer again. Should be cool :D
I miss you, too! We need an Entourage night, stat!
Top notch work even making picks when you have a new kid to worry about! Who's he cheering for today?
she's got you whipped and you guys wont ever date.. lmfao and im the dumbass ?
yep, great movie. It'll make you hungry tho
Okay...SO that was a fun day. How's everybody else doing today?
Same here the mouths on the kids is shocking and alot of them are talking to the parents that way.
If you love someone, tell them, because hearts are often broken by words left unspoken.
My english teacher is in love with me. Lol hmm....
haha thanks Coach! I'll hit you up tomorrow.
yeah with ur boys yeah most likely to be expected
I preach good shampoo rotation as much as the next straight guy, but these days I'm sticking with Garnier Fructis. It's a darn good 'poo.
Good luck on your filming. I'm sure you pass your assesment
Called the ginger wendys employer Wendy. She yelled at me
omg I fucking hate you.
Matter is the measurement of consciousness
Thats normal i guess ? haha (: . Where do you live ? Sorry if thats like weird like "WHERE DO YOU LIVE" ?!?!
on what grounds? Not in conference (obvi) or on schedule. Just seems spiteful. NCAA needs to regulate transfer stipulations
I love how people think that whenever women of a certain age have news to share. LOL.
Woohoo! Thanks for being a fan! What's your favorite sauce?
burned 252 calories doing 32 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
Jamie please try to have a concert in new York soon. I really want to be my first concert, you guys are amazing!
but Jess I was always yours <U+E327>
It amazes me how much my life has turned around in a year..
"You pay tithes... but you have overlooked the weightier demands of the Law, justice and mercy and good faith...Blind guides!"
What the? Lmao!
Tuck's work is good. Definitely on the reading list!
I know! Unbelievable!!! #allheart “: GO KIM!!! Clijsters wins the second set after saving 4 match points... #AusOpen”
#Mumbai to #Newark flight was annoying! Loved sitting in 95 degrees for 3,5 hours b4 they'd let me in terminal. Home swt home. #USA!
I'd rather live in a Washington, Marvel universe than a Washington, D.C. universe.
Is there some magic setting/preference I can enable to stop iChat/Messages from launching on Mac B when I get an IM on Mac A? SO annoying
Do you have a URL for your presentation materials? Congrats that it went so well, so you and D. Padgett.
Happy Mother's Day To All The Wonderful Mom's!
Cris Carter. Stop.
love gene simmons!
I spent 2 hours bicycling. 1,524 calories burned.
Here we go!
Have you seen today's Google doodle yet? Touching:)
Sonya, why not come to our place next time? I have an excellent recipe for frozen pizza.
Early morning trip to #DIA, safe travels it was a fabulous weekend! Starting the day off with a little sculpting
flow tigher than a dick in the butt
No problem :D
ASDFGHJKL ME TOO. D:
Happy Easter! Take some time for reflection today and remember to count your blessings.
Called another 900 number to offer a woman with a sexy voice a podcast job, she was so excited she broke character. Very off-putting.
Yes, Shawn is twitter-less. But, we still wanted to welcome him!
What's your real tumblr? I know you have one, I just don't know what it is.
Mami will be doing stand up on Monday at Carolines @ 7pm! I hope you can make it, it is gonna be fun:-)
ugh, bitch wtf yuh looking at !
oh pattie and justin (':
now I feel all poopy. I don't think I've ever spoiled anything before except milk. :(
how true that is. say it a few days ago.. it's the best!
lol yea bro how u been
It was pretty amazing and useful for parking meters too....
That Lecrae tape really Heavy G's..'Welcome To H'Town' Needs A Video/Promo Its A Hit
I hate closin wen I don't feel good imma take meds and go straight to sleep :(
Miss Riley finally caught the chicken!!!
Thanks for visiting us ! What time are your programs? Some of our staff would love to stop by sometime soon!
Christmas day and i'm wearing shorts? #Ohmy :p
Meet author Roger DeBlanck as he discusses his historical novel, The Ramos Brothers Trust Castro and Kennedy @ 6 pm Wednesday @ Gibson Lib.
cause bitches will be bitches hahaha
Finally my bed!! woo dont i love to jump on you..
Congratulations to our friends at The Show for an incredible first year!
the fact that you can rap Nicki minaj makes me love you even more :)
Tweeting is like talking to a wall..
I love that pic!
cannot think of anyone more annoying to follow than a radio dj
brb, I'll head up there now to get it
Going to the Hollywood Farmer's Market. Gonna see what its all about. Hope I can find some interesting foods.
Looks like Zooey.
God save us.
Giving up chocolate and alcohol here in DC!
cats are annoying. at least mine is
Put the banana dessert on the menu at Woodfire, pretty please!
I already saw Raw
Thank you Mom
Thanks for the additional information and congratulations on the sale! Keep an eye out for future Sperry Van Ness deals
I love how I never do anything wrong at home but I'm always the one getting in trouble
Don't get too far behind. Work a little bit everyday and stay on top of the work. Easiest thing to fall behind, hard to catch up.
At the release of Leisure Beer, a new session craft that is brewed at the Delafield Brewhaus and will soon be in mke. (Delafield Brewhaus)
Looking LOVE! is looking for your photos of their walls, you at their walls, you in their merch & your creative us of merch
to all who have started following me because has: I am SO boring. I just retweet 'cause he's my nephew.
Over 5k activists, and 150 new volunteers, join for a conference call! We're looking good...but more work to come!
I love true tv lol
Intros were about all they did right today...yikes! Hope our Rockies fare better.
Spent 3 hours today unearthing our house from the snow ... got 18 inches here, huge drifts all over.
Are you going to be at tonight's reception? #ENT12 If so, see you there!
Best nap ever!
I got a hair cut today! :)
: why pick on the one player that has no chance to play?
Tomorrow, kicks off #RecessFridays! Don’t miss out when we give away 100 by !
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together. ;P
oh yeah, that counts for something. Glad to see Oliver is anxious to return as Duncan.
Agree!! Most folks criticize celebrities, politicians and personalities. Definitely a little jealousy there.
nothing chump what's good with u
Got to love diners! ": "Have we made culinary decisions?"-Old Man at diner for the fifth time tonight."
bitch i don't know why your skippinghave to go there and sit and actually talk to one another even tho we all hate eachother
Damnit! You're right!
lol. That's hilarious!! I never watched it as a kid either. My big brother did. I used to sing the opening song all the time!
Damn you Stoke! You have nothing to play for!
I'm hoping that brings Mingo & Itasca in little Vikings dog sweaters to the bill signing ceremony.
I cringe when I hear people say, "Web 3.0"
This #survivor is kinda boring so far. I guess I like co-ed tribes better.
MIles of DISD: I think we need to backward plan. We more ed past high school, different skills based on job openings.
conversely...he's a kid. Or was a kid. Just not exactly sure what you're hunting for.
man support me and doe new song share it Dallas ant fine never get on if we don't support each other newyungin
Art is made to disturb. Science reassures. There is only one valuable thing in art: the thing you cannot explain. -Georges Braque
If your paper's certified, you know the new fibers in it are from forests responsibly managed. #sandiego SOS Printing is FSC certified
I'm all about the #rain as long as it means a cooler
Yeah I know!
Why is it the moment you stop caring is the moment they start.
Don't you just want to tell them to STFU?
mhm keep laughing ur arm won't be the only thing u icing lol
I agree, it becomes tiring to look at all the overly sexy avatars.
Happy #FF to new #travel pals
3 hours and 15 minutes till the narwhals start baconing...
"And I could've married a fireman and had two kids." "EWE, oh no!"
We gave my mom possibly the most amazing mothers day :>
4 year old birthday parties are surprisingly brutal affairs when you stuff 33 kids into 4 bouncy houses for an hour.
dont forget states have prisons too!
@ The South Florida Wedding Show at Broken Sound Club, Boca Raton
Omg amanda and robert are so cute i cant get over it! <3
What am I going to do for summer vacation?
sounds pretty great...
RT Why Didn't the Internet Take Off In 1983?: jfruh writes "An amazing pair of videos from the AT&T archives tout a......
I forgot u so bad Right ? *Sarcastic statement lol
East coast calls bay bee!!
Listen Jims steak out has a buy one get one free promotion as of right now. Specifics are as follows :
#AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestion: GRE should be used to sift students and assure quality.
We've got some extra boxes left -- maybe I WILL do it tomorrow.
love u too
These allergies are killing me #hatebeingsick<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Beechwood returns opening kick for TD
That feeling that makes you want to throw up <<<
I like the tin can effect....brings me back a few dozen years...you need to get the samsung galaxy I then..
my dad just did 1000+ sf basement remodel, it was mine if I wanted. just didn't have the time. installing the faucet on the vanity.
Life is short.. Make your hugs long and say I love you every day!
I just drove from Racine to Milwaukee without brakes using my parking brake to stop....WHEW......Thank God I Made It
I'm beginning to think the first lady is a bit of a sociopath...
Top dream tags: Mom Christmas, Mistress, Cops, Tiger, Eminem, Lady Gaga, Having Sex, Hell, David Boreanaz, Zombies -
love that vid - saw it on !
Been thinking about one of those for our Charley to remedy carsickness. Let me know if it works.
And...EXHALE.
Get up a get get getdown... 9-1-1 is a joke in yo town
Has anyone been upgraded from the #NASASocial #SpaceX waitlist?
same here..
North Carolina: Where u can marry ur cousin, just not ur gay cousin
Already the worst day ever
That was pretty stunning, eh? Digging out my old 2pac & Digital Underground albums today. :)
accordions, mandolins and whiskey - who could ask for more? www.rhubarbwhiskey.com
if I got a team USA jersey, could I go to the Blue Line to get Johnson put on the back?
well shit there goes my whole day damn
Omg! No! #Parenthood is my favorite show! Why oh why! :'(
Is doing the Cupid shuffle in my kitchen with my nieces... With candles burning and the lights out.
Fit Fact: Make fruit part of your day. Buy a fruit bowl, pre- package your favorite snacks, and throw an apple into your bag for a snack.
we're excited to host 2012 Duke Zeibert Award Event tonight.
Thanks for the follow.
I forwarded the announcement to code4lib
this my only day off this week. I'm relaxing!
loved this, but it's but me. Reminds me why I do what I do.
I absolutely will ;)
... at three outlets in town. Welcome to SD! ( is great too. He's leaving soon but I bet he'll b back.)
couldn't believe webbie was on the headphones he couldn't of been older than seven.
#thought- If everyone collectively knows to shop on "Black Friday," won't that increased demand increase prices, counteracting any discount?
Shout out to my followers! Thanks for the love!
RT : is our Systems/Strategies and incredible Biz Guru!!:)
CHECK OUT OUR NEW SONG "SKY ON FIRE" ft. at www.inspireandinfect.com let us know what you think!!
Another day another dollar getting ready for work
We need to come to God just as we are!! He already knows everything about you so be real with God!
i was just watching a guy on who wants to be a millionaire and that was the million dollar question...
“When the economic outlook requires us to do so,” the central bank will employ a series of tools to tighten policy" Ben Bernanke (rates Up)
didn't take long for the room to fill with dust, and these four walls came down around us.
I wanna goo fishing..... But i can't find my rod :'/ and no one to fish with
Congrats to for your Toys R Us placement!
damn didn't expect that many. Preciate it.
I'm embarrassed by how much I laughed at that tweet.
Got advance copy of 's new disc last nite from . Seeing concerto 2morrow night.
Live. Love. Dance!
i know! and il try sir
I wish life was simpler sometimes.
Hahaha, I have perfected this : ) RT Putting polish on skin where a toenail should be. Trust me, it works.
The only thing I use my student ID for anymore is to get half off at Qdoba on Tuesdays.
16 pounds down
yea they are it's gonna be a tough series
AM headlines : Stocks up, Tournament moments away, no straight story on how bad the radiation leak is, Oklahoma could be the top NBA team
#highfashion and im wearing something just like that to the concert!
I wonder if I could save more than 15% on my car insurance if Geico wasn't paying for so many fucking commercials?
C'Ville Plugged In! A website that helps raise money for good things! Join me & the fabulous @ the talkin' table. CBS19
I like the pick.
follow us on : htownsneakersummit
Goodnight KC Soccer Fans
RT : Q1: What does your Chapter do to transition new leadership?
In its brief course lie all the Verities and Realities of your Existence
This asshole just said Boston is better than the Spurs. LMAO!!!!!!!! Fuckin idiot.
RT aye tweeps follow they need some more followers!!!!??? Retweet as well plz and thank you!!! :)
It was taking too long to pick the onions out of my salad, so I just didn't eat dinner.
Library shelf signage looks great! I especially like the images and quotes for Victorian Poetry and Chaucer :-)
I see so many of dem on jerry springer all da time hahahahahaha.
There's some charity event w/ a live band here at the Texas Spirit. Guess you can dance while you wait to get in. Or not.
If your out shopping at The Fashion Mall or Kohls stop in for breakfast or lunch!
#SinceWeBeingHonest: This #trend was clearly started by a black person. A white person would say: #SinceWeAreBeingHonest. Both annoying.
My life isn't perfect, but it has its perfect moments.
People don't notice how much you love and care for them until you stop.
Discussion on Fab Melo ineligibility breaking news. Panel was trying to advance the story and engage the audience.
You know Im sick when I refuse icecream with my bff just to go home and sleep
thanks for the follow! We're big fans of On Course.
Tantalum Chip Capacitors From AVX Now Deliver Higher CV Than X5R Dielectric Ceramic Devices
btw hunger games instead of watching final four?
Are yhu trying to make yhur #mahomies cry???? I'm balling my eyes out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> !! I love yhur new song
want ta go to the game tommorow!
really when I got home I saw your text and didn't even wanna try after that I was so annoyed w/out my car .. O wells
A proposal in the FL House would reduce financing to colleges by $250 mil next year & allow universities to increase tuition by 8-to-15%
"vanessa, you ohkay? need to go to the nurse??" heres me : " #ROFLcatz " #boom <U+E404><U+E412><U+E012><U+E213><U+E24C><U+E232>
and haha I don't Brandon don't make me tweet Matt lol jk
#LAMHarvard SChapman: let's first expose the issue of governance of aggregators... Many aggregators-- but dpla seems quite broad.
Scratching a face-itch with a pen: important to check for proper capping FIRST// GIve yourself a 'stache or just a whisker?
fina go back home , ugh!
Enjoy Vegas?!
I just met you, and this is crazy. But heres my number. Call me maybe?
Finally saw The Descendents. Good, but the Hawaiian land trustee head coming to terms with a cheating wife in a coma flick is done to death.
I need a combination of popular tools - , Mozbar, SEOBook bar and for Chrome, SEO Site Tools extension
is playing in Chattanooga Friday! @ Rhythm & Brews opening for Space Capone!
Had a great lunch with my #NCC colleagues for the last day of my internship. Thanks, everybody, it really has been a great experience.
How so? Centaur is half man/half horse, a pony boy.
you said it! that show is a guilty pleasure; it's ridiculous!
Minutes away from Newt Gingrich taking the stage for Marquette Rally.
I actually won a game of Disney scene it. I've never felt more accomplished in my life.
good how are you?
I say that all the time to my 2nd graders and they look at me like I am crazy! :)
While you were sleeping, Magic Johnson and his buddies made a $2 billion purchase. HINT: It wasn't made on Amazon.
Wow, Greg, look at you staring back at me from this morning's Recognition well deserved!
I like FF Crystal Chronicles. But its only fun multiplayer. Which reminds me... I should have done WW2PVG yesterday.
Da whole park dead
Big ups to for producing the new spring tanks. Rage with him at #CowboysThursday!
"steeler of best friend!"
I think I lost my voice....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
iAsked God To Protect Me From My Enemies & iStarted Losiing Friends .
My man Andy petite back on the mound a beautiful site to see
If we don't step forward...we will always be in the same place. ~Nora Roberts~
it's okay :/ haha
thank you!
First snow of the winter. Tonight! Lucky Bone cd release w/ Asumaya (Madison) and Golden Coins at 9pm. $5 riverwestpublichouse.org
jammin out to drake's...november 18th......smokin a fat blunt.....
don't lose ya balance
I wish that were my name.
hety everyone, howve u all been, sry i havent been on, things have been crazy so i havent had time:/
Forgot just how good the Sex in the City movie really was...lots of laughter & tears - not just from the characters either :)
my sister, has given my babe, man, Hun .. her approval!! *clapping hands* its only been over half a yr but finally!
told about my joyous experience w/ so she can try some & tell recommend it to clients...spreading the faux meat <3
G.M.N.I.: But I digress. My apologies. Live by the S.M.I.L.E., Die by the S.M.I.L.E. Depth before dishonor.
Are you at #SxSW this year? I'm not (wish I was), but just thought you might be going.
;) just saw your tweet.
you get diarrhea. I don't want one.
#drupalcon on mobile and responsive design. Users/content first, focus, design systems, prototype, iterate early & often.
I'm not
#feedthefish awesome job Lisa and lee
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated :)
i thought that tweet was a joke about the car commercial until i saw your next tweet. twitter is great
Pro athletes have it good. Play sports, huge salaries & get laid all the time
#truth Your right. There IS such thing as a Quarterlifer Crisis! Check out the 4 girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com
funny the Germans I meet in Israel (Chaifa/Carmel) are busy doing business with Israelis. Never mentioned anything about ...
When u get dis high cant b afraid of heights
We miss u too!
how are u friend?
I hope nobody catch us, but kinda hope they catch us.
Was happy to conduct music for Sunday service in St. Peter's Abbey, Salzburg, Austria, behind which W.A. #Mozart's sister Nannerl is buried
Game on. You're going down, Caps.
Couldn't agree more!!
We understand :) Let us know what you find out!
if that's the final it's going to be a KU alumni dunk fest.
Shocking only time I have crippling lower backpain? when I am in my private residence #do #you #understand the #implications BelindaJackson
Money talks bullshit run a 1000 miles
Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.
3 more days until the weekend
Hi - thanks for the response - I'll take a look at your site and portfolio :)
i want to love you, feel you, wrap my myself around you
I've been good, just waiting on my new favorite vocalist to get back to the A... How have you been?
I want to win $100 from !
Lexvegas has become Hollywood East!
wide who ?
It feels like hardly anything is working out
Just Lyrics tonight, 7-10. Bands NEURO-SHOCK and WINSTON CUP 1981 tomorrow, doors at 6pm.
AWESOME Day visiting my Mother in Law <U+2665> Getting Garden ready an Planning Flower Garden!
Got 2 of 's books for Christmas! Can't wait to read & be inspired!
my dad was busy and I didn't feel good anyways
Agh. Whatever. I'm going to sleep.
i miss youu too girly ! its been to longg.
omg COD time.
iCloud may become skynet on July 25th, 2014, but at least you won't lose any contacts, photos, or calendar events.
Walking away from you was the biggest mistake I've ever made
thank you! I love educating the real women of the world about ways to look fabulous on the outside and feel gorgeous on the inside
Lovin this weather #cleveland rocks today:)
Come on Yanks!! Geez a little offense please
My 3.5 year old likes OneDirection and The Wanted. Should I be concerned? (It is catchy...)
I mean, the blog's called STFUParents -- not STFUBabies.
Intel to build $5 billion chip factory, hire 4,000 workers in Arizona
Just rescued a baby kitty
Rookies to get shot at dream during Miami Dolphins minicamp
my favorite mispronunciations were "boudreaux" and "boudoir"
Harrytage or S&W.
we're on to you!
thank you!!!
Perhaps life would be easier if I just became a Twins fan.
Caretakers! Take a break, call a friend, meet for coffee or better yet WINE- connect! Thanks Elaine for a fun girl's night!!!
I'm surrender. They're all not my type, you CAN"T put me in the same room with them!!!! YOU CAN"T
Packing up my office in Burleson has turned out to be a sad experience.
Has a pair of Gopher Hockey tickets available for this Sat (10/8) game. DM if interested and we'll pick a winner!
Waiting outside the arena to meet . Wish they'd hurry up! :')
I know you love her more than me, but I can't take all the cuteness!!
Yeah! You guys are awesome. Good luck with the festival.
Playoff time and all our games are at home, till the super bowl of course.
I absolutely love you! you truly are a gay icon and have an amazing fashion sense .....such a sweetheart =) xo
Today has been a long and productive day for our company.Giving away some free give aways at check it out! Email us!
Is it any good? That's one for my Christmas list... it's not Christmas without Terry P...
This is going to end badly
Luke Scott might be one of my favorite Rays players.
Lap Dance, is the shit my nigga, and Cali love stays playn in my shit. Good look on that tiger bitch in the video WHOA! Keep killn em
I can't help but lovingly gaze out my window at the sunshine! There is just something magical about good sunlight! Bring on summer!
My valentine for the world -- more love and compassion and MUCH less intolerance and violence
Can't be a good sign, right? Unless we needed a (bad) kicker.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) -- Singer Whitney Houston to be laid to rest Saturday in NJ church where she sang as a child
lol are you serious? “: Was at bongos for 5 minutes and someone called my father telling him where I was! Like if I'm five
My pleasure.
DJ ENVY ONE™---Will Be On The 1's And 2's @ McDaniel This Friday ----
That awkward moment when you hit on someone that is someone elses daughter or girlfriend. uh oh.
Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games just in time for playoffs!!!
Good Morning Tweoples!!! Be productive today!!
FF #: one of the most amazing, supportive, hardworking do-gooder type people I have ever met.
I sure wish Ali's flight would move faster!!!
I used the Paris metro app for a trip last fall. It would tell me rail delays, awesome app.
I'm going for United. What about you??
DAMN HE GOT CHU
hes so sexy
MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO WHITNEY HOUSTON FAMILY #RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
Tell someone if you're not well.
Currently, pre-ingest storage area looks a lot like whatever we have laying in boxes. In other words it's a to-do proj. You?
Thinking about buying some Solar Stocks..they havebeen hot! ESLR looks good right now!
omg!!! Its raining in Inglewood, ca
It's time to take care of YOU...www.hairinthecity.me...simply one of the best salon experiences in
Desean Jackson or Kevin Walter?
RT "Hamels is not the first elderly man who has hit on me" -Bryce Harper
I started straight through, and then I deviated into the section on pets. Brilliant.
End of school...and I have to do a fashion project, research for photography presentation, AND study for this hopeless anatomy final.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes around San Antonio Texas.
Jim Healy's #vc opening address stresses value proposition for #OrphanDrug development
Excited for you, girl!
I keep having these big paydays..the lord is seriously blessing me
But "Wait!" I hear some of you yell. "I don't use torrents! I want to see the WRP teaser trailer too!"
hahahhaha that's hilarious. We've got a deal then
Feels good to finally not have any homework.
What happen 2 people just trying cigs, pot or alcohol Y R they now trying 2 turn things that aren't drugs into drugs for a 15 sec high
Experts - How To Use Them
Le patron de samsung twitt via Iphone Heuu mdr !
I lovee ur new video!!! It's soo funny!!<U+E409>
Pei Wrinkly with le momma. :)
#super8 was like an amazing remix of E.T. and the Goonies. So much fun!
lol she is an ignorant person she already hit by a bus in the head!!!! Lmao
Latest SMS posted on website. You can or visit website with the link and have QR code. RT Hilarious Jokes to Inspirational quotes
- Finnah eat my hot wings .!
but.. aren't those technically just your work clothes..?
wow! thanks for sharing m coco is so yummi
The winner of the "Corporate" category is Brad Key.
touring Beijing with our Mandarin-speaking son as tour guide.
pretty much failed my spanish final today...
So, states again felt that state law stood over national law?
your not even from miami are you?
OH Hero. Lvl 10 in BLR now and the weapons n stuff are definitely getting better and better
Yeah. Losers. RT : How about those losers that aren't on twitter on Saturday night?
#FF - my incredibly talented friend from college... need a girl with some soul? ask her to sing you something... :)
i love you <3
On second thought trying to stay awake after taking an ambien was not a good idea
Tonight ! Women's History Month Series 7pm in Hoyt Auditorium at University of Rochester "Mother: Caring for 7 Billion"-FREE
Thursday already! The work week is almost over. Need a little energy for the home stretch? How about SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS for 5.99!!!
The editorial title is "The case for open computer programs". Open source not required. Diff is important.
Haha i beat you, admit it. We'll have a flex competition to see who is buffer ;D
National Pandering Week has certainly taken root, hasn't it?
thanks ! great grilled cheese today in the scuplture garden. tasty!
Can we please find a way to get on the ? Let's make it happen
Do what u love and love what u do<U+E057>
Bored got my new iPod.
we're interested in discussing what you had in mind for a class. We're in Phoenix. My email is:
for the meeting. Goodmorning everyone!
if any of you care about you need to fucking pray that he starts breathing again </3
Lmao yes, normally Roland (Rampage PA guy) or Chris Duel do it. Idk where they are. Stephen's already marrying her jk(:
Where have you been I miss your tweets :) <3
New Moonrise Kingdom Clip Arrives Online, Featuring Tilda Swinton, Bruce Willis And Edward Norton This cast is phenomenal.
I can't wait to go in my bed once I get off of work!!!
coldstone is better.
see you tonight. love your design, btw.
YOU.ARE.NOT.FAT. Anyone who says that you are = F'N idiots or jealous. FACT.
TF'!!! are they homeless ppl???
You're just the best!! RT : Every time I listen to i fall in love with their music all over again &lt;3
Will be making the trip up from Chicago!!!! RT : July 6th. Summerfest.
I'm not about to go run out and buy a Haynesworth jersey (ever), but I have faith in #Belichick, Patriots that this is a good move.
that damn unemployment check takes a while to deposit!
The CW cancelled #TheSecretCircle and your girl Sarah's show #Ringer let's try together and get them on another network? Miss ya <3
i'm reluctant to name him for fear of getting too attached. and i'm doing great - heading up to lmont this weekend.
o well I guess my Phone sucks lol no biggy I was just wondering
one because im Loyal two u give great updates on all the games makes me feel like im there and three u appreciate your fans
I wanna make a cover for Don't Fall Asleep At The Helm, but I'm scared I sing horrible and everyone will hate me. ;O
Can you DM ?
lol it started for me that Wed before Thanksgiving
get them NOW. i'm like "Are you fucking kidding me?" and then my day is ruined because I would legit take a bullet (c)
I'm gonna get checked all the time. >.<
C:SOTN is the best game in the franchise by far! Good job.
u here hun?
Uh Oh listening to Shai on tv! The very 1st time I saw your brown eyes, your lips said helloa nd I said hi, I knew right then you were the 1
sadly ... is a nice concept, great stores, that has suffered poor planning
Blank confession by Pete Hautman wins in Young People's Lit.
When you know better, you do better... In this case, I'm doing BIGGER AND BETTER....
Off to the Indians game then maybe some jazz at the Chatterbox and catchin up on some game of thrones later. Quite the Tuesday evening.
Giving these Hondas the business lmao
not anymore: #thevoice #iamchrismann WOW is all I can say WOW !!!! Team Xtina and Team Blake are the teams to beat this season
“: If huggie was the coach? How would have that fight ended” I don't think there would have been a fight if he was the coach
Do you know where the other guys from the team will be at?
Why does buds and blossoms have to be so far
Maybe a pair of balls in his face... will wake Turner up!!!
Being 39 has changed my relationship with makeup and vastly increased the amount of time I spend thinking about my facial hair.
RT: Severely doubting Rush's ability to play clean defense. repeatedly sticking someone in the back isn't defense
"Obstacles are what you see when you lose sight of your goal"
In case you haven't heard MT US Supreme Court blocks ruling that overturned #W.Va. redistricting plan...
Thanks for the RT!
If that is not a game misconduct I hate the
I love you all.
Happy International Women's Day! *flexes muscles* ;*
Just saw an ad for some movie about Chernobyl, thought most teens (movie seems to be geared towards them) don't know what Chernobyl is.
Hi Christina! Hey if your still looking for work u can go minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE! Best to u, Julie
it's for the she-woman man haters club only!
nice game tonight :) you've been doing really well, especially in the past few weeks :D
i miss all my niggaz my ride or dies
I watch the #Rockies take infield during BP.
upward, on ward and far-ward
Thanks! We like purple.
I seriously want the next edition of SPEAK to have your blurb: "Delectably written" - Katie Davis
This week is gonna go by slow
iight na we can fight ! So don't start !
and we love you! <U+E405>
Your video made me smile. :-)
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay seeing my mama smile:)
Not news: is a total class act
Blessings on your Birthday, Queen!
Makin love faces.
Seems pretty awesome to me. Be sure to keep at it and stay regular.
Lucy Liu - Kendell dope ass song !!!
same issue. Going to visit the iDoc soon.
I tried publix peach tea today for the first time, you have forever changed my life. Thank you.
already watched it. I liked it. :)
OMG I LOVE that song!!!
Jeremy is getting Lin-tensive care, I presume?
After this school year I think I deserve the award for waking up late.
abbiethomas said to me in science "YOU ONLY SMILE WHEN YOUR TALKING ABOUT !" i was like is that a bad thing?:L
Big shout out to both these guys for all their help and support with 's first interview!
glad you got hooked up
From bully boys to wimps: the decline of SA&#39;s military
Thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening... Our poor old dog Hannah is very unhappy. The kittehs couldn't care less, true to form.
Yo dear tweeters! we are #FAMILY right? xx
Thanks so much for hanging out !!!
There's more #dalailama coming... The entire #SDSU speech TV on May 5th at 8pm.
Free Teleseminar,Thurs.8/19/10, 8PM,EDT,"Do I Really Need to Lose Weight?"Register for call:www,loseweightladies.com.See you there!
I hope to be surprised today :)
That girl just attacked Ryan Seacrest.
It's a beautiful Sunday! What are your plans?
Just mistook singing Cookie Monster for Tom Waits. That's a compliment for both of them.
The Perfect Place to Celebrate Your Birthday this Friday Nite is @ *The NEW VIBE LOUNGE* 3600 N. Pulaski NO COVER 4 ENTIRE GROUP
Wants to follow her<3
I would wear cologne that smelled like Subway.
great first speaker #acrlny11 - should check out the slides
Cain is trying to stay relevant. Sad.
George Karl needs a stiff drink right about now.
why does your new profile pic make you look like Norm?
Just now getting up.
3 more till 500! help me out??
I just need helly motivation behind me
Such a pretty day to take a nap <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Looking forward to the Jacqueline Kennedy tapes on ABC tomorrow. Should be interesting.
A baby raccoon was just chased out of a tree in my yard by two mockingbirds, doesn't bode well for their nest, but boy the raccoon was cute.
Up early April 9. Tcash bday bash. Dont b tha one dat hv to hear about it. Be the one to tell da story. Aye lets party!
goodlookin on that RT. pretty excited to see what you guys have for this season. hopefully in the near future we can wrk 2gether
Got it, but thank you. :)
Brighter. Stronger. Smarter. The next generation of Artograph, LightPad Series; A920, A930 - Available April 2010!
thanks, feliz cinco! Not sure, I'm at an event for work. You?
Just cause I want it doesn't mean I need it
Yes they were
Is there like a Black Lesbian party going on in SoBe? LOL.
absolutely! What time?
All AA Males & All Caucasian M&F in Atlanta, let me know if you are available this week for work!
freak on the Dr. phil show??? <U+E412>
Call Exotic Collision Center for any auto body reairs , Revere , Ma (339) 224-3771
aww thank you guys so much! :)
why do u and every other theo disciple praise him for winning bosox series YEARS ago and not the disaster he created now?
We are about to do an interview with Dr. Anthony Aveni, one of the two founders of the field of Archeoastronomy. So cool!
just recieved a hilarious wrong number sext-message. sender followed-up with an apology.
given our long standing relationship, I was granting you a grace period.
. and I are over here feeling very sad that Penelope didn't want to marry Kevin. Someone cheer us up?
Crazy last week: Started a graduate course on nonprofit marketing, put an offer on a house, went to Badgers game, attended college reunion.
Ima try my hardest to get to my car as fast as I can so I can avoid traffic!
Thank you very much! I have some new stuff coming out very soon. :)
Oil Paintings - Oil Painting Reproductions - Discount Oil Paintings - paintings for sale
"The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder." Alfred Hitchcock
Johnny is a freaking bitch -_-
Watching before work cause bitch dependency is no laughing matter
Awesome! Thanks for the kind words. We really appreciate the support. Shoot me your email and I'll leak you some new tracks.
RAISE YOUR BREAD IF YOU ARE BURNT IN ALL THE RIGHT WAYS. ALL MY OTHER LOAFS.
Mirna is extremely knowledgeable in Social Media and is teaching some rockin courses
People who have a picture of themselves as their background <
I love the lace design! so cute! =)
You cannot tell right now, but I am giving you a scowly face...
any words of wisdom or a favorite quote from one of my favorite artists?
Awe. :(. Then go kidnap Nanda and move to the U.S that way we'll be close and be able to visit each other! ;D
how do ya like tweetdeck so far? Im testing out seesmic , what made u transition from Twhirl?
Wonder why the last day you skipped at the gym magically turned into a month?
Cajuns surge ahead 8-0 off a seven-run second inning.
Tweet me what you think I should do. 1D fan video or Justin Bieber fan videoo? (:
"Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you"
- He'll be out most of next year too...
hope to hear you on the airwaves again soon.
We're partnering with ! Very excited for the new opportunities this will bring.
lol i want to be able to send you direct messages. but i cant unless u follow me.
I should do typing exercises to prepare for tomorrow. omg. Someone get me Mavis Beacon.
Ewwww. I don't wanna go to school tomorrow -.-
are they making it up on quantity (volume)?
Two 10 Year old girls just did the inbetweeners dance.. What did i just witness omg
I really didn't like the way she jokingly blasted all of my business but at least God knows I was honest
feeling a little sheepish for doubting mettle last night?
Not a fan of Salem being a love interest - kinda creepy!
is working on Producing the trailer for the Feature Film "Flipside," with the goal of shooting the Trailer in October.
If I was a dinosaur I would be a flexasaurus
(waving) God morning!!!!
this looks great! must have been the stellar camera man :) hope to see you soon!
Pretty much any chat app can do that, no?Just bustin ur balls :) in all seriousness maybe I dont understand the q
sick new whip
I just want to say I am so proud of everything has done and the things she is embarking in her deployment <3
if you're familiar with the MVC pattern yes. Otherwise no, you have to learn MVC first.
My brother from another mother You look like Bobby in your avatar photo.
OMG!!! My heart srsly just stopped beating. ICONic Bouz are gonna be on ABDC next week!!
I don't trust my mom driving on the freeway
Only team I will accept losing to is okc. Hard to root against em. Die hard laker tho...2nd2none
I needa win the lottery!
It's a beauty!!
Been thinking about this all day ( : — at Panda Express
hey, def come after your rehearsal! we go from 10-12:30. Arepas after? Say hi to Christian for me.
Got the update re PHX. Sad. Why not meet at a park? We have a few parks here that have plenty of parking and hangout space.
#userfocus Potential bio analogy: Content is the receptor, purchasable product or service is the cell. Receptors enable growth & change...
We loved having with us yesterday morning. Tune in on Friday when he comes back to talk with us again on air!
Hey guys. Don't forget; On the third day He rose again!!!!!!!!!! Have a great weekend.
I miss you! Heard 1000 Ships while shopping and felt so happy!
of course ! And yee its cool !
Today looks as if it will be a beautiful day. :)
Family Guy: road to germany is the best fckn episode ever.
awesome sauce :)
Easy money at work tonight!
The sky is spitting snowflakes in Chicago for those interested in weather schadenfreude.
Windy! 37 mph now picking up later to maybe 60. Good kite weather here in New Mexico.
Visit us today at Denver's Earth Day Expo! Lots of great people and organizations here!
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
Love that. Thank you for writing the article. We need to hear those words.
Haha im pretty good at the game, I think youre losing ;D
God morning <U+E056> spending the day with while is at work!
We're looking forward to our big event tomorrow at Chantilly HS with , #cardinalbank, #fcps , & Superintendent Dale cc
When I'm sad, I sing. But then, I realize that My voice is worse than my problems.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!! [2011] (:
How can East Indian people eat their delish food all the time and not get fat? I would. I love it!
You really need to get your priorities straight.
was #amazing tonight!! The #interventionseries was amazing, and are so inspirational!!
My 1st experience of the Mass pike Friday traffic. Memorable I must say, I left South Boston 2 FUCKIN hour ago. Home now, boots off ,
No problem! Nice to be a part of it. Is 'On Land' an album you're going to keep adding to?
Someone come visit me. I'm bored!
curse you, Linkin Park! i did not want to like "Wretches and Kings" *grumble*
Adrien better not make me miss McDonald's breakfast.
How are your treatments going?
love ya though :)
I'll have you know you're not alone. 3 weeks strong. (not much but it's a start.)
Marshall, both are hard to find.. particularly at a high quality
Use this system to get your business to the front page of Google...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
Thanks for the RT!
Singler with the kiss at 2sec for the win. Assist deep in the woods court for not having a visible line & causing an unthinkable turnover
Detroit to see one direction but if it's in Columbus I'll still help plan something ;) we need more Ohio Beliebers to help though
95 Tues, 78 today. Yes, please. But I'm still going to hang out at the mall. Yes, yes I am. Williams-Sonoma, are you ready for me?
We would really like to thank the musicians we work with. Without their great talents this would not be possible!!!
I gave it to that guy to give to you, you didn't get it? Better talk to him, it's a really awesome present
I need some Coldstone
Which implies that the buyer doesn't have the time or skill to evaluate higher-level value propositions
Hey cuzo! You're what now? Miss you too.
Never needed a tab so bad in my life #amialbino?
Just saw my homegirl, Audra Jones at private screening of Restless City! She's the EP! ATL Let's Go!
haha you know you miss us!! And yes bree Skype date when are you free?
#nowplaying Nothing Last Forever - c':
Make you sure collect your giant hug from me!
It is nice to meet you, too.
I must admit, I watched many hours of 1st anniversary coverage this weekend. Today's the day!
"read Forever War" : ONLY BON SCOTT AC/DC#standards RT :Does real-life war have an AC/DC soundtrack? #callofdutyad”
The Palms just isn't the same without
yeah, though I will admit I've blocked people just to make a point, not because I care if they see what I'm saying or not.
If u fuck me.... guarantee to be in yo town 2 best sex partners u ever had
Shoulder cat wants to know why you're not working harder to create a better perch.
Rapping to ukulele would be a bit bizarre, don'tcha think? ;)
This work consumes my life. Am I a human being, or just arms connected to a spine?
Can't wait to read it. Come to Nashville or anywhere in the south for a signing!!!
I know you are off on Monday, see you at Wolskis for MMS (Moscow mule sundays)
Go Stanford! This is the year they finally win in the #FinalFour and break the 20-year championship drought.
COME SEE MY SHOW TONIGHT! OR TOMORROW NIGHT! OR SUNDAY! www.plays411.com/prisoner
Baltimore what's good? I'm here......
Check out the new track! "Señorita" Ft. Gorilla Zoe!!!!!
you piece of fuck
I feel like im wasting my time.
:) oh I forgot to ask you, what's YOUR favorite tv show?!
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Modi
Rocking out with & at their sound check crazy!
I received a mystery large package that I promised my mom I wouldn't open until she gets here on Friday.
Between the random stray cats and flash mob practices, the TK parking lot can be a lot to handle some days.
Washing your face first thing in the AM is unbelievably refreshing.
s/o she hella pretty and tweet that real shit go follow her
Walking pass someone while they watch tv n they didnt even notice lol
Wanted to share one of our fav #brands: Homeboy Tortilla Strips. We luv em for their great taste and crunch and awesome mission
we left at 6:30 sharp from the front door. We were in the lobby until that point. Why didn't you catch us down Belden?
pre-order for city hall zip hoodie going up tonight!
Planning for Fall: Internet Librarian or AASL Fall Forum?
what kind of phone did you get? I want an iPhone but it's probably not happening anytime soon.
thanks for an amazing event. you and the team did a great job. loved the dirt section!
It's not hard to be influential about bacon. Really, all you have to say is "bacon" and people pay attention.
Foil Tote Bag Stamping at NYC Printing 123. Make A statement! Don't forget to ask about their Rush Tote Bag Printing. Call 646.833.8085...
Bubba Watson is the ultimate hacker. Crushes one in the woods says, "killed it though" Can't tell you the number of times ive done the same
Got my bottle of lube and checked my dignity at the door...bio 285, lets get this over with.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me 4
Get your custom; album art, posters original art pieces, emblems or logos by TonyTAT,
Actual charge per MPD was "trespassing." Who would want to charge him with that? I'd think porch owner'd be happy.
#uCantBeToughAndSay You rescue animals.
RHCP encore... Band comes out in black hoodies to honor Trayvon = pretty awesome!
Are you serious they let that CHILD MURDERING BITCH FREE ... WHAT IS THIS WORLD COMING TO .... America please watch your children ...
sounds awfully painful!
Refusing to get the mail out of the mailbox. Their is a huge wolf spider in there! Creepy!!!
Green Shield Carpet Cleaning - Seattle, WA. 100% Green Seal Certified! 206-414-1039 Don't Just Clean, GREEN CLEAN!
u gotta start somewhere y not me
Come to my Show tonight! At Musicians Institute in Hollywood, 7 pm :)
Hope U know that your new gf is changing you...now you are really someone I USED to know
RT ": Miss Universe <3 I would've been on your side and would've gutted Lisa & Clay both. #VerbalBeatDowns #MySpeciality"
": "We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are." - Max Dupree"
not a rumor. left for work this morning and my roommate was still fast asleep.
Welp, interesting weekend to say the least
Need to build a zine rack. Zines, everywhere!
If Dr. Murray gets away scot-free, that will be one smooth criminal.
Made an indoor basketball court**
"It's a good job, but it's a hard job" my new friend, Umbert, from #HaitianRedCross. Seriously, don't know how they do it.
aw have guys please follow me your guys are the most amazing people ever :)
Got a boot cast today for fractured foot I've had for a month. Adapt and overcome. C u in the water at 0500.
Nothing like revisiting an old monologue and at first read, picking up beats I missed when breaking it down in depth 3 yrs ago.
I guess it might be time to take Garcon off my bench... crap.
RT : HISTORY WAS MADE LAST NIGHT ! Q45 is the first DJ to Play for both #1 stations!
gosh i hate people.
dear am I going to cry when I see the hungergames movie?
Wtf its raining.
McDonalds is buying beef from South America that isn't regulated like US beef.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - How to Google Sniper
haha i will;) rah good luck:)
A Privilege Denying White Dude just suggested there is no white privilege w/r/t mobility and cited Toni Morrison's existence as evidence.
Good evening #packernation!
noone! I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it! ;)
if i'm living her situation, i'm probably just gonna BE QUIET!!
Ahahahahaha The videos that we watch xX
showing love from the kueen of krunk of chop shop radio in san antonio texas
Why Can't We Juss' Talk.. u.u
thanks Mike :) how's Asheville these days?
We find only the best of the best, I'm not sure how we do it
That's my jam!
wow i have not been on here in so long.. hello followers =^.^=
Not cool man! Pickle broke it! We can't hear you. Dx
killed the last night.....Still ROTFLMAO
We posted lots of new stuff on Hottest Gay Places of Florida Visit www.hottestgayplaces.com to see
All I wanted was to see him tonight, can't believe we live in the same fucking city and haven't hugged him in years.
Also, what Randy Holden blatantly fails to appreciate is that it's the meek who are the problem.
Zumba was fun... Now time for my workout!
The Home Depot to Host First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call on May 15, 2012
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality completely ruins everything.
haha aw you're welcome :]] and thanks!!!
So does this mean that Capt. James's Boat will indeed NOT sink?
:) awesome! I'll check now.
If it wasn't work they'd call it skippity-doo.
Nope! Alex, Tyler, and Luis just left my house. So feel free to tell me what's up!
I don't care about your smirk, Fitzie...
The only way to lose is to quit. #letsrun ": “I will not lose, for even in defeat, there’s a valuable lesson learned.
what a good halloween thing to do in boston with kids
I want to be Carrie Underwood.
LeBron James: The best 1st - 2nd -3rd quarter player in the league.
Trying to get through this week
New twitter iPhone app update is a huge improvement.
#Oomf don't fuck wit me cuz my dude put her on #blast lmao. <<<<<
do u eva come out here
Today we are officially 30 weeks!!! #ticktock 10 more to go!!!
Lmfao Alyssia Get Off My Twitter!!!
After a full days work, living room and hall are now "raffia ribbon". Now for my reward! I'm goin out with my boots on!
Lmfao, hugging all night, we aint celibate.
I feel so lonely.. like nobody really cares....
Flipped lecture can be played anywhere and anytime. Slowed down, repeated, etc. Doesn't have to be only used at home.
BIRD ATTACK!!! 45 minutes in we've established that they are dating and can move on to beginning the plot!
TONIGHT Girl Talk But Make No Sense, Glass Muffler, The Price of Fucking Limes $7 Doors 8pm
think I'm having hot flashes...
Y doesnt Hooka ever set off fire alarms, but making an egg does?
Ingesting chocolate & protein in the form of dark chocolate-covered hazelnuts from in Oregon. Waking up now!
RT : I hate the unit circle.
I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy.
i agree. it would be great to have twitter get togethers in different places!
Reading #Walden on my #Kindle, irony or simplifying?
odd, I went for a run and to the golf course since you've been there.
. Oh no! Thanks for clearing that up, its not true at all!
On the road to kick some ass
what will you be doing at 50?
What'd you think of Planet B-Boy?
di salla's pizza in homestead is the same as the southside shop was. so damn good.
stop. #COFFEE time!
ou're not the boss of me now You're not the boss of me now You're not the boss of me now, and you're not so big - Life is Unfair
Join us for yoga classes tomorrow @ 1 & 2:30pm. Monthly group class membership is $49 a month!!! Take all the classes you want just $49!
Hey Dear, I have to quickly sweat it out at my complex then run to meeting but def putting in time at the LA tomorrow;)
game at 7 . lets goo!
I'll be there! #soexcited RT So,who's coming to the Spring Style Party at our Chicago store tonight? We can't wait!
Red Red Wine - UB40
I just want a second chance with u.
RT : Common. Mundane. Mediocre. Live your life so that these words can NEVER be used to describe you or your journey.
yeah! I should
RT : Congrats to all the teams for Showcase Day... next up, happy hour with the teams/mentors/investors!
“: I'm doing it again. I'll get stop taggin up your timeline. Love yall.” Fuck that, speak the word Ali.
And a good time was had by all! THANK YOU to all who came out for the premiere of Karaoke/Spoken Word Mash-Up. Next wk will be even better!
Pretty sure I got the job :)
“: Nice win by the Eagle hoops team tonight! congrats #edsup” thx Joe!
I'm willingly subjecting myself to Lars Von Trier's new film on a Friday night. Not sure if the mental evaluation comes pre or post film.
Every day, by 5 pm, my phone and Kindle Fire are drained of battery life.
You guys made her year (:
Did you know.... that there are 64.3 million father's in America?! I say "Happy Dad's Day" to you all!
History lovers, computer lovers, come to Hagerty Library tonight for the opening of "Access Everywhere: Computing at Drexel, 1984-present."
The front desk manager, Elly took care us, but I can still email details if you want.
Today's focus: Carpe Diem. How will you seize the day?
RT 'Neck Break Kill' scenes needed! (aka neck snap trope) Tell me in which movie or tv hero kills by twisting neck RTplease
I know is big enough but you should take me as your Au Pair :D You will have more time for you <3
they'll win at least a game, maybe 2 because the zombie sonics midrange jumpers will go cold
I got a lot of contacts that don't get used
I know you don't like it when I say "last" to every last thing we do but suck it up Jose. It's our Last Comm Banquet. Drinks!
Thanks for following! Am happy to
how have ya been?
MT : So... like a Gingrich marriage? RT Gingrich: Gay marriage is a "temporary aberration that will dissipate"
For a second I thought you were quoting SEAN Avery.
I now understand why the Brits love their drink. I'd want to forget I lived here.
I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
Just met with our first artists-Emily Janowiak and Jeff Litsey-to discuss their show, opening Friday, Oct. 7th: Reflections on Guatemala.
thanks for the follow Dan. I hope you find my content valuable. looking forward to hearing more from powertri Doc-T
Just found out today that a #Jealouswoman does better research than and more suicidal than the
Lasagna...jersey shore and a quiet house ;)
happy president's day everyone!
At this hour, I think it's a wash between the Metro and the bus to go from Silver Spring to Wheaton. Therefore, bring on the Breda!
#Nurses, need to ask a favor. Would LUV to reach goal of 4,000 Twitter followers. Only 20 left to go! Plz tell #RN friends to follow. Thanks
That's your fever talking :+D RT : Last call, I know someone has Bon jovi tickets they want to give me.
Watch out other vintage stores in Chicago, went to this one today... is super rad. Awesome vibe! 2 hip owners, 1 white gato..
I shaved clean Friday
Wherever it may take me...
can't wait untill bball season starts I know that you will have a great team welcome home
hahaha. Reggie's always there to be my hype man
It does have an app. I use it all the time.
Checked out your recommendation! Thanks- always love good inspiration.
yeah that's why I stayed home today I did f'n link Crew crap for 8 hours!!!!
Britian discussed plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves five months before invasion #oil #iraq #colonialism #UK #US tinyurl.com/3j7odc4
#Taurus your honesty is mistaken for rudeness. -- <U+2649>AllAboutTaurus<U+2649> ()
maybe if it was bill gates.....that might've worked
Yes! Gogo Kingos! Beat those damn desert rat dogs!:-) :-)
Written exam in German .. DONE!!!
Just got done with Walk For Hunger Cleveland! Yeah!
Louis Brandeis, Supreme Court Justice from 1916 to 1939
Going to bed. Pool, Movies, and Shopping tomorrow. Then, Gio's party on saturday!
yeah figured $$ would factor in, I don't know of free archiving anymore.
good night
Happy #FoundersDay ! Wishing I was with my sisters to celebrate the occasion.
No you're not! He's a kitten <3
Now looking for artists to perform at Summer Jam on 6/21. You got what it takes to rock the biggest venue in Pittsburgh? Hit me up!
#Mo...we LOVE you!!! But PLEASE go see the docs in NYC!!!
This is Not a Film, review: Jafar Panahi's invigorating directness in his new film cuts to the chase, writes Tim..
Something just feels wrong about being covered in a sheen of sweat while having "Every Breath You Take" by The Police trapped in my head.
Three England firsts for me tonight: wellies, festival and the Stereophonics.
bed before midnight the second day in a row? what is this madness?
hahha no but i said some crazy shit in that class im wouldnt doubt anything! spanish was my shittttt!
Sedaris was fantastic, started w one about leeches from new book. But doesn't compare to taking him to dinner in '02 - insane.
Our lotions and body washes make great Easter Basket gifts! Stop in today.
I'm a Twitter dummy. if you'd like to proofread for $$$ let me know. I have gigs sometimes.
The sound of thunder and the smell of the rain relax me so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"RT I just want to work with Tyler Ward."
Remember the good ol' days when car alarms were just horses kicking you in the face?
Forever alone. Together.
Hangin out with my best friend
No, but apparently I should... hm morning activity?
It ain't over yet people. A charge is not a conviction.
dont forget. pinky out.
justin is one hott boy
I've just seen pictures. Not sure anyone was allowed to record. Could be wrong.
Aw, Nick Nolte looked a little offended :-(
I hate when dudes make it seem like ALL women are "hoes" Thats just being simple minded, Maybe its SOME but not ALL.
looking forward to it.
Im At Nanny House And Cause Im Bored
I slept really well on SuperMoon
Scat: Improvise lyrics as nonsense syllables. Originated on the "Hot Five" song "Heebie Jeebies" when Louis Armstrong dropped his lyrics.
We just launched our new website www.joborworker.com
Chris Mann. <U+2665>
Hello Uzair. Thank you for the follow. We look forward to sharing information on making properties greener and safer.
Dare to be remarkable. -Jane Gentry
Still up went to sleep for an hour ugh can't stop thinking about my baby #sprung :))
#HappyMothersDay to my mother and mothers everywhere! We love you!!! Thank you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
What does that involve? A do-over if you miss one?
Dear monday pls tell tuesday 2 tell wednesday that thursday wants 2 meet friday on Saturday by sunday
why is Fishtown smelling like a bay at low tide?
I love my little MacBook Air.
I live each day as it's my last... screaming and covered in blood.
I've experienced too many emotions today
I've almost made my limit shorting
I made it up. It is my dream! I don't listen to the radio, ever, or watch reality tv. So: no taylor...but come on, her and Kanye!
Beat my highest cals burned (on the treadmill) by 37 cals! Boo-yeah...KEEP PUSHING!!!!!!!
Also, #oddneighbor's friend has a 4mo old puppy w/ her who looks just like Perhaps I can steal that dog
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money?! This number is no longer in service...
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
If you have a kik kik me. Please. I'm so bored. And lonely. Haha I'm so pathetic.
- "I have all the motivation I need" - Too funny. I stayed away from downtown today to avoid the mayhem.
he wait 20 hours to text you back
Thanks Tomy RT : A shout out to my friend - hang in there!
Avengers was the best movie freaking loved it n cnt wait for da nxt one woot woot love marvel n will always love it
good afternoon damn baby u even look good when u just wake up M
thanks girl! See you tonight?
Thank you for the follow. :)
Dat Awkward Moment When U Meet Somebody Off FB 4 The 1st Time & Dey Look Nut'n Like There Pics....... #WTF "YOU UGLY PHOTOSHOP'N B*TCH"
I love all of your adorable and great Instagram pics!
Writing my first long-format magazine piece in a while. Looking forward to using new Droid recording app today for background interview
Stop by Zone for the next 10-Minute talk on
I'm starving an all I have is gelato in my fridge.
Debating whether to brave this rain for Quality Meats or go home.
Worst playing calling I've seen in years.
OK, we will be doing 50% Rest dinner on Mon and Tues for one more week - so book now. 434 971 1800 Its on 2/20 & 21
Do you have issues with it displaying the wrong profile pics next to the wrong people? It's so confusing!
Banaji thinks our open society for immigration is what will keep US ahead! India And China don't do this. How we teach about us-them is key.
Big mistake by Brodeur. Looks like the Devils are heading back to Jersey with the series on the line.
Trying to get all my work done so I can spend the day with Oscar!
What set 5Linx apart, I don't have to sell you something you are NOT already using...Internet, TV, Phone, it is just to easy
We are enjoying the offseason.
*scoffs* I need to,see that...
is on every track now lol
Just wait till tomorrow gorgeous.
Just slapped 's as. livin' large.
Alright Rampage...lets go baby!!! GET IT!!!!!
“Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.”—Marilyn Vos Savant
I may get to go to Rice again this summer! :D
Hang with the climbers
RT : Let the #hackathon commence. Nice food for a start. #bigdataweek #dsgh Data Science Hackathon is live now
Had a chance to stop by and check out the NHRA State Champions Quick Series on the way back from Ann Arbor. Awesome time!
I'd love to hear more! We're trying to get our reading apps in more classrooms. How do BYOD programs acquire apps?
Break It down Yo! >:D
“Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Sliver Or Gold.” <U+2015> Bob Marley
Had a great show on Sat at Bway Comedy Club and ANOTHER great show Sun morning at Mikvah Yisroel in Springfield NJ!
Cooks wanted to play ska music.... in Spanish, didn't know it existed, and no it doesn't sound any better
Thanks! Me too ;)
lol it wasn't about you sweetie :3 Hehe. I was talking to.this girl who is all, my gf treats me like shit but I can't leave her
I'm glad you joined Twitter to tell me that.
at least my sis surgery went well!
That amazing moment when you're sleeping with your true love. #MYiPhone :D
Goodbye Camp Quantico! Hello Annapolis Naval Academy! Headed to DC
FINALLY setup with Git and giving Tower a try. Requirements for paid projects make the best incentives ;)
Wonderful complement du jour: "Good God you're an excellent wordsmith… right out of a PR textbook."
Thanks so much!!
You don't know him to be able to gauge his emotions. All that matters is he leaves it out on the court.
Charity concert tomorrow night in #dallas brought to you by
lol I am the smartest kid in class
"Understand your social graphics. Understand your audience" Jacqui Chew #digidoy DMIS
"Rite?" Hate to be one of *those* English profs, but can't help it. In paper grading zone.
These I do. But I hear them all the time!
HIV positive
glad i couldnt help make your day a little less bored then!
Take Me To Shogun Mix Master!
Jessica Simpson takes heat for pregnancy weight gain
That works for me! Thinking Farmers Market...to start.
Before Christmas Break.
Loving, Fighting, Cuddling, Screaming, Whispers at night, Running Away, Hugging Tight, My Bestfriend, My Love.. My Everything
thanks for the follow.
Anyone want to do something next Thursday?
im that friend.
ok thx. How'd u do
lmfaooo! I can so hear u saying tht ^.^ when I first wlked in the store I was like holy fuckxx ballz !
I'll be sure to pass the link your way.
"Just put 1 foot in front of the other, and soon you'll be walking out the door!" Corny movie but that's my outlook on life. 1 step @ a time
LOL ": & for all the haters I just woke up! I'm on my schedule not yours..."
RT : Has anyone ever done a poster sale on your campus? Who did you use?
lol, so true!
Haha! I know that feeling...by the way I love your twitpic. It feels so summeryy. Haha!
At least some Dems might win.
My only wish is that i die real.
Thank you for participating in our Twitter chat last week! Please DM us your address. We would like to send you a prize! :-)
#Amtrak security dogs are raised for one year in prison by inmates.
I love background photo. Every time I see it, it makes my day. LMBO
Tell my mother, tell my father I've done the best I canTo make them realize this is my life.
i'm liking this tool, for sure...
wow! Only thing I did on that field was smoke weed....lol & cut school
do u like 1 direction
RT They got us watching "Reality Shows" to distract us from the reality.. (REAL TALK!!)
Lakers look overmatched tonight. Welp, I guess it's time to hit the sack. Nothing to see here.
I love WRTI
However, I remember very fondly that Arnold's love interest was named "RUTH" and not "Lila".
My lil boo said she like random i love you text..when we get there...i fuckn died lol
Agreed. I need y'all back in my life!
I need to find someone to go on a Megabus trip up to NYC to go to a Yankees day game sometime this summer.
Follow back please?
want a new car... JD Byrider your only option.. FIX YA CREDIT with our affordable credit repair services
Quit that Tebow talk or will come looking for you!
what are the gun laws in Philly? Is it still illeagal to shoot yourself in sweatpants?
Nice day for a web site launch?!?
i totally did that when I was little ha :)
He still be givin me butterflies <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
I love processed foods.
aren't the "aha! moments" fun? ;-)
New tour dates posted w/ and In Dying Arms. Check our Facebook for the dates. More are coming very soon!!
Just keep it tucked in to your belt loop. RT : Picking up an awesome cangrip for my beer at at #sdmag woot!
I've been waiting for your call r u still out of mass?
Um, I used to go there...
A happy smiley face is all some people need.
RT : I love my team, man. last night was one for the books.
Packing up for tonight's show. Look out Treasure Island.
Great night at Converge21! S.Rodriquez, , , and were used of God. #e21 USA.
is your menu online?
Happy Mother's Day to all of those wonderful Mom's out there- for both children and fur kids!!
haha that too.
Dear mosquitoes, can u just go die or something?
sorry but im not a good singer and i didnt want to embarras myself
:) you sir, have good music taste.
Take Action!! ;)
Yeah! THATCamp HBCU has a university account! now we just need $$$! :)
Good morning brotha!
#ff Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets!
Currently considering some impressive new manuscripts.
Racism and homophobia are disgusting & Fence sitters are cowards
“: Dear School, Why aren't more like hogwarts?”
awh, thank u :)
you need to stop!!!
nahh just chilling and packing getting ready to move and shit
chicken burrito bowl with guac or what?
waiting for my slurpee
thanks for RT!
You don't know #schlitz until #schlitz knows you.
Man, Hong Kong is EXPENSIVE!
YAY!! which theater?
"A man should never be measured by his ability to speak, but rather by the message he speaks." ~ Elisha Hale
Thank you, for retweeting our post and helping our friends at Blue Water Baltimore!
#3WordForYou : Shut up bitch
You are now being followed :-)
If you had an unlimited amount of free time this week, what would you be doing?
Did you hook me up or forget like always
Going to c avengers @ 4:25
The kids we neglect to teach #FinancialLiteracy to now will one day be running this country and the world!
#ImHappyWhen the person I like texts me first... and #IADMIT that I stop what I'm doing to read it
prayer after the game. Unless Jesus said otherwise lol. You can hear from God about teamwork,attitude, determination watching
A colleague at #oxy said that Red Hot Chilli Peppers opened for his band in the early 80s
somewat my dude
Enjoyed an afternoon hike, followed by ice cream then window shopping & now xbox kinect. Tonight movies & board games! Love my boys.
Tell the hello and why didn't he stop by to see me? I am crushed.
.Aye, i had Munchies . get off my case .
Four units at Union Hills Square -- ~50k SF #retail #strip @ Loop 101 & Union Hills -- Sold for $3.9m or $73.55/SF by Wells Fargo
you cussed on here. you know what that means
I have WAY too many emails..maybe if I ignore them they will go away?
POPEYES IS OPEN?!?
Big Sean said it best "what's the perfect girl if it's not the perfect time"
Wow, true Retina display; 4GLTE, A5 Quad Core, 1080p video.
Haven't heard of that. My wife grew up RC, and her middle name is *not* Guglielmo.
RT : Eat avocados! They contain potassium, monosaturated fats and are very high in fiber.
a goal now for us will kill City! bc ! attack!!!
YES! Look for the bowtie ": i've made it somewhat of a personal goal to find sunday before the Vikings game"
The more I check-in at Carl's Jr. / Green Burrito® with the Happy Star Rewards™ mobile app, the more premium rewards I can win. Pretty nice.
This movie good as fuck. Called "Cleaner"
Great fireworks show! creamed the Sound! Way 2 go boys!!
- BIB is good for everyday wine. Tetra has to be heat sealed, so the integrity of the wine is compromised. Pouch is ideal!
2001-2007 chrysler pt cruiser is most often in the shop for wheel problems, electrical problems and engine problems
Delayed flight or expanded reading time?
"grapey" is a wine word if you believe it is! :)
#FF for all of your entertainment needs!
Finger surgery tomorrow. Can't have food or drink after midnight or I'll turn into a Gremlin. These two things may or may not be related
If you need something in the short term for your customers feel free to compare our white label DNS (WHMCS plugin in the works).
Alex when will you follow me?:/
What a beautiful day on SE Division Street! Come in tonight for some fried chicken with a semolina waffle and clover honey
i wanna see her lol I love babies
i won't be sorry! ill be at the state championship games doing PA
And we r 4th for bad style & 2nd for worst hygiene... DC has it all!! RT: , thoughts: DC 1 of USA's vainest cities
Politics misses you.
no problemo!!! you still performing in the minneap/st paul area?
"I'm afraid I'm lost" said happily would be interpreted as a fearful phrase, not an unusual declaration of excitement.
Showing up late on the first day of class #BadLuck Be on Time Everyday
I really like Chasing the Sun. rip
“: WHAT UP WIT MY NIGGA ?”What's Up Bro???
I need to catch up when I get home....not good?
Just booked , author of The Skeleton Box () for Authors @ The Teague, June 14, 2 p.m.
hey who would i have to get in contact with to do a photoshoot with you we have some mutual friends as well
your biggest fan loves the whole thing tell her you love her
Cuz She Ratchet
Don't forget to call of you want a reservation to the Offal Beer Dinner on Monday! Time is running out!
I still think Celtics will be in round 2.. well, until Thursday
Early verdict on Miles Morales: race outrage is idiotic. It's the age issue that's worth freaking out about. He's, like,12!
Are you better off now than you were 4 years ago? The topic's been on my mind with politics and all.
you don't like fruit?
If I didn't love you, I would have something very snippy to say to you right now #jealous See you this evening!
Attending or working at the #NRAShow? Take $10 off a Segway tour of Chicago with show pass. Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
It's feels like weekend :/
now, daughter, have no fear.I will do in your behalf whatever you ask, for all the c-elders of my town-c know what a fine woman #Torah 65/99
Hate being 2 hrs behind!RT:Alright party people-Who do YOU think wins at-home prize?#BiggestLoser#BL13finale #bl13,bl13finale
Band camp, then German camp (u missed out there, Anne!), then U of M PsTL classes..what next?! Can it get better?
u can only choose one...
Do you know how many ounces of water you've had by now? Are you keeping track? Oh by the way, go ahead and drink some more...
I'm goin' all out at #KimColes B-day night. I'm livin' n the fast lane by ordering a 7-up... with ice BABY!
"yolo" is for memorable and once in a lifetime things not weird things that you do everyday
Should I bench Michael Turner to insert both Roy Helu and Beanie Wells into my lineup???
super excited for the #MeekMill after party on the 22nd !!
Pretty Pretty Please with cherries on top
What if a guy got the OLLG ticket?, awkward turtle.
Lookin forward to a great #NFC championship game #49ers hopefully against the
Your Welcome <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><U+266B>
Frustrating, isn't it?
I am down at the Kentucky Derby this weekend. Shoot me questions if you want the inside scoop
we're having a small issue with the schedule. We're working on it :)
I'm single
Well Vegas It's been fun! Now it's time to catch a flight. I AM LifeVantage! :-)
An amazing Christmas was just topped off with a Laker loss!
BOYS:NEVER EVER HIT HER
haha! I know! I'm gonna get back into a bit when I have free time I think. :)
Up early walking the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Naked Harry... ^_^
Been going strong since 5am, now it's time for a power nap & breakfast then jumping right back into this write-athon.
Idk what it is about Glee lately, but it's got me all emotional...lol smh
Went to Cannon Beach--Uncle lived in Eugene-we lived in Idaho.spent lots of time watchng whales.My mama was into
take my Burgerville virginity tonight? I'm feelin' ample amounts of fries I think.
I was your friend when no one liked you
We love it! RT : I could get used to this. Watching the Lakers lose to Denver from my #Ritz comfy bed.
Nice pass iggy.
Benefits of Mobile Notary
Just made some chocolate cake with German recipe, non-functioning metric scale and whole lot of gut feeling... Let's see how it turns out!
today was good, honestly. ^___^
Thanks, hun. Let's get another win tonight!
just been looking at our pics from last spring in Highgate... I miss you!x
Love you!
Kg said ugh!
Holy smokes - I'm sweating. It is so hot in this office! (cc: )
totally missed it the first time lol. Clever.
I wanna thank u for the song #MyBrother. I lost my big bro 2/25/12 & that's the first song I play every day.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Miami!
VAMPERIFICA has signed one of the Best in the Biz's Ronna Wallace (Reservoir Dogs, Gun Hill Road/Sundance) as its' Agent 4 domestic sales
I love Mr. Cranky! Happy to keep him alive at :)
": "Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, but about leaning to dance in the rain..." Unknown author"
Audrey, How is your day going?
Why did I buy a house again?
it's not the cholesterol that concerns me. Maybe you should start guard duty with fruit
She likes roller coasters. We.
Portland, I may hate your team, but I love your city...
Come to #PDX and I'll take you fine ladies to the VolksWaffle: A Volkswagen van w/ gourmet waffles + toppings
And once again you have succeeded at pissing me off... congratulations.
Only those who truly believe in you can come close to the passion you truly feel about yourself as an Artist!!!PEACE
i love you(:
how have you been?
Well says if you don't care about the answer, don't ask. Related to a person's actual life = good.
"There is so much money in your data"
Shannon Sharpe got dressed in the dark today.
I LOVE THE INVERTER SLINGSHOT AND CHAOS I ONCE LOST MY GLASSES ON THE ROLLERCOASTER THEY FELL IN THE WATER RIDE LOL
Hope you're feeling better??
Singing with your headphones in & not realizing how loud you are
don't f#$% with K.Jesus Man! He's got a whole bunch of shit going on! .. like all that Korean shit!
My mom said I heard Drakes Breath Stink Gz , lmao .
Hockey players join today and show your skills off for MU in PA there is a coach looking for talented players post your profile and highligh
“When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which...
stopping at Tulsa...on our way to Kansas!
My day was good(: How was yours?
Text Me : p
Its not me its you
So frustrating when you finally have some quantitative data, yet not the quantitative data that you need to make a decision. Moar data!
this made my night! Thankyou so so much <3
Giving away a pair of Features big room passes very soon. Tune in now for a chance to get up close and personal on 5/7!
me too. Let's meet sometime soon!
No I ain't broken, but I, I need a fix, that satisfaction when I, get my kiss, I'm up all night, I'm not in sight, don't turn on the light,
"Michael Jackson Changed Our Lives" really? did he? really? sad! why is this trending?
just had a jacks pizza, really took me back to our childhood, actually a year ago
The season finaly was AWESOME & I'm so excited for Season 2, I just wish that I didn't have to wait almost a year :)
you win big at D&B?
Happy Friday tweeps!!! What does your weekend look like? Anyone going to a concert, skiing, or someting you would like to share?
We're with ya on that one! :) RT Idc the BEST tampico juice ever , is the #MangoPunch <3
What a great day with my baby mama love her with my heart nice wanna go night night
Today's MOCA Specials: Soup of the day is corn chowder. Sugar free lemonade is cucumber mint.
Good morning NYC!! The Wailing Casting this coming Friday.
ripple for iPad coming soon! Plus a whole new look for ripple.
I miss the old me. The me that you were a part of.
You will have to check with the owner on Craigslist
glad you enjoyed them. Thank you!
I Hate argueing with People.
I mean you can come write this speech in Spanish for me if you please...
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday weekend! It's a beautiful day out on Alamitos Bay! Come enjoy a ride!
If I just stumbled upon the person I think I found on the Internet...time has not been very nice to that person.
S/O to the bro ... Happy 21st bday breh love you uce !!
I wish we could..
im already knowing! keep up the good work pimp, "fellow PAKALITE!!!!" and whatever i can do to help you "get where you're going"
Bored? Put some music on and dance!
sleep alabama
Catering a Party? Save 25% by mentioning this tweet @ www.patrickscatering.com
i am excited,going for soundcheck now w my boys before the big perfomance in a couple of minutes.yipeeeee.Crazy4God.
This is good. We need the Lakers to lose this and the next game. Depending on the matchup, we'll need Artest (Peace) back in the lineup.
go for it! Yiu will make a lot of $.
Everytime I laugh I start having a coughing fit.
Missed talking to you gurl how've you been ? :)
#oomf needs some penis. I think they'd be much happier with life.
And when will you be posting a link? Looking forward to it. RT : When should the magazine be out?
'He's 18' ?? Oh please. Be more creative, come on you're BELIEBERS!
Listening to min wage debate, opponents keep comparing unemployment since previous hike to current rate. Non sequitur argument.
- wow! what happened?
I like the Tuesday happy hour. Cheap wings
Tonight should be all about Dick Clark, Billions respected him, we hope everyone knows just how very special he was in life.
video shoot right fast wit
Kid feel bad, but i'm white. So.
See you soon!
I will be back in a little bit. #WhatIReallyMeantWas ......I am going to the golf course and don't call me. It will be 5 hours.
we design them and had print them.
lol! I know right! It seems that way haha! X) "not without my puppy makeup!" Lol
'Im glad I spent a bit more on these flats, so much comfy than cheap ones I usually buy. (not a #firstworldproblem - a #firstworldsolution )
to Bianca's pool party. I invited y'all last week!
Rubio is amazing
if you want to share it with me use the school cl account .edu. Or stop in today during qrt.
yep//:“: Bottom line: #okstate had greatest, most exciting season in school history and .009 BCS pts doesn't change that.”
read Dracula, now you should too!
And she's a Snowboarder!! I'm running out of Points to add to The Nina Scale!
Google Bets $20000 You Can't Hack Chrome
I Need A Real Girlfriend One To Tell My Life Too Someone Who Gne Understand
What's your thoughts regarding the Martin case not going to the Grand Jury?
You are so welcome! Happy to hear you had an awesome time. We will pass along to the Helix team. Hope to see you soon again!
Good luck! Have you thought about playing #volleyball in college? RT:: Great volleyball practice. Hope I made varsity.
“Have patience with all things, but chiefly have patience with yourself.”
U like #bloodforpoppies ? I love! ...kinda similar
Fuck the Rangers
Ah technology. Thanks to Remote Desktop my work today is spectacularly sedentary.
Just got home from the mall. Hahaha a stupid Chinese guy was staring at mIne and Korbyn's butt. Text us.
#Shoutout to <U+25C4><U+25C4><U+25C4> GO #FOLLOW HER!! shes a great role model :) RTRT
tangential note: I had a Twitter exchange with the furry organization earlier today. Weird!
Im a dork, i embarress my friends, im funn and crazy and i just dgaf but thats why they love me(: <U+2665>
Just received word our life-size Pat Gillick cutout has resigned from his role as interim GM. We wish it the best in its future endeavors.
A pink sunrise this morning. Magnificent.
Fuckkk this Research Paper
We miss em! RT:How McCoy wasn't taken as top-5 NFL pick, I'll never know? The kid's a flat winner-looking gr8 against my NYJets
“: Amazing feeling ": when the person you miss randomly texts you. >"”
"turn around bright eyes" #thatisall (lovely to see you on here, friend)
Thats why we are here! To help you in this new endeavor. Sign up at www.buybobnow.com. It will be useful to you very soon!
K Falkenberg of the LA Times wins the Prize for Photojournalism for photo essay on lasting toll of recession.
If you like college sports, follow He lives in TN and always has something good to say.
I want to start mixing on tables and I just wanted some advice or something on what to start out on
Check out www.saynplay.com for great speech therapy game
Off to Zepyhrhills to do some stilt walking and juggling!
sweet, get those nucleus accumbens!
I saw u across the room but was bashful:) I might see about sending my FABlab teacher there instead of staying with us-
Thank you! 06!
you still up?
Hey! There you are winter. Fashionably late.
Man, is the TRUTH! He is killing it. #Heat fans, don't buy those finals tickets yet. #Celtics might just sing the East
Omg. Newsies on Broadway. Heidi, age 7, would be psyched.
Why is the one section of this document I can't make out the only section that doesn't show up in the cross-checkable version?
What's the best way to deal with work related #stress? #NeedIdeas, Thanks!
We're celebrating one year of fighting childhood obesity in GA. The Gymanimals Black Tie anniversary bash!
"free market" only contribute to eliminate poverty as an #unintendedconsequence PROFIT/GREED is its value, not a value to build a nation
Looking forward to recording tomorrow. Gonna put em all down and have the fans pick what goes on the EP this summer.
#RejectedPickupLines is that your finger or mine?
Imma try this shit and see how it goes....
Have a #foxy trip back home Alicia! :)
Good Morning Twitter (: I woke up in a awesome mood!!! Yayyy Me ;)
i had mexican....i don't think either of our options are on the plan lol
You just did it! lol
10% OFF meal w/ drink purchase at Po Boys! Only w/ a
Johnny Depp was on Ellen today, and I missed it :(
I was getting really into Game of Thrones until I realized it was really just the new Chronicles of Narnia movie.
May the 6th Be with you. France.
The "Gordita Crunch" is a taco wearing a gordita. Hence the whole Silence of the Lambs reference. I think the taco is new.
Chicago Bulls ya'll lost to Philly?? They only scoring at the most 80 points per game.
lol yeah it sucks when that happens. I wld normally go 2night cause I put.mine off also but think I'm gonna wait.
re: "portraits" - Dear God I hate crappy writing, and that one smells like a month old blue crab from the bay...
Luke Bryan's pelvic thrusting > EVERYTHING
text me.
The Ring of Fire!
Don't care who's injured, Pens-Caps will always get my blood flowing.
Yoga-one of the best overall workouts you can do. Message me and I'll explain why it needs to be in your weekly routine.
going to adopt a pet tomorrow ... not sure what kind yet
Congrats to our friend on her feature for Indiana Female Focus. Look for her next week on
I know but I just honestly don't feel good enough to be able to do all of that "sigh"
dude your twitter name is - hard to believe you were raised w/ any class. Just pardon yourself.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. Hellen Keller
I think one of the local PG Co libraries has a local history room, a good place to start for
While others deal with a Nor'easter, we'll just lounge by the pool. What do you do on a beautiful day?
I mean... How could you not?
M I want a fruit cup now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
no facebook, no. i DO NOT want to subscribe to #ryanseacrest. NO
The conforming 30-year fixed-rate mortgage declined to 4.181 percent from 4.230 percent
i have prep to do for my first day of teaching tomorrow... but a nap sounds like such a good idea...
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.– Leon Tolstoi
So basically they killed He Is We. Wtf. ._. Downsides of the music industry.
Signing a 100 prints.
Anyone want to float at 1pm? 2 Last minute cancellations! Call the shop if you ant to get in! 503.384.2620
Youtube videos please! :D
I'm babysitting...lol were playing school
it's ok- I'd wait till you don't wait for 45+ minutes in line. If you order online, go in early, have your food made fresh
Hair Color Match Your Outfit Everyday
Looking like The #Dallas Mavericks are going to watch the NBA Final sitting on their sofa. Go OKC #Thunder send them home.
Eww ! There were two pigeons next to me :O
WORD! "gaol" is totes ridick RT : Pronouncing it "wroth" is almost as annoying and pretentious as spelling it "gaol"
Have you seen my Zombie??
good night. I love you. xx
your so fake why are you trying to be someone your not?
Enjoy your day & greetings from Europe!
The new ECMC Farmers Market is getting better each week. 400 visitors last Friday, half from the hospital and half from the neighborhood.
Great stuff!
Well, I'm going to Teen Hoot, and my parents wouldn't pay for a concert AND Teen Hoot, all in one summer.
As long as she brings my shirt we'll be golden. ;)
good tip! Thank you. I'll try some physical activity today. See if that works.
RT : Hebrews 11 verse 6. It is impossible to please God without ducks. (Works best if the duck is crispy & Thai!)
Thank for the RT
The Hallmark commercial that everyone has something they #need to hear is actually life-inspiring rather than sachrine. Kudos!
I HATE when you all don't know the difference between TO and TOO -__-
The Bible is meant to be #bread for daily use, not #cake for special occasions.
Oh! i hadn't realized that Maurice Sendak was gay. How interesting!
not a touchdown call but game changing play under 2 minutes. Should be reviewable from the booth in my mind.
Thank you soo much for following us! plz Help us reach 700 followers at the end of this & month we will send you some drinks!!
my phone is slow (;
I had just been thinking of you! I finished 508! Whoa...if you are free soon - let me know, I will come meet you
Aye(; FollowBack?Please(:
Some of us R on the Come Up that's why people go "Who" then they say "that's the real thing" when they listen...
“: Dear sweatpants & hoodies, thanks for being there for me. Sincerely, I'm sexy & I know it, but too lazy to show it.”
Of course, love that line at the end. Sent post to my girlfriend. Her response: "Ex malo bonum."
What a big change in fuel economy that will be!
Totally going to get an hour of sleep! Awesome!
hey, is your birthday today? Haha
But it's messing with my sense of self all the same.
(D) all of the above!!!
; hey boo thang! i'm just sitting here in class, thinking about giving you a s/o (; hahaa. I love you & can't wait to chill.
Ditto. Great turnout in Indy for Big Tens! good to see you today!
How 'bout adding the East Side Shuttle to NextBus??
DC tomorrow to look for housing!
Still kinda bummed that I missed #smcpbc! It seems like everyone had a blast! I def want to make it to the next tweet up!
This weather is not poppin.. Rain rain go away and never come back!
the 2nd thing is *turns into gushy fan* What a trip 2 actually talk 2 u (ifs its u..lol) I LOVE your work!.evatalk to McNichol?
no, i'm not trying to be sexy...this is a snapshot of me saying 'hi suggie' to my dearly departed feline friend.
Ha! You too?
Then observe what comes forward. What is your experience? What do you feel? See? Hear? Know? Then honor yourself by acting on this wisdom.
Love is so blind it feels right when it's wrong
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. Jim Rohn
WR Rueben Randle showing Giants he's NFL-ready (The Associated Press)
how did we not know?! RT In VA, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.
balls deep tho?
I think Billups can slide over for 20 mpg - he's decent guarding 2's and he scores primarily from 3PT + FT.
hey did you get my text? The class is Friday sorry about that aare you going to work tomorrow?
Just a few more days to get your Thors light tee for only 12 $ ! So come on down! www.tshirtcontest.com
I was a bit afraid to click on the picture link behind your last tweet
And when were you planning to inform me of that? Also, I work at 6:30 Saturday morning so...
Back in the #ICT!!
I'm guessing you can't see my smileys! You don't have an iPhone?! Lol
is amazing!!! Go follow her! She got awesome tweets!! Kay thnx
* Nice big ham in the oven
So excited to get my first direct order for an article, with two more right behind it! Great way to wind up the week. :)
I just got an email from myself. Spam tactic or is someone sending emails from me spamming others?
Oh, yes. Managing consumer credit, pragmatism about school debt, and "how much does a car really cost?". Please email
I need to start eating breakfast
RT : The Bahamas are great, but only a passing fancy in the face of my epic love for Houston.
Love always trusts
Pride is this weekend.. I'm excited!!!
#ThatAwkwarMoment when you have to find an empty aisle at the store to fart in.
RT : #GatorNation #gatorssoftball Good luck this week!!! You can do it!!! Go Gators!!!
How did I miss at during the #sxsw ??
I gotta floss my cat, so he won't stick.
Awesome to be able to tune into #umwfa12 welcome from home. Such an exciting program coming up!!
Oh Mexican Coke, no border fence could keep us apart.
#scholasticbowltournemant ...bout to nerd it up. ;)
Hates the job. Stressed out.
RT : BREAKING: Funeral tomorrow, Sat #Oct29 11am. RIP: 1st Amend - Our voices wait to join you.
i look good with and maybe
Can you please follow me back? Hehe!:]<U+2661>
RT : Q1: MDA study of medicare registry may have included patients who were not good candidates for APBI
Fav question so far: what experiences transcend age levels.
You know it's Hump Day when your cubicle feels like a padded cell without a door!
I hate being addicted to cigarettes lol
* While, not with, rather. In either case, that series has a weird obsession with exactly that. Not even w/ hoodrat friends.
tonight on the #HotFacebook5At8 #OrderUp for it starts NOW! Keep Track as counts down!!
did you have Fun? Please follow me Alex! Been waiting soo long.You & light up my world like nobody else<3
Good things happening for SS LLC! Possible first contract offer! Get details next week :D
Congrats to for the great start today...that's the Hughes we know and love
Vote early and vote often.
You need no polish; just the willingness to fly and trust your authenticity. ~ Lee Glickstein
hello, i see your a management company and if you need any professional photography done for your artist please let me know
“: Meek Mill #Amen is the best song out right now. Listened to it at least 50 times...”nigga...yess
hate this weather :(
The pools are open, the sports books are packed. Vegas is rocking!
Rangers rangers rangers!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Amazing Last Minute Deals Under $200. Includes Flight,Hotel,Taxes & Fees! Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com click under: Great Travel Deals
Definitely pulling for the NUGS!
I agree the matches were great, the main event was just weird and sting is badass champion.
hope alls well! :)
IT ARRIVED!!!!!!!!!!! DYING! It is just incredible! Loved reliving it!
Not gonna lie, kind of very sad #regisphilbin won't be on live with regis and kelly anymore.... I might have shed a tear.
lol no I'm fine! But Mariah might.
Suppose I'm part of Lexington's sedentary problem because I saw Lex mentioned on while laying on my couch. Ha!
I'm allergic to cats. If I do that then I'll get itchy and I won't be able to breathe...I don't think that will make me happy :0
I know I am probably just influenced by yesterday and today's events, but I thought the whole thing was a little homoerotic.
Thanks for the love, ! RT : Happy Humpday Love from Sookie
#freekatstacks Please follow me
says pop and musical theater merging together, excited for his role on fourth episode of Smash
Woo hoo! : Woo hoo for my bracket!
So is an extreme leftist for supporting the mandate the supported in the 90's. Do I have that right?
My conference is complete, I got the tshirt. Thanks
My knee is seriously so messed up..
Lake Harriet Community School Book Fair is about to kick off! Some of the proceeds benefit the school! Come swing by!
S/O to , my family, business, my team ... Thee company!!
But the question is, how many times will you have to pee afterwards?
all those gross horny gays online, i suppose. lol
It has been a very productive day & wonderful night.....now I need mucho sleep =D
Amen! It's not cute to Be a Carbon Copy of someone else! GOD made you unique & special! People need to Embrace that!
Never to early to start working for it!!! I'm ALL OVER that!!! =)) Thanks so much for all your support!!!
Acting for justice is what makes democracy better. "Most Americans are decent people who want to make America better."
Hey it's Becky - Health Expert - I'll be online for the next 30 minutes to answer your health and wellness ?'s!
bears. Bunch of Kens.
Party just started ! Where you at Vegas!
I feel like I'm driving a soccer mom car.... -____-
easy my ass
Clean looking good and grippin wood.....
I am the opposite of sexually attractive.
RT : BTW, the "Hey, so some real nasty things are being said about you here" DM's ARE FUCKING ANNOYING.
Driving to Flagstaff sunday morning to deliver 2 MP originals to a new client! I hope to see some SNOW!
The things that come out of people's mouth.
What did Mason do this time?
hahah probably not but they totally should!!
Dear Lord, I am thankful that it's Friday and I am working in Retina, but please help me to keep my foot out of my mouth today; thanks!
Annoyed and now i can't sleep.
Mann I Love It Whenn i take H O T bath's They Are The Best , They Get YOur Life Together : )
snap your finger off? Hah I wanna know the story with them ears hah. Send me a dm
sorry, following you now - I get behind on my twittering. Do you know anyone else with logopenic aphasia?
Gotta get this work done before its time to play tonight...
Great day of giving out toys and clothes to 1000+ homeless children! #grateful for all that we have.
going to downtown again so hello I missed my account so how's everyone?
Uh, yeah. NO THANK YOU! Sounds like E85 is over. Appreciate you sharing.
We're swamped with fantasy content at that time. Honestly hadn't thought about it. Keep me in loop.
The Town was an amazing movie. Worth the $.
hahaha, I got bored. Lmao. Yes, Men & oranges.
RT : As I get older, ny thoughts become grossly inappropriate
what's up man? Still touring with curren$y?
I'm already here!
:'( very heart breaking...
"The hot dog vendor & mother of 4 insists she's not a prostitute, just a stripper." I watch the news so you don't have to.
Scared money dont make money
Finally. Now you can get back to tweeting.
you're breaking my balls
Listening to Justin Bieber. :) One of the Best Artist's .
I'll be there with a shiny new promotion this summer haha hoping to see u there man.
....genuinely scared by ppl on My Crazy Addiction. There's a girl addicted to drinking gasoline. GASOLINE!! Feed the car - not urself!
One I overlooked on my feared retired NFL dead pool, Owens, Favre, and Tiki Barber - the 'can't miss broadcaster' who missed...
Estee Lauder uses ratings and reviews to be deployed into other channels and use them to go from products to stories
Bitch I'm off life
you can't buy my love with action figures. or can you?
Wow how bout that sick left handed Finish By Bron tho.
Laying down like red carpet, so you can walk right over them.
so fresh
What zzup Guys!!(: I go to Six Flags with my tteam #1E!! #YEE this one in MEXICO!!so exited:D
is such a refreshing addition to the show. The more I watch the more I like her.
Nice! Look forward to seeing you guys at the shoot tomorrow :)
yeah, it was pretty awesome. i'll try to dream you in there next time.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Up like staying here up?
JD and the #Muppets is clearly the best Christmas album ever, but Leon Redbone runs a close second.
Going to see the latest Ice Age Movie with the kids...
S/O To Wud Up Doe?
I'm in the mood for a bubblecake cupcake and starbucks coffee
Heard while installing exhibit: "What surprises me is that the women are doing things. I would have thought the men did it." Thanks.
Sometimes being a bitch is necessary.
hahaha i love you! Come visit!
My Career Guru told me there are no such things as problems. There are only challenges. Okay, but these challenges are a real problem.
I wonder what hes doing..
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance." [Aristotle]
And to top this day off, I can't stop sneezing! Yo I swear I've sneezed a hundred time since I woke up! Stupid Allergies:(
Congress Effectively Outlaws Protests Anywhere Secret Service Deems Off Limits | Following lead of Totalitarian regimes?...
Branding is more than just a log or a tagline...it's the reputation of your business
what was the result? Repair?
Damn girl. Your always doing something. :)
So proud of my good friend, on his new gig Take 'em down, Andy!
RT : Soaring. Tumbling. Free-wheeling. Luv IT!
Of course!
Kid, you sound so desperate oh my lord. Let me punch you in the face.
US Airways, American Airlines merger would mean higher prices
At the TCFMRS expert panel, advice to students & residents: Say yes to all training opps. You'll be glad you did once out in practice
Hey, you know that chivk your always tweeting about? You should date her already(:
Its St. Patrick's day eve and its raining. Maybe a little Bailey's in the morning coffee won't hurt
Going to a pumpkin patch with Laura! So excited!!!!
knows his hockey!
Happiness is amazing staff & a mind blowing breakfast at the Courtyard by Marriott here in Dallas TX! Headed to the Cowboys game today Yay!
No, no! That's Nanda's choice to make! :P
Holy Bachelorettes Batman! We are packed with the ladies right now!
but ebanks makes up for that by being a better offensive player
Just thumbing through some code and thinking, "who the hell thinks like this?!"
El Cajon Councilman Bill Wells commends the police and fire departments in El Cajon for their work during last week's blackout
Free screen cleaning when you mention twitter. Offer expires Jan. 30, 2011. Call for free estimates. 505-881-0582
Totally agree hadi~ megan fox got nothing on her
Bride Wars!
Happy birthday !!
Put a smile on!! It's a new day!
I told God I'd be back in a second. Man it's so hard not to act reckless! Damn suddenly iTouch screen looks hell small. Haha
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
I love the sound of storms. Like the sounds of rain and thunder are so relaxing.
Shouts out to the hardest working man in Protection Services, my client praised your work ethic...SmOove aka Big Rich
If clothes didn't exist would we eat so terribly?
I just followed them
Joe Haigh a head coach!?! What!?!? Congrats man....just heard!!!
My swag so complicated
<U+2665> RT : Your welcome ^.^ RT : All I can say is thank you.. For everything you've done .
New Orleans could be really interesting.
Explaining to the cultural significance of Mars' unified Almond Joy/Mounds advertising campaign. It involves singing.
i got a track i want u 2 hear.. need a new beat for it.. n its not mixed.. its a good concept too..can i email it 2 u
New friends, where'd you go?
SSA's 235-foot freight boat "Katama" collided with a lobster boat. Coast guard helicopters were searching for boat.
This is the 51st anniversary of Willie Mays hitting four home runs at Milwaukee County Stadium...
you're welcomee :) is that your booski?
I LOVE weddings, mainly to dress up, get drunk and dance all night.
Going to McDonalds for a Salad is like going to a Whorehouse for Hugs!!!
#angola scholar Dr. Weik has worked to tell other chapters in african amer history.
Absolutely no one benefits from me being up this early...
Fuck it though. I'm happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Be Proud of where your from...find out who you are and be it!
RT Great day in London. Doctor who thing, pedalo on the serpentine. Popped into harrods for cake. Now at hotel.
San Diego #event you don't want to miss! Today @ 2 p.m. join Mayor Sanders, and Marine Corps @ Miramar Landfill groundbreaking
good job!
Rentals thx for the mention. Thnx too for the great Bike Dates! bit.ly/wUZmdZ
Tomorrow is never guaranteed, would u be satisfied?
Hey play that #Tipsy ft
In rest of today's action: Missouri upset Baylor in a game that ended in penalty kicks. Then Oklahoma State just downed OU 1-0 on late goal.
Just saw run by with the 7:49 pace leader #ILmarathon 14 miles in!
it is! *pines*
x x x
Naturally, after seeing Project X, Ivy's reaction was to assume I was plotting a blowout party designed to demolish her house.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom ever, I don't know what I would do without her!! I love you mommy.<3 (:
Never knock on deaths door: Ring the door bell and run (he hates that)
lol don't do that.. Then I won't be able to enjoy ur beauty in my mentions lol :)
What ever you do u got to fit in a Chicago Dog!
STunning show at Bowery Ballroom this past weekend.
sorry I: RT “: She pops in my mind when I listen to " Hpw To Hate" by Lil Wayne and its just funny cause every lyric of that
Black Fri-Cyber Mon Incredible 50% discount PTPA for 123GoTV Help Your Kids Keep Fit. USE PTPA on BUY page at checkout.
There's really nothing on earth like seeing your favorite song performed live. I hope everyone gets to experience that one day.
Congrats and see you tonight on your special day :)
Why is Santa already hanging out at Americana?
It's only fitting that the Eagles signed Damaris to a free agent deal.
Tease. RT It sure is, Jennifer! Come on in, we can hear those beignets calling your name!
Guess who's happy: & is on for another week?Maybe is on an extended assignment,huh?
thank you for following us.
aw that sucks! I hope you feel better soon(:
Omg its taking forever to park at the hardrock! Ugggghhh!
I can feel Tyra Banks sucking out my last few brain cells. WTF is all this booty tooch mess?!? I mean really!
thanks, was fun! cmon over to the party tonight if you're not slammed! <3
Can't sleep!
People keep sending me what are called virus links... you should get your computer checked. ;) just saying.
It looks like a lot of tweeps are excited about frozen yogut coming to Brady St!
ik bub thts y im not joining a gang
all the day
"Envision is the perfect title for what we have here ... ES helps students envision what they will become" (SF Supe )
OH COOL WHICH ONE IS IT ?
I'm listening to it via Stitcher Radio as I type this. Looks like I'll be doing some Amazon shopping via your website!
I see.
At the nutcracker ballet. The girls luv it. Me? I think for straight males it is aptly named!!!!!!
hey add me on FB ()
thanks anyway
I love cat videos
No. They're being made to throw tons of pitches in games where it's not necessary.
The house always wins. Especially when the house own the dice.
Congratulations on your 2012 Music Award nomination for "Hold Me" (featuring ).
Caught the end of Amilya Antonetti's speech - excited for rest of line-up!
are you kidding? I want one!!!
#mla12 #s442 Houser linking dataviz project to Blood Meridian by way of description as mastery
haha how special.
I thought they were limited in their tool selection. And I probably wouldn't have thought of that, no. :)
What would you do if i told you that a la la la la la laa!! ~ The Cab <3
Sumtimes i wonder how things sound in other ppl's head & how different they are from mine
doing this paper on how my ancestors immigrated to america makes me want to do one thing. play oregon trail.
if my patents don't kick me off the Internet by then, I will! Lol :^)
I was going to stop napping but then it started to rain.
*Satuday SPECIAL* If you're already a MEMBER, purchase a SANTA BAG all day today for $39.99 and you'll receive one FREE month of upgrades!*
damn. I'm having a back pain right now. So tired. Tomorrow is my enrollment. Hope I'll have a chance to meet them. School time again!
Yes I am the sh** Tell me do it stank #A$AP
U are the freakin' best(:
Calling all heros. Wake up.
Kill yourself.
sick man
I'm gonna stop procrastinating one of these days tho... like maybe tomorrow or next week...
Of course, I've got hope. What the hell else would I have, dumb dumb? RT John Fox era starts with hope vs. Raiders on MNF...
RT : “I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.”~Albert Einstein
thanks & same to you! Have a great weekend.
RT: Technically due to the fact Trunks is half Saiyan he can't achieve SS4 so I wouldn't really consider him a Monkey.
we DON'T play...
When is going to get things right and have you star in a movie. Then i would go see one of theres
Heading to Humble, TX for a trash haul. Give us a call if you have junk to be hauled away in the area!! (713) 464-9200
trying to make it happen I gotta meeting with my people from Atlanta on the 19th
Headaache all day , now gotta finish this stupid project . I wish I could kick the teachers face !
Partners + Napier is helping us w/it as part of their pro bono project this year. Thanks though :)
I'm fantastic
Gasol & Bryant are the 2nd best scoring duo in the league. Yep, Gasol sucks so the Bulls don't need him.
o I'm blowin loud right meow!
hooray! for fun afternoons.
NEVER FULLY depend on Humans....I'm just saying......FULLY depend on GOD:)
been studying since 11:00. Off to take a nap so I can wake up and study more.
#AirBud's fans are gracious in victory MT hope the great George-Budinger debate of 2012 doesn't turn ugly.
When People Stop Talking About You,Good Or Bad. Thats when you worry!
is it real now, when two people become one?
So I came to school to find out my only class of the day is cancelled. Great!
Or a sugar daddy ;)
Discovered 2 things about Cinco de Mayo today: (1) America celebrates it 4 diff reasons than Mexico & (2) It is not Mexican Independence Day
oh, ROTFL, duh, hehehe!!! im on that "stuff" 4 real
R5 is killing it right now!
YO! This nigga Metta World War is a nightmare! He might get suspended the rest of season and playoffs
it wong let me ... says i followed too many ppl today =/ ..... i dont get it ... i will as soon as i can tho i promise
Let me know when you peep the whole project out, oh yeah you can hear every track on cdbaby too...Orphanz™
Dear #SteveJobs, Thank you for everything. RIP Jae Sent from iPhone
nothing tricky bout it...Kansas get it together for the love of God!
Glory be to Jesus! And Hallelujherrrr too!
Now you wanna talk to me? Fuck outta my face nigga.
but yeah.. Umm good beer over Smirnoff any day
#Bruins abnormally sloppy with the puck today. Showing signs of missing Nathan Horton and need to ramp it up.
Teaching and interviewing and grading, oh my!
did u mean there's a second floor or just the hallway with a second section?
Looking for suggestions of #epiblishers, #indie or otherwise, who are accepting submissions. Anyone have recommendations?
Come on #Blackhawks, look alive out there!
RT : Maybe one day we'll wake up, & this will all be a dream.
k. let me know. i have some time sunday afternoon. was gonna take mom shopping in the evening maybe is all
; better be alright.
So much on my mind right now
girls fall for niggas to fast ,
I've tastes it before. It's used quite a bit in baking in Scotland. I love the stuff.
Brothers- Don't forget, Secret Santa present exchange is on Sunday!
watching degrassi , yup im cool xD
What the hell is what? :-)
Wow! The Korean Zombie has to be one of the most exciting fighters in the UFC. How can you not love and root for this guy?
who needs to buy or sell a house,
I wish I could explain to you how I felt, because every night before I go to bed, you're all I think about.
Well, I think poetry might've served me a B.
Ima victim of my own kind wea da weed at
I know personality counts too but #LetsBeBlunt the way you dress/look determines if ima talk to you or not.
But even if you dissed me, I ain't mad.
of course it's TRUE!! I love you guys :) and wittle jack :)
Sitting in the Dallas airport. Guy next to me phone rings. Ringtone is Half Time. Stand up and get crunk!
you say: " I am in love with you" =)
Sometimes I forget I have one lol
prom blows dick
haha i am a lazy prick at heart! I asked my wife for my birthday and she thought i was joking.. slippers go on right when i
thanks for choosing us for your dinner spot! We hope you enjoyed it!!
How bout you & your, girl gimme double head!
you asked me like you was on something
TODAY 4-5pm ET: partners w/ for LIVE Twitter Chat (use #JSonGP) for National Childhood Abuse Prevention Month!
If it is to be it is up to me.
I can't remember exactly the process, but we did that one year.
I pretty much can't eat beef or pork or any other cute animals anymore, the way they're treated is just fucked up.
there's a joke here about Berlusconi's girlfriends, but I can't quite formulate it...
you saying is music to my ears lol
Just realized I don't work next Monday. Best day ever!
I literally have nothing to do. Nothing. This week of school is a joke.
That movie was boss
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...<3
If BMX gets cancelled tomorrow from all this rain I'm going to be depressed :/
I am sorry about the delay. We have our Annual Shareholders Meeting tomorrow followed by a Board of Directors meeting.
No better feeling in the world than seeing a DJ quote one of your song's lyrics in a post on their #Facebook page! Thx
I know haha bad sister
Haven't we pretty much established a 10 year avg pattern of DOW 12000 and NASDAQ 2500 at this point?
What's the best free antivirus? AVG let something through.
now following 2 of my favorite baseball players because they can hit and make webgems in the field and
Feeling like shitttt
that's a classic.
basically....so now i cant lock my door but i still do *side eyes*
that song remind me of the times I had back home!!
RT Exercise is a dirty word... Every time I hear it, I wash my mouth out with chocolate
Lt for both us
do yall think i can drive 20 hours straight
LOCAL COLLEGES: Rowan University women&#39;s lacrosse wins nailbitter against Drew
so twin twitter is acting wierd on us -_______-
I actually asked Battle for an intern. Turns out that's a no go.
Ewww country music and unfitted jeans
No sleep til Wednesday. No monkey tears. Double up on five hour energy, charge the banana and refill the magic flask. This is Mardi Gras.
Now if that joker never picks up the phone and its always you, he's not thinking about you or into you so head off to the next one:)
Good win to end the reg seas! Makes me feel good bout tourney and March. ": FINAL: Indiana 85, Purdue 74 #iubb"
This town has lies to tell.
Apparently, Antonio Cromartie missed class the day of the "Birds and Bees" lesson. Maybe someone should fill him in.
how we can socially curate that content... I agree , that is the a very important conversation.
He will probably leave after this year. BC under Frank Spaziani and Gene DeFilippo is in shambles
#HoopIdea - What George Karl just said. Players should get 1.5 assists for an assist that leads to a layup/dunk.
Or guys text you that you haven't talked to in years & want to meet up. :)
Good day today! Let's try this again tomorrow, world.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
You cant trust ANYONE nowadays. Its incredible.
When I tell ppl im 20 they act like I just tood em God is outside
Discover a career with AT&T today! Follow for the latest openings.
fuck off, I love
very very well!! How r u? Thanks for asking!
oh no:0
happy birthday nezzy:)
The Reality of Wind Power | The Meck Deck
this is where I sat in his class!
literacy: the ability to understand, navigate, and leverage formal or informal information systems
Fuck it, I'm thinking about calling it quits.
I know neither can i !!! D: When he goes 'Im flesh and bone, im a rolling FUCKING stone' That sets me off! :L Too emotional!!
Busy day writing sales letters and marketing T3. Coming up with straplines has to be the hardest creative task to do in the world.
Just paid off my parking tickets. Can I have my car back, DC impound lady?
goodnight . i like you darlin' <3
Thanks, Tracey! I think you are quite wonderful, too!
So the busy day begins!
nice to meet you....best of success with !! Keep writing. :)
Damn I think Satan himself came walking through my hood
How to Make Travel Plans with Pets in Mind: As with any vacation, the first decision that needs to be made is where you are traveling...
this pathetic loser has the balls to buy 100$ in groceries with food stamp card.then pulls out 20$ bill to buy a case of beer fucd up system
big game tomorrow as would say
Happy Buritto Day... Even though it's not a national holiday, Oh but I wish it was.
crazy dumb
Honey badger don't care...
you tell Angie that their is no game today, to not go anymore Dx ?
“: #INeverUnderstood why people get into a relationship and then cheat.”
#WeWontWork on math
Halyn is TOTALLY pinching herself, like she must be dreaming....!!!
kickin' it KS style this weekend.
Trying to write in the style of "Jack Spade" for work, any tips ?
Maus as "transferential space"? Comic book makes possible a transmission of memory to reader (who has no "Holocaust past")
How awesome is it that is not a bot? Insta-follow!
And I heard em say nothings ever promised tomorrow, today
"That's what UR" Coming Soon!!
Working like a dog. Ready for the day's Ciesta....and then back to the grind.
did she find the damn phone??
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY <U+2665>
Everyone on Earth is at OC Point.
For the first time in 2 1/2 years, I don't have a single meeting. I'm not sure what to do with myself. Hm...Get some work done, perhaps?!
i thought that's what you mean by 'darfting' ;) Sounds like a project for 3 or 4 men & booze.
Not me.
Worldwide trends ... heath bell .... we have a new BOB wickman . that guy lost tons of games/saves 4 the braves .
food tip-No "curly" bacon 4 breakfast when U dip it in2 cold water before frying.
hit us up closer to the season.
I thought that it was AMAZING! Looking forward to your thoughts..
Next post: Ask the Readers: What Are Your Top 3 Life Goals?
Just driving home since she RAN TO MY HOUSE
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I got where I needed to be.
text me biotech :)
...and like I cannot force the sun to rise or hasten summer's start, neither should I rush my way into your heart.
I spit dope lines like I was chewin on crack rocks/ My lyrics paint a picture like you're takin a snapshot
heads always on a swivel... Good looks though!!!
Welcome! I'll be back for one soon! RT : Thank you!
Your a seriously pathetic to me, to her and to your third girl you were talking too.. like grow up your a senior not a first grader.
I can't stop watching !
“ Wouldn't it suck if that first piece of bread that everyone skips was the cure for cancer?”
4 days until we celebrate Dr. Seuss’ birthday and America Day! What Dr. Seuss book will you be reading?
Let us remember Whitney with compassion for those who struggle,even those who are not gorgeous and talented.
it's lunch! Noonish
This inventory at work <<<<
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 52
Never! :D RT Dammit, , stop having sales and fueling my sock addiction!
me too;) haha but you can start with smiling:)
Just gave a presentation to Caiden's class about vegetable gardens. I think a majority of them enjoyed it.
Went all the way across houston al by myself for the first time
My boss and my husband are going back and forth ranking the #Avengers in terms of superness. Too fun.
LMFAO like i feel bad yet...happy...i dont like the lakers or kobe at that
What if that was Gabriel Jr.? ;) RT : Lmfao i am nothing like my mom she started crying because she ran over a puppy & i could
You know things are busy when everyone is home, in their rooms working, and we text each other instead of talking.
My dog and I are watching paint dry. We're pretty busy. #fantasiatuesdays #acidinthe60's
My dad is one of the most unhappiest people I know&everytime I think about how his life didnt turn out the way he wanted, i feel like crying
you better belive it. The worlds smallest!
Funny what dreams tell us. Hm maybe your subconscience is telling you, you need one? I know I do. Lol
RT : Today was a good day for Tiki. A 7 year old cat who has been at the shelter since June went home! (great ending)
I really hate not having a truck to drive wish mine was done....
Experience the rich cultural heritage of the islands. Be sure to join us for Drums of Th e Islands on Saturday, starting at 11 a.m.
Akward car ride o.o
However, the exfoilants like Coffee granules & sugar cane granules attack the dead skin to...
had no clue you were a Madonna fan(not that there's any wrong in that)
that's horrible lol
I really like what you're doing for the Mexican community
“ #kidlitchat the doceri app will let you annotate.The VGA cable will display anything in your iPad (using ur iPad instead of PC)
about to watch a 35 min documentary on the worlds scariest drug
happy birthday
#DTLA We charge 7 to 8 cents a sleeve over the 10 to 12 cents charged per page for a fliers, we don't charge you for distribution,,,
bro I'm hurting my knee is killing me... Josh how's your arm?
Looking to do ALL my holiday shopping on Christmas Eve for the 5th year in a row.
is getting ready to take mirabel for her vet check (she'll LOVE that).
Thanks for the follow, guys!
You know else pivoted? Adolf...RT Someone else who has pivoted a lot of times: Barack Obama, to jobs
inspiring! www.youthoughtyouknewyou.com/
If Sex Isn't Better Than Love Than Why Cheat ?
She spoke words that would melt in your hands, and she spoke words of wisdom
PBS brings back modern ‘Sherlock’ for a second season
Alright, which main character is going to die on #WalkingDead this week?
another year another beer....
Life without you is like life with no air..
.: This #futuresci presentation on reconstruction of events from fMRI is blowing my mind <- it's reading your mind!
Follow back!
for sure, fuck all of that bullshit. I can't wait to come back home so I can see you, and so we can go to the lake.
in a room all by myself when theres 20 people in the another room at work
Had to monitor Fox for a story. Can't. Deal. With. The. Blathering.
Just got new stuff for my bathrooms!! :) My house is getting a make-over!
those are definitely happy moments :-)
Moi aussi. So generous to communities of all kinds. #MLA has been beneficiary!
what is it about little Asian lady's that work at post offices??
in the past year, I've used an #Android, #Blackberry, and #iPhon, it took a while, but i've made my decision-- the winner is the iPhone 4S
EVERYONE MUST FOLLOW ;)
Looking forward to seeing it in AZ.. will the obnoxious blonde comedian get hers finally..?
It's nuts, I can't believe the guy shot and killed a toddler. That's unbelievable.
Happy New Year to you as well!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK #followngain LET'S GO. <3 i wanna make it to 900 to support I FOLLOWBACK.
Military families have to deal with a lot during wartime. Dealing with today's murders will require a lot of love and prayers from all of us
thanks Bryan!
nigga how you gon text me and not text back?
watchin the blind side with Trent. <3
“: nice. I'm headed to Nashville to see tomorrow :-)” Nashville is going to be amazing!! Can't wait!
Thanks for the RT!
same here. You have my digits. Prepare to see B$, kav, and myself at our absolute best.
hello im Karlton
We can def do that. Send your info bio, mp3s and professional photos to .
One picture is worth a thousand words. - Anonymous
you should.
Delicious! All about to Lavo! RT : how's that steak boys?
I always wanted him to tell me he liked me, he finally did<3
NNNOOOOOOOOOOO! Just clicked a hulu video and now i have the stupid timeline. So not happy. F
awww man put em up then
Off work early hell yeah whadddup world
Just walked by this old man with a rolling book bag,belting out the song baby I'm amazed by you!
I understanding the sentiment, but the camera money is no where near enough to address the schools' bldg conditions.
I never stopped caring.
congratulations to all the graduates!
Everybody on my TL head is hurting I was bout to post...."Feel like throwing up" I hate morning sickness!!!!! It's freaking all day dude!!!
their opponent would be just as guilty for throwing a fireball cause I know I'd keep trying to jebait a knife out of rolento users.
Damn i was fucking trashed last night
Witty Who to follow algorithm: James Cameron; Alan Thicke; US FDA; Jay-Z; Arts & Letters Daily; Ochocinco -- I do confuse you so!
thanks! It was just like that too. Had a blast last night!
Thanks for putting my post up!
was there ever any doubt? That menu looked DOPE!!! I look forward to seeing it in action
Area draft roundup: Vanderbilt&#39;s Tim Fugger drafted by Indianapolis Colts
; Ben & Jerry's closing right now.. >.<
yep. I mean you have been the last couple of years.
a few streets down
Isn't it a little early to be having wedding stress dreams?
": Never tell your problems to anyone, 20% dont care and the other 80% are glad you have them. Lol! Or 100% don't care
a belated thanks to being #MomoftheDAY! Sweet!
It's so hot at work.
While you're following... hit us with your requests for #ThrowbackThursday. What old school jam do you want featured?
Going to test out the new bike :) can u say Raw POWER!!!!!!
I seriously feel like I'm in a scene out of a lame version of The Hangover, or a Katy Perry song.
I dumb . Aha my dad brought a shit load of chinese food . Im just having a lil bit of everything . I want soda tho .
what was their topic?
Flight delayed 2 hours but coming home to a letter from Africa (sent more than 6 weeks ago, wow) means going to bed happy!
This guy put me in his S/O and I didn't RT shit. Love the guy. Best friends for life.
I was in a band but then they kicked me out. Yea that was a suckish day.
Let's Have Sex. ( : that's all I wanna do
do ya thing playa
The men of viewed their recorded pitches for the first time. None had seen themselves in front of a camera before.
Thanks! We can't wait to meet him or her!
i am jealous !
I know. But sorry I'd still kiss smokers... :( Am I gonna die young???
pretty little liars finale :(.
facebookinq rite now !
If my dude followed me back that's be to tight!!! #ohyeah!!
Hey Trish! Totally depaends where you live but generally between 1 and 3 inches...
Just Chillin with my boy kam and morgan
hm... good idea, but it may make me an alcoholic, by the time I get it done! :)
Funks Grove sounds like a city I could #SettleDownIn... too bad its in the middle of no where Illinois!
If you don't have the brains, and looks are all you care for, you'll never get anywhere in life.
This Friday we are having a pool party with ice cream! Come make a sundae and hang out. Friday, 6-8 at the Rec Center on Campus
Ima put you underneath "movie star" because in this society a porn star counts as a movie star #GoFuckYourselfBitch ;) ;)
WAIT...Dont forget the GORGEOUS Dara Zane Scully shining brightly in the photo below!
Sorry,posted the wrong version of my stories (not the correct/final drafts ). I'll try again in the near future. .Please come back soon!
Andy Lee
Its April...i hate you NFL!
#CoolStoryBro in which chapter do you shut the eff up?
hey stranger
Thanks! Our new logo.
you're so fucking bada[s][s]. I love you forever. <3
00047b Thu19jan12 . Clockout 2130p . wandered through chinatown/downtown; sat at union station . thinking of movements for the china outpost
#Question What's the difference between a Goodwill, and Goodwill Store? Can u buy pre owned groceries there or somethin?
2 weeks of class left.. I can do this.
They told me I had type-A blood, but it was a Type-O.
RT : Thank you to everyone for participating in tonight's #PRSSA Twitter Chat! We really hope you guys learned A LOT tonight!
wouldn't want to trip in there
We have a two drink minimum because sober audiences are lousy audiences.
Will do my brotha! RT : We come to Cali from Colorado and Germany and its raining balls. Stoked we. come say hi D!
I gonna play basketball but the rain ://
Hi Lynda! Thank you! I'm having a great weekend! I hope you are as well!
Giving each other Space.
i knw gonna kill me, but im just now getn a chance to really listen to these dope joints he sent! goodness
so anti
One Of The Worst Games I Played In My Life...
dood I have to wait till after I go get the little sis :/
Last year I had turducken Excellent But this year it was turobsterlamary I photographed both
Trying to turn a tee shirt into a cute tank top = #craftfail<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Destroying LA is kind of lame, though, since that city is so spread out. I mean, do they destroy the freeways?
Pajama jeans?! Yet another thing I missed. Kinda like how I believed Hot Topic was only a store in South Park.
Off to Dallas!
if i was one of the rangers i would've given neil the finger.. i still hate him for hitting boyle
FMP Pro spell checker suggested "carnage" for Carnegie.
heres the follow bro-ski '
Congrats on signing your book.Who's your publisher?
Likee Bee Real,Withh Mee I Hate When People Lie Too Mee .
no Latravia , fuck you little dumb broad
- Thanks for the listing!!
it's actually 'jack3d', i'm surprised you would leave out the "K" - and I have some "trics" up my sleeve...
laughing - grass is always greener. I've heard Blogger offers more professional options like can't link products on WP
Happy Friday!! :)
Thanks for the shout out Daniel! We appreciate the support :-)
hehe.. yes, there is a master plan in effect! New management, new era!
Good night muawh * blows a kiss * <3
I miss you too pretty girl!!! Or should I say beautiful!! <3
Thanks 4 u'r networkin streets grow yo base peeps!
I think the online special is 3 months for $50. If we lived in the same state I might have been able to help you. lol
Bruins beat Philly. I'm happy. Celts won too
Hooray! Congrats drinks?
Going to the #PDXWinterhawks game tonight vs. Seattle? Bring your ticket stub to #FrightTown and receive $5off regular admission! Go Hawks!
Don't you think that Anthony should shave off his mustache? >_<
She told me i swear to god yo dick changed my life.
All of the above? Thumb drive and USB drive most commonly.
Opening Day is here! Root, root, root for the home team - Go #Reds!
Some people need to grow up and realize promises aren't everything. No matter where you come from, promises are easily broken for the wise.
The Nuggets gone be a top 5 team in the west next year, so yeah the Lakers should have went to 7 games with them.
Ascetic: one who makes a necessity of virtue. -Nietzsche
No! I can't watch during the day. Bo! :(
got vetoed...it's jj, j weeks, harper, balfour...for cano trout now
In a completely unrelated music or business story. Amanda Knox was released. Figured everyone should know.
Job done! Don't know why you fainted, you wuss!
text me I got a new phone!!
I saw a disturbing video on the web that made me wonder. People that are into bestiality, do they get STD tests at the doctor or vet?
Looks awesome, man! My only suggestion: maybe line up those headlines, one-by-one, underneath the "Year of the Karyakar" sign?
Crazy guy in Walgreens just told me my boots are 'pirate boots!' F yeah! :)
we are "open table meets evite meets expedia" u make res 4 dining exp, pay beforehand, and fill empty seats like expedia!
did you hear him tell the subway champagne story last night? Classic
Mark your calendars for Feb. 5th. We are back at the Rocktagon Arena. Visit www.rocktagonmma.com for more information.
jealous y'all went to codmother
Thanks, let me know if you ever have other questions.
There's a lot I could say right now but I'm not gonna stoop to your level
30-10 BROWNS BEATING THE SAINTS ASS THIS IS AMAZING *jumping in the air screaming*
Thanks for the mention in the PT post. I have been so busy! I appreciate the mention very much.
In good company, gentlemen!
Yeah Obummer... I'm so sorry the constitution and separation of powers is getting in the way of your stupid hope and change.
sorry I missed this, or I would have. Hope you guys had a great spring break in Florida.
If Rummy had been v& in France, I probably would have laughed for like two weeks straight. Glad y'all made the effort.
Apparently when I channel anger the lawn gets mowed. So there's that.
thanks for that info on sprints 4S might be switching
Just asked Gabe if he has buttsex with his boyfriend! Lmao.
did you study at all?
She so fine!! I bet she get all the hoes!
Me too if it makes you feel better. I always go to Journey when I have something stuck in my head. Lesser of 2 evils
There's also TW Food, and Highland Kitchen -- the latter probly less quiet, though on a Monday who knows...
Seriously? Are you really RESPONDING to #nofreeriding?
Today is a beautiful day!
So glad that's over.... I feel a weight lifted off me:) now on to film an industrial
Latino's and Persians be looking the same!! Lol
Target is done - mission accomplished. Now at Kmart. Last stop (I think). And no, Ann, socks weren't on the list :) Legos, etc. UP for $13.
what city River? highway patrol?
Strengthening the link between local and regional governments and the citizens would contribute to reach sustainable development.
aw #williamlevy wore a tux for me tonight. just for me:) don't crush a girls dream!
Rocking out to Talking Heads with my new Thai cousins....Priceless!
- your welcome. Will chat soon.
There's gold in them thar hills - aka basically free rep - if you rewatch your favorite TV series and ask great questions on !
Can't wait to see #oomf today ;)
Thanks for including us in your 1 year anniversary party....all wonDDerful peeps. Congrats!
Wow. just made a crazy save!
You know you don't have enough Twitter readers when it pleases you that an obvious bot is now following you.
You, my friend, are a badass photographer.
I call black ssbbws m&m's
jack is now
My prom is comin too fast ..! 11 days left
lol ok cool.
You seriously piss me off , maybe this is why I don't like when you hang with friends.
THIS SATURDAY! is back at ! Time to get funky, DC!
retreat-ed. now we march forth, as the Poet once said, harder, better, faster, stronger.
Thanks so much for following us! Anything exciting going on for the Long Beach Film Festival?
we are recording this session.
happy late birthday, lovely!
Nice to connect with you here!
Brave 10-year-old Mia has stepped to the mic for the first audience participation (Northern Lights is an all-ages venue!)
Can You Follow me =]
you're cute but i feel no connection.
Has anyone ever told you you sound like Aaliyah sometimes when you sing??? <3
It sucks not being miserable enough to bust out a good tweet.
When his lips touch my butthole. >>>
Now partnering with Central Park Conservancy for my gift giving program. 30% of my fee is donated to my clients' favorite charities.
RIP Joel Goldsmith. :(
I think that's the Honkey Tonk Man
There's probably no booze at baby showers, right? Asking for a friend.
Can y'all do me a favor & start a Real Job Creators movement? Pretty please?
Ed Stetzer - Weekly Wrap &amp; Church Signs of the Week: Some ...
hootenanny totally cool as long as the person who says it is over 60 and really short.
why are you hatin'?
have you given up on Sports Broadcasting?
Been there. Done that
you're cruisin'....you're officially banned from the mazdaradie
People will be able to date films being made today by the bloody noses and unintelligible fight sequences, sigh.
never mind, I just saw your other tweets lol
Two practices in one evening
bless your week in all you do. love to the family
I use Facebook for the people I know. I use Twitter for the people I wish I knew.
Light up your harley for the holidays! www.darksideshields.com
"You don't have a soul, you are a soul. You have a body." - C.S. Lewis
on as some would say
in less than 2 months we will be at the lake
Don't be silly! You know you can't go but so far…
Don't judge me for my choices when you don't understand my reasons
Why are the Timbers bench players dancing around? Is that another soccer thing I don't know about? This is a very complicated sport.
Asian Americans feel under represented in media via Wong. YES YES YES!
Clippers got lucky.
People follow me i want to get to 200!
The Pop Hour begins 4am-12pm.. Need some hot pop music with or without hooks hit up or www.mobstyleproctions.com
Eff you. You're a 50 year old has-been CUNT. Enough with the Jew jokes you fuckin' jew-hater.
what gives? I pay $10/mo for several months. All the sudden, you have no record of that, and you booted my entire account.
thought i had to pee, but just stood there for a while...
check your DMs, ma'am :-)
So looking forward to all of our new upcoming #projects now in the works! <yay> This next year is going to be FABULOUS!!! <3
Sounds like a good day :)
Yes, it is fascinating. Thanks for passing the word on...and Cape Town sounds like a lovely place to be.
id just like to say congrats for kicking a** in karate. ;) #spongebob. KA-ROT-TAY!
Jerry *. * Without doubt the weakness of all Belieber lol.
Dewey I'm like really attractive
Thanks so much for the RT, Julie!!!!! Much appreciated! Enjoy the rest of your week.
Thanks for the follow!
love ya <3
yes. Facebook but...what's FaceTime?
Paper = Complete
This new pretty little liars is very addicting!!
bitch don't forget to overnight me that fuckin kush, i know you just re-upped on some major weight. get at me homie.
must have been mighty crustiful
It's showtime yall!
or the other way around
that's kind of like asking why What Weekly doesn't ever have anything about the death of children.
RT : #SOCIALMEDIATIP Share VALUE packed content that is so helpful that people want to share it! You should always lead with this!
Next time i'll remember not to text you back or trust you (:
Are we doing the web 2.0 kiosk again this year? Because I'd like to do it/recruit people to do it.
if only we could !!
Please tell me you did not tweet that while driving. RT : When ppl pull out in front of you & drive super slow<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
do you think it may be a kind of Bradley effect? "I'm supposed to like gays" doesn't hold up in voting booth?
OK, next year I'm using the Scantron form spell-a-word method when choosing teams for my bracket.
- 9/17 baby - Opti Park in Broad Ripple - visit www.indyjazzfest.net
Pixability Co-Authors Definitive Book on Video Marketing - Retail Digital (press release)
Happy Birthday Taylor hope its a good one
I can do this, I can do this! I must be able to do this for the next 6 weeks.
Sorry babe, I spaced out lol. Next Wednesday at 2pm at the sylvan theater on the mall
Heading to Sully's for some drinks and some pre-derby Chaos!! Who's coming with me?!? - New Guy Jonathan
And then he will need to catch Kerry Collins, Drew Bledsoe and Vinny Testaverde...
ARTIST are you looking for performance opportunities? hit up
Snapbacks and Tattoos - hahaha. straight up.
omg i know right?!
He who cannot forgive others destroys a bridge over which he himself must pass. - George Herbert
I'm dying
Editing..... Hopefully the mixing part is gonna be more fun.... A.M
": To hell with winter! Warm things up with our new February Swimsuit Issue and sexy cover guy !"
We had a great #Epic social gathering this evening! We truly appreciate all of our guests here for #Epic training systems!
Praying for energy this weekend...I can bring blue gatorade tomorrow night if your need the lift! haha!
A setback is God's way of telling you to slowdown! He's got the Stopwatch!
": Closing time of Metro will remain 1am no matter the state of the game. Fans riding home should use Gallery Pl station.
How did I not know you were a Florida Gator?! I'm a Gator grad too!
the fact that never texts me anymore <<<<
Let your new life begin, visit www.meatspin
I hate when my mom doesn't acknowledge me when I tell her something -__-
yeah stop that :-)
on idea of 'invisible college': Making grassroots meetings visible enough to make them fully self-sustaining
I just made the biggest sandwich :)
Well, we are finally melting now we have new lakes all around us - Lake Poodle Dog, Lake Fife, Lake Fife Heights, ...... :)
I wasted 5 hours of my time waiting for a tech that never came. 3 weeks with internet problems!
#celticschat WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU! :P
what??? I'm in Lexington ha. Here for the night
Our double punch drink is a peppermint mocha! Also, be on the lookout for some spectacular price cuts throughout the store... more to come!!
is live!!! great articles. check it out. www.elixher.com
: Don't hate me! My mom took me on a date... Haha
just finished my essay for school. ready to get my music business degree its killing me. good things to come. like the spaghetti im making
To whoever gave Nature sexual favors in exchange for my nice weather today: you are awesome.
since I followed and you were following me before that can you follow me on Instagram? @ sashamarie1997
Just got done with the last class of the semester; so glad this is over! 4 more finals before I can kickstart my summer
i just left your college :p
I LOVEE YEW!!!! And your soo AMAZING,just thought I'd let you know<U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E022><U+E327><U+E414><U+E418>
Thanks so much for following us!
and more testing
TGIF! RT this w/your fave U-Swirl flavor and get a $1.00 off voucher to be used at any of our 3 locations. Good Today only, so get tweeting!
Registrations are coming in fast don't miss out on your Ranchhands favorite session(s). Register at www.rawhideranch.com Yeehaw!
Yeahh ...And you ran home like a lil BEYCHH
Follow us on InstaGram for your chance at exclusive coupon codes and FREE designs! - Follow @ MWWdesigns
...and pinning nights are not in that category
Watchin Killer Elite
Hi Eric. I have an opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven area. Know anyone? Can you help?
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! !!!!!!!
Emergency car battery recharge meant walking to hippie lunch and new pea plants.
Thanks so much 4 using your huge spotlight to help us here in WI. We're a look st USA's future.What happens here is coming.":
your show makes me stay up till 3am every fucking night.
So sad im not there for it but enjoy its for sure the BEST night in the city and always so much fun!!
Dr. Belle Wei to Receive Marie R. Pistilli Award for Contributions to the Advancement of Women in EDA at 49th DAC
'The Distance Between Two Truths' the new album from MARK SHOLTEZ will be released on March 22nd through Beverly Martel
Ready for this laker game
Back in the city and greeted by continued good progress in post prod for 'Privacy'...all & all ahead of schedule
New postings on the blog....check us out!
Gave a great talk to the Corps of Cadets at Virginia Tech today on leadership. Tomorrow, the long drive home.
ouch. I tried to delete that tweet to revise, but you beat me to the punch. sigh. Pitiful...
Getting more than 4 hours of sleep is gonna be weird
You have permission to engage!!
Good to meet you yesterday, lemme know if you wanna hang out at C2E2 later this afternoon!
#thoughtswhilerunning there are people looking at me look really fast
¦ Books worth Sharing ¦ CHILDREN ¦ Tales from Celtic Lands Venture to the magical land of the Celtic peoples, where the spirits of the...
You're the reason for my lack of sleep; I spend too much time thinking about you.
the older you are the most your house becomes storage
Just consumed so much Benedryl you'd think I was celebrating.
Man. That was some serious
Earth is incredible! Thanks for introducing me to this band. Not sure how I missed this one!
On that same shit she want these bitches den go head Fuck it
There is so much I could be doing, but instead I'm on Pinterest.
good morning .
Don't NO Girlfriend Want Another Girl Tweeting About Her Man, Talking To Him, Texting Him, Thinking Bout Him, Looking At Him, No NOTHING !!!
Book your room here for the Gator by the Bay and Day @ the Docks in Spring, & Rock n Roll Marathon in June! Discount rates, great location!
You guys deliver to Raleigh, NC? I'm starving.
Seven Springs Mountain Resort Security, I do not recognize your authority.
The Big Bang Theory :)))
Want to get the most $ for your #books Bring them to #Bookholders Open until 10pm! Please RT
RT“: I always see things I really like when I don't have money -___-”
well I love you more (:
#fml I still have homework:(
hope you never plan to stop supporting her...
Joss Whedon wrote & directed it. Need I say more?
In honor of the great John Faustus, Youngblood wants to know... how the HELL will you spend your final hour?
The things I would do to see play at Chain Reaction tonight...
I beg to differ, LOL! Thanks for responding and have a lovely birthday!
Just made a move to brush the bangs out of my eyes not remembering I shaved my head last night. Phantom Hair Syndrome.
More to the picture that meets the eye.
Now available for photoshoots, films, etc. Book now! Reasonable, negotiable rates apply :)
Lost On LeMans at Fountain City Coffee Tomorrow night. Know all the words, <3
#Gratitude: paper airplanes, coconut cream cake, molly bolts, busy week done, sun, gardening, cordless blinds hung, dogs snoring.
Don Omar is coming to the #Copacabana this Friday night!
i was trying to be sweet... then you said that. ;)
Its a tit nipply out this morning. Headed to NYC for this mix session
How long might those solar flares effect communication? all day? or later this afternoon?
we're having a party. haven't thrown one like this before
#Wits tonight!!! I am excited.
Weird Morning. Had a good show, but....I just can't put my finger on it....weird. THE GOOD NEWS: PAYDAY! Gonna celebrate with Hot Wings!
thanks Carlos! You're such a sweetheart! Still have some updates to make but it's getting there :) great to chat yesterday!
Eating healthy is costly that's why we're all fat.
Wow! Would luv 2 C a thief walk in on that! I'm open for a career change, we should go to 1! I'll be @ SXSW the 11th Raincheck?
vinny is not gay
Timbers jump out to the early lead on the Boyd goal. Now let's see what they do with that lead over Chivas USA
amen to that! #SameProblem!
Thanks and for spreading the word. The folks at are stupendous!
Have you signed up for the NABJ Chili Challeng? Why not! Email Precious Little at right now for more information! :)
's Undercover Weekend kicks off at 3p! What tune do you want to hear?
Did you come in for dinner tonight?
Hearing either of your parents cry <<<
haha ok I just got outta the shower and I gotta run to the bowling alley, I'll txt you when I get there :p
injustice, it's ridiculous in America
S/O To Bessie.. Drama Mi Seh !!
Crying in the middle of english nbd
of what? im not 21, i cant drink yet bro, come on now smh
I promise I'll share. :) “: is this a personal dating game for Toni??? Such a rough job”
Just got an email from declaring "HIPS ARE BACK"..um they never left. They are a body part. A woman's body shouldn't be a trend.
You know it bro!
My condo area HOA is causing me to think bad thoughts today...what a Wed
Friday, friday, friday! Our favorite day of the week. Why don't you stop in for an after work treat :)
Chris Drury is not impressed at your last second goals
I love hearing from long lost friends. Even if they write a total of ten or so words.
You are too sweet! Thank you to a Great Girl!
"What if I ate my own hair and pooped out a wig?" #ShitSchmidtSays #NewGirl I am in love with you!
Go Navy Seals! Bush 8 yrs of a thumb up ur ass. Obama 2.5 yrs & u got him!
Let's get Real to drop some points here and the sextuple is on again!
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. -- Bruce Lee
Be dashing. Have fun. The other stuff is a waste of time.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Okay Charlotte Bobcats. It isnt funny anymore- stop emailing me to buy season tickets! Maybe you should pay me to go?
Where is the summmmmnerrr weather
I'm feeling the mermaid photo on your website, very elegant
Somtimes, people know us better than we actully know ourselvs. And those are the people that will make all the difference in our lives. <3
Just remembered I have a Starbucks GC from a student's family. Might have to stop & get myself a free hot coffee sundae after appts today.
saw what you changed your twitter name to and I laughed. That might be the first time you have ever done something funny.
Keep it g.
Desperado Gang is that Movement quote, period...
I'm pretty sure you've showed me him before.. lol. But I gotta get some sleep. Night dude.
I'm so over today!! <U+E421>
Kings PK looks good
Hi Scott, did you street hail or call to order the cab? RT: PLEASE HELP-we left our stroller and backpack in..
ok, well, that makes sense. :) It just really frustrates me to see ppl on the show who have no idea what they're doing lol.
Join today post highlight tapes photos and make profile for free we will help promote you to colleges
OMG YOU FINALLY SAID BELIEBERS <33333333
Congrats to on his AIA Baltimore President's Award for his involvement in community, teaching & D center!
I got it for the dirt
Hate it when a site redirects me to the mobile site, but then doesn't let me get to their full site to do what I want.
I haven't talked to nick all day. <
PS... Twitter is for passive aggressiveness
missing the peoples' county club. Enjoy!“: re tennis. Would have to be doubles. Stopped singles 10 years ago.”
Baltimore and Greene we are open till 2.... Let's eat people.... :)
Remember when the sun was up, that was cool.
I still am in disbelief at how easy it is to get up for work at 6:45 am when you're not hungover. (it's still kinda diff)
Smile in my heart listening to Paul Simon's Graceland album this AM. It's been far too long.
someone is always backing out on plans I just need to go out and do things by myself.
I know not of them, but I see what they do!
lol you ain't at school
Live every day like its BEAST MODE day! (to the tune of "its pb jelly time") -ITS BEAST MODE BEAST MODE BEAST MODE TIME!-
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Imperial Beach tomorrow, free samples of pie @ the watermill on 13th and Coronado. LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN!
Large commercial auditions put the "cat" in "cattle call".
o.O does he have some say in naming the babies????
In nashville, tn with and my dude lymeric
Thanks! It was a fun week. :) RT : Congrats on the success!!
It's also Gold Crown Night !! RT : CU volleyball tonight at 5 pm! Cool postgame giveaway so stay tuned
Condoms don't guarantee safe sex, a friend of mine was wearing one when he was shot by a woman's angry husband!
Should've ordered a Royal w/ cheese! They're wonderful in France!
just out of curiosity.. What is your klouche score?
I hate the fact that if you search up 'Beautiful women' on Google, all of them are extremely skinny models.
One of the #TheBestThings is probably proving a teacher wrong.
“: #SleepingNaked”~~~my kind of woman
UIS: If you received an email with 'New Secure Message Regarding Your Georgetown University' in the subject, its part of a phishing scam.
Cool video!
we have that for kids that signed up for it. I didn't do I screwed up ha
Not every word needs to be uttered; sometimes you must just hold your peace.
Both are good parts.
I hate when I'm alone in a dark room and my brain goes. "You know whats a good movie? Paranormal Activity."
Ya'll, 's mom reminds me of my Southern mama, down to the hair color and age. Hooray for kindred spirits!
It's no fun if it's not dangerous!
Thanks Jayme and Jenny for the great interview on KSHP today! Spring Break is so much fun at LDCM, come see us this week.
Shrimp steak liquor and paassstaaaa.
Ask why she supports the delisting of sniper rifles and semi-automatics.
Let that man cook with his acronyms lol.
not from being reductive, that's for sure!!
I guess I can wait for Buddy Guy a little longer. Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band is up.
What does Wells Fargo have to say about its outrageous firing of Yolanda Quesada when it could have sought a waiver for her?
Are you going to do our "What Makes You Beautiful" cover?
My tweets are now unblocked. Go crazy
Because my beef is with the notion that we can quantify our productivity. And in that I think we are very much in agreement.
Happy 19th Birthday....Bobbi-Christina Brown....Angels are watching from above. You are loved!
Will be ordering Bass's children's book for sure. Great share; thanks.
Anyone else in Westfield Indiana have a problem with Comcast internet going out for 2 or 3 minutes sporadically?
MT I want to believe: bit.ly/wNsaMB. Make Gingrich an ambassador on Space: 1999's Alpha Base then he's gone when it blasts
: lolz well im not a white girl.! Im a latin guy.! ;P
Thanks, Malcolm!
what do u think we will do in choir?
Teachers... take some time to relax with us during Spring Break!! ;)
whats up with goofy picture and 8th grade literate Bio, Get a grip yo YOU Suck 2 Tighten UP!
Happy monday to all!!
Attending Advanced Implant Topics CE course today....stay warm Denver
Oh, *elbows * I like him.
also consider at some point - I know you like food.
.The office coffee! So good. Caught a colleague chopping and making lines of the grounds with his credit card this morning!
First Tech rehearsal @ the new venue today --
All my tweets will have emojis in them now
yes & yes, though his pres was mainly about new SJPL website (v nice); the UGC thing was tacked on @ end.
Hello funky shorts, your mine now ;)
I <3 portable dvd players!
": Is ND men's Lax winnin or losing??"big win mr floyd next saturday they play va at noon in phill
Did You know we were awarded to be the 3rd most trusted and reliable moving company in the whole Long Island area??? Thank You so much!
that's awesome! Congrats!
Ever thought about getting your real estate license? Check us out at www.TuckerSchool.com!
I've been to a lot of the major cities in the US and I'd have to say that SF definitely ranks amongst the top in terms of levels of CRAY wtf
what's your email address again?
It's cool gurl, I'm just a hot mess too ;) PS the name is supposed to be sarcastic, but i don't think it's working LOL
Does anyone know of collaborative learning models for early elementary?
Should be noted that Pujols already faced #Twins once without success. Not saying this trend will continue, of course.
This band's new album = ballin' <3
abortion protestors have home phones?
The Rally for Religious Freedom is tomorrow at noon in downtown South Bend. Meet at the plaza in front of the Morris theater.
Sir Paul McCartney with Joe Walsh. Joe will do anything for good seats!
Now we're down by 3, and making this hoshitoshi looking pitcher for the Orioles look great! Score some runs damnit!
We have a new skin up. You like?
To much on the dome! I gotta get up
Writing Lyrics for a New Ninja Funk Song :)
Just rel to love!I will RT you
“A journey is like marriage. The certain way to be wrong is to think you control it.” – John Steinbeck
The time is always right to do what is right. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I DIDN'T SEE YOU TODAY. I BETTER SEE YOU TOMORROW YO
Haha im finally 14 :)) its about time now wouldnt it be nice if i looked like i was 14 cause apperently i look like a 16 yr old
what kind of dogs do you like ?
thx who sez "Just ordered Beyond Powerful Radio via Can't wait to get it!" Josh,hope I get the chance to sign it for you!
Fill in the blank: All I want this holiday season is ______.
Somebody find me a boyfriend.
follow back
yea. Me too . I must do Runa..
_ writing research papers can be a bummer_try citelighter to get them done quickly so you can spend more time with Frank Miller
Holy fuck! A flying roach! D8
I would but I'll be in Memphis tmrw.
Might be a special on garden variety hoes...
Thanks, Gemma. I would love to learn from your American Century module. Please send the syllabus, when you have it ready.
making a saladd yum
Hope your holiday season is a bit brighter today. Happy Hanukkah!
"hey patrick, ask me what a librarian does" "ok, what does a librari--" "that's CLASSIFIED INFORMATION!" ... "i'm marrying a library geek!"
Little Saturday morning boot camp to kick off the day! Nothing like it.
Pumped for spring break #externship at !
do you ever lose focus or intensity? If so what do you do to get it back?
CANT WAIT FOR THE NEW ALBUM I KNOW ITS GONNA be great :) <33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
We've actually got a heat index of almost 100 today because of the humidity. Boo.
They are idiots and haters your a beauty!
Hey-o! :) RT : can't wait to see the two best Agents out there on Sunday!!
In the meantime, shoot us an email to or leave us a voice message and we will return your call shortly.
oh shit true true.
#getsonmynerves when i don't have enough money for Hershey's (>o<)
Mr.meaty is on netflix.lololol.
YOU DESERVE IT!!!
Why is the whole damn ALCOVY HIGH SCHOOL on my damn TL?! Never get a break lol. Smh
72 Degrees and Sunny in Wisconsin today - AWESOME!
I miss my dad..soo muchh..:/
SNOW! hope everyone who was trying to get home made it out of baltimore safely & if you're here hope you're enjoying the white stuff!
Thanks to our amazing Advisory Board for a great meeting this morning - lots of fun ideas. Our Board is a big part of why we are FUN 4th!
Eating pizza rolls at night for three days in a row is not a good idea
4 FUCKING MINUTES. OMG IM DYING.
"Im No Role Model, Don't Idolize Me Idolize Jesus"
"You know, you don't act like a scientist." "They're usually pretty stiff." "You're more like a game show host."
I hope to god what I'm hearing isn't true about will smith!!
How do five gays walk? In one direction. :)
Today is interview day for the new crop of doctoral students at DU. I can feel the anxiety in the air.
he broke his eye socket? I'm not even sure how you do that!
ooh, we would like that very much! When will you be in the area? Mom and Dad are going to Minneapolis Thursday for Dad's bday!
yep but i would love to date u r the right guy jk but how old r u ???
When is the last time that you made a trip to the HOUSE OF BEAUTY? It may be about that time to see celebrity hairstylist
That Mitt Romney bullying story is crazy, what a mentally disturbed man & to think he got thus far in government
be happy that you are on the list :)
Drunk at brunch
My morning. RT : That moment when you walk out to your car and there's a epic bird shit on your car that wasn't there before
your puppy is so cute!
Cannot find any station following this. Where are you getting info?
": how are you? How's your career going!?" It's going, could always use more talented artists and urs?
Is it wrong for me to hope it was slow and painful?
Thank you for the helpful tips!
follow back @
no, don't worry it's not only you! x
In a philosophical sense of course. Change comes not from ideas, but ideas come from change.
I dip, you dip, we dip, I'm a little tea pot, short and stout!
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Better get your horse predictions in fast.
Next Thursday. I'm pretty pathetic but dammit I miss her!
Uhm you said we were leaving 5 hours ago. I was ready since I woke up this morning. Gaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh Filipinos man
RT if you are a Mahomie and you are online <3
Anacostia is a beautiful neighborhood with wonderful neighbors..a great place to live..come join us!
Try the EOS gamma, but turn down the gain in the color matrix, lift the blacks a touch and soften the knee.
have me in tears again... I love this episode
Looking forward to watching Dancing with the Stars! U both r doing a good job!!! :)
Tuesday is Mr. Rogers Day at the Children’s Museum! From 10am - 5pm, enjoy a day dedicated to Mr. Rogers, free of charge!...
Good one. And thanks for reminding me of tax deadline. Quick job for me though; 5 digits of income, vs Romney's 7.
Caffeine = legal crack
Just sold the wetsuit. Gettin money!
Departure is a total mind f$&@
Watching Beauty and the Beast and eating Chinese food. Oh yes.
One time I was chasing Boy George and Jon Moss down the street and Boy George out ran me.
Marvin Gaye makes me happy.
You and your hole mental family got delete so peace out !!!
Also I love that you were in something called Latin nationals. You are so cool ;-)
Thanks! I can't believe it took me so long to watch it. It's incredible.
I think I just found Mrs.Right
Someone should cook me breakfast :-)
yea but they tired and can't find it plus they ain't hungry!
The voice
so much to be thankful for
good luck in the contest!!
Come RELAX with me at the Mondrian pool, enjoy some champagne and complimentary messages 1pm be there
They say money is the seed to all evil ....Remember this before u BS with a persons money...
What's up people
Thanks! I am also happy to use the twitter app but was wondering if I'm missing out on anything.
"The thing about Ders is, he's supposed to die tonight. I'm on a real spiritual high right now brother."
I'm not even mad. Fir every person I get to say no to his promo, I win. It ain't going to stop bitch ass cowards like him, but
This conference call needs to end for the most urgent of reasons.
hanging by the moment
I no and it's been raining all weekend
Wow it's all Java now? I was on the last year of Pascal (98) and looks like C++ lasted until 2003.
At Amoeba Records LA: What will i buy? what should i buy? new KILLS? New ACID HOUSE KINGS? New PAINS OF BEING PURE OF HEART?
Im losing everyone . Great fucking life I have.
Gladly. RT : Someone shoot the pigs....please
HAHAHA RT ": Oh you're giving up Facebook for lent? That must be just like getting nailed to the cross."
The worst feeling is when someone makes you feel special, then suddenly leaves you hanging, and you have to act like you don't care at all.
THESE ARYA AND TYWIN SCENES ARE K I L L I N G ME.
If you are still looking, Fan Appreciation store at Brookfield Square Mall has Racing Sausage backpacks :)
Do girls have some kind of muscle deficiency in their wrists? Why are they always so limp and floppy?
In a pine box with 9 shots from my Glock fellas...
Gearing up for Turkey Day! What are your plans?
um. It's so god. Kanye KARDASHIAN
not going to school
alex somthing tells me ur gonna follow me today hhhmmmmm lets see if its true ;)
When intellectual discrimination is applied in an atmosphere of devotional feeling it penetrates into the unknown...
Great meeting 2nite at Tribeca Film Fest. I had no idea he was making music! Great performance and a perfect gentleman.
Can we rewind it one more time? RT : #thesave completely staged tonight.
24 days until #RnRAZ.. Stick to the training plan through all the holidays and parties..
Happy birthday to my beautiful, loving niece, ! xoxo
The thirst is real lmao RT : 7 Days!!!!! (In my The Grudge voice) lmao
Ruins have the road to transformation....
Happy New Years !!!!!
Asking a 4 year old to put his mouth on his mom like that and to look into a camera was probably foreign to that child too.
capabunga will be part of my stocking stuffer
at least the kid didnt spawn trap if ur not gonna cap flags at least dont sit back & pick them off. he was up in their grill
All I saw out of the corner of my eye was "I want to prevent orphans."
Can I just come over to someone's house with a dog & just play with it.. I want a doggy :((((
On the Kyle Busch plan....
RPCV/W Happy Hour @ Marx Cafe in Mt. Pleasant on March 23rd at 5:30pm!!! See you there!!!
If I had a hundred dollar for every time I said I want to get into this fall I'd have enough money to buy a baby grand piano.
But bottom line, bad conduct does not justify other bad conduct.
its all fun and games until someone gets hit in the head by a gnome with a monkey wrench+3
you won't break 100 ... Chop.
great quote!
I'm a cool and I watch kid movies with my little sister.(:
Have you signed up for our newsletter yet?Sign up & get all the latest info on our deals, workshops & special events! www.rhythmastudios.com
CeeLo is strangely low-key for being in such a weird Rick James-meets-James Brown outfit.
Let's start counting down to the first #BuildDay of the year. 32 more days!!!!
What we interpret as a "punishment from God" may actually be a very privileged set of circumstances, a gift.
baim, im gonna go to sleep now, its late. Na'night :)
any facebook buds left, OHC has a site "New Harmonies Ohio Tour". give us a like so we can get a custom url. pleeeze! thank you!!
YNN received the email however it did not include a link to your site or info regarding an upcoming event, or story idea
It's kinda weird going into a test KNOWING you will fail... Excel can go die.
Hello March - In like a lion, out like a lamb. Let's hope the lion does'nt roar too loudly.
Um, Santorum? What have you voted for AND believed in?
": Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... AND DOESN'T" Oh, how this warms my heart... lp :)
"You stood before creation, eternity in your hand!"
Kicking off the book launch of #MarketingInTheRound with and
You're too sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I need to go to El Aguave.
What is big hairy and can fly ?King Kongcorde !
Tommy Gugger is special - why? Hear why 646 652 2754 to listen and talk
Made it just in time for Game of Thrones.
. liked the post. The "Tuning Project" looks to be just another way for to remain irrelevant in its narrow focus..
If you complain, you will remain
web devs, change how you think and do, read by totally changed my thinking
3 More days left to get your orders in to make sure you receive your products before Christmas.
... naturally as a #screenwriter I have my own problems with "a film by" since so few directors write ...
I sure do miss my bestie..try and have a day off with me this week!! I would really like a girls day with my bestest
what are you guys performing on Thursday?
Be carefull using one liners when tyring to catch the perfect fish. We are the land of 10,000 lakes after all.
Don’t bother to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself. ~William Faulkner
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :).
whats up man, how can your t shirts help me out, we need bulk... Orphanz™
IKR?!?! EXACTLY why Creeper mom RT'd ;-)
don't be mad, but i'm gonna pray that it stays on your end and out of downtown. :)
you got it. Thanks for following!
Thanks for sharing!
this library is HAM (hot as a m'fcka)
#il1011 The halflife of a skill is now 5 years.
Get a twitter room please JK LOL congrats lovebirds RT : Woohoo I love you babe :)
weird man, I cannot export vid longer than 30 sec from my iphn 4s... did you upload str8 to utbe?
Totally sucked up that audition
"I was born without you. So guess what? I can live without you."
That's nuts! I made sure to be one of the first in line this morning. :) What panels are you looking forward to today?
Stop trying to blame Lee post-game reporters. It was a lame defense combined with a lack of run suppor that was the problem.
i definitely like animals more then people... they can't speak ...
Yes, catch-up we shall! I need to hit one of your crafty events sometime.
A. Lewin, Warsaw Ghetto diary, 8/10/1942: “Ukrainians, Lithuanians, & over them the Germans, stormed into flats & shops, looting & killing”
I'd like to welcome my lovely debonair husband to Twitter!
they should not have used the poster
Let's keep it rolling Chip!
You will be missed - hope to see you next month with stories of down under!
hahah Oh I know he should be home soon I'll let her know
RT 3 Weeks & change until #rally4sanity!! So excited for DC!! Sign idea? "I DON'T KNOW WHAT WE'RE YELLING ABOUT!"
Right? People say my teeth are white, but they are like half the whiteness of Rian's. That's crazy.
Remain open to Success, you never know where it will guide you maybe to places you have always wanted to go but didn’t know how
It is easier to fight for one’s principles than to live up to them.
this is about the time I need a twix...
me either! I think he was on xaviers and I was talking to Xavier.
Thank you for the mention. The word 'gratitude' is so perfect and I feel it as well!
we're an all electronic music label
Why am I so unproductive these days?! I have so much to do before this announcement! Argh!
“ they can have municipal” or kemper, I hear they are imploding it soon, much like the #Heat in the
you are sending viruses to people, if you don't know, now you do. Sorry, but I'm removing my following because of this.
whatever lol. It's alright I was pretty tired to. Even though I didn't work.
Leaders present a vision where as managers manage the vision. People follow leaders, manage instruct, leaders inspire.
Happy Mother's Day!
I understand now why the #Republicans won't stand up for change and reality...they are old and refuse to embrace change, hover-round bill?
Happy Mother's Day! To the best mom ever! Ever ever ever! Ever! The bestest! Ever! - love Jason. Next year I think I'll just BUY a card.
Hooray, #OpenAnnotation talk accepted at the #DH2012 Nedimah workshop on Ontology based Annotation in July :)
don't worry about it! it's not you! :)
So I'm about to eat dinner by my self <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I heard you guys bring in guest bartenders to do fundraisers. Can VGI come in to raise money and awareness for
I'm loving all this advice your sending I love it
Live at Salley Mae in Belen! Doors open @ 7pm
WE appreciate the follow Jean-Luc. Agreed: nothing is impossible. U need to be motivated, ambitious, & dedicated to your craft.
let's go rickie!!!
We also hv a moral obligation 2 stop people like U frm falsely stating tht pub schools r failing so U can turn a profit
Anyone wanna go bike riding this morning??
Life is a process, One step after another until you reach your destination.
we should let know he lost a weller so he can pray too.. <3 I'm so sorry for your loss :o
Am I considered an #og follower... or am I just considered Awesome? Probably the latter? Great. Also, call me later about Circus
Hahahah. So true though
sounds good man, just let me know!
thanks so much for listening!! I really appreciate it
It makes me feel better mentally, although sometimes it's painful physically, lol. I think it helps everyone.
A sacred marriage draws its passion from its inclusiveness. Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal.
Having a good day. Started a new banging track. Heard some great news in regards to a track. O yeahh. More work tomorrow.
You're my kryptonite
Working, masters degree, daddy duties, and overall trying to chill.
sorry to be getting back to you late, but yes weekend is on tap, we are running low though so come in if you haven't already
#SorryRachel that your so awesome
I AM MISSING MY PROM FOR BTRSEASON3 THAT'S HOW DEDICATED I AM TO YOU AND THE BOYS! NEXT YEAR PROM? ME AND YOU? ITS A DATE!
Cheating is so played out dont lead somebody into something thats not real
What does Jgod mean ?
your welcome lol
Gn I'm exhausted
Trouble can't you see?
My inner interior decorator is about to come out hehe
"If I aint got nothing, I got you... If I aint got something I don't give a damn, cause I got it with you"
Cheers. Was also nice to have someone else cut it for a change instead of myself. A much-needed little luxury.
Going to the game tonight?
Rally on Friday in Hollywood was a blast! Thanks to all whom came to support. www.savethelibrary.org.
Power Forward RT : Free Safety RT : tough love question : what's yo favorite position ?
I loved how when Mary Hulman-George was giving the command for the , she was wearing an #Indy500 hat. Indy 500 > Brickyard 400
I don't play #starcraft but I like watching games
it's *better honey *sigh* Lolol ;)
Goofball nation stand up!.....lol.
Making an appearance in the rec today.
Ugh maybe going to the Casino on a work night wasn't as good of an idea as I thought.
The Neelys are still on TV? I feel like they're always moments away from making out. Also, the barbecue looks great.
RT : Goodell: “A combination of elements made this matter particularly unusual and egregious,” ...
Loyola is in the ECAC in lacrosse.
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
#chartership Hello. Late & still at work but am trying to follow. Lots of useful tips so far :)
fun show, great musicianship, lovely sounds. RT Thank you for the awesome show last night, ! // cc
that's how we do it in my state (x
Will you #barackthevote? *ad
#This.. “ I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what's going on in my life right now.”
Boy is sick, which means I have 2-3 more days of good health. What should I do while I am still well?
Not sure what I would do without your tweets... not to mention your IRC gold.
One more post for the host! Eat the purple bitch! Lol
. Awesome! Don't you love it when your kids do cool stuff unprompted?!
Painting is real relaxation.
lol yo I still have that paper and film if u still want it
Afghanistan seeks Indian help in water infrastructure
#RayAllen IS a go tonight despite being very sore
Starting to feel drafty in here
just frrom peter piper
I think I've slept with like 5 people here tonight. #warts. I mean
Bynum looks like an old man with that unkept hair with all those grays! He's too young for that mess...
Finished reading #TheWestcoastKid by
I believe this Whaley fellow might be able to balance our books!
Don't forget to use #NCORE2012 when having conversations about NCORE in NYC!
I also never realized his name was Michael King...really feeling let down by my education...and wondering does anyone use their own names?
children nowadays learn tech skills easily because they are surrounded by it. We are the tech emigrants.
Watch out for our next contest! You could be lucky one.
but.... but.... it's ALL about TOOLS and ROCKING IT.... right? That's what all these blogs tell me...
WOW. WOW WOW man what can I say
ME TOO. Even more so when they're staff.
Next website for portfolio is done and will be launching after clients next fight
I told my best friend I was "kinda off" tomorrow. Her response was " you need to have a seat". Lmao she's right.
I want my team on Monday!
One thing after another.
re: last blue law... and this happened frequently enough in Utah to make it a law??!!
Shit getting ugly for the knicks
is #NEWPLAY talk better maintained w/o formal reviews? Agree w/ they serve no pos purpose?
Great having #GaryThorne back. This brings back some good ole Red Wings memories. Having Melrose on color is icing on the cake.
the attitude toward this. The reaction should reflect that this is a common practice; didn't.
Got a case of the Mondays? Mix it up with $1.50 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos from 4pm to close and $1.50 Tecates all day!
Up 11-0 already, no biggie.
Wow...Cats in zone!!!
Blasting timeflies and waiting for my last class as an undergrad...Im getting old
why u leaving!!! I never knew u were there, GO BACK
me too! Poor guy.
O is for other P is for people scratch a temple, the other P well that's not that simple ;)
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything.
are are still interested in contributions? let me know :) talk soon!
Eric church tommorow!!
Trying to make dollar out of 15 cent
With Mychal Kendricks now off the board, even more reason to think Ravens will go OL
So my lunch opened in my gym bag and spilled all over my work clothes. Balsamic vinegar everywhere!
No meal is complete without a Capri Sun.
well said and so true
Hey! Do you remember what happend in 2006?
very leftist. That's your message? ,)
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt & water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
The things people will do for free lunch. Free grilled cheese in exchange for your soul and a t-shirt thrown in your face.
try not to get arrested down there at
thanks for the follow! LOVE your restaurant!
Please give my mom a happy birthday shout out. She's turning 60 and Steve's most loyal listener.
I HAVE A PINK AND WHITE HAIRBAND!
Today's Sandwich: Tuna Salad or Egg Salad on a baguette with lettuce, tomato & a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili & Clam Chowder 50 cents extra
HOW WAS THE SHOW DIRT?
#ILcollab The session was lots of fun today. Thanks for your participation everyone!
Does the catcher even use signs when Moyer pitches? Can he even see 60ft-6in?
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is pretty good but someone could have told Oldman that he didn't have to exactly mimic Alec Guinness.
nice job on the fab 3 story and you look great on the cover congratulations
Dr. Chilton heading to the #WhiteHouse today for a roundtable on #hunger #poverty #WIC #foodstamps #SNAP in the US.
Congrats! MT Dissertation defense tomorrow morning.
I've decided that guidette is a good look for me.
Can't stand chrissy ole booger face ass!
#GWU #BlackHistoryMonth #Celebration starts tomorrow! Join us for caribbean day in
Season 6 done. Season 7 starts now.
Dude is CRACKENNN everybody up .
So ready to get my hair done after school.
Be sure not to miss YOGA tonight @ 7pm with Josh Plesinger followed by Spinning at 8pm with Melissa Reid from Fox 8 news....
That's rights Tyler Perry's new movie hits today. Wow I totally forgot I don't know how the commercial has been all over tv.
I have one of these for each of my (3) phones
because LSU will always beat bammer at everything
I never ever see you on campus:( We needa fix that!!
The editing process has begun =)
So I just watched like, 7 of your videos in a row and basked in your amazing accent, and you seem really awesome and stuff.
You have a nice looking Shiba. I took ours out for a walk along the lake this afternoon. Enjoy the evening.
Prayers to Japan.
. That was about imitating the accent. No harm in stealing a few words ;)
Happy Labor Day from Absolutely Beautiful Escorts in Greensboro
Weak effort by
well at least with president paul we'll get cuban cigars
can we do that and still make any money? Trying to convince *them* newer is better is impossible in some places
Are you following ? If not, come on, what's the hold up? They are looking for you to share ideas with others.
my daddy today was PHP.. ugh! >> RT : HTML just slapped my ass and made me call it daddy.
I Cried When you left but i got stronger while you were gone
Love Babbo! The Gnocci is so good!
I need more face wash >.<
I just want what I can’t have you won’t even give me a chance claiming I’m just not as serious as you If you only knew this is serious
Good Morning Cincinnati! We are open for brunch till 2:00 pm! Come see us..
Somehow you missed being in all the promo pictures that were taken Sunday. How did you do that? ;)
The lakers fightin for this win
Sad for me, but exciting for you - congrats!
Pure Sports Group Summer Camps 2010 available at puresportsgroup.com thefutbolclub.com
Well we greatly appreciate it! Cheers!
Damn Mikey You Gonna Let Talk About You Like That?? LoL #Instigator Hahaha
come on yanks
ABC's HD feed sucks. Not cool.
were are u movin to??
wish you were heerrreeeee
Only thing i like about my freshman year is that i played basketball, other than that it blows
I got tickets to see Cee-Lo in Vegas!!!
Holmes catch ruled incomplete after review...FG unit on the field for 52 yard FG
hi how are you?
why i am i #wathcing Love Games
Boston as the least-intimidated by Heat in the league?
I'm off tomorrow too! Teachers are putting grades in for
is finishing up a flat stanley project for his niece's second grade class.
Mitt says, "yeah, I like to fire people but PinkSlipRick? The name says it all!
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes sex drive by 95% - it's called Wedding Cake
So many things coming up in May, and I still need to find a new place.
please lord.....Even Carter will do. Spare me the pain....
Future-proofing metadata: automate data workflow; harmonize supply chain uses
yes! As a school librarian I always had the kids schoolwork out to check out. The patrons are the lib
I'll try, but I'm terrible at Ninja cam :)
it doesnt matter, id mess it up anyway xD
Thankyou to the amazing for voting YES for #oneunion #sagaftra are 2
what is the worlds' idea of clean coal (not low sulfur)? Is it just PR or what?
Going into tomorrow. Are there any keys for the game to watch for at the game?
Never ending slightly boring interviews.
Jesus, some people on here have some fucked up issues. I don't mean that as a joke. They need to stop tweeting & find a good shrink.
I joined! #38, at your service!
you're about to get plenty of that clock. Lol
i did!!! i miss you!!!!!!! do you graduate this year???
we go on at 930 man!!
Sold a lot of appliques today. About to sew for the next few hours restocking for tomorrow.
... or reducing the dosage of the antidepressant.
Lol I just sat here and thought long n hard about where my phone was and it was in my hand the whole time
Ouch. RT Calipari on Quincy Miller: "I don't know that he ever visited campus"; Miller on UK: "I visited campus about five times."
Happy new year!!!!!
Happy birthday to my wonderful friend !
Not a madonna fan but for u haters about her age what can u do at 50 or less
haha that's so something I would do. Love it! :) miss you btw as well as <3
Dj Andrew & DJ Automatic Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with Mc Dru & dj Andrew playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!
"Men also have feelings. For example, we can feel hungry!"
Hoping MU has a big finish in them!
The Pedal Mill just opened up for tomorrow night! Book your pre-turkey day night out! We have all 16 spots open!
Keynote Margaret Russel-From jets to jewels is the global authority on lifestyle #design WestWeek
sombody tryin to play me! It's all good tho.. Where u??
Get your shit together or get gone.
And I won't be here. :( RT : Just announced: Bruce Springsteen playing at Fenway Park on August 14th.
everyone please follow my new account i am not using this account anymore
Or service in the tunnel... Wish I could even keep track of the number of times my bus has been 30+ late while I stand around clueless
I can't say anything bout any team til the Bucks step it up. But that's my team though. At least I'm loyal.
Currently 5 guys are brewing a cocca & cream porter this evening, what will you brew?
The amazingly talented Kyle Morgan will be playing here tonight ! A cold drink on this muggy day & a great band? Sounds like a night to me!
Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on whats missing in the other person. ~Wayne Dryer
I read that as "pretty much erection". Sounds about right.
Same goes to you babyboy :* RT : When I see or spend time with &gt;&gt;&gt;
Congratulations Ada Li. For most impressive award at hypnosis cert class.
ha! “ Stats pls: 1) Number of Instagram accounts deleted in next 24 hrs 2) Number of Android users that have emotional breakdown
RT : Don't get desperate! Desperation is a weak emotion and it produces weak results. Be patient, it's coming!
#WATCHING "ALADDIN" (I LOVE THIS MOVIE)
Excited to see what you have in your SF Bucket List! ps You blog body text doesn't load on my iPhone. :/
Laterz kids I'm off to get my vitamin tank refilled ;)
#Christmas is a time when families of all shapes and sizes come together and suspend their dislike of Chevy Chase.
Our VP is breaking ground @ #piercespark today w/ and more!
coming over son <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I dare you to try and say "Toy Boat" 5 times fast. Retweet if you had an epic fail.
i think ima jus go get my shit from walmart , & grab somethin to eat on the way back and stay my moody ass in the house .
": . the #ACA will ensure your kids get the medical care they need. #Obamacare works"
Happy birthday Stephanie!
no. Idek what ima get into yet when I graduate.
hittin up dat beach on monday. cant wait
Already on that!! :-)
just got my new white itouch:D now just to stay up for 5 hours to download music to it:P
Emerson Adds Two New Stories to Award-Winning ‘It’s Never Been Done Before’ Global Advertising Campaign
Ut oh who was your first game against?
Yuck...lol I guess I got a narrow minded stomach!
what no way!! How?! She's wasn't even in there a month! Is Lindsay free too??
you too!!
It's almost graduation weekend! Pick up a handmade greeting for your loved one from me :)
WuTangs CAPPADONNA tickets NOW AVAILABLE! LIMITED PRE-SALE $10 TICKETS, $40 VIP TICKETS! HIT ME UP!
and me too:) yey
I'm planning my Thursday, hoping to win tix to show me the money!
I'm not gonna lily is my best friend and my next door neighbor don't hurt her please
#FF Welcome to the glorious world of 140 characters , Gary LaBranche !
It took face to face reminders to two relatives today to get them to vote for Nusbaum. Talk to your loved ones!
Pretty darn good, as the sun is shining, the wind is blowing and I sit in 5 hours of meetings today. :-)
Aww ok i was like wait where did she go lol. Do you still get the hate?
I was in denton the other day RT y yu m.i.a.???
you all quiet now? When I really need fuxking answers to cure this morbid depression, thanks
My leg hurts.
Karen and Ramona, are you ashamed of or embarrassed by your childish actions? It seems like you're still in high school.
bumped into my idol Maria Bamford, very desperately professed my love & she said "this business is small. See you in a few years!" I DIE.
Sometimes the key to sustaining your faith is Hoping without having specific expectations. HE will move, but in HIS way at the right time.
RT : Today is National Women’s Checkup Day! Find out about checking for #diabetes & other health problems from
lightning talk on check-uri.pl
I should have tagged you when I mentioned innuendo. #hello #andHappyValentinesDay :)
yo i like the radio show.. keep doing good.
Today, soup factories across Mexico are wondering why nobody in the U.S. is buying their fine product. STOP
Screw the Playoffs Part 1. Take in live music 2nite catch Backstabbing Good People w/ Baby in a Cage & Acoustic etc.9:30p $5.
Who is the RD in Thompson? Great family friend living there this summer when he arrives in June for summer school and workouts
ahh. I thought of you today when I was on Nachalat Binyamin.
Good morning boo
Thanks for the notes dude. I also read through everything in the book and took notes on that. Ready to be done with this class.
automatic curation of content = good; automatic curation and publishing of content = bad
Today is just one of those days that we realize how lucky we are to live and work in this beautiful city.
RT : Hydration nudge. Go drink a glass of water. H20 helps your skin stay youthful looking. Drink up!
u live so dangerously. Let me finish the classes this week and we r on!
Killed my first mouse, well, the mouse trap did!
Time is a priority. You have enough time for anything in the world, so long as it ranks high enough among your priorities.
Sounds like a cool class! RT : Is it weird my favorite class at Isn't even related to music? Heading to Visual Physics!
u still will look fine if you shave it off....
31st ANNUAL CURTAIN UP! 2012 is FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. (for those who really like to get a start on things :)
Nothing will work unless you do ~ Maya Angelou
I still dont understand that thing?
Be cautious of your words...they don't come with a 'Return Policy'.
I wanna watch a good dancer right now.! like one of the followin>>> , , , or
such a fun book. did you read pillars of the earth?
Monkey see monkey do!!
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
The awkward moment when your bro has a girlfriend.
put the call of duty down
those chestvtattoos hurt like a bitch though!
nope! It's not lol
pillow talk is critical then
Yea it does and that's great! I live guys like that.
On a subway in LA... What's next
lol you see you put "eff" and not the actually word though
I see a lot of people in work clothing on so I'm not so sure
i've seen my drunk mexican neighbors passed out in their yard for the past 3 days in a row.
I did too!
We look forward to hosting your event this Friday and supporting some good causes!
Intimidation factor increased tenfold whilst sporting a peg leg.
Optimism says I'm more concerned about not living than dying.
day two and I haven't been chosen for anything. We shall see
eeeewwwooo even i wouldnt go there
YES!!! haha that's awesome, I read the tweet looked over and BOOM!! Great show tonight!
What feed is your favorite to read from your reader? Mine is the or
A MOUTH PIECE IS WORTH A THOUSANDS WORDS!
Are you going?! I thought you had formal tonight?!!!! I'm so confused!
what the hell? When was this? and what was the occasion? dont tell me finally you had a "just because" date!!!! Awesome!
Having the White House in the middle of the most direct route to work is equal parts neat and annoying. Today it's the latter.
Looking forward to more Champions League Futbol this week - go Gunners!
need #oomf to call me 2day who is going be that person
..you have hurt people in your obsession! Broken rules..others will notice, how you and fat biddy there, HORDE other people's "gifts"!?@#$
did a killer chest work the other day going in today for some back
Thank you for a great afternoon!
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
bold prediction?
would you like to come in today at noon?
I think suicide hotline operators should encourage callers 2 rob a bank instead. Every1 wishes they could, & it would be a good distraction
I think that means you win.
We have AMAZING TALENT! We just held auditions for the new Coen Brothers movie called True Grit. Good luck ladies!
Don't forget your PLUS card?
How fun!
and me are jammin to Britney Spears on da bus! wishes he was here
Fuck bitches get money!!!!
Phone call from (undergraduate) student at MLS alma mater. Was polite, but not donating--I'll still be paying off my student loans in 2019.
Thanks for the RT!
"Where my Will Ferrel lovers at? Can I get a Anchorman #wheyoo in the house?" Indeed, he played the part admirably.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> omfffg . I thought I was the only one who thought this!
Did Boosie get out??
Here we come ! Can't wait to see you ! With
of course :)
morning guys
got stuck on Being Human marathon yesterday. totally missed Madonna's halftime. of course, she's long since abandoned being human herself.
Hi Kanye, haven't seen you around in awhile. Hope you are well. I'm from Chicago too so I keep up with my Windy City folks!
: Lol oh ok. Did u c me? I had on shades n a blk hat n shorts. U look betta n person 2 Lol
“: I want to move back to NC so bad.”
just came in from the block chillin with the crack heads thy so funny
Dang! She just won the female vote!!!
Yes, you are correct!!!
i just want to , ecs is too muchp
Keyes family tradition: watching Christmas Vacation!!!
Irish hottie from #gleeproject on #glee fuckk yes. Yum.
Ultimate Pics are Freaking Hilarious.hand sanitizer.baby whips.. ball tagz..nipple twisting.. I can't stop Laughing..Thank you
say it and I'm yours
Long day and another one tomorrow #NoRest Keep the #Hustle going..
A great week in London has come to a close. Good to finally meet some of you. cc Great dinner with a great ending.
You got that right!
I love hanging out with you too!!
It's so fun that they're making two great movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
Thanks we'll definitely check it out.
YOU IS A GROWN WOMAN YOU SHOULD'T BE SMELLING LIKE FISH AND AN ELEPHANTS ASS.
M brat fry between SARUP & LAP.
You gonna be around on Saturday? Cause we're coming up to CT. My mom is gonna make dinner and I want to get some revenge in poker
it was sort of an impulse decision. will y'all be around tomorrow? any recommendations for fun things to do in town tonight?
Sounds great (I wear a medium)!
where'd the quote come from in your profile??
whats bad luck?
did you d/l the mixtape
youre mean I'll jump in a hole it's less painful xo
Props to our collaborators here in Dhaka, who purchased our team kurta and saris to wear for International Mother Language Day!
blunts with my dad & my niggas
RT : do y'all sell accessories as well?// Yes ma'am! Jewelry, hats, bags, shoes, ties, suspenders...
#np India Arie wings of forgiveness
#FF Number 1 Kids Acting Coach
You a stupid hoe
I feel your 'it would be the third kitty' pain; I'm feeding a feral kitty, & every day it becomes more likely she's staying.
Lol you know I'm playing slime!
Rockin!! Get it!!
say no more
Debating al d'amato, and defending the unemployed, and progressives.
thanks, bro
ok, I'm done. That was fun. Back to work :)
RT : I've tried to resist, but a galaxy far, far away has taken control of this tweet: "May the 4th be with you."
do you have any candy???
you can do it.
New from the Mall: NPS is closing the Washington Monument indefinitely due to earthquake damage.
So Fuckin Drunk....So Many Asians
I'm going to have to check out Rev. Barry Randolph church. He is on point.
great job tonight hopefully you'll be back to the Majors sometime soon. "Don't Stop Believing"
A wise woman once said after the rain comes the sun.
people piss me off
KARAOKE tonight at 3 lions pub-shorewood
Ffs cat! I have NEVER fed you at this time. GO AWAY!!!!!.
Recently RE-acquired Stephen Jackson () will make #Spurs debut Saturday night in Dallas on NBATV.
C.J. Miles has just been beasting it lately. What got into that guy?
Tv is never interesting! #Stupid commercials
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for TLC's "Outrageous Kids Parties. Congrats to Songwriter - Stephanie Wallace!
History, Archaeology, and Enviro edu signage installed at Maximo Park in St Pete! BIG thanks to City of St Pete Parks Dept.
That is awesome! Must have!
What are the odds of you actually replying back? Only one way to find out!
I want it to be summer already! Can't stay on topic #hethinksimworking #ontwitter and #facebook looking at prom pictures ha
It can never hurt to play ball outside every once in a while.!
If anyone needs any xbox live gold check out my link. only19.99 for a 3month until the 15th. so hurry
Going to sit in traffic for an hour+ just to see #thedevilsdouble tonight. The trailer was badass.
I thank myself and smile when I realize I deleted everything that you sent me. I rock.
Don't want you to say yes or no to the worship of maybe.
Holtby is rock solid tonight.
Do University (Do U): Online resource for learning all things practical for creating and sustaining innovation.
Eating fish is more sexy than eating meat!
just hearing it now & I dig it. Cool direction for the band. Nice change of pace for the album //
Best Las Vegas Nightclub?
Neal!!! Just realized I wrote the name wrong...oops! I was watching YOUR show! I'm addicted. Keep up the great work!
Now we know that is called self defense RT : I always thought that picking up a gun and following someone was premeditation
Museum informatics class = awesome. Intersection of museum studies and information science. Perfect fit for my interests.
Why is it always as soon as we start to like someone they like someone else? & when we stop liking them, they start to like us?
#Libya has the only flag which is all one color with no writing or decoration on it.
i love you!!!
“It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.” some what
What goes around comes around twice as hard Gudmorning twitter world
Considering where you're headed, there really ought to be a warp speed/wormhole way of getting to Vegas, ya?
My twitter break is over. Back to work.
Waltrip grad at it again...“: Anne Marie Taylor Pitches Perfect Game. Bobcats rout SLU, 10-0.”
maybe that's why I fell? :)
Thank You, It was awesome to meet you and hear about your projects. I was talking to someone last night who is a good JV 4 you.
pretty cute huh! Hah and thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
yeah I know. Remember that one day we went to a party and Diego was following you and you were making him do illegal shit. lol.
Gimme at point #guarding, with me on the wing #athleticism and in the post #size and I'll see you
Hey everyone sorry I haven't been on in a while I have been busy with a bunch of shit but hit me up and I will try and get back to you all.
Are we a bit negative? Have a great weekend!
Its my unalienable right to figure out what happen to your sex.
And now the experiment: walking to campus - realistic or not?
everyone involved in the project should be able to answer "why am I doing this?"
FYI, the Cold Stone Sweet Cream flavored creamer is the most delicious creamer ever made. M.
u should be on there!!
yeah it's on there :D Woot Woot!!! I'm goin to the HOOT!!
SCOTUS needs to toss out SB1070-- but either way, we still need comprehensive immigration reform.
Anyone going to opening weekend at the ga ren fair this weekend? Half price tickets!
It is my desire that any persons who have read books from A Song of Ice and Fire should receive free access to HBO for one hour/week.
The world talks to the mind. Parents speak more intimately -- they talk to the heart. -Hain Ginott
Just saw a classic double play on SATV....
someone must of hacked your page was that a picture of little orphan annie ????
haha ya you are man
Check out \m/
I miss my sister! How was the bday?
Im a Make-Up Designory student in Soho NY looking to shadow or assist make-up artists or photographers as volunteer. Thank You
Spending day working on reviews, listening to news, and just about relaxing. Just got a call about keeping a bucket of water or filling tub.
Pastor Greg's Church, I can do that. Don't think Pastor Paul will mind.
look at your TL creep. Lmao. Glad you can tweet me back and not text.
I want one Too!! : We'll send that to the #fathersday gift fairy for you
tx for retweet. Gotta give up the droid haha. No I'm sure ur droid is going to soon do things my iPhone won't. :)
": What school you go to ??" Blanche ely high school
thanks for the #FF love. Enjoy your weekend!
Amen. “: we all want to share how we're working 16hour days 2 refute Levy, but I feel ashamed when I work "only" 8-10 hours...”
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> RT : Good shit <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT : Guess who passed their road test ??? I did I did !!! Souped
lakers getting that ass tapped
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! !
Three-day weekends are brilliant. Maybe I should just use all my vacation days (approx 25) to make as many as possible.
I have a life, it's probably about time you realize this & get back to finding your "life", instead of implying that i don't .
Tough to say, but the Flyers are the better team right now. Our team defense needs a real quick fix
RT Another thing that separates the Beasties from other artists: owning up to their youthful ignorance
#Top100Lies I didn't eat your chocolate bunny.
; going too sleep for real this time, goodnight.
free seminar in SD on 5/28 - "Business is Booming"... reg at www.businessisboomingtour.com using Ticket Code KK001
Brandi, we create custom twitter backgrounds 4 Pro Athletes. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if U R interested.
I'm not sure if that was quite how I imagined that scene, but oooohh man. Nuts!
Talk to me :)
Are you a fully converted dig comic reader?
no your ok I'm good I'm nicer then you are
Public Speaking & English at RT : Hah. Nice....what did you teach?
Your mom call my mom
Smile doesn't mean u r always happy it's accurately mean u r strong person
This account was not authorized by us () we are the real deal :) thanks!!
Duh, I would buy them!
Just saw the first patriot
Oh yeah... GO CARDS!
Mayweather vs. Merchant advantage Mayweather....he did not take let any of Merchant's pitfall ?'s bother him..Floyd won both fights tonight
green beer n' shit all up on that beeach son
What a beautiful day!!!!
I'm in such a good mood todayy!! :) :)
Hey! How are you? :)
Do it!
Looking for affordable legal representation? Civil litigation - criminal defense - family law. Call for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
God made trees, God made grass. God made you... a fucking dumb ass!
hbo miniseries! If I was a billionaire I'd fund it. Just gotta win the lotto
Opening night of festival. I hope it's good! If not, , and can entertain me.
Stop, I'm just ready for step 4: Fun! LOL
Exodus 22:22-234 "Do not take advantage of a widow or an orphan. If you do and they cry out to me, I will certainly hear their cry."
Congrats brother!!! Im starting a music inspired children's line. Would LOVE to collab with you! It will be a blast!
Haha, yeah saw that yesterday. Kind of jealous of that kid.
That's all for the show today! Check back with Troy tomorrow at 10am for a Stir it up Wednesday and a bunch of #NBA talk.
Cantor: House staying in session thru wknd if needed to pass FY11 funding. Hoyer: Give us a clean 1-week CR 2 avoid shtdwn. Cantor: No.
Lap Dance Body Workout Done!
Wales, WI? Thats about 30 mins from Brookfield - I'm just trying to make friends to spread the word 4 my biz :) thxs Tammie
I just found your response - VERY FUNNY! (Don't listen to the cat!)
a phrase i'll keep - fomo: fear of missing out.
We doing ur azz on sight!!!!
hahahaha , yeah andI also want to kiss and marry these girls 200 :D
Tip: Add fresh avocado to your morning green smoothie for a thick, creamy texture and an added alkaline boost...
I get burnt out too. I'm about to enter what I like to call "no" November. I dedicate a whole month to learning to say no!
My car is ready to be picked up. Nervous and excited. I miss my 2003 Camry.
Back from the post office
i am gonna sleep night ;) <33
Hawks win! Good night!
IVY: Check out Amanda French's website at amandafrench.net
Maybe I'll get drunk again. I'll be drunk again. To feel a little love.
T Monk says what's up had lunch w/him today
Hoping to get back into some journaling this afternoon. Have you found Smash journals yet?
My #ZOOM360 owned the Town Lake trails today! That is the perfect jogger for me!
Im cold un this class
i think it's the first time i'm appearing in ur icon lol YEEEEE
GREAT #HEAT WIN!!!
At navy pier.
I hate weak texters
I just got a long email about acupuncture.
Dear regulators please read the research/studies on fraud from IFP, AICPA, IIA, FEI, NACD, CAQ, etc. Thanks for the new business!
Thanks for the follow and thanks for all the hard work you do!
"I Used To Want Him Until The Day I Saw You"
DO YOUR JOB.
Goodnight all my followers!!! Hope your slumber bout to be as good as mine -_-z
C'mon Sis, Step ya game up.RT : Then she laid another draw 4 on me then won the game?!
lol I'm gon send you some tissue
well u could search for one then ask
put you to sleep after 30 minutes
I am unbelievably jealous!
thinking of you, following Syrian tragedies a few times a day, hoping things turn around for everyone. Love from Colorado, US
I would be most grateful to see them, Miss Dana! You are an artist of corporal discipline & I'm honored to have you on my TL
hasnt been a bad day..
Happy Birthday Dennis Bergkamp!
Why wait?!
Twitter friends, my cousin is in ICU fighting for his life, please pray for him, he is the father of 3 kids & is loved by his family dearly.
beautiful sleeping
That should be quite the interesting challenge while driving - be safe, have fun.
UW-Green Bay transfer Clayton Heuer to play at UW-Stevens Point.
it was my first time at a totally raw meal. Very intriguing - and I'd definitely do it again! Curious about cashew cheese.
lol ok then I forgive you ((:
Apolo Ono weighed 141 lbs, and leg pressed 1950 lbs during the Vancouver Olympics
Fantastic. Thanks for the speedy reply.
listen here lil bitch you would cry for months if i choked so dont play like that.
I think it was hershal's son, he wasn't around much....
Running a sectional with the Phantom Regiment trumpets today! Awesome!
*Shaking my head remorsefully* I don’t know. We’ve managed to find out is that she ran out on her husband about four months ago.
ralph KO'd my ass today
I agree.):
you play on ps3 or Xbox?
I'll be seeing Abduction on Monday! Opening weekends are to loud!! I want to actually enjoy the movie!! Can't wait!!
Glad to see Mit Romney's ratings are higher than Obamas
drinh thru Barry like we don't no the Speed! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
: If agency isn't giving you docs & you're entitled to them, write about it. Works whether you're at small or big media outlet....
Riding to the heat game tonight! Game 2
Ah!!!! *deep breaths... deep breaths...* people are so frustrating I can't stand it.
Is Lebron and Wade not playing as well?
Got my classes for next year gonna hate housing and interior enviroment
My current spotify playlist goes from to The Muppet Movie soundtrack. And it rules.
Purchased my new car. A fiat 500c who I have named Bella.
Cool, see you then.
Project Adventure Course at Columbia HS has 29 different elements and was funded by 190k grant.
Going to look at a new house today!!!! :D
Drake Club Paradise >>
Very welcome. We are not with Art Basel per se but we are included in all of their maps, info & our show is at the same time.
for a short time, yes. Now I have a place... but we have to move again tomorrow
To Gretta, sorry about your loss. I am glad God seated you next to me on the plane. God bless. Kentucky is beautiful OK best hair!
Couple on train in front of me is making up every other sentence of a nursery rhyme. Sigh.
The photoshoot for our movie poster is scheduled for Nov. 18th, 2011 in Boynton Beach, Florida with comedian Tom Rhodes!
It's happy hour!! Come on in for 1LB of buffalo wings for just $4.50! Happy hour is from 4pm - 7pm.
You tell me to go wit somewhere.. & i say hell no im sticking w/ ONE DIRECTION<3
Someone tell me a GOOD site I can illegally download some tunes and not destroy my electronics.
Lol were some fat ass niggas
Steven Pinker moderating a panel tonight: a look at the original roots of artificial intelligence, cognitive science 'n neuroscience
love what you do!! thanks!
I Cried When I found out I was pregnant.
After learning about event listeners in javascript = brain feels melty
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
I don't know why twitter keeps unfollowing you for me. Glad I caught it Amy. Geez!
Agreed! Will not watch. Seen it once. Appaalled!
Ah I know!! Wait are u in SD?! Come to the Marriott ASAP ;)
louder next time
set ur DVR to catch up and Duck Dynasty.
Did you know, working out for more that 45 min is actually bad for you?
Let go of yesterday. Make today a fresh start with a fresh attitude. It's a new day!
Tomorrow is almost certainly going to be a snow day for spawn, but not for me. (Snow days are un heard of at the U. -- don't know why.)
Don't ask me to stop at 711 because you need something and come out with a lollipop
love you more
The marathon of parties continue. Sunset Lounge It's going to be bonkers!!!
Mom, remember the last 8 texts you sent me next time your menopause takes over.
You are very kind, sir! Thank you! Watched The Avengers by Whedon yesterday. Rollicking film . . .
aww lucky! i cnt believe i couldnt go! i only live 9 hours away:( i bet u guys had alot of fun at HHI huh? lol
That should be stitched on their jerseys. RT Where did Aviles think that pitch was?
hey that makes me skinnyish LOL
My 20's = a learning curve. My 30's = got myself together...somewhat. My 40's = ? Countdown to the big 4-0 tomorrow!
Great time at last night! Thanks to and for a great time!
The numbers game on fb is killing me
#MaddenNFL13 just played a remix of the Madden 13 theme, sounds cooler, but both are good
WOW! RT We do need New blood in politics, I vote for
and what about me? <3
its moving day. oh moving day...i'm ambivalent about it and yet a new chapter begins.
Keeping busy w/politics & back working at the courthouse again and planning a trip to see my sister in San Fran next month! :D
thanks for the support! ;)
From here on out I am banned from target within 2 week of any Haiti trip.
And that is in line with all other polls before that CBS/NYT poll. It must be bogus. Is the CNN poll recent?
No bank holiday over here in the US of A but then everyday is a bank holiday for me seeing as the government won't let me work yet
Hackleaf has officially begun! Excited to see what cool projects next 24 hours will bring
I'm excited to see what kind of suits the guys wear tonight haha
if I see you at teen hoot will you take a picture with me?(:
if i ain't the shit bitch gon let me thank it. i'm the shit yea you the shit no!
I think im may finally be fully recovered from my bday now...
Tonights Twitter Poll (Please RT!) >> Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?
So amazing that this trip came together at all. So happy for you to have had such an amazing experience.
ya. its one game. itll be ok. fresh start if were 2-2.
hi babe.
hell yeah. A good ol fashion brotrip to start the summer off with.
Who pays the bills for the new non-profit news gatherers? New Pressroom Buzz.
Torrey pines hike with Good morning San Diego!
if im ever lucky to have a gf i hope she is like she always makes me happy her and
Love Exciting & New. Wait that's the Love Boat. Come aboard a different kinda cruise at Casual Encounters/Missed Connections....
Haggadah, A Norton Critical Edition: What makes this edition different from all other editions?
Will the Head and Shoulders Qualifier B tournament work today?
Excellent Russillo podcast today. Plus some sweet stats to impress the ladies. RT NBA Today Podcast: 4/13 www.es.pn/gBz5xF
If I buy 10 of those Open Hearts, do you think they'll throw in an autographed 'Dr Quinn: Medicine Woman' photo? Now that's a better gift.
Where are thou???
Haha why is that sad?:o
Currently heating my apartment with my stove.
Thinking of the person you would like to become will increase your expectation "mechanism"!
Want to win something from your show! How about free tickets and a trip to see it :)
Damn Los Angeles for this perfect weather... Makes me feel bad for staying in the house watching sports all day
Is Al on Twitter?
1:30 Press conf to voice my support for Property Value Protection Ordinance; banks should upkeep foreclosed homes
That list is faulty. How could you not have New Orleans ranked. They must have never been there. I have and drinks are plenty
Yup Yup I'm trying to work on a song now..lol
Sorry folks, it looks like my account got hacked and is sending out weird messages. I'm fixing it now.
We're not right now but drop us a line -- -- and we'll connect you w/ our volunteer coordinator!
maybe JoesquaredPP ? and r there
O'Hare Airpot with Kaleigh... Be Safe! LOVE YOU!!!
By thinking of the simple things you say to me that get me through the day.
Most outlets are covering the Junior Seau tragedy, but not yet (at least online). I wonder why...
Hitting the sack.... catch me in the morning for "SHREK the Musical"! LIVE on CW6!
Back in the Game with a parachute!! Good song!
I wanna go live in Puerto Rico cause I bet that my bf will sexy as hell!!
| Innovate never Pirate | We don't follow trends or competitors, we focus all of our attention on the customer proposition
At seeing florentina camerata and ships & sailing
dealin' with heart i dint break
#Health tip: Studies show the more acts of generosity you commit, the better your overall health.
I'm glad you know what wind is lol :D
Go girl!
Perhaps the occupation is not an activity but a status in question. Our very "occupation." Such a protest would not require phys occupation
Yeah - I just haven't had an appropriate situation to apply the infection language in the direction _I_ like to use it. :)
Gasol picks up his 2nd foul. About time we get a call
The idea that once you achieve “success” you will then not have to work so hard is not True. The opposite is actually True.
Windy today(:
Ready for this grizz game!!
Watch the throne is STILL being hyped?i like it but smh..my beautiful dark twisted fantasy didnt ever get this much hype & it was way better
Follow this lovely lady she's the best :)
Fourth cup of coffee!
hey, I am going to see St Vincent in a few hours!!!
I compare it to a really great reception (never-ending) at a fantastic conference. But you have to circle good ppl
Picked the graphics for ScanMan today! Horray!!!:-) going to look awesome!
Issue 107: , & The Kitchen Rest., lineup, local bands , Inversions, G.Green + more!
Wake n bake
I love you <3
TEACH IN NEW YORK!!! YOU'RE AMAZING!!!
you're dumb. Lol
yea whatever!
GOTZ TA GET ME SUM COFFEE!!!
Hope everyone has had a Mahvelous weekend!
Political advertising is disturbing this early in the morning, end of days disturbing
Lmao finally got my legit cd of drake take care :DD!!
Many kids with ADD/ ADHD respond well to touch in the form of hugs, kisses, and close physical contact.
If u are absent while I'm fighting, don't even think u gonna be in my win
RT : It's #AskArchivists Day! Anything you want to know about digital preservation or personal digital archiving! Ask away!
Learning how to shoot a gun tomorrow;)
Love a good night run with <U+E00E><U+E115><U+E415>
Don't forget exams end tomorrow Warriors!!!
I'm on the same pace.....
What holiday drink can you put vodka in? People of the internets, help us brainstorm. Prefer hot drinks.
I want a jeep :(
I'm only prepared for your pep.
Truth is beautiful without doubt; but so are lies
thank you!!! For nothing !! Lol sike !
You have no idea how much I really like you...
Just sayin', Jim Jones' gospel album is way better than Herman Cain's.
Hey fans my meet & greet pics from Solvang, CA are now up on my website...check em out!
i aint with your foolery
yeah, they talked abt her during production. There will be a nod to her at least.
part way through the cd proofing. i can't wait to share this album with you!
Best Vietnamese in BK? Suggestions?
gotcha! Yeah it's a bit pricey.
No. Hubby was on the Nimitz but is getting out so he's at Bangor now. We're in Kitsap.
thanks for the follow. We're interested in healthy food also.
Nobody likes Mondays, but we've got a lunch menu that makes it a little more bearable...
The lady sitting next to me on the metra just shoved 5 pieces of gum in her mouth. I'm going to crawl up the side of the train...
Awe!! That's sweet but I still can't believe you guys enjoy oysters!
I miss Shane Battier in a Houston uniform now that he's with the Heat. That lucky bitch will probably get a ring this year.
same! i'll message you around 9 and let you know when i'll be headed back toward the city.
THANK YOU!
I thought tonight we were brits??
I can feel #Friday and it makes me wanna dance even if it's with myself
For the man that has nothing to hide, but still wants too
Recycling in Seattle: Give them a quick rise or scrub. Jars, tubs, bottles, and other food containers need to be clean to be recycled.
UW is slow, hope they can keep up.
"Three witches you shall meet, along the road to your fate." Sweet God of Metal, this album is dramatic metal gold.
oh ok a
#Ron Paul suspends his #presidential campaign - Ppl are shocked because they thought it ended abt 6 months ago.
it's easy to develop habits. Good or bad.
pre ordered mine this morning :p. (seriously) but it only a replica
MT Dufas: signing a bill to REPEAL equal pay for women...THAT'S proof the GOP have declared a War on Women
So glad, , for the follow. Thank you!
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you
look at you all hatin' on cyborgs
Showtime! RT : We are LIVE on TV now!!! Watch, tweet and post comments!! We are loving all your thoughts!
Brilliant! Thanks for sharing that.
I didn't know Boulder had its own airport.
RT : Did you know...ALL donations we collect for the Month of March will be in turn donated to Medical Research which...
It is! It's also the Bermuda triangle in there. I didn't get cell reception until I stepped outside! ;-)
hello I tweeted you my phone died!
Not our kids that r failing but adults that are filing 2 make important decisions, says Cami Anderson, Superintendent of Newark
The Purdue/Western Michigan game was the strangest football game I've seen in years. And I'm even a West Ham fan.
Heat lose tonight, LeBron easily becomes the 43rd or 44th best player in the league. Probably. / Nah. Still top 40. Barely.
Bout to watch our new buddies, Built To Spill kill it Dickies Showcase!
Happy Hour daily from 4-7pm and 9-11pm to celebrate the end of tax season....or relief from the same!
yo visit and add me on myspace.com/magikentpromotions
Give some thanks to Eloy and Orlando! “: I'm really honored that the Dominicans have asked me to coach their national team
My happiness does't come from money or fame. My happiness come from seeing life without struggle.
Perry Ellis!!!!!!!!! More blue chips for the hawks...
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want, but you will never find one without a huge dent in it. Nobobdys perfect-especiall ...
Rob Thompson () 3/14/12 1:37 PM Cannot wait for an awesome dinner at with tonight
Fun fact: Jack Davenport & Sonya Walger were together in FF. Both starred in Coupling: he in the orig, she in the crap US remake
I put my trust in you.. pushed as far as I could go.
Observation: maybe because of who I follow but... generally #Badgers hate Sue more than the
that's one of the reasons we love Rachel though, she's loyal :)
best finals matchup to have never happened was Hou-Chi 1994. Dream was as unstoppable as they came back then 2nd to MJ
"Decide what to be and go be it." -Avett Brothers
mT “: Science is a process vs fixed body of work. The Scientific Method is curiouisty crafted into inquiry. #MNEarthDay” A System
Oh yeah! lets rock hmir7
How can Harry Reid claim that the American Public is supportive of the public option? What am I missing here?
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Cleveland! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I could walk in my garden forever.
Wow... That goal by kopatar... SH too. NHL playoffs have been spectacular
:) Thanks DC!
Tastes a bit weak but definitely drinkable :D
Where you @
Papelbon gets a save.....Back to the Celtics game.
why? what happened?
… and one by one the endless supply of WintOgreen lifesavers enter my mouth
I love when adult nerds review childrens movies as being bad. Seriously. That movie will be exactly what its trying to be.
Good Luck with your sale! Let us know how it goes
I completely agree.
sitting next to griffin, just finished some class work?
Appreciate your support! RT : bought my vintage Gopher Hockey t-shirt from today. Thanks!
#oscarwilde was funny. A favorite -> "Only the shallow know themselves."
Ill send you a few of my Mp3s Frank Tony Nat Type music. Message me your email address. Enjoy Time to relax and let me sing to you!
Man I want to punch the owl by my window for keeping me awake. Last night he kept saying, "Who?" & I told him, "Mike Jones!" like 30 times!
You say you have no time for her? Well Justin has millions of fans, and still has time for Selena. So what's your excuse now?
Cruel and unusual, Andromeda.
They can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out.
will be anxious to see it evolve.
All the new people i met taday. > its boutta be a tight as summer.
Nighty night Oprah : )
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed.
SO BORED, dont want to go to school tommorrow!!!!
We are pretty excited for our scholarship workshop happening this Friday! :) Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details.
what do you want on this laptop? i got it working.
Just woke up from along nap
of your dreams.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?None. The light bulb will change itself when it's ready.
has just cracked the TOP 10 on my favorite cousins list! ... remains ranked 3rd on my favorite siblings list
Sending my prayers and hugs.
I so love it when you cuss.
I just had a freaking dream my 2 friends was bout to fight O_o not gonna say which 2 tho ._.
I can't stand it when people refer to applications as databases
hey are you working around town this afternoon, looking for a place to camp at later :)
Ate a donut before my track event.
are you going out with Sparks on it?
We Successfully submitted 6 Complete Building Plans and Structural Calculations to Chula Vista, City and County SD this week!
great meeting you, as well. Look forward to your web series.
I was excited before...now I am freakin estatic as hell!
ok, finally opened up my board results--I passed!
Who will be the first to make a Tanya Memme meme?
i just want to run around and catch fireflies
what are you talking about?
I hv to do a interview and I thot it would be cool to do u so is ther anywy i can tlk to u in a vidchat mayb? need it by nxt tue.
rofl yea
Got Cookies going so strong, drinking milk while talkin on the phone, ice cream w/no damn cone...Got snacks on snacks on snacks
Make the money, don't let it make you.
I wrote my mom a heartfelt letter and cried my eyes out. I hope this works. I'm running out of solutions.
Thank You Joan <U+2665> (:
#SportingKC game day today. Getting excited to be in the members section this time instead of working te parking lot
hey Shanley! Am on the waitlist for the hackathon tomorrow but would LOVE to attend. Any chance I've made it as an attendee?
Creating a Legion is an action you can do right now to change America and the World!
Gotta run..this 29 yr old thinks she can kick my ass in class..so let me go rough her up a bit..I enjoy accidentally kicking her.
why does braun take such high practice swings?
James carville is the head ref tonight
Deleting one "ha"from from your "hahahhahahaha" because you feel like it's too much.
Bring me the horizon is become one of my favorite U.K bands those guys are the shit.
wow thank you!
Just confused about what just happened with Tracy's nomination.
things are going great at SXSW!
There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion. -Carl G Jung
Fat Tire Tuesdays presents great food & cheap drinks | 8PM | Acoustic show |
Hey everyone... just a second to drop by and say hello to my favorite tweeps! Hope everything is going well. See U again soon. :-)
Glad you liked the treats! RT : Oh and I can't leave out , who also hooked me up last week
They say snakes in the grass, I'm gon cut that shit
agreed, and I like it quite a bit. Your box goes out tomorrow - think you'll like it
- Wolf needs some drones in Canada. Save the WOLFPACK
Here's the deal! presents and in eugene at the wow hall ! Shits goin down, come out !! RT RT RT
lol, quite astute.
Only a few tourists left in the gym. New years wasn't that long ago was it!?!
Hoping the weather cooperates for a long run this weekend
yeah man we almost fell off a "cliff" until Seph showed up
Chris Kreider for Boston College Athletic Director!
So happy Jeff is working tonight
i have headache and i keep biting my nails we love you
Thanks for your support!
Monday means #Trivia @ 8pm! Let’s test your #Cubs knowledge! Who is the only Cub player to hit grand slams in consecutive games?
Good restart fitness program. 3000 strides elliptical @ 10/2 ramp/resistance Must re-grind 30lbs
" Post-Cobain is a genre? #ThereIsAGod" the deli la thinks so..i just like to tell people it's dirty rock
#ItMakesMeHappyWhen we play with really talented acts on tour!
Had a great time for a great cause with Helping fight the battle for ALS
Does the former mayor have the resources to do it??
Wow!! So tragic! God bless brother! RIP
Q: Is the term "Democratic evangelical" obsolete? ML: No. Obama can galvanize that group
did u film another #C2C video?? :-)
Off to bed! I did a test to know if I was addicted to coffee. I'm not! I can enjoy my cup of coffee without any worries, they say. Ly all! <U+263A>
If you have a purple dress for the ball jump off a bridge !
Good morning! Texting and taking care of business...it never stops!
Condo is playing a great early 90s mix. Normally prefer the beach to the pool but loving the 90s throw back.
haha yea all of them :P lol
no! Do you not see all the hair?!
gave up to quickly I know I'm making it far idc about anyone else
Had no idea Jay-Z said "pause" on "Never Change" back in 2001
Hey thanks! You guys have been doing some great work lately at the JS -- keep it up!
follow me please
then chillis! Wee
Definitely, anytime!
ur welcome. :) Whenever you feel like it, please feel free to retweet our news stories that get posted. Hope ur day is well.
Utterly floored by this dilemma...I thought being good at #tetris automatically meant you're good at all puzzles?
wow 100% off?
Thinking only about the negative, also thinking if I'm really goin to give up. Running on 3 hours of sleep! :\ and he just don't get it...
Received a email at 9:12 this AM. Went to buy it at 10am and the deal ended. Good advertising, guys.
Thank you Chris. Make it a good weekend..
I'm looking forward to the #Cardinals losing sometime soon.. Don't they realize the Pujols and LaRussa are gone??
(Also, awesome nerdy debate is awesome, and I envy the nerdy lifestyle that your suite [and Patty] leads. :P)
I know what my dream is. I just don't know if it's a part of God's plan.
thanks for thinking of us! Our blow dry clinics are the best. Call us at 251-9182 for more info!
Niggas a betray you before a blink of an eye.
Boom. Purchased #weenieroast tickets.
we are 3 registrations away from have 20 teams!
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." -John F. Kennedy
Thank YOU! It was our privilege. Everyone is still talking about that amazing performance!
So ready for the band trip thursday! Need to get out of Galax!
do you come to Kansas City at all?
Dedication means doing something when u don't want to, or don't have the means to... Find a way..
I'm just going relax, act like a girl, and look at wedding dresses that'll I never be able to afford
have you ever played with SVMs?
I have a half day tomorrow too ! OMG #meanttobe (:
what cha doing today?o:
SUP BEACHES!
Maybe he believes in a god that has no description. Why do you feel the need to define it?
Turns out lawyers in American courts really do stand up and say "Objection!" so good.
We are minutes away from the green flag at Phillips Island in Melbourne for World Superbike!
Remember that night all of our DJ's got pneumonia?
Who else is buying #comiccon tickets right now?
Texas is one of nine states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
Thank you!!
People at my school think I'm a satanist.
Great first half, but...Next year!
Win a copy of Byron Cage’s ‘Faithful to Believe’ DVD! Each time you mention you'll be entered in the drawing
maybe not what
awesome; keep posting :) what's the question marks about? O_o -confused-
I gotta leave you alone..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Thank you, we are (I am) a huge fan! We'll try to avoid abusing anything... ;o)
DJ Quadi tonight.... Edith on the Violin.....SMoking Hot Go Go Dancers.....Only 2 tables left....you know its going to be a crazy one.....
We're looking forward to it.
anybody wanna come make homemade pizza with me tonight/watch a movie?
there was some drunk kid shouting the same lines into his phone repeatedly at his gf and ruining everyone's earspace
Agree to that!
Tomorrow! Yes!
That's your own fault.Try harder :)
The "Luck" cancellation announcement you posted just ruined my day.
Ryan Kennedy is a nine year old boy battling brain cancer. His wish is to have his name tweeted! Please help him by tweeting this! Thanks!
All inclusive? Does that mean we get free booze?
coolin we cant be friends :)
Fair enough. I will keep faith that they will continue to write compelling plotlines.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.- Martin Luther King Jr.
So the Boyz are in LA!! Ahahahah
off to the gym, week 3 of running plan = complete after this. actually been enjoying it...shocking.
On the mound for the Dodgers tonight is Clayton Kershaw.
What the hell are you waiting for?
WAIT U WANT ME TO SEND IT IN THE MORNING?
Remember, Easter is about more than chocolate bunnies. There are also marshmallow Peeps!
Pictures please! I hope you found some excellent sh*t & took photos...or will we be receiving awesome stocking stuffers nxt yr?
I wont be able to control myself when #summer Hit! lol
Oh fun, the 10 m.o. has discovered the recycling bin. Discovered Lid dog proof, not child proof, & plastic containers make good toys
Anybody wanna bring me a pint of Ben & Jerry's "everything But The kitchen sink" to wash down some bad news with??
Tonight feels like my enemy.
check the stats
All those #clippers doubters need to chill. We came to play
I got you to 100. You're welcome.
To believe a thing is impossible is to make it so
For your Compaq printers you can either choose to use OEM Compaq cartridges or their remanufactured equivalents
To all our Bar/Restaurant follower...Tag us in a tweet and we will RT it!!
“: Patrice was a natural talent and had original ideas. Thank you for hours of entertainment. #RIPPatriceOneil” So sad.
Thx for the wakeup call I didn't set, Hilton Garden Inn #JFK. Ugh! Worst night of sleep ever thx to my lovely neighbors.
Thanks!!! We are located in Baltimore City Bolton Hill area.
I don't mind ugly art, I just don't want to look at it.
Was going to write something pithy about the debates, but looked at all the headlines and got too depressed. Will drink instead.
have you heard from your parents? Are they ok?
Fitting the season would end like that. Ugh. Still proud to be a Badger.
ah u look great in that pic I look like garbage !! haha.... I miss random and always fun nights with you. reunion??
great looking mug! On the dog I mean
one of the mysteries of life, considering
great work on the presentation guys!
wait did i miss something? I thought u guys want 2 work it out...or is that only for the camera? idk its kinda mean..
RT : THE STATE: MIDNIGHT! Tomorrow night! April 28! Scott Pilgrim vs. The World! Only Six bux!
for sure. I'll take it...I hope we come home and play just as well...and it's not like coming home to
Last point of your marketing plan should be "What Else?" Always leave yourself open to creativity beyond what's known/expected.
REALLY !!!!??? Fuck !! There goes my proposal idea
agreed! pick a topic you love. Remember you will be working on this project for 9-12 months!
Know what you do. Do what you know.
we can't wait either!
Robin Thicke - I'm an animal. On blast and on repeat.
I hope Vanek is dealt in the offseason. He's had a horrendous 2nd half of the season.
same, same. g'luck on your run. let's link soon, neighbor!
If you're in NOVA, I've got power and laundry facilities. In Crystal City.
42 percent of gamers are now women
Hey, my agent was there! - Did you see her there?
The fanny pack is coming back? Hipsters please stop wearing bad fashion ironically! This is your fault.
bring me some!
The post office is closed today but The Metta Space is OPEN. DIAL/MMS 619-219-0742 for inquiries
me and are here! This snow is bs!
like holy shit you're fuckin retarded
Mad how you can be getting into someone for ages, stop speaking, then start speaking again and find out there now a dad...
Greetings! Stellar roster you got there... Give us a listen?
Funny how my old highs are suddenly my new lows
there is as is i tweet a hearing on the the school buget that i am about to attend tweet questions that i could ask
It's coming together nicely. i'll send you a link when its ready
RT : Rt GeorgeSchroeder: Oklahoma issues statement confirming president, AD met with Pac-10's Scott, Weiberg in OKC.
Did you ever do lecture 35?
I had a nearly optimized Amazon in D2 when I was in college, and it took forever to collect and trade for that gear.
thanks Matt! We miss you!!
*happy dance* We have predictions of beautiful weather through next Tuesday! Keeping my fingers crossed for Memorial weekend.
I LOVE Poutine! I'm in the office today - otherwise, I would be there in a heartbeat. M chips, cheese curds and gravy.
How did this happen?
Interesting that shoppers are not typically candidates for the Tiffany & Co. peeps.
At the Cask for the Boston Globe event Inside The Collapse
ahahahaha :D okay then ^ . ^
did you see my buddy at the rosie show today?! my worlds, they collide. xo!
apparently, i had A LOT of time on my hands (to tweet and fiddle around on the internet) before i had two jobs!
And how does that make you feel?
Rudder-Roo3 was a blast! So glad to rock out! Busy week ahead a lot of MAJOR things happening right now! God Bless :)
do you say drinking fountain or bubbler?
here u go... Lol
God, your tweets are so boring lately.
apparently captured every fight or disagreement at BASHH. lol cc
Thanks for the RT!! Hope you're having a good week, so far :-)
they growing up so fast lol
idk, i just said that to sound threatening.. oh well.
Its interesting seeing different sides of people
you would be the same age.
Ladies...goin out in public in your dudes bball shorts/shirt isnt fly. ESP when u dont shower or wear makeup. Drake has y'all actin ratchet.
shut up. I hope Austin or Zach kicks your ass, you're annoying as fuck
When did it become socially acceptable to tell a company's employee that you hope that company goes out of business? 1/2
S/o To My DJ Yeah, Best Dj the streets Had in a minute if u ask me!!KEEP HOLDING IT DOWN YOU NO I GOT YA BACK
Nothing like watching the Vols have this moment against little brother. Is Candy the most overrated hoops program in country?
really? I totally love when that happens..
how long are you in cleveland for?
Great to see my buddy's band (Sugarland) play last night. Thanks for the hospitality y'all! I was blown away by the whole thing....
Tune in to GoodDayNY on Fox 5 in AM. I'll be on just after 8am w/ news on fight to get City to release cancer data for 9/11 first responders
"The Ultimate NPR Workout Mix": A thing that exists, apparently.
You need a facebook page now too.
The two cardinal sins of sales: not #listening & talking too much; what are you doing about it? SeanLetwat
Alternatives to dead end status quo cynicism.
Wow, indeed.
You gotta funny way of showing it.
Where you at girl?
thats true. See everything happens at its time. Finished your school now you ready 4baby! Happy mothers day 2wifey.
Aaron Rodgers has just broken Brett Favre's single season touchdown record with the Pack. What shadow?
Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember. ~Author Unknown
You guys smell like regret and alcohol.
Great shirt, was it disco night?
Hi Mirian nice to hear from you
About to smash a bowl of Peanut Butter Crunch! :-)
Day 2 : 90 Min Imperial IPA, Ta Henket, Tweason'ale (gluten free), Noble Rot to kick off.
What Thomas Edison's Mother might have said to her son: "Of course I'm proud that you invented the electric light bulb. Now turn it off...
Painting my first Christmas card in August? Hm. Gonna be interesting twist on a not-so-traditional Christmas tree. Happy pre-holidays!
HoW dO come up WitH CoNTent IdeAs? IDUNNO... HOW DO?
Living the
Morning Ms. Jen! Hope you have great day! Coffee soon!!!
Byrne's Grilled Pizza, Cutiepie's and the NY Slice” congrats! You win!! Thanks for playing #Indy!” Yipee!! Thank you!
Starting to get excited.. The Black Keys.. great friends... and a socially acceptable heavy drinking night!!
Let us know what you think.
Aren't there also just one or two women speaking too? #bmorefail Anywho, my wife is there.
riding bike in NYC with waterproof fisheye video mounted on my head.
Pretty gay that it took Obama so long to endorse Same-Sex Marriage.
Laying on the beach in Dewey .... with no pants .... waiting for today's edition of the AFTERNOON DRIVE with Glenn Clark ....
R.I.P. Bob Marley
An amendment in the House combined the preliminary hearing with the transfer hearing
Carolina v. Duke day is like Christmas morning all over again.
Wonder what kind of crazy show Greg came up with
Lawyers in talks to possibly drop charges against the former leader of IMF Dominique Stauss-Kahn. Meeting tomorrow.
yes moving to Lincoln Park by Clark ad Armitage and living on my own. Are we going to be neighbors?!
Wolf approached me... Whipped out flashlight & buckknife. Watch him run off like a bitch.
- well, if I have a choice to watch boxing from row 1 vs. football from the nose-bleeds, I choose boxing, even tho I <3 football.
Hey ... Let Fish know that I too only slept about an hour and a half. I feel his pain. Ugh..
Prime 112- Miami- Fried Orioles- most amazing treat ever :)
go away or we shall taunt you a SECOND time.
To be honest Mrs. Strong I haven't listened to you all year -__-
Last minute thing my nigga but I did not go I was on my way but nothing.
The Streak 10 Pro is only available in China at this time. We continue to evaluate other regions, but can't divulge roadmap plans
today's #collectiondevelopment starts with re-ordering Faye Kellerman.
Dance Instructor? Having an event? Give us a call (410.990.0005) to find out how to get FREE Shoes and Gift Certificates! Free Rox :-)
Kia exec talked so long the players literally cannot stand up any longer. Nadal actually leaning on net...And here come the chairs.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Montclair in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
June 3 at I'm guest bartending to win money and a trip to Vegas!! Everyone gets 1/2 off their bill! 9pm-2am spread the word!!
Loose cows.
Deep and heavy conversation at the casa tonight.
the pink bear at the side or the little pink thing in the middle that looks like its gonna eat ya <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
That's how you open a set. Seven Below. Alpine '04.
Roses are red, violets are blue. 11:11 was great, but say somethings gonna be better.
Guess you can graduate ;) MT Thanking my fave #librarian you've taught me so much, like where the books & movies are ;)
i hate seeing all those little squares that are supposed to be picture-animations on the iphone
going through it, telling my story was worth while!
If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
Took my Wheaten Terrier 14yrs to vets. Still in great health!
Thank you man! Absolutely will :-) " The Present Future is great work. Check out www.richarddavia if you can."
Agree! RT AWESOME time at POPULAR book launch with
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free
Happy New Year!
and see when austin is huge, we can say that we were there to have little private concerts with him every friday
he had one two years ago, shrug
Day of silence for my Nigga TC.
KML supports altitude data!
which comes first permission from building owner or beginning process of permit from city. trust me chicken and egg.
Feeling great today!!! Ear ache gone, dropped a few pounds to save my knees and stomache starting to pack up. 40 Bitches da New 20!!!
On the bus to OIA Champs, TRIALS at Kaiser... #weONone !
winner winner chicken dinner. L&R fronts
I'm 15
I think I'll give up on finding who drunk dialed me for now. He obviously don't want me to find him. Even though it was incredibly awesome.
"That dress."
missin you. but not the desert.
agreed on White Stripes, considered Nirvana on snl but Kurt was so junked out, Nirvana did a great mtv live set that was better
It's a Super Science Saturday Heart theme at The Bakken! Come visit and celebrate Valentine's Day the right way: ~Scientifically~
if i seen one i will for sure i usually seen them in the summer :)
thanks, hope you enjoy the photos.....
Haha. True. True.
Wish it was permissible to wear a dress to work tonight... you should always ring in the New Year in something fabulous!
Before i sleep im always either listening to music or thinking about photography.
-- Is he a junior?
Anyone hear how is doing after his surgery?
USA men earn Olympic ticket after qualification victory over Canada: Long Beach, USA – Beijing Olympic gold medalist the United State...
Very irritated about to take a hot shower abd go to bed.
thank you for the extension.
Haha! RT I see a big sprint in my immediate future
Good stuff!
Angry birds always gives you something useful in 5 min. How can we do that in the classroom
Thanks for following! Hope you're having a great weekend!
Alright pretty good. Where have you been haven't seen you around in a while
Likewise, proud of you! Its always a blessing to you and the family. Love yall!!!
My boy walked in the house wearing Aviators..and we did the 'I feel the need,the need for speed' handshake from Top Gun.
For a few more days, try our current slice of the week: thinly sliced pancetta, fresh tomatoes, and ricotta.
a lil too real, so the opted out
Flipcup today at 2pm ! We need more sign ups! Spread the word $10 per person we provide the beer!
Day #9: Wearing my first repeat outfit to rehearsal.
blah blah blah blah
Actually its truth. the world is full of hater.
did I ask you to spam me?
Don't have a problem with Charlie. He's always treated me with respect and is passionate about program
I'm on hold right now. Firstrowsports.eu all the links and one of them will work. Can I get a jersey if it work? :)
thank you for the ideas! We're always looking for more ideas to put the xocai high antioxidant shake mix in.
you gotta get out of the house
it made my day(:
beri you are a tit, but a funny one...I'll be tuning in tomorrow.
you got it chica!
haha. I agree.
Thanks! That just might make the Weekend Wayfinder tomorrow.
Wow so windy in the Cuse today!!
You bet I heard it. He was great. Bring him back for another interview
lunch was great... back to work! www.triumphmasterscommission.com
naw cuz they cheating but they will win when g hill get n da game
I will definitely try. I'm speaking at 4:00 in room B. By the way, Charlottesville City uses the product i'm presenting.
If you are tweeting right now and it's not about Whitney Houston, you are dead to me.
It's a reason i stopped following Paul George smh he a softee...
true, loved the Kittles comparison afterwards
I hear you, just wanna get it done! lol.
Was The Best Day Of My Life!! Finally Met You Yesterday :)
Good morning! :-)
nothing never mind lol
Omg what happened to jason lee
AK Guard spokesman: 39 yo AK Nat'l Guardsman Jason Johnson is still working for the Guard after he was indicted for embezzling nearly $230K
happy birthday boo. <U+2665>
New Makaras Pen song "Sixfouronezero" up now. Stop by for a listen and say hello if there is anyone left out there in myspace land..lol
Wanna see your husband cry - turn on NBCSports, they are showing Brian's Song
I am an actor in Los Angeles and often told I look like Sal. Please check me out and forward my info if possible. Thanks!
Hard to watch painful theatre that is meant to be comedic:(
Newegg sale on Scansnap this AM. Pulled the trigger. Be here tomorrow. Excited.
97-year-old woman requesting police assistance to collect insurance information from man who hit her car with a cart.
Real shit if RONDO had a jump shot he might be the best PG in the league
Excuse me bartender, there's too much liquor in this drink.
This move towards a less hierarchical organizational design seems more intuitive than the traditional top-down structure.
rondo fucked around and got a triple double
North American media release today announcing the official launch of Web-e-Books and Cache-It. Search The Tri-Screen Connection anywhere.
Absolutely! Being a photographer has brought me places to see things that money can't buy.
i am sorry i think someone got in your account or i ead something u wrote i dont understand twitter yet god bless
Can't wait for college! U say I have no idea and say I'm dumb thanks ur great mom
#ItGetsMeMadWhen bitches used to laugh at me in payless.. BITCH YOU SHOPPIN HERE TOO!
Novak may look like he's from Twilight but that's his third 3
#MovieFactOfTheDay Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves.
Been wearing my dbno bracelet lately to help get through rough times
wtf how does one get those people to play a show at their high school
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and buy organic! Average American consumes several gallons of pesticides a year!
The Packers remain undefeated AND N. G. is kickin' booty at the polls? Could it be the world is NOT going to hell in a hand-basket...yet?
My favorite document-based database is a Rails view with no dynamic content
Oh yes, we would love to be considered!
“: I DOMINATE Twitter at 2:22 am Pacific Time.” I DOMINATE retweeting you at 2:24 am Pacific Time.
come on rany the situations and batters completely diff.Offensive matrix only slightly diff for 1st 2nd no outs and 2nd 3rd 1 out
Yes, make it a #HappyHumpDay my friend! :-)
I need twitter tutorials asap papi
Its like I won the devils version of 649.
ugh yeah I just beat your new score because you suck!
Not gonna be @ Plan B this thurs. I was contracted a while back else where for New Years Eve. Have a safe one ya'll!!!!
even smaller than you think! I am 's pal from high school, and Nancy Chandler's sister in law.
So tasty!
His house?
seriously crazy day/night... tomorrow rest/wake repeat :)
I feel you, and I miss you
Complex [sound] synthesis...the name says it all.
Select Holiday wines now $10, all Holiday Lolita 50% off, plus stop by and stock up on your Bowl Game snacks!
Grammar: the difference in knowing your shit in comparison to you're shit.
come hang! the hockey scene just started!
Why is it so hard to figure out how to get anywhere!? Ug. I think I need to take #10 from Brookfield Sq to Downtown.
lost my phone. think i have pinkeye. but hey, the sun is shining.
“: TRUE or FALSE: Your underwear should be chosen to match your outfit and activity. RT w/ your answer!” TRUE!
wish I could...lunch days, unless I come in early to work are tough! Kate you down here?
True guy friends are friends that can cry together in movies, and not feel really gay
Dancing with the Stars again tonight
pretty sure their contract only allows ristretto...
Just reached home and my parents are listening to some random 80s malay singers
TOMORROW IS 420 MY FAVORITE HOLIDAY.... TO BAD I DONT SMOKE ANYMORE....
i gave a homeless man two dollars today, i pray that he does the right thing with the money i gave him
RT : RT : But it's time to take back our nation. If we can survive until November>don't wait, stop feeding beast now
No, thanks though. Sometimes I forget that I'm not as young as I act most of the time.
I can't I'll have to go down 2 stairs
Wish I could be there with you guys!
have fun and work hard in Seattle, Mark. And say hello to the guys at Starbucks for me!
Seriously?! Hacked again
I was too excited to wait until joe gave me your email. <3!
We can certainly second that! RT : you should try
Great. Let me know if anything interests you or if you want to write a piece. No insult if not. But I interview well. :)
That was a ridiculous global warming Ford ad...
And its beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart
@ I saw my bro staring at s pic Yuck
and I love all of you!! :)
Was just told I better take off my sweater or I would get a pat down
oh I see..so how have you been?
These Denver fans are hype, but they're going to lose though
Dwight Howard officially supports Stephen Colbert for president
congrats and we'll deserved!
Drinking at work, with co-workers. O_o
she said relax lemme do ur makeup...lol *relaxes*
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont i wouldn't sleep with you, there is no price tag on my vagina....
good morning mag and friends, happy thursday to you
Life is funny sometimes and throws you these hilarious little curveballs. But through it all, you have to see the humor in it and just LOL!
getting ready for my dads wedding.. so exciting! :)
well...you see, I already ate some, and threw the rest away...
Good night
awww! i love you too! <U+2665>
Need to create incentives and rewards for sharing science. #nielsenduke Positive feedback loops are important.
Nashville here we come!!
I love life but sometimes its a pain in the ass
congrats Big Guy, you will have a blast!! I just hope to see you wearing the Kentucky Uniform. Go Cats!!
Holding her hand in public is just another way of saying you're proud to have her
i play daniel triton
Good for her!!!
I don't wanna talk about. Next they'll say the fluoride is rotting our gums (PS IF THERE IS AN ARTICLE ON THAT, DO NOT SHOW IT TO ME)
of course u can
Love the cameo on Grey's Anatomy this week!
Mrs. Kirsch&#39;s World History: Nations of the World - Animaniacs
I love u
maybe you sound just as hardcore as me you live in green bay
What a day to be a historian!!!
are you at the Batavia invite?
looking forward to the #graphicscanada and #graphexpo tradeshows. Is this a year of #web_to_print ?
Love my kiddos. Honor roll and Raydon got The Governor's Award for Barlett JROTC.
thats how i like it boi
I strongly dislike ignorant obnoxiously loud people, actually despise is more like it
Hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch... Thanks NKC! I had a great time visiting with my colleagues. We should do that more often.
ah I miss you too! Great band, hope you're doing well :) still in dc?
Chicago's Air & Water Show must be coming up. Jets are roaring overhead -- rehearsing.
hey...the wifey had car trouble so I don't know if i'm going to make it down early enough to get over there. I'll keep you updated.
Prepping for the Manhattan Monologue Slam (www.mmslam.com)? Check out the selection at MonologuesToGo.com!
Good Morning World !!
#Holla :) I think should join us for some spring festivities.
Chicago with Warren Weigratz July 1 on the BMO Harris Pavillion at
#nccetl how well would teachers do on technology assessment? Is accreditation system keeping pace?
What's in common is what matter.
Dewey issues memo to its lawyers, encouraging them to seek work elsewhere according to my story online.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
Just got a Hawkeye tattoo on my calf to match Coach Bielema's. Partners for life.
Anyone having a single thought of violence or hatred against anyone in the world is contributing to the wounding of the world Deepak
I hope you were there to volunteer for
Thanks Susan--I'll check it out.
Shit is wicked on dez mean streets none of my friends speak! We all tryin to win!
oh boy. Lol
Kinda awkward that Posada is catching.... considering hes not in the starting lineup.
Whatever you want out of a relationship make sure you can give.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. William James
i cant wait bro, gonna be so EPIC... Kobe gonna punch a cheerleader yo, watch!!!
I love taking naps after school ;)
Ladies Rock Camp 2011 dates are official!: February 19- 21(President's Day weekend) School. more info: girlsrockcampaustin.org.
Hm maybe i should parody "Dance again" lol
Asking myself, Why would they retweet that?!
Gonna try to use my main account now
I Cried When I watched Titanic 3D
#TNT RT : I swear you'd think that Charles Barkley wasn't ringless the way he talks smack
I am for a strong military!!I believe in "Peace through Superior FirePower!!"
#TEDwomen- Thank you for the well of inspiration & for sharing amazing folks who are making positive impacts. Life changing <3
sigh, it always "technically" is....
Looking forward to viewing two beta sites today ...
You're single
I only get on twitter whenever i'm bored or high. Or both. Usually both.
to release paper on privacy and minority attitudes on data collection & use.
That's fine as long as we present our SEC baseball rings before we play them in football next season.
NEW PORT O'BRIEN EP AVAILABLE TODAY BENEFITTING Doctors Without Borders RELIEF EFFORTS IN HAITI. BUY AT www.portobrien.com
this is a question for everyone! who is the coolest person to follow you?
I love FOX's new reality show: Slow Children, Fast Women.
The legend of #worstdeanever continues ...?
Sorry I'm kind of out of it at the moment! Ck your DM!
Almost beer time!
To evrbody dat watched the nino brown documentary, how u like it? Tweet back cuz I gotsta know
yea I will never again do the buddy pass thing
The lady who hired me for my internship is so damn bad! FAMU grad I went home & found her twitter
Today is 12.3.12: Nice. Today you close off a tiny aspect of your life.
Oh Kat, you're too amazayn! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><U+2764>
Aw! You're so sweet! <3
Men are like parking spots: The good ones are taken, and the rest are handicapped.
Gonna put it on myself. RT : Turning up Paul's Boutique here at Last.fm HQ.
"how the hell do you do that?" people ask me when i draw i say "i dont know..."
MY ONE AND ONLY WISH...IS YOU TO FOLLOW ME BACK I LOVE YOU SO SO MUCH...TAKE CARE...:)))
Philosophy students are always the first people to run out of printing points.
Choices getting easier everyday as God directs my path
I drank a monster around 4.. So I think it's in me too
Everyone please go follow my new twitter and unfollow this one and follow my new one!
You are 100 kinds of AWESOME!!!!!!
If your going to straighten your hair do all of it and don't be lazy.
Official #Team$$Money & Interest$$ Ent. is starting now!
RT : #Cancer stresses themselves out by overanalyzing situations
& it makes my day to open my acct to see more ppl added SKID OUT & to their 'to-read' shelf. It's yummy, do it!
Where is ?? Hope you're having fun announcing!
im going Monday to lakefront......
theres 3 songs in the motel room. Do you rember which part? Is there a moment specifically? When did you have the thought?
After years of my Dad's Seders, preparing to host my first. Ten goyim and me
Renaissance Philosophy [Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy]
I've been hearing a lot about Foursquare lately. I think I may need to give it a try.
Thanks for the #ff!
no problem we can better this city together.
beggars can't be choosers lol
Great game in Indy lets do it agian soon!
are ya home !?
Good thing is as long as you start the game with 5 players you can finish the game with less.
Isn't it amazing how EASY it is to manage your email, after unsubscribing from all those email newsletters, groups, notification and alerts?
Happy Mother's Day!!! Thankful my Mother raised me to be the Bro I am today
In honor of my entrance to the world of Twitter, I guarantee a victory in for team 2
Thanks for the follow HipVine!
I want to see twitpics of the tickets if this holds. That's all I'm saying.
I don't but Nate Wright knows some people there. I will call him...
Thank you Obama! I knew you were amazing before but damn!
Always excellent! I was also able to show a new friend the wonders of crunchy PB on a burger.
It is getting close to finals so you know what that means, we are getting busier! Make sure to bring in your projects early.
If getting my wisdom teeth out means an unlimited supply of Frostys, I'm totally okay with that. But I could go for some pancakes.
but I loved Sabrina from Day One
I Love Rapping To Kayne West! Goldigger, Heard Em Say, All of the Lights :D
He just bit his lip again *__*
Done and done.
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE please please follow me!! U followed my friend !!!! now is it my turn??
RT : Information desk is always a great place to get started. Away we go....
I'm to no communication but idk what I did or do?!
haha you know it
REMINDER: metal detektor ringing as I walk on through the door.
Its along season im normally a rational upbeat guy just ask hope im wrong gonna be a grind #brewers 2012
#TeamInsomniac Still no sleep needed. Still puttin this greatness together at the studio in Compton.
JUST WAITING FOR THE REPLAY. #SAYSOMETHIN <3333
I guess I'll go finish bonding with this geometry now. That was the best video break ever.
Find out who the Wiseguys are betting on in the #tournament here-www.USSportspages.com
720 since my monitor doesn't go up to 1080.
not a chance!!
RT Losers say: Why don't THEY do something? Winners say: Here's something I can do!
Snow thunder over # Loudoun right now. How strange.
not quite sure how I managed to tweet that out, but thanks for sharing. Lol!
Thankful for Mashed potatoes and... #Meditation. Happy #Thanksgiving!
Character is like a tree and a reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. ~ Abraham Lincoln
See Kuhn
Complaining about the inartful exposition is just low hanging fruit that brings me no satisfaction.
does something ADORABLE and it's all love again. James, James, James.
This dude is the funniest... He said bitch know ur role...lmfaooo
Black Friday is gonna be Craaaaaaaaaazzzzzzyyyyyyy!!!
“The only real valuable thing is intuition.”
way to go GREAT CHOICE, LOVE #voice!
I see you walk by, extra fly, baby where you goin? can i roll? <3
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time. - Josh Billings
Building some fancy automated workflows in Drupal. I are cutting the edges.
Thanks for the follow Eric, I look forward to listeing to The Mid Summer Classic
I'd like to thank and for keepin my TL full of laughs tonight!
Thanks to everyone for a great show! A fabulous turnout for a great group of artists!!
NBA should go back to best-of-5 in 1st round. That might make tomorrow's Bulls-Sixers tilt, you know, compelling.
For a nosebleed - Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
pasamee el link :)
oops, meant to say Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes!
You realize that's license for lunatics to send you death threats. ;-D
RARELY do we have two good earthquakes in one day! Wow. 8:17 p.m. another one rocking the East Bay.
lol :D "I can't be no superman but for I'd be superhuman" ha :))
trying to figure out how to get around this new obstacle.
Have some good eats at Cedar Restaurant. Bring your friends along.
Tweet tweet. What did you buy?
thank you
Woo! This all sounds delightful!
#HowToGetRejected yo MySpace page still says.. "Under Construction" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
and soup...
son this bitch is crucial....I got the botleg, & still came to see this bitch in imax 3d.....it's really good worth the paper
Strippers now know where to get their Miss America costumes these bikinis are just awful- not cute and not flattering
Oh bummer! Wish I had known! : The one day I'm at the DC studios and isn't here!
#storycorps animation preview so so awesome.
"Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
yeah :/ the app i have lets me know all late lol. oh damn we need to get those tickets soon then
me too!
I want some Head<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
#RHOA #Peter is a mess
#onlyuglypeoplesay it's what's on the inside that counts
At a 90s themed party. Lots of flannel. I'm doing the running man.
We use more water in a day than we use oil in a year.
Do you think about me still? Do ya, do ya? Or do you not think so far ahead? 'Cause I been thinking 'bout forever <3
*Inhale, exhale* Repeat
I ate some cheesecake and instantly thought hey Gi would love this!
I wish I was sleeping beauty, I swear. I wouldn't have to be awake to wait for my "prince". He's just come to me.
omg I'm in love
can you get me some more followers please ? (: <33
Just heard the incredibly sad news about Junior Seau. Wow. Still remember seeing him play in high school.
they could connect with Christian rock band groups... other youth group members and other city youth groups
Walk in my shoes, then you can judge me. But on the outside looking in.. keep your mouth shut
I want taco fun time!!! Please? I've always wanted to eat tacos with aj and a big headed beautiful lady.
so bored. someone should #Tweet me
I just got chased by a dog, luckily I had on my free runs so I took off on that bitch lol. I forgot how much fun that shit is.
about time we were going 2 suggest a change of #LoveAndHipHop 2 "The HipHop Girlfriends!" w/all the damn cat fights
Last day in Oz... I'll be on a plane to the states by this time tomorrow. Weird!
“: Just realized I've been wearing my bra inside out all day today. Not even sure how that is possible.”Only You
dnt leave the one you love, for the one you like . . .
lol u are so right! I hv to fix it. Thank u son.
So, so glad I was at a movie instead of watching my favorite Bull get hurt. It broke my heart just hearing about it. Feel better, Noah.
if its for PanCan I can help with anything, if not sorry.. :)
: yes, those lunch breaks do help #hotdamn! I should be faster. How are the #wolverines?
A leader isn't there for others to lift up, but is there to uplift others.
Gabrielle is working with Neutrogena to get people screened for skin cancer.
The Achilles’ heel of academia is lack of accountability. The deep-seated fatal flaw of business? The need for management.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else. Charles Dickens
When confronted by evil spirits, utter the name of Jesus. They tremble @ his name. He brings deliverance from the powers of darkness.,
"And I don't want no flat-chested slut. This isn't 4th grade!"
Etta James-RIP
An empty belly is the best cook.
Trying to do something tonight just don't know what.
#favmovielines ''Now let's hear one of those jokes, bitch." --Mike Lowery, "Bad Boys"
Only upon reaching the state of renunciation does one's mind quieten enough to practice meditation and realize the Self.
thanks, but I like my job.
:( how have you been?
~Harriet Goldhor Lerner~ Excellence is not a destination;it is a continuous journey that never ends
hey Pres what do you think of boneless skinless chicken thighs??
Good luck to the #USMNT tonight! Hopefully we'll see , , and play!
Choosing to ignore new music and listening nonstop to Co. Flow's End to End Burners. This is not helping me at parties.
you are so right the haunting of connectlcut is scary AF bro
I've accidentally started a side business of organizing people's messy files & digital photos. Personal & family archives are in trouble.
Good punt by Wile. VaTech ball at the 50
FJOENJFALIHJFLEINFIAFLEA if i got to meet them....i would totally do something bold to make them remember me. ;) ;) ;)
that quote is meaningful thanks lol!
President Obama is visiting my workplace today...
Flying back from Mexico today!
13 days until the battle of Milwaukee rages on! #MURFCballsout Week two of practice starts today at #KingField. Keep the new faces coming!
Is it always a royal pain in the ass to upload images to tumblr? Is this a hint to reblog instead of uploading new stuff?
#BOGO is in full swing ! There's a lot of new faces tonight ! Cute ones at that !
Thanks for the Shout Out. Hope you follow back. We're pretty awesome!
Thanks to all our Veterans and their families
I'm at the Sunset tonight with and Doors at 9pm, $8 benefits Homeward Pet Adoption Center.
Thank god there is only 14days of school left ! I cant stand this place anymore!
Is Joseph hurt!?!?
miss ta too
and I love how we would be dancing to it while we were saying how much we hated it hahA
Looks like it won't be ready til tomorrow, girlie! He's still got a few more things to do!
When you want your coaches daughter to come to the game
This that cuddle weather...!
Sometimes I think I need to check out diff bands, but I just don't have the patience. If the music doesn't grab me, it irritates me.
sorry my typing was so incoherent on the chat haha! it's hard to do both at the same time, film and type hehe
Finally! Hotel and airfare booked for #MCC, NYC here I come!
Bus finally showed only to have to still pay Goethe ride bc bus driver said he was here but 35 people that were waiting were not #fail Mbta
People who know me well know I tend to get man-crushes. They are almost always musicians. Am I alone in this? Nate Ruess of fun. #amiright?
I think you are giving too much credit
Did i ever tell you that my most beloved childhood stuffed animal that i carried everywhere was a boy lion named "Jenny."
Anything D's is awesome :D
reelect me
My single 11:11 is on itunes !! Check it out!!
tonight! but late I think lol :/
are you serious? is that even legal?
Stay positive all you hard working people! You're more than half way through the work week!
kinda like tips, 2 on 2, one team tips for 1 point, and the other team each shoot a three from 5 spots, and then you switch.
I really hope "raja unka raja hey" is played tonight at paradigm.
I jss think its better that we not be together right noww... But im still torn about it...
Congratulations to one of the best singers ever (: you are The Voice !!!!!! (:
taught me how to tilt ma life !!! :D
I made an instagram. Who has one, I want to learn to use it
Love my Aeropress. Got it instead of a French Press &B. I'll put the expresso from my $20 Aeropress against a $1,000 machine.
You are freaking hilarious!
YEAH BUDDY!!!!
In under 30 min has your tix to & Listen for your cue!
At the dawn adhan "Pray is better than sleep." Wails from the towers.
Enjoying this day with the highest appreciation for the simple things I've been blessed with. :)
So the new guitar is a martin?
Problem is we'll never know when it really ends. Ownership will fudge the numbers even beyond the point of believability.
I just ordered a Gary Fong collapsible lightsphere. Anyone have feedback to offer?
Hmm...makes sense. But it hadn't occurred to me.
xD considering you live on the other side of the US xD P.L.U.R.<3
Um yeah.
Glorious, majestic are his deeds, and his righteousness endures forever. - Psalms 111:3
Hey Whats good man!
. Where does . stand on #MTR? Does she know that peer-reviewed science shows it's poisoning WV's babies in the womb?
15 minutes till it starts and a block away a group of Woodridge Elementary 5th graders unfurl their banner.
#M3Logic adds accountability to your existing Medeco mechanical system while providing loss and liability control
Become educated and you will know why, instead of having to ask stupid questions of strangers
Press Conference with , , at 6pm in
so true...gotta see jacoby steal home again.
My mother just told me i cant tweet again until twelve. Whuuuuut
TRAK is seeking a #Metadata Management #Librarian in #DC! Contact me for details!
No matter what may happen jakes my baby , & always will be.
“: I broke into my friends house last night and stole his TV remote and now I drive by and Change the channel hahaha
looks like it will be 4 on 4 for two minutes, 2nd time this quarter
ok i can deal
Girls From New York Are Cool
The co. dont want you to pay the bill. And we see a big bill & don't know how to negotiate are resolution or affordable terms
Putting the finishing touches on the Rails gauntlet, er, workshop at
RT : #Cancer: Emotional, Cautious & Reliable.
so Wiltjer just got posterized. How bad on a scale of 1 to Kendrick Perkins?
"I figured out some gay chords that go together really well." - the Inimitable Sean Irby.
sad face...come home w/dad tomm
lol. I loathe that company and everything it represents.
SpeedReels has been sleeping at the tweeting wheel. Now SpeedReels has #tweetarrhea. And yes, SpeedReels refers to himself in the 3rd person
you are sups cute lol :)
And weeps RT BB World starts and stock falls.
#AtlanticWoW 21,000 children under the age of 5 die each day of completely preventable causes. Children should be defined by age not border
Not feeling too confident about this one
Omg I love it when parents look at their cell phones and then there head sgo back like a lot lol
Anytime :) RT Thanks for the follow Aaron and the advice
Everyone should know you're my big gay brother who protects me. Haha :)
We may be a coffee house but we have great Hot Cider & Hot Chocolate! Great for a cold day!! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House -
my cousins finally fouund a guy with their picky selfs!! so happy for them!!
Thanks for the RT !
No. I cant allow such a thing.
hah lol i got you sorry im extra LATE
they shouldnt ever think about it
Claude Bernard~ Man can learn nothing unless he proceeds from the known to the unknown.
Nets are on Dwight's list. Wouldn't that be the Nets plan? DWill and Howard?
I've been great! How are you? I miss you!
well!! You slept for 3 hours! You deserved it :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I know, right?!
tired as hell from last night
This is great I use the cintiq, how do you compare?
good points but which is which? Color on a high ceiling?
Darn. I cant watch 's Ustream.
blake follow me please im ur biggest fan
Life, Above it all
Takes a little liquid courage to get through some of that stuff eh? ;)
Results worth having can only be achieved by combining worthy ideals and practical good sense. T. Roosevelt
I totally want to say something. but it would be too awkward
but God!!! He's bathed me in support and love, from every corner of campus. strangers have told me that my story changed them. strangers.
Sogard wears the Johnny Grubb style glasses.
summer classes ?!?
haha miss u!!
Just downloaded that new Consignment
Having a great day so far!!!!
Fall OUtn ah! I gona miss samuel larsen (canT take my fone)
Good morning ready to see what my day is going to be like
I hear ya.
I love you momma. Sorry I've been worrying about James and stuff. But I know you know how much he meant to me and I know, that since he took
I saw a smashed KFC bucket on classen.I couldn't help but think...Even if they're fried, chickens will try to cross the road
Ah!! Hamsters shuffling to Party Rock Anthem! Best.Commercial.Ever
We would be delighted to send you some! Please send your address to Catherine Shawki at
Durags in the year 2012 + should only be worn to Sleep or in closed areas like your house /room
i don't know these ppl
Join us Sat night @ 7 @ Orleans Arena to watch the Wrangler Hockey team: a portion of ticket sales benefits the Henderson Libs Foundation.
What are you doing drinking beer, milk and green tea? Tiss tiss ;)
Well I got my computer up and running. Needs a new battery, so I will be shopping around for one, feeling much better about it.
my lip hurts
Hey #UWMadison students: don't forget that we accept !
Warning to Obama Administration:Israel is America's one true ally in the Middle East. DO NOT SCREW WITH ISRAEL!
So, why does Fannee Doole from that old TV show "Zoom" like some things and not other things?
Data integration in to #Facets and #Amisys just got even faster with #Foxtrot v7.0. The send data feature is up to 300% faster in 7.0.
its unlisted! haha
HAVE YOUR LIVING ROOM FURNITURE AND BEDROOM FURNITURE SET ASSEMBLY BY THE EXPERTS. WE ASSEMBLY ANYTHING THAT COME IN FLAT PACK BOXES
Hey ! Waiting on your track! Please send soon - ! Ciao!
Appears someone got into our account and sent tweets about us showing you how to make money from home. Sorry about that....wasn't us.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
trust me i kno
Just got home. Should be getting up in an hour and a half... Oh well. Gonna stay up and eat.... then go to school.
Ugh..god . Just leave me the fuck alone for the day
I feel you, im Going with a group today it's killing me inside.
My mom is basically right. It's like I can almost never be on time to anything -_-
No class tomorrow means i can finally get all my work caught up
I think your right. I almost didn't even send it on...but the headline is way too funny...I feel bad for the guy though.
I tried looking up price but web site broken or work computer no me deja. Do you remember the price?
I thought I was your dream man
hey GUYS....can't u see my photo after?
Why do these grown ass lil girls think yelling and screaming their business on the bus is cute? They need some damn #guidance smh
RT New & returning college students: The Philadelphia Orchestra has a FREE college concert, Oct. 6: vstphl.ly/q92HQL
Hello, I love you Let me jump in your game
Sit quiety, doing nothing, spring comes, and the grass grows by itself.
Just got a hair cut
Today I decided to quit drinking until further notice. The only 6 pack I'm interested in is under my shirt ;)
Two naps + a burrito later, I'm still hungover. Only when I party with the crew.
Love when that happens :)
bc it will have an L next to the iowa state game
Q7 Really Rosie - the TV movie
Dear Tostitos, make your dip jars shorter and wider so your chips can actually fit inside them. Thanks
Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day. Today will be a better day.
I want to be followed by Jake T. Austin and I'll never give up until he sees me.
Does that mean we have Neil LaBute to thank for "Wow...just, wow"?
Now in Clapp LLR: "libraries as space for teaching, learning & research" event
Got school in the a.m #goodnight <3
Please make a "Cocktail Time" pennant.
hi Jo Jo I work near by can u get me in?
Baseball workouts with Ethan, then getting ready for game time!
The new cut is coming along. Time to really tighten the screws and get this thing ready for the world.
There's more than one way to Be A Voice for an abused or neglected child in need: www.voices4.org.
Why the hell is Star Jones doing political commentary on the ? The better question is why am I watching this garbage?
Cutting my toenails
coming up at 11: musicians unite in memory of a girl who was murdered in August. Hear the message her family wants people to take away.
what did ur dad say
I have 750 facebook friends, so NO! I'm glad they dont see my twitter. -_-
Hahahaha I know I know. I'm just kidding
haha you like it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy Mothers Day!
who you going to the game with tonight?
Good call, yo.
Thanks for following me!! I love RadioMeltdown!!
Foster The People sold out 1 min after they went on sale, any chance for a true fan to get tix?
RT : "We still have a 19th century model of education... We learn by doing," said Ray Kurzweil. #SXSW #SWSWedu < Muscle memory!
i decided i wont touch anything so i dont hav to wash my hands. especially door knobs. id walk ard with a kitchen tissue n use it to handl
Somebody put this game on Rookie mode and turned the sliders all the way up for OKC lol
that ain't the #BestTextMessage that would be getting one from a hot chic saying she's dtf lmfao
Thursday Gold is on today! $6 Georgia Golds w/ purchase of adult beverage. U can't beat that deal w/ a stick.
they are loud!
lmao i got you
Leon Panetta meeting w/ sailors & Camp Pendleton marines aboard USS Peleliu to show Pentagon's committment to ships amid cuts
Thank you Karmic, we're looking forward to your tweets, don't forget to #ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
same to you! Cm happy hour sometime in Feb?
damn straight.
Every time I come to LA I think of the crazy week Photobydog spent out here.
Cross River Rivalry is going to be epic!!
hi Kevin, where tues in Boston?? My son and I seeing u at Coolidge on thurs. can't wait :)
Wow just wow.
hey thx reader at Purdue and in Plano TX for being interested in Touraine (or maybe it was the "instead of Habermas" that got you?
We made a bond from the very beginning... I found my homie && my best friend. Imma be there for ya till the very end, no matter what.
Whats up #twitter long time no tweet!
I Love Philip!!
Please follow me(: 28
I still do that...
AS A FILMMAKER, THERE IS NOTHING MORE IMPORTANT THAN TO CAPTIVATE YOUR AUDIENCE AND SUSPEND THEIR RELAITY IF EVEN ONLY FOR 1.5 HRS.
My Uncle Parker is a bit dodgy. He's ripped off so many pensioners the government are thinking of making him Honorary Chancellor
Part man, part pillow, all carnage.
Nigga where's your
can I get a follow back please? :)
RT : Congratulations Maya Ardon and Catherine Pena on your 2011-12 Hallmark Awards... way to represent the SRC!
Hegel hunny cat ya tongue dont look so funny Mr. Comedian , jokes on you and you lost the bet so.where's my money
no sadly :/
Agree RT think etiquette & tone are different? < etiquette should still apply tone may be different
Riding the merry-go-round with Finn
im jealous of the seventh graders. I wanna go back to dc!!!
“: Girls who talk in fake baby voices<<<< #tryingtoohard #annoying #notcute” khloe kardashian = queen of baby voice
I don't think I've felt more shitty about anything in my entire life.
Good Morning :)
After more than a decade in the Warner Bros. family, Reprise SVP of Promo Mike Rittberg is leaving.
what's your next move?
I text u:)
#tweet #tweet hehe I just tweeted you ;)
Wonder if the cd man has Trey yet, $3 expect more pay less
Hey there! I know this is short notice but are you available tomorrow from 7-10pm for promo work? Its a tech event in the city.
glad to see you back!
hearing that voice again after long time : exhilirating!
why is my dad talking about politics does he realize I don't care or know what he's saying
I'll be keeping an eye on both for sure. Thanks!
I need some sushi in my life. Like right now.
Someone please follow me quick, I've got 666 followers.
nice resource! “: vimeo music store has saved my butt for music. For pay, but affordable for no-budg productions.
I'm so guilty of this, but never let work get in the middle of your relationships.
Looking forward to our day of service tomorrow at Sarah's House! Thanks to for coordinating everything!
Feel like I hit lotto, found a greenapplesauce pouch 4 my 8MO DD 2take her med & I thought we were all out!
Far Far Far Away .
Trigga - Don't Judge.. Would u think a nigga rude if I said I want 2 Fuck right now
Weather in San Miguel de Allende has been fab. 80F every day. Been playing music every day. Mexico City gigs were killin'. More 2 come.
Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!;)
Memorizing, memorizing. Seems like that's all I do these days. :D hooray!
#20ThingsAboutMe when I'm down I just watch videos n I'm better : )
It is about $. This is pure political move by Walker to defund Democrats. Walker doesn't touch civil service (worker protect)
focus!! Haha I hope you have a great day. :)
- Thanks for the recent #FF. I appreciate the thought.
You nailed it! Congrats.
The Happiest of Birthdays to the Very Talented and Beautiful Lauren !
Girls night out Saturday!! Woo hoo!
your new #Boyfriend has been on repeat since 5am :)) <3 I cant wait for #BELIEVE to come out
you do. How's your Casio working for you?
Tired... but cant fall asleep now... fml I hate this house!!!
All you idiots that go to those parties/concerts where you get paint all over you, look like you were ejaculated on by giant clowns.
sweep, sweep, sweep.
I always know how to handle the situation, it comes from inner peace...
Thanks for the follow. Best luck with The NIght Trade!
A weakness of this age is our inability to distinguish our needs from our greeds.
We'll be there
Sometimes i wish i could just drink to where i dont have to wake up to this bullshit world
Fully engaged job-hunting underway. Communications, writing, editing fields. If anyone knows who's hiring, please send the info my way! thnx
Thanks Ann! We think we stand out on a bit on our own!!
I made it my bitch last night.
Totes prefer Monsterpiece Theatre. RT : The me who hates Masterpiece Theater is overwhelming the me who loves "Downton Abby"
Cant wait to watch and perform! #MagicCookie think you are two HOT COOKIES!!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I'm never gonna use this.
you hate Milwaukee don't you, Buster? Is it because our cows drink beer and eat brats and you'd never raise a cow that way?
Tonight NetworkingPhoenix.com Signature Event @ Princess Resort 6pm-9pm Free event, 1,500+ guests, biz connections, special guests and more!
She got hit hard ass shit
You were into Serenity/Firefly, right? Wasn't there a decent amount of action in those? Not too far off from comics as geeky/genre?
Lmao, what a coincidence !
Easter is the day to pull out your favorite linen suit. Even if it's chilly!
RT : I think Zach's trying to get Blake to react, but I don't think he's aware of how aware Griffin is. Aware.
Good morning!! It's work time. Let's get it!
I like my music, real loud, real loud. Can you turn that shit up for me right now, right now.
woke up with some inspiration finished writing the lyrics
meanie head! You have cooties!
Wait is it annoying or clever? lol
you're fuckin famous.
I saved her one piece of bacon...but it was the best piece.
I know a startup looking for a technical co-founder, you could be a good fit. msg me for more info!
is creeping. LOL
I notice you're giving a different kind of #Mother'sDay sermon on 5/8: #infertility Looking fwd to hearing it
Judicial scholars agree: Robert Bork is a complete nutbag. Bork is Romney's constitutional advisor!
Shout out to my new followers ( :
by me.
“: "I now pronounce you husband and wife, the bride may kiss me now."” lol
1-0! Verlander picks up right where he left off.
Following! Thanks!
you should call me for my birthday and sing or something? ;) lol it's in like 2wks!
I've ordered two more Tailgaters, the self-pointing HD satellite dishes that RV enthusiasts are going nuts over. For DISH Network use only.
you guys were amazing I had time in Mobile, Alabama you are now my favorite band ever! Follow back thanks! =)
Great response boys
Mr. James has done it again!
i got a good chuckle out of that... #bigots&mormons
If Life's A Bitch, I Guess I'm Trying To Fuck The World.
Back from Christa McAuliffe Technology Conference and reality is knocking on my door. Grades out tomorrow. Check out the chatter at
oh yeah...i watched that one...and kg hit the 3 to lose by 1
Them three
Got nicest card ever from ! First bit of real mail(=non bill) was a good one :)
We have tickets to the Showbox Market on 10/16 with -- Email, tweet, message - whatever you gotta do, we'll get you tickets.
Providing green cleaning products for a better future! Safer is better! Call us today (586) 663 0054
Ledge averted. I see the good for this year only, but I am skurd of our recruiting.
Today @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" | LA Talk Radio | The New Hot Hip Hop Caribbean Artist, Ku-J | Go to: www.latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Wow where the fuck is my batman and robin VHS
Measure not the work until the day's out and the labor done.
Right now I am babysitting and unable to sleep due to one of the kids being unable to sleep. Etsy.com is down for maintenance right now.
Me too. And I went to both schools RT when I was young that was the game...
Air Force did as well RT Not often a school fires a head coach to hire his assistant
I cried today at school . It was embarrassing but people were being so mean to me , I just had to let it all out .
Not going to the star-studded #TF3PremiereLive in #NYC, but I'm proud to go to the hero-studded #TF3 Premiere here in #DC w/ the troops.
cuz u do~
Be on TV, promote #NAWBO and support WHYY for an on-air telethon Thursday, 6/9, 5-11 p.m. Reply back or DM if interested!
i like the blk/volt 2's they got and the 3s
Thanks for the RTs!
They said they had a witness when they did not. Didn't matter; we were going to trial. They dismissed!
I guess thats just part of being a new author
what disagreements? :)
RT : Tech folks who 'don't like ad biz models' very often propose an 'alternative' that is the exact definition of an ad...
Why are these opening day tickets for the Marlins so damn expensive!?
this made me think of you RT Proper grammar is sexy.
There's a moment in Traubel's bio of Whitman where W. just decides to pronounce "does" as "dues". So you're in good (weird) company.
Thanks for the inquiry! Currently, we don't have a functional online storefront, but we may be able to arrange a sale via e-mail.
5 Minutes #BOYFRIEND !!!!! :D
Me & finna start on our album.!
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. Keep eating brocolli & you'll learn to love it! What gets your butt off the couch?
Ah, that's just as fun. I really want to go to one someday. Have fun!
did you see the sensory (sensorial?) exhibit?
The wickets certainly aren't staying up long at Old Trafford today
im doing good still I think once I get into a 12 im done I don't wanna lose too much weight the P90x getting a little easier
Rangers Hold Off Caps 2-1 in Game 7 It took memorable efforts and moments from their two most heralded players, but the Rangers withstood
I will have 2 picks this week if the market stabilizes, otherwise I do not want to give picks that will lose short term.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
Roger girls love
RT : British citizen killed in #Domodedovo airport blast - law enforcement source
You too my friend! Monday Funday!
You two need to get to Phat Burrito and Price's ... stat.
Most people here a song, and they think of a specific lyric. I always seem to recollect whom I liked when I heard that song.
there's nothing sadder than knowing someone is lying when they do it.
Very sad - RT : #Puyallup tribal spokesman says Daffodil Princess Alexandria Cole committed suicide. Self inflicted gunshot.
Boy: You wanna hear a joke about my penis? Wait, It's too long. Girl: Well, you wanna hear a joke about my vagina? Wait,You'll never get it.
#NowPlaying "Moving Forward" by Israel Houghton on #Pandora "the past is over"
To be successful
Are you ready for some baseball?!
When the American people are paying high gas prices, Republicans are celebrating. Is it the way it is supposed to be in a democracy? Pity!
Why he keep calling me from his Cell.... The Maim Frame
sure thing! As promised, I just #FF'd you--hope it gets you some followers today.
You totally ROCK J!!!!! MWAH!
The mom from cyberbully reminds me a lot of my mom.. :)
It'd be nice to get a piece back for him, maybe a sign-and-trade for a bench scorer though.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. Benjamin Franklin
so when u get back tell me what they said and stuff
Jeniffer Hudson tribute to Whitney Huston? Shits getting real.
Change yourself and fortune will change with you.
Stock Futures Dip as Traders Mull Corporate News, Data
Nope, I'm not a fish fry person.
Acck! Didn't see this until just now. Oh well, there's next year, right?
Haha #webad So your going to stay at the bistro or are you starting another job?” starting another and staying at bistro
I haven't tweeted in a will
#SOTU Clean energy here we come. YEAH!
I love Madison just for who he is! (:
@ school getting my raise wo0o0! 982 a week now!
Poutine just jumped into the lead with 2 votes! Meanwhile, go get the poutine ...
MSG plus appears to be off the air. TWC listings just say "sign off." what's going on?
Just hanging out with my family enjoying this day of rest... God is good!!!
It's like my laundry doesn't know it should fold itself
Not sure why I wasn't using these all year. Won't make that mistake again.
Back from Sunny Calif. - Great Time Singing & also hit the PNB Paribas Tennis!
Gender differences found in how spaces are perceived as "safe" or "unsafe"
Band of Skulls = an awesome band with two amazing albums. Take them out as an opener this summer!
#FunFact: #Greyhounds long back legs make it so they virtually never choose to sit down! Our pups are standing & ready for action @ 7:25p!
Holiday sale on Cloud Browse NOW through New Year's Day!
in the words of my mom "go get 'em tiger" :P congrats
Grades submitted. Where's my sunblock?
better one: the “tittle” is the name of the dot over the lowercase letters i and j.
Good morning!
NAPA we keep america running TO THE OTHER AUTOPARTS STORES!!
Voting for SAC Chair starts this morning at 9 am and goes until 9 pm tomorrow. Make sure you vote! One vote per SAC group.
That's 2 N's now.. Grossmann*
sup doe
is off to work again..why couldn't I have been born rich instead of good looking?? LOL
if only you saw what i can see, you'd understand why i want you so desperately <U+2665><U+266A><U+266B>
If I call 's house and ask him to prom will his mom make him say yes or...
Eating burrito. Boss mentioned I was remarkably calm. Not claustrophobic. Slightly worried elevator would careen down the shaft. It didn't.
Taylor Swift??? Really? She's not even true country music! My vote would have went to No pop in his country
well lets just kidnap him too lol so you can (;
we're taking names & signing up shifts at the Team Pike planning meeting & phone bank!
Q:“Let the son of appointed daughter first present a funeral cake to his mother, then to her father, the funeral to his father s father.”
Why is it that with all the information accessible today on how to be successful in small business, so few people really are?
We've got tickets to the and show at on Feb 3rd for only $8 ($10 at the door)! Hit us up!
you're welcome! Thank you so much!!!
There are no prerequisites, other than a good attitude and general interest in ballroom dancing. Don't worry if you think you don’t have rh…
(William James) The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
lol my mama can't go to the club
My night has been made! thanks
calm down. We can get you some scrapple! ;-)
Oh bummer! Well, I'm sure we'll see you on one of our many the rides this summer - or at least I hope we will.
that train sounds very heartburn-inducing. soup is not breakfast food.
Yankees vs Reds(;
I was there from like 3-5pm. Figured you were working.
Didn't test hello world. Used an infinite setTimeout to fill queue. Not CPU/Mem bound, socket bound/artificially limited?
last night I had a wonderful dinner with my dissertation advisor and former colleagues from UChicago! Fun!
it is definitely a different mentality and lifestyle, although we are working hard to improve it.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores from 35 yards thanks to a goal keeping mistake! Hala Madrid 2 -0 !
now I have like an hour to kill while my oil is being changed >.<
Thank you very much, Sarah =)
Good job Miley
I'm finally home. All I want to do is take a nap :)
Got my sample ballot. Who wants my vote for the 77th Central Committee?
Whether you’re looking to ramp down your cigarette smoking, or just want a fresh take on your smoke break, ecigs are a great option.
Brewers didn't win the NLCS, but we really want to give that weber grill away. Stay tuned.
I love your attitude; being positive is inspiring right?
#SuperBowl game today! Favorite #SuperBowl #commercial from last year was the #StarWars' #DarthVader #Commercial! What was yours?
One of the great female warriors of fiction! #josswhedonrules : Thanks, Keith. BtVS is to me what Star Wars is to you.
Beans, I guess, are a natural digestive aid, right?
Start spreadin' the news….: Are you a closet geek whose prime focus is to visit the world's literary destinations? Are you at one in ...
Oh yeah, and my aunt and uncle reminded me that I was exorcised 3 times as a child. Too bad it didn't work!! <g> Love y'all though. Miss ya'
guerilla marketing in the airport
!!!!!!!! RT : #LastTimeIChecked Smoking weed isn't punishable by death.
12 minutes left >
Hey how are you, we would love to submit some trax to you, Im Dre from The Orphanz™
I haven't been able to eat for two days, I haven't slept. Fuck depression /: I need to get the fuck outta my house..
Last night for Dancing With My Demons www. missingpiecetheatre.com. - "One Funny Latina" - that's not me, I directed!
we made them tonight! All toppings you want, must use waffle cones & heavy duty foil
#ThingsMyMotherSays you should play baseball again
Comcast is down. no tv or internet at my house. too much rain... ridiculous.
Nothing like a little yoga to awaken your senses
Good for you! Although I always find it a bit unsettling when people drop out of doctoral programs in philosophy. :)
In honor of #InternationalWomansDay, I wanna thank my mom for always believing in me when I didn't believe in myself.
Let ya guard down..we can chill on tha low, aint nobody gotta know..
Anything from Kyle Mills. Maybe Rising Phoenix. BTW, Rounders is by-far my favorite movie. Thanks for making it.
I just had a holy shit moment and the euphoria from that is overwhelming me.
can we all get together when you get back?!
I love. I can't help it. It's like breathing.
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
What makes you consider a form of entertainment "smart"? Does that make it better? When do you like "dumb" entertainment?
Headed to PG Plaza to go check out The Avengers.... and flaked on me so I am riding solo!
Just had the best lil 5 minute Convo ever with Z.P First thing she yeld was "Whasssup Bruhh!!" Lol havent talked to her in a Long time!
I'm trying 2 figure out a way 2 message all WA State loan officers to protect their buyers from They will steal your loans
good point.
me too. </3 you really need to visit! We could have so much fun!
White house Gingerbread house weighs 400 pounds!
text him. right now.
I fuck up, I'm forgetful, and I can be stuck in my ways, but I'm loyal, and I always keep my word, and I will NEVER let u down.
Adorn Your house Like an expert with These Easy Methods
they're choosing random winners. they aren't choosing based off of looks.... I'm so mad.
a skill I always feel the need to improve upon.
I would agree. I think we need to develop a new cigar vitola and patent it :)
« If you do your best...#god will do the rest!»
Happy 40th Earth Day- do a few things a lttle greener
touché! Will you now post about beer or golf??? Miss ya bro!
I'm losing my mind because of u!
I have a very good friend who is in the t-shirt making business - feel free to DM me for info!
When Austin says "Burnin' up" it makes me think of the Jonas Brothers(; haha
in my room. Whhy?
By the way......he was Chi-Town's very own And pretty much the father of Hip-Hop Yeah I said it!
Davis is fun to watch in the middle. I wish I was in Nola for the game!
plans are canceled.. thanks
Just being here in vegas gets me even MO *takes breath* ORE excited for EDC!!!
oh fuck thats brutal o.o
That was #2 on my list. I liked War Horse and Hugo too. Haven't seen Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close or Moneyball yet.
In route to the Fam!
blugh!:/ it keeps storming here
She was not a celebrity, but she was my sister and she died of ovarian cancer in 2008. She was my celebrity, the wind beneath my wings.
: I'm jealous hah , Your Lucky<3. Hope you have funn (:
The dog discussion is to avoid the real talk on real issues.
My weight is high but I'm movin' on. Watch me twirl a dumbbell like a baton. Like a baton. My lifting is dead on. I am a swan!
Funnel cake truck driving through campus!!!
I like to watch the dog
nothing much u?
so, yeah in the house. #TCDisrupt talking about drama...
Great to see Bernie Sanders & Al Frankenstein sitting next to one another
Movie recommendation is Prince in "Purple Rain"
Shout out to
what is next for you? Have you gotten any record contract calls? You were fantastic and totally deserved the win last night.
so, just checked specs and world market (online). May just have to bite the bullet and bake them myself
if u talk about ppl in real life, get on fb/twitter & act like you're cool with them.....#fake&blocked!
ha :) I HOPE YOU FOLLOW .
All you gotta do is listen .....
you don't have to sync your whole google account, just go into settings and calendars on the phone. Good luck!
My partner, who owns eXtasy Books, had a reviewer rave a book wasn't edited...because it had UK spelling.
are you tired, cause you've been running through my mind all day.
Aliens are real.. If you don't believe that go suck a dick
I'm hoping it's good even if it's not like the show. Kind of like 'The Addams Family' ?
I'm rooting for u but I would like to know what makes u a creole expert? R I from New Orleans?
so confused me !!!! I don't want OK?
The point of getting a job is so you can get more stuff not so you have to pay for the things your used to getting.
Nobody's a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It's hard to stay on top. Paul Coffe
Thanks for the #FF and I wasn't on Twitter friday, I was busy moving.
Follow they will #retweet all #dm you send them! They #follow back.
I'm feeling pretty lonely today. Think I will go outside and try to cheer up :(
Thanks for the shout out! : )
We should be back by then.
Thanks for the follow! Wow you have an adorable shop on etsy! Love it!
RT : I favor the separation of church and hate.
is Eve Best really pregnant??
Of course! We'd love to hear your feedback!
mdoll: Just sent email to NY Chapter about #slaname change and Align in '09. When do we hear proposed new name(s)? Gloria/Janice?
Feel crap :/
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE...
I forgot there was a ghost rider 2! Maybe ill go get it on bootleg lol!
Congrats on your book...I've been thinking about doing the same...just got my first article published...any advice on the subject
Pt3 Indian Man: Yes. All young men want to fist one another. Though you are large and look like you could handle a fisting.
IM NEEDING MANAGEMENT FOR MY MUSIC. HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU
your welcome! (:
Our team, our city, our coach, our fans.....we earned this.
ill find out who moves on to round 2 on the 16th
I still think that #shazam is magic
San Diego uses less water, but sees rates increase.
This time she tweeted inflamed curiosity
cool cool be safe
interesting stat. Majority minority counties supported it. Some of which went 65% Obama in 08.
Just saw a dog get hit on 93. My mom along with so many people got out and waited til the police and help came. Worst day. Cried so much.
Nope! Just a short delay! I just moved so I've been a lot busier than usual. Soon...I'll start again!
What is a Thai Sports Massage? Think Acupressure + Stretching + Swedish + Deep Tissue + Neuromuscular Therapy + More
Italian: bambino, tu mi fai sorridere English: baby you make me smile <U+2665>
at LeadsOnline working on Press Releases. Yay! It feels great to not be stuck in the house alone!
The Storm capitalize off of good field position with a touchdown pass from Wasil to Williams. Tampa Bay leads 35-10.
Now thru 5/20! Backwoods Burger: chuck patty, fried pimento mac & cheese, crispy kale, red onion, smoked ham, Amer. bacon & tomato chutney.
I love you too
That gave my a serious headache , k thanks.
The Governor and The Donald Team Up for Wine (Wine Spectator) Plus, a vine robot that does it all, serious Burgundy wine fraud and Three
Are we certain Shulman and Francona aren't talking about the Pirates and PNC?
It would be cool if #Apple bought
Anybody interested in a communications job with an Episcopal church diocese in Rochester, contact me! Good pay, hours. Work with my mom!
Random girl hit me up hour.. text me: 724-494-0795
“I do not regret one professional enemy I have made. Any actor who doesn't dare to make an enemy should get out of the business.” B Davis
7s team looking good, working hard and coming up a tad short. is up next
ok, ok. I'm finally here people!! now what? :)
Just registered for
Will be checking out #seochat for the first time tonight.
Just played in the most humid gym. Cannot. Stop. Sweating.
All or Nothing
How come when you kid is hurting, you hurt too...if not more. Love my boy....
OKEY. what time?
Howdy! You came up as a recommendation by twitter as someone similar.
Great nite of Comedy
great- don't get me wrong, by the way, #omeka works really well for my purposes. And Neatline is amazing.
Cuddling with my boyfriend <33
I believe life starts at
Love it when other local guys get outraged too. Says a lot. Be open minded boys!
yes i did
MADONNA!!!!! NUFF SAID! Even at 67 years old.... She still got it! LOL
Anyone wanna golf today?
1940 census rocks!
K & J Magnetic's.inc... Part number BZ082, and BZZ082 you people do not get it, because it is being hidden from you.Iam tryingtogetitout.
Thanks for the affirmation ... I'm humbled, blessed, and just all His!
I'm afraid you're probably right.
Fucking with me you won't be feeling them legs
Does anyone have any advice on how 2 get my #fundraiser out there? I have tried a lot with not much success. Any help is greatly appreciated
you are very welcome! I hope you enjoy it! Sorry you couldn't make it to the event! :)
Coming this Wednesday, our 2nd Anniversary Show, with friends like #timrunshismouth, #marcavonevans, #annq, and two from
You're supposed to be at work at 7...you woke up late so you be here by 11am...
aye shut the fuck up cuz in the end u aint shit bitch.
Com'on Phins.
all of my siblings joined in! i never knew my sisters vagina would be so soft <3 - lauren
I just wrote the most depressing evaluation of my life ever.
Cowboys coach and if you think they are a playoff team next season?
A big fuck you to North Carolina today. I hope Minnesota peeps are better than that in November!
- Can you share the results of this survey with the rest of us in the tweeosphere?
Another long day done. One more lecture tomorrow, and the semester is basically done. But, so much left to do in the next week.
its 11:11 i wish you would see this tweet that i tweet you at every 11:11 and maybe u can RT it this time or tweet me back?(:
I can't understand these black people at steak n shake
Did all TBBT stars make it to the Staples Center too? ;) RT : Ok Lakers this is cute but you're kind of making me nervous.
Its been awhile, practice today going good, gettin ready 4 oct 30th show at VZD's!!!
Wish it didn't end on this note, but I will have to continue to cheer for him regardless of where he goes.
nah it's was from McDonalds I had later that night
I'm sure! If only I lived closer - wait... its cold up there now! :)
Ive been riding the commuter rail for almost a year and I dont think the wifi has worked once.
I like eating and all but im getting fed up with this whole "needing to eat every day" thing. your so needy stomach
If "noggin" takes an apostrophe, does that mean it's short for "nogging"?
Jack Squad 2 Casting Soon
I hope the guy that asked Kobe after Game 1 "Can You Guys Guard Them", asks something similar tonight.
lol I know.
Have a good run!!
Thanks! Cool contributions!
Live demo tip: write up an SOP for future reference, including all tech requirements and logins. Thank me later.
following this story all day. thanks for finding this.
Ill have to build an ark in that pussy <U+2614>
Thanks to for my first and sweetest senior letter. #loveyoulittlechode #<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
We say Ward's House of Prime!
I lied apparently I can write pop!!! #doesitmatterifidontunderstandit not kidding I'm trying to find the songs meaning
bout time ya little slut! So stubborn.
just sometimes, like for going to the beach and get tanned, laying on the sand and swimming
Man...need to get back to running...That winter weather slowed me down... but it's back on, now that it's nice here in Minneapolis...
This keynote is exactly what I needed to hear after leaving a successful 12 year position to chase my dreams. Thanks,
Running barefoot through the streets of Barcelona in the rain. LOL! I will remember this night forever!
what's so funny nigga?
reviewed Black Joe Lewis last year. an enjoyable album.
nothing that I'm not used too
Knighthawks Fans: Friday's game will be a WHITEOUT! Come to the game wearing WHITE! RT to spread the word.
oh. my new nephew [Bryson] is a mexican mexican. not like the rest of us that are white mexicans. lol. still cute though.
anytime- just name. Will barter terrier tomato guard for caprese...yumyum! :)
nice, dude. Congrats on the move. Enjoy the city!
Cleaning getting things organized just to move out in a month
Excited for Jesus' resurrection this Sunday. Can't wait to celebrate with a cheeseburger feast!!
Wow. Didn't think #Louisville had it in them. Great rally.
Too bad. #Nambu used to be my favorite, but it is totally useless now. Back to #PowerTwitter in Firefox.
#Caps doing good job of getting in shooting lanes during #NYR PP
Hyper local, Main Street Connect & Patch filling in where print layoffs have left gaps
I'm working ElectionMall Technologies and doing social media/design for them, but I'm part of The Washington Center program
The Reuben Burger has arrived in all of its glory! Corned beef and and kraut on top of a ground beef patty with provolone cheese and 1000
Ed are you leaving 13 a.m.?
hahahaha. At least your not doing embarrassing dances like Me
Fishing round two
jan 22:D
Play La.nore.....its a quite long....Boring.....Shame rockstar.....expected more from u
I beez in the trap.
Need a place to spend Hump Day? Stop by and visit
#GreysonMMag What color are your bedroom walls? ;)
Twitter be dead as fuck during school
has thanked 65 people on Twitter since his win yesterday on the
funny story I started downloading a tv episode from itunes a year and a half ago... and it finally finished tonight.
Greater Houston 4-Bedroom New Home from LGI Homes - $877 ...
Hundley sucks. So ready for
Watching Flyers game, just learned Philly fans booed Santa Claus?? WHAT? When did this happen?
But she had to change, so i left her for a girl called mary jane
"Like the mushroom. Fungi." omg. I can't even. Louis. Jesus. Ahh!
feel free to invite some puppies
OMG R UY SERIOUS
The Vow is sad :(
Is there another medium by which you’d be able to ask that question and get useful, concise answers quickly?
NMSP have issued an amber alert for an 11-year-old girl. Officials believe the girl may be brought to NM, more soon on krqe.com
c'mon man. Ur QB is hot garbage. Ur squad will suck again next year homie. #reality baby
LMFAO AT MY LAST TWEET! BTW I DIDNT TWEET THAT!
That was very mean. :(
Would love 2 have U join us MT Have any of U tried a band ? Interested 2 try. Did U know they're HQ'd here in Pgh?
Will u play Champagne & Chickenheadz!
Has not yet joined the club of " Draw Something" Think about it though!?
I'm pretty good actually. I remember something else you use to down. Lol
ThMorUKno: “Logic might be imagined to exist ind. of writing…but it did not…Logic descended from the written word.”J.Gleick, The Information
I am counting down!!! Luckily, I am going to a special screening with a q&a.
TRIVIA QUIZ question for the week 1 point. Can you fit a box 9" X 12" in to a box 6" X 11"?
Your HP posting about our news anchor making the 'Bieber' 'Hummer' reference misidentifies the anchor.
: Thanks for the update! It will be nice to see the marquee active again at least.
I like the chocolate sprinkled ones!!!! Right
#InstantTurnOn Boys in a band. Like um. #MyOnlyHero ?
Awww Well deserved Starry One!!!! :)
Fallen captive 7:10 tonight at peabodys with Born of Osiris.
Yay! Thanks for the mention & the love. Hope you are enjoying the mix!
Where are the largest easter egg hunts in Meck County?
Reader asking: Which is your favorite brand of ready to drink #lemonade? #kosher Thoughts???
Kick butt!
Thanks for the 20% off "welcome to Birchbox" code, but I just placed a big order yesterday! Any way it could be applied? :-(
What's up souf side.... ? How was ur week ?
#SEM10 Sunday is badass paper day. Wayne Marshall, Fernando Orejuela, Luis-Manuel Garcia.
July 10th concert planned to benefit Children's Cancer Fund of NM!
Pearlridge, my dear :)
So stay tuned, great things are on the way. lots to do tomorrow, but we are getting there. thanks for all the new follows we appreciate that
What was that DOD?
smoked #babybacks. next time Im in KC-I'll bring back THE best BBQ -KATU hatchback=dining table-any standoff will do
everyone, i have been up all night, lets party!!!!!!!!!!!!
Should probably ice my ankle.......
they are delicious!
We party hard like the mexicans on may 5th-
Ah.... that haircut was 2 months overdue...
Lin might be the easiest player ever to root for! What a run for the kid..
hey cutie didn't know you were here in twitterland!
Not too thrilled that my flight number is 1666...lame.
Im a Mahomie. I like red, eat subway & fangirl. I Am What I Am.
Just tapped Harmon's Mocha Porter.
I've watched about 20 episodes of Breaking Bad this weekend. Season 4 here I come.
We threw a party. Yeah, we threw a party. Bitches came over. Yeah, we threw a party.
Lots of talk this morning from and on the importance of quality education.
Fun fact for #NFL connection: New #Arkansas coach John L. Smith, formerly of Louisville and Michigan State, is uncle of 49ers QB Alex Smith.
The Puppy Bowl has almost arrived. Rejoice.
Wireless access being installed on floors 7-10 of Thompson Library in Jan. It may be noisy for a time in certain areas.
Looks like we are turning into #legwarmers pregame central!!! Also, $2 miller kites during the O's Game!!
You tell her, Ken!
#everyblackneighborhood has a genius who will die at the hand of another black man.
New avi for you lovely people.
A tweeter with a long number for a name says someone wrote something bad about me. I'm gonna go give them give my bank account number now.
the men's room will never be the same either.
Paying to do laundry, bull shit.
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ Join us 4/7 with Fundraiser
come&carry me home, tonight.
Damn I was there and I totally forgot to bring back bourbon! #iamstupid cheers!
Just did boodylicious buns workout with !!! Ahh good workout!!xD
Be an advocate for those without access to technology, food, shelter, working identities, and unconditional love.
OMG THIS IS MY LIFE OKAY.
i think it is....even the officialdognews person isnt following me nor my bro anymore.stupid twitter
I was talking about (dv) servers, will open support request
Though I think he was just being an ass.
Real Estate News: Gulf Splurges on Home Improvement
Check out this great article about L.A.'s #1 "muckracker", Dennis McDougal, he attended & worked for the !...
a true zoot suit.
on my way 2. Was hoping to get there a little early but stuck in horrible traffic! :-(
it was amazing!! but who said i didn't have a boyfriend? i've been happily dating for over two years :)
try freemake to convert from DVD to mp4 for the PSP.
I'm heading to make some chocolate today!
Some people blind to what's in front
is lik pretty Nd awesome I just love her <33
Dex: America: Where moms get a day and sharks get a week. Me: I know right?!
Wow last night was a little much lol I think my thumb is broken ..
especially after mom washes it (: . Happy mother's dayy(:
Had your coffee yet, good afternoon :D.
it didnt screw anything, it verified who could keep a relationship
Are the hometown Braves really going to blow it?
Hmm...I have way too many worthless emails in my work inbox. Lets see if I can delete 100 emails before my 10am meeting.
so when do you celebrate your mom? Tomorrow or Sunday?
“: your a joke.” come on son. This has been up for twenty minutes and no correction. Where you at grammar police?
Thanks to new followers! I love the geographic diversity.
play that #burningMoney we #bang that shit down south !!!
Just followed after watching "The Announcement". That little girl who just made me cry watching it is making moves today!
Who got a ankle brace for they sahab?.. Lol cus I'm hoopin on this bitch!
Player of The Game...
like with most ghost stories, the Exorcist had me bored within 5 minutes...
will you be featuring more fashion styles from around the world in the upcoming months?
good night sleep tight :)
Don't go break'n my heart......
Oh, awesome :) hope you like the Xbox version too! Neat that you're from Liverpool, I worked there for a summer (2004?)
also had a weird and scary dream again. :(
When I text you back fast & you take hours I feel stupid
Watching the game on 1 ! What are you DOING FBF ? HOLLA BACK !
S/o every bitch in my tl !
that's because papa bear's the best. <3
twitter wat it is??..we behind the scenes cookin up somethin
no I bet Rev. Sharpton will be incredible.
Going to Diyarbakir tomorrow (way southeast Turkey. waving distance to Iraq southeast.) and pumped about it.
the Chiropractor today was scary!! thought i was goin to do my regular physical therapy routine get there and these bastards crackin backs!
Every time I trust someone, they show me exactly why I shouldn't.
google it
RT Thanks for great dinner & convo!
What did you expect? RT I'm still fuming about how offensively bad Dark Shadows is.
Thanks for spreading the word!
I feel like I have all the time in the world right now.
CAN'T WAIT
$75 off Permanent Makeup in Seattle/Bellevue area! Before and after photos coming soon...www.AdvancedSkinandBodySolutions.com 425-643-5772
You OK?
Play. BOYFRIEND BY JUSTIN BIEBER :) and follow me lol it takes one push of a button:)
Oh my Total Elipse of the Heart <U+2764>(: love this song <3 amazayn .
In Dallas
sorry I left!
hey Chrissy! Xo
Sweet! Thanks.
ok babe. you is followed.
Lean Cuisine wasn't up to your standards? #insulting hahaha
you are on steam? Cool!!!
that would be a HELLSYEAH! I am taking my niece for her first adventure. Its sorta a family tradition
Tonight, all about #grizznation. Tomorrow, all about La Dispute & Defeater.
an ice luge
Get up Deng. We can't b aalllll the way bogus.
its something unpredictable and in the end its right, i hope you had the time of your life.
you gonna watch me play, ye?
omg I just realized I was talking to you girls on Saturday :o
can college hurry up already?
Ready for a track meet in Pasadena.
didn't realize was the new landscaping inspector for the city of Scottsdale. Good job, stick to the pools
I just dyed my hair and it looks black its not supposed to be black D:
How cool! :) He is amazing<3
#harrypotterfilmfinale feeling sad again. for me it will never be the finale harry potter will always be part of my life
Time to study for AP Euro
if there's one thing that gets me more depressed than anything it's sports. lmao
Don't give in. I can use your help and efforts to bring CC along into the SoMe world. Got to love Free Citizen Wifi access.
can't you try again?! This spring streak has got me itching for warmer weather now!
UPS guy who delivered my phone just correctly guessed that I lost my phone at Coachella.. I really need to take off this wristband
So f.ckin funny
What? As I was leaving the bar keeper person asked if I was taking his picture. I said "no! On twitter." He smiled, gave me his
Fresh juice is the BEST breakfast. Ever try leafy greens? So good. RT Tada! Breakfast in a glass!
Thank you Kazu-san!!! I hope you are doing great.
#YoMommaSoFat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
How excited am I allowed to get about Stanford and the NIT tourney? My brain says not very much, but my heart says, embrace it.
Ellen Brazer announces the re-publication of her first book, award winning, Hearts of Fire, Historical fiction. Great read!
ha ha
Is AIDS the new black??
#asksarah will you follow me? :) your soo pretty! x
#thatawkwardmoment when you have an actual phone call with someone versus a text
Big air, Big moves, and even bigger ideas. Rut Hockey's new spot
#howtosurviveahorrormovie if you hear a creepy noise & say hello? They aren't gonna respond "in the kitchen, want something before you die?"
(Persius) He conquers who endures.
lol truth tell all your friends its at the boom boom room lol
i was talking shit out of disappointment. They were playing scared. Now they've got some confidence and its paying off
If you're up to it! ;p haha jk.
I seriously wish my phone didn't die every time I tried to answer a call
that was so much fun. Glad it all worked out with little to no planning :-)
Some extra cash wouldn't hurt!
Luv will make u do sum crazy things!
RT : 4 yrs ago, states were focused on "proficient." Today 95% of students covered by #CCSS or other college ready stds.
That mickey dee's sunday was the best havent had one of those in a while...
#aam2011 onward! Go forth! Fail!!
Life Celebrating Rolling Stones 50th Anniversary With New Book Recap
is puking a version of trying to ice the #nuggets?? Lol
While some people are coming out of clubs drunk, im just getting off of work as a hard working man I am (:
you gona make it out this Friday to Club Downtown. Just added $2 Any Beer Spcl before 11! Still got $4 any drink. Roll thru
its all good bra my Shit gets fucked up all the time lol
loved spending it with you once again!! Great work today! And plus in spirit !
Yup, looks like it! If you do decide to after all, def. let me know! Great to see you on here. Love the small world of the internet!
Didn't go home this weekend. Only thing I'm missing is a big dinner on Sunday and chocolate bunnies. Making movies is better anyway.
I saw one guy get hit in the nuts, and by his friends reaction it looked like all of them got hit in the nuts.
Yeah! Lick all the gravy out and leave the food. Makes mom nuts! MOL!!!
Tonight is behind the bar. Wonder what he'll choose for the $5 happy hour craft cocktail?
re "Excellent interview!" Wow, thanks for reading it! I am honored! Comes out in print edition Munich & Berlin this week.
#96-Nick Collins-FS-Green Bay Packers
Artist: do you want to quit your day job and make a decent living doing your art full time—for the rest of your life?!
On Platform Heritage for Exxon finally. Had a great week end, time with my kids, church and quite time with the wife
Good morning twitterverse! Long time no tweet!
For awhile there I just thought pirates were careless about protecting their eyes. Now the patch totally makes sense.
Never mind the ex ladies
Did you race Sunday? Share your experiences!
Jeremy Spencer: Proof every rock star wishes they were a comedian and every comedian wishes they were a rock star
"Air Alert"
U.S. Border Patrol Agents in Santa Teresa have arrested Victor Moncayo-Pando, 40, who was wanted in Texas for sexually assaulting a child.
oh! Can't wait to hear all about it!
School Was Awesome I Got To Kiss Him 4 Times :-*
Put my pride to the side and say fuck it
Can't wait for the #saints game tom I actually get to watch it...
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - Consumer Services MVNOs Moving & Evolving
aww thats awesome!:) im soo happy for you! and go for it because YOLO:p
When a zombie apocolypse happens so I can see a bunch of black guys who have pants falling off they're ass's getting chased.
my first time with material culture and I am more confused than ever. The prof says this is normal but it makes doing the assignments a pain
Love that! Farmer's market meets Fanon RT : Decolonizing my stomach & body w/a trip to farmers market!
been a long ass while since ive been on twitter.
the machines are now sentient, and angry with you...
Let Army Airborne drop in with food they could secure an airdrop in Haiti
all the other people not adults r either 8 or 8 -____-
Sounds like he might be ready to host another one?
thanks love! I definitely got good wear out of them in Antigua:) x
About to make another health tip commercial on animoto. Its pretty cool. May get the paid sub so I can make longer ones
I am out of scotch. This is a problem.
Packing up the car heading to la!!!
If you were Gump's kid you'd have a gold plated toilet! Stop the hate!
The wind is in full force today!!!! Don't get bloooooooownn aaaaawwwwaaaaayyyyyy!!!!! And use lots of hairspray! Lol! ;-)
$15.40 on barnes and noble.. and im 28! how old are u?
Off to work gotta make that bread and butter
RT ¡ATTENTION! To whom it may concern:AT THE DRIVE-IN will be breaking their 11 year silence THIS STATION IS …NOW…OPERATIONAL
Lol I'm weak how twitter chicks talk bout #basic bitches, and half their tweets consist of #basic shit.
cant wait to get my new d.c's this weekend from ur store :)
Oh. It's a thing. Probably one of the more impressive things that have happened to mankind in the past week
Heraclitus~ If it were not for injustice men would not know justice.
JUST BECAUSE I'M SMILING DOESN'T MEAN I'M HAPPY
“: BREAKING: Parks & Rec, 30 Rock, AND Community all CANCELED by NBC.” Whaaaaa???
have fun Wendi! Say hi to for me. He's about to speak! Wish I could be there.
Here's my number, call me maybe!(:
FYI: Mississippi Secretary of State Office will be closed on Friday, December 30th and Monday, January 2nd.
Yes! Strawberry it is! Swirly soon! RT : strawberry.
Off to #VRA_ARLIS2011!
+1 “: I really like Sunday mornings. I get some of my best thinking done.”
NP: Anita Baker- caught up in the rapture!!
true indeed and Monroe will be honored on Wednesday night, 25 would be a good number
Had the best time ever at house.
They're going to mimic Fenway park with...T-shirt cannons? I've clearly been missing this portion of the proceedings for years and years.
We're back!! Open normal business hours this week - Thursday. Open New Years Eve 10am - 5pm. Come take advantage of the 7for5 Special!
Show your audience how your life changed after you implemented the ideas you are going to teach them.
As much as i wanna marry a brunette im prolly gunna end up marryin a blonde
awesome. I'll have to keep an eye out for that. I am so bad at consistency with blogging, I always fall off. haha.
"And will you tell all our friends, you've got your gun to my head, this song is only wishful thinking..." -cute without the e #TakingBa ...
made myself a pottermore :)
Please do.
maybe you can help with the audio...the reverb clanging is annoying--will not get an
Okay you already know I'm coming. Miss you.. Both of you. Btw how are you tweeting?
Good morning all! I'll be live on the TODAY show this morning. Tune in!!
How many homes are for sale in your neighborhood? Get your free report at www.atlanta-home-sales.net.
dinner date when you come back please :)
the right amount RT How rude is it to walk over to a guy with an apparent combover and say "Accept yourself. Shave it off."?
i ordered 2 records on dec 7th. think i'll get them before the 23rd?
Some old dude said this park looks like Wrigley...I punched him the face and stole his Coors light.
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this Christmas
What if we can breathe in space and they don't want us to escape? -TheJake
Thank you!
Ok, considering she's staying home and going local, thank goodness for me! :D
fun to follow another Cox!! So love that show!
I like biting and licking lol (Ur Nasty if u thought this was about sex) - Lollipop April Fools :D
Srsly? The House took a bill TO THE FLOOR that advocated the return to the Gold Standard? Can they not see the damage they are doing?
1st paper: Crimes of passion: regulation of interracial sex in Washington state - by Jason Gillmer
everyone in my family enjoys it--the best elements of PRINCESS BRIDE but greater, also good for a couple to enjoy together.
Shout Out To All The UK Swaggers!!! We Got Alot, Mad Love
I don't know why I get treated so badly. For someone who does nothing but put everything he has into others I sure do feel a lot of pain.
agreed. great job RT Ironically I think what VW has going is a great product/brand fusion
Follow This is a social networking experiment class project. Help us reach 10,000 followers by Feb 22. #ThingsThatAreAwesome!
At gpls cataloging summit learning frbr vocab. I don't get half of it, but I'm focused.
oh i see well other people are saying The Miz wasn't on Raw but how come I saw him for a few mintues
*raises hand* Whovian here!
Yeah, I'm a risk taker.
I wish Bradley Nowell was still alive
Thanks! Send us the link to your FB page so we can "Like" you back!
It's pretty nice. My older daughter took skating lessons there
Gather yourself hottovy
My mom didn't pick the line with the gorgeous cute cashier.
I hate it when you lie, I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry.
Christopher Hitchens, RIP. A great friend to the world of ideas. #hitch MT
": I hate ignorance!!" Ditto
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
S/O to ma sis ! Go follow her NOW I'm serious.
I enjoy your bits on the L&T show.
Hella?!? You're speaking my lingo now!
the butterfly thing & I should have said happy things :)
This is third series I've said I could be at game 4 when they sweep. Never thought it'd really happen!!! See you Sunday!!!!
Geez, thanks for all of the follows. I'm tempted to show my parents and maybe they'll love me again!
u kno I'm fin to upload some new shyt now lol
howdy darlin' sorry I'm slow on the tweet trigger
In the studio with today!! And then later to the roxy to watch him show los angeles what the eff is up!
So excited for this year....gonna be the Bomb....pun totally intended
im proud of ya
Really excited about getting into the Boston International Film Festival! See "My Summer in the City" Monday April 16th, 12:30pm! AMC Loews
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Already done. I was quite a fan. The ending was a bit too abrupt and unsatisfying for my tastes, though
OMG this is awkward ahahah
Had a great afternoon with Kiki at the shop...
Apparently they're doing a new Thundercats series. That's pretty fantastic.
What would happen if an Irresistable Force met an Immovable Object?
The JPA 5K is now a CARA certified event. That means a discount for CARA members!!!
AAM's here this week. We oughta get a beer with
Southwest has ripped a hole in my patience.
We All Miss 1D On X Factor :( Buh That's Okayy' Coz There Doing Well Now #Well Done 1D
Help trend #ArianaDidAmazing please! Tell others! RT<3 PLEASE
RT : Four days until Medicine Collection Day at Miller Park. Get rid of unused meds and score a free bag of......
I think I nun got use to Akilah's driving.
that's good of you!
Thanks Don! RT : Keep up the great work Coach!
lol let me use your student email ;]
I unintentionally read most of your journal a week or so ago. Didn't mean to, but got sucked in. Good stuff.
first he didn't, 2nd could have went either way and 3rd he didn't do enough with his take down.
Scientists need to get into schools/communities and build familiarity.
"$47 billion in millionaires' money is less than $300 million in mammograms and birth control." Interesting math.
Goodnight, =] please tweet or dm me when you get on tomorrow, I love you babe!
I know, & yayyyyyyyy <3333 but who am I going to talk to for 2 weeks? :O
Quote on channel bundling comes from an analyst, who calls it an advantage; funny how you're the only one who couldn't see why.
Happy President's Day and Happy Family! How are you celebrating yours?
Just about ready to send off my exam, and then I think I am going to crack open a Monk's Blood! I'm dead - I'm gonna hang here.
Rumors swirling that organizers have enough signatures to recall the Gov.
LIAR! #unforgettable ;P
If I took you home, I'd be a home run..
- He was atrocious. But equally bad.
Nobody Wants Somebody , Who's Been With Everybody !
thank you!:)
Wanting to read Rework by the 37 Signals crew.
If you click this, we will write a album for you :)
On the Mac there is Bias Peak and Apple's Soundtrack pro
Not really my style.
:) Thank you for reaching out last week. Emailing you back shortly. (notice the "u" this time ?? LOL)
Hello! Thanks for the mention =)
when all things are above / the change you saw in rooms, slowly constructed / in the dead light of a sky that fights your / every breath
If you've been charged with a crime, you need the best and most aggressive attorney. Call (619) 692-9001 in
Random: Who wants to be part of a flash mob today? Contact me for more info!
I did! :/ BUT I was able to get myself home regardless of how tired I was!! So I'm good :)
it's the Gemini inside sorry. ;)
Okay this is getting boring, watching people dance to polish music i dont understand isnt fun :P
Rhino's got free wifi.
your #Occupy LA protest coverage is filled w/judgement. It's not theatre it's reality. There's no script. Get a clue.
Great promo for MLS #FirstKick in the Championship Game. Congrats #Lobos cc
haha yeah true that but I admit the optima looks pretty slick for an economy car. The Features rival luxury name brands now
Burnt Tongues
Dying to take a fake sick day so I can play Kirby's Dreamland. Not gonna, but I want to.
Happy Thanksgiving from FUEL Milwaukee!
Denver is mostly liberal although the homeless bill doesn't reflect that.
What does everyone think of the new logo?
no more Red Solo Cup for this guy
WOW! Midcourt 3-point shot for the miracle 2nd Half cover! #badgers #sports betting
Horrible having feelings for someone and knowing your never gunna tell them.
Sowing more veg seeds indoors for starter plants. Thinking of getting another grow light fixture. Hope I don't get raided for a grow op.
Trying to stick to my schedule. Final Manuscript edits schedule to be complete by 9/28 (exciting!) Book Cover by 10/5 (extra exciting!)
We had a great #SpringBreak. We reopen today. We invite you to visit.
Never heard of it! What type of food is it? RT : First stop: Ricobenes. Always.
RT: ::RT:: IF YOU THINK ME AND SHOULD LINK UP FOR FLA
I. Hate. My. Work.
So excited to see #Seminar on #Broadway this afternoon. Love
let me know when you get out here.
despite that near-collapse, the #nuggets have a legit chance to win this series. Win tonight, get a win in gm 6, they could take game 7.
congrats to on their launch!
THAT is a bad look.
Looking for established blogs/websites created by Minnesota women...any suggestions?
RT : Emery says Jeffery is "very dynamic vertical receiver" and a "mismatch with the ball in the air."
#ThisSummerImTryna learn how to surf! Read Les Mis, go to concerts.
"post-print" not being particularly meaningful; post-editing vs published is definitely a red herring. :)
your really pretty :)
I can't figure out what to give her for valintines day
Music video coming out today!!
Will Anthony Davis unibrow get his own area code in Charlotte next year?
My mom drives me crazy
After a weekend of more sun than I've seen in the last 6 months, I've escaped to air conditioning.
Going Out Tonight With Some Ppl Hope It Goes Ok Heheh & No Sex For Me Lol Party Time And I Still Dont Have My Home Work Done hahaha Oh Well
Where the he'll is Latrell Spreeeeeewell! That dude was il no literally, Ron Artest metta Aimt got nothin on my dude! Hilarious
The delivery guy just made me come down to the lobby to sign for my pizza. Isn't that punishable by death during the Super Bowl?
Love hearing childhood memories about baseball - such a great joy in life.
Aight I'm in the bed wit the fam. Goodnight/good morning ppl
Lol Yeah I Am Tuff. StarlifeJoJoB
PEOPLE SUCK.
I have to go to the bathroom, but I'm going to wait!
I know my fav saw my last subtweet bout her CIERRA
"If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to." - Dorothy Parker
Hate that I'm in #Dallas and not at #SecretWineParty at
I think you're right. the offense Is smoking hot and bard has something to prove.
First experience ever with wifi on a plane. Kind of convenient, kind of scary- I always thought of flying as the one place you could escape.
dunno yet Wbu?
My dad just won some mega awesome parent points. His favorite band right now is the Civil Wars.
I just saw what people have called a 'Selena Gomez'. I don't understand what the huff is all about...She looks like a Pomeranian
yep real good been away a while. Good to catch up
Thanks! I LOVE dolphins & often see dolphins while surfing :)
ssshh... did u just touch wood when u said that Annie?
except in healthcare, oddly enough: Cheaper/Quicker usually means higher quality, too!
Very #dayofDH: IT sent network tech to boost wifi in my classroom so all students can use , #voyant-tools, &
hey come discount double check out the show tonight at ten bells in bayview
hey boss, anyway can have off for Columbus Day tomorrow? You know how important this holiday is for us.
For writers, this from Alan Watt; "when we make the story more important than the result, the story has a chance to live."
Flo, let's make it 11:30. I'm heading out to a meeting shortly, should be done by 11. Let's talk!
U have a pretty voice..
- Thanks for posting about our volunteer training!
Charleston - cleaner, safer and the best restaurants in the South!
The New York Lottery’s Mega Millions jackpot is up to $500,000,000! I’m going to play today!
#asecs12 Carey asking Pangbourne, do you see a tradition of Americans measuring their imperial aspirations against Islamic empire?
upgrade? from a nokia to a flip phone??!!! n*gga please :]
Image from area near NW 5th and NW Couch, where police say man jumped from 5th floor of building after running from officers.
#visionconf inspirational words "ecoligical issues are global issues"
& just to be consistent, here's your treat 4 last nite's attacks ": Stephen A and I about to do battle. Be there."
Hollywood, what!? What are you going there for? And when r u visiting NYC?
Decided instead of getting the day started right away, to spend an hour in bed listening to Josh Radin. I feel rejuvenated!
if you're 0-4, I think you forfeit the right to call anything a swindle.
all good here. Skj just waiting to hear from universities. March is for choices, April for decisions! Empty nest here we come!
A real relationship is not built on being nice; it's built on being real.
im so proud of you right now.....that was amazing<3 simply incredible
It's a little tricky, forget about the first couple of attempts. You might get the custard right, but the pastry...
What do u need hlp with? Where are u located?
sun's setting on that course, lol. He'll be home in 10!
that's tough. I'm not sure who helps the other more
AV the tweeting machine
S/o to all the beautiful people out there.
....A quick walk in this foggy, chilly weather will really get your blood pumping... I'm finally awake! :) ¡BUENOS DÍAS!
Nah, sold out, worked instead...going Monday night though! Whatchu doin tonite?
-- i gave in and watched #thevoice... #payphone... AWESOME... now my a-d-d is setting in... back to @
As I was DJing, playing Wilco's "hummingbird" to be exact, some dude played "It takes two" by Rob Base and DJ EZ Rock on the jukebox.
Cornell doc used as a reference in my #cmtraining webinar - nice to see my past and present worlds interacting :)
#freshmanyeartaughtme when you make out with guys from choir or the theatre department, don't be surprised if they come out by graduation.
Glad you enjoyed your #gf meal! Have a wonderful holiday and we look forward to our picnics together in 2012!
Bill Leavy is a terrible ref. Just plain bad.
Only have 5 minutes before #Kaspersky freezes my system again..so quick, suggestions for a better Internet Security program?
Justin's shoe size is only 7 1/2. Can that be right?
Congrats on your first 50<U+2605> tweet you lame-o. It only took you 3 years to get one.
omg my TL is filled with #RAW tweets and I can't watch it till later. :'( Brb for 3 hours you spoilers. Why must you tweet everything?
Doheny Memorial Library
I thought that too. Use the same stuff as always. Unless they changed formula
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON!!! Hope your day goes perfect! <333_
Radio playing The Beatles albums straight through
"Yeah, he's Q on Star Trek". "John DeLancie, don't I follow him on Twitter? He has a Speedo?" "No, that's " me +
Absolutely I will. I'm in LOVE with my !!! Excited to see how well my new lip tar glides right on with your amazing lip brush
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! CD Release show @ The Triple Rock in Minneapolis, MN! more details on www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
Just got rained on walking back from my biology final and only slipped twelve times. Ok sixteen. Well, forty-two. Thug life.
Thank you for stopping by!!
"Wear the old coat and buy the new book." - Austin Phelps, 1881
Haha I think it means Peyton no longer has interest in the Redskins?
Twitting skimmer (sorry. One person in the world will get this)
Anyone want to go to the UK/UofL baseball game tonight in Lexington?
Here comes the funk, the whole funk, and nothing but the funk.
All laughs now, but cut throat very soon.
I love you thhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssss much & more ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
why does the pineapple i just cut up taste like soap? icky
Is there a pattern here to my favorite guys?? Jake, Jake Austin, Austin... <U+2665>
Indeed! RT : Well said by : "Health communication is hard. Life is complicated and people are strange."
A Golf With Exceptional Grip - New York Times
I love the new pic ;D
What were you doing ten years ago today? Write it and perform @ milwaukee avenue arts fest 7/25 for TWW's Rx Reading Series
Omg just realized I said flowers haha
I am not an expert but I've had friends in your same shoes and it is a tough situation, good luck & keep your heart in it.
You have my vote!! ": since becoming an actual candidate, I have renounced the use of the guillotine against the worst...
RT I just sent u a drop. i couldn't find any acapellas from songs with "Atown" in it..
let's see if you'll come up with a lie...
WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!
SOTU yah for community college shout out, not so keen on reframing as completely vocational.
Found at the - try them, they rock!
Everyone please tell your friends to follow us! We are only 14 followers away from 1000! Please help us! :D
Shoulda been QPR going down but let's be honest, Owen Coyle is no Premier League manager.
Spelling mistakes can ruin your life. Tre story one man sent this text to his wife, "I'm having a great time, wish you were her."”
Good afternoon to two of the sexiest ladies that I know:-)
thanks for sharing the project! :)
Empire Records iis on Netflix! AH!
awww I really did I had no one to argue with lol everbody was like.. mane I wish destiny was here ..:(
#ChuckNorris once bet NASA he could survive re-entry without a spacesuit.
Playing Frisbee by yourself is a rough game. Will someone come and play with me? Please?!
Gimme the Gig ... Having a blast ! Meeting awesome poeple in awesome bands doing awesome things! AWESOME!
why cant you see that i been texting you all day?
Some of my most memorable clothing items from the 90s were Timberland boots and LL Bean pullovers! Not cruise-appropriate! ;)
Fake me is right. I AM bored. I WANT to talk. And you're assholes. ": Hey, assholes! I'm bored, assholes. Talk to me, assholes."
2 days without a Human Rights Violation!
FACEBOOK HAS A FACEBOOK, TWITTER HAS A TWITTER, TUMBLR HAS A TUMBLR, LINKEDIN HAS A LINKED IN. JOIN ME ON, LIKE, FOLLOWING A MODIFIED TWEET.
My Starbucks cup says Sheamus. Close enough.
i still think you are ready to audition, Im just trying to think of it as another class, ,but w strangers, and scarier ;p
Why you askin' all them questions?
Sigh. It's too bad I can't get paid for knowing stupid things, like all Six of Charlie's Angels by actress, character, & city of origin...
We shop at the same Forever 21. Can I get a RT?
i love you babe wait i dont have a babe
You guys are too cute girrl !
So apparently the o-line is not an issue anymore because Martz called alot of 7 step drops we'll see
how have YOU been?? Miss you & the whole AZ RE crew.
My manager e-mailed you, did you get it??
Baked Pierogi w/Uzvar or Salmon Tartare with Baby Beets Salad & Sparkling Water or Soda. Pick any brunch 4 Mom.
reading your stupid ass tweets..
like juice from beetles haha u can buy it... It seriously makes then go away and it wont leave a scar
your phone sucks, apparently.
Does anyone else watch #Revenge I absolutely love this show on #ABC on Wednesday nights?
Husky Game Day Baby! Can't wait to see our boys in the Garden. Come to The Spot to watch with us.
Nice to "meet" you, ! I look forward to our conversations!
HOT DAMN.
I like the first one! :) hehe
Nf, can I get a follow back?
Longcat is long
A #saxophone is like a lawsuit. Everyone is happy when the case is closed.
another day, another blessing ..
Let content dictate breakpoints in responsive design, not device size
The stars r beautiful out in the open road... Where all i think about is you my one true love...
Are they going to kick it to Hester?
killed it on the Evolution series tonight. Nathan Davis' piece for ring modulated crotales and clarinet + cell phones FTW
One more dog adoption and I can afford the jacuzzi upgrade.
Hello Twitter-verse!
Happy Mother's Day!
It's time to dominate this paper...uh, after I watch Glee.
yup im so happy its a saturday! haha #icangohardallday lol
follow Steve Lenox, and Steve return the favor-Lenox is a good Cork man (via Newark, NJ)
I love you to baby:D and your awesome vagina;)<3
NEW YEAR'S EVE = FREE CHAMPAGNE AT MIDNIGHT...Join us!
Lots of #capitals fans out tonight
What a shitty night....
Omg long Time
Sexiness is a synonym for mysterious.
Singing to get women is cheating
HEY JOEY!!! would you follow me please?? :D i Love you in Ramona and Beezus i think thats how you spell it... Please :D
RT : MWP made the right basketball play! Point blank period! A NBA pro has to make open shots!!!
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one. Charles Horton Cooley
Payout Music babay!
I do too! :) RT : We LOVE you back, I'm not sure about that person though.
it's pronounced "Hahk-med" Correct?
that ain't a tattoo. That's an imprint because you passed out on top of the emblem
Who will we be seeing Saturday for our Cinco De Drinko party? ;)
strange reaction considering the no. of Arse players at City now.
Why is it that when couples aint married they wanna act married but when theyre married that can be married & are always clashing
way too much time with Frankel. I actually went to CBS. Poor Savannah...
Now retweet that I was kidding :)
<---- M FOLLOW AUSTIN'S PIZZA(: <3 I mean you should because 1. PIZZA IS DELICIOUS 2. It's Austins(:
lol no. That drawing was on a WHOLE new level
#ItsFunnyHow you can tell someone likes someone else, but you can't tell when someone likes you.
Amazing to think Champion owned the uniform rights to the 1992 USA Basketball team.
My honesty is one of my worst traits ... I come off "boujee" and "stuck up"
Sounds like Jamie is a stalker!
Every time I laugh in class and can't stop this kid in my class thinks I'm on drugs lmfaooooo
You mention the NFL and MLK Day How come the NFL offices are open on MLK DAY. They took the S/Bowl away from AZ but they are open
Aw thank you Nikia! Likewise! I appreciate ya ;D
Please follow me i'd be the happiest girl to walk the Earth! #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE!:)
Looking for some really cute oxfords.. If you're in the DC area then look no further! Go visit and pick up some MTNG oxfords :)
not sure. haven't been yet. can't make it, sadly. mega suck. go. MINES are fucking great.
What an overload of information. Now he's a manager at a restaurant.
bring yo pretty self on up! My hands long to play in your hair!!
Yeah, thinking much the same. We don't have a research budget, per se. But my dean would be amenable to a couple books a semester.
Looking for a quick bite before the #NACUA workshop starts? There's a great European bistro on the lower lobby level of the Fairmont.
Wilbon also said Nash would not fit on Miami. So theres that...
: i damn sho' would!
Thanks for having us! RT : Great day at the LMA Toronto Conference. #lmatorconf. Thx to everyone who made this day possible!
and by over here you mean over here right?
If all the raindrops were lemondrops and gumdrops, oh that would really hurt a lot.
Seether is taking the stage... Blowing the roof off!
Reading your last night's tweets to piece together what happened because you got your drunk on. Hard.
So glad to be home!
I gotta be next to you. <3
Watched #girls on YouTube.Immediate reaction, following 's post: will we get to meet the housekeeper Hannah stole from?
I refuse to watch that again. Omg.
Lots of cool stuff about windows 8... if only it wasn't vaporware.
funny, I was in the same situation. heartbreaking.
I hate when people go the extra mile to front on facebook when u know the truth about them lol
everyday i wish for to follow me he never does but i wont give up ill be wishing for him to follow me when im 80
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. -Albert Einstein
ok so i practiced driving today in my friends dad's truck and like i seriously almost had a heart attack . i honestly dont think im ready
Encouraging to move beyond "social media is two-way" & "be there or be square" @ #2011cmc. Next, let's problematize "authenticity" of voice.
ya i hate school :/ and im pissed thats the only stop in texas
Great place to watch the game too RT : Von Trier. Still an east side treasure.
it's gone already.. Lol... Were u from?
Sometimes it seems safer to hold it all in, where the only person who can judge you is yourself.
Pretty people, smart people, tall people, athletic people R privileged. That's cause we're human beings & we have senses.
Today's the day we string together two wins a row and start a new winning streak. Time to beat up on the Twins & crush their souls
Frank Sinatra before bed, love having my own studio to myself
Got the car stuck in the mud. Sludge!
i'm not shy i'm just holding back my awesomeness so i don't intimidate you
Think we're all set!
It's Truthing but that's ok “: After this performance, next time we see Tebow he's going to be Piercing.”
Finally here!
Thanks!! Better things are coming too. RT : you guys make some cool shoes
1. that's not a pregnancy test, and 2. you're pissing on my flash drive
Yeah buddy! I was in between patients.
i forgot all about mike bibby. he used 2 be that dude 4real.
Some ppl can rly be irritating
Raking leaves. .....My neighbors hate my leaves. I think they are pretty. Goes to show you that we all have different perspectives.
did you know she moved and is nowhere near a curling club!
hey Ma! follow back!
Wine and blueberries
Pre-Opening Party w/ The Presidents of the United States of America + Battle of the Geek Bands @ ShowboxSODO. Doors open 5.
hell yea cuz i keep writin for no reason..
Beautiful! RT: Children, Nature is a book and each object in Nature is a page in the book~Amma
Mothers Rule :-) RT : I'm glad my mommy can fix cars. She's putting my new battery in.
Even Ron Paul's Eyebrows are embarrassed by his "get any gayer" joke.
"Just like the clouds my eyes will do the same, if you walk away everyday it wil rain" -BMars #theman #YesStillJammingToThisSong (:
yes, there are, but the $10 student spots are going fast!
Dear Mike: Your "schtick" with Mike Golic is already way too old. Thanks, a former listener.
and I would love some FroYo at Metro Center on this lovely Spring day!!! We'll bring friends too!!!
I hope you go to prison Blocked
#DWTS tomorrow!! who's voting for ?
Yes, given the size of those fanbases, that would be expected by any statistician.
It is Monday and it is looking like an amazing week.
hey! Been a huge fan forever :) #askshane what's your favorite flavor of ice cream, sherbet, sorbet, or frozen deliciousness?
It helps us all by promoting equality,but I'm ok with him back-burnering it until after th election,it'll be a tough fight as it is.
Going to be a dogfight at the top of the table in the EPL!
Thanks, Janet! Quite happy with the Council's unanimous vote. Hope the Mayor will listen to them!
Caps win. Big Bad Bruins miss Nate Horton.
one of the sickest rappers/ soul artists ever. SUBMiT
Thank you for your thoughtfulness!!! Yes, it went through and yes, we are still packing! Hooray!
2 days left then Its back to prison ! (School) -___-
Success! Got Craigslist advice from Cindy and had Hyde Park Chocolate Cake Date w/Bibi. All in all, a good day.
hey dude! We had fun hanging out with you guys at the concert. Rock on sista :)
how fun would that be! Will would love it.
Since the casino is opening up, I'll be wandering around town looking for Danny Ocean and the boys...
Knowing you can't "really get weird" at your friend's party b/c you're running an 8k in the AM.
Mommie: let's watch movies all day Me: okay!!!! Mommie:z lmao happy mothers day to my mommie
There's a definite power shift that occurs anytime there are more dogs than humans in a house.
Luc Lac kitchen. Love his place! Tai Iced tea is dope and the chicken skewers are killin it.
that is affirmative!
Would I be a TOTAL witch if I screeched, "YOUR PLACE IS HERE!!!" right now? <U+2665>
Mornin y'all
Once again, and their shitty way of not keeping formatting has ruined my day
This sucks.. Now I know how a pirate must feel. It is not the business trying to see things out of only one eye..
Nor on the web, it's the Bane of US cycling coverage. For some reason road noise is verboten.
Do random fans always pat your back when you're doing the game recap?
Im going to graduate, leave Florida and Move to California by 2014!
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless
Let's go, Chattanooga! Who's ready for some crafty Warehouse Row action this weekend?
Tavern Downtown::Sunday Thru Tuesday ALL DAY SPECIALS! Large Pizza $10—$8 Nets 13 Wings—4 Classic Sliders for $4...We are the proud Fan...
#Flyers with a strong PK this time. Nabokov makes a big save on a SH rush
are they holding signs that say "we want a bailout"? cause those aren't rats dude...those are protesters. :)
Jonah hill is too funny
Being in C#hicago was fun yesterday...today I will explore my city! ~
I think read my tweet. <3 Because I tweeted him to pray for London,next thing he tweeted was about London. <3 OMG...
Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to the Belle Isle Grand Prix this summer!
you should follow me because i do an A+ helicopter impression
Happy New Year!! Have a wonderful 2012 - hope to see you in your town soon!!
The Irouleguy is sharper and more angular than the Madiran to me. The Madiran was all soft curves and this is hard corners.
You've got to be kidding me!
Libricide book, 3 types: destruction, decline, displacement.
So glad my phone is back :-) whats up tweeters...
don't do it!
I don't mind being in school today, I just don't feel like doing any work -___-
I'm driving home tomorrow. Get at me if you want a ride.
That was me and my world famous Top Banana jersey! See you at #SMPSdc tonight?
going to find the pink bat tomorrow!
Debunking a myth: Generation Y will not usher in a post-paper world. Books will exist on multiple levels and appeal to a variety of readers.
Oh yeah Good Morning Tweeters!!! :)
Wish me luck Time to go in for my cataract surgery
Gimme your BB pin,I wanna call you.... lmao
I just became a really big fan just 1hr ago I LOVE ur voice n hope u make it far n life u got my vote on the next music awards
Just heard a fascinating presentation on political sorting in online dating: people sort correctly w/o seeing explicit political opinions!
Music is my life.
My New Favorite Workout Tool - Amazing Workout! Training with resistance bands allows you to build long, lean muscle and burn fat all...
ash check ya self before ya wreck ya self jk but i do hate it! With a passion! Lol
lol likey cliques. Everyone has their lil set group of friends&dont fw anyone else
You were like the cutest baby ever! Haha :))
Have a great Mother's Day!
Or curler.. This is my natural hair. Lol"
Poor waiter. I'm watching this guy and his table will make him either lose his patience or his mind
listen idk what doth of kink ur into but my glasses better be clean!
oh you fancy. when are you going? we'll be done recording soon… 2 singers left.
Thanks, as always, for the #FF !
Any ASIAN Mahomies here ?
right. But if its 4 NEW tires...
He'll have his college TE to throw to, so that should help. We should be able to at least double our win total from last year! ;)
Maybe yea
Had A BUSY Day.Finished Taking A Shower Now Going To Sleep,Almost 10pm
what a chode
Coffee is what water aspires to be...
sweet. I didn't know she did that. Well, Mapleton half marathon here I come!
I stand correct 'if the schools come to an agreement' aka buyout. But this isn't over correct? NCAA will have their say?
I hope headlines has a show soon. I have a little fan girl crush on :)
ur profile pic n.n ur hair color is perfect :)
RT Thank you to the students and facility at Georgia Tech that are using us regularly. Have you told your friends about us?
i can't wait to hear what the news is!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Run! It's the cops!
My family will appreciate the fact that my chatacter's name on Days of Our Lives is Francisco...which was my grandfather's name.
Nature vs nurture. Data for nature seems stronger every day.
we have a chime when people chat with you. Are you hearing it? I sent a message or two yesterday to you.
Oh Gini... You're one of a kind. Haha
Can't do anything right,
thanks Lisa! Checking it out now.
About to write with the talented Trevor Forsman for his project. Let's go!!
now a Chicago tool,lol...miss ya Ben
Thanks for this. I had the peppers in my hand trying to think of something to do with them yesterday.
Remember the HFH billboards? We r making bags w/ them but we need help cutting. Sat 9:30-3:30 Interested>
I hope you don't mind. We like to share articles that alumni have written. Thank you for the follow.
just like old times.
Two more days of #Seattle Restaurant Week! Yum!
Reflecting: back from FLA vacation, Easter svc w/ family, Masters Sunday, then return 2 "get to go to" job
Won't lie... #Avengers kick some major ass!!! Can't wait to go again with !!!! (and soon, I hope!)
SO. EXCITED. FOR. TONIGHT.
Learning blues and jazz songs to expand my repertoire for a radical change of pace.
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy all of the NHL games live online!!!!
Hello and thx for following!
let's get weird halloween weekend.
-Whatever ur view on raging immig. debate lets face it: whats not to like about holiday that celebrates kicking of French ass?
tru!!! And my bestie came home so I'm gonna drive her to the airport later so driving to ri and then to Logan is a lot of gas<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
come out this friday night! : )
looks good!! Lol
Ooh! American bandmasters association!
I'm super excited too!
My teacher this morning was like "ok I'm just gonna drink more coffee wit kalua." Hahaha
All wars are follies, very expensive and very mischievous ones. - Benjamin Franklin
What do you mean? I don't work in fashion!! Lol
I miss you too! Had lunch with and we talked about how I miss seeing you!
Rite now! It's Banamas sunset Wednesday till 2
hey im on twitter while im in science!!!! im being a bad girl hahah!!<3 how ya doin niall???<3
Is is never safe to look into the future with eyes of fear
C u then! : Join me 4 Twitter discussion this Sun, 4/22 ET on the topic, "What Is a Confident #Woman?" Hashtag
#VotegrahamBGT trended in less than 3 minutes. Directioners seriously own twitter..
“: Spanish women ARE beautiful <3”
RT : fell down a wikipedia rabbit hole. send cheese.
South Loop workplace already NATO-d out. Practically had to pass a polygraph to get past security into the building.
22-1 for the #Clippers? That is amazing. Crowd is in shock
He worried about my digits, but I'm worried about his girlfriend's digits...
RT : Q2 Some of greatest power lies in grad students. have power to speak, write, and promote change in a way admins cannot
What is it with all the laughing on these NBC shows! It's unbearable.
How many days a week do you feel crappy because you didn't get enough done?
AUSTIN MAHONE AND JB SHOULDN'T EVEN BE IN THE SAME PICTURE WITH 1D!!! AM AND JB ARE WAAAYY BETTER THEN THE 5 MUSKETEERS PUT TOGETHER!
Love the article. I heard M Monahan at Marquette U deliver a similar critique of the language of "privilege" at a conf last fall.
Even when no one is going to see you, try to look nice. Opportunities r everywhere. B ready!
Nagging feeling I made appt to meet someone Sat pm at #alamw12 but not in calendar. After meet that is.
OMG!! Our card was stolen, we're are waiting for the information, it was somewhere between williamsburg and greenpoint!
Remember, continue giving special love to mom everyday
you gave me my wish, of following me<3 imma true mahomie! *mahomies gonna love* wow, youre amazing(: RT/Tweet me back(;
These new people do not know the ropes that well and they will jump at anything
what are you going to do with all your posters..?
“: check out MrSmooth.com for swimming form. Great site that will showcase proper form. #Triathlon #swimming” Thx!
My fiancé is not agreeing to my suggestion of watching #tomgreenshow reruns instead of #MadMen tonight.
the color of the too too nail polish is hot pink!!! <3
Of the 32 1st round picks of the 2011 draft only 3 had fewer than 200 snaps(including playoffs). They had between 99-115. Can you name them?
exercise bands are still in there - we reclassified them as specialized equipment and they're available as an Expansion Pack!
Canby's 4x100 relay of and Josh Kraemer set school record Tuesday (43.04) in West Linn dual.
HUGE chem final tomorrow .......... catch you guys later! Wish us luck (: Hoping for an A
taco ball is nasty.
Wow, that's awesome exposure. Congratulations!
I just sold a DVD player, I am so happy~
Hope you feel better Mike! Respect your work. I grew up with your forecasts in STL watching
Well said!
when la bound you entertaining? =)
Do not allow SB 1530 2eliminate constitutional due process rights 4teachers. We deserve the right 2a hearing! Habeas corpus!
my thought is honestly it's not my battle. I do feel concerned about how I will explain these topics to my 7 year old....sigh
i respect yah gangsta ,, put some on yah neck to thank yah
#Usinger sausage on the grill, #Wisconsin beer in hand, in good company...life is good.
lol why did she touch you?
yes! + perfect spring/summertime handbag<U+2665>
call us your BELIEBERS!!
1982 was in Montreal, where high school goes to 11th grade. 1983 was in BC where we spent a year when my Dad took sabbatical.
Ushers still alive?
I FEEL SO BAD!! I forgot yesterday was your last day and I didn't give you proper hugs and smooches. I'm so sad. =(
I'm a long-satisfied free customer, & you'll have my monthly money if your price points get closer to GDrive's
lol she's like 1 right?
Happy birthday! I'll point you & Conor towards the best fish pie, sausage rolls and bangers & mash next week in Jax :)
Hiding from the eyes that see I have been defeated.
nerd. can i have one?
haha, alright! That's good to know! :) Thanks!!
sure thing!
I know nothing about either, but I'm so excited!!!! RT Patriots have had a huge day....C.Jones, and Hightower....WOW
My Mom got her car door hit this morning and whoever did it didn't stick around it's able to be fixed but it's always something it seems. :(
If you don’t ask, the answer is always no
Ahh, well. Let me know if you need help next time. How's the palms going for ya thus far?
Sun then clouds & a few *isolated* showers this afternoon. Temps in the 60s. Saturday is phenomenal...sunny, mid 70s. Enjoy!
AGREED RT : With the way Stewart has called pitches for CC and hit give him more starts Couldnt hurt
tattoos, memorabilia sales, cash, prostitutes, yachts, mansions, strip clubs, abortions vs shoe discounts
Awesome day for #tea, Mlle. Graduate
well some of it only cuz there was nothing else on!
Re: advertisers , i recommend looking across Harris Pub at their bestseller mags like Dog News, etc
": Haters gonna hate. Bitches gonna bitch. Bosses gonna shine. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>"
Just because a relationship ends, doesnt mean 2 people have stopped loving each other. They just stopped hurting each other.
Dream of a universal library goes back much further than 1938.
Happy birthday !!:) <3
gee you don't know how hard it is to be as funny and awesome as me day in and day out, i'm like fn' james franco
<------Y u always u up n my ass, me and my ass fine
Receive 16 units of FREE Botox when purchasing 1 syringe of Juvederm
lmao hhahahahahahaha haha I can't even argue with you lol wow
HER MOM UGLY AS HELL HOW THE FUCK SHE COME OUT LOOKING SO SEXY WOW !!!
Geek Switch - Turning You On To Everything New and Nerdy!: Final ...
Oh, absolutely! (and if you go crazy, buy some fresh berries for dessert and crush one or two into the vinegar @ dinner!)
New Profile Pic Of Ari! Let Me Know If You Like It! (: xx
It can't be helped. Gotta read #WIP from beginning or I may write myself right into a hole. #amwriting rule broken. Unnerving
RT Welcome to App Store on Twitter! Follow us to discover new apps, get exclusive offers, and share with friends.
THIS IS STUPID
thank you so much. :)
Stop by Mario's Eastside Saloon this Saturday for THE Kentucky Derby Event.
We also can't wait! It was an amazing day of filming!
AH! Please post a picture babe :D
If #Brewers are done in July, who's the best young SS they could get for Greinke?
Brave little lion man...
STOP EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!....did I say I love you today?? OK I love you now have a wonderful day :)
Prescience? “: People who aren't in some fundamental sense in need become monsters.”
Yay! Landed work for tomorrow on Law & Order LA :-)
If we would treat people how we wanted to be treated, the world would be a better place.
Damnit. This is #BadAssThursday. This is no time for the firewall to block port 4070.
Preppin' up for the day, damn, it smells so good in here. Open 11am-5pm for you to
J.P. Tokoto () would win this contest with one dunk...
Got a broken heart that needs fixing, and I don't rely on NO BTCHES !
“: Hello.. I am Model 371. On Earth they call me <3” I know ur more than what they can see! Love, Ur Scarlet Angel
Tim Shadel is giving a great talk about the Facebook Graph API. Entertaining and useful.
I know it's lame. But lmao shieeeeeeeeet! That's how we do it!
I hope you got some earlier. I'm sure it's long gone by now.
Good morning. Doc appt today.
#RockOnward Love your dedication to the music scene! Thanks for helping to spread the word!
and dont look all shock and start crying he hit yo ass.
“ "Failure cannot cope with persistence." - Napoleon Hill”
Statement from TN: The people behind anti #immigrant attacks are the same who try to deny the rights of women and all people
They say it never rains in southern california?
seeking a recruiter and an Account Mgr for a staffing/recruiting company in Dublin OH. Resumes to
Too many events this week, not enough outfits. Hopefully can solve this problem!
The facilitator is flipping through the question cards because most of the questions are about Paterno
The original colonies.
wait a minute...wait a minute! You're a girl? I can't talk to you anymore :P
Thanks for the follow! Wow -- big switch for you next year!
I've wanted to play there forever but still haven't gotten around to it yet... awesome view.
Going solo to a kickin' bday party tonight, but I won't know anybody there- who wants to go with me??
Chrissy that was honestly what I thought! Tina and got it! NICE!
rt: Marketing your company and yourself is a 24/7 job. If you want time away from your job, you shouldn't own or lead a business
i really wanna be appart of the STA track team again<U+E403>
$1.6 million increase to help support the Circulator and other non-regional bus service
HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY! you're 21 now. can't give you anymore shit now :p
Fireside Nut Brown 12 packs for 7.99 at Pick N Save on North and Humboldt. I'll help them get rid of the winter seasonal!
What network?
you can say what you want. but the NBA doesn't want small market teams winning. they know it too.
Dont think my tweet went thru.. but yea been here 3 weeks def thrivin out here in pitt bro
Happy to be back in Indianapolis after a whirlwind trip to NY. Looking forward to our shows
Hey, do you love me or my app?
its allgood man have a good day
U are lucky your are cute or I would be done with your ass for sure.
I'm higher than that thang walking down Western
My friend saw u at the aquarium! and she got you to say hi to the camera, and she said she did it for me,<33:DD
hey bro its hot as hell in here tonight! Oh follow me.
Choice STILL defines who you are...BE CHOOSEY!!!
it came frum the heart nd she's only 6 so ya
don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life because you don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
An energetic and emotional relationship is what you are looking at if you are seriously dating an #Aries guy.
Yes, sir. Looking forward to it!
craze!!! I was getting ready 2 tweet close to what u did!!! Lmao ;D
be sure to yell.. "get off my lawn!"
Thanks for the offer, though. I just found a generous donor.
This just in - to give keynote address on January 20th at 4pm. The event is free and open to the public.
not only do i have an amazing protective bf. but also guy friends, who are ready to kick ass when a dude hurts me.
i think you should come to new york :)
re-writing, re-drafting, re-thinking....
really not looking forward to waking up at 7 again tomorrow morning
Oh Robert stop it, I'm pretty sure you married with children! XD
What You Want is AMAZING! I've been listening to the album for the past three hours!
please follow my friends and ! You're the best Codes!
You're welcome. Thank you for your service.
I wish I could ride a camel. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AB>
Such a great day at work today!!
Ray of Duncanville: We don't need testing every grade, every year, in 4,5 subjects. That's wearing us out.
The new chariot album iiisss pretty much the shit.
I love the new Passion CD!
always a pleasure to share the stage with you at the
I don't wanna be misjudged.
i cant keep it together at home lol
I only eat them at the county fair. Seriously, I have a plan and it doesn't involve a heart attack :)
I am the first month, I'll be back June 16thish, and jord is staying at bsu for the summerr
Teaching my sis how to tweet
All girl's are bitches
Hey FOX, how much more could you have made foregoing the Black Eyed Peas. When will it end?
Another 3 hour drive!
Woo, I think I am finally recovered from Saturday's double-header. Thanks to everyone who came out!
News at BookMobile is, Margit is leaving us for library science school, Gretchen is taking over Margit's job, & Heidi is my new assistant.
Bitches cry about the recession and not making money... but they still pay full price for my shit!
It's pretty awesome!
margin call, if you're into #ows at all that is
Today at 2pm ET we'll share factoids from our curator tour of #FireIceExhibit on the Hindenburg disaster. Ask us your questions!
Go to my profile or youtube and listen to my single -everybodys a critic- featuring j-diggs from thizz ...dope music...no lie
so true pham
Sometimes people needa dose of their own medicine !!
my statement to the police will read ' the man in the bathroom stall sounded like he was fighting the devil in a shallow pool'
Bought my cap & gown today. $50 for something that will soon collect dust in my closet. Any grad wear repurposing suggestions?
How does my dad get an iPhone 4S before me? Lol
She's so sweet and kindness tweets to They are Awesome Victorians :)
RIP Beana, I love u soo much. say hi to my daddy for me =[
he is a very brilliant British comedian who was best known for his portrayal of Mr bean
Having a great time at Troutman Sanders' Associate Retreat learning about the business of law firms.
Hope to see you done there! RT : Reading about it sounds so great! May have to make a stop there on Sat.!
Who to go with to prom? Aha
MORE POWER TO HER.
does this mean google docs files too?
listening to coast to coast am while trying to get motivated
Visiting Alaska in Aug! Any tips on lodging, wildlife cruises, kayaking in #Seward?
You are both so great! Looking fwd to seeing you on June 24th!
I wish someone would explain why ANY woman supports the GOP. Is this the Stockholm Syndrome writ large?
Thats what I just said! Haha (Can put in freezer also if extra) RT : put it in the fridge
Had an afternoon stroll with Dairy Godmother, and last dinner as roomies at Evening Star. Farewell, Del Ray! You've been splendid.
official tag is
Sometimes I feel I will never be as good as him that I will never compare to him and it kills me inside
i don't really have room in my life for a new show, but happy endings is kinda the shit.
amen to that! Have a good one!
Too bad more sports/industries can't be run that way...
Depends on who you're talking to.....
Anyone else have trouble with not loading reliably?
get down to 618 s. Michigan! right now!
Don't be a turkey, come to the Avenue March 9 to see The Turkeys & Sassy Molasses........I'm sorry. I couldn't help it.
I just rofled into the tunnel of love.
so awesome to share in your surprise party Friday. You are amazing !
Very interesting!
Kaytal: Alito is in play because he's differential to democratic processes.
what u going to school for?
RT A #shot clock adds to the value of playing great team/help defense.
Hey why u not following me?
hey follow me so i can DM u :D
“SPEED searching for next big stars! Singers comedians dancers novelty acts. audition 877-909-3883 email ”
that is so true.
Grilling some ckicken
Ran into my old friend from CNN Atlanta days yesterday. A hustler to her heart. Wishing her wealth in very near future.
stfu stop singing these old dusty songs
Kirwan: Higher education must do their part to address the cost structure
It could've been me. It should've been me.
do what you feel. you're the one who has to live with it.
Is in the mood for some serious sushi
We in Kentucky hope that Jones joins UK. We also hope you join UK as well!
Brrr. It's a chilly morning in Louisville. You think the warm weather is gone for good?
The dead trees in our yard are coming down.
mani/pedi/massage booked for after the holidays... i am gonna need it!!!! Pileggi on the square... you better be good!
Ok Glee, you lost me..
Rumor has it #BroccoliSamurai to lead off their set w Up Late theme song
oh ha ha, K Julie <blush> ~boinggg~
tonight will be a huge
Happy Birthday to my good friend
We add bell peppers and extra Parmesan to make our bolognese extra awesome!
Where are you guys from?
How was your wedding wknd in DC? Did you make it to Eastern Market?
you need to! Lol
I think ppl just tell eack other they love each other just for the fun of it, cuz some people dont even no what love mean they just say it.!
“: i wanna meet you and touch your ass ugh :(”
Oh yeah not saying they'd def win it but the Broncos would be right there with NE and Hou plus the AFC is getting weaker.
Looking at the possibility of coming back from vacation... cemetery needs mowing...classroom needs to be set up....
Good morning P who's in Baltimore at #cc12? Message us to let us know you are here.
okay just wanted to know i told mom to pick me up early lmao
my friend went too ;~; and then called me to spazz about it afterwards.
Andrew- J Men's dress shirt at www.leodys.com
I hate that I have so many feelings for you.
you can get those on our website. www.clicgearusa.com. You will never have another flat tire!
Not surprised to see LeBron win his 3rd MVP. Hands down, he's still the #NBA's Most Visible Peckerhead.
The youth are a force of nature. If we don’t teach them their history aren’t we creating a force that pulls us in the wrong direction?
:o! wow lucky! haha
I love Marquette basketball, but it causes me a lot of stress! Ah
what an awesome app to do a real time visualization of conversation!
you're funny lol
Does anyone know where I can stream Dawson's Creek free online? I have a sudden urge to devour these...
The big bad boogie man Texas is overplayed and there are certain advantages to FSU being relatively separate
Why are the judges being so mean to ? I think she did amazing!
RT : Many settle and later regret it... don't settle, God will see you through.
Just vacuumed crumbs off of my daughter with a dustbuster. Awesome!
welcome! I liked the old one too, but the new one is much better. And I think the last line is a GREAT hook...it's really memorable!
Went and saw the vow with :))
As an MBA student, it is likely that you will be presented with internship opportunities
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a realtor, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
"Robots are immune to psychics." -- My friend Brendan, like two minutes ago
oh yeah haha awkward... Haven't been back since... Lol
Glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you again soon!
RIP Maurice Sendak, you delightful old curmudgeon.
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without. --Confucius
Have a Happy and Safe 4th of July! Don't forget the reason for the Holiday!
Just joined the LIS New Professionals Network. Took about 10 seconds. Shoulda done this ages ago...
can we please get #trippy ... is with it
please play Britney Spears Criminal
in l.a but cnt go see him :( dat sucks!!
OU women's basketball game = SUCCESS!!!
we should go hahah.
the children of lawyers can be frightening. ;)
be the better person and give it to her!(:
then that is something i want to be - thanks for sharing - Ellen
I can write a dozen content marketing items on "What 'Office Space' Teaches Your Business" for a client, but don't know if they'd approve...
This peach cobbler doe>>>>!
well you need to stop doing it then.
You mentioned me?
I ben listenin to it all day..The Sun finally out..So I had to play it
Thank You for your service my brother!
Rick plz influence the program directors to stop with the Burris stuff and give us real news like. anything else that bleeds leads right?
20 seconds for Oregon. They can run 12 plays
How are you going to make your day great? Have a plan. Execute it.
Just got in the house.
Kids are cool
Yes it was & definitely killed it tonight! I felt really bad for #Samily too but Emily will find a way! :)
Just seen to nice aged pieces of dark chocolate walk pass! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
my mom thinks i should tell my grandma that i'm gay. if she wasn't freaky for jesus, i might reconsider.
in my experience- yes!
He was articulating a question for the editorial board ("we as an editorial board") ... at the U-T, that's been pretty partisan.
thanks for the shout out:)
pero, how is that possible on your prom night? :l
wana come follow our show april 1st in poughkeepsie new york with a ton of big names? email me at
always a good feeling!!! What u about to cop??
IUPUI, but I want an apartment.
green juice!
hey + : can I intro u to the folks at the Dartmouth Entrepreneurial Network and Tuck Entrepreneurship folks?
I like analyzing fan experience, but I wish there wasa school of baseball thought that shunned material goods like "Buffalo Bacon SloppyJoe"
Happy Birthday!!!!
Best Company Name Ever: "ADHD Labs." From Philip Kaplan (), who is also behind and more.
Thanks very much for the follow. Looking forward to experiencing your wines & winery on a future trip up to Sonoma. Cheers!
The one album that matches my mood, whether it's sunny or gloomy? Kind of Blue.
"Use their name 3x throughout presentation"
ughh I wish he didn't move!!! That means his fan mails coming down
Post game concert schedule: Dierks Bentley (June 2), The Wallflowers (July 21) and Third Eye Blind (August 18)
Caramel frape and mcdonalds fries... I'm in heaven <3
Yes. I liked it. I also enjoyed Year of the Flood, also by M.A. It was published after Oryx and Crake.
CEDDY NASH LIVE @ ANTIGUAS TONIGHT 10PM 723 K STREET ACROSS FROM 24 HOUR FITNESS SACRAMENTO ARTIST TRYIN TO GET ON TOUR COME OUT!
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Relationships suck.
The world's still here. www.globalpointpr.com
Thanks! How's ?
Bubba's shot on Sunday needs to be named the "Bubbarang"
RT u dj at oceans on fri? <> yea...me n the big homie Dj Live
When half of your teachers think you're a senior >
that sucks...hope you feel better....being sick is lame
#YD1G the songs and all the dancing
I need some rest today
yes ma'am
100% Im getting a creepy looking eye on the back of my neck looing like my skins ripped open and sewn in.
How much work do weeds take? A garden, on the other hand, is a joyful labor of vision, cultivating, pruning, and attention! Go grow! DM
Just wanted to check in and see how you were? Did your Dad get to come home? So many prayers for a great man/hubby/father. <3U
When Is The Last Time You Rebalanced Your 401K? Need Any Help?
we told them to keep their money“: Heat are listing Eddy Curry and Ronny Turiaf as inactive today.
Meet Brooke Paul of the Founders Factory and read about this partner's view on startups with his Columbus-based company....
Meditation not only effects you, It impacts everyone around you.
and that's record turnout!!
What whut whit
It is a difficult step to take on our ego. It is an honor of the soul to do so.
I'm like 5'5. RT if your shorter than me.
Why cant i get my profile picture changed?? blahh
okay buddy you should just learn to calm down, have you took anger management, just sayin.
Failed as parent-my 7yo voted McCain-after saying he was 4 Obama 'cos a kid said Obama would mean exams at school each day, oy
wake me up...
And the winner of last week's Group class contest is..... AUSTIN TIDWELL! Austine wins a UMPT water bottle. Who will win this week???
Off to #Charlotte airport for trip to #Germany. Hopefully last audit so I can have normal life again. 3 wks until south end w !
Teen wolf tonight!!!!!
Feeling sick ruins everything
100% Satisfied and never look backwards ... Any1 will be Much better than u ..#KeepBarking U r nth but #Trash and u know it :D #WGACA :D:D:D
reposting the whole album soon. i'll let you know when i do.
So ready for summer!!
Don't miss being on TV Tomorrow on CBS Morning Show at 6:45am!
Mom like her flowers
People say young people are better with technology because they like change. Ask one about the new Facebook to see the error of this.
that's cruel. He should say what it's about. Sounds like a deliberate attempt to have you guarded. I hate corp power plays.
haa yeah I told you my jokes are getting really bad
Loved the Brewer cap at the press conference! Awesome KO! Bring that belt back to Wiscy!
Digging into HTML5 Boilerplate and a new design for my personal site on an overcast Sunday. :)
Agora Forte's latest album is a cover of Monuments; flawlessly done.
I also remember when you use to have to use AOL Dial-Up to get to the Internet, oh the 90's lol
Deadline for submissions is 1/31! Send us your stories please!!
Happy Monday! Hope everyone has a great week!
Randy Bass talking to us today about “Threshold Concepts, Troublesome Knowledge, and the Design of Digital Humanities Projects”
Think about how many guys go around proclaiming they fight "UFC". Fags
Mm nothing i don't think. Why?
I LOVE AUSTIN SO MUCH. End of the story.
I'm from Spain and I love it!
seriously though, those rats are ADORABLE.
Intel's I.T. staff has 6,400 people who support 91,500 Intel employees. It has 87 data centers and more than 138,000 devices.
All sorts of pageants this weekend!! Mrs. US, Miss Teen USA, Miss/Teen Intl...I am in HEAVEN!!!!! Go Reign ladies!!
today I feel like eating fried BATS!! LoL
They're filming a reality tv show in Rice village. I just had to sign a waver. Tv cameras- now my research AND my leisure.
so glad you will be there!
She thick for a Korean ...
Tomorrow night is our info session at the Orleans St. Library, from 6:15-7:45 PM! This fall you can get involved and help a child in need!
do u like robins bluejays or chicadees more
OH: I can't wait for the Bucks to draft that chick from Baylor. We need a center.
thanks Morgan <3 its just for healthier eating not to lose weight
RT We are sending out applications for exhibitors for NYFocus. Application deadline is 6/30/11. E-mail 4 info.
Thanks Justin. Clients really like it too. Yesterday, we did 3 video shoots in 2 different states before lunch. Lots of fun.
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? You can get the same feeling just by drinking for two days straight.
Toniggggghhhhhhhht we are young
mostly. All my flights are on the tiny regional planes. Makes it very little fun anymore.
“: Ok Saturday I'm going to Neighbors ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>” >> I'm going too
I'm tempted to jump on a plane to make #nogup4 but my wife might shoot me. Drink a cup for me cc:
thanks for the RT bro.
Has anyone noticed that the final kibosh hit Filenes as they filed. What? Before the holiday season in a "healthy" economy. Icon gone!
Ok I'll stop stabbing the flesh at th base of my thumb with my fountain pen & try that
NJ Farm Bureau Week in Focus - Cape May County Herald (press release)
Much luv n gratitude! #headshots RT : Thanks so much, Liz! just knows how to take photos. :)
yep//“: OSU beat 5 top 25 teams. Alabama beat 2 two. End of story.”
wouldn't you know it. I'm not even in the room anymore.
#aiip12 Web Search precon with Great new info & clarification of confusion
Thanks for the kind words. Feedback always appreciated.
alright traffic be easy
Right back at you - it is thrilling to be a camper! RT : 1,2,3,4 Here's smore campers u need to know-
yum yum yum
It's kind of sad how routine blood draws have become in my life lately.
Have to say despite googles silicon roundabout efforts being an entrepreneur in USA is 10x easier than the UK, much more pro-business here
Done! Peace & love to you all!
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper. - Thomas Jefferson - Nowadays???
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) -- The Indianapolis Colts have fired coach Jim Caldwell.
yup n right!! Lol
RT : 200+ jobs coming to San Antonio: A nationally-recognized company picks San Antonio to open a new customer contac......
Look at my new YouTube account miller wash.......well thts it
we were bored and decided to act like tourists yesterday XD
checks coming soon
"If it weren't for cancer, I'd say I have the perfect life. If it weren't for cancer, would I even realize this?"
thanks for the chat this morning erin! and for being a good sport!
haha! I just don't do college though. I saw your post and though about it for a minute, but college.....I dunno.
Just did....ps I may need more stickers
So many effing penalties.
Let's get faded <U+E30C>
eww I heard that viola girl did that..
holy cow! He just tore it up right now, he's gorgeous!
I hate Spiders! #jeeperscreepers !
suffered another knee injury 2nite. my fun but very competitive spring tennis season is in doubt. Oh & isnt playing Monte Carlo
Im glad that I get a pass!!!
Appreciate the folo Brad. Good luck in November!
See misses you too
Glad you can join us. RT I'm looking forward to the Young Pro event at tonight!
Trying to get a 6 year old backpack repaired is maddening. 1/3rd of the cost of new to repair worn straps and lining? No thanks
Off to Miami beach bikini fashion week.
I'm emailing my business partner and he's sitting right across from me...
OK, I know I missed the cut, but I'm curious, what is a book plate?
When you take stuff from one writer it's plagiarism but when you take it from many writers, it's research.
It could not have been set up any better!
Friday rock n rollaz....Make it a Great 1 !!
Still some spots open for our tea 101 class tonight at 6 pm! Don't miss it!
Fields you have to take that shot! Pull up jumpshot, don't be scared man!
Get connected with us on facebook! Search on facebook in the bar and find us! Become a fan....
Would love to hear more about your social media class.
It's a crazy day to be a #Blazers fan!
See you there Michelle!
KHLOE UR AWESOME AND I LOVE YOUH! PLEASE NOTICE? ;)
,ill send bubba to colect my stole sample mother fucker
#FF MY #BESTE #AMAZING #RELIABLE #FUNNY #CARING #BESTMAMA #STRONG #BEAUTIFUL She is the absolute BEST
...No...I WILL STAND MY GROUND WITH OR WITHOUT THE LAW ON MY SIDE... I AM NOT AFRAID...
News you can use...Daylight saving time ends Sunday at 2 a.m. That's one extra hour at the bar for you
Friends with Alopecia... Like this post if you have any form of Alopecia. Where are my peeps at?
Hey Amit thanks for follow, what's happening in London?
Drexel's Health Fair is tody from 11-2. Come out and enjoy the food, entertainment and healthy advice!
Getn now! RT : Have an IPád ? Download the #140MTL APP! search for 140MTL -- curating the whole conference there!
From snowing and 41º to 75º and sunny in one afternoon. Hello Newport Beach!
But I'm really still laughing about Graffiti hatin so hard on Kidz Bop... lololol
#FF ! 100 followers by the end of the day -- IN THE BAG.
FYI #teammani is better than #teamhetal... I hope you all understand that!!! Lol
where y'all at
Yes this place is actually giving brake tags on Saturday. My odyssey is over.
I love using shoeboxed and evernote to capture everything that I can later search. I'm not obsessed with categorizing anymore.
BOTTLES & CANS!
I will relay your message :-)
Congratulations to Joe Alberts for receiving the ASCE Michigan Section Frank Meyers Outstanding Civil Engineer of the Year award for 2011!
What if?
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? tell me now
On the way to JFK with 1000lbs of Sumo!
ur welcome. I'm glad that I'm great help. I have to sign opn u steam later cuz I'm not on pc to sign up for it. I'm onmy phone
Covering AUDJPY short for now.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE U HAVE THE MOST AMAZING DAY AND THAT ALL YOUR BIRTHDAY WISHES COME TRUE!!!! YOUR THE BEST BELLA:::::)
I didn't get tickets to Ultra. Where else are you playing?
11.5 - 11.9.1941: 5000 Gypsies (Roma/Sinti) are deported to the Lodz ghetto; they are gassed to death at Chelmno two months later.
Thank you, sir! Glad to release that thing into the wild.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 14
will look into it thanks :)
but you sound so much taller on the phone lol
Watching 2 games from my couch in Jerusalem! Hapoel #Jerusalem with DJ Strawberry and NY #Yankees with visitor Darryl Strawberry
It's EVERYONE...:)
Lots of disturbing news created down here daily. Dekalb to Atl is like Brooklyn to Manhattan in proximity. Diff jurisdictions.
I want to come home with me. I have whipped cream and feathers. Oh yeah.
"Don't eat that!" send a push notification when you're near an eatery w/ bad health inspection (geofence).
your welcome!
I added a flash widget to my blog, my space and face book, says you need flash 9 I downloaded flash 10 hope I figure it out
New client special! $25 haircuts! You must call today and book by the end of the month: 206.264.7901
cute cute but and butt! Cute n but n butt!!! Lmao!!!
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow
I saw Mildred Pierce at the best movie theatre in LA in a packed house of almost all gay men. It was one of my great experiences. :D
Should I pull the trigger, idk....
An hour ago..The Boys & I..We were drown rats! Love a good summer storm..they come on lke gang busters & lve just as quickly as they arrived
Any working bakers/pastry chefs out there who can give an honest opinion about Stratford U or Art Institutes?
Text me
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Today I am 6,851 days old. I know because the computer machine told me so.
time to get back on the grind...good luck and ball out homie
If you wanna hear what he sounds like, I posted a video on my fb.
that's good
Tea is a good idea right about now--both the drinking and the activity of making it.
Hey what's up?
what up Jen!! Haha. You tweetin now!?
Going to the gym then I'm cooking me a fat ass steak when I get back
I'm following you, but you're not following me,. Why is that?
Talk about left out.. and its always like this. I guess im used to being ignored. Idek why I care.
That's cool, turn everyone against me now.
Seriously, fuck off. I need to leave here for the night. I have no patience.
Nyjer don't give no fuk.
S/O to MeanMugMusic! Am I wrong?
Learned a little more CSS today. When do I get to start calling myself a "coder" and not a "hack"?
wishing the rain would go away so i can go for a ride again. went yesterday...awh the open road!!
Don't phase me
When i get really really old, im going to try my hardest to go to outer space, i really want to do it.
We love you!! RT : & #AMidskySurrender i love this kind of music so much
Thanks girl!
Intro and meet & greet with Ed writer and actor Dan Davies before each show: (1/2)
your a sweet guy.
Learning life lessons
I'll take Zusi. Cheaper with just as many clutch assists..see yesterday.
“Every great work, every great accomplishment, has been brought into manifestation through holding to the vision, and often just before the…
IF THERE'S A REASON THAT YOU'RE LEAVING ME TONIGHT, TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE THINKING, TELL ME A LIE!!
#bluelikejazz Met Donald Miller for a minute and had to tell him his story had effected me.
Suffering fR a SeverE MigrainE as of RighT NoW. The pain in my left eye is excruciating. Every month I get 1 or more migraines :(
If you know that I've had a bad day, why would your purposely make it worse? Do you not value your life?
You wouldn't like this con. They are * everywhere* ... tons of bears for you though. ;-)
What is your favorite breakfast?
I think that's the first time I've heard that
With Suzanna! Picture day:)
Shawty wanna hang well I'm a coat hook.
Dorrell's relationship with Petrino gave her unfair advantage in hiring process. She was 1 of 159 applicants for the job.
Men think about sex every seven seconds. The rest of the time is spent trying to come with a lie when a woman asks "What are you thinking?"
probably. dont question the day's authoritay!
Hello Amy great to meet you here on Twitter.
i want some jim nachos with rice. ;)
When is Anna going to stop calling him Mr. Bates?
You got eet--that's the only endorsement I need!
really, seriously stoked to see what you can do with Venus Patrol.
and u can't spell
omg the dubstepy part of the iconic dream dance omfg cenzo i miss you :'-(
I want one too! :P There's my accidental RT for the day!
please listen to your editor & dont belittle them if they are trying to help... remember everyone just wants the best possible outcome
OMG! just finished 50 Shades Book 3 and all I have to say is WOW! Better then the 1st two.........
Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.
Have to admit, #Downton gives me my telenovela fix while making me feel simultaneously classy. It's the best of high and low.
Cycle Pros called and said my #Yamaha Road Star is reeaaadddy for pickup!!
UNLV fashion history students learning about clothes, time - Las Vegas Review - Journal
"Always desire to learn something useful." - Sophocles.
Ni**a U got a twitter!!
-playlist on repeat.. && hopefully I drift off 2 sleep ! Nite.
Such an incredible idea and execution.
7 hours and counting on the House floor debate on the Vikings Stadium. That's alot of hot air
yep. I am more concerned about a 2nd line C, and if we re-sign Green. That and who the hell is the coach :)
VanGundy asked about his defense holding Pacers' to 35% shooting..he cuts question off with "OR they held themselves."
lmfao sit on what?
not for tracking users - also have to remove spam/local project hits
Only thing worse than Mike D'antoni coaching your team is Mike Woodson. Knicks are in trouble.
Prince a Tiger? I guess I'm okay with that.
that's what pisses me off! Games like that we have to win! Both the Knicks and Rangers!
RT So much fun last night. "I'm bringing with me a black eye.". I WAS DYING.
Whats in it 4 ma team chelsea...
Being Human finale on syfy tonight. Someone will not survive.
let me know if you need a mix for any of the the Taxi album project.
; #Swag(; I love your defualt on facebook(;
They Can't Fuck With Me On #BlackOps And You Can't Either And Thats
just saying. RT GAY GUYS IN NEW YORK: I WANNA TALK 2 U ABOUT SEX. Email me at
11 Wood Memorial winners have won the Kentucky Derby
9 DAYS till the Moving On CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY!!!!
RT A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on. -William S. Burroughs
For heaven's sake, where are my smart sensors?
Never.. haha why?
Steve Marcia is great he sold me on the giga delay
are you sure you have a troll face?!?!!?? Lol don't think so :P
About to get my ls back then its time to get me and my baby a car
Gov Malloy at CT CC econ summit: need to realign production of #college production w/ jobs. Students go out of state otherwise=no good.
Don't tell anyone, but we're redesigning our website this month. Shhh, it's a secret.
Another #Coyotes PP late in second. Will start third with 1:36 remaining. 1-0
yes we sure do!
I’ll be in SF til the red-eye to Chicago on Sunday.
#FindUW is happening now! Swag is available.
Young Bucks d. Fire Ant and Soldier Ant by count out. The titles can only change hands on a pinfall or submission.
is anyone following #thatcamp who couldn't be here because they weren't presenting a paper and couldn't get travel funding?
great hotel, great location. Me and GSRadio_OGSteez met Liverpool FC in the lobby the day they beat Chelsea in London-Oct2008
No work for two days. Alright. Guess ill be kickin back.
if not fuck it we can feed it to homeless
I loved the retouched/edited images you guys have been sending me. Wanted to say thank you.
PM - K3 said we learned how to make our answer to addition and subtraction of fractions into an equivalent fraction. Example 8/16 = 1/2
Maybe its time to see what this character is all about...
I got you bro ight then well have fun going out to eat tell your mom I said happy mothers day
Watching Super Xclusivo with the family. Gotta love this show :)
haha that was smooth as ever, you got those lyrical quotes in texts on lockdown
loll don't worry you'll get your chance you hav to be patient I had to wait almost 8 monthss
I spilled a lot of goldfish tonight..:(
So terrified of Tumblr
He totally does! And a Vegas singer too. #nothanks RT This kid reminds me of david archuletta,
Conservation and digitization projects for archival materials not just about preservation but also ezpanded access. Miller
getting stuff ready for a meeting :)
that's awesome !
Off today to go watch #HomeOpener Follow for all your news of the day.
I give good love ill buy your clothes ill cook your dinner to soon as i get home from work.......I give good
Not yet but will check into it! Thank you :)
Nayati back home safe and sound
where does all the time go?
sushi is so not gross
The only way to fix higher education is for employers to stop giving a shit about the piece of paper. Hire skills, not degrees.
Wow #watching #SouthBeachTow this show always is great
Just finished #hungergames. 3/4stars! See it in the theater.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:47am in Atlanta, GA it is 66 degrees. High: 77* Low: 61* Welcome to summer!
:-) Me, too. Didn't have any bags, so either she's traveling light or she checked her luggage when she got her boarding pass...
Hello! Arts community in AZ is IMPRESSIVE.
Kinda lame. W magazine touting it's front row app for fashion week but it's not available yet. Coming soon. So is the recession
because theres something wrong with you
I <3 that we here are doing a digital summit for the whole division. Great, great things happening at B&H.
sure - e-mail or DM me!
A dead heat? MT 2012 election pits party with best record on torture against party with best record on assassination.
Life is rather like a tin of sardines - we're all of us looking for the key
Dont Talk....THINK!!!! - Rick "Walking Dead"
u r KILLING it! we need to cast this shizz! tiffani thiessen?
#ItHurtsWhen you read my #Tweets... I've been known to make people #LaughSoHard their
Still no Gardner for the Yankees
Thank you to Zona salon in Hingham for hosting a party for "Boston: Inspirational Women" last night. w/ and
let me know when you get here text me with your friends phone or something.
a friend in grad school suggested that ur mother’s disapproval meant that you were heading in the right direction, it was art school, though
Believe me, we quench our thirst quiet well at softball
I have decided to drink more green tea
Heading to Brookville in a bit for the TAI Meet-Up. Will stop at Oldenberg to photograph some iron cross markers at the cemetery downtown.
Guy on the train: "Cubs suck. I'm already giving up on them." Ah I love Chicago.
So I dont think it ever got linked to either of those accounts. I know you say that isnt possible, but I dnt get wht else it could be
chris brown - dont wake me up
For light bulbs broken in the socket, push a potato onto the broken glass to unscrew it.
Who actually sits here and reads other people's tweets? Most of it is crap! Twitter is becoming the craigslist of Social Media.
maybe you should buy a purse. It works for me.
Worst part about #mw2012: leaving. Good Job (And Hiroku hope I spelt it rite) and ofc
Oh, & I already covered it. Literally. Guest vocals by Ricky B.
Can anyone smell the syrup form house? Wanna go get some pancakes with Eric?
You should give serious thought to moving to Phoenix. Olivia could lay out almost all year round!
Just wondering if his friends call him Nomsky. I would:)
Those pink bats are no joke.
Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard
Hallelujah I'm outta there. Time for tunes and brews!
another thing is that I haven´t Iphone
ur so very welcome
May I join you for the RA. ONE screening?
Ive never seen my dad cry.
is Google+ asking u all what they should do next? :-0
I am very frustrated with social media hacking. The security systems for these sites is going to have to get harder to get into...
Now he's playing Norwegian Wood. What a great chord progression, that minor turn on the verses...
late start hoorayy
Goodnight everyone. pleasant dreams. :-)
I love you more than I can say
that pretty
Be sure to 'like' our sister restaurant
Shoutout for keeping us frugal gamers on point! Nothing beats getting Black Friday deals from the couch
Reed Johnson. #Redskins fan actually. We had him out to the Park a couple times to visit.
follow me so i can write back
that was by far the most inspirational episode ever! Bopper and Mark are my favorite <3
": got my earrings from today think umma wear a pair tomorrow and my pin too...:)" already? I just sent them!
Sleeves pushed up and all.
You do know that #HappyBirthdayNicolette is already trended so you don't have to
you take to long in the shower j/s :)
Mobap vs. Wash U is underway
when his team stunk for most of the year
Join Majic and our Afternoon Drive Host John Monds (14th & U Sts) @ Cricket Wireless tomorrow from 12p-2p! Plenty of prizes will be on hand!
Fa la laRT Holiday
the most beautiful things is to make a girl smile every time and every where you go with her :) *giggles*
Another thing I love about being in #houston - watching my #Rockets!!!!! Go Rockets!!!
You cant blame the world for your lack of success, your future is up to you
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked When did you decide to turn lesbian?
Our manager was in a Seinfeld. What'd yours ever do?
Spending my #stpattysday indoors with 3 scripts and a highlighter! Definitely treating myself to a large glass of green beer tonight :)
Only a few more hours until my birthday
"Sometimes you eat the bear, and sometimes, well, he eats you."
We'll be at Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield 220 Virginia Avenue, Indianapolis from 11-1, or until we run out of food!
Holy shit, summer vacation starts in less than two weeks. It just hit me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#Free painting with each purchase at my #etsy store www.abstractartnow.etsy.com
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the LOW.. What up?
EyeO, and you might count SIGGRAPH too.
looking forward to a pint of manny's in seattle tomorrow night
one is my friend but he like, likes me???? and the other is like mental or something
I'm disappointed in society. Arresting DeShawn is crazy he wasn't harming anyone he just helped bring this city a Championship!! Call a cab!
I'm not about to fight you Trina, get out your act .
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 48
yeah yeah wise guy...I need some twitter lessons!
haha. females are crazy. I got #99problems but a...
aww thank you(: you're gorgeous!
Enough facebook. Time to hibernate back to twitter and tumblr. (:
Yikes! RT : Another tree has fallen on a vehicle in Stockton on the 1100 block of W. Poplar Street.
Thank you
Thx! Was a great night.
Just finished watching footage from today's shoot. Looks amazing.
um yea I got a few ideas, let's chat!!!
Spent the day with Mom eating Subway and watching Paranormal Activity 2 :) Who knows how many more days I can have like this...?
@ the first pageant workshop with Ms Ethnic World International. She is coaching on "How to be your best during the pageant competition"
You right!RT : If you want change in your life you must explore the opportunities that cross your path. Everything...
That feeling when you truly care about a person and they don't talk to you. UGH. I can't deal.
hiccups, for the passed #2hours .. & still going. <U+E421>
so true I love to see that also
We owe everything to S! Thanks a lot S, ur the best... At last, everything is as it should've always been!
yep yep im bring the cutie a lil teddy bear
All over Belmont and San Carlos today looking for warehouse space, no shortage of great spots
following back :)
first UK game since college & taking my son to his 1st game at Rupp Saturday. mention this on air & I'll smooth my back out
I brought the whole candy trolly on the #HogwartsExpress today. Sorry students.
- kind of scary when you're close to empty - happened to me before - what's up with, call the doctor??? :-)
love your talk right now! Thank you for having it!
This lady is speaking but I don't think she is telling the truth... Last year was so much better
oh I'm sorry/: then you're excused. Preston isn't
slam it down like a domino!
My baby girl is graduating from college on the 12th! Son is now working at the college where he did his undergrad.
That's almost as bad as the Royal Quiz! We need to practice these!
Hey Gracie, i miss talking to you!! i miss getting tweeted by you!! i hope you still remember me :) !! iloveyou<3
“: Wow 8 of them have passed already” Lew Bush was the 7th, Junior makes 8.. So sad..
Doc Rorman sent me back to week 5 trays :(
"I'M A HIPSTER NINJA."
Delt A squad victory tonight. Just the first of many.
Reports coming in today from Cry Out America 9-11-11. 2500+ prayer points, 900 county-wides, 1350+ different counties covered! Thanks!!!
#What2ChainzWouldSay Call ya chick like HELLO, Ass shakin like JELLO, Gettin Bent like an ELBOW. niggas tickle me, ELMO!!
Are you going to the coffee thing!? Please its soo boring
you home?
Great pic! Thanks for sharing. Wishing you a smooth flight.
Going to Maine to do my brain some good.
Wow, it's almost Christmas!!!!
Super helpful! Thanks for the info! :)
thanks Boog! Yeah, it was hard reading all these updates about Arlington as I was marooned in Dallas.
Good Morning Niall :D
I've held events at Sundance, Harley davidson, and Olbrich. All great venues. #congrats!
Hello !!?!! Where the hell is my shipment?!
Thanks for the FF! :) Happy Friday!
Saw #TheHungerGames today, #amazing! Except for the end, #wtf was that???
ok for sure! and refer us to some people that put them on too
Not really sure I wanted to see that.
Last night was epic!!! First time I celebrated cinco de mayo! (:
At Summit on advocacy for #Haiti with Minister Supplice speaking
Follow me?(:
Will be watching your Discovery Science show tonight
Hooray for Hitachino Nest Lacto Stout- back in the house & a perfect pairng with our signature Rack of Lamb!!
Wow okay , deush bag :/
That's the same way with me, except its my mom, not my dad, haha, but you gotta love them :)
Watching behind the Music with !
This place remind me off a club that I went to n Miami
Good morning.....feels like a good day for a new phone like the Aviator!
#3wordsforyou pack a bowl
hey wroth! Long time no talk.
Sub 2 classes in a row >
thanks glad u ladies r part of my new amazing network
while sweeping out my car earlier, my neighbor came up behind me and told me he liked the color of my sports bra<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
New entertainment system on is the most annoying one I've ever had the displeasure to use. Costs 9$ to watch TV and no VOD
lol exactly xDD well i'm sleepy so goodnight :D
an answered prayer
Dear this is a warning to u! If u don't workout with me soon I may have to chop u up n eat u for a midnight snack!
Working harder then the day before
Stay the course. Keep the faith. It will be worth it in the end! God Bless!
Thanks for the follow.
this no haircut/no shaving till prom thing is killing me
Chipper jones to retire at the end of the year
Just now getting around to watching Will Ferrell on SNL.... Anyone see it? How was it?
Facebook needs to invent a "No one freaking cares" button. I'd press that thing all day long. I need to delete my facebook! Ah!
be prepared for a life change if it really resonated with you! Let me know how you're making out. Good to hear from you!
Drink lots of water everybody!!
I'm normal haha. You?
you're just tall. I was measured at 5'-9 1/2"
The longer you treat me this way, the greater the distance you'll create between us.
Thank you so much...(laughing)
I just joined the ranks of the #RootCanalSurviors! I'm still numb though. Xrays coming soon...
Cool. Wins are cool.
Happy st Patty's day! On this day 4 years ago I moved to Nashville,TN
Did Arianna Huffington Steal The Idea For The Huffington Post? via
Cocaine is gods way of saying you make too much money
RT : The Great Cookie Debacle of 2011 has been solved. And the story shall be passed on for many generations at The End.
We seem to be evolving to becoming an aggregate for your opinions, stories, fantasies. We like that. Send your stuff, we'll spread the love!
U think they might have used the Buddy Pass to go to Germany to see ED ROBINSON perform LOL
I'm really enjoying this Marketing Management class. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Yea. I have an aud this sat for a theatre show.
Its almost that time
they said Friday how important you were. Woulda won eight games without you they said.
let me know if it works!
Night no.1 in WPB a blast however, is sure to deliver beyond tomorrow night!
lmfao I think I was very patient bcuz I am a very impatient person and working on making my patience for things alot better
That means a lot, Heidi...thank you. RT: “: So sorry to hear about Craig Billy! You two were one hell of a team!”
exactly, I'm down to make an insane road trip?
Hey everybody go follow and then mention the both of us for a follow back !!!!!
#exhausted peace out I am going to bed<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> Good night
Yo it's all good bro. Fam is good. Life is good. Music is good. Doing more writing than performing. Fam first right!? Hows urs?
#ff Beautiful, heading toward the exterior hammam...
Clifton Paul Fadiman~ I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.
OKAY!! The Logo was drawn and now its designed! FINISHED!
I will be in the sunlight half naked today!! <3
At a bar talking to some other NYC peeps abt politics, interracial, and same sex relations ...the locals hate me.
Shawty don't have friends cuz every friendship she get she talk about them to somebody else <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085> that's not the move
did u like it? Still need to pick mine up.
Kenny Dalglish sacked?
Hey fellow tweeters! Only 1 week left 4 a chance 2 enter into our FREE STUDIO TIME GIVEAWAY sweepstakes! Visit www.r2kstudio.com for dets!
Wii is the best system out!!!
You learn something new everyday. I now know what a trocar is and that I did not want to grope for one in the dark. Nor do I suggest you do.
Saw all of my friends from the summer, managed to make some new friends and now cooking pizza with my old roomie! Best. Vaca. Ever!
O, thank you God, for the taste of a Cigar again!!!!!!!
Gonna skype with my aussie best friend :)
Great job boys!!!!
it was always cool
will get me to Vegas for 's #birthdayextravaganza with
Lonely rainy night in New Orleans. :(
trade delmon SO curious to see what the Twins will do by 3pm cst...trade deadline (non-waiver)..
Yes! Ali G is on! One of my favs! Best to snuggle on sofa and watch whilst you're ill :D
Last few hours for Free 13 mystery Kindle downloads by 13 authors for Friday the 13th:
#wordsineverwanttohear you have cancer.But I heard it
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.25
oh crap I picked the same day haha!
Not holding back for no one anymore
awesome! Can't wait to see you pics, make sure to get us the link so we can share!! Thank you.
The Kenyan Komet
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
I kinda wish I was going to prom now....
thanks for spreading the word!
Hey check out She just moved to Paris for a year, too! #designerfriends ( CC )
which DH blogs do you follow most avidly?
the foo fighters rock!!
Best of luck to We're all in your corner.
Bubba has two shots to play with. He can't possibly screw this up, right? RIGHT?
are you 18?
Whatever happens, take responsibility. ~ Tony Robbins
congrats on your state championship though :)
Fact: as you age, your eye color gets lighter.
Hey CUZIN is okay if I go Next Monday to the meeting cuz Juan has The Car and no Sign from him---
Today is a horrible day to be a Harbaugh.
I've created a "Road-Tested Activity!"
is so freakin cute
Eddie needs to do 1 more Beverly Hills Cop & it should include &
full disclosure folks, i follow and/or say hello no matter what your political preference, im a people person and just like people
hey! Did you email it? Don't think I got one
sorry it's all Heisenbergy, but I betcha it's not Bohring.
it's gonna come back in and sting you in the ass!!! Hahaha
I've been listening to an advance of the new album for the past week. A definite contender for local album of the year.
Home from happy hour and watching Pretty in Pink! Now I just wish I had some chocolates...
Why can't i fuggin sleep
- I want to see it again. The 2nd time I won't see it in 3D & won't bring a 3 year old.
Venue change! The Great Unknown will now perform at the Franklin Institute Auditorium at 4 pm. Free!
May your paycheck represent the quantity of people that you have helped and the number of people that you have served.
I hate when the perfect comment comes to you a day after
Doc, you know I love you but you need to stop mispronouncing Volchenkov.
Thank you so much!!! :D I really appreciate it :)
Got my new car today. Isn't God good???
Yup! It's awesome. How are things in Houston?
Weather is so nice today(y) feels like summer so excitedd!
very true lolol
Just got a #kindlefire! I love it so much! Its not an ipad but it does the trick!! :)
monday might be best for me cause I gotta go to Lansing Sunday
La la la no lo vi y estoy tan bien (notan mi sarcasmo?) :D
This Movie "The End Of The World" Sounds Pretty Interesting
I now have air conditioning in my car!!!
It's a lie when you say that no one can steal your man. The truth is only guys who want to be stolen are really taken away.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly clear in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 58 to 63. Light winds.
it really is.
Great job Philly
I was up with contractions all night (-__-)
dude can I park my car at your place when I'm in India for a month?
Community meal tonight (carpe donuts donated for desert). Lee Alter's Art of Being with the Red Rattles this Friday.
Jake said he might make another twitter
Happy Birthday !!!! hope you have a great day!
You already know <U+E402>
im not hiking hav seen my chubby it din com from bein activ
No doubt...I think the decision was already made, the Berkman deal was never a 'backup plan'...IMO
I love Doing phone sex! Call me!
any chance cactus still has the devo record?
Shucks - we'll miss being a true part of the cult. & I have to leave at the end of the sessions today. Catch you next time!
Sorry, we're not able to have Student Rush available for every show...hope we see you at something else!
On this day in 1862, after ranking CSA Gens Floyd & Pillow ran off, Simon Buckner surrendered Ft. Donelson to his old college buddy US Grant
Getting tired of all these racist ass jokes mf's boudha start gettin popped in they mit
Happy birthday to my little sister Lily. I love you
Thanks ! Wish you all could make it out for the party!
At the end of the day today, La Laterna closes it's doors forever. They are sweet people who make delicious food.
Have you purchased your Beauty Pass yet? Young Texans Against Cancer is an amazing Charity that the proceeds of the pass' are going too!
Would love to meet and have a conversation with man is full of wisdom
reaction of looking shocked the the #zags missed wide open 3's to lose the game. Bigger disappointments ahead for OSU.
We will see..
AMAZING panel work by in #Avengers #161. LOVE the camera angle and detail in that final panel with the rubble.
Night twitter!(:
LIFESIZE MIRROR - climbed from 44-26 on JAZZ BILLBOARD CHARTS THIS WK!
Excellent news , , and ! See you all in Houston!
A productive hour of code spelunking with yields a deeper understanding of ActiveRecord. Good times
Out at the park with my mom and just tried some beef ribs and OMG they are the best
Laying in bed with and
Bloods, crypts. Red vs blue. Whatever. im an ET
PUNK'D #PranksterOnTheLoose Lovin it. So funny!
Just heard fabulous talk by on the Digital Asset Grid #innotribe #swift at #telco2 New Digital Economics conference.
Hi! Keep forgetting about Twitter what with the coming up. RT *waves*
Maybe tomorrow will be better. Hope so! But now stop tweeting and keep learning! :/
the commercial with the truck going down the mountain is misleading and some ignorant person would really try it! Marketing uh, ?
is this Saturday! We will have a booth, so come say hi, listen to bands and eat good food!
How is the drinking coming then?
I love it how that said that I'm the only person that he would let piss on him!xD
RT : Talked w/2 legends tonight: John Glenn & OSU prez Gee. Uber impressive. Congrats to Kiplinger Fellows being honored.
Cynthia Selfe says something helpful: so, votes or solutions as Heideggerian technologies that are like "fixes"?
Did you know that my favorite food in the whole entire world is SHRIMP?
me too. I wanted her with Kevin for awhile. It just made sense~
did u win mr warrior??
Are you a ledgend in your own mind? Success starts there, I am, I even have my own theme song!!!!!
Mayweather vs Cotto closed circuit telecast from Mandalay event center. After Moorea this Saturday that's gotta be your night plans! Perfect
Neighbor's house for sale, so they're in the back yard!
i am so ready to find my big girl job lol
Hey were you surprised to see your dick when you lost all the weight?
thank you Newaukee, the mixer was a lot of fun. We hope you visit us again. Your event was fantastic!
boo bear
Me:I got bigger fish to fry. : apparently they all got up and walked away according to Darwin.
I have tivo and I forget to fast forward commercials
Final pack for my final move during my final summer vacation for my final year in school. Finally!
Raul Ibanez makes it 5-0 #Yankees. Four of his last six hits have been homeruns.
But I still got above the average score, I'm happy!
I THINK I might of set a goal size for myself, finally. Which is either 3/4ths or 7/8ths.
Don't worry. Chicken broth is America's miso soup.
“: Happy Birthday!” thank you hon
Don't disagree. Problem is, the first, most important piece is the toughest to find. Perhaps a 3-win season away..
no prob d.m me tho
u are more than welcome. Thank you for this great music!
I'd didn't meant it but he took it that way and I texted him to tell me what he is feeling and he's said I'm done.
Who ain't tryna bag nothing while the fire alarm on lol
Finished w/ my sister's dance recital. She did great! The only one that acctually danced! She was the best out there!
Can you meet me by the lake?
Was going to dive into some Edy's ice cream last night until I saw pushing an SUV on ESPN2.
Hard to pick one favorite #Henrymiller as far as I am concerned is one of the best and most unique authors
But you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
Email us:
Man i swear the ogts is thee dumbest thing .
and a double!!!
Nothing like a freezing morning run to get you going! Have a fantastic Saturday All!
Can you please hook me up with a chance to see Good Deeds before it officially comes out. This looks like a good VDay movie.
This man said thank God for the violence of prayer. Huh??
at ssc tryna register for a class
you are straight blowing Twitter UP with your crazy hotel management tweets! Whatwhaaaaat!
TIME TO SEE WHO CLOSES
I'm not trying to manipulate weak men, I'm trying to serve them chicken wings and beer. They just shake while I do it. ^_~
haha what the f... U talking about freak!
SDSU!! Finish it this time!!
Loved the story on Jack Hannahan. Great stuff! Just had to share :)
thanks for sunset photo retweet!
thx dude. gonna be a busy day
what comes easy won’t always last.and what will last won’t always come easy!
Epic weekend on Waikiki beach. On Saturday I saw a Monk seal - on Waikiki Beach, whale 2 miles off shore, a water spout, and an epic sunset
#confession I've made bad choices.
Love your enemies & despised ur friends cuz your enemies always remain the same but your friends always change like the leafs on trees.
So what the fuck is up? (-;
Ok the opera singing guy on made me tear up
Yes, everything is going ok. We are just having a difficult time managing her pain. =/ Thanks for thinking about her! =D
Why is she even on the Supreme Court. How can We The People have her romoved?
The schadenfreude, it is powerful.
3 I think. My bad. Didn't mean to send that from here. Mightve been a good for anybody that's location watching tho! Lol
Forgoing afternoon hoop dreams for sushi...
getting ready for takeoff.
RT : Food Fact: Pineapple is neither an apple nor a pine. It is a kind of berry. A really, really big berry.
It was nice to meet you in person. Hope to have a chance to chat longer sometime.
what about the other way around? What about inviting north Americans to play in Jr development leagues in Europe?
Your welcome!
I don't like to criticize other people's parents...But your mom should have swallowed!!!
Who wants to go ride the trails at kettle moraine? Since is being a bum and is still probably sleeping.
Every episode of #HollywoodBabbleOn, the more I fall in love with
We're excited too! RT : YEAH ! Happy 2CU announce has chosen you as regular guest blogger!
erm...let me get out of your way *puts plate in sink, goes out back door*
why thank you... Poor simba.. Hahaha...
yeh...noise and crowded places...
ass so fat i need a lap dance ah!
their FIRED!!!
Will Brad Pitt walk out tonight at the Academy Awards with the Oscar for Moneyball? He wins either way as he goes home with Angelina Jolie!
Ask Style: How to Make Wellness Your Focus in 2012? One of my goals for 2012 is to improve my overall wellness. Do you have any easy tips
OMG! I felt that moment too, Delhi to Kerala - one way and all of the family had their return tkts! Hugs for the big day!!!
at the design research conference in 2010 they brought in a FBI hostage negotiator to give a talk. Total +1
6 costumer service reps & 2 hours of being on the phone, the situation was finally resolved. That is still a #fail for
God, family, hustle is my motto
Its hard to pick a good one out of the masses on bbworld, think I finally found one thats pretty good though
"You're a dude-bender."-
Ok! Shout out to all our #FloridaGator Alumni! Tim Tebow is now a #JET. #GatorNation #BouncewithUs!
Small of your back.
im loving this shit !
I don't know what that place is, but I love what it COULD be!!!!
Big updates coming later about our BIG launch party week! We're abuzz with good news! (haha, hive pun!)
Well, you said you were a hoppy craft beer fan, and I thought I might learn something! Geek on!
Are you influential in wrinkles??? :)
If you have pictures from any of the sets I have sent you on, please email them to . It would be greatly appreciated!
Yup. At Alamo Square, at least. RT : Is that a vuvuzela?
Happy fishing Birthday we gonna make a song soon.
if you don't I hope it's nice out today!
I am following and have been.....
It was once against the law to have a pet dog in a city in Iceland.
Im Goin Hard This Summer... Nothin But Grind, Music & Fun... Cedar Point, A Trip To Atlanta For My Nigga Bachelors Weekend
I swear, I embarrass myself WAY to much, especially around guys<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
You're still from the south.
You have a sad life If all you do is hate on someone you don't even know.
Now that I am officially done with highschool my bum ass needs to find a good job.
Donate by TEXT. Text "AUTISM" to 85944 to donate $10 to improve a child's quality of life with autism. Reply yes to confirm gift.
Don't worry if you're not where you want to be. Like all of us you're not a quick fix project. Your path is a letting go and allowing.
we love - one of our partner restaurants! check out the review of our exclusive 10 course menu by the very hungry...
omg cats go rawr then? x)
AC needs and to kick things off in 2012!!
"Were you honest when you said, i could never leave your bead. Wake me up & let me know, your alive."<U+2665>
Looking forward to spending Mother's Day in Williamsburg. Love these weekends away with my son.
... It may be complicated.
:D <3 I screamed when i saw the commercial for the first time :P
happy birthday! :)
We fall down, but we get up ;) x
Just shows that AI is a rigged show once again. Jessica is built up in favor to win while Hollie who is brillant gets harsh remarks.
Listening to nsync <U+E32D>
In related news, the minivan we were going to borrow bit the dust. Anyone up for lending 6 Wichitweeps your minivan 1/16 to 1/21?
JUST CHILLEN BOUT 2 GET READY 4 WORK WHAT U UP 2
Insight Online - support incidents links self service video for replacing components for things that are field replaceable
#NP Dope Got Me Rich - French Montana
- Thanks for the follow friends! Have a great weekend.
Thanks Clive for the shout out bro! \m/\m/
Eyes are crossing from tiredness, but laundry, dishes, housecleaning and prep for houseguest #4 million await. Oh yeah... and QT w my son!
We'll discuss how libraries innovate to support new publishing models, good examples to share? PS. Hush seconded.
Big UPS to #Celtics tonite... Hopefully #Philly gets they shit together and makes this series competitive, #Heat fans need it!
Tomorrow night is another MARN Kino - showcasing short films by locals for only $3 at 7PM
luckily this was in test with a copy of prod data that you were modeling prod users right?
Back home, trying to get some work done on Drupal before bed.
Yaay 206 followers ! Thank you guys,I love you <U+2665> it doesn't matter if you're a belieber,mahomie,selenator,lovatic.. I love all of you.
Christmas needs to fucking hurry up. I need my Christmas music. And #UnderTheMistletoe <3
listening in from San Francisco
we get some rich people in the knobs!
the island makes it!!
first lilly's jam of 2012 tonight!
nope not this year. This is the year I finally catch him.
Alright I gotta be more careful.....
I love danielle we went to middle school togetehr and she loved the color purple and blue sometimes she spells
Good luck spelling tonight at Spellapalooza, and ! Don't forget the stall tactic: "can I hear it in a sentence?"
Does 17-year-old Miley's outfit show enough skin?
haha! i mean if i was on z Hill it would be a differnt story!
#FACT Here's what you need to know about MEN and SEX: mylikes
that's like dmv to the power of awful
Woke up late and having a breakfast blend in my living room where its 100 degrees
much thanks! Come over and join when you graduate!
oh okay. Yea that's easier.
shitttt.. u need that coat today!!
I'm basically 1/2 Irish and 1/2 Italian. Both cultures have proverbs about cats. "Beware people who dislike cats" - Irish Proverb
Okay, now hot-sub is reading catching fire.
ok *depressed face*
I'm blush with excitement to hear I have a fan!
I thoroughly enjoyed THE MARRIAGE PLOT, although I liked MIDDLESEX better.
Happy Happy Friday!!!! You are now closer to the weekend!=)
15+ miles biking on the Neuse River Trail! I just finished a 15.5 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
By old I mean 31 and over
#PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped demonstrates how desperate we are to find reasons why bad things couldn't happen to us.
Tomorrow night who wants to party?
don't even say I never liked you. I love you. Still do love you. I'm just fucking pissed off! Because everything you ever said
Watching #VelvetGoldmine for the first time in probably more than 10 years....
that's good <3
Suzie gets on my damn nerves
When are people going to start realizing it's not about them, but about him?
RT The 22nd Annual Chosen Few HOUSE MUSIC Picnic - JULY 7th in CHICAGO ft.
how did u know im listening to Drake
Thank you for the follow! Hope my info I share may be of benefit in many ways.
haha I can only imagine.
How crazy is it that I could walk from home to either of the top 2 NCAA Lacrosse Teams in the country?! Let's go Hopkins! May is big in MD
Scentsifying Milwaukee this evening. Looking forward to wine, appies and a smell-a-thon with Schock.
hell naw you know we got y'all this time its payback in the bay
Roll Tide man. Tell DeAndrew I said get well soon and yall Do work!
omg I'm not the only one up yay! Haha yeah me either!
Suggs vows he will play this season, but he's never sustained a major injury before. Most athletes overestimate their healing abilities.
kinda like using a band-aid for a gunshot wound?
#Lakmé + #Shakespeare + wine = classy Friday night.
I know. The hypocrisy of the overseer makes it that much easier for me to laugh at him.
so bord i hate skool bethany miller gets to come over marrow
NEVER EVER EVER<333333333,I look up to you a lot.<333
ty Love it!!!
Kerry Wood coming in... This should be fun
Nothing worse than showing up late to a fire, just in time to help clean up.
Chillin... Just seeing what's good with you
Sometimes i fuckin hate the world...like God Damn :/
. : Expand notion of museum beyond objects/building. Some communities are preserving their history online.
What kind? “: I have the biggest and juiciest apple with my lunch. I could live off of this thing for days!”
Been off the twitterdar trying to get launched but I'm back. Sorta. I admit to being a FB junkie.
Also Happy Valentine's Day everyone, especially Hope its a good one, despite the Halmark Day and Singles Awareness Day...
you know we always out but somehow they will never see us..
RT - If you live in #Jacksonville and you're not at the #Jaguars game tonight, your a loser... That is all.
Tweaking the new site for the next few days...please keep your feedback coming!
AH omg thank u so so much I LUV U so MUCH!!! <3
Here's to the kids who memorize lyrics faster than vocabulary words.
what about a report on the mormon religion and the difference between christianity
Glad you enjoyed it. Stop in next time you play MKE. Your show is brilliant. Loved the "naked" ads too!
My Christmas list? A mother fucking PILLOW PET! >:D
Sweet Bro! Have fun!
its Trey and the guitar is hurting him so good.
I need to plant asparagus.
Awesome #fail - Hulu says free + if you use IE 9, take my IE9 to Adobe - says flash installed. Go to Hulu- says flash not installed
Wide left?...hm
TIL Nathan Healey is literally upset about my shares. AMA.
3 things #energyefficiency can do for your #business: happier clients, more productive staff, huge energy bill savings=bigger bottom line!
Hm. RT : Me thinks Cal is underrated. I'll take him.
do you guys plan on playing a hometown show soon?
I live here so.. Lol
Truly trippy light show. My feet say dance but my brain says seizure.
Fresh week, fresh energy, fresh prince of bel air
A major, but unrelated, insight sprung out of today's personal blue screen of death day.
We are doing live spots this morning with at and at Miller Time Pub! Tune in for up to date parade info!
I know & now she's in high school! She's so wonderful & such a good girl...smart as a whip too :-)
yeah out of how many attempts ? Every player has a bad game their human do you remember lebrons 3 points last year in the finals?
Fruit loops.
Hmm, Red Hook lobster truck is in Ballston today. cc
I find Taylor Swift extremely irritating but her song on the Hunger Games soundtrack is beautiful.
hmm maybe! There's endless possibilities maybe we could collab
Jack Lindquist "this is the greatest tourist destination in the whole world"
#MadMen s4 rewatch: ep7 more great lines: "Why is there a dog in the Parthenon?" "That is a roach."
Free hot dog day is here! Happy National Hot Dog day! We are at Sunset and Arville today from 10am until 2 pm
Happy 2012, wealth health and happiness
Oh.my.god.
I'm in! If joins, is it a drama or comedy?
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Finally getting my veggie grill sandwhich and going to see Valhalla Rising
Life is short. If you love someone, let them know. If you dislike someone, let them go.
I need this vacation.
"Fame is the beauty parlor of the dead.” - American journalist Benjamin De Casseres (1873-1945)
Smh, my Doctor is at Lunch. Smh. Wow.
Its A Big Difference Between A Woman Nd A Bitch So If I Call U Bitch That Means Yeen Meet The Qualities Of A Woman
Everyone have a safe night tonight and don't make bad choices happy new year all!
This shit is rugged don't get it twisted.. It's the path I chose.. I deal with it.. You do something else.. Be creative at your shit..
Nah lol not yet
I'm on it. 4:45 a.m. alarm. Hit the ground running (for cupcakes of course). Hooah
Just Hired a talented Front End/Mobile Developer for a TOP Miami Interactive Agency!
This ain't no penis. This a long dick! Alright alright alright!
s/o to my follower #follow her
Not feeling this weather right now!
National surveys of households rated primary banks to determine which institutions create the most favorable experiences...
Let me borrow it tomorrow!
Allah is the guardian of those who believe. Allah takes them out of darkness into light. -Qur'an 2-257"
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how brave I am
Keep a stiff upper lip.
hey! It was great! How was yours?? (:
Grrrr my calendar was wrong and missed meetings this morning
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat
Nothing excites me less than Alex Smith.
Yay for leap year, an extra day I can put off paying bills
What if, instead of cap and trade, we just tap into geothermal energy instead?
I love this house. I love it so. I just hope it's not too much for us. Huge, and old, which means tons of work.
Anytime in between those days you dont work...
If I were , I'd throw the challenge so I could swiffer Phi Phi in a LSFYL!
The one that wins is the one that thinks they can !
The Brewers and Nats!!, and the O's Travel to to the Twin City to take on the Twins!
My luck!!!! Lol
They are predicting 1 inch of rain an hour for today! I'm already in over me flippers! I know Summer finished Monday but this is crazy!
yall are making my night :) :)
so weird how all babies are ugly except mine
500th Tweet! Better make it a good one! In 1967 California legalized abortion, the bill was signed into law by Governor Ronald Reagan!
Any hope for Laporta this year?
Hoping all my friends and family in my hometown of Dallas are okay.
that a boy Jake. Great game and remember this moment forever!
Hi Dana!! I hope your enjoying the class!!
PickUpLine: That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
“There’s no next time. It’s now or never.” – Celestine Chua
Things like 6am team pictures are what really make me love swimming
Can someone please tell me why Tiger's or anyone else's infidelity should be news to me?
I wanna smack a pool
Troma-tic Experiences via
"sorry for crushing your idealistic spirit" "you crush my spirit every time you interrupt my naptime" Me, talking to my polisci teacher.
yeah.. i'm ok. I can't date Lacy either cuz she is taking care of her grandparents on her dad's side when she is off of work.
You never get a break in life, its constant overcoming.
My boss is looking for a #FortLauderdale short term lease May 27- Aug 10th for her daughter. Help?
well...call a spade a spade and all that
Made it just in time for first session on new musetech. Whew! Rookie mistake with buses on my part.
Fuck Yu Mean All Her Sub Tweets About Yo Man .
Morning friends!!!!!! At the nail salon this lovely sunny Saturday morning follow let's get that 120k
When do you come back?
I've always wanted a waffle iron.
No Problem , Hope To See You N Your Friends At The Show!!. :-)
Don't do anything halfway, unless you're willing to be half happy.
People have wasted so much time bsing me in the past. They underestimated how much I really cared.
is remodeling the office. The office is looking great, but the hallways to get into the office are another story. Lol
Today is the final day for Student Elections. If you haven't already voted, Go VOTE now!!! It literally takes under a minute.
video girl the movie www.videogirl-themovie.com
personal banker!
Video 4 is up on YouTube Go check it out www.YouTube.com/InFocusWithMJR
Lol, I remember the song perfectly!
I really hate my mom. Another Saturday just like the last. Late again and I'm the one that has to pay for it.
": A study found people with lighter eye colors have a higher alcohol tolerance." this explains everything...
I love you babys
Spring Break! oh my. this has been a good one! makes me wonder what summers gonna be like.
I have to review and accept *how* many licenses to use the Android SDK? This is almost as bad as Microsoft!
why thank you...
Enjoying a fabulous conference! Thank you #aepforums!
Going to sleep. School tomorrow. Goodnight (:
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe? <3
I always get Miss, Mrs, and Dr. confused.
How does this baby put up with your whining?
Just was kickin it with developing our master plan. Sellin tickets to his show with only 15$ hit me up!!!
I had a hard time understanding what mr Miyamoto was saying but damn he is a BOSS
I think it says a lot about the type of consumers they want to have and market to
I was there the whole time you guys just dipped
mwrry christmas baby
In the world of so many babygirl u are that one..
You give her these 5 things men and you will never regret it, you will have woman that will return it 10 fold
how would you manage fake alcohol?
My husband was home from work today, so I went back to bed otherwise I'd be more of a mess than I was today.
if you guys come dressed as Easter bunny. Brunch is on me!;)
Ugh, I wish I had 's legs
ok..hit me up when u get a minute
what's up blood, fuck you been up to
Wheres my filter lol! RT : If a #Libra was uncensored 24/7 & said everything that came to mind, there would be no happiness.
When your parents tells embarrassing stories about you when your crush is around..
interactive galleries, artist sign up free for 30 days and upload your artwork. w.zanbeelart.com
At Tilted Kilt. best way to end my week ;D
I hate school<U+2639>
Just finished reading "The Shack" by William P. Young today...WOW. Such an amazing spiritual gift in reading that book. It so changed me.
Addicted to #StorageWars on I'm such an organization-freak that I get the 'cleaning itch' every time a new unit is opened. Ahh!
With my brother(;
Someone made ramen noodles in the microwave in adena and it smells like SHIT. I gonna puke
Okk I met the otter page so she deleted her other page like WTF
My wonderful wife and I are about to head over to Pats and Genos; I think I might get a foot long from each
The cup holders inside my car are great and all but what I really need is a place to put my coffee when I'm trying to get *into* my car.
Boo - no good
where yo party at?
“: Yes! And look........it is only the 10th! Lol!!” better late than never!! Less entries lol
To have wine or not to have wine...
Your ruining twitter ,people tweeting who I should follow! if you retweet something I like I will make the choice to follow them :)
Where do you listen to music the most?
Making candles & cleaning grave sites! Why not?!
Very good day today and good weekend Booked all week
I TRANSFERED FROM LOS ANGELES, YUR SKOOL HAS NO GYMNASTICS TEAM, THIS IS A LAST RESORT *CLAPS HARD AF ONE TIME*
no ones from the summer when I was tan and ones from a week ago
oh for certain.
Er, sad news. Can't even blame autocorrect for that typo.
I don't have the willpower to manually cull my account. So. Here we are.
How to not feel thankful? I work on the fn' USC campus!
Anone interested in designing and running our new Hair Mag? UpDoZ - Updo Hair with International Flair
ur funny 2day. 1st the reminder, then the tweet. can't wait 2 c what has l8r. RT Did U know 1 would HIT the street
One day a person loves you, next day u and that person are enemies.
Did you succeed at the Friday no stress challenge?
remember when your fan randomly turned on?
If u feeling froggy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8> leap
we're pretty casual here, mostly t-shirts and flip flops. Oh wait, that wasn't what you meant, was it?
Big ups to the homies & NEW EDITION Miami stop was EPIC !! My dude thx fo tix and backstage !!
i should probably charge my phone now
Seriously that description of us is dead on, right? :)
IM SORRY IM TO LAZY TO PUT OF MY PICS FROM FACEBOOK!!! ill do it when i have time.
Still nothing... I will try to get in contact with the TO's and see if I can get something from them.
that sounds great! I'll inform Mr. Salz and contact you tomorrow afternoon for details. Best!
editing the podcast of Myron Gutmann's talk from May. The door in that lecture hall has the loudest slam of any I've ever heard.
Mo emails mo money via
(not so random, it's Chance, he just hasn't come up here in a while so i'm surprised he made the trip up. all those stairs are hard on him)
Vendor-neutral records problem when can't use the multiple URLs therein Lots of work to filter out Trail
Shot the Mary J Blige New video last week in Brooklyn. Watch for it!
Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit lives in you? 1 Corinthians 3:16
Tony Gonzales. Smutty hasn't tipped his hat yet. Gonzo is deadly.
I believe so :-)
Transplants at The Roxy!!! The REAL show in LA tonight!! Go Tim -$uck u
Listening to while writing a speech for school(:
we all family mafucka I aint got no friends
I lose like 2-4 pounds on low carb day. Muscles shrink big time.
when is your app coming to android?
oh dats coo
you read my mind.
u ok?
seeing all these beliebers tweet makes me wonder if he will ever notice/follow me <3 BTW #boyfriendreview ITS AMAZING <33
HOLY CRAP ARE THINGS GETTING CRAZY!! STAND UP AND LAUGH IS ABOUT TO EXPLODE!!! ARE YOU READY?!?!?!?!
I feel yeah!
happy birthday!!!
great article on the Mozart playlist...now I can pick and choose the tracks off the Mozart Greatest hits CD my mum gave me.
Hinduism is not a religion, its a way of life.-Swami Vivekananda
your at where your at because of me
Before I even started reviewing combine results, Josh Robinson (UCF DB who ended up with fastest 40 time) looked like a first round pick...
Last day in the #archives with the Natalie de Blois papers before a nice week at Cape Hatteras with old friends.
hows the wrist?
Drawing around corners, in search for some distant vanishing point, my fingers feel for an angle, an edge, but only feeling texture.
yeah you just forget to tell the truth..or be with one girl at a time. But it's all good. Goodluck to the next one!
Today's gift card winner is KELLEY COOKSEY RAGAINS!
Bitch wtf are you lookin at ?
irmm.....don't mean to be sly but who is hanna ? X
Im not tryna underestimate them....but these teams look garbo!!
spring! the best antidepressant on the market.
I think I am going to take a couple of days off work and just package and send cupcakes to my media friends.
I had the worst ever workout 2day! My legs were really sore from workout A. Core ex. were great!
finally :) :) you get to follow a true fan and customer :) :). Thanks!
You made me proud to be an Ark alum tonight I can't imagine anyone handling this better than you did.
why can't tomorrow come faster!
Don't like letting ppl borrow money. Once that person doesn't pay back they mess it up for everyone...
lol I kno I kno I just been busy !
So are the door open or what?
Will Twitter be awesome for professional networking? Let's find out!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!82
"Bonds instantly to skin."
saw it yesterday, looks exciting! (eggciting in mcrackins lingo) i put it up on FB and messaged a few buds about it.
grateful that spring has sprung.
I was bouncing 21 in the air the whole time you were rapping lol you went hard :) <21
such a girl thing to say. :)
it know I was just there last week but I need to come back again. Everything you guys have is delicious.
got 9 hours of sleep last night! Felt so good.
“: JR... when going YOLO goes right...” LOL
You're up early..
Don't forget to tune into with this weekend! Our own Gary Daniels (The Expandables) is on!
shldnt we be past black and white versions of ppl?
Super Sunday Schedule: Skype meeting, Pho lunch, Art Museum.
Thank you for sharing your post "Reference: Useful HTML tags." I'm very new to coding, so it helps to have this.
Look how that worked out! RT : remember when Brooke Shields was married 2 Agassi? They started their romance by fax.
: President Obama: Today, I can report that, as promised, the rest of our troops in Iraq will come home by the end of this year.
Happy Hour just got better. It's Happy Hour, Every Hour now! $3 select beers, $4 premium well, $3 jager's, $2 PBR or Tecate's, $2 Bud Cans
Cheer up, #sjsharks...it's now a 5 game series in which we have home ice. Time to get loud and get crazy at the 'tank!
forgot to tell you - i think it was him who jumped me in the alley the other night.
So happy #AndyPettite is on the mound
Thank you. Sounds great. I'll be a few minutes late to the game, but I'll see you out there.
I am going to Hollywood this summer!!
I HAD THAT COPIED AND PASTED IN A TWEET TO YOU JUST NOW SAYING 'OKAY DONE HERE IT IS" WOW WTF LOL
Spying: Always interesting to get a sneak peek at what files people save onto their desktop when projecting on big screen
Thanks for the follows!
ditto! Actually insert KC in between Dallas n Oakland wknds. Wonder if I'll run into Glove, ShortDawg, Hamma, or Oaktown 357?
We are so glad you enjoyed today! Help #makechange with the #RealChangeProject!! Follow and RT!!!
U don't know my struggle.....4yrs. of prison & a damn good eye opener...
Go read 's Reuters columns, they're like his awesome class minus unlit cigars and withering condescension
We are getting ready for , the red carpet is going down and the Italian Opera is playing.
"Gain some fucking composure. WE CAN'T HAVE ANYONE FREAKOUT, OUT THERE!"
No problem..you ladies are financial rockstars!;)
- good luck cycling today! Thanks for putting the pedal to the metal to
Killin The Game Out Here In The D
House and Senate who plan to vote yes on SOPA and PIPA: no amount of lobbyist money will help you scrub away the taint of your yes vote.
Doing the morning mayhem...your probably normally up before the roosters...lol. Catch ya on my drive in the morning...
You gonna die .
g'morning to you too
Happy to have you following. Thank you:
lmaaao, trust me you're not the only one ;P
seeing Tommy Wiseau's the Room for the second time, for better or worse, gives me eternal hope as a filmmaker.
Thanks, guys!
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Sir Winston Churchill
same to you. I wish u all d best
Just landed in Los Angeles. We have such a long layover.
HATERS make me FAMOUS !! :P
Oh btw The Avengers is a badass movie.
#BecauseofmyEx I used to be real confident now I'm a bit insecure
My iPod's favoring Fall Out Boy. What
I'll never forget the day I heard my music on TV for the First Time
New Horizon Theater, Inc., presents BLUEMAGIC at KellyStrayhorn theater in East Liberty, Pittsburgh, Pa. May 1st @ 8pm. Get tickets now!
yea :D
ughh i have a major head ache:/ today was not my day!:'/
My sister has a story in the latest issue of Closer to a Place Like Home by Margaret Crawford.
tomorrow = test -.- :cc wish me luck
Hi Michele, my company may fit the bill. Email me at please.
So r u interested in trk?
To reduce inflammation in your body, shoot for 8 serv of fruit/veg per day-try a TT veggie bowl
RT : Everyone who bought PPV, who came out to Vegas and #TheMoneyTeam -- Thank you.
Watching "Cut" on Netflix: Australian film students try to finish a horror film that ended in disaster a decade ago.
For a chilly fall day drop in and try our warm and tasty Chicken Armondo. M!
Be sure to welcome from DH team to twitter!
Only $45/ month when you sign up for 1 year!
what u want to bet?
no problem!(; Your Welcome
The Lorax!! Love! Favorite Dr. Seuss book :-)
of course the game isn't sold out, no one comes to watch the Pacers unless they play New York, Miami etc, no support!
out of any gal I ever had i gotts say. I fx with u the most. !!!! Just know that
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar books? Read GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. $2.99 AmazonKindle. Gritty tale of women in Hooker's camp.
I'm in the mood to watch movies! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
Yah, tell me to die of AIDS when you're the one making out with random guys you just met.
Preventative Patrol, Routine Incident Response, Emer. Response, Crim. Investigation, Problem Solving, & Support Services
I saw (I think it was in a vignette for twitteR) that there are no built-in warnings when you exceed API limits..
RT : a week from now i'll be waking up in the big easy! hmm, cafe du monde or straight to bourbon st? (You have to come see us!)
has been twirling in the snow :)
Another feisty episode of Portland Sucks - today at 8AM Pacific - www.pdxsucks.com
I find backhanded tweets/facebook comments to be the most immature thing ever.
Haven't twit in a hot lil min. Sitting on the side of the pool in Vegas. Miss the West coast alil ;) Heat is playin no joke out here
Took my first shot at guacamole and I did pretty well.
2 interview melanie campbell on Tom Joyner in am about Susan Komen cancel grants 4 Planned Parenthood cancer screening
It's Friday. Start your weekend off right! Come by Shorty's for lunch. Specials start at $4.79!
Time to return home from parade and I REALLY miss my car right now.
#ASTD2011. M301 Plan for data collection early, before the intervention. Jack Phillips
... To do! I am so incredibly pissed right now. I wanna punch a wall.. better yet their faces!
re-reading this now makes me realize that
Wishing it was thunderstorming tonight.
Growing Local: Sheerlark Farm - She's Got Your Goat! - The Chattanoogan
THE MORE YOU JUSTIN FAMILY EVER IT TAKES A LIFETIME TO LOVE LOVE YOU
I'm looking extra cute for my BF today but I don't think I'll have enuff time to see him <U+2639> #FuckNATO I'm finna protest!
What's better than working in the garden this morning? The nap this afternoon :)
Moving to Lisbon, Portugal for 8 months in a bit (dissertation research). Any recommendations of things to do/eat/visit etc.?
Its really all i got in life haha!!
"Spanish Pantalones." Love this movie.
“No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind." - Taylor Swift
Exciting news! We will have Manning T-shirts starting next week in Orange and Navy. Sizes xlt thru 4 xlt, and 2x thru 6x.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-50
to your bio no that makes u fun
Memphis forces Gm7 on Sunday...Spurs will play Gm 1 on Tuesday
Hi! Thanks for the editing. Excited to see it. Small world!
ugh i know and december is not going to be pretty either, 2 games including the new Star Wars MMO...bye bye life.
nothing just listening to music
lol people think i'm cute.
Long Story Short Kisses!
Thank you! Feel free to bring them in to the showroom!
yep.. gotta have that special someone with u or else its just plain gloomy lol
what will happen to traditional retail? Wheaties FUEL® Honors 2011 Baseball Champion Albert Pujols MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wheatie
anxious ambivalence is an essential part of the experience
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo DM me back!
It's Andrew Bogut bobblehead night at the Bucks-OKC game tonight. Whoops.
I wonder what the folks at Flickr are working on these days?
Starting to think chivalry doesn't exist anymore
's brothe met today .. OKAY IM JEALOUS.
Obviously! Hey we still need to catch up sometime soon :) RT : 2012 will be great!
Compounds in green tea have been shown to help reduce inflammation in your joints.
I was at school all day, then went to work for the rest of the day. It sucked ass.
Lower back pain: lower back pain when twisting
May your blessings outnumber the shamrocks that grow, and trouble avoid you wherever you go. Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!!
Ok, fine, all you want is to be with him. But can you please scream about it in front of someone else's house? It's kinda late.
@ @ woah totes!! I have an order to place!
yeaahh thank god! :)
sarcasm, right?
Happy moments, praise God. Difficult moments, seek God. Painful moments, trust God. Every moment, thank God.
have you consider the impact #bbh1200 will have from stop 212 eastbound to harbor? You may also want to have a voice in this
raiders going to Superbowl baby :-)
Come on Rangers, score a goal. It's really fucking simple. Put the puck into the net and we'll go fucking mental! (tune: Yankee Doodle)
ITS FUN!
I wish I had my girlfriend back
I love pencil to paper, and my mac can never duplicate that feeling.
So wish I had a love life :/
Happy New year lady! 2012 is your year!
From Washington to New York to Japan #NBAlogowontdisapoint!!
Not yet on the market#SonyEricsson GreenHeart ismade w/ recycled biodegradable components
If the #Bulls don't win another game against Philly....It makes u wonder
Mike & Mike pushing 2 buck tee-shirts.
Omg it's so cute how Justin put his performance for Someday At Christmas in his album. His voice is just so soothing. Love u
Now that song will be stuck in my head ALL day. ;)
ohmygosh, that poem in your pocket! I'm carrying it, too, along w/WDMyers "Love That Boy"! xx
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken. ~Orson Rega Card
aight next time I will! Wasn't sure if it was u but now I know! See u got your lil poodle, Brook, on lock huh? Haha
Attitude is like driving a car; people notice when you swerve.
You're a jazz fusion shenanigan.
I didn't notice that until you mentioned it.
No Problemm. Xo.
Hows about No. 12 :) I'm intrigued. RT : Too high with the 7th.
Nationals scoreless in first 3 innings.
#fundraising+you know how to use #angellist they understand human psychology
Aaayyyeee grab the mix tape bro! $7 17 songs!!
#BREAKINGNEWS: There have been more than 30 white powder envelope scares across the Country so far this week alone. 6 in PDX.
Very interesting interactive map RT : Dadaab: city of refugees - interactive
According to the National Institutes of Health, up to 80% of the U.S.'s Hispanic population are lactose-intolerant.
is the stuff about his weight, strength, and speed
Hahahahahahahaha probably that was the funniest thing ever... Oh my ipod is in your car will you bring it tomorrow??
bc they accepted you!
About 24 firms white-label mobile apps by that let clients see their portfolio reports 24/7
Your social and personal life will be affected with all responsibilities and deadlines.
I can't even read the word without hearing that woman's voice
hardly sounds like a challenge anymore. Maybe they should call it "watch the big ten beat up on the acc for a week"
Was wondering why MSNBC was torturing us with whole Newt speech--realized their anchors had errands to run and dinners to eat.#blathering on
The line at the pharmacy counter at the Columbia heights metro never ceases to amaze me
“: I remember when the Pro Bowl games were actually good” I'm 31, and I don't. It's always been a wall thru (party) event...
ok after listening to a little more music, then to bed
There are no words to say how happy i am that has got his Skunk hair back :D
People say too much too soon...
Hope things get better for you soon.
Sweet! RT I am so excited! is amazing and taking me to meet Katy Perry tomorrow.
but idk what though :/
Thanks Liz for the Retweets!
Gonna watch netflix.... C:
THAT'S WORSE THAN HIM NOT RESPONDING :(
come on wednesday ready to sing :)
mono donde estas metido i miss you , i'm so not looking forwardto school sigh...
So, yeah, Qtips is an a-hole. Sadly, many of those he'll be endangering will still worry for his safety.
those look super neat!
Life is beautiful. And getting better by the minute.. So blessed Xo
while I'm monster drinking. Yea love that song.
Welcome back....Sorry the ADS will take care of biz on Fri in front of 17,000 FANS!
Life would be easier if you could mark people as spam...
don't be an asshole
What should i eat 4 lunch?!?
thats sounds good make me wanna go hit that starbucks
You writing an intro to Bob Moon's piece? RT Why do candidates "suspend" when they're dropping out? Is it about the money?
Crazy week ahead with and - gonna make some FIRE!!!
yes please!!!!:D
I'm Bored.
We need more journalists like you. Kudos 4 taking guest 2 task on "bombshell video." 2 often, no one calls them on the lies
#miobi #makeitorbreakit did they really just cut you??? No!!!
Moving. Moving. Moving. Moving. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Sucks. Just keep thinking #biggerplace!!!
Do we ask of God all that we need, or just what we think He will give us?
Pudsey, the Britain's Got Talent winner, is now the second richest dog in England, after Harry Redknapp's dog Rosie.
When your singing in the shower & you wonder why you haven't recorded an album yet.
#iDiversity - using adaptive technology to translate formats from motion to sound.
lmao you're a jerk!
What time do you open tomorrow? We are looking forward to visiting and filling up.
Lifelong Wis. resident. Mayor Tom Barrett needs more than Obama. He's a weak candidate.
Im all ears....and fuck those people at dat strip club u need to go to Magic City or KOD lol
Hi Keli! Any chance of getting an original copy of the article from Jan 6th? Thanks!
is this real?
i know:(
in regards to his original post
I follow so many porn stars now because of you.
Nice! It'll be a good show!
Trying to make something from nothing! Follow me...
"into your arms" is always our jam
I'll keep an eye out for you at #ShelfLifeTwo!
Don't waste time concentrating on your fake friends, focus your energy on your real friends.
was it fun?
Dear high maintenance baby fussing in the jumperoo: who are you and what have you done with my son?!...
< are constantly influenced by other systems of oppression. Can't separate identities. So we can't separate oppressions.
oddly Twitter says you aren't following my accounts.
RG3:I plan to be successful
I'm glad you joined us :)
"Life is a saga" Vojtech Jasny (Czech filmmaker almost died 3x)
Form is key! If you are doing a workout or motion incorrectly, you can lose up to 35% of that workout's value, wow! Ask people for help!
Sam looks like he's getting a boner watching Mercedes... Just Saying.
In the morning, I'll be heading up the mountain for a writing marathon. I will be afk for 36 hours of clickety-clackety. Need anything?
To clarify: libraries can be good at hosting web content. Don't have the resources to run an e-journal independently.
PACKERS all the way!!!!
hope to see some new wares from yall soon. it's been a min
welcome nick perry
Just wanna go to Stratford, so bad
Have a buddy that has one ticket left in section 141. Ticket is $300.
I need to go to Madison this weekend. I think I'm in Mad Withdrawl
Lol im not at school .. Idk how you're gonna get it
ah bored! whuut to do todayy ;p
Covering up a WWE ad???? Smash is dead to me!
And thank you for the card!!!!
Thanks for sharing the Google Plus invite!
Wow... Great start to the final game of the MNSHL hockey tourney! Lots of hard hits. Go BSM!
My eyes burn!!
“: People who have no standards <” Derrty Mufuckazz would fuck a roach for a Slice of bread wit no crust
Dam it I got hacked sorry guys!
Overheard in the Praxis Fellows' lounge: "What if you had a kid with Hitler?"
I Gotta Pee Every 5 Minutes!
His smile, his laugh EVERYTHING Lol <333
here i did numba one ima do 3 right now :)
If I saw a woolly mammoth today I think I would have a better camera to capture the moment with. Give me back those 48 seconds.
You still down to chat? We need to catch up :]
Well, Italian, but still
Right back atcha! So cool to meet you in person. Would love to do it again sometime!
Just heard "She's an easy lover" by Phil Collins en route to a court hearing. I don't know if that's good or bad.
I can't help but be amused at all the cutesy dumb messages and posts you get, and all your posts are straight up business.
Looking forward to be working at marianos again this summer... NOT
Who buys toothpaste without the "plus whitening" or OJ without the "calcium added"? I mean, its just good sense.
thank you that means alot :)
kierra is that ms.arnold in the back
Treat your #mom to a relaxing, fun getaway with us on #MothersDay weekend! There's so much #shopping and dining to be done!
(technically theres only one king to guard, unless you are playing several games of chess with several people)
Good mornin' Twitter!
Brunch with 3 amazing ladies, great Mexican food, incredible mimosas + beautiful weather = perfect Saturday afternoon
I normally have to pay for that kind of service!)
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 28
im leavin now
haha not many people do. but its so good for you!
So close. Too much Smith.
Your professional clothing drive donations can be dropped off at tonight's Social & Cultural Committee mtg beginning at 7pm at GWUL.
Tina Brown says failure of Talk gave her connections that enabled later success of Daily Beast
Balboa island= heavenly ! I don't wanna go back to cold chitown tomorrow
Ability is what you’re capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. -Lou Holtz
It'll be a "Super Bowel Movement" if too many hot dogs, chicken wings & beer is consumed that day LOL
you'll rock it :).
haha im gonna keep it..
#InMiddleSchool Recess Used To Shake!
What a day. If they made Thundershirts (those sweaters that calm anxious dogs) 4ppl, I'd be wearing 1 right now. I need hugs & maybe a beer.
Bad ass #BoardwalkEmpire finale! Sad that one of my favorite characters is gone. (That's me not spoiling the ending for you!)
I think everybody ought to get rich and prominent and do everything they ever wanted so they can notice that it's not the reply.
What vet to you use?
oh babe
for sure. No worries. Will be back soon!
Filming Damian Chapa's "NIGHT BIRD" until 5PM & then Day 2 of shooting feature film "BROOKLYN BREACH" until midnight. Time well spent!!!
learn before you go!
i want some chicken n waffles an some kool aid:)
Have a great 4th of July!
I love what?!
I'm so confused as a baby in a top less bar!! Brahaha
Wishing the #archivist and #librarian community had a resource like
I had to reread that bout 8x I see why you cant get your own crib you probably cant spell you name a application
Makin' it halfway through the week.
is sitting in a swanky house in swanky beverly hills. that's where i want to be!
COME TO NEBRASKA!!! PLEASE.
tht phone call was pointless -___-
What to do w/ old PNLA badge ribbon, service certificate for WA Gov's conf on libs, membership cards for WLA, SLA? Toss I guess :(
Headed in to DC to volunteer for at the Science & Engineering Fest!
As one door closes, another always opens.
Anyone still need/want G+ invites?
Congrats on the FGOTW feature!! Go girl! You look amazing!
You go, girl
I think being GRAND is what I do best!
where can i get some jerk energy soda?!
OK, can someone tell me how to make it so that random "friends" on FB can't just add me to their frivolous groups and events?!
no, I'm coming back in a couple of days. Don't want too though :(
I did so many times on the number you texted me on vacation
Take a look at the crowd and hype surrounding LSU-Alabama and you see why the S.E.C. Is so dominant. Players want the highest level-its here
Use Akismet, it's awesome for fighting spam
thanks for confirming, you are most welcome.
Willow Smith Is Gona Be THAT Girl Within The Next Few Years
so austin is maybe going to london or berlin but why not Paris ? :(
For mothers day i got my mom a card that said grandma, ON ACCIDENT, she freaked.
After 2 days @ Washington DC @ Freddie Mac/ Multifamily Conf. Freddie's multifamily lending platform robust. Future looks promising @ conf.
please follow me <3 <3i love you Giuliana you are fantastic please follow me
thats what happens in May
sounds sucky, what did you watch that made you worse?
I'm coming into b dubs this week! U workin?
4 straight hits for the Giants and still nobody out.
"Facebook is fuckin up the planet." - Shakespeare
I loved all the questions. Ya'll are smart cookies.
ys " Someone take me to bahama bucks! And i'll love
I toast my colleague and friend, Walt Bodine. 72 years as a broadcaster. Secret? Loyalty. Constant loyalty to the audience.
Omw home Finna take a shower wash my hair then relax.
Work and then Razoos with my girls and then movie with my hubby! It's gonna be a great day.
that sauce was damn decent.
How can they possibly have not yet learned that their modifications never ever work???
Thanks Julian, but the only thing I (w)rap are presents. “: >>> >>> 2 Live >>> Hoopla Gang”
Saz's State House Steak of the week is an absolutely nutty 20 oz. Prime Porterhouse! That's right...20 OUNCES!!
Hi Laine! Support our organic salon in Fresno by giving us a shoutout or enjoy our organic salon services at Thread&Sugar:)
Shoot. Someone call Dan Bane and tell him Fresh & Easy opened a store right across the street. He can't ignore that, right?
#NWLC11 If you don't get a balanced diet in the Word, you starve. (Buddy Owens)
No worries Devin. Good to see you back out on the scene again man. Too funny to not do it!
You mean murder threats shouldn't be taken seriously?
dinner with a schmuck.
pretty good just working & trying to find a job in Journalism. That's cool your graduating soon. We should grab a beer sometime.
What do I do with a boy like you? :/
just won a free case of Hop On Top! Congrats! DM for info where to pick it up!
one more cover idea..."Miss You" by the Stones and it's sweet bass line
Chilling down south Florida! Bout to hoop a lil..holla
Why is it that my dog gets pissed off when I blow in his face but when I put him in the car he sticks his head out the window?
I hate when I have to confirm my email to sign up for something t-.-t
LOVE it! , ROCK & ROLL! Tonight 8PM Tix $15 available at the door.
no worries-I do! LOL
great phone convo with today. very encouraging!
SAT today and I have the worst cold of my life.
tired of twitter, tweeting and everybody on here. and it just happened and suddenly
make your profile private, you have to do it from a computer though
Just had a little black girl ask me where her mom was
Happy birthday to the AMAZING Janet Jackson, she turns 46 today!!
don't even THINK about tweeting me, again. fuck you. leave me alone. leave me alone. leave me alone.
Celebrity Cruises Holiday Savings Event! Book by Friday for low holiday cruise prices & ship board credits! Call our experts 800-803-7245!
my feet hurt so bad its ridiculous i might hafta go in a wheel chair..totally #worthittho ;)
Social networking made for achieving goals! www.iaminc.biz
come over. :)
Failure is not embarrassing. In fact it inspires renewed determination and vigor.
But then again, so did the Voodoo Glow Skulls...
Very happy my wife likes #topgear!
Just saw a cop driving in my neighborhood
Welcoming timeline to the official profile. We'll see how it goes...
Ting Yang Twins!!!!!
I'm better than you think I am.
Today seems like one of those days were everything is complicated. Although the positive is that I think I did well on my math test!
Only laker playing with a pulse tonight is the best player in the game
my pleasure! Hope your Saturday is off to a great start!
with ur looks ur amazing voice sent down from heaven you'll make it further then you ever thought keep it up <3 you!!!!!
LOL right now I just got home from walking 4 miles al day. SHOPPING. And the movie um and the cop place.
I'm sitting here trying to craft one in my head - so hard! Such clever people, they're cracking me up too!
woww, I can't believe! Do u remember me? I don't think so.. when I met u and u had 1K or 2K of followers. I'm happy for u :)
I'm glad! The next one is a bit of a slow read, just so you're not taken unawares, research the narrative construction.
what I precious baby!
how i determine whether an paper/book is good or not: if it reads well in John Green's voice, it works for me.
I wont happen because congress wont pass anything that hurts their employers - the oil companies, not until money is taken out of politics
and you know it!!
follow me please<3
yeah me 2 but i dont want to do a old song
Maybe I'm too much for my own good...
Soo...Selena and Justin broke up? Someone fill me in!
Thank you for that fun contest and also for those coming Cutey bracelets. :)
building for #mobile 1st, Web 2nd; is a smart way to plan for the future Instagram Deal - Move Toward Cellphone From PC...
Ha! Q: Fave Shakespeare A: The Tempest. I like that shrimp, Calabash. j/k Seriously: Antony and Clawopatra. No, really: Coriolanus
Xbox 360 or ps3?
Staying up talking to him is worth it
Customer, grasping antique looking, but actually not, library table: Wow, I love this table. Is it for sale? Me: No.
Well, if the won't invest, why don't you offer them positions where they're paid in equity, rather than money?
I was right! He's pulling up to my house now! Welcome, Oberweis!
Thanks, everyone, for a great day of Bootcamps and conversations. See you all at 8am tomorrow morning for session voting! (It's fun!)
jeff don't pit like i pit. I bring the rage of 2 ethnicity's.
looking for a Financial Analyst - NYC
Haha, you sound just like right now! Oh wait, that's her everyday.
Hanging out at 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!
*pokes head into kitchen*
Why are we pumped for the 2012 season to get started? Because it is that much closer to 2013!
What many r missing is most of these guys aren't learning personal finance in the NBA, they're blowing their money & broke.
yeah surf you're the G.O.A.T you should retire like Mook and ask for 25k.
That awkward moment when I drunk text saying Happy birthday, then when she tells me it's not her birthday I reply "yes it is."
Now why you gon do that.? Let YOUR insecurities ruin a perfect thing.
Better behave, or I'll have to hold you down and give you what you deserve.
: SFilming Rock House Keyboard Course book with Sal Grillo local CT keyboard legend
I wish the Pacers had as good of fans as the Thunder do!
But we miss you in Cleveland!
lmao really your gonna say 3 tits ??? O.o im very confused xD
it's time!
You got it right Coach! That's more than the majority of people will do. We are programmed to turn away from God, not toward Him!
spent my weekend in westchester with regina, we got some awesome creative furniture for our new apartment!
I support #anonymous because the vigilante aspect is captivating.
75 million Twitter users as of the end of January.
Having coffee at 10:30 at night? Yep! :)
or judge apatow...
Welcome! Make sure you swing by the Weiner's Circle after a Cubs win :)
Smashed: an alcoholic love story that somehow manages to be really funny, & not melodramatic. AA put in the language of the Gen Yers.
Appreciate beauty.
Your Inception talk forced me to tune to Joe Rose. You should apologize for that as well...
Ah the dryer trick. Forgot about that.
been getting feedback that the squirrel being clickable in Proximity was maybe too subtle. Did you notice? :)
LHP Robbie Ray starts game two wedn afternoon at Salem; 1st road start of season
Be the change you want to see in the world.
I've tested out a few alpha apps already - I'd love to help out! Let me know how I can be of assistance.
at the Lit Managers convening. Lit Managers having office hours once a month. Open to anyone to start conversation. 2/2
Oh, I'm so sorry for you
Every once in a while I go to the drives and delete images now lost in time....
you know it!
Schneble uses affirmative private messages to inform students about their strengths in the course - helps them gain confidence.
Happy Monday and Martin Luther King Jr. Day! Just wanted to say thanks for your support so far! We all appreciate it.
shit I might as well wit the way these customers be actin
Id rather live in GOD's arms... Have a good day! =) RT : Die in a burning bus
Art night is going on now. Bring a craft/art project and work on it here. Creating in a collective environment is always fun!
do you ever follow any fans or do you just keep it friends to keep down the asking and begging?
Thanks, it means a lot<3 We'll try to make it over there as soon as we can.
Lover.ly Makes Wedding Planning Simple
I can appreciate a tasteful nude. I can appreciate other types of nudes too.
come here kitty kitty kitty :)
So I deleted one of my MySpace profiles! You proud?
Washington is a Hollywood for ugly people. Hollywood is a Washington for the simpleminded.-John McCain
I highly doubt we will have mass in the auditorium next week
Hey I heard congratulations are in order for you. Way to go. So excited for your new adventure.
I follow the next 10 who follows !!!
Happy Friday the 13th!
has been such an inspiration to my writing lately. Thank you!
InCommon and PESC announce a pilot project, AdmitMe, to demo the advantages of federated identity mgmt to streamline the admissions process
If your dying 7 year old wants to trend on twitter his last day on earth you have utterly failed as a parent and human being.
Good morning folks!
ah you poor dear
Happy mifflin folks. Ill be at work if you need me....
Mark my words: will outlast them all.
i love not having class!.. i know how that feels haha
I won't be able to get enough of you after an eternity baby <3
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Happy Belated Birthday
No kidding, the Leafs are going to really turn some heads next September.
nope. Nobody wanted to hangout with DJ for awhile. Tonight I'm headed out with Picard!!
Running in 80 degree weather! Kudos to the #bostonmarathon runners.
Happy Birthday to the Beautiful, sweet ! Love u Friend! Hope to see u soon X
Basketball practice tomorrow morning for a little bit then going to head out to the beach for couple hours with bro !
#ICantLiveWithout My music/iPod.
this made me laugh out loud. thank you.
yeah I thought about that challenge but I don't want to die from it
We are so glad we had the opportunity to showcase Eva's great work. An amazing woman!
i'm not liking trackD: only because i'm forced to do distance
As Woody Guthrie said, "some will rob you with a six-gun, some with a fountain pen". Pirate!
got them. -.- u need to stop with the old ppl
happy birthday Buck! We're sure you will have many many more!
thought you did?
Seriously had 2 DM 2 C what the hell he was talking about! Bahahah! So funny!
thank u
No problem w/ looking at it, just don't confuse its importance. It's fine to have Klout...it's another thing to BELIEVE in Klout.
Re/Your local bookstore: Good to hear, but I don't think we can use Vermont as a bellwether for any general U.S. trends :)
Thx for the #ff, great to see you on twitter again :-)
I just want my diploma already.
Got the night off! Chillin with my daughter and niece!
Me too!
WTF!!! Rebecca Black would never beat im sorry rebecca but justin bieber is the #1 best teen singer in da world but nice try
My mom just forced me to cancel my order of edible arrangements because she doesn't want fruits .... It's my gift to you so shut up <U+E420>
i hate fucking waiting, shit blows
Hey pigeons the rock and Cena going lose tonight
In NYC?? That's surprising.
Phillip Phillips, I bet you're a real catch. Will you let me reel you in? You don't want to win American Idol anyway right?
me too...there is none here :(
you're so sweet & thoughtful <3 :)
note to self: when you use candy for markers in BINGO, the kids will be happy about the program ending
Lol!! RT : #TodayInTwitter close to home; has fun; watches it unfold; annoyed
hey, only being completely honest! :-)
got it thanks!
I'm facetiming you tomorrow in class #JustBecause lmfaooo i missed my phone
Watching Gordon Ramsey's great escape on #Netflix right now. It is awesome.
Unreal RT Worked in MiLB for a year, the number of people that assume there's a peanut-free zone in ballparks is laughable.
been listening to Second & Sebring all morning & just wanted you to know that i'm sure your mom is so proud of you (:
Woahh bipolar weather up in huuur..it was fricken hott today, tomorrow it will be cold. Sick
I want to do the Trans Siberian again from West to East
Walking away from what I want and waiting for what I deserve
whoa! Had no idea that was you Margaret---awesome!
Excellence is not a singular act but a habit. You are what you do repeatedly. -Shaquille O'Neal
Music is the art of thinking with sounds
unlike Coachella which is absentmindedly retro, it seems 90s+ indie will throwing a multi-city festival this year!
I'm pretty fortunate. The theater I'm going to tonight has assigned seats that the ticket buyers get to choose.
I'm coaching a girl for a State Teen USA prelim. Any last minute advice in 140 characters or less?!? ;)
Didn't see the game, but it does happen quite a bit in a lot of games for sure
25 days until Christmas and 32 days until 2012.
thanks Kevin!!
I feel so awesome ;) 69 followers...Jamino. ;)
U need Colt Mcoy on ya squad RT Steelers are monster!
#mpmf - Greg from Deerhoof will be a special guest with tonight at 9 PM Cincinnati Club Room!
FACT: listening to men at work makes working on saturday better. Seriously, throw their song overkill on repeat. I miss nostalgia.
where do you guys think the future of the NFL is going? I hope nowhere....
Jeanne love to hear about any examples of iPads in the corp classroom. Looking to pilot at SBDU
Social media boot camp
I've got too much shit going on.
ROOOOAAAAARRRRRR!!!!! Merry christmas....
Eugene folks – look for our bike cart at Eugene Sunday Streets today and grab a sample or a full growler of Oregon's tastiest kombucha!
Went to the Blackhawks Flames playoff game tonight. Went to overtime and Hawkls scored 12 second into OT. Blue Jackets lost to the Wings.
Send birthday wishes to #birthday Please retweet
Sitting for over an hour on a Delta plane- waiting to take off.They closed the doors and decided we still weren't ready to take off.
I love the female form....;)
9pm sharp! Looking for to catching you.
What are you looking for in an interviewee?
Big Marketing Day for Losing Ground tomorrow! Catch us in Time Square, Central Park, and Penn Station! Launch in 4 days!!!
Cooler Than Me- Mike Posner
I Feel Like Crying, Screaming, Yelling, Curse Somebody Out And Hitting A Bitch In The Face!
Allegheny Technologies Announces Webcast of Conference Call for First Quarter 2012 Results
you don't "get" to do comedy. It's a mad skill!
Yeah haha it's good
Got my popcorn out for 's story.
Good morning! The House is back in session. Trying to psych myself up for it!
where is it?
Jimena's 9th Birthday is tomorrow :) Lots to do tonight! So EXCITING!
hey I still dont have my phone so just letting you know I wont be at practice tomorrow..
I have WAY too many calendars going right now. Phone, outlook for work, purse sized and family calendar. Anybody got a better system?
DC artists have been neglected: vast majority of funds go to national programs. Today, the City Council showed it values local community.
#makemusic be about something
Mr.D's Painting.Call us for a free estimate.We pride ourselves in the work we do.And we "love to paint" 619-562-5848 or www.mrdspainting.com
- lot of zorinsky running. But, with marathon training I get bored - gotta 16 to do this wkend probably on keystone
lmao , thank you (:
Thanks for the follow.
well thanks man...NOW SHE WILL KNOW THE NEXT TIME SHE LOGS ON!
oh, do keep calling me that, please haha
have a great week in Sarasota!
thats what im talkin about...call corb...im in the building..
"...if our history has taught us anything, it has taught us to beware of elites bearing racial theories." Justice Clarence Thomas
Carla Chambers, defendant in #surrogacy scheme, gets 12 month sentence: 5 months custody and 7 months home confinement.
So I'm in Fresno, CA 1.5-2 hrs from Yosemite Park, I could only go tomorrow. Wake up at 4am get there by 6.30-7am-spend 2 hrs in the park
Do you shop for your man? Scott thinks it's cool Moose says he would NEVER let a woman pick out his clothes 222-9800
Thomas I missed you!!!
It takes little effort to make a girl smile and just feel appreciated, so take time to just do something nice and watch the nagging stop!
Good morning by the way
Love this. RT If you spend your life making excuses and telling sob stories, you get bogged down in negativism - Junior Seau
come to rochester new york(:
Researches say that the pill, bras and washing machines are the top 3 inventions that have changed women's lives. Washing machines? Pssh.
Just put some miles on woodway and pumped out some weights place is great!
Determined to get a cat in the future
Well I'm the Mary!
Sup all A's
keep voting #FavMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA they deserved it for all there hard work n cuz there awesome ?
Glad I'm off tomaro...tryna just str8 chill at the house
Finally got Twitter and Facebook hooked up again. I can resume the posting.
Stranger opened the door for me at work, said: "Every day is Be Nice to Someone Day."
what do you want? Shirt? CD? Poster??
mine went fine. Glad its over. Heard good things about your presentation and mindjet. Looking forward to seeing it online!
Where is ?
Sorry I missed this tweet yesterday, but how was your burger? Have you tried our new jalapeno jam option?
Homie I'm 25, not 21 ..But ok, cool
MY HEAD IS BANGIN
You and me
is it anywhere as good as MIchael Jackson's "Girlfriend"?
#YouKnowYoureFromUtahWhen your friend says “The zumba class is in the gym,” and you say, “Oh, it's in the cultural hall?” LOL
yes for me and Colby!!! #highrollin'
& are hanging out with Jimmy the Groundhog in Sun Prairie this am! Tune in to - Jimmy's a cutie!
I now understand the no pepper sign in Major League.
Yes please, O Lord // RT : We always end up regretting what we say in prideful anger. "Set a guard over my mouth,O Lord" Ps.141:3
RT if you need followers Thanks Also This site on Staining Concrete Floor
But you already know BULLS all day everyday
HA i knew it, the power just went off and on
AL I FUCKING DO IS WIN!! sorry Jesus for the language! Forgive me!
it's to cold out.
finally! and aw but he still texts doesn't he? lol missed you here! ;(
Sitting bAck listening to me ,Karl and Linda song please by toni braxton we was gone off this song yes sir fall back and breathe !
Sick. at home. hate it!
Straight up tell me , are you really gunna love me forever . <U+2665>
Something just hit me. What am I supposed to do with my life when there will no longer be shows to attend w/ ?
MAE MAE <333
To be honest, can you really call anyone in the Black Eyed Peas "important"?
Currently re-airing the livestream from from 02/12/11. Check it out! Http://massiverocketradio.com
hahahah u too much Eddy
J-School is a great background for EDU communications. Only prob comes if they forget which side the bread is buttered ;)
I love this title: "Quiet: The Power of Introverts"
thank you sir!
hope it's late nov! I won't be there till at least the middle of the month at the earliest!
Aw Thank you so much!
#OneThingIDontLike twitter glitches
this weekend? ;D
My Religion is simple: My Religion is kindness. Dalai Lama
nigga you retarded
Too far , in my condition lol
that is correct B-)
Blowing air into the caprisun to get more juice lol
i just deactivated it you can try now and let me know if it works
Fav quote from #sla2010: "Some use information like a drunk uses a lamppost—for validation and support, not illumination.” James Carville
I can do this FUCK THE WORLD N EVERYONE IN IT :(
yeah can we? g2g
Pat Riley would do some shit like that too
You're welcome, and thanks!
Another sunday, hope all my followers are cool and you all have a great relaxing day
Like, why didn't they do that the first time?
im trying to do the online thing
It's hard to imagine #Apple without #SteveJobs at the helm. He's made an amazing contribution to technology.
What's your 1st stop today at Day 1 of ISE SLC? Share your experiences and photos on FB or tweet us using the hashtag #SportsExposSLC!
JG aged so much in the last 2 yrs. Had just turned 47 but looked 77. Tracie Bennett's good in #EndOfTheRainbow?
Lol mama enjoy
I've got a lot of feelers out. We'll see what happens.
We first met f2f at NECC in San Antonio. Guess where ISTE is next year!
no its not ppl is just lost n wrong life was supposed to be greater then this bt we can live rt lol.
Fun facts for your BBQ conversation: Button Gwinnett was the 2nd signer of the Declaration of Independence and he died in a duel.
Bout to go to 5th period
oh yes were crushing brew ha's brew ha's brew ha's
RT: is wanting me to recap her alcohol suppressed memories when I wasn't even there. I'm not a fucking miracle worker.
It's in-friggin-tense on #meetthepress this morning.
This poor old lady. She has so much make up on, she looks like a clown
it's TUESDAY! two new tracks from '...I Spent All My Money on Speed Metal'
Happy Beautiful Saturday!
Visited friends' new home in beautiful Woodacre, Marin (nr Fairfax), hiked massive protected open space across road: hills-sky-birds-breath.
Nootropics by Lower Dens - I Rock Cleveland | Indie Rock, College ...
With my Cousin!;<3![:
can you tag photos on twitter? (I feel dumb lol)
Rainy lazy Sunday I love it.
Happy Monday from the Garb Gang!!
RT " Paris is always a good idea " -- Audrey Hepburn
No one wake me up!!!! Need to sleep then working out like an animal tmm
My grandmother is a damn comedian...lmao up in here!
I can't find lyrics for Is That Clear. I'm now convinced he sings "I'm gettin' paid yeah & give me a PAP!"(as in pap test)
The Berghoff, which boasts the oldest liquor license in #Chicago, is now featured on the domu Chicago History Map!
You can't pick and choose which of God's rules you want to follow based on your political views. That's called hypocrisy.
El Dorado Furniture plans first store on Florida's Gulf Coast
I HAD TO GET MY BIG BRO BACK CTFU
has to get goin' to work, so everybody quit distractin' my ADD ass!!! LOL 0:-)
Or maybe I just can't reply. I don't know what's up.
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
Actually, I gave up on the Republicans, when I saw that they were stuck on the past and couldn't adapt
good! And Sweet, that sucker is SO machine washable (and dry-able) that you should just throw it on now - just no chlorine! :)
{Sings at top of lungs} Nevermind I'll find someone like yoooooouu....
yes. East Loop gang. Summer is the best.
Kms because tired.
Hey thanks for saving my dads life today
I figured as much, that's why I already have an excuse :P
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire and we can burn brighter than the sun <3
Pink is not just a color its an attitude!
Have to figure out what books to download for my California trip next week. Plane read suggestions? Something light and escape-ish :)
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are vastly more approaches of being dead, or instead not alive.
It would appear Marchand's playoff beastliness wasn't a fluke... kid can flat out play.
anyone know the best place to report a facebook bug? found a bug in their iOS app on iPhone
That was a good post. I often wonder about protecting my son from disappointment/hurt and how that will impact him later. Thx
question of the night "can you chainsaw inside?"
Tonight at The Gramercy is playing with and
an old Richard Dreyfus
. 's drummer looks like From "Chuck." So you see, it comes full circle.
- I was so angry w/ them when they let Harry Smith & Dave Price go, for last year's fiasco - but this year CBS is really good
What up GSTEEEEEEEEZERS
I'm sorry but I go to take a shower :/ So I think you're gonna sleep.. But we can speak tomorrow?????? :D
I will be at the Locker Room tonight from 9-1 with Madtown Sound for a Karaoke show. Come on down!!
Check your credit at least once a year -- every six months, if possible.Never use your personal identification number, or PIN, in public.
sometimes, i blame my daddy for the way we turned out.
i hope my friend doesn't forget to give me her CURLING WAND
don't say that. You have to try harder. Music industry is difficult. Your day will come. Hangin w/the wrong people.
What a beautiful day to be in #SanDiego! RT Enjoying the IBEW Broadcasting & Telecomm Conf @ beautiful Hyatt Regency Mission Bay!
yo im fuckin mad my phone is off and my mother cant pay it until tommarow im going to die without my phone
Screw the peanuts and cracker jacks...buy me a beer!
Ah yes, Unicorn, I wondered what that sharp thing was that kept poking me....
RT : One of the #OldWhiteDudes is whistling in his cubicle. I wish I had a rocket launcher. I wish I had one right now.
Its gonna rain on us :)
Hopefully I get to see the 4th quarter.
Talk about greedy, I'd settle for 80. So whats next 80000 FB friends. Well these days its possible as one can buy em.
thx, been looking forward to it for months, love that town
oh my goodness! Yes!
Jersey Friday! MURFC Faithful, look forward to seeing ruggers walking to and from #KingField in any and all sorts of sports jerseys(andjrtz)
Feeling panicky while scrambling to write two papers due very soon--The Long Goodbye is the perfect soundtrack to destress.
hey, I love you *blush blush*<U+2665>
booth looks great
Well. I will be at SMC tonight. You going?
So tired and sleepy! Heading home..
What you doing put here?RT Exit 44 Lithia Springs!!! Hey Goodmorning!!
Merde to my friends Florian and Valerie on their MFA concerts tonight! C u there
Hey thanks for the re-tweets! You Rock!
:( I'm looking bout sad as hell now. Lol
I can't believe that its barly TUESDAY I wish I got out of school more earlier ....but no I have to wait til May 24,2012 ...only 7 more days
Had a ball wit my husband and day fam last night!
Did you get those pants on sale ? Cause they're 100% off at my place ;D
YOUNG MONEY!! RT
I feel like I just got out of a European rave! And it was AWESOME!
Done and done.
Who's poised to win on your #MarchMadness bracket?
Soon. KJS and I were just talking about it. Will be in touch.
Highly, highly recommend Abaco, Bahamas for a lovely getaway. Can't get over how beautiful and unspoiled it is.
Getting ready to see Rude Mechs' The Method Gun tonight -- !
:-( Well, at least you're still moving forward. That's the strongest thing we can do when facing challenges.
Oh well, didn't see my tweets, but I will still help him trend! He is amazing!!!
Guess I'm just too old school and also stayed in Belgium too long, loved getting tangled up in all that hair.
: If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy.
Right. Write... working. It's working right? Right.
Any resources for writing "something of consequence" in radio ads?
YouTube is now the 2nd largest search engine in the US behind only goggle. But it only manages 25% of the videos watched.
Plane ticket to #ala12 booked.
-__-+- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
ok I can't be the only one with a dirty mind?! That word is sexual.
Q4 Always looked at opps to improve skill sets as a perk - Such as presentation skills, proposal development, etc.
A smithicks, a harp, now a guiness black- good start to the day!
so did I make the list.
hahahahaha oh there will be plenty of talk left for Tuesday. Or come to Jess's now too!!
It's good! Cold right now. How have you been?
yeah you right.
I'm mortified!!! Lmbo!!
Today is the perfect day to sit outside and read a great book! As a child, what was your favorite book?
Hiccups. Nice.
She-Ra on Netflix means me taking a long break from working on my songs ;-)
Aight meet u there at 915
OH: "Don't hate on us married men - we make the best boyfriends."
Austin's going to start traveling all over the world for concerts. And you said he couldn't make it, look at him now.
Got my blu-ray of Underwear Awakening today!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *What made me do this*
Snuggled up in book order, reading Library Journal and buying books. It's like getting to give presents to 325,000 people every day. FTW!
We've got Buy2,Get1FREE on hundreds of items from Matrix, Sebastian, Wella, TIGI, Nioxin, and others! But, it won't last long!
We are currently in the planning stages of this event, please keep us in your prayers. Thank You
Thanks 4 your support this week!
48 hours with out a phone this is probly hard for you
“: shoot me an email lets work”
which type?
kicking ass and taking names (:
Call your imagination into being.
great tweet Richie Righteous! Man, I wish I was more like you :)
Did you have Wisconsin losing today?
hahahaha I can so imagine that
Ok I was told you was the best lol “ O r u now??? Well got chu lol”
for 9 yrs no matter wat.
hope you made it back to NYC safely! Great hanging with you at
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy. Showers with a chance of thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of showers...
“: You don't bring me dead flowers anymore.”
My fingers are too fat for this keyboard -_-
get it in
I still say that was a mean thing to call
sweet dream 4real
i think i promised you that too! Dont worry! We wont!! We have too many new songs that we are in love with ;)
I wanna wash skyscraper windows in NYC - said by no one ever
lol nah he a little coward and doesn't know how to act.
so so so so inappropriate in so many ways
Last sports tweet before Mavs/Heat: Canucks owner has church rally in his arena. everyone prays for Sedin's head.
that's what I hear, work with what you have, fake it till you make it
Yo Fang! dinner needs to be more exciting or send a discretion if you are tweeting about it. :). Much love!
thanks Kevin! check out some other songs of ours at facebook.com/theshakeband. we're releasing a couple newbies in a few weeks too
#OneThingImSureOf...You're everything I want
nice seeing you from a far at leasat. Hopefully next time I won't be in such a hurry.
Back from Long Island. :D Did a lotta cleaning. time to do last minute hw cuz school starts wednesday :(
"Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises."
Just had my weekly mid-life crisis.
omfb , i love your tweets . please follow me back ? :)
Pleasantly surprised to see A Trip Down Market Street in the Stein exhibit at Restoration/preservation by
Andy. You better not be lying. Please do it later so the people at school can watch!
Yeah move on.. It's written all over your face!!
Oh, Eli Manning... Really? Go home, little boy.
Yes. :) Let me see if I still have your number... Is it the same?
Hey Joey thank you so much for the follow!xD -Ashley:)
DM back! :D
Another spammer just unfollowed.
Saw Something Corporate in '04 & it was epic. Off to have epic deja vu w/
Your gonna have 1,000 fans by the end of this day ... I betcha! ;]
Celebrating the centennial of #GirlScouts by eating some delicious Girl Scout cookies.
Waking up at 5am should be illegal.
What is the timeframe you are looking to have final files in hand for brochure, web production, etc?
why are you following people?
Super Bowl Prediction: NY Giants 34 - New England Patriots 21
The 311 show rocked faces last night - now it's our turn _ TONIGHT! @ the VOUS! Dsoedean! see you there.
You mad? STAY MAD? ;)
well shit girl you know that I can't go single! An I don't think it would be too much for #Cous lol I'd chill like Pauly D!
new website idea: the x factor where contestants sing in the nude......and then they hump
Apparently u can get a life changing snow cone for a $1 from some random UC students. Ha so stupid........... I think I need one
Forever Alone
thanks bro
cool. If y'all can rock with it cool but if not I got more
such a wonderful idea! Thanks so much for including me:-) xo
Glad you will be joining my #CMLbookchat tonight at 7PM EST. Get ready to get your scare on. It's all about chills and thrills.
thanks so much for listening!
I can't imagine losing my mom so my prayers go out to Bobby Christina cause I can only imagine what it's like when ur mom is Whitney Houston
Call me, come on I am waiting.
Today is the day would never notice me like all the other days :(
Great job Knicks! They avoid the sweep!
is my best friend because he gave me 32 cents.
slutty and crazy. worst combo ever.
So wasup y'all? Any one going to watch Project X tonight?
Happy 10th birthday, !
happy b-day isabelle! you rock and please follow me back. =)
like that K.R.I.T. mixtape u put out...track 2 JAMMIN!!!
Going on in 5.
Fireworks were kindaa amazing, all in amazing company <3
Thanks Jodi! Trying to do things a bit differently...
hope to see you soon chris, love you<3
One thing that has taught me this week - When it comes to our Bears, the orange C always comes first.
And I am telling you that I'm not going, you're the best friend I'll ever know, and there's no way I could ever go.
One hell of a race guys
Thank God for a new day!!
"THIS IS NOT A DRESS REHEARSAL! This is IT!" ~TCunningham So let's join hands, seize the day with a smile and genuine heart to do good.
Smart phones are hand held computers that can also make phone calls.
HA! you are full of good ideas!
i hope PMP aggregates a nice open dataset that can be exposed through existing tools (atom? linked data? ) so all can play
Everyone who follows after this tweet will get a follow back! Follow each other to gain more!
new chapter:) hahaha
Recipe development starts now.
hey girl!! How's the scene your way?
europedotcoop, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Friday is gonna be dope.
Things getting back to normal somewhat after Alex braking his leg on Thurs. learning to crawl in cast.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~ Henry Ford
You guys are awesome! :)
hi bella!
Even though you aren't in Baltimore anymore, will you miss the Ravens/Steelers games?
OMG I thought for sure you we weren't going to find that funny n curse me out. Lol. Can I get a follow n a s/o?
I think they put out these reports to discourage visitors but anyone who can walk down can see beach is open and in use.
Links about the #occupy movement. Is your article there?
We here at #MtIda think the Madagascar penguins were inspired by the #marypoppins penguins.
i agree w/this
After a long night of rock and roll i like to shorten my lifespan by consuming george webb. Am i alone in this pursuit?
no worries! I've been lagging too! You know what, I'm really liking it! Watch it next time!
What torn ligament? Kobe has scores 40 once again
im sure u do love him lol Faye is my second favorite. She's beautiful and funny too lol :D
Personal confession: I both envy and pity a person who can believe in a God outside of themselves. Guess that's my cross to bear!
Thank you! Thank you!
Looks like there could have been some hacking on the food dude twitter, if I find the culprits you can guarantee they will get many lashes!
pizza hut b hitting
Life is SO much better when you stop caring what people think about you . ^,^
Indoor farm is alive and well. Cant wait for the first mature heads of baseball size butter head lettuce. Watch our facebook. Two weeks+
I wish I was Annabeth! Her eyes are like so pretty.
I'm about to get some gummy bears,
No tellin with Skip. That's something I want to ask him one day.
: oh wait. after reading your heartfelt comment, my comment about turtle soup seems insensitive.
How was ur trip!? :)
English teacher talks of how flannels arnt sexy ha
Defense out of position on 3rd down. WR drop the ball, TO in redone this is the bullshit.
I can't flip my hair anymore :(
I get it how i live it. Fast life
If loving #5Guys is wrong, I don't wanna be right. Thx Nick's Dad's gf!
They also went to visit the University of Chicago this afternoon #239DaysLive [2/2]
Haven't watched either play much, but savvier Laker fans than I are stoked about the potential of Beasley & Sessions, so thumbs up, Mitch.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~ William James
At the south campus diner this guy playing the sax goes ham
Rain is finally moving in.. will let you know if it's going to be a rough morning commute.. Microclimate Forecast on
For a sublime Saturday, join on 2/11 for their #Valentine's and "R" Rose Release Party. We're Ready! (503) 864-4600
this wasn't on Twitter, it was at home. I was close to being condemed no social life at all.
Anyone else wonder why your phone seems to ring longer than usual when you are ignoring it??
Memories are the most beautiful pictures our minds can paint, and nothing can ever erase them.
MT Kevin Costner's speech was not only..for Whitney but a testimony of a man who had the courage to stand against biased Hollywood
My observations of Ryan Braun have nothing to do with his current struggles at the plate. Just making a physical observation.
can we get updated draft lists online anytime soon? Thx
Yep Gallery injured leg then held next play negating a first down then whiffs the DE play after that
dont know either that well to have true fave, but after watching Barcelona game other day, impressed with Chelsea goalie.
Of course!
And somewhere in Rhode Island a man known as Tim O'Shea is cursing all of those who call themselves Bobcats
you heard my traks??
Best to Golden Globes winner Iranian film 'A Separation' at
...were there and seemed not quite in the category (e.g. Cat's Cradle? Big fav of mine tho'...)
I don't know why people are hostile by default.
you should follow
Your wristbands have free shipping now. It will come up as free shipping in checkout but not shopping cart yet.
T'Wolves @ NJ...Live! Everyone on the Nets is named Williams
I am kind of afraid to reply to messages now or to click on links. Not sure what to do or not do. All I can think to do is to talk about it.
For example, the SC2 player in question often live streams his games to audiences averaging ~2500 people each day. Very public.
A random lady just asked me for fashion advice at the mall.....
Late start, mass, 25 min classes, and I'm leaving at 2, and the best part I don't have to take the rem quiz! #lml:D
That's so cute that you watch another make up girl's videos! I just watched the Collin make over, LOL! :)
I men has a fetish for shoes :o normal? I dont think so but we love him do mug
By boldly committing to choices in the room, the post-aud walk allows different intriguing ideas to arise but not shoulda-had-a-V8s. Bliss!
What Do I Get When I Try To Clean Up.? A Lost Earring -_- Ain Gon Never Find Again Hopefully Thats The Last Thing I Lose
HEY!!!!! i just mentioned them. not by name, but.. hey can you get him a clip? any chance??
Why was it so hard to just ask for your bag back? I don't think it would have gotten physical if you stood up for yourself. U?
Woodland Hills Taft, emerging as the City Section Division I title favorite
DM me your address and I will send one out tomorrow :)
wanna hear it
Vocals are done! :D
my obnoxious neighbor is moving <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: David Lazarus Jr °Rising 10th °Washington, MI °Travel Team: Michigan Hurricanes °Point Guard 5’10
LOUD listening to Travis porter
Playing Music in the Grove tonight in New Windsor from 7-9.Come check us out!
Great to see at #RIT event last night!
Likewise Jennifer! Thanks to you for been here! Blessings :)
well there you go.
Spent 20 hours on a plane so far. One left, after 4 more in the Vancouver airport.
What I like about Bogart is that he's so ugly. I've never liked pretty men. ~Fran Walker, The Only Game in Town
Fudge it. I'm gonna be in Hodges until the end of this freaking semester.
interested in teaching English at home or abroad ?sign up for our Teaching English as a Foreign Language Certificate Course.
#ideaseconomy: Corporate world in 2050 - water, software, internet banking, sov wealth, Chinese autos, pharma mergers, education
Yeah!!! RT : Just won $100 being caller 12 for 's Workplace Payoff! Thanks guys!
Thinking about attending #RootsTech but not thrilled about flying from warm Florida to cold/snowy SLC in February :-)
haha looks awesome!
Successful weight loss can only come when someone is as determined mentally as they are physically. It takes a complete investment!
Okay, I'm done tweeting sweet yumminess! My apologies! G'night everyone! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
the book Unwind>>>
Fantastic meeting you last night at TAN! I'm inspired!
Woohoo HEAT!!! Nice shot BOSH!!!
Weakness dwells in the mind. not in the body.
I get to see my bae today! I'm excited! He work all dha dam time!
go for it!!!!! At TRAVAIL we salute you x
Even when you think I'm not paying attention, or didn't hear or see you, I did
I CANT STAND WATCHING SCARY MOVIES CUZ THE TV WANT LISTEN TO ME!!!!
Thanks Beth! Boiler up. RT : Sign up for and save $$ on golf!! :)
Just ran my first 5K. Discover the "K" stands for how many times you say "Kill me please" per mile.
we couldn't see. No replay here either. Smfh. Cunts
Talk about life-changing moment.
Glad to see you on line, Gene. Trust the week went well. Very interested in your feedback on #ECET2 survey.
i'm not a fan of wine, and i don't have a moustache :P x
1 month already she cries!!
Can't Wait For The Video, You're Friggin' Hilarious!!!!! :D
SO EXCITED!!! Pre-Sale should be up for my album "REACH THE SKY" by tomorrow!!! Thank you for all your support!!!
Been banging on the #Windows8 consumer preview over the weekend. My opinion: it's a step back from the #Windows8 Dev Preview.
UI Designers, we are looking for our first designer. A lot of responsibility for the right person. Profitable SaaS startup
I love these! Also doing this in unused phone booths in NYC!
You should go see The Cabin in The Woods though. Its really good.
Its obvious who is gone die first, hate horror films like this, next...
There may be a tour in feb. Denton is one of the stops.
Love your tips/tricks and insight. Would love to pick your brain for 10 minutes!
Ever get out of work so late and you can't wait to go home but when you get there you can't sleep.... Crap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
hahaha sounds like a cool thing to do <U+E409>
She gave him jungle worms<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Can Someone Give Me Their # So I Can Send them a Pic I Want For My Icon?? (:
Is it really fire season again?
We can counteract the poison of meanness by remembering who we are in God’s eyes. I am excellent in the sight of God and so are you
Ack, all these public flock thank yous are bogging down my feed. DM the new followers merhaps?
I Hate puttin ppl in my buisness but I dont like hiding things from my ppl they textin me like crazy
I would like to meet media scholar John Merrill.
get down there and put it on Mario Chalmers and MIA like our man did yesterday!
I dare somebody to call the Spurs' bench "scrubs".
how? I said I'm going to the gym. I actually go unlike you
that sucks guys.
i am speaking to you
Thanks. Those poor nurses though! lol
I can't wait for that 1v1 match-up!
#mm love the song by this group called subway let me be yo dire
Github rolled out their UI updates again. Now they look like Bitbucket
#simple chicken recipes #simple sticky lemon tarragon drumsticks #simple recipes #dinner ideas #family dinner
Would LOVE to see Pauline Maki do a talk. She is killing the audience at with her talk "Her Brain on Estrogen"
It's not enough.
Reminder: Register for today's 1pm User Group featuring & Gwynedd-Mercy College's Help Desk services showcase!
LMAO! ... and what's worse!- I responded to it, explaining myself.
I'm full of useless info that occasionally becomes useful!
only make moves when your heart is in it
Many thanks, Carole and thank you for your early support of BENT ROAD.
My taste buds are totally in New Orleans
tells 2012 graduates that he was a WONK before Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg made it cool to be one
it's on NBC lol
how is the shifting going for you?
that is the creepiest fountain in all of Seattle.
RT : makes a surprise video appearnce w/ at #ilshrm10. (Lol all from my vacation in Orlando!)
not a surprise, but very disappointed all the same
RT Big up all the djs let's get it ! Its 5 oclk let's
Haha u look amazing.that guy look hot to.but u r amazing.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Don't be easy, be WORTH IT... If they want you, they would accept the challenge."
Good TGIF Morning, You have a good Open House this weekends!
My life never goes as expected...it goes way better! So happy today!
he will b4 the CAVS that's 4sho
#brewpitch what is the difference of bitraider and the Steam/Valve gaming platform ?
. invested in for-profit NeighborGoods because they saw its potential to connect ppl and potential application to its work
I've never wanted someone as bad as I do right now.
Still achy from carrying too much at once on Sunday followed by 3 hours on the risers last night.
Landau performs on city auditorium stage - Bluefield Daily Telegraph
The Bellmen want to play at Hole in the Wall.
Happy Hallows Everyone
Alright, I'm looking for a light-weight, 3/4 sleeve, big girl blazer....where are my fellow
I'd settle for just a Taco Bell if y'all had more working power outlets...25% battery on a 6-hour flight? You do the math
agreed #RIPMCA You made us all Party while you were here!
Lakers blown out! I smell a rivalry in the air!
is ready to get out of town, but I just don't think it'll happen this weekend. Sigh. Staycation, anyone?
you were great thanks for bein there!!
it means everyone is entitled to their own view lol
Sorry to hear about the problem w/your site. Please follow & so we can DM additional info ^CH
I can never remember how to spell fellatio.
Amazing! Four full days of unbelievable food, wine, cocktails, and music. You should go next year!
Hi , it's been too long! Hope you and Nathen are well.
He needs to be brought back to the show. He invited Boomer&Carton to the RB/Galaxy game.
What is your favorite UWM Grind location? Any reason in particular?
I SAW U I SAW U I SAW ISAW U!!!! lol
Thanks to the Internet, every week is Shark Week.
basura you love me! With or without my fanciness
I like that
I wonder if Outside Lands is going to have any surprise holograms like Cliff Burton of Metallica to emulate the success of Tupac.
Ready to kick 2010 to the curb. And set my sites on 2011, which is already shaping up to be an incredible year.
: listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 2
I'm on a roll and finished module 11 of 17 (Advanced Database Marketing) in the DMA Certification Program. My head hurts!
I think my oldest cat is going blind. Both her pupils are dilated and they don't respond to light. She is afraid to even move. Its quite sad
Just putting it out there. If you need to take a picture of yourself, consider taking it in our Poetry Booth out front. The red really pops.
Just delivered a gift family portrait session! Someone is getting Balance in their stocking for Christmas!
#NeverShouldYouEver lead someone on..
You're beautifuller ( :
I cannot focus today.
4-0 Verona and we're not even halfway through the 2nd period.
Technological advances at Norwell Middle School
Slowly went away after I got a free glass of merlot, a bottle of champagne and an avocado!
obviously, but i wouldnt know cause im not a ginger..
oh my gosh i havent been on twitter in forever! lol love all my followers yall never fail to provide me with funny tweets :) <3
RT : The best thing about being a teacher is it matters. The hardest thing is that it matters every day.
It's so nice to be downtown for a change. :)
this Thursday, I'll be performing at and eating the best food in town thanks to !! I can't wait! pool, gaming, go!
if I could go anywhere in the world I would go to Canada!!!:)
Just effing lower the drinking age already, so kids stop worrying about getting caught drinking by parents of the police and call for help.
I had to unfollow Paula Deen because she was unwilling to spell things correctly.
already following you Keith!!
"he's not a licker, he's a sniffer"
I'm down whenever holla at me bro!
I'm Listening &&' Jus Heard Him Mention Austin!! <3' E.
Sitting on my friend's couch with a guy who used to hate me . I guess he doesn't hate me anymore ?
Thanks for the conversation today! I'm so glad to connect with you and look forward to telling your story on
I'm so tired of this <U+2614><U+26A1><U+2601> weather, it need to hurry up m get hot n <U+2600>.
U already know!! Bong!
Nice words my friends. Blu-ray is good! RT : Ride The Divide is rad...double rad on BluRay :)
Hope you are doing well, so happy to see all the great work you are doing. Say hi to the family from the Leas'
Have a safe trip.
We will be tweeting every 5th application.
I ain't one to brag, but I'm pretty sure I'm smarter than everyone reading this tweet
morrning! ah. spring break~!
Proofreading another student's paper draft = fun way to learn and help out at the same time...a good way to end the week
If you think you need to take the edge off, you may be missing the point.
Recovery starting to show in RealEstate mkts hit first by recession such as Arizona etc. Good sign now job mkt needs improvement
I watch The Karate kid is to listen to Never Say Never by my sexy man he a sexy ass 17 yr old too Sexyness much BIEBZ
Ok, I'll get it to u this week..most likely tomorrow. When is the tour coming to the ATL?
She said it makes me so sad I gotta leave you alone
I went to the game
Watching 'Hobo with a shotgun' this movie is so bad it's good
What are you all up to this Friday night?
Now I need boxer-like (buff) actors for THIS Thursday!! Anyone free??
Jealous RT: Can't wait to hear speak at the #UMNGraduation today!
Thanks Rod. Best of luck on your coaching search. Get a good one. The MWC needs you guys back on the rise.
Media wont blast Dwight for shooting a gun in a commercial like they did Kobe b/c Dwight isn't a famous rapist with 5 rings..hes just corny
Minor headache and cant get to sleep
tell us what you think of our designs
"If true love makes me a faggot, then I'm a faggot." -Nick. I love him<3
GAGAGAGAGA! for braunie. that's what we the business call "the dagger".
Enjoy!! I'm with you girlfriend... I feature yummy things and great recipes :)
US urges Tehran to free Bahai leaders
#EmailMarketing Tip 19: at signup, define what's in it for the recipient. Content, frequency, savings -- & then DELIVER!...
Thanks. We will be sure to give you credit. :)
I survived an entire weekend in the woods. Without internet. Or cell reception.
did I win the FB work up yet? Hahaha!
Happy Birthday, Gator “: Waking up at 4:10 on 4/10... Of course. Happy birthday to me”
I'd tell you I miss you, but it wouldn't change anything.
Baby, rain or shine, all the time.
I wonder if is still going to do jasminator of the week its been long she hasnt choosen one :o
Is anyone doing live coverage of the #MetGala?
Yes, and judges cannot make decisions based on an unequal history of discrimination against Autistic disabled people.
I'll keep an open ear tomorrow at the run! 6:15, Sulivan Cnyn in Beentwood if ya wanna join!
Here's to making new friends and making better friends with old ones.
u thought wins are what mattered (tebow) in regards to brews outplaying rigers
“: Adele: Don't look at me like that, like I'm damaged goods. I'm still me. I'm still here.” AH
It will be hard for you to be as hate-filled as Rosen, unless you share her anti-woman views.
I need sum wake and bake like a.s.a.p
On LANL air quality data; when will it be public? Day to day metrics to be made available?
RT : Rep. Heck withdraws his second degree amendment.
That was you? Sorry, next time I'll switch off. ;-)
Best show on TV :-)
I wish there was an app that would tell you when you're singing out loud w/ your headphones on. Like a shock collar of sorts.
I'm expanding my HTML vocabulary
hahaha, thank you(;
Fair enough :-)
right now, it sounds as if the data re:on/offline connection is "ambiguous" - cant leave it at that!
Excited to receive my package from today!
Locker Room Gift from Ersan Ilyasova
Really sorry mate...things are mad here! Are u already testing our iPhone app? If not send me your UDID & I'll set you up!
We had some anniversaries last week that were missed: Lisa W with two years and Rick D with one year. Congrats to you both!
WIN HAWKS BOX TIX - REDEEM $1 BARTAB DRINK TO ENTER
People Need To Get A Life And #Stop Hating On !!! She's Really Nice!(: I Love You<3 :D #ForeverAWrighter (:
remember when you pounded two bottles of Kombucha because I told you it cures hangovers? Good times.
Hahahaha, no problem, I'll hold your hair ;)
Um, Mars? Guam? The North Pole? RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be???
OMG I KNOW!!! RT customer service blows. I hate you for ruining Palm.
yeeeeaaaa! & candy. M :D while watching children swing lololol.
Sorry, Everybody! I'm not a whiner - I just got hacked.
wondering how you did your content aggregating . I'd love to pick your brain.
Thanks to Ben Ramirez I for helping nuestra causa! See you on Saturday!
keep it
no im not lol
#dallas #dallas #dallas oh how i loathe you. . . However, a king sized suite does make it more tolerable! :-)
Singing BABY COME BACK, YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME when you realize that has FINALLY left TEXAS! -____- :'/
If you hover over his picture there is a gear icon. click that and a dropdown appears with a follow option. I had to look =)
I RULE. /O'Doyle'd
Morning session is over! Now for a quick field trip to Tolomato before lunch. A treat unique to this workshop!
I think I can relate to this trend...
lol your welcome, enjoy!
a boyfriend... O.o
i can already tell that my summer is going to be dominated by and Not a bad way to spend the warmer months.
thanks for the follow! keep up the good work! :)
thanks for following us Brittany
I feel bad for mississippi .... What happend to mrissippi ? Hahahah .
I am at catholic HS now. Judge says 12 people so far. Let's hope people get here soon!
As a #Muslim #Entrepreneur, what ways are you marketing to the #Muslim demographic?
I wish #Tebow good luck. I also feel for the #Jets fans who haven't yet realized is going to portray them as crazy idiots.
ok thanks. Any other ideas?
RT going to start my strict exercise and diet regime today!
im watching the same movie....
#pinterest ladies night out w fashion show, food, jewelry and design, and craft demos. Live pinning by plus music
I believe it.
My wife is en route to KC for Radiohead/Other Lives show with another man I approve. Have fun kids!
Music touches us on every level, congrates to Ludavig Bource for Best Original Score!!!
was happening??? My gr8 g-parents r from ireland o i cant wait to go there and see it all!!!!
Thanks for following! I'm sure I'll provide you with plenty of run-on sentences! ;)
Just bought my first #Kindle book on with one click!
you should spend a little $ and get your own website. (not blogspot). But I'll watch this tomorrow. I'm exhausted. X
It's not really him. “: Usually don't see $1k/retweet RT donating $1000 to Exxon Mobil Foundation for each RT”
Girls rugby: Canby trails Beaverton 10-0 at half in rematch of last yr's state title game. Plus a Canby player was mooned in a scrum. Oops.
People make mistakes and a lot of the time you won't ever hear an apology. Forgive them anyways. Don't hold onto unnecessary weights.
Best Studio Recording Engineer in NC. Don't sound like a newbie, Get quality music every time. RT for free studio time - New Clients only.
You make errors, that's what happens ! Bo!
You guys, I remembered two things. In a row! Yay, me.
“ You don't really know a person until you know them both rich and broke.”
i am feeling pressured to entertain my 8 followers.
Watching Fitzcarraldo and pack-a-lacking
I dont want a relation where people say they look so cute together. I need a relation where people say, Look how happy they are together.
What a beautiful morning!:)
"Spinning truths and out of control into self-destruction."
Guy in front of me is playing an imaginary set of drums..he's really getting into it...lol
Confirmed! See you tonight!
thank you and likewise
I <3 you Nanette! :) RT : Stopped by #blogathonatx for a second just to say hi and see ma peeps!
Visit us in Old Town today for a delicious lunch. Complimentary Tater Tots on the house!
Def about to hang out with Jenks from world of jenks. Talk about a list. Meep.
#SustUnbound Lane posits Marxism as converse of negligibility (Sarte's "problem of dirty hands")
there are parties interested in using it in a Oxford-produced documentary series on archaeological methodology!
I have official angered myself over my own misuse of grammar and proper spelling, Argh!
yeah, I heard you guys had a good service. Wish we could've been there
Just when you think your life's a mess...just google Axl Rose, man that dude is bitter. Guess he never found Paradise City.
Ima landlord,he a tenant.
Give us a follow so we can DM you details about your winnings. Thanks!
Got owned by my AME midterm...grrr.
I want to drink wine "I want to bathe in." :)
haha yeah, it was a good day :)
Oh terry you silly boy
GIVE YOUR MOTHER A KISS AND TELL HER THAT YOU LOVE HER
Aberdeen's hiring
“: Hot dogs gross me out.”RT say what?
I feel like I had to tag my last tweet as not sarcastic so I don't get berated by a random barista like at Spyhouse.
My wife and I were able to chat w/ for a bit this morning & I can honestly say he's one of the nicest people I've ever met!
Philadelphia rated #1 in culture, but only behind Detroit and Cleveland in true unemployment.
“: Ask them if they know Craigers from Phi Chi.” -- or Theta Cotti
My pleasure.Your photos remind me of days spent hiking and exploring Mt.Desert Island. Sweet memories.
I choose to be #neutral. I am Switzerland.
When I wake up from a good dream & can’t go back to sleep, I continue it in my head.
Celebrate Labor Day with new Sound Design Themes! Up now on #productionvault!
Thank you!! RT : #FF More great partners:
No matter how hard I try my heart can't tell you no
tell us how you really feel
The Market starts in ONE WEEK!!! Get booked and ready! To get discounts and tickets/ exhibitor info visit, theHomeandGardenMarket.com
Good luck in your new digs! You might see our #ROC startup out that way later this year so keep your eyes peeled!
All the best to as he heads to Golden State. Bloke was one of nicest guys to deal with. Hope he gets and stays healthy.
yeah and i look really freakin cute! lmao
Awesome to see a see a CEO presenting the value genotyping and sequencing to improve treatment of patient in St. Jude's
wondering if I can assign Arthur Mervyn in an lower-division gen. ed. course. Pessimistic.
BOGO half off on edibles ALL day at Farm Associated!!!
I feel ya homie!! Is it a hell of a day to do all 3!
Paul Harvey..."Good Day"...and Goodbye.
how is the miz the guy who's gassed? Still
Love you Mama(: <3
thanks for sharing and visiting our website! :)
well, yeah. But maybe he's Eric Clapton instead, and can go from Derek & the Dominoes to Cream? Or something, this hurts.
Acoustic show is weeks away!!! Come out and support the awkward Play his shitty love songs
Beez in the trap goes so ham
Sendin' you condolences and strength sir.
oh it was just a noise complaint at a friends. Gotta love Beyonce blaring at 3am.
Car sex or outdoors sex?
New buildings should just build in iPod chargers into the outlets. They would always be used.
Private relationship lasts LONGER
Lady Antebellum is a dude?
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
in in GA lol won't be in Portland till September!
I can't because my Gevey didn't come in yet. Because I got the iPhone 4S.
Thanks for the follow Kelsey :D xoxo
You gotta act like a woman, & think like a man
germ factory..bout to go. hmm can i tweet drive...naw not gone try it...#imasafedriver :)
I hate when I have to download the new version of iTunes on my computer.
we want to create another blog for a district initiative. Which themes give you the most flexibility?
Fig and olive...how bout suck and olive - kardashians get a better table than we do
everytime i see girls from jersey like & i loose self confidence! why do girls from jersey have 2 b so damn pretty
Thanks Ruth. You Always make me chuckle and think! Have a great Saturday!
Heyy alyson , have a great weekend :)
Next Dan Marino. He got a future, unlike Miss Cleo.
I'm tempted to post a picture of my scary looking blisters but I think I'd lose all my followers. And then get some strange new ones.
Great practice this morning with all the guys. Got two more practices with seperate groups at 7 and 9. Time to get after it.
RT : Culture is bigger than politics. Politics are a part of culture. -Jim Leach
Skies will clear tonight and temperatures will be chilly. But for those with a long weekend, Presidents' Day looks nice!
Curent American flag in City Council chambers is tattered. Appreciate Congressman Hansen Clarke and his office for providing new flag.
i hope... In his remaining contract idk maybe if the yanks resign him after this contract
Goodbye, Zelda. You had the mojo, baby. RIP.
imagine justin tweeted me. i think i would've been dead already.
Quinn's not really lying! It's not like she's gonna dance a jig!
The Scarlet Letter is a horrible book.
thanks for the follow (:
:o they just came out with girl's axe.
Make that 2 #turnovers (:
was today your first day at lely?
Search, social, and good ol' #wordofmouth! We have a great #franchise web/mktg platform! DM me for more!
We'll have to all go dancing something ha or just make up some moves n mess around at home ha
Haha I hear ya. Just stay on them. A little tip call backs affects bonuses, so let them know you will call back asap if not fixed
tons of rain
Why I thought I should go grocery shopping at midnight.. Smh smh!! But yaayy for groceries lol
Day of rest and relaxation, take a hour to check your credit score and review your finances.
Good Luck Floyd Mayweather
Good Morning cat didn't let me sleep in on my day off
follow back? I was listing you and accidentally blocked you lol :P
Also if anywhere possible, you vs. or you vs.
Mom learning how to use Draw Something for the first time...
will be at g-man at 5. my friend bustamante also coming.
lol I know what you mean I'm on 18% (:
I'll cross my fingers too!
don't you mean summer bc we've skipped spring with these temps! Lol
TimeManagementNinja (TMNinja) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
super shuttle probably, tho I've heard rumors of a disney/lax shuttle...
Aint you always Smh Hurry yo ass up and get home LBS
I think many more museums will have CIOs and technology directors.
let's hope I find parking:-/
Calling all DC reviewers! Want your content featured on more than just Yelp? and let us know... Ur work could be on our site!
It's stupid how excited I am about a subscription to the OED.
man, this classical singer article sure does make me sound like I know what I'm talking about.
I Wanna Get An iPhone 4s Just So I Can Tell Siri "FUCK YOU! YOU BITCH!" And See What Happens :)
Out of town last weekend. Happily at home this weekend. Am in happy place making BalanceLady Designs before tax season begins. Time to self!
Wow 'Skins fans - unless RGB3 pulls a Cam Newton, get ready, because your team is going to suck for a while.
Thank you! Yay, Rhode Island and Vermont librarians! Curious if O.J. will be nominated in a state I've never lived in...
Thank you for having us on the show yesterday! We had so much fun! :)
Nothing will work unless you do
play fütböl like its' hockey ...
Austin or bust!
Is #BillMaher self-immolating? Insult against Southern voters even turned off Roseanne Barr!
that works :-) . What time ?
it's not getting any cleaner from my feet.
RT : I wish Bristol could find me a real family instead of these 2 awful dads I'm with. Maybe parents like her & Levi if I'm lucky!
Hey, it looks like we're having an issue in Ames too. 89.5% packet loss communicating with router 173.30.16.1 57 packets.
Just woken up feel like death:(
Awesome collection!!
Wow, #Avengers was pretty cool. Joss Whedon totally rocks! So proud of him. Loved his work for over a decade. Feels like he is my friend.
Ah you just made my heart jump!!!!!! I love when someone you crushed on last year back in September just admitted they like you
really fuckin irritated but fuck it!...
Hi! Delayed reaction. How's paleo going beyond the first week?
Being John Malcovich is messed up.
I can do this I can do this I can do this
I wonder how many of my followers actually read my tweets... Hm.
Favorite part of the #mnleg : Legislators think millions of Minnesotans are watching floor sessions in the middle of the day.
Do You Think Your Better Off Alone..?
It is interesting to read that no one is talking about the hold on the #facebookipo after a interesting first two hours.
low blow kyle.
I have been reading the second hunger games book like all day haha I can't stop
Chardon shooting suspect, TJ Lane, found competent to stand trial. I'm live with the story on at 5 & 6.
RT : St pattys day and me goin in at THIS SATURDAY! FREE SHOW! LET'S DRINK GREEN BEER!
Excited for #PLENRWL call now with Marie Wilson, Founder of a truly inspirational woman who has opened doors for us all
Bravo bravo bravo bravo
Sure did! I've been trying to post a video from it all day.
Ask me questions guys go ahead ask me questions I am so bored!!!!!! So tweet me ask me questions ect. Go!!!
Who wants to txt me? Im bored
On the way to The Cleve to celebrate Shep's birthday at GLBC then on to The Jake for the Sox and Tribe game.
Furcal has played very well as of late and it hurts more that yuni is currently "struggling" to nicely put it.
happy birthday to my idol <3
Want to know & Show Some Love?Special thanks 2our Board of Doers, #Fusion2012 Volunteers who are making this event possible!
I'm hiding in the bathroom.
Confessions of a carbaholic: if carbs are so bad for you why did God make 'em taste so darn good! :(
We're born in debt, especially those of us with Catholic or Jewish mothers.
CUASLIS: ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS. FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add #cuaslis for an easy retweet.
Shut up everyone leave me alone I'm watching "My Future Ex Boyfriend" on Neflix Instant. Y'all no what I'm talking about. You don't? Ok fair
7353 State Employees in Dane Co. pledged $2,463,523 to 500 charities in the 2011 Partners in Giving campaign! Great Job!
I need something real......done with games.
Or Lee Elia's advice 22 years later: "They oughta get a f-n job and see what it's like to earn a f-n living."
regains the lead thanks to a Sawyer goal. 6-5 with four to play in the first half.
Daily GTKY question: Do you celebrate Valentine’s Day? What are you doing today?
Don't sweat it Derek! #BBN!
Thank you... the photographer really knows how to capture a great pic =]
Unless that song is a spiritual. Then you'll still feel like you're working on a plantation. RT : Sing a song and your day will fly!
Thanks for the shout-out! fans should stop by Dunkin Donuts and grab a cup o' joe on their way to the show!
Watching during the day is pretty fun.
no way! Its probly crazy busy up in there.
Oh St Louis, you entertain me, , and
Thank you!
Absolutely. And I hear you about stuff coming up you didn't know you needed to know. We switched last year.
maybe I could smooth call it pre-Vegas. I think there's a 10/20 down there at palomar maybe I could come down around that game
I'm gonna have try that. I love tea.
Make no mistake about why these babies are here - they are here to replace us. ~ Jerry Seinfeld.
You can add the pictures later :) One has a #Pirate in the background ;) hehe It was fun doing this :)
Working on a blog post about IPOs since NewEgg is going public. Any companies that you wish you'd invested in during the IPO?
omg I know!! Maybe sometime this summer when things slow down for you we will go to the park!
thanks for the tickets for ridays game.
ah cool! where are youu?
lol Nay Nay calm down!!!!!!
I absolutely love me & phone calls every night <3
For God is sheer beauty, all-generous in love, loyal always and ever...
tell your mom happy Mothers day for me! :) she's an incredible woman and she gave birth to you and you're amazing
Get your lunch with a guarantee. Order one of our $8.95 lunch specials and we'll have it ready in 10 minutes or less!
This ncc bop list has more highlands than ncc on it...
did you get a new number?
West Coast Thursday is here at Dance Bethesda tonight! See you at 8pm.
Come on #nuggets I want tacos!!
Its early goin back to sleep
Class, rehearsal, then a shoot tomorrow. What a good day!
very good
- uniondale - THANK YOU! we had out best day yet!
Here we go !
The satisfaction of wearing no socks. In Jan. In WI. #heatwave RT : The satisfaction of wearing new socks.
107 people showed up for office opening in Jefferson last night!
Women have to be clear about how important birth control is in there lives-and men too-so right
I agree! One of my favorite things to look at each month!
Taxes would be too easy if I had the energy to finish them. Just a conglomerate of stuff. That's a fun word to say too.
It's Friday and what a better way to enjoy this day by coming and enjoying free Carne Adovada Sandwhich. Just say CA10 when ordering.
First time ever Oklahoma has been considered the Southeast.
You shall go to bed, andI will remain with you a few days, until you get over this
just walked past you in PDX but didn't want to bother you!
AHAHHAHAHA thanks for noticing! They're my FAVE band ahhah
Adele is awesome, and sans auto tune, as far as I can tell.
Where da freaks at
Ethics charges are filed against Supreme Court Justice David Prosser by the Judicial Commission for the incident last June.
Why are people such dumbasses? Learn to use a fucking dictionary instead of bashing me for being slightly more literate than you.
We're in the second half here, fans. Bombers still up 84-54 over B team. Yinz!
Thanks for the RT. I've got a Cassie Lane in my WIP. Great name, nice and short.
Fml I need like a private place to vent I hate being in a funk like this especially on today of all days
I wish I could be strong without the scheiße.
why can't I ever retweet you ?!
Girls need to start wearing age tags! Cause Nowadays girls ages are like asian people, hard to tell apart! -____-
it's been pretty great! I'm glad to be around my friends again!
Hum London gold foams
got ya.. hit me up
thnx for the follow. I'll have to look @ yr book; I was laid-off from my newspaper in 2009 after 23 yrs, now freelancing.
RT“: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!! #openingdayissoclose”
It's really gay. That part shouldnt be exposed unless something is coming out or for some of you something going in. Think about it
i dont hold grudges unless its about something serious lol :D
Mali vibes at Zebulon so sweet I tweet WITHOUT KNOWING IT! STANDING UP!
Are you forgetting what Bron did to the Pistons in the 2007 playoffs? You seem to never want to mention that. Its only fair
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 16
Lakers got this.
The hunger games was good but not like I imagined but I did love the characters all the actors were amazing
thanks so much Yvette! You are so supportive every Friday! :)
#youknowwhatsannoying guys with skinny jeans showing their crack
Single, though it is pretty ginormous RT Is it a double rainbow or just a boring single rainbow?
hey shoulda waited to this off season and trade for luongo. From vancover
good morning! having a latte to start the day
Can either of you recall a coach leaving w/ team before game is over ala. Roy W. Sat. vs. Fla St.
sorry sis no can do <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080> Jesus Shuttleworth lol Walter Ray Allen He Got Game
#FF for all the news, apps, reviews, hardware, and more on
Is your streaming server locked up or has it really been totally full since 8AM?
You may see him anywhere, he moves aruond. Howeer, tomorrow he wil definately be in IB. Fresh made pie by the slice.
So, hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I missed the piece on Miller!! You don't know where I can watch it, do ya?
agree but we could ludwick for close to nothing
Hopefully a youth sports instructor
rocking out to THE BASEMENT on drive home from work #OBSESSED!
Thanks...you too! =)
Lol nice and cold RT": When I need my best sleep ....I get Bookie Button Naked....."
Work Smarter Not Harder
Wishing the best show ever to !
He is? WHEN
9/7/11 - Harrys abs revealed and 1D on Chatty Man. This will be a day to remember.
Robert lee hotz. We live in a golden age of science, in a golden age of empiricism, golden age of sci communication
Doin me with a twist! (;
lol that's a lil extreme
I freaked out today when I drove by a movie set, and everything was decorated for Christmas...
ordered your Eagle Creek cubes...thx
You take your Hair extensions out every other day... I mean I would never be able to tell its fake.
Samarai Noodles coming soon to the U-District = win! yay ramen!
shout out 2 all my new followers welcome 2 the mindless movement !!!
Don't tell #Tebow, Jesus has picked #thechicagobears to win today.
Single Black Female Face-off with Hill Harper, Steve Harvey, Sherri Shepard & others...
so sad about the 4 babies that died in the fire in Fairfield...
whats goin down everyone, we're just working our butt's off over here, hope you enjoy what we have for you.
Who's coming to see us w/ Aaron Gillespie & THE ALMOST tonight?
Got to go...see you later Twitterverse.
Just checking to see if you had gotten my email I sent to you a while back? Look forward to hearing from you!
I'm desperate to see it!! Can't wait!!
In a moodd
that's on the list for this weekend.
Looking at old pictures always put me in a good mood
Yours truly will be staying up the whole 24 hours to support the library, so you should definitely come see THAT. Hee.
Well at least they are opening with a good song!
how about no
thank you for following! Be sure to also check out for the latest in mktg, adv, pr & design.
OMD! Can't believe the finale is already here! So you've had to keep it a secret all this time!?
why can't there be a button to say "make my sheet model look like my default" and vise versa.
Someday I will understand... until then, will just have to make do with not knowing...
at least someone is getting the benefit of Cheski's money they aren't
Q. What do you call two lesbians with their period? A. Finger painting.
RT : " I have good feelin bout you today! #rungood" >
?? Oh that's right, I guess? Jack D got me all fucked up
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew I said ass.
Clean sheets, a happy pup at my feet, and a thunderstorm serenade-don't need much more than this. So thankful for another perfect day...xx
where are you planning on living?
Merely transitional RT Larry Brown coaching SMU is _________
I love you like this much *hands you the world*
I did and it was easy
Just made a deal with a Fortune 150 company...so excited. Lets see what comes from it...
I cant sleep... thinkin about #WhatIfs er
“: So yall annoyed shawty don't wanna swim with no damn sharks while yall all safe in a boat ? I'll kill all yall .” SON
Just got done with another rockin' awesome acting session with thanks Walker! :
So are we, hope to see you at the ballpark this summer John!
NLD had a big day of meetings on Capitol Hill with key members of congress! We are ready to see user sign ups multiply w/ their support!
received my Diego sanchez shirt yesterday. Awesome will do business again
took quiet a slice off the top of a finger - it now resembles Terence and Philip talking
Good to know. As they say: I celebrate his entire catalog. We'll have to explore next time we bump into each other.
Good Luck! Thanks for all your support!
Dubstep is so annoying sometimes.
It feels like a huge decision b/c your responsible for so much. Have u read some unschooler blogs from young adults?
Oh btw, hi twitter! We're back for the moment I suppose!
TGIF time to jam the weekend , you rock reverb artist !!!! have a good day and a great weekend !
whole nation is proud of you. You guys were incredible last night! A great game, an unbelievable effort! Thank you!
#VinceYoung is trending on twitter...
RT Follow this guy if you are looking for followers and on Fridays it will explode, worked for me FYI
Im late
amazing! My life is getting better and better each day!:)
That gorgeous girl that just isn't photogenic..
still can't believe he honestly thought that.
Don't front it belittles u!!
Is it home? Me, and might make an appearance.
Haven't heard anything. Was thinking earlier whether #jj11 or #joyce2011 is better. Thoughts?
now if you can get to actually reply to support tickets you'll be making half that 200% work for this 1 customer.
“: Who's hotter Theo or Peter?” me
A FREE Appetizer Buffet starts in less than 5 hours! Who's joining us for a cold one after work??
tor is genius I just wish it was faster. Oh well
loved the android version visualization. Keep up the great work.
If you're thinking of dumbing down for a guy, it's too late. You're already stupid for thinking about doing it to begin with HOE
Today marks start of Michigan's deer season: About 675,000 hunters are expected to hunt this season.
slowly discovering all the non busy places to eat in midtown!
No, sorry to miss it. What's #techtacular about?
thanks Felipa - I will take a look
That was freaking AMAZING!!!! #FaceOff :D
okay I definitely will.. Saturday lunch might work best for me.. But I'll let y'all know closer to time.
I hate that summer is leaving us in the #PNW although I am looking forward to starting at the #universityofwashington only two more weeks!!!
Articulation of /r/ can be so important...especially in words like fork and shirt...
if I can get a taxi in the next 30 min I'm gonna head out
Modern European politics are consistently wonderful, awful, and hilarious simultaneously.
oh k thnks #RusherMom ill it when i get home yhnks :-)
Soccer in the AM! :)
I allow constant revision through quarter to encourage Ss to re-visit and revise.
World’s oldest man dies at the age of 114
“: All-time leader in walk-off homers? Jim Thome, with 12. Wish the Twins had him earlier! Would have helped mid2000s teams
u should def go! It's scary at first but once u shoot it once the fear is gone!!
love the red chair! Is it comfortable?
My dogs like liking peoples heads!(: Nastier??
I need some retail therapy shopping immediately!
Chocolate oatmeal, coffee, poetry, dog, and sun out in backyard.
Took a trip down to the Freedom Hall box office today to pick up tickets for an upcoming giveaway!
Everyday Fox & Vandersloot cry victim, gives more opportunity to educate pple on not buying his multilevel products.
Sounds heavenly! RT : Special sandwich: roast beef, asparagus, red onion and Gorgonzola, toasted, on a baguette.
The Rock sucks...and if they turn the angle into him wanting to drink I'm preparing for new shows on Monday.
#TruthBeTold I thought the little dude with the ring was the "Ring Bear" until I was about 16 years old... O_o
I Will! /: & Yess I Know Its Heart Breakinnggg, & I Love You More. <3
isn't it MAGIC?!!
Sadfaces for both of us!
Damn Dallas scored. 1-1. And No, I'm not watching the game. Had to follow for the updates.
maybe with a bottle of red....bottle of white?
lol they are playing the lakers
Wearing sweatshirt.
on Chelsea Lately??!! Why am I in class
that headline made the sophomoric male in me chuckle.
goes live with the Rome-News Tribune! Neybor provides enhanced real estate classified adverting on RN-T.com with syndication to more
Recap: Brockton Reds, Bens Dream White Sox, Middlesex Brewers & South Shore Cardinals advance to #cooperstownclassic playoffs today.
This made me cry RT so cute:-) ": Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift away from each other."
okay thank u!:) and my cousin saw some of your blogs and she luvved it:)
July 17th Sunday at 6pm Gerard Brooks in Concert Gerard is no stranger to Gospel Music he has been singing since the age of seven
Slap on a lil bit of strawberry lip gloss & I'm ready to rock!!!
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script
Thank you, !
That's the spirit, ! A friendship based on blame. Love it.
Denver Wins
So that's 21 points and collin totally winked at us when the whole team high fived the
TSOI-NY is about to see SCRATCHACID at Webster Hall 2nite. About to see what this Yow character is all about.
tired haven't slept in days.
#BREAKINGNEWS - President Obama: "By the end of 2014, the Afghans will be fully responsible for the security of their country."
id rather run. Hahaa
What's your favorite food?
Go follow my new account !!
Looking forward to having a beverage or two and cathing the Brewer game on FSN!
submitted a tea party catering proposal to client in San Jose CA -in their garden, iced tea party - food only inc bd cake at $35 per head
TURN iON KCAL9 RIGHT NOW! #DODGERS PRESS CONFERENCE WITH NEW OWNERS!!!!
Brewing my first batch of beer!! A traditional European bock.
Love viewing original documents & Cincy building depts comments about Wright's design. Wright: Ridiculous
Making plans for our G&L #summerjam2011 & #bigcountrybash2011 tent. So far it's still at Waterworks Park this Sat & Sun
Females be thinking us dude can't recognize FAKE Louis Vuitton purses, Fake Coach & FAKE gucci . . STOP PLEASE !
Life would be easier if the software I write wasn't so damn useful. I mean didn't break all the time.
WAG of the Week #95: Stunning British Model Zabeena Harris (Hot ...
Miller: unanticipated consequences can lead to new insights of community, new services
Who comin out to party wit me for my bday 2morro night at noche caliente?
be safe. Have fun. Love u!
Have faith in my boy Ryan Raburn
Had to collect my free steak from Outback! Damn good.
uh yeah and our parents were hard on us!
I am usually all Madame PR.....PC......everything is great........but THAT is ridiculous.
Just got back into NYC LGA last night sad to leave CR but glad to be back.
I know what I'll be buying my mom for mother's day: OAK FREE CHARDONNAY
So I want you to cry! And I want you to cry for me! I don't want you to lie to me and say that it will be alright
See ya later, #Duke!! GO CATS!
revision. Ba:( help me? Well, just follow me? Wish me look for my exams? Say you love me? Your not even online:( imissyou
Ops. Didn't mean to steal the mayorship from Tee hee. She'll get it back this week!
I haven't visited them but I've seen their store. I've had some of their product. It is good!
Thanks for sharing! - we have some great lists on Let us know if you have questions.
So about that zombie marathon runner. Not such a surprise, but he finished undead last
Worked out. Ate a sandwich. Now lying down and cannot get motivation to move.
“: I wish fire trucks played "Move Bitch, Get Out The Way" instead of using sirens” then you'd see them coming
Hey Friend Good Morning To All From Tutor Pace...!!!!!
Okay she starts to annoy me right now.. The hell I'm gonna slap this bitch!
Did you record it?
he'd better call Braun's attorney.
I feel like a celebrity. Cruising Springfield with summer on my mind.
What a day it's gonna be for Rugby @ Crew Stadium BGSU trailing Army by 2pts
Probably should go for a run before Baconfest. After? You think you're gonna wanna sleep.
refunded us. tx for your interest in your customers! twitter really is the only way to get customer service now!
Commit your work to the Lord,and your plans will be established.
Attending #AMAEXPO this weekend? follow for updates and give a aways during the show.
Wow! You're a trip H! lol Most attention these guys have got from a hot chick ever!
Hmm. Very specific test parameters.
So fun to see so many people cycling through Better Block setup for #Bike2Work day!
it felt good on my lips.
For Today - Agape
Thinking: Why is my #TT so light, it's halftime of the #Lakers game. (Looks at the clock) oh...it's midnight.
I wonder do this nigga really care? Or am I just wasting my time.. M!
Nice. My goal is to waddle out of the gym this afternoon.
Am I the only one who thinks wedges look ridiculous?
I can't believe any of this shit
290k on dinner break. blinds 3k/6k 1k ante when we get back. 25 left.
Has Anyone Else Wondered Why FACEBOOK Is Blue ? Why Can't It Be Red , Or Green Maybe Even Purple ?
GALAXY DIGITIZING (Specail offer!) Email: Phone:7135741446 First 5 designs $15 each Leftchest /Cap placements.
I'm hoping that we get a guard
. says two remaining controversial issues for session are campaign finance reform and raising min. Wage. Echoes of yesterday
Glad you had a good time! Are you a seasoned user of social media or a novice?
follow me and i might follow you,(: rofl.
That presenter from the NEA had an awesome surfer drawl.
Are they berry flavor or berry flavor? Hehe
Art Quote of the Day: The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. -Michelangelo
Bike ride? hah
Just ran into 2 people I know on the plane to Austin. Let the #SXSW games begin!
Writing the office quotes all over flashcards because its so much better than studying them>>
Our special today is chicken soup, Jamaican style! Warm your insides up with a cup!!!
I can't find the right walker toy for the baby. HIS BIRTHDAY WILL BE RUINED.
you and me both. And it always turns out to be someone in your inner circle
Although I imagine it will just be folded into subscription/platform fees....
Maybe tomorrow night we can watch the last season 5 ep.
I think the Packers will have a hard time this year, Bears got better and Lions are going to be great
Jonathan Beecher Field: The commitment to reaching a larger public audience by online journals brings advantages and disadvantages.
Hey It's good to connect, follow us back!
I prefer to think of it as doing my part to support local
It's doors, show at 9
That two point conversion miss just saved a LOT of football pools.
Status is changing...decline has declined I'm on my way to better days..
A very literary dinner party very quickly devolved into fisticuffs over Guns n Roses versus Nirvana.
“ Seriously ... its tricking if u pay for dessert or an appetizer”lmao you so damn cheap
Happy Birthday to my best friend ilysm mooer okay goodnight
Eugene Jarecki, & Rachel Grady, we’re proud to support your powerful films.
very sharp. I'll tweet a picture of them when we get home. Too dark to take a picture right now.
A body w more muscle tissue burns more calories all day long, even when you aren't lifting a finger.
Haaha this bitch secretly hates me but claims shes my friend. I see right thru u bitch
most important person to rep social media for an org is the one who's passionate & knowledgable, not necessarily the tech guru
So rough around the edges, its hard to believe, that girls like you love guys like me
Yay! We are on the way!
great night guys! Made my night haha! Good times with y'all. Thanks!(:
Tonight's show was so rad! If you missed or left early, you seriously lost out.
Oj hello no“: on the LAKERS! I love the spurs because they can't beat THE LAKERS!”
Life is what u make it!!!~
Kendall did not txt me sayn twerk team lol im not funna play wit him
ick 2 appts in one day today! I am sure some shoe shopping will be necessary afterwards!
Glad to hear! RT : Team Up thanks for the follow, love what you guys are doing!
SHADES IS MINE
that's u did u not read my tweet at all
Happy Bday to the greatest sister in the world Love you hope your day is amazing
Somebody stop me!
totally diggin the new song! Keep up the good work
Its official you are the man.
. He's going to answer to the laws of man, and then the laws of God. You'd better start praying for his soul.
Boo. just told us that won't sign our column (or anything other than his book) due to "strict security issues."
Thanks, Julius. I'm excited to be coming!
On the way to California to see my family! :-)
Worked it. Straight from text. Oh another world has just opened up to me. Bring it on
River Ridge School District referendum up 375-319 with 10 of 13 precincts reporting
Comedy is difficult, especially slapstick
Dude Jerry is Justin's penis,dick!lol are you even a Belieber?
You've heard about that smoke drifting in to WI from MN. Are we sure it's not just the state letting off steam over Michele Bachmann?
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
Greatest day at work ever...we had office bonding while on line for
1st travel tournament is on my bday weekend
Follow back
Aw thanks!
Why is it that every photograph of Octomom shows her carrying take-out food -- for one.
Working on this year's entry form!
All I can say is BEAUTIFUL.Pasha makes it SO BRILLIANT!
thanks! Ps f your dad, I shave in the shower too!
but delicious pairing!
Finally headed to the south side and it looks like it's going to rain
Yes plz RT : I wish there was a database that listed every single exhibition held in every art space in the USA.(...)
On my way to check out the new Lush store in Fashion Valley. Could this be the answer to my last minute holiday shopping dilemmas?
fuck it let's make an event of it.
June 1st can not wait to see
thank you for the follow
30 min slot for 10+ draw or 60 min for 20+ draw?
I love the theremin.
You had all weekend to do you homework!" Uhm, sorry bitch but i have a life...
Some men see things as they are and ask, “why?” I dream things that never were and ask, “why not?” – George Bernard Shaw
good thoughts and vibes coming your way!
Twenty minutes rowing is serious stuff.
Do we know what time yet? Need to shift some things round if it's a late game.
Both of your babies are beautiful! My daughter Lauren just turned 11. Have you added Levi to assistance list? I can advise
I know you've been hurt by.. someone else
I meant ADD one more lol
STOP TWEETING FUNNYS THAT JUS HURT MY BRAIN. I just can't even right now.
Looking for a HD videographer in LA TONIGHT for an event for $100- 2hrs
Lucky you!
Please follow me!
Thank you so much for giving us a +k about recipes on Love to share our food and recipe finds!
Tonight has turned out really crappy, but I'm just going to keep on smiling:)
they put in the sink so I could see TEP cliets but no soap, no papertowels. now its just a dadaist art objct
I wanna hear what nigga been workin on. Where the beats?
Getting ready for my interview on at 9:45. Thank you to all of my fans in advance for watching -- you guys are amazing!
Did anyone else hear Cindy Lauper drop the F Bomb on Wave3?
Where the wild things are guys
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
I'll be ready RT oh don't worry, it'll be directed at you a TON come Sept *smacks the back of A.J.s head*
obsessed with that pic!! Happy weekend to you too.
Playing at Relay for life in 20 minutes.
When youre so mad you can feel your face getting hot.
WHAT UNICORN IS YOUR SISTER X?
who's saying so???
FINAL: Churchill 3, King 2. Double play to end the game. Churchill advances to face O'Connor.
wow, the angst over Paterno is amazing. Those who worship him v. those who think he covered up child molestation - heated words.
people wait in line & save a spot for the other person, & when the person who bought the spot comes they just cut in line
That's awesome! Once I finish up the last of my store-bought detergent, I'll make mine.
Let's go here I am Floor 4 Row D Seat 7. Find me!! Justin Moore rocking it!
We're trending 'Happy Birthday Joseph Morgan' tomorrow 7PM UK time. RT and spread the word!!!
Question 2: I can’t get skin cancer, because my normal routine doesn’t include any outdoor activities. Tweet True or False using
Core Media not only prints t-shirts & apparel, but embroidery & promotional products is what we do & do it well! Hit us!
Is that just from work?! I never got that much email at The Sun!
Dream: fmr grad school prof (not that one!) and old Scout leader/captain berate me for walking on his deck.
lmao when yall coming to the north
Went to sleep early fuck it I'm up on the early side
#bover will be opening their #lighting showroom in #newyork in #september2012. we wish you the best!
In China, bicycles out-number cars 250 to 1
Asian Babies!!
you need an otter box
This 76ers game
RT I eat my pizza with ranch, & that's the best way.:: that's the most amazing way to eat it!
Brian has my phone number so all is ok there ...
You were so HOT tonight on #dwts!!! Don't let the judges get you down - see you next week!!!! :-)
RT : “: "Standardized tests are a poor substitute for justice" #sosmarch”
Apparently the NFL #HOF voters are still on lockout.....how you gonna snub Cris Carter and Bill Parcells.....go home...smh
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Sennheiser North America
Looks like it is going to be a perfect weekend for camping! I can't wait to get away and drink beer around a campfire.
>>Welcome Jennifer! Have a great weekend..
We're about to head out for a midnight visit to one of the oldest cemeteries in the county.
what about that one love song i would listen to, that would get stuck in your head?
heck yea
Props to Colton Dixion for worshipping God on American Idol! He is all I want He is all I need He us my everything!!!
sure why not!(:
RT Catch my interview with author Mike Leach of Why Stay Catholic at catholicmom.com/?p=19443 - enjoy! //
'Big Bang Theory' Is Now Bigger Than 'American Idol'
raining in WA county/Beaverton line
Great Questions, keep 'em coming!
In addition, it will take millions out of a low-interest savings account and then it over to police & fire in all 18 cities # SAFE
TeamMaestro and #Zimmer present must-see custom mobile learning & sales support solution tomorrow at #Q1Productions Medical Device conf.
RT Hey my Trigga boo can you please follow my lovely sistas ~» please Trey :)
I hope every one has a good spring break(:
Happy to hear in a bar in the #district :)
that's why they surpass home depot in sales---no more elevator music!
Who is watching UFC CAN I get an update?
Thinks my life has no meaning, no purpose anymore.... Oh wait, I found the remote to the TV, nevermind!
#WhatIMissMost Skating with the
jon's apartment number is 1D
LMFAO... They talk to me xD
To dang tired! G'night! <U+E057><U+E13C><U+E13C>
his apology still doesn't make up for a call that altered the game. Chelsea didn't dominate till after that
See what happens, #mntwins, when you get rid of Nick Punto AND the battery's eye trees?? Doom.
I'm good and u
Great game Sox , and way to go Philip Humber , yippppeeee
dont u hate it when the most. Important person in.your world ignores u?
hopefully ill be better by this weekend or at least before next week! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
have a nice day at school pookie.
i dont care much for watchin it tho i rather play
some birdbrained peeps; it's that kinda town, what with Blue Jays, Orioles, and Ravens
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I cant front man, im impressed wit ya boys..thought they wld get swept
Ships in harbor are safe, but that's not what ships are built for. John Shedo
I completely understand but still, the show is whack
Have a slice of perfection with the White Chocolate Raspberry Cake for only $3 a slice!
Well I hope you guys have fun...You gonna get some pictures for twitpic?
Guys I spent like three weeks with and now I haven't seen her in forever.
Creeping on Ah Come up kinda morning ...
I'll be your valentine lol ;)
Good idea! : Have u gotten surf shorts yet ? Planning to go 2 tmrw they have &
That law about no texting and driving is stupid
Thanks for sharing our In the Heights article!
miss you too babe<33 hopefully i get to see you tomorrow :D
hah yaay!! And I went to A Drake concert last night!!!! <3
The lack of meaning in all this is the worst part.
bitchmade comes in all shapes and sizes lol
why what happen
Time for a numbergameeee! Tweet me your number ;) must following
he want that #CAKE (: morning everybody (((((: 1st period flow.
It's my Leila's first birthday today!
Get to know the candidates vying for Shelia Jackson's school board seat at a public forum 6 to 8 p.m. April 18 at Knox Middle School.
but only in my dreams does that really happen
I just DM'd the question to u
Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!
Love the open space. Curious how the type works with the gutter though, was anything lost in translation when it was printed?
Whiskey. Won't cure you, but will make being sick a helluva lot more fun.
i get reminded of what iam missing.irratatingggg
The Cubs could play the 2012 season 2,012 times and they would still never win the NL Central.
You mad? Stay mad
House of Nanking. In line. Doing it.
i knew there was a reason i've never stepped foot in there....mr. angry spice
It would be great for their market/fanbase if they signed the best Cuban free agent available. I would love the move.
My cousin refuses to follow me , what a jerk -_-
It was over before it began as far as I'm concerned. I've never even heard the song.
I don't understand the point of twitter ? haha only for you courtney :p
Dinner with the 1 guy on earth who understands me...long 48hours4all of us at 601...not another place I'd rather work
Haha Yea they did i totally loved there outfits.., and i was happy that they both made a movie together :D
Sometimes I worry about how much I enjoy being alone with my computer.
Done with my term paper. Now off to bed! 'night!
so call me maybe [; follow me alex <3 #nevergivingup so your gonna get alot of these [;
cool! #dressforsuccess is a gr8 org! If you would like to get involved with us email !
Stop being mean Jose! .,_.
RT : Thx! caught my eye at #gnomedex and I've had fun playing with it. [me too! It Rocks!]
that frusturating moment when you're almost dont eating your cereal but the last few pieces are like "catch me if you can!!"
When you help a librarian out, it will return to you in multiples.
"The Right Stuff" is going back to the library today.
Class dismissed bitches! I'm free!!
You can't keep him with no personality ...
I've seen it before. Haha. Thanks, though. He sure is sexy. ;)
Since I didn't get that job, its now time to step it up and apply more!
I have a feeling this show will be the basis of a movie that wins an oscar. It's just that good.
hi there!!! you know your awesome right?
I'd have to say, you have kept up with your expectations, your Twitter game has been strong.
which 1 of u wants my old Blue/Yellow Team DeMaio Tshirt. Since u are intent on electing him Mayor. AKA voting 4 Filner
Omg..I can't even watch this bs..ogando..really??
Outraised the incumbent by triple. Way to go team, !!!
Miller would be better off wearing a mitten on his glove hand.
Coach, I'll holla at you tonight at the game bro!!!
Naturally! Let the snacking begin...
Voice coach says I'm not getting enough sleep. See...y'all done got me in trouble!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it.
Someone needs to save me from my mind
LOL! This is a bad decision from me...
Office manners tip: Don't go overboard with personal decorations. Make it yours but don't have anything that might make others uncomfortable
spending time with the family,relaxing
haha! I feel the same exact way, and yet, we still manage to sit on twitter instead of studying. haha!
I see the same people everywere.
Been up for 24 hours now. I'm creeping up on the record
is ver easy if U have a gasgrill and a cast iron pan takes bout 20 min 4 green coffeebeans 2 get dark :)
we need girl time"!!! Boys are making life difficult!
You have to decide who your going to trust and listen too.
Navy SEALS are asking the weird, foreign looking Obama to stop bragging about killing Osama bin Laden. He didn't do shit. They know it.
listening to Sweat It Out(Twerks and claps cheeks) <U+E402><U+E402><U+E402>
I feel like is my big brother.
hell yes I can't wait!!!
"There is a strange pecking order among actors. Theater actors look down on film actors, who look down on TV actors. Thank God for...
that would be amazing! Can't wait to see the collection and maybe even carry it on Skinny Bitch Apparel! KIT!
Wednesday Wisdom: “Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.” ~Jim Rohn
we need to start an email campaign or something!!
I couldnt ask for a better group of friends, we always have some much fun together.<U+E418>
Whenever I'm down I put on and I cant help but smile which makes my day better
Follow , , , , and for all #wifilmfest coverage this wknd!
Listening to sfSound rehearse Dan Joseph's new piece. Polytempo all the way....
Just be ready
If I didn't know you I'd rather not know. If I couldn't have you I'd rather be alone.
I think my love affair with is going to force me to learn Less. Which has been on my list of things to do anyhow.
My Favorite Song On The Whole Mixtape! Good
German already sounds angry to me ... So an angry german just scares the shit outa me .
Practice practice :)
I just woke up at 7:30 and went to the grocery store to buy stuff to start juice cleansing every Monday. And I didn't wear a bra. #WhoAmI?
ha ha tell her it all positive music so she good lol
It's a Mom's World. We're all just livin' in it. Happy Mother's Day.
RT : #ThatAwkwardMomentWhen a FEM Gay guy and a BUTCH Lesbian fall for each other! That equals a heterosexual attraction!
This dude looks like a bigfoot lmao
We love the way music brings people together.
screw valentines day...happy #TomlinsonTuesday everybody!!
People who talk to others with disrespect are only asking to get treated negatively.
Let the festivities begin , birthday just a few hours away ;)
please dont be in love with someone else
White Haus in Jamaica Plains; in Providence , a fantastic arts space; basement venue Distant Castle in Worcester
He got something special#lovehurts<3
got a new rear bike tire...and "True Lining" (?) some process to make my ride BETTER! :) yeah Ft. Collins.
I think I'll go mac n cheese, okra, and mashed potatoes.
Clippers work them.boys
"The greatest battle lies within"
Wow 80 degrees in the Chi today unheard of for the spring time
mind if I email you a question along those lines later today?
Also need to invest in a tablet.
Oh I would LOVE to see you! Maybe you and whoever could come to the mall..Im sure I'll be there sometime..probably Sunday! :)
What's going to happen when people start teleporting to work? No more snow day excuses!
40 minutes of walking/running, 2.5 miles, and 330 calories later, I think it's time for dinner. Ah, I feel good!
The newest national poll is out. It's FOX - and FOX has Obama PLUS SEVEN!!! Ouch.....!
hahaha...whatever helps you sleep at night...but you're alright...
love to see that sometime...lol
Hip flask. Apply frequently.
Congrats to & its founders! Amazing entrepreneurial story and a wonderful app that I've been hooked on since the day it launched
Waiting for that New Jack Swing revival....
Will do!
If we are God's experiment, then I'm thinking he's probably more like a mad scientist and less like the all loving version.
Welcome home Gilad.
you KNOW how much I favor free markets, and I am 200% in favor of regulating this practice. Must Be Stopped NOW.
thanks for sharing!
Guess I should stop sitting in the parking lot. Ugh.
shut up fool.....u must miss me<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Woke up in a great mood today my fav show not yet on TV is only 2 days away
emmett and dwayne are headed your way!!
After 14 years of listening to every minute of every , I hardly listen at all anymore. Reason: It's +EV to grind poker in silence.
please tell me that was a dream
May or may not have just photo bombed ESPN with
you guys are so nice (:
I'm free. Finally off work :-)
The male population needs to figure it out .. And figure it out now .. Idiots .
ah so r u done with homework
tomorrow is the first day I don't have to wake up early for anything. yes. sleeping ALL day.
I'm so pumped! Seems like forever from now
Bulls play tomorrow at 7pm. Make sure you're here for $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts & $5 svedka cocktails!!
NSR may be racist, but mostly she's just a charlatan. Nobody cry--there are plenty of knee-jerk anti-intellectual rags to take her.
You're making me want a DQ vanilla cone with cherry or butterscotch dip. Haven't had ice cream since unsold my business!
Syracuse isn't the 2nd best team in the country. No surprise Louisville is hanging.
Looking for someone who understands Robet Puddys Launch Formula Marketing . Anyone out there ?
and you're a #Twins fans so there are bonus points for that. All women look better in Twins gear
This Pic is You my friend!
Hence the fact that Skyrim is procedurally generated. Portal 2 is similar problem articulated differently [+]
We're all just slightly misunderstood
been a freak now that I think about it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Yeah, but Pauly Shore isn't your standard hack... he and his buddy were beyond extraordinary hacks.
Still not asleep and not happy about it...
Dear Self, I regret to inform you that you are not that much better than most of the people you look down on. Knock it off. Love, Matthew
: o my gosh erika
ROCKIN TO THAT TRAP OR DIE...
I'm gunna be looking like pop stew tomorrow :)
RT : recruiting the perfect kickball team is a fulltime job.
Wow....I just got this rly sharp pain my heart....</3
Its a beautiful day in San Fran! Eating at a diner on the warf with the mother.
Saw you tonight on Ch7, but it's fair to question Brady's legacy based on his post-spygate results, right???
I beg to differ. Where did I park my Delorean?
It's a gorgeous day and day 2 of the captains license course in Monterey. Wish this course was taught outside.
I'm sorry, are you also tweeting the dozens of times they say you lied? Hypocrite.
So it's official -- Pandawinks Diaper Cakery is now an official business -- taxes to pay and all!
Changing perspectives now a days
Only 4 days till Christmas! Foamily has Griffin Longboards and more for $100 off normal price...amazing Christmas present.
what period do you have Spainsh?
blowing the snow. Hate the cold kickback
Thanks for the update! No surprise there - would love to see some straw polls in northern Wisconsin.
": I think I can understand why kids love theme park! " blow my dick on a rollercoaster bitch
I've got a #confession to make. #Pandora convinced me to buy their yearly service so I could can the obnoxious annoying
Bahcesehir University students completed their ESL program.They studied for 8 months at HFC.
Where all the hoes at? That don't give a fuck where their clothes at
I Really Don't Care Anymore-- The Funny Part Is You Think That You Have Some Control Over My Emotions. Be A Player When Im The Coach,
RT Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal. ~ E. Nightingale
Come to in Dallas at 7 PM to hear Singer/Songwriter on Dec. 19th! You won't be sorry!
me too ._. it annoys me.
Script is locked- film is cast! Crew confirmed! Table read on Jan.21st!
I have to give props to unofficial Kentucky State Governor for saying he'd rather see UK's campus rebuilt than Rupp Arena.
It's an even bigger presumption because test scores are an inaccurate and inadequate measure of our students.
Really, why do any other schools even try anymore?!
This PM thing is making me insane...
How far that little candle throws his beams! So shines a good deed in a weary world. -William Shakespeare
Schmarbage indeed. Alison, your inane humor always "cracks me out!" (in the words of a very-trying ESL friend of mine).
a big thank you to Best Place bar in the historic Pabst downtown for tapping Fire Light!
I hope for both staff and patrons. Your team rocks!!!
Aww I hope you et better(: And guess who got the one I wanted. Little Miss Perfect Leah.
Spartacus on the high.
You can’t lose what you never had. You can’t keep what’s not yours. And you can’t hold on to something that doesn’t want to stay.
i wanna switch to the iphone :P
Baby if I were 5'10 the world would be a redder place....but at 5'2....well I own a lot of heels
Great guess of the key ingredient--photo to follow in the next tweet. RT spring pea soup?
Well, you know how much we love beer around these parts...
Thanks for checking in with us on Foursquare. Hope you enjoy your evening at Kittichai!
Yay for Meryl Streep!! #TheIronLady was an amazing film and so are her acting skills, pure amazing!
I am baaaackk in action. Thanks for the heads up on the Annie's Groupon, by the way!
had such a great time playing at the Fox & Hound show in Arlington Heights last night. Thanks for coming out to the #party!
It's always political: role of photograph? images speak for themselves?
Just found out my dad dated a girl that lived in the same building as a girl I used to see, but he did it 45 years ago, before he met my mom
Stats don't mean shit when you don't have a ring for them... lol
Equal opportunity, I just like Apple products better
Done with the number game. Sorry if I didn't do yours!! I didn't do that many because I got really tired and now I'm going to sleep! Night(:
Do you speak English?
« #Libra has a big need for variety. That means if they get bored with you, they'll try someone else.»
scored 2nd week-end passes to Coachella 2013 :-D works out since I will be in the PI late March / early April 2013.
Just started my #D3Launch download!!!!
I like that if I ever head out to #Oregon, I have Twitter friends there.
Ann Curry's whispering, "aren't I compassionate" interviews are so gd tedious and annoying.
Voted at 7 AM today. Pretty quiet, but I almost fell down those church basement steps.
Convinced a 3rd grader that nonfiction writing is definitely NOT boring!
Solaris Kids Hotel Andrija- The first childrens theme hotel in Croatia - kids desks
You guys are trying to trend #iNickelodeonShow ? I am IN !
enjoying... no, having a BEERGASM to... a vampire slayer at
jahahahahahhaa . Im so Immature
Thank you :)
.. Look, Jamie Dimon is paid only $20 million a year. What do you expect, perfection or something?
Two days is not enough time for a weekend.
finally got twitter. i'm proud of you
someone who hates you normally hates you for one of three reasons. they see you as a threat, they hate themselves, or they want to be you.
I wish I could, but it's over a 2 hr drive from me and I don't think I can get there soon enough...
Hearing about demographics- our children will be frequent attendees at 100 yr old bday parties. New meaning for old.
Free #concierge pick up & delivery service with any Deluxe Wash or detailing package in downtown #SanDiego,#Gaslamp, #EastVillage or
The team assembled on the block and started observing the house. Several people. Positive ID on his truck.
My agent is worth 20%. Don't tell her that though...
Presiding bishop is Hope Ward of Mississippi
Wednesday is here! 1/2 price on all bottles all day! New Reds on our Wine List!
Tomorrow I have #modeling exercises.
South Korea banned our scouts from its stadiums? BAH! That's like banning Stephen Hawking from step aerobics classes.
got it and agree. Happy new year!
Maybe by the time I'm back to Ohio Sway will be in full effect. I can just bartend my life away in arena every weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Welcome to Twitter!! Love you!
spring break >>>
Francisco-Revilla: you have to get the users participating in the design. They can tell us what works for them.
#MD Gov breakfast w legislative leaders did not result in agreement for Special Session. Gov wants Budget by May-gaming perhaps August
Peter Piper Pizza!! :D
Everyone please follow me
Often you get the best insights by considering extremes--by thinking of the opposite of that which you are directly concerned. -C. Wright Mi
my favorite one. I've been tempted twice to snag someone else's delivery.
ZOMG I had no idea what a Cherry Ripe was until now. That's all my fav flavors in one candy bar. Hope I can find them here!
We are super men.
Standing ovation from Houston, Texas!
Fun fact...Lebron James has zero NBA championships.
Are you @ #spop12? So are we! We're presenting at 11am B2B bootcamp + 4pm B2C bootcamp. We've got wisdom to impart: be sure to check it out!
Do I hear wedding bells? Newbury has BRAND NEW Red Velvet Wedding Cake flavor in honor of co-owner Matt Wallace who ties the knot next week!
My Mind's on the scripture, it's Beautiful, I see every line on the picture. So when the leaves Rustle & the cock Crows winter...
had 2,287 pics of the boys on my phone , an now they are all gone!!! :(
Here I come Boston!
I know! <3 Lol I was just sayin' you could've come, but you were sleeping. :3
cleveland > bronx
is it time to do this again yet?
And a shout-out to Ryan at You are my knight in shining armor!
although the straightest distance between 2 points is a straight line, it isn't always the smartest journey
Are not worried about shit bc they know the govt will take care of them
there are certain women that would be good for me...but i have zero feelings for...that a bad feeling :-\
Having my first rose of the "summer" season at
Home with no boyfriend to kiss and no friends to laugh with
Did you know that for every $1 spent on family planning, $4 is saved?
Decided to do the 30 day challenge! ")
Copper Mountain in Colorado!
I like odd combos like that. I believe waffles and fried chicken are a popular odd combo in the southern US.
Who is that random chick just chillin' in the window?
So they got lil suzie out here...
Alot of uneducated people do ;)
I will give you peace and quietness. - I Chronicles 16:11
Looking for tickets to Blackhawks tonight? Message me if you want to buy our tickets. 3 seats in 105
Merry Christmas...make it a great day!
Macaveli's Exclusive Taurus B day Club Tour May 12 PARTY BUS,X DANCERS,PREM LIQUOR,CLUBS 5 SEATS..Left call to RSVP your seat 773 6406742
is this ship landing on the factory roof??
So I'm watching Basketball Wives as I do my final paper for my law class. Hm Royce you won't keep a man with all that crying boo. smh
Just discovered Apple's is an opensource project, written in #python. Cool.
no The snowman is cute though, his little cat
RT : #ifitwasntforhockey i wouldn't know what love is.
Good posture prevents back and neck pain. Duh, right? Maybe not, look around. You think people know good posture?
Me too - way worse. The 80s and 90s were not a friend of mine...
I'm out of control, but at least I know it.
I want an exotic animal someday..
So good to be back in OZ
#FF thanks and welcomes new follows Move your way!
So, does this mean that the #Twins and the #Mariners are the two worst teams in #mlb?
What would it be w/out Barrett's Milwaukee? Even lower yet. MT : Unemployment rate...It is down to 6.7% in WI (lowest since 2008).
we just moved the company blog and the 'WP to Twitter' feed posted each blog again... sorry about the noise! -dale
#FilmmakingWebinars learning about video storytelling from the film making dude
Think in that case, "mentality" = economic structures.
If you missed the social night at Panera Bread, it was great!
People have different skill sets. A great team will have diverse skills so many things get done, rather then a narrow few. Opens more doors.
WFH today. Time to kick some serious ass.
i tweeted my friends the video of zayn dancing and they're making fun of him. then my friend is watching him sing let me love you... oh.
Today is International Beer day. Another reason to celebrate a glorious Friday!!
but you aren't aloud to!
Dads do not give the fight to protect your kids from an abusive bio-mom. Go through the courts, present proof. My proof was overwhelming.
oh god ,! Haha when do you wanna goo?!(;
Wooops. i hope i dont get in trouble for my last tweet**
that would imply that he has guard skills.
New looks great. It just doesn't quite...work properly.
So as of today a lot finna change real shit
your grad party is the night before my actual graduation! Wayne and Trish would not be happy if I slept through my graduation :(
just checking in my man where you all going this weekend
Avg student loan debt passes $25K. Avg new car loan exceeds $26K and used cars nearly $19K. Degree will last longer.
Just an FYI - there is a 100% chance of snow this New Years Eve on Auditorium Shores- at 8pm! Thank you Wolf stuntworks!
Nope, nothing in particular at the moment, just things I probably missed. Biggest point is property ordering, I think.
Great job -- the new homepage looks resplendent (to borrow a phrase from Taylor)
Veteran Media Executive Alan McGlade Launches DEV to Promote Next Generation ... - MarketWatch (press release)
It is one thing to have a Benton engraver. It is another to have Benton's Benton engraver.
<U+E310>HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDYB!!! <U+E310>
DON'T MAKE EXCUSES, MAKE IT HAPPEN!
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech M&A - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Carrie Allen talks about the fascinating negotiations of identity and authenticity in Christian rap in Houston.
straight to socialism. One just might get us there faster. No God=no morals. No morals=no freedom. No freedom= devastation
Reading through the tweets from is like finding beautiful pearl after beautiful pearl on the beach of succinct wisdom.
Only Abq mid-,high schools to pass AYP: charters, alternatives
Been so busy lately, haven't been following tweets. But soon have some new digital collections stuff to share
less than 1500 until #cinnamonchallenge & less than 91500 til you release your
Pittsburgh we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Gators with 12 assists on 14 first half FGs
have completed self-evaluation and sent it on! I am triumphant! Now I just need to create next year's plan.
Nothing is real 'til it's gone.
A week of sweet Mexican nights with my daughter start tomorrow. Ah.
Taking "The Artist" for Costume Design.
I hate when people think i take "Yolo" Seriously. Like, bitch. Take a joke .
Not too bad yet. I think someone opened a door in the cafeteria and it is sucking some of the bad air out.
that moment when u just get home from the grocery store and u realize u forgot to buy sumthing
Happy Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day! Margaritas? Mint Juleps? Or both? :)
Timbuk3 doors down
MVNO H2O Wireless adds 2 GB cap to $60 'unlimited' plan H2O Wireless, an MVNO that is managed by Fort Lee, N.J.-based Locus Telecommunica
Stop by and purchase your Yankees tickets for $25 for April 16th. If you've never been to a Yankees game this is a must!
A Mother's Day thank you for the care given a father in decline: Death is natural, and in some cases even merciful, right? He was the...
Yup, supporting and endorsing an offer to kill someone. That's what you did.
I'm already tryna go home
Do you have a dress that fits the dimensions of a bottle? Must be shapely!
I just realized that I've been working on the same piece of rug hooking for 12 years. Should I finish?
i think i am , i been single for ALONG ASS TIME :\ i betta start getting some cats . . . LMAO
There are new posts on the #blog www.sunrisetosunsetblog.com. Check out the pictures of the apartment and also our #craftiness!
A3) Fear and weaknesses can be turned into opportunities. They just need to be recognized and nurtured in order to grow.
ugh I feel ya on that one
can you go bowling?
Please welcome to twitter.
My Stomach Hurt iWas Laughing So Hard Mann!
Assuming the #Orioles are out of it by July, Jim Johnson could and should be traded for a king's ransom. (Corner IF obviously a big need.)
good morning wake up <3
I didn't order any 80 degree days... can I return them?
Colleagues comment on RT etiquette: "We're trying to have a society here. You gotta follow the rules."
Watching "The Wiz".
Apple wins long-awaited iTunes Store patent
let me know
#OnlyInMinnesota Do we consider 42 degrees and overcast a nice day.
we're playin in SF at the hotel Utah on the 17th
That's alright man, don't feel too badly. In 2100, Gas is gonna be like $20 a gallon & music will probably suck
I don't recall watching a worse NCAA football championship game ever....
Dis nigga said he gonna put some medicine on him when he catch him!
alright well maybe I will one day, how hard can it be?
Repeats of Dancing with the Stars which for some reason is on Game Show Network.
When planning your event please consider getting He'll blow your mind.
epic troll! Mate.
yea man! I guess u could say I'm in a pretty good mood! LoL!
Euro crew will be insane tonite at !!!! get ready for rock it!
Yup. To say has a fascination with KP is to say Driscoll has a fascination with driving drunk.
I have a suggestion on a partner store. I think if we got rent the runway as a partner store it would do phenomenal!!
My father just told me I look tired and have quite a few grey hairs
Yep kicking off first full day. BTW LL looking strikingly like Mr. Jobs on stage today. Double Royal nostalgia.
i had two near death experiences today.
Thanks for the #FFExcellent!! Have a great weekend!
Forget to pay your parking ticket? :p
I put my hand up on your feet. When I tweet, you tweet, we tweet.
Hey, where did you find those cute graduation cards? I want to get one for my sister!
No silly XD foam balls!
12/21 at Frankies. We'll be there celebrating Karri's graduation from UT and her birthday which is the 25.Come hang out!!!!
I'll never be the person YOU wanted me to be. You can't accept me, even with my flaws. I've come to accept that I'll never be good enough.
That moment when you and your friend stare at your crushes after school :)
in traffic, but there soon
World Malaria Day 2012: Invest in biodiversity and keep malaria at bay - Business Mirror
RT : YOU'RE THE BEST CLUB AND I LOVE YOU
shit man I wish I was immature and made fun of people behind a fake profile.
Huge fan of Pulse! Alphonso Labs has truly raised the bar for app expectation(s), especially on the Android Market.
Wow that was really close to a #Penguins penalty shot, #flyers player looked like he gloved that puck in the crease.
Not sure what I would do without
Dear Music Pro blogger: "Integrate your marketing plan" and "build your base" is not advice anymore. Give us something new & creative.
RT : SAG + AFTRA Merger. VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE.... --> Agreed!
One of my favourite lines in "Friends" ever and my basis for judgement of all actors: "They said you're not believable as a human being."
I've never been a fan of puppets , so the Dark Crystal had like no chance in my book. Still don't like them to this day.
getting ready to head out for my first night in chicago with seriously my roommate for LIFE represent.
so over listening to this convo...
Aww thanks girl!!!! I love you!
Working on a homeschool American history curriculum outline. So far it's just "Here kids, a list of every explorer ever. Ain't history fun?"
Still following along #cws ": The Gamecocks win it, 7-1 victory over Virginia. South Carolina looked pretty complete today."
Kangaroos really got it right with the whole built-in pocket thing.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love
nice! I'll see u guys tonight
I don't kid about music videos. already confirmed an appearance.
I'm trying to like people, it's just so hard to weed through the stupid ones.
yeah they lost but I was watching the Man City game & WOW best game I have seen in the longest!!!!
I'm not comparing, I'm saying that's him....
The couple had left their apartment a block away from the Balinese because the roof was caving in.
the cheesy 80's song comes to mind... "Party All The Time..".
Heard great things about Mailchimp. Would love to try it at some point
Much respect to all those, big and small, who blacked out yesterday
Wow in the show one of Polly's lines is "I feel something sorta...down in my basement" oh jeeze
Adding live chat to #Venntive.com this morning. Chat me up!
Only TWO more days left to apply for London Fall 2011! Application is due THIS FRIDAY, APRIL 1st! Hurry and get your applications in today!
You don't know them and you're gunna be rude ? LMFAO PLEASE
When i was about 4 years-old i remember i use to tell my mom tht when i got older i would marry a prince&live in a big sugar castle.</3*
I may or may not have sang along and danced to "Bye Bye Bye" when it came on the radio while I was driving home. Yeah, I still like NSYNC.
Mom says thank you very much!
Congrats to for taking home best of broadcast for their So Kodak tv campaign. Great work.
check out , sometimes they have offers for the mountains
Though the Blazers aren't looking so great, at least Kevin Love got suspended. While the nose job was needed, Love is/was a spoiled brat.
Its been a long time coming babe
We are born with 2 fears- loud noises and falling down. All the rest are acquired.
shaming myself into playing better.
The time when your actually tired and you want to go to sleep but you just caint :(
Never though I'd be one thatd be awake at the bus stop at 6am for work. Still love it.
Tiffers welcome to twitter!:)
Subway for dinner!!#YEE <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
All Hollies songs are foreshadowing her departure
Need assistance or to report something during your reservation? The folks at 866-4ZIPCAR are always there to help 24/7.
More mixing tonight!
beer chili and homebrews on Labor Day.
so far, a couple thousand fellow craft beer fans! see you there!
late start but DVR was running. I'm starting now!
More cameras than protesters at
hats off to GCF for being so dedicated to their work. #GCFCrewLove <3
I will install pole in the back yard next to my salmon ladder.
Just listened to Whitney's isolated vocal track for "How Will I Know"..As it should be! I'm a FIRM believer in NOT using auto-tunes or other
Yes, yes you do. She said hello after she ignored me for an hour.
lol, lawd Derek. How you been!?
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. ~ Albert Einstein
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT FOR $1 MARGARITAS !!!!! DJ QUAKE IN THE MIX , COME GET WASTED !!!!! FOLLOW !!!!!!
Vuke is singled to death in the 2nd. Three hits and a walk, but a line out double play keeps Royals to 2 runs. 2-1 Twins.
hey coach, when do you sleep????
Also, would love to see your dissertation at some point, since our apocryphal interests overlap so much.
Where did all these gorgeous women come from? I must be in the matrix.
Now I'm anxious to Leave already ! Omg Florida Stresses me Out !
Now up is "A Job Bank or: How to Engage Students and Alumni Without Spending A Dime".
Please tweet me a really nice song to listen to :)
Still awake cause I can be
Finding out that a song on your ipod uses Chrono Trigger music >>>>>>
Fathers with sole custody remember, you got custody of your kids for a reason. No judge would just remove kids from their bio-moms care.
My timeline is wild tonight.
its about trying pbl in an inner city school. Sucesses, failures. More failures though. Thanks for asking.
Yes ma'am!!
Our #SPECIAL #OFFER expires soon. Don't wait any longer. 4 a #LIMITED TIME ONLY get 50% OFF our service by using r #CODE:012386 212-WEBSITE
I lost it at the Blackberry 6+ slide. lol
People that are driving and pick their nose like nobody can see them ..
Many times, the circumstances you ask God to change are the circumstances he's allowing because he wants YOU to change.
"We are born to be creative souls on the leading edge of thought" - Joe Argazzi - YES Please!
no problem :) but having to wait till november will be the worst yeah -.-
I feel so flattered, why thanks for those compliments anyway.
I wish I could stick YOLO up your fucking ass!
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
Kim Kardashian has cameras up her butt everywhere, but doesn't want them in deposition about dissolution of fake marriage.
Tre always turns the tables in an argument, she doesn't listen to others or herself, thats why i think shes dumb
Agreed, but unfortunately, as you said, media would make it all about Bush. Plus, she wouldn't do it. There's no perfect pick
angels win in the 9th
What the hell are you talking about? Try using English you idiot. I never seen anyone use "UR" so damn much in one tweet!?!
try a corn dog instead at Unicorn instead! Variety is the spice of life!
Follow my Friend
*Happy Mothers Day!* to all the mothers out there. Hope you have a great day today :)
Can say what you want ab Teal, but he can't be any worse than what we've had so far.
The hotline number to report Election Day legal issues tomorrow is: 1-866-OUR-VOTE
Thanks so much to all of our new members for signing up for FUEL membership this week! Welcome to the FUEL network, everyone!
Memorizing recipes, gotta be ready for tonight. This will either be fun or the death of me. Get ready Pasadena cheese.
and I have a flight delay. Good news is that it's only 15 minutes.
Follow my son
Cobia crudo w uni, finger lime, fresh horseradish Incredible!
I think that was the worst part of the Oscars broadcast. Poor girl! RT : agreed. Good thing I only saw the last 20min of it.
On the X front, all the wrong people are racing to buy porn domains, simply to protect themselves
: only thing better than mancity winning is knowing im in the presence of greatness that is ...
deputies union says county could save "truckload of money" by using union's captain rankings, and firing the OIR and new jails commission
Drivers Ed .. this class is ass.
Kevin stop looking <3
: thanks for all the great book recs at lunch. Sent in a gob of requests. Yay.
That awkward moment when you type in your password as your username.
I'm late for Archer. I'm might cry a little.
RUB IT IN, why don't you? Just gave up caffeine and dairy. Not cranky AT ALL.
The real American hero!!! Great shot, it's 1-1
i'm back sweetie <U+2665>
that awkward moment when has never favorited anything.... :/
That sounds great!
Not a big Madonna fan, but the video display on the field is cool!
Awful dreams last night mean I'm a sleepy pup today.
One man can make one woman, hate all man.
Missing the Dalai Lama's speech at SDSU because I am STILL sick. Wtf!
nice!!:) I want to get me more, I still have spots in my room open :/ <|3
Just passed a woman on the highway that appeared to be scratching her brain through her nose
Finally!!! ;-)=> “: Chicago May 31-June 2. The new Laugh Factory. Downtown.”
i feel like you just asked Foucault's research question in Hist of Sexuality
some people are warm? HVAC consistency fail. i'm still freezing.
Thanks for the samples
Hotch-A-Do has been in the top 5 for Best Milwaukee Brunch for 3 years running- Give it a try or head back for 50% off!! www.crowdclick.com
there's some dude on twitter that needs to change their profile pic before people start making fun of it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I am broke guys :(
It was good talking with you and your wife today; I look forward to hearing good reports as you meet with others.
I hate how I never have the guts to tell people how I really feel about them.
Doin what I gotta do.
Aww. I L o v e you . I can't explain how much I do :$ Thanks soo much for just beeing you ! Just T h a n k s ! : I <U+2665> you
Thanks Quanie ...u never sleep lol RT Have a safe trip back !
Just finished my Hardees. Now time to fix a drink and get drunk. My tweets should get a lot more interesting throughout the night!
that feeling when you turn up and forget about everything else.
for now I'm at my house on the couch watchin cartoons!
maybe one day you will see this tweet and follow me (: that's all I'm asking for is a simple follow! :D please follow me?
I am happy to be a part of Bulbstorm.
One of the worst feelings in the world loves that somebody and that somebody doesn't love you back
justin if u dont come to northcarolina for #BELIEVE im gonna be very upsett
So glad finally got a twitter. Greatest golfer of all time. Real talk
Rise of Analytics: Impacting the Editorial Process?
Some board game maker should make a "NFL draft" board game... Cuz it would be a 3 day-long BORED game #football #draft #boring #isitoveryet?
In general, researchers found that most people to be happier and more relaxed during and after runs due to endorphins produced.
Every series deserves #sixseasonsandamovie - *wink, wink, nudge, nudge*
I can't wait to see the next useless John McDonald at bat today
Getting bored with everything & everyone again sigh.........
I just downgraded Colby Lewis hearing he will get the ball opening day. 1st 2 months will be tough match ups.
Off to meetings... Hope everyone has a productive day.
Spending some time focusing on how to make today great.
Have a fun Labor Day weekend! Any fun plans?
If this be true, what do you think is the primary reason a person takes a cheating partner back?
Did I just watch golf?!?! I did!! #MastersChamp congrats!!
haha ok(: and just chillin with friends playing football with my brothers and running. Wbu?(:
#20ThingsAboutMe when I get bored I brush my teeth or take a shower : )
Follow clients and 2012 is that year yal ready!?!
face when I showed him this stoopid cd. Priceless.
Woohoo! Good #casesmc chat, y'all. Thanks to for helping out with Qs/promo/discussion!
ANYONE ELSE WONDER WHY ABC #NHDEBATE IS ON A COLLEGE CAMPUS BUT HAS NOT HAD ONE QUESTION FROM A COLLEGE LEVEL
So, I'm starting to think we're in a rare periods in human history where SNL is worth watching - will someone please tell me I'm wrong?
All about my cash flow!
LMFAOOO THANK YOU BEWW, AND IMMA ASK HIM FOR ADVANCED CLASSES
Counting bikes on President St btwn Fleet & Eastern. Wave if you know you're being counted!
Pro games and Liquipedia are your friends
is someone going to throw a bottled wine drink at Copa if he doesn't see the light this time?!
"Sometimes I think you have a vagina" directed to Cole-quote of the day from Tim Mais
..."does any body like me?" says the Steak and Eggs with Fried Rice to the balanced plate. Please support a lunch plate in need of love!
friend!!! Lol what's ur name?
5/4: This Friday! CHURCH Returns to w/ Mark de Clive-Lowe + + + MORE, reserve your tix!
our cd used to be in hot topic. I would expect our new EP to be there once it releases on the label
Over 5 months I spent 75+ hours on the phone with customer service. The reward for my efforts? A bill for $300.
I like Danilo Gallinari's game a lot
Hungover #Brunch anyone?
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year
Yours truly just put up some sick numbers. Thanks. Now go listen to Tribes.
Hey BOBBY!!!! We need to talk and catch up!
Fresh batch for the Thompson family! ~ Door to door spunk guy
except that i
is coaster pass good to transfer to sprinter/breeze? Bus driver said no. Website says yes.
S/O's anyone?
Instead of being depressed by substitute parenthood, I shall attempt to be inspired. I WILL TRAIN ALL OF THE CHILDRENS.
Fairly convincing phishing e-mail purporting to be DM from someone I follow. URL it goes to was registered _today_ in China.
Okay PHEW! Thought I was gonna have to talk u in from the windy ledge or something ;)
its going great, thanks. Starting to target certain groups in sfl, and promoting current listings as well. Are u looking for sponsors?
i wish i could go back in time to yesterdays dinner :D
will do
Due to many emails from customers we now accept all credit cards without the use of PayPal. Keep the suggestions coming. Have a great night.
Excellent! Very true!
How's everyone doing this lovely Tuesday?
Watching the #Plyo disco for #Insanity....that shit looks rough
I am so entering the Zions Bank home contest (and I never enter contests!) Good idea!
Can anybody hear me ?
90% of other people singing 'sweet child o mine' = me verifying, 'i still do it best, right???'
Chilling with my buds
i tried the seattle/indians game and it worked!
This night blows
Six as a Gen. Assignment TV reporter, 4 in Madison. Thanks for your support and kindness ... means A LOT! :)
Taking a leap with this one...
which implies that she doesnt have anything.
perk's hair has its own contract.
Well it's been kind of a general failed day. Except for dance(:
RT : I love JUSTIN :-) He baffles my mind every time I see him!
I Hate Spiders With A Passion! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
And I want to know if it's killing you like it's killing me
All the people that said happy birthday to me today >>> #LoveYouGuys ;* goodnight.(:
New Shirts Coming Late October check them out.... www.SnoClothing.com
...the man. The myth. The LEGEND
HOW U WATCHING BF
I need a punching bag, ASAP. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
RT : I'm set up in the press box and we're about to get underway in the Argyle vs. Wimberly 3A DII title game.
This ballad is bout to be off the chain!
lol....dont leave out the vowels...i thought u were drunk
The conversations we hsve <<<<<<
Im working on putting an external hard drive on my DVR so i can keep more games.
Hampden needs a really good deli. Or just a deli.
beRecruited Play of the Day: When applying for financial aid, use every resource available: counselors, financial-aid office, and the Web.
yo ama get ya punk'd next year... dont say i didnt warn ya
It's been almost 2 years I havnt slept through the night-__-
ugg! y does my iphone notoriously drop the call after i've been on hold for ever?
Cant wait for kings island :)
I have a new uncle now! It's ! <3
will you be out anywhere today?
your making me starve
*hugs* Beaming strength and courage northward.
I can't wait! Awkwardness is good for the soul.
Thank me by sharing your own #RPGLessons. :D
Love it! Lol
thanks for the
follow me cause I know you want to
#Notetoself always order more sushi.
Dat feel when I have to wait 12 hours until I see Avengers...feels bad man.
Los apathy? ": Spurs have not sold out tonight's game vs the Clippers. Cheap seats hard to sell when StubHub has them cheaper."
Imagine an office where, just because one knows what typing is, one assumes that they're a professional. That's how the music business is.
Bi-location. RT : 04.06.12 - #mbchats What skill do you wish you could pick up?
I just want my parents to be proud of me again.
Want to visit this place! #TAPS #ghost hunters
now might be a good time for Buford to WAKE UP!
Watching When a Stranger Calls, I'm scared
Dog beater and killer Patrick Land sentenced to five years and four months.
Gotta take and to the airport tomorrow for their romantic weekend getaway to New York! Such a lovely couple. <U+2764>
How come on my day's off I have to look at the schedule a minimum of 3 times? Really? I don't work today?
What could be better than Akron! Am I wrong?
FREE anything at walmart! , www.downow.info watch to end, then enroll www.dowsite.info I supply 125 leads a week, my info is on the site
Austin is my prince charming <U+2665>
North Carolina voters decide on same-sex marriage ban today
Thx for the heads up. I think (hope) I fixed the problem. Srry. :)
Im gonna make MCLEAN BY my crews anthem
Good night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
MOVIE NIGHT
Oh yeah and kellie clarkson
Yes hope to see you there at
considering how the Jets played today, the Pepsi Max ad is especially unfortunate. Horrible if you want to sell the product.
RT : Why is AFL-CIO President Trumpka at the White House as often as you are Mr. President?
auto show new york..here we come
well now it sucks!
ooh neat! next month then :) it's been a while!
Please say a prayer to Corey Smyth(NFL player missing) and his family
Best show evar. :D
Gracias! It's for a report.
Computer may be infected with malware. Do a Safe Mode antivirus/antispyware scan.
I think I am more worried about unleashing Daniel on NYC than he is about leaving me alone in the house for 4 days. Poor NYC.
#RIP to Broadcasting Icon Dick Clark. Thanks for blessing us with your talents. Your legacy will live forever!
Haven't showered in a week...
Now you are!
haha I wish! I bet him and Michael deff have them tho
I love your song 'Beautiful You'. Its my new favorite song.Can you follow me back? You have an amazing voice.I love you :-)
NO way...they will be beautiful. Like a rose. I can quiz her on larping.
Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded leaked !!! Listening to it right nowww ! =]
Everybody thinks just because released Take Care he put the "lightskin team" on his back, smh at the African-American community.
Chicken Crêpe Riviera - Rotisserie Chicken with garlic, broccoli and tomatoes in a creamy pesto sauce
Make the four-eyed freak throw pitches..
So much candy so little time
very cute! That was a BIG helmet!
“: Breakfast with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>” actually no. This is awkward.
My friends have had the same problem with that application. Post on twitter if you find out why twitterberry doesn't work.
what about breaking bad?
When you stop and look around, this life is pretty amazing...
for sure! I'd also be curious what industries (I bet there is disproportionate representation)
please follow me:)
Thanks Katie! Enjoy the beautiful Saturday!
Well I'm going to bed tonight !! I'm tired of being sleepy in the morning,
Check out my Facebook page to see some pics of us at different shows.
hey Jasmine V please watch me <3 -,-
Cops closed 95 east at Valley View. Traffic is ridiculous.
BACON- yeah, we get it already. Jesus F. Christ.
In all black so u know wat that mean
i loved it
One glance at my Google+ profile, & I realize I may be more proud of those posts, almost because I post there infrequently.
Somehow, Im still stuck to you and who we were before.
thanks to for help covering Dallas twisters...always a newsman!
Tnx for the follows RTs and mentions
Reports from #Syria: All phone lines have been cut and mobile networks disabled in #Hama and
go follow! (: new account
Someone asks if storing EU Personally Identifiable Info on US servers escapes EU Directive. Nope. US servers need to "safe harbor"
Hmph. Tell it to the kids. *My* generation doesn't take electronics bigger than an iPhone to the john.
4 more days until I'm out of this hell hole they call school~
I swear if i can eat fast food everyday i would. I don't think i would get tired of it.
Another museum joining the 21st century! Tuesdays are always rather quiet, aside from the highway noise.
Hunger Games fever!!!!.Most amazing movie I've seen in days!!!! Happy Hunger Games!!!
Fuck it, it's an American Pie kind if night:))
Just got into my hotel, #LittleAmerica :)! Salt Lake City seems to be a quiet town. Need to get around and check it out!
We're starting a ~canvas crew~ handbook! It's going to beautiful AND a useful tool.
RT Is it Saturday yet?
July 4th and 5th are very uncommon...I think all the Moms wanted to finish the long holiday weekends before giving birth! :-)
Thanks for the RT. Been way too long. Hope you are doing well.
How is it not gay for a straight dude to call another dude sexy.
If i was another man with the same personality would u still love me
It will be a killer set tomorrow so put on your dance shoes!!
On another note: Our new website will be up soon!
N E one else out there like Chromeo? one of the best OK?
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle!
and first planned to split with him back in 2009
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!
Shepherd's Pie for dinner!
FOR THE WIN.
I wish I remembered what 8 hours of sleep felt like
This Friday at 7pm in the Rat - ASO Fashion Show for Growth in honor of World AIDS Day - tix are $5 in Robsham! Don't miss out!
butthole juices (ew) shouldn't mix with vaginas. I'm just saying. so, we're gonna make our buttholes kiss.
since when?
What an amazing and busy year this has been! Starting in July when I raised 18K on Kickatarter for my first solo album.
RT : Props to Michael Fletcher Jahi Chikwendiu for reporters' master class today. yay
RT : So excited to have Skype next week with our 8th graders at
The word cop came from the english term "Constable on Patrol."
My phone died for a few hours and all hell broke loose. What the hell, America?
One Haring small sculpture for sure and some Chuck Close, Alice Aycock & Alex Katz… the rest? August isn't that far off.
I hate sleeping with wet hair -______-
So beautiful! :-)
Boston Celtics: as awful as being on a cruise ship when the Titanic theme is playing. :) LAKER NATION
nice Mikey!!!
Calling all the girls wearing heels. Preferably the ones with the ass.
morning Alex, lol you just woke me up ! (:
Dawn was breaking over Washington as we arrived in the city. Fog from the Potomac had rolled in. We waited until the train emptied.
we gon go rock climbing or hiking or on a picnic n da woods or sum shit on r 1st date u hear me
LOL! You know I'm just playing with ya...
omg i just watched the new btr episode that was so good. it was so funny it keep me laughing
I got a wee bit o Irish too. Not sure if that's where it comes from, lol!
im gettin sleepy
Ah I don't know what I'm doing! hahah I can't tell who said what when I'm reading tweets..... :(
Off to get my work uniform.
Botanical abortion
why would you buy the same pair? now we're gonna look stupid.
:( why did you have a panic attack?
;) see u later! Breaking my fall
Judgment vacated! And boom goes the consumer rights lawyer.
#3WordsForYou I love you. c:
Happy Birthday Amy Winehouse
RT : Kind of journalistic equivalent of holodeck from Star Trek. "Computer, tell me about Fins game in style of Madden"
What kind of 13 yr old requests lentils and rice for her celebratory meal?
goodluck finding me :D
Playoff intensity, I love it.
Facebook needs (Paypal) lol buy Items directly from " Like Page" instead of going Link 2 Link #That'sFilthy haha
LA and Franzke talking about on the radio broadcast.
me, too - twice!
Sometimes on Sundays.
It's pretty badass how my girlfriends birthday is the day before my moms.
Loading up some tunes to help set the design mood. Gareth Emery Podcast.
Why do my cats make a point of fighting as soon as I get on a Skype conference call?
#Portland to #Maui $339/RT November through Mid February. , ,
so much suspense u play ok but really its an edge ur tense u wana understand but nothin makes sense concept or concern, regret or only learn
Turns out alligator does taste like chicken. But it was like chewing fat.
I have no Idea what's going on now
voted! Good luck bud!
Sounds like Kroger needs to call them Monday!!!
Riding round and gettin it. Lol, what's good?
Hope all is well dawg
no you don't
Jack White officially doing the score for Disney's 'The Lone Ranger'.. Awesome
What you regard as panic, the rest of us regard as tragedy and reality. People are dying! People are psychotic, etc! REAL
What exactly is a snickerdoodle, anyway?
#TheWantedInWisconsin lets welcome the boys to wisconsin :)
Slept 12 hours last night and for 6 hours during the day today. Feeling a hell of a lot better.
“: Hey I live that song RT : cali girls go !” ***love lol
everyone in my fams is a LAKER fan but this outkast of a twin of mine
Barbie isn't bright pink but it has a pretty pink shimmer that flatters most skin tones - even redheads!
Someone tumblr famous followed me c:
Just smashed tamales/rice/beans from the little stand by the gym...YUM !!!
Come on guys I reached my following limit so I need all of you to get me more followers so I can follow everyone back!
Oh man... ATX watch out!! So excited for you and us :)
The end to a 12-year relationship between #Kraft and #Starbucks... Did Kraft prove #irreparable harm for a #preliminary injunction?
Arab Proverb~ Do not stand in a place of danger trusting in miracles.
ROTFLMAO!! #Community Riot
field they are reaping, and follow them. I have ordered the men not to molest you. And when you are thirsty, go to the jars and #Torah 35/99
Operator: "9-1-1 please hold" .... Me: "Ok. Wait, stop stabbing me for a sec". ..... Murderer: "K"
wazzup with it then my nigga.
Weak Bitches
Gotta take a test at school today :/
I hadn't heard but I am not surprised. I would love to pick the tea persons brain but first I need to understand the basic.
hey thanks for the follow! this is Gerardo (lead web designer) from DiabloPC saying hi!
it's so cute when jordan tweets his collegues.
night punk
This hour and a half needs to fly by or else I'm kicking somebodys ass..
kick.push.coast.
11 years no meat. On purpose. A few Skittles here and there.
it's actually .07 you fool
Veterans Day ceremony at Riderwood
Its about to get crazy at Snake River Saloon with DJ Cyn....$1 drafts and sicks Beats starts at 9:30pm Dance Partay!! wooowooo
i didn't get to wear make up but it was all good i still think i looked nice!
Good news considering the circumstances -- House votes to extend jobless benefits and homebuyer tax credit; bill goes to President Obama.
Giving makes a difference.
We don't need no education...
Jeff Thanks for looking me up on With Eric West. I look forward to swapping travel stories. WEW
Weeping as I write about the bombing of Hiroshima. Hope alt water isn't too hard on keyboards.
I too have a suggestion-- STOP BEING
Looks yummy. Good choice Have a great birthday!
I tell people don't be upset because I don't care anymore. Be upset because I once did, but you were too blind to see it.
I turned mine in a week ago and still in recovery mode. Don't have to set an alarm for almost 4 months, though
Thanks Teen Life! We just got back from Cambodia and are getting psyched for summer in Thailand!
Wanting cookout
“: my push press today!! never really keep track of pr's...now i think i will :D” write it down!! Congrats.
EDC LAST WEEKEND WAS A BLAST!!!
I tried so hard but.. Im moving on..
Nice to have lunch with my boy John!
followed ya
Lord, he done call twice. Ima get cursed out. :-/
The cows prefer chicken to sausage. Apparently sausage biscuits remind them too much of hamburgers.
Uh...I dunno who you are, but looking at your picture tells me I should O_o
RT : Sad birth story: Laboring woman 5 cm, 5th baby - oops breech. Had urgent cesarean cuz no OB has skills to deliver...
RT : Do not add to His words lest He rebuke you and you be found a liar. Proverbs 30:6
:( we dont talk much now
That would be great. Tell me more.
I just go where the driver steers me!
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS AND HATERS LOL
's mother is in surgery. Should be a routine procedure. Prayers are welcomed. :)
1 year ago today I met Who knew he'd completely change my life? <3
Suppose to go to prom today :/
RT : Cities today consume 75 percent of the world's energy - 80 percent of GHG
just listening to music :) oh what movie? :D
A huge fire - early birds at red, white and boom - and bees buzzing a ballpark...the July 4th holiday is here! Join us at 5 on 10TV!
stop look and listen think before you act it always work for me i know it will for you too only if you apply it
The power 6 conference tourneys will be bracket ready this evening!
Spent most of the workday on twitter.
Lol, cool(: so how was global today?
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize that im not a child anymore...... I'm a teenager :-)
How can people not like Jimi Hendrix?
Thank you for the retweet Jason!
LOL! It was raining here and a bit cold. Grrr.
Set my phone alarm for 4:00 so we don't miss on NBC<3(:
Song1 : Every night, sunset to midnight, through 5/13, I gotta see this tonight!
RT RT : "Retreat, hell! We're just advancing in another direction." ~ General Paton
i love you!!!! is everything ok?!?
Yes, clearly failed to control the international supply/demand of oil.
The CST team of #professionals provides a variety of strengths to help #executives, #managers and staffs to go beyond the basics
ok, caressa, impress me.
160 cupcakes down 140 more to go !
Thanks for sharing Cara, truly inspirational!
Just filled up for $4.09/gallon.
You have to be better than everybody else by doing something both dynamic and unique.
lol I do to it's fun but i no it ain't them it's just i be bored
I saw it and yes every ATHLETE should look at his story
me dont care? if i NEVER cared I wouldnt being trying to be with you right now.
Keaton wishes he was Aliyah's future hubby
Great day at #RedDay!
Eating my now.. By myself.
When in doubt, beat it out. Hahaha.
True true
Ever so tired driving home that you squint going 70+ mph, anyway made it .. Talk ya later peace out!! Z's
It was a pretty bizarre round of golf,... Golf is such a strange game - Marshall Holman
you are Awesome!
If you ain't gettin none...
#MEMPHIS AND SURROUNDING AREAS! TELL YOUR PEOPLE TO FOLLOW US AS WE BUILD!
they need money so they can do stuff, like make an album, sell shirts and stuff, and go on tour!
I floored her
Adventure Time!!!
It updates about once an hour..... I will check to verify though if you would like.
Dodge the drops -- grab one of MItch's $1.50 all beef dogs & the warm vibes here at Foster Indy Mart -- lots to explore -- artist on site ;)
We would love to work with your media buying team! Are they out of the New York office? You guys have a great weekend!
"This November, we're going to shake up the system" Ben Ramirez I
you know, like that feeling you get after eating an entire bag of dehydrated okra chips from Ikedas market.
When does the Warped UK tour line up appear?!?!?!?!
“: S/o to for stopping by the booth for a few pics! #FashionIllustrated” no doubt!
“: #MainEvent Israel has saved more Arab and Muslim lives then All the Arab and Muslim countries combined
Sorry SLA's cafegymatorium doesn't have all those amenities.
Life is like a flower. It Is first a seed. Then a plant, then it sprouts, and then grows,but no matter what It will die.
Thanks for the love homie. Hope you can get back up to NorCal and kick it with us soon!
no I wish
Excited at the work God is doing through - nothing but blessings, brutha!!
thanks! Happy 2012 to you! :)
isn't it quite annoying DC doesn't fix that? Or in keep their traffic lights in sync? ie 10 reds in a row.
that is AWESOME. I refer to Rain as "cutie patootie" and talk to her constantly haha
I find good people like you when I watch Chris and really learn about issues. Kalamazoo College is a great school.
student quote: "failure is anything that isn't successful and is given up on" #Learn2Fail at
So cool. Hope it was a blast!
come visit us soon!
The smallest things make me :)
NIGGAS IS UP LIKE THEY GOT JOBS TO GO TO LOL
my dad needs to give me my car back. i am not taking the bus to work tomorrow.
she's out there. I promise ((:
L0L! I know, right? Epic fail from their marketing dept!
I told her, ROLL ME UP AH BLUNT TIME FOR ANOTHA CHILLIN WITH YO BITCH FUCKING WITH NO RUBBER
actually, I think you're right.
thank you for the follow!
our #capitalist values have taken over #CommonSense. How can we improve&sustain our country if we don't
Today I am a housewife. ...not counting my audition for a gun-toting pilot.
I hate being the #SideChick :/
Join me at noon for a live interview here
Will we see an iPad 3 or an iPad HD tomorrow? What are your thoughts?
Maui Brewing, Bear Republic and nachos. I like it.
Making notes on the rough cut of our film. I really like what we have, but some tweaks are definitely needed.
except for when they do.
Yes, I did. Parents had in-laws for a meal:-)
Defin of social data offered: interactions btwn individuals, user contributed data, metadata
are you quilting, hb?
Thrilled is here to vouch for our vibrant #DCtheatre community, which generates $100m into #DC economy! Et tu, ?
“: beret watch it nypd might tow it lol” let's hope not
section 2. I'm outside CC right now grabbing a beer
Fill the jails!
hate being ignored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I loved ME3 up until the ending. How did my characters that went with me, end up crashing with the normandy?
Annoyed that we were at the same show and didn't run into each other! Also did you really compare Erykah and Beyonce? Lol.
My anti-bullying video had been filmed, and is in production. Release party on December 18th in Walnut Creek, Ohio. Hope you can all make it
Conditioning washing is a myth that needs to be killed. When you see info on twitter about natural hair find out who is giving it.
Don't miss CD101 Day Side B act on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night!
Ahh so close!!!!
are these morons serious?
Had a great time at B'Con, thanks, Zoe. Hope to see you in Cleveland.
like hell. #la #Florida #Chicago #stlouis we shall be together! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
first croci of the season.
Had a blast today
NYT, 1896: "Her life was sved by the steel of her corset. The bullet struck the corset steel and caused only a trifling flesh wound."
Hey i'm In Seattle would luv 2 buy u a coffee, tea, slurppee, beer,cocktail...or sandwich haha hit me up if ur down
ha your lucky that you are tall. :)
Charlotte is coming tomorrow to clean house. Don' t want her to think i am a slob so i swept up hulls.
sometimes I breathe heavily on conference calls for my own enjoyment.
Drop it like its hot Drop it like hot(: haha i love that Sun drop commercial(;
said on this week's that Saputo should be ready. Based on my flight in this am, not so sure.
- thanks for that - I need to check Twit more often
I wanna get a new hair style.. But I love my mohawk :o
Will post on Twitter when we are ready
Good, you guys should visit!! I know... I feel bad. Down with the gelatinous tapeworm - Jericho forever!! XO
Thanks for the FollowFriday last week! Glad you like the mission behind Just Life!
ima make it a mission to meet her...it shouldn't be to hard out here
aw fun!!! It's been years since i've decorated any.
Super happy that won the primary today! These next few weeks will be the test of who truly believes in Wisconsin.
Found the weak link in the chain. This dude has got to go.
Lol at the fact that my whole family went VIP to Steve Aoki and I stayed home hahah
"Cuban pizza, cuban coffee,cuban bread,cuban toast " LOL just no. There ain't none of this in cuba.
At this exact moment, I am downloading 's new album, "Army of Mushrooms." I am the definition of excited.
LMAO! ikr! thats a one in a life time offer!
today is nice,sunny and warm,have a great sunday everyone
Look what you've done.
!!!! RT : Don't make promises you can't keep
and my book is at the 2,000,000 mark- so there's hope
Love the website!
Madison city attorney's office is smoking some sort of bad crack if they think prohibiting licensed concealed carriers on buses is legal.
Going to the NATO Summit tomorrow. This shall be interesting.
you forgot your super hero cape this morning
well have a great time at sxsw and look forward to your feedback!
Dreamchasers 2 is FIRE!!! Thank you for consistently bringing it every time
Tomorrow promises to be a very interesting day, and all I have to do is show up. I like the job with the least amount of responsibility.
This weather is awesome!
hahahhah i can't wait to go to idaho........
Hey guys! Looking forward to it and meeting new travel lovers! #tbex12 europe
you make it sound like a good thing .. haha
Interesting about the new Internet Explorer 8 Private Browsing lets users surf more anonymously. No more targeted ads?
Angels Gate Cultural Center in San Pedro has an opening this Saturday Aug 13 starting at 1:30pm. Come out for music, art, and food!
Check out PASTOR TROY @ THE LOUNGE 12045 Tullahoma Hwy TULLAHOMA, TN this Friday DEC 2nd!!! See you there!!!
very nice.
I remember when Last weekend you told me... You were over her!
#10BeautifulpeopleIfollow c; love you
article submitted. LONG WEEKEND BEGUN!!
Thanks for passing this on sir. Don't touch the plates. :)
The hardest part of acting like you don't care, is knowing how much you actually do.
haha oh your very welcome ;)
What's the verdict?
Looks like I wont be outta here till bout 2
There's a word for that - Psithurism: the sound of wind in the tress or rustling leaves. via
The impact of John 3:16 is hitting me hard right now, in tears--but they're happy tears:)
At The Wildhorse downtown :))
i ave a $24,000 plus goalIN SAVINGS to reach for b4 June 2012.I will claim this goal.
Id eat her cookie.
i think u just call the dogs
What #countertop fits your style? #Zinc, #Steel, #Copper .... The list goes on.... www.brookscustom.com
I love watching Music Choice, turning it on mute, and just reading the mindless facts.
yes it is she dident even care
in ur eyes u are. I see different. reason why I have glasses. anyways I'm here mate. ur average lennon ((*J*))
So you're telling me there's not a Long John Silver’s within 1,000 miles of here?! That's HORSESHIT!
The skin under my eyes is starting to look like Hugh heifner's balls
How does GOP congressmen defend their attacks on students and working folk? Those not millionaires don't make that much.189c
word. - real gym recos?!
I keep having to put out fires when I just want to go grab some GD lunch.
you are precious
Thanks I've been eating at Henry's for 20 yrs, and I plan on eating there for 20 more if it means I have to run it myself!
Thx!! So happy to see you! RT Even the shortest nights are the best nights with congrats on the new job girlfriend!
"600 million: All plants which utilize C3 photosynthesis (~99 percent of species) will die." Crazy predictions.
Bruno says hes gay on Chicago radio! Fans say it don't matter cause hes still a great musician! Im listening to him right now!
LOL!!! Good name! :) How's your Sunday going?
Death by Dairy! Dairy is a friend of mine, but did you know there are healthier ways to consume calcium, protein and vitamin D? Stay tuned!
Had a long day. Coming home all the way from alliante. Exhausted!
good morning Austin ;D
No puddles deep enough. Live to fight another day.
#iReallyHateWhenPeople like comment on a replay by just saying exactly what happened. "He wrote that tweet, then he hit tweet!"
TWOSDAY at the Buddha! Two for one piercings by Chris ALL DAY!
...The fact that there is no official inspection station, just ghetto ass tire places that SAY THEY ARE OPEN AND THEN CLOSE AT WHIM....
Sometimes I'm scared to fall in love.
Talk To Me Twitterr ! Need Some More Mentionss And Followerss :D .
Users' emotional responses to different versions of design.
Thanks for stopping last night! Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
Many of you love tweeting about drinking... Well tonight you WILL see me slurring. I'm on air and drinking whiskey. @ zenlive.tv
well someones icon is hot:)<U+2665>
# Shout Out To Ya.
Put it another way, I've dramatically changed from always going with the flow to learning how to build a dam.
US close: Fed minutes dampen spirits
couldn't have picked a more gorgeous woman for the cover!
Hmm...I'm not seeing a problem. What sort of issue are you having?
Good morning! Going to be a great week..
RT“: Live life fearlessly. Yes, you may be putting everything on the line. Yes, accidents and mistakes will happen.”
Agreed on both counts
cool cool. I can dig that. And I'm guessing the other depends on how well the dates going:)
I can't. Oh my God. This video just has so much stuff in too little time and I'm like choking on air right now.
Saw preview performance of "Tenderloin" by Theater & was fairly blown away. Very moving & well-crafted. The actors are amazing!
precise is also available for an interview.
We are @ the Jet To Jetty 5k on Dockweiler Beach in Playa Del Rey! Come see us!!!
as a human rights lawyer next to me discusses his new iPhone i wish he'd be more ashamed about it. and i would feel more confident saying so
I'd make it even easier and be DJ Lady GraGra!
next time you're in San Fran let me know...next time I'm in Venezuela I'll let you know...get after it
Thinking about joining Valor, how bout ya'll?
Sunglasses allow me to people watch and appear infinitely less creepy
I know that..am on it
Looking for PR and Marketing companies without creative department. The Oh Group is looking for joint ventures to expand our capabilities.
#skyrim lesson 12: peasants are not flame retardant
Celebrate your Mom this Sunday at Currant .... reservations are still available..
Ha! RT : Thats what Im talking about, ! Doritos baby was good looking too.
This week is going to be awesome. Getting out at 1 from school, going to a club with my cousin, and hanging out with my friends. So excited!
fancy shmancy - I'll touch base when I have the extra funds to throw around.. hopefully soon :)
Get chiefs fans, two step plan to rescue your season : 1. Throw to Bowe 2. Repeat step 1 every play
& you call yourself my little sister
Busy day for the RR Organ Trio: Playing Reston then hittin 8 & 10! Original tunes & modern standards
Check out our new WEBSITE: www.hotelvq.com! It's still in the works but we're on our way. More revealing to come!
ALISON VAN DIGGELEN: GM CEO Dan Akerson: On Chevy Volt Future and Climate Change (null)
Why is it an either/or? I'd prefer neither!
Leslie Knope should be elected president of the universe tbh
Stuck in a rut, 20 sleepless hour filled days.. Goodnite
can you put your FB charts online somewhere..
hun, what's the point of getting married for a cuddle buddy? lmfaoo
This night feels good doe lets keep it goin.:-)
Morning workout coming up!! Can't wait!!
Woot! Thanks! RT : No. Torchwood has almost nothing to do with DW other than having Jack in it.
: I love the songs of the Civil Rights Movement playlist. I almost got choked up on the drive home.
Just tried an "Irish Pancake" for the first time. Very yummy.
hi Niall how was your morning :D
its great having two social media pros in the #PNDC office ! (don't worry, I won't call you ninjas)
A few minutes ago, my Facebook account was down. Um when was the last time THAT happened.......????
Agree about leftovers (love easy cooking nichts). Part of our meal today was leftovers.. & just as good second time around!!
glad you agree :)
#sxswi #whedon re: final cut if Avengers "I get over my experience of making it & get into the audience experience of seeing it"
amazon cloud player. pretty sweet. threw some music in at home, and now listening at work. iphone safari not supported though.
Dang shaq that chicken ain't going nowhere
it'll take a while, after his mantadory arrest as a part of the Bengals organization, idk how long Goodell will suspend him...
"Thank God I won't have to roofie anyone tonight, OSU and MSU really knocked a chunk out of my supply..." -Brett Bielema post-game interview
Hi KH All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Agreed! Looking forward to another meetup soon!
hell no
Wow what a Hot day It was today
The Lumia 900 has grown on me since playing with one at #sxsw, unfortunately I'm nowhere near an upgrade. Go unsubsidized?
Too bad this is gonna be such a stressful weekend=/
congrats...I'm an aunt as well!
so I'm walking nd I see santa drivint -_-
Metro delays, ugh . Sitting outside ny ave forever now.
how's it going? (;
haha very nice. But how exciting!!! Party it up :)
you're welcome, what a great story (I can't dance either :)
Feel bad for and but good for Marty Brodeur
Follow my on instagram
Suzanne is the name, breaking vending machines is my game
Is contemplating the name for a new blog about things to do in Central Texas.
How are you fairing in London town?
perhaps :p lol let me know when.
Why is it soo effin hot outside!?!
Almost lunch
Cup o noodles for the soul.
hey! sorry to get back to you so late. very soon!
Excellent news! Good job, I'm happy for you!! Keep up the good work ane enjoy your swim!
well, going home for the night, to sleep all alone again. God, its like I have no time for a social life anymore
This place is packed as 's song "One Hour 2 Live" blast thru the speakers. Standing O!
yes. 13yrs ago :)
Who wants to talk on the phone untill i fall asleep (: ?
Sending love inspiration good karma and pure POWER to and all my #hawkers! GO FOR THE GOLD!!!
Seriously, dolphins are the worst. Sharks are just hungry. Dolphins are sociopaths.
the book or is there a movie out now? I loved the book - but read it when I was 22.
Childish Gambino if u havnt heared #heartbeat then u got no heart!!
I'm joining in Buenos Aires. I'm heading there tomorrow night and will see you there!
One can only hope. I like that the recruits are sounding a theme of regional unity, that our kids can win a championship.
Great bites and beer , now off to drink #Burgundy!
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
my mom is going crazy again over the game :)
African American Student Services welcome back barbecue is happening now 'til 7 p.m., #UNM Mesa Vista Hall courtyard
And I've told her that upsets my wife :/ RT : yes please. I'm having trouble not drunkenly texting someone I love them.
YOU BITCHES DONT WANT IT...
The best people are the better friends
Paintin they own pictures then they crop me in . . But I will remain where the top begins <33 :D
I think to expect any type of production for B.R. ever again is optimistic. It'd be great...
I think mal does hahaa
thanks for the plug!!
that'd be a safe bet, B...I have no money for bail either so if you hear about a jail break...yeah it's ninja and C.
look at how much batman sold in the weekend
Down at today. Miss this place.
Old Hard Drive =
Tonight is Ladies Night at Crackers! Ladies in FREE! Get your laugh on with in Broad Ripple, 317-255-4211
Hey I've been in that place before. a.k.a.
end of 1st half Syracuse still leads 2-0. Bulls need a spark offensively, let's go! #IBeliveThatWeWillWin!
hard to find costumes that make me look shorter, and can't pull off his scream. Other than that, good idea
Neat idea for people to customize their profile!
Sometimes I feel like I'm still in "when I grow up I wanna be..." mode. Then I hear a song from my teen years on the "oldies" station. Oh.
Go on
very blessed!:) thank u!:)
Thank you Jesus!!!
Demi Is Our Flawless Queen. <3 - Dear Demi, you're amazing in every single way. Keep that beautiful smile on your face. <3
I love that quote!
When u get your hopes up, REALITY kicks you right back on your ass..... I hate that Bitch.
#Packers Amazing how in a garbage game Denver won't bring out #Tebow. What is John Fox trying to prove. At least give Broncos fans some PR.
Taper fade underrated
You Gotta Act Like A <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083> And Think Like A <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6>!!!
Good Morning! Hope you are well, How is your hubby? Doing ok, I hope! Have a very #blessed day!
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
Sick wid it!!!
I'm at Panda Express (8140 N Cortaro Rd, Arizona Pavilions, Tucson).
Researcher accidentally discloses unpatched Oracle database vulnerability
IG I CAN'T TALK TO
*stroking my chin* So I have. Perhaps, I will leave them in place. Serve as a reminder of who's Pushy Girl you are.
: read previous tweet
Kentucky better play some D
If you're traveling in and out of Toronto, YYZ is in no way representative of the rest of Canada (in many ways)
The preview of Turn To You is amazing like omg <3
Is the misc. $5 fee on my Sprint for bomb insurance? Because my phone is blowing up!
Wade had a bad game and they a two man team without Bosh
I just learned how to use twitter. lol and I have been on her for a year or so.
Our guys helped with Inviso today, and now we're escorting our prospective students to dinner in Times Square and then to a Broadway show.
the dream team! if they don't win the super bowl that's a dissapointment for philly I'll say that much!
I love my followers !!
Tomorrow is Ashley's wine club. Theater on the roof at dusk. Lots of fun tomorrow. Come hang with creative fun people.
thank fucking god. BUT IM ON A DIET
I agree....2,399 the other night was pathetic!
knocking it out of the park on #AOTS the bleep button guy is getting a workout.
Brilliant violin recital by Anthony Chau
Interesting fb survey...curious to know the type and number of museums that posted fb survey on their pages
lets do it...
Avery Bradley is a scrub i swear he been wit the. CELTICS for 2 years just getting pt smh
ONE TRAILER TO RULE THEM ALL. Also, don't know if you know this, but I LOSE my MIND when I see mini ponies, of which one appears at :29. AHH
Nice comeback win for the the Nets over Golden State. Trailed by 19, D Will logs 20 dimes. Nice comeback.
THEY ALL LOOKED SO FUCKABLE WHEN THEY WERE SITTING THERE. UNF.
Some chick just dared me to grab her ass so I did. She squealed and slapped me very lightly so that was fun.
Full house at MPS meeting to address violence, 4 students killed by gunfire since Dec. 28th.
<U+0093>Even if you<U+0092>re on the right track, you<U+0092>ll get run over if you just sit there<U+0094> - Will Rogers
Have fun tonight!
For me, it depends on the goal. E.g. a student behavior could change (for better or worse), but does # matter?
can the cowboys pull it off....oh hell naw
my muscles are so big... m im creaming my own pants for how sexy my muscles are
picking Jesse was wrong. The three they let go were amazing
Smell of old people is like morning breath
I can't wait for your new music!!(: <33
Thx for being our 2000th follower! We're very excited/afraid for your tweets!
Nope, not yet, lol.
YES , WAIT AND WAIT FOR THE NEW SIGNLE OF pLEASE ALREADY PREMIERE THE NEW VIDEO MARRY THE nighT i lOve GagA<U+2665><U+2665><U+266B><U+266B> !"!$/b
right now Kentucky, Kansas, MSU, and OSU. It may change.
omg. What happened? :/
I bet is dying... Leona Lewis just tweeted about their album!
Hi Pam, sorry for the confusion. I was referring to you being a Texan and Tuscan. I'm only a Texan living in Austin.
If you live to be one hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you. -Pooh
High school girls on train behind me made up a song goes like 'so happy to be alive and be on a train!'
ANGIE CARPENTER, GOP Suffolk County Exec candidate on the EVERYTHING LIDIA RADIO SHOW tonight :30pm WGBB 1240am or on www.am1240wgbb.com
I Love You Girl:)
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer6
Thanks for fucking me over. I need a drink.
no I was making fun of a very popular spam that gets tweeted telling u that and then u go 2 the site 2 c and its a scam 4 iPads
Listening to in preparation for tonight's concert!
ever drive by the entenmann's factory in long island in the middle of the night, ? it's the most incredible smell ever.
-- I have no clue of Tex's illness level ... but yes, he's a good buy-low option.
RT : We need another Stevie Wonder.
what's evoke's biggest challenge re adoption/use?
Giving Up Is An Easy Way Out.
Congratulations to Fractal Pterodactyl for winning #NorthCountyBoB. Super talented and great guys, too.
long blondes, I never knew thee before you broke up. so sad. giddy atmosphere is an absurdly catchy song.
We up & at em #FLYHIGH even tho that rain in the way
Thank you. Tell everyone about us.
imma do everything thats in my power to get tickets to Justins concert when he comes to Boston i missed his last concert here and im ...
is there a way I can jailbreak my iPhone 3GS 4.3 without tethering it each time I shut it off? Plz help me
The Marlins have made "substantial offers" to both Albert Pujols and Jose Reyes
Downloading new version of steam
lmao I see that guy all the time too!
HAHAHAHA why am I always the one that gets a whole pitcher of water from the servers at restaurants???
Listening to stone speak at
yeah! Lol And since he usually reads them all. He'll probably follow! <3 & no problem! (:
Holy fuck. That was a great come back. Why didn't i think of that....
Thanks for the RT!
Dont try toforget the past!!!!! Someday it mite come back and hut the most...
I thank #mlb.tv for allowing me to watch baseball while working. I also thank Kerry Wood for letting the #cardinals to come back.
twitters rated E for Everyone (:
Celebrating the life and music of Artie Shaw on his birthday!
Shouldve Dropped Me Along Time Ago
Because of the snow in Dallas Aaron Rodgers will be practicing so close to me. Will have to go see!
Will there be a polyamory room at the next ?
Thanks. Hope someone can make good use of em
Do you know which interview ? (if it actually happened haha)
What's good! Have U heard the records we did on 2Pac?
“A man’s got to do what a man’s got to do
This sore throat is starting to piss me off<U+E409><U+E409><U+E409>
I wish Starbucks was a 24 hour place.
UGGHHHH! -____- hey, I cut my hair super short :D
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing.
Everybody's watching hockey, me and are too worried bout the draft
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 5
good night!
RT : I have a date with you guys on Saturday...as well as some birthday money...//sounds good to us!
Just when you think you know someone... YOU DON'T.
#NetDE Congrats, ! *confetti*
I am so excited to be apart of USC's The SCoop again! Yay!
If your relationship has more issues than your magazine, you need to cancel your subscription.
2 more exams then free at last!.. for about a week. I hope the gov't doesn't read my dissent in my His of Lat Am essays and take me away.
Seeing someone on my TL who I don't want to see <<
Join us tonight as we talk about God's pursuit of you!
At drama! Performing in one week from today!! :D
Going off the grid for LOST finale. (go hawks)
Most embarrassing moment of my life
No work lost obviously, just disruptive to my environment when I had four Coda windows open and only intended to close a single file.
Friday mornings are the best:}
If less than 50% of ALA accredited schools have recognized archives programs, is it *really* a useful metric for archives job searches?
Pro tip: When asked at an AA meeting how you hit your bottom, don't say, "Usually with my bare hand."
They just went out of season - they are definitely a winter fruit. I love them and the Cara Cara navels.
Using the free Jing (so only 5 min vids, but that limit has been good), and paying for a pro screencast dot com acct to host vids
": Very excited 4 my girl ! She's taping her pilot Malibu Country tonight! Go Red!!!" Can't wait to see it!
Best section heading ever: "A Brief Socio-Historical Overview of Loathing"
CHEATING: is played out.... if you wanna fuck around, just be single dont put people feelings into something that Aint real!!!
Some ppl crack me up...hahahahaha...How are u gonna get mad bcuz I told u no....smh
do u have a contact for that showcase in Tulsa?
Sleeping with my socks on. Night
my fricken cousin just wrestled me over this thing and hes bein soo mean!!:(
Plan yr menu this wk around fresh harvest fr Marion St. #Garden - chives, oregano, tarragon, parsley-all at the kids' market stand tmrw 5-7
boned for this science test
Did I hear right, ? You really have #Purdue over #Kansas? #ImRonBurgandy?
yup exactly
Oh thats sick! You guys should totally come catch us April 1st!
awww it'll be okay :) pray.
Listening to the new Pennywise All or Nothing album w/ Zoli Teglas. Revolution.
initial penalty over, still on powerplay for 1:40
while I agree, I feel like he'd want to change first, no blemishes. Feel like he showers 4-5 x per day...
hey bud! Looking forward to better #pics!
sorry to be so long in responding! the book sounds great and the research super interesting. i've never written historical.
wheres all the fuckin naked chicks
"Goals are nothing more than dreams with deadlines"
What's the point in making a movie nobody wants to watch? Maybe you should put a little more into starting with a good script.
Always and forever!
So apparently the #StanleyCup is up for grabs
.material the reading from learn i what of because out me freaks cancer oropharyngeal about job editing copy a
RT : It's Groundhog Day! If you had to repeat the same museum visit every day, which museum would you choose?
Quick reminder all: 8am and 7pm classes are now ON at ADAPT!
shout out to for getting me involved in the mixtape!
sorry, no current plans to open in Chicago! Manteno is nice drive!! ;)
You'd think after living with Optimus Prime for so long and being the son of Indiana Jones Shia LaBeouf would be a better fighter
NICE! My day is now complete...
Check out my new blog...www.KissandIM.com
Love how the fans booed Jason Smith when he was about to shoot. Loved even more that he made it!
We'll be serving our Roasted Coconut Cream Cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Paired with Mango Ice Cream. Yum!
yes, for real. invite sammy lee and others! lol. Old crew only though. ha. ohh yes. a hot date to the open house.
Very much so.
Is as good with a hammer as she is with restaurant puffery?
please do
And follow Thanks!!!
Im always fucking later to everything I hater da shit
Big thanks to everyone who downloaded a copy!
You guys, I'm a sucker for cheesy pickup lines.
I want burger king
breakfast risotto with sweet sausage and a fried egg...what time will you be here?
Dont put no fuckin flowers on my grave when im dead! I need u NOW!
Michael Jackson 1988 Bad Tour @ LA Memorial Sports Arena. I was 8! RT What was the first concert you went to, & how old were you?
Do you have a number and extension to call? The issues w/ customer serv is getting worse.
you should be! i mean YOU SHOULD BE!! lol they make us smile!
I'd love to have a son that turns out just like you cause there wouldn't be a better son in the world to me. <3 ;)
Hahaha. Billy Joel. Actually my mom came up with the name.
I have a meeting this morning that may change my life forever! Please pray for me!
So I had to get drunk by myself smh
rt RAW510: Photo: Hanna Ashcraft, Unearthed, April 7th, 2011 featured model. Click the photo to learn more about Hanna... http://
no I mean it made me laugh! Lol omg
Baking banana bread and waiting for the rain. Almost the perfect night.
Last class of the day geometry hate yo class.
So true! “: All is right in the world. 4 in a row! Go Green!”
Hunger Games tonight! Who's stoked?
I had no idea! That will not come between me and the mcrib though!
thanks Denise today, 11am part of demand side roadshow
Remember, February 9th is the A New Breed tour w/ and at ! We've got tickets for only $10!
I'm good bro how about you?
Also very sad. RT : Random thought: It is a little weird that it took Josh Beckett to make people in Boston truly appreciate KG.
why do you own an ipad?
Looking forward to being at your company's HQ next week representing to talk about the IBM Alliance.
People just don't want the gov't spending money right now. RT : bond questions are only very narrow approval if a all.
I realize too that by calling it "Game of Thrones" instead of "A Song of Ice & Fire," I've revealed myself as a Poser Geek.
OMG ANITA BAKER WROTE TO ME ON TWITTER!!! FOLLOWING U NOW GIRL!
Pressing Record
local twitter followers- i want to host paleo dinner in may, anyone wanna connect in the "real world"?! id love to meet you!
Go to our facebook page for an important announcement! facebook.com/allurae
I dislike bad bitches with bad breath
Sounds like sexy and talented Katy really burns one in your arse. Too bad she doesn't even know you exist.
I think they will drop but possibly still make the playoffs. Even if they don't they still get a draft pick to help rebuild.
Monica girl....I blessed that ASS
#NHLHungerGames The Penguins are Catching Fire!
I know!! let me know when you're not busy like next weekend or something!
Feel like shit again... What else is new?
For what it's worth, that throws me off, too. And I'm sighted.
I feel ya bruuh.
Oh my God, that's what I'm calling that man from now on. #Kobey. That sh*t was unintentionally priceless.
Beautiful daytime adventures and activities with ?! Down.
Shoot Out Gang Produce By Gudda Slay -Turn Up Gang Produce By Me An Young Faddie Live Performance on May 10th - come fuck wit us Gudda
nuttin........ juss chillen. =} Im at the salon. just got in
Looking forward to it! RT : Coming to the workshop at #mla12 on Thursday? Introduce yourself on Twitter first!
I love how when you tell the post office that your package is fragile, the next thing they do is slam a heavy stamp all over it
Thank you New York. Tonight was a lot of fun.
#MyLastWishFor2011 is to meet !!!!!!
When? That's all I have to say anymore, When?
thanks! And yah i did
Newton crew out for a run that just "happened" to go by one of the most famous bars in Boston!
I've never seen it :/
is Lisa ok?
Any word on the sale of the Elks' building?
come to the burbs ;)
k. Thanks.
RT : He Wants To Get An Iguana, Oh No. < I own 8 pythons snakes so that nuffin
I loved the entire 2nd floor as their exhibits. I do wish I could've seen remedios varo.
Rawr! DIY Party animal candle holders from Jenny on Sugar & Cloth today. (I really like a good reason to tweet "rawr!")
Alan satterfield on these tracks should be the final piece of the puzzle. Time to put it together like the artistic genius I am
Monday and Tuesday I'm in the studio
hey Melissa, hope u had a great day, love u and good night!!!
i followed::)
Why lie?
Good morning...up having coffee watching the beautiful sun rise <3 <3
Thanks to current MBA students Logan Tinder & Tim Boykin for referring very strong prospective students to us recently. Keep 'em coming!
Working here, but we have Insight. I think ISP makes a difference with ESPN3.
Only 1 more day till
Life is a game for me. I have to learn the rules of the game and then I have to play better than anyone else.
any chance you'll be in raimi's poltergeist remake?
Forgot my ipod, so I popped Glendenning's cd in my car. Thanks .. I had forgotten about it
Isn't that a crazy story?
I LOVE how DH ended!
Metal Dungeon feat. Warn Defever, Dion Fischer, Wade Kergan; Monster Island feat. Defever, Jamie Easter, Matt Smith & Cary Loren.
you got the iPad!?
There's always those words that when said to you, hurt.
Check out SD Home Garden's food/restaurant/recipe alliance with KUSI TV, plus SDHG's active facebook and webpage coverage of TASTY!
All The Way!!
I love my ethiopian girls
I'm 23 and it's my second time doing jury duty. Everyone else here is 40+. So I suppose this is my punishment for voting.
<U+2665>ILove you Mi Love<U+2665>
Best Wishes. Your gonna do GREAT!!!
bought the CUTEST underwear today. now I just need someone to wear them for <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Oh, thank you--me too! Haven't chosen an apartment yet, so feeling a bit nervous. The Universe Will Provide!
TEAM SLUT FER LYK. ~~~
??? I thought you already had a blog?
"you don't seem like you were homeschooled" omg best compliment ever!
why the ouch????
HaHaHaHa Those are far from dead
tell Binny that i hope he has a happy birthday!
on my to the national archives
When I'm on a mission, I rebuke my condition. But if you're a strong female, then you don't need permission.
how long is yours?
I just hope he's either a) washed up a bit, or b) goes to the Afc.
if anyone has ideological interleaving filter for BBEdit plz hit me up thnx
Is it just me or on the west coast is it just popular culture to run away from home at 18 and get immersed in Vegas..
#iwishtheywouldbringback Fresh Prince
$6 pizzas $10 pitchers at Brewsky's tonight. You know your mouths & livers are watering. Games are at 6:15!!!
hey , i just bought us monthly passes to Tallywhacker World.our discount is 20% for being Florida residents
I LOVE THE WHITE STUFF YO PUSSY LEAVE BEHIND
Didn't feel like going out for 3 miles today; thankfully invited me out. Taft came along too. He went faster than us
Hope we get a chance to talk tomorrow. We are staying here in Chinatown and it is nice. Looking forward to seeing the game.
Its been a long night, but its ending on a good note
Boosie made songs that have the same lyrics like every rapper out but they want to pick him because he didn't want to kiss azz for Fame DF
ANN! Email me the details. You know I'll take care of you.
ill let u love me(: <3 iloveyou and it would make me sosososo happy if u would follow me!
get off my sister case
Hell yahh, dad makin me breakfast!! Some bacon, peach pancakes, nd coffee!!!
Requirements: *Must be 18 yrs or older/have dance experience/reliable transportation/ available for weekly practices & games/valid I.D!! <3
They are incapable of thinking logically.
The planet lost a bright light 8/18./09. Pastor Tony Arias from Las Vegas died in a bike accident. Pray for his family.
RT RT I don't think its possible for 2 men to have a kid
Scratched myself with my keys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
SHE IS SO FINE TO ME.
Picking the parents up from the airport in a lil bit. I tried and tried but could not convince them to fly into Burbank. Sons of bitches.
So, Chicago has chick-fil-a now. I think Champaign was the furthest north it got when I was living there. Me, I'm a Zaxby's guy.
RT : Two words for turbocharged romance: face massage. You'll feel awkward giving it at first, but your spouse WILL LOVE...
Oops I meant reminded...
Today For the Last Air Up There we Having a Sale for the Dopiest Concert Series Ever #TAUT; DON'T SLEEP
i sure did!
“: Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.”
haha, yeeph. if follow me i'll be the happiest girl in the world :D <U+2665>
"The proxy server did not receive a timely response from the upstream server." Well, isn't that lovely. Thanks
Lol! Just like me Nick! Always keeping it REAL!
yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift , that's why its called the present.
Me and my big brother just had a pillow fight and we was play fighting lol he gone be pressing snooze in the morning
me too
no noo lol:p i didnt mean it in a mean way!:p
too many good things going for that Under
Go husband! RT Done. 5th overall. Qualified for worlds. Dropped a world champ and lost to a natl champ.
very nice photo still no Dan sun in pdx lol
One Direction Giveaway! One Direction Giveaway! One Direction Giveaway! If I Won this it would seriously be a Dream come true!
My head hurts so bad... :/
": I salvaged our friendship.He was close to losing me"<-- good now vote for me for the MLL All-Star game
plug because I cant afford to be living by myself in this screwed country we live in I wouldn't have the knowledge-
Preparing for 3 GREAT EVENTS !
Its A New Day and Im glad for change
Omg she would!!!
I want to be on #biggestloser so bad, or maybe I just want to hang out on the ranch for a while.
lakers vs. pacers in the finals
My ticket found a loving new owner thanks for playing!!
Thank you !
OMG I LOVED THAT. MIKEY NEEDS TO BE ON THE NEXT ONE.
Doing the same. I've almost dumped all of my non-scorers now. Should see some upside soon.
I wonder how many high school girls got impregnated this weekend due to poor life decisions
how many times have you tweeted that link?
Just posted part 3 so go read it !
How do you kindly tell someone that their areola is showing?
just got out of work now waiting for class to start
Thank You!
the heat is HIS team
your tweets.......omg <333
thanks again for including us in on Tylers special day! I'm sure you guys are tired. We need to get together more often.
I'm awake
Testament to aforementioned miracle, we are in DC for a Loft session at Sirius. They play, I tweet and crossword.
sorry to hear buddy. Hope you get well soon.
She died. You have no current evidence to back her statement up.
and thank you :-D much appreciated.
increasingly I don't. But attention to no humans and discrete entities is important to me.
Sounds like a nice & spicy birthday present! :) Our guests are enjoying having Boh on tap in our new Baltimore location!
just made wings that melted my brain. you know the kind that make you feel like you're on fire an hour after you're done? yeah, that kind.
Back in the days it was the shit to smoke cigarettes & now days its weed, wtf are ppl gonna be smoking in the feature....
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers? (:
"it's an uncapped year". Then next year comes, "just kidding"
OMG is one of my fav. ppl on twitter, he is so funny, well thats kinda it wow im board
lol Dyker is awesome, we got so many fields to play baseball.
I really hope it all works out for you bud, you deserve some happiness. Hell we all do!
So I salute the #Fringe fans & all passionate fans who watch live. Without them, you wouldn't have anything cool to watch on your DVR.
ive been to San Antonio TWICE but never knew about you and alex at that time. ): *tear*
Enjoy your Friday everyone!!!
please allow us to direct message you our corporate headquarters information to resolve this asap.
what up Matt?
“you can’t just reprogram yourself: what you want, who you are—your purpose in life-it is what it is”. kick-ass My Life It is what it is
It's been different being on this side of casting table! Today we have Billy submissions! #HearMeWhisper a full week of amazing talent!!
no more fast food until the 13th.Eat less fast food is my resolution.
Borrowed "Healing the New Childhood Epidemics: Autism ADHD Asthma and Allergies" from a wonderful mom with an #autistic child. Interesting.
I watch the show religiously but I'm now certain the only thing I find remotely amusing about it is the protagonist's name.
I heard it was great. Can't wait to go.
hey Ms Thang what going on with you.. are you prego?
Nothin' but a G-string ;)
I'll be out there, not at bamboozle though lol
Nice! Try and see if you can find one of our Composers, Noam Faingold, he's currently getting his PHD @ Kings College.
Perfect night for ice skating @ Rockefeller Center...hadn't been on my skates in years! So much fun w/
Just read this on #Facebook: "Yoga pants=God's gift to man."
True. Hard to choose! But I do think AZ & KS stand out for the honors
Holy schnikeys, I haven't actually watched a game recently. is sporting some serious lettuce up top
Early AM flight + 18 month old who doesn't want to sleep = running on empty today. Caffeine & workout got the body going but not the brain.
We had the flight. $7 for 4 tasters - yes please! Tons of beer to buy and dapper hosts. Yes please!
Zach can dunk?
HEY HEY!! lol i just made myself a twitter, not sure y though XD i was bored
You know I was in sunny beach land & (mostly) off the grid when you told me bout Nestle. Glad it was helpful!!
Snicker RT : Taco Bell is announcing a new promotion: If the Blazers break 75 each fan gets a free dollop of nacho cheese sauce
Happy Valentine's Day
hope you rubbed it in ;) Congrats!!!!
lol at the end of that tweet. have a good time!
Rise & shine tweeps. Today is a great day for goal conquering achieving action!:-) #LetsGo!
New business: Stone Cold Cremation
Yes, I have over-the-air digital antennas and converter boxes. I can take just about any old TV and get a bunch of channels on it.
American Idol and Papa Johns pizza with
you did an excellent job, I'd say.
did a wonderful job on this shoot. GrantedAccessFilms.com
print your shit so i can go with you
#NowPlaying – Stefano Noferini – Sable Sheep - Paint in my Fur
Fine Goat
Happy B-day you.
Insanity salsa and walked the dogs!!!! Maybe another salsa dance later #gettinit!
I love brandon at 3 but no rose!?
does anybody have any Moose Munch?
I am just totally speechless. probably is laughing as well
Audition for Ash in Chicago tonight, then off to University of Wisconsin for her performance!
(3/3) 8) The Treasury Department & The Commerce Department. 9) The Martin Luther King, Jr. monument. 10) All of the Good people I know.
Definitely. Happen to have your deck published online yet?
Thanks for the ReTweet! I appreciate it. www.timhovde.com
Yesterday was a great day! Now back to the grind.
Congrats to for graduating a year early! You are a great player, student, and person! Thanks for being a
Im watching that too!! :) hahahaha
Power out ? don't worry Call Dowdy Electric Co. for all of your wiring and Generator needs ! Same Day Service. 317.24POWER
Ha not even there but clearly the case MT Amt tweeting by journos proportionate to amt idle time encountered. See
I am much more apt to nod in a friendly manner to strangers if they have nice facial hair
Blink 182 will never get old.
You guys enjoying my singing? Aren't I amazing?!?!
Wish I could make even more now. Have fun.
It's Friday! Last day of #BEASTMODE!! Happy Friday:)
what's wrong with me :(
we really might have one you want! let us know if we can help get you registered asap :)
Give yourself a Hi-5 if you made it down for last night. Give yourself a Hi-10 if you be here for Todd Bryant Band tonight!
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 24 Washington Redskins 29 Final #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
OMG KITTY IN THE LIBRARY! YAYS! (Cute shoes, by the way.)
": once again, Warriors can't even put up a final shot to give them a chance to win or lose." Meh ;( So sad.
You can't make everyone happy, so I will only settle to make my close friends and family happy....GOOD MORNING!!
My prayers go to Trampus Haskvites :(
we were just talking about how we all couldn't wait to see Kate Winslet's boobs in 5th grade.
thank you so much. turtle backpack spin!!!
Iggy is so damn pretty .
Albuquerque October 8-10 at the Hard Rock check www.rocktheink.net for more info!
#WhatIMissMost My room
#NWS has downgraded today's high from 98 to 97. That's a relief! I was worried for a minute there.
She brews a proper cup of coffee in her copper coffee pot :)
Cakes are a chillin'...now time to enjoy this gorgeous day!
I wantwantwantwant google wave. Help? I'll buy coffee, but you might have to hop a flight to Ist for it.
Kobe Bryant can't be feeling any better now. He's in the game with 10 minutes left and the Nuggets leading the Lakers by26.
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
not a lot just trying to get into a makeup program at the AVEDA school here!
Ugggg still raining!!!!
no just lying in bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Babe's house. <U+263A><U+2665>
Hope, hope, hope within 2 weeks. Problem is apt. I want is not available for viewing yet. I've paid deposit but haven't seen LOL!
“: Multiple sources, including one inside UT football program, told me today Mack Brown will likely be forced out at Texas”
some good points but glaring voids as well. Human and civil rights are non negotiate-able as far as I am concerned.
Oh, COME ON! If your parents earnestly christen you "Dick Luger", can you not EVENTUALLY anticipate that things might go a TAD awry??
Iron Works is nice, but County Line is the real deal.
b.c I got suspended for a.dumb ass fuckin reason
So excited though for a computer with an i7 processor and discrete graphics. I'll actually not have to do all my editing on my iphone.
One of my meds decreases my appetite, the other says a side effect is weight gain. Wtf...i can't catch a break.
sop://broker.sopcast.com:3912/24267 copy and paste that in sop cast....hope that helps!!!!!
Turkey Day humor! Question: y did the band let the turkey join>>??? Aanswer: Cuz he had drumsticks! LOL!!!!!!!!!!!
Creeping up on 5am, still working away in the studio. This is exactly what I wanted :)
I just wanted to tell all of you followers how much I appreciate you. :) Thanks for the love.
hi what up?
I'm good, I was sleeping when you tweeted me! haha
I definitely don't want Mr.Wrong, Been there done that.... Please give me Mr.Right!
T Woods and a Saturday afternoon nap... Does it get any better than that homie!?
Hello my fellow Savvy-ite!
Congrats! Nice racing this weekend!
thanks for the follow. Deep admiration for you being champions of ending
What's the latest numbers for my favorite candidate Eileen? :)
End of Summer ALL WHITE PARTY happening at CRUSH this Saturday from 10pm-2pm! Music by DJ Steve Thomas - don't miss the party of the year!
I haven't, but I'll admit that I get a little frustrated when almost every Pakistani recommends one of the same three places
She OC !!!! What she Talkinn about ?
Still having issues with z-index, Flash & wmode. Somebody please help me.
Thx! MT #Follow for live tweets from DC today. Also, follow
Woo! Go, Ed Herman!
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit of doing them. – Benjamin Jewett
Wondering if twitter has a setting to turn OFF/hide all the "I'm at ..." check-in notice tweets from those I follow ...
Come visit me at the Indiana Library Federation District 5\7 conference! :-)
Happy Thanksgiving, friends!!
Ugh, says he not qualified to speak on death penalty issues huh? I'm sure he's a marriage law scholar though.
possible. shoot an email to 'kelly" or "erin" at swigmilwaukee dot com please. and thank you
Cheba is always about the green, but today we're even more so. Happy Green Day!
youve been talking to me for the last 2 1/2 days your just eh I'm done bye
I'll be watching it (:
We're hoping everyone has a great weekend! We're working intently on our Debut Issue, out mid-June. And our webpage is almost here!! :-)
Why Sen. Maria Cantwell wants to create the first national freight policy. How it would impact the Ports of WA and OR, tonight at 6 on KGW.
oooohhhhh friday the 13th tomorrow...unlucky for Rebecca Black...
RT : haha yes, but rather not harm any animals in the making of my UFO. < of course not! it's a phony bear skin!
gracias, De La
Are You Ever Going To Do A Concert In L.A? You Go Everywhere Except Here? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thank you so much for the Retweet!
#FF to some folks who've featured CH content recently:
About to go get me sumthing to eat.Thinking Chinese or Burger king.
Bice Ristorante's Mario Cassineri has selected "Snow White." It's going to be fun to try to figure what these folks will be cooking up!
BABY lottery: not adjust your Twitter set...you heard me correctly. That's right: BABY LOTTERY! read it to believe it
When you make healthy food choices and be available to the inner child who needs comforting, your excess weight will naturally drop away!
U gotta be authentic & #express urself!
It's Yelp!--tastic! Tonight from 7-9 is the Yelp Elite Squad Event. Fun things happening on our Pool Deck. U a Yelp! fan of Fuse? Eh? Eh?
It's only his second year, but he's playing like a vet. And he's done it since day 1.
I love you Tyler.[: please follow me!
It's Gameday Saturday, and you know what that means: Go Cambridge, Crush Essex!!
Thank you Jez, I appreciate the feedback!
Stabler's gone, Liv looks like she couldn't give a shit, no BD, Cragen has been cut back, no consistent ADA. It's not SVU anymore
Awww /: I Miss Skinny With Yall. Remember Claudia First Came Now She One Of Us !
you didn't understand my insult. Have fun at OU this weekend, jerk.
Yes, i love her from the bottom of my heart :) do you love her too? i really hope that she could tweet again I MISS HER!!
would TJ have more detrimental effect to their PD or regression? Age plays a big part but TJ isn't death sentence anymore
You link me, you really link me! [sniffle]
Maybe arshavin would man the fuck up now & show some skill!
yea! It was fun :D hahaha did u?
I purchased #Marshall #Field #Frango #Chocolates as gifts...ready to go at the door..and I woke up to the boxes opened!! Ugh my son Joey!
Always know the difference between what you're getting, and what you deserve..
hrm, not sure of Fri/Sat plans right now post #DrupalCon. Ask again on Thurs?
Giants are dominating I can't believe Sánchez has 8 k's and only th
my stupid computer wot turn on ad I have to type my final essay
I assumed something otherwise ..
Oh McDonalds egg McMuffin, I wish I could quit you.
One has to pay dearly for immortality; one has to die several times while one is still alive
I'm goin down to the central part of town!
ah, ok! I'll email there then. thanks!! hope this can get figured out.
#uwgrad Way to go ... Your speech the second time around was just as great!!!
He kept me there half a day before he gave up
Only would have different colors for his cast to match his outfits! Hahahaha
Thanks! Can't wait for the sale to start! RT : Looking good!!": Next sale is going live at 6pm! Check out the...
U see the spikes on this nigga moneymay vest. Damn!!!!!!!!!!!
Fish crafts with local artist Lynn Lieberman happening NOW at central park Dana center.
dude gay as fuck
But Allison Brie is super hot!!!!! :D
It takes everything that I have to not say "I love you."
me too!! I'll let you know if I find more out :)
dude it's crazy
I GOT THAT GIN IN MY CUP AND IM ROLLIN, POPIN PILLZ TWO BY TWO AND I CANT HOLD EM, SO PASS ME SOME WATER, SO I CAN ROLL HARDER
is always fun
lmao YAY! And your so welcome FOLLOW PLEASE <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> or ima <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
It's Always Some Stupid #thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Pay For Dinner...What Do I Look Like Ted Dibiase Out This Bitch?
And plus,I'm getting my voice together due to me being sick this past week.
Do work! RT “: Jumping on with and Kyle Elfrink to talk fantasy baseball. XM87”
Thx - I've been crazy busy but really missing twitter connections and conversations
Our leaders certainly seem to pick a variable or two. Seems that we aren't doing enough to engage parents. (1/2)
Love the way lie
"oh G-d it's like drinking an effing lip gloss" re: my fruity beer
Enter for a chance to win a solo ride w/ at www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
hey we're you aware? RT “: Today is National Zucchini Bread Day! What's your favorite zucchini bread recipe?”
Everyone in the world needs someone they can depend on. Be their faithful friends. Determined advocates. Or a loving family.
How much is the eggplant?
love you baby <3
boyfriend?!? It's the bomb.
Stay tuned for our new episode - "McHappy New Year with Carol Ann McCrackenl! Coming soon!
A fresh close shave with a safety razor. Ditch your Mach 3 and shave like a grandpa. It's the best feeling (and cheaper).
should have kept my corduroy jncos...
In terms of the specifications on the test,you can click on the'fda approved'link on the left side of the site: www.tkno.org
#Imagine You get a text from your ex. Harry takes your phone & deletes it. Harry:"That idiot better stay away from what's mine now.''
I can officially say: hApPy bIrThDaY! Love u VeRy vErY much! You make my heart smile & my soul proud! Oh how I luv my boy!
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
i will give you Sate Padang if u come to my house :P
Where do you pick up the Kesha meet and greet photos
thats worse than murdering someones entire family, in my opinion. You KNOW how I feel about bodily functions. Make me so mad.
whut up boy like i thought the mixtape is dope the right nigga need to see you and u gone!!!
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! BOUT READY TO GET ALL CRUNKED UP!!! I NEED A FEW DRINKS TONIGHT!!
eh, it's not that I'm sick. just, my hamstring won't let me run long distances without making my life miserable. annoying. :\
Dear hoodies & sweat pants, thank you for being there for me. Sincerely, sexy and I know it, but too lazy to show it.
tough battle of the remote to lose
Dont ask me for spare change if i just saw you buy a pack of menthols
THANK YOU for letting me know!!!!! : D
got a pic of my #NewNephew. looks alot like my...dad? they are thinking of moving back home to ireland from new york city. should they move?
Never? I don't believe it...
totally practical. cute! hope you guys are having a good time!
#lonelynight with my man not here... guess that's what I get for falling in love with a firefighter!
Aw <3 RT : When I got days without speaking to I feel lost :-/
That's a bummer.
MY <3 SKIPS A BEAT EVERYTIME DEY MENTION YOUR NAME...MUST BE....
I will follow her
I think you and my friends should hang out on the weekends.
For the record, I think is the funniest dude alive!
sorry hard to forgive... Why?
I watched it today too - This is the best show to represent geek culture! There is nothing wrong being a
...and I usually have positive experiences. There are a few who REALLY stand out with over the top niceness as well.
Just got home from the CBS backlot. One of the coolest in my opinion.
Talk in to my man!!!
Join us at your local Tavern for Tuesday Night Trivia :30! Hints: Philosophically speaking, do you know who is the Founder of Taoism?...
hi cousin happy new years to you, and no I am not in NY at the moment, I don't know where I'm going to start this new year at
Books: Naked Roommate, Andrew Roberts' Thinking Student's Guide to College, & Feaver et al, Getting the Best Out of College
Free delivery on this dreary day 11-2pm, 4-8:30pm. Please don't forget Sat..the Coat Drive and the Circle City Derby Girls Car Hop on Sun.
$15.2 million to house 4 firefighters, 2 fire trucks and some raincoats??? Egad!!!
Parents! Do your kids golf?
Of course Duchene is injured again. Of course he is.
lmao "mike jones"
It's definitely not just you. It's like, WAY off...
I like wearing hoods in the summer sometimes
happy mothers day queen of the drag queens!!!
Find a way
You're welcome little Monster.!
fuck it. bricks have to get thrown sometimes.
the academy is??
doing my "fricken die hard" routine today.
About to eat this good meal
Yahoo soda just drink it
all these new adidas basketball uni's are terrible!
#Caps have 11 misses on net
Our Stories Films To Produce Movie Based On Hit Reality Show &quot;Basketball Wives&quot;
I came home from work and the weather is very cloudy here in ABQ. I think its supposed to rain.
lowell folkfest!! Soo fun! Way more people than can fit in one tiny city :P
Proud to have your support Pam!
I've got a short story from a blog that is practically written for a webisode. SciFi, but real life.
... We only follow the best of the best ;) have a fantastic weekend!
Love can melt the hardest heart, heal the wounds of the broken heart and quiet the fears of the anxious heart. - #JoyceMeyer <3 <3 <3
Practice in a room with no windows or fans!
c'mon bro.... 4 back. You can make it up!
maybe! Moving out of third ward this weekend, so I doubt they will let me in after I'm gone!
Starting a new Google Reader folder of blogs and magazines actually worth reading. Suggestions?
RT LOU REED at BookCourt tonight / 7pm. come say hi to the man and hear him read from THE RAVEN.
You have to manipulate the system by playing on it's home field and bending the rules. Use the norm to break the norm.
He is!
Does a duck with one leg swim in circles?
yes, we have cloned ourselves! One of us goes by Olena, and the other by Fran. ;-)
Glad someone indwrstands me and my motives <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
MT : "Basic research->applied research->things that get funded by NSF nobody uses." Need "directed research" a la DARPA.
Of course they're showing a race — but 10 × 10 seconds, 10 showcased sights, might have been worth a thousand tourists next year.
Not at all, as long as you're sharing. I could use a round of Upland Wheat about now.
My Elder Sister & Favorite Female Vocalist Belita Woods just passed. Rest in Peace my Sister.
ck us out from memphis ! Thanks
Really want to be in the last hunger games movie!!
Darren Cooper, 22, was recently charged for setting a taxi on fire outside of Staples Center after the Lakers won their title back in 2010.
#wtf why does he/she/IT need that many plushies?!
Why the hell can people not comprehend the proper use of 'there,' 'they're,' and 'their.' omfg.
When your picking berrys The tiniest berrys are the sweetest and best tasting. The bigger berrys are the most bitter. An anonymous mans ...
prepare for traffic.....2hrs in for me
get that shit on video!
I can't wait till we go to vegas... idk when we are goin but i can't wait... we are deffinatly gonna go see believe. oh i'm so excited!!:D
Yay! loving the old school Paul Simon!
I gave in and wore it last week. Got quite a few compliments on it. I go to a small church full of Pens fans.
I'm excited!
big shout out to ! happy thursday =)
I don't have money to save though! It would be easier to come here :P
With all this HEAT & HUMIDITY in Atlanta, it's quickly turning into a HotBreeze...!
the sweater is for him
Don't forget to change your clocks back an hour on Saturday. Unless you want to come to HPC an hour early and watch the band practice!
#postseason you betcha!!!!!!
So Sandra Fluke and Hilary Rosen were replaced by a dog by Axelrod. Sounds like a Sherwood Schwartz sitcom.
At worst, the hit "might've" deserved a minor penalty for charging but that's it. Just a big old fashioned hit imo.
Yes, I am! Could I please have one?
thank you for RT!
how real is all the drama? Do you moms and girls ever get a long?
Bored as shit..!
Just survived my first earthquake.. And it felt like just when construction was working next to my house. A vibrating house overall. Lol
where have you been mamacita
Movies "Think Like a Man"
Back on the road training. Will be running #ragnarchi again this year in June
In the end it's what ever makes you happy
be patience. Your day will come.
DrEaMs NeVeR DiE unless you try <3
Class elections are such a popularity contest.
Thou shalt question everything; nothing is above challenge.
Happy Mother's Day to you!!
Yes, actually. :) We've seen your work.
I am beautiful I was cruel I tender I LIFE!
HoeLie #62: I'm better than your ex.
Mulligans is going up tonight 11-4am .. I gotta recharge the batteries !!
Spanning 93 days, over 60 applications, 6 interviews, 3 2nd-round interviews, 2 official offers, & finally... 1 JOB! ~I'M EMPLOYED AGAIN!~
Do I need to come over and literally dress you?
Tonight at Varsity Bar! Songwriter Showcase starts at 6pm, then Extreme Heat at 10. $1 beer specials! $5 cover, ladies free!
Missed the waterfront fest this year.
Follow me? (:
love is a battle field
I struck out swinging. They never put them on sale online and the phone was busy non stop from 9 til 1, when I gave up.
Just Keep On Loving Me.
I hope all the mothers and fathers who have to play the role of a mother had a wonderful Mother's day!!!
sorry about the twitter spam.
I can't emphasize it enough, men if a woman does not have custody of her kids do your homework. There's a reason.
Thanks a lot Bob!
and he would love too but don't think he was offered. Saw him play in Vegas on ESPN. Kid can play.
#Boston Kebab House is now on #Belly in Boston's Financial District! You can earn enough points to win a trip to Turkey!
Congrats bud. 1 step closer to the cigar/scooter/legal advice stand
and bingo was its name-o! I'm fully arrived. Water under the bridge? Ah shit no, I've got to fly back to Melb.
Eat an anti-inflammatory diet. Spinach, kale, broccoli, lentils, beans, salmon,halibut, green tea....
All I want for Christmas is you... #ChristmasMusicAfterChristmas :P
TRUELY A REMARKABLE READ! Wow this made perfect sense!!!!Thank you for tweeting this!
S/O 2 MY MOST RECENT FOLLOWERS!! THANK YOU! U GUYS ROCK
So it's true!!!!! eek! that is crazy. Will you be attending?
apparently you DID
We're sure glad we got this prostitution ring to bust. It takes attention away from the fact that we helped a fellow cop kill his wife.
Which part?
Happy Birthday
I was born in Pittsburgh, I look forward to your tweets
Now starting show match vs Nerchio Bo5 on my stream
that's what we like to hear/read!
DOUBLE EAGLE! Unbelievable
its sad meeting a great person in life, but knowing once they're gone, you'll never find someone like them, which is even sadder.
Oil rig with a heli-pad right near Rio! And the longest bridge I've ever seen. Coolest view from the plane!
I would be too.
Music as a whole has been getting worse and worse every year. Grievance aired.
Never apologize for thinkin bigger than yourself
no way...what phone
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "I cant fucking Breath! :o"
Had a wonderful Father's Day with Hubby and little K riding the four wheeler around. Good end to great week with my Dad visiting from Brazil
I don't think that's been established...I will create one :)
Not if they get Miami in the Finals!
#cara student Ronnie V. secured a position at as a Customer Service Associate! 50 of 301!!!
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
Bout to eat this gumbo and watch this OKC game #ThunderUp!!!
Good shabbas y'all!
thanks. You're awesome
they always play with two bigs up front......
#Obama better be going all the way to Macon cause this 75S traffic is bananas!!!
Cast your cares on him for he cares for you
you set me up Roxy but it's just not fair, too easy
Sis!! Where have you been?? Miss you like crazy
Love is blind. Friendship tries not to notice. - Anonymous
on wht ? For real
I love waking up to cute texts #inlove <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
I just saw a Miss Cleo reference right now. Boy oh boy, talk about going old school, haha
It's Children's Book Week, and we're pondering: What's the best children's book of all time? Share, and we'll RT our favorite responses.
Yes! Would love to catch up! I'm doing A-Ok; hope you are as well. Often work from Cville on Fridays -- coffee sometime?
we got it. She's talking now at least. She still crying and talking crazy LOL
I love Heat haters!!! Much love to y'all!
it's hard for someone like me who now has to chose which to come see if there are no comps available & multi artists to support
Thx for the RETWEET, Craig. How are things? Working on anything new?
can't wait for the video game
Gana Hear Music Until I Sleep (:
WTF THIS BORI MAKES ME WANNA HURT SOMEONE!
i think Bryan has the best one so far. LOL
unlimited free hot dogs?
Thank you so much for the RT
Praying for 's sister
should shout my new twitter out #spreadtheword!
RT : Most memorable #sxswfood for me this weekend: and Miles of Chocolate fudge
I hate that. I just meet a woman I'm interested in, but she keeps calling me & trying rush it. Relax let it come natural.
:) RT : I have found my happiness, watching my children dream. Innocent, peaceful, and calm. I love being a mom. Looking...
When you say the name of a band and some dumb bitch is like, ooh I've never heard that song.. and your like, its a band fuck face -.-
I remember when I was scared to get the beat down in 2k...
Another good Sat. breakfast group mtg. Everyone should be part a group that meets regularly. We all get so invested in each other's progress
RT aruthven : Opening Night of World Premiere Musical by multiple Grammy nominated Trout Fishing in America!
RE: link in previous tweet: Those are actual people. Very innovative concept photography! Hope you all enjoy :)
Happy day! Not as tasty as Pi(e) Day :)
With in NC(:
Babies are so expensive that I'll be making the next one by hand.
shut up no way! Awesome would love to be at that show! Have fun
people don't need to know our problems... What happened to that...?
3. I think Judge Evans's 4th-factor analysis is a little strange, but have heard worse floated out there, so...
If you ever see our wrapped cars please take picture lol. Good marking for both of us.
My kittens name is Mahomie...(:
i'm glad you enjoyed the artist. have you seen hugo?
Finshed a good 800 yd swim, but still working on the breathing, anyone have any good tips or website links?
aww how cute(:
8 tuff miles foot race in St. John, USVI today. Over 1,000 ppl running the craziest course ever. #Right #Coast #Marketing will be watching.
interested in course planning (how to fit a complex subject into effective readings/assignments); teaching research skills...
september! Are you comin up to visit this summer?
Boy i only grant naughty wishes lolz
Thank you! Can't go wrong with a sirloin marsala with no mushrooms. Delish!
That's quite the beach you're on there!
Shabazz Muhammad and Tony Park to UCLA to open the new Pauley star power
re: semantics (I know, our favorite!) do you view the main "customers" of #mobility apps as either "maker" or "retailer"?
please follow me please :)
AOL's patent sell-off: A failure of nerve: AOL strikes a deal with Microsoft to sell and license hundreds of patents. The move gives ...
We can't let ourselves be fooled into believing Public ed is ok under the NCLB mentality. It is not!
RT : *Meditation is to know oneself as one is. It is see our real face with out any mask*
oh word
So I'm the only one on my team who came to work today. Let's hope nobody needs anything.
I wonder what William Balfour was looking at in his mugshot....
yeah, me too.
have you ever heard that song that you know connects you and your ex, you just know when you hear it he is going to call
Yeah, this is a normal affair.
Tip #8. Drink plenty of water. Your body is 65% water. drink 8 glasses of water each day. That can inlcude the water from foods
I have no idea what you are talking about
you're welcome!! :)
You guys tore it up..
Unfortunately, one of my participants only gave me permission to present that content at conferences, not online.
I was frowning at the balance on my accts... But then I remembered tomorrow's #payday yes!
RT : Just returned from a visit to the newly remodeled Planetarium. Put it on the list to visit this weekend!
Get down here....the drinks are flowing and the pool is packed!
Stop in & celebrate National Noodle Month with a hearty helping of spaghetti with meat sauce!
hope you have a nice day ( :
life is really that simple
the music in this movie is amazing
cool will do
not a problem at all<U+E417>
Tumblr doesn't drive a lot of traffic, but does have a lot of engagement says
Great Finale and Great commercial
Tonight in our Black Diamond Lounge, coming in from Salt Lake City, UT... it's the upbeat acoustic duo Melody & Tyler 8:30p-11:00p
Tell us what you did on your day ON, yesterday, to commemorate Dr. King's legacy.
I LOVED "Somewhere With You," which was also a Shane McAnally cut, & so is "Come Over." Those type of songs Kenny just smolders
I hate rooms that dnt have lights....ugh now i gotta go buy 3 lamps!
RIP Dick Clark
Please follow me. You are the au'somest person in the world!
I wish I could make it the Farmer's Market today. :-(
The steak is excellent tonight!
i have FCAT tomorrow afternoon :o
Between and I hardly have to seek out content to read on my own. Keep up the good curating, rockstars!
I didn't know Peter Lorre produced The Artist
Seriously, though. If I live in Brightwood Park, will you people come visit me? (I have already hit up )
I Dont Like Eating When Im Drunk. I Would Just Like AnotherAlcohol Beverage Please.
THat is a great question, Who in history would you like to follow on twitter? suggested Einstein
Thank you! We are all about #Gratitude #Enlightenment #RaisingVibrations Looking forward to your tweets!
Oh well, moving on.
I'm still discovering his films, which do you recommend or is your fav?
The great thing about the #KentuckyDerby and #CincoDeMayo being on the same day is u can wear a Sombrero & kill two birds w/ 1 stone
Wait, how's your back?
Have strong winds ever stopped you from a run? We have 25mph to apparently 45mph(?). Not sure if I should attempt a few miles or not...
Well I guess I had better get to bed. Got to get early to play golf in the morning.
Let's get literate Kentucky 'K' always comes before 'U' -
I want to have laugh attacks with Luly.
Eating so back the fuck up ad let me eat ppl <.< x3
Congrats to both #Badgers #Marquette men. Cmon #Brewers for the state sweep!
haters come hither
We still have some stickers left (laser cat and regular)! If you want some mailed out to you, just give us a holler on here or on Facebook.
2012 class is done...all about 2013 now! Yall shoot me some highlights!!
How about Florio from ? RT : CHTV readers bug the hell out of whoever they want on the show via Twitter.
Love it!
Wow!!! I'm watching Footloose
Patriots score! Giants are losing. That Giselle email is taking effect
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO ^SS at ! You solved my 3 week old problem in less than 20 minutes! You da bomb diggity!!
well if you see me, say Hi!(: haha (hopefully that doesn't sounds creepy) lol.
lmao it never had meaning. pointless.
Check us out at www.triskelionsociety.com
Welcome back, big fella. Do work.
street teams coming soon! We need your help! More info to come!
Dance Moms Miami ain't got shit on the original
omg. I better start working on the picture collage I'm going to use for 's account avi
They did a beautiful job on my car and it looks brand new! Now, I’m keeping my car forever! Thanks Car Crafters,
“: Good luck with those exams to all the students! Study hard so u can party harder!”. Thanks chris
When yall get to talking bout the greatest i just really hope that yall think of me..
#3WordsOfAdvice pop that p*$$y
Pounding chest
AW! Adorable!
Musical word of the day: affrettando - hurrying, pressing onwards
You're just like adrenaline babe!
we still on 8?
Who is hiring? This ex-Meteor Solutions marketing ninja is looking for a new landing page!
At least we have a fighting chance this year.
Shoutout to those girls that smile like they're taking a shit in their pictures.
#averygauntlet me: "We started heavy and went light." : "sounds like most of my girlfriends"
what's a bus?
Porn Stars are mandatory tested every 30 days.
SATC marathon all by my lonesome and it's the one where Miranda like breaks her neck!!! HAHA
#mla12 #s305 Sue Kim: We must recognize that "not everyone is like us" (culturally, economically) in transcending pomo.
Chivas Regal - down to my belly.
It would have been great to add your accent... lots of accents here!
Unbelievable community commitment in Cave City tonite. Putting their money where their hearts are!
have you voted yet? we'd love to hear what you fave. chartitable organization is! :)
Make that 7-0. Grimes just homered over the left field wall.
- ask your author?
We do the killin and then we bury'em
Merry Christmas one and all! May this Season's blessings be with you today and always! :)
"Where's the beef jerky?" "On the piano, of course."
sky zone: totally awesome. My body: still painfully sore 2 days later
Some great
if you are a little odd that is just fine...it shows you'll probably create interesting things one day...i like odd people...
NEVER CHUG WINE
King Curtis episode of wife swap is on love it
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore -DCarnegie
A night beginning with pure tears and sorrow ending up being a majestic night I will never forget. Life is more worth living when alive.
lol, um okay :P
I did not know you play bass. I do as well. cool. huuhuuhhuh
artwork shaping up!
IRS plans to scrutinize (line-by-line) the 2010 returns of 2500 closely held corporations.
Nice start.
One of the Water Street Bars really needs to do HBO Sundays...
It's 7:00 already! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> where has the day went?!
#GymFlow... This thunderstorm ain't gonna stop me
Go lick my ass bro.
Hey there! Keeping busy and having fun; what fun things are you up to these days?
Always try to be modest and be proud of it!
guy problems. But it looks like not for long! Lol
stop being adorable it makes me sad
Just don't talk to me anymore...
thank you, that's wonderful-- I hope the gang enjoys!!
Likely local distributor/studio decision -- film release strategy based on local market factors plays a huge difference.
I looked back at him and said "Yess Baby, Its Real!!!!"
Two yrs ago I got kicked out of a bar in Louisville for singing Rocky Top after Bruce's Vols knocked off the Cats. My one shining moment.
im in new york darling! ~Devin.Anne<3
#Stars, really? It's Calgary. Time to turn it up (overtime).
you gotta help me think of things to do lmao.
That can't be really good..
You still mean everything to me. You're just not worth the fight anymore.
I feel your pain.RT : Why yes, yes it is likely that I'll spend my evening playing the new angry birds seasons... Why do you ask?
I've got no problem with that and I'm sure has been wanting to find Preston more friends
Bored out of my mind...
hm i dont see any strays.
nice! Getting it done! Day 45 of Insanity for me.
I think I should take off Thursday thru Sunday of Holy Week. Feeling bad about working this week. Next year someone remind me!
what r u doing?
Organizing and tagging plant pics from the last five years. My, they grow fast!
Label 7 will be closed for private events:Lunch 11/21 & All-Day 12/16 Interested in hosting a private party? Call 585-267-7500 #Party!
STAY AWAY FROM MY MAN!!!
i need one more tweet. my tweets r up to 666 , it scares me haha, :)
where were u today? We were looking for u!
Any time, we got to look out for our fellow Tweeps. LOL
Woohoo Congratulations! Are you getting pumped for NFFTY? Can't wait to see your new film, "Alone Together!"
you got to loove Rose;;)
KU vs UK. Who will get the KO for the national title?
you need someone to get him the ball, not just pound the ball in the ground 30 feet from the hoop like JL3 did.
RT : If u think should have done the Heisman pose when he scored, pls rt
im only gonna spend like 3 weeks or a month. and i'm not suree:( middle or endish of june to middleish if july i thinkk.
Atmosphere at rock the bells!!!!!!!!!
I don't know why you find the question offensive, but I don't really understand what you're asking.
If only I could spell
Please no overtime. Please no overtime. Please no overtime. Oh me oh my.
I see you gettin' it in!!
My gma neighbor call her baby so now we call him baby wen we talk about him lml<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT : Happy resurrection day :) may Jesus' love keep you happy <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> ~ Wishing you #Peace & #Love , May today be a blessing!
Amen to that girl!
Would've been okay if it were abceasyas123
Tonight...the Denver edition...www.party95.com.....10 pm mst..then see u at HEADRUSH at Vinyl D-Unitize yo soul #BEAUX!
Apparently I left the game too early..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> missing out on the instagram photos
I understand but will refer all I can to you
Dude this whole thing started becuse of his teeth!
And he keeps humming and making random noises too!
would love to retweet that Josie... But you won't let us!
yes!! It's cold
Yes, with such FAB weather it's been a great day -- but that's on the QT-- not s'posed to share that Seattle gets good weather!
EXACTLY!!!! She seriously freaked when you overheard me say I was 36 weeks..
RT : "They call me a pocho because I play the accordion with an accent." #yque?
If your freaking hilarious, it doesn't matter how much of an ass you are.
Basoexia is term describing sexual arousal from kissing
talking about Social and SEO marketing.
But it's the never-knowing, that keeps this going, drives me crazy, like a postcard from Paris when I've seen the real thing <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
#WhileInARelationship Don't cheat. Just break up with him or her if you're attracted to somebody else.
LOL.... Congrats are still in order.
Niggaz worse than deez bitches jumping dick 2 dick stay in yo lane
now you know what I went through having to sit between you and in the car growing up- good job :)
I got jokes today.
Bought a long sleeve #shadrock shirt. Much warmer now ...
I wanna see the devil inside tonight.
Great to meet Leland and Hector of today. Looking forward to what you're bringing to the neighborhood!
Life will be better if you have someone real with you
Netscape's original business plan was to sell a web browser for $65 to every person. Wonder why that failed?
#fringe better than x files. Sorry
Love to see developers and designers understanding the whys of #a11y and not looking for loopholes or ways out of meeting requirements!
i wish i was famous...hahaha but i bet most ppl do wish that too. haha
Devonte Lively arraigned for murder of Larie Butler. #Lynette Adams is in court & says it was "uneventful." He pled not guilty.
Big poppa thanks for the knowledge I've got to pop on your tracks to remember what rap really is. Forgive dudes sayin they the best ever.
That awkward moment when your still bestfriends with a trick ass hoe..... lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Where are the white girls #ThirstTrap'n??
Jay, you need to wake up now. It's only a bad dream. Jay? Jay? Wake up Jay!
it happens, it's understandable. Two T's, One X. Have to be very careful about that sometimes.
Damn missed the game , I wonder who won ? Hope its good news
Never heard of those guys
Where are they at? Sahara?
Conrad Murray was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
Mange tak! I always do. (I'm a product of a DIS study abroad 6 years ago...clearly a success!)
I miss the feeling of knowing someone is thinking of you.
ehh i tried...
Dawn, feeble, languid, timid, and irresolute
Welcome =D
Question Game ? (: *INBOX*
When is the JD meet?
Seriously, I'm starting to quit on my PC. Lots of issues underneath its glossy black casing. Must. Get. A. Mac.
I need more followers
Dude, that's my saying. You said something about being smashed by a punk rock. Recognize! I own that shiz with TM. Jk.
Let me know if you have questions because I use it for that exact application (showing a NEW! bug on articles < 30 days old).
By all accounts, Mr. Ricketts very nice man, but maybe TOO NICE to run a major league club. Cubs need owner who has strength & conviction.
Those Chicks are awesome! My son has seen them twice....
All will be well. All will be well.
doing good! always keeping busy, you know me
Yep. The old bday is coming up in a bit here so I'm gifting myself some nights off of tours. Thinking next weekend for hangs?
Looks like Microsoft and Google square off once again. This time its #QRcode verses
Are you nascar chatter or sports chatter?
Do some work lol : Has society poison us to believe light or exotic are the only beautiful ladies?
man.. that was hard to watch
Sometimes. Today, not so much.
Still have version of Nice and Slow in my head...and I don't hate it.
RT : Want more success? Make better choices. When all is said & done it's our choices in life that determine our success.
why is that?
I'm not the pretties girl or the smartest or the perfect girl but mean who is?
"I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE." I want to shout this and post it on his next YouNow.
Industry night Check it out!
The pictures I send >>>>> lmao
In every girl’s life, there’s is a boy she’ll never ever forget. In every boy’s life, there’s a girl he can never ever get.
yo find me the jordans 12's in white and red or white and blue. I heard you know where to get them.
yeah ok & wth ? Purchase is mad gay
what's the contest? didn't see anything on Luol's page...
Amen! RT : Our president just developed a backbone. Right on.
no HD? Your killing me smalls. My apt just Got an HD tvand I'm never going back
it's really a balance, yeah. i'm trying too. AGAIN. i did very well up until jan of this year now i'm a mess again. do over!
back on dis
What about this guy?
good night Big Michael
Don't make your problem my problem...
Clippers as a team had 32 rebounds, ZBo/Gasol combined for 33. That glass squeaky clean for Memphis.
Damn. I'm out of fingernails. GO KINGS!!
Hint: Person has legs
#love for my #94labsmarketing crew
Look at you, judging me tonight, lol. I just found this concoction a couple weeks ago, it's really good! Try it. :)
#FreeEADave please RT!!! Get it trending!!! Show some love<3
Love the pc bae, so so sexy
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows
RT : Floodgate ops have ended at Wirtz & Starcke dams. Lake Travis is expected to rise to 636- 638 ft. msl by tomorrow.
"Giving money to (derogatory term for Afghans) instead of bullets just doesn’t seem right." -Staff Sgt Robert Bales in a facebook post
The message i just sent lolol
Thanks for the plug!
love you and good luck , I love you and good luck , I love you and good luck
Ditch the sales pitch - networking is about building relationships. Networking tip from ,
Follow-on orphan therapies often receive more stringent regulated scrutiny due to safety concerns and perceived reduced need
Your last if you're not
I really enjoy Twitter! Never know what is "around the corner" ! Lovin' it! really! Lovin' my Tweeps!
I'm gonna call and catch up with you today. Whats the NYE plan?
OUT THERE IN THE COLD
on your flight today... Big fan :)
haha. That article was a good find... but we will rise again! Ha.
I like how Borg mentions #SKC fans by name. Pretty sure Borg saw my fiancé flash her tats one match.
finna call u
ate a whole block of irish cheddar last night and didn't get drunk.
Finally had time to refactor my code so it uses the Polyline geodesic property. Works perfectly. Thanks! Map coming soon.
I am glad is saved she is so good
Working on new dance song, finishing up with music video this weekend. Stay tuned!
Thanks. That’s about all I can take for day one, but I am a glutton for punishment and back on twitter. Sigh.
Hey Sammi from Jersey Shore has no VTine either. Maybe she could be your VTine
Today was National Margarita Day, we drank a few in honor. We know great with mexican food, after a few does it matter what it pairs with.
RSVP: Long Story Short
For those of you teaching in a semestral system: I hate you and expect taunts from me in September when I'm still on vacation.
Chirley needs someone downtown anyone downtown James were are you.
We are so excited! We hope the sun is shining! :)
Obama is not technically a Muslim socialist, but calling him one better illustrates the broader message.
Coming down with a cold? Come into the shop and let our experts recommend the right products to get you healthy again.
both shows are stupid
hahahahaha I agree. Swag
thanks!! Great to meet you & - sorry couldn't chat as hoped! Glad u liked it!
Sorry for the silence today, Tweeps! Busy Day! TGIF.
I need a twitter best friend :/
Good morning #WoodleyPark ! Need a go-to lunch spot in the area? LiLLiES at 2915 Conn Ave boasts a great $7 Lunch Special!
Calling Mitt Romney a robot is an insult... to robots.
which droid do you have? I don't think mine will do it I have the droid2
people keep sending avakaya from India. I don't buy pickles here..
Checking on page. Was working before.
#HackedbyMamaMahone it needs to trend.
#describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle Excite bike
We don't care how much money you do or don't have, if you're black, white, old young, or whatever...no stereotypes We love u
Thank you for all you do. We were in Tampa with you all in spirit!
Thanks for the retweets.
It went great - see you next time?
RFT:: UCLA.. Offer me please? :)
Romney sucks big time on gun rights
I thought the whole point of a ferris wheel was so you can pee on the people below you. I guess not.
you do know the way to my heart. If I could I actually would, but I didn't bring a computer on this trip. I can tweet for you tho
Time to watch
rahhhh i want...
Beast mode! Great win by the Crew
Still having hard time processing fact that #seau killed himself...no sense at all.
Ok. After a day and a half of #MW3. The game has been defeated! Cigar scene is classic!
You may judge me misguided or even an idiot for my choices, but they are mine to make, and it is my right to be an idiot.
You ain't gettin no loose ball from Evans!
Getting it together!! Time to do it big!!!
I know I know. I'm not on as frequently :S
Our cruise is officially booked!! I can not wait!!!
Thanks Brian!
At a beautiful Santa Barbara wedding for a good friend.
Getting signed up for my classes for Medical Administrative Assistant. This is going to be fun.
Haha! Nate started prepping everything after the Rangers/Devils game. We are good to go! Haha! I'm bringing my camera.
Which white? First is a blush wine made from Grenache. Second is a dry Riesling #azwine from Canelo Hills
Good golf with great friends, now to the grill
we are the next host city/country in 2015. The Pan-Am and Commonwealth Games are often the first major multinational test for our future....
Just wrap it before you tap it.
Lots of folks wearing Chargers t-shirts today to honor & celebrate Jr. Seau's life. I'm wearing mine. are you wearing yours?
hell yeah!!! I hope everything is going well :)
Kindle Fire quick review: UI semi-responsive at best, audio volume sucks. They’ll sell a bunch of ‘em to parents that don’t know any better.
wait, why am I not following you? haha *follows again*
lmao iigot i got you, i can probably make you a few today. i'll hit you up when they're done
is geting so much hate, she made a keek crying saying to stop!! I feel so bad for her!
Welcome to the William & Mary Class of 2015, arriving on campus today. One of the College's finest traditions is a warm welcome!
I got u!
i'm really good actually, and youu? are you in school?
I just disagree. This year, it should've been LSU and ok state.
thank you!!!
oh yea. I'll be there.
is it just mine or do all moms add "..." at the end of any sentence?
i really like it! im listening to it on spotify now :) and yah ill definitely do that
I've seen the hugging ban before. Are you sure it's just in New Jersey?
You are wonderful and I'm lucky to be one of the people you surround yourself with. :)
RT I miss hip hop on the radio an tv....
I hear you
We look forward to having you! RT : is following me? Weird. I'll be staying there in June! <U+E405>
Not enough time in the day. . . Need a helicopter!
nice composition!
haha aww(: weird cuz I do that with your channel too though!<3 your videos are always so original & amazing.:D
Can I Get Some Words Of Wisdom From U?!?
Yay! I'm glad to hear you liked that show, Justin! The whole Theban trio is on my #intriguedby #indystage list. :)
Thanks for the great write-up! We're on here too () if you want to reference us next time.
Austin who?
You won't ever get too far from me.
The #Flyers are basically containing the Malkin-Neal-Kunitz line. Another #Pens power play coming up.
Heats won n put NY out of the playoffs
Russell said pussy ass nigga what's up
That nigga icy!
The coffee in Seattle tastes suspiciously like the coffee everywhere else.
Rule of thumb is if you piss off radio guys, you did it right.
Hi dad
Congratulations to Sean Pace! The winner of our $150 gift card giveaway! Thanks to all who participated...more opportunities to come.
hahaha what a fag, damn bk randy
hello all! Hootesuite hasn't been working for me too well... Getting caught up now :) great topic today!
In four hours I'll have jello <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Look mom no hands. I can drive and twit at the same time. Oh shit!! The road ended
We at almost 3,000 fans in only 2-3 weeks lets keep this movement going <3
I WILL NEVER BE LOCKED OUT, AS LONG I KNOW KNOWLEDGE IS THE KEY!
Listen to on 105.3! I called in! :)
well, whenever you're back in san diego (or maybe you are here) you can look at my ass
Is back on TWITTER!!!!
Life would be a lot less complicated without feelings
Does this guy honestly expect Emily to him "Wolf?" What a jerk.
Christian Marclay show v cool. Label credits him w inventing "turntablism." LOL.
Bout to go in Walmart with my headphones in signing!
he just doesn't get it so now i want to change
omg now there's even worse keyboard bugs!
I miss my family today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I wish I was home relaxing with them instead of working all night
GAAAH Sam and Charlize are way too cute. Sam just jumped on her.
it Is very cool Kelli.. Is it complicated.????
Have to take the fat dog out for a poopoo. Hopefully she doesn't act like a little mule.. or stop to {{sniff}} every little thing..
well the bulls didnt make it.. /: but theres always next year!
From the point of ignition...to the final drive The point of a journey...is not to arrive Anything can happen...
hahaha. Except you're not joking. Hang in there, less than 4 days left!!
wedding Holmes.
we're super stoked too!
- Be strong and very courageous...
Good Advice RT New article: Three ways to avoid email distraction and take back control of your time www.ZATZ.com/1694
Having a major anxiety attack...
RT : Very disappointed these other airplanes flying overhead don't have space shuttles on them.
"Truth is generally the best vindication against slander." # quote From "Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches," p. 37
Ate SO much food today. Feel like I am going to blow up...
#Payphone music video!!!!!! *two thumbs up*
We will rise above the average, who is coming with us?
“If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorou
I KNOW. imma cut him
Can't wait to see u guys tomorrow 1-4-3
I'm so ready to party. Started drinking wine at 10 a.m. this morning. Needless to say, I'll be relaxed today. :-) Hope to see you later.
you're welcome! Nice to meet you :-D
got to love cleat chasers what can I say xD
Happy Birthday!
Brodie's Hail Mary Frisbee Catch
Thanks Ren!! Did y'all move in yet??
Good morning! You have 25 min to get to #Subway for a free 6"! The BOGO deal ends today. RUN!
Laying right here in bed thinking about what I can do today. Hm. Song Of The Moment: "How To Love" - Lil' Wayne
great to see u today! Awesome venue choice...
Green flag underway
it's not a tax, it's a fee. No one forces you to pay a penny with this.
Thanks so much :here u go
Need help Learning line Please?! DM us for help!!
took a map that's all I did
off to NorthLB for our breakfast. If u r in the neighborhood between 8:30-10:30am please stop by houghton park. enjoy ur saturday!
I love when I get emails from British Airways encouraging me to travel. But no way I could afford $2K round-trip for business class.
Bitches These Days!
When you drop your phone on the floor and are too lazy to get it.....ugh.....
School sucks -.-
- the title is greatness.
just Roy Hobbs'
talent without meaning is useless. meaning without talent is just noise.
Getting hurt is an event, getting healed is a process.
The Art of War! is a Must Read Book! the only way you will survive doing Business in this world oh and the 48 Law of Power....
it just works
hello twitter...i love u FOREVER AND EVER...
tit for tat?
Follow back...
Ok so maybe the brewers aren't any better this year!
I kinda like it.
boring. now I'm here begging our local radio station to play i feel like dancin... let's see how it goes
Just saw limitless. Really cool movie!
can't wait to get my tests back today!! ....NOT -_-
Or sick. Let's face it, he's been suspended because he either directly knew or failed to supervise...why the honor?
Or maybe just a FB
So its been proven that is the best & has pretty hair & that I like balls. (:
Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.
Can't wait till 12/11 I get to see Dolphins beat up on these eagles.... I <3 these guys WIN or LOSE
“Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.” Mother Teresa
: Want to learn how to extend your security policies to the cloud? Ask anyone wearing an t-shirt. #RSAC”
My coffee is cold.
@ there are going to be haters etc. So ya I'm glad u guys don't give me u guys seem to have a great mature
28ACEA48 Add my BBM Artist/Producers Managers!
You are a Tut Nut! Thanks for sharing your incredible story! Have you gone to Egypt or are you planning on visiting?
I picked Andrew Luck as my top draft choice on NFL Predict The Pick. Check my picks out! #STM BASED GOD
because i thought they were accepting applications in may. :*(
Great TV! I was surprised Aubrey wasn't in final 2 but the guys r awesome. Clay is going a little dictator though
yeah...he fits in a lot of places since he can catch the deep ball as well as anyone
a wet toothbrush. (and I don't want to know how it got there....)
Thanks for following, , , and !
seriously true-the FD didn't want us staying here.
I'm pretty sure she was there. Wouldn't swear, though. And I was saying from her "celeb" perspective re:BCG. Prob a dick 2 her
#Solution, no kickers. No more field goals, extra points, kick-offs or punts. You score in the end zone or you don't.
Having dinner next to cast of Jersey Boys! Fun!!! Great restaurant-La Merenda-terrific Tapas restaurant in Walkers point!
Psst! What are YOU wearing to #Fusion2012 ? Dress is Upscale Business & Cocktail but have some fun! Tell us how you plan to get "creative"
Tonight -- ONCE IT'S TAKEN SHAPE by & Sapna Gandhi, starring & Sanditz
“: Theres no way is single. This just cant be. Lol.” ahahahahahahah. Your off chasity.
yo, how you guys doing at Sosh?
How do you make a butterfly ?Flick it out of the butter dish with a knife !
Thanks ! So fortunate to be selected to run the Nike Women's Marathon in SF this October with amazing friends & supporters!
Welcoming to the F&B family today! They will be serving LAMILL coffee in the Eva Solo method, LAMILL teas too! Yum
Crit Thinking Wk 5: Perception and recognition of auditory stimuli, memory, and speech are associated with the Temporal Lobe.
i hope not. lol
Saw the craziest thing at lunch!!!! When's the last time you went to a Popeye's Chicken Stand and seen a man ride up on a horse????
You know youre a dedicated fan when you max out all of your voting limits voting for the beautiful Skylar Laine. Youre amazing!
o.... I can't wait to hear your stories with him. I start Anthony this weekend. 8 hrs a day
HAPPY LAST DAY OF 2011 YOU GUYS ARE SO AWESOME (,= I wish y'all the best of luck in 2012 I LOVE YALL (,=
There are people in my living room playing hockey. With the stick. And the puck.
makin bread, and getting lifted, welcome to my world
your comment was too funny
One more day of this school week.
We have the same bday boo ;-) RT : Spontaneous baby! “: #Sagittarius can't stand any kind of routine.”
Looks like a wonderful day to play a little golf then watch a little of the #Players tourney.
RT : If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it. ~Lucy Larcom
yuck.... get well soon
Hi James! How was it? I hope you never had any problems during the installation. :-)
Airborne, echinacea cough drops, and generic non-meth Sufafed procured. Hope this gets me through till Friday heh.
No, sadly. But that's a good idea--I'll bring that up when I (hopefully) get a chance to talk to them.
I should've done something with computers. Also, sometimes I think about how some of my students will make more $ than me.
lol thanks...and yea he a lil mack daddy
Congrats Lisa and my day was pretty good. :) Getting paid next Friday. We get paid every 2 weeks. :)
just living and working in Pittsburgh. Do you graduate soon?!
I'm gonna be the one to make you take off your clothes
come to XY
God one.
All I am thinkin about is SLEEP!!
Just sent the file of my sign to get made for our tent at Warped Tour, This is becoming so real!!
Please go away, candy hangover.
Reading Romeo & Juliet for English.
some things are better left the way they were
tweet tweet! <3 u!
I came so damn fat during spring break. I wish I was skinny. -.-
yeah mhmm right
monday morning on daylight savings
I write literary YA and magic realism. Professional language nerd and semi-pro musical theater fan. Querying this year!
We don't have a Do Nothing Congress. We have a Do Nothing SENATE. While House offers budgets, Senate won't even debate or vote.
Boo you!
Uh... How did THAT happen!?
Goal for the day: slow down
I know that you haven't been using sunscreen and so you're gonna get melanoma and die but I just wanted to say I love you!! :)
Whether im awake or asleep, i am always thinking about
Last day 2 Like us on Facebook for chance to win AMC movie tix for a year! Search SBXThe125
Was the super bowl this weekend?
Hi Martin! Hope the site is useful. We're now putting up Loire valley pictures.
awesome way to start #Pens!!!
favorite this he won't win a ring this season.
PSA: Passwords should be minimum of 14 chars, mixed case + special chars avoiding dictionary words, or don't be surpised if you get hacked.
thanks brother!!!!
For six days I've altered off days and work days..... pretty cool I must say
If we win this game we win 500 dollars
did you guys meet on JDate or something?
Just made kik : colleenashleyy add me :)
Thanks for sharing!!! I greatly appreciate it! :-D
Same Shit, Different Day...
i have a toothbrush the dentist gave me on the floor. one of my cats is terrified by it. he jumps straight up if he sees it.
Mel talks about project which replaced a sculpture in Central Park with replica created by structured light scanning SAAM sculpture
Good Bye Hangar.....we came, we conquered, we jammed. Good stuff :)
not my opinion...just something heard in passing ...
Before you call someone a Cheater, make Sure that's what they're doing before Quoting what Anybody says. Im just sayin.
And you watch that? lol wow
Bulls game tonight. I'm feeling good today.
yea brb
You both should wait until after those on the US East Coast sees the results, pleeeasse?! Thanks Sweetfaces
Roses are red,violets are blue. Austins moving to Miami, i wanna move there too..
I lost my motorcycle virginity today... In the pouring rain :)
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust5555
flashed a bunch of big, sweaty workmen who whistled @ me on the street this afternoon! think i should've asked them to cum back 2 my place?
I dunno, we are in a recession..
Johnny. My Johnny
that's good but easters fun as long as your with your family. Other than that how are things going?
What's the current language...?
#idol is very intense 2 night i love it!!!
were a walmart now and its crazzzyy. Wish you could be here babe .
I smell duet!
YOU CAN DO IT!
: Happy Birthday to the best Miss Universe:)
Screwed for AP Spanish~~~~~
I'm over on Ogden just south of Grand. Kind of territory - little off the beaten path.
AWESOME! Where can I buy them?! Lol.
So my nose itches soo freaking bad.. damn this pollen :-/
We have a public tour of our facility and labs today at 3:30. Join us!
I think I saw that on FB...how is everything else going?
Nice Sound!!! Will add to my collection! Best Regards! Eric
Heard biking is terrible in Austin, can anyone confirm or deny this?
aw I am sorry about that
Why is it that I just look hotter in black bra and panties? Banishing all color from my sexy drawer!
Make that kreider with the GWG!!
Listening to Brewers radio broadcast on way home. Uecker with hot mic during break. "What the hell we doin, man?' Lol
where you goin!?? :o
It is really beginning to feel like spring here. Hopefully Mother Nature continues to let it stay this way.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
#UTBlackademics is an attempt to take what research faculty are doing and breaking it down into 10-12 min talks that can be shared broadly
To make some one fall in love is easy. To keep them in love is hard work.
Wow I feel badd he drove all the way to my house just to see me :/
The Dawgs better bring a much different attitude to Corvallis on Sunday to salvage this road trip. Hard to be excited right now...
...LMAO you should Follow ...So you...
Thanks for the follow.... Be sure to "Like" us on Facebook as well. II Visions Photography, LLC
they haven't determined cause of death they said. No trauma tho. 13 year old?
He's just that guy, that i hang out with, when i have no one to hang out with, and i have no desire to be alone...yeah.
sure man!hay u know I know u right I'm from troys acting class
Today is the tomorrow you were waiting on yesterday to take that necessary step in your life. So are you ready??? - Coach Leslie
Talking Badger txfr process with "not even a black eye" to UW. It was business and conducted in a business fashion.
Thank you to everyone in the military that serve our country! Happy Veterans Day!
It's about time all these fake, bandwagon hopping fans get a refund on their #Yankees caps. Its mid May and the #Orioles are in 1st place.
Last final which I will be failing <<
I was successful because you believed in me. - Ulysses S. Grant, in a letter to Abraham Lincoln ---Mentoring matters!
Power of PPC- As a male, I have liked 2 cosmetic companies in facebook for work. I was advertised cosmetics in facebook & Yahoo right away.
Everyone should go follow chachi 's body guard (: go!
Probably should listen to peppy music when I'm already down but "I'll Follow You Into The Dark" is just so haunting & delicious. *sniffle*
interesting running into you again tonight sir.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Ha ha ha, AWESOME!
I been distancing myself from a lot of people lately, and to be honest I love it
“ If I could freeze time, I'd freeze that moment when we're together.”
Might give up on THE GARDEN INTRIGUE #fridaylistens - it's just boring. And I have loved this series up till last 2. Paris setting = meh.
RT @ ArtInBaltimore Thank you for the offer,will do that.
What was the highlight of your weekend? cc
lmao you dont even know me :)
just missed a fantastic opportunity to say "butt-ending"
ohgod hahaha there are Kony 2012 stickers and posters all over campus.
#saysomethingniceaboutobama he's pretty fly for a black guy
Its that time. Go cats baby
Wtf service is "I wireless"?
Easter in the eyes of a two year old - great fun!
Getting excited about the #bachelor! We DVR and start it late so we can skip commercials, but that also means joining the Twitterverse late.
I hate people!
Liz Claiborne places Kimora Lee Simmons on top of brands that need improvement
so far no one is saying if they are a winner, pretty sure my parents did NOT win. ;)
To perform at an open mic later... or stay home and relax... decisions decisions...
Kris Jenner on the Today Show: "I'm not here to be Kim's personal spokesperson." ...um, then why are you here?!
Even at an Oregon Duck game there is still some schmo is kU crap.
#RESPECT Yes He DID!! RT : GASP! THE BUTLER DID IT DIRTY!!!! POWER by
If mtv play dis damn "Glow In The Dark" video again ....smh
8o I doubt I will be...unless my cousin knows if she can scoop tickets..I just peeped the lineup
Seriously can't walk. In so much pain.
Fun rhymes, Norm. Thanks for the follow.
It's tax day; did your Senior Loved One file his/her taxes?
Do you guys still do Purchase night at Bar Four?
no one cares. And fuck this culinary class.
A third party seller hijacked the main buying option, but Amazon has it for $9.99, new, from them.
Congrats there!
Thanks! RT : New site looks awesome. Some representation of the awesome stuff going on inside.
Finally! Waking up inspired enough so nothing but writing will do. What I do first sets the tone for the day. Anyone else like that?
RT “: Have i told you i love you”Lately ««lol thats it!
Gearing up...
I miss the people that were on the charger wagon other than that, I'll take our bus haha it has a/c and heat
Oh dear god it's bacon night. You done gone and me cry Max.
Good morning Thursday!!!!
Got to be true to myself and it feels like I am just too close to love you. So I'll be on my way.
Getting ready to play "mr. mom" today with the kiddos as works on schoolwork.
lol so this girl said that cody sounds like a girl..... really?......
"Paradise Circus" by Massive Attack.
There goes my bracket. I had Mizzou (my alma mater) down to win the whole thing. Ggrrr...
The stock market test will come after 2:30 today when unhedged fund margin calls are met. If market bounces up from here relief rally is on
Im in my living room and I got Grammys all around me And famous bitches doing nose candy all around me.
yes please
Voting has been up a day and already 23 votes March is going to be awesome! Have you voted for or ?
We'll see you at the on Sunday, right? Music, spirits, food, gifts, good peoples. 5th/Waller, Sundays 11am-3pm
the person to the left and the person to the right of me cant let them be better then me keeps me going harder and harder
looks yummy! :)
#facebook is down! Watch for riots in the streets soon
aw, thanks for the invite
Thanks for the RT!
Yes. You win. Seriously. That sounds amazing...
Sometimes no answer is the best answer you could give someone.
Gay people are not confused they know what they like so deal with it<3
Nearly all activities are improved with a beer in hand. Except maybe driving.
Much needed day with my best friend to get my mind off of things. Now it's time to fix this and move forward.
We also offer OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!!
I hate it when people lecture you, and act like they're so much more superior than you.
Yes, I do pretend to talk on my cell phone if you are near and creepy.
how i didnt even help cameron?
RT : Amen! &She is always pleasure to watch.She has the elegance of Nobility&Charisma of Angle &Bravery...
Is it okay if I have a crush on Blaine?
#Imweakfor southern accents ;D
(AP) - Former Penn State coach Joe Paterno admitted to hospital for observation due to minor complications from cancer treatments.
“: Feeling extremely #Blessed today.” best feeling and you are so blessed!! XO
It is easier to raise strong children than to repair broken men. - Frederick Douglass
Oh goodness. Been there. Hang tough! RT : There is a purgatory. It's called Chuck E Cheese.”
Kids who can't spell for shit nowadays can thank the Chick Fil-A cows on the billboards.. they #turrible!
haven't I explained this to you. That is my brother's XBL account. Used to be mine hints the name match. BACK OFF BRO! BF3 4LIFE
Saw a table that had "I love Canadians" written all over it and thought of :)
If this doesn't get retweeted you will suffer from erratic erection syndrome where you will only get boners in horrible situations
There's less country played here than Minny, too.
Just make the time that you have with him last forever <333
Just joining. You guys look busy. -George
Now a half hour into the first round, everything is going very smoothly.
Aye ima let y'all know Lebron only has confidence to shoot if he up by 20
Turned in a paper for class and then the Prof let us out. Hell yes
Just got puked on, no big deal
RT : Artists interested in submitting your song(s) to THE HIP HOP SHOW on WYAM JAMMCHICAGO, DM me!!! RT please!
Just found out I can set the calendar on my iPhone to the Buddhist calendar. Thus it's now the year 2555.
I just tread the transcript of Jack Kerouac on the William F. Buckley show (w/ Lewis Yablonsky and Ed Sanders). Really depressing . . .
Keywords make the world go round - so make sure you're using the right ones for your Google Places listing.
Ok Attack The Block was a tad better than I thought it would be
actually it's one of the BEST examples of wasted talent! Denver is now the real #LobCity!
I hate waking up in the middle of the night
Eminem is fuckin AMAZING
I'm ready to live the D1 coaching life. Won't be much longer.
Yes, we want to know Raheem. Much success to you and thanks again for singing at my birthday bash.
Canton Economic Development Committee meeting tonight at 6pm. All are welcome. Broom Factory, press 2-3-5 at front door for access.
Luvthis!RT : “If we teach today as we taught yesterday, we rob our students of tomorrow.”—John Dewey
Ha! To be technical, she can't. Long Twizzlers don't have holes in them. Red Vines do though...maybe you should suggest a switch?
no problem ;-)
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Work is what it sounds like WORK, its not gonna be fun, enjoyable or great. Its WORK
Glad you liked that one.
What WHAT!!!!! Just got out of work and damn its a nice evening! Can't wait to play & enjoy great music!
First news, my mom told me I'm getting and #iPad3 tomorrow. #awesome Second news, a head hunter contacted my mom to set up a job interview.
Tonight the Black Moses will part the red sea of #clippernation and lead our people to victory.
“: the turkish hammer” - YEAH
Don't depend on others to believe in you. There's nothing better than to believe in yourself.
Aim and work toward becoming what you ever dreamed to become but cherish and try to appreciate what you already are...be blessed!
lets do it.
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much? And could you follow me? It would seriously mean a lot. i love BTR and heffron drive! :)
I wish Austin could be my boyfriend...
A Very Merry Christmas to you too!
nah man (; eat some Swedish pancakes and think of me
keep that to yourself buddy!
Arby's side salads: What a healthy obsession to have..
Rookie #XavierAvery triples in 1 and scores his 2nd run tonight when #JJHardy goes deep to LF. #Orioles on top 5-3 after 5.
Darn! Maybe SLC for in April? ;)
hi! How are you? Sorry I had school and now I'm at work xD busy busy
alright, what are you gonna do this weekend?
Said a prayer for safe return of Moriah & retweeted. My heart goes out to the family
RT "Supergirl #7 is what I read Super comics for" then read Supergirl #16 Origins Revealed from 07 - She's one badass chick.
right there with ya :)
NEXT 2 PEOPLE TO @ REPLY US GET A FREE CODE FOR OUT POCKET ARTIC APP! READY? GO!
RT : #mmtcforum Angela Giancarlo, creative use for #spectrum in various fields e.g.
Hi Cindy, we're here! Do you have any TEFL questions for me? You can chat them when you're ready!
get a job as a bouncer now with those muscles! Then I can get into more shows ;)
I speak out of love, lit journals: please stop with the quirky submission guidelines.
DAY! OFF! DAY! OFF! DAY! OFF!
In the valley for a meeting...almost forgot my passport might need to stop at
Hi Anita, thanks for the follow back!
The only person you can trust fully is yourself. Even friends pull you down.
THEN I DON'T WANT YOU AROUND
and I shall visit you too ! :) Ireland! :D
FOR TODAY ONLY!! Get a case of C+Swiss Hemp Tea or Xtamina Energy Drink for $10 off, use coupon "tweet" www.myspace.com/justbarelylegal
RT Hey moms!!! If you leak, PLEASE stop jumping and running!!! Not forever...just until you fix it.
Props to my boy way to rep WI tonight on Man vs Food!
I know she told me lol!! I miss you too, come back into my life!? 317-871-1452
Morning twitter!! Back to handling business...I just love Mondays....Don't you??
the city has come in and bulldozed a lot of the play areas. There was even a spot that had a sling set up.
Seek shelter from the storm at our place! We recommend the Farmer’s Market Linguini with asparagus pesto, roasted mushrooms and spinach!
We'll start taking students off of the waitlist soon. If you've taken the SAT again please send us updated scores!
Mexican tonight! Love it!
Who are your pics for the
Gotta love the NY court system
Working on my blog header, wanted the nephew&my lil one in the pic, lots of "stay here","go there","no stop","come on guys" & a stubbed toe.
#np Only Wanna Give It To You - Elle Varner ft. J. Cole, love it!
where are you from?
the sharp cheddar is what makes today's quiche so good.
Hey there...thanks for the tips. Will RT!
Walking in the snow & God's snowflakes tickling my eyelashes in Seattle
What time is it? I do believe it is wine thirty. Yes, wine thirty pm.
4:45 is too early for sunset, I like winter but I miss daylight.
I was just there! Well, sitting outside baja but whatever
is more than good enough
I did the exact same thing today. What are you knitting?
that would be the death of me. lole
Happy 25th Birthday, Arena Football! But seriously, who gives a sh*t.
People use my phone to fight with each other.
Nice to see you on here!
Man I need some food
Bribing a baby with food so I can get a hug....
If you were lame would you want someone to tell you?
Wow. The internet is kind of underwhelming this morning.
At the office..
i feel soo sick man my eyes hurt!!! thank gawd for 3 hour release tomorrow
I'll just play along. I got you and at AVN. I just need to get on poster lol
Good morning good tweeples, happt tuesday
Advertisers will gravitate where the eyeballs are . But also looking for engagements
you clearly have not been to an August game in Texas. haha.
Uhm no??! I was on my. Timeline so no sir!
That awkward moment when your talking and your gum falls out of your mouth and you look like an idiot.
The fighting continues at the Fort at Ninety-Six, SC. Over 1,800 loyalists are attacking a rebel possessed fort containing 600 Continentals.
tebow trade..dont believe every thing u read or hear.(see braun case). if u listen to espn u r a fool
"it needs to snow in the fall --- so that it can practice for winter!" - Miles age 4
hey i have a ? i have been trying to meet justin for over 3 years i ve tried everything and everywhere u guys help fans?
Watching married with children at work. So funny
Let's go #Falcons! Matt Ryan is going lead us to a comeback
come on Kev...you know it ain't nothing but a word my G.
Gone, but not forgotten. Now she really is his ANGEL. <U+2665>
Kevin Martin with 25 points after going scoreless last night.
you're always saying they're garbage
Pouring some out for the Bulls tonight. Tough fate, next year.
Je t'aim.
excited for preparing for their Ready to Run weekend. Send us some great ladies, ladies!
You will never change
now off to semi-counterproductive dinner at Freebirds!
We look forward to inducting Kathy Mattea into the West Virginia Music Hall of Fame in 2011!
Drink more water today. When we are dehydrated our blood cells become mushy sticking together making us tired. Ask me 1 way to tell check.
TRACK: Field Day: Warren sweeps Corry
ditto! RT : looking forward to seeing + more over the next few days
Internet is slow in Shanghai today. It is beginning to stress me out.
Ty and same to u Even if it's truly that day, someone will imply one of those words that end n "ist" and b insulted
First three questions imma start asking: whats your name? Do you work or go to school? How many kids do you have?
Mail just came in, new trick day = )
Don't care for the Nuggets...hate the Lakers *changes channel*
I've never had it I always wanted to try!!
I watch every game he does with the volume down. Can't stand him or the way Musberger kowtow's to him.
Omg Yayy!!! :D I JUST bought some burlap ones today! I LOVE buying new toms lol
is Syracuse still around?
Want to hear all my stories I remember from tonight? Tune into tomorrow at 11am for my pregame show LIVE from New Orleans
I'm just trying and I cant. Lol. My body knows its tired, but it's not responding! lol
What. Lame. Exit through the Gift Shop was robbed.
put the child friendly scissors down.
I don't remember. Perhaps something that my spell checker corrected for me.
Suspended so I wont be at skool tomorrow
Suicide, bankruptcy, divorces, children in different states, criminal activity, injuries, et al, are consequences of CHOICES.
Weekend with the moms (mine and my wife's) and of course a little personal R&R. Thanks for asking. Enjoy it!
i think im cursed....dont ask what the curse is, just know that i am...sigh...
long story.
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.<3333
Wife: Steve Harvey pic gon make black relationships worse. Me: It's just a movie. Wife: Love Jones made black poetry worse. Game: Blouses.
I'm faded, faded , faded , faded , yeah nigggaaaa I'm faded & I don't give a fuuckk .
You're welcome!
When Keith accepts, we'll discuss details.
Create space, time and investment in YOU. Wanting to be a great singer/artist doesn't happen without the COMMITMENT to BECOME.
Cheers back at you, Eric and !
White people always act like dey aint seen no black people b4
We are born wet, naked, and hungry. Now you think life is hard-download- InSpotter app
If you want to ask me something about ........ !!!!! I don't know anything !!! :) if someone wants more followers just tell me ....... :)
So, how is everyone doing? :-)
hahah oh lord thanks
finished South Hills Chorale concerts over weekend. Proud to have finished the season. Really challenging.
You haha RT : Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now. Lets Go!
On the weekends I'm like Give Me Everything tonight [; & on Monday's I'm like give me an A on my English essay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thank you very much.
Wouldnt it b awesome if poker was in the Olympics and yu could bet what your country's worth? Costa Rica's all in with 15 coconuts OH.
that was my favorite advice fr Hood (via GPaley, right?) in wkshop.
Watching a squirrel trying to find shelter from the rain, it's actually quite hilarious. Sit, think, run, sit, run, think, run, shelter
Spring break starts... Now
I did some more ranting this morning. That's what happens when I'm tired of Mully & Hanley and have to listen to Mike & Mike
I agree with myself follow me
Back in DC and heading to get dinner with a friend. Man I missed this city and the metro
you are quicker than quick, baddest!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Last chance to order for your Administrative Professional for delivery tomorrow! Call by 8pm toinght and we'll deliver in the morning!
Alshon jeffery or hill with th 2nd round pick let's go!!
Great pt. Only guess is that non-blocked dest. were consistent with what little Bo got from him over the phone.
Success comes to people who work for it, not people who just sit around and wonder why they are not successful.
Have questions about a wine we carry or looking for a specific varietal? Ask Jay The Wine Guy by emailing
Watching a cooking show on beets. Don't want to mush the beet or smash the beet. Good to know.
So obnoxious
Enjoyed breakfast with the lovely and hilarious in NYC this morning. So sweet.
I like you ten times more after that tweet
Thanks so much for all of the birthday love from my friends family clients and fb followers! Xo!
Yeah, uh...he's gonna need you to come in Sunday too...#tps RT Dang! wants me to work Saturday.
So the b.tch came over and gave my grandma $20 telling her not to give it all to me at once.. TF B.TCH IT 20 DAMN DOLLARS NOT MILLIONS
Dear Summer: CAN YOU HURRY UP ALREADY !!!!!!
working on the upcoming new things you guys! :D
my will is as strong, and my kingdom as great....damn, I can never remember that line.
Lunch Smart Ones English Muffing Sandwich W/Egg Whites & Cheese, 2 Sandwiches, Bagel Bites, Pepperoni, 2 Servings, O Water Wild Berry
Espresso. Necessary. Done.
RT - Miami Dolphins All Day
Picked my #drupal theme for #ScanMan's website!! Thanks to ! Can't wait to see it! :-)!
I miss when MTV really was MUSIC television. Not "Let me show you how to get drunk, do drugs, and get pregnant"
thank u sis!! I love u!! Text me today
Just dropped off 2.5 bags of old clothes to donate. Some lucky people in the ATL are gonna score a lot of Wisconsin gear
May issue now at R&P Cafe & Evidence Based Chiropractic (also in R&P building). Pick up home fries & gravy at the Cafe, while you're at it!
#10ThingsILoveAboutYou When you are Austin Carter Mahone
oh... No uterus updates from me...
“Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.”
RT RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers,1 of you will win Daily Renewal kit & Anti-Aging kit, worth $200+ glutenfree
Come to Tavern on the Green tmrw at 10am 4 live demo of /w host Mary Ann Wilson. bringing seniors, but fun 4 all ages
you got it. Or maybe we should get you on a panel?
I have met the most amazing people at #BASHH tonight.
I prefer... "Goodbye Detroit".... but, to each his own....;)
Nick Cannon looks great tonight with his bow tie.
Accompanying for a middle school choir concert tonight. Got the music last night. Should be interesting!
The ladies in this hair salon<<<<<
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not question decisions of the President.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. Voltaire
I think im the only person who dont ever qet two spend time with my boyfriend.! Uqh.! N its even worse because we have a baby toqether.! :(
Whenever I see a Svedka commercial, I plan to sue them 21 years from now for false advertising. Best vodka of 2033? We'll see about that...
's friends playing monopoly
My is flickering. Anyone else experiencing this problem? cc:
Just saw that will be this Saturday. Talk about a can't miss show!
she's married to alyson michaeleks dad
on my way!
"In the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwelling; he will hide me in the shelter of his tabernacle and set me high upon a rock."
Only had the bad mojo for a minute!
aww ah, i just have to say we need miss beninson tomorrow! i'm still celebrating after sunday going around singing city chantsx
There are some who view Texas as simply "meta", phor good or ill.
Wow, I need a life. I just realized I spent the entire day looking at One Direction videos & pictures.
oh but he's adorable...so it's ok!
Pirates on the high sea the captain of that ship is a example of a leader we can learn something from this captain death before dishonor
After introductory speeches by MOC Board Chairman Matt Thompson & MOC Pres. Waite Rawls, Robert K. Krick is introduced as our 1st speaker.
#cq5 disregard my last tweet. What I really need to ask is why tab complete in #crxde so bad
Off to the swim meet.
I decided to check mine too :)
Great Photos on your Blog!
fresh out th shower about to go to the movies with my step mom : things you do when you don't have a man
Texans lost more of their mojo Mario williams is out for season with torn pectoral muscle and will have surgery this week.
Bodicerippers for lexicographers!
That's not a good look 4 u
Petroleum is the blood pumping civilization to function. It seems this might actually be the year solar and computing power tips the balance
i walk all weird now lol trying not to hurt the back XD
You deserve a tweet wholly unto yourself. #FF the one and only
And we all love acronyms! :) I thk the HOPE acronym is one worth teaching our kids, esp ones who need to exercise resilience
Huge day for #hoosiernation and #iubb. Can't wait for tip-off RT It's National Proud to Be a HOOSIER Day!!! Sweet Sixteen, baby!!
Don't judge me. I stole it fairly.
Where was tonight? She would have made the #Grammys worth watching.
Why am I watching Pitt when Caps/NYR are on? Come to think of it, why am I watching Pitt when ANY hockey game is on?
Sometimes we need to cry, so we could see clear aqain. Just let the pain qo away. !.!!. =]
Kobe's 48 he say's sarcastically "Not bad for the 7th best player in the league" then gives the look..
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/31/2012 and was under her calorie goal
This cupcake >
Cheer up MarthaVan! It's Friday.
gymnastics = exhaust bending?
Hate that Budweiser sign more than the home run sculpture.
when you find the place where your heart belongs, you'll never leave.
RT #RIP NATE DOGG condolences to his family,kids & comrades sending our prayers an luv!
Thank you so much. I have just been perusing your site. Very professional! Your list of services is pretty comprehensive, too!
I settled on big sky summer honey. Yum
Riding my new bus! it sucks!
Lil Wayne is so annoying now.
Happy birthday to the all-American animal crackers!
why you no write me back on facebook hahah jk
Holy Is it really time???
her kid is having a worse one :-(
Deep, Deep, Tissue Massage Awesomeness from Andrew. My brain feels abit like jello, hm good or bad thing?
We need to catch up soon. I have an awesome creative writing class I'm taking this semester that I want to tell you about!
Happy b-day!
Thanks, doll.
Preciate it bro!
Thanks, Joe!
I wonder why the Sprockets movie fell apart.
lol it was a must lol we all we got at this ceremony
The intro to Gimmie Shelter is awesome
Let me claim what's mine
so how is you day going ms mattie?
We got some good crowd last night and we have a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night Hm Hm...
#ThatOnePersonWho isn't afraid to leave their phone alone when they walk out of the room, because they have nothing to hide.
I'd say it's all part of a tanking plan, but they might actually be worse with him on the court.
Who did you email? We'll look into it!
jade wax ma arm with a piece of tape
wow.. amazing
Last question: what is the key to getting an interface adopted by consumers?
Cant take credit for it - ours teens did the script, acting, editing.. Everything! Thanks!
I walked past Township earlier this afternoon and heard DIVE sound checking. They sounded good! ... That's all I got about that.
I know, right? I mean, I can live with one kidney. Charlie the Unicorn did it.
wow...you rock but if i hit up nordies they will probably cut up my cc right there. in front of me.
I swear I was gonna flip the fuck out on my manager if she said one more thing to me rudely.
I love how #DannyDeVito is both the narrator and the villain in
The poem must be true...girls are made of sugar...Cuz the friggen ants won't leave me alone!..Squish...Squish
we weren't talking about keeping fit, active, or healthy. We were talking about eating. I'm fit, active & healthy & I eat a lot.
Before you head home from work, swing by the City-County Building & vote early. Don't need a reason, but do need ID. Call 327-VOTE for info
THIS SuN 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If "U" Say "YES" what "I" want is "NEXT?" #Ultimatums call 626 657 2149
“: So I Just Sent Terri My Twitter Pict & Her Ass Is Completely CLUELESS!!! SMH” I ain't get no pic </3
thanks for the kind words! Always a pleasure to have you.
your not going??
Who wants to cook for me??
haha, I'd love to have one, there mint! X
neither can we ; )
What is a man to do?
It's a pain that still lingers here, Sara.
My oatmeal is extra chewy this morning.
Drinking chia seeds
I hate how I have to look like the bad guy when all I want is something good out of everything. I'll always remember what I did for you
Ok never mind was right. Correia sucks more than a drunk Lacee Collins at the Clevelander
You and the Big Show remind me alot of the Hart Founndation your the Porsche and Big Show is well an aircraft carrier!!
Great by today kicking off 's fall series. Looking forward to upcoming talks by and
OhioHighRiskPool.com is designed to give uninsured Ohioans with pre-existing conditions access to quality health insurance.
Can't put into words the epicness of what I just saw. just became a LEGEND. THAT is what makes me LOVE being a fan.
Titanic 100th Anniversary: "Rose" and the Heart of the Ocean necklace based on real life events: via
Can I go on a vacation now?
I have a good relationship with my mom
Ok so who thinks Tampa Bay Lighting will win series?? who thinks Boston Bruins will win? Vote now Ryan Seacrest will announce winner.
Definitely the worst of his novels, but that doesn't mean what it usually means. Looking forward to your review.
I hate getting legitimately excited about something and then it just doesn't happen.
RT : The song is gorgeous, can't wait RT : Sounds amazing!
Interviewing on TV can be scary. Forget about the camera and you won't freeze up if you see it as conversation between you and the reporter.
awe I know the feeling! Its so true tho. You're making me wanna turn back and give my widdle Pebbles a hug lol :P
I miss COME OVER. <3
lovely look forward to it
Thanks Connie, I am just trying to figure out this twitter stuff. Look forward to seeing you.
I hate yellow skittles:/
- animate however you want. I would give a clip & judge the entertainment and execution...here's some art!..
Davis says there would be a credit on his charge card if double billing occurred.
I'm leaving nxt Thursday for #SinCity. Have fun!
Here's an idea. Shut the fuck up.
22444 8 favorite candy? - Sour Patch Kids ^.^ IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
It's been almost two days since I watched the finale, and I still have so many Barney and Robin feelings...
Fuckin wit ASAP ROCKY "GOLDIE"
Did you have anything in particular that you wanted to collab on?
kill a pack
There are some funny walks of same this morning on southport
Awesome, Valerie. I'll definitely be around on Monday. Tweet me :). Will u be attending the expo opening?
thank you :)
also can't wait for the Snowballs Film Festival on June 3rd! Episode 4 will be screening that night!
Austin rted me .. And then rted a tweet with me tagged in it.. OMG OGGGM <Be.YOU.tiful>
Track #multiple locations - #Inventory Management; TRACK - #Pkgs, #Vehicles, #Assets, #People. #Mobile, #Integrate w/ #Quickbooks,
Hi Ro. I'm Steve, and I'm a fellow shoe whore.
are we going to come to knw what A gave Dr.Sullivan at the end of "over my dead body" ?
George Clooney, he acts, writes, directs and is civil disobedient. Is there anything this man can't do?
The Bachelor is getting sued for race discrimination for failing to ever cast non-white leads. They'll probably end the show first.
Look for DVD and VOD April 10
Working on an opportunity that would help Green Detroit. Thank you DEGDC and Les Dags!
Just got on a shuttle to go to a gate far away from the airport. I think we might actually be driving to savannah.
So, now that David Robinson joined Twitter, do you reckon the Dream is gonna join just to block him?
I do not think this is the way.
Just in the past half hour, our Facebook page has grown to over 500 fans! You all are so amazing! Keep spreading the word!
RT : "You speak for people who are voiceless, and that's what it means to be a Democrat" -
Congratulations! I'm looking forward to seeing you walk on the 19th.
Wow. I am amazed daily
Sounds like your Dad will be making a road trip to DC with you!!
Thanks Girl!!
Digging around in the bowels of the Internet for ancient UNIX code. I forget the web is so new
Daniel Clowes: "Everyone knows the difference between graphic novels and comics is that graphic novels are full of filthy language."
Who on earth can get that low anyway?
it is a good thing! i am waiting to hear, but applied at several other places just in case!
that's been the dynamic of our relationship for the past ten years, bro. ;)
#GOMOnow insists on personal power when we're tempted to play the victim card.
It may be time to turn this all over to younger minds with more energy.
Was this yesterday afternoon? Added the text msg security & received a text of an attempt to access my Gmail
Hey there, saying thanks for the RT, Rosie rocks, eh?
"Hot Pink" is the greatest. You must know it!
Sure can! We just need to hold this lead...
"Sometimes the empire is called an 'ump'" says a 7yo DudeSter as I feed him warm milk.
No idk y that song is in my head. Havent heard it in years
Launching this week. Some stats: About 8000 Books, 25,000 Poems, 3500 Authors. Best part... NO Ads in the new Read Print. Just free books!
Aw man, I wish I could be as hipster as you...
I love emily and riki <3
people who have been divorced multiple times should stfu about gays/lesbians supposedly "destroying the sanctity of marriage"
Happy Halloween ghosts & ghouls! It's my favorite holiday!!! Totally going to watch Hocus Pocus & The Legend of Sleepy Hollow tonight, xx
He is risen! Happy Resurrection Day to all of my friends in the Twitterverse!
Your steak was awesome!!!
Haha no! I use Grove Online all the time even though the library copy is less than 5 feet from my desk.
There’s something magical about the gift of wellness. RT this if you received a gift card to Massage Envy this holiday season!
So buying It!
That was a great event! We had so much fun.
Sister is sick, hypochondria hasn't settled in yet I haven't started opening things with my feet to avoid direct contact with germs.
like clockwork!
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking! ;)
Today brings us one more day closer to #Packers football! Love reading about all the rookies reporting for rookie camp today.
Worst. Car ride. Ever.
Practiced guitar and voice for the last 3 hours.... Iyiyiyiyiy
God, will you please throw me down a fast forward and rewind remote down here on Earth? It'd be so much easier.
Stick, good. Don't go auto. Hurry up so you can drive to my house :)
And that's why Twitter trending topics stink. Don't spread rumors about people being dead, idiots.
Can we get an initiative on the Nov ballot to pay for Prop B? And will Prop B's supporters support it? Jerry? Nathan?...
I just sent mine too!!!
Dave Stewart of Eurythmics planning Mollydooker concert, and more wines Eurythmics star Dave Stewart plans to follow the launch of his ow
What up this is Exile from Reverbnation coming thru.
Don't waste your time getting into a relationship with someone you can't picture in your future
something similar happened to Christy last year, too. I've carefully avoided it b/c I watch too much tv already
Gotta learn how to give before you can truly appreciate and know how to receive.
@ the TCA NBC/Universal party, and its good.
Wow I lost 30 followers. Great.
where are you cheering us on from?
might have had me laughing all damn day
yeah yeah go ahead because you were right and I was wrong :p
Was just thinking about you today. I was watching the video & there were some behind the scenes shots of u :)
Album artwork will be done by Friday evening!!!! Dropping the mixtape shortly after that!
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
I miss DFish with all my heart. RT : Derek Fisher with a big three-pointer. (Looks at the calendar.) Yep, sounds about right.
Make sure and "like" our Facebook page www.Facebook.com/Revenj
Happy Birthday! The passes you well and you meet many more years! Best wishes today and always C:
WE WANT BLACKMON! (CLAP, CLAP, CLAP, CLAP, CLAP)
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase, MLK Jr. Great sermon this morning!
I no rite!!! Feels like 4eva and a day!!!
wishing you a full recovery!!
searching for a bday restaurant in NYC. so excited!
GO FOLLOW NEW ONE (:
I think vagina is an ugly word.
It felt so wrong, it felt so right, don't mean I'm in love tonight.
Just finished softball and I'm not as sore as last week.
We can get so consumed with everything going on around us, sometimes its nice to sit down, and have a nice dinner with friends, and family.
cuz my bitch look like Hurry up and Buy!!! my man Meek Millz said that!! lol =)
Good Morning. Watching Home Alone and getting ready for work
Does anyone know how many days until training camp?
stop being such a sourpuss whenever you're shot on the street or beach..nobody likes a brat
I'm going to focus on school and nothing else.
Not easily broken...
Gksyoeypdupdupcclhgpjljccjpyiddtryf NIALL MARRY ME. NOW. K
My Faith shall pave the way for me through close doors & high Mountains...
I took a hard loss, but I bounce right back, like a tennis ball that hit the wall
#5Kin100Days Looking forward to my Week 1 - Day 1 workout today. I missed last week due to being in the hospital. Wish me luck!
Tom Britt's Interview with David McIntosh at Mama Bears in Geist! Please offer share this interview with your friends and family in the 5th!
don't get too complacent about orbital debris
If your racist, just stay inside your house Damnit.
kale?! I love kale and all... but it's no Brussels sprouts. And what can you do with kale that you can't do with sprouts?
EXACTLY SAME HERE!!:D
"Be very careful to...serve Him with all your heart & all your soul." - Joshua 22:5
Thanks I have plenty of time starting to look into places for the IRISH game in October, I may be attending :)
I mean SMH .No ..1ever tells U that as ( The Boss ) U have not only put up with Ppls Ish.. But U will be faced with a Mountain of Ish daily
I Sinned In the Willows
Sh!t UK fans Say. How many blocks does he have? Who's doing the "Y" tonight? 7 is greater than... Take him to the rim!
Woman who has the tick causing her to repeatedly say "oh, dear!" You made my day. Woman who bought 50+ glass angels, you ruined it.
Sarah Palin isn't running for #POTUS. At most she'll pull a Trump and let the media speculate while her name brand benefits and grows.
...do you want to help out at the kiosk on friday 6-9pm special event
wow but what about racism out there? is it cheep to live out there?
yes sir. I could see Mosley outpointing Alvarez if Canelo takes to long to get things started... but thats wishful thinking.
just cominnn into london now!, found out theres gonnaa be a protest-.-
And if you could try, try not to forget me cause I'm moving on to bigger and better things :3
Maybe different worldviews: personal agency vs. determinism
digital infrastructure needs to be connected to a compelling question - we don't always remember this
1st student at #IAS12 to find and (awkwardly) hug him gets a signed advance copy of the 2nd Ed of Project Guide to UXD!
Bill proposes full legal status for humanist weddings
Orchard Lounge is coming to to spin Thursday! This is a show U don't wanna miss!!!!!
Gorgeous suit !
Do you still enjoy reading magazines and newspapers or do you prefer to read online?
a little rust today just give it time and ill be back
Change messaging. Don't be repetitive in tweets/RTs. Use your hashtags wisely.
yuck ! those dudes scared me to death - i would always paranoid they were going to be murderers/stalkers
Palgrave expects to publish 3-4 titles/ yr. invites inquiries from authors and editors about their current projects.
hope they provide you all the inspiration you need for the rest of your week!
RT : Love Staccato Gelato on a beautiful afternoon in Sellwood! Stop by and get a scoop for yourself...we're buying! SE...
EPTI will have a Reverse Merger...we don't know with who yet, but it's a Bartel deal.
too bad I'll be missing it- looks like a great lineup! I will be back in #Seattle for though! Hope to see you then.
LOL. PM is from my company, he's good, but on jury duty. The PGM MGR is from our prime. My 2 year old is easier to manage than him
I'm heading to in San Diego to do a story for our local abc station. Maybe they will let me swim with turtles.
I fear I'll never learn how to properly cook. I'm like afraid of stoves.
On my way to Illinois & finna be stuck there for a day
The station lot? Oh man that's why I haven't seen you. I thought we were meeting up at the party spot.
well they won't be bad next year,they might be on the nit bubble watch with him and Kyle. let's hope they're our 16 seed
I didn't want to embarrass her in front of my friend Dan. "You added me on Facebook"
the way your writing me ? :P
Best news ever!
How much sun exposure is enough? What time of day? etc...
Where are you, ?
She's weird
What are you waiting for?!? Come in and see us! Open till 9! $225.00 oz. Mix and Match!! You won't be sorry you did!! :)
I think it means that you are embracing more of the masculine than you feel comfortable with.
"that bitch was not light"
we are proud of all Sporting KC also
“: Haha my dad says I know way too many bands & music at my age(x” they just don't know ;)
that a bet this LV fit ya boy rt mane and I just got a new video cam Lol
#MW2012 I'm confused by your website. Can I register online?
Hoping today's going to be a good day .
And, actually, the very thought of it makes me chuckle, which just goes to show that there is a time and a place for fart jokes in society.
Thanks to Bob for calling in and sharing his frustration. Do you agree with him? Feel the same pain? 317-736-0950
Today was sub-par :-/
He has 1 awesome song and his stand up is great. Everything is is just kind of ehhhhhh.
It #SpursDay hell yea #SpursNation is ready
Gonna go make my first(and hopefully last) attempt to get my permit(: Wish me luck! 1Month<3
Can I please get a follow Kendall? :D it'd sure make me happy!
RT : In Texas, state and local government only gets 78% of the national average.
ok your profile pic
umm you missed english.. There was only 6 of us there & she was nice! But I have to do my essay for the 3rd time
Please check out the project and RT if you support our efforts. We're just trying to
I have officially become addicted to Temple Run after seeing you talk about it. hah
That pisses me off. Im done. Like seriously.
I'm as fuzzy as a peach!
I will instruct you and teach you in the way you should go, I will counsel you and watch over you.
Having a meltdowns because you're to drunk to process what's happening
Omg this fuckin spider is bout to DIE...i hate bugs
He was begging Wendy to get better quickly, so that he could show her the mermaids
LuxeYard Adds Works Of Art To Its Growing List Of Flash Sale Categories
understanding history, community, trust, building sustainable relationship. Central to community based dh
Workout #2. Stay on it
To be fair, though, if what you're looking for is a new form of mediated sociability, these could provide a venue for that.
bat your eyes girl, get that drink!
great performance last night. True heart and skill! Also nice to see you gracious after the fight as well. It's a good look
Have a great weekend!!
Day off in Rome yesterday was nothing short of incredible. For all the touring I do, it feels good to be a tourist every once in awhile.
Hi M,) Ill be the first one in your class lol been posting you 4 years,) I'll post for you prior to your visit,) Jonni Armani
Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist? Didn't think so.
If you live in #SanJose CA. come out to the Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market tomorrow!!! Fresh #Salmon Poke, #Tofu, #Ceviche OVER RICE! ;)
I love you.
#LuvMKE! RT Today I've met a james beard chef, a sailor, a roller derbier (?) and a furniture designer. I love my job.
So put your worries on hold, get up and groove with the rhythm in your soul.
poor Bentley got shots today, now he feels bad /:
saw on Facebook that you want to #MakeHimFamous with Follow the organization and use #Kony2012 to help!
let's go out
glad to hear it!
I really want it to snow to the point of an opm snow day or at least optional telework so I have an excuse to stay under the covers in bed.
#storagewars is a great show!!! Yupp!
Its hard cx
my bros cousin bought 'em up from NC
it has a long story and epic MP
Visited University of New Mexico's campus. Had lunch in the food court with my cousin - great variety of food!
I support every day of my three idols, but today are the exception. Today is Justin's day
We are about to unveil our latest design...well the partial finished piece that is. lol
:D DM me your number sill
uh, yeah. thanks for repeating that. didn't get it the first time.
Perhaps a bit too 1%? But definitely the undeads' preference for slow food speaks in their favor with us.
Thrill The World NYC WE R MEETING AT W10TH STREET NEAR LUNA PARK ON THE BOARDWALK AT 11AM IN CONEY ISLAND TODAY FOR THE NY1 VIDEO SHOOT!
Users, audience, collaborators ??? what do we call those folks who engage our work, especially our public work?
My parents are so cool!
or don't. Sup boo
Great day to run outside!!!
Im also traveling for 2 days to Reno, 3 days to Niagara, and Scranton for 5 days, to Chicago, to Kansas, and Salem
Email marketing works. Got an email. Ordered $200 worth of clothing.
Listening to tech explanation of the GM Volt at #FTF. I'll take one!
Good Morning >.<
inbox me her twitter name
hey i'm sad this month i will not play basketball at my school :'( that's too bad :(
Don't blame u there. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience & will personally make sure Bev calls u when she returns to the office
Thanks to everyone who came to see us at #SXSW... 'cause I'm sure you're up this early after last week...
I'll see you tomorrow with my tools fuckface! RT : you don't have to call me and talk to me like that
Oh we'd love to have you anytime!
no worries i know i'll see you sooner or later!!!
Scan, Read, Learn with QR Codes - Pittsburg Morning Sun (blog)
so back to our Words w/ Friends game...
Thanks , , for stopping by poster!
We're open from 10am-11pm today!
I'm telling you less is more. And if you ask someone now I think she may feel second string, unless it is a cousin or family
“: Somewhere, a team of IT people are loosing it: 1940 Census so popular that servers can't handle demand" So frustrating! CDN?!
InSquared morning sessions: to raise or not to raise with in room 480
Look in the cabinet by the sink. Two please.
Oh shoot, I typed it wrong. Thank you!
if ONE MORE PERSON comes to my door looking for art and/or asking what time my roof opens & closes, I might scream.
oh... that Monroe/Alexader one is going to get a lot of ppl. I drive that way to work. Damn.
well I just wanted to say. Imagine someone had an abortion just to have a kid with One Direction? That popped in my head
Basically.....yo cunt muffin <3 explain to me now!
sometimes shit just aint mint to be man!
my bad we will fix bro
There are some people on my TL that are doing WAY TOO MUCH right now!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : Congratulationss Graduate! RT : My brother graduates from College today. So so so proud!
Can't stand selfish ppl. And you wonder why we don't communicate? Ugh!
While still at only 8% of all giving in the US, online giving has grown by double digits every year since 2009. Join us in making an impact!
I first read this as "drink a hot orange" and my only thought was that sounds DELICIOUS
lee shoulders
More dangerously, this lint build-up is highly flammable and becomes an increasing fire hazard that can threaten your home and family.
A woman with three kids no niggas involved and she still got a bank account close to Oprah Winfrey shyt
Starting early this morning; calling temp agencies, doing some yoga, trying to limit myself to one "oh shit" an hour.
"HEY! IS MARK LANEGAN HERE?"
And a big show at Terminal 5 coming up. NICELY DONE!!!! Looking forward to seeing you all
Yeah Rangers!!
im following
Embarrassing loss to Arizona magnified UCLA's problems
After TNT showed @ tonite's NBA Celtics/Hawks game, Charles Barkley said: "You might be nice, but ur going down." Love it!!!
#ghettocrayolacolors hair mayonnaise white.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. ~ Winston Churchill
Lauryn Hill is bringing me to tears on 's Mothers Day set on Street Sounds.
Who's trynna see tha FiNaTTicz perform live this Thursday at Club Flirt in hit me up to get on my G-List
There's ALWAYS haters shall I post pic of doors busted off their hinges:)": Almost responded to some hate on twitter "what's point
Pre-Mother's Day Special - All facials with ANNIE tomorrow (THURSDAY 5/10) are 20% off!! Call our front desk to book an appointment today!
Chicago has a veterinarian teaching animal science. Importance of relevant, linked learning opportunities.
It was Colt's first year as a starter...maybe the Browns should show some patience before they replace him with an old ginger...
Industry images in from Sandy, Naomi and Lisa
Great start to the circus trip. Hope to keep it going on friday against the Flames.
How have you been Kev?
to north carolina to see my family!! :)
"Michael Norton Confirms Bloomberg Confirmation"
What are you going to do in NYC durng your time off?
The cafeteria at the morning.
Imma send a sexy picture to remind you what you're missing... Fuck that new girl that you like so bad
revelation: anthony davis wears glasses, prob a rare person where glasses would make him look less ugly cause it blocks the unibrown.
#FF RT and we will follow you today!!! Let's go!
Watching tennis then taking a walk and enjoying the beautiful day!
That shit need to come on .
We're making whoopie pies! www.baker-babes.com.
#foofighters playing for the president today :/ wonder if he'll like
I admire that. People say the same of me but I always feel that I getting further behind on my bucket list as well as the laundry
600,000-700,000 CreateJobs wrist bands sold so far. Equals 4,000 new jobs. Zero benefit to Starbucks - leading with values...
AEI is ready to start our new program in Makeni thanks to a generous grant from the Compton Foundation! You can help too at www.aeiweb.org!
guys LOVE the stuff at our store as gifts! check out www.fosterweld.com and use the code TWITTER to get 15% off.
Dope. Dunk on somebody in my honor!
Tim McCarver was awarded Ford C. Frick award. Tim McCarver a hall of fame broadcaster? You gotta be Frick-ing kidding me!
hahahahaaaa So True!!!! :)
I find the #ReasonsYouGetStabbed hash tag very humorous.... I'm going to go read them now!
And now doing #crazyhighgasprices and how delivery businesses are impacted.
like they say brother, haters gonna hate.
#PerryWAC is capitalism the problem or solution? Perry: whatever works
Expect a NEW post tomorrow on how to convince an agent to let their name actor perform in your movie:)
I was supposed to listen to my music and go to sleep, but.....
When life serves me pickles I serve it weights...mid night work Lego....
"You're through. Finished. Burned out. Used up. You've been replaced. . . forgotten. That's a lie!" Charles R. Swindoll
If dont move on in #postseason prepare for predictable lament re: bad TV ratings. Don't need NY LA BOS teams to have good baseball
Its official changes and I don't get along too well.
Why do twitter spamers have avatars of 18 yr old blond chicks? And do these girls know their pictures are being used?
thanks for the love y'all
For a typical #AustinEnergy customer who consumes 1000 kWh of electricity per month, the rate increase is 10% and under $10 a month
welcome to the twitter! Thanks for the follow!
Amen to that, Doc. Green's play showed more than his stats show. Good time to step up.
hearing reviews like this makes MY morning! Thx 4 sharing!:) RT : Friendly, happy cab drivers make my morning. Thanks Flash cab 2372
Zachary I'm going to call you, I didn't see you today.
I would be cranky like yourself if I had missing teeth
The best of things. Can't wait for Shore's work on The Hobbit
You Guys Seriously Needa Get Off Ur Period
Food entrepreneurs- new Balto farm and food center asking for input here: www.americancommunitiestrust.org
Way to steal my tweet haha(:
I found it at a store called lomans ! I didn't keep the tag so I don't remember the brand but u can find them online but
and nothing helps complaining.
what up trop where y'all at tonight
Woot Toby didn't die in 60 seconds, congrats
NACKA Kickball double header!
Love Coronado already!
what u mean ?
It's $14 Tuesday! Any 18" 2 regular topping pizza is only $14. Did you know that an 18" pizza is 65% larger than a 14" pizza?
I am in pre-production for new music recordings and back from the 51st Grammy Awards and Parties. I will update and give reviews here soon.
I TiVo all WPT Events and I was in Vegas watching the 25k WPT championship and my Dad and I were on TV!! So freaking cool. I TiVod myself
Crap, nearly bedtime. I'm a little over-stimulated from the wine.
i figured it out after i replied. yes, i did. i was testing some functionality for my job. i had meant to not let it post.
": Does anyone have a creative way to begin saving for and funding a wedding reception?" Stag n Drag party aka Jack & Jill.
you know the things we were talking about affect that too.
are 911 calls confidential? just asking bc as i try to get mine optioned the la emergency publisher says rights don't revert back to me.
Recovery from bad year end review. D3 seeks insurance coverage litigation paralegal candidate for immediate temp to hire/direct hire opport…
It's a Doer kind of day at , should you be as scared as ? Probably. (via )
Blinds up to 100-200. No antes yet
*hugs* that really sucks.. sorry for the late reply, sent it frm wrong account, im not watching that tl.
what's up punk
A4 f/u: don't know many ppl who visit league-owned sites for their content. Perhaps this changes if legislation passes?
Christmas Gift Baskets – Adorable Bears, Delicious Cookies - My 3 favorite Holiday Gift Baskets FIXED LINK
we all think your character is up to something. Waiting on the girl fight with u and
Props to and their staff! Thank you for hosting us!
A Rodge has a sweet stache
Before to kill myself...I'll rape you, ! So be careful what you wish for !!!
I survived work. Thankfully the phone lines were kind to me today.
Russel Wilson's gonna be proving everybody wrong
but that is not the proper spelling according to urban dictionary
theres only like 30 days of school left. omg.
Note to self: self, must meditate at lunch. Thank you. You're welcome.
Dining at Eastern Standard. My favorite restaurant.
We have over 5,000. Tons of tackiness! RT searching for the best, most dope tacky christmas sweater.
I got a tweet limit lol
Feelin' it at the gym this morning.
This lady showed up in 5inch heels aha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
i want that!
without You holding my heart i'm fallin' apart.
wow I wasn't invited
Poet Louise Mathias confirmed for Rhapsodomancy's April 1st, 2012 reading. Save the date!
Didn't like the #Pittsburgh Weather when we woke up today.. BUT, not calling out Mother Nature as a #Jagoff because she could do WORSE
In a nutty mood? Swirl some peanuts into your yogurt today to add some crunch!
more times!!!! Goodnight
any promocodes or specials? Need to get to dca Tues AM.
That's not rain. That's pestilence.
Thanks for following and right back at ya. I look forward to learning more about your material. Gene
How's everyone's week going so far?
Thanks luv, you too!! :)
pleasee follow me (:
Amazing, Self Acupressure Face Lift using your iPhone! What`s next? Check it out at www.EshakNation.com Best! DonnO
such passion. I assume it's backed up with action for the Tunisians beyond your tweet-rants.
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
Haven't used twitter in a bit!:P better start using it again!! ^__^ soo let's see this 4 day weekend has to be pretty good one!!:)
At Google+ talk interested in interaction between brands and digital video entertainment can work. Not sure platform is ready yet
I'm kinda shocked hasn't said they'll do anything about the hair in my salad & chicken in my veg panini...
haha those were crazy! I like these retro ones better.
RT : Michelle Bachmann, the Manchurian Candidate just listen 2 her repeat the same programming ovr & over again
they got buried way down im sure... but its cool. its over. i still owe u a favor tho.. cuz i want my credit to be good. lol
on #Leadership - As Mark Madoff tragically learned, your reputation is all the equity you ever really have. Build it and protect it fiercely
even if i said dawns she knows your matts sister soo, but its fine as long as matt isnt there!
I think I just did it, created one, shared it with you and made it collaborative. We're in!
I'M LOSING MONEY EITHER WAY!
Thanks for the follow As a huge Michigan fan, I am following back in silent protest.
up till 12.
I remember going to crib & I was gonna leave her my CD - then I saw a bin full of demo CDs & changed my mind lol
Analog time.
A DONT PICK UP MY TWITTER KEEP FACE OUT MY BOOK N STAY OUT OF MYSPACE BCUZ I RUN DIS BLACK PLANET
P.S. In case I haven't said it before, I'm proud of you.
Serving up breakfast for dinner at Kathy's House .... WGIRLS style!
<==this is what haters look like!
Despite loss, Ravens held Brady to his 2nd worst QB rating in 21 career playoff games (57.5).. Also just the 3rd time he had 0 passing TDs
Ah to work, sound of systems failing
To be loved I got that.
What up, Soup Cup? Lol
you can tell just from their Twitter accounts..that's why I never go to the westside of Florida. Mufasa told me never to go
My stomach has been feelin funky all day -.-
Don't ever let a boy get you down, down down soul sister!!
I love how my mom doesn't know how yo parent, so she calls my dad to parent for her.
No problem! :)
RT if Sex is so much fun, why is Sex Education so breathtakingly boring? >> U need better study aids..lol
My advice to all of you today! "LOOK TO BIRTH CONTROL QUICK!!"
Be careful: How you speak is how you think, how you think is how you believe & how you believe is how you perform.
Bye pretty girl :)
#fridayreads finished Good Graces by Kagen and started Sultan's Seal by White. On my Nook: Faithful Place by French & Imm Life of Henrietta
Of coarse the day I try to get a haircut the place is closed!xP
Thank you so much!
the train just exploded O_O it was awesome!!
Thanks again for the fantastic interview w/President Jimmy Carter!! Terrific stuff!
Can't sleep…cool
Our friend is performing on the entertainment stage at the Chase Kids Day at noon!
Who knew that #dubstep mixed with a little #ladygaga on would get my creative juices flowing like a waterfall? #designproblems ;)
Dudes, I just wish I were waking up to brunch with the 3 of youse. That would solve the whole deal.
I ever see you in grainger we will have
what would your mother say if she got a hold of your twitter posts?
HEY! is starting a collab channel and we just need a few others to make it complete...would you be interested?
Dear SNL, please stop the musical guest portion of your show or at least fire the person who books these acts. Kthxbai
hey guys follow us :)
3 more weeks of school
I'm like the dark, I never speak but I understand.
i was in seaside and music for love came on in one of the stores & it reminded me of you lol idk why
Dragging some serious ass right now, must get caffeine
Attention!!! A couple of you went to get cash for pitas today, if you were still charged accidentally please let us know.
next time I'll do it in my upstairs bedroom
I think we're long overdue for a nice little sale, keep your eyes peeled :)
Awesome! where you sitting at?
HEY EVERYONE!!! Anyone in between Grand Rapids and Chicago have a place for us to stay r at least shower this evening/night? Tweet us back
LMFAO you must not kno me then cause trust I change that up real quick but I doubt you ready for all that
Happy #FollowFriday to
": Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots."
i am completely happy for you and selena, i just wish you would tell the truth to everyone. i feel like we deserve that much
You shouldn't be offended if I correct your spelling, you should be embarrassed that it's an easy word. You dumb piece of shit.
Watching "Despicable Me" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#its2012whyyoustill - diddyboppin around here with a cd player ?
One of my New Year's resolutions this year is to figure out how to use Twitter.
Yes, perfect for prom. You can even keep the wristlet after the flowers die & wear as a bracelet!
Not too far from U of T! :)
I go from #DarkShadows with to a house party. The night got better. #DarkShadows not so good.
1 week until Dirty Work!
Next friday come by to have a chance to win a trip to Ireland! Get ready for #stpatricksday #boston, Ned's is doing it big!
Well good luck with that.
_.+++| WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Had an incredible time at Olympia! So many friends, musicians and good vibes. Can't wait to be back in Paris.
Valentines day is the worst fucking hallmark holiday ever......
The Doosh holds the distinction of being the first artist ever to suffer backlash BEFORE success
Mi that's for training camp. All rookies can participate in rookie camps and OTAs w/o contract.
8 year old me would be beating the fuck out of me everyday for the shit i say and do.
Of course I will (:
Loads of rich data for urban spatial analysis illustrates Colin Gordon
Enjoying some good ol FB beef...
Have used and Helloslide and Knovio this past week. Nice sites for narrating presentations in different ways. Cool stuff!
That is sad, adorable and hilarious all at the same time.
- Thank you Amanda!!! I will be checking you out on FB. Your support is so appreciated. Looking forward to your music.
Got a Starbucks gift card at school. Holla
Go Knicks! Five in a row!
lol did I said yo name wrong ?
must find a restaraunt with an open patio. pronto.
Back to Back 40 or Another 40 KOBE is serving notice!!! Ranked 7th huh? almost like #childhoodtv #teamlakers watching a Living Legend!
Actually me too. It was prob the raw emotion RT Rodman's Hall of Fame Speech almost brought a tear to my eye!
Volunteering this morning with for
oh my, how are you only just going to bed, and I am already and you are 8hours ahead. Either I am sad or you are uber cool.1st
On the orange trolley from Grossmont Center back to downtown.
everybody talks & everybody listens but somehow the truth still come up missing.
Top of the morning to each everyone mi good frens TGIF to you....
u do tho it was fire
the wife is watching glee. my favorite part of every episode is the part right after the closing credits
#vegan love to you ! how was I not following before now? :P
The sooner we get to school, the sooner we graduate. #positiveattitude <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
lol but true
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous moms! :)
Come visit out #chiropractic Mecca for #alternativemedicine in
lol no. At home and sick.
It's Lunch Time! Empanadas Tuna Melt on Croissant Chicken Tortilla Soup Italian Wedding Soup
Good for you! :)
I'll smile if you RT me :)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool everyone shutup or go to sleep.
IWebkit for mobile pages? Take a look...
They are gorgeous flowers. Love the colors. Congrats!
I hope my mom loved her mothers day gift
FINALLY!!:) RT Senate passes bill to ban all citizens over the age of 50 to be on the internet or call Tech Support. More at 8.
doing your best is more important than being the best.
It may be a while man. I'm in Texas.
Scream 1,2,3 & 4 make me pissed I have never been in a movie. ;)
#SpriteSlam george wins in the Dark
been soo busy. client jen vernon's poem will be on prairie home companion on friday... been plugging away!! prairiehomecompanion.org
OH (from a neighbor's yard): "Someone is listening to porn music." ME (in my head): "Queen is porn music?"
I'm not there tomorrow. doing tourist things w/ the bf, but was planning on posting in the morning. you can post if it's easier?
Ok I'm back full affect had to take some time to get my life together now I'm stronger and wiser than B4!Gerelle Mckoys the name!
you donated it? Good for you...we've got a beater I hope we can donate soon. To them or goodwill.
I think and should do another stickam soon :)
Bo: "I'm just really proud of my guys."
John lucas is goin ham!
~ I am very sorry to hear:( My Condolences and safe travels.. xoxo
someone said my follow button wasn't working...can you test it out?? Pretty please?
we're settled in with some after dinner lattes...
I promise you this, promise you that, whatever you want as long as i got it ain't no problem with that
Is there a chance the #Celtics game will finish before the #RedSox ? in the 17th inning over at Fenway Park
Website has been back for a while, in case you are interested :)
when are you coming to vero?
i bet you'll be eating these words in 24 hours :--)
Thanks to #MKEfoodies2012 for an awesome Oysterfest event last night! Loved it!
Just observed a conservator applying a "mild enzymatic solution" to a Leroy Flint mural. What common fluid was that?
Seems #COX has an unannounced outage affecting our phone lines. Please email us at if you're still unable to reach us.
You found a new prom date in a matter of not even 24 hours...
either this tweet makes no sense or I'm too drunk to understand it. Lmao
I will put one up soon I promise just gotta lose a few more pounds :)
RT : Dare to reach out your hand into the darkness, to pull another hand into the light. ~Norman B. Rice
redness, bumps
322, walking dead marathon tonight you can come
$299 credit repair special for the week only serious inquires email me Results first month or money back.
#UNYAC SHOUT OUT!! Go Scott!
I have so many f4f's in my mentions. D:
if you released the Zvex Buttdial, it would sell.
. ...which is awkward, since long-term climate change will be quite bad for the economy.
I found a decapitated man under my desk...
Seattle has to be a heavy favorite in the "suck for Luck" campaign.
Happy Birthday, Lubbock time! Muhahah :)
yeah and red
And it is totally praise. "Sausage-Fest!" - Hungry Girl is definitely release-worthy.
Drinking wit my man ;)
tomorrow is friday the 13th...since im the unluckiest person alive...think of me tomorrow!
What, you mean the BBDO 'garden' (or whatever their weirdly-named FTP is called) isn't doing it for you?
People always said Marilyn's story was tragic. And now, #Smash is proving that right.
ha, no worries I'm flattered to be included. Though I don't make hitlers requirements for high counsel...
I played mw3 all day today(:
I just need to borrow it till mine comes in.. but half(dot)com shipper is taking their sweet time! Thanks girl!
I stole your hashtag. Feel free to call to yell at me. Off work all day. :)
Your tweet about the mobiles, tech guys and such but no publishers. Pls explain. thx.
A Gracious Good Day to You :)
I'm confused why everyone hates on Bob's burgers. It's hilarious.
Where should I go in ft worth?
Is plax hurt the most by a shortened offseason? Is there any way he gets in shape for the season? Vick looked pretty slow his first year..
That's the thing- it wasn't 'modern' per se, but tying heritage to Greek tradition made Russia more 'Western' & hence 'modern'.
Drake claims to be one of the best Jews ''ALL TIME''. Dude would even crack the top twenty. I'll name some if you like.
no transfer yet!!
heard we missed a great hard fought game. Good job guys!
DuB sTEp swag rannie style @ ovenhotstudios sessions sessions and more sessions...
P.S. Are you still getting spacey spaced at tonight?
why should that matter?You really believe innovation comes to a screeching hault because people aren't making millions?
When you fine men and women get 80 senators on board I'll buy you all a ham sandwich.
I had a dream that all my teeth fell out :((
The same person who sweeps you off your feet, is in the perfect position to drop you on your ass.
and you are welcome egghead!
Drink-ItUp: New Music: Brandy feat. Chris Brown - &quot;Put it Down&quot;
Guns don't kill people, fathers with beautiful daughters do
how have you been, mary?
yep. And Batman Begins was also a great movie. Very long but great. Christian Bale is such a badass Batman.
How did I go til now not knowing about the Burrito Juke Joint?
Chilling with bush and Shane. Day ain't been to bad. Miss my baby though!!
ig I'll go see my granny today . i miss my mama ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Im feeling a lil cause and effect today....
I've got to say "no" to the good so I can say "yes" to the best, "Jesus Christ"
Because Peach
The future is uncertain but the end is always near
yes sir! "Gypsy", aka Giuseppe Capolupo, will be playing an acoustic set at #Kylestock this year!!!
School was cray. Got sent to the guidence counseler because a dumb bitch.
Hitting the hay soon -.- 5 o'clock in the goddamne morning smh
Atleast people like my mom.. Your mom has been divorced like 4 times. That should tell ya something..
It's so pretty outside in the morning <3
-- Big thanks and kudos to #Zoosk for prompt attention and resolution to my recent fraud issue. You guys rock!
Follow my main twitter
Watching #community while at work
correct 5pm Austin time
I was going to go on a run, but I don't want to in the dark.
Job portals to focus on their mobile versions - Economic Times
Thanks for everyone that came out last night...cant wait for a crazy night @ Relic 2nyt...
CCA meeting w/ state delegates 11/23, 7pm @ UE Church @ corner of Dillon St & East Ave. Email q's for delegates to
haven't really looked yet. I'm shoe'd up through the end of the year. Military/Fire Red/ Bred 4s, bred 11s & CG 9s. That's it
I can do that! Hahahaha.
Illegal petes has great burritos
Try some #beer at room temperature as opposed to cold. You'll notice a big difference sometimes.
I am hereby muting all mentions of #cabin, #woods, and #cabininthewoods. If any of you spoil this movie for me, you will know my wrath.
Wtf just happened.? Nobody knows!
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend! Look for updates on NGD and NecroGaming websites in January.
keep going! And document it!
...because I made her read FUN HOME a few years back and she love it.
Despite the pain associated with rubber bands, I ate a delicious lunch and dinner today. It's all about the little things in life.
#SFAD - New blog story - "The Weight of a Man"...enjoy!
Having a bad memory really sucks when you have to learn a dance
It is 2010, Show season starts in just 4 weeks, get your booths today, they are going fast!! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
haha you printed it on red paper?
that sounds amazing! If I save some money i might take you up on that offer! How's the wedding planning coming?
So cool my sister loves to do nails Please get in touch
i know. It's crazy..
hot soup alert! #soupoftheday at Rockefeller Center is now split pea w/ croutons
Happy first of the month!
I don't know that "amazing" is good enough to describe Melanie Amaro.
His stance is that the referent *is* in the song. It looks like 'that' is in the chorus & it points to things in the verses.
have you smoked marijuana?
Niggas really think they be having an upper hand over females but in actuality we be having the upper hand over they dumb asses
Thanks for clarifying
Being sick sucks... Being sick with ur baby at home even worse. I so want to knock myself out with a hot tahty...
I really want to see the movie cyberbully
I'm sayin! LOL We're working on that! ;-)
you go boo!
Great time at the Critter & Guitari party at Cristin Tierney last night! Plus I got to chat (and share my flask) with Alois Kronschlaege.
I turned my TV off after the infante hit. UGH.
Smithsonian magazine names Staunton one of nation&#39;s 20 best
I've hated them since the days of Danny Ferry.....
Drink one for me!
So much on my mind.
That's awesome Angela! I'm happy for you :)
You're welcome! What have you been up to?
What store has the Kardashian clothing line at? I always forget when I think about it.. Please Reply!
I Been Working On Ma Mixtape Just Going Crazy!!
i don't know what to write for my personal essay. my life isn't that interesting.
and danica didn't hit nothing, so I guess she had a good night too lol :)) btw, happy mothers day :))))))
Which shows on FOX do you watch with your kids?
i've never twittered so much in my life
Ronald Jenkees would be in that list but he's not house
Pork industry given chop by High Court decision
A couple of my followers can get it lol
#sts134 #nasatweetup tweeps' attitude & gratitude, despite not seeing a launch, is so uplifting & refreshing! Thx.
damn #BMS got a weight limit? All these big ass lineman! You know Big Ben smiling like crazy
The new baby girl is due Sept. 26th - we're hoping it's sooner than that though!
Rip dick Clark..... New years eve will never be the same!!
aw. I don't like that! hope tonight is better than today.
got some chatty cathys at my table #neotech2012 i guess thats ok in this learning space ;) lol
Uh...how about thanking the high school football team????!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Also, I now have stars on my name badge. Either means 'I'm on the planning cmte' or 'I know EVERYTHING so ask me'.
Just modified my email server settings so incoming messages from India are rejected - 700 emails received since late March - all spam.
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection. - Dalai Lama
go ahead ima real G
6 o clock i might come
Oxford Circus in london.. Grove st in JC!
Why is it that every time someone is picking me up from the Beaverton Transit Center, I'm always stuck here for almost an hour?
Thank you for thanking me! Have a happy day, Jehanne!
Ubersocial look so cute on my phone w/ my cupcake theme.
So stoked to get my new camera in the morning! :-)
My new favorite weight machine - on name alone - the preacher curl. Name the muscle group it works and get a free Express Massage.
The campus uses approx 220 mil gal of water annually. About 17% is harvested. Come visit & we’ll show you how!
Facebook says 13, but that is young. At that age, heavy parent involvement is key.
getting ready for our new south florida alert update today! www.southfloridaalerts.com
so why haven't we won one yet?
Discover the power within yourself [with chocolate]
recently got a copy on vinyl...yeah, that's gonna go nice with coffee this morning. good call.
No problem
u gonna go to the wp meeting at 1 + talk some shop later? i put the auto-call tree for that npo in the admin bar... man i love 3.3
I love my Blackberry Playbook. If you use a Blackberry, you have to get a Playbook as well.
Have them participate too!:)
awww sorry to hear that. I hope you feel better:-( wha are your syptoms?
Got to use my begining spanish w a patient's husband this am, was able to understand but too intimidated to reply. Fun!
listening to someone edit audio over and over again can only be made more enjoyable when the volume is cranked all the way up.
He's 2 good 2 b tru:"I don't want 2 let anything affect me or this team. We need 2 stick 2gether, put our egos aside." on
lol i know
Follow back please :)
Netflix Instant now has "Sweet Land," a really wonderful film (starring, among others, brother ). Check it out.
I'll get back to work on "Lucifer, and The Garden of Evil" then..wish me luck
I have a hard time saying the word "jewelry" out loud.
Thanks Loree. It isn't all the time but on those bad days it's a nightmare.
giggle playing patty cakes with me
Like serious doe. Austin's tweets are starting to get annoying.
I am absolutely LOVING what I hear so far :)
Lavin: "Hey, did you guys come together? If not, do you want to?" Haha!!
very special #FF to WE LOVE HER!!!
hahahaha I died when I read this, who says I'm gay >?? however we can be bf :))
That is so cute!Good work girl lol forreal I like wat u did with the bangs & the back looks like a flower! it's cute lol
'Smash' was entertaining; I think it'll be fun.
so it's fun, huh?
GRAND OPENING of ROYALE tomorrow night * Dont miss the premiere of the venue thats raising the bar in Boston * 279 Tremont Street (Roxy) *
Cool! I'm sure you impressed them.
Cute guys makes you crazy, Hot guys makes you drool, Cool guys makes you daydream BUT Funny guys makes you fall in Love without you knowing.
I needed to hear that this morning. Thank you!!! RT: : Other people don't get to decide what you're worth. You do.
What a beautiful day :] with johanna <3
you are too sweet;0 thanks
Thank you for all the wonderful birthday wishes.
I know it's da bomb diggity!
Delirium is a little boring. I kinda wanna quit. Anyone read it and recommend continuing?
RT : · : Activists hope to use YouTube videos as evidence to hold the regime accountable
More of your favorite things.... unless your favorie things are things like whiskers on kittens.
aw thanks :) my aunts just sent them too me so I was really excited!
I need more followers
Wealth has wings. ~ Sophocles
done with school. for a month. time to be reclusive and read neitzsche in my room.
I want an odd future shirt
you didn't swoon to 'swear it again' as a kid?
The dead have nothing to say to us.
#sustainatopia conference - Launch of "Open Source Capitalism" with Dan Schmitt & Angela O'Connor. Ever heard of this?
Or better yet , a chamoyada instead [=
God morning! Working at the lovely today! Then I was thinking maybe a massage.... Any therapist you suggest?
YOU MUST BE FRIENDS WITH Dave Miera AND Knuxx Brand ON FB AND "LIKE" BOTH KNUXX PAGES: Knuxx of New Mexico, Knuxx, LLC...
why dont people like you i absolutely adore you. *sigh* i hope i get to meet you someday. :)
Ok did i really just see a cop with stuff animals in the back window of the police car....lmao...wow...who does that???
“: SanDiegoIndieFest Wildly diverse & exciting independent Music, Film, Art, Business & Ideas all day long ”thanks!
lmao who are you?
Hard Money Lending: No credit score Required Purchase-Cash-Out Commercial or Residential Investment Milton A. Zaiontz I 210-744-3030
I just rated you on Zillow as well... 5 Stars of course.
Alan Belcher Woo!!!!
Any one want to come to Success In the City with me today?! It's sponsored by !
Whole foods/Trader Joe's.
We sold 176 Groupons! Welcome to our new members! And of course - thank you for your continued support to all our members.
is taking me to for my birthday! Nice that Madison schedules Restaurant Week to coincide with my b-day :-P
"You're an Angel" he would say #MERRITTRICHARDSONLIVESFOREVER R.I.P
Wishing everyone the best of luck & a great time at #AIMIA!
Muahaha. Just mass email my girlfrans for a ladies night. Friday? Anyone?
there u go why she went back there for it's hard there for cash and a lot of shit went down there nie
This is coming very soon.... get ready to save folks.
Who needs burgers? Head to for a quick lunch with healthy options that'll satisfy but never make you feel gross and heavy.
The past gives motivations and ways to improve in the present and the future, being the ultimate destination, guides our present trajectory.
Yoohoo! I'm ready for battle. Flappers 9:30p.
I need to find my Rainbows. Lost without them in this heat wave.
Our pleasure Debra. Your post was interesting to us and informative to our small business audience. Nice to meet you!
nah them numbers by themselves gettin him to the hall of fame
im getting this weight off pretty good, cant wait to weigh-in and fight already
Don't like idea of "raising" dead musicians via hologram & touring them. Remember them thru their music, sure. Put words in their mouths? No
Like you have room to talk.
Super bumpy getting around Mt Rainier, but otherwise a safe flight from Tri-Cities to Seattle. Beautiful snow all around!
Upsetting: it has now been one week since Grandview has been unsearchable in the Mac App Store. Yet to hear an apology from Apple.
omg we need to ASAP
Time for treat and to catch up on from last night
hi how r u doing can u add me on facebook at
My ankle hurts.. I twisted it running weirdly to my grandmas and when I was at Sarahs :(
tweet me for a new follower :)
Turf toe used to be a popular injury
So when do we start the lessons, because seriously, my dancing sucks. :)
I don't know everything can't everything, but i know something about some things.
it shows off how great Windows 8 is going to be ;-)
you are lookin' amazingly fit-- Team Reshape is proud of you! Keep up the good work :)
Dont feel good today :\
Two Fiddy Tuesday! Qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef $2.50. Also Hungarian Sausage from Old Country
and all of the sudden in runnin' like. oh, im in love! oh, im in love! oh, im in love! i'm runnin' like... i'm in love...
Conrad should have bunted.
One of those days
Okay I need to workout.
When Tyrese comes on my iTunes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> IDK why these songs are on here
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
Hi Lisa. It was nice meeting you at yesterday's #smckc Happy Hour! I'm looking forward to attending more meetings.
haha I know right. My dog beat me to seeing Europe lol
My mom is graduating tomorrow , I'm so proud of her
Thanks for the shout-out! RT : Shout-outs to in: "Libraries as Linchpins" -...
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30pm for Monday Night Live’s 4TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION with guest performers and !
tweeting from my TV. Kind of cool.
S/O MY BRO MR.ATS(ADDICTED TO SNEAKS) HE STAY FRESH HAHAA
15 Minutes until it's our time. #2012 Go Royals.
I hate when you see a really cute kid then your mom ruins it by saying "thats your cousin" #FML now i have to go die :|
I have a hiking pack with water and a flask. I'm set for survival.
Basketball in Latvia!!!
Oovoo soon with my main <3
Last six weeks of school starts tomorrow! Hallelujah!
I love that shot last night that broke the strap on Rimmer's helmet. Awesome, hard shot! Great job in Round 3!!
I've missed my best friend too!
I'll be there! Susan is a favorite friend of mine!!! Look forward to meeting you :)
As we grow and change sometimes things we've experienced before take on new meaning
ok i hear ya loud an clear lol
Hey sexy ;)
Isn't it great! so nice and wide open, with windows!
Today I have to get my eyebrows and oil change. Plus I have to mail off some things and call a man about a cow.
Just witnessed the best golf shot I've ever seen
Chocolate, wine, movies and bed with my kids. What an amazing night
stop by Lambert's at 10! We listen to you all the time on tour, can't wait for the Interruption tomorrow!
I'm thinking of throwing a party in my entire apartment complex :o 4 beer pong tables, 2 flip cup tables. Fridge full of beer. Hm.
Know The Difference Between A Man Who FLATTERS And A Man Who COMPLIMENTS. A Man Who SPENDS MONEY And A Man Who INVESTS.
this weekend will be the first time in Vegas on fight week. what do I have to do for good seats at the weigh in?
do u like horror movies? (:
hey G! What's cracking Gizzle???? How's everything????
I'm done being nice. I'm just going to be mean all the time and make faces like this. >;x(
Pulling some amazing pieces from Ellie La Velle today!
"Girls never suggests that a smoothly pleasant sex life is something worthy of serious aspiration"
"Walk Walk Fashion Baby..." Tune in to w.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest!
I couldn't figure out where they were coming from. Was it because they watched too much TV, or not enough?
the wolfpack will be out tonight. come find us. we'll be in a historic building off marietta.
W00t!! There goes my Audible credit! “: The Goliath audiobook, read by , just appeared on the iTunes store!”
Lol I'm way too hype for a Monday night. We out here like its a Friday night. O_o
Yep, would be great to catch-up.
The losers in history never seek peace on just terms & consequently perish by the greediness of their own souls!
- That's a good point! :)
MT : enjoying 's talk on data meets promotion, featuring the algorithm of starlings & Mundruku counting system!...
Strong picks! Let's have a virtual (wine filled) viewing party if they make it :)
you are very kind, but It was just a RT Duck Dunn was on of THE finest bass players. He played with the best of 'em!
I don't think Kanye has ever killed anything but beats. His lyrics are weak
Finished the base coat painting on the set of #Knock. Now off to Ohio! -JO
Dear Jesus, comfort little Hope right now. We trust you & know u r in control. Give rest & peace to & Thank U!
Aww :-) thx lady!! RT : lmbo really really. Dope color effect and your eyes look amazing.
Or devil for retweets RT : You negros would steal a quote from Jesus. Smh.
One place I still need to hit up, being part francophile I'm a Le Panier fan.
I've been going old school and listening to system of a down all day yesterday, and I'll probably repeat today
Got a real three-way political tryst in Britain with resurgent Lib Dems potentially hanging parliament. Could be exciting two weeks there.
It really doesn't matter if Walker tells the truth. Repetition makes things true, and he has the $$$ to repeat himself as much as necessary.
The word is out of the tomb. Christ Jesus has done what he said He would do. He is Risen! .......He has Risen Indeed!!!
thank you, Ryan!! You are so sweet!
Cameron Diaz ’s New Look: Yay or Nay? (PHOTO) What better way to kick off 2012 than with a new look? Cameron Diaz showed off her femini
1 of my goals in life is 2 spotlight "the different". New condiments on the same saltine won't make crackers new. TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT!
Unbelievable - these are not my Cats! Get in the game and shut down these thugs
can't argue with that
smiling burger championship is shaping up in playa de carmen....i'm the fry boy
#mix just noticed that on the dotd poster, the music is credited to "the goblins". Whoops.
I'll try tomorrow, I have to go to sleep, plus school work non-stop! -_- Thanks again Hun <3 :)
great tune, some of the best lyrics ever.
Playoff hockey and Frozen Planet is a great combo
in my personal opinion, on most songs, my favorite part is always the bridge.
This guy luca turchetti sucks balls what a dick he's only 16 and iam 18 looks at the difference what a pussy
Beautiful day in Seattle! Setting up the patio seating...
grayco.com/events has an up to date list of events. As new events are added, this page will be updated.
already got it
NASCAR should tread carefully regarding and in-race tweets. A wreck caused by tweeting would cause serious brand damage.
I'm blessed to have such amazing friends. Photoshoot at Aquiyl Studios in Downtown, LA is about to commence
I want to express my appreciation to those of you who have shared so much. Once in a while a smile or laugh means a lot. Thanks and cheers!
all is forgiven. did you bring pie?
Kevin Connelly, formerly of Seyfarth Shaw, and Eric Marcotte, formerly of Winston & Strawn, joined the D.C. office of Vedder Price.
I hate you. I hate you SO much
Monongahela...feature length film in pre production scheduled to shoot over next three months in
Come into our Maple Rd. Store in Williamsville NY to check out our grills !
Damn I love Mrs. wrong..
you are correct! Via your text :P
wats good on ya end tho
would be a great trifecter!!
Thanks Phil!
Now we're moving to looking at images to come up with a new idea about the "Abundance" of COS. I'll post some here.
Baby slob ughh
tore up chitown last night
71169: your just gorgeous k?
swag! follow me!
at least this is my fault ...I just forgot .)
My bf and I are placing bets on who wins!
2: takes 10 days to process 90day Rx request when I have less than 10 days left yet I'll be charged double if I don't switch to 90day.
Wait, does that make sense? lol
I wonder if cabin in the woods is still in theaters. Too lazy to check.
u making it into work already? I gotta run out so be there in 20
It seems like the moment when you try to forget something itss exactly when you remember it.
awesome. start savin.. haha even got cowboys stadium here.. :)
you said coons age... i though only i said that..... #didwejustbecomebestfriends?
lol! U know it baby!
Seattle Music History Tour Part 2: Pearl Jam HQ
core leaders: purchasing 2 flat panel LCDs for education team.
Lol naw I swear people would respect you more.
Nate, I'm going to come over there and beat you with a stick, my friend.
That's not a field trip, that's indoctrination.
Funniest line of 2011: "Gentlemen, thank you for joining me in the Dr. Pepper Flavor Zone."
I am not liking the new twitter at all..it keeps unfollowing people that i know grrr
did my music homework, now packing up and heading out of the city to enjoy the weekend in the mountains. stoked!
You are a better man than I. I was purposely looking slutty & riding that bull at Saddle Ranch. Please don't tell anyone.
love you to!!! Thanks for listening to me vent today ;p
Grandma is in the hospital. :(
I still love my !!! At least Eli is from #nola!!! Next year at home in the dome!!!
Are there any Valentine's themed treats?
Hoop for Hope just canceled by the charity Sunday at last minute. Ball for Real Streetball Team no-showed. ?'s www.g3trinity.com
Tiger could do it. watching this is about as much fun as im capable of having. Cmon tiger!
glad to be back in RI with my boy Dave!
keep in touch
Welcome to Albuquerque. We love our green chile! Enjoy!
or maybe
Hello People i hate the sping im sick
What ever happened to I miss him! We were supposed to go to Blink together but THT never happened
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? c:
I need a good smack in the mouth.
Parkers mom: time to go to bed its 9pm Parker: YOLO motherfocka I'm a rapper His mom: YODO...you only die once
Robbins Bros is advertising 24 month financing for engagement rings, because nothing says I love you like 2 years of debt.
lol i get on and i had pictures of feet in my face lol was gross
Paul revere
what song?
Loving the #snow here in #NYC - going offline and getting into the last third of #1Q84 - enjoy your day, wherever you are!
don't be sad about D Rose, remember when we beat the heat by 20 w/o him? Plus, U in Disney World!!!
Should I revive my Hunter S. Thompson costume for one night only at #edc? I kind of have to, don't I?
One of life's most precious blessings for a daughter is an ever sweeter, more understanding relationship w/her mother. Love you Lestelle
The real man that gets me will be a lucky mf!!!
I'm coming home for the summer on Thursday
Let's hope Garcia and Sabathia can do their job :)
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
-slides down door- please tell me it's mine and not his. Please. We haven't been together ...
did you get the "unusual amount of traffic" message too?
#shoutout to the women who would make great parents but dont have any
Congratulations to NORA BROWN! The new executive director of the Rochester/Finger Lakes Film and Video Office!!
likes her new haircut...even if it is shorter than she wanted.
I know, right?
State police say 5 yea rold child kidnapped from St. Louis child found in Alsip.
peach tea with peach shnapps. M
#Iusedtothink I was one of the hottest girls in the world...when I was going through puberty.
Open ALL Labor Day Weekday (SAT/SUN/MON from 8am-4pm)!
Sandburg GRIND BOLD is Breakfast Blend
“: A homeless man just told me he'd follow me anywhere... WHAT THE HELL” hahaha O_oo
wow noones on twitter
Why were Bush/Newt always bragging about Clinton's 236 billion dollar budget surplus?
A biz that supports "do or say anything for ratings" will "do or say anything" for profit.
Welcome! We're here. RT : Going to the 12th Annual #pathstopartnership, will you be there?
No, thank you! Tell your friends about us!
I'm getting excited for wrestlmania, espeically HITC, I'm a big H fan
did you not like my name for your cellular device? :,(
Is having way to much fun on Twitter doesn't he need to sleep? :)
We need some female models for a spring summer photoshoot. Who's interested?
Add #ice_road_truckers as, yet, another reality show I'll have to sit through.
I'm good at multitasking, I watch tv, talk to my friends, and tweet on twitter all in the same time...
sorry didn't mean to send twice
Hey you! Yes you, the one reading this tweet. No one can replace that amazing smile or laugh or yours. :)
Oh jeez really!? She should hide a recorder somewhere. :)
“: I don't like being led on, lied to or confused. None of that, just tell me how it is from the beginning. Be Real.”
I could use some riot shield assistance...
book signing! B&n are giving out wristbands may 23 at 6am only 500 first come first serve!
for those of you wondering why I have two Twitter profiles, I managed to type my email address wrong and mistyped the password.
Congrats on your retirement!
Happy Belated B-day! Hope you did a thousand good things for yourself
I can't handle watching my husband cry.
I am the same way!
I just got access to Camtasia Relay through our IT people, and I got REALLY excited. Nerd-dom personified.
I have read 3 times today that the Great Recession is over. WTF?!?! Where, exactly, is it over....and, if so, what does that mean?
Thanks for sharing our content and including it in your newsletter.
There's the tornado emergency. sick feeling.
Interesting! Thanks! So, ISBN logic is by file type you deliver to vendor vs file type/platform vendor delivers to customer?
Auditioning in Hollywood today
“: Bobcats >>> Raider Rash” this nigga
Today in 1997, Pete Seeger wins a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album of 1996 for his album 'Pete,' on the Living Music label.
are you still in cincinnati? why have you been missing?
Familiar faces, worn out places. Can't wait until my traveling kicks up again... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2708><U+270C>
u funny
Good morning, a little late getting up
YES! SHARK WEEK soon :D :D :D :D
If I could have anything, I'd put it on everything that it would be you <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><U+263A>
that's strange. I deleted and reinstalled the update and it's working well. Let me investigate and get back to you.
I am working on a US PhD, but I am nostalgic for just-sit-down-and-write-the-damn-book 3-year Australian model.
Tomorrow morning at 8:20 is at it again on talking #BestRestos, , &
Who let this feeling die? I can't get you out of my head. You're the flame that burns me so I know I'm still alive.
You're such a hypocrite
Come on NFL!
i know it hhas been awhile, how are you guys?
Thanks!!! It's good to know what's going on.
WHO EVER IS GOING TO WATCH SHARK NIGHT 3D SEPT 2ND DONT LEAVE CUZ AFTER THE CREDITS THERE WILL BE A SURPRISE---
Thanks for following! Hows your week going?!
"GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow"
I've always loved Lou Gehrig's Nickname The Iron Horse!
So many great
Everyone needs to start cozying up to the fact that there is not going to be football next season...
talk on here babes phone is being weird hehe x
I think there is a little devil in this martini.
"Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life." --E.B. White
Jamming to Closer by Kylie Minogue
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 67
#whinealert... I want to run. This no #running allowed is bs!
Lmao! AMC only bruh RT : Can I be a thug and go to Tinseltown movie theater or do I have to go to Regency AMC
Can't wait till tomorrow! Going to watch Legacy fights with the Team! My boy JT gonna go #HAM on niggas
Thanks for the RTs and
bless you
It's for a religion project for school
Blowin #loud and kicking clouds wit & my lady
Watching coyote ugly!
And before I forget: HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!!!
Having a blast editing for the next artist profile of my web series "On Blind Faith"!
if I wasn't sick I would come ;(
Get ready to let the pigeons loose.
If Rick Perry becomes President we may all literally die laughing.
I got Honey some pink sapphire earrings and I got my mom some peridots. You can never go wrong with simple studs
Bye Bye Nadal
o Love it! Thanks. Just checked it out. Those totes are too cute. (I just learned how to make totes last week - coincidence!)
yo can ubresend those beats to my other email thanks fam
yeah but its still very dead the sound gets lost its the way they built the damn thing
Indeed, she is. Oh, is that the day tripped and fell on her way over to your talk?? Stories are colliding!
gosh where are people gonna go next!? tumblr?? plzzz go back to facebook :(
Designer to follow: Very inspiring.
Very strict themselves, so you can't just up and ask them something like that, to skip a test that determines your final grade for the...
Yes, that's what I like to see! :) ": Rocking my shirt today!"
Can't go wrong with #Wiz of Oz jokes With the cast of #waiting for guffman - My favorite two movies ever - #missouri #kansas love xo
Blazer fan for 38 years married for 25 I am not naive about anything except who I follow apparently Kobe is a bad human period
Commenting on Ohio Universities' move to block all P2P traffic. Questionable.
looking up tweets on project muse
People talk whether you do bad or good. Yeah I did some things but that's the old me.
those who tweet about sex obviously dont get it. ha
Bob Dylan's singing sounds like me insisting I'm okay to drive.
#Bulls gameday ... currently on my grind ...
this glee episode has me bawling
: Thank you for the retweet!
"The only way to know how far you can go, is to keep going!—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity
you are so pretty!!!
the day that you find me up and running
I look forward to it!!
A2: To get noticed, previous experience. Hard to prove ability and skills on the resume
Finally catching up on grey's!
love the new pic!
If only I had a Betty Paige 'do, I would love to join your crew :)
Oh it's a movie! I thought you had pics of my crazy weekend!
I miss you<3
Food coma. Itz can be naptime? :P
« You niggas need to get a clue.»
what did I win??
its too Damn cold out here anyway!!! No Cliff Jumping!!
April 30 Photo Brief: Sudan conflict, drug addiction, pole-dancing at ...
Ladies.. There is no excuse for peeing on the toilet seat. Sit and stay for a bit.
is that bad?
I am I have one some music contest around her performing
Yay! Which ones?
But might well equal: emotional arguments carry more weight & easier for right to remember.
Joe at the risk of sounding NOSEY, what IS your secret to a great marriage. DO TELL, :PLEASE! :)
Afro circus. Afro circus. Polka dot, polka dot. Afro.
No skiing today, decided to be useless instead. Living like a king; a very lazy, unproductive king.
Looking at their remaining schedule, can anyone defeat the Green Bay #Packers? Or are we looking at the 2nd team in #NFL history to go 16-0?
Very nice job in that Call of Duty commercial. Best supporting ad performance by a jock in 2011.
I figured that now is a good time to back up my writing. Maybe you should too.
I always give people my weird face and flare my nostrils... Hahahaha
Can't wait to read your tweets
For everyone who was saying wonderful things about him. RT : Wideman on for all seven Bruins' 5v5 goals this series. All seven.
Great way 2 prepare 4 weekend?! EXTEND&RESTORE 2night Beverly Hills. Melt the week's tension away and rejuvenate yourself!!
Me too! Or four!
it's because I'm awesome ;-) well maybe I can come visit! I've been dying to explore LA! Your new project looks amazing!
sammys was shut down by police last night
haha yup a freshmen ^~^ & what do you mean wasn't that bad ? I'm not done yet (x lol.
And there goes October
Putting the needs of others before yours can make a big difference in Social Media. Learn to give first.
Uprising: Hip Hop & LA Riots!!
RT : Still...we wanted to do a study involving us eating snow and were told no because the IRB was not cool with it.
Thanks will do. It's amazing how this field has exploded.
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat. - Plato
definitely different!
No matter what they say, don't believe a word. Cause I'll keep singing this lie if you'll keep believing it.
Thank YOU! Awesome presentation!
I need a man to be all mine
Hey YOU should follow with every account you have because YOLO! ;)
Super super excited about So Percussion at tonight.
NO U DUMMIE I WILL KILL U! cus im a ninja and im awsome!
Birds singin' in the sycamore tree Dream a little dream of me.
Warm out in bmore...i see man taking off their tees but a woman can not ,so us woman has to suffer
Hey! What's up?
you too!!
awesome! I fell short.
Just leaving the studio another track in the books!
Set your calendars for #CSImilwaukee. On Saturday August 20th, Water Street will be hosting a clue based mystery game.
Yay! Thanks for the compliment, Courtney! It just flows from within :D
28 days til the warm sandy beaches of Belize!! Can not wait!
Haha sounds so easy when you put it that way!
Just like a tatoo, i'll always have you
Sitting in the editing bay building 3-D graphics for an upcoming project.
did u notice Emily Pilloton talking about creating a space for "possibilities" love that frame, not far afield from
If you want it you must will, once you will it, it's yours!
My dogs thing is treats.... Of all kinds!!! lol
I am mixed. I take pride in it b/c I feel that it all makes & influences who I am.
u do logos?
PREACH! RT : you need to be on American Idol -_____- cause these bitches suck.
It's Thursday again, which means we are having our 7 pm Bounty Tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). See you there!
you just scared me into amending my comment
Looking for a local videographer to help me with a "making of" project, 5 min film. Any recommendations?
Dylan's Blood on the Tracks is one of those rare albums where every song is good from beginning to end. What are others?
Luuucroy! Yoooo! T-Plush! Isikawa! Now, that's what I'm talking about!
Green River Ordinance concert tomorrow! #toohype <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
Hitting Transformers again. Clearly, I'm #addicted to thrill rides.
": The way it looks when you get your eyebrows threaded > the way it feels" the feeling hurts>. <
Golly I miss playing Buck Hunter with my DC posse! Bring on
#ff S-Mart. Shop Smart. Shop S-Mart. *sponsored
guess I meant adorable and yes we totally have one direction infection! So glad not many girls at our school like them
High traffic has become an issue today. Working with our website host now to resolve the issue. We hope to have it fixed shortly!
Successful dissertation defense. Now on to prep for tomorrow's course and read student work ahead of tomorrow's meetings.
Hello! I'm doing great. I've been a bit busy with work, so I haven't tweet as often. :-) How have you been?
The bad = that time #you tripped, the jokes at your expense, the flat tires, anger, jealousy, backstabbing = every good & perfect gift.
?? i actually think Jeremy is awesome and he doesnt ruin anything :)
Thanks all for coming out to see Petting Zoo at the Up the Creek Festival! Cocaqueina is Spanish for cocaine.
Tera needs to show me next. >>>>
If only it were always that easy to be a hero! :)
I know. It doesn't matter its just preseason <U+263A>
yankees are on fox
Been reading ifunny for 3 hours straight!
Mid-June, look out for the new mixtape: Daydreams & Nightmares. Info about the release party coming soon.
you're watching sponge bob too?!
im gunna write a story. what shoud it be about? -briana
I <3 the intersection of needy and unskilled. It's the best way to live in a *bleep*
Guys frustrate me sometimes...
Bitches be coming off on some hoe shit and they wonder why they cant find a real nigga...
If I don't get Joanie out of this Apple store it will cost me a fortune because I keep seeing things to buy.
there are some key points in the branding article. I definitely like that.
idk he might be he might not and i dont wanna have a bunch of people bothering him....
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day. Jim Rohn
LAST DAY OF EARLY VOTING!!! MAKE YOUR VOTE COUNT AND VOTE "BO" TODAY!!!
When it comes to food I'm a fatty
we are in dallas @ the prophet
came to my school yesterday... It was a party.
Follow If you live in the city, or you from the city, show Detroit some love. I'm deciding where to volunteer. :)
Get ready for the #FAI12 Welcoming Reception, happening on the 2nd floor at 5pm! Music by James McMurtry!
When people from your past try to get in your future <<<<
how far do you think you'd make it in the hunger games?
Meet some cool people tonight.... You know who you are.......
Good morning, happy Tuesday!
Defending champ Dallas Mavericks in trouble
on big election nights like tonight... I really miss
It's always a great day when I wear my Marc Anthony dress socks!
Follow me? dfd
50% off on a selected wine list tonight at BiCE San Diego . Call for Reservation at 619-239-2423 !!
go to redkey veterinary. A little more reasonable. The price u said is about right though!!
Lmao Kara just dropped her iPod in her face and bruised her eye
email info to and we'll pass it to our CEO to consider. Thanks.
Santiago, "Flow is like Snake, right? We just take old ideas and remix them."
Your very welcome! Thank you for the follow as well. Have a wonderful New Year!
I need weed foe tomorrow...... Dam where the weed man at
Meant to say...a shame you and didn't make it to BCNI. Was excited to see you two on the list!
RT : Paradigm shift: go see the muppets and then immediately see police charge a corner guns out from 10 feet away.
who knows where I can find a car for 1000 to 1500....
did you try gatorade? That works for me sometimes
If anyone else is coming to Thompson today and can swing by my place. It'd be greatly appreciated
Thanks for the note!
we have never felt so much love. Thank you for blessing us charlotte. It was inspiring.
I pull up to the light....they already choosin.
OMG....OMG....What have you done...is that what you were looking for? Not :)
THOSE PERFORMANCES WERE DOPE!!!
Thanks for coming in while flying to BWI! Welcome back to the US!
sweet dreams everyone...
HE GONE ALWAYS BE MY BAE... TEARS
Your work inspires us too. Thanks for the mentions!
....and the Bears screw up EVERY mock draft. Imagine that.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore. -_-
PR move or not, it truly is an incredible gesture!
Enjoying this game
awe you're welcome! You are the pawesomest ever from pawfiniti & beyond! :}
...Morrissey. Julian Casablancas. James Brown. Peter Doherty. Glasvegas. The Stone Roses. Oasis. Joy Division. T Rex. Little Richard...
Holding on to something really hurts at the end#:(
I now have many clouds. Perhaps too many. A meta cloud management app seems to be in order.
WHAT is a dm? hahah i actually do not know.
Welcome also to fellow Hospices - and
Action on tonights games posted from 141 cappers today with 4 college and 1 NHL (Total ov. Ed.Oilers) consensus plays from their coin flips
Sometimes I feel like I have no emotions :o
Sitting down to watch a movie with the fam "Capt. America". Had a fun time today window shopping with my wife :-)
Damn it feels good to be a gangster...
What a beautiful day to end a very busy week! Kudos Tommy Awards, NYTB D-Lounge, and my very talented friends all over!
just set up on Brady across from Crisp :)...stop on by :)
Love that! RT : The mind once stretched by an empowering idea, can never fully shrink to its original dimension~O.W. Holmes
cause I told my mom I wasn't watching my little brother after this weekend
Bring your recyclables to The Paramount on July 17, 8am-3pm check our website calendar for details! No Tires or Furniture, check our list!
has a doorhanger ever actually influenced someone's vote? I already filled in my ballot this morning.
No worries, I have a breakfast meeting at 8, then free after that. Need 2 talk 2 u about new music for kids program 4 Chi.
Indie ArtHouse will be open for First Friday May 6th, Grand Ave next to Bikini
Tweet tweet.
let's work on making you full time and eventually partner.
New tiny wings high score 332,316 BOO YA
Jets-Steelers GAMETIME
What?! Im texting Tyler <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : I can't believe my little brother got a cell phone, that's so awkward.
get with it, son! Its called sunscreen!
More Tasting Brooklyn love for
If A Bitch Can't Say It Out Loud, Then They Shouldn't Be Saying Anything.
# DEFCON: unmarked barcodes on the walls, if you scan it you get warning not to scan unknown codes, possible viruses. Clever.
This movie is a flute!!!
True. It's a bit disturbing. But at least the humans would be considered free-range.
when d next time y'all Goin?
so.......viddy is my new favorite thing. :)
great tweet.. stole it, thanks!
. People who LIVE in DC have NO voting representation in Congress. The idiots others send here r the problem.
": Rondo gone b the best PG when he learn how to shoot" !!!!!
Everything is fine. KEEP SHOPPING
Let's go Coyotes!
Ginger Snapz session on race and burlesque was awesome - best thing since topless ladies!
Do rondo kno I'm wifey hell yeah fool #CelticsNationBitch <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
there are criminals selling my music through known distributor and the law has done nothing.
Ouch. That is a blow. How long on recovery? That's a pretty serious injury. Not smart playing basketball in the off-season.
ha yeah only a short time longer before I can stop using it as a cover ;-)
Sweet!!!!!! pumped....hahahah....ima fall on my ass
It's nice n toasty at the far bar. Heaters on full. Come on out.
Judgement is the nature of religion. It's purpose is to condemn and divide. Of course Christ wasn't like that but...
I like how the standards have diminished just slightly from "hot, scruffy pilot" to "hot, scruffy student".
Newsday said "Bitter Lemon Press offers virtual travelogue of world with bracing mysteries from Germany, Argentina & latest Turkey" Try one!
Coming soon: Sumatra, another Brazil, Guatemala, and a French Roast blend for everyone who likes it dark!
Waka flocka got alot of balls dissin on tupac " he said he hated the hologram & he has no swag" ! This nigga is nuts
did you atleast put some old bay on them before you ate them...
Sangita: civic learning is blended via org structure. chapters are f2f yet national umbrellas are largely virtual
Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single.
Philly: I am in you
GET EXCITED!
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T My new followers I'm following back.
TY 4 follow: Hope u enjoy our tweets!
I don't even know why I have a phone, no one ever texts me.
It all comes back to educating the coaches no matter the age of the child. Their students have the most to loose.
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
heh. And my last tweet (from December) was about Santa Claus. oy. Life, she marches on, eh?
I'm surprised his lips didn't get in the way!! Lol!
You too? Hope it passes (for us both) soon. :-/
Hello and thanks to our new followers from #CASA during
I hate this part right here:(
also, pollen is terrible in cities because of single-sex tree planting
Bye OU! Hello summer! :)
thanks for your help!
Exactly! But with less offensive firepower unfortunately
Is your Mother-in-law abusive? Well Kiss and IM has a group for you just for that topic amongst many many other groups!! www.kissandim.com
yah I thought you died?
Watching the #Giants stroking the Lombardi trophy is more awkward than watching the Kraft family exchange high fives...
~~feelin lik shit cant wait to lay in my bed fuck car rides
My life is yours alone, the only love I've ever known...
bro go drink some oj always make me betta or some passion tea
Hey Golfers! We have 7 Courses set to open Sat at 8am! Currie, Grant, Greenfield, Hansen, Lincoln, Oakwood and Whitnall. FORE!
Just heard my son say "those hot wings are burning my butt...they gave me a #ringoffire"
sleep time noooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Woodburn police: woodburn hs fire is now controlled. Crews still on scene.
If you're lost and alone or you're sinking like a stone, carry on. May your past be the sound of your feet upon the ground, carry on.
still got me sayin PI-VIFF. You and Brandy Harvey need to be impromptu hosting again ;)
I'm wearing burnt orange. Not going to make the same mistake I made last week!
Thanks for the follow! You sounds like our kind of tweeter!
Thanks for the retweet! Blessings on you today!
People from Salem reppin at the college battle! Haha makes me feel at home.
Marty, beast mode!
RT : If you search the hashtag #bfcafe and use it in your tweets you can join our chat! :)
We all know the Bucks are coming for that number one spot next session.
u're always say never say never..
Last day to get your California Natural Pet on Sale!!! We close at 7pm
Missed a very important call earlier not happy right now.
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to some of your work.
i actually miss talking to ya
New seasons of Nurse Jackie on the horizon. Bring on my fav fictional dysfunctional nurse!
Going home to watch #MLBNetwork. My after work oasis
I completely agree with your blog post! "This is a work of nonfiction" is a powerful statement. #MikeDaisey committed fraud.
yes! We're here until 4pm! Stop by! We'd love to say hi!
you checked the & shit? do do right now.
UNC wins in OT.
From Vince (8:31pm): good news - storms moving east of lakeshore and out of here. Only widely sct. overnight.
That's just how we do
thanks for the tweet. Come on in and try our new Salsa and Guacamole Menu
good morning. <3333 whatcha gonna do today.
i see u retweeting...wassup babe
Imma Ask Him ,
it was good seeing you dog.
Surrounding yourself with an entourage of "yes men" is the worse thing a famous person can do. you need friends to tell you, you suck ev ...
Nice to see Patty Mills is a trending topic.
Time for the entire reason I ordered this ppv. #PunkOrRiot GO !!!!!!!!!!
All the things we shouldve said that I didnt, all the things we shouldve did that I didnt do, all the things we shouldve given that I didnt.
TOPYX is the best value in eLearning software today!
Not allowed to speak of what I've just witnessed in detail. But SnowStew is pretty fierce! Can't wait to see it over & over when it opens!
From the east to the west side, get it girl that's right!
Parent's worst nightmare: Thinking you just saw your (underaged) child on textingwhileintoxicated. Thankfully, wrong area code.
prove it!!!
#nowplaying Shostakovich Piano Concerto No. 2 in F Major. Wake me up and get me going music.
Congratulations guys!
Are there people who actually make voting decision based on the content of robocalls? And if so, can we vote THEM out, please?
why do you have court lol
not very good with score updates. Please give more scoring updates.
yeah, okay -.- you're so jeally of them.
We are like 3/4 the same person. Hahaha. I LOVE OTH, HARVEST MOON FTW, and I love Cheetahs!
Did u think that white rapper was really freestylin? Or was it rehearsed?
I love him! Too bad he is probably completely incapable of moving let alone protecting anyone hahaha
That event will take place March 13. Sorry for entering the wrong date!
Far Out Fiction featuring Chuck Klosterman, Gregory Maguire, Kate Beaton, and Karen Russell!
nice drinky nice opening, beautiful bar
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
AGT w/ Howard Stern = Brilliant
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Take a step forward this time. Make me your friend on facebook and Ill send you songs. love to sing to you! Mrsingfranktony
Meeting with #Milwaukee's Safe Places, combining efforts to improve what we can offer MKE youth this summer.
Thank you to everyone who showed their support and made tonight a success! We had a great time!
and -- check them out! RT : Tell us which #iOSapps you're loving today.
Tonight! We will be at Nashville for a special acoustic in-store event for Nashville's Fashions Night Out. 8pm. FREE!!!
You don't know how many times I've thought that.
Your Awesome!! Would love to see you in the ring one more time!!
Los Alamos hospital has moved all of its patients to Espanola and Santa Fe, but the ER remains open in case there are fire injuries
Dont tell me that you love me!!
My everything hurts. Except my spirits, which are high. #goloveindy #B&Otrailcleanup
It's not 2 late! Check out Santa and all the FREE stuff @#Buddy's - Sun (12/12) 12:00 - 5:00. FREE pic.w/ Santa, Drawings 4 FREE stuff
more interested in yours...
my links weren't even working sigh
My big bruh is fucking free now , so for all you thristy ,hoes and the little sluts please dont come over too beva fucking groupie , lmao
lol that would be soo cool if you got to meet him, I've seen him a few time but never once got to actually say hi or get a pic
where can you get it for free? Just checked, still 4.99 in the app store. Looks cool.
30 mins with 3 AT&T reps produced not one email address to express my concern for AT&T ALEC membership. So transparently non transparent.
You buy 7 or 8 dvd collections on Amazon & they act like they know you with email "recommendations." HA!
8. "I'd rather be a "field negro"."
The Silk Tie likes BJ! Ties go well with a dirt road mentality! thesilktie.com
Rick Pitino, oh wait you meant basketball player
Yeah. My 'date' with 7 other girls.
Two room hotel suite plus dining room. Livin' like !
well im staring down the barrel of a 45
This old man keeps farting loudly as he walks past me in Target. Flirt much, sir?
Rackwise, Inc. - $RACK
Get it!!
I'd talk to -- I think he's got his hands on a project right now.
No Bail in Fatal Beating Henry Wachtel, a 19-year-old Manhattan man, was ordered held without bail Wednesday after he was charged in the
ok random: I had a dream that u worked @ a montessori school & I came to visit u to show u that u were featured all over Shepard
Good morning.
in Washington, D.C. We need someone with intregrity, guts, strength of will, personality, the courage to do the right thing....
It's a great beer...used to be one of our go to beers when we were in MN.
Yeah, the wife just gave it away to a friend this weekend. Sorry brag.
BANDWAGON AND HATER!!! RT : I'm not even mad the Hawks lost. I was expecting it
Turn up the music...say my name
Back to brooklyn we go
Uhm well I deserve a lot of good Karma points after today.
still wanted some of that pasta tho lol
don't tell anyone, but I have a #crushonyou (;
Hi, Friends good morning! Our new alert is First Liberty Power Corp. (OTC: FLPC) Thanks
never underestimate how bad this team can be when it matters most
#auditionweek is slowly coming to a close. hope everyone had good auditions and a good time in Baltimore!
I'm on Team #Chelsea on #Survivor ( ) --- hope she wins immunity!
Use video to drive traffic to your site. Optimize your site for maximum page views. Don't contain video and playlist within a static object!
Night Night Night Night
hahaha yeah i know :) is that what its like?
is just perfect, seriously. everything about him is perfect.
If you need us in Northern Oklahoma call me! Do not get scammed!!! by Door knockers 405-550-9289
Come meet Signing Santa at the library this Mon., Dec. 12 from 6-7:30. Especially for deaf and hard-of-hearing children & families!
The Motto on the radio.
you are quite welcome! Have a great weekend:-))
Good morning(:
hell nah lol u ain't look like him
I love being home
Hey can you shoot us an email? ()
It is built to be language agnostic and just learns from the samples we feed it, regardless of language or net-speak.
Do Not Order From Dell Horrible Customer Service, they will lie to you
#kids 88th Annual Scholastic Art and Writing Awards at the Springs Preserve: 88th Annual Scholastic Art and Writing Awards at the Springs...
Things that rhyme with, "COME AND SEE MY SHOW"... "I KNOW YOU WANT TO GO", "THIS RHYME IS PHAT, YO!"~ American Grind www.lyrichyperion.com
of my grad school classes are extremely relevant. Most places don't want to hire someone they assume will move on to something
teheeee, ah, a tweet would probably make me have some fangirl fit and die <U+2665>
HardDrive is not. MAC formatted. WINDOWS 7 recognizes the HD but wont let me 'Open' it.
thanks, I hope you will come see the opera- you will adore it! Much fun!
There is not some other world out there where everything is going to be ok. There is just this one.
A win with Michigan State to go 13-10 for the week, and 38-22 for March...Let the Madness begin!! BTW bitching about tourney seeds are lame!
This time he blogged inflexible integrity
Miss you too , girl !
happy birthday Paul! hope you're enjoying a fantastic chocolate and beetroot cake! or turnip and toffee. or something of the sort
Get it gurrrrl
Another Double PLAY!!
miss you too!
What The Hell Is Shazam? LoL I Seen Their Logo On That Progressive Commercial But What Is It?
It's true. You should she me talk to girls. It's hilarious.
your link sucks it does show me ur profile
After seeing the Avengers, now I want to see the love story between Agent Coulson and Captain America.
I read this with interest too. It would be good to redistribute tech teaching.
I know I know :)
I love how fast this week went by :)
I have used the phrase "a little put out" in 4 straight conversations w/ Home Depot with no success. It may be time to use stronger words.
I've been cursed with an inexplicable love for love.
today i need my hair done any suggestions?
Congrats Smoke #TonyStewart :-)
Doing well, thanks! Likewise, hope all is good and well with you also.
Oops, I just deleted my previous tweet by mistake, I'm sorry if you notice it later! But lykke til! :)
what percentage of aa/eeo questionnaires actually get returned?
Oh my god becky look at her butt, tunechi
:Hey you long time no talk how have you been?
Some ate all my blackberries :(
I like that new avi love ! what u up too missy?
lol and the fact that I'm in the living room and my ipod is all the way in my room ;)
I turned the game off at the 4th quarter bc I thought it was donezo but wake up to find out the clipps came back and won?!
"Being gay is natural, hating gays is a lifestyle choice."
I really need to hurry up and get my PS3
I'm avoiding going to bed because I can't stop listening to I think my bieber fever has gotten out of control.
Happy May Day!
kris what's up
Mountain Dew and Friends Declare &quot;This is How We DEW&quot;
Still Alaskan beer left to delight your pallet at the Rubicon
Finally get a chance to update my website tonight!
I'm so glad you're ROFL over that pic you found of me, Twitter, but I'm still not clicking your spammerific link of doom.
yeah but I cede to the commons
instead im listening to music and doing my nails!!
i'm always good lol
lol I am too and I'm already ready to get off! Imy so much missy when are u coming back
Don't ever apologize for saying what you feel. It's like being sorry for being real.
Romney has a split keyboard with a few hidden buttons.
A lot of our top faculty and grad students are attending #2011ASA. I am BETTING that ASA will be a BIG PART of USC's next growth cycle
24 "If Cain will be avenged seven times, then truly Lamech would be avenged seventy-seven times."
first post, website is back up!
i love u to sis
Shoutout to my girl go follower her.
Bouffant salon is open Monday-Saturday 5032244099.
Thank you, glad you are enjoying the music.
THIS JUST IN: POTUS also opposes segregation. RT : . says POTUS thinks Augusta should admit women
Lmaooo #THUGLIFE slash- we need more sleep =/ lol RT almost nodding off in a meeting with the CEO, son!
ohh me too! where are your seats?! girl I miss you!
Of course ur going to keep bringing him up and hate because u know u will be nothing in life
But dude, fans do that everywhere. Doesn't mean they're dumb
I seriously adore LaChanze! Such an amazingly beautiful and talented woman!
they may not know what you are thinking, but they can smell it!
Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments. Erma Bombeck
thanks Hannah! :) love ya to!
Like your use of tweetwally on your site, are you projecting it on site too (like SCREENtxt proj)?
I now have high blood pressure thanks to this Game 5. Good lord
a huge downside is that no one can retweet your tweets, or publicly reply to them, kind of a pain.
Hi Joshua, thanks for the article! I wanted to let you know BL is totally free to fans, there is no transaction fee.
aw, we miss you! How is California?
Odium Theologicum => theological hatred, as in disputes over theology
Congratulations to Freddy for hitting our #Progressive #RoyalFlush off his first deal for $2,246! -Shelly at Ann Rd.
Thanks for the follow! Fav part of #WSSMiami? Make it *amazing*
YAY! You guys rock.
Great day in the studio Monday w the talented Christine Santelli, Today Mike Bram comes in.Lots of cool music being made here. Who's next?
who&#39;s gonna win the fight SAT!!!! Who y GOT!!!..i dont think cotto can WIN..it gonna be close but no cigars!!
Thats Xing Kaoetaey, Pronounced Zing Kay-o-tay. Im only gonna say that once, or twice.
Farrell made delicious apple dip the other night for us- basically cream cheese cinnamon frosting. join the #indy and you can have some too
How did I do?
ncstate should be ahead of byu, correct? Better resume.
also, I had Phil 4:13 written on my kicking shoe in high school...which only confirms your point because I sucked.
Getting the team together for our annual Werth bowling event at the Athletic Club! Wonder who will win the bowl off?
Georgia to Wear Pink Football Uniforms This Fall - Team Speed Kills
Haha Rob and Big
Kittens are born without teeth-they develop a full set of pirmary teeth by 3 weeks of age (28 in total).
almost kid.
CONGRATS #CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER.. or at least in last 33 years!!!
Nation mourns 22,867 fallen soldiers as siren sounds
There is a man who looks like Keith Hernandez on a flight from DC to Seattle. Tempted to test him by throwing civil war facts at him.
Dear God, some cloud cover would be nice, thanks. Why did it have to be so hot today of all days...
RT : Smh. Guys love to play games, but hate when you beat them. LMAO!!!
. I do doubt your legitimacy as a Twitter user, but thanks for being my 100th follower.
Only a month ago, best execution 30 year fixed mortgage rates were holding between 4.25% and 4.75%.
If she has her mom cut her pancakes for her,
Cobb Saddle installed!
Epic DHS brawl
lmao!!! RT : haha this is a good morning laugh
“: oh boy! Stuck in the burbs!” you WOULD!
www.gokickball.com/columbus --- summer season kicks off June 8. Registration is OPEN pitches.
omg that is too funny.
I could literally listen to never let me go all day
Free ticket Friday! Text WIN to 585 290 5945 for your chance at a FREE 2 pack of tickets to our upcoming Halloween Costume Party! Boo!
Is it Lumburgh? Sounds like Bill Lumburgh!
I second that!
I promise that thunder just made me jump, it came out of no where. Dang! <U+26A1><U+26A1><U+26A1><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614>
Yo my Cuzzo said he will come with me when we get back from snowboarding at 7p on friday and he is 24
I slept an hour extra this morning cause I didn't want my dream to end!!!! ;)
how u doin and u look Good by the way.
i agree 110% with you lol. & we have to do that poetry portfolio crap .. ugh, I don't want to remember how I wrote poetry!
RT Qant wait to get out of work it is wednesday there is no better place to be than at worshipin
Oh, it is a merkin.
what's up welcome, nf you follow back #VSU I'm class of 2015 thou
Recurring theme of the week: cars with rims that are more expensive than the car itself. Love the dirty south
Happy birthday !!
So strange. Tweetdeck wouldn't let me, but Twitter did - yay!
You're the Panthers guy, I know they need D but would they pass on that level of playmaker?
that is so true i did feel like a boss that day
Wish I was going with. The best years of my life in Tucson
i knoww!! i love him!<3
ugh dis is bs i tell u bs!!!!!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Addicting" by Jenee
Thank YOU for being so fabulous. See you soon! RT Thank YOU for being fabulous (And for the shots!) ha See you soon, I hope!
I find Rainn Wilson to be grating but I liked a lot of the secondary characters like Darrell and Stanley.
Yes!!! And until you get just that. You should remain single :-)
LOVE THIS! XO J
it was that black guy that always has something to say!
bitches be trifelyn
lol , i have to close now :(
why is u hatin??
Thanks for the #ff!
#Geezlois! My feet are hurting from walking the Great Wall of China!
RT : With cell phone network congestion set to worsen, #UN urges rapid #broadband growth
There will never be no room for dessert.
Getting acquainted with #jenkinsci for the first time. It is a very cool #tool used in a course of mine to track a fast #coding competition.
Also, if anyone is having issues activating, let me know.
can't wait!!
HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER SEASON FINALE!!
Even if you forgive me you will never forget it
Working in Eddie Foy I's office in the old Dick Clark Productions building!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the "I" from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash. Use alternate routes to bypass.
I heard about your new job. Excellent news for you. Do not forget us in AZ. Go Devils.
UGH!!! Out of hair spray! I've teased my hair as much as I can & it won't work with me w-o hair spray!hate bein a broke bitch
iSteve great presentation to Digital collective , would love to talk about social media analytical and Appstore
Games tomorrow...getting ready for the real season!
THANK YOU! Their coverage of the NCAA women tourney was too much as well. Someone over at ESPN needs to get canned.
wait aren't you from North Bergen ?
Just say No! What is your best (polite) way to tell a MLM person you aren't interested and leave me alone? So not fair to call
If you need help with insurance, we can quote with a ton of different companies at once. May we help you?
The need for public option has been to supply competition for the Goliath,forcing the bureaucracy into accountability,quality,affordability.
so jelly.
That time I listened to a bluegrass cover of Mad World by Trampled by Turtles and fucking loved it.
I think that's The Tipping Point. Connectors. Mavens and ?
Interesting indeed. I just finished reading it myself.
Having lunch, what about you?
We treat community posting like comments. It's another moderation issue. And adds so much value
: methinks you should simply become an actual pirate! xo
"Two people truly in love must give up something of themselves..." - the creepy doctor
indeed my good sir. Fancy words give a sentence that extra pizzazz :)
Everyday Im twittering!! :p
Yo mam is so old when she was in school they didn't have History class!
a small price to pay.
Are you a fan of tank tops? ;)
Yes, I understand it is now Mother's Day...
Be happier this week: (1) call a family member to talk, (2) sit down & say hello with someone, (3) have some people over to visit.
Shutterstock OR istock, friends? Which is better?
The retina scan doesn't work for you?
RT Hapy Daylight Savings Day! Add a FREE shot of espresso to any drink all week! Tres cool I'll see you this week
ok just have to say u r awesome and that u keep singing oh and u kinda look like zendaya she and u r my idols
SOPA and PIPA can't go through! Please help to keep the Internet an open source not regulated by govt.
50 years of dancing has made Eddie Torres the king of Mambo Dance. Period. Do you want to be treated like Eddie? Get 100,000 students first
Health Tip: Inner power is cultivated through concentration, contemplation, and meditation. Generate external power by starting within....
I wanna go fishing lol
looks safe to me. answer my text, and email. kthx.
Turn on a song and dance! Practice your ability to be comfortable moving without a plan & give space to explore the infinite possibilities.
that's not what I meant. I'm saying I never see any of it unless I go to some event...state fair. Summerfest etc.
Can anyone ship me please? :) use my icon be honest too :)
“: I'm still waking up tomorrow and WORKING OUT as if the season started next week #gettingbetterneverstops....Boom” .Good Job.
Happy 43rd Birthday to the greatest Running Back in NFL History!
at the studio
ahh I know I can't Waitt !!!
talking to yourself again :)
Now that we're in section 126 I feel so exclusive!
trying to decide if I need this dance4christ twit account
Somebody please educate me - why is cheese tastefully served on a slate board? Is there a functional reason or where did that come from?
whoa there! No tooth brushing til at least noon in my house. Ha!
. I think we're talking about a different demo. Besides the location of the IUPUI hotel was a no- win situation from the start.
Hang out with ! I Wanna Go Viral w/ 5:45 tonight ! free, nonmem $5
Thanks I was very glad to help. Puzzling out things like that make being a #librarian so fun!
Up good and early. Time to head to our spot and start rubbing down pork loins.
just don't hate on the mid-range game.
is a sniper with bullets of hilarious tweets aimed directly at ur mind ready to blow ur fucking brains out!
We are psyched to learn more about Hansberry's second Broadway play, The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window this week.
I feel like I wear these shorts to often, but theyre the only long enough appropriate for school. Whatevs, Its hot outside.
GIA 2011 Conference (San Francisco) website about to launch. Stay tuned!
#thatawkwardmoment when someone is trying to have a conversation with you but your to busy twittering....
The economic benefits of it are completely overstated by those who have a lot to gain from it and it brings crime.
ABOUT TIME!
Willing to lay 3:1 that Aruba gets 40 or more players if you bet $100 and register yourself!
man I had to turn that shit off!
omg i no your goin to ccd right??
I hate teachers.
U call other bitches ratchet n think its funny?? #WhatYouDontKno is YOU the one being laughed at!
Fun fact: has been around for 175 years
So, we have finally hired as the new Assistant Coach for the Welcome to the Trojan Family, Tee Martin.
Reading a paper book. It's a bit weird as I've only been reading on my phone and eink reader lately.
that's always a good time Why do any NBA players or owners think we care about them I feel bad about the workers
Huge pet peeve: When people press Enter 30 times instead of using a Page Break.
Casey Anthony is gonna be a millionaire after this! Book deals, interviews, ect... New way to get rich quick!! Florida must be proud!
give me some ! Haha.
Sometimes you just need to run away and see who will follow..
event at on Friday. KBS and Better Half on tap is a game changer
I think that Teleflora ad got a lot guys' attention. "Give and you shall receive"
": #cfafghts way to "captivate" the submission." Where you at Pat? I thought you'd be at Legends.
No at can you rock tonight??
excellent video - and your avatar got good treatment!
where is the show?
Happy Monday!!! Are your employees #code sharing? Ask me how we can establish some basic protcol to #secure your funds.
If I ask nicely, maybe the radio will stop playing Katy Perry at 5:45am? At that hour, it is NOT a teenage dream, I assure you.
Thank you! And you're welcome =D haha
Cool story, babe.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. John Lennon
lol , what were you saying to them .
do it and drink a beer or two for me
I'm hoping sabres win this week I get 8 free tickets in the suite when they play in buffalo...hm who to invite?
he bad hahahhahah
Nothings better than a crunchy #tacobell taco ... Except #HPDHPT2 !!! 12 hours!
the library staff at such schools were visionaries - had ideas of what a great school library could be
Invite me over 4 dinner Jeanine ;)
Ops, went a bit overboard with this paper I've been fretting about. Prof expecting 4-5 pages, I'm halfway done and have 9. :/
Rcd responses from 3 congressional offices after sending thank you notes for meeting with me and on
this is amazing! i love my #massholes and can't wait for the #goodwillhunting scene
Hi everybody
Just saw a commercial for #Battleship. I'm sorry, but after seeing #TheAvengers, all of the action in #Battleship just seems lame.
these bitches make me itches
“: MOTIVATION: FIVE ONE EIGHT.” MOTIVATION: NINE ONE FOUR :D
Just got out of practice first game tmm
have fun!
Im walkin on this g thaang
hm, updates?? My iPhone apps were wonky until I updated the operating system.
One hour, Hot Stone Massage $79 was $115, offer good until April 20th.
1st hurricane of season is due to hit my area about the day I'm supposed to fly to CO to see my son. GREAT TIMING IRENE. THANKS.
what part of Elf reminds you of us? The sugar crazy or the shopping crazy? ; )
I really hate to miss senior night but, I really want to go home.
Seven great speakers at and Communication Studies Speech Night. Another great showcase of public speaking!
lmfaooooo ! I love you baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> I couldn't go to school with this awkwardness <U+2764>
I do know what it feels like trust me.
call me soon -- I got some bad news.... 2025380313
Feels like summer <3
cool, lets meet for coffee sometime.
You're welcome
west coast media bias RT “: Bobby Knight was a despicable bully and a waste of good oxygen.
Ugh cartoon network, Nickelodeon, the Disney channel, and Harry Potter Wii for another 10hrs...
I guess ball dont lie?
Merrill Hoge of ESPN is such a hommer. Ben Roethlisberger best QB in NFL? What the $%&* !!!
Preparing to walk in the National Epilepsy Walk on March 31st. Hit me up for more information
Probably would make a small image, print by hand w/ a brayer or similar (would that work?), then scan print for our art.
a G will in the bottom half to tie
Voice mail left for me @ 8:30pm showed up @ 2am. I didn't get the message, then it woke me up. Counting down time left on #AT&T contract.
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's User Group Session ft. Our Lady of the Lake College ! Email to register
So no DQ on Donald. Official word is clerical error led to confusion. Stories on this should be interesting.
Everyone follow my other account ((:
your new nickname is "comeback crusher"
Chocolate chip cookies for all my losers
Happy early Mother's Day to these Vegbooks contributors (also #vegmoms):
New england volleyball association championships tomorrow...
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Costco - VICODIN -
Standing in the rain and watching my car get towed. Kind of a sad moment
Damn Braced Faced
Silfredo La O will be interviewed tomorrow morning on KUSI - tun in!
you want my help to make up a name?(: haha
No! MT : on New York pizza: "Piece of newspaper with ketchup on it" CLASSIC. He's spot on.
For mothers day the whole family Is going out for breakfast :D
Great day to advocate #Play in #ColoradoSprings !
i find israel flag sheetcakes so, so terrifying
Ill be drinking myself to sleep
"A Lannister always pays his debts"
I'll be at The Room tonight in Santa Monica!! Come by for a cocktail!
The BBC Trust has ditched director general Mark Thompson's strategy proposal to kill off the digital radio station BBC 6 Music.
B4 u throw something out there at a person by word or deed, make sure you can handle what it brings back.
saw Liam Gallagher celebrating the #ManCity title...does that mean Noel Gallagher is some where crying the #ManU no title?
Sandhaus provides examples of how data alignment allows examination of archive in ways never before examined
hallo dedy i miss you:-)
no I'm nt I b haven sum n my eyes most of d time... N of course I am
How did LinkedIn become this thing that everyone has to have to get a job? It's buggy, the UI is atrocious, and the search is useless
smh I didn't say you....
: He's goten cuter haha && he keeps staring at me
So happy about that!
#rollcallnyy a.) NYC, the place to be. b.) 8
Back home from my Charter shoot w/ in time 4 a nap b4 going onstage 4 #SarahsWar ! Whew, long, laughter and tear filled day!
#thatawkwardmoment when you log into facebook and see a blurry pic from 1990 of your 85 yr old grandma under "People You May Know"
I'm doing well brotha. Fighting June 2nd for the welterweight title. Training hard and excited about the future!
Eggfast will close today at one for the holiday weekend and reopen on Tuesday at 9am. Have a great weekend!!
would you please follow me, is that so hard to ask?? .... :/
Dance was awesome today ^__^
I hate that. Super frustrating. I wish there was a way to stop it
Man I wanna get me a puppy! :)
Hey its kylie
who has good diet ideas?
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen move to Honolulu by next week .
this game is intense!
I don't know -- I'm assuming probably as soon as the event starts?
who knows whose B-Days it is tomarrow?!(: i know i do!!!(:
I wabt a cigarette !
Lmao, my son just ask me "do the Detroit Lions play dirty" s/o
One hour on the road, 9 miles down and 21 to go....see you at lunch RTCers
At work..
and you don't need nobody to help you handle your business...MAKE SOME NOISE!!!"
"Hair appt." sounds high maintenance...even when it isn't.
Hmm!RT:Keep hearing Devlin-Flacco comparisons.but why not more talk about the similarities between and ?
Always be a 1st-rate version of yourself, instead of a 2nd-rate version of someone else.
Good to hear. Mines been good, played drums for my roommate tonight at a show. Hes a country artist
so i guess u think yur cute?
": Is Safe House and good?" Looks like Training Day to me
BOO HOO HOO! I should be like a legend in there. Ha!
It's official. I've run out of ways to procrastinate.
holy fuck, you need to go man!! It's amazing.
- Exactly right Randi. He's the perfect no-firm-positions puppet for the NeoCons, Norquist and mega-corporations.
Lol RT if you're a psychic and get murdered then no you weren't
Steve created a video for a Discovery show called Top Engineer. If you want to know more about the back-office of the company, take a...
Blue Cheese party at Olympia.
omg stop it! The one with ?! That's hysterical!!
Going nowhere near coast. “: Brace yourself, East Coast: Tropical Storm Katia...Category 3 hurricane by end of week.”
We, also, miss you, Come join in the pity party! Just point your feet North and start trudging. Follow the sound of sobbing.
Ever stop and think, when you were abt to report a spammer, that they're actually trying to make a living like the rest of us?
Tonight! : Van Halen w/Kool & The Gang, : Ty Segall, White Fence w/Tea Cozies and : Brokaw
Oh, my twitter feed is good tonight. Complaining. Defending--er trying to defend. Calling out. Some snarky digging. I'm crushing...again.
are you coming home tonight?
#RIP Sparky #Anderson, You will be greatly missed
San Antonio: Today low AM clouds and tomorrow AM patchy fog. Few storms Friday. Today: Cloudy AM, sunny skies afternoon. High 83.
How perfect on a rainy afternoon :) What did you get?
i hope so! im freaking out. i need this i really couldn't do the single thing again...i'm done shopping around!
I have a poem.....…… Roses are red, violets are blue, if I had, I'd through it at you!!!
I kissed alot of guys today. Call me a slut, but hey, it's the last day of school and first day of Summer. Why not.
tomorrow at 9pm and saturday 10pm
so you were scared enough to check and make sure I wasn't around you...
working to save my money for Hoot Fest<3
On second thought the nervousness probably arises from some deep seated neurosis, I am a perfectionist in an imperfect world
Police in Winter Park looking for missing #autistic 10-year-old boy. Justin Haberli speaks only French. Missing since 1 pm. No photo
"Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good." <U+2015> Malcolm Gladwell, "Outliers"
what time?
dong quai & vitex, man. after 13 years, i'm finally an easy rider on the crimson wave.
Lunch is served and the patio is open. Enjoy the Spring. Special today is a Monteray turkey sandwich. AYCE tacos start @ 5pm. $4.95
Listening to neighborhoods with the windows down with the warm summer-ish air. I'm missing my partner in crime..
Glad you liked it!
Loved this issue!
Call me tomorrow on 619-254-8683. I'll be out as Aidan is in town from NY. Come out to play!! x
What Midwesterners say: "Excuse me." What they mean: "Get the #%€£ out of the way!"
: What a pretty day here in ATX! Seems like a good day for some rain or an interview! - Subtle.. I like it!
y cant yu stay
feels like a Monday.
North side of #TangerOutlets in San Marcos is now my fave place to shop! I had no clue it had a #MichaelKors!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Well played.
doubt that you can be broken that easily--ESPECIALLY by Vegas. C'mon!
Park date!
true. I've could have opened pandoras box. Yikes.
It sounds like it. BTW how have you been?
ask her
Questions about incoming recruits and potential transfers went unanswered... ruh roh!
Maya students, when you answer the question "why did the Maya sculpt in stone"; then you will know what the Maya are communicating ---to us.
The only celebrities i know that talk to there fans the most & retweet us ALOT is Follow them & tk/cash If U see this FOLLOW BACK
As a tease though, I will say that THE UNDERGROUND takes place in a separate corner of the WRP universe, but same universe none the less.
FOLLOWERS RT FOR ICONIACZ, only tweet #BOYZONELLEN once if you do it more than once in a tweet its marked as spam and wont trend!
So, Klout thinks I am now influential in sausage AND Africa. Huh?! <insert jokes here>
I miss Cabella.
Starting the #milpcat hashtag. Most improbable, legendary playoff comeback of all time.
Last day in the library. Let's do this.
Wilson: Retain this throwback – send hand-written thank you notes.
Why does our dog have orange in his fur? "oh that's cheeto. Wait, it's lasagna. I put some in his bowl last night and it splattered on him"
Taking my son in for his first new born doctors appointment.
It is Inspire Your Heart With Art Day! "Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art."-Ralph Waldo Emerson. Go see some art 2day!
-ill treat you better than ur ex make you forget about the rest and never worry about the next ill show you the real definition of the best
Picture perfect day in Chicago....Love it!!
Next week is finals week & I don't feel no pressure..somethin is wrong. But I'm bored! Mention me
Went to website and just gave up, really difficult to use.
Can't wait to see my mommy today ^.^
Cannot believe my only other living kitty had to be put down this morning, while I was in London. He was fine yesterday morning :'( so sad.
look forward to joining Brian Wong from Kiip for our discussion at the digiday mobile conf in LA tomorrow - topic mobile gaming
what the baller.
Will Smith look old
Sounds like stress...you need to relax a little.
Sassy! MT Here's the thing: 1 precinct/min = 143 minutes to UL results. Secret to knowing who won at 8? EXIT POLLS.
that is way too much of an opening...
Great kick off for SD Latino Film Festival with !! It's gonna be so much FUN!!
Time for to drop out. finally becomes the legitimate front runner.
glad you joined in! Look forward to learning with u in the future.
Open 8-4pm today, Labor Day!
I'm at the "Teacher Town Hall", 4 rows from the stage. Starts in 35 minutes in channel 20.
Q#43 Answer is...B!
I just pushed a bunch of emojis haha
lightning = thunder
Funny how my old highs are suddenly my new lows
Hey it would really be a honor to meet you someday, let's make that possible? <3333.
Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'(
Please fallow me on twitter If you haven't done so already ;)
can u tell me more about Cyrus. Just tuned in and am kind of digging it... Different style movie, but darkish and funny.
Guys, after a certain length they're no longer shorts. They're capris. You are wearing capris..
I want to buy that guy a Zima. Dick!
is my new hero. I cannot wait to read your book. Thank your for your courage!!!
Thx honey bun :)
This is not okay, obviously for some reason teams were unaware that I am indeed draft eligible this year. Their scouting reports suck.
thank you for the FF ! Have a great weekend !
Gonna make that my new motto RT DO WHAT MAKES YOU HAPPY
- and Gilles Peterson's last show is this week too! Legends!
love your live shows, unfortunately dont have tix for ramshead tonight
looks like it, and looks like they tried to blur it out a little too late
I'm glad I could help. If you need anything else, feel free to contact me
what class r u in?
fat ass but with a ph not a 10 but a defiant 8
Loop On! City of Wilmington Art Loop 5 - 9. Where? Everywhere!!! Loop and then eat after! See you soon!
": My mama told me if a bitch can't keep her house clean ... She dam sure can't keep her pussy clean"
loved the performance at Morgan county middle school! You was great(:
Pacers are finding out its a diff type of game in the playoffs when you are the favorite.
Now THAT'S a sentence. And a
if you put it down right, play your cards right, maybe we could fall in love.
Only on Fridays mostly. It actually stands for "Follow Friday" and folks mention some of their followers in a special way.
HEY HEY HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY HEY! OVER HERE, HEY! HI! HEY! HEY!!!!!! shut up
LinkedIn now has a feature called "Attendees You May Want To Meet".
“: neither is your avi #clapback” Lmao #TREATED ugly ass bitch deserved it
you could bottle that stuff and sell it on ebay for charity though- there's a silver lining to every bit of dribble :)
i guess i just kinda expect you to hurt me now. not purposely, but you still do.
Not feeling too good about my chances since #5 is probably out. The Heels are not an elite team without Kendall.
Unemployment rates dips to 8.2%; employers add 120K jobs
You Can Be The Prettiest Woman On Earth, But Remember... It's What You Have Inside That Makes You Special...
you're so sweet i miss you <3
If its raining now it better rain all damn tomorrow too.
Anytime a car alarm is going off and I see someone smiling I automatically assume they are singing the Dane Cook car alarm song too.
lol we're still just sitting here
We're playing tonight at Donna's! Set starts at 10pm and it's only $5 to get in! 800 N. Rampart
Always gotta ruin the mood<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
so im here just thinking why do the moms have a twitter?...
Instagram: dog, dog, dog, plate of food, dog, dog, graffiti, dog, cat, dog
(heeroream211) is now following me on the Twitters! HI there, heeroream211!
yeah, I love not having to decide what app I want.its fluid anyway
You lack experience knowledge and network But yet you still hold a front. One thing about me I see through everything. #selfmade fuk u doing
We are an environmental "green" hotel for 3 years running. Save the planet together & check us out online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
naw, i don't drink! imma good kid.
Is there any chance you could come to Virginia or Washington D.C.? My BFF and i are really big fans(: We really want to meet u
I would die if something ever happened to him..i will always love him
When other people flirt: hey baby, you're looking sexy tonight. When I flirt: hey babe, if you were a potato......you'd....be.a nice potato
When you love someone its either good or bad. Your either sad or happy. When you dont know how you feel, its a hell of a lot more confusing.
To be content with little is hard; to be content with much is impossible. ~ Marie Ebner-Eschenbach
Whew! #TGIF!! Now, it's time to get ready to party TONIGHT! Come out to CUVEE for MUEA's #Birthday Honors starting at 9p
For those of u who didn't have to take 3 yrs of TX History growing up:"Honor the TX flag. I pledge allegiance to thee; TX 1 & indivisible."
What do men and clouds have in common? When both are not around it's a nice day!
Awesome concert last night! Band jumped into the audience and played right next to my aisle seat. Incredible!!
Say hello to SMI's Christian Lappe at
Great! Business or pleasure?
#weirdconfession: i LOVE to watch movies with the subtitles on. everyone thinks i'm super weird for this lol
And....I'm back on prednisone. Dammit Janet.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Not talk to me for days
must be some good pineapple
RIP: Adam Yauch a.k.a. MCA of the mighty Beastie Boys
If I was down would you say things to make me smile? I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
The exception to the rule.
That would be lovely! My email is beth (at) fit2b (dot) us ... Let's continue the conversation there :)
do it
haha, we are getting through this summer with the older style and back to school will be our revamp , you will fit right in
Garden Fountains - Learn How To Style The Garden With A Fountain
Power Hour at BarNone tonight! $1 Rails and $1 Domestic Taps from 9:30 to 10:30. The ladies get an extra hour! 1139 N Water
RT : NIH is stepping in to actively seek partnering opportunities says Anderson
We need sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
To call her or not to call? im used to chicks calling me first
We get some more today! Sweet!
Trivia answer: “Starship” was composed by Michael Henderson.
omg. I'll buy one for your 18th birthday and fill it with condoms! XD
Was at the marina from 12 till 5 with my bestfriend! Love herr (:
Merry Christmas to all my relatives in Taiwan! ^^
biased, cool but the Giants don't suck!
'Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster.' Think that would make a good epitaph for me. Maybe I'm in a bad mood.
Happy to do it! You're a real mensch, Gary!
holy shit i cant wait til monday
-- Closers are a dime-a-dozen ... just pick one.
I keep waiting for my soap bubble of happiness to pop...but Untill it does i am going to enjoy the soaring of the sky.
wtf r u talking bout im mixed im not just black
Just figured out I'm unable to attend both and due to other obligations: this is the spring of my discontent.
Really?? You light up my life could give it a run for the money.
“O LORD my God, I called to you for help and you healed me” -Psalm 30:2
Had to be a reviewer! RT Had lunch @ union sq cafe, guy next to me had copy of #DAMN YANKEES ed. by Rob Fleder on table!
If you want to submit music hit
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT OUR GREAT DEALS ONLINE!!!
Twitter becomes ten times more entertaining when you have homework to do.
IT'S MONDAY. TIME TO DITCH SOME BITCHES!
Lunch time is Here! Check out our Tasty, Affordable options! www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com.
Welcome back Where you been?! :)
Are you doing a meet and greet this summer? and I would love to meet you! :)
loving the Blog! um, obsessed with the hounds tooth heels! & have been dying use that currey chand too!!
watching "chloe." amanda seyfried is insanely pretty.
Watching Barca-Chelsea on a big screen, next to a pool in the rain
Margaret is well worth it if you can make it. Last day is Thursday. It is intense.
Got my phone back
impromtu music videos= FUN
New Minnesota helmet design has been released!
wouldn't you think that was sarcastic? I guess not! Geeze calm down buddy
When I Log In I see Followers!!! We follow back!! Follow and RT
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing! ^__^ <3
I like it that you tweet allot......you're really tweet'
good luck with that one lol
SHE NEEDS A NAP NOW LOL ITS ALMOST 6 Tho.
: have fun in LA buddy!!
How much does it cost? I've never really gotten in the habit of seeing MLB games but would make a trip.
lol when UT got it, I claimed admin for everything possible. Great at first but activity has definitely gone down
yea I am good! Excellent gift!
"for with you is the fountain of life; in your light do we see light"
i know, great song! Take a break though. it will keep you up at night.
we miss u too :)
ladyboner!! I need the new album.
First time on FaceTime tonight. Still think the name sounds - off - but had a blast. Thanks to the Dooley family for the intro!
don't do it in the first place then :p
low blow.
do you know anything about yesterday's hatch act training? it didn't work for me. rescheduled?
A 2nd kiss!
You wont ever see me slippin.
Gettn ready to Host #Thurspay Open min in Hollywood . . . .
Im have to start shouting some people out... some of yall mad cool & some.of yall bitchy; but i choose to stay following yall.
haha it will grow on you. Drink up!
uh so true
Gingrich to leave race as most interesting Republican of his time to never occupy Oval Office
Walked into to hear playing! This day is gonna rock!!!
I just got a very spammy-looking DM from you ... your account may be compromised
Photographing villas in Jamaica at the amazing, beautiful Tryall Club with the H3DII. Thanks Hassynyc....!
I don't watch baseball all year long, but I will watch the world series! Hmm
Crap its raining so hard & now there is thunder ! :o
tweet at me hoester. tis urgent!
Dont ever let anyone have your heart but your momma and God
text me (:
Ready for the
I've been doin good how about u
"Black Diamond" is still my favorite Replacements song.
#GoDaddy, if you must use QR codes, they have 2 work from my couch. Oh, & the time I spend launching an app means I don't watch the ad.
Goodbye Dustin? Not goodbye Baltimore for Dustin, is it?
Ozzie: "(Bernard Pollard's) smart, tough and brings a passion to the games, our practices and in the weight room."
Tommorrow (7-23) is the Crossroads Concert! Buy reduced-price tickets @ www.secca.org. Cash bar and refreshments. Doors open at 5pm.
Took a 4 hour nap... There goes my chance of going to sleep anytime soon
start from square one.
“: "Don't be discouraged! God is going to show up!" #RH8” #neededthat!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
I love the concept of your Twitter account...keep the restaurant tips coming, & I'll RT Chicago's from time to time!
wondering if oomf is feeling the same way... smh
RT : "I don't know if I want to be in a movie at 2 AM with people who enjoy watching kids kill each other." -
"I'm more like a bear."
we too are excited about ! Thanks for supporting great live music!
Haha! I've been to them in NY. Only a few select people I will trust with my brows. I hope you are well!! xoxox
Peanut butter and jelly homemade ice cream from HaVen. Wow. That was incredible.
Our poll workers & hotline operators are the best!! Thanks for all your hard work. Now rest up - Nov. 6, 2012 will be here before you know!
On a serious sleepy fucken note . Keep it Foward.
I know you do....Ikr its not that serious...
I can't wait to get back on the grind with you may 29th
At hooters with wife,kids,mother,nephew,brother,sister-in-law. Bizarre. Is this wrong?
Jaleo-Jaleo-JALEO. Gonna be a great show (((TONIGHT))) @ the ABQ Museum Amphitheater! Get your FREE SALSA LESSON @ 6:30 with Salsa Baby!
Maggots michael... you're eating maggots. Oh how I love the lost boys
Thanks Judy! Enjoying this early summer yet?
everyone is saying justin is going through stuff though?? and someone said they split im like wtf??? lol
In the Labb writing some new songs to add to my new mixtape #STREET$TALK VOL.1 #TRMG!
TELEworkers? Really? Coworking is still a new in the mainstream, but libraries have served as those spaces for years.
Time for a change and the change starts with me then you.
That's the sense of entitlement that I find so maddening. "You can't have a pony." "But I WANT a pony!"
at least you get to watch ,comcast wants $75 to watch.
Finally read A Prayer for Owen Meany. How have I not read this book sooner?
After Jezebel snarked on STIUTK as a "crap letter from a dude," I loved Gotye more.
My parents have all the keys downstairs with them so I can't just take one either. Haha.
read the initial tweet as Jerry Lewis and was confused. All better now.
tonight's charlie rose features tons of jokes about presidents: "johnson REdeFINEd overt neediness!" lolwut
"Honey...Im Pregnant.... April Fools! Haha. No I had an abortion dont worry about it."
Gurrrrl! U Have really outdone yourself this time. Can't wait.
Its #nationalchocolatesouffleday! We don’t have that on the menu, but we DO have a chocolate velvet cake that’s sure to hit the spot!
The Oscars...cringe-worthy and it's only the first 10 minutes.
2012 SALE! All 'Big Sexy' products 50% OFF! Pick some up on your next visit to the salon, they're going fast!
I love u too
i had a dream david left his number on my invoices, that was a good dream lol
SO U FOLLOWING ME LOL...
when theres no wait at stc>>
One word describes the weather outside right now... Amazing!
where are these monthly recaps displayed? Couldn't find them.
leverages for Canvas. Recognized for being one of the first brands to leverage the site for
"Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws" I know its a double negative...but go with the damn lyrics...haha
There are large portions of the diss that feel like, "Look at all I translated for you! Blarg!"
Lmao did the #EllenDanceDare on my French teacher XD
I'm good getting ready to go to work on this cold day
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Thanks for the RT
I actually have that one. I'm just starting to collect them all.
Client, upon being assigned to an attorney for #probono: "A woman lawyer? That's so great!" Just in time for the O'Connor Awards
Foster-Powell Neighborhood Association meeting tonight 6:30-8 at Sweetness Bakery! Foster safety improvements on the agenda.
Help! My SD card with #NASATweetup photos is corrupted. Any recommendations for good photo recovery software?
My mom wants me to drive half way home smh I don't have time
My tweets can really make me laugh, I need an award or something.
Nice. We started with your quote about being "mindfully aware." It's important for that not to = vigilance or suspicion, etc.
They are due to excess growth of microscopic blood vessels in the skin. These angiomas can be present in any part of the skin.
happy to share your wisdom!
Tip of the day: Keeping your insides from getting outside is a great start to a more cleaner environment.
git em girl! Be proud of where u came from, and learn from their mistakes!
I ive in Houston TOO!
omfg. AMEN! Me too!!!
get there early? but I know the band!
what is the best part of your job?
It's death and taxes ,because the taxes kill you when you find out how much they take and how much you owe
Loving 2030, but it scares me too.
DONT DO IT MISS SOPHIA, DONT DO IT!!! NOT THE BITCH MODE MA
ohh gotcha! Lol I don't like them either lol
I got lots of fresh air!
Oh my God it's the bass man. Man, I love the bass. Gotta have the bass. STFU
not surprised. the trib and suntimes have basically been gutted. now we just gotta keep tweeting for change...
What did they use to christen the opening of the 1st bottle factory?
They are gay. Lol
Franklin Township can't charge for bus transportation anymore...so where will the $ come from? The latest #News @ 10
Happy Thanksgiving Taylor! Hope u have an awesome time with the fam and tear that turkey up ! From ur biggest guy fan aha
GL with that bro
You're right -- it *is* on Instant! I will let you know my thoughts ASAP.
Times TWO! And who knows what it will be come 2029.
There two are going to make a good team. RT : ladies and gentlemen, is the reason i have twitter.
After a terrible night last night everything seems to be working out. Tomorrows the big test. Two interviews!
Toronto Bcast said Leaf was on the puck on Sabres last goal and would have been a penalty shot if ref stopped it.
OMG YOU ARE SO HOT,, I WANT TO HUG YOU SO BAD!! I HOPE YOU SEE THIS!! LOVE YOU SO MUTCH!! PLEASE MAKE COOL MORNING 3!! LOVE :D
Nice to "meet" everyone! RT : Cheers to all, take care!
hey hope all is well?
WHERE DID THIS SOPA STUFF COME FROM?? AND WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS????
Does anyone else hate the new google maps on iPhone as much as I do? It never loads right & the lines are too fat you can't see the traffic!
Once again Talley is ruling. Your friendly neighborhood Spiderman, now w/ Rick James stories AND biting social commentary
RT : #Arts Council confirmed 'Meet the Funder' 22 March; talk about #Grants for Arts & their kids & #youngpeople priorities
we're playing the hidden castle in norman this friday 5/20 its all ages :)
May the Fourth be with you! Today is Intergalactic STAR WARS Status Day! Update your FB or twitter status with fun quotes from all 6 movies!
oh christ kill me now
I haven't been this pissed off in a while.
WOW, great turnout at this evening! Great to meet so many Baltimore cyclists. Can't wait to work with y'all.
really? Yall act a fuxin ass..2013 just got mo..class.
Hi guys! It's been a while - we've been super busy with the holiday season. Enjoying this cold weather for a change!
what kind?!
My Valentine's Day starts in 13.5 hours at airport Terminal B.
I hear they're looking for summer interns in DC
thanks for following - we hope to have a home on Blip.tv one day soon.
San Diego Tweeps...Rumor has it my hubby & boys will be on NBC news at 11pm talking about hidden $ worries with online games.
I Spy Conan O'Brian on How I Met Your Mother in the background of bar scene. Tonight's episode. Sweet!!!
Whatever happened to Ralph Nader who ran as a Green Party candidate for several elections?
We're shredding your personal documents today! FREE w/ a small food donation to The Storehouse, 8000 Palomas NE (Wyoming & Paseo) until 1pm!
Busy day today. Guey. Mixtape drops June 4th shouts to DJ Rapid Ric!
Why is #WeLoveLouisTomlinson trending right now? Wouldn't it be more appropriate to do something Mom-related?
Amazing shoot today with , , for the shoot! You guys rock!
A5: It's best to have a space of acceptance I as we've grown we've started to recognize our need for space, and understanding!
#DBUalum takes #2 album download on itunes today! Congratulations from your DBU family!
Aww, thank you! Means a lot! RT : Imma miss so much. *sniff* :'( Best of luck though man! :)
Needs to go. Tired of the liberals and their divisive rhetoric. I am ashamed to have her as my state senator.
Helen Thomas to SKC? Hell yes! Wait...that's not right... RT Michael Thomas to #SportingKC?
doors are at 6 and its $7
I don't understand how you're doing any cooking if you're twittering every 3 minutes. But I am impressed!
WOW! Cheers! RT Almost done with my first Gallon of ...now on to my 2nd Gallon LOL
I pop a perk , hit my on switch
"What will he be greeted w/ once he reaches the federal prison?" Um.... Prison guards? Impartiality? A jump suit? WHO GIVES A F**K?!
NO! do it GREEN! lol
ITS SUNDAY FUNDAY Here at Exotica International...come join us for hour bloody mary and mimosa specials!! $3 all day
that's no office. Looks like the view from Pittock mansion?
This just in; DAM staffer makes a pledge BEFORE Untitled #33 (Pledge)! Any other daredevils out jumping the gun?
Getting a workout in and eating healthy so I can indulge a bit during the big game!
#iLostMyVirginityTo my baseball team it was pretty unpleasant...
Fed announces that rate will stay low until the end of 2014!
RT : If it's out of your control, why fret about it? — Unknown
remind her to try again later when she isn't at a family thing where the liquor floweth
my best friend is Brandon... thats all<3
iwant to go home...
We hit 400 Followers on Twitter and completed our goal! Thanks so much!
Hope she wakes up.
Bryce Harper has been called up to the Majors, kid should be fun to watch.
why? jaden matthew arenez...dalton james? how is that? never mind.
Might go see the Dodgers and Nats Saturday night too.
guild activity on #neopets was best v-day card rec'd virtually ever
REFILE-UPDATE 1-JPMorgan CEO says bank reacted badly to red flags
Thank you!
its my birthday 2day!!!.
Sure beats paying a monthy subscription fee for Twitter. #VivaRevenue RT : Promoted tweets are horrible.
I ripped him.
Wishing you a long and happy life together.
have been to- the 1 in Birmingham and 3 in London, the last one in London to come still for me, Possibly Sheffield and Maybe
#IfYouKnowMeWell then you know i bleed orange.
Nights like tonight make me wish I had a tin roof and to be wrapped in comforting arms knowing I'll be safe. <3
same thang bro trynna feed the family.. slangin rims like crack.. u still at Apple?
I cut my fingernail. Across the middle. Would love to know what's going to happen when the nail starts growing. Ew.
no no val it's not to you! :)
30% off your bill Friday,March 2 at Bluefin Bistro after 7:30pm. We are shooting a commercial and you can eat, have fun and save money.
RT That's about the only positive thing! But she seems to be doing some good charity work.
I started fitzpatrick over orton. I lost by 4 pts. That team is done.
Drink more coffee!..lol
I suspect the turkey sausage did not make it through the holidays.
you didn't do nothing today!! Haha
Hearing lots of moans & groans about sore muscles from this week's volleyball tryouts. Hang in there! Today is the last day for some of you.
My thanks to all of you who have served our nation for providing and protecting the freedoms I enjoy each day.
T.I. get outta jail and the name of his new album is called "Trouble Man". Trouble should be the last thang on his mind
preciate that....and yours is the shhnite
Yes, nothing replaces direct contact, listening to what people are really saying, see people's expressions, reactions, etc.
I'm a eat me a double cheese burger!:)JK but I want one
We want to thank + for joining us at our #twitterparty today!
The crowd is great here at the Classic - you should head on down! Dunk contest finals at halftime!
why every time I go to delete a text, all I can think of is saying "DELTE DELETE DELETE!!" haha :D
EASY Hummos- like dip #recipe: 1 can chickpeas (reserve jce), 1 sqzed lemon, 4 T olive oil - Whirr in processor - add reserved juice 2 thin
RT #Sagittarius are only interested in honesty, not mind games.
Bravo!! 2 the Opera on Tap singers in SF-artists just gotta do it and stop waiting for the corporations to pick the chosen few!
i'm a huge fan!! please follow back!!!<U+2665>
#EastSideMustHaves- Blue Crabs! That ish is on point!
insure of context, but I write for
Is your team in Florida doing some training this week or something?
It's International Workers' Day! ATX's is closed to observe this labor movement holiday. How are you observing?
Signature, the base trim, comes standard with a full leather interior, 17- inch machined aluminum wheels, and two tone paint
Wow I always wanted to be in Wall Street Journal. We made it in their Winter2009 fashion supplement.Took a few decades. But worth waiting.
Happy Birthday bro!
Our Sat evening, your Sun afternoon for pirates? Beki can play too. Can do our afternoon if it's raining here (50% chance)
ty for not destroying my story . try to have a restful weekend
I hope he's so adorable him and Niall and Zayn and Liam and Louis <3
Not funny. No subject is out of bounds for you.
I miss when didn't have so many followers it was so much easier to get noticed by him and now it's practically impossible :(
when are you and coming up to Mke? Hm?
Life is exhausting. Today I look like a bum because I feel like a bum and probably could have slept the entire day away.
"above all else...know thyself"
has one more load of laundry and there will not be a single dirty cloth item in my home before I go to Mexico.
Our while life is packed. We begin our journey in < 7 hours.
i wish you the very best for the future, fun & health. Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)<3
"In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you."
There are two kinds of writer: those that make you think, and those that make you wonder. - Brian Aldiss
We will miss you Dr. Hughes! Hughes resigns as Greendale Schools superintendent - FranklinNOW...
Did you follow more and more people or did you tweet more to make it? I also want to get more followers.
Family walks are a great way to encourage healthy behavior and spend time with your loved ones!
Man, rough poop I am having right now. Feels like I'm not done, but can't quite force what remains out.
Just created LinkedIn company page 'Brausse Group'. Go follow if you're on LinkedIn. Machine videos and promos updated there.
Ad for Croatia, saw images of Bol, Sveti Stefan, Dubrovnik....I think I'm ready to go back now.
Did you get a chance to read my tweet about my quince? I would really appreciate it if you do read it.. Please follow? (:
"Life is fragile handle with prayer"
Weird Monday: Vringo Soars As Mark Cuban Buys 7.4% Stake
Really disappointed in the last 1/3 of Swamplandia! It took the book in an unnecessary direction. Upsetting, self-serving, and a cop out...
lol anything u want say to me :) haha have fun at school :p
Went to bed at 3 and i up?
Happy B-day Zach!
I sincerely hope nothing bad happens to the guy demoing concrete stairs with a jack hammer across the street on saturday when I have a cold.
Watching Blue Valentine for the 1st time.
Out of the shower and getting dressed.....keynote and brunch in an hour
Hi Bob. Just saw you founded the excellent Kerouac Project - nice to meet you!
Got my middle up cause I dont give a fuuuck .
nothing compared to me
Would have preferred to see ur team in the SB. Emotionally prepping for redemption from my beloved Vikings.
Yes! Another reason to love red wine :)
WOO WOO WOO YOU KNOW IT!!!!!
Sleep schedule? What's that?...
Dear AT&T: can't send a text from summerfest, please fix it
bust my ass working out! then possibly the waterfront or beacon or somewhere with some cool kids!
No I've never heard of the site. Will check it out!
so jealous youre there! Please do the ride along!
hello what's up?
aha or not.
I, for one, welcome our robotic overlords.
Ms. Bowser, are you pocket-tweeting? Just a heads up.
Unforgettable moments
Yes to Madonna!!!!!!
Whats up with the association roster updates
& the perfect couple
theres no excuse since black people are your favorite people lol
I really want to dye my hair like Ari's, but I just know it wouldn't turn out like hers. So maybe I will do temp. dye next year :P
You interested in anything at the mo?
I rec'd some prototypes today.It works so well cleaning my dogs just by giving them a massage.The 3 cockers loved it!So did I.
Are libraries branding digital items well or is Google getting the credit because users don't really know where the item came from
np and I mean every word of it :)
okay waiting..... on what's next??
Carolyn Wood, CEO of Catholic Relief Services is at Harvard and says personal accountability is key for #development and #humanitarian work.
What's the name of the person when I talk with ?
NW: Good Burger
art print posters free, just click our facebook like button to earn 1
Sunday, August 14: Drink soup and support local artists at SOUP N'AT at the BrewHouse from 6-8pm!
Just wondering what's on people's minds more in March - allergies or spring cleaning?
Off to get my 2nd Tat. I am so excited about this one
I'm still scared of the Peter Pan ride at Disney Land though.. :-x
long weekend is over :(
Just added indexing to my MongoDB instance on Incredibly scary, while incredibly simple....
10 more until we hit #800 Let's hit the mark today!!!
Everyone go follow !!
um penciled in babe! Really!!!!U better get it together mr!!!! Bahahahaha
tonight we dance... lookin forward to that
and every phatty has some smell or problem that comes with it!
What additional info do you need? I'll see what I can find out.
Quitting time (on this particular project) is 5:30, if not earlier.
really wants to watch 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind"
The real question is whether or not I'll be able to find my American flag bow tie.
drop your phone like its hot ! 3x sun drop show us how u drop!
Best. Night. Ever! Thanks and Ask me about the hooker and her john... you won't regret it.
Yikes. You guys are rockstars. Hope it wasn't for anything too heinous.
Atlanta Hawks All-Stars Joe Johnson and Al Horford have a combined 12 points, Hawks down 70-45, 4 minutes left in the third
But really everyone and my mother I haven't missed a flight since freshman year!
¡Yes! We're culturizing and colonizing them as well- they're enjoying life louder now!
Of course I need sleep..but I can't
u thought wrong
Okay, he'll be on in the last half of the show... in 5 minutes... TLC for the Troops!
FREE SHIPPING on ALL products at www.lasalita.com till the end of Dec! Give the gift of Pure New Mexican flavor.
THats the same way I feel Bro real shit we gon
They're getting there.
now has the propane issues fixed! They are open today for Preview Hours until they sell out. Grand Opening is Wed April 4!
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. ~ Lauren Bacall
I need a bible study book
Thanks so much T!
I've never gone shopping on Black Friday. Does this mean I'm responsible for the economy being in the toilet?
All's great, Bernie - thanks!
Helicopter sounds repressing me, jah provider blessing me
Thank you for sharing the link!
I feel like its fake and it's a biz deal! RT Kim Kardashian, Kanye West will appear on new season of"Keeping Up With the Kardashians"
don't forget the camera for tomorrow! :)
Whoopwhoop we finally have a twitter ;D.
Ah, not good, we will fix that, thanks!
and we out... hasta manana ! baby.
Flight Status: I made it to the gate and on the plane just now. My flight leaves in 5 minutes.
we love disc golf and we love ! our new disc golf app is changing the game and we can't wait to launch!
Ya that is the craziest thing ever, i wonder if that happens To other people besides us...
Oh it is just the default screen when launching the app store app on Mac
So many thoughts whirling around in my head. Can't wait to get home and start writing, it's gonna be great.
why do i have all these quarters in my wallet? it's like im going to play arcade games later.
I'm enjoying Zach's performance tonight, in the game and his overall gamesmanship. Him getting in CP3's head was nice.
And, did the forest battle with Thor, Cap and Iron Man. A lot of vendors on this film.
I argue with a white supremicist as we speak.he is truly the most ignorant,small minded,hipocritical,person I've ever spoke to
In Music Meeting Tokyo Police Club “Break Neck Speed” Nice to hear from them, song has a weird pace but it is a nice piece of pop
don't have anything exciting
Nice pics guys. Looks like Dodgeball is a big hit out on LI!
every end is just a new beginning
Getting more ink, pics to follow.
wow. tears into for smoking ad. never seen schieffer like that. he's a cancer survivor.
Don't stand in the way of your own success.
Very interested. Are you using or some other means to capture tweets?
RT : We should all remember to tweet the praise as well instead of only the complaints. - I totally agree!
We wouldn't be where we are if it wasn't for and the crew. A big shout out to real friends.
This shit is unreal......
I'd rather not encourage Rosenblargh with more site hits.
awe , you guys are so nice to each other . (:
Baylor defense just needed that stop, but that did look like a late hit on the WR
Drama is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue
Men should not be able to vote on abortion.
MINE YAK. MINE!
2 more hours and I'm out of this Lil function...
No school tomorrow!!! <3333 thank goodness (: but still... im going to bed :P
and everybody else puts the Ha! Ha! in "happiness", regarding your obsession with your little penis.......
wish we could have been there, cheers to Bobby McCusker for stepping up!
look at the time + my arrogance.
It's #musicmonday who are some bands that you think are fancy?
added you!
Dbacks Lose Another One! Ugh
call me now so we can tlk about it
lookin good Jeff! RT : Great pic of some #UPenn alums (08s in there too!) on CNN.com homepage.
Had to decide between doing my math homework or doing my nails. I chose nails.
Yes, they've shown that a mother's body will respond when her baby cries, even if they are miles apart. They are still connected
I would love to but I will be up two weeks before. Doubt going back up will be feasable
Self re-invention is a process. It helps to have a plan. The process is fun! No finish required to enjoy it!
“: yea im just afraid ima fail and not be the best tht iCn be” you'll never know if you don't try... I say do da shit
I think I would be more than annoyed.
missed you at tonight! #corefusioncardio is awesome!
I didn’t get that at all.
My friend said she heard me on the radio in Santa Cruz this week. Love it when that happens!
I love it here my bad!!! LoL
Great win by them Detroit Tigers down by 7 came back on them niggaz lol
Mann , Summer Cheated ! smh , That Girl Make Me Sick Shoo !.
I remember coding a connected component algorithm very similar in data stage ETL. Much cleaner in map/reduce!
Biked 25 miles today with Billy! Phew...the views were amazing! Now off to paint my hallway and install new door jams...
Whereabouts in dtown?
call me when you can
RT ": This bitch said she get all her niggas tatted..<<<<<<<<<< wft" fuck wrong with her
what are you doing?
sharing<3 from blog "If you want to see what your body will look like tomorrow, look at your #thoughts today"
Have fun with that!
and getting worse
Yes! #LongBeachPoly #GoRabbits RT : can I get a follow back?
“If it is right, it happens—The main thing is not to hurry. Nothing good gets away.” -John Steinbeck.
Definitely will do!! Have a great day!!
Welcome to the Postgame Family SYRACUSE- yes "the cuse is in the house" GR8 school will now have GR8 3 in 1 for their showers PLS RT
yes! Colum is no joke. He inspires because he has the talent AND does the work.
bo. aren't you from New Mexico?
I cant wait to watch panormal activity 3 :)
1 more practice. Then we are off to Nashville to compete in the World Championships!!! Woo hoo!
Today is definitely straight out of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode
Happy 1st day of summer, welcome to the longest day of the year! I hope you use your extra daylight to enjoy the outdoors:)
One month left in Texas. Loco.
it's monday, yourhangover always feels worse on this day than any other
When too many people are on your netflix account and you can't watch<<<<<
Wisconsin Football Spring Game replay Melvin Gordon had ~30yd. run brought back on flag. W/o flag, RS Fr RB had ~190yds.
Still looking for a place in NYC to crash to do these job interviews.
Damn Last Day Of Summer N I'm Going 2 Spend It By Getting A Hair Cut N BabySitting My Bros -__- Worst Summer But I Did Get 2 Meet PrinceRoyc
Inside all of us, is a wild thing
It's super easy to post to it from Google Reader, so that's what I do, don't think anyone reads it except a few (3) friends
i can see this
Enjoying IPRA Event on social media
just try staying away from him and avoiding and not talking to him as much as possible!
RT : Sometimes you have to give up your donkey. (Luke 10:34)
P.O.D., Brian"HEAD"Welch (formerly of KoRn), Emery, Da T.R.U.T.H. @ Bull Run Special Events Center...D.C. May 14th...www.SpringJamFest.com
I am so comfortable right now. Do I have to get up?
Greg and Marsha were whores.
#healthtip: Studies show eating vegetables will keep the brain young.
Just booked another day of work on one of my new favorite shows: Revenge!! What a week!! Woot! Huzzah!! bouncy bouncy bounce!
Perfect cold and cloudy day to stay home sleeping.... what am I doing out of bed ? Oh yeah... work.
La la la. Casually waiting for graduation to start.
You just dont get me :o
I'm About To Blow Ya' Mind.
Dog's food poisoning = very little sleep. Important lesson: when dog wakes u up at 3am and wants to go out, TAKE HIM.
Thanks for accepting me! I'm excited to connect with members of #CTL. Sadly, it's also time to get back to fundraising call time
Game time!!!
Such a beautiful Day Today! Enjoy your friday!
JB where are you now??
What my bf is texting me right now >>>>>:-)
Started at 1, told myself I'd read for a half hour.. It's been 2 and a half. I'm obsessed.
#DataDay Draisen: "Segregation among children remains far more severe than among adults."
RT - Who would have thought SF Giants & Cleveland Indians would be so popular BART train is standing room only before La...
Shipping to basic soon...
Be the change you wish to see in the world. -Gandhi
thanks, Paul. Hope all is well with you.
sounds pretty cool, & textting (:
“: Still havnt saw the avengers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
MLA panel submitted for amazing roundtable on the speculative with , , Aimee Bahng, Shelley Streeby. Fingers crossed!
that's weird...
Young players look at the coach in the eye. Make sure you know whats going on.
Oh good! Poor guy!
...get enough nutrients. Vegan needs are just different, because our diets are different. :)
Looking for: Organizational Development Directors and Managers also a Social Media Manager
Congrats on your wedding! Good luck!
Thank you for this: "...leadership starts with the leader [but] is never about the leader."
and yes as a history major I'm rather embarrassed by the fact I didn't know this until tonight...2027 will be an interesting year
again with the child metaphors
my dad's all-time favorite players of mine & that is saying a lot cuz my dad has been around for a BUNCH of players.
Ill hit youin the am....Orphanz™
I hope you two are throwing back drinks for me right now
frozen fruit
how r u stranger
RT : Love the earth? Love Milwaukee? Make it official and help celebrate Earth Day Milwaukee tomorrow from 11-1!...
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ Its too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
lmao. I ain't never scared!!
Getting sick
heard your stuff on your site--pretty impressive. got a couple of jobs I think you can help with. DM me your skype or AIM sn
awesome ! Have a safe trip! A couple of my buddies are going but I decided work :(
no i told u im working overnight so im here at work ryt now lol
for gamer theory, after 'final' publication->put out a new "edition" of website
bahah yea it would of been better if I put it like that!
Was just about to pass out on the train and then 'turn my swag on' came on in the headphones. Game changer.
thanks for the follow! What are your favorite mobile app(s) for twitter? Mine are and
Really wish I could have MSG right now to watch the #sabres game...stupid Time Warner.
I wanted to go to the movies with my boyfriend but plans might not go through
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open.
Happy hour starts at 4!!!!!
TY for the mention, you guys rock!
Neology is not easy. Charles Dodgson just made it look easy. In a "kindergartener learning Japanese" way.
thanks a ton for your feedback
Sorry to hear no more Amy Pond.
A bear without hair is seriously the weirdest looking thing
Oh and yea I saw you watching boo you can NEVER be me {muah} <3
Nice! Spread the love <3 RT : I'm so going to order tshirts tonight!
what would that be
In need of audition matierial a pint of icecream n a back massage
that made my day :)
We welcome paranormal enthusiasts from all over the globe. Plus, San Diego is a great vacation spot. ;-)
i'd kibda understand y they'd get som1 new, like another iconic boy to cover up his place a while, but not permanent :/
doesn't anyone know if there is a merch booth for ? I really wanna buy their merch..
RT : #HEATfam : 2nd That RT Always excited to see my dude getting some shine......
You too! Thank you!
I'm a bigger fan of Teddy P's version (its my ringtone) with the piano prelude.
hope you finished copying my paper, oli! -.-
I love LA traffic! 1 hour to get 10 miles!! Can't beat it........
Thats Horrible ! You should see where they relegate the second class citizen Autistic people who get only the leftover crumbs
man, you could totally replace Monday with "every day" for me, and you'd have hit the nail on the head!
Hit me up tonite when u get a chance lil bra.
STOP SENDING HATE TO NIALL'S FRIEND ALI!!! you bunch of beotches!! Jeez :/ theyre just friends and even if they were dating be happy.
Our clients need more than PR they need branding. That's where we come in!
I'm down
Meta World Peace on Conan.
I swear, Twitter goes down more than a Stripper...
I figured every studio session with you was like that...
Wow we would get suspended :b
I could really go for some So You Think You Can Dance right about now.
I don't give a damn to Facebook IPO. Why? You know why.
have fun! you deserve it.!
That was a great service for Whitney
"fame!" this song is stuck in my head. thanks :) btw love your senior solo
Thanks for the support. See you tomorrow!
ooc; fuck -___- dictator boyfriend Eh. Bet he makes you cry every night.
I just realized my friend Jamie is truly a Whore-der.. TRULY!
yeah. I will win.
right now...can't wait to try it! Hog cheek looks excellent, what a great bday dinner.
Watching the Aaron's 499 #NASCAR race on fox live from talladega superspeedway. And what they call the big 1 will most likely happen today.
Why do they let you have so much fun?
Dang! You in the shop that late!
- "Governments never learn. Only people learn." - Milton Friedman
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.” Malcolm X
<U+FFFD>The polling of Internet users shows that friends<U+FFFD> recommendations are the most reliable driver behind purchasing decisions
There is a gnat in my office today. Can't get rid of it. Feeling a bit like I'm in a Seinfeld episode.
I've never been this close
SOunds good, I could go for some tonight!
stopping being stupid!
love this. Yes, let's color. Here, there and everywhere. Let's color the world...
i got my SAR gear
ugh I know! I thought about getting one but the prices are outrageous! I'll be sticking with my pc haha
I didn't get it. How did you share it - Twitter? I'll download the app.
thank you good sir! Have a great weekend!
I like either ctooLs or seaTools...
I love Cameron Diaz she is so funny on I so want to see
I have yet to learn about four loko.. :( -Aaron
For once, I wish I had a meeting for the next two hours!
It wasn't clear in my first tweet at all. Don't feel bad.
thats where i saw it today cuz youtube took it down basically cuz its the closest thing to a porno with clothes on
#inappropriatefuneralsongs B.I.G WHO SHOT YA!! LOL
back in the r chillin
perfect cup of coffee. nice day out there. reading about the natural history of the appalachians.
What if we can't go
No wonder I just had such a sudden urge to stick my tongue out! Now that looks very sweet!
It's not the strongest of the species that survives nor the most intelligent. It's the most adaptable to change -Charles Darwin
charm and mystery? HM you're avatar doesn't leave much of that
You're not the only 'late' diagnosis, I know - glad it was finally caught. &thanks! Yeah, sometimes, eating is... interesting.
Alfredo-Where r u? It's time to eat! Maybe if we tweet him he will not be MIA!!
sweet sixteen? ;p
do you ever miss those days where you would hang out with chaz ryan and nolan every single day?(:
will u please follow me :) i would be so blessed :)
Just passed Blu Steel Way leading to Remington Estates. #Zoolander joke?
What are some good recipes for a liquid diet?: Please do not give me milkshake, soup recipes or anything that has alcohol. I need som...
I realized i'm going to Boston in 8 weeks for a much needed vacation and
These kinds of partitions may also be good for keeping thieves away
Good morning, Houston! How's everyone's week so far?
come to Davenport plez
I'm 1/2 through and I appreciate his content. Mostly, I love his delivery. He could read a dictionary & I'd want to listen
SHE SAID THIS IS THE BEST SONG EVER, BEST SONG EVER! uh, yeah. i kinda like
Dude... having flashbacks to some awesome nights in the Petting Zoo listening to BB and others
Just read your twitter stream, I see what's going on now. I must say I like to see the link shortened before sending it off.
Win or go home
RT : Family values. RT 66% of Nevada Republicans thinks brothels should be legal, 20% support gay marriage
i'm getting my belly pierced! :D so scared
RT : "Earned media is arguably the most valuable media because your customers become the channel"
Well, really, I'm not much of a real cop any more since I got promoted. But I like your style, clown.
In other news, the universe hates me today.
Former WI Manufacturers and Commerce president James Haney endorses Tommy Thompson for US Senate. Says Thompson will be "WI's jobs senator."
": there's a pretty girl's birthday tomorrow!!!! <U+2665>" im not the only one!! :D
Other than watching the Celtics, I can't really get into watching basketball until the playoffs.
oh no colors I don't own! Have to check them out.
my stomach hurts and my mom is cooking my favorite food and im not even that hungry for it :(
Sure, wouldn't hurt. Just make sure strainer is sanitized too.
Is that right no school tomorrow? OMG!!!! Wat do u have plan for the whole day? Lol my daughter said sleeping sounds good :-)
9- im almost done :o *gasp*
oh yeah i will be going prestige when i get there. do u know what they give u for prestige?
your do good today
Espresso at 1130p bad idea!
Seeking 360 #panoramic #photographer in #Austin area!
Sit back, relax, and let the music flow
Max, don't be such a tool this week.
Nothin wrong with that ! All you need now is a movie and its "our" version of christmas.... Chinese+Movies :)
You guys killed it. I loved the performance. I wish i was apart of That crew
I agree with this. Foom would be epic.
I used to think that 2 until my cousin made it to MLB a couple of yrs ago & the #Rangers got hot. I make time. :)
Working on converting technical papers to EPUBs. Image and template-heavy docs. Any conversion recommendations? InDesign is tricky...
me too !
S/O to for being my special MUCHACHA<3 i love you(:
I suppose this would be a good time to stick out my hand and ask for donations. Sam.
TY for following
God Has Put An Expiration Date On Your Situation!!!
It's officially embarrassing that this game is close
Early night night twitter!
Man that 72% dark chocolate bar went down fast. Searching for crumbs...
On March 9, 1882, an ad appeared in the San Diego newspaper announcing "La Jolla For Sale."
About to kick off #solveforward 2012 w/ Can't wait!
I love to shop, but find the sensory overload unbearable. Almost in a phobic way.
Goal of the Day: You've cleaned up your Super Bowl party, now hit the gym or go for a run to offset the chips, dip and pigs-in-the-blanket!
Right now Sprint is only carrier allowing true unlimited data, (in part to boost iPhone sales) and that'll probably end soon.
" oh he just called you a thief!" ". Oh hell naww hold his wallet!"
I can't believe I'm missing the #Yankees #HomeOpener today. Go #Yanks!
there's not enough minutes in an hour
Thanks for your support ! We need to stop this awful ordinance.
I can't return them...omg lol everybody seems to think I sit in a room rocking back and forth.
We are releasing the 'Magic Fountain EP' from Australia's ART VS. SCIENCE on March 15th!
To Gabriella from Special Friends in April, May you know love, joy, and peace. May success follow you as you go into each new day.
it's at 10. Come. You have time :D
Happy Thanksgiving!
I Se Act Funny In Person Ahah
“: is a go! Get yr asses down here! #letsparty”
Son of a...I fell asleep around 6:45/7ish pm on sunday. Now its 12:24 am and I'm wide awake. I'm gonna be struggling at work today.
Yes he is!
I Have The Worst "Boyfriend" EVER !
Look forward to receiving award tomorrow night along with all of the other award winners. Wally,Mo,Adam,Ed and many others
We're playing our final show tonight and we're a little bummed. Any advice?
Ouch Chance...rough game for Myers.
Mrsadc thanks for stopping by and showing support! You are the epitome of a lady and leader!!!
RHYTHM. for sure. then melody. then harmony. :)
RT : How IT Asset Management can save you money: Good management of your IT resources can help you save money and reduc......
"Tardy" is the best. workout. song. ever. I swear I would never make it to minute 45 on the elliptical without you!
k thank u beach Luv u miss u call me lol
I like to lie about my birthdate on the internet but I only lie by three days
NorCAL account list please?
Doing the show from very tippy-top of Space Needle tonight. Watch for some great scenery and breathtaking shots from the chopper! 7pm, K5.
oh you seem mature. Bye.
Text me :)
Me too :) was weird but fun.
Can you make certain that the troops march DC makes it in the paper somehow so the media isn't considered completely redundant?
'Go Bears' has now become a trending topic for the middle Georgia region.
so, that's a yes, then?
"well, everyones home life is unsatisfying, if it wasnt, people would live with their parents forever."
Baby-raising success: Dahlia had her 1 yr apt. and passed the 20 lb mark. Just 17 more years of awesomeness until she's off to college.
all at the same time ! Lmao
I think I really should go and clean out my fishtank. It seems kinda yucky in there.
On the living room chair! Wow im just mad and scarred for life >.<
good good. I'll see ya soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#mtvskins Music Television?
Hey homies, IM SO BORED!!!!!
basically one of my favorite interviews ever.
Thank you, Red Cross! RT : In support of those affected by the Navy Aircraft, the Red Cross has assisted 37 individuals...
no, I just stopped going on tumblr but now you're taking over twitter too.
About to head off to #USAG #juniorolympic #nationals in Cincinnati, Ohio!
Congrats. That must feel good. I had one of those projects of long germination come out last yr and can sympathize.
The designer I'm wearing tonight is Forever 21 and dirty Nike couture.
Why are you like the sweetest man ever? Are you in to younger girls? ;) Thanks sugar!
The flying monkeys of Oz; this is Emerald City! RT : love it! who sunk the space needle back in 1997?
Omg shorty got a phatty wearing a full pink ranger costume.. Lol can't b child propriate
Live your life with heart <3
: keeps her bracelet on when she showers ;)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
ill text you..
My boys are going to the championship !
it has it's ups and downs :/
gotta show respect to those who killin er thing ;-)
aww Thank you baby mommy misses you too...I will c u next week!!!! YAY!!!!!!!!
RT : When you have spent your whole life #20years, growing up in this music , best you can wish for , is that the next...
Lost my bowtie from my rented tuxedo last night...who feels me?
Finally watched Inglourious Basterds (why is it spelled wrong?). Oh how I love Quentin Tarantino.
That was a fun track meet with lmao
Everyone Follow She wants Followers
that is so 1999
Sat 13th Feb from 5pm @ Grisly Pear - Eastenders 25th Anniversary Party - Will be featured in Timeout New York next week
in my humble opinion, hope he doesn't make it. Creates too much of a possibility for a sequel
Answering questions for a career blog on the benefits of
Work then going to the ready set concert with shellby =)
Annoying yelping dog needs to shut up across the street!!
hello everyone! well back it just got done with my 2nd workout of the day going to start looking for my next contest.
okay! Ill text you on it so you have my number then we can text about concerts! Woo! Haha.
Well....good night n morning everyone because to anyone in the pittsburgh that knows it's 3:10AM and for people who aren't!!!
and no caddy!
just posted some new dates on our fbook, Phone Calls From Home anyone?
Tofu stir fry for dinner tonight! Gotta admit, I never have liked tofu, but my girlfriend did Awesome making it taste delicious!
UNITED STATES IN GROUP C OF #WORLD #CUP WITH ENGLAND AND ALGERIA... WHO WILL BE THE LAST TEAM?
good night
Did anyone get invite from Obamaabarak on twitter? Check the spelling first.
I mean.. it is easter.
ugh u guys suck. i don't wanna do it!! how long is it?
apparently they're "working on resolving the issue"
It's all about the new beginnings
IF YOU GETTING HIGH!!! SAY HIGH
LMAO David..you are too funny!
Kyle Turley is the coolest player to ever play professional football.
Thanks, Noel - you're a doll, as always. Hi, - nice to meet you. ;)
Thanks it's hurry up and wait. need this day to go faster.
great thx. but are the views counted?
Cant wait to see more of you guys! Lets get green!
Be sure to check out our website for updates on upcoming events!
Congrats to for securing a summer research assistant. Let's get her or him digging into digital data for you!
Very helpful. Writing about how DH/d-peds might need to pick up that ball ourselves, if inst. are not
Youth hockey league games this Saturday.
Must be. I don't understand wry sarcasm. Good Monster weather for you today!
Fun Fact of the Day: Dogs are mentioned 14 times in the Bible!
hm not sure. Interesting thought though.
I enjoyed it & now I'm going to read your other books! (Well not NOW now, but at some undetermined point in the future I will.)
I did some field peas and rice, with beans, mac pie & some pork to boast those testosterone levels RT : Hm what's for lunch??
Goodnight guys (:
yes baby, that was me...
changes to "stop and frisk" .... but no cease to "stop and frisk"
News conference about State Fair stage collapse to begin any minute -- tune in to Fox59 News First at 4 to watch it live!
God hears our prayers as we ask through our Savior, Jesus Christ. His will occurs. We have to trust the way He has given us.
Yay practice:) tournament this weekend that in super excite for!!!!:D
Civic with Red Decals and Stickers needing removal | Wonder ...
Watching #VMAs i think that BS deserve it! :) but i love KP oh yeah,come on
*SAVE THE DATE* - July 24th-28th USBC Hosting Annual School of Chamber Management at Georgetown University in Washington, DC. Stay tuned!
well that makes sense, dont go with someone that is mean! Brennan is a cool kid though. One of my favorite guys on the squad
Have been trying to get some sleep ALL day. Can't seem to turn my head off. I'm nuts...shutting my eyes, now.
Hey fog, its nice of you to conceal the road that isn't there:P
Josh Hamilton had nine home runs last week. Cesar Izturis has 16 home runs in his 12-year career.
I don't even need a phone, nobody texts me
Waking up late at night to go to the bathroom. *Walks there slowly. Finishes. RUNS BACK BEFORE A SERIAL KILLER KILLS ME*
Are there any other instruments at CMU or is it just these damn flutes!?
Note to self. Peel the shrimp before you grill them. It's just easier all the way around.
yeah it comes and goes when I am stressed.
I'm down
Make your own Monday! Let us know what kind of wine you like and we build your own tasting-. Rochefort Trapp. 8 beer on Special-9.20% ABV
Let's take a minute to thank the random guy recording Joe for Ustream so we could all watch his first solo performance.
The wait-time for most rides are at least an hour on a regular day. I cannot imagine the wait-time on a day that has reached full capacity.
thank you 4the #reTweetLuv ->> <<- we are grateful for #DWTSLV ...it's job security 4R family. My husband is your spotlight
Sounds great Andrea! I'd love to play for you!!
It makes it all the more fun when you've got a substantive in the very first stanza.
Thanks for the shout out, co-founder is currently a Fulbright Finalist to study entrprs in Hungary, euro tour nxt?
There is strength in numbers.
NJOYN JESUS! IT'S HOLY WEEK! I'M LOVIN IT! MY INCREDIBLE SAVIOR! THANK YOU JESUS!
Your right about that... But when will the opportunity come across again? (just being devil's advocate)
you were dead to me already.
i know I'm so i don't know how to describe it
I think you have toilet paper hanging out of your shorts, yeah I would get rid of that.
I'm awake!! #LEVILOWREY!
Malaysia wins the best food category so far. :)
oh in our school it's the board meeting and community events :-0 but that sounds fun! I definitely gotta meet the warren ASB!
Perrin, don't judge all Kentucky fans by his music. Please.
I miss talking to the people i used to talk to
that's a duhh moment lol ;)
Ole' Blarney at each year.
SO to Ben Watters, Joe Pagura and Jassim Saqr at #VAHS for helping me out yesterday. You three are my Heroes of the Week.
Great, thank you!
joy hop why does she have on different shoes
hoping the good luck fairy is following me around today.. :)
Well McClellan still slow moving out of defensive zone; Lincoln looking to deal turnover machine William Rosecrans.
#tusg My #BCEagles won the NCAA hockey title in the #FrozenFour this past weekend in Tampa
Turn any break into a sweet escape with cool, creamy iced coffee. Get it in 2 delicious flavors, French Vanilla & irresistibly rich Mocha.
Provide a customer a useful #facebook app, add simple data integration, and you can provide them with #emailmarketing they actually want.
We love your blog! Where do you find the inspiration?
RT if ur favorite superhero is BATMAN!
Watching the Boston Marathon. Kudos to Kenya!
I'm trying hard. Real hard. Everyday not to lose my temper.
When did the NBA become full of Drama..???Miami & coachgate!!
well I dont really want everyone know if u know what I mean? :)
How I miss ! She was so inspiring. Listening to my tears dry on their own right now.
are you serious? Now you can know the best hikes so we can go to SB next spring right?!
When does a mediocre emotion become a strong one?
word? that would be hella dope!
I know what I like and I like what I know.
I wish I had some right now
hey me again..since ur done taking a piss can u give me shoutout or something so my friend will believe u replied my tweets
I had to Google that but it only made that funnier. :)
Super impressive right!?! Keep up the #edchat all! It's awesome!
#nationalcleavageday well well well
Does 1:00 pm work then? or is 1:30 better. Let me know. Is Rally close to the Ferry Building?
I remember once I got high with an ex and he started to dance and I swear to you, I have never seen anything so ugly in my whole life
Mark your calendars: the GPPC will be hosting another Philosophy Slam on Thursday, November 17. Details to follow.
FINALLY got my tickets to see 's WAR HORSE! Can't wait for Dec 29! Gonna be good time w/ & !
I dont really speak spanish ova here in ny we say it to guys/girls as fun/puts on vest run to hide pulls out 2macs
Good. That may be why your back is getting wacky. You must rest seeing as you are not a robot. A machine maybe but not a robot.
Wth is Brown starting Ebanks! He's f terrible. We definitely need back or this series is probably over!!!
I feel your pain. Flying by myself for the first time has made me more awk than I could ever imagine. See you soon!
. takes the Congo Square stage today at 11:15am. Shine on #Loyno performers!
&park #wheniwasyoung i use to wait for my mother to pick me up and when i get home iget a glass of cold milk and warm cookies
Happy first day of the best month EVAR.
North Korea is a rogue state, that is being propped up by insecure China! Time to discard status quo!
Target audience: "historians who know nothing about science; scientists who know nothing about history; and the literate, educated public".
Apparently we were in the newspaper on thurs. Woot!
Pshhh forget YOLO, my motto is Previously on the West Wing
Heading to to pick some items for my house :)
what up? Years since we dont talk hahaha :)
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act
was worth a shot. Have missed for over two years now and missed it last Oct. due to mixup on their part.
don't worry if i count beats, i count checks.
I'm so happy that I get the house to myself all day long.
why thank you!
how you doing on that track , you find it yet?
Haha im sure...
im not sure how but backstreet boys and a cuppa has been very conducive to my finishing my music homework.
i just did. Chill.
#INSTAGRAM me..u band wagon android ppl lol
is like thank god im safe
You know, I might give my first-born. Especially if Seth Myers ever comes back.
Keep clear of Boxes and any cases of lazies you may come across
Ha! RT : large tuna, have you seen my cell phone device?
Oh right. I had asked to be friends with you on FB a year ago, and now that you're getting married you want to be my friend? Jerk.
I know I should be out tonight but I have so much on my mind I got to write it all down. I will be out tomorrow night.
Has reached a breaking point.
I assume your at guard practice, so text me as soon as you get out :)
Lebron James is making the Knicks look like the Bobcats
Hoping I can go to Atlanta at the end of this month!
#nisoEbook Paxhia: only 58% of students purchasing traditional print version of current edition, both new and used
why is every one of these commercials for the mccafe smoothies for black people?
And I am the only one in my train car... Creepy.
truth, def can't knock that mans hustle
My boys and I enjoyed Nash Smasher! They were laughing out loud. Little do they know they used to be Nash Smashers, too!
Looked into PDF e-file for business tax forms this year. How? Save PDFs to a diskette/CD and mail that in.
C CORPORATION TAXES! CAN I AVOID DOUBLE TAXATION? http;//www.taxproblem.org
Q10 Yes! - all great. Everyone visualises and interprets them differently
yeah so read my fanfic
It was great to be there with your crew. Thank you so much for having us!
Your Anthrax playlist in your book only has 1 song from PoT. Do u not like that album?
I'm not used to these 5 day work weeks and two day weekends!! What happened to my 4 day week and 3 day weekends!?!
Chew up a Halls coughdrop...lick that clit...blow on it a lil bit...feel good dont it?! Lol
happy it was! Where will you be next year?
Kobe might of made the shot buh Wade was owning the lakers
being a #skinny girl and drinking my coconut water after the gym
We can all be happy if you do not intend just need the right person
Coming home to lay in bed and read was a brilliant idea. Breeze is warm and the bed is comfy. My bad day needed this.
What happens to the content created?
She get wet like calliou
Familiar with Dr. King's final speech the night before his assassination? If so email me at
This little 13 year old boy is really trya get my number tho lol
Who wants some cool ts's?? www.skellawear.com
When you think your kid is saying "book" so you tell them to go get it. Then you hear the silverware drawer open and realize they said fork.
well.... i guess i got to go bye lov u sebastion!!!:)
Whoa! She has it down. When she started and I didn't see any superstitious icons on her wall, I had a feeling . . .
How exciting, Ryan! What do you have planned for your visit?
moonshine is completely spectacular! 3rd & red river (right next to the convention center).
Don't you need a pic right about now???
thanks for the link! Mothers Day gift!
“: Miss ur turn there cowboy ” Following yall cowgirl!!!
you gana pay me back doe xP? Lol
I hope that dream comes true :)
The first five years of my solo business, when the struggle seemed neverending, I never missed a day, never took a nap
I'm in love w your tweets #JustSaying :)
's marry the night music video premiere!
My intention for the day was "breathe"...I think it worked.
T-minus 1:45 until #hockey game :)
We <3 #goodnews! HCS is going to work with a SMGW #NextStepProgram participant to help her get an apartment of her own!
dunked all over tonight
Today I'm working on my performance evaluation paperwork, which entails taking stock of a lot of my past, including student evaluations.
Telemarketer: "Have I reached a business?" Me: "Yes." Telemarketer, snidely: "Ugh. Sir, I'm afraid I can only interview RESIDENCES." CLICK.
Hey, can you give us a shoutout? We are a news Twitter page and the guys are going on tour w/ ! :)
didn't they just finish with Chelsea last year too?
Chatting with tech support. Oh joy.
But, do they have the chest to play SEC footbaw?
Hey! What's up?
#NoShame is a good thing. (;
The Love Monkeys play it all at will be tonight at 9:30! We promise you will enjoy yourselves!
it's all about walls and semi-portable furniture. How many giant ref desks could be replaced by smaller kiosks?
u want someone to tweet? Well i just did!
Viral Judaism is very relevant in today's world
Today it is Sunday...
Claude Giroux, the best player on the GOLF COURSE
Not that I have seen as of yet, I would bet right now it is only through iBooks2.
I'd love to see a group of kids in Sarah's examples
1 minute clip of SNAKE BITE>>>>>enjoy...
will rock your face off.
Okay if anyones on comment your favorite ICONic Boyz memory! It can be anything! ~Ashley
Thanks for the RT!
Google isn't celebrating Dr. Seuss ... Huh?
Today we have a in depth review of Beach House's, Bloom album.
I'm bored.
#fundraising+you pitch the problem, if you have traction tell it in the 1st 30 sec be confident but don't be a jerk
We headed from the depot to the Willard Hotel, where Mr. Lincoln and his family would stay until the inauguration.
Followed. Xo
“: Just picked up my cap and gown. Having Kofo with me damn near made me cry. Smh. It's gettin real outchea.” *hug*
I just heard 2 great things from you! Ahhhahaha. Is coop looking into getting a new trapper keeper?
You can never be too real
That classic "sad" expression in a lyrical dance...
RT : What questions do you have on PINTEREST? (For our Webinar next wk, tickets still available!)...
RT : Come out to Wiseguys Improv, tonight at the Full Moon Club! As always, it's only $5. 21+, 8:30. Don't miss it, dude!
Reading that letter made me wanna be around my family in the Tenn ... I see the open road in my future very soon
I hadn't seen that Nerd Kyle Tucker picking on KSR again. He's so mean!
why am I not writing these papers?
you ever look and realize you've gotten overtime as a part time high schooler only to think what the fuck? Get on my level son.
there are no mosquitos here :D
We have some GREAT prizes on-hand for an HF-Twestival raffle. Details coming soon...
Roses r red, flowers r blue, i think im in love, but baby its with u:))
When Karol randomly says "I used to have a turtle... But then it ran away." out of nowhere. Lmfaooo!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Woke up this am to find my 7 yr old reading a book @ 6am. Felt like I was seeing my son hit a game winner...proud dad moment!!
Way to go Dodgers Way to go!clap clap
What we plant in the soil of contemplation, we shall reap in the harvest of action. - Meister Eckhart
you are most welcome!
Uho. Lights are flickering. I think this wind storm might win. Winning!
Thanks for the #FF. Everyone should be following you too!
just left bella. She was a pain in the ass. Asking for kisses every birthday..
dreamed i forgot where i lived and i couldn't find my iPhone :( ...
of stop if I blushing
No problem! The house looked amazing - he definitely know what he is doing!
That picture of Callista stil freaks me out. And it comes right after a sweetheart picture of Ron Paul.
I'm a United fan. City just took the title at the last minute :(
Thanks for the recent mention. Let us know when the next issue is available!
Nice 's article on 's , though to be honest, I banned myself from the site without a job or any income coming in.
Will do! Good luck on the speech!
lol true... And yeah bro you been everywhere but the best place in american nigga lol you gotta come visit bro
hey tweeps! countdown to 2010 - cant wait to see everyone tonight!
you a twin? God made two of you? I want a hug right before we got to church.
I party all night long , <U+2665> !
The one and only Bette Davis ferocious as ever in The Letter. Tonight at 6pm!
#expchat BIGGER pools and kid-free zones, a pilates studio, an outdoor movie theater to watch under the stars!
Watch out, Friday! The business day is over and you are mine.
Frustration and screen protectors will forever be interconnected
who remember "first time" by lil corey???? (y)
Yep... This is what I do... Dream team... Stuart thunder pineapple express Scaramucci... And guy Travis Jamarcus Oakland hookah reeks... ...
Evaluating a new marketing initiative? Look for encouraging early signs eg inquiries from clients. Marketing is about making the phone ring
Chillin man but working hard...SUP over der...Orphanz™
I am out of here. Headed home<U+FFFD>
Producers & then contact me with further info... Imagine I'm picked to be apart of the 1D superfan MTV thing? I will cry.
Easiest way to stop giving a fuck? Never start.
hello mama mahone <3 i hope you have an amazing day today:) love you.
MUST<U+2605><U+2605>Follow and thanks to
Did I just feel a little quake in LA??
and the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now ~
58 degrees today. Melt that snow so I can golf!
you guys are so innovative
We are off to see the Wizard Live See a preview from the Newmark Theatre. Dorthy clicks her heels for us.
what are you talking about
Watching the Texans lose in a room full of Texans fans
how about Dolores?
Lmfao everyone starts bustin up “: Me: You had a girlfriend last semester? : Yeaah...... Fucken bitch!”
On my way to Mn Vikings training camp to photo some linebackers!!!
B-Rob!
I wunna grow old with you. <3
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
Angel is an Angel now. <3 ..
You..don't sound to happy... :(
I just came to the conclusion. 60% of Ppl only shoot ppl because the dnt have good come back jokes
So proud of !He's come a long way and I was with him every step of the way.I Love You This Big Scotty! XOXOxoxo Haley :D
My record is impeccable
Thank you Lord I didn't let him drink any.. it be RIP
I know you're lying.
such a reorg!
Anyone day drinking in South Carolina?
I'm so serious I'm not n the mood this year, I didn't want 2 put up a tree, so I got 1 w/the lites on it already,lol
can I have some free shoes?
bestfriend they suspended me for 4 days and the school still got my phone , dm me your number !
And I thought the judges were way off on Hollie. I thought that was one of her best performances.
Love the Buddy Bears; 's food photos make me so hungry (and miss KL).
Hi Ms. Lady a little under the weather but not going to let it stop me.. going to make it a great day!
I would be fishing hopefully by 10
Man aint tweeted in a minute though.
LOLL I KNOWWW ": Why Do Females Say "Suck My Dick"? Shit Kinda Scares Me Sometimes"
nothing just chillin' wazzap with you? :D
I wish we could just be best friends again and pretend like nothing ever happened.
Nothing says we can't go twice!
STUDIO!!! I'm working on a mixtape so I can get super famous lol
Everyone go wish my yuicy lover a happy birthday!!!!! <3
This little road tip is about over.
I'm calm mam.
Why isnt a childrens museum full of old kids?
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!<3 FOLLOW HIM!
LOL I DIDN'T THINK WASHINGTON HAD VERY MANY ICONiacz. I WAS WRONG.
heck no! Then Pete Rose deserves to go in, steroids are worse then gambling
I'm sorry i'm such a bad daughter mom.
I wish all 4 could win.....
Shoutout to for his amazing tweets from Miss America this week and for all he did for his ladies/clients! Love you Chris!
lucky fuckin bitch
RIP #AdamYauch of the Beastie Boys
Thanks for the shout out! We're really excited to have gotten our social media off the ground and tweeting!
I so agree with you Bim! That's why I don't do Facebook either! :o)
I know, right? Nothing's sacred, I guess.
Hahah how annoyed of me are you right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#thingsthatbotherme Ignorance and Arrogance. At the same time.
good guess. Nice pick for the late rounds.
there's different sections tho if it's like that then I got m&g hopefully
Dude this is stupid , I can't sleep !
Followers, hello.c:
RT : So far so good! Thanks RT : Hope everyone has a great day!
Can't wait to see the dictator tomm.
Love the interactive polling at #libtablet!
I must say that I've never taught this way or is it used in my elem school. I just like the concept at this point.
At this bby shower rite now
Growth and progress RT “: Far from what I once was but not yet what I am going to be”
bout ten bucks at Walmart.
#3words: I'm so blessed
"Game of Scones: Baked Goods Bribery and Correlated Grading Practices in Graduate Seminars"
Haven't worked out in a few days, time to start on it right now.
South Milwaukee Trick or Treat Sunday October 30th 2PM to 4PM
Wow! Kate it was raining.Wasn't it? How did you manage? This is Great. Keep it up! Keep on running! Have a great evening!
Students take OL courses for convenience but without technology proficiency - what to do?
Beware the ides of March. But like seriously, thats real.
See I lost a few followers, must have been something I posted!
#chelseafc I believe in Roberto De Matteo
i heard somebody say once... being first is almost like being wrong!!!
Who likes baseball?
Unknown Hinson tomorrow night W.unknownhinson.com
WATCH: Did George Carlin Predict Occupy Wall Street? huff.to/qQVktb via
I'll check it out I'm still waiting for you to start ur blog again
I aint god but I'll pretend..I ain't Start your life but I'll bring it to a end
can i get a follow or a RT from the guy who does the best impressions?!
U guys keep me sane during the day w/ ur twitter updates
Jonny don't play well with others. I just don't. Sorry. :)
A big thank you to everyone who counts and a big fuck you to the rest!
I kinda hope its hot today!
I don't get it!
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs less. ~Brendan Francis, Playboy, 1985
Thank you :)
Still ain't copped that #MaxPayne3 I'm slackin
Just got back from watching my son play.. Lost by 2, he played well but had a BAD turnover late..
and charge less for the other quarters?
How about a show? Or even a mob tour - those are so fun!
Can't wait 2c this weekend, I love Cameron Diaz:)
Thank you Nancie...love you!
The first act (of three) is in my editor's hands right now. I hate this part.
I need a big vacation
if you wanna ban gay marriage they you gotta stone your kids. I'm cool with that law.
Minnesota Autos for sale everyone is approved for financing with job. Need a vehicle contact me.
#FF #Learning pros helping others get
And I thought I was the only one! Greetings, kindred soul! I'm having serious #JackBauer withdrawls :( DAMMIT!!
#6HOURS till #boyfriend !! So psyched!!!
on a sticker making binge right now
SOLD OUT! of Sylvia has a Problem limited edition skateboard by
glad to be following.
Bye bye baton rouge :-)
#Thingsthatturnmeoff people wit no sense of adventure
Fan in the beginning is just awesome!
nibble nibble nibble
I actually had on one of those in Ultima Online...
can't wait for the Q in less than an hour!
Mixed messages from weather alerts. Now there’s a tornado warning, now there isn’t. My head is spinning like a funnel cloud.
I just need a bad chick to be behind me I got every thing else
SENIORS receive add'l 25% discount off entire thrift shop purchase Thursday, May 3, from 10-3 pm - must be at least 65-yrs young!
Thucydides~ We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
when the #brewers pitchers go south they really go down quick
My cabbie this morning found out I was going to MN, and when I asked if he'd been, he said, "Of course, I'm from Somalia."
Does anyone have a killer carrot cake cupcake & cream cheese frosting #recipe ?
Loved being with you all!
Just had a great workshop with on conflict management.
Girl in the bunk below me is fapping. The bunk is a'rocking.
Its been a great experience!
Thanks for the #FFs!
"Im the glue between the IT enterprise and clinical leadership"...that's all the news fit to print.
For a journalism workshop I'm doing: best #interviewing advice (for a story, not a job) and #whatIloveaboutjournalism. Thanks!
A lamp in my and my sister's hotel room kinda blew up into flames earlier. Now we have Godiva chocolates and a bottle of wine.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 16
E-mail from Friends of Patterson Park's heading reads, "Battle against obesity canceled." I guess we didn't stand a chance.
“: I'm not as excited for prom but I want all the seniors (TK boys) I'm going with to have a blast (:” make sure u put out.
“: interesting show....um. is that what ppl fro. Tampa call themselves? Tampons?”oh yah, full blooded too. Lol
My ipod is completely donzo
Tanning weather :)
I have a princess, in fact I have a Pink Princess and her name is Ariana Grande ( )
Greys's Anatomy!!!
Being that its nice out ima face a L to the neck and stare at the sun .
Which reminds me - Noel wanted one that says "PHd" in rhinestones commencement. I'll have to get you the files...
Do YouTube show following my teenage cancer life? Getting mostly positive feedback so it just may happen
....Unions broadly and working people in gen. should not be expected to take all the hits in the economy.
we are down there at 5 and would love to sell you tickets. Call 206 816 5648
Thinking about a vacation their. Flying time is extreme though, I'll text you about it.
...rolled one up....bout to light it up....bout to go to work high as fuck...
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Smurfs" - Harry must battle "He Who Must Not Be Smurfed" and save everyone from turning blue.
Considering the fact that I have very little idea of how to use ANY sewing machine, I am a bit stumped at where to start...
Must win for the #Knicks tonight! Gotta put some pressure on Miami!
Good looking newsletter my friend
Research and Markets: Power Wheelchair Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to 2018
How about that Jeff Foster retiring after his 13 season......#PacerFans the last living legend images the squad
#thoughtsduringschool when will I ever use this crap in my life
Good luck to you too Larissa!
I'm eating cake and drinking tequila!
he know that it be a wrap when I'm ridin it from the back
Restart time and stop the clocks. Remove authority, disappate the cops. Do nothing wrong, what is right? Every born man get up to fight!
oh wow... good luck to both of you!!
No, Dick Bremer, you're not making us feel better about the #Twins by saying repeatedly how bad the #Angels are faring by comparison
What's new? Has anyone started school yet?
oh bryan, your like an old person when it comes to technology
re writing: Jesus. Re bdsm: Mom's know there are romance novels that cover that too right?
Good Morning, Lady. Im up eating some chicken spaghetti right now. Thanks sweetie
lmfao. I'm a sarcastic asshole. Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> sorry I didn't text you back I fell asleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
cute kid in my building.....
Not yet.
#flounders blow the whistle!!!!
ARE YOU SERIOUUS!
Agreed. This one person obviously was having a bad day. I don't deserve to be on the receiving end of that.
Also, dubbythe1 is driving from PA. and will be there, too.
Dreamweaver just erased 2 hours worth of work, even though i saved the files every 5 minutes. Actually it erased 2 folders. Blah :(
I love you, I love you, oh, and I love you.
I hate mixed signals. Like the difference between indifference and #disdain .
Games are #1 way that museums are engaging visitors socially. C.f. online survey
(c)would be greatly appreciated! it's hollibenfield04 :)
RT : If you like ribs you should give Twin Anchors a try. Probably the best ribs and bbq sauce I've had.
So, a month ago, Iowa didn't matter. But now, the mistake there might have made the difference.
Good call; that looks nice. Got as far as Dutch 809 but it was getting a little too whimsical or chintzy or something
thanks for the tip - will pick it up!
Talkin on the phone as always with my husband :)
it's good to have realizations. like the one that tells you that you've been studying music for over 14 years & you know how to identify it.
Let Crosby play or he will tell.
We are pushing closer and closer to v1 launch! Expect more info in the coming days!
Praying for you !! You stay strong! The Weddle family loves you
lol cool, I'm just reading your tweets, they are so amazing I love them!!!
3 hour ride to pennsylvania
Who am I kidding. I love them all on
Will everyone stop being so freaking awesome so I could go home sober at least one night this week!
It's getting heated in here folks! Are you tuned in? Sen. Durbin is digging deep.
I in research for help to safe my daughter, If you know are have any idea what can be done read my next step on kristy symptoms.
First day of training at Native Foods Cafe!
I'm a harsh person lol
Thanks for the retweet!!
I'm tweeting man & I'm taking pics at this show Lmao.....j/k....I'm ready to laugh!
I love samples, best music! RT : Can't sleep with the 70's soul channel on bc i keep hearing samples i can use or have been used
Does anyone know what's the easiest way to start a tea business, so that I can just stay home and drink tea?!
oh..haha ok:) wat tweet were u tryin to reply to?
Pretty amazing what we've been able to accomplish across the world in a few generations, isn't it?
We will DM all winners after the party.
RT : KEEP VOTING KEEP VOTING 4 HEART ATTACK <U+E023><U+E329><U+E023><U+E329> SO HE CAN STAY #1 ON 106 &amp; PARK COUNTDOWN<U+E415><U+E420><U+E057><U+E00E>
KIRBBB come to me :(
Batting cages with and Shane mudd
Very fun! RT : Calling all Pinners! Just created a Banner Brunch 2012 board so be sure to pin your photos tomorrow!
Cubs lost, but we have our friends, our Old Style, our Wrigley and our city... Somebody try beating THAT.
i was next to a river yesterday watching fish jump. happy summer is almost here!
Yes! Whats your work email? I need to communicate
ha, amen.
has the best presentation period Wish you did picture in picture for all sports! Especially what u did with commercials
we NEED an album from Make this happen....please
I'm still on a look out for that hair.
is an entertainer. Great job on #TheVoice & "Red River Blue". Blake's hot wife #NowPlaying on
nice view, huh?
Make sure y'all tune into the show tonight unique n athenia talkin about apps
Congrats on the funding, that's awesome!
at the end of Q1, Jam down 21-17.. Bakersfield shot 36% from the field
Good fucking mooning people
TWEET And Tell Them You Want On It !!!!!
check out latest radio ad on FB page
pretty please follow??
I'm into you <3
In da barber shop tryna get fresh... Feelin a lil bit hung ova. Otherwise... Good mornin folks!
help me :(
TGIF......... can I get a AMEND(Brown Voice)
Everyone go and wish the one and only a happy birthday !
Let out all the frustrations...
RT The purest love in the world exists between a rapper and his exotic fish tank.
What's up with the masn broadcast today? Didn't know I switched to directv and their awful broadcast?
I never ask for a perfect relationship.All I want is a simple one. & a person who will stay with me until the end of my journey
me personally-i dont like questioning anything that I do in every aspect of my life but honestly in my opinion u r great @ both ;)
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same. ~Carlos Castaneda
Wow...today marks 6 years since you have passed. RIP Eddie Guerrero u r truly missed.
I had BB torch hahah..but now I have Iphone 4..and I think iphone is better So do U have msn ??
Is researching the "gas shortage" in Atlanta. The dropping prices are proof positive that we were scammed after "Hurricane IKE"!
Thanks for checking out our video! We know is going to be a beast for the
RT : Off to okc for an appointment at ou health sciences!
So ready for this day to end
RT You need to let cross-off #79 and dance on your show
Did he or did he not sing the HELL outta Etta James' "I'd rather be blind." -- Damn.
12! I was 14 when I started and I'm done when I'm 18. I would love to go there(: I love cold. I love when it's sunny but cold.
said heela good hood wings i had today
can you do an interview Thursday at 10 coffee?
gave the fans some relief, #lucky13 it is.
Not taking the time to vote is something I will always regret. Fuck North Carolina. I don't belong here.
Quest to stop biting nails/cuticles has begun. Rubber band is on the wrist and is in constant action. Owwww.
RT Investors in film don't understand a solid ROI. They only understand "Sundance" and "Cannes."
RT : Thanks 4 coming 2 visit us we hope u had a gr8 time! :) *Yes I did-food was gr8 & company was awesome ()
I'll be out there soon.
u rock!!
Congratulations Dawgs, Outright Pac-12 champs!
Saw your punk'd episode. Priceless
Seriously? They're re-releasing Phantom Menace? Who the hell is gonna pay $13 to see that in 3d?
we got you covered!
Today has been sad
I think is my new favorite restaurant
hahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> same here anything for some food <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F> lol I hate driving tho
do you see the possibilities? Each day brings something - keep paying attention!
RT #FF more awesome women *thanks julie!! xo*
THANK U AGAIN FOR COMING TOO WEST PALM BEACH
did you guys ever find to party? She's awesome!
Unexpected b-school bonus #4: Hot Indian Chicks.
pooper scooping my yard while Jake is doing the Lord's work in Guatemala.
“: Well, this is only one of the greatest NFL games ever played. 4 lead changes in final 4 minutes #49ers #Saints” FTW!
Missouri softball team completes sweep of Iowa State - Columbia Missourian
Sitting in the lobby of the Standard watching people pump out of the rotating doors! Didn't intend on it but its so amusing!
I love The Beatles. I really do. But it's really annoying that I can't listen to them through only one earphone. I mean, even they hated it.
is on a quest for the perfect jeans
We're everywhere. ;)
Mine are like 's It's pre-programmed and will change as needed. I never touch it. lol
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
That's kind of what I'm guessing as well.
Y'all look so hot after that shoot out scene
Arguments against cutting small NC Comm colleges. Don't cut colleges- share administration. Everyone is a dean or a VP.~Don
you should do a review on us! :)
I don't smoke pot but I would still like the bong Marty used in Cabin In The Woods. I will also accept in general. Hes so cute.
The 2013 DeMarini M2M BBCOR! They say it's the love child of Rambo and Wonderwoman... You can't go wrong with that! Get it now!...
Looking for some cultural advice here. If you run out of spring roll is it ok to eat the peanut sauce straight?
rt You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
Summer is so close, I can't wait.
So what are some of the best courses online for internet marketing, SM, SEO, PPC, affiliate marketing, etc...
RT : Thanks for joining our Exploring Engagement Fund webinar today. We will post the recording tomorrow on our website.
Bouta go play basketball :D yayy I havent done this ina while .
Thanks for the re-tweet. My lower back feels better already. :)
liquor mart and sushi?
Mourning the passing of #DavyJones. Many an after-school afternoon was spent with The Monkees, Daydream Believing about being in a band.
Everyone's tweeting like they're a gangster tonight
#Dallas and #Cowboys get trending topics, but no #Green Bay or #Packers. Sons of bitches!
Orlando doesn't have enough "magic" to win against the Bucks tonight! Support your team at home at 9 p.m.
#FF : I'm happy to follow u back :)
Like a kid on a bed i could jump for joy all day :)
miss you too. Just let me knowww :)
just unboxed my audiocubes. can't wait to give them a try!
Apology accepted..! haha you baztard, ..I know ya just doin ya damn thang. Thank you man for puttin a lil shine on our team
how was last nite ladies ?! sorry I had to cancel :( bo
Reports: Republican leadership slows Issa move to hold Holder in contempt over
screw Spike Lee he's an ass Knicks fans haven't had anything in years why worry about them now
Let me put this to the public: would you try a hamburger-flavored frozen yogurt? Even just once so you could know what it tasted like?
excellent idea-the best of both worlds!
going to have to get me one of those...
is he still goin on about #unicorns?? #talkaboutbackorders :-) jk!!
Let's go Tigers!
: wearing my irish gpa sweater n thinkin of you
Vin Diesel Teases Two More Riddick Sequels
RT : Set your DVR's or watch live! My mom & I will be on the tomorrow 4/25!
I love Color blocking<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
DEAR CROOKS - This is a bad week to be a crook in Washington DC - Its National Police Week here, 1,000's of Police Officers are in town
always accepting new members to
You've got a knack.
thanks alot you are awesome I will love to meet you -RobenX
Finally out of SCHOOL :D YAYA <3
LMAO RT : For those of you who don't understand how the internet works today, I'm totally in favor of taxing the shit out of the rich.
#AllStaff meeting consisted of lots of #Warof1812 talk. Installation may start in 2 weeks. Deinstallation & painting began a few weeks ago.
naperville IL?
I just got my Museum magazine in the mail today and your name is on the cover!
You know i'll buy anything you're selling. Sign me up for some weight loss product while you're at it.
UPCOMING SHOW: 8/11 Pittsburgh, PA - Hard Rock Cafe
Just dropped off the last payment for my husband's car in the mailbox. No more car payment!! Yeah!!
Lmao ": James Harden deserves another elbow to the head <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>"
TONIGHT....No scheduling conflicts... MST so adjust your timezone TONIGHT getting dumb on ya eardrum
girls night soon?!?
Idiot’s Guide to the Convergence Review: new media
twitter not actually sending my friend's tweets to my phone <<<<<<<<<<<<
Think the worker wasn't ready for the prayers out in the parking lot. missed fox chat though.
no rush :) something that can be set up later in the fall or winter. Can discuss later.
what about when it rains?
RT Ill keep a smile on her face when no other man could, thats wat separates the alphas from betas
Character is how you treat those who can't help you
Jus woke up ugh tired af follow me tho n n ill follow bak>>>
God doesn't give us trials He doesn't think we can handle.
Best hero movie ever (avengers
Hmm Depp does sound a bit scouse now that you mention it. Must be the rum. ;)
when u make breakfast for your mom and she smiles while she chews and swallows hard.
of course Jim Joyce would have a villainous mustache
Hope you get some rest soon.
YouTube Question Of The Week: What's under your bed? Respond with an answer! Can't wait to share these in the video! Thanks!
Shame. Rather good actually!
I'm tired but don't wanna sleep.
It's national burger month. Let the #BurgerGames begin!
Only the once? Well, if I remember correctly, you had sticker shock/basket issues at A and V. Love the desserts.
#FF Great Home Builders , , ,
you're very welcome Sarah. Thank you for your kind words. :)
Please do another call soon!!
We're number 32175 on the ReverbNation Hip Hop charts. www.reverbnation.com/caliburr
Package is the worst word in the world
the other night colleen and i were out.. and we were being negative about a guy wearing nautica ew
You talking completion %? Total completions? From first year starter? Brady was 52% (I believe) and Eli was 47%.
No way! Mine didn't say treat! Did 's? Don't people need treats too?
The Bucks face the Atlanta Hawks here in Wisconsin tonight at 8 p.m. Go, Bucks!
All this Polo on iGot Horse POWER ' llsss
At Buffalo Wild Wings! Believe it or not!
WOO!!!!!!! hahahah! and they dont have twitters.... #losers!
Ans: Yellowstone National Park was established in 1872 under President Ulysses S. Grant.
T.v. i meant
My pleasure! Hoping that now the semester has ended, I'll be able to make #futrchat sessions this summer.
I loved Garret's glasses!
I enjoyed your piece in I can't even imagine writing something about my father passing.
ha yeah I saw the ad in the magazine. Wish we could jump on one of those shows. U guys crush it down here
and "Jesse" <3333
i've been stuck at 294 followers -_- i gain some but then loose others!! FTW
Yeah, everyone is retired for the night, Celtics just took my wind out. I'll see you at 830 breakfast
Twitter trouble oh brother...oh wait...
good night! thanks for coming and being the badass that you are
Rangers game commentary - haha! RT Thats a mexican play right there. #notracist they are mexican!
Thanks for listening!
Time for some horror movies!!! Or maybe just watchin the latest Bones and Glee... Either way... :P
Just started a fire with just a spark and "off" bug spray.
Doing some homework and studying for my Midterm tomorrow.
Just a friendly reminder that all Facebook apps will need secure access starting tomorrow.
Escape to show this weekend & see , & perform live on Virtual Opry Stage. Doors at 4:30PM
Hey Sweet!
Don't have cable so can't watch the game. But judging from the box score, the Flyers decided to rest their players tonight. All of them.
Lol omg carlee n Thomas all over my TL hella flirting n sht. Like damn !
We can absolutely get it trending! How about #S&AWedWknd? you down with our hashtag?
If it ain't food channel it ain't worth watching.
I'm known for taking what I deserve, and you're overdue
#fridayreads (audio) April Lady by Georgette Heyer (a love story between people already married to each other!)
Read it
Meek mills 2chain coldest rappers
I'm mad this Lucas kid was lighting us up. Someone needs to put a bounty on him lol
Having a Superbowl party? We have football sugar cookies and NY Giant and New England Patriot cupcakes! Place your orders early!
I love New Orleans and love what you are doing!
Howard Homecoming KickOff Party 911 F. St NW DC LADIES 21+=FREE B4 12 "KATIE'S List" TXT names of u & ur guests to: 7034073810
Christian Louboutin to Launch Beauty Line in 2013!!!
gah! had to make a new twitter cuhss i forgot my oldd login! hehe oops ;o but im back! ;D
I only don't like one song: Synthesia or w/e lol. Makes me feel like I'm on acid. How u been?
Glad to be back in kc. Now gotta figure out where to live. Any ideas?
Come Check out Joe Cheeta's Game Show at Jumper's Junction tonight in Washington, PA tonight 11-3-11 from 7-pm.
Fun chatting, glad to know you + thanks for coming up for the event! cc
Finally cleaned out my old fs...now i gotta wait for a ride home
Are you planning to drop an Album or a Song? We make sure that all leaks disappear and we keep monitoring your work for potential violations
yes most def (:
is retweeting people so I thought I'd tweet them. #tweet Go check their music out!
I work so much better on desktops, I think I'm just going to get me a iMac eventually.
I sent that email
I'm cracking up at your use of <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
"would you buy a drone / to walk your kid / to school" = clearly middle-period radiohead lyrics
..you are missed
I am Steve O
I wish there was a Spus game to go to today, oh well! :-(
AUSTIN GETS HIS BRACES OFF TODAY!!!!! I'm on that "proud mother" status right now. :')
NEW: 10" Laptops also available for ease of Medical Professional’s bedside/office charting. See web-site for details.
on MY WAY MS <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
based on women's physical capabilities.
what's your paper on. Give me a question
Why people sit behind homeplate and act like a jackass!!
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
hahah yeahh your so funny..... no wait i was only laughing at your face... yeah FUCK YOU
7 am waking up in the morning gotta hit snooze so I can go back to sleep
Up late doing work!
Day two of Winter Film Awards~the party continues at Skyroom, happening right now!!
FF Tactics: War of the Lions
Aw rats!! If anything bad happens here in the past due to the 13th, I'll be sure to let you know.
It's 1:30 and ur still txting me...I'm not answering
Thanks! Aloha from L.A. :)
In the garage?
Never rent to family!
And some guy sniffing his new dictionary....#Buffalo you amaze me daily.
its gne be hard for you to get up at 9 every morning... Cus you gone over sleep
we don't cop pleas in the street... i cop pleas w/ the judicial system... cudnt let them crackers play w/ my life...
Sewing my dress for tomorrow
Does the word #innovation mean anything anymore? Seems like people just add it to any sentence when they need a hip, positive descriptor.
Wait, did really tweet that? So very much dumber than advertised.
I'll shave my pubes bare if Tiger when this somehow...
Come & Enjoy Our Great New & Healthy Himalayan Lunch Menu @ Only $6.95!
I love you besides Jamie Laou <3
Oh my god I can actually feel the overheating that's gonna take place tomorrow
So happy to be in Augusta GA.!!! With my babe face
pretty sure i've had fever all day today. it's doing something to my brain.
Way to go bruins and mavs!
Thanks for the follow TedXPQ. Would love to present some day. Can share past present. vidz as examples. Excited 4 oct event
The average human will eat one pound of insects in their lifetime
RT Thanks for taking a needed step to reduce overuse of #antibiotics in food animals, more work remains.
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY! DOUBLE POINTS from 8-11PM! Designing Women, Golden Girls & Will and Grace on the Big Screen Tonight! Giddy UP!
Thanks - Zoe Barofsky has organized a team of librarians to support the students' eventual course projects
OMG TWITTER. Tough Love is back on VH1? Why didn't anyone tell me?!?!?!
The best way to end my birthday is new episode of walking dead
how did that convo go before social media existed?
hey its me mary, please follow me back celene. =)
Destressing at home. So nice!
my pleasure. I enjoyed your article. Definitely a topic ppl should think more about
What a good deal then a holiday package that cost $75 for only $40!
As a person who's in an interracial (once illegal) marriage, am very proud of
learn to laugh at yourself when you do something ridiculously embarrassing. Life's too short not to.
hey are we still getting pay videos?
got some inspiration from riding on the bus.
YOU'RE A JERK! D': #MyManCrushJustDeniedMe "And don't even say I know cause thats like the stupidest comeback ever"
would love to speak to anyone at nationally or regionally about why my client just called me in tears. Suggestions?
@ ~ Belated "Happy New Year's" to you both. May this year shower you with a bounty of blessings and fun surprises!
Since 2002, the Ravens have not scored a meaningful TD against the Colts. 8 straight games - losses. and yet, Ed Reed ...
why ": It's #WeaveWednesday & #Stars4Trayvon Day! Please join The Family of Trayvon Martin
You can park your airplane in your garage! The Terrafugia Transition can be flown as an airplane or driven as a car. Wings fold in seconds!
RT : Indie brands run by cool people @
Thank you for the mention! Nice to meet you on Twitter!
For school we have to do this essay contest which sucks but it's gonna be entered to win a hundred dollars so I'm actually gonna try. (:
Still going. My current distance is 1.77 miles. Current song is Wherever I May Roam - Metallica
The mean streets of Manila have met their match. isn't packing heat. She's packing wind.
.' question to orgs: How big can your social customer service team get before you fix the root problems?
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. We the best
Now isn't that something!?
Private party later. Helping Val with videos and pics! Press pass! Yupp!
Just sent a direct message.
Thanks for the RT's!
WHY DOES JONNY KEEP SAYING SWAG? PLEASE. STOP.
Spilled an entire glass of red wine on someone else's carpet. Dear baby Jesus, please help me get it out - let's have a Christmas miracle.
I was checked out on #trueblood after last season, but came back b/c it was summer and I was bored. It has been quite awesome.
I just started a new Facebook page. I plan to populate it with ideas and conversations about change. I'd appreciate it if you'd visit it an…
Hear your candidates for ASUP Exec. Board 11-12 tonight in Mago Hunt @ 8pm! Door prizes worth $25 and food!
Ran out of conditioner.. can't help but think of
Friends, Romans, Countrymen, Lend Me Your Ears! William Shakespeare died on this day in 1616 at the age of 52.
I want to thank the people from the #CIA for having me down today. I had a great time //
If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it
Nano technology on a nano budget: just need a roll of scotch tape and voila, Nobel Prize!
We weren't going to say anything, but since YOU mention it...
lol seems too easy.
so ready to go home...in need of family time bad :(
I shall observe the oil problem this evening after America Has Got Talent.
I hope that we can beat them to it, not literally, but figuratively, I think that you know what I meant.
I can't get past "A Feast for Crows"- I don't care about the prophet.
I learn a lot from the TV. I don’t understand the “bad” economy. Why doesn’t the economy do like me and try to be good?
can u plezz follow me and give me a shout out :) i luv ur tweets <3
people like you deserve so much more than what you're getting. ya'll deserve nothing more than a very happy life. it'll come someday:) <3
RT : Happy soon-to-be mother’s day. We’re reminiscing about story time. What’s your favorite memory of #readingwithmom?
Thanks for the plug!
Don't have a pet? We now offer House Sitting! Need someone to watch your house while you are away? Visit www.lepooch.net for more info!
You are perfection.
CHECK OUT THE BOOM BOOM ROOM! www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com
Fwd: I missed u..
No kidding! So sad, but all good things must come to an end right?
Is that what Nathan did? Lol
First "professional" tweet. Oh goodness.
thank you for following us!
#BGE customer service was really nice! I like when cust serv doesn't hassle you.
Can we just fast forward to this time next week for the start of 'What Would Jage Do' time?
Are we EVER going to see Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie? If we can bring the series back to #90sareAllThat why not, amirite?
BUT I might give away a slightly damaged signed ATL poster from the DW tour.
U gotta look at me when u givin me head baby.that way I know ur not thinkin bout ur husband....
Fill in the blank: The key to keeping a New Year’s resolution is ______.
Unsubscribe please.
Welcome to Tuesday..
oh wow..that *is* a long journey.
Users who #google for #comcast.net or other websites. Hilariously depressing.
from Bob in Md - you need to go to Monty's in Lakewood Ranch baybeee!
yes i will. its not fair.
I saw this lady at Walmart wearing a shirt that said UNDERWEAR on the back of her shirt.... Huh???
pretty good, wbu?
Looking to diet? Try a foot detox before you start www.mosthelpfulhour.com
has Herman's Head been mentioned yet?
moment to moment choices to accept balance in life; to be mindful; to practice centering
YES! Thank you! I'm co-signing your Stop Breathing Into The Mic, Mike Lombardi bill.
I got this drank in my cup....coffee that is
did u meet victor cruz in pk last night??
The state of Ky will offically close in about an hour and a half.
Gym time (y)
Im stuck wit the man in the mirror!”)
I like the part where advice is given on getting away with exposing partial buttocks in Whatcom County!
Irish Special was my nickname at Indiana
4 males pushed me out of the way so they could grab the last seat on the metro...chivalry goes out the door
tell Clark I said haaiiii ~
Book read, now just need to write last book review of the year. Rev'd 8 books in the last year--might take a little break after this.
Busy day at the #Fishers Barbershop!
Thanks You'll have to plan a trip up. If only there was #highspeedrail CHI to MPLS!
Clinicians not far behind....many are looking to the example set by in area of wgs
tell me about it, we just bought 15 of them!
did he just say 'craig's list dancers'?
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithSwag The Swag Games.
That sucks. You gotta see The Avengers ASAP though.
Without humor, life is boring. Without love, life is hopeless. Without courage, life is hard.
Like Bonnie and Clyde, just you and me from now on... (8).
Just held the Lange book at my library per your recommendation. (the boy in overalls sealed it).
"Enter to win dinner with Barack" Has it really come to this?
If you prefer humorous questions please feel free to join the Facebook Discussions with "Been There, Done That!,
Im afraid that once austin gets there and stays for the 3 months that he is gonna end up staying there for like a year. Omg i would cry.
In reality, cap was an artificial limit on one of the most successful redevelopment areas in the state - the US for that matter
Creativity is the product of time wasted-Einstien paraphrased by
Happy First Day of Spring, followers! What are you looking forward to doing most this season?
Keep changing the world one day at a time YaY
Houston, we have a conference: follow and use hashtag #TXLA12 to monitor the hilarious escapades. My TLA schedule, next tweet....
75% off all poker products!! www.eproducts4less.biz
:) sounds good to me! I invent celebrations to justify those trips for just myself ha!
Ha! Thanks! And yes, I "heard" you loving it. It was quite distinct.
Idk but everyone's talking about #kony2012 don't even know who he is
I got one if you need him
Sweaty uh
That's really well said. Thanks for passing it on. Did you move already or still in CO?
Free till 1!
Anyone who follows my blog on an RSS feed should remove it. I deleted that blog months ago and it's been taken over by a spambot.
The great-great-great-grandnephew of Napoleon, Jean-Christophe, works at Morgan Stanley. Theres not a huge diff between Napoleon and MS.
I literally just unfollowed you earlier (just for being a general DB) but after that now I have to follow you again.
(obvs Villarreal, but don't know why I typed B.. )
I don't think other towns have anything like #ronroberts or Heidi...
too bad I'm better at hunting than you
Saw Hochata made with brown rice at the store the other day. Now we know u can use brn rice!
RT : Have found Donald Trump’s birth certificate. He was born in HI, but before it was a state. this is getting complicated.
Nice shot! I love Instagram.
April fools! Follow me love? :)
--le cries because im not from LA & wasnt invited to the listening party for Paradise--
If Richardson had kicked the shit out that sick high school girl instead of taken her to the prom, Jim Brown would have him #1 on his board
“I have two acting styles: with and without a horse.” - Robert Mitchum
Tip -- read your lease so you don't sign a new one and consequently have 2 apartments for 3 months
Loving my new iPad. New screen is a good enough reason for me to upgrade
Lol!! Invite me over when he does. ;)
Hello wind! What a nice fall day #no winter?
Tired as fuckkkkkk ,
Yeah #Assad will not continue...wish he'd give up sooner than later
DANIEL I HAD TO DELETE MY PERSONAL ACCOUNT :'(I share this account with others.U better follow back fool -kenn
that sounds like such a healthy and delightful dinner :p
lol it's fine haha I love it !!
yeah, but can jet packs pull nails out of wood? just sayin.
Heading to CrossFit to put work in! I've been away for 4 days! Hopefully I don't lose it out there today! Ha! Pray for me!
Good! I'm so proud :)
GOP has no credibility on foreign policy b/c Bush/Iraq, no credibility on economy b/c Bush/Crash. No one cares what they say.
Do you ever purchase untested edibles? Why or why not?
RT : Anyone who tweets anything UFB-related this week, use the #ufbfourparties hashtag!
I just ate so much
I've been a bad tweeter. I have not tweeted anything for 5mo. I need to be punished.
hey girl what's the word on the street for tonite
basketball knowledge is severely lacking
Thank god Garrett doesn't have a timeout.
Snowflake 5K at Shelby Bottoms will be complete with Santa and gigantic bling winner medals!
no sleep last night....our little man had a rough go. Coffee coffee coffee Off to finish my resume and start on some apps
don't be getting a morning DWI on a scooter!
If your dog is not cool w/other dogs, please don't take them to the dog park. If my 80lb bulldog can behave himself, so can your lil' brat!
sorry, that was me
Mongoose Sunday? Maybe.
Today I saw a 7th grader that had more makeup on than some people that go to high school. That's just wrong
oh really?! That's cool I wanna read it when u done!
why do you, a girl, own Old Spice? Do u bring homeless men in and scrub'em up?
Thank you for the free test! Free is always good.
this is what we do
Laundry day... LMN here I come
2 more week till the #MPP opens and i can get myself a tan.
due to the special material it's made from! But idk about all that I'd rather a bulky phone n it may be a phony
Ugh I hate spell check Fanny Pak
Tangent: Kevin Love is disgusting and of course gets zero recognition. should have a Love Index, not Heat Index.
PRETTY!! Nicely done. Who installed it?
Baby we can leave, my heart is the key.
if they keep that up they have a big future in baseball.
#CoreyWade was just in the #Yankees pen. Maybe he's coming in for the #Orioles 8th w/ a 2 run lead.
AdamNovasry nope but I knew it was wrong :)
E. That moment where you know you're grammar school friend is flirting with you >_<
#JoshHamilton is a beast
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Day 47 of 100: I am thankful for learning how to change my mind.
Just because I'm listening to Tom Waits doesn't mean I want country ads.
#hotcop is a HUGE understatement. Will have to get you in front of my camera when in LA later this year :)
"My competitors are not adversaries - they are helpers. The help me push past my limits." ~ Victor Plata
Having a ball with & Derek!!!
I agree. I love his comments. Can't wait to find out what happened.
A mi no me vengas con jueguitos de novela...
Hey i know u will see or hear about this so stfu and stay away from me and my friends thanks BYE b!
Drinking a Miller Lite by Miller Brewing Company.
#IfIDieTomorrow I wanna thank everyone who has come into my life and STAYED :) I'll always have a spot in my heart for all y'all
Support our local community health centers. Follow for live tweeting of tonight's #saveCHCs vigil.
Hey friends! How are you all today? Got any plans for the weekend? Oh and if you #FF us then we'll #FF you back! :)
I Nvr say SMH but I totally am to that.
RT Only compete with yourself.
Cherry, you were working it out! Love watching you jam to Tribal Energy Cardio~Have an awesome week.
Vincent is always having fun, I swear.
About to go watch Les Miserables!! Soo excited!!!!
I'd love to! Wed I work at noon, but am free prior, & Fri I'm off, so i'm 100% free. Let me know what's best for you two!
try to forget that show actually happened...that and the Magic Hour
OkCupid men who live in Woodbridge, stop bothering to me to have a drink...I do not want to go to there.
a little girl jus came up to me and said THANK U 4SERVING OUR COUNTRY.i said UR WELCOME SWEETHEART
RT is being featured on Living Social today. 1/2 price Pedicure
“: Sad... No chicks dj'in. PER USUAL bro'z b4 ho'z” DJ Ivy June 14th!
trains planes and automobiles ! How are you?
#CuBoulder is up about %300 since I was a student there
thank god your black!
I do know that, and I might need u to send me your address. (Wink, Wink)
“: : when I was really young someone told me Biggie died cos he ate too much fast food &got stuck in a car” das Fuckd up LOL
today feels good..i swear to god if someone messes it up..
won't eat my cereal cause it's "too healthy" & we only have skim milk...lol
Which is exactly why she wont pick him RT Ames, you have a Hallmark card personality.
just listened to "you" on your soundcloud. Very impressive, good job. Sincerely
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
yep ran into another one of his love children at a bar and i was all like What in the Wide World of McRichardWhitman
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in the united states. In case I'm not there, I go to work.
Music wine food awesome
AWESOME name!! following you now:)
Curious to check out Will ppl really watch full video ads looking for floating # codes that yield coupons and payoffs?
Good game, Texas! You'll get the next one. We believe in you!
Who! I'm watching Leno. I wish he would reach through my TV and slap my hand.
Yup! I think its about that time
RT “: Special campaign shout out to and Much love and many thanks.”
Strive for progress, not perfection.
be on your best behavior. Cause I won't be.
“We never change until the pain becomes greater than the fear of change." Via // Thoughts?
Some folks live in mediocrity because they are afraid of success.
PEOPLE PLEASE FOLLOW PLEASE HE HAS TO GET ALPT O FOLLOWERS TO B A TWITTER STAR!!
we're still busy murdering the higher power that stopped us from hitting up your area. we'll be painting your town red soon
i will enter you contest for ariana grande
Shaken baby syndrome is a severe form of child abuse caused by violently shaking an infant or young child
i had a dream that devin broke my ride playing my drums and didnt tell me untill the show started. SWEET. -skylar
Yet another reason I like you. Fiona Apple was a favorite during my depressed law school years. Need to hear new stuff.
Check your arch photog contract- ours won't even allow consultants to use without consent (& more $$!).
It's not that I dislike Pinterest, it's that the legal considerations give me a massive headache.
Pura Vida - nice article! It's a beautiful country - it just has become a bit too commercial over the years for my taste
Going to the library on a Saturday on Cinco de Mayo should be illegal.
Nobody notices mikayla ? #SADTWEET! I just sit in the corner all ALONE like ohh, look a penny. :/ & listen to 's music. <3
Im not adope house u cant trap me muffucka
Calling it quits for the day. Site is almost there. 4 major pages to go, 4 periphery. I can get that finished by Tues, right?
That is the Wisconsin Curse.
It's really weird reading the revised version of Stephen King's "The Gunslinger." It's like reading a brand new book. He added a LOT.
I'm glad cats aren't taking the full 10 minutes this year...I need need to fast forward to pick 22!
LOTS of new updates on our site including information about our June tournament & Training Camp! Make sure to stop by & check it out!...
"yelling at black people on twitter" isn't a job, bro.
Blocked from a philosophy channel on YouTube. The worst I ever did was suggest the maker of the videos sounded like a cult leader. Heh.
I swear it smells like burgers in here...dang you Stack'd and your delicious grilled hamburgers wafting into the HVAC!
If what they tell me suits my body, great
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW HE'S AWESOME SEXUAL !!!
I Still Remember When I First Saw Her …She Was In The Line Up… I Was The Witness…
I cannot wait to see Disney's Brave!
#BullsNation it's game day!
That last bloody mary was extra virgin... It was just a tomato. I may have wandered down to the farmers market.
“I started researching [inbound marketing] and got all of my information from HubSpot
There's just one life to live, and there's no time to waste.
Oh time change. I feel you. Waking up to shoot w/
RT : Teargas in our house, in my children's lungs
Also, if any of you who have a lot of followers could maybe get people to follow us that would be awesome. I feel lame having 28 followers
haha ill let him know
ya I don't club much myself either. Every now and then I do.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste- MLK
that only means one thing to me!!! Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia..,
So, now every tweet I see from , I will read in his voice. OMG best follow idea EVER!
the mohawks the mohawks they're still out there in the woods
“: Just booked what might be the last friend bachelor party of my career. Jan 13-15, get ready, Scottsdale, Arizona.” invited?
all are good in the phillies rotation. But we got good hitters
no body is jealous, its an opinion coming from another mahomie.
Key to m learning development. Create the smallest possible modules. With minimized interactivity.
I almost think the Astros need to turn heel to sell the rivalry.
Oh no!! That is you that has this unfollow thing. Good to hear from you again.
thanks. I did. Perfect night for four miles.
Cookies = Awesomeness! Ha Is that a word?!?! ; )
the MAGIC IS CLICKING...just listen close..K?
About to watch Obama's speech on KOIN! You should tune in!
Just left Rick's Cafe in Casablanca, Morocco. Here's looking at you kid.
Do you want to know how to get the "real" inside details about a home,including the taxes,how much the owner bought it for,etc. 702-245-7227
I'll be on pottermore while all of you are at school
the same thing happened for Arcade Fire last year. This is not surprising.
let's do it up haha shots shots shots!!!!.....
I know a few of the #BBNFam would like to see me on nerve pills during most games! Lol
Change of plans. House show. 2548 W. GIRARD AVE. Free beer, music, company. All are welcome. Text me if you have probs. 484-429-0149.
They just be grabbing my attention lol I mean Idk why though
Hey Chicago theatre peeps, follow , chicago talent extraordinaire!
cool! We see it tomorrow for another event. We should go back later and take the red heads!!
WTH is with the selective tweets coming through! I wanna talk with Alice Twitter!
When are you graduating!?
2 hourss!!! bro its 3.03am here in australia im njot waiting till 5 babe make it now <3 the sooner the better follow back xx
hahahaha!! I know he will! But it's his birthday so you need to give him something he likes! ;)
Amazing love, how can it be, that you my king would die for me? -Chris Tomlin
are you saying this is distinct from the 'extra chapters' which are in the apocrypha? (whih i've never read, btw....)
Running out of tolit paper<
idk what's good?
What hypocrites. Fucking whores.
Without awareness there is no apparent reason for change, without commitment there is little chance of it and without passion why bother!
De Graaf: Money is a factor in happiness -- up until about $75,000 for a family, Once basic needs are met, it plateaus.
lol well thats great then and nope been spelling it wrong all seaon
Just dropped my phone from the third floor. #thankyou otterbox.
Michael Jordan lost 2 games of H-O-R-S-E? find out to who here-www.ussportpspages.com
she likes too give rim jobs.
Jeremy changed his name xP
Just finished watching Exit Through the Gift Shop. Best documentary I've seen since This is Spinal Tap.
I wish!! My kids don't want to go and neither does the husband. I'm cast adrift. (rim shot)
The african ego am voting 4 ur song i like what u ar doing m3n.
Based on its upfront "talking points," it looks like recent ABC entries GCB and Don't Trust the B____ in Apartment 23 could be back.
#erl12 cost per use compared within a single package so costs look really high
FACT: #Medicaid offers essential health coverage for nearly 60 million of the most vulnerable Americans—half of them children.
#Isupport the lowering of morals on fridays at fuck-O-clock
Reverend Charlie Cox is backstage watching Steen. He mentions that Steen appears to be going a little rogue on the Sons of Anarchy.
All my exes live in Texas.
See You at Heard Em Say Final qualifier slam!
I need food. pronto.
I like that Slayer's singer called out Metallica for trying to be cool. Too many bands get away with below average music these days.
“: Christians how long are we going to forsake our holiness for the sake of entertainment?”
new house and new guitar
Paczki or king cake? My hubby got the baby in our king cake... lame!
Spent a year with no head, not a care in the world, I felt fine
you are so dramatic.
Pretty good. No matter what though, God is good and He's always for me. :-) Have an inspired day today and be blessed.
A dog almost bit my hand off for a piece of popcorn
A lot of sun and fun
Pastel. Pastel everywhere.
I've forgotten how much work marcom can be. For those who follow you know its my most favorite topic :-(
Just joined.
great meal in lil' Italy. Hope your workshop went well.
Bro hell of a night ;)
Knees: stiff knee pain when bending and straightening
Hello, Friday! Time to do some of the stuff I want to do. What will you all be doing with your weekend?
Getting organized love It.
should bring out the new season of good vibes and bring back the show skins
album releases 7 days before my birthday....
I guess I just don't understand why so many old men care about what I do with my uterus this year.
U should realize by now that I'm not going to express my feeling about what MJ said. So naturally I will turn the convo away
Don't say that! I though for sure a World Series without snow this year.
Is there whiskey in a Manhattan? Of course there is, and they are mighty tasty at Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St., Columbus
Obama wins on Sanity
No Capi just broke the only picture i had of my dad! No!!
final round of atl style wars: "pimp my bride"
I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go.
Got first ever spam friend request on #Facebook today. CEO of the largest oil shipping business in the world wants to be pals.
Boy I'm finna download everything this nigga Ace Hood done made in the last 2 years, his shit be knockin now lol
Zechariah 7:10 "Do not oppress the widow or the fatherless, the alien or the poor. In your hearts do not think evil of eath other."
I just saw the Shake Weight episode of and I've never laughed so hard and been so shocked about TV before! I need to go work out.
Wendy WIlliams mention Natalie on her show. Sayin' she hasn't seen BAD GIRLS CLUB since Natalie Nunn. Big Fuck U to Annie, Kate, Amber.
#Reds up 2-0 and Lebron is going off!! Except for Rose goin down, it's a good sports day so far!
RT : Happy Almost Year New! Our hours are different for NYE, NY Day, and on the 2nd www.phoenixcoffee.com for details
yea I know..
Thanks for the RT: : LAVT offers accent mod services to those who wish to enhance their communication skills.
Fire dept. Does not have any details on the injuries, just saying they are minor.
you think i can perform when i come
Groove Friday at Zocalo
There is a wreck epidemic today, evidently...
Congratulations Giants! Hell of a
heeeyyyy I finally did the cover lol sorry for the delay I was supper busy ... Send me a tweet when ur online ;)
i hear you. been working since 9am--should be done here in about a half hour.
Gotta work and make some money during break. Good thing these kids love me. And I get a free membership to Lifetime.
i kno right... call herself tryna help somenone but slapping them in the back of the head callin them dumb -_- lol
We'll back you up on that! Congrats and good luck.
Seems like everyone at Leadercast is having a blast. It's always great to bring together so many talented people.
Love the hairdo. But U look like you should eat a sandwich. R U really at Norwescon? #jealous Pics, or it didn't happen.
Only if you tell me if you're a real panda RT May I ask, are you a real ginger.....
#ARIES happy Birthday
Hey, are we taking your best player?
what's shakin'?
Worked last night on "Silent Night," a short story in Four Mothers & Other Tales of Corbenic.
“: Then my homegirl Gabby and her older sister Monique got into a serious car accident and nearly died.. the scary part..
Everything God does he does in good timing!
looking for (preferably local) music we can use for chair massage sessions. no enya, panpipes, or cheesiness allowed.
good night sleep tight.
The pessimist complains about the wind; The optimist expects it to change; And the realist adjusts the sails.” Which one are you?
Al weekend. -.- Look at my picture I put on instagram!!
Oh hi there #windows character map, where the hell have you been all my life!
love this rain lol
My mom is letting me stay home. why? bcuz "it's Valentines Day".... whatever works! :)
Discussion of racial implications of Landrieu's appointment of Ronal Serpas as new NOPD police chief on WBOK now - 1230 AM.
Sitting here ; and Travis keeps kissing me. x)
Seated for THE CABIN IN THE WOODS. Really stoked about this one - I've been able to avoid almost everything about it.
Any time :)
what about luff?
follow back??
Within the first month of having HubSpot, we were able to get a return on our investment
you have like 8 more years of that.
RT Lol no more like saying "daddy" a million times n a min RT : I think jigga likes to talk lol haàa
I. Can't. Stop. Laughing.
bleacher bar
Another day on my great quest of acquiring a license. Paperwork still hasn't been processed.
Beautiful Ne-Yo. Just beautiful.
Peter Onuf does not endorse the death of colonial Virginians.
Make sure you plan for HotBox pizza Friday! Mention Indy Reads and help us receive some of the proceeds from your sale!
#TEAMNOSLEEP ! ? … kidding my mom will kick my a* ... night everybody...
Dear TV manufacturers please allow me to flip between 3 channels.
we had 4 contenders. 3 of them were hampered by either a bunch of small mistakes or a big mistake. 1 didn't fall into either.
haha..Yes, God willing, I should be done Spring 13!
Whose coming to see us with Enfold Darkness and May 18th?
Thanx had great chat w n
please do! Send a link.. Would love to see it!
Learn Chinese for the day: fire:<U+706B><U+707E>, push:<U+63A8>, moment:<U+65F6><U+523B>, quiet:<U+5B89><U+9759><U+7684>
Good. Invasion averted.
Excellent! I will let my parents know.
It was pretty awesome- this one was different though This crew refueled three B2 Bombers in Mid-Air- incredible experience
oh my gosh. that's NOT okay. at all.
well then come to me, I have two- mark and Jason :)
Conversation topics at work today: pooping in a computer, clowns, crazy people with trumpets.
Live life and have fun RT if you do
You're back in town!? :)
double d! Where have u been? :-(
5ft per week... 28ft...it's going to be several weeks. We also rate the shots with a complexity level based # of chars & what they do.
Update on Obamacare… employers are going to be more in control if the Supreme Court rejects the president’s health care plans.......
Glad you could make it!
We had no idea it is Lyme Disease Awareness Month - thx for spreading the word!
they prolly kant see tryina read off them cheap ass nokia ass phones lol
I wonder if the IRS would take this sack of cocaine for payment since I have no cash.
No backsies. Besides, we already spent the money on a sweet nitris tank coozy. It's got our logo on it and everything.
He won the WBC title when he was 20 years, 4 months and 22 days old, after defeating Trevor Berbick by a TKO in the second round
no way! I live in Chicago too!!!!
Hey it was nice meeting you yesterday and you totally have a twin in Chicago.
it's the best you should come. It's a smaller firework still great!!
Making little man a twitter c: he all adorable!
GOING TO MOVIES TO SEE THINK LIKE A MAN..THEY SHOULDA CALLED IT THINK LIKE A MAN BECAUSE WE CRY LIKE EMOTIONAL BITCHES BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
PickUpLine: Sit on my lap and we'll get things straight between us.
I just may get to sleep in my bed.
I got a tip for you...don't eat egg salad if you gonna be riding the bus...sucka!!! Mrs. Porter
I don't think #AnnaTorv could possibly be more gorgeous! The men look good too.
RICHMOND, VA. We'll be playing KINGDOM this Friday w/ Get your asses out to this show!
When You Have To Buy Another Pack Of Rellos Cause The Ones You Got Were Shitty AF <<<<<
Great workout & run!! Now its time to watch the tourney
You'll love it :P
hey sweetie how u doin?
climax is da shit ..and thats for the follows yall are thanked i just dont be on here as much
no she isn't coming in till later she said
Not my week .... I swear (I'm on that with everybody)
try I Understand by Sloan - Canada's premier powerpopsters
Speaking of our soon to be recalled State Senator, we just received our first shipment of Kapanke Hankies from Hanky Kapanke 2.0 HQ
We sure have! They love pumpkins : )
I didn't think it was possible but I think its making me love Excel even more now (I am Ruler of the Spreadsheets around here)
No it's not!
no angel voice can make rent sound good
I won't be mad if you choose me...
do you listen to the show?
Cats cleaning cats
Possibly. What hav U in mind? I am very busy. S
If I wasn't ugly I think I could be one of the top pussy getters in Miami.
How much time are you spending doing things you love? Is it enough? What needs to shift and change?
it was way better than the vow! And I was hypnotized by Zac <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Headed to #Vegas in a few hours!!!!!!
Creating animation for home pages
Glad to hear it, Maureen! Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : Just had the nicest cab driver ever! Thanks
awesome pic, beautiful blue sky, hopefully no photoshop edits.
first reaction - GOAL. second reaction - No
#mla12 #s305 response: apparent return to form in McEwan and Hollinghurst is more of staging of historical predicament.
Missing you Grammy.
Givingline, a "pay it forward" app to "ask for help and give help" nice pitch, I get it.
I am so behind on that shown. Think I've missed all of season 3 haha
Tuesday y Wednesday :0
Wake up. Write. Rinse. Repeat.
Lots of customers visiting for tiny presents to fit into Easter eggs today!
lol. Dangerously good
My workout varies too, stretching, weights. Best cardio being walked by 2 dogs! : )
my bias is Jonghyun....~^^ but I'm a Taemint too
Thanks for including us in your FF!
Transformed #CrystalCastles melody into #Blondie phrase into 2nd mov't material for my #Disney Princess Disasters piece.
I need to find intelligent life on another planet. Then build a rocketship
You fuck me like you was my girlfriend.
Can you guess how many cornea transplants take place in the US each year?
; the twins mama is fine tho. she all kinds of lusciousness.
What more can i do? I am still painting flowers for you...........
Almost certainly just the bit that mentioned him. But it was a good argument and even he'd agree Liz was totally right!
your right it is just a game. Its not like people make mistakes on purpose.
How are you Niall? (:
The Pantry announces resignation of CFO Bierley
#Dancing4thecure JUST IN!!! We added Holy Spirit Cheer Demo at 3:25pm to the schedule!
One of Zef's favs is now gone! RIP Amy Winehouse
You are aware my uncle is actually a police officer yes? What you're doing is serious Internet violation and you
you're not alone in that struggle!
Lord... give me the strength to not shoot myself before I finish this damn paper...
Newark's LGBT leaders take the Oath of Office as the inaugural members of the Commission on LGBTQ Affairs today 1pm City Hall Rm 215
oh yeah!!!! Guess what?!
As the best HR College list continues we finally add, Univ of Rhode Island, Univ of Wisconsin-Oshkosh and Univ of Tennessee. WOOWHO!!!!!
I hate having to refer to the Wii controller as the "Wii-mote". Sounds like I can't pronounce my R's.
Good morning everyone... Happy mothers day :-)
Russ Smith
Thanks for the follow Olivia, hope you had a great St. Patrick's Day, we are following back!
Just bought those greeting cards w/ postage already included. Did I get screwed?
wake up!
am glad transport made it on the list-annually it affects San Diegan's $ more then City pensions.
Do u have a real issue that makes u support a particular candidate? or do u just believe what your propaganda-network channel/site tells u?
Oh Tia! You were just on talking about your show. Btw, Cree is so beautiful!
thumbs up. I wish I was at a game instead of work events in Charlotte. Well, not entirely true. Just wanna be at the game.
rainy weather+pjs+youtube videos ALL day. #heck yeah
It's all good! Just a tad annoying haha. I'll have to change my password more often
I would think of something clever to say as a 4/20 tweet but I'm too high...... On life
I feel high, legit. I promise I'm not, though, lmfaoooo. DAMN. I have to get up in like, two-ish hours. FML.
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win a $25 gift card to :)
Niceville, Florida? Luke "Rage" James.will post up and the next thing you know,he's thowin'..his fists are like two sludge hammas'
HOUSES FOR SALE TAMPA BAY FL 2725 Dryer Avenue Largo Fl 33770 VIDEO TOUR / WEBSITE http4BrHouseWithPool.com
Workout mode
So excited about the song selection for services this Sunday!
I'm trying not to judge your skirt but it's hard.
bottles are flying. Someone go pick them up!
I'll trade ya.
oh ok
the weather is really helping my mood right now!
“: I am enriched by all points of view. #SpiritualSolutions”
Wow! Heck Yeah! I'm sure I can hook it up some how! Do you watch NFL? :)
how'd it go?
I'm forever sad! That was my boo boo! :(
gorgeous Jayne! When are we going to shoot !!?
next semester will be full of them. and next year, can you imagine?
text me omfg
im doing fine, you?
You bet, I definitely enjoyed it and found it useful. Well done!
&#39;Hotel Impossible&#39;: TV show host lists pet peeves
YES SIR
hello everyone have been quiet of late. Have been in the process of securing a site. The site is near haymarket and north station.
RT : It was tons of beautiful people tonight.
I want to make you someone I'd die for.
aw thank you very much :)
my mom doesn't either but I'm being careful (:
Bitch you're like home depot; 5 cents a screw.
let us know what u think :-))
FYI - Responses to our candidate questionnaire are IN! We'll be posting them to our website tomorrow!
Josh, you know the #Mariners could use an outfielder like you.. and you are going to be a free agent after all..
hell yeah. Only problem is car manufacturers can be profitable on $9500 cars alone. This is a GM recipe for disaster. Need SUVs.
that's a good marriage man.
Morning fans! :) i'll try putting the vid up today! PS-luis CHOREOGRAPHED it, created it, its not him or us dancing, its a quince dance
I miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
wen I Log in My Computer Crashes! Someone's hacking it or Spamming it.. idk an I cnt Get in to the Account!!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i think i'm outta songs! :P i'm gonna do some BME and D12 now
awesome time last night! Lets track down tix to #twtrcon today...
Thankful For This Day ; God Will Make A Way<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Wanna give a happy mothers day shout out to all the mothers I went to high school with
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW.. Weekend Special
i lost my taste . then it came back
I know!! I got into a fight with the basement stairs...the concrete won
California Clock Company's huge clocks celebrating their 80th anniversary. "Timeless Fun for Everyone"
So ready to leave!!!
The Bike Line Broadripple will be having a group ride this monday starting at 7pm. there will a couple different distances to choose from
Gotta go write, so I can get published some more :)
it's nice waking up to favorites from you
You know it's a sin for American Christians to criticize #Israeli policies that right? #careful ;)
Don't just watch tv direct tv
Hollie Has A HUGE Career Ahead Of Her! Love You (:
If you had to sum up the year 2011 in #pr and #sm in one word what would it be?
Samples are gone, but our awesomeness, raffle, and coupons are still available!
Those are the kids you HAVE to hit in the pit.
IM CONFUSED. Did The Already Perform This New Season...? Like, Just To Perform On #ABDC ..This Week,Last, WHEN?
I keep telling myself to be upbeat and it is not working.
is the kbs this years release?
hi bff!!
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. – Peter F. Drucker
Bye Pride and Prejudice :D
God is too good. I can't say it enough. My car was stolen last year. And, they found it today. Do you know I can drive it too?!! :)
Your daily life remains undisturbed with distance learning. Cafes, libraries, riversides are all your sites for pursuing the program
Brians24 ruby red vodka&grapefruit, frittata machaca, be nice or go away rocks SAt am.
Cohen: The norm that violence that violence is a private matter has to change.
2 benedryl and 2 24 hour allergy pills I hope that's enough
Welp, his phone is off. Big no no ._.
It's a MAJOR day for #SpringFling Main Event Qualifying! The action begins @ 1pm with a $65 ME Qualifier where 10% make it into the Big One!
[promagentotuts.com] Get Rich By<br />Giving Stuff Away
what did he do? Aw poor papas u guys jumped him :(
post playground high-its just one guy. glad you are home safe! xoxoxo
I'm happy to hear that. I want to do a study on same-sex interracial couples!
Love your content - especially when it relates to education.
You are ridonk!
I remember when kids were taught manners & actually feared their parents
Darwin Barney (applause) Now kindly get him home.
Driving through Hollywood with the top down
": remember when i replaced my goalie with himself? #imfunny" you are a bipolar manager and i love it
My name is Ben and I support this message.
Just waking up! Enjoy your day everyone.
Trying to rush home to catch drag race!
Josh Chapman and Josh Norman. Eric Page in 5th.
Braun & Rodgers - just seeing the two names together makes me smile :-)
A 6am spin class on Thursdays is really only for the
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious, but what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
Hey Jenna thx for the follow:) checkout our music over on facebook and let us know what you think!
Way too many modafockas in Bowkers room
never thought I would walk away from a root canal with a smile...well half-smile, one side of my face is numb lol
#RaNdOM THouGhT#....So do jayers have they own club or is it every jayer for them self ???
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.
I'm fascinated by Rome's Jubilee Church using self-cleaning cement AND by a new report on Homebuildlife.com about Air-purifying textiles!
well said
Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney game-game starts at 2:00. #beer, #pizza &
The arsonist has oddly shaped feet.
did you kick his butt?
he begs to differ :)
I hate wen my feet not under the cover!
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but instead will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in...
Tuesdays at the castle!
groupon has a deal now for an African safari, $5000+
keep in touch...I'm good for a smile and laugh
hey what's your number
Q8 Biscuits and gravy, baby! Fresh homemade biscuits! Scrambled eggs and hash browns!
Yup Yup
LA rush hour sucks, but it beats being smushed up against some guy's hairy armpit in NYC subway rush.
Tast the dick girl
Off to Chicago tomorrow for the IHA Show on Sunday. If anyone else is going and would like to meet be sure to message me.
Watching fresh prince lol
My quilt is taking form, although I mistakenly made the backing the same size. Being taken up and now smaller than front. ARGH!
What a great combo of preachers in one weekend, this only happens
Special tweet out to my baby girl who turns 16 in the morning. Happy Birthday Maki!!
Everyone makes mistakes. A good goal is to learn, implement lessons, and make. . . new mistakes!
I got the link to #TrueBlood season 4 episode 1 three weekend before it airs! Oh yeah
#deartroy no one will ever forget you or the injustice you were shown.
hoes favorite line is my child looks just like him so he got to be the daddy!
Will the American citizens choose Conservatism or Liberalism this November?
Your professors invested in you- and deserve to hear about your future. They will continue to help, if you stay in touch.
How can twitter help a bootstrapping tech sw startup raise funding and get early adopters?
You the man. Go Packers, Go Longhorns, Superbowl XLV MVP baby. Cant wait for this season, GO PACK
By the by, does Monday always = hitting snooze at least once? I need some good wake up jams. #mashups maybe?
The Moment When: You start a new job, and you waiting on that first CHECK! Lol
cool glad to hear so your 4given 4 being MIA working been working on new stuff w/2 of our artists staying busy!
Smokin on Purp gone ease my Mind!
I am a huge proponent of storing crying babies with the luggage
Davis scored twice in five minutes for BWFC...
Mostly because your gorgeous.
shut the hell up:D love you baby<3
I hate for being blamed for shit I didn't do, but its all good now! Beer and vodka is going to get me through this night with my niggas! :)
iknow i literally havnt been on this account in months but follow <33333333333 GO GO GO GO
Meditation Mode
Every 10th person to RT wins 2 tickets. Visit Ward's House of Prime at Irish Fest this wkend! #WardsMIF 10 sets/winners
Zachary Quinto is the a true man...
Off to DC
I hate fricken makeup calls.. Cmon man
Oh man, I forgot about that tirade! Thanks for the laugh. RT : thanks man, I owe you an éclair!
Well How Do You Know I Can Go Unless You Ask Her!
Whas up NEW YORK CITY - I'M HEEEEERRRRREEEEE!!!!
we have snow here!!! It's winter for real now!
Also, why should the people of Kentucky get to vote on the citizenship rights of my daughter? Makes no sense.
If I have to get a new car bc mine was damaged in the storm, what should I get? Let's see what you think? FYI I do not do American made.
Thanks Greg
Worst things that can happen a day before the first game tomarrow! Roll off my bed Fall out a big tree Step on a tack -_-
My girlfriend left me after I broke her wheelchair. She'll soon come crawling back.
RT MAY 25TH WILL BE EPIC IN THE BX GALLERY LOUNGE WHEN HITS THE STAGE @ THE "ADIDAS" PARTY SUPPORT BX HIP-HOP
Ps. check into messages with spam links being sent from this account. I have been hijacked.
Hey Nate, can u plz follow me back, I deleted my other account and FB(u followed me and were friends w/ me) thx, luv ya! -Ashley
Nope, just bad credit and when I was 16, I got a ticket for running a stop sign.
Miami Heat staying at 4 Seasons in Georgetown while in Washington DC to play the Wizards
should I come visit you at black rose tonight after taco tuesday?
Is it just me or every time i watch parental control its the same doughebag boyfriend/girlfriend but different parents and kid :/
I have to fucking hope I am able to get 3 tickets, one for me and two for my friends. She comes here June 29th.
I'm weak: I bought both of Amazon's DOTW. FIREFLY and the Coen Brothers Collection on BD. now I have an extra FARGO to sell.
So #Paul is about an alien voiced by Seth Rogen? Thats like having #E.T. voiced by Michael J. Fox.
I wanna sleep not learn stats...
The kitchen has no cohesive decorating theme. Wood cabinets, white walls, aluminum appliances.
"We grow because we struggle, we learn and overcome." - R. C. Allen
I'm bummed the Pens are out but I can't stop watching.
thanks for the retweet. Be sure to click the link and like the page as well! Praying to reach a goal by the month's end.
It just really hurts knowing that you can just forget about us that easy :/
I love thick girls...I actually prefer my chicks like this
Thanks for the retweet!
yup you look good :)
Griffin is such a great person<3 i love her :)
I'm with you, Jim. I feel it more as an expat Colts fan living in the middle of Cowboy-land. Love Austin, not Dallas! Go blue.
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
The invisible unfolding of universal love follows a conscious loving presence.
chill boul, you liked the song though.
Money. RT So, why is it legal to camp out for a discount flat screen tv but not for economic justice?
Learning a foreign language open so many doors, thank you for posting this.
ok so is it an oxymoron to sing the dogbountyhunter theme while playing candyland? oh well watch out little colored peeps the dog is playing
Uprooting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Can't wait to see The Avengers! Captain America Told The Hulk SMASH!! love it! I'm such. Super hero Mark. I love helping people 2!
There you go Mr. !!! Quite a way to start the season 5 for 5 w/a homer. Great opener for the
“: it's a wonderful day. Thank GOD for the day. The Present”
that's a new kind of record which i'm not proud of
Everyone was excited for it too
time to go to 6 a.m. bikram hot yoga. wish me luck! first time back since beginning race & diff postdoc.
Congrats, we had a reporter down there, nice win
"she's overBEARing. Didn't mean it like that. Hahaha ohh don't use that one." love my grandmother
The initial report was wrong. He won his appeal!
Thank you for joining us tonight. Happy Valentine's Day!
If you're interested in the Zagat job, I can put you in touch with the editor. This temporary position is for experienced writers/editors.
It's whenever necessary and today wasn't one.
You would think Purdue could have faster computers.
Uncle Tom? Lol are you just expressing through stream of consciousness all that frustrates you @ the black community?
I hope to have those French guys on my 'cast next week! Will you be? Please?
The DOGS love you!!!!!
In line at Ford's Theater ... AKA tourist central. Need something that says DC on it? Stop here.
Yeah in the morning.. But aren't we going after we leave my place?
well here's around 2 AM and I can't sleep. ;/ how's the new year eve last night? ;D
Homework at 11:30 on the first day of the last week of the quarter. Yeah, there is a problem here.
For months you have berated me and called me names thru I've begged u to meet but u won't. Nothing more I can do.
Haha, nope! Cross ma heart
could i get a couple shoutouts?
how messed up are the ESPN power ranking. everybody knows OKC is number 1
i love you, you are my baby company
I heard that your #TXScotRiteAccessLux gift bag is on it's way!
Taking my mom to empty the porter potty on the boat for mother's day...for the record it was my bros idea! How did she get so lucky? :)
#FF so you don't die from being pregnant!!
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay Reading an old -fashioned hardcover book!
OK, OK. I'll plan on getting more into the #LNYHBT chatter. What's up guys?
How fitting Meta World Peace & the Lakers getting humiliated
Currently obsessed with Teavana. That place is great!
I wish you'd see these updates, so you could renew your D:Drive.
Agree. The LeBron to the Knicks/Nets hype is just noise/wishful thinking on the part of the New York media. Won't happen.
Hey , is it the 28th or 29th?
“ I just laughed at the thought of a rapper owning a cat.”
We were. All four of us. And we found some very interesting things under there.
See you there! I'm hooked on !
looking forward to your presentation!
Thx Jon Choi for becoming my blog's follower, rounding it's number to 300 and support my writing and the artists I write about.
...When You're Listening To A Song You Wish Was Longer, So You Don't Have To Keep Replaying It Over & Over Again
FOUND IT LOOOOOL
Clips doing good
Watching the #Braves and Beachy pitching. Kid looks good. Add a sinker and he'd be nasty. Just can't seem to finish hitters off.
Too dark :(
And 7 shots back after round 1! #AT&T National RT (WOW) #Tiger Woods divorce could cost him $750 million...thoughts?
For me, only the #tweetsmackleague let me add for the Sunday lineup. These are more long term until he sucks, or likely injured.
you at LAX?
Are you suggesting I'm a bad influence? Little old me?
michigan cabin weekend: kayak, grill, book, nap, look at lake, book, grill, nap, fire, popcorn, movie, to bed. Repeat.
"Could a greater miracle take place than for us to look through each other's eyes for an instant?"~Henry Davis Thoreau
live updates aren't working...do you have a score of the and LaCrosse game?
Got in safely!! Now relaxing before a shoot later today
N meet WEALTHY people doing awesome things not jus existing but LIVING
Just got my copy of MAKE in the mail, and you're on the cover! Congratulations! Great articles.
oh, that's me then! ;D
Today is not my day.
Well this is why I don't drink coffee at 7pm. Whoops.
Hello tweople!!! What's the bitnezz???
nope :( I'm hoping to get it back soon though!
Not true. You're stupid.RT : The fat girl sits alone while the thin girl is always surrounded by friends.
We're glad to do our part!
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen";..............
RT mad track! we're also active with reggaeton / dancehall y house productions and rap music: holla for b...
It's really weird that my phone connected to Starbucks wi-fi as the bus drove by. Uh… (I've never connected to their network on this phone.)
Good luck to all runners. Gorgeous day, much prettier views than original Marathon to Athens route!
Chief Almur Suri is providing an overview of how the Amazon forest must be protected and restored for indigenous people using mapping.
Wow didn't actually think you'd go through with it.
niggas dont REALLY feed into that, do they? im light skin & im rough as hell. and i know some soft dark skin people.
Very excited for an evening of Shackleton, "dynamic tableaux vivants," and puppetry at Arts Emerson!
Deb Howes interviewed by Kate Snow on NBC Nightly News on Google Art Project feature story!
Why is Charles Barkley dressed like a woman in the #weightwatchers commercial? LMFAO !!!
RT I'm just gunna stick to me. And that's the way it'll be
yup x)
like, I guess she didn't know who she was messing with...smfh...that girl deserves to have her ass kicked...
This week I'm reading The Leftovers by Tom Perotta, so so good.
Amazon's never given my dog treats. Not once.
3 of 4 primetime games to start...Steelers 2X's in 3 weeks and a trip to SD in between...ouch
Yeah that thing is nothing but a toy, I was ready to order 5.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
You didn't like the one I think you didn't like right?
Funny ass video with me and my friend comin soon. Just messin around no drugs or alcohol involved. Hard to believe once you see it!!! Lol
Just saw a dude with the classic "Mom" tatt on is arm.
The sun is shining so prettily! I can feel Spring. Happy Hump Day!!!
Yes!!!! RT : Yep! Watch out music city! Here I come! Haha! I think I might have some tix for you ;)
Ah, Red Saturday. The day when we all put leftover Thanksgiving cranberries on our breakfast cereal.
RT : What an inspiration you are! So happy for all your accomplishments....hope you win it all! Amen!
Being low on cash muny funds... Makes this guys diet go a lot easier!
Where is THE FOOD
Thanks, man—appreciate it. Glad you had fun at our demo day!
I have a happy husband since #UK won tonight. Me? I'm just ready for football season
I WAS planning on Cadets this summer, but now I don't think thats an option...life without guard is pretty much scary... :/
Listening to Dr Bridget Landry talk about the Dawn mission.
Whoever Haven't seen Da Clip for Ma FAV New Heart Attack Video go Watch Dat Jant ASAP!! Cause it's Da BEST. #BONG!!!
good night my beautiful angel :)
We have #Karaoke tonight at 10! Sing a song and get a FREE SHOT!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool dang it, I should've gone to bed sooner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Going to share this on my FB page Dayne. "hope" and "talk" are both killers of drive in my opinion
Puff, puff, pass.
Big Play Brad! The fake at Iowa last year and drawing the contact tonight, Nortmann has been huge in booking us two trips to Rose
thanks for the RT! Let me know when have a show/opening/event & I'll help get the word out :)
that's cause me, and dont like you....
Feeling the pain but in a fabulous mood! #VeryGoodDay :)
couldn't have said it any better myself :)
Yes...yes.. and a few birthdays =-)
Once we have completed the move from film and plastic, to the web and online TV, will we still have commercials? What do you think #Netflix?
i want to check getting contact high at a and Wiz concert.
RT for 60% off a week package of all access members picks today only!
What a great but rainy and cold day. Let's pray for some snow.
my bad for the earlier tweet. Should have considered your privacy before doing so. My sentiments are still the same. Removed.
we will improve! But can you imagine what it was like when students enrolled by phone just 10 yrs ago?(touchtone not smartphone)
Video 10 is up
Oh, please tell me you'll be out in Balto tonight!
Tired, bored, and school tomorrow<<<<<
I though Ellen was a BIG deal and had huge ratings. Her ratings are 3-million & Maury (who's the baby daddy) gets 3.2-million viewers? Ouch
Go with pink slippers, sometimes black stands out too much
Serve's found out today that its "Turn A Life Around" campaign is a finalist for the Silver Anvil Award.
Loving the weather lately
Enjoying your astro-insights, as always, Molly Most people don't realize we get zapped by incoming solar flare (CME) energy!
its all good though.... the freestyle was a monster though.....
It's an older movie but it's Heeeelarious I know you will like it :-)
Arena Tomorrow
Train in Vain. Always. RT : What are your karaoke songs?
was that Heat victory today more to your liking?
i hear ya.
!! live her
Looking for a romantic spot for to take your Valentine? Try Dobson's. We suggest you start with the mussel bisque under puff pastry.
Ordered a mcdouble from mcdonalds and they gave me a double breakfast sausage patty on a bun....
Thanks for the tip! you always have good ones.
Gonna go learn shit on the piano at Devon's. We got class.
I want to be a psychologist, but I kind of already am, because I know every reaction a human has to every situation now.
RT": Honesty is a expensive gift don't Accept it from cheap people"
and to your point: we need to change the conventional notion that black-on-black crime occurs more often that white-on-white.
awe yeah <3 love you guys :)
jamie is poking ass!
Bye.;D
WHERE CAN I BUY TRACKS?
Indeed!!!!!!!! I proceed to smoke weed!!Never Have I want, Never have I need!! Snoop
oh dont worry about me.. i'll just keep everything inside.
are you at tastee diner?
Just finished performing
can it be an old dog that was never replaced ? sniff sniff :(
Steel J of the EWHC dismisses appeal in Pineway Ltd. case concerning an application for pre-action disclosure: [2010] EWHC 1143 (Comm).
the only thing I'll be sorry about is that I was your friend and I wasn't put in your will.
I'm looking for a Java developer that has experience w/ eCommerce. Competitive pay and benefits. Locate right in center-city!! 267-765-6100
can't follow until 2morrow reached my limit.
Headache from hell:/
#Glad tommorow is gonna be Friday ;)
@ Starbucks enjoying a frapachino :b
A truly excellent TV series. A shame it is ending, but it was a great five year run.
thanks, should be a blast! Excited to support such an important cause that affects so many.
wow i need water that's to spicy
one of our players, got a goal from 60 meters out from the awkward angle, it was the most amazingest goal i had ever seen !
ANKASA Soho opens tomorrow at 11am! Stop by and see us at 424 Broome Street!
PLEASE STOP.
Sitting at home bored what can i do
Man, there are a LOT of bitchy, whiny, crying-like-a-baby #Vandy fans on twitter tonight. Sorry bitches...you'll never be UK!
My ears have not popped yet. I've tried yawning, blowing my nose and chewing gum.
lol where at i just washed mine
Thanks to everyone who made it to dinner tonight! We hope you had fun getting to know other grad students and catching up with old friends!
hey dude how are yu! hope all is well. im a fan of yours so i though id reach out.
Who is in the library and has a highlighter they are willing to lend?
merry all of them!
We don't officially know the facts that Das ruled on, sure, but he ruled independently based on whatever they were.
Find myself saying "it's not as funny as Step Brothers" a lot. The bar is set.
My only response to that tweet: KITTY!!! :D
28 degrees is a rude awakening!
thanks for following! Make sure you check out our Facebook page and download "Mess of Me" for free! = )
yes mam! you can vote once a day!
Three of each.
HAHA. Too funny. I stand corrected. I guess they are willing to edit the bible after all :).
Happy Holidays to all....Tell us your New Years plans??
Send all beats to
Riverside County Bd of Supes has subpoenaed a med pot dispensary owner and activist near #LakeElsinore to force him to shut down.
www.mikecurtisfootball.com/hof-campaign-fan-letter.html Go to link & support Mike Curtis for induction into the Pro-Football Hall Of Fame
Has wax museum gone too far with Anne Frank figure?
Btw major US banks oppose the same capital requirements. Why?
Agreed! Good times!
"problem is Stagnation in educational attainment is uniquely an American Phenomenon!" -MR
Just read all the book and can't wait to see the movie! Its going to be even cooler, now that your on the soundtrack!
I fell worthy of every kiss I laid upon you for in each of them went part of my heart.
Nice... thanks for the #FF!
Only 11 more to go! Get us to 600 "likes" and the new song will be posted! It's pretty awesome so tell a friend or two about us!!
I TOTALLY ROCKED TODAY.
my first #followfriday of the day - because she is hilarious. wish it was gin o'clock.
THe beautiful producer in U.S.A
On the way to Reagan airport at this crazy hour. Goodbye DC. It was a blast!
Where in #Altamonte is Wheat Berry Cafe? And what type of food is it?
When Dave let's you get subway for dinner cause he realizes we have no food >>
Miracle berries are the shit!
No problem, it happens. Anything good coming up on the right coast? I need an excuse to come get more crab cakes.
#OOMF is lookin real sexy tonight....
Did my 5, your turn please? <3
Remember it takes two ( or more ) to tango! Check out the sit!
Got through the 1. day of fasting. Made my own juices with lot of vegetables and little fruit. Thank god they are really tasty!
Can't stop the clock only willing to stop for love.
my dude!
Every time I stare at you, I wonder "Why would my best friend like you?" But I don't know, I'm no Sherlock Holmes.
Was I the only one that got a fence from Peter Warman? I'm flattered!
Do you like Caribou Coffee? Check out their Facebook page, they have a BOGO treat today only!
I KNOW JUST ABOUT EVERYONE IN #RVA GOT THEIR #TATTOOZ FROM SO SEE HIS CREATION #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE TONIGHT AT THE KINGDOM
Seriously? RT : Last wk! RT : Bill Daley tells ABC News that he resigned last week , as first reported by LAT
he looks like a giant Jayson Williams
wish ma wishes could come true!
RT : RT : More than 231 000 students received #Erasmus grants to study or train abroad in 2010-11 –a new record,...
USPTO Dir Kappos: AIA wouldn't have happened if universities and the tech sector hadn't come together as they did.
#1534 like your username!! :) say hi to your husband btw;) <U+2665>
May I recommend BOS? :)
omg i love!!
Don't wanna finish my script...#FUCKIT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Listened to two episodes tonight. Great recommendation. The recent one about lucid dreaming freaked me out a bit.
can you help us identify a compelling student/human interest story about diversity in the NY area? DM us for details!
I guess you lose some and win some , long as the outcome is income...
I hiked the negro Bill canyon last summer. It was awesome
it's between the small & large size LoL
How have you been Patti? Long time no talk!
Aw yeah. Grace and I are opting for a little hotel-motel-holiday-inn action.
Try my lady's (Anu Prestonia) salon Khamit Kinks - www.khamitkinks.com
15 minutes until show time. I am smushed in the crowd and beer less. Thank god for iPhone.
follow me on alik_rainey its a more safer account thank you
Three reasons: 1. Ike's married. 2. Flo's married. 3. It's all up to Mitch (Glazer :).
i wonder if vietnam watches abdc.. i doubt it. but anyway im gonna b in vietnam tomorrow !! - Dumbo
He's growing so fast <3
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 291
We can always ask! And I guess the long-term usefulness of smartphones > that of many textbooks.
If you say you sing it, you better BRING IT!
Oh my lord idk when the last time was that I took a nap that felt that good
I've been sick for 2 days:(
Dyed my hair, nails are done, eyebrows too. Tomorrow, makeup and hair again.
i m italian
Beauty come from being truthful, but the truth is not always beautiful.
My mom and I do yoga together for relaxation. Our dogs hang out with us too; we call their participation "doga," lol.
#YOLO you only live one .. until you get pregnant. then #YOYO. you on yo own. (in the voice)
Yeah trick, yeah trick, my #SpringBreak is thee issh ! Jusst ready to go back to school thhooo' ! Missing my Mainns!
New MBA student lounge taking shape! TV today, paint next week, carpet soon. Student mailboxes, refrigerator, microwave, comfy chairs/desks
Based jesus
Whenever we say "reservation for Pachino" the guy always double checks to see if Al Pacino is a member of our party.
Manning says he's thrown the most to
We're your pet odor specialists for Austin and Central Texas!
clean water, nice view...I'm smiling just b'cuz lol
Thanks for this. One more reason why folks should read the Terms of Use of what they post.
naw im just use to being up this time of morning, i sleep all day
And now I have the house to myself for a week. Empeza la fiesta!!
How'd it go this weekend at provincials?
Excited to volunteer this afternoon
whoa you took a picture with your ipod and the caption is "suck my dick". you're too cool.
Hell Yeah... we should meet up. We are taking a group of friends. Paul is coming too.
we see that...twitter borin (follow mE )
If not in NYC, it'd have to be south Florida...
More tickets coming up at 7:32 tonight! Listen to to win!
Game 7, peeps. We're pouring at $2 off starting at 7. Come early, nab a seat in front of the tube and carbo-load for the game.
RT : Chattanooga started planning their first fiber deployment 15 years ago. Vision and persistence brings success.
yur just bitter cuz I hav more followers than u!
If it WASN'T SO PATHETIC, CNN's ATTACKS on ROMNEY's "bullying" would be enough to CRACK YOU UP.Can U say desperate
JESUS LOVES US ALL. (even the atheists)
Oh my gosh I know.<3 I miss you :'( And by the way I'm dating that French guy >:} I told you he'll be mine hahah! How are you?
is bummed she didn't win tix from kane...i call shananagans!! day 1 of half marathon training starts today!!whoo
Myself RT : the struggle, the hustle..who you do it for ?
Drunk people remind me of Pee Wee Herman meets Michael Myers from Halloween
Not a legacy to be proud of.
we're about to break up into groups of 6-8 people. Randy is giving us "ground rules"
can't wait! :D
S/O to for nearly killing me today.<U+E41F>
How about top 10 ways new startups can do PR better with social media? wrap it up in a nice little package for them.
Awesome! RT : Congratulations to my beautiful perfect sister for getting into The EVMS Medical Masters Program!
I can't even look guys in the eye when they try to make moves on me... I swear all I want is you
Why we need to laugh: A keen sense of humor helps us to overlook the unbecoming, understand the unconventional.....
Hate to be so boring and talk about the weather but damn it's gorgeous outside. Maybe all the snow will melt. Almost there.
I think if a father figure i would hav ben rich by now...had to work at 14 to get dem j's and cloths i wuz rokin..but it made me a 24yr man
Hey :D Sorry I didn't get your message. I'm sick but I'll try to get on asap!
So my parents knows im bi but they makes it there mission to constantly down on the LGBT community. Just shut up already...
Hehe ... "they're #2 in the country"
Really excited that the NBA Playoffs are finally here!
you're freaking ADORABLE!
Today ends my fantasy team's (Ibaka Therefore I Am) 2 week battle with 's mighty Free Kevin Love. Split would be huge.
Some of my favorites. RT : The Grades of Wrath, Catch Her in the Classroom #edchat # litchat
Whosoever will let him come-Jesus said that..that means #GoToChurch! You my brother You my sister get there..God has something just 4 u!!
RT : Nike admits it's interested in moving into healthcare partnerships, stopping obesity, and gamified loyalty
Also, , and myself did not leave the hotel room until 5:30pm yesterday.
Happiness quite unshared can scarcely be called happiness; it has no taste.
The goal here is to take current movie titles and create mash-ups. Wanna post a visualization of the mash-ups? Go for it.
Or, white scholars just rip off scholars of color, think its & Bonilla-Silva's White Logic that names some...
I should. Waiting on last grade. Either way, I'm graduating tonight :)
If brand X's audience is that large, should it develop separate social media strategies for different target groups?
The ayphone has WAY too many volume settings. Ringer, music, alarm, headphones, etc. I'm an adult - one is fine.
You deserve it! You are welcome!(:
I've actually told a recruiter to count me out for a certain company, based on what I heard about the company culture/worklife
Golf in the morning, turkey feast in the afternoon, football all day, Charger blackout lifted, I'm thankful!
Don't you know a good cuddle buddy stimulates the mind?
After party for VMAs. Live celeb spotting. So far, at table with All American Rejects and next to Kelly Rowland.
Cason back in.
More business plan fun! According to KVR there are 2,217 software "instruments" in their database.
They might, but I CERTAINLY wouldn't. Are you already forgetting about my phobia?! :)
I really want to watch 10 Things I Hate About You now...
I'll clean your wounds tonight.<3
Sorry, #Deadline had the title wrong ;)
Really want to do a back packing trip through Europe in about a year
Why do you notice everyone in the world but me? :'/
Happy Easter everyone!
visit Antwerp - go to travel agency - enjoy the sun - eat McDo ... busy busy busy :)
Wow that was so funny brown sugar
Just saw a presentation of World War II it made me cry. I cant believe Mr. Nasser went through all of that this was a very nice experience.
Going with the #4 Kathmanblu and
- thanks! Girard is usually way under the radar….#solidchoice!
Oh boy, our new merch is coming in today! We'll have tanks (red and blue) and some crewnecks in TONS of sizes, get stoked!
How many of these Vikes' players who are at the Capitol today will still be on the Vikes' roster when the new stadium is ready?
not according to AT&T with iPhone.
I shook a monkey's hand today (:
My day has been incredibly entertaining today.. I even seen a old redneck woman with a cain cuss about another old woman while doin a jig.
the babies are with me now and I already had to set a no arguing on mother's day rule, so the tears seem laughable now!
awwh! what the hell did they do??
ok I'm on board.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co36 Dynamic IP PPTP/L2TP/SSTP server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
i have one big purse and lots of little ones
I apologize for retweeting everything he says, but is the truth.
Always -- I figured it'd be easier with a link :P
Never ending week!!
Great seeing you last night.
We are performing one of our songs on Balcony TV Nashville Today!!
Just because you know what I feel, doesn't mean you understand how it feels...
duh. of course.
Never show up to a dinner party empty-handed!
KimKardashian be my friend on face book.
Everyday. Story of my life.
federal employees make ~26% less than private sector employees, but Romney wants them to get a paycut or a pink slip: //huff.to/rVXMWp
I Hate Waking Up For School -.-
Thanks for the support! Hope to see you there!! :)
DON'T FORGET FRIDAY AFTERNOON CLUB TODAY! IT'S BEAUTIFUL OUT! COME ON DOWN FROM 3-5 FOR FREE BEER AND PIZZA!
this hasn't been discussed at all yet.
yes, I love it here! live with talented musicians and music is everywhere down here :)
Do you know we keep all VSU yearbooks & catalogs? Come visit Lindsay-Montague & remember college memories, friends, & family!
DC-3 was made in the 30s, over 10,000 more were made during WWII as the C-47. One of the most famous planes ever :)
Slow morning, why am i awake? -.-
ayy ! What time is it someone lmaoo ..
#KennedyCenter Honors tribute. So good! So good! Congrats!
did you guys have to evac?
I mean, scripture talks abt faith the size of a mustard seed... :-)
You will never see life so clearly as when you learn to look at life through the eyes of others, and not just your own.
thanks for retweeting us and helping to spread the word about BrewCityBites!
Using to track my sleep quality and hours of sleep. This is fun.
Oh what are you making! And I'm sure you'll look adorbs tomorrow!
so awesome! Hope you ladies are having a fabulous start to a great weekend!
#TheBestSocialMediaBootCampEvah roadshow is heading down to the #BigEasy in August, taking #Hashtag suggestions!
I hate that everything I cook turns out so friggin spicy!
Without health, there is no point. To anything.
Quick! Any D1 Football program with some bad news, now is the time to release it.
Hey #Madison, where are the freaking snow plows?!
If you have any questions I'd be glad to help :)
#northuis Like timeline approach. Very nice. Easy to understand. Other part has nice bal of space, images, and text.
sometimes my mother can be such a pain. -.-
I appreciate the follow...doneRT : Follow back
Being interviewed on KIPO 89.3FM's show The Conversation The Gemini Duo's July 30th Recital at Hawaii Public Radio www.hawaiipublicradio.org
risk taking can be so satisfying
GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN - Cyndi Lauper to be at GWU Lisner this Wednesday Evening
ever share an notebook with a client? that is what I am aiming for.
I remember that assignment. I still think our group had an idea that worth exploring.
M Frito pie at Baja Taco in my hometown!
Like us on Facebook, please.
everyone please follow my buddy > she is very helpful, sweet, and cool
<-- has dongs on the brain :-)
Join the world for Earth Hour 2011 by switching off your lights at 8.30 p.m. on Saturday, March 26
Something about Nike skate shoes that I love so much!
its ridiculous
What's on your agenda this week?
This made me laugh. Am I a big runner? I'm 6 foot, and a buck fiftey, so I'd say yes. Mostly I love the way the wind feels to music
<------ i a following that person already
I ain't sayin' she's a Gold Digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke nigga's
hey where you at? I'm at a table full of ladies & dudes in front of the brew kettle. Love to meetcha!
RT : Cville folks: Please turn off lights & conserve power so it can be rerouted to the hospital. UVa email down. (via )
Read about you in Wired Magazine, followed you in Twitter, now have ordered the book. What marketing!
you can have her as long a s I get to eat the food.
glad you are digging it! Make sure to hunt down his mixtapes and listen to Groove Me by Maximum Balloon feat. TL
thanks for the mention.
haha I've always been a 'good' bad driver :)
Detective, during security orientation: "Here in Bal'more, you definitely need to keep your windows up and your doors locked."
Hitting the road for birthday weekend seeing in Asheville. Let's do this $h@!, Brian!
I'm a big fan of #Gruv on Broadway - sold a bunch there once and the payback was surprisingly high!
shades of Zeno: by the time you've caught up, things have moved on :-)
Let me take a stab at this one: vagina, cats, kittens, cat vaginas, murder, vagina, kitten spooning, sports. Am I close?
I know the feeling RT My phone is already running hot and #musesocial just started.
it amazing i love him he my bro
Apparently. Although I'm not sure I have ever finished work at 5, ever. :-)
and all I'm saying is that the trend to hate Yuni is far greater than how bad he actually was.
Thank you for #FF shouts
We're at Barnes and Noble (1939 Mount Zion Road Morrow, GA 30260) wrapping your gifts till 4!
We have a winner! Watch out for more trivia as we gear up for our Winter Festival.
I think he just needs reps. Really hadn't played OF regularly until last year.
Happy mother's day to all my good moms out there got nothing but love for ya
actually found the one thing I'm beating you at - tweet count.
same damn time!!!!!
I'm always a little shaky on the first day anyway. Maybe I just assumed it was me.
Agreed. RT It's Monday. Balls.
“: I hope my mom don't forget bout that tux.”senior prom or junior prom
sending you good wishes on the new album!
Felton only deserves 5-10 min. per game. #Blazers only hurting the future.
yeah u right, cool
if player left school due to paying time its on his development but if its something else it could of been his choice or ?
I'mma bout to start a list of joints I want you to feature on...
you wont be in the best mood for too long hunny (: watch
Ppl keep telling me my attitude sucks... *shrugs* OK! I will look into it, trust me I don't mean it.
My legs are so sore from Disney last night haha
That's what's up..let me know. Maybe I can sit in and learn a few things lol
no one can, it's the internet's version of crack.
Good day sunshine!!!
Public and private sector pay comparisons don't add up: Pay experts are right to dismiss like-for-like pay figur..
I feel like im on north woods law. There are moose everywhere it's ridiculous
don't forget to drink water.
I act like I don't really mind, but I really do.
Your obviously lying
What steps are you taking to boost your credit score?
well are you 14?
Yay! A librarian without her iPhone is like a fish out of water!
The Flyers being eliminated from the #NHL playoffs has morphed me into Balki Bartokomous. Now I am so happy, I do the Dance of Joy!
High school relationships are funny lol
Right! Hopefully they see this and consider it hahaha c:
I fuck her to the neighbors tell me turn it dwn but fuck the neighbors imma tell her turn around
hey baby <U+2665><U+2665>
Hey kangaroo. TFTF and have a great week!
What to do when the wallet says yes and the gut says no?
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for & other current shows here:
Congratulations to my favorite lecturer, on your beautiful & healthy baby boy!
& so I'm reduced to wearing my PE shorts. Fantastic.
I'm gonna be with tomorrow I can't friggin wait <U+E056>
If Soriano does nothing this year but fuck the #Cardinals over, I'll be happy.
I prefer Simon Rattle's to Karajan's. More transparent, less fussy, just as brilliant.
Eddie & Patricia kiss, so sweet:))
It's San Antonio "Alamo Allstars" day. Rehearsal @ noon, then performance @ 7p. More music, please!
Awww!!! That was so sweet!!! ;) That would be a hell of a gift!
thanks! You are the best in town!
That really is the BESTEST friend ever! Thanks for including us.
oh and consider yourself blocked!
is a hoe
I love reading Ripley's with my middle son and re-enacting some of the things that supposedly happened.
Injuries or not, the Knicks were overmatched in that series.
Big thanks to you all for a wonderful weekend!
Great #Sotu. Proud that is my president. fair shot, fair share, same set of rules for all.
We're at the #wired965 #phillybridalshow in cherry hill NJ! Stop by at table 42 and say hello to fairy Godmothers Laurie and Lisa Marie!
Preach! RT If Peggy can go to the movies when she's having a bad day at work, can we all?
Really cool spot, can't wait.
": lol umm hmm" Brandon just don't be a hater!!!
it removes the possibility of embarrassment. If they get rejected they can just pedal away...
heres to all the kids who cant wait to stay up late summer night!!(:
Check Out Robert Pattinson Doin' It With Everyone!
is there a train from yawkey to Natick after the red sox game tomorrow night?
Let's go Noles! First game of the season against Miami!
OOPS! That was suppose to be not FL
Tore a hole in my shirt, lost a button, what a mess I am today!!
I want some fish. Been wanting some since my dream about catching fish in a net 3 days ago.
Teacher's Workshop will include learning about using the news in your classroom and a great giveaways. message me if interested.
Hey jusin is christmas youre favorite holiday? Hope u have a wonderful christmas and a happy new years.
What the Beck? I will take it.
Just a reminder PB DAY at PETCO PARK is next Thursday. The Padres are playing the Dodgers. Call me if you would like dicounted tickets.
": If I talk on the phone with you I have interest in you"
Seems like i am always putting a car in the shop :/
yo really not in the mood right now just need my nicki minaj and quite cuz I want to fuck some shit up
I Like The Way U Sing U Have A Beautiful
oh, that can only mean one thing!!! I'll shy away from spoilers - we'll see it around the 13th!
follow me:)
love you miss you
thank you
Sound just like your father. Ha. RT : I like baseball but not when it kills my 2-1/2 Men
great tasting & good for you. Love it!!!
Practice time!!!!!!!
Really enjoying following the #CES Show! In particular I like the shower radio iPhone music player! Cool!
Here we go. Are you sure you want to be famous?
When the Lakers get swept will Lakers bandwagon fans finally shut the hell up? Sincerely,
this is an incredible documentation!
I know -- I hope they don't arrive dusty and gun-toting.
I think wednesday
RT : Record-low rates aren't creating rush at local mortgage firms: On March 6, the Federal Housing Administration sa......
QUICK CONCEPT: A gun is aimed at a pastor's forehead and he's extremely scared....kind of ironic don't you think?
making spaghetti with garlic bread and caeser salad.
Back. Now he just walked out screaming every curse word known to man.
Can't wait for some tonight!
Learn how to understand the budget process with our easy to read budget manual produced by bit.ly/rbjTZd
Boy what a week, my knee goes out. Get to wear a knee immobilization, and have to use crutches to walk. On light duty at work.
Their hawking more super bowl merch in front of grays papaya on 73 and Broadwy - then I saw in all of indy
Its my birthday and it would mean everything to me if wished me a happy birthday
I swear I could eat chicken all of the time..
Evan Longoria Injury: How you can replace him? | Fantasy Baseball ...
RT : On our Tumblr: Read about 's "major-league economic development," according to Crain's....
Where the hell is the mailman?!
<< "Thunder only happens when it's raining"
The Hunger Games is terrible! Don't waste your money..... Seriously bad movie. RT if you agree
yay! Let's meet up, record something?
Thanks for the follow Brett...and the consistently helpful articles. What was your Instrument of choice growing up?
": Josh Underwood is wonderful. Right? ri-e-t! "
In 2008, more than one-in-four people (27.7 percent) living in rented housing units lived in a different residence one year earlier.
track ended early :)
I like that Seth and it is about time that they woke up.
That must have been quite a sight to see and story to pass on.
Ready for the Heat game tonight!
What an incredibly bizarre series of dreams.
Pa. slot machine revenue up slightly in April - CBS News
Sorry I let you down! Had to sit thorough that crappy #Mizzou game and hit a couple of parties
Maybe it's a dry season for senior UX? Know of just a handful of opps here, but getting weird mixed messages when following up
And the website's back up and running. You may now resume your regularly scheduled activities.
I have my daughters with me at work, they're in my office wearing boxing gloves & they've just shut the door... this will turn out well.
oh we did ;-) we'll make it work next time.
Champions Forest and 1960.
Whooohuu road trip.
Up before the sun and out the door by 515. It's softball reason y'all.
Sick, At least I'm having a 4 day weekend!
My turtle is sleeping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Matthew Buzzell is a babe.
Older veterans who are coming into the system for the first time are a bigger problem than younger veterans
RT : How long R we going 2 allow BIG OIL (ExxonMobil #Montana) get away w/anything,from robbery 2 destorying our...
UW offense puts up 56 points (in regulation).... And loses by 11!
oh, and congratulations, you've ruined my childhood you monster
#chicultural2012 Chicago is about to have a creative arts expo (march 22 and 24th)
not really...I know all her secrets!!! LOL, JK :)))
There's a big storm in Los Angeles right now and we're having internet trouble, but a new "+EV" strip should be posted shortly!
I would like for someone to explain why I woke up at freakin' 4 oclock in the morning feeling just fine.
I considered it -- until I probed a little more to find out why I'm being asked ...
I love moat, too! Damn that touchscreen phone... gets me every time.
Snacking on samples at costco
Sad we missed the DC Food Fight tonight! =(
he better
But...I still haven't took you to an Allstar Weekend concert...Where Cameron will start cracking up on stage when he sees you...
Attending other conferences makes me realize how well organized & planned the STC Summit is. Looking forward to
#dailyfeedback Songs for The Pirates' Opening Day to kick off a good baseball season! Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Please tell me why y'all get in relationships wit good people then cheat on them?! Why not just stay single???
Only if I'm dumb enough to carry it with my fingers in the ... convenient... finger-sized ... ... shut up. :P
I didn't get in, but I'm gonna take the Workshop class and get better! Maybe I will see you there? That would be super cool.
hey just checkin my tweets
sure. Tell me more:)
thank you, DiskWarrior! you saved the day!! worth every penny
toto juice is spicy...:-)
#FunFact if the fingers onside your middle finger are even there is a 50% chance your GAY!
Rough Weekend.... Blodwyn is back on the wagon. beach time 4 days, ripped pig!
Doesn't anyone remember the "Good Ol' Days?
Tuff S#*t.
LET SEE WUT THE PRESIDENT GOT TO SAY!!
RT if you will be happy for Austin when he gets really famous but you will hate that its a lot harder to get noticed by him.
Where? Apparently we need someone to make a website to track tater tots. RT : Tater tots stuffed with cheese and bacon?
School is out. Text me and shit
Amen RT : Daniel Craig...what wouldn't I do to you?
RT Don't miss professor on tomorrow night. That should be an interesting conversation...
USA women win it :D
These chocolate muffins are <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Why am I so tired all the time now?
Normally the sign of an average team.
Exploring New Orleans, cajun everything please!
dick potato
Yaaayyyyy!! RT So I guess I wont miss #PrettyProgessive this week
Maybe now #Rockies have a chance. #Mets Santana done after 6 scoreless innings and just 2 hits allowed. He K'd 8. Batista in for Mets.
Ik. I'm so sorry Ari.She will will never be forgotten. R.I.P. Whitney Houston </3
Staying in my lane if u cant keep up baby that ain't my fault
While we don't celebrate V-Day (anniv. of day we met is 1wk b4), still reminds me to be grateful for the love in my life. Love u Ad & Reed!
WE ARE NOT DATING 8 FLAVAHZ,
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed ...I don't smash followers, I smash leaders. Ha!
It Was Fun :)
Trying to fall asleep but it isn't happening. Gotta be up for work in three hours. Fuck it all.
Rather fight kimbo slice and mike tyson at the same time then go back to Oneonta rite now.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
customer:<U+200E>"is this office depot?" me: "no, it's austin's pizza" customer: "good, i wanted pepperoni rolls"
I've been reading some posts about not using any slides at all...
One of my legss is shorter than the other... Ohh Emm Ghee!
Yeah, that's one of my favorites!
I know the one thing our show is missing... Strippers. Excellent for podcasts.
Romy Sounds like a typical cheap FIB
Working on comprehensive novice to expert learning solution; assessments, blended training, structured OJT, mentoring; so rare, am grateful.
That is the plan!
*wakes up. Stretches, a smile still on my face. *
loves u guys too!
it's so bad I still have like 2 or 3 left :p
Penn Jillette hasn't worked in tech. ;)
thanks for the follow!
Mom's surgery went well! Can't wait til they move her to a room so I can see her... I need my mommy!
So glad I got motivated and out on my bike, and the bonus was that I got all my checks deposited in the bank too winner!
why aren't they showing more ladies????
Come see us for brunch today!!!
we are all so
i love that drawing though its amazing fer sure :)
thanks for turning me on to John Maus. Not sure if I love or hate him, but can't stop rocking "Quantum Leap".
One of our videos will be part of Tom Morello's acceptance of a Hillman Award for his activism in Wisconsin, Ohio & the Occupy movement!
too bad!!! Love meeting my fellow tweeps!!
i've not had probes with binaries. sometimes compiling stuff updates/downgrades libraries OSX is expecting to find which can be bad
I love u too Fxcking Slut !
Watchin Grandma's Boy on the bus. Never gets old.
Thanks for following us! Tomorrow at #FatTuesdayRELOADED we're catering to the ladies with Free entry till 12, and Free drinks till 1!
Broke hoes talk to much bitch SHUT UP
Just learned I was accepted into the MS in Photojournalism program! Thank you!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world- - it is the only thing that ever has!
: well put, lady.
haha naaaww. I just finished though. Now time to nom :D
You are welcome!
I wasn't just gonna let it go , like it never meant anything.
This boy is so rude.
Just saw a woman sleeping on the table in Perkins
Now reading: diary of Ben Moran, sec'y to U.S. mission in London during the Civil War. It's a riot; meticulously notes all protocol errors.
i got alot of lovers& i got alot of haters
I'll take it off your hands. Too good to pass up. Where are you in town?
Get ready for another great 1
#TweetandEat with Hosted by !!
My Twitter got hacked!!! sorry friends - i think it's fixed but if you get any direct messages from me they AREN'T legit so don't click!
Cisco empowers employees with a self-serve hub says
YOU GUYS.
Full house
#dh11 Good point. Because we're used to the monograph model and want to get away from it?
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!
back to the Garden for Celtics. I can't decide if I am motivated enough to put up a remote.
yeah i just seen da highlights... Lol
ooc; ?! -.__.- Jess goes to our School to!
LOL while I'm all for it, I don't do sloppy seconds. Even if they are yours, which I'm sure are excellent hahahaha.
No they roasted the #Googleglasses Lol
Old school Chiodos? Yes please.
Having ALL the feels with Heather. The Broadway soundtrack is genius! I really need to see it again
Wow Robert you sneaky son of a bitch subtweeting about me you ratchet ass hoe I'll kick your ass back to Tenochtitlan.
Absolutely! RT : "People are willing to shout more if they like something." -
#KSsynapse R.Tsien: miniSOG expressed in outer mitochondrial membrane can also ablate neurons at whatever resolution you can deliver light.
I'm on the second season. I just finished watching the Hound of the Baskervilles one. Question: is each series only three episodes?
Audio at end of IndyCar race looked messed up. Drivers being interviewed looked like their mouths were time delayed.
My dream Stanley Cup Finals finally has a chance of happening this year: Florida Panthers vs. Phoenix Coyotes
What to do when you have a bad business experience with someone in your networking group?
Thanks! I hope they take "I will be flying over the Atlantic" as a good excuse to reschedule.
Addicted to rips
You mite not no becuz ur not from az
you should have! That picture was all bad! She was confused. Had to be.
If the people upset over the Bucks possible leaving town went to Bucks games, they might not be moving.
Okay here we go!!!!
me = jealous.
in the next couple weeks I am going to need a voice :)
#QuoteOfTheNight "Juicy! Don't get pregnant! Cause you know why? You're gonna get bored, drink Jameson, and watch American Idol!" LoL!
I don't think it's sexuality has anything to do with it Brian.
Sounds good to us! RT : Dear , never stop making shoes.
i need to start waking up when my alarm clock first rings...
Thanks 4 clearing that up ": Yup. Since birth. "RT : Has always been that tall?""
if Korver hits more 3's... Korver is a lock!
Join the LaSalle Branch for Mysterious Movies on April 3rd. Spy Kids 4 will be at 2:30pm and a Sherlock Holmes movie at 5pm. Call 282-4633.
I shouldve wore my coat....sheeeeesh
My condolences to Rev. Al Sharpton on the loss of his mother...and to Trayvon Martin's family on their loss. My prayers are with you!
I thot pitbull was gonna win other cat had heart!
sweating out alcohol
lol. I mean, fashion changes. Sometimes for the best, as I feel is the case between 08 and right now.
No just no
yeah it's scary out there on the cutting edge, but hey it's only a few bucks :)
Less than two weeks before single tickets go on sale! Don't wait to secure you season tix. W.baltimoreconcertopera.com
Mr. Mansotra on CORE at #GESS2012, "CORE seeks to form long term associations with government organisations across the world."
Disney World with my babies!!!!! :-D
Congrats! Great to hear all are doing well. Let me know if there's anything Stacey and I can bring or do to help out.
XD she isnt joking haha she almost did .... but still we can convince her lol
what about REAL Bills employees?! Hopefully you will be giving me mad respect come next year!
Dear cute guy that I saw at this hockey game, Please come back. (:
Untitled launches January 28. The theme? (Pledge) Think dustbunnies, manifestos, promises and a dose of the unexpected. Can't wait.
If its going to be expensive, you're going to recieve the works because its going to be hot
#SVNteam & #CRE pals - if you are headed to ICSC, follow and search/follow/use the hashtag #RECon12 to connect with others!
The HEATS Need 2 step it up big time they bench needs 2 produce points.#WhatsgoingonHEATSNATION!!!!!!! Get Back 2 Ur Post-Up Game
thanks for ignoring me butthead
Well I put up a good fight But your words cut like knives And I'm tired as you break my heart again this time
i'm starting to feel like i know exactly what i want to do -- i just have a hard time finding a single word for it.
It was all over the news that he threw down that $10,000...that's what u defend urself against!
Really NYC? No acid wash jeans? Btwn gays, hipsters, rich european tourist, & pretentious teens, I should be able to find somethin.
nope I'm not mad, you're mad cause she yells at you for being there
#WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close, and having so much to say, and watching u walk away
Ha, I hope not. Although I guess, at some point, I need to get one of those. A man. :)
We are all thinking the same thing. RT What is with these injuries?!
The first half sure is going fast
Glad you're enjoying the tunes!
Can you tell I'm a proud daughter?? He's 76 still working and providing wisdom. Today's show was great. Follow your passion.
great #friday night!! night ;)
:D dont forget about me when your rich and famous
Sowing seeds indoors can be a great way to exercise your green thumb without having to freeze in the outdoor temperatures
I need your help twiitlerss(: if u have instagram go to my prof. () and like my 3rd pic. Im trying to win a contest(: thnx
Just one more week to come check out the Aurora Public Schools Festival of the Arts here at TCA! Do you know one of the more than 3,000...
Agree 100%. I've always wanted to cruise around in a rascal. I don't out of respect to people who are forced to use them.
It's the last Friday of #2011 - are YOU working today or getting a jump on the #NewYear?
S/O on the new track. Killed it boi.
RT dark inklings ~ metamorphosing ~ into rainbows
Amen!! If Ky ran out on the floor like that , they would have been penalized I'm sure!! I thought it was rude!!
Jeff! Nice seeing you at the Actors Tweetup on Monday! Where is the TAN Holiday party gallery? I'd like to see the photos!
ALL PACKED!!!! AND SO EXCITED I CAN'T EVEN SLEEP!
"Doubt is the key to knowledge."
Overheard in Lobby- "why would there be a mention of Christmas on the menu in April"!?
- Thanks as always! :)
Finna eat some dinner in a minute
We are sorry for any inconvenience. We will pass your comment along to our programmers. Thank you for your patience!
Best part of the article - the brawl in the comments area about being a transplant vs. a hipster vs. a townie.
We are so far away from Tom Petty we need binoculars to see the jumbotron.
Happy New Years my fellow Rochesterarians May 2012 be a prosperous one for you!
That one week where women crave EVERYTHING FATTY<
Chillen on my way to home boys house
yes, me too
Whatcha up to? Thnx for following :)
My mom's watching a Pitbull concert on TV....
curious about your avatar. Seems a little ominous. Are we all going to drown? Have to start swimming to our destinations?
“There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they’ll take you.” -Beatrix Potter
would have gone berserker on the pair I just watched turn up their noses at a lunch buffet of sandwiches.
No clue how today is going to go...moving cubicles? Hopefully there will be work to do, but if not, look forward to home tonight with M & H!
Strictly Come Dancing's Alesha Dixon Gets Drunk, Claims Everyone On The Show Is Horny!
Last dinner with Heath before he moves, I'm probably going to cry.
RT : RT : Twitter just suggested that I follow , I'm afraid to even click it. - Do it on a coworkers
Love Means Facing Your Biggest Fears
Just wondering, what web backend languages do you use/like? Are you a Rails guy?
Thanks for the #FF love!
sorry...black jersey might be in line also.
Had a SMASHing time @ da LA Screening of SMASH. 4 those who crave Broadway? 2ne in2 NBC Mon nights
your twisted new beginning to dan seals' 'really love 2 see u tonite'?
Hey - Can you extend the special due to your site being down?!? (via )
todays food craving; Sweet Corn
I'm loving this warm weather!
Soon As Leaves Hoe's Wanna
I love you too auntie<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thank U for havin Manchester City Title game on
we will be rockin' the 420 fest at Concert Pub North today at 5:20pm come rock with us!
**blazed&amazed**
LOL! Gotta love moms :-)
So angry about all this noise about Birdman. Can't trust anyone.
that's nothing - mine just keep telling me through the door. And if they're the one going they just talk louder.
Yeah. he plugged the hell out of it!
Check out my list of "less famous" Mexican restaurants tomorrow on
RT : Looking forward to having start with the team tomorrow - what an asset he is going to be :-) > welcome!
Ikr!!!! This is gonna be fun
Why mobile is becoming more about customer loyalty and lifetime value than customer acquisition – with John Orlando of Sixth Sense...
I have to assume that corn tortillas are completely in love with me, the way they always fall apart in my hands.
Two weeks to go until I start producing feature film on Long Island. Love Pre-Pro.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink. Throwing in the towel, and moving onto my own oasis in the desert, solo. PEACE
Baby monkeys?
good now im over the flu :p just in time for nice weather here too! what's new?
Little known fact, "totally wrong" was a favorite footnote diss of Edward Gibbon. Also used "WTF" in a critique of Suetonius.
All Kings so far. And now Mike Smith is tackling someone.
We would love to hear and maybe even work out a partnership! DM us your contact info and we will be in touch!
I miss you! I really miss you! You are so darn cute!!
ha! never knew of dead drops.. fascinating. i just wanted to give them out as souvenirs/presents in my home country :)
Awesome! That's where I am now. I move April 30th so let me know when you're free for coffee or something!
thanks for your help girl! Cya soon
gwen you can barely stand on a longboard and i can barely stand on solid ground how on earth do you expect us to do that
It can be difficult to make a point when the other person is convinced in the opposite.
Mark Bartolomeo: "indoor CRM" will use NFC to ID you & flash customized ads on glass door of ice cream cold case NO escape from ads!
I just hate how my phone is off because my MOTHER didnt return my freaking money back in time! -_-
How do you only have 25 followers
I told you I don't fucking cuss!!
When two friends become lovers, that's ordinary. When two ex-lovers become friends, that's maturity.
im #teamfollowback all day
Got my stuff for half cap even though im madd my mama aint go to the store
New Brookhaven farmer's market on the corner of apple valley and Dresden. Until 1pm. Go check it out.
DYK? Dr. Maya Angelou-Renowned novelist, poet, educator, dancer and Grammy winner is a member of AKA ..
i just listened to you on youtube and almost cried you so good! <3
I feel sick
thank you! I was sick of being sick! LOL!
like seriously its so immature and disrespectful. People need to get a life.
Horrible customer service exp w/ this AM. Bait & switched me for $36 and refused to remove charges. lost a customer for life over it
It's always a bad idea studying with the computer on...
love you darling
Planet Tennis : End of road. Two viable alternatives for any further pursuit of pro circuit - relocation or tour hitting partnership.
just put two and a half hours into extremely loud and incredibly close...eh
Yes I agree.
so does that mean you think it is time for a Howard The Duck prequel? He hasn't retouched that yet.
hehe!!my birthday is october!:)
Yeah, that sounds about right. Getting them without running is interesting...
Slap yourself for sayin big Sean shitty
How about another Lesley Stahl profile where you don't interupt the intvw? MT Steve Kroft on Pelosi Provision
who did you end up getting?!
Rumor has it #Facebook IPO late May
heck yes #F for life!!
S/O to for being frickin' gorgeous!!!
Have a great superbowl weekend!
Blessed & thankful!
Students themselves argue: hypertext only gives the illusion of reader involvement. Clicking is not the same as writing.
search Robert Cesena
OMG !!! Hear Sam Gallant's () 7 Deadly Sins Stoop Story on The Signal on WYPR this Friday & Saturday!
Black angels were fucking awesome, period.
#YouAintNoGoodIf you disrespectful
I do not know why but today is boring twitter
I know who dunnit...beware of the N squared!
Does chemotherapy help cancer patients live longer? Find out at 4/20/11 6pm. Free Chandler event.
yea I remember
The vet said ariana may be expecting 6-7 bulldog puppies cant wait
hell yeah :)
Ole ole ole ole ole!
sorry it didnt work the first time but it should be there now.
You might hate YOLO but we love you. ;)
Damn why weren't we invited
Snow White remakes - "Once upon a time," "Snow White and the Huntsman" and "Mirror, Mirror." Do we really need that much?
May is STROKE Awareness Month. Do you know the signs to look for?
Happy Easter tweeps!
Cleve Jones is in the house!
Aw Alicia stay strong!
that's cool what does one of those go for?
Just downloaded #Instagram for Android, too. The app isn't allowing me to upload an image. Are you having that issue?
I got you!
At the space needle and we're baking in the sun. Seattle DOES get hot
": I was a big Soul Train fan...so saddened by death of Don Cornelius. His son Tony joins us to remember his dad."
Damn I should have done that lame presentation Oh well Sunday I just have to buckel down
musta ate too much
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want... That Psalm holds true all day...EVERY day.
This is why Music and time ain't free cuz food isn't !!!!
As John says, "no stress," especially for your Math 3C midterm! Review this Saturday from 6pm-9pm!
thank you for following Follow-back done and done.
We gun' get tipppsaaayy.
lol::Falling off of my chair::Indeed, it is!We go from Pelosi's wild eyes to Boehner's Kool-Aid orange glow.Congress = hotmess
": As I carry this cross, You'll carry me. #choosetobelieve"
Great show last night too! ripped it down of course...I felt good up there. Word to for makin it happen.
We lie to ourselves and to others to remain human.
“: #Foo Fighters were at Obama event yesterday here in L A. Santorum also has a band backing him: Spew Fighters”.
Shooting up statistics like Reggie Miller on deez fools!!
Watching DVR of with Was fortunate to have dinner w/ her year ago meeting in Cincinnati.
Uptown Is over; not bad- we experienced every kind of weather possible. Just two weeks to get ready for American Craft Expo in Evanston
Bink and Gollie are fabulous! Great for struggling upper elem readers. An easy sell in my school lib!
That is a beautiful moon.
THAT stat, more than anything else, gives me feel for how/why roddick lost. Aggression not instinctive for either, I guess.
lots of information to fill for the free 15 min... but I'm in. Now I'm gonna get a million e-mails to subscribe...
I need mew people to text ...!
I know right:/ but he managed to always stand GRAND(:
Safety Minute: Remind your field employees to stay Hydrated!
Had to download a death cert. request for a client. Name of the file: "Death_by_mail." A little nervous about opening it...
Just when I was starting to get my confidence back...
Haha that's really funny, ah our "Lumbee Hall" is called The White House... some things never change!
You can at least follow me, bitch!
THERE MAKING ANOTHER MADAGASCAR MOVIE. #LifeMade. (;
That should give me time to get over you.
thx for the twitter push tonight JT!!
Hi. What's up ?
bastard! We'll see how much interest there is. Not much in Cleveland...
Just finished talking to my daugher and granddaughters on the phone
Yea Bro Everything Gucci, We Sliding Down Saturday
Anyone there? If you're not using this account, may I?
please be careful, lady!
We changed our mind ...the oven is ready and also our handcrafted Puccia balls...:) call in for delivery or pick up 512 739 8785 ciao
I LOVE And and company. And their new wall.
I love how everyone I know tries to assume my moods and feelings through text sad really u might wanna rethink your crystal ball
Gotta come see u play boy
Beware of the Troll-Preacher!
Do you plan on implementing collaboration tools at your business?
I just found out, all fixed now. Someone snagged my account. Sorry for the incinvenience.
come on down I'll definitely be in till 3 or I can meet you somewhere after that.
so I was having dinner with Mike L & tonight!! Yea, that's right... We want to meet some athletes!! & see you! Xo
At Brookings this morning for "Why Manufacturing Matters"--full house!
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout S
RT Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
I hear my baby bro is dying in lubbock from snow too! Nice ;)
Hey everyone, check out great toys at great prices by visiting www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
RT : When everything I've read from you has sucked, your chiding authors to write faster cuts a poor impression. // A-fscking-men
Loving the new Mars Volta album!
Tweet out to my girl: Haley O'Connor. Can't wait to see you this weekend
Bitch please.
I get excited when I get mail from the mail box cuz no one ever sends me shit (:
I caught a dual-threaded plot.
thanks sp1! Keep tuning in
I don't think there is one person in this bar that gives a fuck
Dang! RT : GM pulled their 8 million dollar FB program because they say it was not effective! ---> Ouch!
Thanks David and thank you for listening!
T minus one week till recalifornianization. Now, excuse me while I have a moment with the City.
i would love to make love to you, please!!!!
You looked stupid until you opened your mouth. Now you look 10x stupider.
My 400th tweet!!! :)
Yesterday I told my friend about my crazy dream. Today she emailed me possible interpretations based on a dream book. She is adorable!
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER FACEBOOK FRIENDS FOR COMING SOON DETAILS @ COLD DRINKS,HOT FOOD, BIG FUN!!!
Not feeling too well :/
where do I go to see ur instagram pics?
Thanks RT : RT Create a great weekend! // Have an awesome
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
Exhibit shows Oklahoma's contributions to film history: By MICHAEL SMITH World Scene Writer OKLAHOMA CITY - This is for those people ...
Shiiiit.. I don't know if I should hit this spot..or stay at da layer..smh..
lucky!!! Send me some.
Thanks for all your help on Sunday.
Not sure how there could be a horrible or hilarious photo of you online, cause you ladies are beautiful ;)
Short Films Program 3 (Dangerous Liaisons) -FRI March 26, 9:15 pm, Founders Hall, Calabasas, "Turn Around" - USA, 34 MIN, LA PREMIERE
Yes! Walking away from the abusers is hard, but life is so much better & stressfree once you do it!
In studio with at Cold Clock Production, Tacoma knocking out one song for album... Let's get it in!
She blowing me kisssesss
Obviously this is what is important when watching the State of the Union.
Blumberg: Kid focus grps on #videogames reveal that frequent players were more resourceful in seeking help & that generalized to schoolwork.
spill all that T!
Uruguay to win it all
The only cure is graduation.
Crosby chirps big but won't drop the gloves
Book order and Joy Division: the two great tastes that taste great together
Thanks Vegas for rocking out hard, and partying like you're single! Had a great time performing.
Oh I know. And after knowing for the past few years nothing in the world can ever bother me...
We're New England's most affordable private college (US DoE, 2011), and we're 100% online! ...
Had an amazing weekend with my family in Newport=]
Gia & Matt are cute (:
Week 3: 'MindFirstFitness meets the Philosophy Day School Faculty'...establishing a foundation for injury-free exercise...
Not insulted at all! Delighted to make you laugh, however unintentionally. :-)
Bloated on sushi goodness
#20ThingsAboutMe I think Pretty Boys are effing hot. c:
RT : Uggla just hit a two-run homer off top of the scoreboard in left-centerfield. The ball hit just above the "E" in ESPN
Job interview!!! xD im excited lol.
Thanks!! RT : Beautiful desserts yesterday ladies! Big hit!
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes!
you think?
Foul on Jones, 26.4 to play. Haarsma at the line two shots. Hits first, missed second! Bodies everywhere, Hopkins gets board, and is fouled
I hear is gonna be on a show on cbs in like a a min!
“: But dinner was over three stacks...I think we over partied.” like it was 1999 huh?
Oo no doubt
You are welcome!! :)
gorgeous yacht fashion.
You little slore, I hope your better half sees that.
yea we have a show coming up @ Kennywood this Friday. Kinda last notice but we'd def love to see you at one of em soon!
And I'm excited. Special guests promised.
Seriously. Based on their names alone, Kara takes the cake. At least her parents didn't hate her.
Last night, the horses escaped into my "jungle". I want to browse with them.
no! Looking for a potential commercial space to share!
is the gallery open tonight?
as I say that.. I get startled.
10 hours in...St. Patty's going strong!
My phones dying, I'm tired, want food and get laid.
I always crave a bagel when I'm sick
I'm so bored..
Have to buy a new car battery :/ There goes the money I was going to get from selling plasma.
Just grow the hell up --
not nice
The question is... If i put Indiana Jones on now... Will i wake up for work on time!?
Listening The Afghan Whigs' 'Gentleman' in Grade 7 was the first time I felt shame for being a man.
I dnt take offence to the way this generation style of music its their language everybody hav they language
Thank you for your compliment on my cut and I look forward to sharing info about hair care with you sista!!
They're playing JAMC happy when it rains hurry the f up lyfe or deth situation right here
we'll keep in touch. You do same.
GM Tweoples!! Headed to the gym to make it do what it don't.
A Day in the Life of Stephanie McMahon
Girl i didnt speak nothing but the truth so thats how i know you lying!
Omg a matching band led us out of the keynote speaker just now! I love a matching band...
ooh my next tweet is my 900th! ive never done this before so does someone want a S/O? hehe
Roll up that good shyt & put it in the air *.
@ Northeast Presbyterian Church greeting voters
Believe it or not I've been to the Dog Collar Museum in UK. In fact, my then girlfriend (now my wife) & I made a point of going.
never give up
Non-profit will be a sponsor at Sunday's #TeenLifeLIVE NYC! Come by to check them out!
What song of either Rihanna or Katy Perry wish was urs to record or write?
#Thatmomentwhenyourealize you're an intellectual poser b/c you read the New Yorker on the bus
can make me smile even when the clouds are gray and there's no sign of light. <U+2661>
Less music, more football please.
no, my mon just me the bad news and now my whole family and I are devastated....I'm devastated of stress and school...:(
I been up 21 hours straight <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>>>>>> its easy when your with me and #Makinhits Woman!! lol
I've never had to say so many insincere things before this job...meh...
great job dude!
RT : The NAACP Awards will be on tonight on Fox...make sure you tune in.
i know it's going to great!!! =]
When Lebron left the Cavs, they were total trash. Orlando w/out Dwight held their own as a low seed in playoffs. That's gotta hurt his ego.
Woke up angry! Not sure what for, but I let it go & put on my garment of praise! Determined to hold on to my Joy! & Choosing to be Happy!
dude im so sorry about waht happened just a stupid accident im gonna bring you something to school. #whendoyoucomeback?
Michigan State's jerseys
"Gods work: Tim Tebow ain't got sh*t on me!"
You want me quiet? No I'ma scream about unspeakable scenes like dudes that sag calling it swag! Sagging's not apart of Dr. King's dream
haha yea i know
“ I will not suffer fools gladly, but I will gladly make fools suffer. -Bimmler #instantfollowback”
You. Inspire. Me. stay strong <3
you know ... Your wife would ride the Zipline! #nofear!
My pancakes always come out with a crunchy crust!
It's like we're at the same bar together :) Cheers!!!
Vision of building a middle-class musician: a career that doesn't frighten parents. (Pandora founder Westergren)
Come check out surrendervegas the hottest nightclub free admission tonight just use my name Travis Sosa @ the guestlist only
who ya textin?
you look awesome!!!
thank you!
Can't wait to be back on the east coast in a month and a half!
Is soo ready to be done!
The Beach Boys. Beautiful and timeless.
has $1 sandwiches today in
Stereophonic has been down this week due to maintenance and relocation. But we are back!
I tried Skyrim with Kinect voice commands. Had to print a key sheet off just to reference. Not as simple as Mass Effect 3, but still cool.
I'm TOTALLY gonna hit up for $5 at
Hi! Just yesterday! I went ahead and set up
Clippers had 9 fast break points last night. Spurs had 15.
We might need you to teach a healing yoga class for our planners when all is said and done! ;)
Any news of a vote actually happening or are they still chewing pizza?
So what happens next??? Is this life defined by choices,taking advanatage of opportunities, or just a long line of random occurances...hmm
- Maybe! We'll have to see how the on-sale goes!!
I have exactly 227 community service hours...Yay!!!!
Hahaha. Well thank you:)!
Merry Christmas Eve
We might? I'll fly to wherever you're reading next. I recently TORE UP a wedding reception w/ that song. But it needs more than me!
Road Trip!
ay let me kno if u find that. I need some.
RE: , Ill send you an invite via your website. Thanks for your interest! cc
For the first time in my life, my dog ate my homework. Literally. Ate it.
THE DRESSMAKER's storyline sounds vaguely familiar... James Cameron, perhaps? ;-)
YES! After months of battle, Taylor and Francis just sent us last year's issues. VICYORY!
“: I Dont Understand Why Girls Take Pictures With There Mouth Open.. Are You Trying to catch a Dick” lmfao!!!
I know, I know! I may have to make up for it at the Dance. Let's have a strong second half and take hold of the top MWC spot.
I was just thinking "make it stop, make it stop, make it stop." Doubt that will happen, but was a nice interlude.
Earring time..bitchez my mind is on overload
I'm in Ocean City heaven right now. Would tweet more about it... but way too busy eating.
Workout time...
Sending me an e-card is like stabbing me in the heart.
FREE BEER (thanks to ) at Sunday's James Carlos Blake reading in #Austin 3PM.
or can we do 10:30a?
Need something to do tonight.
Oops. Noticed a mistake in a cover letter I already sent out. Oh well, job is located too close to Oklahoma anyway.
He party hard with his lady bt cant with his "girl".....he aint trying to be with your ass #shame lol
RT : My twins about to be 1 soon,aw I miss my #NOLA fam- miss u 1st!
This is seriously the most perfect weather for tanning. <3
I'm hanging in there, barely. Lol
#RickPerry "I'm not done fighting for the cause of conservatism." Says he has just begun fight and ends his speech w/a thumbs up and salute
I used "metaekphrastic" today. it felt good. side note: I could talk/listen to GG for HOURS.
Happy Birthday and I love you :)
Dont judge me
thank you. Right back at you! :D
*TONS of SPECIALS TODAY* Anyone who buys a LOTION over $80 will receive ONE FREE MONTH in the HP booth!
All the freaks are out tonite!!
is there really something between & ?
Spring break <3
Spot on ... David Gregory is nothing but a right wing shill, remember him dancing with MC Karl Rove a few years back?
How I Met Your Mother finale, , OKC/LA... I have a feeling, that tonight's going to be a good night!
I remember I use to say " oh snap" when I was younger now it's "oh shit!"
Hosting 2nd congressional candidate John Ewing at my home this evening. To send a donation please DM me
We are Texas' #1 Choice in Home Improvement!
A #BFWartimeFactoid - today in 1794 the U.S. #Congress and #President #Washington authorized the creation of the U.S.
Fuck u planet fitness and your shitty hours
This is so exhausting…
Got Chickens and Bacon Smoking Away. Smells Heavenly!
your chips n ice cream idea is very strange but not bad lol
People never seem to change! Makes my life easier of who I want to surround myself around..............
M thiss rice was bomb tho it had shrimp! :D
Hm. No clue. Um, we can be the first antique furniture/pizza shop!
RT : Cool! #RVA pilot! RT : My aerial video coverage of Borel on Super Saver winning the
We knew yesterday was just a tease ...
But he looks like a little homo monkey that shops at baby gap! Gay ass pride, you knoeee.
I'm very annpyed that all my shows are ending for the season
#np scary monsters and sprites
#blazers suck! Pathetic excuse for an NBA team.
#peeta is sexy.
well i hope whoever stole my amazon package of the west by west book from my front porch has a merry christmas!!!
if this bitch doesnt shut the fuck up #knockout #shhh #help #stilltalkingggggggg :s
yep, been pumping it
In tweetdeck, it's a field you can type offensive words into, so tweets containing those words never appear in your timeline.
Jesus is my Champion! #FollowMeAsIFollowChrist!
wtf is wrong with that kids hair?
The worst part is that he is going to the one team that always gets the questionable calls in their favor...His PIs are going to go way down
Always wondered if John Wooden could successfuly coach "today's athlete". Would love to hear Jerry Sloan's answer to that question today.
thanks to for giving Buffalo a chance! next up April 21st!
at least we ain't go to game 7. Lol
RIP LIZZIE. u will not be forgotten.
that is about as cool as Lebron jumping over a human to dunk
You cannot run a small or large business alone! Hire an administrative assistant today!
Ready to get my learn on with Google Places
AAAAHHHHH!!! Dale Jr. was so close to winning! Atleast he made to 2nd. :) Congrats Matt Kenseth on your win!
Is anyone else just a little afraid that Justin #Bieber can vote now?
They don't go on sale till tomorrow at 4! Still have a little bit of waiting to do
something about you that I like :)... have a great day
know your vocatives, dudes! You need to separate the addressee from the rest of the sentence with a comma. See my first sentence.
JUST DOWNLOADED #AngelsAndGentlemen okay so lets get this collab going Cody Simpson and Psanders
If someone doesnt realize your worth its cause they arent worth it
can't wait for that 4/20 tweet :) love you Bella ! Good look at tryouts ! xo you'll be great I know !!
My nigga just came to see me. Ain't chopped it up wit her in a while.
2x as many women consult DR GOOGLE than men. I'm probably the worst! I google EVERYTHING!
Dr. just told me I have high cholesterol.. 213... shocking! health kick starts now!
This is my daily mantra. #Focus >>>RT : Theirs has nothing to do with yours. Stay focused.
Free Munch G !
RT The man who gave us 100 Years Of Solitude celebrates his birthday today. Gabriel Garcia Marquez turns 86
watch it in Netflix!
What's your point with respect to my comment ?
you're very welcome and thank you!
<---- PLEASE HELP US REPORT THIS ACCOUNT. it's horrible. Why do some people have to go this low to make an account like that
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
Bottomless Mimosas now until 3pm-only $12Red wine tasting all day and congrats on the engagement last night, it was a wonderful moment.
oh hush it woman!!!!you know I love ya!
I feel like the Dave Chapell pop copy sketch whenever I walk into office depot.
Bleed Hoya blue? Think cancer sucks? Follow for exciting updates from Georgetown's Relay For Life.
Baby sitting people is a major buzzkill. Go lay your ass down with a bottle of water till you feel better
This weekend if you are on the water the COOLEST thing to wear is a LIFE VEST! Be Safe! Have Fun!
How do you keep your chord progressions from sounding stale? Do you even care?
Amy Rasmussen of Chicago Arts Partnerships for Education (CAPE). Recognizes the conference as a call to action
staying home this year for Thanksgiving. Looking forward to having 4 days off!
"Procrastination is the key to failure." ~Tiffini Sherai Jones
What grade are you looking for to complete the quad?
I said yes :)
That day cannot come soon enough. I miss you already!
.: Whole family loves Frog & Toad. And all the Ramona books prompted conversations about real life.
Every man needs a woman when his life is a mess, because just like in a game of chess, the queen protects the king.
Goals set, time to act
Happy Easter to everybody on twitter
Congratulations on your success,I got mad love 4 u and hope u hit Orlando,we need a Queen Bee takeover!
VISIT ME!
dang! I knew I should of changed my picture!...tomorrw I'll wear a Browns jersey. #friendsnow?
LOVE the name of the new Cerner Campus.
Merry Christmas everyone!
haha that's sick!
RT “: Work like a servant to eat like a KING!!!!”
I love you so much!
Seriously, there's green icing flowing down.
Thanks 4 your interest and support. Much needed and appreciated.
Why Good Mornin Stylistas and Stylistos!!! I went from east to now the south!!! Got some things set up out here tht sounds like a good idea
Can't sleep...
Lamb now working really hard to get over those ball screens.
Kinda loving today. You go, girl!
Is there an Avengers screening tonight? Where?
lol damn well if u do ill be ready if not its cool
When were you planning on getting St. Drunken's Day Tickets by the way? Contact and we'll hook you up.
I'm shopping for summer reading ideas. #bookaday is looming over me, and I have about 20 books ready and waiting. Suggestions?
I have a secret.....
Goodness... Glad you're ok!
didn't give u a proper good morning. MUAH! I am here if u need anything. I see #Scandal & downtime in your future sir.
Our French Fries are a must-try! They are authentic Belgian fries and made from freshly cut potatoes!
Need to catch up on yesterday's quotes.. but it's #MUSTSEEJV time for some big boy baseball!
wonderful! Be as creative as you feel necessary!
A DREAM IS NEVER OLD SO LONG AS IT WAKES UP EVERY MORNING WITH NEW LIFE.The postman came this afternoon to deliver another shoe machine
Catch me on CNN at 2:50! I'll be talking about jurors cashing in on high profile cases in 20 minutes
Yeah. I can't stand them live.
RT : Valentine's Day is NEXT WEEK and We've got a Great Gift for the Beer Lover in your life! Check it out:...
Nothing unites the shadowy forces of the penny lobby like a proposal to stop production. Prepare to meet the wrath of Big Penny.
Barca is rocking out goals today - play smart, not hard!
hey can u follow me? I like talking to u lol
my phone died damn
Tax increases? McDuffe, wilde, Hunter, Henderson no! Day yes for high income earners over $300k
Anytime! Keep the good eats coming!
Gonna root hard for #Kansas on Monday night.
I will consider all your works & meditation on all your mighty deeds. Psalm 77:11,12
A special shout out to new Head Coach Joe Tartamella! Be sure to follow for #stjwbb news / updates!
Cap: "Hulk? Smash."
C, we create custom twitter Backgrounds 4 pro athletes & we are Noles! Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if u want 1
Back in the north. Fall arrived while we were gone. Beautiful colors!
Top of the morning to all, everyone have a blessed day! Happy Friday...
I just want some loyal niggas on my team.. that are down to come with me & experience this dream #Avenue listening to an beat #ILL!
I wonder what fish smelled like before woman went swimming.
Should've went to chubbs to at least see if anybody was out there, still got time but idk
over slepted with my nap oh no :(
hasn't been able to fix our dishwasher in 4 visits. Kinda makes you worry about their nuclear power plants.
From an amazing senior seminar on commerce&culture my senior year as in undergraduate in English at RU. What years were you there?
Looking pretty fresh in that Indianapolis hat! Welcome to the team Luck!
Haha, the song is surprisingly not as provocative as the title. Thanks for the new music, boss! :)
I wanna live good I wanna live right my in securities are eating me alive
followed. And thanks! :)
& whoever said ACG's was comfortable; is a motherfuckin lie
What happened at practice?
Read 80 lines of Euripides in 1 hour today. I didn't read them well, but I still rule this an accomplishment.
could be interesting, especially if painted w/ the detail of a Dutch master, of a student w/ macbook, Starbucks,+ despair.
Reds, currently in second place, just lost and are 16-16 now.
Anyone going to ASU still need a roommate???
Get that man an orthopod stat!
Just another stat to the white folks . Still whip work to the white yolk, absolutely!
I know...I've made a few jokes about how they owe the pitching staff several rounds of drinks due to the extra work!
Im OK ID Sam and Zayn went out ;P so then they could be in iCarly evryday!!!
My balls itch
Walk! #Yankees now down 4-2.
Overcoming a sore throat. Trying to to walk 25.5 miles today to a nice hot shower. The walk is a grade up b/c wlking on Hwy 26 twrds Mt. Hd
Takeaway from ArtClix: Android dev complicated by vendor/carrier implementations. Build your own And. tools for best effect.
right! I can't wait to give someone dysentery right before they get to Cali. NO DANK BUDS FOR YOU
She is a little off - little bi polar. He had so many warnings about courtney.
no not by you its me I should ever talked about it
lol im a Stan! and i do that..haha XD
did you get to AZ?
me too, its weird! just need it to be summer so i can sleep in more lol
Had the best birthday ever :)))
Exactly! So we have to win these games!
i plan on hiding out in my room for the rest of the night, it sounds very nice. #Loner!
RT : Your body hears everything your mind says. Naomi Judd
Sorry the spammers found it but at least it was at the end!
okay, sweet!
I don't have to be in school until 10:30 and I'm up at 7:23 anyway. What is wrong with me? Ugh.
Dats Right RT : Quality over quantity
thanks! Do you recommend that for all with hashimotos?
We should get along famously, Jean...
Two new snapbacks
RT I got war money, baby... I wanna show you how I store money, baby.
Man shaving with an electric razor on the highway
i'm jealous ! D:
Please follow me<3
You got it ;)
Thanks for the follow! #go tigers
Good Morning(:
Thank you Sonic for messing up my order. I order french toast sticks and get a BLT sandwhich. #CloseEnough #FoodIsFood #Bacon <3
Former #Beavers safety Brandon Hardin kicking it with live talks about being drafted by Da
Great job tonight ! Stay aggressive and let your game speak for itself.
thinking of coming to shanghai librarians. Best way to travel from hkg? Train or fly?
Hot out today!
I am writing you a letter explaining everything I'm feeling. Yet, I only use a few words that are truly mine, how is that possible.
Ahaha Uu Stupid RT : I want a slice of you to-go
Mann I'm waiting on u today just let me kno when u coming out
I love #Paleo Mayo. Requires good patience to make it right though but so good in egg salad.
#scms12 turns to Free Culture and Gravitation as examples
I am willing to unfollow and lose your game 136-1. Goodbye.
Mayor Ed Tauer speaks at Cops Fighting Cancer event this morning.
Ours is 11.5 lbs. Usually hides behind a speaker. Sometimes hides bet coffee table and couch. Sometimes under bed.
Guards son, guards
i love the elvis.
Caught a few zs in my car at #SaveOurClincs then back up for radio interview. Rahm can extinguish a grill but not our movement.
followed you. Follow back? :)
i'm thinking tavern on the hill?
DJing Tonight!! Make sure to come out for the best Party in town, served by the best Staff in town!!!
#theawkwardmomentwhen You actually can't decide what seat to take.
Yes...great meeting indeed!
Trying to scarf down this bagel who knows when I can eat next. #dentist Goodluck who's going this morning as well!
Just be a man about it
Ok good night... well good morning :-)
<U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Mentally dating a celebrity that has no idea you exist.
Meet Mother Jones! myperfed.com/lessons.php Free Daily Warm-Ups for #historyTeacher -
No, as a matter of fact. You'd be surprised how broad-based the ABC movement is. We're bipartisan, from all walks of life.
If there was some way to quantify social awkwardness, Econ majors would beat out all the others.
Good Morning
Life's to do list. Run a marathon and sleep on a strangers couch
thanks! Looking forward to introducing him to my musical collection. Any recommends are welcome...
She miss U 2 thats why she keeping U around positive people
GIRLS- by Lena Dunham is awesome check it out on HBO
Thank you!
We are a proud new member of Chicago Southland Chamber
Tried following the #Apple #iPad announcement on TweetDeck...but the stream was so large it crashed the program. Still can't get in..grrrrr
Anyone with an iPhone have heytell? Holler at me
on local news, man arraigned for making his dog drunk by giving it vodka to drink
Moving day yesterday, first day of classes at Tulane today. Officially beginning my next chapter!
So nice to meet you too! no offense about the germaphobe thing, wish I could've stayed but for sure next time!
Great testimony from sponsors and school leaders in support of SB 576.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout god, country music, family, friends, that special someone, my pets, music, sleep, chocolate!!!:D
hahaha fuck you cunt xD and don't worry bout it who im fuckin tonight cause it ain't you hahahaaha
Some where in the world a girl just pulled out her free boosie panties and did a twerk video. Smh
The Imaginary Band correction ~ our show at 58 Main will be August 11th! Somehow my twitter tweeted without me! Next show 4/28 at Mastrellas
She looked at me and put a frost on everyone's vodka
Invisible People only got $10 in donations for last 2 months...
Is Laura's twitter account ?
BAM! It's Friday! This week came and went before we knew it!
absolutely!!! Let's get together girl
Poor west brom being crushed by chelsea
I know I'm late but man I couldn't make it.
Tomorrow. It's going to be a day... At least vacation can then begin. Well time off work can begin.
“ Are you a product of your environment? Or is your environment a product of you?”
your tat is dope bro . . .
#LadyAntebellum is coming to the Lloyd Noble in Norman, OK on April 7th.
I just fell in love with after hearing she's collaborating with G-Dragon and of #BIGBANG!!!!!!
So, I had been working on the iMac for a couple hours when it suddenly shut down. I think it's over-heating.
Somethings I just can't take
P.S. I think we've worked together before, when you were with My maiden name: Scurlock.
Going to have to check out in Atlantic City some time, AMG does some big things!
Zesting is serious business, but it's worth it.
This celtics sixers game is getting intense.
A beautiful blend of ginger, licorice, cinnamon and mint. Perfect for pairing with your favorite Holiday jammies.
So many fun concerts this week. Are you attending any? Aug 23: Ke$ha presents the Get $leazy Tour - The Lawn at White River State Park ..
If i write a post about sleeping with married men, would you be entertained or appalled?
Guster-Amsterdam Two things that totally rock!
hahahahahahaha that episode was absolutely ridiculous so funny.
Y'all tune in to
I see artist promoting release dates but never see them on the charts. All great record label R great becuz of sales Inbox me 4 sales charts
so jealous!! Bring me any leftovers to lex tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Good call, saving that job for tomorrow. RT : gross man clean behind your ears too
On my way to the Fair!
lol that's funny
Indeed, I send my good vibes to your sick kitten, but hopefully some pungent cat nip in the near future as well.
Consensus was hot Sat going 9-2-1 in CFB and Sun so far just over 100 cappers posted and 8 consensus so far with more to come
you're welcome. Now don't go thinking I think you're good at stuff or whatever.
RT "If those with the least among us don't succeed, none of us will." - Brian Gallagher.
Your mad at me because you called me a bitch and now I won't talk to you oh you make sense
your Welcome :)
Djokovic to meet Murray Defending champion Novak Djokovic booked a showdown with Andy Murray in the Sony Ericsson Open final after defeat
OMG perfect bracket so far!
#SOCIALITES SOIREE Barber & Beauty day party 5.20 l Indoor pool l Balcony View l Canary & Cream Edition l #NEWEDITION ticket giveaway
I'm really starting.to despise the Thieves Guild. It's not horrible but it's he same jobs over and over for 4 special jobs.
lol damn why so rude haha
preach. I have not heard one person say something negative about them.
So excited for tonight! RT : Live tweet at the Capital Food Fight, use #foodfight as the hashtag.
Happy Sonday everyone! And may God richly bless you all!
lol his booty shake
I had to bite back a real LOL. NICE!
i had a great time meeting & talking & 2 u wish i got a pic w/u but ty 4 the autograph & signing my nephew's shirt <3
For every video you sent me ... when I check the statistics ... they are all popular in USA <3
haha yeah Purdue and IUPUI both had asked me!
Special-effin' Libraries Thursday (only 2 more to go!) Today, Prison Librarian guest speaker.
then come (: no cause the wheels were popped Dx haha
yeah, its a done deal
oh god I JUST found the bruise from yesterday... perhaps I was a bit too enthusiastic about the fence-leaping
I have yet to see a look I don't like. This must mean the end of the world is nigh.
that's awesome then how come I never see you
funny shirt :)
Paiche Amazone with Ramps and Fiddlehead Fern risotto welcoming Spring!
Just got tix to in DC. What!?!
Im so lazy... love u too.this is why im going to be
hangin at soccer camp
Disney Channel stars speak out against cyberbullying
I love the smell of CSS in the morning. It smells like… Absolute Positioning.
we are doing pretty good, exhausted but good. How are you?
aww love you princess :*
What can u do? Ask ques., offer to help find resources, get other friends/family involved. Don't hesitate to call 911 if life is in danger.
Happy birthday, #GirlScouts! :-)
Whenever I see people I am actually happy to see I look like a fat scrub.
Paul Molitor is the best clutch hitter, base stealer and 82 crew had best infield. He is loyal to his fans and continues to be.
Is Pedro on deck????
#Interop Webcast - 4/18 Effective cloud services today will deliver more benefits later.
Looking for bloggers on our #Royals sister site #MLB #FantasyBaseball. Send a a message if you're interested!
Thanks for the RT - hope you are well!
Excellent, as always. I admire your patience in responding to this stuff week after week.
Your schedule is worse than mine...lol Let me know when.
let's get you some tickets then!
RT Please follow - a new brother site in Christ. I would appreciate it
see you midday Sat.
i hope today goes by fast!!!!
hey what s up :D
Bestie where the hell r u??? lol
I say 2010! Is that do-able for ya?! Maybe let's see if some awesome band plays there next year or something.
Been Followin U For A Min N No Follow Back!??! SEE YA!
Damn typo - I meant Zentai!
! We could do it all at once! I'll hit you up here the day before or something.
Well, it seems to me that it would be off to bed, tweet me some time people, and I promise I will tweet back!
I still love you Timmy :(
follow back?
when you pre order the album will it arrive on the day or do you not know?
Thank god I remembered . That woulda been a huge spoiler. I would have felt terrible.
Nashville just got owned.
just came on my station and I automatically thought of you!
_: Having such a realistic dream that you're not sure if it actually happened or not.
Not as much vomit on the streets as i thought therekd be today.
Just saw my name in the acknowledgments of a book for the first time!
ooooohhh, that girl had a manly voice
It's a great night for hottubbin(:
cant wait to see what night is going to be industry night?
I love iPad?
I'm @ 9am EST hour talking #womenshealth issues, 's all-male #birthcontrol panel #wherearethewomen #nogirlsinthetreehouse?
lol exactly? Something about that quite gas to be wrong. Or my weed is weird. Can't be my weed. It's awesome.
WOW our basketball team lost tonight by 2 points in last 4 seconds...even stillI am so proud of them for the season they had...
Keshia didn't know any good stuff man.
So glad I got a job today!
Yo mamma is so fat you'll need a navigator to go around her.
actually Donnie, I didn't do shit, but click a button and now I rise and grind like the rest of yous
Beautiful vibe cooked wave with the fam
Know of any kids giving back? #KidsAreHeroes would like to feature them! Send 'em their way!
Talking to Abigail
5 more minutes till freedom & beginning my 3-day weekend!
fly safe and happy sir!!!
Looks hot. Show more! :)
: the new frontier of post publication peer-review: it will happen on pages separate from the original article
are you going to have any tickets for the home play off game?
Seriously feel so crappy. ):
Today is your birthday? Have a great one! :-D
Happy holidays to all our vendors and clients from the entire Cater2.me team! :)
Just finished a video project that's going to be on more than 100 websites. YIKES. No one told me that....
Would you rather have x-ray vision or bionic hearing?
Thanks! Woof! To you!
Well that amazing Dupree 30 for 30 ended just in time to see the #NYRangers send this into OT. #bucciovertimechallenge Gaborik Chimera
Chad Hartman discussed obesity, now John Williams is reviewing the indignity of an all-you-can-eat bufet restricting servings.
So excited for Les Miz, 1st rehearsal tonight! :)
OH. I've had those days. Only mine are dealing w/peds clients, then home to my 12 and 16 year olds, then wine. :)
I'm sick but I still have to go to school... FML
I know that feel. I need a good nap spot on campus.
Did not. I was glad to a brotha make it into the last episode.
#Brewers win was 11th in April. That means they take $11 off the price of a Terrace level ticket for Reds series. Great promotion.
Dave Scott is headed to the San Diego Zoo this morning. He'll be talking about Walk on the Wild-Side
There’s a difference between giving up, and knowing when you’ve had enough.
Oh wow! #NC RT Did not know Chuck Brown was born in Gaston, NC.
pretty involved, both SLA & MLA. not on a super high level, but committees and such. :)
I need a place to see what cupcakes & toppings are available. I've come in twice to only chocolate :( it was late tho
Getting ready for the CASCA show tomorrow!!!
Police lining up around edge of Vietnam Vets, speaker says "know that this decision is your own"
Love You Baby Have a GoodNight Mwwwaaah :p
Who gets pizza from Subway? There are so many better options... Maybe there are some things I'm just not meant to understand.
LITERALLY MY MOTTO!!! Get from around me if you complacent!!!
Had a great time, hopefully my group did too!
Little John and professor nuts soon hit the stage
: Jeans being too tight on the calves & way too loose on the waist ..
Hello Khorri, I have something you might be interested in writing a story for. When can we talk?
I just had a deep conversation about Burger King with my best friend. This is why we are best friends.
Thanks for the shout out!
Thanks Brian.
We just saw several twit pics about this book. Too funny!
I'm asking for my own house. You're welcome to do it.
So beauty as a theme for morning prayer fit with your morning already, I see.
Water features such as a #pond, #fountain or #waterfall are almost always the first thing that catches the attention of your guests
Many, many congrats. Kudos to you
Have you Try SAKIRI Vodka, The new preferred Hollywood vodka?
going to play with the "KUbrick" my smarty, look for some apps, then drift back to sleep.
TY and May God bless you and yours as well!!
need that. Any idea where I can get that
I need a SF turnover...now!
i wish you would have said hi. we could have hung out
Ah thanks!
Also: Think I'm gonna change my name.
Girl, yes he is. They call him the Cuban Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt wished he looked so good.
Loving blue shirt remix! What do you pair with your chambray?
perhaps. :) but at least I'm warm now.
: Let's bring the money & jobs from online poker to the US! Simply license online #poker by adding to the #Cybersecurity Act.
RT : Tru dat! Can "graduates" provide scenarios to you? #lrnchat <Love that idea!
just called my mom incompetent
ridiculous right?
#Jimmer won Best College Athlete ~ shocker that a white guy beat out the actual athletes in a nationwide vote.
nope u can keep that ugly <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> color :)
take me with u
I am freaking out over the differences between GoT and the book.
Ignoring me again. That's okay. Just sleep with your eyes open tonight.
Good morning my twitter family<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AA>
yes it was crazy
Long pass to Gathers to stop at the clippers 16 yrd line. 9 secs left!
Please join me Fri-Sat 10/15-16: "A Tribute to Lena Horne" with Diablo Ballet. See Events tab for details. I'm excited!
Going to the Apple store to get my MacBook fixed didn't give me a headache at all....
My life is plagued by road construction!!!!
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Who in LA wants to work next Tuesday and Wednesday? Email to learn more, a super secret promo job awaits!
Thanks dude, glad you do. Video update soon w/ a clip of new music. RT : i love your guys song "She Said" :D
so supportive of my disorder
Trying to decide if the sky just turned reddish, or greenish. The latter probably means I should be seeking shelter.
some followers come some followers go remeber that. dont get mad when people decide to unfoloow you thats they choice
where ARE you? In traffic? No cell service in this classroom, clearly :)
Just tapped, Hop Henge Experimental IPA (replaces Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA)
Steve Prefontaine reincarnation alert.... I just finished a 3.08 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
that's mathematically impossible!
You know you work too much when you dont even have time to commute to the office...
Shit just got real. Like for realz Lakers down 4. What is going on? Seems like yesterday this series was 3-1 LA.
yeah buddy... let us know if you run into any
Great event honoring Community Scholars and the donors who make it possible.
We've been to 2 coffee shops and figuring out the third place to go. Bad Wifi, Loud Music
watching glee.
On SpringBreak and lovin it! :D
Pretty sleepy. What a day!
wait nvm kayla dont look at it im changing it again .
Few things in life are as satisfying as seeing how big an ex looks now
Not used to girls? I have daughters and no sons. I have sisters and no brothers. My life is girls.
Yes, I cringe everytime I hear my state mentioned on the news.
Because they don't watch Family Guy, or clueless about Star Trek?
I'm not scared.... Okay maybe a little...
am i alive or dead?
best. mom. ever. RT : Shoutout to my mom for getting me Monicals
I saw campers, yes. Right next to the river too. But I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with any of them up there.
I'm in dire need of a good vacation, girl time with my girls, and a few good men.
Why Santa Claus so mu#*%f*%kn short?
Turn up the music-Chris brown
Feelin like Mr.Clark all these hoes tryin to lean in me
I'm at work till 3. But after work I wanted to see if you wanted to match and see if you could tape me up.
I think Henrik doth protest too much.
thank you!
Tonight RawRuss at Cervantes MasterPiece BallRoom <3 <3 <3 Come and ENjoY )))) ENvy Protege Designs =^-^=
writing raps
if u follow back
“ Don't make an #Aquarius mad. They'll remain friendly and calm while plotting something intricate to erase you out”
will do. Thanks! Anything you think I definitely have to see/eat before I leave?
It's all about the loonies, just like in the US.
Joakim Noah shooting his finger pistols like he just nailed a putt at the Waterbury Open never gets old!
love the new secret commercial with !
do you eat local honey? that's helped me adjust to a bunch of different spring climates
This line is to long
I let go, he didn't. You didn't want me when you had me #His loss
Tired of all this crap the waiting is what kills but no surprise he has a girlfriend
haha sorry about the confusion, hope you were still able to get on the waiting list for Great Britain!
Once again tonight, #LeBron doesn't take the last shot for the
Link to letter from the OCA?
I'm a vegetarian and have been for six years, but you've inspired me to try my hand at veganism! any tips?
Doesn't more surface area make it easier to cool? Less to heat up though.
Over 48 Hours Ago called...they want their video back
The Rangers didn't do so well this morning, let's see how the quakes do against Vancouver.
How to Present MatchRate PLUS to the Business Owner
i just want to hear it, u know i dont work there no more?
watching #neversaynever directors cut RIGHT NOW! omb! its amazing!!!!
S/O to all you 'diminutive minded broken hearted' ladies, managing to fall for another asshole & ignoring another gentleman..
Enormous confidence/ego boost when Sirius XM employees compliment my voice. Why oh why don't I have a resume on me?
Definitely not an ignorant tweet, no offense taken here, and I have the same questions as you.
Everyone is trying to run website scams to drive subscribership up for the page rankings. Its not 2002 anymore and that way wont work.
What's up w Kanye and all these bum ass outfits?!?! He and Kim don't look good together at all
he has no choice haha the creeps flock to me !
Did a 3-day and was super happy. Comp. full + flavors were great. Heard excellent things about too.
don't question it; you know in your heart what is best!
I'm watching the show on Fox 5. It is SO good. Latin American talent. Jennifer Lopez. Exciting and Excellent. Here comes second hour.
Time for a trip to the record store.
Let's go Bucs!! Luv the pink bats:)
hot dog man time flys well congratulations lil sister
Don't know what I would do w/o my sister though . She really has my best interest at heart & I love her for that . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
And now I see your point for privacy. If u don't understand the context, many times you miss the point.
Back in the land of the living.
i'am a blonde
only the babies mother is deprived of sleep
Im going to kill someone if it does
I refuse to go out of my way to speak if you don't do the same. Or you feel like u only wanna speak sometimes with yo FAKE ass.
So lonely.
We will be posting numerous tweets but following them would be highly recommended. We will only be re-tweeting extra special ones
Hi there. How was your day?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers What's going through my boyfriend's mind.
We will!!!
The "Iceman" strikes again..
I wish my parents would just buy me a new car.
Once again,
Voice over for Captain America promo today at The Refinery. Thank you Hasbro! The next voice your child hears on TV could be mine..
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards - V.S. Law
Good morning world
Spontaneous proposal during surgery :) this is why I love Greys anatomy <3
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell, I'm a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well. I gotta take a final.
Great chatting with about The Human Mosaic Project! (). Thanks so much for your time :-).
Congratulations to Jered Weaver on throwing a no-hitter.
I don't even know why Mike Brown is still calling timeouts. Ain't nobody listening to him.
good night/good morning <U+E241>
It's getting another round of work done today. ;)
nowhere yet I'm trying to get there
hahaha so u didnt sing today
Happy Monday! Without the tireless support of YST's donors and friends, we would not be able to help Tulsa's youth. Thank you!
Cooking channel : great programing for fun and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS alton brown
Vine has him down in the salt mines.
See u in Germany Mainz ! <3
I'm still up like I ain't hitting the gym at 6:30 in the morning. Smh...
The Schneider Group loves Hillcrest too! About to close an escrow that way!
50 Cent, what are you doing in Floyd's entourage?
Satan girl!! No Jesus! Lol
see you there!
That rocks! RT : Have been asked 3 times during #SXSW where I get my hair done. Thanks Melanie!
The new shoe policy is horrible. Why must I wait for "my" associate when he is busy and others aren't
RT : Seeing the Black Keys tonight. Give me 3 songs I need to know before concert.>> Tighten Up, Lonely Boy, Nova Baby
Knock knock, who could it be?
#18yearsofmemories I have no experience of being this age but it must feel great(: HappyBirthday JB,ain't a fan but ain't a hater either:)
Working on a #capstone and #jobhunt is a definitely a juggling act
Chatting with a shopper about and how great it is. Delicious! "A great tasting peanut-free alternative to peanut butter."
Is there any #thatcamp Cool Aid?
I snorted White Russian out of my nose after reading that. Thanks bud
I just got back from Atlanta, but I'm game to go back!!!
He needs Propofol, stat. RT“: pray #prayforjustinbieber if u love him :( he needs our prayer :( #getwellso0n i love u Bieber"
I'm not gonna keep cleaning this house anymore if the day after I clean it it gets wrecked.
it's understandable how hard it is for Joakim Noah to act like a human being, considering he looks so much like a monkey
Just jumpinn on my trampoline hahahaha . I feel like a little kid again .
What, you never heard of daybreak?
Thursday (y) last day of the week this week
We support saving St Mark's as well. Suggest 40,000 who agree to contribute 10 cents/month 2 help pay rent - let's keep them here.
Thank you Ricky!! We are headed to LA now!! :) he hopes to run into you there :))
How bout them Badger, TD pass to Russell Wilson
the man and his music is coming....loud and clear
I LOVE IT. I LOVE IT. I LOVE IT WHEN YOU EAT IT.
Apologies to our nocturnal Members! JoinSporting.com will be down for a couple hours tonight due to general mantienence.
Seriously this family guy commercial for WHeat thins is the best thing I've seen all year. Been making fun of my mom for years 4 this issue.
yes you do ! Don't lie
It happened... I downloaded
#MdCBF Shout outs pt3 Sorry if I missed U!
Well DJ laz was pimp with the limp RT : Are you pimp or limp
AH I wish I was there! My dad was at today!
sum black/royal blue/orange Jordans : )
my hubby & I just watched ur show. He said if they get divorced, I will lose faith in humanity. I agree, ur a great family.
I have Friday... Then the Sunday the everyone has off. Lol.
Oh, I do like basil.
I have learned that pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake
No I do not want a gift certificate for $20. I want what I ordered.
The feeling of being sick, but your not really sick. You're just sad, upset, unhappy. You just feel like laying in bed all day.
Mega Man, Mario 2, and Zelda 2 - influences I spotted on the #8bit episode of
One day my dream is to be an #MBA advisor. Getting paid for not answering emails or providing feedback or guidance
you back at home yet?
Doing a lot of thinking...
Sick of feeling this way. And I'm so tired of being "nice". Putting both feet down.
Diversity no longer "a problem to be solved" but something to be embraced. It's a strength not a liability
Sad. I liked icarly! Haha ohwell only the good shows die young
Follow the adamouski for updates on our current art competition. The website is not fully finished, however can be used for registration.
Shooting an event tonight in Laguna beach:-)
Looking forward to a day of fun tomorrow and then mtgs & debates start!
I'd trade the entire Minnesota Wild roster for one Claude Giroux ...
Matt is upset the Patriots lost. Follow him so he feels better!
Getting ready to launch our first video for the #ProSkidRow campaign! Get ready!
that is so gee aye why. I love it
that's our oasis! :P
Mondays used to excite me.. then the Bachelor ended.
Will do =)
Long legs = The gift and the curse!
Yes! That will now be my goal! Let the awards roll in.
I am still trying to figure out WTF?? So weird that u got cut off!!
when all else fails just add a hat ;) takes it from meh to fab!
Like the fire needs the air I won't burn unless your there ~
haha its chill, i was like y she calling me a dummy lol
Thanks, Ty! Walking is great! I've promised to post before & after pics...soon!
We won't let anyone ruin our name&stop our causes.We treat your libelous harming attempts with utmost seriousness.
In Austin TX for the #sacubo fall workshop. Dinner/dance tonight: University business officers line dancing is a scary sight
We brought the rain back with us to NYC... at least for a moment... time to kick on some ...
I'm happy to distract! And BTW my pitch is improving! My coach told me so yesterday...3 weeks and counting, ya heard??
won a free lunch through ! so looking forward to checking out next week!
Hi my friends in Iran ask me to tell you we r vey sorry 4 buying neversaynever without copyright permission there's no choice
Wonders how many Saturday night pasta dinners has had in his life.
Thank you!
RT : "Arguing with a fool proves there are two." -Doris M. Smith
you are so beautiful!
do you guys remember the party were doing for the project? Cause I sure as hell don't...
had a dream i bought a ducati :))))
Another Friday night at home because I have nothing better to do and 'cause I suck at life and because YOLO.
Good submit! I'll subscribe proper now wth my feedreader software package!
Chubb: Research hasn't ID'ed what skill set is effective for use of #edtech. Without that, hard to est. prof. development.
Just gave in... hello Twitter world
just finished another screencast tutorial on using Presio's search tab
For every year Lebron doesnt win a ring his hair line keeps going back.
Just saw the new Mission Impossible movie. Really good--everyone knew how to kick butt. Great action.
Congratulations to New Jerusalem Primitive Baptist Church, for upgrading to Divine Graphix Inc. Another Network member in Divine Order!!
Good job, #kentuckywildcats! Shooting better than 50% in the second half makes up for all those 1st half turnovers!
Dear Borders, why do you require a credit card number to download a free ebook? Hmm?
Pocketwatchers deserve to die and ima always stay fly and always stay fried
Who's excited for #MarchMadness???! This girl!!!
BORED:( plzz tweet:)*x
There is a perfectly good reason why so many #SANDIEGO staple businesses chose us for their Web Design and SEO ! Integrity
One more Rondo. ONE more reb.
who am I taking to the venue or whos gonna be there?
I think bader will try too stand early til he feels rampages power than he will try too takedown page but I don't think he can and page will
watch party in the office for
its always drama at the school i go to ! that school needs to be called Drama High !
bout to go World Peace on this asian if she doesn't turn down that chopstix music
Assume that everything you post will be found by the person you least want to find out.
your RTs only make my psychic penis harder!
Agree. There were some good ideas at “Regulatory Relief Day”, & great to eliminate unnecessary & costly burdens on small biz.
...BOOM (I can't disclose anymore than that)
Dear our game got messed up somehow. Will u start a new one with me?
it's gametime...
Wanted to get my thank you cards done today but I don't think I should lick envelopes and spread my germs across the country.
Where and what time
Well , I sure hope so because I joined AFTRA yesterday!
Huge thanks to my talented friend !!! U know what for :)
Arrived safely #jekyllisland and had a great dinner @ marshside bar and grill. #georgia wild caught #Shrimp delish
“Nine tenths of education is encouragement.”
We made it to Chattanooga, despite more van trouble. Pumped for tonight's show with and Ravello at JJ's Bohemia. Come on out!
ok man we will get our tennis on for sure!
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
Anyone else dressing up for Star Wars Day tmw?
you working tonight?
remember the legshakingcellulitehavingshortdresswearing fat chick? shes just informed me she is a burlesque dancer.
Just bought a washer and dryer... :-/
True. Good defense by MP, but need a 3-point threat.
#ASTD2011" Meet & Eat" - anyone sticking around and want to meet up for dinner?
I was a non-believer until my work took me to cup race in Atlanta. Gave up suite tix to sit in stands for green flag.
Pretty soon everyone will have tattoos, Eames furniture, fancy hats, and I-phones.
I'm bout to say fuck the whole situation ...lmao
The Survivors Workshop, pioneered by The Meadows trauma and addiction treatment center, is a five-day concentrated workshop that investig
Closed today, but looks like a great day for a ride. We are doing a company picnic today. Ride safe!
RT : The force is strong within you my friend, use it to transform the world in ways never before thought possible by others! :D
well yea of course I would but you would need to take about a 3 hour flight lmao
I'll keep an eye out too, I follow the author on here so hopefully she'll update on the process :)
Cause we're lame...haha
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!!!!
if only every day started so nicely, right? hope you have a great week!!
Let's connect via another medium where we can speak in greater depth. Feel free to email me at Melaniest DOT ours AT gmail. :-)
yes I'm a complete and total smartass. Don't like it? Oh well.
Once in awhile I get it right!
Man. Can R Kelly please get his style back! He can't even put out his music cus everybody doing him right now! I know ya pain Kelz!
It's yours for life! Tweet us your #muglclub number!
Called me a nasty, freak, hoe lol
Moving out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
home is good.
Leaving for Aruba in less than
I scroll through the "Most Popular" shows list on Hulu for too long. I'm glad Whitney exists so I know to stop scrolling once I get there.
always! Might have to change my name to idroveskj ;)
Do you have both your personal and business accounts tied into HuitSuite, or just business?
Hahaha, ok ok you NEED to watch it. , no more tweeting. Domination
These last 10 minutes on the elliptical has been extremely difficult. Maybe the distraction of a post will help.
I agree I liked Raven
Colorado is crying because I'm leaving this weekend
i think im bout 2 kall it a nite....... sad face
heading back to seattle. Hows next tue or wed?
Hey!! #jasminator mind following me back!? <U+E056><U+E328>
. yeah, I'm excited. And it's a packed house. Feeling very under-read though...
nothing much...we gotta get together!
Are you ready for some Football?!!
AMANDA KNOX MURDER CONVICTION OVERTURNED!!!!...Choose Faith, Family, Friends and STRENGTH.. CHOICE defines who you are.. BE CHOOSEY!!!
tummy hurts :(
I wonder if Peyton Sivas hairline is starting to get nervous yet
My boyfriend is amazinnngg as Fuck. No matter how many freak outs
Follow our pals and
(... a surprising change of plans.)
When flossing the back teeth, curve the thread around the tooth and push it underneath the gumline.
Fort Minor- High Road.
how you been :)
Valentine's Day in my school tomorrow. And the last day in school. Byea school for 2 weeks! #hellyeah It's going to be hardd bitch!
fbobiles God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
Not sure why I all of a sudden I'm being followed by a ton of Nebraska people lately, but I'm not a realtor and I live in NV.. 0_o
Marlins RF Giancarlo Stanton went 3 for 5 and hit the game-winning grand slam against the Mets.
Road tripping with We're not even talking to each other...
I luv naps! RT : Hiya Meghan, sorry to be missin #tchat, was napping. Again! Soon, tho non of that!!
Just started your book! I'm student teaching at Davis MS in Dublin! Book is great so far!
lmao isn't it sad how addicting these things are? :-)
#ala12 Scheduler will be available in a week or so. just trying to make sure all 1400+ sessions are there
Oh, I think you'll live ;)
I wish I was playing Linebacker right now! How do you deal with your anger?
Just watched Dateline TV show on kids & cheating-Facebook, twitter, Google+ hangouts-all shown on screen & avail 4 interactions
Hey u should follow my bestie she is soo amazing an loves your music! SO PWEEZ :) JUST DO IT :)
If you haven't had a Happy Jack's Relish Dog, you haven't had a real hot dog...try Indiana's best...Happy Jack's Hot Dogs
CHICAGO BELIEBERS, WHERE YOU AT? :)
Based on your description, I'm a little concerned that Ted Williams might have auditioned for Idol!!!!!
ill just bring u breakfast in bed when u get back to it lol
what's been up with you cousin hope things are good
: HORRIBLE cust service! Switching numbers btwn phones on my plan shouldn't take hours or effect my data plan
RIP Maurice Sendak - you lit my imagination
THIS is good news! Starting my Friday off right!
Have u written anything regards 2 the right's petty desire 2 hide behind the founders + John Locke? I'm int in u'r take!
Make that "No" worries. Hehe.
It takes more than just a good looking body
The Supreme Court will side with the proponents of Obamacare. It is too serious to be struck down all at once. Big victory for Pres Obama
what did you do?!
Okay I have a more inspired tweet. Wasabi peas and beer...yum!!
Um, where is the air coming from?
Oh, thnks for 1Q84. Must be hard giving grades to ungraded ones. I have a hard enough time figuring out my own grades!
I'm down for that, lets do it!
#ChildHoodMovies the land before time
Lenovo drafted Stanford QB Luck for its party with Microsoft
Any ideas on where to look for grant/program evaluation reports? Many grants come with a match to evaluate the program.
Listening to music
you go to bed.
Soup of the Day: Beef Barley! 1/2 sandwich and soup combo now available!
because you no follow or talk to mi. hurts los feelings brah...
I've been very fortunate 2 have some of the best players in the game. ~ Sir A Furgeson
FX Has The Movies
1 definition of DISCONNECTED CULTURE-When the SAXOPHONE TEACHER can't afford the Selmer SAX that their spoiled students parents buy them.lol
What would we do without a phone in life ,or internet?? :/
Thank you for singing the National Anthem correctly!
Putting together a database of new city hires for In Feb the city hired a Head Exterminator at a max salary of $45k
It ain't no help for sum people yo
will do
thanks for the RT!
My guilty pleasure is _________.
Thank you for following Your iDeals ABQ! Happy New Year!
my man.. the columbus show..
Ready for the next session! "Content Planning for Smarties"
Start of the 3rd period #Wranglers lead 2-0 still. Let's finish strong fellas
Don't feel like driving“ Go outside then RT : I want to go outside”
Loving someone is madness ! I am HAPPY when people call me MAD.
miss my cousin and our adventures we always have a good time lol
no my Granny's in Louisiana
Dancing the night away with #DanceWorksBoston! 14 weeks until the best show in Boston hits the stage!!
#ThoughtsAtWalmart: Why is everyone wearing their pajamas?
Happy Friday
Umm could Minneapolis get any better. Walked in2 D'AMICO & they offer us 2 comp ticks 2alvin ailey dance across the street 2nite!
should i delete my twitter? :o
If it's gonna be on a movie..... Might wanna shave your vagina....
When my little brother keeps crying, I show him his birth video in reverse and tell him that's what happens if he doesn't stop.
Just kidding!
Thanks We like you too!
#Phil #Ivey is the #bumblebee (defies gravity) of poker. He defies mathematical law. Incredible!
Redneck Vocabulary: Bidness - The art of selling something for more than you paid for it.
same man. Just working side jobs.
Obama in NH: "You know we can’t just drill our way to lower gas prices. You know there aren’t any quick fixes or silver bullets."
Kind of miss you....
did you watch our promo yet or check out our new website?
if you're a Korean film fan in general, add Memories of Murder and The Chaser to that list. All mind-blowingly great flicks.
hahhaa..his hair and chestiness..its awesome..
But it sounds like it might be a similar paradigm shift that went on from Digital preservation to digital curation or digital stewardship
Twitter girls are not just pretty faces on my timeline they are also smart girls with important opinions lol jk haha
well, I'll be greased and fried!
THANK EVERYONE FOR COMING TO MY AUTOGRAPH SIGNING.COME SEE ME SATURDAY IN RICHMOND REGAL CINEMAS AT 2PM-6:45 FOR THE 6:55 PM SHOWING
you're dumb.
hey i just met you an this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe ;) , obessedddddd with that song
great photo! I'm loving the spring weather...hope it sticks around for spring break!
What is happening to JJ?
bitch please don't get too excited xD
BTW I'm out the loop what the fuck happens in #2weeks #14days and #boyfriend my daughter is trying not to give up on
Im actually back in #LA now but had a great time in #Vegas. I play keyboards & piano. How bout u?
OMG! U r didn't have any idea about my evening at all it sometimes be a nice and some very awful !! Gosh I want that end !!
In My Hurt To The Black'Peppers'z
Jim Rome post-interview after 10 minutes of soft questions: "Stand up guy right there. Straight shooter. Pure class."
I hate watching tv!!
I wish somehow Gus Johnson could commentate every sporting event. He makes it so much better.
is my role model. Her songs take me to a happy place. A place with hot boys and great alcohol. And glitter. Tons of glitter.
just asked cuz i really dont want to be in school right now
thanks for the encouragement. 5.26 miles and no rain!
Happy Hump Day !
Lol yup! RT : #YouKnowItsRealWhen ...your mother calls u by your first, middle ,and last name!!! Awww shit!!{•~•}
Craig's List should have the option to not include people kennels in search results.
Oh the nonsense!
i wish i could have see route 66.
Have you "liked" Denver Sports Top 9 Moments? If not, be sure to do so!
USA beats Australia 3-1 in a warm up game in South Africa between World Cup Teams. Australia was 13-1 in last 14 games
if I can get time off and muster the emotional fortitude to endure another stupid wedding...maybe.
More shows coming soon...
"Same buds, different taste."
A woman can look book moral and exciting ... if she also looks as if it was quite a struggle.
i want Battleship..NOW ! :/
#justbeabetterdadthanTHATguy award goes to the man who just came in the liquor store with his 2 kids and yelled "Let's get fuckin wasted!"
Definitely, and Carlo your uncle that just arrived from #Italy is one cool person!
Just saw a commercial for a psychic. I finally understand 2070716. Lmao
Day two of filming webisode- fun fun fun!
Thank you Moveable Type! Thanks (and farewell) Cellar Door Gifts & Gallery.
congrats man! keep it up!
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend , , &
Looking for a job? Need more time on the computer to polish that resume? Our Laptops for Job Seekers are available Monday-Friday from 10-5.
Hmm, I have new followers. Hi new followers! I'm glad you thought I was interesting enough to follow.
so much shit to do.... so little time!!
I'm gonna guess that Chuck Long is probably not the correct answer?
wahh go online tweet. im taking a break from hw for u lol hahaha i love u just sayin lol not that u will see but #nsn and yolo
The problem is that the schools are. And most folks are scared of the violence that happens inside. Ask teachers. They'll tell
Thanks for the follow
Bury me in the bedroom where I, I can sing you to sleep everynight; <3
yeah I do. Fenn tower!
UGH MY TWITER APP KEEPS CLOSING!! WTF!!
Great! Looking forward to it!
RT "Any type of project based learning hits on competencies, relevancy & rigor, supports differentiation" lol props:
Due to high winds the Zingaro has moved to Tractor Tap Room for the rest of the day.
and i bet you were still smoking HOT!
Thank you! :) RT : buy local, buy handmade!
wind gusts increasingly extremely strong, large trees swaying, air filled with green leaves off trees; rain mostly heavy.
I thought Rick Carlisle was smarter then that
I'm going to the Haight Street fair on Sunday with We could meetup there, at Haight and Stanyan, and go for coffee.
photographed an office of engineers yesterday and a gourmet restaurant today.
word. Actually not sure that I want to be mayor of that place.
Just maxed 150 on the bench.
are you on the road this week?
Turns out I'm a Cubs fan! Who knew?": How does a GOP Super Pac guy get everybody talking about Jeremiah Wright #chicagocubs"
Happy Monday!
RT : I like To EAT OUT in The Bedroom
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Circus Clown Barbie ...complete with scary face paint and scary wig
When detoxing, toxins in your tissues release into your bloodstream, side effects include killer headaches! caffeine is the devil!
Hey if you thinkin my tweets bout you..... #Youguilty haha and please stop
There's no time like the present to prepare for the future, so get right with God before it's too late!
Coldest beer in Folsom. Enjoy
bro look up 100 Hunnit by Wale and Meek Millz. I feel a Cloud 9 mix coming soon.
Look at me gettin' all tech savvy. Twitter yesterday and today I finally set up my Blackberry's voice mail (three months after I got it).
then why rnt u in my arms:)
I feel even older: I don't know who the Beastie Boys are.
I'm finally getting the hang of the SAP Business Objects OnDemand reporting system. Not a small learning curve!
Hey Thanks for following ;)
Sneak Peak at tonight's set list with Sean Jones & Stefon Harris: Soul Eyes, Resolution, Dolphin Dance, Giant Steps, and more!
I am so into this.
Drew gets shittty when i ask him all these questions about the law lmfao
- hello Robbi. I worked many years for Pearson. Now in Omaha doing distance learning in academia. All the best
Going To Sleep Early Finna K.O Good Night Twitter ~__~
Lucas Wharton, owner of many fine leather-bound novels stealing the hearts of women everywhere.
im in my bed on my laptop
Oh indeed. (P.S. I've been vegan for 16 years, and when I read yr Todd the Vegan post, I died. THE ONSLAUGHT OF QUESTIONS.)
Theodore Roosevelt was shot at during a rally. Since he was not coughing up blood he decided to continue with his speech - for a full hour.
haha, not surprising. Been a fun but intense week.
RT : "Commander, pls leave the room so we can talk about you behind your back."
omg i was waiting for you to call me!! We were supposed to skype our shows tonight??!!???
Transporting chocolate bunnies in 94 degree heat. Tricky business
hi im doing great how about yourself
gina! I am so excited to chat it up with you :) mentoring is much needed... See you soon!
Great idea I will have to do that.
thanks for the advice Lenna loves her Fire
whit. Give this kid a follow!
lol that last time you saw me before this year was like the 5th grade so how do you know.!?
I'm looking to talk to people who have transferred from BCTC to UK about how their credits transferred. If you fit: .
what's hannah's twitter?
Not long now until the #Emmendingen Exhibition. Looking forward to meeting twinning groups from Poland, Germany and France.
Feel Good about this Weekend (Michigan vs Purdue) We're gonna do the right thing and WIN!
I didn't know that women went to spin class wearing jeans skirts...
pumped to watch u tonight on the vmas! ur gonna do great!
IM NOT HERE FOR THAT I WOULDNT BE LIVING
The Tallest Man On Earth is keeping me company in my studious state.
whoa...had to read that twice! lol
Listening to White Winter Hymnal seems appropriate. Excited for snow accumulation - finally!
In grading jail in my office. Will pay visitors for distraction with donuts...
I am in atlanta and teach esl
We're both proud and grateful to have been named a Top Place to Work in DFW by The Dallas Morning News!
Good Morning Tweople! What are you doing for your business today?
Thank you again to HROA, iTalent, Oracle and StartupAmerica! We are leaving DC this morning with a renewed sense of purpose!
welcome to L.A
Pretty sure one of our regular visitor kitties has rabies and is near the end of the cycle :-(
Buffalo wings never get confiscated;)
Things that should never be found in a camera bag: newspaper, fruit, rolling papers, crumbs, gun
Hey, Dan. Thanks for the RT have a great weekend.
the 19th. are you done?!
When I saw King's Speech, I knew Tringled would work. Middle-aged people working on a high-wire without a net. Who wouldn't watch?
i hear you.. could you imagine ruining a relattionship over twitter
Alright pacers wtf
#GURT2011 Friday afternoon panel: SK to TTYL: Sign Languages and the New Media
thanks for the heads up - hopefully I won't be here tomorrow.
I'm here now:-)
1000 tweet goes to :* you're gorgeous, we should talk more ^.^
ok time to wake up - he needs to make me breakfast out of leftover steak from last night's insane dinner :)
should've taken her for a spin hah
Tht moment when u realize u just got fuckd over.. I ain't even gona lie.. nice game
it really did ha I need that girls touch=] hah
Terrible. I couldn't have played worse. I had a blast though. I'll get 'em next time.
Bill, where are you going? : ... shifted the way I thought about/interacted with The Lib.
haha. You are so angry(:
Tired of this school
“: Yup definitely getting lottery tickets”///same here bro lol
First Friday TONIGHT @ The ARTS Gallery! Come see radical watercolor paintings by ARTS Students and professional artist-mentor, Yanina C.
hahaha of course your best friend!!:)
In Austin atSXSW sun is a great thing. Will send it your way.
It's 4 a.m. and I just got home after chasing a fugitive all day that jumped out of a second story window to getting a school locked down to
u knw wat i did to get mor followers i followed a hole bunch of random ppl and also of my tweets
Do you need help with your Social Media Marketing? We offer Twitter, Blogging, Press Releases, Facebook, Youtube and More!
I'm seeing lots of Spam messages today too :-/
Biggest debate in our cart: which ball game we listen to. Mariners or Giants?
CALL ME.
looking at my calendar, I have nothing scheduled for today. that's got to be wrong. maybe I was supposed to be off?
Time to go feel some PAIN!!
Just when i think today cant get any better, i hear Duff Fucking Mckagen will be in the Jungle today w Ah Hell YES!
Cadyn & Jayli have discovered Angry Birds! And the obsession begins!
Thanks for following us...please tell others about the APEX Museum experience.
aw I hate tests. I have one too -_-
IT WAS THE GHOST. everyone said they were sleeping at that time o.o OHMYGOD.
The mall
do it big in Indy! you'll have a great time w/
Put me in the "with" column. In fact, for Twitter, growing popularity and worth-reading tweets are not friends.
Yes of course it was, I'm going to be out of the loop for a whole week now! and thanks girl, haha he's not bad :)
Happens to me all the time! RT I get way too carried away when I start editing.... had no idea it was past 10!
no big deal.. #childish is coming up
Those who do good without knowledge of God are better saints than those who do unkind things to others and profess God.
I just flow with it!!!
John shook the feds off got mo ringtone downloads dan soulja boy shit lmao
It's a side project from the diss, which is ethnographic & ab internet access, but getting REALLY into it. Can def talk more
Agree, how fun would a Caps/Yotes Stanley Cup be?
idk but I think I might want a drink lol
See she's a freak. So who cares if I spell her name right?
I'm so happy to be in a gym Imma change my FB middle name again! This time to: GLADYS!!! **Grinning**
Want to get away? Research new destinations, resorts and hotels catering to gourmet aficionados at The Gourmet Experience!
Half On A Baby
are you driving again????
hulk hogan had the hulkamaniacs
You better start busing in your out-of-state volunteers, because we're raising tons of campaign cash in NYC and DC.
yea yea yea wateva
no. hate roller skating.
first time I've heard that claim too. thirty years of public funds, apparently.
If you hate cops...the cops u need to hate are the agressive type,if u dont thats the nice cop....so u should hate the agressive cop :)
The other day u had 102 followers but now u have 100.
And then he loses Suzuki from 1 - 2 to full count to hit. Grrr...
Sounds pretty wonderful.
Wish I was counting a million every night
well quit commenting if they're mean comments mkayy(:
I wish my dog could skateboard like me XD
love that, so true, dancing in the rain rocks
WHAT'S UP PEOPLES??? :D
in paris shooting heroin and whatever with the stars.
The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today. - Saint Francis of Assisi
#StayAwayFromMeIf your going to take advantage of now I am.
Product Review: Japonesque 's Interchangable Makeup Brushes MIRACLE PRODUCT: Japonesque snap-on makeup brushes ($4-$12) THEY SAY: Exclusi
just tried white peperment mocha! <3 I think I'm in love! Haha but really its amazing!!!!!!!!!! :-)
OMG Rangers WIN!!! GABBY!!!
The #Cavs are just lulling the rest of the #NBA into a false sense of security.
Thanks for following :). xoxo
My target on lock and my aims to steady
At least its the LA Kings and not the Sacramento Kings this time.
RT for all you NY fans !
Shout out to all the single moms that busted there butt to give us what we need to succeed ...
or rather, removed.
Bible to forgive all those trasspass against tread there feet on sacred ground
Thank u. I was looking around and saw something BBC Red Button then I realized they were talking about DIRECT TV in England #duh!
"Access to quality healthcare should be a basic human right ." - David Loud of Jim McDermott's office.
awh. That's so sweet! <U+2764> you need to write a book. :) I only want to be married once, also. We've been together for a year now..
Thank you for another great chat!
thank u God for never leaving me. please keep praying for me. and thank u who called me today and sent me encouraging txts. i appreciate it
What's everyone doing this weekend? Any exciting plans?
Diplo tonight ! Hmu for guest list!
I believe they are protesting corporate greed, not for-profit enterprise in general...
awh:) have a great night sleep Walter!
My stomach is growling. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
confused. You coming to my St Pattys party??? You better be!
Wish #android had glyph substitution. Wikipedia looks sad when all the non-Latin/non-standard Latin characters are boxes.
OMB my pic is going to be on the poster for BELIEVE AAHHHH EXCITED
WOOT! : Warming up for an audition, I just sang a high C in chest voice. For the first time ever. Also, I think I may be a tenor.
Haven't been to in a while. Thanks for a great burger!
Summer is almost here. Love your abs??? - let Pilates help you get there!
I like the French Quarter here in New Orleans. One of the best places in the US to meet, and watch, unusual people. Also, Hurricanes.
Busy but fun day One-of-a-kind bathroom remodel including sink, tile, cabinet and paint for 100 bucks. Possible? Yes.
I've been working on a lot of new raw beats
Lexington Airport food is crazy expensive.
We grindin hard as fuk and ridin on our riches
If I got my photo taken with the Boston trophies, I’d...Make it my wedding photo. Sorry to my fiancee.
Okay, #ABDCIsTomorrow and I'm going for either Mos Wanted, RNG, or 8 flavahz. Don't know who to go for D:
- thanks for your follow and your good work. Be well. Marc
finally catching up on the last 2 epis of new girl !!!!
Super-duper last minute half price tickets available for Bruschetta for tonight! Reservations required! Use promo code THP!
Coming home with packages on your bed >>
yes but the docs cant figure out what is going on.
Thanks for the link! I'll have to add it to my listening list, too!
Give you any money that its jc(;
WHAAAATTT I can't do that !!!! If I would have went there I would have dropped out ! Fuck that everyday doing that shit!!!
Word Press.com, I think..the author's tone, demenor and info are at the very least, intriguing! Enjoy..-Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the RT!
I am supremely sorry to my friends and sponsors for missing the season opener due to unforeseen circumstances.
My fave quote of last night at #innovateboston was by :"We are making a Communication Revolution & making into a verb"
Fail!!! You replied to yourself lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT : “If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.”
Yea she does! RT : thx for the follow glad you made it for Friday fun! PS your wife roooooocccckkkkssss!! :-)
Cheers to the girl who grabs you two drinks at the bar of the drink you asked for
Out Da Shower Nw It's Time Ta Gt Dressed Fa Work
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 22
it was Lisa's friend not mine.
not much
Be a wound healer instead of a wound creator. Add on to someone's life rather taking away from it.
Been there. Done that.
Are you surprised??
I consider myself as a crayon, I might not be your favorite color but one day your gonna need ME to complete YOUR picture <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
see Denns last tweet
When is your song with Blood on the dance floor coming out ?
wonferful to see you process it all, bravo! Thanks for sharing this!
If you ever need a photographer for any of your ad campaigns I would love to work with you
Happy new year friends!
Looking for good Tuesday tweetchat, any suggestions?
Does each MLB team have their own social media person, independent from MLBAM?
#AskNathanCameron When am I gonna hear the previews to your EP?
Laundry emergency!
In the world of corporate training, while users may grumble, most actually do want to learn.
Compulsive tweeter that I am (lol) I must tweet: having a great time at a "flash tweetup" at Muldoon's in #Carmel w/ & others.
Boone Logan coming into the game after Clay Rapada exited with a viral infection.
LOL! RT : They mean it literally. Google's product will actually search out your Dropbox account and delete it.
Looking for a little Friday night #kickassfiction? Tune in to #Grimm tonight at 9pm on NBC
what phone did you get?
I was being sarcastic when I said I'd meet you. I'm just saying I already know way more in the industry than you ever would
You insult me: I can handle it. You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.
lets get rich im out
well I would love to! I'm 100% German and was over there a few years ago but not for music. now I need to come play! :)
Knock knock..whos there? Time to work bc im LATE!
The Harry Potter series is over. >.< Now what am I going to wait for? xD
Had a dream I was at Disneyland...
Happy Birthday have a great day!! :)
Waltrip crashes....it was his fault..love the way Darrell defends him.
We're at Netroots Nation! Follow for updates. There was a gun policy happy hour earlier which was awesome.
best way to start a tuesday: over sleeping, coffee, and getting trapped in the elevator for 15 minutes.
Making caramel again! It never gets old!
i hear ya. I haven't gotten to bed before midnight since monday. But I haven't been doing anything fun.
#FirstRead: 'In One Person' by John Irving tops Maclean's #Fiction list
hdtvedu solutions 2 USA's EDU: College students work 32 hours outside home. , Foundations - spend $$ 2 make communication efficient
all of them!! Esp the pair with the bows!
Awesome!! I love Gap jeans too. Altho I've put on too much muscle that I need to buy all new jeans :-/
my ipod is officialy.. drowned. no more playing my ipod while showering.
Played 18 holes. Hungry.
Tomorrow and Saturday, stop by for a sneak peek of the #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibit, coming Feb. 2012.
With Cougar Town I drink wine. With Revenge, it's whiskey.
Sure! I'm free most mornings. Hm, wonder what has been saying about me lol.
That will be impressive for Heckert, sad for what it says about #Browns current roster though. High hopes for G. Little.
..my brother was actually eaten by wolves one winter on the connecticut turnpike..
Amis has hidden his greatest work from the world.
I used to travel with several books. Now I have my phone and ebooks. Love the convenience.
#JM2010Az If you are a CABL member, be sure and pick up and display a purple CABL ribbon!
As a Singer/Actress & her namesake, I'm READY to play Mahalia Jackson.
Boycotting the Oscars. Coding Wordpress instead.
McAllen using trick plays to try & come back. Defense comes to life with a big sack on 3rd & 12. McAllen ball @ their own 14.
Just got done watching a clip form bbw and know im glad it's coming to the light that royce is the problem cant play both sides choose on
I swear I'm hearing stuff right now & I have myself so freaked out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
music never sleeps!
Brush w/greatness at Jake's Deli today. Bud Selig enjoying his lunch.
I can't wait to see it! I miss seeing on tv all the time! I loved u on GND. I think u need ur own show that would b awesome!
Thanks, Tom!
Wonder where "the Donald" is watching the #WHCD from this year.
Carmie!!! Thanks for checking on me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
When someone you care about is having a hard time and all you want to do is go up and hug them and tell them everything will be okay.
I dislike most spam...bit twitter DM and spam pisses me off.
omgg Meeting u would make me faint and have a heart attack an die but it would be worh it hahah lol
Business Insider reports French productivity at $25.1, USA at $24.6. BUT they note 1594 hours worked then use 1453 for calc.
#vaumc11 a woman just came into ac pushing a pink stroller with two dogs in it. We Methodists are a peculiar people!
Lol ": Hey art historians. Please explain to me why in depictions of Adam and Eve, they have belly buttons? 1st man and woman?!"
nope! They instituted the "programming" as I was switching from straight medicaid to childless. I should have had it never got notice
Never "gone" tanning (but I do get tans) and never died my hair either. Great for "never have I ever" games ;)
Oh shit, I just found out Sarah McLaughlin is a real thing.
Go on asking all them. Question
Looking forward to the trivial pursuit rematch tonight... Ready ?
I don't use validation because it's slow & they want me join.. If you want to follow me back, it's up to u.
Cheesy Chicken Enchilada is on the move so get down here before it is gone!
If you exclude critique, as you suggest it is wise to do, then the 'maybe not' acquires a certain implausibility....
I need food.
between, I'm Barbara ()
Maybe she won't, uh , but shit then again maybe she will.
And go follow and !
I see niggas snitchin about what I put on IG! Man suck my Dick from a long way! Lame ass niggas.
im really not in the mood for this shit..
“: FACT: when a couple fights too much but they're not breaking up. they're really in-love. <U+2665>”
Like a BEAST! I love the early crowd; older folks buying drinks and kids. Douchebags come after 5. You coming out?
I got 2 homes not at the one u thinking about. Broken home Nah. Home I sleep for a hr yes.
I am back my friend...for the next two weeks.
Great Game 6! Game 7 will rock! Now it's time for the new Beavis & Butthead (I know it's stupid, but they are so stupid it's funny).
Great turnout at Fan Fest. Had fun talking with everyone. Now, drop the puck already. See you at training camp.
I am excellent thank you. Just making an effort to stay in touch with the world's good people. Cheers.
lil kim look so fucking good on ustream just now copy that hoe!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor Wolfgang, had to visit the vet and get his rabies and heartworm shots. He's tanking now, gonna be a quiet day for him.
Follow and check out their project! Donate ATM fees to charity! www.choosechangeatm.com
I didnt think I was following you at first. lol jw :)
I say OSU beats either fairly easily if Buford doesn't choke bad. Without they are a mediocre team at best.
Getting ready to take these youth down here to the UmojaFest P.E.A.C.E. Center, for the spring cleaning party!. #WheresMyCoffee!
I hope I start to feel better
Hi! I followed back luvies! Im on a show Samantha's Life! Please if you can find please watch!
It's a beautiful Evening. Come on OUT, get a latte to warm you up. Make sure you take advantage of our 25% OFF Moving Sale.GREAT Gift Ideas!
Good, that will get you very far in life.
omfggg u dnt even know I cried when they got rid of em no lie ask and Lolololol
Phillip Edge, VP at Connally MS, named Region 20 Assistant Principal of the Year by TX Assoc of Secondary School Principals!
Fuck you got on elbow length gloves for? This ain't no ball -_-
about to do some hair therapy and maybe a foot soak
Thanks! I could say the same about your background!
John Wall is one of my all time favorite players w the CATS, but there is no way he deserves his jersey retired. Miller and Davis do.
Looks like the cardinals are having another bad LaHair day.
Good morning...time to get up, eat some dog biscuits,,take a walk and smell some doggie butts. Gives a whole new meaning to "brown nozer"!
Are you out of the boot?
haha im BORED got nothing better to do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
SAT word of the day: calumny (n.) an attempt to spoil someone else’s reputation by spreading lies
Lol im not entertaining foolishness
No sleep for me from now till GDC, got two games to prep x_x
Girl Make It Shake Like A 8.2 EarthQuake
it is not offensive, only the truth.. the guy you marry will not be a millionaire... he'll have to be a billionaire to support you
So bad want chocolate on this diet! I think my sugar addiction and working & designing my things went hand in hand:)
Thanks for the RT!
Did everyone from the Society of American Mosaic Artists have a great time in Lexington?
Hiya - How can I help? My email is
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
If you like my broadcasts it will be $1 for your [PAL] membership. If you don't, send me $2. You'll get the same kind of membership. [1945]
No record will be set today at
looking into some other blog options..any suggestions on free blogs that have a lot of traffic?
thanks drake :) miss you dude
Pandora is doing it for me right now.
My grandparents always know how to make me happy!
My ears are ringing....
Why are you wearing a striped shirt with a plaid flannel.. STOP
yea ditch it. (and send the iPhone to ny :* )
Wanna see a free screening of Will Ferrell's movie CASA DE MI PADRE? March 8 at 7pm, Village East Cinemas - RSVP at
What stops profs from giving high grades and easy assignments to get good student feedback? Read "Academically Adrift"
MARIETTA, GA TONIGHT @ SWAYZE'S w/ IN DYING ARMS.
its never good 2 have high expectations cause when things dont work out u feel like shit & the way my days ending i wish friday wouldnt come
it was fucking awesome!! josh has got a new girlfuck.
Someone left one of my windshield wipers up last night...I wonder who it was...
nothing in Flint is customizable at the moment (besides font size).
whenever we go home through the Poconos it's either raining or cloudy....this trip is no different.
Both of those are going to be extremely expensive. Hopefully AT&T will unlock them.... :P
yes I'm still good. What time are you thinking??
Jimmy Buffet and the Flamingo are hiring 250 workers for new Margaritaville Casino! Caesars.
belated thanks, izzy!
hahahaha. you're welcome (:
OK, thank you!
bring food!!! :( RT I heard was sick...hmm I gotta go take care of her...but if I get sick dats her ass
it's not just getting those high level recruits on campus. It's about maximizing their potential quickly and thats all cal
The moment when you find out what someone really thinks about you...ouch! Thanks...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
RT : Q4) building a win for the SMEs team members.> Great idea
School is more important than my health? Yeah this is why I hate you.
she said she's tmoneys cousin but I guess that's a lie. She knows the boys and everyone kisses her ass for it
you are horrible at touch hockey #11-1? #really?
#NBCUpfront - Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement? Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid? Ping me for more info.
Finally going home!!!
You don't need to know how to code. You don't need to know who signed the Treaty of Münster either. We teach lots of useless stuff in school
Yeah and Tulo isn't normally accurate either, right?
it was even more underappreciated in Heat with Al Pacino.
this really pisses me off i do everything for her too show you how much i love you and you seem too dont care </3 :'(
come people follow so will do a ustream
Fuck it :l
Thanks, ! Great to meet you and loved "In Lardo We Trust."
tomorrow i become mrs. brian chambers
Nokia Reportedly in Talks to Sell Vertu Luxury Unit - DailyTech
Hi Michelle, thanks for reaching out to us via twitter. A clean cab is a happy cab. We will address the issue with 5179. Thank you!
I'm up,I'm up!!! Gotta get it!
That's quite a hot list. Thank you.
#FeelBetterFriday to everyone with UC & Crohn's, especially my lovely nephew! Let's find a cure for these horrible diseases!
A big thanks to those of you who celebrated New Year's weekend with us at Grazie! We had a blast and hope you did too!
Right on!
This day in American Century Music: Oct 22 1889: Ives’s first of 36 organ lessons with Alexander Gibson, one of America’s leading...
Ok, dude! Anyone in their right mind would not get in a swimming pool with an alligator unless you fantasize about being an appetizer. Duh!
RT If u want some to ask u on a date or something I will RT myself 8]
Eminem >>>>>>>> One Direction.
We all think like storytellers. When doing a demo, conduct it like you are telling a story.
why is it soo cold in this house #FREEZING!
Amen !! rt We gotta win it for MO!
I'm tired of waiting for my sister!:/
Oh yeah Hunger Games Rocked!
Sam Still Loves Freddie. awh. good thing i actually only saw one episode where sam and freddie were a couple? lol
hey Be like that
absolutely. Don't make benefit the shot outta your articles!!
i wana go out tonight who wana be my date
we're gonna miss you! /;
Lamb fries.... Sheep balls. The key is you have to clip them way at the top....
Join Mayor Barrett in commemorating the 10th anniversary of 9/11. A remembrance ceremony will take place today at 4:45pm in Red Arrow Park.
Just trying to become a circuits champion, brb
starting with yourself-- you can reshape anyone! ~RTN
Cool!! I was wondering what you were going to do w/ that long QA!
That awkward moment when you're stalking someone's tweets for two hours & you realize you've been replying to/retweeting/faving them too...
RT : Theres nothing wrong wit wanting some1 it only makes it wrong when u loss urself
Not singing the Blues: #LAKings take a 2-0 lead over St. Louis in the
I hate when people say "awk". Like wtf, are you a moron?
You're prettierr (:
Anyone have a wheelchair or better still anyone wanna wheel me around? #Killer leg workout. Who needs 2 b able 2 walk anyway!
that's called a juice-fast
"Hawaiian Scrapple"! That's a great idea, we might have to plan a "business" trip to Maui for research
no problem haha :P
Follow and today for real music!
Ha, Chew cracy, main...
well, you too, but still not quite to the levels of others.
I just (secretly) want to be one of your ex-backing dancers. I copied moves
RT "The United States spends on health care alone what the 65 million people in France spend on everything." wapo.st/ryjPrc
hmm.. im feelin like the shit today.. time to listen to some dom kennedy. lol
But do you feel comfortable batting Jeff "Frickin" Keppinger 4th against the #Yankees???
Shout out to everybody smiling today! It feels so good doesn't it?
Otp w/ my bby .
My family made fun of me for having a selected Easter poet. Then they asked to borrow the book. Mm-hm.
critic i follow just tweeted earlier that he can't believe it because the script was really weak … not sure if its avail online
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss
Green Moms Wanted for August Influenster Programs! Unlock your badges now!!!
When she's faking exxtra hard like she isn't interested, yet steadily makes herself available.
That will be fun. Enjoy your visit with the parents.
Our intern empire is growing. RT : day 1 at bring on the initiation.
Debating if I should go to Pigeon Forge this weekend to see Family & go to DollyWood. Hmm....
How was the party in SheVegas?
I would feel the same way, so horrible to have to see the evil in the world at such a young age...makes me sad
Y does it feel hotter to me at night?? I am burning up!! Oh my God.
// #KobeBryant could have entered into a #mid marriage agreement, but I guess he found it a difficult subject w/his history.
I already voted 4 him. He's a winner in my eyes even if he doesn't get all the votes. They'll be many other wins 4 him :)
yo they still got that Godiva for 5 bucks
#MyPastRelationships made me who I am today
And whenever Hayden gets here!:)
Well crap now what do I do?
Welcome to the Badgers !
There's a difference between that kind of reasonable due diligence and blacking out the story for 25 minutes.
So excited to see HUNGER GAMES!!!
Thanks for the cheer!
hope everything is ok with your son...by the way, nice job on that Account at a Glance app. Very slick.
ohh. thought you were talking in airport code. Jealousy over. ;) /cc
He doesn't want more coverage. Just more attention. Like a 3-year-old. It was the Final Four, Coach!
LOVE IT.
Monday Night Football Tonight let's get it
My dentist doesn't give free toothbrushes anymore. Now there's a cavity in my medicine cabinet. He really gave me the brush off.
damn, guess not
Cool post! What is the significance of this chart and is there a link that I can go to?
I'm up running errands before work due to a very ill back at the apartment.
Well this is boring...
Pizza of the Day: ground beef, peppers, onions, and sausage. $11 plus free toasted ravioli if you mention this tweet.
Pete Thamel will be on the SVP show at 2:30 to explain the Nerlens situation!
Enigmatic actor Melissa George is a champion roller-skater, touring around the world and amassing awards, including national champion of AU.
Can I have a follow, Ari? :) I've been trying for so long but never got one from you. :[
THANKS! I guess I'm committed now...
going to start doing clan recruiting! if you want to join a sick ass, chill ass clan hit me up might also make a website for it :)
this case is massive! maybe it would keep me from destroying another phone though?
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Man, these allergies have been kicking my ass. The medication has been working but seems to dry out all the liquid I have in my body.
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!!! OK, I want to know who out there is giving their MOM and/or DAD a special Valentine today?
Capitalization is a VERY important topic.
Ha! It's "Pearl" (White) with silver trim and tan leather seats for Vegas.
hope she is ok. Praying for her
Omg my moms having the funniest convo with vinnys dj.... LMFAOO!!
I need to shower so badly, but keep choosing naps over cleanliness. At least my newborn will not judge me. Thanks,
>>nah I don't remember that
Grrrr! Shows could be so much longer if it wasnt for commercials EVERY 5 MINUTES!!
on the #bizzydiet phase 2 will I still lose bodyfat&W8? Also the 21day phase1 forms a habit and stokes metabolic rate great
I'm getting excited for the Super Bowl. What's your go to snack? Mine is Acapulco Hots (Velveeta and herdez salsa. Go Packers!
Can't Wait To Talk To Him Later Though :) <33
#Cubs fans with Derrek Lee or Mark Prior jerseys: ignorant of your roster or just cheap? (also #Brewers fans with Hardy jerseys)
me too :) finally!
I feel like a jackass.
Eeeeeep i can finally do my cobra flying position perfect
If people could hear you for the next five seconds after a phone call ended, no one would have any friends.
templates provide good structure for finding data to use in the conversation that will deepen understanding
Woke up early to clean my room and now I am of to Manhattan to go to my Jazz class, it's been a while should be fun.
Tonight: Gaming, Coding, or Changing a Ceiling Fan. WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BRING?
i'll look at the guest list and see who's coming that area - i think i know some people you can tag along with
Four weeks until vacation! So excited :)
Sounds like you guys need Varejao.
That's how I roll. No, that's how I rauhl.
Cant wait to be a godmom.!
Even if I fall in love again with someone new, it could never be the way I loved you..<3
The Sonoran desert! And nature in general.
i don't wanna be anyone other than me
Now you're somebody that i used to know.
we should! :)
My voice sounds so manly today
Forget silencing the Lebron haters. He needs to hit a game clincher for his fans. We gotta explain how he missed two free throws tomorrow.
I about shat myself after last weeks.
Haha! I wish we could, but you're in Louisiana :( Tell your state you want safe access to medical marijuana now!
I'm gud now sexy lady!
It's time for the to get Rich a Twitter intern. All news from this morning's skate has already been broken by other media.
You will never hear a girl say, "I grew up wanting to f*** (this or that) DJ!"
#HowToBeAGoodMother #TT Y U NO APPEAR BEFORE CASEY ANTHONY MURDERED HER BABY??
I seriously have the best friends, I'm so grateful
when I go to kroger's with and everyone thinks I'm
Broke into the penny jar and bought a 22 inch LED monitor for my PC. What a difference!
Woke up in NJ this morning
Watched Serenity again last night....... Really great, but makes me miss Firefly.
HELL YEAH HOMIE GOOD LOOKING IM READY FOR THAT
Your body is a wonderland ;)
“: I live on Kentucky but I live in Kansas”
follow me on instagram. User name is MaeganMachine
Watching the game...
I Love my mom to death, but sometimes she pisses me the fuck off. her being handicapped for a lil while is annoying me.
// Delighted to see a fighter with #spirit, #mind, #body, alignment!
You're ahead of your time, foot! RT : Every part of me should be asleep.
actually, the Disco Night on Friday commences at 8pm, not 7pm.
I think I just emailed u a confusing message.Yes I can do lunch. Didn't know if u wanted to meet at 1:15/1:30?
Dudee I Have Enchanted Stuck In My Head !
You're welcome!
Just keep chippin' away at her and one day, well you just never know!
Oh lol yeah, you're right, there. They have similarities when it comes to that.
When did they come over? RT Finding #genealogy of my Irish family branch in Ireland very difficult.
Thank you! Happy Valentine's Day to you too!
If you rich and you marry a bitch get a prenup! Ha ha ha RT : rap ya dick up cuz ya dick will have da hiccups
Thanks! I think the other may be a bit short sighted. I can't find one thing I agree with.
Anyone know of a #5k in the #Cincinnati area toward the end of May, or soon after?
Got my schedule for #mlanet12 into Google Cal (had to use personal computer!). Now just have to make sure my poster gets printed in time...
Can't wait to go tonight to the game! is ready to put the cherry on top of his 3rd MVP. Thank you :)
Excuse me. Would you mind dancing like no one's watching someplace where I can't see you?
Words to live by... RT : In god we trust. Everyone else bring data.
I am shocked! Rhodrick just told me he doesn't plan to let us keep one of series one DVDs!!
Ray- Ban Livin...
Your iPod has an appetite, let us feed it. (Download our single "Let it Fall" from iTunes only $0.99!) Some people say it's a good song : )
Hanging out with George Saunders tonight, by which I mean going to a reception for and reading by him. We probably won't cuddle or anything.
to some degree, yes...fantasy is big at the moment and Americans love those kind of "out of their world" voices...
kinda mad I sold my copy a few years ago. That thing NEVER pops up.
Crying at the Paul Simon tribute in PBS
#OOMF knows I want her
Why do I exist? Because the Amish need a champion webmaster, and I plan to learn through osmosis.
it the wosrt i have ever had them
You're welcome, and I Would Appreciate it Also if you would re-follow me as well so I can Thank You.
See you all next Wednesday June 8th at Jovita's on S. 1st with The Lucky Tomblin Band. The show starts at 10 and there's no cover!
Eww My Boyfriend wants to make a Twitter -_- lmfaoo!
im surrrreeeee it was " accidental "
RT from Iran: DONT BE AFRAID if we stop now they will get EVERY single one of us! Pls attend rally
DETAILS on the fresh pair of nikes tour and the UNSIGNED ARTIST 2012 TOUR I'm added to as well comming soon.
It sucks that pregnancy is why I feel both so insanely ambitious and so effing exhausted today.
Dreams are the 1st step, my friend! DM me when it morphs into more & I'll connect you with the right people :)
Naw nicca I didn't! It's a bet, hell u ain't da only getting money!
Persons 25-54 was the most requested age demographic by video marketers overall
What a boring day at work
I think you have been hacked.
Haha why you tweet me back BITCH if you done? when i touch down in the sip don't let me see ya Homie!
Reading is fundamental. Remember that one? If only people actually did...
how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 6
I love Milwaukee so much. Today is one of those days that reinforces it even more.
having his own Block Party in Houston
DM that bro
is soo not motivated today. I need a vacation from my vacation.
Listening to Steve Blank at SXSW
OMG . You Guys , I Have A Stalker . Watch Her End Up On The News Tho . Lol I Know She OBSESSED .
Okay, I've tried. I don't like Lady Antebellum.
OMG i cant wait to watch "the last exsorcism" that movie look sickk
i would never doubt your guitar chops but can you sing like Gahl?!
all of the best our city has to offer!
whats the project?
Free Classified Ads!
Get ya punk ass up McGee! It ain't even wet over there!
bestie I'm so bored Wat to do
One day all my prayers and wishes will come true. One day my hopes will come through
I recommend it for you specifically.
Wait, what?
Looking for something chill to do tonight? & at Lestat's. 8:30ish. See you there!
So fridge broke overnight... What a great way to start the day!
I'm so glad tomorrows Friday.
Launch Event AFTER PARTY at Indulge tonight, 7:30-8:30pm $20 for 2 glasses of wine & apps!
My pleasure! :)
I haven't talked to in a day and a half... This is wierd
Haha its empty?
#18conf Kristen is sharing about PLAT with all the state CBCAP leads.
MS Stores would be better off not being next to Apple stores. You look at the window and see everyone across the street.
Huh? I didn't say you were outraged. I said M&M affected outrage. I try not to do outrage but yes, the pile-on PO'd me yesterday.
that would be lovely. I am so looking forward to finally meeting ! We'll be there with little guy.
Guess Vandy won't be making a DVD this year.
I guess it does help....I just feel like I'm on my own I that class.
no doubt man. do u record too? or jus battle?
lol good looks
Thanks for the recommendations!
"Don't worry about me, I got tiger blood" -Charlie Sheen
I'll look for it when I get home.
Man, it never ends with LeBron.
Cars band aid to the rescue.
Much as I love the work of noted literary historian Alan Dershowitz.
Penny slots is a great daycare provider!
me too. and everyone at NatGeo. gmail fail!
#FF Who tells it like it is and won't tolerate "in the closet" hypocrisy.
Do you have acar adventure story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the funniest story!
RT : Why do people add a 'S' to Heat? lol
#MyLifeWouldBeEasier if caramel was healthy.
kay night(:
#johnsutcliffe its embarrassing watching him
You have to use a GPS just to get to my house.
You were born original and unique for a reason don't live your whole life being a copy.
If a girl never smiles in any pictures its safe to assume her teeth are fucked up.
next you going to be calling your self
I am the acting dance coach this weekend. Will you be making the trip this year?
Old books sitting around? WELL TAKE THOSE TO! $$$
Google maps has already marked Osama Bin Laden's Hideout Compound. #whatdoesgoogleknow and
Q2: Are internships as advertised? Do they help get a foot in the door in an industry?
Somebody is having a birthday week! MikeM = balla.
Great! thanks for asking. how about yours? <U+2665>
Me and need more pictures together. :)
Really enjoying #tnt mystery movies. A nice departure from serial shows while seeing familiar actors
i'd love to hear "So Many Girls" by
I'm your big fan you're great
locked in a closest somewhere
Good morning!
professor some of your articles from hootsuite are not displaying their links.
John Reaves, innovation practitioner (?) currently working on CareLab (long-term care)
Anyone else;s facebook not cooperating this morning?
city gear were we have deals!!!! akoo tees, yes TI, trufit yes LIl Waynes come in and get a deal
Thanks for the RT!
I'm pretty sure I'm the only woman out there who hates pedicures. Love the salon, though.
haha your mother sounds like a nice lady
Dear iPhone, Why is it when im half asleep you decide to ring on max volume right next to my head? Love, Your Victim
Best thing about New Year? Just 2 months til March- #baseball 2012!
dats what's up it's all legit?
- you gotta grind
Not quite sure what's up with the schedule unlocking--all settings appear to be correct.
Why did my Wordpress theme switch without telling me? Now I can't find the old one...
idk hah you should go to the Franklin pool tomorrow!
We don't want bcr always to be such a sausagefest but here it is. We need ideas to change it.
working on long tones on alto, much like meditation being aware of the start, the flow, my hands body and breath & the end of the note....
moved into new space.. it's huge! I can see the mall out my window now :^)
Comfotable of who I am & I'm not gonna change
The freelance life is crazy.
Watching "Grown Ups" on Encore. What happened to "Funny Sandler" because "Family Sandler" sucks.
mind ya goddamn business
We are training our newest intern at TBLC today... would you like to apply to intern at TBLC? Send a DM!
Please Mom, 5 more minutes...
Mis-cutting a print job after working so hard on it is one of the worst feelings... So glad I over-printed!
At first I thought you meant you weren't there...get it now...not on a team, organizing.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Austin! When they come through drop in say WASSSUUPP!
Those cute goodnight texts that give you butterflies >>>>>>>>
Are you coming to the networking phoenix event? We will be there!
WOW that's awesome
New jazz project in the works....
"The 3 great essentials to ACHIEVE ANYTHING WORTH WHILE are 1st HARD WORK, 2nd STICK-TO-ITIVENESS, 3rd COMMON SENSE." ~Thomas Edison #TGIF <U+2600>
thank you, will search.
We are, thanks! Both have an early day and can't do after party this year.
Liar. <U+E402> You do know.
John Mayall is the man!! So jealous you went to that show!! What shows are you doing this summer?
Do you know how to ride a motorcycle?
idk~ I'm thinkin about life and all it's characters right now. Shit is deeper than the ocean
One of these days I'm going to perform some sentiment analysis on your tweets! [+]
I agree with you statement..... not pleased..
Being on this bus makes me sick! /:
Still bold enough to try. I experienced the "open mic people" in my MFA to know it wasn't for me. To my detriment perhaps.
I say good chance. “: how much you wanna bet Paul Pierce comes back into this game at some point?”
Forever known as "The girl who doesn't know her presidents." Perfect.
Pray for Amy Winehouse's family... St. Sabina welcomes Richard Smallwood...Attend your place of worship on Sunday! Have a good night!
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear. Baruch Spinoza
OH: Awesome, there's no line to use the fax machine.
I look like a crazy ass hobo
I thought we wouldn't tell people about me and you being together! ;) <3
New guitar just got dropped off at my house.
Sicc of these played out San Diego bitches....
told me I'm influential about Tofu.
I'm heading down to the Evening of Poetry at the White House on Wed. See the Prez and Lady Obama. Should be a fun time.
RT : There's a blvd between getting everything you want & compromising your principles.
Lackey looks like he should be on a Garbage Pail Kid card.
you are so right. It seems they give the most and get the least back in return, and that includes respect. Now that is sad.
Hell yeah they will RT : Well....at least I know that OKC are gonna spank that ass in a sweep!
Hi everyone! Who is here?
much appreciated!! As soon as our t-shirts are available, I'll contact you to get your info.
I've read one chapter and I'm already terrified by the book club book, Good News Club by Katherine Stewart.
LMBOOO!!!!!! But look...what was that LAST name again, lol it wasn't JOHNSON or SMITH, or JACKSON...lol...yea, I stereotype
Nice! Well written. And not but not least he deserves it!
You say "Generation I" I say "Generation I Fucking Hate Old People"
Three of the four of us have you as our "Pick To Click" tonight. Make it happen brah!
ThMorUKno: There’s the Revelation of John AND The Secret Revelation of John (isbn 0-674-01903-2, Harvard University Press).
LOVE your picture too! What is this sexy YUMs profile day?
Will #apple announce a new #iphone at #wwdc?- You're going to be stuck with that obsolete one.
happy birthday luv
Hope is a dangerous thing
Absolutely enjoy your ballpark series of photos.
Holding the family and friends of Paul Creggar in prayer as the grieve. May mercy, grace and hope surround us all.
do you stalk the owl city tag on tumblr?
Right on all counts. National Dem. Party & POTUS could care less w/2012 election looming.
NFL Network ads for Golden Coral makes me hungry.
Samsung Galaxy S3 New Rumor Update: Home Button And 5-Column Modified UI Likely; What More?
Christmas cookie diet is over. Ate myself into a tummy ache. :(
It's Monday again. Help ease the pain of another week with cookies. Buy 1 dozen and get a 1/2 dozen for free.
Enduring the nth-gen video dub of FOUR NIGHTS for years, seeing and hearing the new print was absolutely stunning.
This is blasphemy on my TL!!
thnx for following follow for my unprofessional tweets
- Im leaning also!!
Happy Friday!
Now that is a good question
"Live life to the fullest" is kind of vague, as a different approach I prefer "Fully live your life" your destiny awaits you take action now
Failure to enforce this policy in every instance does not amount to a waiver of BeataSpeedingTicket
BA trying to hold back his excitement... But can't as Yuni defies all logic with his HR
Waiting to get advised #BoredaF -__-
Mitt Romney is right! I should take a risk, start a business and get it started with a $20,000 loan from my parents....
#ERedCarpet Diane lane....gorgeous...love her
YES-there's wine Local Underground Tent Party. 6 wines to sample & glass purchases.
my grandparents are shady. -__-
Just kidding. Cocaine is for losers and addicts.
I just ate the worst general tsos ever thanks szechaun express
Just saw a commercial for the chili's two for 20, who would even pay for that crap..you get what u pay for
Baseball analogy. Better to have at least 2 more pitches than being 1 & done. Always give yourself a #2 - all about an option!
how is that related to jail? : )
#tweetsafter12 finds that people who lebron, go to bed lonely
I don't think Virgin Airlines would allow that.
#PinkGirls in #NYC to celebrate the GREAT New programming
Today, we're in #Maine and #NewYork meeting loads of camps and laying the foundation for people to #impact lives this summer. Join us today.
I can vouch that did a phenomenal job at #amasummit discussing the #multipliers principles :-) Very inspiring!
w00t! RT : Congrats on your #HHAwards! Our own played Juliet in your great R&J!
Hi so great to learn about you! I plan to stop by your store for sure very soon. Would love to profile you on my blog, too!
Come experience shopping at its best! Shop Midwest- Including Live performance of several bands. 12 P.M. – 5 P.M. 7 P.M. RUNWAY SHOWS BEGIN
watching tv, you
thanks for your 2 cents today about exposure vs payment. It was worth far more. :-)
Beautiful day in #pittsburgh, if you like precipitation.
“: I really want a puppy.” we can get one for our dorms! Haha
Hate that isnt following me
Definitely talk to -- he's helping coordinate media for May 1
crammed n da hatch!..
I work better under the pressure that's why I pressure myself to be better.
If you win it's only because you practiced more than the other guy
Happy Easter. He is risen.
I know im gonna love it i have all of ur albums love u justin:)<3
#nwill2011 current ILS systems are built on an architecture that was developed 25 years ago.
yall can take that L for the nite
True enough. That's why I'm experimenting with Diigo this semester.
funny thing is, it isn't. I told my sister who's 23 and it happened when she was there too. -_-
MT : Best social media mgrs know & believe in your org + work with org to realize transformative power of social #prsadiconf"
No prob, you won't be a newbie much longer!
"One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar" Helen Keller
You gon' die.
On a positive note, got my quarterly #syrah shipment today: Alisos, Bien Nacido, & Edna Valley - fun times & reviews to come.
Oh I forgot, you're a polytheist. They're assholes. There ya go.
When that verdict comes in, you'd better not miss a beat. Don't want to be compared with Baez' opening.
Thank you for the shout out on Extraordinary Cakes! Hope you enjoy it.
Popcorn...the perfect ingredient at camp!! It's light, it's cheap and makes a lot! Here are some of our favorite's...
The sound of a fan at night >>
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked "I am over 18 years of age."
RT : 2012 #HHAwards winner for Outstanding Lead Actor, Resident Musical is...Euan Morton in 's Parade
Events this week: meet and greet with author Mary Kay Andrews this Saturday, March 10 at Tifton Library!
can't wait to watch NOVA tonight and see Genetics Team from and !!
#LSUUA The zebras are starting to get involved in the game. Meh.
........crickets.......yeah, I get it...id be fucking ashamed too
And it's over...Harford couldn't pull it off
For #Obama to make progress on #marriageequality he will need to influence his voters who are religious, a large block.
Thought it was bad being a Caps fan after last might, but Man City fans must want to blow their heads off right now.
I believe that all physical movies should be #Bluray - #DVD packs. All digital movies should be available on #Netflix instant.
Okay, sluts of twitter and tumblr: I can see putting an orange in your ass to take slutty pictures, but a pepper? Would that not burn?
Maybe I'll swim laps this morning! Who's working out today!! Who's investing in themselves! The only thing I need to factor in is a workout!
yo the struggle will be worth it later. now lets work on that collab! >:)
We're up on iTunes! Come check it out
your awesome son today....so nice and gorgeous!!!
Heat came to play early.
US House of Representatives shamefully passes #CISPA draconian anti-Internet freedom bill to spy on Americans #surveillance Obama must VETO!
I notice the main thing with kids today..they want to be adults so quickly. My generation relished our childhood. Being an adult sucks
love you callie. c:
I think it's lame when people get their kids names tatted on them then can't afford or don't have space to get their other kids.
We're trying out Ubuntu 12.04 with its sleek new interface today. It's great to see what the open source community can do!
When you mention #818 music...I better be on that list...
Oh , what a babe givin little ole' me some of his pizza<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
That one didn't do it for me... For some reason I thought the cherry, BB clashed.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
so proud of you finishing your first single in the studio today. You are amazing.
RT : He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali, boxer
" I dont wanna know! Never wanna know! Bummmbummmmbummm bum! " haha love this song <3
what are you getting done and I think I might like to go
RT : Less than 50 tickets left for at #TurnerHall next Fri. (2/24) don't miss their first show since 2005! ...
: If you could pay your state farm insurance bill via text message - would you do it?
hi how are u doing?
that's what the Mongoose said to the Cobra,,,
#BecauseOfMyEx we both learned grass isn't greener on other side it's just AstroTurf.
thanks heather!!!
The sky is looking super scary right now!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thanks. I'm just thankful that my semester is officially over Monday @ 5, then study abroad for my last two classes!
The number of people I have seen get sick in and around the metro this evening now totals 5. Today is definitely opening day
#DrewGooden Going to work.
Those will make ur hubby feel better - they are so comfortable with who they are.
missing you too bruh. Wish I could be there with you guys!
LA = love/hate relationship! RT It's snowing in NY and 80 degrees in LA...hm maybe I should reconsider trying to move
hell yea man..hope ya grabbed some free music
Still worried about Jonathan Rhys Meyers. Where are you?
only one player I care about being called up and he won't be.. when's the announcement?
15% of the population is born gay. Why can't people accept it? They are humans and don't bother me what they do with their lives.
: Really enjoy my Wed mornings w/ ! Perfect for #yoga days! Even got a little which is very fresh!
Depends on what kinds of flavors you like and what you're willing to spend.
4 steps 2 thinking systemically - construct rich picture, frame situation, consider ethics, assess dynamics (Williams)
RT : Hard to figure out who has more contempt for America: Calderon or Obama
Serious question: If you walked into a store and saw an alien holding a bag of 12 butterflies would you play it cool or leave?
I was going to go back home on the bus today, but Gen left home early ;_;
only would drop his burger, pick it back up and eat it.
I going to listen to music till i fall sleep gn!
thx :) RT Love life and live fully. ~ #quote <U+2665>
Have you gotten your FREE tix yet? There's no time like the present: goo.gl/Yy5SJ DO IT. #cnndialogues #ArabSpring #Atlanta 2/9/12
don't worry I'll marry you!! :-)
Time & place! RT : we needed to help explain the history behind Rockett's Landing.
So hates me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
was very nice to hear you mention my grandfather Bill Ballew at Prog. Forum last night. Loved your talk!
Can U.S. People vote too. if so i'm so in and if i can't i'd vote if i could.
I gotta support my local teams.
Well I gotta go to church but I'll think of more stuff when I get back. <U+270C>
It was a hoot
#Pioneers go into half with a 27-22 lead over the #Jaguars. Stafford (DU) and Rubit (USA) lead all scorers with nine points apiece.
Spending by outside organizations in mid-terms tops $443 million. Details here: bit.ly/9c9Vd1
you are awesome Adam. Watching the voice right now. Big fan of the show;o)
Hiring #JAVA developers in Sunny South Florida. Who do you know? Will pay $500 cash referral fees!
Join us Oct. 25 or 26 for a No-Cost Educational Workshop on Financial Fitness. Learn to increase cash flow. Register- bit.ly/nbn7Oq
a tweeting virgin...here i go!!
Finally! Let the weekend begin. 09 Fevre Chablis makes it easy to forget that summer is way too close.
Friday, Friday....gotta get down
Asset-based community improvement. Take what you have and improve upon that. Don't dwell on negatives.
It's not necessarily that my apartment is messy, it's more that I wanted to make an obstacle course for my catz.
pssst he likes the peacock song!
Step away from the oatmeal cookies! They are going to attack your a@&!
so much
Next bout Sat. June 18, Doors @ 3pm. Riveters vs River City
ya man exactly that's when all my finals are Monday is my only off day!
U messin with the club this weekend coming
My first mothers day and I love it:)
Send me texts to brighten up my evenings too! They tend to get a little dark.
Whenever I say "I hate everyone" & then tell my friend, "accept you, of course." I lie. I hate you too
Thank you!
that would have been awesome!
Multifamily securities that are guaranteed by the Government National Mortgage Association have reached a milestone.
Finally made it to Windsor, now I need to get into my dorm
What do your kids like best about your #Hyundai?
Have fun at the tourney tomorrow GOkickballers. Be sure to enjoy the Brewsky's special afterwards-- free pizza for teams of 8!
No... no thank you. Do send them my regards...
Time to stop procrastinating and write this paper
I know how you feel I moved away from all my friends that I've known since kindergarden this past year but we are still close
i just gave tyler carter a high five
And it continues. I've got Lakers fans calling OKC soft. OKC being soft is maybe the most obscured thing I've ever heard
but certain shit you just dont do like sit around an damage you life an health slowly eventually the outcome gone be deadly
I swear I think teachers be tryna be funny when they give u a bad grade & put a + on it -__- like C+ D+ or F+ smh tryna sugar coat stuff
I got a DM from (: Hahah(: I think everyone gets those.!
we deff failed that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
what could that clown have done that early in the am?
we plan to close registration on May 21st
Love your feature in this month's Elle!
thanks for the follow. How r u tonight
filmin some1s vid this week and shooting one of my own....
Just spent an hour cleaning out my inbox. Unsubscribed from lots of lists.
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
I wonder if I can sell my XBOX HD-DVD player?
Pandora running Pro-Obama and Anti-Obama ads within the same hour is... well... annoying.
My movie moment was when I was a kid watching E.T. with my parents at the movie theater.Ahh great memories.
The Signs contingent descends upon Atlanta today! Come find us for AWESOME Signs bumper stickers and info about Stimpson Prize! #nwsa 2011
Not soon enough in our books!
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 89
I'm still horrible with the whole hashtag thing to begin with - current trending includes #InstantTurnOn -- umm... #breakingnews ? yikes...
I'm not trying to brag or anything but I have a six pack.. of crayons.
As long as Brodie Lee can get over w/ the crowd, he'll do fine.
*~just watched da talent show shit was gud n hilarious...~*
1st song "u got to cook and clean and wash everythang smile and grin and hand yo man a pen so he can write that check payin all of ur bills"
Welcome to LA!!!
Minnesota governor signs a bill to build a $975 million Vikings stadium which would likely open in 2016.
Its Friday
Is there an email address where I can send my contact number?
Had a great time at the Loyola Univ networking event today.
Retweet if your looking for a valentine!
I Mite...Depends If I Get There In Time
I #hate always going to the doctor -_-
Never had a Hot Pocket
Im bout to take a Roman holiday on all you bitches!!!!
Raisenettes and lollipops... Saw I got left.
Looking for anyone who has an extra 4' or larger whiteboard...
Hey y'all! Tomorrow night there's an awesome Dead Man's Carnival show & are the guest performers!!!!
Holding monthly peer group meetings is good way to combat issues @ work & share ideas while networking. Via Walt Hayer workshop
: Me, are joining friends this #Sunday for a souplantation/#Titanic3D date. Sounds like a perfect combo to me!
12 hr car ride to south carolina. ugh
THANKS SO MUCH! #MKE is awesome. Awesome just like your moves.
you and Jason both entering the contest?
In honor of 2/1/12 we are bringing back our "2112 Nachos" topped w/ spicy cheese, pepperoni, pepperoncinis, tomatoes, Gorgonzola, & chives!!
I'm planning some project photography trips and need to know when the trees will bloom in #San Antonio, #New Orleans,
#vegaswhore Got that right about Rachel, i was so glad when she got kicked out and now shes like a nightmare that wont go away
Is "my" nerd and I give her "my" nerd-word that she is "my" nerd<3
seems to me that #GooglePlus is the inverse of Twitter: in T, you choose who you send to, and in G+, you choose who you follow.
man it's a shame how I get so many looks and comments on one of my shitty days than some get there hole life TGIF (thank god I'm fly) GRIMM
That one annoying relative who comments on everything you do on Facebook.
Stay away from plastic or paper plates or buy biodegradable check labels to ensure you're
I overthink way to much
The Fakers got whooped who it's not the Shoes money!!!!!
#blendsocial #blend11 From a recorded faculty video: Facebook is not a replacement for traditional LMS.
Chillin at wait to get lined up
Check out our expose on Nollywood being featured on tomorrow's edition of Africa Buzz!
It. Is. TOO GOOD DAMN I NEARLY BUST A WINDOW OUT OF MY CAR BANGIN TO IT ALL DAY!!!
Thought For the Day: "Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." ~Thomas Edison
Projected growth in #VA revenues will have to be used to fill holes in retirement contributions and tapped rainy day find
thanks for the follow!! We have been eating there ever since college and always love the food!
Sad day for Canadians. Recovering from game last night.
Going to exercise the demons in my blog tonight. A lot of blame to go around, but some things to look forward to.
it is Facebook.com/zacyoung MySpace. MySpace.com/zacyoung.music
“: what, in your opinion, is the best Italian restaurant in Boston? Thanks ! I love Via Matta” great endorsement
Hi Rihanna.
Best of luck! I'll be crossing fingers & toes for you.
Keep Peyton and Sign Luck, makes sense
#BeacauseitsFriday, always follows 100 ppl and does shouties. So thankful that she does that for us<3 she's so amazing& sweet!
aww thank you so much i'm glad you enjoyed it.
Black Hawk Down
your welcome
i can tell you are by yo face in the mirror lookin ass
RT if you trust in GOD
Finished enrolling and got all my classes #winning don't know what I'm gonna do about that 8 am tho... Sorry :*
What is your biggest weakness in the game that could be improved this year?
Woke up and I'm more tired than ever! Screw this I'm taking a ponytail and no make up
glad Stewart is back better glove and couldn't possibly hit worse then Lopez right now
"How do I slow down?" <=holla at me.
RT : Check this video out about the Austin tech community and Epicom at InnoTech. thanks Epicom....
I feel like those roles are blurred in the space because companies themselves are still trying to define those roles but
What a gloomy day in central #Indiana... can't wait for some sun tomorrow!
44th anniversary of MLK assassination. I wonder what he would think of America today.
: "Whoever sold 'stand by me' to this movie was like, 'no one's gonna see it. I'll go ahead and make some money off of it'".
and thank you for the #SHOUTSBACK! , Itamar xD I never get tired of a friendly word ~~~~rich
Curious about your reference to webforms & google spreadsheets: is "webforms" generic or some specific system?
don't get Gangster on twitter its not going to look good on you snow white. But yea like I said brown is the color 4 u
Craving hot wings. Let's see what Woodside has to offer!
Park was pretty:)
Racks on racks on racks.
What is everyone doing to be active today before the weekend? We will R/T the best responses.
Congrats to my #Pisces twin good things happen to good people.
Regional Committees have planned activities in their cities! Get connected in D.C,New York, Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas, L.A!
Cut them in half, toss with chopped garlic and EVOO. In over at 400 for 20 min or til tender...thats it
There's an email coming your way soon!
Looking forward to being in the crowd tonight for Game 2, vs. Go Blue and Gold!
Peyton who? Curtis Painter just had an efficient drive down the field to tie the game!
good!! Had a reunion with ppl from my old job...now i get to snuggle up wiff myboy...gonna cuddle up wiff him soon :)
Damn das true.
that sounds like my childhood exactly! I might be a few inches taller, but otherwise came out fine too :)
I'm going to go the Reno premier...lol
I wanna give you my all til there ain't shit left to give...
Seattle Seahawks are the new Oakland Raiders. A complete joke.
what a game, what a meaningless game! But we can win with the JV team! 15 and 1!
not this aunt! BUSTED!
There's nothing like a little Husker Du to start out your Monday morning.
is only the coolest person ever(:
Just found out there were outlets in the Pittsburgh area
Adding in another project, colorful candle holders made with stained glass tiles of course!
Exhausted- to bed i go....
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your posts.
Gm (: I'm up getting ready for 11 o'clocks service. I love hearing the word! Have a beautiful day tweeple(: !!!
sorry-nate's tweets aren't going through apparently! Unfortunately we don't know anyone to take the tix. :(
The truth is, I refuse to watch it. I can't get over my instinct that it's misogynistic and fauxgressive.
Wasn't Madonna's halftime show amazing!
Gotta say, that NYTimes slideshow on fashion-conscious college girls was a little disappointing.
HEY Why can't you just simply delete all tweets that have the phrase "someone is saying something really bad about you"?
hi :D
Thanks for the follow! I send your job listings to friends almost every day. Love your work!
On the MARC train headed to #2011cmc. Anyone else taking the Penn line this morning? Flashbacks to my commute before
Groovin to Motown with my dog.
Why are we watching rats have sex?
Proud owner of Mario Golf 64
haha yeah. Been like that almost my whole life. Haha
good luck!
Work...thats all im working
#singlesnightout "Hi my name is *your name* remember that, you'll be screaming it later.
Yeesh, typos, sorry, I meant "the same company who made them originally." These are beautiful pieces of craftsmanship.
At damiens house eating popcorn and watching movies. Waiting for chayce to get here so i can curl up in my boos lap and go to sleep. <3
Welcome, all new followers! We appreciate you!
Looked close but no slo-mo so I'll just bitch.
hey guys, settle down with Tebow. Lots of people don't give a fuck about him. Quit pandering. Thanks!
Wow. People change fast. Their nice one day than their complete different the next.
ah I can't wait... I'm not excited cuz I'm going.... I'm not :( but I'm excited cuz you go so far!!!! <33
Steaks for dinner tonight yummy.
Callback today for play "The Man in the Black Pajamas."
Because free agency will help those "analysts" Homer schools like Duke, KY, KS, NC. Transfer there for 1 yr, then off to NBA.
Ready to battle today, on the plate Wis Academy, Fox Valley Elite. Time to put it together.
throw a Verizon sticker over the logo...
blink 182 makes for great road trip tunes.
Steve Shaviro quotes William S. Burroughs letter to Allen Ginsberg: "Human is an adjective. To use it as a noun is deplorable."
You think them niggas you with is wit’ you? And I say hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah
Playoffs is too unpredictable this year! Smh
Every time I look at pinterest, I leave wanting something chevron, avocado, or a dinner party to plan
Looking for makeup assistants send your info to
I just bought a ticket to go to Chile in July! I'm so super excited. Tell me things I should know
Happiness is... turning your bed spread back and finding your favorite serena and lily sheets.
that makes sense
....Happy-Healthy New Year to you too!
new updates at feat. go check em
Thanks Rhonda! :) Glad you're enjoying it!
Only thing I can think of when I hear Wade and Marquette is Paulding playing Wade out of the gym. Then being forever forgotten
Keep the change
My body is still on CST so his 7 is my WHY THE HELL ARE WE NOT DRINKING YET!?
Congrats on being a winner of the 2011 Mayor's Business Recognition Awards for outstanding community service!
Gorgeous!! Walking now.
hey LOUII GUESS WHAT GOT ME YESTERDAY? :D
It has been WAY too long since my last blog post. I need to change that ASAP!
yes please!!!
Um yeah...the Phillies are back
I wish it was for me :/.
i cant believe you just outted that already. real sick dude
may want Nash, but may have to settle for Nashty at this point
damn you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up on the couch.
Putting together wines for 2 "A Vintage Affair" events and the "Crown Affair" next week. Charity begins in a wine glass.
Happy Mothers Day to all those mothers out there in the world
I say that having grown up in rural VA and then lived in Philly - would choose CLE over both.
Did you find what you were looking for on the site? We'll be doing some new giveaways soon, but hope you'll try them anyway!
Oh, season 1 Peggy Olsen hair. Unfortunate.
there was 1 fight but really the MPD was unable to handle the volume of retards loitering
Bummer. Sky9 has to go back to get fuel. So aerial #blago watch is over for now.
cleared for landing..
Everything you see isn't always what it appears to be
FREE Cooking Demo on Wed at Clifton,its featuring Virginia. Call 434 971 1800 for info and details
Don't forget to get your FREE copy of the Trends Report in Leadership in 30 min at Four Seasons 2/3. #astd2012. $135 value via
what are you up to today? (:
Midtown's Green Team pulled 56 plastic bags out of district trees today!
we can help with your website, social media, branding, mobile marketing, ANYTHING! have a website?
"embedded" model is good role for some librarians. Curating digital scholarship needs press, too.
Does Lebron wear those glasses b/c he thinks he's Superman/ Clark Kent?
but that would involve having an opinion on the Cavs.
Grab some lunch from Franktuary at our free concert with Good Night, States this Friday! 12:30pm, 5440 Penn Ave.
Good Q! Alternate to Wilson's pool brouhaha? cc: RT : #hdwoodson pool. Fabulous. twitpic.com/67k927
Majority of brides plan their wedding for approximately 7 to 12 months
awe NO LIMIT!! ALL DAY IM BOUT IT BOUT IT!
Will do, Jack!
When the smoke clears in this furnace, I will still be standing and my clothes won't even smell like smoke. #coveredbyGod.com#
Wow...I thought you were mentioning me there for a second....
what's up!?
I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!
Lead Trumpet Gig in Caribbean! Starts early November. Contact us at www.MOneStudios.com
Rest in peace, Johnny Otis. Thanks for the great music.
did you have a roommate named Landon?
Who's keeping the "cajones" score, now? Erica?
you should have sushi and wine AFTER the nap!
they fightin like crazy
u gotta lol. I love nice things but I wrk for mine at the same time. Independent .. My man need be on the same level lol
I think I'm about to rewatch all the #fridaynightlights seasons.....
It's a home computer fixer-upper day today. Starting with creating a system restore disc and backing everything up.
The gods have smiled upon the Panda, Cude, Gold and eur/ypy behaved as per the trading plan.
Hijacked? Perfect, replied #theLabDC ;)
i doubt that , only if u using yo mouth lol
For the first time, I now have a red bellied woodpecker visiting my suet feeder! So, tell me why they don't have red bellies. ???
WOAH. uk.io9.com/5781931/a-beautiful-but-creepy-vision-of-the-smart-glass-future
Can't stop won't stop!
I had to dissect frogs today and someone spilled from juice all over the floor ): I almost puked.
In all seriousness, though, thanks for all the tweets. We're big fans.
Question... What are some of your favorite holiday flavors/cocktails?
I certainly think so.
I can't even remember.
nick- introducing me :)
A sight to witness: on the tambourine
Police probably think I'm drunk drive
Wow. Paul Simon made magic with Wynton Marsalis and the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra tonight.
KIAH TV, News 39 Float Wins First Place Award In The 2009 MLK Grande Parade-Houston..Visit Us Online @ www.mlkgrandeparade.org
‘Age and wisdom don't necessarily go together. Some people just become stupid with more authority.’ (Terry Pratchett)
olive doesn't want to be a silent ninja! :(
Just when I thought SIFF was ovr, The Best Of hits SIFF Cinema this weekend! Rats! So many I still wanna see. Solstice celebrations or SIFF?
or we could find a team for the 3 of you....yall's choice!
Living out of my car until 7 pm. Oh the joys of dorm checkout.
Did you attend #TEDMED? What were your favorite moments?
no problem
Last day of the Con, have tons o footage coming your way. Stay Tuned
i think he's gonna be terrible. Parker has to be funny. Tobey was the wrong choice too.
what a great team!
Will u guys be doing any auto commentary for the DVDs?? Would love to hear your opinions on scenes!
check your email and hit me up asap
I saw that The Lost Trailers are playing in El Paso on March 31st. Where are they playing? Ticket price? All ages?
I saw my friend's Riku deck Warp World 3 times in the same turn the other day. It was brutal. Esp. since his opponent didn't scoop
Just did a 4-hour training course in under 30 minutes because I didn't read the material and went straight to the exam, which I passed.
Hypothetical The Voice audition song of the night: I Drove All Night.
ladies your beautiful so stay beautiful<3
School days are so long, but weekends are so short!
cook those eggs in a tbsp olive oil for more healthy fats!
No glasses for K-rod!
Thank you God for this amazing day!!!!!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs Beyonce "Best thing I never had"
Seeing a raccoon in the tree... Starting at you, then climbing down and running towards the deck...
Me too. I'm in New York. But, people from the UK were writing "tomorrow" on Tumblr so I got confused.
someday ,when is the end of the world will maybe follow me.
I think the onset of early arthritis must prevent aging thugs from making gang signs with their hands.
I'm seeing it this weekend!
My couldn't read the #EmmyFYC DVDs that were inside Emmy magazine. :-/ Glad there are eps in the box.
Listened to Bel Biv Devoe discog on Spotify ranked by popularity and experienced rapid diminished returns over time
...or asked to go along. I can always turn down sh!tty tix, but, the sense of obligation to go with a friend is overwhelming...
I wish... got to hang on until the 20th when I head to NC for a southern thanksgiving extravaganza.
no. A dentist's office “: Sometimes Dubstep sounds like farting.”
IM GAY... THOUGHT ID LET YOU KNOW...
*super late response* haha but what don't you understand about the app?
Just picked up another show.. March 31st at Jc's American Pub! Btw, , did you know that it's Brian Jones' Birthday?
Taylor Green is getting his eighth major league start today, and his first at first base. He's played 23 pro games there, two in 2012.
To clarify, it doesn't matter how many followers you have if they're the right ones (target audience) cc:
I'll never follow my heart I would rather follow GOD cause your heart can be manipulative and deceptive
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn ;)
I miss you. <3
In the Newark airport. About to fly to St Pete. Downloaded Batman Begins. Good inflight entertainment.
Websites, tweets, blogs...there are an overwhelming number of ways to market yourself these days!!!
I call a verse RT “: And put me on it. RT : I fux with the new single....lemme remix it....”
Got my health, roof over my head, cars to drive, job to go to beautiful family to come home to clothes on my back food in my kitchen God is?
Anyone seen Caught in the Net at Dogwood Dell? Thinking of going tonight.
Alright, done with submissions, profile & resume updates and production notes. Now time for a cat nap :)
I'm worried there won't be any left for
you need to tweet more...
in the eyes of other peoples across the face of the Earth! Is that the idea which you want other nations and peoples to have about the USA?
great meeting you too! thanks for the love! don't forget to invite us to the grand opening!!!
: Thank you & you're welcome! Isn't it nice to have a blog that starts with 'A'? Always a winner in alphabetical order. ;)
3:45am and just wrapped a day of filming on "Mandie and the Cherokee Treasure" LONG DAY - Happy to have the business. Woohoo!
Obama hasn't done too much to bring Hispanics to his side mostly b/c economy is still faltering- Sergio Bustos
: It's a shame legacy publishers can't do free online & affordable in digital/print. Wait, does! :)
Smoothies make me cum.
#Shutup RT Fresh out the shower, bout to watch Cameron Diaz sexy as in "Bad Teacher" and get high high high!
Heads up. At some point today, three of Alan Hirsch's e-books will be free on all major platforms including The Faith of Leap.
welcome,) hope your good S.) J.A
Had amazing time at breakfast with at #DBC2012. Wonderful to be with and around great designers!
whats going down everyone, we're just promoting and gettn to know people,Caliburr Records
love you and JP, so cute. You two make me smile :) congrats!
honestly though..who is she? hahaha and im gonna miss nemi </3 x
I'm a LeBlanc too but I doubt we're related.
Have you hugged your local record store owner today? [ #ilm]
Waco, Texas on a day that the sun promises to overtake the clouds. 65 degrees.
nope. I dodged this one! Lol
Fidel will outlive us all.
I will post videos of me playing once i learn how to play good enough me and my sister will follow me people I love samantha so much! :D
Haters I remember all yall ...
< reporter for AJC would like to talk 2 atlanta folks who donated to end slavery. pls help spread the word.
Most intensive workout of my life.
xo “: Marty Thomas! I love his voice! So amazing! Missing you already :)”
I want to live in that dream.
Spotted the letters of the reclusive B. Traven at the
Fuck I'm up late
no I said niggas dont do that..re read ur shit snoot
selena fans can get frustrated in this photo :D
We want to know-- what are your favorite #flowers to use in arrangements?
Thank you for the great holiday party. Really had a great time and Met some great people.
Hummingbirds are back in Indiana... Time to get the feeders back out.
Wish I could see this in person. RT : We will be riding with the boulder tonight, live-tweeting all night long!
take it to the Wiese coast
Just general sub, not via an agent?
ANO OMG! I COULDNT BELIEVE IT, i didnt think he would, i just tweeted! :O!!! tc?
Sounds Great.
Off to get my post bday/half marathon massage. Please be quiet for the next 90mins.
I did have my iPhone w/ me, so it wasn't a total computer/web detox.
Finally getting to sleep 4real after almost 40 hours awake! Ttyl
Love this quote "Never be afraid to try, remember...Amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic." Author Unknown
would it score your total or against each other? good to know I'm in good company!
CEO Kathleen Feely "Data can show how we can save money and provide better services"
RT "When Groupon goes public, 100 of us can join together and get a discount on the IPO price, right?"
#Miami a 3 seed forced to travel to Spokane,WA for the first round? Idk how your girls are gonna fair
Support metal! Follow
I'm in my mom's pc and she hasn't got the new twitter. It feels so weird, but cool anyways!!
Freddy needs to take Pavano out for drinks and thank him after the game!
is everyone ready lol
OTTAWA, ON tomorrow @ MAVERICKS w/ LIGEIA!! Who's coming out?!
This guy driving in his car is drumming on his steering wheel with ACTUAL drumsticks. Did I mention he's driving?
damn I went to a festival with my dad when I wss real young. You kno of any in the cincinnati area? Or jacksonville NC??
have you looked at 's work on fakesters in MySpace? Good stuff.
l actually have a life.
If You're Happy and You Know It #InappropriateFuneralSongs -Hannah
Ahaha Dan Dan we should go together (:
Damn … she is going to become a victim of throttling!!
worst part? its an invite only show. friends and family of the band, so they knew what they were getting into here. dumbasses
So mad right now...
aw imisses you too ! sorry im #late you knw hw often iget on
So I drove by RHS today and thought of you... Actually, felt bad for you
Having a conversation about balls with lexis family ^.^ lmao
maybe both.
is your puppy a girl? How about MINAJ or Miranda July.
Also We are thankful of your support. Nobody is cooler than
#3WordsOfAdvice S the D
Nemesys live on the air with Mile High Underground! Live acoustic set!
To say thanks to our followers we r giving 50% off the rest of november. Take advantage of this great deal! 503 449 5164
. Thanks! Hope all is well with you. Hopefully our paths will cross again one of these days.
U was da original who was suppos to b by me
Hey Guys, thanks for the retweet! I was at the Stillwater Shanghai Bistro location though and not the Hudson one. Take Care!
AYE happy people
1st day on Windows 7. Actually impressed.
that's something I can agree with. :)
Whats love got to do got to do with it ? Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
lol what for that's not cute
as it is meant to be
It's not MW without TUs. Am I doing this right?
can you follow me :-) <3
its raining and i just realized i left my windows halfway down.
Don't bluff at me, I always win.
And the Award for best acceptance speech goes to....... THE FOO FIGHTERS
In orlando. Forgot mac charger, waiting for the mall to open so I can get one from the mac store
Are you getting out and shooting at night too?
heh, i interviewed for a few of those jobs...
chasing that 4.0 this semester =]
RT : RT : #Revit 2012 has native Point cloud support. Details hopefully to follow...
I love crafty business!
how old is he?? I hate to even mention it but "Benadryl"..that was a whisper i the wind yo heard ok>
Blessed passing and much love to Davy Jones. He was my first love @ age seven, I still listen to his songs today. Gone too soon I'm in grief
President seems to be echoing with his #Barnard address: 'Fight for your seat at the table.'
Nobody wants to answer the phone or txt me bck !!!
If your blacked out with your sac out, this is what you say
#SomberSongs Fall From the Watchtower
broiled? yes I'm learning about the fine art of 'broiling' in this strange land. We'd usually just say 'grilled'.
My body was not ready for this weekend. Hooooooo.
ANTHONY HAS AN EYEBROW PIERCING I ONLY JUST REALIZED THAT NOW CAUSE HIS PROFILE PICTURE WOW OMG<3 beautful.
you're too far, sweetheart
Note to self. men wear jeans to #babyshowers. I'm in dress pants.
Done! RT : Say #Cacao to Monday! It's #CacaoMonday - Whisper, Tweet, Shout or Sing Cacao at least once today!
Some people call me the space cowboy....
have't seen this i a while. Still can't get over the God line at 45 seconds. HAHAH just saw it again o
Longhorns getting man handled out there... Ready to see the tide roll over vandy
Today is National High Five Day! Who would you like to #highfive? A big high five to all of our UNM community!
RT : Aloha receiver Sheldon Prince out with left foot injury. Grant leads 37-27 entering 4th
i'm still alone
Bylines longer than paragraphs in the text = fail.
that's really how I'm feeling..
love you too bro, are you settled in at home ?!
I would totally let Jessica Biel blow me.
Thank you!! I can't wait to see you at
be in touch with Carol J. of the Philadelphia Orchestra. There is an opening at Curtis.
I got em crossed <3 hope things work out cus I want yuh to be happy like me
He has been DECENT this year, but awful for years. I have no faith in him.
I hope he's watching ur spot one.
New Relic, Splunk, Nagios.... monitoring/perf tools being discussed on Rails Apps at Scale panel.
yeah yeah we will see.
Please stop by the Sherman Oaks Farmers' Market this afternoon starting at 3 pm!
Anyone interested in going to the Inspire Women luncheon tomorrow in Houston? If so, message me!
two semesters after graduation!
So who said lebron was going to get a ring? Haha
chapter 2 will be up tomorrow :)
: Don't make do extra work! It's totally my fault! will have to be ok with it. He only lost 3 I think!
So much planned to accomplish this summer, so little time! What do you plan to do this summer?
first time watching #basketballwives and ain't no punk. found him a keeper.
Where the UMC and North Carolina fell short, Obama is spot-on. I guess the third time's the charm.
daughter, go,” she replied; 3and off she went. She came and gleaned in a field, behind the reapers; and, as luck would have it, #Torah 28/
no! I though you was at the movies. I will let you get back you movies
Okay now I'm playing a new game, we're calling "Bible Balderdash"
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Cameron Roberts °Rising 8th °North Charleton, SC °Travel Team: Low Country Elite °Small Forward 5’9
Happiness is just around the corner <U+2728>
u guys r doing a great thing btw. A caring lad u are indeed.
I left my phone charger in my car....
I am well. Back on network radio (Yahoo!). Got lucky. When I was laid off they were looking. LOVE Houston, TX! How are you?
Finish Free Blacks Essay, CHECK Finish in class work homework, CHECK Now it is time for Monday Night RAW!
Double loyalty points all day! See you at dinner tonight!
Tickets sales are going fast!!! Get your tickets for tomorrow nights concert Welcome to America before its sold out!!
Having my number doesn't get you a step closer to my vagina.
So...uh...you wanna know who's coming to PXY Summer Jam? Find out 4/16 on ! Any guesses?
yall gardner Webb biitches want touch me yall couldnt even mention me u have to do iit in a indirect way
: Twitter did that thing where it randomly unfollowed a few people and you were one of them! :(
Who saw Groupon CEO Andrew Mason on this morning? Clout = a new form of tooth decay? Okay then...
Thanks Jess. RT : Hate playing favorites but 1881 might be my new fave beer. Seriously good beer.
Thanks for the RT We're moving to If you'd like to keep getting updates from us please follow our new account
I was just looking at Nicki minaj's Twitter the other day and then it Up and disappeared!!! Wtf!!!
I was supposed to to to the mall to day nut I didn't get to... o well
Ok trailblazers,I deserve this,JJ Hickson, wow.I would talk smack about they are so bad I will not go to the game.watchin on tv like a fool
still hard to believe he disclosed financial info as cfo of a public company. not smart.
Agreed, Cong staff too RT Women are 52% of the population. The need equal representation in Congress.
You ain't gotta like Kobe but you gone respect his game
tell them if they aren't happy don't keep voting for the same old people (city, state and fed)
Thanks for the RT & I add you to #FF :)
I'm tired wtf I almost said I'm tires uhggg
i am a big fan of 7th heaven
your choice is clear: all the way. Do it right, man.
...is this just fantasy...?
Good Luck Lady Cadets!!! Win State
It is petite. Like you.
is seriously the only thing in the whole universe that makes me truly happy, without him I don't know if I would even be here.
Fist pump push up chap stick! It's #JerzDay bitches!!!!
It's May Day in PDX, and your commute could be affected by demonstrators. Live coverage on Fox 12.
Don't forget Keith. He's been an offensive ghost.
Had a good time tonite in Seattle they were ready @ checkyourponytail@ pictureplane
The leader of the group noticed me. His eyes grew wide. The others turned. My finger rested on the trigger.
Corporate Paralegal:
That idea goes back to Shakespeare who made many words to fit his poetry, and these words are still used today.
i cnt wait!
Whats the point, it already passed! The Supremes decision will be the next big step to solidifying the law!!
I love my team
twitter must be really over loaded, i keep having to navigate away from it, and then come back
thank you a little late :-)
rbahlman@ welcome to twitter. Go Cats and Badgers this weekend!
First Saturday in 3 weeks its going to be beautiful tomorrow! Come see us Santa Teresa Kaiser in south San Jose 9am-2pm #ahi is ready!!!
I totally clicked it.
Agree! RT : doc well expect the same from you after ASTRO or similar meeting, and will want an ASCO update!
Getting ready for my trip to LA!!
I am indeed. You'd never know it from my "accent" which doesn't exist... expect for the word y'all. That's never going away.
Caffeine intoxication! Please let me sleep already@#!
Alex's CDs are in! Can't wait to see them!
Lotus project now has full working windscreen wipers - only took 7 hrs to modify & fit - even had the wiper motor working - Unbelievable
Online Information Session for Prospective Students. Wednesday, Sept. 28, 12am-1pm. RSVP to .
I'd rather live in his world, than live without him in mine.
watching Master Robson Moura vs. Jeff Glover. amazing match
...Why Delta can get away with anything: Biscoff.
“ “ that moment when you're reading old messages and you're thinking " where did we go wrong ..””
Hi!I'm glad you found me! I had been stalking Gary's twitter trying to find you. :)
Patriots game today retweet it u are a pats fan
Feels like summer:-) wonderful
. is doing art department duties- which is a fancy way of saying she's trying every possible combo to unlock an old suitcase.
Spend it on a toothache, grilling on my burfday. ;)
Knowledge is an antidote to fear.
oh thanks lol
I'm sad.. won't tweet me back.
The shake weight is my best friend
I want to commend Stadium Fred Meyer cashier Simona for going above & beyond call of duty. Where can I tell you more?
Interview blunders to avoid: if interviewed between 11AM and 2PM and your hosts don't feed you, do not ask what's for lunch. Look elsewhere.
Then don't have a Twitter..... That's what it's for....
#YouCantHaveSwagg if u live wit yo momma and yo daddy at the age of 25
yeah I love all the old Wizards stuff. haven't fully bought into the new brand. I'm always keeping my eyes peeled for old merch
Counting the minutes
now i follow u!!!!
There are some good ones in there. The Facebook Twitter switch at the end threw me.
I love you.
american is fallin behind an if ppl dnt get it togetha wit the education an jobs the usa will b a third world country mark my words
FYI, I always stalk your tweets. But can you imagine how white TG's legs are? Tragic.
I am starting a blog post as we speak. This proves more tempting than grading.
WHERE can you play bingo in #kc?
aww man i miss twitter <3
Oh, there was an election today.
Happy Friday #DragonflyRockstars!!!
Speaking of Tonka trucks.. there are some at @ the Hawthorne/CAT table. Give 'em a spin!
that sounds like one hell of a team.
Reason 5 to love the BBA, we think social media is an important asset to hear what the neighborhood is saying.
Glad to help; you really have a flair for naming things: love your Twitter name & the Data Liberation paper.li
Little known fact: If you uncheck all of your Facebook privacy settings, Mark Zuckerberg sends you a picture of him banging your mom.
you ever catch Studio Sixty on the Sunset Strip? Think it's only one season on Netflix. Totally like that.
Thanks Misha
you are so very welcome :)
We'll be looking at the details of President Obama's 2013 #budget today, especially related to education & research.
Started to read Eat.Pray.Love.
LOL @ crying to this song rn
well then Ben will be part of bachelor failed relationships.
Thanks for the mention!
Still can't get used to NBA announcers calling out "Meta Worldpeace"
Trans fats certainly existed then and these are generally agreed to be even more harmful
It is a big plus that there are pictures of them- what a pair!
we are done! after a great, sold-out run, lyric is waiting has closed. it was a wonderful, wonderful time
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.
ITS GAME TIME BABY @ START. LETS GO BABY!!!!!
Nugs are tryna be slick and beat the bulls..
educate me please. what is good about it?
HoeLies #30: I'm over my ex.
We're on our way!
Andrew Young has produced work on Africa, Rwanda specifically and there is also a lot of unseen civil rights film
RT : ...that song is about racism against black men. To have it covered that way by a white man is unfortunate. Ick.
What is this emergency maintenance you speak of #Diablo3?
It's 'coz you're a midwesterner! We all go nuts for butternut squash!
Goodmorning Avery B.
Did you know the Baton Rouge Blues Foundation was throwing you a pre-Birthday Festival April 14? Downtown in Town Square @ NOON
it is so. 13 yrs can't complain. He left on his own terms.
RT : Making mistakes does not mean you're a failure. It just means you're trying and learning in life.
With the advent of increased data storage and bandwidth, it kind of renders the point of compressed music moot.
#creepycvsworker stop following me
Marilee Lindemann describes "Madwoman with a laptop" - check out the blog "Roxie's World." Is a blog just as valid as the monograph?
I think the whole "cowgirl" look is SO cute. Cowboy boots, daisy dukes, and a cute top <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I just wouldn't have anywhere to wear it at lol
Up and at it this morning. Lots to do before heading to the Yum this afternoon.
Agreed, I have def noticed that. Problematic because takes much longer than they needs to. Simple phone call is efficient!
Ecclesiastes 11:9 He that observeth the wind shall not sow; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap?
Packing up for biz trip to France on Sunday before fun wknd gets under way!
Where are you guys going to be today!! Let us know!
Love it! Do not be limited by others expectations of you. Know your core & live your vision.
For some people you just have to spell it all out--just like you would when speaking to a 4-year old.
Shhhhhhh, what's the secret sound?!? Obviously I won't win...I just want to know what it is!!!! Driving me crazy!!
I've been waiting years for this data to be released, but I'll be even happier once it's properly indexed!
To everybody following me, I'm not always on so I'll follow y'all ASAP k? :) xoxo - krysten!
Week is going well so far, let's keep it going through hump day!!
....sounds about right.
I look stupid trying to find this spider
Today belongs to the resolution makers, tomorrow belongs to the commitment keepers, results or excuses are the only rewards..."Do It Now!"
#Yee For sure, I don't know your email, though.
Hahaha got to love haters<3:P
Alaska's orange coast--a native wonders if it could be climate change..
" I need a job..I be bored "
i'm bored.
who we working over..hell..I don't care...just need to hit someone
School work dun. Happy V-day Everyone!
what? For real? Why?!
Merry whatever you celebrate! Whether it's religious, family or just a day off work.
for some quality social media info.
FP is messed up...bottom row is obviously from a different treasury..doesn't match.
So sleepy. Must. Remain. Vigilant. Against. Mice.
And I am hoping that all have a great weekend and keep their walk shoveled n'at.
haha ohh that's no bueno :/ I am good I leave Tuesday so I am gettin anxious!
i asked for one direction too!! march 30th i requested for it to be put on a playlist (way ahead of the teeny bopper curve here)
#milwaukee Lets enjoy this winter together. Gain knowledge on cabinets, doors, windows, moulding, plumbing, electrical, power tools & more!
Smashing your guitar feels totally punk rock until you realize that now your guitar is fucked up. A boy scout's prepared, brings a spare.
The kings are too sick....
I LOVE making internet friends! They make my day! its really nice to hear from people who dont have to like my voice me y'know?
Why do smelly people drink water out of large jugs?
Follow Me Please!? 26
they're choke artists
I really want to be there!;) But I hope it next to you!!;)<3
So sleepy
Read on Twitter: "You can tell what God thinks of Rick Perry. Rick Perry prayed for rain, and Texas caught fire."
This is speaking to me today RT : If you have to fear something, fear mediocrity. ~ Alex Bogusky RT
Just decided what my next cover is gonna be!! gonna try to get another one done this week :)
Thanks for the follow Have a good one!
RIP #BruceLee! Anniversary of his passing is today!! Enter the Dragon tonight:)
Mention Twitter during February to receive $5 off a car wash!
I forget where I saw this, but Rondo has more play-off triple doubles in the last 4 years than every other NBA player, combined.
Back from the Amalfi Coast. What a fantastic weekend in a beautiful place with awesome people. Only 3 days till my parents are in Florence!!
I love my bitches *shrug life* RT : Embrace your stretch marks ladies....
You're too busy for me.
I don't know if I should be worried or amused, but my co-worker who is well over 40 is playing Hello Kitty games on Sanrio's website.
How does #organic matter in your life? Share your opinion.
LA VIE
Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet. -Vietnamese Proverb
Bill Gates has given away $28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.
are you working with other people in Austin too? We only play the didgeridoo at the office after daily Phish singalong.
im not the one tweeting about people i hate you are..
Your journey may "MOLD YOU" but DO NOT allow comfort and complacency with your journey to cause you to MOLD!
just brushed her teeth. m mint
i think a quick nap might do me worse than no nap at all....9 more hours
Had fun at the movies with ma and baby bro...
the only thing we need to fear is fear itself. -franklin d. roosevelt(:
How are you surviving this heat? A ice cold Guinness is keeping us going!
#Tigers pen is awful... its early yes but it has cost them too many games already for being early
Finished front display area for Cream Perfumes. Christmas is coming are you ready. If not we can help with that special purchase.
New York and Florida can make it 2 more correct #NHL series value picks tonight in Game 7s.
Is anybody still #drunk from #NYE besides us?
It's true. That fourth self mix is part of the beauty of the game. No designated mixers for me.
Another day another dollar! Rise and grind!!!!
About to head down to the for Game 2.
that's a great view
Storyopolis Entertainment announces it will once again be producing high quality content in children’s sector for the movie and television
Sara will be at Homesmart (1901 W. William Cannon) from 3-5pm today! Come by and get some Mix gear!
Fight Club
#patioing = my favorite verb! Once this baby arrives, it's champagne all the way! C u tonight Chicago!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW HIT ME UP
Help me ! Stole all mu ideas ! Give me some advices ! I need your help ! :(
hey, we need to get together and catch up before i leave for college!
"Since the Middle Ages alchemists have been trying to discover the secret for transmuting baser metals into gold..."
hopefully it will be a good Christmas this year
wow. my friend just woke me up at 7............. I cant go back to bed nowww..
Atlanta - March 2nd - 4th need females for Power Shoot. You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
Amen X Meek Mill
watching slc faculty learn "we r who we r" by kesha. priceless.
thanks, just recently realized they have a live SDK. See you Thursday!
If you “don’t have time” then fit shorter but more frequent periods of time, like 5-10 minutes several times a day throughout your day....
I would of watched The 3 Musketeers if they would of cast Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones and Gennifer Flowers as the musketeers.
DIFFERENCE In Presidential Candidates: President Obama is an Open Book, mitt romney is a "Fortress" with armed guards. No "Choice" at all!!
you should check out the homes on my site if you think that was great, you'll LOVE these! www.buyandsellatlantaproperties.com
what fine life we are living.
Another Beautiful Day in the Mile Hi City 5280......
Panda Express :D
VERY cool perk! RT : RT : We're providing workspace for 3 of the winning teams
Softball game, then with my boy <U+2665>
Hi, I blocked about 150 of those ladies and would you believe I know have about 200 people that are following me. The more you block
WHAT? what the frick? no... I love Peyton
#MyMotherToldMe I am an amazing cook (:
Congratulations to Ken Jones from Las Vegas. He won today's noon tournament.
This is true. Just figure people wouldn't react the same w/ Miku, (tho she gets grief for all kinds of other inane reasons)
No, that's fine. They said I could call at 5, so I'll do that. See you tonight!
dang...now i really need to head back...-_-
Shamrock shakes are the best!(:
Inhale the good shit, exhale the bullshit.
Morning! I'm getting a trenta iced coffee, no sugar, no ice. Enjoy your Friday!
You guys the killed it on the
Thank you for your time! What a great lunch. Somm cook off coming soon!
When u on top! The bottom wants to see U! Don't let them see U! they tryn to take U down!
i just read someone tweeted "ask ur paresnts for money" as#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s, shouldn't have quit that by the time ur 20???
I wish I could just be on twitter all the time.
I truly don't think so! Terrible! Can weather at the get any worse? .
SO much weed, Mickey's 40s, dropped off @ studio, 4 songs in 5 hours, 2 bud lights, a red silo cup full of ear wax hash omg, got home safe
Happy birthday to the ever cool !
Just because i tweet you doesnt mean im interested!! Somebodys just a little bit cocky.....
Anyone else extremely busy at work this month?
ahh idk im always lazy on fridays & sat im going dress shopping :-P
o yea I was at that show :) and yea he is just so adorable I want to eat him ;) lol
tell us why you hate your boss.
Now THAT stinks! :(
then at the end of the line they cook all of it..
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Real Monsters :-) :-) :-)
I smile as if there was camaras with in every step i took :))
Occupy grace and mercy. Occupy bible studies. Occupy your church pew with neighbors and friends. Occupy your life with Jesus.
Obscurities & Rarities in full effect.
starting today, I'm going to stop worrying so much about the future. what's meant to happen will happen.
I'd trade coffee for 5 Hour Energy if I could drink what tastes like a vitamin ground up with 7 Splenda packets without retching.
Tell everyone that #scout and #imore are way awesome. Then I'll play until I fall asleep on the screen
Hi, Lisa!!
aww (: im going to try to go to the studio , u?
Excited about travel training #Sandals #Disney #Apple Vacation #CLIA, etc. lots of training lined up in the upcoming months.
glad to hear you didn't buy it. It would have been very confusing for your twitter family. DM me size and address for a Noodle Tee
OMG her butt has a butt!
Can't believe I stessed so much on who to play between Spiller/D. Brown & Mo Morris/M. Williams TB. It always come down to this.
,i l,ove you too
One of my students wrote a song about Ask Metafilter for her final project. I <3 teaching. And Ask MeFi.
what did you expect...something different?
Just saw your photos on FB, they are so cute! I haven't been to Riley's Farm in forever!
Interested in helping us spread the word about the upcoming play production of BILL W & DR BOB?
Cheating on your spouse is just not worth dying for. I guess we won't figure that out until it happens.
nope, why?
The smell has faded but that was just strange...add changing the filters to the list of things to be done round these parts.
RT : Every design decision you make has to be justified by an improvement to the user experience. // +1
Looks like Tatooine! (with only one sun)
There is no distance that you can not go, neither goal can not be reached!!
Her iPhone keeps streaming "2001" as a warning. RT I wonder if Siri is getting as tired of Zooey Deschanel as I am.
Definitely setting a record tonight for # of coins worn during a live bellydance performance; gonna make some noise!
Tweet your list!
It works for me...haha.
Jake has been off running a marathon so the site took a sabbatical but, he is back and so is bps. new nba power rankings up
Reminds me of Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon and The Baroque Cycle (as opposed to Liss and A Conspiracy of Paper)
My new fav word is gumption
OMG! You guys are wonderful! To say nothing about your abilities. Go Blazers!!
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. - Henry Ward Beecher
Goin outside to defrost cold AF in This house
#Gingrich is right about
The Broncos weren't Tebow crazy, Broncos fans were tebow crazy. They'll forget that once they win without holding their breath
Just from CNN "concerned that Washington Monument might be tilting" #earthquake Sure hope not!
hello ariana this photo signature that is written is ariana?
I'm legal to drive in CA! :) (See all the exciting things I've been up to? :) )
If you were at the Trash Bash.
Gourmé Mist, a healthy and delicious topping to Arugula Salad with Pomegranate and Toasted Pecans! Now at a Whole Foods Store near you.
yep and ma sweet 15 coming next year so uk ur invited
no lol im hoping i do at the upfronts tho
It's so cool to watch you get high with Frodo every week.
Mrs. Maine Packfan says tell the team: B SMART, B FAST, B HUGE, B RUTHLESS, but HAVE FUN and KNOW THAT YOU ARE LOVED!!
Where is my dad?? I want breakfast!! The first thing I'm gonna buy when I'm rich is a chef
Hm. I use peanut butter and real maple syrup. You should try it.
Are enjoying with friends in canada hahahahaha
what u mean u kno me explain
“: I'm sure that wasn't the only thing makin the house rattle LOL have u met mark yet?" hahahaaaa! Get it!
good news! Just heard from City staff that the lanes are scheduled to be striped by the end of this month
after this board room we may never get visas to Argentina !!!!
Thanks for the follow all the way from Japan, Believe it or not I get to Japan every once in a while, Fantastic record stores.
The last couple of weeks have been a Cash Fail! New Debt inspired Sound Design up now on #productionvault!
Aww, I'm ready for the show to come back. WHEN?!?! (I miss the #SingleLadies...)
Since when did baltimore police have horses?
Anthony, very cool! This is good to hear:-)
I really do like The Mentalist though. It goes extra hard to me. Would go so much harder on Showtime.ooooweeee
you watching this?
A couple glasses of wine some cheese and a shot of moonshine.
Going to bed a happy lady all because you texted me :)
Alright TwitNation legit question: Please tell me that The Polk Family was not the only family that put sugar in our Grilled Cheese sandwich
Listening to Stephen Bajjaly is making me homesick.
Today is packed! #opensource cmte mtg, see financial adviser, rental viewing, coffee date, dinner plans & more I've likely forgotten.
I want Texas In July to come back to Indy.
Focus on the journey, not the destination
Do you watch #Smash? Where did Debra Messing's husband go? Did he leave her? I must have missed an episode...
Does anyone have a plan once the replace an incumbent? Or do they think that change will automatically fix everything?
They tried..
Woody Guthrie archives: Q: why did you write all those songs about the Dust Bowl? A: 'well, I was there and the dust was there'
dat mj is a scorer n lbj is mayb da greatest of all time which i think is bs-ill
I got some suggestions
Good night
Hey Thanks for following :)
Happy birthday! I hope you have a great day :D
one of my buddies kills it at fifa. Never seen him win by less than 5.
Just making sure you're good and awake! How are you feeling this morning? Better?
will share Howto write-a-thon details next week
girl....all my friends are preggo with girls, it must be in the air :-)
Though allergy congestion is improved today, I am still about to fall asleep despite 8 hours of sleep last night: coffee it is.
There are so many good movies out in theaters! Or they look good, they might suck, sometimes they look good but suck
Walk is going great! We are in Montgomery.
THE CIRCLE OF LIFE!!!!!
You, my friend, are ready for the soup!
My sister says Google is God lol!!
uh 1st and 2nd hours are the worst!!
Listening to old songs reminds me of my childhood days back in Elementary. Oh how I miss those days so much. </3
What is your weekend read?
That is gross. You should somehow find a way to do a laptop punch.
At school: Man I am so tired. Like seriously, as soon as I get home I am going to sleep. *Gets home* PARTY PARTY PARTY! SO HYPER! WOO!"
no problem :) blah back to school tomorrow haha i'd say text me but i dont want u getting in trouble
FUCK THAT PUSSY ASS VOiCE!..&&ND LEARN HOW TO SPELL PUSSY!..NA i "MENTiONED" YOU...
Have you seen previews for HBO's new series LUCK yet? I'm curious! 'Bout time they took the cameras to the racetrack!
dear justin bobby, please share your secrets.
Have fun, Jill!
Almost at 100 followers! Hook us up guys ;3
Love overhearing people talk about out in the world!
The start of a 20 week massacre.
SEXY Sundays at The Place with the DollHouse DJ's
i liked song it was pretty smooth.
Finished all my homework, and stuff. #Showerhour c.,
How much time do they give you to direct/edit an episode? You've been working for WEEKS on this.
Maule Mauleeee, Boo picture today made me think of you, I smiled for hours
Oprah has her favorite things or whatever. I got my favorite shit Led zeppelin 2 FFA jacket A can of cope Peaches Grits Kisses You Sunshine
don't forget females. If you wanna share the court with me you earn it lol
B*llsh*t! RT in writing, curse or do not, asterisks make you look weak
My Brand New Web Site is being blocked by U. It has NO malware. Im trying to help vets. Y R U preventing?
i feel completly stupid now !!
That would be a travesty. A mug it is!
its good. To know that there's someone out there that has some of the same likes that i have that's great
I assume you're south of me cause I'm not familiar with that name...
never had so many people tweet at me! I should talk bad about a celeb more often...Lol. guess what people, they don't care. shocker.
Tired from all this ot this week but I'll be downtown soon as I recover
I have not been alone for 20 yrs.. Don't want to worry about a man for awhile..and he better be my "Dream Man"!
she claims to hail from "HaWarlem" actually
RT if your watching teen hoot online <3
Aww! So cute!
We own twitter #GOSPURSGO RT : Do Spurs fans use twitter?
now, I love stronger by. kelly and beautiful people by. chris brown . How bout you ? <3
Cortwright #talentdividend regression analysis shows 60% of differences in metro area income explained by education attainment
Where can i get that you ask???
Hey! exist :( I love you! Notice me this is sad :( but love you
oh ok, I love it. Never heard the term before until. Have to add it to my vocab.
It took him 6 years to discover that you were bad at singing? :)
Inspiring bio. We are citizens of the planet too! Come and learn about your #health and #wellness inspired #adjustments!
Sounds like a great day!
That's great! And Harry is a super cutie!
Not sure I said it, but thanks for the follow. Look forward to talking
“: on the suck for luck bandwagon the last 5 moths”--lmao!
she wants to talk about my dad's failure to eat well. endlessly.
oh...I love that song! Where is Jackson Browned theses days?
Let's take it down a notch shall we? Too much crazy to deal with before my 2nd cup of coffee.
#fillintheblank! I reward myself for getting to the gym and eating healthy by treating myself to shakes
Have a gr8t holiday weekend! Gobble,gobble!
oh it's very appropriate.
Tiny tiny tiny snow.
Paternity leave is over. Back to work today. ARGH. yet... refreshing? Paternity leave should be 18 years long though me thinks.
Next Grammy a DJ session should be done on stage!!!
What you never expect in a man is what you should suspect in a fool
She is at Vestibule 2C
Back when I was a kid we stared at the wall when we took a shit and we liked it!
When a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in confederacy against him.
20/20/20 Rule- Protect your vision: look away from your computer screen every 20 min for 20 sec & focus on something 20 ft away.
please hook it up!
to deliver State of Hollywood speed on Jan. 26 at the Taglyan Cultural Complex. Contact Hollywood Chamber for tickets.
Alright, anybody have a Firefall beta invite code they want to share? I would really love to try this game...
just a red hot spark that's looking for a little flame trying to find the perfect place to grow. She's a wildflower.
It sucks when you're trying to get all fly but have no time because you gotta rush out the door. -______-
My March Madness was twarted by an unexplainable, atrotous, and loathsome effort shown by the Memphis Tigers
It's San Mateo day today. Meeting with Doubletree Suites and the Kingfish Restaurant.
THANK YOU TO Dalon Collins, 214, Deonis Cook and Anointed Dancers for helping to make the event a great success! BLESSINGS TO YOU!!!!!
boy they do. And the new orange unis don't help. Lol
ok we must watch something extra happy ASAP! I vote muppets.
I have an app for that :)
Thx Beverly! PeopleBrowsr is looking forward to it as well. Priscilla is joining me from our SF office.
where do you train?
LOL Who am I Too Say No 2 a BJ
stop eating and get online
RT : HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE...
it's hard to make Compliance Rules in the Financial Sector an exciting topic... >8-]
Agreed! Case in point "The In-Laws"
First time the #RedSox have won four straight at home since July 24.
You know there's no Whataburgers in Miami right ? just saying... ;P
kinda reminds me of our h.s parties
Thousands of people die a year from Cigarettes. No one dies from smoking weed.
she looks like
are you ready to come back to Cincinnati yet?
Also hope that Betty Draper Francis makes an appearance
I love you
was there a local Denver story you were looking for specifically that I could help with, or were you just venting in general?
gud jus been on my grind. Workin so much. How u been?
Naga? (I'm still watching S1, and am like 16 episodes in)
Baylor University will be in the house at
we certainly did miss you being there too :-) they said they want us to come back soon.
can't blame anyone for trying
ok ! I cut down the cherry tree ! Now give me ! lol
TAKE IT EASY OUT THERE G!
whoorli is a great platform to advertise your personal brand.
myrtle beach!
yeah, right
Check your gmail pleease! Important request re training tonight
Superstition, bigotry, persecution => fruits of ego regardless of the religion.
thanks 4 the awesome card
sorry my phone died! ima call you from the house okay?
Just had LSU fans in the office to tour our facility and after they left there was a corndog smell in the air... strange
DON'T BLAME WORDPRESS!
Floodgates opened.
Are you presenting or just attending? Looking forward to seeing you either way...it's been too long!
Make YOUR DAY a Slammin ONE:)...
and...Mean Mothers: Independent Women's Blues, Volume 1 (Rosetta).
Inspired by some art at Craft & Folk Art Museum and by the magic of cowbird.
Toddlers and tiaras may be the most ridiculous yet entertaining shows. I wish I could meet these girls when they are in high school.
Good morning tweets! Half day at school for me #happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#SomeoneWhoCan let me just be myself
making a note of whose naughty and nice?
Why are the guys in never back down so hot?
#NYC users - if you're near the Cosmopolitan hotel take a photo of a room and upload to you'll earn instant cash!
and you can't prove that anything happened so meh!
Worried that I'm 3-5 years away from the Frank Vogel receding-hairline look.
yea they are
Thanks for the follow
It's so important to never forget that we must treat every customer with legendary service. We have no idea how their day is.
Great time at Villains Tavern last night. Federici's new accordion straps worked accordingly. Fun show!
Android or IPhone? Hm Iphone
Saying, "Thats crazy!" ... when you haven’t been listening to someone.
No, I did not spend the last two hours of work hiding in a coffee shop seated in a sumptuous leather chair. I was reflecting and planning.
"Classism" won't go away until classes do.
We'll see... maybe next time they come in we can talk to them to see if we can help figure out the issue
Why am I still trying? Havent you realized I would do anything to have you to call mine again? Once you've had the best, you cant do better.
We love you too! RT : Y'all. I may be in love with all of the They are SO GOOD.
by the way fufu told me yal was tryin to look at my husbands photos lol in ypsilanti lol my son scared yal lol
Thanks for joining us. We had a great time.
Heh, I didn't know we were The McAuliffes either :)
I totally agree with you in regards 2 the Bulls running the table w/o Derrick Rose its next 2 impossible.
Who is excited for the 76ers playoff game tomorrow? is singing the anthem!!
Hope you enjoy Takeout & Delivery and have an awesome day!
drugs and the dog terd he calls a cigar has really fried his brain!
Must go to soon. too many attempts foiled.....
On my way to Mound City, KS for a visit to Jayhawk Elementary!
All nighter before test or wake up early as hell and study #whatdouperfer?
how could I not, when you asked so nicely? And, thanks!
while lionizing Jerry Lewis
He is. :3 His eyes are my weakness. Like pools of perfect blue or something. :'D
Rob Mullins (((SATURDAY NIGHT))) at Jazz Under the Stars, ABQ Museum. He's AMAZING-- you gotta check'em out.
Happy birthday to me! Lol
that sounds so good right now i love chocolate...no homo? lol
PCAK staff & 35 H.A.N.D.S. Home Visitors shared tips and techniques for actively engaging dads. Way to go KY!!
HOW'S YOUR BREAK BEEN LIL BUNS?
Love #SVU. Thank you for having on again. Please make her permanent!
Check out some of my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus763
Babe this..nd babe tht! Blah i call my man Daaddy!!!!! Lls
Duh! Obviously.
"That's what." - She
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle
See you tonight at the SYP Dallas September Happy Hour! Come meet and mingle with new faces at The Londoner - Uptown Dallas!
Today's gonna be a chill day
Just finished reading The Girl Who Played With Fire. So satisfying!
do you want to go the the beach in the morning and the get lunch and ride up together? :)
yur rite boo . We gotta find sumone who does them for the low smh. I will walk round htown all day askin ppl lmao
A Walk To Remember #top10FavoriteMovies <3
I'll be there. RT : any of you #mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for #aam2012?
I'm so happy seeing tighthead on tap.
Good to be at Miller Park tonight. Is the roof staying open?
Happy Tree Day! Such wonderful weather this morning, and tonight is one of my favorite meals followed by a beer and chocolate tasting.
thanks for reaching out. We're in the process of moving our offices, so it's hectic. Let's stay in touch thought!
no doubt!
There Is NOTHING That Faith Can NOT Accomplish. Faith Has NO Limits. ALL Things ARE POSSIBLE To Him Who Believes...(Leather Bound Book)
“: Its 6:15 AM and my little boy has already told me 3 lies. SMH!!”>>>hehe
do you see a entrepreneurial opportunity in everything? I'd love to bounce an idea off a self described zealot.
SUP BRO...MAN I JUST STARTED USING THIS TWITTER SHIT...LOL
I think if someone told and I to write a horror film, it would turn out like a much worse Cabin in the Woods. Great movie.
Finish photoshoot at Pier 39 San Francisco
shoulda convinced Arieh and co. to not shove all in on the lottery a while back.
just to butt in I think stretching a birthday out over a season is EPIC AND AWESOME
do you find it weird that whenever I play your songs in school I start to cry because I just love your voice so much? Lol
will be at the show live on Friday morning.
RT : Harry Freaking Styles.
i rock a fro myself so i can relate :)
This apple good af. But it's not Fuji lol
Figured it out. and I can move to London for the summer. I can see the olympics and she can chase boy bands
Heck yeah you can get a follow! Glad you enjoy our doughy rounds of goodness.
i can't find any moolah, so no soccer game for me. I think i'll just take a nap
Wroten thinks he's already in the league. such a head case.
Got in the classroom yesterday for a cleaning session--not too much dust. Psyched about having a ceiling mount projector this year.
Right and "Smoke", all you guys need the ball. Plenty talent, but can't see it working x's and o's wise. Gotta have balance.
yea he was there today
Great to see the #QRcode boom! Love the yellow theme to Kodak's. Enjoy Germany!
By persistently remaining single a man converts himself into a permanent public temptation. ~ Oscar Wilde
geez man! Your kids are really easy to shop for!!
Good morning tweeterville.
When you have multiple skills it's very important to read/analyze a job description to align your skills & experiences to their requirements
how can miss something I didn't go to
A house divided against itself cannot stand -Abraham Lincoln
I don't get to go back til like the end of july
meanwhile Kenny Dalglish's managerial career is coming to a sad end.
You okay there?
French wanted hope n change, now all their change will go to Bloated Globe trotting Socialists.. There hope will wither
By a show of LIKES, who else is ready for the weekend?
Any ideas for key words I can use to search it? I'm running up empty.
even doe we fuss n shit idc I aint no wea um n love wit her
I know they would.. Best wings in America..
I love you more AMBER!! (I don't have a nickname for you?? What??)
arg iknow lost almost all my hiragana progress :( <- sad face
Good luck to my business partner & BFF , who is talking about her platform "No Body's Perfect" at UVA today. She inspires me!
#nowplaying the latest dope supamix via #soundcloud. nice work again!
girl did you know alot of inteligent things come out of your mouth?
you may have out-sassed the with that one.. :P
En Vogue's "Don't Go"....man, shhhhhiii
Only cause yall are special RT : ": I think just text me *faints*"
Why do I have such an obsession with shopping.. I will probably be broke one day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Late night HIMYM w/
haha did I spell right now right?
I'm surprised you're even surprised. DSPs are the new ad networks. Thus, old ad networks are the new DSPs
My 5k tweet goes out to my favs & I don't know where I'd be w/o y'all #loveyall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
follow please(:
Sent you the stuff you needed for review . . . Chex it and Roll
#network Your Questions About Mexico Cartoon Network
I DO TEXT BACK :c
I can beat any two handed style bowler in the world... with one hand tied behind HIS back!
": If you can't laugh at yourself, I will." Hahah!! I love you.
For fun or work?
RT : Side by side or miles apart or heaven above, Mothers are forever close to your heart.
Good wishes much appreciated. It's an ice rink out there! :)
Best time of my life with my fam and gf in the Dominican. Couldn't have asked for more. Proud of my bro. And glad to be back home.
what are you thankful for?
is my life!
well, it's true if you are under the delusion the U.S. STILL occupies 'Mexico' (e.g. Cali).
fantastic Ignite presentation at #techcon!
The Next Wave of Social: Curated Integration bit.ly/uWUiBk via
So sorry. It is early and they are probably not in yet. Leave a message and you should receive a return phone call. Thank...
We're listening too! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
I'll save you one.
Cindy is now polling audience on their experiences with webinars
maybe it's just an east coast cult thing?
#WhatNotToSayToThePolice officer can u throw away this 40 I don't want to litter lol
When you're a mom, *every* day is
Alright, got to love all these new followers, eh?
I'm not crying it just allergies !
sure! Give me a few min
Thanks to & for the #FF shout-outs. Have a great week!
Teaching cool peeps about the fun of Twitter and mentioned #hamfail cc
Feeding your baby solid foods before 4-6 months may increase the risk of developing allergies, constipation, and even choking.
Yup, quite a bit.
Eyebrow piercing on a guy >
lol i really have! Look we can't do much it is in rural PA. It would be like if I went to Cumberland MD
Maybe where do you think you saw me?
Uh im tired dude
Am I the only one? Everytime talks about 'Robotics' something inside just says #WOW |
Evernote is awesome. Wonderful for organization once you setup saved searches.
DM Are you looking to fund or for funds? The business I started is going to be more than I can manage. DM me if interested.
You are the best. Thx for the follow. You should also follow my wife. She is an ace on twitter.
Just Unliked all the Hype!
Walmart here actually sells coconut bras...
Longest bye week ever. 4 more days until #SportingKC's first ever match against
haha ok sounds good
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 22
Is that available on Kindle?
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe stay with your true friends and fuck the rest. Don't trust nobody.
Amen & it's a damn shame. Soon we'll b paying wage rate.
RT : #FF the cool team: ...they are kicking ass & taking names in NYC
hey Tanisha it is Tiera\t.t well I did not know that you had a twitter but please follow me
Summer class start 2day
Mayor said last wk if city won it would "eventually" evict Occupy #ROC but wants to avoid "belly-bumping contests" btw police/protesters
<U+2730> Fact of the Day: The term "brand name" originated among American distillers, who branded their names and emblems on their kegs before s...
well your gorgeous! You take really good picture(:
RT : All I do is win win win no matter what!
Kinda tired of all this same-sex marriage shit on the news. Unless they're gonna pass a law for it now, I don't care anymore.
you know I like messin with you
I don't like bad boys, I like good boys that just don't give a fuck.
"I'm going to the supply room, do you guys need anything?" "I THINK YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED."
Nigel... Follow back?
M, 69 followers (;
dear santa, can you get austin or justin to follow? if you dont, ill be a very bad girl.
If you’re feeling hopeless or stressed, stop tuning-out (worrying & thinking externally) and start tuning-in (intending & imagining).
I'm gonna need best buy to release from work.
hi Nate...dying of embarassment but what does #FF mean? fast friends maybe? LOL as you can see I'm much older than you
$3 call drinks and $1 off all taps tonight! Catch Honest Monday playing Jam for Jam tonight at 8:00!
SHIT!! The Manchester United game on FX & the Manchester City game on ESPN 2!! It all comes down to this final game...
Research suggests that older women who are tea drinkers are 60% less likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than non drinkers.
Still trying to figure out what session to attend next - any suggestions?
"Naturally, the sight of a dog and a cat watching an egg brought the usual string of gawkers... and thrill-seekers" Love this movie :]
Our LAST Women with Moxie Mixer of the year! 6-8 tonight at Coppia in the Pearl! Come by!
outdoor stadium is literally the only thing I worry about for them. PM makes players better.
Why am i such a flirt failure?!?! RT : . is flirting with our ryan gosling lookalike server
Torts, can I get a RT?
GOT MI EYES SET ON HOPE HE AINT TAKEN///////LOL
Own goal doubles #SportingKC lead to 2-0. Vancouver looked gutted after it went in.
Mr. Moore, no need to double down on the misogyny to call Rush out. Progressives are fauxgressive unless they are feminists too.
let's see, Adele set fire to the rain, paramore crush crush crush, quantums remix of whacha say, flyleaf, & like an avalanche!
<<<<<follow him
go team caribian!
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask. ;)
While the rest of the world is adorned in green and shamrocks, why not wear a kilt to honor scottish st.patrick who was a slave to the irish
I hate people with fucked up teeth.
OVS Presents: "Images of a Lost World" Exhibit. Opening Reception & Exhibit Preview on Sunday, March 21, 3:00-5:00 p.m. RSVP by March 18.
Oh you know it!!! I absolutely cannot wait for the 1 1/2 finale. But then I will be sad & empty.
thanks for the shout out mang! Killer track!! :)
((having just a few friends that are real)) > ((having a bunch of fake friends))
Good man!
No matter how hard I try, I'll never be able to look at you and pretend to feel nothing.
What is your best, random bit of advice for inbound marketers out there? Stop thinking your idea is bad, lame, or boring
and they know I PUT ON
so is brandi too cool to create a twitter account on this road trip???
but for now I shall enjoy mr. West ^.^
Yes! Makes me crazy, why is the cord so short?!
Where else in the world other than Miami would an Enrique Iglesias remix of "How to Love" be played on the radio?
Now onto the weekend with a clear mind and more love for my family!
Marvin's room Drizzy Drake the best! (:
aw yay! Glad y'all r tweeting! See u Thursday Julie. Who do we have on the couch?
can't wait to see you in dallas!!! woohooooo!!! I saw you with britney, but i'm excited to see u again!
OH. I'm stupid. I didnt even realize that error. xD
“ “ When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on in the first place. #GirlFacts””
did you see this? www.inquisitr.com/59295/paul-shirley-haiti@ paulthenshirley
Peatrus is a bum!!
RT : [INFOGRAPHIC] #Social #Influence: Tips and tools for leveraging internal and external
Need a hotel in San Fran tonight? Hilton Financial $159, Holiday Inn Civic $99,Hyatt Regency $179 Call 877 551 6633 to reserve
this game is like in ffw LOL
Sunglasses and advil, last nite was mad real.
Desmond from #Lost (Henry Ian Cusick) is going to be on Fringe tonight! 9pm on Fox
Brilliant!! Mwuhahahaha *rubs hands excitedly*
Prosecutors point out Dr. Janci Lindsay is a paid consultant, paid an average of $300-325 per hour by the defense.
What do women want most? Good sex or clean fun?
My future car gonna have pink rims
I was at an ATM the other day, and an elderly lady approaches, and asked me to check her balance. So I pushed her.
There we go, FIXED.
I learned that from the last episode of "Nurse Jackie." Makes me forget, what decade is this?
yes sir
I was in an interdisciplinary program. Who do you think was at that panel?
Amen, In Jesus Name.
I have fallen behind on the 30 day challenge by several days! :( Got a bit hectic here, though I am determined to catch up!
good luck!
super bummer to find out the Denver show is 21+, so please come back three months later when I'm 21 ?
...good searchable keyword for Social Recruiting? TimeSuck?
8:30/Keith's Classical Corner: Keith is bringing us something from tonite's Pops Opening NIght Concert! Laura
With as many times as my phone has been dropped, it is a miracle it even works
Finally getting my first Rush Sector Box. Went with Sector 3 to start. Happy early birthday from my parents. :)
Please tweet at 4pm: I am a Central Florida resident, & even if I can't make the #FDOT meetings on 6/28, I fully support
You're honestly the most inspiring person.<U+2665> You give me hope.<U+2665>
loving & being slightly obsessive about my yummy veggies from the greenmarket at union square
that works...still have a hard time seeing Rieff fall that far...
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. John Maxwell
- thanks for responding to my tweet.
The Alec Baldwin show up move is not ok
Khloe and Lamar are the cutest couple ever.
thanks for the follow! Enjoy the tweets :)
AGC DVD replication order placed.
Just landed at Dulles. The Honor Flight passengers are in high spirits. Thanks to Delta for a great flight!
Rumor has it will be giving away #Little500 race & concert tickets tomorrow. Make sure to follow them so you don't miss out.
my gym teacher was all "get up" and i was all "take off ur shirt first" LMFAO IM STRANGE
I said it last year. DBacks have marginal talent. Got lucky w/ several career years at the same time last year.
is house/dog sitting
cause ull get hurt=(
"a lot of people think hovercrafts are cool, and they are." See what does with his team to respond to disasters.
All movies filmed in Mass rule
If I wasn't on here, how much faith would u have in Him?
Check out 's video she created on her road trip across Canada, for Mazda's Zoom Zoom Magazine—Zoom ZOOM zoom......
This account is kinda boring compared to my other one..
First taste of awa. Via tastes like Hawaii.
. gonna miss you today buddy, but we'll get the win for you!
notice me out of 20million
I love how i can talk to my mom about everything!
thank you !!!
RT BREAKING: New Report Shows Wisconsin Led Nation in Job Loss Over Past Year. Dead Last.
it's national kissing day today. wanna celebrate? (; x
What are some of your other favorite places in Boston? RT At the courtyard (one of my favorite places in #Boston)...
V-cube USA just signed up Oriental Motors for our Video Conferencing and Broadcasting services!
that "at Trattoria on Pearl" part is what's definitely missing her in Castelli Verdi...
thanks for mentioning our opening weekend. Hope you can come visit sometime this season.
I did not know you were talking about dragging a glue gun through a trailer park.
Love BB! RT : You've heard of but did you know that it can make you burn 1,000 calories in 1 hour? f.me/FFFcamp
Roenicke is most likely super pumped to have K-Rod as a 7th inning setup man for Loe in the 8th.
You never have a second chance to make a first impression. As a pro athlete, your first impression could be your final impression.
Im bouta go to bed.....aint entertaining at all
man-up, quit blaming things on your mama. Smh
My producer is harder to contact than Obama.... Where are ya Ryan? Haha ;)
How does the heart and soul of your daily life support where you want and need to go in the coming year?
Jesus, I'm just waiting for the hater's that's going to flood the internet. I mean, if Heath even got haters then this we're
Ida Mukuka was diagnosed with HIV. She's made it her life to increase education around HIV in Africa.
i sow jon his ugly
done? Okay good.
Got an extra $5k burning a hole in your pocket? Check this out - Green Building Materials and Construction, 3rd Edition:...
im babysitting yuu?
Back in the gym for the first time in two years.....
Does that mean you have to be a grown-up now?
I'm trying to figure out if the fact that I still have my Christmas lights up means I'm lazy or just really into the holidays.
2011?? How's that working for you?
congrats! Rock Star.
expensive? They tried a "simondelivers.com" when we lived in MN. It flopped bcause of $; though the concept was cool for 1999.
#madmen Leland Palmer!
what i would do for some chocolate milk right now
Your icon though:O
ward off osteoporosis. resistance training increases bone density, which can prevent age-related loss
Got to study for my religion test tomorrow, and now all I have to do is type my supplements tomorrow :D
has to probably be the most amazing person and only person I love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
thanks, I'm building a larger story around the effectiveness various strategies to improve SNAP public health outcomes.
sunday not tonight?
2 hrs later, we're STILL sitting on the runway. Refueling and rerouting thru Canada. At least #AirTran finally gave an update?
Conclusion - Broad national US #privacy law not likely any time soon.
Which items are you bidding on?
Stupid question, but will the tracking code be different then? All I really want is to set up tracking subdomains...
Fantastic Four!!!!!!
Dear #Rangers fan: If you're going to the game after work & sitting on the ice in the boss' seats, take off your tie you dipshit.
- Yeah, it's good inspirational stuff.
I drank with him at bars he is so adorable when he is drunk.
Basketball grim reaper strikes again!
Catchitos and chocolate milk = <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2764>
Research and Markets: Dermatitis - Pipeline Review, H1 2012
our next show is a free show on IUPUI's campus on April 20th! are you gonna come hang out? (:
Did you know the ladybug is #Delaware's official state bug? Cute little state, cute bugs.
maybe Jordan needs to come out of retirement, if Moyer can win at age 49...
why are you so perfect? ://instagr.am/p/II_vYXDk2P/
Palace shopping was successful with excited for our new life!
yay katherine Is going to the finals !!!:)
This has been a full week and it aint over...
I'll post it ASAP.
There will be no First Steps this morning, but Kiddie Cafe is still on at 10 and Terrific 2's and 3's will be at 1030! See you then!
Who She Talking Bout?
i need sum #RA gear for the may 26th block party.i gotta rep need that gear moe
Nice try
Second row, perfect view, couldnt get any better! concert hell yeah
Dan Patrick and WGN baseball folks discussing famous Ohio U alums during Cubs broadcast. Good stuff. Yeah, I'm actually watching baseball.
#1DFAMILY is amazing. Happy I can help tren #goodluckjohn from here in the states
Sitting in our car while it got backed into full speed ahead yesterday = back pain today. Had my back issues under control, now not so much!
I love LA in the rain -- especially when I'm watching it from my living room window. Yay, LA Marathoners!
Attn: I'm selling my Classic HipHop Cassettes! Stay tuned for a list...
Sour patches it is <3
Best. Car. Chase. Ever.
The Graduate Camp may be attended by students of G-1 level and up
IDGAF N I TLD YOU THAT WASNT ME THAT BUMPED YOU IT WAS
The trouble with tuna
Upon further reading, it appears srcset forces you to use only the equivalent of min-width, where picture allows more flexibility.
And excellent commentary from John Warner #bibliorace in that Tournament of Books discussion today.
I wish there was a mcdonalds and chopt near my work
Yes, they have since forever. (: I want to reply a lot, but I never have the chance!
Tweets from all over coming in about on - North Carolina, Nevada, Ontario, Indiana? Are you watching?
50s week at jazz class
This shit is chess it ain't checkers
I think you're a Hipster so you would try and go with the uncool pick...
Still need a corsage & boutonniere for #prom? We have everything you need--check us out!
thanks for following me :)!
Amen to that !RT : Life is too good to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
Thanks!!! I'm doing his work. In many ways we all are :) Will keep you in prayer as well.
Stupid kidney infection is killing me AND making me miss out on the party
Pulling off an all nighter makes me feel like I'm finally back in school mode. I was slakin for a sec ther
#rocpeepslunch having lunch somewhere today?
Well that was an interesting trip through airport security. Wondered why I had all the tech I was carrying to #PILGF. Very funny.
Got 2 Chainz, 1 Ring. A microwave, that don't ding. American Idol, but I don't sing, Yo main girl on my DINGALINGGG!
I know right!
on that home stretch brotha. Still gotta grab those tacos with you & Maybe next wk Thur?
Ha, thats what heels were made for. :-)/ RT : / also Slimmer in Black. RT : What about taller?
Who's going where in College #Football? WWW.ussportspages.com
Just saw a guy unintentionally cosplaying as Joss Wheedon
are u still singing
Just found out that a raisin is a dried grape.
Happy Mother's Day to !
Nice job, Jay!
So much plaid.
Haha he already sent flowers
just listened to the new HS album. sounds amazing brother! hope you're well!
Cute travel journal
Ahh the moment I realize I left my coffee sitting on my countertop has finally arrived.
I miss you too <3
I'm stuck in QBO and would love to hear about alternatives.
Glad to see the sunshine today!!!!
Thank god that mother fucker called me. Would have killed a dumb bitch
I went to hootsuite. The redesigned Tweetdeck was annoying me.
RT The Cardinals are turning into the Detroit Pistons circa 1989 with LaRussa playing the role of Chuck Daly.
Live life to the fullest. Laugh even when no one's watching. Love like there's no tomorrow.
Don't ask,what is the point of the book? Ask, If you really want to know if readers got the point of this book, what question would you ask?
send in the essay! DO IT!
Give Up The Gimmicks: How Groupons And Coupons Can Damage Your Brand
What time does the fight start ?
that is classic. I'm sharing that with my son
Last Dance for romance to night! I need you beside me... RIP
Ugh school....
Teleport to me <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
“: wait till the end. Oh Damn!” Man now I'm nervous!!!!!! Lol
good morning tweeps!!! Tough one last night for the #brewers... SportsRadio
Community managers are typically young but it is important that they have the confidence to speak to the c suite
BeeZ iN ThE TraP
I wont forget
froze his ah
if cal could protect the ball and minimize the penalties they could pull this thing out... wait, isnt that the case 4 any football game?
Thanks for the mention, fellow texan
Thanks to new followers: , , and !
awesome photos dude!
Just saw at , no missing that voice.
whoa WHOA I draw the line at foolie you need to watch it before I hand you a ass whoopin in sc4
why don't I talk to you?
More details about the Librotraficante event will be announced. Stay tuned!
Communion party
Help us get to a 1000 likes! Share our page, tell your friends, post vids! Anyway it be it would be much appreciated! :)
With Marquette and Wisconsin playing tonight, the Bradley Center has to be empty.
I realize now how she is like the others; cold and distant.
#slskey is trending in DC. The second time an #sls12 event has trended in DC today (and this is only the second event)
Wondering where all the female electrical engineers are...
Im trying to eat good....fatty huh lol
ARE YOU ROLLING NOW KENNETH??? IM Hyped too! At Johnny's and gonna get this client!
So is at Disney world...lucky
“It is not unusual....when everything is beautiful. It is just another ordinary miracle, today.” ~Sarah McLachlan
goodness gracious..... i need to finish this fourth species hw and go to bed. also Catching Fire is completely mad. so many
Make it a U St night. Come party with DJ Beach at Chi Cha
This is what I get for listening to Drake all day -.-
Did you see the Brooklyn Nets launched their new logo/colors? Looks like a poor man's Oakland Raiders, if that is even possible.
“: fantastic time hosting Gala. Thx to , Coach Harbaugh & everyone 4 support!”
ILS = Integrated Library System, I believe.
Where can I watch the Aggies play online ?
Dear girl in this photo, #FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR #fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
IT'S TIME TO TAKE OVER THE AIRWAVES AGAIN BROTHER!!!!
Intel commercials are so good!
thanks dude!
Oh Laughing Fox, you make me smile.
tomorrow will be louder no matter how many kids show up!
Welcome to Twitter !
Tell me that's not actually your uncle. If it is, I'm insanely jealous.
Ok it's too hot<U+2600>going back in I'm already blk
I've got a very "parasocial" website concept I would love to share with you... :)
Same to you brother!
Traveling in Britain today. Tate Britain has some great Pre-Raaphaelite paintings.
but señor griffin, the land...she gives nothing! there's no sunlight!
dude, ur schtuff just keeps getting better. What r u smokin to come up w/such genius lyrical musings?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen takes a picture of ur boob.
Ah, that was this weekend! Safe travels :)
Gonna take me a long ass nap !
why does everyone feel the need to be loud as fuck whenever I take a nap?
Always something interesting on pinterest
Happy Spring on behalf of the Oriental Institute! And to all those returning from break, welcome back!
true! are u still mad at ur mom 4 that? And aren't you wearing 3 Izods in that avi of yours?
Oh.. now that is cool! We love all the different programs you can sign up for this Spring & Summer!
Mind=blown RT : Who knew there was an #acappella Deadmau5 cover?
...Gloria Alred are you out there?You could mentor an entire law school group of pissed off females! We to win the future
Shout out to new followers
I really, really, really, really don't want to get up.
Co-sign. RT : Very ashamed of North Carolina today.
thanks for the RT! (Those diagrams took longer than they should have.)
hey fisa its ya boy gee
2 i am chatting with actor Rich Cashin - tv - stage and film star RT : what's the topic tomorrow?
same here bro! :-)
Wanna wear flip flops so bad but I can't<<<<<
": Are U planning on coming to our Stop the War on Women event on Tuesday from 12-2 on College Green? You don't want to miss out!"
#ConfessionNight I blame myself for the loss tonight
If you watch it again, pay attention to what he (in Tyler's body) says to Caroline before he yells at her to run away.
Where is tony Allen ???
RT : RT : RT : #np "your my baby" and •still playing even now
what up cuz
Love is the best medicine, and there is more than enough to go around once you open your heart.
i am excited to hear about your geeking out on urban roof farming
I would love to see you tomorrow, i will be on campus around 11ish, then i am free after 4
Love&Basketball and Poetic Justice >>>> Favorite movies of all time
My sister is doing a 3mile mud run, and there's an 90's cover band called Mystery Stain.
and its all my fault... Sorry./:
Awesome. I had the Rwanda Cup of Excellence from Public Domain ... last bit of my coffee stash from SCAA.
I could almost accuse you of trying too hard :)
oh, they do.
Yay!!! Just got cast in a new project, "Through the eyes of the storms".
Doh! Accidentally took my work earbuds home and then left them there. How am I supposed to get anything done?!
Already going on here in KY! So Instagram ignited a whole new "My phone OS is better than your phone OS" debate? Greeeeaaaattt...
That was a Great Story written about C Greg Oden for "Grantland" on the Web! I hope he can resume his Career somewhere.
chillin at home
...Yup! Its another 1 of "those" kinda nights
I am a #mets fan, I know all about saying "wait till next year!"
katie actually made sense for once......
Every time I watch a documentary about Nirvana it just makes me sick there's NOTHING like them for kids these days.
this dude going back to college it's a lot to explain I'm too lazy for all that
Great time at
u cant get shit if u dont want shit
Its the end of the world... its now beginning ;) RT : The lights are flickering ....
Don't do anything in life halfway: love with everything, work your ass off, and fight like hell for what u believe in or there's no point.
LETS GO HAWKS!
RT : ...with ppl passing all around you...at any time...enjoy ur life...savor the love from others...become transparent to hate
Twitter > Facebook
Yay... Mendez presents a more conventional definion of "Open Source"
Don't take your independence for granted. Helping others achieve that is the best part of my job - Jennifer Vigran CEO
Sushi time <3
What's up people.
Go Kick ass at Aussie Olympic Trials!
Have any of you used in the classroom? What did you think? I'm thinking of adopting it.
Being heartless causes less pain for the heart because you use it less.
Day 30: pleasure in production! such joyful generativity! to be so seen & heard!--it is why I will
I'm so grateful for everyone who has been there for me throughout my college career
i think i've been invited but i can't see anything!!
Lost Dog Alert! Have you seen Rock? He has been missing from the Little Flower area for a week. He is a 10-month old Min-Pin....
damn...i can not believe he just did that....-_-
I just watch u blow $2000 on rental cars in 3 weeks..u got some nerve askin me for a ride..lol bitch im in africa
Hanging out with Ben Franklin at LifeScience Alley. Stop and get a shock at booth 215!
#toomuchdoubt this isn't right and something needs to change. life should not end over so little evidence
I hate when there is nothing on tv.
im a guy. -____-
I have one installed. It works on most things, but for whatever reason it doesn't block video ads. Might try to make it work, tho
I was so freaking suprised watching theses people sky dive ... Then when it got closer it was a big bird lol ..
I have a proposition for you. And an idea comes with it.
Friends how many of us have them friends.
Relaxed and crazy day
what kind of sunglasses was Eddie wearing in the Vegas limo ride?
Show this Thursday at Fifty Brews!
Man my mom and my cuz like okc they got to go home
Happy new year, east coast!
Sorry for the low audio.
good to know. thanks for the suggestion.
Finally the officials can see correctly!
Touchdown Gates!
The bs is for the birds
Mikey Adams from WEEI will be an honorary guest at a Metrowest Colonials home 2012 home game and will perform the opening coin flip.
I can barely remember the face, it's been so long since it's been seen round these parts.
Can you two just date already?
I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM MAN DEM, I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM, SUGA SUGA SUGAAA
most ppl call it a flice water instead of fly swatter haha
Getting Ready for the Arts n Soul festival here in Oakland. I hv a booth. Stop by folks.
Wow! What a shot
LOL your mom makes you straighten her hair?! Omg, that makes my whole entired life Zerran. :']
CD jackets printing include the size and color of CD covers.
Made a male coworker blush today just by being myself. My work here is done.
Life is a bitch and a slut... It's easy
A great show idea.. do a mini-series based upon Snowcrash, with the CGI that is out there today that would be amazing.
Got your wish mark.
I'm a intern + Philly local. Would love to chat tonight at #foss4gna re: Philly geo and job ops! cc/
thanks Ryan, I may take you up on that
- Drop off an Easter basket for a child in need! would love your support!
Hope everyone enjoys the sun this weekend!
Billie & Lester.... as in Holiday & Young.
Ole duck duck goose lookin ass nigga
that's really horrible. i'm so sorry. at least your friend ryan got through it okay though--
Me too! I know a great spot! No time and no partner when I have the time!
Emotional Energy=Do what u love, people u like, get a coach, mentor, quality time w special people
Just saw my cousins today at best buy, walking around in my old hood.
omg. Could you DM him for me? Any chance I get, I will take :D
haha thats my moms favorite show too!!! We are seeing the movie for mother's day!
It's funny that Puma just jumped the Mr. Lube sign because he thinks he just got...
vCOps is righteously cool. Thanks
Hey , reading is fundamental needs 25 million. Spare some change?
well then get back here ;-)
are you booked for New Years?
Heck, wanna start with a bang, #Toonami? Let your first movie be HUGE, like Evangelion 1.11, Gurren Lagann, or maybe...Red Line?
The cool thing about homeschooling is that you can work on weekends to get ahead:)
too cute...you're a poster for daughters and fatherhood
Thanks so much!!!!
What a Giants v Eagles game last night! Kept me up late
So that's where you are.
Hey check out our FB page for updates on more screenings and theatrical roll out. We want everyone to see it!
And they understand my baby Adam and I can't be away from eachother too long <3 Haha
Thanks! I can make ANY phrase in ANY color/pattern!
Earie to hear that song sung for Whitney #RIPWhitney #Grammys just chilling
was skippin school yesterday
I Cried When I watched Never Say Never
Ru still on flyers beat?
because when your gay or anything other then straight you get treated like shit, by almost everyone. Great Right?
holy shit, is github really down? Looks like main domain is down, but subdomains are okay.
Gotta take time to occupy your own health, physically and emotionally, friend.
m snickers!
' funny I have the same wish list except for that last one ;).
Q : What do you wanna be when you'll grow up ? A : Comedian/actor
Can you please stop that
Did you know that we send out passwords for FREE COVER via text? To sign up, text "ENVY" to 46786!
yeh. i'm home. no stars tonight, eh chicago? will *miss* that #wisconsinsky hm!
Yes, You should!(:
How can you miss something you never had,,,,,,,, why tell a lie if you owe me nothing.
look forward to seeing you at #SXSW!
My dog just perked up her ears to figure out the loud sound that startled her awake. The culprit? My mom. Ha! You've been out-snored puppy.
I think the lord everyday for what I have.
Woot!! Keep going!!! RT : Passed the 49k mark! I'm so close, I almost can't believe it.
Competition raises the 'barre' - Langley AdvanceNews
tomorrow night??
Epic North Shore weekend continues: found a trove of black morels while hiking! Dining on noodles with browned butter morels and parmesan.
let me know if want me to review any of it. I'm on the SD not SF board but I'm sure my feedback won't hurt.
have some photos from the press area from the show in Columbia Missouri at the Blue Note if you guys want them
Warning 2 all New Yorkers: if I see you rocking head-to-toe Lakers gear, complete stranger or not, I will hug u in the middle of the street.
leftover pho for lunch to get me through some Community Preparedness Day wrap-up and hopefully #mlanet12 scheduling!
Have you legal documents served by a Registered Process Server in Sacramento, 916-509-0677
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY:1884's Horse Act; Treas Sec issues rules for attys & agents- precursor of today's tax preparer registration.
is she here??? Is she here????
Totally WTF, but I can't say I'm surprised.
Hey chula nice to see you lastnight
omfg people are creepy, they found where nialls aunt lives.
#Random. But I really want to learn how to ride a motorcycle.
#StudyAbroad students! Don't forget to call your moms and greet them a #HappyMothersDay!
Work is BUSY! Don't know about the on-air thing..! How have you been?
No!!! You d-bags! Grand slamming dicks!
Two rare North American #wolverines confirmed in #Eagle Cap Wilderness. One trapped but released unharmed near
justin hey!!how are you?i love u so much :)))))plsssssssssssss follow me back :)
Color me disappointed when i found out that the movie cabin on the woods wasnt the sequel to broke back mountain...
I just walked out of Raley's with two brown bags. One in each hand. Classy.
Check your bank accounts! Visa, MasterCard warn of 'massive' security breach, may involve more than 10 million cards.
but we friends, you know i'm in a situation
#4famouswords we need to talk
I'm very proud of you keep waking up the world with your music, and your welcome :)
“: Your Words To Me...Reveal Your Perception of Me. #drMM #fb”/ your words about me ...reveal your own inner self..projection
Attend this free webinar to learn how to show the value of social media to your boss and how to implement it for your business
any successful investment seeds greater output than the seed. Hopefully multiplicative if it provides base principles
You can only be betrayed by someone you trust, stop placing all of yourself/all that you have in people (humans) GOD wants all the glory!
Please welcome Detra20nmy to the Max life
Awesome! My heros!
glad you like them! Have a blast, we wish we could have been there this year! Thank you for including us!
oopsies it was me :P
Haircuts? DOUBLE ZERO !!!!
You're right!
The only way I'm going to pass this test is if I eat it first.
Hey:) if you like metal you should give us a listen! Thanks! reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
for wat? im not trying to impress u ;)
and would make great adds to the tour!
all I no is you babe! Nomore 3sums nomore just you! I'm back no parole! Why u didn't come to my trial! Why u change ur #!
did the budget pass?
Awh!!! Thanks baby(: but I'm about to call you then go to sleep but I like you!!!
Did you celebrate national margarita day yesterday? Did you know you can make a margarita with beer?
lol gonna hop off go to store then doc.'s. will return w/verdict. lol
Sometimes in playoffs, lack of mistakes = winning. I think that's gonna happen in #mgt413caw. Fate may rest w judges 24% though. I have 76%.
i like that name(;! My names is jeanay but i dont like it :/
Through a strange quirk of fate, I will actually be attending #GoogleIO this year!
heading to Atlantic City for the week !!!!!!
how did u get jb to follow u
Trying to find a salesperson in Louisville any ideas
Life isn't about the score, it's about the players. It's never too late - remember that with time - love conquers & heals all. Amen?
My Friday thought ..."Sugar in the morning, Sugar in the evening. Sugar just makes me smile, but make sure you don't over do it!
40 dudes, a bus full of beer and a rugby tourney in St Louis...sounds like the perfect weekend to me!
Brodeur is amazing.
Mexicans do love swimming. haha
Well, this day is off to a great start...
Sounds like something my husband does. :-)
that was creepy. did not like it. could not remember which piece of elementary school disaster training i was supposed to follow.
just planned a bunch of great events! can't wait to drink beer with ya'll.
Working on a film being shot with the #Sony #F65, the team is inventing the workflow as they go, so amazing!
wat time does on snl come on?
Whoa, I have a rotisserie new in the box! The presents I find when packing to move are wonderful!
Everyone's middle name should start with the same last two letters of their first name. e.g. Marco Colin. Matthew Ewing. Erik Ikea.
You should have prefaced your question with "When you were Speaker you aggressively went after Pres. Clinton (Lewinsky issue)"
Thank you and u as well my friend. ; ^ )
2 Songs! New Layout! Preorders! All of this comes out Friday! Tell everyone!
well they better call for full 200 lap not halfway
Cute boy bands by day, hot rappers by night.
Woohoo! On my way for basketball, damn it's been a long while! Gonna play to my heart's content today!! Hope the weather's gonna be good! :D
I could have easily spun that into a dirty joke, but I'm just going to say "thank you", like a lady.... ;)
whoa that's a tech foul on u Jamele.
Happy Friday! Let's make it a safe day--don't forget to arm your system before you leave home.
Who saw that drew Peterson movie, he killed his xwife and his wife
Had the brilliant idea that taking a back road instead of hwy would be quicker. I think I might be a real blonde.
My dog has been barking all morning omFG STOP
Go #USA #USWNT vs France in Germany!
REALTORS®: If you could have either a kick-ass blog driving lead traffic OR paid Zillow leads, which would you prefer?
It was great getting the chance to work with you. I hope to get another chance to do so in the future.
PDF to Word conversions; spreadsheet editing and formatting; editing and animation of slide presentations.
I got u slim, im bout to email it to u...
you are awesome!
I wouldn't sell today. I still have several goals to accomplish.
yeah my teacher was annoying -.- he gave me a detention for talking and I never even spoke in that class
& any case law you can point 2 4 making a business case in favor of open access? need to free conference proceedings
Purdue's D2C2: Solutions to curation issues from organizing to facilitating access to research data in complex environments
Oh its on!!! Latin Night!!!
I finally joined the cult of NARS Cosmetics Orgasm Blush. It is pretty awesome. What's your go-to beauty product?
that's cool (:
That is some good #typeface history, Did you watch that vimeo video. It was cool but I am not sure if I understood it.
this whole where words come from conversation fascinates me :-)
Makes more sense now. Hang in there.
Harry likes cats. Just in case you forgot.
Funny, weird or funny, haha? Funny, haha:
Thanks for the RT. Happy to see you on Pinterest! ;)
who's your favorite singer?
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!^
The blog poem I just wrote has elements of your little three word poem.
I'm not right now -- moved from Boston and need to set up a new box when in settled in California!
What are the odds that in 2.5 weeks, we'd see a 6 overtime game in basketball and a 7 overtime game in lacrosse?
Kim Delaney discusses disastrous Liberty Medal speech Kim Delaney calls her shambolic appearance just the end of a "bad week."
I'd love that, but I'm not entirely sure when I'll be able to get out from Boston
Problem Child
Steve from #SATC was on #LawAndOrderSVU tonight.
yea men its a diff game then the out door game. Everybody can't play in this leauge. But w most next game
Lost opportunity: In #Mizzou's main bookstore. They're selling no merchandise related to the new uniforms.
Todays episode is about sneakers??.
well Hollande won the first round, pas de surprise.
beautiful new images!
“: I think I'm going to be deaf after this weekend with our new speakers #earplugs” lol
I should've kissed you one last last time.
THIS! RT : There will be two more smokin hot ladies at concert in June. Get ready Chicago, is coming back!
The only stable thing in our world is change.
too far! I'll just give into walking and taking the stairs and picking things up by myself., shit I got winded just writing that
if everybody had an ocean across the USA, the continent would make no sense. c'mon beach boys, let's be practical here.
why are u surprised about that ?
hey! I'll be in ny in June :) just booked the bitter end
indeed, ideas are the least perfect of all things.
okay noted
Gallinari looks retarded
. is crashing our awards ceremony and giving out their own prize. It's cool, though. Check their feed for details.
That AWFUL moment when you're scrape has healed and now it itches like crazy. -__________-
It's st Patrick's Day... Where drank at lol
There. I have an icon now. Truly ready for launch.
Doc Rivers on KG: "He's making it so hard when he's off the floor. You're in a panic, right now. That's an area we have to improve."
I'm afraid come April I'll be leaving town for a lot longer than that. : / (I don't check this Twitter account much these days.)
Why is UNLV favored over the powerhouse San Diego Aztecs? Who knows? We live here and all we can say is we are pounding San Diego!!
Same arguments every game Lakers or Heat play. Michael Jordan was great. Kobe is great. Lebron is great. Why not let them all be great?!
: I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” she already performed with celine dion
Who wants to go see The Cranberries may 16th
Uh oh. #nobueno what's the scoop ? RT : Audio issues galore today.
THINK LIKE A MAN took the TOP SPOT at the box office this weekend..taking in $33 million - Congrats Steve H.
bro its too early for this lmao
Daddy & I just got back from running some errands.
Ye I have green hair, an fucking wa?
I do i do
Both feet in bounds woohoo!
do u have a # I can hit u up @
Be sure to let us know what we can do for you when you actually are looking for your #newdigs. Staying in the #ROC?
that line in piano man about wearing a younger man's clothes? i know there's a deeper meaning but still weird man
reemerge? I never went anywhere.
question: how can we create "face-out shelving" for our ebooks?
Blaine, and his BROTHER on Glee singing Somebody That I Used To Know??? BEST episode ever.
NO! POLITICS! AT! THE! BAR!
Lol. I just listened to it today for the first time; hot!!
I love seeing little boys in relationships just days after they were trying to get with you..
Friday can't get here fast enough! Head out to BRINK ORLANDO on Friday! I'll Be spinning beats & free drinks 11-12!...
I miss walking through Sherman Park
Looking for ONE player to trade both Carlos Zambrano and Jake Westbrook for. Preferably a batter. with good RBI numbers.
Lots of lightening outside my window...looks like a big storm is on the way!
There are some people you can never really get over them 100%..
Jealously is always born with love but it does not die with it.
I can't STOP talking about my experience at Distrito in Philly. One of the BEST restaurants EVER. I'm telling everyone I know!
Apparently you're supposed to only cut brownies with a plastic or nonstick knife or they crumble. D'oh!
do.it.
no thank you! I'm not sure? worth it?
Crazy talk. You will be famous someday, I guarantee it (:
can some one send me a picture of justin in philippines?
You smell wore than the fat kid in gym class
Things Neva go rite nowadays smh
lets do it up bruins
Super bowl Sunday! lets get it : ))))
Great having World Champion Kick boxer & momma in the house today! They are busy, but still make time!
i could say something about that
Oct 15th at The Cage Stage in Copley Ohio RT : when and wheres the next show??
feel free to follow I haven't really "launched" it yet -- don't know what exactly it is -- but check it out.
YES! just bought a pair yesterday at
A4 I first hopped in with #sschat & they were amazing abt welcoming me & responding. It's all about engagement
the Knicks need to get phil Jackson next year
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
aye go head, lmaoooo
I'm not afraid to take a stand, everybody take my hand, we walk this road together through the storm, whatever weather, cold or warm.
If I'm not cursing IE once a week, something is going too well for comfort! lol
crazy!!! Loll
If you can lay your head on your pillow each night knowing you gave hundred per cent to your day, success will find you. Russell L. Mason
And then that just happened! Can you blame anyone? Get a beer, walk around the park & get home early! :)
RT": Missing person report: HAS DISAPPEARED. HELP"
congrats girl!!
LADIES FREE BEFORE 12PM!!! COME OUT A JOIN ME AND HAVE A AWESOME #GLAMAZING TIME!!!! SEE YOU THERE!
YouTube users! The songs currently up on Facebook are now available on YouTube for you to listen to. YouTube.com/DrawOneCard RT RT RT
almost lunchtime yummy
he's not the sharpest needle that's for sure...
you need to follow me on instagram lol
Please take responsibility for the energy you bring into this space.
The CBS Story on the Robles Brothers will air TONIGHT at 11p on KFMB-8! Tune in after the Charger Game!
I hope we find gold when we start digging. Lord knows how it's being paid for!
Kicking off our last teacher workshop for the spring! Let's reflect on the impact of mission based learning.
hahaa embrace your inner goon
April 3, 1942: FDR told Churchill that both their peoples demanded a second front to take pressure of the Russians.
Day 2 of #drupalcampmd room for more. #drupal lunch supplied by
Just like closed books dont get read.... Yall no tha rest.
dessert truck along with Cajun Creole truck may be heading ur way!
La Dolce Vita -A
High School in few weeks ! Lmfaaaoooo , followers ?
I heard a larger jet, and saw one F15. I couldn't tell if I heard a second fighter jet or if I was hearing an echo.
I saw what you did there; you're just trying to trip me up.
We're back live at the final hearing of the #defendingchildhood task force in Detroit.
Thanks all! RT : RT : RT : Happy (sometime this week) Birthday !
VINNY WHERE ARE YOU
i honestly just #rofl'd in the middle of my class
Thanks for empathizing. Time to learn the balancing act!
Harry Potter :)
Happy Birthday!! You and I were born in the same year. I'll turn 36 on October 13th!
she misses her aunty I'm sure!!
Mexican mother's day, American mother's day; I show my momma love all de time. ALL DEE TIME. Shit I have her tattooed on me.
Shut the hell up ppl!
lmaoooo I will kill you!
congrats jazz :)
Wait whats Alex and Sarah's couple name?
Your Welcome Sir! :) RT : Thank you for following The Zen of Writing!
there was a hobo cat lady in the beach whispering to cats in the bushes and she looked like the evil gardener from scooby doo .__.
I woke out today for 45 minutes. Cardio! My heart kept beating.
web team: currently working on the bridge of hope ministry web site.
CSS Jacksonville, FL is looking for a Lock Box Coordinator/Payment Processor $12hr, temp to hire
If they had a hunger games competition for the director to do the sequel, who would win? I'm thinking Oliver stone cuz he was in the army
oh wow
I forgot to tweet this but happy birthday to my little brother :)
I'm a designer out here. Shoot :)
i'm trying to warn the neighbors about tomorrow's party and they aren't answering the door. answer you FUCKS. i want no police interruption
<U+2714> I'd rather be in a relationship that's crazy, unpredictable & not exactly perfect because that way we'll never get bored.
doesn't it? Me too. I hope they do.
i didn't want to inquire about Dale's special hand, uh, endowment.
Is there a weather service website out there that ISN'T a bombardment of pop-ups and mortgage ads?
I'm trying to get my boys sold on that. They do it in spurts but that consistency is not there yet.
Today special TACO something to do on Tuesday 'n
The service we render others is really the rent we pay for our room on Earth.
