what's wrong :(
I haven't modified anything like that
“: What do we feel about Tank, Tyrese and Ginuwine forming the group TGT? Will it work? Real R&B?” Hell NO
probable cauz i dont know you
I am so tired. Every day this week I had plans after work. Now I'm exhausted.
": What's meaner than taking candy from a baby? ... Tossing the baby off a cliff."
i got a heart the size of arkansas
First Name Shut B Pockets Cause iStayy Around Dhat Money Bro
thank you !
okay im going to be now good night<3 last day of spring break wahh!
I'm trying to uplift them! Show the how to be strong but its not working smh
once he goes pro he can finally afford some electrolysis
Whoops, our mistake! Well, let us know if you acquire mad artistry skills in the future!
#TwSIG Can bring Twitter into CMS, such as Moodle.
Robben why you gotta miss that PK : (
Happy birthday ! Love you!
I like when girls talk about their pussies.
You should write a book, Get one of those writers to help with the thumbs parts.
Early morning rainy shoot in LA.
She's been played with. We go way back, like high school. She owns me, I am her whipping boy.
I have to go to.bed, please stop, thanks. Bye
EXACTLY. just wait patiently for the results la! NB!.
bruins game tonight :)
No, visor
Alexa Weber Morales at the Dance Mission Theater 3316 24th St San Francisco Fri and Sat November 19th and 20th
I swear I love Kobe
yeah man!
is the best
Hey , authors of 'What Do You Want To Do Before You Die' () want 2 come on ur show & dance with you!
I MISS YOU. are you in euro, flipping out about the exam like i am?
ok & nothing better coming out my speakers than that lol
Im at _popeyes
police chase on i95s
The "WHY" behind what you do is enough to drive you.... Anybody who can just give up.... doesn't have a big enough "WHY" in there life...
Thanks for the MT !
hey.... I still have carsy. js
Former Indianapolis #Colts Running Back Joseph Addai Signs with New England #Patriots:
Hopefully the other ducks will heed warning and play nice.
A relatively small group of protesters is make a lot of noise on campus protesting the president of Rwanda.
Watching the magic that happens during occupational therapy with my son. The brain talks to the body in amazing ways.
LMAO. Tell it like it is. #DivisionRivals ": Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?"
I'm glad that U agree.
We're starting an #EdCamp in Columbus for 2012. Who wants to help?
Drinkin like I 4 livers and 10 lungs , addicted to green money and black guns
so you only reply to people that have a picture of you as their avi? wow...
Thinking about getting a Ferrari jacket. Thoughts?
hell yeah "RT : Going out with my girl ;)"
yeah thats around my birthday. (; & when is vinny coming?
that is a HUGE bowl of ice cream!!! I hope you finish that!!
I c ur app is working very well
I guess I didn't ever imagine that the trend would include such a proscriptive title! The trailer looks awful.
having a title don't make you the boss
sent out mass email near midnight, 30% response rate by 12:10AM. You people need to stop working.
Happy Easter and Passover. We hope you're enjoying a beautiful weekend of reflection and renewal whatever your faith.
nvm i bitch also!
sweet dreams <U+2605><U+2606><U+2605><U+2606>
i love you that's it. that all i have to say for the rest of my life im in love with you... idk u but that's okay... 143
I can't jumprope naked either... keep hitting myself in the chin..
Obama took a page from Republicans: Come out swinging when you suffer a setback.
It's fun. I balanced it but had to make some tough choices.
Nd here we go...
we doing pick a song today? Island version of What a Wonderful World for Junior
Off work until 6 then there all night. Hmu with plans for after
It was a missed flight due to my 1st flight being delayed; so I'm cooling my heels in MSP, reading, but not drinking. #$$$
how ya doing ma
As an avid fish hater, I am offended by President Obama's statement.
I take baseball way too seriously... lol at a bunch of reds fans almost attacking me. This IS new york...
One day, I'll start messing with your feelings and you'll get mad because I finally learned how to play your game.
Kentucky was gassed down the stretch, let UK crawl back w/weak transition D. They. Would. Lose.
At least it was entertaining!
I love England!
when are you coming to Malaysia because my cousin wanted to know.
Are you coming to San Francisco for America's Cup?
Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it shall perish by it.
A path beaten may be easier to walk.... but when you walk your own path...it can be more rewarding....
Please tweet, text, email, call friends, family & neighbors about Early Voting Monday October 18, 2010. Punch #21!
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
this assignment would of been fine if they could of picked any candidate but forcing his view on them WRONG WRONG WRONG.
Dear Dr. Maslow... If your work wasn't accurate enough to get published in my text book why am I getting tested on your crazy theories?...
are you getting a little nutty there, or is the m&ms talkin <U+E105>
RIP, Davy Jones! You were my favorite Monkee! <U+2665>
Off to race home and pack for #BlogWell Dallas. 4:30 am wake up call is going to be brutal!
They need to visit CHI RT : Prince William & Kate visit LA nonprofit school that gives poor kids free performing arts classes
Never ignore a person who loves you and cares for you. One day you may realize you've lost the love of your life."
yeah, 2 songs... And when some girl asked him about "Then and There" he blushed and said he loved it...
Busy busy week!
Hahaha the homie has that Cotto voice down cold
Now following !!!
in the age of 8MP camera phones, how come people still taking fuzzy photos?
Another great event today. The Breast Health, Inc. Pretty In Pink Fashion Show & Lunceon was a great success. Pictures coming soon.
Well that ruined my good day! Fucking pissed!
ooh, the feeling you give me >> lol
“: You need to have a gluten free offering so I can enjoy it with :)” Potatoes have gluten?
Wednesday and Thursday of that week works best for me. Lemme know! :)
The #BBUK #BBUS audience should be happy with the guests, and co-host for
Finished 'You're Not Doing It Right' by and it's everything i want my own memoir to be, which rules, since i <3 plagiarism.
if a player loses their rookie status, he needs to be protected. Getting called up before the all star break means a lost year at $5.
Wine Tasting 101: Conclusion? Ripe & oaky? Perhaps new world...earthy & acidic? Perhaps old world. A simple way to taste wine. Salud!
Agree, it's not the end point. We shouldn't do it, just to do it. Should have some edu value, right?
Don't do this
": Loose Cannons and Juan The Blogger Presents: #FullyintheTux Compilation Mixtape. Coming this November! RT and get ready"
I prefer these kinds of digital preservation sessions because of the lack of OMGPANIC
big sean>>
thats awesome! yes! make sure you go to sushi nozawa on ventura blvd! it is honestly the best sushi on the planet. 5 stars.
“: kinda wish i was seeing guns-n-roses at the forum / L.A. (tonight) ... #memories” would be cool for sure!
World Tourist day is observed on September 27
Good Morning Beautiful People....have a blessed day
Holy fucking headache
Happy Sunday! Tonight: Lynn, MiWi and Tim play songs at St. Dymphna's (118 St. Mark's at Ave A) - 9pm. Wooden Floors...
Love the new vitamin water commercial lols
was filming at The Paper Box yesterday. Looking forward to seeing what they come up with.
Be careful who you tell your shit to.
I think I'm going to be sick
Hm. Not sure about this one. Paul Giamatti to play HAMLET next season. Huh. :
nosey ass bitch like
omg! the clubs are gonna be playing lots of Donna Summer this weekend. can't wait to land in nyc and shake my tailfeather! :)
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':17
i was told if your head itchin somebody talkin about you lol
Nice - please tell Bryan I said hello. We worked together in St. Louis
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!
Can't wait to attend FreeTulsa!
Now for closing statements. One minute each.
Its the weekend binchess.
#ASU going storm troopers against U of I
I don't like tweeting sexy people that my followers haven't discovered yet
My brother was bullied in the same way (followed home from school, harassed) bc he was quiet, gentle. Still makes me livid.
I dunno, i just doo..hah
We'll announce the radio-a-thon auction total on 750-AM at 3 p.m. A sincere 'thank you' to all who contributed!!
now if he's pissed off why don't you give head to receive head hm
m! (really, this could go on forever)
If you have some pecan trees, and some fruit trees, then I envy you. If I could, I would eat pecans every day. They taste good with syrup.
I'm so looking forward to coming home to a letterpress in the living room.
Just got an exclusive Bed Bath and Beyond 20% off coupon in the mail. Anyone want it?
Damn right! RT : If you're getting into an argument with a #Taurus, be prepared to lose.
Far greater hassle to kill RDA than the small short-term benefit gained, no doubt. Stealing from locals a promise made.
Still pissed that the Rangers lost yesterday. Figured a win would be my birthday present for today - guess not.
Kobe Bryant is once again saying Michael who?
hope u feel better
Dude, sorry I missed your last tweet before headed to SC. Haven't been using this site in a while. Next time! GO COCKS!
RT I just don't see how anyone can not like Santino... Of course he's Italian ...
. We are in the process of meeting with restaurants.
Commit now to your new years res of fitness and weight loss join the fit challenge it kicks off thee first week of Jan dm for details
CORRECTION: Princess Grace Crump.
yea you right new York its has some wild drivers
tweeettt me a number guys x
7 hrs & 22 min to kick off. Go Broncos! Are ya wit me?
Stuck in LA in the rain, oh well at least a free car wash
she needs to be in MIA. U Too.
Face is sun burnt woke up and eyes were swollen
Expecting illness so I'm always grateful for wellness each and every day.
Okay going to do my homework.
nah, what genre?
The Dirty Heat woke up a sleeping Green Beast Within & Green Blood is now boiling up. #ThugWade shall get his.Follow u me
Pandora knows me better then I know myself!
The new batch of queerlings are really not up to standards....
thank you. i forgive you.
I'm all out of love, I'm so lost without you.I'm all out of love, what am I without you?I can't be too late to say that I was so wrong..<U+2665> <U+2665>
Q:Why do dwarfs laugh when they play soccer? A:The grass tickles their balls
Yeah through mails. They going crazy out there since they got the admission haha
#GrandeLove to you all
Putting our finishing touches on OSTGames.com
The Celebrity Apprentice is my guilty pleasure.
yea.... Not the smartest thing ever...
We've been experimenting with a few recipes and just bottled a Blackberry Wheat that is amazing! Perfectly Balanced, not too sweet...
“: How dude gonna snitch on someone just because he didn't get invited for tacos?" (via )
One Shining Moment from 2 weeks ago RT Got "Hugo" and "the Lincoln lawyer" from Netflix in the mail. What's better?
Twisting today at The Muppet Movie at The Showcase Cinemas Du Lux Randolph, Ma. from 2-4 Pm in the Lobby! Come join us with Radio Disney!
Ah! So you finally broke down ... so much for your spare time! It is now 04:56AM ... g'night!
Haven't decided yet on how I'm going to die. But I'd be excited if the news story surrounding the death involved me being "identified".
ok but i dont need credit thanks :D ill think but im watching glee...
Back in #LosAngeles . Love so cal weather. Miss you #Chicago ! I'll be back soon!
accepted an exclusive invitation to take Bruce Ornstein's Master Acting Class & was very impressed with the level of talent.
hello All
Is it weird I'm excited for these summer assignments?..
Handheld Library 6 is underway! JP Porcaro talking about Mobile Gaming - the library connections to Pokemon.
you are so pretty :)
Jesus Christ. Stop talking over callers. Even if they are morons, be a professional.
Awesome snow... probably at least 20" by the time it's all over. It reminds me of the snowy winters of my childhood.
OK so what if my company pays for your trip to San Francisco would you be willing to try out for the TV show?
I swear the only people i talk to are est fam now ... No one else understands me .
The mysterious snow fairy shoveled and salted my walk yesterday. It was quite the treat after a 12-hour day. Good karma coming your way!
Andy is always rocking so hard that he breaks his body parts....get well soon buddy, I hope to see you in November!!
Illegal driving. You down? Haha jk. I was kidding. Idk if I'm even gonna go.
Sweet throwback unis. Even better under the lights at the Big House
You seem adgitated.
I follow you for redemption, and you shart all over me. I will pray
2012 is off to a great start.
my sisters fell asleep while i was watching a movie with them hahah
The Children's Cottage at Grand Lodge (offering in/outdoor spaces) is avail on 8.28.09, weekdays and in September. Call 503.992.9530 today!
Damn. Gillian Welch sings so well it breaks my heart wide open sometimes. Great Austin City Limits tonight.
haha, nice try. but still not realistic enough :)
The parking garage floors are identified by different instruments. Wild!!
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old
Goodnight my
But Guess Wat I Got Crazy Faith
Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters dead, I love this movie
Phew! Florida State #seminoles win and my bracket is still in contention.. It's on
At noon today, the next installment of "Ryan talks with two smart dudes about music and stuff" aka the soon-to-be-named radio show.
I'm wearing my shirt you can get off that weak body paint shit.
You're welcome:)
Everyone keeps talking about it. Guess I'm gonna have to try it out.
If all these wars are winding down and all these troops are coming home, how come I keep seeing billboards and ads for a few more good men?
research shows that men act more stupid after talking to pretty women, not that pretty women look smarter to geeky men
thanks for the retweet
I agree but none of that matters in the playoffs. Its which team is more hungry. Pens can flip that if they work harder
Shit just got real....
Hey David, I just heard that Disturbed is doing a show in Australia? Some1 said they got tix. You're still on hiatus, right?
don't you just love it when you hit a mailbox with the rearview mirror?
"None of us have criminal defense funds."
I've tried a few feed readers that have support for Reader, but they all seem to confuse the interface without improving it
I bet there are all kinds of cats out there LOLzing over my sit-up tweet...and making fun of me for misspelling cheezburger.
I hate being
Even though the East lost....who brought them back up....shout out played the game! Always ya fan!
Shooting a YouTube for our Coldwell Banker office. It will be fun.
baby raver babies
you forgot to mention Endeavour in your shuttle piece. That's headed to california.
They support a baseball and football team, have a move-in ready arena in the Sprint Center. Rivalry w/ the Blues.
alright you are lucky ;-)
you finish that extra credit worksheet for dr. B?
change it to ambergris and the answer is Moby Dick
Good morning, new week, new great things in the works.
Thanks ! You can thank my 3rd grade baseball team for it. Thankfully it stuck. It could have been much worse.
my ass I followed and never got anything.
Cheers! RT : Until coffee gained popularity, beer was the breakfast beverage of choice in some parts of the United States.
We've got a few shows coming up in so-cal! Details soon.
*depressed face* I wish it was this time last week :( *sob*
Miami Dolphins rookie minicamp chance for Jonathan Martin to begin climb
Just watched Dolphin Tale. Inspiring! Had a Great Mother's Day w/my family! Hope you all had a great day w/your families!
when she talks its like "nag nag whine. whine whine? WHINE OMG nag nag! NAG"
Home Bank of California would like to wish you a safe holiday season!
Oh I shud fix that I mean he re-signed the pack contract lol
all i wanna do is trade this life for something new
Yeah, but you "need a name" to "search people fast". How do you get the names?
well thank YOU, Ms. jade!
Crack is wack.
Practicing walking meditation
Yep, she's awesome. She should have way, way more followers!
Kinda bored.. What needs to get done
Flight delayed in San Luis Obispo to SFO. May miss connection. Will I make it home tonight? fUnited
Excellent article via on the relationship of Medical Centers to surrounding communities. Mention of
No problem. Sorry for the earlier mishaps. Please feel free to send your feedback and suggestions and of course let others know!
I wish i could go back to November and relive everything that would be the
Corporate culture- It is not what we say, it is what we do. Behaviors give life to our Defined Values. Ann Rhoades
and I will follow back
Have a great trip!
Georgia doesnt need to make a game out of this. 14 unanswered for Mchigan State. 16-14
you made me cry :'( broke my heart
We're on the prowl in Franklin park today, at 13th and k. Opening at 11:30
WTF is +K about Wisconsin blah blah. I'm all for the movvement but I dont' want the constant +K on my text.
Learned to look for all nonverbals in the spoken word, during interviews, promos,appearances,etc. Compliments of
You can welcome me on behalf of Maryland, which isn't available right now to welcome me. xD
Waitn On My Dad. Dis Nigga Got Me Bout 2 Order A Pizza.
wanna go to an AOL chatroom?
honey dip day. makes me smile
We're having a good week :)
Who has an idea how I should get my road bike from Fl to here?
Gone and make that happen, my Love. The reschedule...not the divorce.
It's sexy saturday here now hush your mouth!
Sorry guys, ornaments are gone..how about some real ones? I'm too busy to take care of it
the #castle on duty 24hrs a day
Finished! The last of the #Kickstarter reward postcards go in the mail today. It's been fun sending greetings from #WestTexas to my backers.
"Without change, the future is not possible. And the old—while expired, would ignorantly believe that it is still new!"—DJohnson (T&BNOV26)
Life is mighty fine when it's breakfast for dinner!
for a long period (:
Hey, if you can get it that way... Awesome. I don't think a urologist will do it for me.
uuuggg left my lights on in my truck, battery totally dead; can't go anywhere!!!!
You are brilliant.
YES!!!! Independence Day in VEGAS! YAAAAYYYYYY
I know you wanted my Lakers flag. Ha!
Martingale from Consumers Union refers to "unbanked or underbanked population" as target for expansion of mobile wallet market
Be a good citizen and fight for your 1/2 off on the ticket!! =)
Started and ended my night at two different apartments on the same floor of the meridian. Went out in between.
: Last time I had a mullet strategy, the Brewers were in the Series.
all three. That isn't an easy shot.
agreed! It was so great to hear her speak.
Headed out to Jack of the Wood pub for some post #c4l10 ale drinking. If you are still in Asheville, please join me.
oh and thanks for your #Bachelorette update. Didn't know our local guy didn't make it. told me more
thanks for the retweet!
Doing what I can today it's raining in the Tri-State so the Track is out! Ramping up to Delaware tomorrow night!
hi alex:-)
Oh no! Let me know what you think when you see it!
:O What should I attach to my Airsoft machine gun? budget
So John Carter looked like a garbage movie.....do I wanna watch Dark Shadows? With Johhny Depp?
Get well Justin :) It will go away (neversaynever) !
they called next to nothing all game. How's boyle's face?? Haha
I absolutely hate this face ~~~~> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> him looks so mean
Novice?!? #offended I almost just won my 20th game. Not my 549th.
I've heard that the hologram Tupac was just a shared drug hallucination of thousands of Coachella revelers.
#RBS6Nations starts today... the one time of year when I can get the all clear from the wife to be in the pub at 6am...
RT : i know we havent skype in a min..gotta do that · word...soon promo...i'm usually free night time in the Stu
Watching Sorcerer. I love this movie, but I really hope they issue a widescreen Blu-Ray someday.
ya so that was my twitter rant for today haha
Stay tuned for the Hunter Valentine interview! I've got audio
So much potential!!
BTW I pray you feel better soon!!
Right? ...RIGHT? RT : PRECIOUS. look at all those little entrepreneurs!
#WhenIGetBored I randomly burst into song. (:
GOT NEW HEADPHONES.....THAT WORK ^.^
Just saw your Prism Award tweet. Congrats -- it's well-deserved!
So this Monday morning hasn't turned out badly at all. YAY for good random shit that only happens to me
we danced to Ben Harper at our wedding.
Finished season 2 of #thewire. Is it weird that I want to have a friend that looks like/acts like Brother Mouzone?
Scott needs some renovating.
Can't stomach the NFC Championship. Bucks are up by 2 on Miami in the 3rd Quarter.
Steve Blake has been the xFactor
I'm on some Marvin Gaye shit got some distant lovers.
is #wulgus trending yet, if not, then why
No, I'm being spammed. Don't know how to stop it
Thanks for the RTs!
doing the impossible by making beats and watching this game
are youu coming to Houston?! :D Or is it just a rumor? :((
After talking to Katie, I think Thai wins.
I find it interesting how college students often ask me to write letters of rec, but never to review their resume.
Good news on the insurance plan additions! I hope you are well...Todd H
thank you:)
Working on more glass today. Going to try making some ombre pieces!
No worries - I'm being pretty quiet myself!
Endymion City's largest Mardi Gras krewe hosts several celebrities, over 70 floats, and over 50 marching bands each year
Working in the studio. <3
sPiNiNo23 lol I had it before but I sold it like a dummy because nobody had it so I couldn't use the features I bought it for.
bahah, there's a FB group for that. "If a tornado ever rolls through at noon on a wednesday, we're all screwed."
webinar happening now! "How to Write Presentations Clients Actually Like"
o really
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
Groupon's customer service? .
Couple of nice trades for LAL today.
yes, should be required! I've seen projects that were just "open-source" for 1 dept of gov:(
can't wait. Met Lynn in Weho and she was so stinking sweet. Also can't wait to those glass houses shattered lol!
can we fucking leave!!!!!
they have quite a few districts already. Not ours yet..but I would follow
One day, all evil Earthlings will either be captured/jailed, or converted to angelic beings. Peace/Heaven would then start on Earth.
Ops. Didn't see those. You bet, Luke.
Cannot believe I have to be at work at 4:30 AM tomorrow. Why am I still up? This is bad...
had a last second shot attempt and got over and back lol
Good one Cher
Huge Blizzard here in Illinois, however #Corporate Safe is open and ready to service our clients. Did you know we have #24/7 service and li…
we love new trucks! Especially good ones!!!
feeling more connected to web app development recently
#happyhour at The Anchor Bar today 3-7 on #davisislands. Come by for the best drink specials in
Follow me on Instagram : marc.morris
even tho we fight argue get mad get jealous easily disagree or we are complete opposites i want u to kno that I still love you<3
oh our creative genius is inspiring
RT : The US military budget was $680 billion in 2010, or almost $2,200 per person. Education was $46.7 billion.
Rock it, Moe!
“We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.” - Dolly Parton
Is anyone planning to go to the National Black Genealogy Summit in Fort Wayne next month?
Thanks man Check out my music tell me what you think!
funny to hear Sean McDonough calling the US Open. I expecting something closer to " a hard hit ball off the green monster by Nomah"
Yayy last Friday until Spring Break next week!
Happy Monday to you. Thanks for the follow mention :)
": it is!"buying lunch everyday adds up
yes we are evil and cute
WOW!!! So cool! So exciting!
“: I really wanna see my #Cubs in the World Series but I have to say, I don't envy #Rangers fans right now. .” totally agree
The more concerned we become over the things we can’t control, the less we will do with the things we can control. Help change
its alabama haha you get used to it especially the humidity
lol ok u got me you are not like the rest of the public
That "storm" was uneventful...lame
#EverydayIThinkAbout how the future is gonna be like & what it holds for me <U+E022>
24 foot hot tub???
Question for all of the fantasy footballers out there in the Twitter-verse; Brady, start him or sit him this week?
grr... ioda promonet...wanted background music for podcast, but still can't get on site... might have to post without :(
are you okay?
I FIGURED OUT WHY , WHEN BONE THUGS COME TO TOWN FOR A SHOW ONE OF THEM BUYS YOU DIAMOND GIFTS !!!
Oh, how I love you two ": she can tour manage. Hopefully for a discounted rate. #wishfulthinking"
And you'll be a better man for not doing it! RT Has never done the Dougie. And don't plan to. And I'm at peace with that.
My cousin singing someboDy to love
I have no money. Im at work. Im hungry :( Can someone bring me some food of any description?.
"Just who are the people we nod our hellos to as we pass on the street? A rather good question to ask, particularly in the Twilight Zone."
ok good (:
Thanks again to everyone who cam to Friday's #HomelessSummit - we were blown away by its impact.
Good to know!
Figuring out how to fit my skateboard into my suitcase and not get charged for it. First world problems...
I'll join in Can I get a RT? Always speaking the truth about the Celtics in Washington, DC.
Photos of my boys on their baseball team- thing I don't care about
I had a horrible headache all day, until Kentucky took down the Cards. Feeling much better.
Is the Rock on our team?!
jus a sad bit
My sister thinks im weird for smellin shirt to see if its clean or not that not weird thats perfectly normal
How DARE the power go out just as #GameofThrones is starting?!
I want to see your name on the credits! :) Go, James!
Shame on & for reckless & ignorant headline & story abt #Boston on p.2 of sports section.
#madmen the way the workplace should be
Such a good & positive attitude you have! Here's to hoping we can strengthen the local music scene.
katie you're such a superstar!
Im down to save the sharks!
Im actually gonna cry because Im not allowed to go see the boys at all. and I live in new york.
At the bash, tired of the street, stop by a Bayview classic, and have a slice of the best pizza in MKE. Classic Slice moves ya.
Dont Know why they always feel the need to say it publicly.
We couldn't be more flattered ;-)
if students can identify, create, revise, manipulate, then they are literate.
RT BREAKING: Gary Johnson to take an early nap. That's a Hoax!
where are the pictures?
:) lol yay for fanfic! I'm changing it though, so it's my own...it's in Illinois now and Bella's name is Riley Anne Sayers
Would rather check her facebook than face her checkbook.
On my way to Milwaukee to watch this game...what's everybody else upto tonight? Hmu
Leaders who serve well release tremendous reserves of talent, productivity, creativity and performance.
right side, down front, 20 rows back or so
you should meet with at the cool #DCtech or #DCdesign #DCevents coming up next week! Will tweet & hope to see you both.
My goal in life is to have enough money to buy everything in the SkyMall catalog.
I actually stole that line from ...
i honestly love you so much thank you so much for caring about your fans, we love you liam
Men With Hats
Great win for #Purdue Women's BB. Tom and I were both running #camera. I was at center court and Tom was under the basket by the band.
Does he need to measure it himself? Or will he take your word for it? :-)
Registration 4 #EdcampSS. www.edcampss.org join us & 4 what will b an amazing weekend.
Yeah that's my nigga that's my dog
Sometimes getting sick can be a lot of fun, just depends on what you're doing :) RT“: Getting sick is no fun:/”
#ExpoLine Here we come USC Station
I'm not even supposed to be here it's my day off! Lol
Sexual production.
Good morning everyone! Hm... I think it is about time for a #bath... See you soon!
You Should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's pretty funny
Whole club leannin!
It's never too late guys!!
oh that makes sense. Trying out a new client, wasn't able to open links. My guess is that LI also has less inactive accounts
Happy Weekend;)
southfloridaalerts.com! Win a dinner at Taverna Opa, Paradiso, 2 tickets to the Lake Worth Playhouse or a Resort stay at Sandals Resorts!
“: haha thx RT as soon as you make your cd I gotta buy it cause you got some BEASTY talent”
thanks for the retweets! interesting convo happening in the comments on the country's dialogue on race...
So excited for my monthly girls lunch today!! Cheese cart come here!
A good tweet is one that stands on its own merit! Yes?
Thank God for , applying for jobs for me! :]
theres no excuse for not seein me in forever since black ppl are ur favorite ppl lol
Well, I said might. I'm doing really well at the moment on the mall in the sun.
Chiropractors do it from behind.
Why you think i put HAHA. I just like kicking it with y'all. Like my big brothers.
just wanted to say thanks for the brief panic attack earlier.
Ops shouldnt of done that .
I'm more convinced than ever that it's immeasurably more important ... WHO I AM, as opposed to being so concerned with WHAT I DO.
That might be the first use of QR codes that I actually kind of think makes sense/is useful.
if life was a piece of cake, the cake would be gone...get it?
#DearMonday You have no friends, FUCK YOU!
that sounds like my dad. That's how we got our 3 cats. XD
still pulling hard for you...unfortunate about viso incident..see u in may defending YOUR peak pole award!
Say it anyways.
Ug; that sucks. Sorry to hear it Nick.
Chris Polk went undrafted??? WHAT?
He totally nailed it -
Great! and thanks so much! I can pick them up and bring you a meat present Friday afternoon. Or over the weekend.
pretty sure you can give one of those wwdc tech talks instead of apple engrs :)
thanks so much for the RT! We truly appreciate it. :)
Time for GoT and Mad Men !!
How can I?
Is this supposed to be a game? Did I win? I hope I did? What did I win? LOL!
Today is National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy. Let's have a talk with our teens to learn what they know and need to know.
I at least thought we were going to Skype today.. But better yet I get ignored woo.
our icon is
Doing my typical 5 minutes before players arrive prep for #DungeonWorld! \m/ (With the #SoCalBeta version of etc.)
i rap but fame isnt a priority
Lol, not for sure on the exact story; but I believe it was with
Whats the best action scene in a movie...ever?!
thanks! looking forward to the next list!
Sneak Peak at 2011-2012 Jobs in British Archaeology: Excavators ...
He's got a girlfriend now !8
Seriously actually looking forward to summer this year. Something tells me its going to be amazing... living life to the fullest...
whats good. Hit me with your hook up. Peace
oh! the Google+ hangout is neat!
Balls to the walls
Underclassmen just stop you guys suck at life...
are you doing anything tonight?
It's a good day to have a good day.
If Miz don't win this Just making a show of him
why do i love comedians in the way that i do
without question, you are my favorite Twitter personality.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other
Where I want to be - watching win. Where I am - writing papers. Gahh 3 more weeks of class!
I thought you were buying it in a box! Not a restaurant lol. I'm dumb.
Just took my last final at Suffolk University EVER!!!!
One day I'm going to have a whole family of dogs and name them after the adobe suite!
making some new connections in the Music/Audio world of San Francisco
We're only 2 seats from a #GOP majority in the Virginia Senate. Vote TODAY and we can make the Senate red
Black Swan is one of my favorite movies ever!
The panthers? I've never played them and just don't jinx it, but today I was ready to slap them.
#MaybeNextTime Rosci comes 2 Dallas I'll show U How South Dallas Swag it
great character and voice acting.
probably doesnt even see my tweets...i wish she would see them and follow me<U+2764>
You may not be in my arms and we may not known or seen each other. I have this love for you that will never fade. Now that amazes me.
Hey Barry, welcome to Twitter, let's explore this space... and what a pediatric academic can do! Enjoy the rest of
just was talkin bout some good ol Popeyes
“: I like Watt, but ever get the sense vets underestimate rookies? Watt” True...
Service is up and running - can you contact with more details?
Feels exactly like Elways 1st couple years with Reeves. Uber conservative till 4th Q then winning time Elway then, Tebow now
can you link me and to Darren's penis? We need a laugh.
It's popping in the chi!!
Who can resist
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
awe ben thanks! Now this is what you call a REAL bestfriend. Thanks a lot ben! You really helped me a lot! :)
'sup nephew!!!
Happy #WorldToiletDay everyone!!!
#sfsmells 3rd St/22nd St: ice cream cones & roof tar
Does Twitter have a "never EVER show this person on my who-to-follow list" button? Because that little X just didn't feel adamant enough.
This cloudy, gloomy day calls for cocktails!!
Another late night with ... The #walkingdead! and Wine!
I think we can get to 100 followers tonight by midnight!! 10 more hours. Tell all your friends about us. Give us shout out
Pretty transparent bluff as any defendable Diamond draw is pair+fd, combo, or nfd which is able to get in on flop with spr.
I'm already coming, told mitch last week buddy
"make the day your bitch." -Tim
Will Phil even make the cut?
Only the funnest bitch you'll ever meet. (;
hot popcorn with M&M's mixed in is an amazing snack!
I'm a new member of the biggest and strongest Actors Union in the world SAG-AFTRA, and I feel so fortunate for that!
oh no. sent you a message on FB. we didn't get photos at finish either. :(
I keep thinking I hope my underwear is clean & that I should work out more.
FOLLOW MY GURLLL LOVE HER SO MUCH<U+2665>
haha no! It's me you and Norma, she's fun! I actually had your little brother after school yesterday!
Double D's always win. Let's go Donald win it next week
how soon until Escobar is at 2B
I absolutely abhore hitting a following limit and having to go through my people and unfollow those who... well, you know. I hate rejection!
I can see you again. Basically wanted to also say sorry for all the work crap going on, & I hope you find a better place...
was Miles Davis from the Live Around the World album you were just playing?
Friends: "I don't have any lunch money." "Aww, here's $5" - Best friends: "I dont have any lunch money." "Good, you were getting fat anyway"
After 2 weekends in a row of go-go-going, I'm excited to bum around and do nothing this weekend. It'll be awesome.
I saw twitter profile picture and I spit out my drink then fainted lol
yo why this dude just email me the clifford brown take the a train jaja dude is going in on me like "go shed"
hey! hope you have a good weekend. Sorry I was distracted this afternoon, project is all-consuming. Let's hang when its over!
tempting. You dressing up?
I hate McDonald's so much, Shit makes me wanna throw up :c
I feel you I'm on third so..... I HATE IT BUT IT'S A JOB
if u can spend 10k in a strip club on a hoe u don't know it should b no prob when it comes to child support
We'll be spinning Arcade Fire's Funeral as guests arrive on Saturday, but as always the vinyl collection and turntable is just a jukebox.
I'm so creative that I've manipulated myself into self destruction.
I wish I knew
Why I provide IT support to Humanities, not Science & Engineering: Saw a colleague's note re: "Mech Lab". I read it as "Meth Lab".
"That little piece of meat hanging in the back of throat." (uvula)- Duck Hunters on Wendy
did you try the beerfinder on our site at www.orangeblossompilsner.com?
thank you! Really a very useful article on fish oil vitamins.
Can't wait for the next episode of my show! #MagicCityBoom!
Nice, will do. If we lose, I will know who to blame (Kevin Gregg).
guess who officially works at the NBC Uni lot now? we're work neighbors!!
work in 2 hours <<
program or be Programmed
Good morning! 7:13 AM here and I just woke up. :) <3
relax. Weird things get talked about on twitter late at night on twitter. Toronto simply needs to win a champ then they can be kc
really? Looks like they just dodged a stalker to me.
OK, Friday Night Lights. I refuse to suspend disbelief for a "TX school district cuts football after 1 wk of budget talks" plotline. Sorry.
Attn:Repub.Candidates-Just tell Americans WHY you are going to be better at running r great country-give us details,be brave,look to God
dam fags all yall tweeters
The loss of Chris Narveson for the season will have a bigger impact than you think on the #Brewers season. Need stability in rotation.
Thanks! We think so too :)
love you to <3333
nice day to go for a drive
.this bitch would come ! Hahaa if she says anything smart ima deck her!
I looked this up-apparently a ranking by Aramark of university Starbucks facilities that they run. No source I can find.
Ok sounds good.
I got two of dem *rick Ross voice *
no shit huh. Unbelievable. Only in Maine .
I think Kenneth Branagh is going to win an Oscar for "My Week With Marilyn." See this film asap!
no, use your upstage hand, you idiot.
anything fun & healthy going on in the valley for cinco de mayo?
Walked out
I guess food service just isn't a part of the experience I want. I'm there for the movie.
Must recognize not much activity with "likeing" companies, which this might be a disadvantage for biz dev efforts in accounting firms.
Was there rally enough Yays in a room of 1200 to elect the new board? Bout as many as returned the -IO to Jack's OH.
A wonderful gift but also a terrifying childhood movie. Love it now as an adult, but as a kid it scared the bejesus out of me.
I've seen millionaires w modest incomes and folks earning big $ w/ nothing to show 4 it
YOU ROCK SISTAHS! Can't wait to collaborate with ya'll :)
Me: "I'm calling to schedule a driving lesson. I'm 28 & have a license." Them: "Oh yes, I remember speaking to your mother."
sure thing, happy to help :)
hey how are u and every body in milwaukee wisconsin and onlyajoke ?
I'm going to miss my weekly adam fix :(
YOU DON'T EVEN GO HERE! and STOP trying to make fetch happen, it's not going to happen!
Great quote! “: Tell me and I'll forget. Show me, and I may not remember. Involve me, and I'll understand. - Tribe Unknown”
& whatever you do, don't include me in it.
Who are you with?
see what had happen was lol but na i woke up out my sleep n cant go back this happen all the time tho Smh y u up
What happen
awww man D: I am dedicated to trying to play those games soon x]
The temptation when someone says "don't look"
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
Everybody follow the next big thing in viral trends! !!! #whalin engaged !!!<-- Follow him too!!
Phone's dead. Have to wait 'til Cassi gets home.. Chat me.(;
hosting their Spring Career Fair, visit #ADPonCampus for job opportunities and then off to Networking Night!
Tracks on tracks on tracks
Very few can put this type of smile on me face
Im deathly missing my peeps D':
had a blast dancing to all Michael songs this morning, thanks Kordelia!
Somedays research is like a fall down the rabbit hole...
Do you have anything you need prayer for??
Mixer shopping... I need a mixer with a crossfader built for serious scratching! Ideas?!
This looks like a wonderful opportunity to enjoy all this sunshine & see some of Pasadena's architectural gems!
Lol I Love Dt Clip U Made
what dang text? No one is going to text you :/
“: up early to support #crushcancer charity & to have a great day with essay winner Logan Holmgren #cantwait” -> You're great!
#Fishers has several job openings: Street Sup., PT Admin. Asst., Lead Mechanic, Network Engineer and more. Check out our website!
Best weekends ever with the #carmelguard. I love you guys <3 <3
My mom ready make brownies and chocolates muffins (:
:) I can't wait to see u too!! Should be full of laughs! Good way to start my weekend
Oh haii twitter! First time on for like 5 months! Haha
My DM's is full of spam!
But it didnt win :( Some people are so lucky
#oomf texted me (:
I just have to laugh at the bullshit
The leaves are growing, the flowers are blossoming, the skanks are walking around half naked. I love this kind of weather.
Best correction ever. Well, that and TMBG's The Sun Is A Miasma Of Incandescent Plasma rewrite.
I like that answer! I'm still undecided but I may be a multi-formatter too.
reducing debt is actually almost as exciting as having money
Oh, to envy the life of a pampered house cat.
Happy 414 day MKE! Today the party is at Cans. PBR, music by Delta Routine, Hugh Bob -WhyB and on the decks
watch it, I'm on to you
the disappointment leaves one uninterested in new love; 3yrs of not loving dulls the senses. One can do bad by ones' self!
So freaking annoyed!!!
:) hi, thank you
“Prediction: Romney wins OH, Romney wins most delegates, Romney wins 32 states. #STtech (I have no idea!)
In case his being a crazy, homophobic bigot isn't reason enough to dislike , now the #Duggars have endorsed him.
“: RT : A SUMMER wind blowin' in to #Chicago today ,record warmth this afternoon near 80!" HELL YEA!!
thats "me" time buddy
it's great how I'm at work, and there's no one here. Money for nothing.... yet to find guys for free though. wait, is that how it goes?
y u no slam door more dad?
? this has been done long ago, how old was she in that pic? hm you are really gonna try that? unreal
Seems like men are catching up to women as sex objects for advertisers... I.e. Beckham & Madonna dancers
Thank you, Lauren, for watching and thank you for the compliment. I truly appreciate it...
...I think most of us agree on the first point, but forget about the problems of achieving the second -- independence ...
Lol - RT If May 21st is indeed the date of the apocalypse you really should get your East Atlanta Beer Fest ticket
Didn't step foot into a single mall this holiday season. Thank God.
*raises hand* lol
make that transition bro
Which other catalogers are dealing with LTO formats & technology? I'd love to hear from you.
thanks for fallowing me! P. S I like your band name :)
i loved AGT last night!!! so awsomeee
Being a Detroit ____ fan, not shedding a tear for any Chi. teams Greeny. Sorry 4 you though. Tue. is coming up also.
For #EDC I'm going to buy 2 ounces of weed. 1 once will be to roll up blunts and the other ounce will be for the pipe <U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>
falling in love again with mark twain. he's the best. it's good to re-read him & others like him so that we can get our heads straight.
I'll be a freak with him!!!
busy with the kids on friday but alex might be free :)
How do I get it to you/ is it too late?
great to meet u too! It was awesome! Keep me updated about LA shows!
Did anyone find out if Jason & Grant heard the woman's moan earlier?
Feel inspired on your Friday night! Join us for Openness in Autumn: Poems of Queer Sex and Queer Love tonight from 6-8pm.
And the coworkers take the lead at 3 #donuts. The lead is within 1, surely I have a chance to surpass with my morning brew tomorrow
I love having days off, but I just don't know what to do with myself.
Aw, sorry.It's from The B Side, Bryan's team, not Bryan himself. Just spreading the word the tour is continuing! - The B Side
After allowing rare majority vote, payroll deal passes with 60 affirmative
Congrats to and dumervil on going to the pro bowl, u deserve it!!!
which one bothers you more. The base running blunder by Hart, or the sheer lack of effort digging to 1st?
Heck-to-the-NO! That's a VERY relevant & important point for use of #glamwiki! Go, girl. Own it.
like what
hahaha go for it I ain't scared! I watch Supernatural!
After '98 #Cuba visit, #Pope John Paul II said Fidel was most prepared world leader for papal mtng. Quoted encyclicals from memory.
this day is going great :))) so happy its friday !!!
like a sexy gypsy! An eye-patch wouldn't hurt either!
There is just so much to see at this year's #NRAShow!!! We hope everyone is having such a great time! Stop by our booth #4660!
haha right? i like the jail bars of cleaning implements
Pad Ke Mow @ The Asian MINT on #Oaklawn! Ready for some amazingness!
u wrong cuz
nothing worse than forgetting my ID at my house and being at the library
RT : I've been hearing great things about your class Looking forward to adding Improv to my repertoire.
Thank #god #going #home :) Cereal Bowles
A long day followed by a long night...just had my cup of coffee and I'm ready to go!
Sounds good.. Ha yeah the logo is pretty dope thanks
Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog
I seemed to have missed yesterday's Steve Jobs Twitter freakout.
“: I cant believe I haven't clubd since like June. But Dnt trip Ima be bacc on in Dec. After my 21st bday !”
I also forgot to get ginger. Big fan of ginger.
LMBO dat would be 2 funny !! We can still do ur video shoot ... All I need is a date : )
The mascot finalists depend on support from loyal fans. Encourage friends to vote by using a photo of your mascot as your profile pic.
Finalizing top 6 designs out of about 25 for the launch of our new t-shirt line...Blob Tees! Might have "Buy our tees & get a koozie FREE!"
Pretty good carnival date with tyler (:
first workshop today - lots of good ethics talk. glad to be here. Vancouver = amazing
Had a blast tonight ! killed it!! The atmosphere was amazing and all the ladies were #Beautiful - Best Club ever
i don't think I'm good either but I love to sing..... So I do it....
Great information of how to use Search Engine Optimization to increase the commerciality and drive traffic to make money.
been dying to try them out ever since their Food Network appearance.
your so pretty!!
I dont know what i want so dont ask me
New respect for those who #run #track & the families who support them. Just returned from a #mete w/ my boys. Cold, long. Man I'm whipped!
LMAO! We'll see if he can get it going.
Glad to hear you've become a fan!
Former GW office mate, Tania James () will be at tonight talking to , along with Gary Younge.
I am updating my Wage Theft book -are there official statements from your religious community on worker rights and the right to organize?
Also, HUGE congrats to for fixing up his stats and shutting down haters. 27 points and +9. Extremely strong finish!
Polish sausage is grey not pink. Get it right
Follow me and i will follow u...
thank u! :) i kno u would love to meet her... :)
it sure does and sounds great. Thanks Vicki!
My mom thinks I'm bipolar sometimes. Hahahahaaa!!!! Lmao. No-.-
oh yeah :/ Ok, until Thanksgiving then :)
It's going to be close. Will prob need to catch replay.
I love your new website! It's great you care so much for people!
Gratitude is one of the sweet shortcuts to finding peace of mind and happiness inside.
la Mexicana was good
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! We hope this is a day full of joy and love with your families!!
San Francisco airport. 2 for 2 with delays. Broken airplane. BONUS: same airplane I just landed from Seattle in.
Alright social media buffs... Twitter, Facebook, something else? Which platform has worked best for you?
New phone= love
I need some new music bruh what's good?
you're right. Thank you for putting that Spelman education to good use :) -lbj
Quote of the day: "Live your life based on what you want to do, not on what you hope someone else will do." -Evelyn K. Lemar
SO YOUR TAKEN BY MY OWNER YOU GET TO SHAVE ME NOW YAY!:D
you guys are merp and need to stop derping around
I'm at the store until 3:00, so it probably won't happen for me ;-( when do you head to San Marcos?
Ever wondered if anything is really free? Visit FatFlush15.com RIGHT NOW and receive a COMPLETELY FREE trial of our 15-day colon cleanse!
Hahahahahahaha I say that her toe nails are yellow!!!
I wonder why never chirps back
Aww I love youu too! And YES!
Ryan #Braun NOT suspended #Brewers He WON!!
RT : Printing Powerpoint presentations into OneNote - editing & note taking with my tablet - save it on tablet - paperless!
Hey, I'm 2 fans away from hitting 2000! Will you share my page and contribute your energy to help me hit 2000 fans? xoxox
i jusss got 50 followers , . . if you want him to promote you FOLLOW me , . and he will promote you to his 39,000 followers!!! <<<<<<<<<<<<<
I hope your week has started off strong. Thank you for following me:
Floyd won
Headed to the beach this weekend? You still have time to schedule your waxing appt. I'm working all day Fri & Sat 9-12.
Bruce Bruce is going in on this chicks coat.
There are few things I care about less than who Donald Trump is endorsing for president.
Ohio State up by 2 at the half. Go Bucs!
Ed Steinfeld: China's not yet on pace w/ Cambridge & Silicon V. in terms of product innovation. However its manufacturing is v. impressive
Check us out today with Shawn D on Power 109.9
I want ice cream! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Happy Cinco de Mayo <:{D <<<< that is my senor with a sombrero (':
well you tweeted me. So you wanted something. Then I asked you to and you said "NO". So that implies there is something.
All I want for Christmas Is u!!!!!
thanks for the follow
waiting to get a table for sushi.
: yahh my aunt got it
that 62 was awesome!
the bitch selling has the garage FULL of her possessions. There's no excuse, this date has been set since March.
I'm pretty sure this is the hardest I've ever seen Lebron play in the playoffs. He went to work the last 2 minutes!
“: The paths of the soul should not be laborious, it should be filled with joy and excitement.”
No my brother's coming home for a month. But probably coming out for the UW at Oregon State FB game on Sept. 8.
Ready for a Divorce? Don't wait any longer. Hurry. Weekend special. We do all the work for you... Call NOW 727 474 9988
You should drink a protein shake or something. TRIVIA NIGHT at POCO: POLITICOMEDY is only two days away!
I'm working with her next week! Great pic!
Listening to "Dance Like" by - good track. "You think you go hard well I go bolder, tired of all the lies and indecent exposure..."
i hate it when my phone internet is so slow ugh the spoon<U+2192>_<U+2192>
Worst April fools joke today ?
Never liked French toast. There. I feel better.
My dad is wearing fantastic red paisley shorts
can't fuckin WAIT for spring break. ima be thooooowed my nigga
Be at rest o my soul for my God is in control. Love this new book by #lcsouldetox is going to be an epic series. Get here!
always gets bitches, he's been pimpin since the 5th grade.
now I want some oranges. lol happy weekend! :)
So its 75 degrees out. Think I'll put on my shorts and go for a bike ride before rehearsal this eve...as you do in March :)
The football season is now dead to me. Time to focus on #CountDown 14 days.
Hey Lisa!
Grades are in. Let the complaining begin.
I would use Path but it would be embarrassing that people I barely know are in my 100
RT : Happy holidays from Germany!
“:Never say that you are "just" a student. #BETHEPERSON who strives to make a difference regardless of status,position,or title.”
don't be its not ur fualt
!! I thought you were gonna show us #Mo???
anything I'd do anything for that car
Happy new year to everyone that it's 12 am
I want to eat all the food that chefs make in cooking competitions.
IMO...wineries will always dictate the style of wine made anywhere. The vine/soil will dictate the potential for quality.
"The Vow" grossed 41 million...gross.
stupid bears.
We like ur happyhour! Would luv 2 chat w/u about our new app too, DM me! RT : If u like our HappyHour can u let these guys know?
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Kentucky!
yep G5 on TNT. But you know I'm not a Heat fan! baby!!!
hope everyone had a #wonderful weekend :)
Oklahoma City Thunder guard Nate Robinson underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee Friday and will be sidelined 4-6 weeks. Coach
Goodnight fellow tweeters !!
Laying out â<U+0098><U+0080>
Thanks to for hosting an awesome night at Fullsteam Brewery this week. Can't wait to play together again soon!
Damn, Anderson and Muhammad together. That's sick. Potentially add in Parker and watch out for UCLA next year
Probably this (Playbook) - At 8AM, the President will deliver remarks at the National Prayer Breakfast at the Washington Hilton.
We're excited too! This should be a blast!
#YouWereCuteUntil You disrespected One Direction! (:
our "war" mostly took place on the streets..with her screamin at anybody that worked for me to "get out of Harlem"..alas it didn't work..
And all in-stock lip balm on sale for $2 - hope 2 see u there!
shifting from computer classes to one-on-one computer training to customize education experience for the specific user
RT : Companies will not thrive as "social" businesses without a vision of what's possible & the leadership to deliver it
Absolutely! The more the merrier...
Just presented a master bedroom redesign for a NW DC client with great applause. Love these kind of Mondays. =)
Heads up #SEOs,with Googles mystery Anchor Text update, its more important than ever to gain links from site with relevant content.
do we drink it together over twitter? :)
Makes me wish I were in NYC...Sorry for your loss, Amy.
Anyone want to read me a story before i go to bed
Is there a book, eBook, or DVD that you've always wanted the library to have? Suggest a Purchase:...
Definitely favoring the descendants over the artist for the Oscar; the artist was unique but not as compelling.
Yes I Do ,I REALLY WANT To Follow Me . Haven't Youu Noticed How Much I Love Him ?
Everything seems to pale in comparison.
I wish I had a marshmallow friend to get stuff done, need to fine one.
can someone please tell my why apple jacks are soo god?!?!
sarcasm? ;P
Last one! She hoped that everyone drinking had pre-arranged rides home. Correct?
Should've bought a large coffee today...struggle.
Did you play Pictionary or Win, Lose, or Draw back in the day? Business pros suggest creative doodling goes a long way in the work...
Haven't you read the Conan comics I got you?
Mama needs to clean out her inbox.
Guess Im Get Back To Sleep !
First day at Oregs party time!!
Fall registration for art classes for children and adults OPEN NOW!!
Where's my fav though ?
Cleveland Browns are so much better now. And will still finish last. Scary
I tweeted him meow;)
“: This week's "Babe of the Week" is ” I've got her number if you want it.
My name is Abbi. I love Good day.
Happy Father's Day Dad...never missed a junior golf tournament, walked many miles following me
Nicole I'm tired ass he'll!!!
To the 2,273 nurses who volunteer with us, we are HONORED to serve with you! Happy #NationalNursesWeek !
size queen
Thus was born the phrase "like a pimple on Tom's ass."
Keep up the good work! RT : Thanks for the tweet!
It's annoying how sports broadcasters talk shit on Miami Heat, when Miamis lost game.
i didnt go to school:/bring em tomorrow please:p
Movie night with my baby bro
Meetings over Skype...
What r the chances I can get a bunch of you up EARLY Friday to perform live on TV? Need quick confirm for preview.
If you've never caught a Rabbit then you ain't no Friend of mine
awesome.. save time and money RT : About to start doing yoga tomorrow. Gotta get my mind & body right.
Interested in the possibility of becoming an organizer of the next Chicago Zine Fest? Email us for more info!
OMG I LOOKED
just made pancakes with bacon inside of them. kicking off the semester right.
2016! The Day is finally here! Head to the Daley Canter and get a FREE Olympic tee from 9-1 today! :-)
So the Mormon Church on 66th and Columbus have the cleanest bathrooms in NYC. Just saying.
Damn crazy. Dancing robots as an intro to PyCon.
I LOVE you icon!
Are you an NYU student living off campus? Apply now to live on campus this Spring. Apply via NYUHome! Email us w/questions:
Thanks for the mention!
A business must be concerning, it must be fun, and it must exercise your innovative instincts.
Stella is five today and graduated from day care. Revoke the man card for a day....I shed a couple tears.
yea you can get your dick in that GURLS vagina
Tonight was pretty aaammazzinng! (:
This is why I hate they are preemting Man City v Chelsea to talk about Tebow.
@ Landmark Education center in NYC with Jerry Baden session about love & relatilonships
but its okay. do you homie. lmao.
Everyone is lucky you just have to see it...
same number?
- After their faces melt off, poor LA will be left wet with wanting.
You sir, have been tweeting and awful lot lately....totally not complaining but what's the special occasion? ;)
Good morning fashion world.. Rise and Shine hustlers!!!!!
Baking again!!?
& i need you now.
"I say this with zero.....this is the best sandwich I've ever had"
They have completely separate origins but I like that! Virgil "Pepper" Potts. Makes sense too if you know who Gus Grissom is.
You have to listen 2 their song, Poison and Wine, if u haven't heard it yet. Absolutely beautiful!!!
I can not stand #sillybandz when will the next fad break out already!
Hi Grant. So cool that I can tweet & text you at the same time.
Catfish, hush puppies and sweet tea!!! Can you tell I'm from the south?
What's up man in Cleveland Ohio getting ready to go to horseshoe casino in downtown cleveland
Ah, the "friendly reminder" that a conference paper is late. Yes, I know, I know. But... grades are due.
Okay, tweeple...what's the one #pla12 session that I just can't miss? Waiting for your input!
it is freaking cool! I mean I would keep the bottle after we were done drinking it, and it comes with shot glasses!
When my sister got in trouble for drinking at age 40, the courts made her take anabuse so she couldnt drink,cont>
lookn god bro
Since when ? :D
Does anyone have any resources/contacts on the publisher side for a client of mine that wants to do article/whitepaper marketing for b2b?
sort of late, but i wish everyone a happy new years. make this one a good one!
Think about an America within our reach. An economy built to last. Where hard work pays off, and good work is rewarded. ~President Obama
I have written a new book/journal for women called "An Honorable Journey of Healing". Email me for info,
Have you heard ?
Saturday Night Live!
#youknowitreal when I walk to her car while it raining with an umbrella :)
thanks for not messaging back!
>:} Good night *Devil laugh*
Great win for
You, Sean Gibson and the Third Way twitter feed seem to be saying the exact same thing! I can't tell who's who now :-/
Ok so first of course #JMU & #PR but then I see you're a #VB girl and a #Heels fan. I think we were meant to be friends...haha
thanks so much. We look forward to meeting you and joining us when we open.
much appreciated, thanks.
“: "When God is about to move in a City, He first speaks to the church." ”
Abe Lincoln: "I am a living witness that any one of your children may look to come here [the White House] as my father's child has."
People with straight teeth have it so easy.. just smile and people like you. I have to actually convince someone to give me a chance.
#smcpbc #ArtafterDark talks about the importance of connecting both online and off to build community
I feel it in my stomach.
The statute of limitations begins when a discriminatory action occurs, whether you know it or not. What a deal!
Mayweather's defense is great .
Back in airport. Question: what kind of monster clips their nails waiting in a terminal?
Great news! What will you be teaching?
The power to overcome addiction lies in the belief that it is possible, combined with a consistent strength of spirit.
“: I was in tears - what a great story! Thank you ” thank you!
All my Twitter friends, please join Miari's fans list on Facebook for great music, videos, photos & more. Her new CD is now available too!!
Baltimore taxi drivers need shields in cabs and cameras in taxi office to fight peonage debt bondage.
We'll be launching a campaign soon with new stuff. I suggest you wait for that. It's a better deal. We'll find a way to ship :)
Come see Chocolate J 4 lashes & brows one of Detroit' s best lash men at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio
desktop publishing makes me want to shoot myself in the face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Ooh, the nefarious Henry H. Holmes! Come feel your skin crawl Tuesday or Saturday at 12:15.
Packed room! 80 members in attendance for Dave Senay's presentation today.
Can I get a follow back? Your so cute! :)
I hope they can too, that has to be frustrating! Have they checked you for chron's or IBS?
good morning(:
idk they won't tell me :(
Djamming with Hot Club of Hulaville from 6ish to 8:30ish tonight at Cafe Che Pasta. Come spend some quality first friday time with us :)
Yup it's gonna be awks between us now...
That awkward moment when your mom doesn't trust you.
Food hangovers are worse than drinking hangovers
AEI chosen as the charity for the John Lennon Benefit Concert on December 8th! Stay tuned for artist list!
Good night & ! I love you both! Please tweet me a good night, & please please follow me too!:]<U+2661> Love you! xoxox
haha that was a good one. I must admit. However, I do not believe that you are annoying.
M mountain dew is so good!!!!
Loving the Apple banner ad on CNN.com.
Let us know if you have any other questions - always happy to help. :)
You think Mayweather is going to win?
one of the feral cats brought me a rat offering. there's blood all over the porch-- hoping it's rat blood.
hey and welcom to the twitterverse! Any bets on how long it takes to get C. Ingoglia to tweet?
Smoking doesn't make you cool,sorry
#NowPlaying The Roots - Undun. Happy Monday!
Whoa!!! Man I hardly be on here now my nigga. LOL. But what up with ya though.
I assume all products that are not labeled 'No GMO' have GMO in them.
maybe but it is ok only got 2 months left.
I INSPIRE TO BE GREAT LIKE THIS MAN ONE DAY REAL TALK
we prefer data #knerd :)
OMG MY CAMERA APPEARED!!!
I'm onto you, universe.
#WeWontWorkIf you dont make me laugh.
How It's Made - Canola Oil
I totally just installed the "Back to the Future" font for no good reason.
I'm getting ready for my next leg from Lake Mills High School.
Join us @ www.uniteandstate.com our goal is to preserve #america and restore our #republic one person at a time-control the message join us
Starting to remember why I despise Outlook.
Try broadening your horizons, talk to people from all different countries. Travel if you can. You might get a new perspective.
the past year I've become a pretty big fan of apples
dunno how many of you guys listen to the BS Report, but in the one w/Steve Kerr, they give Mark Price some major love.
there is nothing more depressing than cleveland sports.... well you know, except cleveland lol
Successful hunt. Venison on the table. Time to pull out those blueberries and bake that pie that I have been promising!
Working on the continued "In-Copy-fication" of our workflow. And finding the right book for our next epub endeavor.
2 kids is cake. I have 6 and the wife is traveling. Play a game. With tnem :-)
Happy #MothersDay from !
followed u for
Sweet Jesus, i survived mass inspection!!
Jr faculty must stay true to their reason for entering the academy while generating capital (pubs, relational, et al) necessary for tenure.
Congratulations to the fiction dept's Roger Angell on winning the American Academy of Arts and Letters award for light verse.
The livestock sector is responsible for 18 percent of greenhouse gas emissions measured in CO2 equivalent. higher share than transport.
Something that looks like a coyote just ran through my backyard. Definitely not a dog.
she's not home
the Thunder have the better team but the Spurs have the better coach. Anything could happen.
is something wrong, girly?
If your Absent during my struggles . . Don't be present during my Success"
I feel like I've tried this in 2K before RT : I want to see a player wear four arm sleeves on both arms.
Follow us tomorrow for live posts as the #Pacers host the #Heat in our Game of the Night tomorrow.
Tennessee at Memphis..... Tennessee's catcher just beast'd it up at home plate... Awesome catch man
I second that! RT Good job everyone in #JMS481! I loved seeing the presentations and different themes!
Welcoming a new member to the Prevention Ed team today! Stay tuned for blog posts and updates from Leah!
Hunger Games time.
Are the solar flares here, or is AT&T iphone service extra sketchy today?
Excited for dueling events in DC & LA tonight! I'm hosting tonight in Georgetown at , 7-9PM, come join!
We don't need Holy Matrimony for gay men. We need Holy Patriarchy by straight acting men.
hey! march 31 and registration closes on the 27th
You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations. - Zig Ziglar
Anyone have a study room in the Uni they wanna let me in on?
When I make myself laugh >>><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Why is the media reminding us of 20 yr anniversary of the L.A. Riots - where LAFD was shot at for trying to put out fires? Social justice?
Coffee Tradition today with , Naiza, and Becky! I am way too excited for this!
Y'all remember that ustream where Wayne was tryna feed that stray cat and it jumped at him and he started cursing it out? LMFAAOOO
No I'm not lucky I'm bless , Yes
Judge Sumi said no one can implement the collective bargaining law. No word on how administration will respond.
My thoughts send me on a carousel
Easter is next Sunday? Where have I been?!
telling your business is like a "DRUG DEAL" gone bad! You dnt know who you're dealing with...until its too late!
did you see the notice?
4 minutes left
I wanna go see,"I Bought A Zoo", "Snow White & The Huntsman (i think ) (the 1 w/ kristen Stewart in it) , & " The Hunger Games. :)
Tweet, Tweet, Tweety Tweet Tweet.
back from Brazil, took about 10 min to drop in on "threat of socialism" conversation in IAD. get over yourself, USA
Wack females give me hebee gebeez sit down an grow the fuck up
Awesome NRS Pinning Ceremony. Outstanding guest speaker................she has motivated me 4 my last semester.
Bruce Irvin has a horse face.
Nice meeting you, stop by the Copycat sometime!
welcome :D
With my most beautiful cousin ever she came down from SB (: <3
You rock! Thank you so much!
it's all in the temperature of your oil, the type of oil you use and your herb and spices combination.
What a lovely morning in Winterfell...I mean Hoth..I mean Madison.
then can u ask him Jk:)
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. -Ruth E. Renkl
for a moment i actually thought Ashley was gonna throw up.
rate beer. I think the web site is easier to navigate. Most of my coworkers use BA.
Thank you!!
Here on campus waiting for my next class to start, I can't wait till the semester is over.
oh yes ! , its gonna be his new cuddle buddy ! ;D
found it
Thanks! RT Happy Friday
« I wanna go 2sleep but my phone keep ringing»<----TURN THAT SHIT OFF SIS
No wonder. It's still the sixth rated show which still says a lot!
how bout tonight ??? Or mañana ??
It's such a good site! A good mix of content, that's for sure. :) (Also, I'm loving the new twitter name!)
Yep. I tell them to wrap my daughter's iv each time or she'll pull it out. They don't listen until she pulls it out
the worst stage e v e r. “: To beard or not to beard. I'm in that awkward itchy in-between stage.”
Dear Internet, I saw a band last nite called Steel Panther. Please explain: are they mocking hair metal? If so, is the joke on the crowd?
lol me 2 plus im drunk :)
That awkward moment when you say goodnight twitter but you still keep tweeting
How did they make james franco ten years younger 21 jump street?
Got any followers who play beer pong and want to make $$ doing it?
I <3 Heeju Han (I hope that's how u spell it)
Instead of our regular Monday rehearsal, the band's heading over to Hadlock field for the game tonight. Gotta do it!
this is going to be another sleepless night... hate thinking
Had a convo with my partner last nite about "materialism" vs materialsm. Yes I quoted one lol. In my eyes "materialism" is the desire to
Me trying to be incognito on twitter is really not going well ;) LOL
I'm not saying the voters don't ever get the MVP right. Even a blind squirrel can find a nut. But, they've lost credibility
I love Vashon. Oh so much. Neighbor told me that orcas scratch their bellies on our beach at high tide.
thats cause you totally are one and prove yourself time and again with all the things you do :).
I don't mind if you don't mind cause I don't shine if you don't shine
On agenda this morning: #JuryDuty. I have a feeling I'm going to get picked. Also, it's early.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld............... i would have 2 say the parent trap!!! but the second one
Welcome to terrifying Thursdays.
Ugh dad wont take me again to playlist live fml.!
GASTOOOOON! I love Beauty & the Beast so much. I watched it at least once a week between ages 8-10.
Congratulations to whoever managed to destroy the legacy of "We Are the World". It's 5 minutes of my life I'll never get back. I'm ashamed.
you are a disgrace and embarrassment to the league and I hope you're out for the playoffs. World peace is in your name too
The start is what stops most people.~Don Shula Former NFL Coach
I see. Maybe I'll download a trial version of Fireworks to play with. I don't have 15 yrs. to learn Photoshop or Illustrator!
TALK NIGGUH. OMG
Got that BIRDIE <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6><U+26F3>! My game was on point today!
you're a smart man but you're no match for 's staggering intellect. The GOP field this year is about smarts, Newt
What a beautiful church service for Whitney. I still can't believe she is gone. R.I.P Whitney Houston
Caught a behind-the-scenes interview of Miss California after being crowned - def wasted her winning words, unfortunately. PR rep?
Thank you! been recording since last May.. These are best on headphones.. ;)
west loop. I will direct message you the address and my number
Gonna be exhausted all day.
I hate tomatoes >_<
gotta stop puttin my phone and keys in the same pocket..
hmm strange. Keeps telling me the UN/PW combo is wrong even though I just reset it.
- my guess is you'll need some pretty strong drunk goggles later, so drink all you want
Chun: "why do we believe the network can diagram our current social formation? what is the explanatory power of networks?"
Thank you - you too! :D
On my way to theology class....really not feeling it this morning though, bed still calling my name
Matt, TY for follow! Approached me last yr took them up on offer. Always huge fan & patterned KFFL after their work. :)
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen in my pants bay-bee!
Maybe was right, too much Chipotle over the past two weeks for the boys....
I appreciate the dialogue though.
Be on the look out we're about to roll out our Cover Photo template library...
Cool brag dog
“Photography is a small voice, at best, but sometimes one photograph, or a group of them, can lure our sense of awareness.” -W. Eugene Smith
Librarians in publishing - what successfully pushes your career forward? Service, conferences, etc.
ty for the international womans day well-wish! I hope yours was terrific, too!
The Dems have the pro-gay rhetoric pegged at 11. Late but welcome!
oh ok
Watching #TitanicWithLenGoodman -- great job Len! I love history documentaries, especially those with a personal touch.
Gimmie a shout if you're from Milwaukee, living in Nashville. I follow back, RT and mention. All that good stuff. Promise.
just knocked out of the fantasy playoffs because of that leaping penalty.
yes... rough cut gonna drop very soon... ;0)
Aw!!! FIERCE and FABULOUS mommy-to-be!! Congratulations !!!!
Now is the time: if you want to help change Baltimore for the better, help us with our Get Out the Vote efforts tomorrow. Call 410-338-4036
teach and learn every day = core tasks
airplane mode will get u outta that
ha ha....sure man!
Hailey Anne's tummy's better. Back's still bothering her. Guess it will be for awhile. At least she's able to rest.
What is the first #movie you saw in #2011? I just re-watched
She ain't a killer, but she'll fucking blow your head off
Kwalee Launch Game in Asia and Asia Pacific - the Rest of the World Can Wait
"they set me up with this girl called Ashley and seriously she's like the fugliest girl I've ever met...in my life" - Summer Heights High
have you heard anything about the steelers being interested in cedric benson?
share what ur into
Stayed up way too late and now paying for it by being super awake....oh joy!
I don't see why everyone wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster.
nope. Closed on Sunday's. We're M-F 10a-6pm
word! Thanks
Ovi 1-timer!!! (BTW, I believe in the Caps; if they lose, good run)
It's over. RT : The Draft Walker folks call this the last best chance for Americans Elect
We've crossed our first state line and are now in Missouri. One down...a lot more to go.
Come check out LMFAO this Saturday Get your tickets @ Tickets.slentertain.com & USE PROMO CODE 0317 to receive the $20 discounted tickets!!!
haha well have hook you up with an #Advocare plan she claims it "really works"
it will be available on the site
I be making love to her through you so lemme keep my eyes closed.
Don't hate me cause you ain't me
Thanks to Kenny Shepard for the LIKE!
Have to go see the Lucky One for a friend's birthday today..... God help me. I hate romances, but at least Zac Efron is in it ;)
ok, okay- I get it- there's a show called Girls. Noted. Now, just chill out with the ads for a while?
There's a first time for everything, but I think I could've done without a first concussion. Maybe I can turn it into a story somehow?
My Bestfriend > your best friend.
“: how long until a players social media following determines playing time? #smwsportsbiz” interesting!
oh i just text you right now
have you had your #alkalinewater today?? www.ionways.com/meloniescott
Awesome! WHere and when is that held?
haha #Angelsfamily is everywhere. It would be awesome if one of us won.
I heard a bomb went of in the office at Craigmont High School
Mother's Day is Sunday n I still dnt hav anything for my mom
Did she really say groovy?
She sleep like always no matter where she at
I am not anywhere your level of photography. Just love to take pictures and always trying to learn.
And by the looks of things, he's damn proud of that fact!
do you have kids Nick?
Yes, I was talking with Christi about that recently. Looking forward to joining!
Was it a strike???? lol
Somedays I feel like Gang Starr, somedays I feel like Slum Village
I truly am disabled when it comes to studying for tests. #screwit g'night yall!
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it; not having it, to confess your ignorance.~Confucius
I got more snacks I don't know about moist naps. Tommy lee and buddy lee might have some ah
ohhwell then good job!!!!
Scary weather..
At the #cloudforce conference today trying to wrap my head around the ecosystem.
The best way to keep good acts in memory is to refresh them with new. Marcus Porcius Cato, 95-46 BC, Cato the Younger
Gun manufacturers & others who profit from violence blame the victims protection racket style. There are #toomanyvictims to ignore
that's a pretty big change of pace...
In fear of losing my work again in Final Cut I haven't shutdown my Mac in more than 10 days.
awesome huge fan and i want u to know that ur amazing in everyway and a huge inspiration to my heart live ur life and rep? :)
Ima Charlie in a box. Ima Charlie in a cardboard box.
ok cool :)
What do you think of the DEMO presentations so far?
are you going to tmm night?
#WeirdFactsAboutMe I love making fun of weird people(: we have a club about it!
black jewels is Anne Bishop, amazing stuff... I'm feeling a pull towards the classics though,
I have decided both and are dead!
lol i feel that h.o.v lane huh. Its like that when u big boi whippin.
does Courtney get naked in front of her parents?
#sslive Program the knowledge into the work. Partners Healthcare-55% reduction in adverse drug reactions when they put in smart ordering sys
I'm not the one that makes up stories about friends.
Let's go rangers!!!
I love the IPad app called Face Jack!
Is #Pulp Fiction the greatest movie of all time?
Why partner with large corporations (and associated bureaucracy) as a cleantech start-up? ... Scale, scale, scale
Your all I need in life .. <U+2665>
"How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" Happy Veteran's Day & Happy 11-11-11!
That's awesome! I love 1 Direction! What's your favorite song by them?
"To act is to be committed, and to be committed is to be in danger." James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time
write an editorial supporting no more trash pick-up for any city residents and see what kind of response you get from readers.
#CelebrityApprentice is the best part about my Sunday nights. Team ! Plus, is back. Major winning tonight :)
Burke Mountain. I can already tell that I'm going to be hunting tomorrow
Jessikah Needs a new boyfriend.. I kindah hate being single.... ):
MF too old to be calling me private
Artician is backup!
i was
Little children, headache; big children, heartache. - Proverb, Italian #quote -- Quotes Internet ()
Fighting with everything in me to keep my eyes open during this lecture. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
I think #Packers know status of Nick Collins Not saying could be ploy to trade up to draft safety like Mark Barron. Does agree?
It's semantics, I think. We don't comment on patrons' baby pics but we have plenty of "friendly" interaction on our page.
Thank you for adding us to your attorney list! Looking forward to your tweets.
TOO MANY?
no problem.
Tired, Stressed and busy. Awesome.
Almosy have enough acoutic riffs to create a song! Thinking along the lines of acoustic grunge rock :)
Say goodnight pogue RT : TENNESSEE DRIVERS ARE THE EQUIVALENT OF A BOUNCY BALL FILLED ROOM OF RETARDS
RT : - Now Open in the Grove: The Goose, is a slinky and cool college hangout of sorts,
Mark is on location tonight at the Ravens vs. Jets Game
Oh yuck....Feel better!!
happy mother's day to you!! Hope you are having a beautiful day with your family :)
awe look at schenn's cute little beard
RT Good morning!Have questions about #FinancialAid,#FAFSA or #StudentLoans?Borrower questions /concerns?We'd love2help.Tag:
James Austin Handel has my heart<U+2665><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
One tiny complaint on a set can grow into an enormous ball of fire. Be sure it's worth going there before you open your mouth.
That's right private flight money gets stacked to the highest heights
With a little help from my friends <3
you are most welcome! thank you for your beautiful designs!
RIGHT WHEN THINGS GET GOOD U GOT THAT SOMEONE THAT PLAYS THE SPOILER,GETSOMEWEAR!!! MTMORE210
I like how really nice you are considering how mean people have been to you
I love her tweets:)
I got cha.
Stop dreaming wake up and make ur dreams a reality!!!!.:)
RT : Muammar al-Qaddafi was a tyrant who terrorized the Libyan people and shed American blood and the world is a better place...
so disappointed im missing #FoE5 this year! im following the twitter dialogue and i so wish i could physically be a part of it!
Thank you for the mention!
Empress Menen mother of creation!!!!
Coffee shop hopping. First, now
is on
Um sorry on the ridiculously late reply - Twitter seems to have ceased notifying me of any messages.
ppilitin ko na lang magsleep:|| drink lots of water then hit the sack..goodnyt friends!:).
Michelle O at the ICA : Barack had the backs of the American worker.
Spam=annoying
sorry but um dibbs have been called
The Mariners will play their opening game while I sleep. Go ! I'll catch the highlights when I wake up.
the guy that plays him at Disney is spot on with the looks!
Billy Traber. There isn't a close second. He hates "regular" people. Looks like it makes him sick to even speak with "normies".
I have nightmares about how the #Astros lost, when we had the Big Unit, and an incredible team, it was sad.
Watching Nancy Grace.. on HLN.
I so want that for Christmas and also 2 things I like your new computer set up and can you tell me what you put in the envelope?
haha..but as your agent...I get a cut...5%
there's thee's people at school still using that word and I'm just like "why" -___- haha
IT'S TEARIN' UP MY HEART WHEN I'M WITH YOU, BUT WHEN WE ARE APART I FEEL IT TOO!
Dear Shirt I Feel In Love With, I Hate You! Sincerely, Just Saw The Price Tag.
and you're fat and 12.
Today at 3pm Abele takes the oath of office on MacArthur Square outside the Courthouse.
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It’s not.”
Wow!!!! I don't even care anymore
I've been coming up with the most crazy thoughts about the state of the world, if it lets me I will help it is one thought.
We still need two people from NYC aged 15-20 who loves records and would like to be featured in our book! Contact us at
what you wow for lmfao
Jan Wed 26 ...And You Will Know Us By Our Long List of Complaints, Moan Now Cry Later, Bitch Bitch Bitch + DJ Whino in the Atari Lounge $3
"A successful businessman is the man who holds onto the old just as long as it is good, & grabs the new just as soon as it is better."
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow.
God's plans for your life are better than your plans for your life!
no way. Perfect for newcomers to MMA, as Diaz will box Miller's lights out.
Also, I love you! Hope you had a great day! We should talk sometime! ;)
I'm kinda late, but yay! Justin now has 22 million beliebers!!(: our family has grown so much over the past year. 22 Million For Justin.
hey :) i got twitter now too of course right ;) cool!!! wow i thought it was the 8th! but the sooner the better muahh <3
So over it and you. Bitch
Hey dummy :)
except me :)
Waco says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Someone smiles- doesn't mean they are happy Someone has money- doesn't make them happy. Don't judge someone till you walk in their shoes...
Wanna have more followers!.. come on!!! =)
Anklets for Womenthegiftsthatgivebackcom - anklets for women
I'm surprised she had a baby ...
you need a deposit
coo bout.to drop some new tracks this weekend
Everyone is trippin' over 's new song, video. It's a big step... but i like it. ;p
You now have every right to kick them out of your gym.
Just saw "Jeff, Who Lives at Home." Perfect rainy Saturday movie!
"Learn to hide your need and show Your Skill" --Jim Rohn Enjoy a Spectacular Everyone...May Your Skill and Purpose 'Set You Free'*
RT fly safe! Xoxo I miss you already!
the art of immersion - Frank rose. Nice talking with you as well greg
8 weeks temp assignment - Accounts Payable position in the Healthcare setting. Strong Data Entry Skills required. Call 881-3449. Start ASAP!
Love what you do. Do what you love.
Our Hero is excellent in all fields.
Come to Carola Sunday after Villa221
I was just thinking. You never hear anything about Paris Hilton anymore. Where did she go? I hope she is ok.
Hahahaha "up like taco night"
Feels so good to get back in the gym. #JelloArms #DoWork we need to get the rest of the team on board
well do you know of anyone in the art department that I contact for an article? Thanks
The BASH is only 5 days away!
Help=helpful. When I search "change what file opens" ... "Always open a document with a specific application" w/instructions.
going to put in my vote later today :) good luck!
I be trying to chill, b–ches wanna f–k me Every little city I go, f–k me
Some people just try to hard REMEMBER where you came from!!
WHY ARE WE TALKING IN ALL CAPS. I'M IN SCIENCE.
yay! Me too! Vicky Secret has the #Steelers line on their website now! I went a lil crazy.....
clicked the wrong icon on desktop. Must wait for program to load -______-
hahahaha *high fives*
RT - The mime wanted to say something, but he wasn't aloud.
Thanks for your support!!
thank u..yea I been going hard at the gym last 3 weeks...its been to long how are to? Im good..done w school in 2 months :)
lol hell yea
paulhaynes...thanks again for following. -douggieb
THE PROWLER is #5 on Film Comment's Top 10 DVDs for January/February Percentage of proceeds benefit the Archive!
watching jersey shore after hours!(:
Looks yummy! Beats the tuna fish I had by a long shot!
Today's weather is nice, I think I'm going to get ice cream and eat it at the park or just play COD MW3, head shots are more fun than ducks.
Stop being bipolar. Kay thanks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Jay Schensul and Diane Austin :D
should've known :( If they lose to Suppan (& series to woeful Pads) I'm gonna be sick. Gotta believe Yo will deliver though
As a veteran I can't cheer for LSU
Had, what I hope will be, a very productive meeting at work today. Spending the rest of my time focusing on MY business...
Save your spot at the World Youth Summit Tourney, June 22-24, contact Joshua Gilbert at or 317.260.9608
That hit the ground!
u gotta ask her
just can't keep a job!
Tuna, Quinoa, and Arugula. You're not mad.
peoples choice winner for crab bash is maisys, a sweet corn ravioli topped with crab
blessed to be connected... Muah
I assume (re: x-rays). I just hope the kid is not overexposed to harmful shit we will only learn about in a decade.
Are u implying that it is best to stick w/your party? What is point?
Woke up this morning completely disoriented. Snow, rain, slush ... thought it was December and I dreamt the past 3 months.
let me know how it is. I want to see it!
soaking in the non-discursive olfactory rhetoric of pumpkin-bread-in-the-making
RT : Just being on #SocialMedia is not enough. Content and frequency is the key. #Twitter, FB, #Pinterest are NOT the same....
Tonight is gonna be way too nerve-racking... Bruins better fucking get out of this series on a high note.
Rooster is crowing and the chill is burning off in the morning sun -- ready to explore the Davis Mtns and chase more 50s memories
An hour and a half into the workday, an hour and a half into daydreaming about robbing a bank.
Nope. All for me! :D
#Ithoughtyouwerecute until I figured out you Were taken :/
Co-worker and I are both rocking $20 frocks today and definitely the best-dressed. Love cheap and chic fashion!
Lie to Me, but do not Lie to My Heart. E.c.
Off to school :D
Wanna drink send a DM and i'll buy you a drink using
RT : #ff because he has my back and I have his. No doubt about that.:))
Singing mahler's 2nd again tonight w Madison symphony. Love the piece but wish we were in an outdoor venue on a day like today!
is soo fat
Take some of ours here in #Scottsdale! RT Come back sunshine! We're sorry for whatever has upset you...
Refreshing my memory with old acting textbooks. Any suggestions on reading material?
What's a "lockout"?
“Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;” Ephesians 2:19
I don't know the history, but it'd be really cool if these church teams did something like that.
gutted ... my first option for a night out for weeks doesn't look like it's happening
Such a busy next couple of weeks.
It takes millions of people to complete the world, but it only takes one to complete mine.
I thought I was out of chocolate at work, but it was a false alarm. It was touch and go there for a minute though.
I'm reading all of these in Romney's voice. Seems about right.
Serious Competition: Verizon gets iPhone. then gets T-Mobile. So why does Sprint go to Congress?
The writing staff over at the are a bunch of hapless fucks. I'm sure of it.
Suns down 109-95 with 2:44 left. PHX just has no answers for Lawson.
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting! And here we are now! ;)
crazy busy as usual. You working or studying these days?
You know we're down!!
the beginning/ is for those that sleep
Why yes, I do quite frequently talk to my computer.
Prayers appreciated about to take twin1 in for an important appt. while twin2 spends 2hr w/principal while suspended. Lord heal my babies!
woowwwwww make-up does wonders.......
I didn't really look cuz we were in a hurry. :(
that sh** belongs to me :)
Building Credibility: creates a Facebook of sorts for the places where we live and work.
Need at Pho fix?? NOLA Food Delivery just signed up Le Viet Cafe!
lol any questions check previous twitter posts
I had a dream you followed me last night then you like popped out of my computer screen .. lol hehe
How's holding up? Did he bring any of that Dubai Juice?
r u n this video
We have to wait for the fire department to come and shut off the alarm. Apparently, they are still sleeping. (go figure)
"'s wife posing naked with her infant nephew" is that right in your opinion!?
#TodayImWearing my uniform , that only means I'm working!
Coach Herring sounds like shaq
RT Aw remember when you said you could be happy with me for the rest of your life? Yeah, me too.
But its cool. Needles don't scurr me.
I'd forgotten how busy this business can make you!!! Wheew!!!
I sure did. I had an awesome wkend!
Who's trying to hit this zoo up #grownpeople style
Material Girl | The Weeknd
See "The Forum" w/ Mason's Michael Fauntroy, professor of public policy, talking w/ the Reverend Walter Fauntroy about civil rights in 1968.
Come meet Billy Wilder's protege right now before a 35mm screening of The Apartment!
B. Griner = Big Bird
makin it happen....
A wonderful person to follow!
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! Have a great (busy) weekend!
Just signed up for last night already loves it!! Download the free app on your phone makes it so much easier and fab.
I want to play minecraft :(
yea watever lmao u tell everything
That mixed looking dude. :)
Did you guys hook up?
Still sad, he had to fly further than anyone for the game and played so little. Hope he enjoyed himself anyway
Oh course , anytime!! :-)
What new mental programming upgrade did you get today? What way of thinking is now obsolete for you?
Just watched the lotr trilogy on the bus to Nola and not even there yet.
never would have thought a masters winner would be a disc golfer to. Are there any more #PGA players that are #PDGA members too?
#housing America?s Home Program Solves Housing Dilemma
Don't miss out on Friday night's book signing by David Holt, author of Big League City, at the pop up shop!
I want a do over.
Miss you on the tv Amanda!
sadly, that is truw
TO vs. LeBron for a WR spot on the Seahawks.
Q: Why did the motorcycle take a break? A: Because it was "TWO TIRED"!
I want some bdubbs
they are younger, Randy
Praying my granddaddy pulls thru it all we may not see eye to eye but lord knows I love that man! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
So yall this pussy ass cat told my dude that I was fuckin his lame ass and that I had two twitter pages...
I try not to think about things like this.
#naisac12 John Hunter mentions the importance of school administrator's trusting teachers and encouraging them to do what they want to do
It's one of those nights where if I go out to the garage, I'm feel like I'm going to find Robert De Niro under my car.
yea i've been wasting away for the past 6 months
Clickbank Secret - The Clickbank Code Review - CB Code Really A Scam?
Bands I was a member of before Nickolas Benson; Mideast-Blue Falcons, Mendocino-Crown Royals, LA-Beggars&Royals.. all fun but not me :)
LOVE IT
who finna hit u up
Why, in 2012, is it still legal to have someone work in a windowless room 40 hrs/week.
Sorry but just cause Damon ended up meeting her first doesn't mean he should be with her... There's more to it.
Overheard mature ladies gossiping about what a ‘friend’ had posted on FB. Plz people don’t use #Facebook to slander. Keep it fun!
is waiting at the airport-so far, plane still on time. keep all fingers crossed!
Thanks. Kids are welcomed any time.
so what's the wager again?
move dem hips, gurl.
Senate gives final 28-7 approval to #Hornets tax incentive package. On its way to Gov. #Jindal for certain signature.
Foray cucina urbana for expanding into Irvine. Love the burratta.
So can you come cleanse my house? ;)
Finished writing the last midterm exam. Time to start writing some curriculum.
I always get scared that will rule the world and I may never get a reply from them again .. #WellerProblems <3
where you been>
You can message me at m e @ i am rio dot com
im great, hbu?
He won't need to score this much it would be nice but not realistic. It's on Wade and LeBron plain and simple.
CD, some of have older cars with broken electric drives so we can't play an ipod, just CDs.. and I want to blast your cool jams
im really into andrew belle right now and the latest temper trap album, also check out the new augustana album
#FeartheDeer BRANDON JENNINGS STRAIGHT GETTIN BUSY IN THE NY!!!!!!
how old are you??
Long day but ll worth it. Artist development at its finest.
The worse shape jeans are in, the comfier they are. #Mind =
Hi my name is Heaven Thompson
i just got one direction, big time rush, asnd cody simpson tickets!!
We have a Nook (mine) and a Kindle (wife's) and love them, despite digging our heels in against them not long ago.
Morning everybody !
“: true story, but if you have to train then you have no choice but to make the most of it.” makes sense! Lots of other bikes?
My favorite curse word is "Double-farts".
Why is it raining? It's gonna be like 80 degrees.
Stuck in the Portland airport with haystack, help.
WoW I wasn't even spinnin at that time, but ok lol
Catch us live at the minimal
New England might actually be THAT bad this year.
What a great season finale #PrivatePractice was!
How much is it?
Blue-shirted volunteers from Chesapeake are at Positive Tomorrows helping us get ready for school next week! Way to go Operation Blue!
all set and ready to head out to #sllconf. cannot wait!
had to change jerseys at halftime. I've never been so hot in my life.
can't wait...thanks for the heads up!
Only 7 more minutes till my bday! Let the countdown begin!
“Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
I hate being sick :(
It's absolutely gorgeous outside! Wild peeps are working out hard with the door open today!
My #NyRangers won we winning the
walk. off.
I really do have such a lovely group of friends
Going home saying fuck it and falling back asleep
Nitrous Oxide Increase in the Atmosphere Due to Fertilizer Use - Decoded Science
"Just Give Me Chocolate and Nobody Gets Hurt.
team nodler is looking to acquire a push reel (leave it to beaver) lawn mower. anyone know a good model?
The Human Centipede 2 was sick. If you like fucked up movies with gore and are really creepy check it out for sure!
good day Tweeps....off to work as its Monday morning in this part of the world.....
#UndergroundHipHopChroniclesPt2 "Ace Royal Flush" 05/14/12 COME AND SUPPORT BOSTON LOCAL ARTIST like
Wanna meet !
is the new punk rock. Wish there was a good soundtrack to their subversalicious activities.
I'm going to sleep now, #tired .
It's probably not a good thing that Austin barley talks to me anymore. Should I be worried? :/
Giuliana Rancic to Undergo a Double Mastectomy Back in October, our own Giuliana Rancic revealed her breast cancer diagnosis. We regret t
Morning Twitter :(.
Packing my bags for sunny San Francisco!
fuck you facebook.
Why is everything on my new computer not responding/slower than my old computer? I just want to work, people!
Good luck elle!!!! lots of love.<3333
Lost my mf earphones!
To conform is to alter my ways to fit where I am cause I am already there, transform is to get there-Bishop J.C. Williams
If you meet TW please tweet us! <3
You have to turn your channel opacity up so the "good" in the middle will show up
Nash deserved them tho RT : so it like the years kobe should have won MVP and steve nash got back to back MVPs
hell yeah. #gopackgo nsyncers love too
When the haters hate all I do is smile back.c:
#ONELOVE Thank you all for the views and subscriptions on our new YouTube Channel! Who's coming to the 19th Annual 9Mile Music Festival?
or you've had to look over G's shoulder once or twice too often ;)
the answer is ...it melts in your body...sigh.
that is terrible.
come visit me </3 ):
Pretty good beer too!
" I hate you " is a strong word..
WORK OF ART SUPERBOWL HALFTIME FASHION SHOW THIS SUNDAY....COME WATCH DA GAME FREE FOOD AND DRINKS PRETTY MODELS IN LINGERIE! DONT MISS IT!!
Okay I'm tired. Good night (:
Don't forget to check your vagina... RT : Piercing high pitched ringing in my bedroom: night 2. Cannot find source.
When you see her walking sneak up behind her and hug her around her waist<3
I had a Great day today.. At the sis waiting for dinner.. mm yummy...How was your day? <3
no it's all good. We had a total of ten managers last season, so I know how u feel
#YouAintHittinItRightIf no one blogs about your penis
Earlier today, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez returned to Cuba to resume his chemotherapy treatment for cancer discovered in June.
Never grow up.
So tired of getting my hopes up.
make a wish!!!
add bitches
thanks for the feedback! Our next mail drop is Friday morning! Have a great night!
Yes, multilingual information access to digital libraries and cross-lingual retrieval. I think we shortly met at EuropeanaTech.
EKU Football showing interest in Bradenton, Florida dual threat QB, Sean McCarthy.
Finally i finished i had 2 think bout those facts ;p
ma son knocked in tha backseat thank god
anyone here want a shoutout??????
Back to school -- classes begin today. Ready, set, study . . .
That's My shit.
He had no assists because people missed open shots. Many scored on the 2nd pass after he penetrated.
Love the way Newt pointed out all the candidates positive points. That's a real leader.
Not sure I'd want you to!
I HATE driving in south omaha. Craziest drivers ever.
Haha listening to throw it in the bag. An old song but I've always loved it
hahaha, more alc always does the trick! Tear it up mang!
IM GOOD JUST PUSHING THE MAGAZINE !! you at the salon
I need to focus on getting myself back on track,im all over the place
Thank you, Susan!
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
any other qualifying factors? I know several who meet that criteria.
Being the most indecisive person in the world is getting me nowhere and making me crazy. Might be time to change that.
Clearly I have defeated you earthworm with my words -- imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists
My band Has a show saturday! im stoked
what?! what did you guys fix?
Let's go FCB!!...wow first thirty seconds and Real scores...well that significantly deflated my excitement.
if you like books to movies, why not a 'blue bloods' movie! Just sayin'(:
I'm willing to fight for it though :-)
Fuse is looking for twitter peeps tonight 06/06 only. Show this tweet/RT to the GM Steve. Code word: ElectricSushi. See what happens!
And tell the cops I can buy my own bracelets!!! -Wayne
Bill O'Riley & Dennis Miller had fun ripping apart the no bake sale bill on The Factor last night. It was priceless.
Staff Writer Meeting tonight. Beer... check. Notepads... check. A pack of condoms and a willing goat... So check
I do elieve we are looking forward to some hot weather by Thursday
Who is coming to Zombie prom?
Welcome. We love a little snark
thinks its pity when someone cant get there life on track they have to try and cause problems for others.. Karma train is coming baby watch
See: U.S. for imperfect exemplar. A multi-relig., multi-cult., multi-ethnic VALUES-driven nat. pride+citizenship. IT WORKS!!
12 times :) list me?
I'm thrilled that we will be going to Jupiter and its moons in twenty years (& it's named after a BIG song). We have much to look forward to
watch the movie bamboozled and you'll be as smart as me
we welcome you with open arms
Hope to see you all tonight at the Hubert H. Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Awards Dinner!
To Serve Is To Live! Hope you are terrific.
I don't see it at all
We are getting ready for Valentine's Day! Don't forget to show your love, too - even if it's just a note to your love....
Give it a few more days...
Tonight will be my and my wife's first time seeing you guys. Can't wait!!!
I'm so excited about applying to MSB as a transfer student for this fall !
I can't wait for my Soulsation CD set to get here. That will be good times
After further review Howard the Duck is actually really weird. Not in a good way.
I would go through one of Dave Ramsey's ELP's
Omg. Vegas.
Yes girl..TELL these NEGROS,just cuz u paid for a MEAL,DONT MEAN nookie..cuz we both know sex outside of connection is
It's all T&F this afternoon! RT Logan Miller gets over 14 feet for the first time, and gets the win to boot!
#FF to , lead mobile analyst for If you're into mobile tech, Sascha is a must-follow!
Sad day in the world of wrestling.. The Macho Man Randy Savage passed away today. Snap into a Slim Jim in his honor everyone!
If you tell the truth, you don<U+FFFD>t have to remember anything.
First day my math teacher isnt here..
LOL right?! too funny!
Back from surgery, with a numb leg but otherwise ok. Seems to have been successful. Now for the rehab . . .
Little chilly here this am - nice!
WHERE IS THE DOG?
On closer inspection, his signature says "Avery Sample." You know, of the Sample family, from Trenton.
Hadn't heard of CS Lewis attacking the desire 4 equality. Hope you didn't take it out of context 2 elevate your political beliefs.
RT : I envy poets. Writing prose is like dancing while strapped to a chair.
#southbeachtow #Bernice is about to whip some ass !!!
why isnt trent in ugh
Say it ain't so I will not go turn the lights off carry me home
Congratulation! Our 10 year anniversary is tomorrow!!
Morning! Happy May! Happy Day! It's 9:15 a.m. and I haven't been yelled at once yet today. Give it time, my friends. Give it time. MOL!
S/O to my boo It's her 21st birfdayy! Happy Birthday love! Hope you have an awesome day! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
sh-sh-sh-sh-sugar honey iced tea, prettiest one that I see, lil mama icee's, they say she a #pisces, i heard they are feistyy
smh one of those blow your brains out boring type days
This day just got seemingly worse.
i dont know how i finished schools, i dont even like homeworks.
So who's got the craziest 4th of July plans? Im just gonna sit in my underwear and watch the Sea World fireworks, like every other night hah
Congrats to Stacy Rodenberger, Eastern Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
How does someone start a career as a pornographer?
3 things: 1. Thank you for talking me off the ledge tonight. 2. I appreciate your friendship. 3. Don't keep score.
I am on the high way going to reach home at 1:00. And I am in a honda. The new one baybee
lean + delicious!! Happy lunching!
I got great new for you! we will need a copy of his i20 and visa for approval!! I will send the information by DM
I pretty much have no respect for and anymore.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Its blowin me that we not on the phone right now
A lot of $$$ is made by maintaining a racial &socioeconomic caste system. And in convincing people that poverty is a mental illness
why do people insist that activists are idealist, dissenter, pot addaled hippies?! when in reality are forefathers were all of those things.
our new doggie! 8 yo, rescue, loves tennis balls. Todat's his first day here
Up text messaging my fiance && still watching #SaluteYourShorts :-) :-) :-)
New workout obsession listenin to #superchick!!!!
oh!! :P so whats your fave food? and your fave drink? what do you like to eat & drink before a concert?
u are funny, show was not...can't you get a real tv show? Hbo shopping?
Proverbs 13:4 "The sluggard craves and gets nothing, but the desires of the diligent are fully satisfied."
Well im missing girlfriends!!!!!!
Woods wins his first golf tournament in 2 years to capture the Chevron World Challenge title.
tonight everybody free til 12>>Reserve Lounge 723 Main St Houston, Texas/ ladies 18+ guys21+/ 5$ margaritas all night
I don't often find TV insulting. At least in the sense where I would actually voice my discontent. But this Off Their Rockers Show... yikes
THANK YOU! :)
It hurts to laugh. I didn't realize how much I laugh until now.
I've had a headache everyday this week.
I had too,,
sigh...time to work outside.
oh lord that's how my jeep was. That beast bleed me dry.
Caroline explaining to Frank how he needs a "partner" like on Modern Family, to walk around with baby Madeline >>>
Blogging more than once per day will result in more clicks/traffic
its all about the Cowboys babee.!<3
Those times when you drop EVERYTHING to be with ypur best friend.
If anyone has had enough of this damn sunshine I'm about to watch "My Girl". At 7. In a basement. Feel free to join me. Bring ice cream.
Thanks girl! Miss your face! I got fun things planned for the fall collection!
You're always there for me when I need cheering up, thanks music. <3
Last time MAAC got 2 bids was 1995, and at-large (13) Manhattan beat (4) Oklahoma. Iona deserves it.
Onto #posscon Columbia, SC anything not to miss?
Reggie gotta have phone
I hope so too!
We are so glad that our friends and William James showed us . Great music!
I LOVE my Kindle (original). I read a book or two a week now thanks to it. Never used a Nook but have an iPad and never use it!
RT : Does everyone automatically become a hippie when they enter the gates at Coachella? If you wore a suit would your head ...
ok if would would like u can say over for the night all of u
Still have over an hour to buy meat, eggs or milk, too! RT: Who is out at #dofl? Send those pics in & don't forget to order dessert :)
i got mhy phone taken away
no kidding! I might be down with that. Get some in the mix and it could be a party!
smh, you my nigga.. i hate it had to be you.
put the pic of me you and Adam up
When boys try to talk to me and they dont drive a truck >>>
hobson says nah-uh!
Missing the way things used to be..
thanks muchly! happy to be included w/ -
There is plenty of time for television, just not enough for sleep.
pleaaseee ! i love you and i dont want you to grow pleasee always you be
There is a Veteran's Day parade between me, my car, and my office. This should be interesting.
Sometimes saying "no" is hard. #life #decisions #destiny?
Gel medium transfers art series now in the works - custom pieces also avail, - contact for more info.
Mr. President, stay strong in your resolve. There are many people who respect you and the office you hold. Continue to walk in your calling.
I love Jesus!
HEY ALEX HOW ARE YOU TODAY I LIKE CAPS LOCK
Can I please have a GA scene when Teddy gets to yell at Mary Lynn Raskub's character? Preferably DAMMIT!
Omg! I love 30 seconds to mars!!!!!
Steelers by 3.
Live happily, Laugh often, and Love always...Be GRAND!
Always an adventure when you go with me, at least that is what everyone always says. But I think its a good thing! LOL
Blood Orange, Beet, and Fennel Salad Recipe from Bon Appétit
follow back please :o)
So the Boyz are going to be on the ABDC after the J Lo one?
is rob kardashian really moving out
The medical alert unit in ten years will be what cell phones are to people today.
Today's mission: Oregon Coast. FYI Netarts Bay restaurant The Schooner. Must dine! Chicken wings are amazing and The Czar sets the bar.
RT : Nancy Pelosi is not ignorant of Catholicism, she simply doesn't believe in it except as a component of her public image.
that's niggas like fuck with you the Queen Bee, you always speak the truth out your mouth and bust these bitches down!! Lol love U
“: Mark Ronson worked on Amy Winehouse's Back To Black and Adele's 19. . . #Respect” yes ! I love that.
Don't wanna pay 70 bucks for a simple flannel shirt! Goodwill here I come!
Trying to go to bed but the house is full of snoring...
Polar opposite effect.
": one last thing, me & kivon tried on your clothes & heels, lmaoo. "yellingg AVERY >_<
tweeting real time from class. Nice! And yes it was a great lecture!
You guys anywhere tonite?
happy early mothers day. <U+2764>
Wahi Media selected as a finalist for 2010 Small Biz Excellence Award by Tall Chamber of Commerce.
where can I get those dirty money varsity jackets from?thanks
Skelvis loves Asian Women....Especially Japanese Women !
Celebrating spring break with some of Xander's delicious vegan banana dough! oh yeaaaahhhh
Not yet... but at the end of June, yes!
Great day off with Nancy, Jenn, Jayden and Bailey. Danville we are in you. Pizza Hut, Huntington then Kroger. 82 and sunny will soon be 28
The Un-Official.... But most enjoyable Opening Day After Party is Tonight at Bar Louie Water St
yep but they kinda balked when I said I didn't want bailed out. so after the bad cop routine I was cited and released.
Off to warped!
Oh It's gonna be an interesting next Sunday
ur artist that was in the studio on sat, u still tryna get a track done?
The after party was sick! Went to a couple of bars and met up with some friends in the NW. Its about damn time for bed though. Peace. Im out
fabulous! i hope this marathon is ready for us to rock its socks off!
Im gonna party like it's my civil right :)
"Black Gold" is Amazing #live!
Getting ready to go with to The Pit for news conference and open public shoot around. Can't wait to see a legendary arena
That one thing that somone said, and you keep thinking about it 'till the rest of the day when you go to sleep and kills you inside.
Me and still need to party together
Teacher: You may begin your test. Goodluck. Me: May the odds be ever in your favor.
Nice job! Thumbs up! Check out the new Development Gateway website bit.ly/bM2e0g and let them know what you think! MT
I'm pretty excited too!
happy birthday Marvin Gaye and Michael Fassbender
Im okay, just being extra lazy :o watching basketball. Thinking about going back to my old job.
In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock
Can't wait to have you here! It's going to be great!
Actually other job ends in June. But I've already mentally left! Current field of study would definitely be applicable.
EyeRock's battle for the artist for charity it's all good
No surprise there! Wonder if poor tourney "run" sealed the deal or if he already had decided.
Heat Up
can't wait for the Vikings to beat the eagles!
Its still kinda early there! U gettin ready to go to work?
10 pets have been adopted in the first 2hrs of our 24/7 Adoption Event! Thank you!
let's see
#ff and great people to follow - happy friday!
Wife reminded me that 'stressed' spelled backwards is 'desserts'. Honestly, I'd prefer 'stressed' spelled backwards to be 'beach vacation'.
Headed to Gainesville for the orange and blue game!!!
Estelle Staal... Claire Fleury... Both have a nice ring too it
I can't believe you managed to get in sans lobster platter. I'm besotted.
Looking for the best photographic events in DC this weekend
hey everybody thanks for the quick response. Go to the new web site and become a memeber.
Thanks for following me Sean!
Going to chuck e cheese. Just for the heck of it and today's my friends birthday so were gonna go there. Be jealous
RT : So I should vote for people to run the country who don't know how to run a debate?
Why was dis big ass pitbull following me 2 da bus stop !
Wow Spy lol really
RT : I am looking forward to #SOBCon more than I ever looked forward to Christmas.
I only have one life and girl I wanna see you there
Nice reverse dunk today
KALE chips?? Haha that was the appetizer no worries
hey, girl.
Turn on the lights, I'm looking for her...
Correction: sooner or later, UConn and BC will meet again IN THE COURTROOM
My advisor is a peerless scholar, has advanced his field as far as any researcher, and keeps his foot firmly planted against my backside.
OpenOffice to the rescue! MT just attained MS Word..to fight autocomplete u have to do this retrospective stealth operation
Classic French.
looks like I need to start coming because you win when I come!
you were great in ! Fantastic job!
Ugh! #112 in line @ traffic court!
That is an unrealistic goal since in this world you will have trouble+You have an eternity of problem free living reserved for you in heaven
How I agreed to schedule a 4:30pm meeting on #CapHill this afternoon is beyond me. Regardless... 3.5 hours until the weekend!
“: 4th straight week I've lost out on desired player in fantasy baseball in the blind free agent bid process by less than $3.” McGoo
Is anyone else having issues w/ Twitter?
Whoa. Not even 8:00 and my allergies are full force this morning.. Gonna be a loong day.
Yeah, i have a case cellaring in my fridge right now.
We're celebrating the #graylaunch for !
Hey London by Chiddy Bang>
Oh, please. Two wheels is easy. I just handed my kid a unicycle and a helmet.
Laying back kicking my feet up.
Im so fucking done with this shit.
Thanks for the RT! You know, my hair just got long enough to wear a clip, and I have one I stole from you I use!
Everyone tune in tomorrow #espnu 1pm est to see & battle on the diamond!!!
Greek inspired dinner & dessert from
hun i just got back from NYU..but im wondering did ur cousin ever paid for the classes
I was ready for it! lol Until next time I suppose
Got a new haircut :(
is Spencer the one that tool a sabbatical to focus on sxhool
Thanks so much for the +K. You're awesome!
I agree. The cloud storage competitors bashing each other is pretty funny too-Ellison vs. Benioff the most recent example.
Sweet Tweets kickn it to u live:
#JustRemember what goes around comes around
Falling in love all over again with Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow on DVD a la Live in Munich 1977. Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame-worthy?
To all our followers: Turn your kid's bike into an exercise bike that controls the TV-Great for cold weather- 50% off only until Jan 2.
Sounds great. I hope you enjoy what you see!
Looking for a good, used road bike if any tweeters have ideas....
what do you think about #ACTA #StopACTA now threatening the future of the internet?
I'm surrounded by the best people ever! I appreciate you all very very much.
NOW YOU'RE JUST SOMEBODY THAT I USED TO KNOW.
#Bears lose! #bearsstillsuck!
One person with a belief is equal to 99 who have only interests. - John Stuart Mill
Up and time to make some cupcakes! #VanillaBean Happy Saturday all!!
take full advantage of it in every way. Do everything like there is no tomorrow. Coach T. Hicks
Whoops she's here now haha
Sounds good!
Thank you!
i absolutely love winona ryder's hair in 'girl, interrupted', it makes me want to keep mine short and black always
It is a hollow statement. What do u consider 2 b 'human rights' ? Re:You can't pick & choose human rights.....
My sweetheart need to call me <3 yea him
Nitrogen is not found in Ireland because it is not found in a free state.
If I were I would be scared shitless that 20million girls want this conda bro
I am just really infatuated with his hair lol its.. perfect
especially you jenny beckman.
Ron Roenicke is an animal.....
"its too hot to fart." -
As we remember, honor and mourn today, Let us not forget how we treated each other on that tragic day... and wonder why we can't every day
I have a lead on a Digital Media Supervisor gig in West LA. Message me if you are interested and I'll get you the details
No worries, we approve! The new site looks great, congrats.
nd if i want to be friends , ill let you know - til then #fallback !
Telling yourself you don't like someone, even though you do, so you won't get your hopes up & your heart broken.
Tonight! "It's About That Time" with HOT CLUB OF DETROIT 8pm & 10pm sets www.TwinsJazz.com
Your're gunna believe E! News, and think that Harry's dating Emma, when they were the ones behind Lily Halpern? Wow.
oh! very nice. me likey :)
Audition day is coming up!!! Email to have a chance at becoming a NJ Sky Dancer!!! <3
Today just SUCKS now.... :/
the man?
Haha I don't know.. this hot blond girl? She has great style and taste :)
Thanks for following!
omg shes so drunk!!!!! ahahahaha its so funny!
A dissenting voice! Interesting. I nearly dislocated my jaw on an Brooklyn bagel once, but it was worth it! ;-)
I am taking care of my procrastination problems you just wait and see :)
Ten minutes late to class - still in my seat before the teacher is in the room.
Atlanta Hawks kicking some Boston Celtics...@$&?
I don't know what this says about my state of mind, but Mambo No. 5 has been stuck in my head for hours.
Late night, who is going? :D
Game 2 for the Spokane Chiefs tonight in Round 1 of the WHL 2012 Playoffs.
dont grab him from me
do it! Anyways hav fun @ SD&tell TBS I'll see 'em @ warped ;)
We can live to die, but we can't die to live
we've built in both of you into our platform - would be neat if you both built each other into.. each other
Of course the toliet would overflow and flood the bathroom on the night I babysit.... ugh
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: If there is a specific company involved, contact them.
Room packed full of dudes and only one offers his seat. I love it when people are still chivalrous. #thankyou :)
Thanks to everyone who attended our networking seminar today. Stay on the lookout for more events.
Haha RT : Must be with his fake ass! me too. It must be National Follow Some Black People Day.
I'm having one of those "man, I love Austin" kind of days!!
We don't get many celebs nor godfathers in NE PDX. They're great w/ the single edge there btw.
ILL EAT THE LINING OUT IT LOL
Awesome practice! Can't wait for Saturday
Nah. Makes me even more sad, that he's trying to make us believe that the Vikings are "forcing" him to sign. Joke.
the whole No-Homo thing is really old. Mo-Homo here BITCHES!!!!
You keep putting me off like im nothing so im going to show you how 'nothing' is worth more than anything.
do you ever stay in NYC?
I really really really really don't want to present
Richard Madelely: Top authors at new Hampstead Garden Suburb literary festival
right there with ya, girl.
he said he was balling. still cant figure out how u cant come up with 2bands
oh, that looks great. Thank you! Am absolutely going back for another visit and will help to get better sense of its history.
Shot night > tipsy because I can't handle medical needles > but I like tattoos > whaa?
Thanks again to, and for giving us wonderful locations to perform!
does Jezebel take submissions? asking for a friend (really)
thanks for the RT!
I don't for a sec believe concussions don't play a role in this. But we also have a big NEED for answers/explanations. Not always so simple.
My pants kept saying, "Take me off" and I'm like, "NO, PANTS!"
We are the goon squad and we're coming to town. Beep beep!
The Onion recommended our show tonight at The Cactus Club over Chris Cornell's. Sit on that, Cornell!
i do b askin u, u b sayin u either got math thing to go to or u gotta go home. Or u b busy! But u wanna stay after skool
i love you. js.
lol you and everybody...I swear you're like the third person that brought that up today haha
4-0 vs the moroccans from astoria, i got to dust off some of my levantine arabic profanity.
Note to self: Your optimism and wishful thinking will get you nowhere. Get back to your computer and type.
Troy what is the success rate of pitchers returning to form after Tommy John's?
Big anti Walmart demo in los angeles Chinatown on
I hate it so much
#NP Can't touch this!!
At a gay bar in Frisco, CA watching fit in like a fucking glove
'i dont mean to toot my own horn' -Mikayla
true true. And as a super user of , I'd love to design the interface.
Expletives while alone in my car. Today's entry: "What the fuck! Moron!" Is this a healthy release of negative energy?
#osu needs guys who can go up and get balls like toon just did
Holy awesome! Go roller derby! via BCB Battlestars win the B-Cup tournament!!!!
#Time cover kid : Look , I'll tell ya - I get the same thing trying to break into pro tennis at 49. Ignore them.Don't break training !
RT : Pro-Gingrich super PAC bought more ad time today on Rush Limbaugh's show.
#BSBforever gotta love them and always will. :-)
You have a right to be loved and supported. It’s time for you to let go and know you are OK just as you are in the moment.
Do they do Zeppoles at the Osceola County Fair?
I don't know how to tell you that I'm done with running back and forth
#SometimesIJustWant to hear your voice
Cold case search = 1 large dog. No closure today for family of 9 yro missing since 1993. How do they cope?
I am really looking forward to the event. I have lots of great actionable LinkedIn steps for nonprofits. See you then.
It's social bookmarking, so you can save links online and then access them from any computer.
Badgers get the stop | Force a long field goal attempt | Good from 45 | (30-24 NU)
Teaching mother how to play Temple Run,
Me either. Or my followers list.
You're such a negative person..
RT : the little things always count
#LoveTeamMindless :) We Put Lots Of Hard Work In For Having To Be #1 :) #LoveThem!
thx 4 the shout out. Bay love, bay love!
Over the computer? They can't keep you grounded forever.
hey thanks RT
Many academic libraries subscribe to Leprechaun Biography Online, but you're right - she was silly to expect it at a public library!
nice photos girls
Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to dream, create and live.
They havent forgot about the lock-out I guess.
Discussion of book-related parties is officially off the hook. Fancy Nancy Maisy Olivia Pinkalicious Very Hungry Caterpillar
most people use TweetDeck or Seesmic
medium season finale was awful. writing seemed like wrote it on real short notice. allison's whispering/ speaking annoyed me to bits!
I'm just so disrespectful. #OhWell who really cares though?
it's fantastically liberating. X
We don't want you to play because we don't want you to get hurt. That's what happens when you play in this game, apparently.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Various
My friend said "Onions are the only food that can make you cry." That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.
#edchat #engchat Banned Books Week is Sept. 24-Oct.1, what will you be doing for it?
I follow a lot of poets and comedians. They understand most of the time.
Thank you everybody who came out this past weekend! Can't wait til Friday to do it all over again &
#overthesummer I reconsidered having children later in life.
So what do you do when you long your TRUE LOVE and know that you'll be turned down?
android, cuz they're the only phones you can get on prepay! Trees!!!
got my phone taken away
ima pray on it. then let it go. put it in gods hands cause its nothing i can do.
Thanks the RT and all the work you do!! Have a great weekend!!!
There's a "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "us" in trust, & an "if" in life
Oh and how could I possibly forget Say Anything, Gym Class Heroes and Parkway Drive on my #BandsILove list?
no prob I really do enjoy everything you do! I hope to one day be as good.
You have inspired me to want a logo too, but haven't found the time to make one yet, any suggestions?
I love Twitter I wouldn't ruin it by bitching on it lol
RT "Why am I having such a hard time?" "I think it's ok to have a hard time parallel parkg on a hill on the left while in labor."
Are there really people who watch TV in the morning? If you've got time to watch TV, you've got time to sleep.
hey wat up this is estella
I just finished the first book last night!!! It's soo good=)
I'm terrible with telling stories and explaining myself.
I don't wanna kiss, I'm too intrigued in this chick flic. Lol
Will Seton Hall go dancing?
UL still playing hard, but game is over.Congrats to UK.
I must go on my next trip home.
Got it. Sorry for the confusion. Regardless, you are my favorite writer on site. It was probably Merckle.
Good evening.
yes please let's!
I'm banking on Jenny and her blanket making career. That sewing machine is my 401k.
Enjoying some #Tampico20oz… join the Tampico party!
AFRO HAITIAN Dance class Live Drumming! with Michelle Martin at Dance Mission Theater San Francisco tonight Tue, October 12, 6:30pm – 8:...
I've been feeling deathy ill for the past 24 hours. Ugh, pesky little germs.
Good god this burrito could feed an Ethiopian family of four.
more followers pls
Sometimes the library IS a place for napping and that's ok.
Thanks Jared! We're certain about it too :)
Launching Starting Point Church Apex Sunday February 26.... Come out and be a part of this awesome day in our church!
we appreciate your support thanks!
Some one say lunch?
now you're at the 'comfy like a broken in pair of shoes' phase. Totally underrated by Hollywood.
"Whatabox" - sounds like it should be a club on Bourbon.
thanks for the updates from #ieg2012! Sounds like it was a great event!
Doesn't even get you out of paying taxes!
love you<U+2665>
that food hit the spot :))
Took a nap, nd woke up in a crappy mood. :/.
With the Chiefs singing of Kelly Gregg might we see Franklin return to the niners?
Thanks for the shout out !
there are like 20 cardinals on our deck right now. probably has something to do with the birdseed
Huzzah! Free Microsoft mousepads for everyone!
I'm not sure being a good game is the point of Munchkin, to be honest. (Sort of like AD&D2...)
Need a palate cleanser after Shark Night. Cast A Deadly Spell should do nicely.
Just got done at cheer practice <333
I can see #IanSomerhalder as #Christian #Grey sure. But I can also see Liam #Hemsworth or Chris #Pine doing the role a solid one.
naw just the water front the room was tight ?
Nice to meet you too! It was a great article.
Its almost been a month already ;/
G, are you ready for ... "a kind of magic?"
It's there. You left it under ERASERHEAD.
I'm all for lip biting but when u tryna literally pull my lip off my face gtfoh your turning me way off. Cannibal bitch.
One of my all time favorites
GREYSON, YOU JUST LEAVE US HANGING! TELL US HOW YOU GET TICKETS!!
haha exactly! in reference to my tweet after that, this morning lol. thanks girl! good luck on yours too! can't wait 4 ours!
Someone turned up the AC in Denver...brrrr
These picadillo tacos were delicious!!
Any Japanese artist who work in NYC and has a website can apply for our plan. Pls contact us through direct message! We'll send u detail.
Didn't get no M&Ms cause a Bitch said something to me -__-
The view from the water is usually better than the view from the shore
Just realized I haven't been following for all this time, dunno how i lived w/o it, but now I am and you certainly should too!
the king decided to wear his crown tonite turible turible news for the spurs(in my barkley voice!)
What 4 words describe summer for you? A Muse Fuse wants your help with poetry prompts for its Mid-Summer Muse-ical Madness coming in July.
thanks for the RT!
Enlarge your art collection at RAA. June 10-12, silent auction, bidding wars, excitement, helping out a non-prof, getting cool new art!
You guys are good plotters... :)
“: Breaking news: Judge dismisses all counts of Lou Manzo indictment” // seriously?
Love how can quote course related hashtags off the top of his head. That kind of knowledge drives #uwsocial success!
Even GED holders think Alexass is stupid.
Reading rhetoric texts with fancy terminology. E.g. "prolepsis," which sounds like a nasty medical condition.
#CHILL bro ur blowing up my phone! ;)
yea, billa... I'll call u later
<3 LOVE you boy
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mom's out there. ;-)
this will be my third one this year alone. I have too many already.
And sometimes you just need to put all the work down and let it be.
I really want to play COD 4 right now :(
if someone wishes me happy mothers day at brunch later I will show them a pic of my cat
Thanks so much for the Pandora recommendations--I listened while doing some cooking myself! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
no, you can't. And it will be an adventure and memorable!
Well today has been a long day... So far.(: hahaha.(:
love you too!
4000 Colts fans did not renew their plans this year. Economy or poor football?
You need to change your password. I've already gotten 4 spam messages from your account.
Well isn't Steve Jobs the poster child for the pro-life movement.
#SometimesYouHaveTo understand this ladies: i'm gonna cum,its up 2you 2get urs before i finish.. its not
FU North Carolina. I check my spending closely. No $s of mine go to bigots. I'll spend extra $ driving around not to even pay your tolls.
earn a living! 5 minutes work for a full days pay!
i did
have a doll with his hair but dosent have a hair cut
What is the "Conservative movement" except a concerted effort to make sure the rich hold onto their damn dollars?
didn't they used to look like Jacob's??
lmaoooooo exactly !!! Where she gettin a job though -__-'
Good morning
Good game. You guys made me proud! :)
Discussing #JMS481 etiquette lesson with my mom. She has every item on the list! And now I know what a saucer is...looks like a plate to me.
Come jam w/ us at 6pm same stage.
When do you think there will be a screening in San Francisco? I've heard great things.
Checked my email for the first time since break. It's gonna be a long day today
Just made a donation. Hope he gets all the money!!!
time for break! see ya! ;)
Messed up and didn't put #SXSW on my vision board this year. Adding it now for next year!
#mohrstories would love to hear more "inside baseball" acting stuff - ever take classes, coaches, teachers, etc. Love the pcast!
Agreed. But capitulation is pretty sweet. :)
Computer: Scientists develop bio-engineered hard drives, wires - Gemini
How do Democrats feel that Obama Admin Admits: Gov’t Will Lose $14 billion on Auto Bailout?
#MartinChapman of #SeattleOccupy in the House! Martin has done *amazing* work pulling Seattle together!
Looooonnnggg drive back from Sheffield! Pass me the redbull!
Happy Birthday Dear! Enjoy
My Mother As Five Parking Tickets...Lolzz..
Hows it going...
Had a wonderful #Mothersday celebration with , and #Johnny. Thanks for making me feel like a queen everyday! Luv u guys
you only speak the truth
No way! You guys did ;P RT Thanks for an awesome show tonight San Diego! You guys rocked!
I say to hell with #fightthepower I really do feel bad for you now that you have to move to ILL!! lol
What does everyone think about hitting our goal of 200 followers before THANKSGIVING?! Lets do it!!
HAPPYBIRTHDAY BOO! :D your really awesome for having the same birthday as Mee :D haha i hope you enjoy your birthday <3 <U+E310><U+E34B><U+E437>
HEY MY FAVE DRUMMER DUDE! WASSUP MAN?
Always making a way...#MogulStatus ...about to apply for my Health/Life License and get my material!!
Got Sandy's pic on Twitter for her...Now are you going to tweet anything girl?!
Typed in 'what makes you beautiful by one direction' on pandora and Jessie J came on....... Its faith Niall (': its faith!
Absolutely, contact me to set it up.
thanks so much Ro!
Finally off of work now I can go home and rest my ankle till tomorrow morning
Shawty got them crab legs, I got that Old Bay wid me!!
Just cruised past a meeting going on downstairs my building, powerpoint slide that said "White space is good." Terrible blanket statement.
Aw bitch stfu !!!!
John #Davidoff says: "4 gens in workplace: pre-war, boomers, Gen X, Millenials." Millenials know what peers want and how 2 reach them.
I like that too, but w/kiddos I couldn't listen to the first situation tonight. S word is still hard w/12 yo.
. we've got attorney from Atkinson and expert from making presentations.
Just paid $2.50 for a PB&J sandwich at UTEP. Seriously? Expensive much? A vegetarians gotta eat. Help me out a bit...
thanks Jason! Watching the game? I try to explain the stakes on this on to duke friends, but they don't get it!
Crazy day. My car just sold and I am now carless in the suburbs. Oops...
Worth every second!! I hope they do commentary on that ep!
Happy Mothers day!!
You could have the best performance in the world.. If what you saying is trash... You don't impress me
Heeheehee....wait, what?
my book came yesterday (surprise) started readin- can't wait 2 finish work 2 finish readin - great read so far
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama Vote For Him!!!
#askbieber why is he so sexy!!<U+E056><U+E056>
Caught your article on inc this morning. Thoroughly enjoyed it and wanted to let you know.
Yes, I believe he is. Awesome kid although he'd give me a heart attack sometimes, lol
Amazing to see ideas talked about come to fruition. eg. user-created tagging for images
I'm pretty excited about the 5th kingdom. I want to be their queen.
Where do u #volunteer? Do u feel like u r #makingadifference?
seriously!! I'm like what is going on?!?!
Hello Twitter
hearing Mark Lyons is considering Kentucky. Doesn't SEC have a rule against 5th year senior transfers? U think he ends up at AZ
follow QUICK!
Miss you Mat RT : Good game boy!
Next two nights off, i wanna have some fun
Working from home on research for "Education Informatics" chapter in Scott Walter's new Handbook on Education Librarianship
follow back request.
Charter schools have contracts w/ authorized agencies that describe how student performance is measured pursuant 2 State tests
#SavvyBrandingTip: People are not only buying your product or service, they are buying YOU. You are your BRAND!
HD will definitely bring out the awfulness of Brad's kit.
So literal ;-)
God blesses the giver...the nature of giving is not the amount.
Eisenach: retrans isn't perfect. He got that right.
Missing the #RoyalWedding and loving it...
“ RT : #Leo gives us life. Without them, we would all wither and die. Good thing they are here!”
Performing magic tonight with Jason at the Wilmette Theater. Our unborn child reads minds.
My pool is finally crystal clear!! Time to go swimmin! :D
Dr. Maddow got her show from contributing to Olberman, Dr. Harris from Dr. Maddow?..HM!!!
Tornado victims still need donation items! Toiletries, water, storage containers, clothing-make donations here, &
I am pretty tolerant of bad food & bad service, but this #KFC pissed me off. I have NEVER asked for my money back before tonignt.
redneck optimism: beauty is in the eye of the beer holder
I'm getting one tomorrow !! Come see me !
thank goodness haha. someone realizes male vnecks actually look good lol
I'm doing a live demo of Redact-It by for my blog. I'll have a complete review shortly after.
Great! I have an agent who is available to help you right now - I let her know. 206-388-0804
2011 green bay packers run by or even Matt Flynn
I'm really impressed with the amount of One Direction King's Dominion plays on their loudspeakers...I approve!
Our rescuers in Albania are picking up their awards
Grabbed a cheesesteak and took the dog to the dog park. Everyone's happy here and ready for a better 2008. Best to you too!
lol #truth RT Depends on the family member lol RT RT RT if you love spending time with your family.
what good
Boy: "So I heard you like bad boys?"...Girl: "Yep"...Boy: "Well, not to impress you or anything but I know how to swim without floaties."
Yes we are so excited!
YES! YES! YES!
I love my boyfriend!
hate watching the badgers always run into shooting droughts in march
This is very cool. Thanks for sharing it. #wls2012 will appreicate this.
#NP Jewel "Who Will Save Your Souls?"
#EMAC students: if you want to sched appt to talk about registration, please email with 3 times that work for your schedule. Thanks!
Happy yesterday was St. Patrick's Day
greetings! visited Germany on business in 1987. loved it! drove down to a town near ettlingen called waldbronn.
Someone please explain this to me! Lol RT : If you're a lesbian and you dont eat pussy, what's the point of being a lesbian?
Beach today :)
Absolutely! I tried to twitpic while standing behind you on stage at annual meeting but no signal.
just follow me lungs hahahahahuhh!!
oh ok maybe later lol
The rebirth of our #hotel demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest level of service, #style and comfort to our guests.
- you are not alone in your addiction! :)
Mellow mush opening across the street from drakes in the ville
Yup, distance SURE DOES make the heart grow fonder.
I mean I like the dancing but... WHY IS IT A SHOW LIKE ABDC WITH MARIO LOPEZ!!~
All my love to and ! Have a great show! I wish I could be there!!
Our friend Recoe had a Christmas and made "dressing muffins"! I think I'll make a batch on Christmas:)
D-U-K-E who the F*** you come to see?
If you don't take care of business there's someone out there that will . . .
RIM should probably just give their customers free apps to the Apple App Store for when they switch.
I can't sleep now . #SaySomethin is Amazing. It's stuck in my head .. But's that's a good thing (;
Hey man ... who told you that you could use those pictures!
what do you mean "not the same as cudi" it's the same person :P
so excited for new songs , & have a good early birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
forgot i got a ticket for selling beer to a minor when I was working at my dads store..
i followed u
Thanks for the follow Theodore - hope you're doing well in #New York and stay in touch!
Q1) metaphor in today's class: the understanding pipe. The visual will help me remember the concept.
heck ya GURL TELL IT!!
omg!! You shouldn't drive at all!
With my dad. Got some more things done with the house and we go nuts!
what if u already follow ? I do! :)
Passing up all the awesome yard work to do by lounging out in the sun. It's really a no-brainer. Plus, It's not my fault it's so nice out.
13 hrs. We do what it takes to guarantee the satisfaction of our clients!
I am recently unemployed actually, and an aspiring drunk.
"Goldberg" chants for Ryback. Awesome.
A source of funding for museums in the next 25 years? MILLENNIALS (holler!!) It will require more thought. We engage differently
Last call mixshow Mothers Day edition we got u with the female bangers new hits for ya sick back and relax
Probably not after the whole swimsuit thing!! Who was it that told you that??
Listening to the new live album- Unlocked: Live from Georgia Theatre. So far so good!
#aam2011 fact: Museum professionals are like shaman (and not just because of awesome jewelry). Super psyched for tomorrow!
Ready to learn about 's Seminar for Historical Administration.
Its raining!!
thanks for following back. I like your sense of humor.
OMFSM. The pain. Not bad pain. Good pain. But it goes from my shoulders to my ankles. And, BTW, subspace is great for working out I found.
Your the only one I want to be kissing forever <3
more and more hugs!!! jajaja ;-)
Whats the point of lying about stuff that you dont have 2 lie about?
yo your dads in jail b?
I need a pattern that will read as both organic and industrial. I'm torn between G611 & G669 thoughts?
I'm starting to get a lot of followers
": Special Congrats to Our FB Graduating Seniors!! Good Luck Men!! Keep Working Hard to Reach Your Dreams!!"
Hahah ai Know I Told Bohanan That I Was Gonna Do It Lol.(: I Will Just Mess With You Tommrow haha(: Babel(:
I'm not even white trash LOL
Does this means fireworks are canceled tonight? #bored #raindelay CJ was bout to get lit up anyways
I NEED to meet you boyz before you guys go home :( I mean I always have to meet my inspirations! :)
i like the idea of quora, but, in my opinion, people really go overkill with the opinions.
What are you talking about?? Those stupid teabaggers didn't get ANYTHING out of this deal!!! Barack played them like fools!!!!
You got some proof for this BS you're spouting about Cal (other than making yourself feel big talking about meeting a scout)?
Can anybody confirm if there is a taco bell currently in union square? There is a lot riding on this pending information.
But wat better than the alternative. Good luck!
Earth, Air, Fire, Water. You're IT! - David Macauley
Anyone know of any good web project management book/web resources?
Explaining facebook to my mom is like teaching physics to a 5 year old.
I think this is the most intelligent thing that I have heard regarding sex work all year!
I did!
Call me. RT : Gettin up to go to hospital wit mom
WIll tomorrow's Michael Jackson Memorial end in:
Thanks to all new followers! More content to come this week!
Check out the College of Business Administration's Entrepreneurship program ranked number 16 in the nation! Many classes offered this fall
me too it actually looked like he crushed it off the bat
yes Savy and me we used to be close but than I fucked it up :(
30 Rock had a pretty funny stab at the Bay Area last night. I wont forget this Tina Fey.
Anybody need a Google + invite? DM me your email!
Bro's before Hoes!
Happy Anniversary ! I've been a fan for over 15 years, love you guys! Can't wait to hear your new stuff!
never heard a girl say they like mamas boys who like to be spoiled.
Now this Lady wanna fcking Change the Channel like r yu fcking serious? Ugh.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 57
what was this? Happy to send useful things along... :)
Well so much for that.
This year we have a single stage at the fountain.Tonight Mary Cogan, a Tulsa fav, will be performing.
#diginterp class: How about your favorite Star Wars character as theme today?
Get your records out and bring them to LP Thursday! We will be playing records all night. Enjoy the sounds of LP's while drinking wine.
Thanks! How are things down there?
So far, no puns. What the hell, guys.
I've followed you and accepted your friend request! muahaha operation take over of social networking is a go!!! haha
When we have each other, we have everything.
It's Gameday! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Thanks... it was tough, but so great to have them all in town :)
No matter how shitty my day at work is, is always the shit
The threes are going tonight!
RT Why b*tches be taking advice from other b*tches that can't keep a man theirselves ?
My teacher says nutella is good, what do you guys think?? (:
its all truuuu
Novice computers work with multiple challenges: poverty, disability, literacy. And they think the prob is them.
STOP MAKING SENSE!!! RT : . Sweat can't sign with the Pats, he's on the browns reserve/retired list
I was too busy laughing to help the lady who was thrown off the treadmill in front of me. I think I might be an asshole.
Big shout out to our new followers , and Getting us over the 250 Followers mark.
#nowplaying Sleeping With Sirens - Fire
Meetings, bright and early tomorrow. AWP begins . . .
Simple tip for improving your real estate photography....point your camera straight, do not point up or down.
If you dont be up when i be up u just dnt plan on workin at all do you? These business hours
RT Student Runs Underground Banned Books Library from her Locker bit.ly/oLzJc8
The new upgrade seems to be very jump and I can't paste things. Got any tips or suggestions to solve this problem?
TRAFFIC: Disabled Vehicle in Traffic - IB Verona Rd near Raymond Rd - blockage
Siblings reunite amid laughter, questions - San Antonio Express
I just love #louis theroux!! He's so manly !!
#HowToGetRejected: Not being One Direction..(:
that's great
Hi! Y'all wanna sign the bring1DtoBoston twitlonger!
My roommate woke up with a centipede crawling on her face. Ewwww doesn't even begin to describe the way I feel.
Glory Manchester United
Maybe some of these receivers from the crowd have a year or two of eligibility left ...
Reminder: We're CLOSED 4-5pm today to set up for tonight's Free Play Party! Just $5 at the door, no quarters needed. 21+ only, bring I.D.!
Like turtles they're real sensitive if you knock on them it hurts them, if the fall on their backs they'll die.
You've seen SLC Punk -- we all eventually wind up in law school, sans mohawk. Fists/civilsuits: all the same ()
makes me smile.
no prob, just DLed ur app, digging ur music! U ever play in Nashville?
Today is the big day, don't forget to exercise your right to VOTE! Let's repeal SB5 and celebrate tonight!
At The Barber Shop .
. i am nothing if not dedicated. ha!
"Those who spend too fast never grow rich."
ah good luck! and aw thankya i cant wait! <3
cant please everyone
San Diego bound on this movement type shit
O I love that show!! (:
No practice today means I can come home and take a nap!
#Ballard Town Hall: "Running a city government isn't the same as running a business" #seamayor ^jh
come on
It seems to more connected to hormones with men.
Paging Miss Clavel...
Welcome to Boston JaJuan...looking forward to watching you all year long from sec 304 too
Dang Missin my marine :-(
I know! Then again, not sure if the twitverse is ready for Cindi
Its so easy for me to get annoyed with people when I'm tired.
Yay! Tomorrow is finally the day! Going with my baby to the Britney Spears FemmeFatale show at the A in MIA! Can't wait!! :)
I just realized the Woman I Love is Music...Aint No Bitch Like Her. She Excites me. She's my "FireCracker". Music is My "Spark". I'm Sorry..
Thank you Scott Dvid and Robin Nassif for the awesome classes we had yesterday. The students couldn't have been more thrilled.
okay took a shower put my hair in braids okay time for bed school tomorrow ugh o well! NITE
my team meeting tomorrow night near Penn St @ 7 come by, bring a friend.
RT :) RT @ jamesandamber Morning drive in w/ @ DARRENHARDY Success mag audio series = Awesome start to the day.
re: Programming Roomate. Very innovative work.
Merry Christmas everybody! I hope y'all feel as good as I do right now!
RT:Office2010il: Not familiar with OneNote ?, head over to www.iheartonenote.com to see what real people are doing with it
tired of listening to these wack rappers mixtapes, who got something good?
Just saw a guy wearing a full tilt hat. Major tool.
OLP at the Masters Conference in DC on eDiscovery Certification panel. Judge Faciola moderates. Come & see the fireworks!
I love with all my heart
Keep up the good work! #motivation RT : killed me today!!!! Thank ma'am!!!! Getting MIA ready
very astute observation. remembers stuff only for one side....
But with you my love, with you my love, with you I will return
I wonder how Siri would pronounce 'Zooey'. Too bad Apple cut it out.
Its been about 4 weeks since New Year's. How many of you committed to stickK to a resolution and how many of you are still stickKing to it?
you're the jerk!
'Hanover' is getting 'Bentover' on Saturday.
Do it first, do it fast and keep on doing it...
what's wrong? :/
Chili Chicks n people on the stage, the dance floor n the bar....omg what a freakin party @ renegades in wpb.
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
What a beautiful day in Los Angeles, I'm ready to start my day :)
I'm to the point where I just don't care anymore.
Ii Don't Feel Like Fixing Anything , So Ii Got Me A Bowl Of Cereal.
I'm watching!
RT : Artist Reception Nob Hill tonight from 5-7pm for Kim Love! www.kloveart.com
OH! Lmfao I should be going to the Believe Tour, if I don't...shit will go down & UA :-)
hid the remotes from me! Now i have to watch basketball -__-
It's a little early, but I'm watching #christmasvacation again!
That darn Box O' Joe will get ya...
No...YOU have a good day!
Donnell Jones has the best break up song of all time because he realized he was stuck in a wavery median acknowledges he love her but needed
Definitely wanna celebrate Cinco De Mayo. Who's throwin the banger?
Everyone has a uncle June bug
how can we help u this weekend?
There are very few performance opps for actors w/ disabilities. interviewed 100 disabled performers & chose 7
nice have fun
Happy Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain. – Mark Twain
did u ask her if she is interested in some part time yard work? LOL
The old me is dead and gone
Praying for you. we need you brother.
so I can only say it in dm?
No! And drat, because I could use the $1000K.
no thanks. :)
"Love Has No Pride," Bonnie Raitt; "Song for Adam," ; "Accidentally like a Martyr, Warren Zevon--short playlist
Miss ya <3 x
are you going? I hope you are phattttt as!
#WhiteSox Please take Adam Dunn out of the lineup! Please!
At point reyes, nice n foggy
I'm an idiot
Never live with regret, so I aint dying with guilt.
they probably are having him hold off until they get a clearer picture of whether he qualifies or not
Ooh thx! & yes, I remember how to get to you. Or I'll call when I'm lost, haha!
Everyone in the organization needs coaching. Top executives frequently turn to other professionals for advise and counseling.
He's 18
Some people can be so idiotic and oblivious sometimes, and can't even see whats in front of them.
:) What happened to your followers/following? :( RT : #NF again
Lose a friend or two, gain a couple better friends.(: I guess life works that way.(: I kinda like it.!(:
Just tapped, Brewing DBA: Double Barrel Ale (replace Trippel Belgian Style Triple Ale)
A moment of silence for Indonesian Little Monsters! Ugh it sucks so bad their show got canceled.
where is this??!
Separation of Church/State? Does anyone read the Constitution? These are ppl leading our Country?
hahahahaha hell no brian cardinal looks like he should be playing at the YMCA with the old men
Were here to help so were giving away a FREE promotion tweet. Subscribe to our website and send us your link
Do you know who else will be at Mosaic?
Catching up on the convo. Thx 4 the nice comments. Our team just follows 's lead!
Surg. Gen. calls youth smoking "epidemic." Indiana legislators say "Hey kids, come on into smoky clubs." Brilliant.
ENKG let's not forget that today is day #3 for traders with margin calls and this could get interesting. $$$$$$$$$$
I wish would have shared his "hot sauce" recipe to the Browns so that they could have put some on #7's ankle last night.
hahahaha don't tempt me
Wow The Avengers has grossed over $800M at the box office in 1 WEEK!! That's INSANE!!
The more I watch Game of Thrones, the more it fuels my phony Medieval English accent.
an it was tweet not urs
MT : Aristotle made a 3-fold distinction: theory (thinking); production (making stuff); practice (doing stuff w/ people).
Yay!! I just booked a commercial!!!
2 minutes to go in the #falcons #saints game atlanta up by 3
Thanks, ! Jaime is great! Glad u enjoyed the preso.
This was a a most beautiful day. Glad to get back to business
Dec. 15 holiday event! The public is invited. Join Denver's ISPI, ASTD & DCF for networking, food, drinks & helping others. www.ispi-frc.org
there was no baking occurring was it? Lol
It is wonderful how quickly you get used to things, even the most astonishing
yeah...tupac, you didn't know that was his nick name?
#NBAFinals: #LeBron comes alive to take it to a seventh game. Because he likes money and so does the NBA.
Doesn't matter. Not everyone has or even needs a car these days. Public transportation can get you to work.
When people subtweet I become a twitter detective to find out who they're talking about.
Love attracts, attachment repels.
I LOVE JUSTIN B. NEW SONG RIDE!!!
Beware of using words "visitors" & "audience", it makes us a "place that they come to." -Doug Borwick, community engagement session
I don't disagree with that. But they represent the mainstream not the extremes. Extreams are the ones out of sync.
Can you please help us trend R.I.P. Kenzie? A TVD fan committed suicide last night because of hate she was getting on tumblr.
So il
We really like how press releases are indexed so quickly...awesome content marketing opportunities.
Message was sent to Bynum by Brown. In order to win big we need 30 reb effort every night scoring be damned.
TONIGHT! Crossing the Delaware, Under Waves, Look I'm Burning, Burn the Ides, & Defender Defeater @ The Loft! See you there!
"All I want to do is change the world." - W. Clement Stone.
*hi five friends!*
we need to go climbing soon... It's a FANTASTIC stress reliever
The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money.
good morning. How are you?
Really impressed by the innovations of Vidal Sassoon. Great documentary, !
Have a friend in from Ireland and looking for a fun bar to hit up this weekend. Suggestions?
ServiceDog411 Thanks for following, will look 4 ur tweets! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Why do I feel the need to keep pushing back my finals? Almost finished!!
When Life Gives You Lemons Make Chocolate Milk& Let Them Bitches Just Sit& Stare& Wonder "How The Hell Did They Do That?" #SwagLikeThat <3
I have to get two shots
Part 2 of our Season Finale in 30 minutes and counting...
When we humbly serve our God, we are happiest for we're not wanting. When we serve our ego, we're always wanting & therefore always unhappy.
I wish I understood why nutrition advice to men is "Eat whole, unfried foods" To women, it seems to be "cut calories, by eating fake food."
I would do it anyway. If it speeds up donor time great, but seems to be another blantant #FB PR move before IPO.
Last Month I pinged like hill to tell him that I'm back to UAE and he just replied... Great :)
Aww! Night, love you too!
My 2012 Immigration Webinar Series includes June 28th event on "Investing in America - Immigration Options for International Investors...
Great job, !
wait, which one?
I want just a solid chocolate bar.
You don't even know how much I want the weekend. School blows. I wouldn't be lying if I told you I've only gone 2 days this week...
Ion f#*k wit new niggaz
There`s always that one person who`d do anything for you. that`s the one you should marry.
Z...#sleep with the #Angels my friends xo
Just to double-check/clarify: left-anchored search doesn't take words like "the," "a," "an," etc. into account, right?
The final poster designs are coming up for #Rising, #Knock, #Rings, and #Prism. and I are hard at work on them. -JO
Its so true!You alwys think the next 1 cld be the 1 & Grandma isnt taking my money tht I sat 3 hrs trying to get
Nice! Something to mop up the meat sweats
for sure...I think a WR steal available in later rounds
Mizzou players dancing on the court to rub their win in Baylor's face. Stay classy, Mizzou.
What a nice little eve of HH with the gals at Dickson and then some ramen & milk/cookies at w/!
Just had to move from my lunch spot because the two dudes behind me were talking about the Game of Thrones books. Don't spoil it for me!
It was really good.
Cheers to all #mothers out there! I raise my glass to you:)
listening to on <U+2665> this is love
No problem :)
Why people are always lie?
Back to running and it feels so good
You got a sharp eye honey
thanks for the follow!!!!
Hello Branko: Great to see you here on Twitter.
We have 1/2 Price Bottle Wednesday all Day and Night! All Bottles off the Menu are 1/2 Price!
nothing to observe yet, tho he's only worn it a few times. It looks super hippie (and adorable)
We agree!
I can tell im gonna like this LA fitness membership
Wake up to find out that you are the eyes of the world... <U+266B>
At first Friday in Philly!
cause I love food yo lol
Happy Easter Everyone! Jesus rose from the dead on this glorious day & I hope God has blessed your life in many ways. #blessed <3
Did you add any special touches to your wedding invites to make them unique?
Made the worst decision of my life in 2005 and again in 2008. A true FML x100.
Just have proper exercise and good body posture. It will help a lot!
is sleeping curled up in her seat. #DogStatus... Still don't see how she is, my dad's driving like a maniac.
hes really god
Who doesn't love last minute casting? (At least it's more notice than 30 minutes before their call time ha)
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! THANK YOU for your ongoing heart-felt support and interest in Naked Health. I am passionate & dedicated to give you…
Thanks Have a Rockin Weekend!
I TOLD YOU NOT TO TELL ANYBODY!!!
Forrester segments e-buyers as spearfishers (searched for product) and shrimpers (enticed by social, email, deals, etc). (via )
RT : Your New Year's Resolution should be an actual RESOLUTION! Your business/church/non-profit/club can support #INTransit:...
New episode of the hilarious / series tonight on ! Play along and get rewarded by !
Sorry you cant say that to me then expect me to continue talking to you.
just let me know. I'm down.
RT More women entrepreneurs win $ in than percentage of participants. Woop! #PPC #SOCAP11 #socent (cc )
Getting very depressed over the fact that I'm almost done with the Hunger Games series... what's next?!
No #CLIPPERS? RT : Staying home tonight. Have to be up early tomorrow. So pizza.wings. & movies it is :)
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. - Mario Andretti
thanks for following us back!!! check out our music when you get a chance!
I'm missing Jack White live on YouTube :'(
iPhone available on Verizon... NOW! I'm going to wait to see if AT&T network improves when many switch over. Ok, ok, I'm contracted...
No plans tonight? Browse the K&M website! www.kmcamera.com
morning world. So far I've been hit on by a gross cabbie and got mascara on my eyeball. Now where's the train and who's buyin me coffee
Only rachael and I would be this spontaneous to due my hair at 4 in the morning. #goodbyeblondie :(
Hey, Jay, would you like to speak to my class at ASU some time about athletes and politics? I'm in the History Dept.
I agree it's important. Though, makes me wonder how long b4 a pill to prevent #cancer comes along.
DASA says all teachers trained in bully prevention and intervention but DASA doesn't define training ...sign up teachers for navy seals-done
It's an exciting time at the #GoldenGlobes at the Bev Hilton! Yay for awards season! Gotta love wearing my tux!
I'm not on a plan, but his stuff is good! It's fun to get 401k statements & see how much your $ grows! :)
You're never alone with a - smartphone.
A puts national avg for unleaded reg. gasoline at $3.73 a gallon. That's below where it stood week ago, month ago and yr ago.
Show this Thursday at the grape room in manayunk.
If there's anyone who can score a run this inning, its Plush
I hope if they Lakers lose bandwagoners will learn their lesson.
Interesting to note, #douglasbruce attorney David Lane represented #Ward Churchill.
Moogy's is fine. Check their Facebook page. The fire is across the street.
RT : Makes great copy! We've been told ours is only photo collection of US artists of Latino African Asian & Native Am. heritage
Yay, getting my phone taken away. Just lovely
Cant see flash on my iphone for your portfolio right now but you are beautiful! I love that you were a Snuggie girl!
Passion should not be used to throw equipment. Have minimal standards, please.
If in living room, it won't be a shared space. Would rather have it in guest room, but only if it was the only thing in there.
my damn ipod is broken and doesnt charge anymore time go to the apple store
Super Bowl Sunday, who you got?
drunken moment lets
yeah cause I have no pool to go to :(
Walk off wild pitch win. I'd take it.
May have gone too hard with #OccupyTequila last night...if that's possible...
I hear the new Time Magazine is the new swimsuit edition for sports illustrated
Lucky are the ones who are followed by =(
Wear loose, dark clothing when you visit us for a tan - you’ll reduce the risk of any color transfer onto your fave white tee! ;)
Heck yea! RT : pause for the cause! it's time for Pilates !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Whoa indeed.
Thanks so much!
You can leave a message! We'll send you an emergency phone number to your email address, just in case.
A Fly Just Landed On My Tv.
thanks for following and for the listing!
Headed out & about in Chicago tonight!
I'm gonna make my own kites one day that advertise my kite company that will never truly exist merely so I can deny people nonexistent kites
I kinda wanna dress up today.?
About to go lima heights on this
I can't wait till MY BIRTHDAY (JUNE 6) Still don't know what to do. Any idea's?
Well, then I'll just suggest you stop by the Music Library and pick up some CDs for the ride. Have a good trip!
Now following>>>
Heard Barnicle comment on our 'HistoryTeaching', well how do I teach my Blck History in this country with pride 2 my children?
If I had a nickel for everytime I heard "why is dwade taking that last shot?! Where is Lebron?!" I'd be rich sports are too stressful for me
Super jealous of runners. My knees just won't let me do it! #Brooklyn1/2Marathon
is nerding around Ann Arbor
May we all be more generous with our loving-kindness today. Happy Love and Compassion day to you and your loved ones.
Hope there will b a chance i will meet them ,
Music makes the world go 'round. Girl, I know you walk faster on the treadmill with surround sound! Keep walking! Faster.
Superintendent McCarthy on protests in Chicago today: "....relatively busy but uneventful day." He reports ZERO arrests today.
Never hurt the one you love, because you also end up hurting yourself in the long run!.....
I hope you can tell I'm joking :)
You'll just have to come visit next time you're in town!
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved. ~ Wizard of Oz
President Obama speaking about Osama Bin Lauden's death. Hurray!!
#S/O to a #NF she seem real cool
Hope and are down for suggins for dinner
trying to remember why I thought it was a good idea to come here
Realizing Dakota Laden is only a sophomore >
Spent a wonderful night at AMC's Highland Center: nestled in the White Mountains...great for families, hikers, skiers & outdoor fans.
the lonely end of the rink. Good song any other good hockey songs I need to be aware of?
we so live
Everyone please wish a very Happy Birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Hard drive crashed last week, hopefully it can be saved as well as the photos from the shoots! such a pain in the ass!
**flips calendar over** "Oh, look, midterms." **sighs**
Had fun at a former player's home. He's heading into the Navy Monday. His family and friends are so hospitable, great people!
This song is a little softer. A bit more classic.
Reading/listening doesn't equal training. If I read 1000 books about flying an airplane, would you fly with me to Hawaii?
Ha! Reverbnation is shaky on the best of days. Working on a website so hopefully that will make it easier in the future :)
hahaha! that's great :)
#youlookgoodbut looks fade
Am #grateful for all of you who've crossed my path in one way or another. Have a great #Thanksgiving, everybody!
you can contact and ask them to add WTTW Prime to their line up or use an OTA Antenna.
Having to much pride can be a terrible thing. Been there done that.
i really will tweet u
thank u Jason. They did a great job with that film. Very proud of our work for it! Thanks and all the best!
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 9
Clinic Picnics > Outdoor Picnics
: games are fun, but do they really need to have a Jack's glass commercial for every foul ball?/Jack's is awesome
What am I doing out of da house so early???? Oh that's right, its wednesday!!! Kickin it in class, till noon.
Thanks for the follow. Please check out our web site and see how we can work together to help families detect drug use in the home
: hey dude, can u block someone?
lay off of H.G. got tired of having his privacy invaded and decided to fight back. Totally understandable.
Another productive day at the offices. Getting closer to beta testing phase. Who's ready to start #Spooning?
THREE new libraries, FORTY-SEVEN new tunes, and you even get the added bonus of the sweet dulcet tones of our VOICES on a few cuts!!
new orleans, i'll see you soon. can't wait...
yes it could go either way; just hope Jones wins.
Now that i know my algebra teacher looks at my tweets, im gonna have step my curse game up a notch...Fuck Bill O'Reilly
I say yee haw! RT i may or may not have bought 3 pairs of shoes today.
I considered doing the same. RT Turned the Brewer game off, they can't lose if no one watches right?
Our design partner takes on the government! Metropolis Magazine: bit.ly/kKJk21 via
I bet you the White House reached out to Daily Show or Colbert writers for that speech. It was great.
U can make more frnds in 2 mos by being interested in others than you can in two yrs by trying 2 make others interested in you-Dale Carnegie
sucks to be a star LOL
Well lucky for you, you're other good taste in music saved you. You're still my friend ;)
Nope nothing new always falling asleep on me n then waking ME UP early the next day!! ": Haha great! And that's not new “
Breakfast Check! Hit like if yo made time for a healthy breakfast.
Jersey shore at nine yayyyy boy
nigga okay i got something for your ass lol
Gettin hyped for tonight!!!!!!!
lol. Nope. We only have 2 more spaces left & one is the kitchen, that'll be in 2 years. The other is a closet next year!
Hey ! Thanks for the warm welcome.
bah! im gonna have to use iMovie one last time for this video, but the next one will be on Adobe Premiere Pro CS5 with TRUE 720p! :D
Please do! Safe travels, where are you off to?
wheres all my wisconsin people???
craving an apple slushy from the orchard.. m.
>Quote: All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward. Ellen Glasgow
Dear Dad- Do suicide bombers leave notes?
We would love to see your pick for Best New Exhibitor and Best Booth Design! Hope to see you in Atlantic City!
Making it rain!
lol “: girls with good pussy are very spoiled individuals”
Only thing that calms me is shopping.
#NP The symphonic version Michael Jackson's Smooth Criminal at the coffee shop. Kinda dig it.
When I die, put 2 Pennies in my eyes, cuz it aint free to ride when you see the other side, Lately I' been feelin like a:
Can anyone help Matt? // RT : Have any #greekchat put together LO's 4 their Greek community? I'm talking specific, measurable ones
Bull Pin watxhing that maniac DROK go in on the 1's and 2's!!!
Just got a bottle of Mountain Dew made with real sugar. Because it's important to me that nasty poison is made without corn syrup.
congrats kasper! Miss you guys
Can there be ONE peaceful/nice day in this fucking house?! I just got home, come on now....
No Fab Melo!!!! Syracuse is in trouble!!! cross them out on your bracket!!!
How r u not gonna at least wait for a dead ball. She was spotted up for a wing 3.
#Imagine if called you beautiful and said he loves you<33 I would be the happiest girl alive(:
great job tonight!
Maku, Trina and Barbara are our best massage therapists and could help your back with a massage anytime Call 301.585.0888
What has the AP ever gotten right, I ask you?
Girls who wear heels to school #YouAin'tCute
google the band godPawn, they are blowin up for real... I love it! Industrial Activist Rap!
is snoozing lol!!
bringing it back with some
4 weeks till go back home
The heat is back on in my house. That is not a subtle Valentine's Day message. The boiler was out.
What's that a reference to? lol
did i ever tell you your my favorite Ian !!!
thank you! i hope to see you and carlos soon :)
were experiencing some email issues - if they bounce back please sit tight - waiting on some DNS servers to update… thx!
Making Earl Grey. You may not know this, but the secret to a good tea is the pre-ritual dance before the kettle boils.
Thanks for the mention!
I wish its goin on my ep RT : Me too u need to leak dat asap
Off to the parades for Mardi Gras!
What do a deviled egg, Puff the Magic Dragon and a giant penguin all have in common?
So my ex girlfriend got me addicted to website. Now I've gotten my current gf addicted. Let's go see Rusko!
He wants to be the man you fall for, when everybody else is falling for you.
Who you callin lazy ass, hm?
My bf is out tonight and suddenly it seems quite dandy to eat Vons brand mac n cheese from the pot for a 4pm dinner.
Where are all the Mac developers? If you are one and want something interesting to do, contact me.
It's time to step up, Joe.
Have you seen my stapler?
I hear you &completely agree! But talk of "helping" often leads to unfortunate community outreach. Mutual respect is key.
I'm not a Christian you simple bastard. I'm just tired of you cry-baby Atheist pissing and moaning about their sad lot in life.
oopsie moment in keynote: Hilton talks about Nines, uses screen shot from Alison Booth's Women's Bios project.
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11!!!!! $5ADMISSION
We will liberate you!
call me
Thanks to everyone that helped us pack peabodys over capacity!!! Your all amazing!
RT : The ballots are here, the ballots are here! Check your mailbox and vote for today!...
Great day in Hermosa during the Hennessey's World SUP & Paddleboard Championships! Congrats to all the paddleoboarders who participated!
Thank you, Phillip.
The B3Brewery will be shooting the first episode of "On Tap" on March 13th. This webisode will illustrate how to make a "Fat Tire" beer.
Thank you and great report!
I've been thinking about setting my house on fire.. <3
This girl is crazy. <3
RT : Spring #GalleryNight is a week away, and Judith Ann has some suggestions for your evening of art viewing....
well thank you friend! .. have a great monday !
I didnt kno it was dis much.. We only got 5 rooms done & working on 1 now & 3 more 2 go.
Mavssss! Now that's what I'm talking about... That was a totally different team than the one I saw opening day
Classes for 2011 forming now @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
#BERKLEE: on WED May 9, peeps with items out or >$20 in fines will get a #LibraryBlock (unable to check-in, get grades, graduate) Pls RT!
's birthday is tomorrow! I wish i can get an invitation!!!
Funny, I have your story open right now, though you weren't the trigger for that comment.
There is a place in Madison that fixes them for about 100$. I will look for the website.
Rose played 6 games since March 12, Shumpert was 101 in NBA in minutes per game. Pure coincidence both went down on Saturday.
Is it just me or has anyone else heard a noise ar night and walk around your house scared as hell saying "hello? Anyone there!"
how did you get the good rate at the hotel??? what is your magical secret?
ITS RAINING && I JUST TOOK A HOT SHOWER!!! FINNA CUDDLE
deficits tripled under Reagan, doubled under Baby Bush
Just an FYI that I'm a trumpet player, is the DJ.
Life works in mysterious ways
Follow us? Were the only Carrie & Lauren twitter.
RT : Support small businesses.
I need like 5,000 more followers this year. By December I need to be at 7k
Well no work for me today. Gotta be super dad to my sickie. TRRUUU *2Chainz voice*
#thanx God - :-) sike but u gotta feel me
The F3 highlight roll off is really bad, if Canon nailed that, then I'd put it over sony.
Things are so much better now! I have my best friend back and I am more happy now then I have been in a long time :)
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity
Tyme to lay the mind to rest!
If I didn't have fond memories of the show, I'd prob think the movie was a hoot. Maybe it will be as good as "Ed Wood"
ah yes, Special Collections. we also just did an inventory in one of our RB libs. not me luckily. they used *printouts* :(
snapbacks and tattoos.
BAA students gearing up for next week shows: The Wedding Band and Twelfth Night ! Tickets email:
but I don't neeedd them there fantasys I want tthe real thingg :(:( I wanna cry
": happy birthday boo boo" thank you sexy ;) wish I was ta school woulda made a scene smh ahah ily
acid rock, country rock & hard rock were all geological terms before they were music genres
lol ! hey so bingo players is a GO :)!
#FF back at ya and thank you.
Mine just started did u go anywhere for spring break? :)
Joakim Noah's jumper is as ugly as he is
Those holidays get you every time!
Weird how Bruno Mara speaks my life in his songs
Anytime Bro!
#schoolmemories, This Whole Week :) .
The Night School band blog has been updated with info about a special performance. Go to www.nightschooled.blogspot.com to check it out.
where are you?
#truth RT : What is it about photoshoots that make me want to eat cupcakes??
Good job!
T.Swift won 2 Grammys :D but Adele totally stole the show
My 15 month old daughter just put my socks down the toilet. This is too funny! Love it!
I'm starting his classes really soon .
how's it going
I need a new laptop messenger bag suitable for travel and daily use. A clean and cool look is a must, and I like lots of pockets.
Thank you for the RT!
I know Shelfari links to your Amazon purchases. Since I have a Nook, is there any comparable service that links to your B&N account?
Hey! I need to follow some new people!!! #suggestions!!!
We weren't going to make Johnny sit at home and do nothing after we had already planned to take him somewhere.
hey sexi. The defense caasted too much doubt. The state had a burden without a cause of death in a murder trial.
i love you guys
You got a friend in me!! RT : well surprising still alive however could use some more human friends!
Sarah Palin to do a tribute to Nate Dogg and Warren G, "De-Regulate".
I don't remember Kansas's non conference schedule in '07, but your argument was about this year's 'Cuse team, not the 85 Bears.
Just heard the first two tracks on Organ Fantasies. In the words of Christopher Walken, "Wow! Wowie wow wow wow!"
shot his hand off MF ing gangsta
It'd violate contract with Hillyer Art Space to set up a Slip N' Slide on 5/5. Per se. But it'll be...comparable.
Neither do I, but I was watching the game on #CBC. Gotta love living in the great white north LOL
I was pretending to sleep cause you do the creepy popcorn trick to me at the movies...
Honored to be nominated a 3rd time by readers as "#Buffalo's Best Comic." Im saddened that was snubbed again though
"The Hunger Games? Are they hungry in that?"
Just overheard fans talking, here's the question that was asked. "What's that slide for." Speechless.
The US dollar has rebounded, and stock markets have gained in Asia after US President Barack Obama said Osama Bin Laden was dead.
wouldn't be good advice unless I corrected you... 501c(3)'s
''If you're walking down the street with a boyfriend, don't put your arms around him. Something terrible will happen!'' -my grandma
we have a lot of education to go!
Do you usually use Apple?
well i guess that we are gonna all load up in a couple vehicles and then toss all the groceries in the back of my truck
lol i thought maybe u were havin g a morning quickie or something lol crash boom bang it couldbve been lol
Hey its BK, Would you give up steak for more "happy"? New research shows that vegetarians are happier than meat eaters.BTW pass the brisket.
Great to meet Min Song of journal JAAS at
Yes, I think that would do nicely. Where are those directions again? ;-)
spaghetti-o's for lunch!
Will I ever be enough?
Is anyone using the Wisdom app for #facebook? What do you think of it?
damn rite dats my team too
It is one thing to win, and yet another to make proper use of your victory.
Was down to one chip now i have a whole stack! How did that happen?
HHJ Cooke rules in Warwick v. TTEE in BR of Yarwood case involving an alleged disposition made before BR petition: [2010] EWHC 2272 (Ch).
and I don't get to watch his videos anymore :( all I do all day is hw
“: People will treat you the way you let them. #standup #respect”// nice!!!
I had to buy it because somehow I had no GBV in my library at all… and I haven't found my cd albums to unpack and load it.
#NP Mac Miller lucky ass bitch
I notice that more people eat with their mouths open that those that do with their mouths closed.
Lol so this lady took like 15 minutes putting gas, and then she gets in her car, and gets back out to smoke a cig. Lmao people these days!
you guys are mean to me. :(
Aw baby ;D
I wish that I could go the F*** to sleep right now but alas, there are pages to be written and no naps on my schedule. :-(
RT : Knicks also getting Corey Brewer from Minnesota in the three- team trade. Curry and Randolph go to Minny
I am so inspired! Thank you You, my friends, kick ass
Can anyone recommend someone who installs pre-existing Wordpress themes at a reasonable price?
any updates on the Cedar Park project?
Client's flight cancelled, so we are going to work on his song via Web Cam today.
why weren't you at school today, missy?
Thank you :)
Man U fans getting butt hurt because of Tevez, "disgusting" and "sick" HE DOESN'T ACTUALLY WANT THE GUY TO DIE NUMB NUTS, it's symbolic...
True statement. Messi & Beckham are likely on a strict no-chicken-taco diet. #SportsGeniusMikeFacts ;-)
dude in south Florida (fort myers)........
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Reformatting 10 Year Old NCR Desktop from Windows 2000 to Windows XP For a Child to play games...
#Grimaldis is next - I'll lobby to make a final stop at Best. I have eaten 7 slices already, though...3 were Sicilian...
One extends one's limits only by exceeding them. ~M. Scott Peck
Why do teachers use a bamboo cane?Because when the cane goes 'bam' the child goes boo!
tiempo con mi mommy!! :)
We're excited to celebrate the release of our Spring Interiors issue this Thursday at Hold It Home!
For all my fellow Raven fans make sure you follow if you need help catching the Purple Playoff Passion look no further!
are you guys going camping?
Your beachwear says it all, girlfriend. Literally have never been so happy to say TGIF in my life!
I'm at the City Championship track meet with Lexi!! I'm so excited & nervous!!
Someone wake me up at 9am. Please!!!!!! I'll greatly appreciate it!!!!
I heard William is a Prince For cocktails hang w/ Wiliam the bartender at
I wonder if you think of me or if you do at all.
Going to the Graphics of Americas show next week in Orlando. Will be nice to get some sun!
Thank you so much and !! Best fans in the world are #Dodgers fans!!!!
you're cute and i love you so much
Why is it that every time i see Al Franken I automatically think...I'm good enough, I'm smart enough and dog gone it, people like me!
I am @ Tacoma General Dying an these idiots want billing and insurance info!!!!! WTF!!!
So glad he really knows me, he hears me & is concerned about me!
Your welcome, all the best!
I agree.
What do you think are the biggest downsides/obstacles to the new layout?
The others said "I wouldn't be caught dead there"? RT : "Invited back every living ex-player.." why just the living ones
Haha ;-) Why arent you at the Lucia libre show at the dome??
So happy to see this coming to town. A great addition to the Atlanta DAM community!
You Won Monday's Bobcat Contest! Follow us and then direct message us your address on Twitter.
Who should be held responsible for your failures?
Hey Larry! KTP invited me to come see you perform on Saturday. What venue are you playing at? Is the crew going too?
Thank you!! :) new music on the way soon! Hope your day was awesome!!!!!
*click click click click click*
Do you think a mock EOC test has to exactly mirror the real EOC test? I'd love to add short answer responses to my mock tests.
Best NBA playoffs I can remember in 15 - 20 years
Waterproof boots for the slush!
The EPIC battle for last place!
what do you have going on tomorrow night?
#TheHours really cleared a few things up in my head.
Happy birthday from us as well
My face hurts from smiling all day. But it comes natural although you had something to do with that
Okay, that's more like it. Hot dog seemed too extreme.
I wish I was in the windy city, it sounda baller!
YW. Thank u for all you give to BBN.
#YouKnowYoureAnOldMahomie if you remember when Austin answered all of his DMs and tweets from us
Yeah, it's all abt u. Let's exonerate u first, justice for the victim can wait.
hahahaha thanks, needed that laugh!
Dressed like its 80 degrees out. Let's do this thang.
What are two of the best places (accommodation or location) you’ve ever stayed?
Respect to #japan for hangin in there! Let's go
thats co (: thats my cousin name .
ooh yeaa .. whats that website you told me of your followers to see whos followin?
Welcome to the team Nick Meyer and Colt Cubillos!!!
the one with financial aide?
of course you are hip, Martha. I will go fisticuffs with anyone who says different.
#OnThisDay in 1988, #Prince released LOVESEXY. Some stores refused to sell it due to the nude cover. Any Prince fans out there?
Told ya
ESPN Insider Package Launch Date is set for Aug. 6. Will include ESPN projected stats, news, notes
So Whitney died because of drowning
DM ME THAT JOINT AGAIN SO I'LL MAKE SURE I GOT IT
Join this Friday for the first #cleveland #CriticalMass of 2011! Join the group at Hoopples at 7:30 if you can't ride!
Hawaiian rules says: "Age is relative - when you're over the hill you pick up speed."
It only makes the reader aware ur actually human. And no1 has a perfect life
So happy you are here Jovial! xoxo
NEWS - 9/11: Where Were You? The September 11th attacks may have been a decade ago, but our memories of them are still fresh. We want to he
Lets Do! RT : Me too.RT : I want to meet the crew Guaranteed drinks & laughs will flow!
Kenny needs a body guard for himself because Beliebers fangirl over him like we do Justin. We even tried to rip his shirt off once, lmao.
I have a question do you any affordable and good script doctor? I just posted that question on #scriptchat ...
or Scott Suggs
So my bestfriends mad at me..... Yay
Trying to decide if this is something TOO frivolous or if it's something I'll get the money's worth from, you know? :P
": Girls are heartless." Not all of them.
Heading to the orthopedic. Lets see how that goes.
Correction: I meant I don't want singers to flip R's when singing in English.
Just about to eat the best sushi with the best wife in the whole wide world
Well iGuess Callin is Out The Question .
I'm in my otha car bout to buy my otha car
I've only read the first two, but I'm hooked. Jack Bauer is getting the credit Mitch Rapp deserves.
Just got about 9 "thuh uh uh uh uh uh " #Yankees win by #JohnSterling thats when you know it was a good game.
HELLO!! Shout outs to everyone for helping promoting my music! :)
On the threshold waiting for final clearance. Waiting on an incoming flight.
Blondes have more fun!
Is there any way you could lend me some money, maybe 20 million dollars?
Officially know the whole president's song, I'm ready for you APUSH exam!
Alright, you got me. I started singing it in my head during church.
lol!! I meant holy trinity but thhanks bff for your approval lol!
you are so angry, your wife must be an angel!
knows the words to ALL the songs on Cinderella (the one that Brandy is in).
I know a lot of bitchass dudes. Get. it the. Fk. Together.
#WorldSeries starts today! Get out to your nearest #Bartab venue & grab a $1 drink while you catch the action! Who are you guys for?
I LIKE THAT. YOU SPEAK NOTHING BUT THE REAL AND YOU MOTIVATE A LOT OF US TO STRIVE FOR THE BEST IN LIFE. THANK YOU BIG BRO.
thanks so much for the work you do!
dude you should follow me, i made me keek back in december to follow you(:
going to the doctor
of course!
Hollywood's love affair grows w/Portland.Producer learns David E.Kelley's med.drama "Monday Mornings" will be set here.
Buffalo chicken dip and 90 Minute
We've recently had a ton of sales traffic - writing 3 offers in the past 2 weeks! We think the Milwaukee real estate market is coming back.
next saturday boy
guys we cant do anything about it. he's 16, okay? chill. he's gonna do what all other 16 year olds will do. he's just a kid. screw TMZ
When you need your friends the most but they are never their for you.
Congrats on becoming a big sister! That's really exciting!
A much needed trip to ALABAMA,,,, TEAM JESUS
My coworkers are making fun of me.....:(
“: kitchens that don't update their orders concerning Jacket sizes. #wearingXXLwhenI'maSmall #kitchenpetpeeves”oops
DOUG! how are things long time not talk?!?!
thank you potna
No matter how many times you hurt me I cant get over you No matter how many times you treat like dirt like nothing I can't stop loving you <U+2665>
is National open yet? Get a coney dog!!
Great burger from Kopp's Frozen Custard in Brookfield, WI! Now THAT is a burger!
i just wanna be a backup dancer on a Beyonce tour ONE time...lol i swear them girls dance their asses off!!!
im coming home today!!!
Honestly, you are dumb.
SPRING QUESTION: Who has decided to clean with all-natural ingredients, eco-friendly products from now on?
yeah love you to. Lol
If the grizz win this game they better Win the entire series
Drew still hasnt quite figured out the wheel. Bob used to know right where it would land.
Tough loss, but hey do we hang up SEC Championship banners or Nat'l Championship banners? LET'S GO!
email to talk.
Really done with the continuous heavy machinery noise outside my office.
doing a lot of things.. full agenda :S
Lopez: Was in so much pain herself, afraid she might pass out. Resisted. "I just kept thinking this could be the last time I get to see her"
you got the rally cap on?
In grace something is transcended, once and for all overcome
The Faulkner stuff alone is amazing; I remember getting to see a ton of it as part of a Faulkner/Hawthorne class.
Another sign your cell carrier is to big. Being told you have to wait 30 minutes to talk to a TECH regarding purchase of a new case!
Lebron says he is a Yankees fan,i highly doubt it,he plays more like a Mets fan in the clutch lol
Rainy day so that means inside exercise & light fish dinner #success one day at a time
Inelegant people have higher salaries=the money you want. It takes more than an episode to hook us. Give complex shows a chance.
I hope the dolphins atleast trade down a couple spots if they get tannehill
Juggling soap in prison because you're a fearless bastard.
Oh nonsense , you're in denial. You know I love you most. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I love deathnote!!!
yes ma'am! Around e-town.
i used to like you. now you like me. love is playing on us.
Of course you do, and no one can stop you. But there's an artistry to using social media. You don't have to care.
Please, please promise me that you will make the new American Fact Finder better before you switch from the old? It is awful
I'll be at today. Come and say hi!
not a problem with them! Thats just the most my phone has gone off in a while. I thought I was popular for a moment
Pete Batty's Geo Rant on Ordnance Survey in Stratford was hilarious yet brilliant!!! LOVED!
when a girl brings her boyfriend for a girls night out <
I got 4000 followers guys:)
The day you don't clean your room your mom goes in your room and the days your room is clean your mom never goes in there.
just beautiful this pic right here!!!!!
Jenny Holzer appreciates a good bit of scandal on a friday afternoon. #konygate RT HUMOR IS A RELEASE
Report Says Android Market Is Number One Source of Mobile Malware
Can't decide if I'm gonna study for this final tomorrow; I should at least look at the study guide. Colossians 3:22-24. Guess I'm studying
Are you going the Five Boro Bike Tour this Saturday? Yes!
We are either the sum total of our failures or our successes...or a blended mess!
..do you believe that the person who does "whatever" suffers no consequence With God? As oppose to the one who does there best?
Broken heart.
Hahaha, sweet! Thanks for the shout out!
Hope you get to feeling better<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
A man without a generation RT : Or maybe I'm just befuddled because I was born in 1979 and can't decide whether I'm Gen X or Y. :)
Looking forward to hearing Evgeny Kissin for the first time tomorrow night at Carnegie hall.
Robot Plays Angry Birds [VIDEO]
The common wealth of VA
I play with"real" live(musicians) bands,not loops or sequencers or tracks,thats how I"roll"....OK?
that's my Sunday's for ya, miss you
You too! Checking y'all off my #aam2012 bucket list!
If the Browns can actually pull off a trade for Ben Tate, we instantly upgrade the run game. That's 2 positions we would be better at so far
Love THIS SHOW IS AMAZING!!!! And they just announced Season 2!!!! I'm 100% in
Lol! Still finding my way up, my friend! RT all you have to do is put in your tweets you'll rocket to the top!
I ate captain crunch and felt like a Canadian.
Balls to the walls. We're playing our album release show tonight at double door in Chicago! Come on out!
SUSHI CULTURE Sonoda's Sushi LODO 1620 Market Street M-Thurs Lunch Hours 11am-2:30pm Free Delivery Available. SUSHI CULTURE
Isn't that, like, $3500? I still think you come up short.
Hey - we have our first live art/theater show happening December 16th. The beginning of a lot more to come!
if we didnt want him to come here, we wouldnt have tuned in to see where he was going, lets not be hypocrits
So excited to be part of 's #ROWE celebration tomorrow morning. Results-focused education is where it's at!
Hopefully February will provide more free time than January has
omg he is amazing
Can I get REFILL....I LOVE THAT SONG
You only get one chance to make it the best, and be happy that you're living life in peace
Taco Tuesday! Have you tried our Mahi Fish Tacos? It is definitely a fan favorite!
For a brief period time last night, the UN was highly productive.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.19
#NowPlaying J cole Dollar and a Dream
Limbaugh charges Obama has declared war on marriage. Limbaugh's 1st, 2nd, and 3rd wives could not be reached for comment.
Doing homework, and killing pouty bitches in my mind.
Sem G: Wisser: "hierarchy of surrogacy" - collection, EAD, MARC
Wish I lived in England. Gotta say besides the Checker and Black Cab you look like a fun way to get across town.
Run off the road by an angry mailman from Plymouth, Mass
Dieting on-the-go? Try a Cup of White Chicken Chili for just 139 calories.
My Quote of the Day - "Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.", Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
and spit in his tea(:
Listening to Kem "If It's Love"....thinking about a very beautiful woman.
Looking for film or multimedia projects needing composers.
can't wait to rock my sweet Buckeyes gear from this weekend at the #OSU v #UM game
nah you told Kierra
I knew it.
“: Walker Raises and Spends More Money than Any Candidate in Wisconsin History, most from outside Wisconsin
Councilmember Gadman was supported by firefighters this last election cycle yet he remains publically silent on the closing of. Station 35
I have a better idea for you guys...
ok, not sure where my phone is. :)
Thanks for the mention in Smart Marketers Daily ! ...sry 4 the late response (on vaca & disconnected) looking fwd 2 your insights
Sounds like is already cleaning up at the #HHAwards tonight. So happy for them!! Fingers crossed for
Aw, Colin and Meryl <3
I don't think Walker has specficially said where the defense funds come from. (1 of 2)
“We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.” - Ronald Reagan
Happy Holidays 2u & ur family! All the best!!
During a probable cause hearing is it required to have a defendant be present?
#RIPshanedawson WHAT? NO!
: "Thirty minutes until the next train." You're a joke! Get with the program. My goodness!
« You have given me some ideas and made me aware of enchanting and potions. I'm new to #Minecraft. Thank you!» Yes! This is great! :)
“: Watching this documentary on Vince Lombardi. Changing my mind set right now. Getting excited right now” love this
Head, spinning. Decisions, terrifying.
Thank you for following back! :)
Did you know? It was Julia "Pansy" Rule who was the first woman to have driven "The golden spike."
#hbrchat - People need to be "socially responsible." Businesses are not people.
Tweet this! Mothereffer!
agreed, if my dick is getting sunburned it's because I'm out bein nekkid in nature, not from a claustrophobic bluelit coffin
Dont care what i look like anymore..just ready for school to be over
glad he's not scared to ride it anymore! Ziah may try and race him in her Camero
idk I'm getting them too
what ever you're filled with must come out...so I encourage you be filled with the word. And your bible jokes we be righteous and funny.
Sabre spotted at hollywood party.. Buzz lightyear, the joker & ke$ha sporting the nevermind ltds.
gonna go get tatted soon
hahaha I am very sorry. Maybe I make it up to you
Hundreds of people are watching Whitney's service LIVE on ZenLive.tv right now - come watch and chat. RT
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
A new contract signed this morning with a Fortune 500 firm is a great way to begin 2012! Go Team Fresh!!
#ff shout out to everybody <3
I need more friend n followers ...... I need 20followers
Thanks for coming to EVV! You rock!
That's an interesting theory I hadn't considered. Might have to ponder that adjustment.
what happened?
#Cincinnati bound in a ½ hour. I hope! Can't wait to see the #Reds!
So this guy officially has a girlfriend :o)
To much rain for how I'm feelin..
standing on the verge of gettin' it on
More cutaway ideas. Peter having kidney stones. Lois going through menopause. The family going on vacation to iraq.
As well as the soft r&b rappers u need the gangsta rap shit in ya sytem too....you gotta have both,, hip hop cant be one sided
Sort of Popular
Sushi on the Rock + Mother's Day =
Saw on SB Nation's mock #NFL draft that they have the #Steelers taking Alabam LB Dont'a Hightower. There's another Pro Bowler.
“: Throwing my Iittle cousin into a shark tank.. #YOLO” that's just messed up...lol
just gotta know if you wanna do tackle or touch
RT : Just finished setting up a couple of College Football fantasy/pick leagues and now watching I have a problem.
Listen to quadjacks.com now.
I AM CRYING RIGHT NOW. HE LOOKS SPNDIFFERNT PF AGFJNEIRHDENDJJ
he's already going to sleep. uuuggghhh.
Today Gaza fired an anti-tank weapon at clearly marked Israeli school bus. By chance, most students had disembarked minutes before.
Watching Young Adult; surprised to see that Charlize Theron lives in a building where I used to go to parties.
kind of. I'm glad to get out of school, but I don't know about after :/
Husky Summary; Rain and Pain
hi dolls, is melena i'm here to say hi.
Ah my day was perfect watched one of my favorite movies Stand by Me, the did a little front porch sitting and a little fishing !
no she most certainly didn't
She must be talking about her followers and her fellow cons/baggers then...
Welcome, my friend.
Is the interview over? -_-
I think I will email saadiq to see if he is willing to chat about the founding process and share some ideas...
Alright, I just ate a spicy pickle...I feel fat now! Lol
I didn't realize they protest Jews as well... Apparently gay-bashing is no longer sufficiently outre?
Time for the weekend! See you at Piloxing class Saturday at 8 am at ! Stop by and try it! $8 for members, $10 for nonmembers
Wow! must be smiling right now.
Yes. Very right.
I've made it this far on my own.
Butter. 2 Fried Eggs. Two Sliced Brats. 5 Pieces Bacon. Two pieces of toast. When my metabolism goes, I'm just going to kill myself.
Thank you! We are also open on other days ending in 'Y" RT drinking a Jack & diet My favorite Monday establishment.
"Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform."
liam said "vacation" instead of "holiday" ~american influence~
If eyes are windows to the soul...Are nipples the doorway to the hole. #thoughts?
Nails done, hair done...
I'm kind of in love with the weather.
love ya guys to! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
are you on stage?
Hey everybody follow she follows back #followback !
I do it all the time now. Actually prefer it to handset, since I'm on my laptop with headphones all the time anyway.
Why isn't Coach Ty Corbin getting any COY buzz? I don't see how benching three HOFers is more impressive than what he did?
Off work early
Aargh!! Why don't my children answer my texts??
Music from the Beastie Boys every hour this weekend as we remember Adam "MCA" Yauch.
#photoshooting on the bar
“Life doesn’t happen to us; life works WITH us when we learn how to WORK it.”<U+2015>Amber Rae
Who else has toured the MN Moorhead students today? I just remembered they were coming. And they are here.
Looking toward to fixing the yard in February with my boyfriend
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Monday, April 16, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Tough job. I don't have to deal with the public any more & that's the way I like it!
Hey Vlade, :) Hope you're enjoying you're weekend :)
you didn't tell her that?
you know these two were running from sheriffs deputies. Crash was pretty crazy to see.
RT "It's holding me up! It's holding me up!" #andyfox standing at 45-degree angle during #irene.. doofus.
And the mute button makes an appearance again....
FREE ONLINE PART TIME JOBS (chennai): No invertment, No Hardwork & No target, unlimited work
Lebron is beast .
You know that #ipad has changed your behavior when you switch back to your laptop and keep trying to hit the screen with your fingers
Anyone in San Jose already?
thanks Art!
#Oprah won the #Oscars' Humanitarian Award?! That party looked way better (& real-er) than this hooey show.
Fred Couples & Davis Love l won this 4 times in a row as teamates
But I guess I was stupid to ever think a guy as great as you would like a girl as boring and plain as me.
IT will be SO much easier once enterprises become cloud friendly RT NYTimes: Google’s Chrome Laptops on Sale nyti.ms/mbJOnz
All glory comes from daring 2 begin ~ Eugene F Ware
could he lift that bat !
congrats! You are our four square winner! Stop by the Cyclones booth behind section 137 for your bobblehead!
dark shadows with Johnny Depp!
I just don't know. Its like I'll never learn.
thats moment wen u get to tha bathroom and aint no toilet paper
If Ur round DC 2nite, ck European Jazz Motion @ Twins. They have a fresh sound that's been well received in NYC @ PA. 2 shows: 8 & 10pm. Yea
Dr. Diez-Roux talks about systems approach involving dynamic concept.models and multilevel analysis in health disparities research
Follow your instincts! - Robert DeNiro
Friday the 13th? Who cares, it'll be 's birthday eve!
4000th tweet goes out to my beautiful lady <U+E32A><U+E32A>
Any recommendations for newer Linux distros to muck around with?
Both of us, I guess...? Luckily for us, it's what's on the outside that really matters.
Oh and i'll be cheering for you too, dont cha worry
Thanks for the ACH-related congrats, folks! Looking forward to diving in.
When you stop, I begin.
Happy Birthday!!
Best live vocal performance on City of Ruin. Bruce sings it like Frank n Otis.
its about being played like an idiot that gets me. Like I don't know the truth, when its so obvious. So lame. People. Smh...
Hillary will serve as Second of State again....she'll step down before the end of his 2nd term...chill out and write a book.
#TED is coming to #Harlem How did I not know this! I am so excited! Are you going?
miss you to muñeca;)
": #IseenADudeTweet I seen a dude retweet somebody talking bout women and put "ALL OF THIS"" (Ha super flamin for that!)
will be performing in NYC Wednesday, July 8th! Stay tuned for more details :)
me & you is #tweefin !
Odd one--just named 1 of 4 national Apple League recipients.
I should be cleaning but instead I'm on Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter!
#WhenAustin makes those little videos just to say thank you, because he loves to show his fans how thankful he is for them. <3
- hi Sue, thanks for the follow. Be well. Marc
AWESOME. :) This game is super interesting!
Really excited to get to the World Arena tonight. More to come...
thank you for this awesome review! And really thank you for acknowledging my message.
i hate to have to raise my prices but the cost of local ingredients is skyrocketing on me, lately....2.50 for 8 collard leaves?!?!
hi I love you bye
The Food Which Tricks Your Body into Stacking on Pounds - Fast...
Tallying it up...
Which is just a veiled racism hypothesis. Incapable of grasping that anyone can disagree without hating.
OMG I know! lol I'm doing wonderful & you?! :)
Cooper is amazing! We are adjusting to being new parents,Reaffirms that we're not ready for the real thing! :)
So excited for the growth of #SocEnt ! Let us know how we can help!
Bruce Springsteen "the rising" has been on in three different stores I've been in this weekend.
I think Jack is the more pleasant experience because even if you end up in the wrong place you're lucky you got there! :0)
Dumb ass car almost hit me. BITCH.
Narrowed by custom
Shoutout to my bro go download my nigga mixtape ASAP.
researching #social at #events for cool ideas. What'd you guys do at #RSA ? Links? DM or EM ^ME Anyone else?
Ehh got gymnastics on my "free" day ha, So not feeling it. HMU :/
For me the teacher than made a difference was my Freshman & Senior year English teacher Mrs. Haakonsen. She believed in me.
is here at the #Trayvon Martin rally in Columbia Heights.
Facebook, I hate you. I found out about this thing called Tumblr and twitter. So bye (:
#NAEH12 Paul Toro- important data report 'Blueprint for Ending YH'
My goal is to help people love their gardens as much as they love their sofas!
can never doubt how i feel about you if i'm showing it.........saying it just isn't enough to me
tryna put in the trash can today was a fail ahah :b
put a hundred down on the lakers at +3.5
Omgosh me & my sis were at the drive-thru at mcds & I told her 2 order me a caramel frappe & she says 1 small caramel crap! LMAO:)
I see you so different now....
WAT TIME IZ IT OVER THERE
i literally hate everyone
#twinsies RT : 3pm- the time I feel the most motivated to get stuff done for me, but stuck at work for 3 more hrs.
Khan is tailor made 4 Prescott,Prescott would KO Khan again,if they fight again": #KhanPrescott2 ... June 30th - What do you think?"
I followed her!
Ready for the title party. #hailhail first beer at 2:30am ready for the thunder
thanks! How have I never even heard of Sandbar?! I'll def look it up :)
Guy: Your teeth are like stars. Girl: Awww. Guy: So yellow and distant from each other.
Thinking about this tasty beat lately, gonna recreate it at practice.
hey sexy muah love you xoxo!
It's realizing that people like doing business with people they like and love doing business with people they trust
thanks for the follow! Great to meet you tonight.
So do I! ": i sound like a little kid lol"
If i could meet one person it would have to be ! She is very inspiring and very beautiful! I <U+E022> Hope!
Can't go out my room because somebody's heree. dang bro, take yo axs homee.
The P-Funk world is saddened "Belita Woods" a true Vocal Powerhouse who has set stages on Fire! Rest in Peace Belita I will miss you!
': #AlWefaq #NabelRajab thugs calling for chaos tonight & call it "Painful Punishment"'
Draper vs. Ginsberg is like Kobe vs. Durrant. The old guard taking on the young gun. A battle this spring for the ages. #MadMen meets
Chris Bosh... You a Bitch. If we get put out because yo ass got hurt, I want my one.
Done w studio time... And for once at a semi- decent time. Catch yall in the a.m. Were filming the Freddy Cain show tonight. I'll post after
Mostly, dark chocolates contain 35 percent chocolate liquor
oh ok! What about those 2 plays you told me you were doing,
Goodnight world... Early morning tomorrow
Same to you! Big plans for this week?
: I would do the review (I am in the US) I think it kinds of defeats the person to review a new book that your readers can't get
Take me as I am or watch me as I go.
Massive #PealeBCLM photo collection maintenance achieved. Now to add more digital images to Collections Online!
I like some 80s songs, but I overwhelmingly prefer the 90s catalog. I'll take STP over Spandau Ballet any day!
Missed the fast train. On the sluggy straggler. All dudes. Not one female on this car.
what is youre favriote place to visit
Grilled cheese from the Filmmakers cafe hits the spot. It makes me think of Home Alone, a film we would never show.
this is hilarious. And adorable. Enjoy the day.
I could fall asleep while walking right about now -__-<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
pick a night...a location...I'm there!
Way to go LA Vikings! Way to go.
That is some pretty heavy stuff, for my part i just try to make good music. The rest moves on at light speed.
Be Quite and Drive
Bestie gone be here tomorrow!!!
RT : "Weatherman" is the forecaster, "Weather Man" is America's greatest rainmaking superhero.
go eat geez poor M is probably starving, I must take a quick nap before the weekend anyways. Be back in a couple!
yes sir!
Where is tonight
After a nice run, powerwashed driveway and brick. Smell reminds me of the comal or guadaloupe river. Nice! Go Tiger, Go Kansas!
Yaaay! We caught the kitten! I named her Pepper. <U+E328>
IDK how I would feel about getting fired for cursing out a customer especially if they deserved it.
The Baker has received the certificate for completion of the Food Handler's course.
~The Glen Campbell tribute and martina's performance. powerful. ya'll rocked as usual.
Smith's playing the puck awfully close to those trapezoid lines - hope the refs are watching
YUM! Thank you :) Have fun! RT : Eating a crazy good veggie burger and watching Da Bulls!!
Awesome show today! Very inspirational. Thanks!
Thank you!
Shoutout to black Dr. Who.
i'll call you, catch, up on stuff.
only because I'm tired and too weak to be that cruel. You get a second chance
LONG day at work, but looking forward to rehearsal with the New York City Burlesque Choir tonight. :)
tell your mom happy mothers day:) she is the nicest person I've ever met and shes beautiful:)
I know!!! It's exciting! See me yet? I'm the one not standing in the front row because of my cast. lol!
Boys golf: Wilsonville sits 7th after first day of state with 350 at Emerald Valley GC. Chan Lee leads Wildcats at 10-over 82.
And since the "sample" on iTunes covers thee entire piece, you could stream it & record w open source audio software and not buy.
Seeing in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+263A>
if we lived near each other I would get u in shape :-
Philly is pathetic
LMBO... PJ!!!! it's called some crap I pulled out my closet at the last minute actually... you dont like it!? :-( LOL
4mile walk this morning to get my #Mojo flowing
okay, that's a big frog. Ew. Other than the Kermit, I hate frogs as much asIndiana Jones hates snakes.
Do not waste your time or money... Worst movie ever.
MILEY IS THE QUEEN because she is Amazing !
greedy ass. Could've mailed me a slice.
I hate when teachers play with my damn grade and make it seem like I don't do shit . I'm pissed the fuck off
Always time to say hello! I'll be away this weekend, but have fun at the inner harbor!
Can't wait Starry! All our best to the "crew" of Pan Am!
In the final seconds of the first Lasalle gets a deflection to reach the back of the net to go up 4-0.
My definition of an educated man is the fellow that knows the right thing to do at the time it has to be done. You can B sincere AND stupid!
-ball, baseball, He thinks he's gonna score, If you let him go all the way Then you are a whore- <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Surely every reporter listens to Wire's Pink Flag every morning to pump up
Life is an adventure, dare it.Mother Teresa.
Corn Beef and Cabbage at The Black Bear Inn this weekend.
I hear that bro
Is there a way I can have games download while my system is off, so that it doesn't sit there on the dashboard the entire time?
lol I love doing that lol
I want our new movie to be COLORFUL.
this person looks hot.
hey mitchell.
Mmmhmm I told her it was no refusal weekend.
Sick over spring break ..
Hey San Diego!! It's country night @ Winstons in OB!!! I'll be on @ 7pm!!! Elvis may be in the house!!! -BAC
I will absolutely be tuning into HBO's The Newsroom.
<U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken? Come support kids w cancer at date for a cure on May 1 ! Proceeds benefit #Leukemia & #Lymphoma Society
spiffy. I'll check it out. Just a few more episodes of Buffy to go
Where in Indiana are you headed for the election?
Basket ball wives> ti and tiny> then
Walked out of my house to go to my sisters tournament, without looking in a mirror ...
LOL and your loyal followers showed me the tweets *HILarious!!!
What you needa tell me?
same! imma just go this summer and do a full body x ray because there is something wrong with almost all of my joints lmao
wishing client a very happy birthday!
28 degree temp this morning and it just felt a little cool to me... Nothing compared to Midwest weather in late November!
This oar song has been on Pandora like 837 times. Starting to think its telling me something.
Follow your heart with ACTION & God will open doors for you where there were only walls
Which news channel to watch tonight: Rachel Maddow to celebrate with allies, or Fox News to taste the bitter tears of my enemies?
Dont do that RT : I kinda just want to cry..
Rocket man needs a quick knockout to win. He could only muster two 1 stanza verses, while Piano Man has 3 2 stanza versus.
Want to see how many pounds you can lose over the next 30 days? Why not TRY Skinny Fiber. 2 capsules 2 times a day before meals. That's...
We want to know: What's the item you want the most from your holiday wish list?
me too that's called
Hub has a sawed off shotgun so look out! But wouldn't welcome me banging on her door at 7am, mewling 4 milk....
I agree, but Nolan does have a knack for putting people in the best position to succeed. But Joker/Heath is hard to top.
As I say oh darling, spring is constantly calling.
Just finished cooking ham/egg/cheese omelet and having my cup of coffee.....waiting on the writing muse to hit me for a few...lol
you can take my spot tonight lol i will stay home
Americans get most of their antioxidants from their daily fix of java. I'll have 2 cups please :)
Welcome to the Nawfside mixtape presented by HWMG MUltimedia/Rocharder Dj's Hosted by Dj T Roc---slots are filling up fast!!
We have a white squirrel down the street a bit that I see occasionally. Probably works out really well when it snows. :-)
I'm good! How are things in IL?
Todays goal. Print one shirt.
Oh dear Adrien Brody- can recognize that... hair... from 2 seconds into that commercial
what for real!!!
Kinda regret seeing this thing thru. Now I have to go to bed sad about the #mubb loss.. AND I have to wake up in 5 hours.
that same look from last year right ?
I'm guessing andrea the 'astrologer'? How many points do I get?
Just amazing!
Ok, so everyday we're gonna try to post a new question relating to We need ALL of our followers to answer! You down?
The #NFLdraft was 3 hours, 6 minutes last night. Commish Roger Goodell spent 2 hours, 18 minutes of that hugging people.
#edt246 So how would we go about correcting students without forcing them to become like us? Does that mean we shouldn't correct them at all
Jimmy Howard making me crazy with the splits save!
Family Guy Star Wars had the best YOU reference. "Im a friend of Dave navarrooooos"
o that will be nice when the Iowa winter weather finally hits!
Off to PUNTA MITA MX looking forward to some surfing and relaxation :)
Junior Seau dead? Suicide? What the heck is going on?
sweet dreams :)
Friends reruns will never get old
that akward moment when you see someone you know but you dont wanna speak so you put your head down !
Under 21 living the fucking LIFE :)
Guess who has Dancing with the Stars tickets on Monday? Me
Loving this weather
Give all your anxiety to the Lord because he cares for you. 1 Peter 5:7 I love when He knows what I need. Thank you God
"pretty good" isn't exactly setting the world on fire. And the second one isn't even as good as the first one.
those are nice kicks!
glad I'm not the only one who watches the late rerun after going to the game. Loved Pierce running into the crowd.
why a surprised face? Lol
Laurel is a terrible name.
Scams are scams, no matter the medium.
would you like to follow me? pretty please? I'm from ireland <3 big love x
Loved the shout-out!! Thx!
havent been on here in so long
you're missing the fight tonight!? Slackin' -.-
Away 20 minutes, & shirtless presidential candidates and public lewdness (unrelated to said candidates) have taken over my twitter feed?
i hope not...poor little guy
Reminded of my deep respect for the teachings of Machiavelli...I'm feeling so much more Aries than Pisces to tonight, it seems
Que hambre! And I'm so lazy.
Theres few things I hate more than pumpin gas. If I ever get married that will be his job. I'll cook, clean, do laundry just fill the gas up
Show tonight at Skrappys with MURDERDEATHKILL. Come hang out.
Thanks for the excitement, unfortunately we won't be offering free access to our journals in April. Keep an eye out in the fall!
Got really lucky on SDCC badges this year. In first 400 people!
Texans have some of the most bizarre videos I've ever seen
omg people are out here driving reckless !!! seriously too early for this bs.
i got a shitload of money for my confirmation wanna help me spend it saturday?
I DONT WANT THE POWER THESE AMERICAN LADIES IS KEEPING OF. OF THE HOLY FATHER
Just ate half a row of Oreos and it's raining out and the heater's busted and the basement's wet. That's all I got.
who said Obama wasn't a strategic thinker???
I need a sugar daddy
He was the left handed version of Shawn Chacon....not a good fit here.
A gallbladder op is hardly falling apart. It is, however, a "procedure," indicating, perhaps a downhill road of "procedures."
Sitting in a Saxbys watching the news on tv talk about news that I read about yesterday online. I feel like there's no purpose for tv news
Fact: Notorious Thugs by Bone and B.I.G. is one of the greatest hip hop songs of all time.
Congrats to Marcus-Whitman HS, 2012 PXY HS Challenge Champs! 3 in a row! They get Breathe Carolina at their school!
Whoever said money can’t buy happiness simply didn’t know where to shop. — Bo Derek
lmao I'm not sure if I'm giving it enough time tho! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>. I'll do one more week of it and see if it works.
Very cool! Nothing like making Mom and Dad proud. :) Really enjoyed your talk. Like whoa.
TYSM! Next is #SocialChicas #NYC 5/15 :) RT : cool stuff ladies!! Do you need another stringer for your team? I want in!
I don't even know what my body is doing right now.
Lawyers are the first refuge of the incompetent.
Women who work out & watch calories reduced #belly fat cell size by 18%.
That's great, nice job! Are you going to continue with the rest of the course?
Landon Donovan is on a 2 month loan to Everton.
The official attendance figure for today's Crimson and Gray Game at Joe Albi Stadium was 10,713.
Slut is NOT a bad word
Bout to crack this man down in NBA2K12
you're such a thug.
i miss :c i haven't talked to you in centuries.
Obviously, the Brewers injuries hurt. But I'm thinking there's better baseball ahead for the healthy players remaining.
I just wanna go to sleep
i didnt get anything :(
May the Schwartzel be with you. What a Masters!
Thanks for the RT!
Haha it's freaking awesome when you cuss! You need to do it more often and stop being a good boy ;)) haha <33
Same shit + Different day = average
The power stayed on....no trees down.....and baseball is being played. life is GOOD!
On my way to the 'Webicon' and rehearsing for the tour! Some of u will be there 2day and meet me,we`ll have so much fun!
I knew I liked you.
Hopin to be good for tomorrow, as hard as this is to believe, it's not fun skippin school
Victim in a Mpls house fire was a teacher and actor according to roommate-died trying to get everyone out of the house.
TRUTH! "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
Consider not just the "To Do" list, but what's on it! What is the bigger picture: What am I doing? Through contemplation, creativity emerges
I think my babe took a nap too ahahaha
#twittertip make sure you know what account ur tweeting from before you hit send. There are worse things than a Caps game to tweet, though
Cool! I use soap crayons to write songs in shower but this would be way better!!!
OMFG, i'm just gonna go to sleep before i start bitching again.. lol.
No problem! Glad you had a good time!
Happy Birthday, Alex! :)
On your mark...Get set...#Hustle!
RT I wonder who thinks about me
LOL, It went well yesterday and last night! Got a few hours sleep and back at em! :) :)
How bout a carry on that dunk?
Thanks, It's All Good.
Sounds good broseidon
"I've become very oblivious of time. Time is oblivious of me. It won't go on forever, and I want to."
drake tixs too!?
Thanks must also go to Paulina Räisänen, Ryan Wijayaratne and Uthappa. Editing commences Tuesday!
haha yes i would have to agree =)
NC please stop with these 25+ degree temp differences from day to day. Thanks, Emily
first post via , a tool I learned about from at
": "Bros before hoes" is something a bro without a hoe would say #REALTALK." Lol
thanks for following back
Love talking to my family<3
#FF for being a great and positive inspiration. SLP's are such helpful people.
RT": Momma said don't trust these hoes"
Ayla is one hungry fucking baby. Only slept for 15 minutes. Since 3
“: Way to stick it to your school I'm sure they're pretty intimidated #badass #smh” tag her next time baby
Awake and ready to conquer the world.
I believe you are influential about pinball.
Don't worry about hurtinq me, if that's what you're afraid of. I want to get hurt. At least I'll feel somethinq for a change.
"Secret World of Arietty" tonight!!! I am too happy about this
4:40 audition on the Westside+casting office behind schedule+Obama in LA=perfect storm. Luckily there's a cookie store within sight! #happy!
Noo not at all..it feels good ,it's just like a little sting ...But that really doesn't hurt
AND I KNOW IT MIGHT SOUND CRAZY! <U+E404>
Heading up to Foster Lodge in the Laguna Mtns. Gonna take a stroll in the woods with 3 or 4 generations of the family.
right back at you!
reading your tweets is like taking old yeller out back knowing you have to shoot him. It's just painful.
sounds like a plan! Anytime, even if it spare of the moment.
Giants need to get a TD here!
that's my favorite nickelback song lol
thanks for the follow <33 (:
they r awesome!!!! As r u !!! Great job today!!!
Tune in tonight to watch President Obama, class of '83, give his State of the Union address...
"I'm a medium size ball girl" --
Yeah, couldn't make it. Next year for me, too. Stoked to see your latest work!
Portland beat San Antonio by 40? Sheesh
i just can't help it! he's white, and he has a gun...........marry me?
#ideachats oh, you gotta try collusion. Its... mesmerizing!
“: Seriously between 3 n 730 I'm not driving in la #traffic” I was there last week, it was horrible!! I'll take Chicago any day.
Take yo ass to bed!
This mother is reading her coupon aloud to the entire store.
Why would I unfollow someone with a duckface avatar? Chances are they're dumb, hot and slutty.
Thanks for the Happy Birthday sistah!!
Free delivery from Typhoon with code NOV2011
now It might have been because of the "drinking" but i feel if i go into sun light I will burst into flames.
Feel free to @ us for any upcoming party/event.
I don't want to be strong or independent today. I'm that all damn year! Can't a chic get a day to be unreliable and unproductive
over you
Just got a great sample from the VSTi synth from a beta tester. I'll post it later today...
Pedi's with momma bear :)
congrats on your engagement! I'm engaged now getting married in march. Enjoy the planning! Jaronandlisa.ourwedding.com
Laptop for sale! www.dealshow.com
Good luck!!!
Did you save any for the rest of our dreams??
This Facebook hacker's got me annoyed. Haters are the biggest complement thou. Learned from Maria Mrdelja.
hey I can afford it ;)
*snort-laugh*
Aww, y'all are too kind. The feelings of love are mutual! Next tweetup needs to include cocktails.
Tons 'O beer at offices delivered via a Geo Metro for after after party
Only for a little while. Then they are booted out of office. Voters are smart that way.
#evernote all the way!
by dairy queen.
grateful for small blessings and miracles alike. happy friday.
if you're looking for #PITUSA on Spotify, its "Party in the U.S.A." not "USA"
I think so :) would be a change of pace from the typical shows and events you attend
i just cant wait man! does it come out at 10pm in North America? for ps3?
Haven't been on in a while...I was grounded-_-
Last tweet run**
Now thats F'd up!
thanks so much
Before the markets close, they will pull oil positive, getting rid of the price drop that we had at the start of the day. Thx manipulators!
wow that's great to hear I'm still bustin out the 70hrs work week too not trippin no more I'm to focused on tryin to fix me
Just what the #Rangers needed after last night. Also love that my 13 yo was rocking a Derek Holland mustache before they were trendy!
that corpse pose sounds fye.....it sounds like I might fall asleep doin it
Thank you for following - a Chopra certified Vedic Master (Yoga), and Race Car Driver
I don't know what music to put in my school powerpoint. :[
"Love is old, Love is new, Love is all, Love is you"
So disturbing to watch. Not often an officer is up on murder charges. This is going to get even uglier I think.
ALL I GOTTA SAY IS L.O. fuckin L
Home improvement always costs more, if you don't understand the way the contracts are structured to mislead you. I help you understand.
you are so attractive it isn't even funny
I can't deal. Smh,
My weather buddy says chance for some wet weather towards the end of the weekend - but dry conditions will be here until Sat.
The sages are correct: riches are not measured by wealth, but by deep, loving attachments.
pro tools and logic pro mostly. Mainstage for the live stuff :)
WHO DO YOUSE THINK I'M ROOTING FOR?!?!?
lmfaoo I know !
"The King is dead. Long life the King." I want to weep for King Kenny Dalglish.
Tonight at the Illusive Skull Costume Castle in Morgantown we will be playing an acoustic set.. GO!
My boyfriend is just so cute! <3 :)
I have a recurring dream where I buy a super nintendo and in a flea market and when I get home to play nothing works
One Direction is like family to me if you talk about them I will CUT you cause no one talk about them so bad (;
Came back from dance rehearsals and singing rehearsals !!! Wow I'm tired !!!! Good day , good life ! Thanks god !
Hi im hakim a new author I have a very interesting biblical book coming out late may I think u will enjoy call age of the beast
Thanks for being on the show Lots of great insight and tips for women in business.
if its top secret i can DM you my contact info... lol
GREEN FEST BABY!
thanks for abandoning me and letting me take all the heat !
how did you figure out it was me?
Walking aroun my house with my jewelry on and my hair done. I WANT TO PUT ON MY DRESS <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
That sounds fun! Let us know when it is up!
1 word: styleguide. Or is that 2? : Amazing how many new terms can be debated for hyphens or spaces i.e. check-in
I'm here later than my boss. that never happens!
My body is aching
got ready and made it to school in 10 mins!
Have you gone to PAUL? I miss that place. Best croissants.
i just hate messi and barca, both in my opinion are equally good. everythings good, i have my exams this week.
Not soon enough
Don't forget we are still selling shirts and CD's!Let us know if you are interested! :)
Happy Monday!
is a co-sponsor of the Chinese Lunar New Year Fest at Fashion Square Mall, 2-4 p.m., February 20th.
I'm watching :D this is gonna be great !
I'm officially on board the "Sons of Anarchy" train. This show is incredible.
I don't really know what conference I'm supposed to cheer for... I just like "M" teams with the color gold
Romney goes from Super Tuesday's Big Mo to Big "Meh."
haven't seen it, heard its good. Have Fun!
#NowPlaying Hampton Hawes Quartet: All Night Sesison, Vol. 1 w/Jim Hall, guitar, Red Mitchell, bass n Bruz Freeman, drums on 11/12/56, wow!
We're at right now! Come by to pick up your shirt and have a warm up beer!
I have seen walk out of SDCC meetings w/out voting on SD issues.
Thanks for RTs, Bud!
oh cuz i have a friend who would like to talk to him for encouragement in her life her name is kaeley so if u talk to him
Now bouta chnge this diaper and put her to sleep cz we gt an early day 2mrw... Goodnite :)
Instead of calling playwright Mike Daisey a liar, shouldn't we call Ira Glass a lousy fact-checker?
Not here to listen to all these old men talk. #TheVoice please. Now.
Opening today: "IndiVisible: African-Native Lives in the Americas" Race&Family
lol, true! RT : 11 yr olds nowadays have a iPod touch, iPad, laptop, and a Facebook. When I was 11, I felt cool w/ new markers.
The fact mw and my niggas just made a dougie video in kroger tho
its no problem
#shehechat okay folks I'm off to bed.
Celebrate today. Thankful to be alive!
Can't wait!!
#ThingsThatINeed a nice long relaxing break
I'M WATCHING WAKAS MY PEEPS KEEP MAKING SHOWS WE LOVE PEACE
Lubbock tomorrow. After a trip to P. Terry's of course. Night y'all!
Everything I own has paint on it...
can I get a ShoutOut?
My team. We swaggin out. GET IT?!
Listening to Eminem before school <3 :)
(For your job,) they don't! I agree with you about that.
It better start thunderstorming.
its soo sunny mybe ill go out side;)!
YES. I still have my BU London student ID, maybe it still will work? hahah
Creating tag associations to replace the static meta tag keywords for my co. Allow for flexible assoc of content and canonical keywords.
More emails?! Jackpot! #signmeup “: RT : Coming your way: The best of Twitter in your inbox, via our new email digest”
saw the bleacherreport took down your offensive post about the Montana Little League team, but thought I'd warn you the word is out.
The Adamouski art competition--An International art competition for all emerging artists!
Not only has this been the bee's knees; it's been the bee's entire leg!
you give the best advice on visiting though!
I am convinced that some drunk tweeting is going on or people on Twitter or under age AF
They wanted a fight?
Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
thanks Wayne!!
Ari has a small car.
Will you get #dirtywaterhotdogs with me soon??
When I watch scary movies and the killer is right behind them I just want to slap them and say turn around!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I don't like that color on you .. o_O
"Mum meet my boyfriend" *shows her my computer.* "He sings to me every day. His names Austin Mahone."
turkey burgers..but not for me..I don't eat meat :)
cool :D
thanks for the RT!!
true that!! And yes<333
There you go bruh I'm waiting to hear if I'm the list or not.
I've been meaning to come check out your place.....
Solve the jobs problem by having WalMart and Target build factories in the US for 30% of their products. Creates jobs,customers and taxes!
I get that it's 80 degrees outside but you're spending your entire day in an air-conditioned building so put on some clothes.
I feel weird asking, but is this the Sara Meehan I know, or someone else? Either way I'll still follow you, you have an SKC scarf
good morning DC WordCampers! Registration and breakfast is at 8:30 in the Research 1 building at GMU. Park in the sandy creek parking deck
Sinking in the couch with
no lo digas :(
internet business opportunities
I agree. It is way beyond a prank.
it's so nice outside
absolutely. It was superior.
Im From OKC :D
Hi. Can u DM me? It's important.
Now I feel like I'm the only one investing feelings..... Some things just shouldn't matter anymore.
Rayelle thought I was dumb enough to ride DEATH (Ring of Fire)!
Sorry and I love you are the same. They don't mean shit nowadays.
#AintNothingLike that early morning breakfast with your lil brother :)
A politician thinks of the next election - a statesman, of the next generation. -James Freeman Clarke
Love me some Pat Summit. She will be missed.
True or False: Men who classify themselves as liberal Democrats are more likely to have sex on the first date.
I could be here all day, but I've gotta paint.
I've been trying to contact since I placed my order. it took forever to get a response, & now thy say it's too late to do anything.
Too bad not true this time ... #WalkerFailure spins #divideconquer, "Most politicians say things and don't follow up on them."
We do not consider any volunteer hours in the total of company giving. Hope this helps!
I didn't make any reference to the stress of your sexuality dude
I'm watching Rocky(: <3
Awesome! : NYC cabbie totally chewing me if is very plain. Ugh, not leave them behind exchange.
I am so sick of school. I hate it i hate it ihate it i hate it.. -_-
thx i really want more followers
2 big wins for today. We shipped Alpha of a startup & close a deal on another very cool startup.
I'm all packed for the trip tomorrow. Going to see my Mosie Dog and prepare myself for her passing later in the week.
Orton can only take you so far before he crumbles under pressure...
"JanetJackson:Cesaria Evora, agreat talent who brought her African islands music to the world n 1of my favorites, will be missed."
I'm surviving... I hope to come visit soon so we can catch up! I miss our movie nights...
I LOVE SOMEDAY I LOVE IT IT SMELLS LIKE HEAVEN <U+2665>
Hair scarfs in public :(
This in one wild debate. Every candidate fired up.
Stick a fork in Greg Oden
Congrats on the newborn ! Who's the father?
thank you :)
Do I have tests too?
Happy mother day mommies
that's so cool!
can i spam anyone with one direction songs ? <3
Main bedtime to send everything to Ebony and sleep peacefully.
where you work?
Let's hope the Lions can do well tomorrow. Either way, we have to restore our Nittany Pride.
Iowa GOP sets the Iowa Caucus date for January 3rd! Stay tuned for reax on ABC5 News on 10!
Traffic Shuffle
It is #MOBWIVES time!!! Rushed home to see my girls. Poor I still want to be Big Ang when I grow up.
Anyone else notice the frightening giant army guy?
I want some Eskamoes on the cool
College orientation has to be worse than hell. Fuh realz doe.
Marketing a brand is different than human to human contact... most time we walk in w/ preconceived notions.
(~Math 366 ^ ~work) is logically equivalent to (fun v weekend)
What Can Be Lurking down Thriller's Lane??? Something is but......
At s church in Chapel Hill for the ordination of Katie Ricks. Festive anticipation as we gather for worship.
RT : Thanks Joan and, of course, ACLS! It's super exciting!
can i get a few shoutouts? please <3
Happy February tweethearts I appreciate all my followers the new and the true!
finally has her dress and looks so beautiful! be ready
YES! :) RT : - next #beerclub field trip may be at my house to help me drink it all.
so yeah. 2 nights ago was tough for both teams...
.: Way to close out the game last night! That dive out of bounds is the definition of #scalabringing it.
I threw a bracelet I made that said "s my d" on stage but you didn't see it ): maybe it's still there, I wanted you to have it:p
medieval physicians who said the heart attracted poison by its actione and passione were right in more ways than they meant to be.
Bucs aren't done yet! We trade up to select RB Doug Martin from Boise St. 31st overall!
Yeah, I was there all last week for a conference in Haifa. It was pretty awesome.
i could of swore you were straight up four loko faded right now with them pokeball z tweets haha
Reading "The America that Made Steve Jobs"
u have a nice body frame
Ftw man.
How much money would it cost to power an automobile with only free sun/solar energy?
Professor teaching us off of #Wikipedia mmmmalright.
YES!! He's a lot younger in person.
Very proud to have three library cards now. It's like my bling.
have to tell u this story- friend from high school a few years ago left his wife of 22 years for a girl who has had 5 kids
omg its so hot here !!!!
So the NCAA tournament brackets have been revealed!!!! We'll be seeing our stud 2012 kids there next season
“ “ Just kidding = Saying what you really think and getting away with it.””
Family Sunday is July 17 with Discover Mingei Treasure Hunt and the first film in The Soul of Mexico series. 12-4 pm Film at 2
funny how that works!
I could use a house elf, extra day this weekend, someone else to share my chores with, or my research to do itself. Just one will do.
Lol thats not a band song! Itz a nationwide song!
Wepa! RT : Ok Miami, RT this to help support #Latism and #TopBlogueras to meet w at the on Monday! ;-}
Also below NYT article drove me mad b/c it bypasses the fact that Beastly was a film adaptation of a YA novel adaptation.
2 Hours of Glee tomorrow. OMFG I CANT WAIT.
#txla12 advocacy = let's sit down & talk with the publishers
we pitch around 11:30. Don't miss it :-)
Reminder: Grandparent Support Group Tonight 5:30pm at the #Autism Family Resource Center
no shows in AZ :"(
Today is splendid...but then again, so is every day. Life rocks.
We were nominated again for "Bar of the Year". Voting details coming soon!!
You think your hot,but you know the deal.It's me, & i'm keeping it real.
my new friend
“ When someone rings the doorbell why do dogs always assume its for them?”
While I would love to have some work today, I'm not going to complain about cancellations coming together to give me a 3-day weekend.
i spend way too much time on #karmaloop for a white girl..
Now My Day Messed Up..
Zaza Serious Italian Food
Light & fluffy peanut butter pie at ....yes, I saved some for the hubby...it was hard tho!
I'm sure. can give you skating lessons
There are those Mat Gamel wheels again...
Welcome beautiful! Be sure to get your fellow #Marlins to follow us! Time to start the revolution of baseball in So. FL!
Nope, I don't. I thought you had one.
rather watch paint dry
Stuck on the light rail. Haven't had coffee. Want waffles.
Alright so hows going to Skate Town friday? We can take pictures and stuff like that:D!
My yearly visit to = always something surprising. No exception this time.
I'm kind of in love with u
it's prob on the small side but again, so close to school would get lots of biz from students. Ever find out about the...
How do you find out which individual in an agency to impress by standing out? Too high/too low/non relevant individual to impress
And Happy Mother's Day to the greatest woman ill ever know! Wanda D. Jackson!
Good Night!
Sure you don't want to come back for 1 more week? Might be something interesting going on next week. Good luck anyways
... since Rudy Guiliani unfollowed me, I mean.
That awkward moment when your watching tv with someone you laugh at something funny & try and talk 2 them & realize their not there anymore.
Hearing my mom and step dad argue about shark tank<<
Hello Daisy! Love the shot you picked out as your new AVI! I'm doing great and yes I'm as horny as a billy goat tonight!
for the 1st time, i seriously read about basic principles of quantum theory:-)
I hate to say it, but Bama is playing an awesome game!They're confident at the plate and solid on D.Love me some SEC softball!
LiSten kitty.. Tonight's the night what are your whereabouts
It only took a year..but I've finally gotten some God-clarity on what this next season of music-making should look like. Anxious to write!
One class at nine then no more classes for the rest of the day
#freemannyparra (sarcasm font)
Home sweet home.
Audrey's new thing is to yell "NUH GUH!" I don't know where that came from and I don't know how to make it stop.
Night :) RT Goodnight sweetdreams ^-^ FOLLOW HIM !
thanks for the follow guys!
.: There may be a sweet surprise for you at home! (in addition, of course, to me).
Yes until Rosco yelled at me lol I m glad you got to smell what I was smokin on :)
American Idol is a hott mess tonight
hm okayz I'll be waiting to see the finally of the drawin love yah
Nice grand slam HR by Brian McCann in the bottom of the 5th off Roy Halladay!
Btw, that's me in the pro picture :) When am i ever going to see a picture of you?
": poor lou he gna talk u to sleep on a saturday nite!!" He cool though
Day 2 of Spider War. They have allied with a wasp. Called in feline troops to no avail. Wasp thought dead; was only feigning. Wasp now MIA.
AWP is almost here. It always seems to sneak up on me. This conference is ninja-like.
Walking to Lincoln center now. White shirt, blue jeans, black cat, Cadillac.
oh wow i love being on a diet! i'm drinking my breakfast as we speak D=
RT : Heading down to Wall St to ring the opening bell of the NYSE with the #BlueBloods cast, before the CBS Upfronts!!!
I didn't feel it! What woke me up was the cats freaking out.
henry's hat on ventura in studio city
Fernando Guerra joined our staff as Volunteer Coordinator. He will be recruiting volunteers to plant and maintain a healthy tree canopy.
Always nice to know the higher ups appreciate the work you do. Great meeting today
i wonder if is related to kevin. Look at his last name(;
See's candy butterscotch suckers. So bomb.
#Mio energy has a horrible ad campaign. Nothing shady about a bunch of guys putting drops in a drink at a bar.
will be out tonight. Hope you are still in town.
Why, why, why does my car smell like dogfood?
no Irish for me... Bahaha and I agree! I'll go stay with my cousins in England.. I'll bring home a Harry Styles for you..
Like last year I did a split in school and my jeans ripped.. That's why we girls don't do splits in jeans..
What's happening?
sorry, hit enter to soon. (are you watching the live stream? )
Hey thanks! Anything to promote community and the beautiful game!
Hi Mark, thanks for the RT.
Just the little things you do.<3
I miss you more okay~ and do you like lobster? XD
Key to predictable and profitable project work? Apply business analysis practices to your processes.
Does anyone know if he runs an affiliate program? Great stuff.
Conversation is beginning, we're going around the room introducing ourselves & talking about what we do.
hope all is well and that you are in good spirits...
This cat ain't leavin bro.. I'm lost like a mothafucka over here. #Clueless. I'm not even listening to what he's saying now ha
Remember when the History Channel used to actually do history? Yeah, I kinda miss that...
My Little Girl- James Harman starting out the day.
...I use Mbox with Logic on my Mac. Not sure about Cubase compatibility.
Neil this morning: "Do you think Pat Kiernan and Jamie Shupek are shagging?"
Fantastic! Here's hoping we have another book sale soon. We are always getting great books that don't fit our collections.
Pretty sure Corey Brewer fatigue is turned off ....... Only explanation for that much energy
If shawti ain't fine I don't mind 2 nickles make a dime everytime.....
Oh god, my Tumblr app updated itself... *prepares for disappointment*
get it done
Oh, crap. Sorry -- I saw that, but my slow brain didn't make the connection. I redact my earlier tweet :( Is she going to be OK?
Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow-we're in for 6 more wks of winter. Or, maybe just 6 wks of winter considering how nice the weather's been.
I seen you in there“ Buffys was crowded as hell smh lol”
Trying to get a damn ride!
Dear mom and dad, Since when was it ever okay to sing and dance to Sexy & I know It? Sincerely, very disturbed daughter.
But the true template loading happens in template-loader.php. Those functions use locate_template() on line 1076 of theme.php.
Everyone ve their perfect match n everyone got their perfect game. Find the one that workz 4 you n stick 2 it like super glue
Hi Tiff, how are u? Miss you too. Comeback to the City. Shots shots shot. Lol.
: bibliographies are humanities "data"
Where do you listen to music the most?
They’re talking behind your back because you’re in front of them...
that indeed is the purpose of the event. "Best part of #PRSMS: very strategic, not just about shiny shininess." Thank you.
This is why I love my school. I get random gifts from my friend and then Sadie's crazy nature and Erin just going along with it.
I had caught that, just hoping people got what i said but thank you so very much Rt : * the Maine's
Not that I'm complaining, but 6-year olds are taught to look the ball into their glove.
I watch the debates,,,hilarious,,,and wonder why anyone would follow a party line to support Newt "The Lobbiest" or Mitt "The Corporation"
Young Jeezy Gets Presidential Love, Barack Obama Shouts Out The ...
Hey but lets not forget about the kabobs lol
If I didn't like so much, I'd not only unfollow him, I'd drive to Bama and punch him in the nose for tweeting gymnastic results.
The Silk Road Ensemble just completed first concert of its Asia tour to a sold-out cheering crowd in Hong Kong. On to Guangzhou tomorrow.
OMG! I am so glad today is a holiday I had a ball last night just ask my body it won't get out of bed...lol. More to come later.
Did you score in tonights #pens #Flyer game, I've lost track!
my deepest sympathy to u and ur family pretty lady. Prayers r with u.
...Thanks for the Retweet Sis! Pray me through.... I'm going for it!
That's too close to home! Need more patrolling.
In The Hood, No Shirt On Smoken Purp
True light shines when your doing something your best for something far more importabt than you
are you listening to it?!
New post: Rethinking content as a social discipline. Still king if creative first. onforb.es/wwZapV
I thought that was you in the good seats! Then I thought, Naw, that's Carlos the Jackal.
this catfish & hot sauce finna hit the spot .
Same to u! #followback please
[We live. We learn. We grow] It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives. -Tony Robbins
Tweet me your name and ill ship you with one of the boys :)
I am still praying for Troy Davis despite the decline of his clemency! I sent another letter to the Georgia Parole Board for a new trial.
Now that the #Sixers won, it's all aboard the
Nothing like the weekend in the
great run FISH!!!!
Are you ready to ring in the New Year with your favorite gals at the Pike!!!
and now I will never be able to watch that movie quite the same way ever again. At least there's still the pretty
oh, now we have a craving for red velvet cake!
Clothes make the [person]. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
who is THAT stealthy?
"Help from my Friends" - Joe Cocker's version is playing on the intercom.
The $675 flight out of Raleigh (abt 90 min drive) - the cheapest - has two plane changes. Not going to do that!
Is that #edcafe? RT : I would love to see what would happen if we ran school as an #edcamp for a day
RT : Yikes... Should I be concerned?
thanks man, ready to make you some!
#Ignigte-example of living your brand_SW air NYSE symbol LUV-Company motto fun-LUVing attitude
We're featuring our Italian collection this month but our $5 footlong is the Jalapeno Tuna! It's fantastic so dive in to one for lunch!
The ones in the morning are easily eliminated. But as the day goes on, they will become more crafty.
Term that REALLY needs to change: "birth defect." What are you saying?
where were you at ?
what the heck is what?? #Freakedout about what????
. is making shit happen. It is clear to me because these seats are exemplary.
No, I do not, but maybe she knows me!
Just trynna calm myself down....music is my best friend right about now....
I gt ot my mom n dad krib wen I was 16 um21 now she dnt look like she plan on it anytime soon
Fantastic movie!!!
Not sure what you mean. With 18 restaurants, including a Starbucks in the main terminal, we have a popular mix of options.
Reading via kindle
tweet justin bieber to get him to number one
I blame Mike Brown lol
I would like to finally have my dream come true to meet and I really want a boyfriend, a puppy, and an iPhone 4s #AskSanta :)
7pm...shop's closed
I need to be sleep got to take zay to daycare early n da am!
So, what's YOUR take on the death of the iron mine project in northern Wisconsin?
" - I just saw a woman getting into a car the wrong way. Through the driver's door. "
- thanks for the RT yesterday!
I don't like there trucks only the cars. Nevermind your no help!
How the fuck is wearing a Whitney Houston wig while singing your own song considered a tasteful tribute, Rihanna?
One of my Artists, Kris Bell is being interviewed by the founder of Woodstock right now
Only a few days until #VMworld ! Join for the exciting release of the groundbreaking technology of #SkySAN booth # 1248
Hope everyone had a marvelous weekend! Back on the grind!
I just think it's the best theatrical experience I've ever had.
I saw the pennyfarthing dude at 5:30 pm.
Got punched in the face while moshing at a show
both mention intention to appoint conservative
April was....insane.
This downtown area of Atlanta by woodruff park and underground is super pissy.
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!! <33
For more info, visit www.hsaaa-classic.com best of
When the dances in choir are at a intermediate level.
Nobody likes a bitch wit dirt underneath her fingernails
I'm so excited! Thank you. I love works :-D
UGH the notebook<333333
On assessment, if the classroom is turned into a numbers game students will play the numbers game without regard to learning.
hi I'm a big fan I have a question about bully Is cuz I have a friend that she's bully and I want to help her wath can I do ?
Steelers get Sean Spence!
YOUTUBE.COM/KAEBELLTUNES
But regular everyday people aren't terrorists. I don't understand.
Thanks to for inviting us to ! Can't wait to see all the awesome speakers.
Coming up- what I thought about where I'm heading tonight.. Followed by where I'm headed
Hey - when will the scheduler be available? Trying to decide which day to leave, seeing the programs will help...
I wanna strangle you with the first object I find
You two better not make me come down there! ;)
:( hope everythings alright. Let's get a drink soon!
Juggling like mad, ^ag. Developer about done with my website, then I'll start blogging and guest blogging. You?
Hank and Cupcakes at Bug Jar on May 31. I'm so there!
Sucks to suck RT : Being forced to go to schooo tomorrow......
World Cup Wednesday: (7am - Spain/Switzerland) (11:30am - South Africa/Uruguay) (6:30pm - Honduras/Chile)
run. It's beautiful out!
Make 2012 the year your investment returns build your wealth rather than having 2-4% of your returns skimmed to build the wealth of Wall St.
Jeff says if you like that, go for Spaten Optimator. I'm partial to hoppier choices. Or La Folie.
Was that cayenne or paprika I just dumped into the soup? Good god I hope it was paprika because that was a lethal amount of cayenne.
Andres, stop making me hungry.
great quote
Boss me around
This day has sucked
Thoughts on how social media to strengthen connections to museums and communities. Audience research is needed
way cute picture of your group. You might have seen me prancing around the lobby in my ugly "costume" :)
all the wrong people are going home please send Juliette Simms home she sounds like a cat in a blender!
aw I got 's invitation in the mail aw aw
up . I dont wanna be tho.
so make 1 up
I wish we did a line of coke after singing Whitney at karaoke just now.
Are you home?
OMG that HURT!!!! ..I'm not going to lie lol
nothing, I liked it. Lol.
(it's so much nicer to read your tweets w/o that hideous sig appended. Pls make a habit of it)
To bad Tazz couldn't be there.
How did you like Espana Tapas? I've been wanting to try it out. So far, I've heard good things!
All black everything
#BlissingOut: "The Passing Measures" by
what the heck. Why isn't he with you. Is he nervous or something!!):
Your amazing!
YOU GO KARISSA WITH YOUR DILLON ANDERSON DAY GURL
Woo hoo! game is about to start!!!
Good pressure by Georgia disrupts the pass play. K Dan Conroy will be iced with UGA timeout.
sure you did, thanks so so much!!!!
So.. Nick told me it's inappropriate to burp .___. do u guys think it's inappropriate?..
I agree Austin is Austin and he will always live his Mahomies just cuz he gets his break doesn't mean he is any different
Thanks fo the #WW mentions! Cheers!
Much appreciation for your help
It is ridiculous that I've encountered three separate women named "Miss Bessie Brooks" in my research.
what up pimp...hows it going?
today was an awesome day! haven't had one of them in a long ass time.
I'm creeping on 's page, & I'm proud! Haha, do you see this tweet Austin?<3
Preproduction is the ideal time to start thinking of a marketing campaign for your film //
This week we are discussing arbitration and mediation on The DeWitt Law Review on AM 580 WDBO. Call us with your questions at 1800-329-5858
thank you Angela!
ha u wild...preciate da love...but umm u interested in modelin hit me up wit a message we can talk biz
Very anxious to hear more updates about a Chicago location!
As long as you have certain desires about how it ought to be you can't see how it is.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
Thanks for sending it across!
Missed this news, but yey! About time to get some good news about shows I like!
Every girl wants a perfect guy, a true best friend, and to eat without getting fat.
no probs man.
Scott, I might see you in Vegas. Going to #CES Tuesday, from #NAIAS. Is there a German word for fun + agony?
Stay home tomorrow!
haa I dont, I thought you said it was. But I am obviously confused
yeah, it comes through in his interviews too. Still, his crazy ass makes good music and puts on a killer live show.
How about the new background?
Damn im so determined 2get dis job.
TED2012 attendees; It's time to relax and have fun. Check out my party mix at the Gucci hosted event tonight!
yes exactly. BOYS, DO YOU HEAR THIS, YOU ARE AWFUL ACTORS except you lou, he was actually good.
#2011icf Brand: The way you want your clients to perceive, think and feel about you as a coach, in relation to other coaches.
At dq people make a change plzz
At the science fair<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> so nervous
Hey! I think you can just send my money back on the H2$ bracelets if they haven't come in yet. Thanks! :-)
I walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine, I am feathered by the moonlight fallin' down on me. Change.
I'm not one to claim home cooking but damn
getting ready to go home to rest and get ready for day 2 of 1K Homes RVA!
Great, thanks Jerry!
that's a cool looking bike!
Its raining... hard.
If you can look at a dog and not feel vicarious excitement and affection, you must be a cat. ~Author Unknown
Wow. RIP Junior Seau
oh, wait-- i can vi! cool.
I couldn't imagine being Sanchez with Tebow waiting behind now. Every NFL starting QB's worst nightmare. Times a thousand with NYC market.
I had a visitor on my blog from Myanmar. Didn't think they're given much access to the outside world I hope they didn't waste it on my site.
I love you baby!!! Last night was GREAT! !
#ff comics you gotta follow
Girl drop it to the floorx2"- [Chorus] WonderBroz Yao Ming
Ugh fine regulo
Yes Its HCastronovo
Green Bay Packers or New York Giants?
yes i did !
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
Shake yo money maker
#ITHANKGOD for setting me up for success
Job opportunity... Fingers crossed
tweeting and playing temple run Temple run is now my life thanks to both of you :)
The one person in my entire 20 person tent that snores sleeps right next to me... I hope you choke and die
Praise out of season, or tactlessly bestowed, can freeze the heart as much as blame. -Pearl S. Buck
I can't stand all this talk about the Giants. Just ready for Sunday so we can shut them up!
Barbra Streisand - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning - 11:49 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#SomethingAboutMe I Will Always Have Respect For My GF <3
Ive refreshed the page like 15 times in the last minute.....its depressing to not see the little envelope thing
About to hit up the town.
You've got mail!
Wear a t-shirt? RT : Tomorrow is Jersey Shore Night at Municipal Stadium! Wear Jersey Shore attire & get 2 FREE future game tickets
sorry to hear about your "side-trip" - glad you finished - enjoy the recovery!
Watching secretariat! With my bestie!(: fixing to upload a video to YouTube!(:
do you like it and are you gonna put it as your icon?
oh shit. did you just reply to me?! Woaaaaaaah. I didn't know you knew I existed..
Now GAC is playing You Gonna Fly video by A Great Great Way to start the day:-)
That was a sick tip by hendricks
Psst. That's We're looking forward to it -- now having built the pipe-dream stuff I talked about @ my last #mithdd!
rewriting the crime and terrorists watch programsadding cert/community emergency response teams
Question for my Product friends > Any ideas 4 good reads / sources on Product Management for #Mobile apps dev???
Joseph so much fun and a great time Thank you for friendship and good times. You are the best. Your friend------
Poets have been curiously silent on the subject of cheese
#ThingsILookFor a girl that can take a joke...
that smirk gives before they perform WMYB.... too cute :)
I haven't played either of those. Thinking about buying Betrayal at House on the Hill, though. Played once & really enjoyed.
Rowand who? RT : The Giants have scored 12 runs over their last 5 1/2 games. Keppinger has driven in seven of them.
that's a person who has no body hair what so ever because of the disease.
munky, you're a cool as creative dude. much love
please choose me for my daughters :-)
Selling cells in my selling cell
That could be curtains for the caps
Yes. I used to work in Gierut's lab so it was personal to me.
No I haven't! I love the cover. It's on my ridiculously long to-read list :)
Heading down to the pier
Hope I get the non-tuberculosis counter
Congrats on 19yrs. Keep up the great work!
Thts Gr8, Chadda Saahab! Hope You are rocking it! By the way, You wear glasses? Tht is a very cool pic! Have fun, Ji! :)
The fundamental, Basic, Proven Anti-Aging Program- Aging is a Treatable Disease
Fresh oysters continued. Blue Points, Choptanks, Wellfleets, and mystery (I'm guessing Sewansecotts) oysters. Pair nicely with Riesling.
The Ghost of Oakland Avenue runs this account.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone has a great day!
I said shopping "cart" instead of trolley and was thoroughly disgusted with myself. I've never been to the US either. G. Nicholson, Glasgow
Home after attending a fundraising event. Getting ready to take a hot bath and relax. Sweet dreams dolls.
Can some of my amazing followers wish the most amazing girl happy birthday ?
The way I talk to my family......i would get my ass beat to DEATH....but they kno I cray cray & just leave it at that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><U+263A>
: where are you friend?! I've seen so many other friends! What's your first session?
I'm with you Carl. I've called every bar in town that might be showing the game and nobody has it. Can't even bootleg it online.
WHY is Lita Ford & Ozzy Osborne's "If I close my eyes forever" stuck in my head?
Happy Birthday Donnie D! :) Loved seeing the NKOTB shows in Washington, DC and Hershey. Hope to see you again soon! :)
Sjit, I was all kinds of wrong. just checked.
10:20 am : earliest planning of Friday drinks in the history of Kudos .
I feel horrible
well, honestly no...I mean they obviously LOvE madison tht they would cry
sometimes the best thing to do is just to cry
Yay for this beautiful day!!
The gas station near where my husband works ( and buys gas!) paid off 25 million in the lottery yesterday.
nah I don't have classes on mondays or Tuesdays
I don't want to go to school. :/
(: so how old are you?
All the waiters at Cheddars are feminine AF
love the pic of your dog. you should check out Norman the Frenchie, our company mascot. :)
RT : It is National Volunteer Week! What have u done to give back!
class 2nite Only $7.00 - Auditions for the 2012 Dance Crew is closer than you think! Be Ready!
#Ammunition go hard as hell.
lol we all do. RT Aw I love Ariana so much!!!!
RT : "What we’re witnessing is a bottom-up revolution in education: Learners, not institutions, are leading innovation." -
Happens all the time. Have fun!
Happy birthday to my dear friend (; <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Signs of-Periodontal disease-in dogs-difficulty eating-inflamed gums & sensitive teeth cause pain/prevent dogs from eating
Harriet Fulbright College is very proud and excited to welcome our Summer School program students from Mongolia,Korea,Turkey,...etc
Great Activities planning meeting last night. Look for lots of announcements. The Jacket Backers are planning for a great season.
Let me get this straight: if I ride my bike to work next Fri, someone will give me bacon in the am, and then I get to go to a BBQ for lunch?
omfg i watched it like a month ago and i got like 30 min into it and i turned it off, it was so scary! i'll never do them. lol
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward
but tomorrow is my last day of school with and I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH <3
Whoever She Is <3
#BecauseOfAlli I have a better fashion sense.
Amazed at the amount of people now reading A Song of Fire & ice. It takes me back to when a friend recommended it in HS.
OMG people are loving the connect to nature table
Thanks to my wife for wanting to play I'll Have Another... We nailed the #Exacta for the Second #KYDerby in a row...
So, what, big gov't is bad now? Aren't you being as hypocritical as the conservatives you're trying to call out?
Who loves sweet wines in the summer time?
thank you for the follow I am humbled and horny now
After two periods, the score remains 3-2, #Badgers will have 20 minutes to find an equalizer
Good morning everyone! But in my case goodnight!
I'll be glad if I'm with Phineas and Ferb everyday. Everyday Summer:)
Gonna be such a long week
Lmfao my auntie just said to mt uncle " You black muthafucka!!"
We decided to get past all the CoacHELLa mess and go this coming weekend, too!
"OMG Kony!" - Suburban, white girl.
L-L-L-London town!
Aint it the truth: RT : Do we all secretly not adore ramps but perpetuate some weird spring food fetishization of them each year?
#PlayingDoctor w/ = The only thing that could get me go to Buffalo in the winter ....
#NP J. Cole Friday Night Lights
well this kid is staying up!
Best gadget ever!
I love it when people talk about the singularity.
Why is my butt sore? Oh wait squads.
terry are we going to LMAO concert ? :)
teams work hard to maintain buses. If you have details: Rt#, location, time and bus number, we will look into it.
RT : Let's have sex likes we are playing tennis(:
ah ha, ok yeah it updated to my current networks that I have on web based hootsuite. Time to think about upgrading I suppose
Yay! So glad that you're apart of it. Nice to meet you on Mon -- see u tomorrow! - Anna Lyse
“: i don't remember ever NOT being skinny lmao” ugh youre beyond lucky
if my gram doesnt get out of my room im gonna snap the fuckk out!
Yes! Social Consciousness, not mere social work.
According to bay rap videos, youre not moving weight correctly unless you throw your money/drugs over a fence/wall.
We salute Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy on this day. Swing Phi Sisters #Live4Service 365 days of the year!
spending on war, yes, but they are certainly not pro-spending on Social Sec. gen Welfare, education, employment bens etc
I loved that book so much. Still one of my favs after many years.
Sweet dreams!
working, but also enjoying the 73 degree sunshine on the back deck.. spring is finally here!
nope I always thought Trace Cyrus was hot and still do(:
The text I woke up to >
The only reason I'm still here is because things keep getting in my way...
I fuck wit real niggas, real niggas do real things so if swish ain't fuckin wit ya, what do you think that mean?
Pull up on them bitches, get out, walk. Way too many hoes like i play golf
Probably at some point, but not right off the bat. Gotta figure out who the real players are ;)
was god RockStar :p
My clients crack me up
Well, what you waitin on? RT : Glad to be home! Gotta get alot of work in for next season.
oh relax already with all your "musical taste"
Any of you tweeps seen the picture of one face-off dot in each zone? Why don't you just completely f it up and make it like a soccer pitch..
the new mag. fields single makes me so fucking happy.
Happy first day of Spring! Let's hope it gets warmer and no more snow please
Does Brodeur have gout? They pulled him again
#Ravens week 11-13 is brutal. Pitt-> Fly cross country to play SD -> Pitt again.
Snuggling with Owen.. I might even try to finish Old World Blues tonight..
I can't hold back whats deep in my soul.
damn... i have a needle and the ring could we possible do it in the bathroom ? I wanna get this donee aha
LET'S DO IT .
And that being able to ask the right questions is probably one of the most valuable skills you can have.
i love to dance! clubbin!
“: Bynum could greatly benefit from going to see Olajuwon.” Kobe Did
Coffee & I are totally like "this" today *crosses fingers*.
Its a perfect day to get in some trouble
it's just very very itchy, but I heard that's a good sign. It means it's healing. Today I pushed myself a bit too much bc no one
How in the hell is the moon like peanut butter
I some how unfollowed ALMOST DIED but its okay....I fixed!! <3 <3
Note to self: Remove plant from behind monitor. At night it looks like someone is peering at me from behind my desk.
see me walk, see me FUCK, see me suck a lollipop... *slurp* M, wanna get MESSY.
hello I'm a big big fan and can u please follow me or tweet me back please it will mean the world to me :)
You are gorgeous and amazing!!! We had a great time last night...see you at the next #teenhoot!!
ifucking deleted my twitter , now Im back - Hi BRI !
Monetization. Culture change. Learning curve. Decision scope. Step change. Flex and increment.
Made the 5:04 train. I <U+2764> Express Trains!!
Wow just saw Graphic novel adaptations of The Boxcar Children.
Omg. Earthquake in crystal city
is it just me.. or looks super hot in his icon..
Enjoying my all day Sunday Christmas shows.
hahaha every joke i want to make is hypocritical //RT 1,729 emails opposing the tax on health club memberships. Incredible.
Light that baby up!! Halos get a W and Big Ervin gets back on track.
Just don't let Mrs POTUS plan the menu!
I love all my haters
I love that movie<U+2665>, I seen it before, Thanks! :3
i doubt it but its getting rough to watch. Id prefer stammen and keep clipp for 8th
ha right!
lol I was thinking about it, but i forgot to record it
Lets go thunder!
"Young Adult" lol
well I'm better at tests
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Plano!
The Packers will be on Vikings ASS next week!!!!
I will cry tomorrow at dance practice because I can't talk to
How many ways can I count the days, only 1 way - 14 days til Bonsallpalooza 2012...May 5th at Pala Casino
Another rainy day in Ohio. *Yawn* I'm going back to sleep.
Look, I am coming soon! My reward is with me, and I will give to everyone according to what they have done. -Revelation 22:12
Question from the couch: "Why are you tweeting so much?"
I WANT TO FUCK YOU!
Tensions running high - If they don't let us on the plane soon, might see what it looks like "When Hipsters Attack!"
Excellent, yes. I have a fantasy series coming out this month, so I'll be sending out a mail to potential reviewers soon.
Pandora got me on chill mode
scale of 1-10? 0 because it's meaningless now. Except for parties in Ari in Sep, NOLA in NOV, and TB in Dec!
Okay, I don't even think I need to join a sports team anymore. Walking up and down the stairs at my school is exercise enough..
I sense a new song? Maybe? ;)
#TONIGHT!!!: ClimaX Sundays - Hottest #Gay #Sunday Night Party in #SouthBeach!
Snaturally! RT : Phone autocorrects national mechanics to vaginal mechanics. So theres that.
Today was a regular day!
Just left the Boom Boom Room. Props 2 Simeon
Lol! How'd they get the keys?
Beautiful day in SF and I'm stuck inside doing online traffic school... Pretty much the last thing I want to be doing with my day grrrr
To quote #mrtony, "Good night, Canada."
RIP Melodie Wilson-- you will truly be missed!
So great to see my grad school pal Soumi today at (the grilled cheese was baller, too!)
"when he came out of his chloroform nap he found himself...dangling...over a cauldron of <em>boiling oil</em>, El Jefe standing nearby +
I know of SND's annual for newspaper design, but does anyone know of a good "best of" resource for newsletter design?
20% off your first order, coupon code "FIRSTORDER"
Waiting for my bestfriend, , in the locker room ;)
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried teens in TX rose 7 percent to over 44,000. Infant mortality rate was up 10 percent.
Sending you and Tamia a big Happy New Year be safe and enjoy!!!
I mean the rio or twin peaks and you can my meet my crazy friend from north Carolina
Curtis department is going there and they want him to go.
Outsourcing: all agree attys should have prospective duty to ensure competency of attys;disagree over post-work verifying
Today should be a good one.
Thanks for the RT Please pass along: 4wk beginner writing class, Tues nites, Feb Fun!
Regret is waking up and knowing u missed a new episode of #antiquesroadshow. One more reason to hate the BCS.
haha go for it !
I see your Imagination is all over the place my I dig it. Shows you hungry and being yourself.
I wanna be in my happy place; where i can fly over a rainbow, riding a unicorn and have pink cotton candy hair:) ya... Thats the life :D
I hate the fact we went to olive garden after 6 flags and we're starving and then my stomach starts to hurt and won't let me eat!! #WTF!!
I forget how many adorable old Ukrainian speed walkers there are in my neighborhood. I love them! Except they hate me. Sorry :/
fat mac is on a roll tonight
I played 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
where is the event?
tumblr got over board... so hello :D
I don't know what a smart boot is. Do those talk? They had white soles so I would say casual.
SAME HERE ! like might cry or go crazy or both ! they bettet not, for eveyones sake
Life is too short to care.
We'll have some outdoor tables in the summer, plus a great overwater crab deck! But our view has changed a little bit! :)
cant wait to see your next movie big fan
Love a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
tired....bout to take a power nap. birthday parties are a blast tho, so thank you and casey and hailey :)
Google plus. Google buzz. Google wave. I get them mixed up. #wha?
I am so there!
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F> Music
Thanks. That's the hope. Onward and upward.
Where do you find a virgin these days???
This is tweeting wit josh phn:)
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
That whole Willy Wonka story seems like it was written by someone who really hates children.
Attention seekers r always losers :)
RT : Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. ~Aristotle
Thanks for the inclusion in the #Genealogy Review.
GM Eric!
I am glad it's Friday baby!!
Weird calypso versions of donovan songs break my heart at karaoke, as always, nilsson mends it
having a final Friday sucks when it seems like everyone in your house is already drinking and going to the pool
RT : Grow it with the community ... start learning more by following #gardenchat <--- thank you!
Good dental health should begin at birth. After each feeding, gently wipe the baby's gums with a soft, clean and damp washcloth or gauze pad
that is funny... I close my eyes, but nothing happens.
so you know who is gonna die next o.O ?
Usher-Climax <3
Liking the Genesis framework from #Studiopress more and more for #WordPress development - and I seem to be doing a lot of WP sites lately
Headed to Gainesville
i remember at playlistlive you said youd follow me.. Still waiting.
realized the issue is on my end.
Off to last official committee mtg. This is shaping up to be a terrific event for a great cause. Hope you'll be there!
He took away pretty boy's bending oh wow
Why does it not feel like reading day?
agreed! would love to work with your organization in the future :)
“: The flu will knock u on ur ass! Ugh” Didn't you make fun of my pneumonia a few weeks back?
was this while we were waiting inside the room for Jessica to come out and start?? And was she black? Ha
Hey Madison peeps, I know someone looking for a manyonearketing or HR position here in town. Just a couple years out of college...
These should be good! San Diego auditions, here we go!
Time to plan a trip to vegas
Wish I had some Easter Sunday dinner
Dear LA city Parking enforcement. Thank you for your kind service to the community.
Great race this last weekend. Thanks Paddle Dynamics for getting everyone out on the water.
We're excited to see clarify his support for #marriageequality, which can benefit #LGBT individuals' and families' well-being.
hey did I miss anything in History & English? :)
Damn I wish they hurry up and see this lady
iknow , but i try not to tell myself that <3
told you I didn't die.
Muscle Milk is my go to at night.
I had a short story accepted! And tomorrow we're heading off on our trip to France! Life, you can keep on doin' what you're doin'.
In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk.
This is the MOST prim & proper bridal shower I've been to in a while, except everyone is sitting with their legs super uncrossed
Go vote for !! Austin , i know you're gonna win this one!
Hey u guys need to bring in for Spring Awakening!
Hop off my dick bro.
Man it feel like its been two months since I ain't had a phones but it's only two days
Collecting school supplies and backpacks for needy kids all weekend, come help and hang with us if u can www.963wdvd.com
I'm getting smarter, now every time I fart in the gym I make sure everyone's wearing headphones lol
Talking with #dickhaake about
Maybe that's why you have no girlfriends, because you "making friends" is you being a whore.
RT : Boutique crush: Dresses and purses and skirtts OH MY!
check out surrender tonight it's a new Thursday It's fall time Free admission just use my name Travis Sosa at the guestlist
Pageant Tip: Your interviews should be more like a conversation- unscripted.
I blame for us not being there tonight. RT $8 all you can eat buffet and cold beer specials for the game !
Thx for sharing. It's funny how we get so caught up in the never-ending debate of who's providing > value. Who cares?
Never underestimate the power of knowing who you are...it keeps you from settling for what you are not...
looks like another beat down in brewin at Fenway. Too bad it's the wrong team doing the damage.
my TiVo is full of Roseanne. I'm watching ballroom blitz now lol ;)
Wild Gems jewelry at St.Davids North in Austin today. Come by and see us!
got #ValLewton Horror Collection w/ Scorsese doc. true visionary & #horror prod. esp. w/ low $ - take notes filmmakers.
Congrats (and team) for a successful #SIC2011. Not easy to pull off that many moving parts. Well done.
Protesters in #Bahrain, attempting to reach #Lulu Square, chant "Down with Hamad" [King Hamad]
I'm actually pretty happy that we're not friends anymore. You're the biggest bitch/poser I've ever met.
Uncanny, wasn't it? Nice that they still hit it out of the park occasionally.
no problem :)
that's what we're going for!
Here's to you, guy with new, federal bailout-funded GM pickup truck with a Texas flag "secede" bumper sticker on the back.
And dumb fucks who don't realize it doesn't matter what he PERSONALLY believes. This issue will be handled at the state level.
If that's how you spell her name
All. Day. RT : new hall represent
The way I used to love you, Baby, that's how I hate you now.
Sometimes we wish we wouldnt be too happy with what is temporary becus we dont ever want to need something that we know we cant have forever
Enjoying Nashvegas with
Tomorrow is friday!
Why is everyone so hard on me?! I try the best I can, I'm fucking tired of everyone putting me down
I'm new to Fassbender appreciation, but have been a fan of Armitage for a long, LONG time. Definite winner for me.
Yup yup. Sometime today or tomorrowish.
Wow! You were in Hollywood and I was in Greece!! (with no internet). How was the finale of the show?
and I being dumb and hitting each other with rubber bands in history today xD lmao #GoodTimes (': <3
thank you sir check out our music www.wesofreshrecords.com and follow &
Bro as long as we believe that we can achieve our dreams, we'll make itt,, believe that..
Heading off to set up for the San Francisco History Expo at the Mint. See you all there!
Just saw bridesmaids with and So good, so good.
New shirt and bow for Derby party tonight!
Decisions, decisions.... Who to vote for at #ignitedetroit ??
Post an ad on Craigslist
chunky had a half glass
MLK Day of Service - Hands on Atlanta volunteering this morning!
<U+200E> : Hey Madelyn; follow me here at Happy Tweeting!
A Beginner's Guide to Paid Search - Search Engine Watch
“: Too much low intensity cardio slows down your metabolic rate over time. Shown in several studies” Great info!
So great meeting you in person today my friend!
What do you call two mexicans playing basketball? Juan on Juan. Ha
Got 32 Flavaz And I Bet They All Taste Good.
My room is all f'ed up... I hate that I can't sleep unless it is in order... Now I must clean when I really just want to pass out
BTGamesStores Did I see that right, The Witcher 2 stock has arrived? That means it will be available on Tuesday?.
heard it all lol
yikes! Never had one myself - but have watched a loved one go through it and i literally thought they were having a heart attack
fresh #conchsalad at #coco's on #eluethra. Beautiful day. I am full, now time to sleep.
We're always open to suggestion in the hockey development department
The world would be a better place if everyone treated hearts and relationships like they are glass.
we finally got a twitter!
is @ eLCC's web 2.0 conference @ DU in a session on twitter (how meta)
you guys doing Danny James' "Pear" on lp?!
": Good morning gotta look for a mothers day gift for my mommy :)"
hey u Everything's been good I can't complain
Happy birthday ! 23 years...I've enjoyed em all.
We're happy to be running an ad from Broadview Press in the new issue. Click through and browse their great catalogue!
haha I LOVE how much you have been tweeting today. Love you
nope. We had a bunch of tickets and anth left them on a table and they were gone when we came back
...maybe we should start a band
just heard "Man in the Mirror"....lol reminded me of you..haha
Wow you guys have impressed me with 25 followers in the last 12hr! If we can get up to 200 by Friday I'll do a drawing for something epic!
sounds like an excellent plan
I just remebered lol I'm off tomorrow:) yayy
A trip to Classen Curve :-) // RT : How would you complete this sentence? "My favorite part of Mother's Day was __________"
Awe My Brother Is Receiving His First Communion He Looks So Handsome:)!
loves DjVenus!! I miss you baby!! Keep doin what you do cause one day your going to do it in chicago! With me
1896 - 1st horseless carriage show in #London. It featured 10 models.
The internet informs me that a "Cafeteria Plan" has nothing to do with cafeterias. That certainly made for an awkward recs mgmt discussion.
My book chapter is finished and has survived the editorial process. Next step, book proofs sometime at the end of they year! (^V^)/Wo0t!
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
He might have 2 miss some of game! RT how are we going to keep B up to watch the #Badgers? What a long day in the hotel for
OOOMMMMGGGG at my new hot follower being a nurse :O!
Reviewing student GIS Analysts' applications for our #SummerofCode. Some really good stuff. Tough competition. Tough decision!
NC State Basketball: Wolfpack Need to Sign Amile Jefferson - Bleacher Report
Perhaps, someday. (all electronic devices be surrendered until the photo viewing has ended, no exceptions)
Im feelin good and good is feelin me too
This is juss not my daay.
for my BHL colleagues: “: Reprinted public domain books iffy. Bought Cardozo's Judicial Process. Facsimile very faint Unusable.”
saturday's supposed to be 22 celsius and sunny out.
Nice to see you again Alexa :)
My immediate response was "someone's been messing around with Firebug".
Nathan's birthday is on Saturday!<3
no chance. He's done
Good luck tomorrow and have fun with the meds.
Just finished a great day of map work for
Hi honey!
BREAKING: Downtown stabbings took place inside admissions office of Miami-Jacobs Career College, police say.
Yes! GM! RT Good morning, grateful for a new day. :)
: Now following
Every college coach has made it a bizz when they all started taking millions a year in salary.
So glad you share my enjoyment of all things twisted ;-)
RT : Love is taking a few steps backward to give way to the happiness of the person you love. Winnie the Pooh
Still working VERY HARD on our NEW site and very exciting summer launch. Please stay tuned, Thanks, Maine Global
Marathon studio session?
McSwain is GOOD people and his guitars are wicked. Love the small world that is LA
#snapplefacts Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Is surround sounds to audio the equivalent of 3D to video?
hey if you want you can stuff it in my mailbox im not going to be around
i wish school ended at like 5th grade :)
I just remembered I have a final at 5:30! I don't think our nail date is gonna work out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Anybody like King Conquer?
We would love to have it up, It's a good opportunity. If you could put a copyright next to your name that'd be god for your safety.
God Morning fantastic people!! Blessings upon your Monday!
Made my night <3
how was it??
Night my followers. Ill tweet more tomorrow. See you (:
is the best music blog on the interwebz. It's REALLY just that simple!
“ Where the hell is the Business Building on UT campus lol???” Did you find it?
Thanks for the #mustfollow. Best wishes to you and your family. :-)
Hm interesting...
RT : song with B.O.B. now playing. Tweet back and tell us what you think of it? -Woody &amp; JIm
because I fucking despise you! what you did to me? makes me wanna fucking throw up! I never wanna look at you! nor' ----
I can respect that.
I'm so sleepy
Count me IN. I'll do anything to see my boyfriend Leo on the big screen. RT um titanic 3D wed?
movie in the park
thanks. what are they looking for?
I Wished I Could Get An Autograph Of You.!<3
Happy Friday everyone!
The husband is golfing; kiddo is bouncing around on inflatables. Later I get to grocery shop. Life is good....for them.
Custard: A detestable substance produced by a malevolent conspiracy of the hen, the cow, and the cook. ~Ambrose Bierce
How are the new shoes working out for you?
May the 4th be with you.
don't you even know me??? I don't use cream, 1 sweet n' low and that is all!
": Thank you." No prob
im out of creamer. half & half isnt really half breastmilk & half semen is it? im almost sure thats an urban legend but its not on snopes.
Don't*
n e weekend
Goalie match-ups remain the same - Scrivens to start for the #Marlies, Leggio for the
thanks bro. No i have not. Was going to try taurine
Here we go!
hey. are you ok? we've never talked but youre obviously really upset. im here to help or listen, if you want. <3 stay safe.
oh fun(:
Ok Michelle, I believe you Luv. Xoxo
#AirBnB/ Vayable party. Then on to #Zaarly. The night has begun...cheers!
T-minus one day til our Skype Prophetic Activation.
TITANS GLOBAL SUPPORT at TITANS GLOBAL ... - My Davao Jobs
Sounds yummy! Have fun =)
pissed off again!
Calling all aspiring models! are looking for ya! Come show us what ya got from 2-3 pm !
I haven't, but I love her so I'm excited to see the show. :D So happy I got tickets.
Buongiorno, Twitter famiglia. Yep, starting a class in Italian today :)
Why does Deadspin's mobile site keep redirecting to the desktop version? Other Gawker media sites are not doing this.
i feel so freakin mean... but um yeah
Our shower has been dripping for a week...Plumber was a no-show last night. Sorry rainforests!
.....everybody knows discharge is natures back up lubricate..everybody knows that, right?
has she ever been bullied? If so, does she have any advice for other kids?
wild boar is delish!
THATS NOT A GOOD CALL
Justin sucks live....:O & in everything else.
Good Night
We have to prepare people for careers, not just jobs. Today's job may not exist tomorrow. Ryan Hoyle, GalaxE.Solutions
Admit when you're wrong. Say sorry when you hurt somebody.
My ass is about to fall off...
thanks man for the s/o! If you want to grab anything, use code SENDIT. Free shipping on all US orders.
PickUpLine: Smash an ice cube and say, "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
Trivia time! Tomorrow marks the anniversary of the opening of what famous European landmark?
well welcome back home my friend!
Amen to that. If I can't find you on the interwebs, I am instantly suspicious.
"What rhymes with I HATE THIS %^@<ing DARE RIGHT NOW?" (frustrated moment of #dareproject chatter...)
I LOVE how the Ravens season just ended in MAY....bye bye T. Sizzle, bye bye LMFAO <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Drunk yet? ;)
the link was on erik's twitter but he took it down.
Or is this inception and in fact you are not?
Boutta go to open gym
I just woke up, I gotta see if my baby girl str8
Now. You're. Talking.
You might...
I like the new jerseys, but can we please pull out a win in them? Go Romo!
Final: Dallas 56-Millsaps 55 in OT! Outstanding game by both teams. Our guys played very hard!
I can't wait to see hair cut tomorrow ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : #foursquare could really create some massive value by donating it's POI database to OSM, creating an open ID standard…
I also want to go :(
You're 16. You should be picking out prom dresses, not baby names.
I get to meet this week and next week a dream come true !!!
Thank you! Yay!
good, then I'll recycle that notion at once ;-)
I am made up of alter egos
Dear my neighborhood: It's 65 degrees and sunny. Put the knit caps away.
Love this tweet!!
Pandora has unlimited listening from now on. INTERESTING. Finally. Now it's time to get International!
Regardless of how things go down..life moves on..am I right?
fuck a laker and a thunder
My point: Lofton was very similar to Raines in *their* era; neither were under-appreciated. Your hostility speaks volumes.
I had no idea the band Sleigh Bells existed. And what were they doing on SNL, other than sucking?
Mo Vaughn hot dog eating contest.
The crazu hat lap just started!
Illinois can't afford the money to print the words "insurance exchanges" on an inkjet printer.
Sirius Black: If anyone's got a right to know it's Harry. If it wasn't for him we wouldn't even know Voldemort was back! He's not a child.
Beth Downs' site is coming along beautifully. Her site is going to be sophisticated & lovely, a reflection of her style & creativity.
actually getting a drink in the VIP by sahara
Hi Tim, Praying for you!
Dad, it mow appears, is probably not the guy to send for multiple generations worth of Mother's Day cards.
Not sure if I can get into Game of Thrones; #SPOILER one too many adorable dire-wolf puppies met death or uncertain fate in first two eps.
Great job by charlotte rogan at #aapdebut #pla12! Next up wiley cash
To swallow and follow, whether ord doctrine or new propaganda, is a weakness still dominating the human mind.
I remember #whenitwascoolto be on someone's top friends list
I think Yankee Candle needs to invent a "steakhouse" scented candle. m
Lol I don't normally eat "ships" neither ;)
GOOD MORNING MAMAB! THANKS FOR HAVING GREAT KIDS! THEY ROCK!
": Speaker didn't show for a workshop..Ended up teaching the whole thing...:) Always green light.. #NRB12". Well done, A.
Atlanta has some amazing homes.
Well, guess someone wasn't really paying very close attention, eh? Makes sense for Twitter revenue.. Maybe I need some candy...
that's what I'm talkin bout! I'll be here all summer. Come with perri when we get back from the Bahamas
2 weeks more, tahfidz exam: Al-Mumtahanah until An-Najm . and now, i haven't finish memorizing An-Najm yet. i'm stressed
Hooray! RT : making TweetDeck more consistent with Twitter.com & Twitter's mobile apps, we're removing deck.ly from our apps
Submit your unpublished stories (8,000 word max) to our annual Fiction Contest by Jan. 15!
I need a hero.
Like a cross between rabbit and calamari. Weirdest part: saw these up close in Everglades earlier today. Less scary on a plate.
Is it wrong that I think I support that goal?
": if u have swag i suggest u get away from me unless u want me to kick u in the esophagus"
What does your list look like?
Very shaky start for Higuera. Walks the leadoff man, gives up two singles and two runs. Early 2-0 hole to the Mariners.
Haa Gozi wudup!! What's the latest in your world? You know how I roll. 's "Exhibit F" in the headphones. Hustle
Enjoying my day off. Feels nice.
So cool how one random post can be encouraging to someone else, God works in awesome ways. Hope you have a great week as well!
#Foxtrot is great technology for revenue cycle management. Data maintenance in core systems is automated which saves time and makes money.
What the heck bro
Could be a multiple race weekend...hoping my right calf will hold up!
Have a hippity hoppity Easter Darlings, and a very Peaceful Passover!
At the same damn time.
I feel like some drop the sidewalk on my shoulders
how are you
Sorry to hear you have the JG Wentworth ads in Canada. I like the opera on the bus one though.
I love great posts too! :)
Hey, who needs a Fair Pay Act, if there is no fair pay problem?
it doesn't always come easy, i put time in
Clearing the space for a new beginning: A creative and financially blessed overflowing oasis.
Happy Birthday to my favorite Gronk of them all, ps- he's the cutest too ;)
Tere Macris and Opal Jones, you are so wonderful! Thank you so freaking much for rocking our world!!! We love you!
Only on song 3 and Im still in lubbock
Playing MW3 Crushing The Enemy
Yeah well he's Oden's friend, still he got him to open up in a way no one else has.
I didn't go home with them so I didn't know bubba was missing hahaha
Lolsx Me Miss U Too
Apparently my campus has its own meth lab. Who knew?
Thank goodness for #traderjoes lobster bisque!! Saved my day!! With a pretzel roll, makes the world feel alright.
Car Rides without Music = AWKWARD
OMG! I lost a day! I kept thinking it was Wednesday! Silly rabbit!
Damn 2k servers down. Guess not
McCain could do MUCH worse than Ed Harris (portraying him) in 'Game Change' - Julianne Moore superbly awesome as Sarah P
I try. I mean I'm hitting you up right now que no lol :b
yeah we should :] and no biggie, how was your birthday?
RT Call upon Me in the day of trouble; I shall rescue you, and you will honor Me." (Psalm 50:15 NASB)
we can only hope :)?
I hope that hashtag goes viral
Rick manages HubSpot's blog, community, and content creation efforts
I Think Should Come Out With A New Mixtape
OPENING DAY CINCY REDS/LOUISVILLE BATS....SIT BACK AND ENJOY!!!
wow I totally forgot to mention how great MSNBC #TrashInc was last night. A great view of the waste industry and its potential.
I woulda got you one girl!
will be keeping you in my thoughts for a speedy and FULL recovery :-)
im watching a john cusack movie
When you text me acting like we're fine and nothing happened <<<<
Gotta get 40 signatures from the freshman class
If I am a renter and can't install a home charger, does that mean I still have to pay $80/mo just to use public stations?
#pleasenote... In Santa Monica, if a parking garage says "FULL" it will always have about 20 spaces available.
Happy Valentine's Day <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
Better than you? No. Equally good. Not that it matters, because I'm never traveling again - I feel HORRIBLE today.
back from lunch and it is quiet! maybe i'll get some work done.
Basic Insight and Guidance | Medical
Ai Weiwei was heard shouting "I RULE!" when he heard the news from Art Review. And doesn't "Power 100" sound like a radio station?
feel me!
n proud of it!
Thanks brotha', I'm just trying to be like Lenny, I wanna be, I wanna be like Lenny.
clearly they were imported from Chicago
#tragedy RT LAST OAKLAND LUNCH TODAY! Soldiers&Sailors, 11-2
But that doesn't mean we can try, right?
Family, Health, Wealth and Prosperity
thank you, darling! <3
I Hate Watching Anime And Being Completely Lost .-.
you missed the miz
Made myself some breakfast for dinner
Breaking out. This ish is for the birds.
Was he actually touched or did he flop like he did against Mike Scott in C'ville?
Does Justin go to school?
I freaking love Dr. Bailey.
Beautiful morning for an Inauguration
Taylor i love your voice and you songs!!!! <3 :) I love your song "Back to December!!!!" It's my favorite song of yours!!!!!!!!
Some exciting Halloween news, soon...
#reenvisioningnagel How much of an implementation dip can we handle?
The liitle bro is a college grad!!!!! So proud!! Now let's go !!!
#rephrased i dont see how girls can settle for being the jump off.... *cough* if the guy isnt rich as fuck *cough*
I don't use it, but always get sad when I read about a pot raid. We should be billing growers for water, energy, taxing it, spreading peace.
ah gotcha!
hey u should follow me:D
I am loving this idea. Let's make it happen!
Dat man had a long nose on dat guitar
tryna swoop.. boof on the way down
Late night tacos, a little more internet, then off to bed.
I think Sunday sales of alcohol in GA is convenient, but I could understand where the family of an alcoholic would see it as a disaster >_<
Oh you're naturally beautiful? Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
RT come in these neck of woods an get lost now
Merkel and Lagarde, better watch your back. After dumping Krawcheck & Bartz these guys might think: we stupid white men can fix our own mess
Wow that's gay.
lol then how you got it?
thanks Dee
Had a great time tonight.
Thanks so much and and !!!
over the last week, i've been amazed at how many people don't adjust their outdoor clothing on the fly. scarves & hats in the sun...
Still a little mad over last nights lose...but the Steelers will bounce back and beat those rat birds when it matters most
I really miss my #twitterless cousins. I need my dose of Sweezy ASAP.
thank you.
Getting ready to present Twitter 101 at #nelsym12. If you are a librarian, please say hello!
awesome pizza lunch ... missed & terribly. next time!
TGIF! Remember to do a good deed for someone today!
you damn right
hey, i'm doing that right now (21 day)! last week of it
We met with David Kirian & Steve Michna at "Think Office Interiors" yesterday. What a great show room they have, & how much better w/plants!
Bored out of my mind... Lol I need saving.
hahah everyone would be like where the fuck is this yarn coming from?!
amen brotha, represent
come stop by the Zagat lounge tomorrow! We'll have live music and great prizes!
Thanks for the RT
Hey how are you?
You're so cheesey but I totally love it
LALALALALA. I can't hear you!!!!!
Hey , haven't heard back from you, I know you're busy, but I was hoping we could plan something for this weekend.
I can't wait to see you on friday!!!! It's going to be AWESOME!!!!!!
miss you more
Yes, I can see the events, but it takes a long time to load on the page.
nah. That was the best. Helped they were the cheapest. Haha
Love the idea of "multi-millenial" efforts around the globe, "chemically lucky" mediums and reaching beyond our known comprehension.
So Kindergartners in Germany receive massages and pedicures to relieve stress....what kinda stress can a 5 year old really have?
My oh my Zac Efron. You have come a long way since High School Musical. #drooling #DidISayThatOutLoud?
Thanks for the Rts & mentions! Feliz Thursday!
Oh bummer. But rest assured we're working hard to get it back and in better shape!
This is why Dems lose. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz? Obama stumping for Barrett? Not going to happen. Get Craig Gilbert on show.
He looks nice with his hair down ;)
so true
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Do you think you'll have time to help with my deck design in next 2 weeks? OK if no. Just need to keep moving. good luck in chi!
RT you okay ?? <~~ what shall I do now that ur graduating who shall worry about me now :(
Just got to work. Forgot my wristwatch today. Feelin naked. Gonna be a long day.
Angry Birds > Stupid Nerds
one word too many! fail whale
Couldn't help but notice last night in your preview that your "three curiosities" were all foreigners. U-S-A! U-S-A!
There is ONE and only ONE chick in Vegas that DEFINITELY does not EVER wanna meet me. And she probably doesn't even know who I am. Smdh.
Wow I didn't realize you we're gay until you snapped at me like that.
The workshop was intense! But useful. Apparently, tape as an archival storage medium is dead. Virtually obsolete.
Happy National Animal Cracker Day!
True, but I'm obsessing anyway! I hope you hear something soon!
#Orioles now headed 2 extra innings tied at 4.
Anybody who doesn't know what soap tastes like never washed a dog. ~Franklin P. Jones
GO BIG. OR GO HOME.
Are there #edchat equivalents/analogues in Spanish? (Preparing to present to 200 teachers in Mexico City next week). ()
Which means she knows nothing about baseball. Perfect. RT : This woman says she's a Yankees fan, the first in this jury pool.
how u find me on here
: question from #English569 poetry collection team: one interviewee has a penchant for "colorful" language. will DALN take it?
Link Autism Leadership now has its own YouTube channel. Stay tuned for our upcoming presentations.
Watching lockup #TV (:
This girl at my church this morning looks JUST like !!
you had me at 'hello
From the wiki it said I needed permission, but it works from your tweet. thanks!
“ “ Twitter is a site that NEVER sleeps.””
Answer: Biggie. RT Huge argument take jay-z's top 25 songs vs tupacs whos the #1 rapper of all time?
Portrait Tip: Don’t Fill the Frame
<<< Drink Vodka?
just a lil humor from the poorside of town :D didn't mean to offend ~~~~rich
There's not much better than going to bed at same time and getting to sleep 5 hrs longer than night before...maybe a #Braves championship
whoa, that's a biggie. I remember my nerdgasm when I first got to go into the CCLA server room as a intern
New life plan: Run, coffee, lay in grass in sun, sleep, repeat.
happy mommys day to you too! :)
can i rant? please?
r u finally announcin the #1 girl tour plz say yes ???
I will, Thanks! RT Good luck with your new blog. Tweet when it's up!
In 1993 the Antelope Valley conducted its first #homeless count.
LMFAO i played that beat over and over to tons of people everybody said you suck !
Thank you, stay classy! lol
Danielle Aubert presents a series of photos documenting places she has slept in day by day.
Damn sinus headache all weekend sudafed isnt helping not something stronger. Nice win ND lax.
I've been told not to take a charter school job. Why are these so bad? Please explain!
I've been through hell and back for you and you STILL don't care! Why..WHY? Do I still love you? Why? Wats with you thats make me love you.?
Check inside and see what it says! My money's on cinnamon!
I think it would be very handy if Linkedin would allow me to set up some sort of alert when someone from a specific industry joins. Or give…
And #DerekJeter ties it up with a huge blast to left!
your alma mater needs your manhelp. Our Live Cheer Squad @ the OldSpiceClassic cheers for the team with the most tweets.
Or go to nature and take mushrooms.
I hear ya'. It's the 1st app I've ever paid for. Plus why would u want to pay for me to sink your ships all day? #baiting u
Remember when christmas gifts used to be fun....then your parents got cheap as you got older.
Trey Songz Is So Hott, I'd Tap that XD
Skandal () & The Mad Frog bring you The Real Open Mic Night right now and Every Tuesday. Now on USTREAM too.
thanks stinker;) I love you. happy sunday!
Truthfully, I never regret starting a day off with barre, even if it's tough to actually get out of bed.
lmao "can you handle it " lmao hahaha you still sick bros lmao
PBR Street Gang, this is Almighty!
Travis Pastrana would be in fontana right now...#hatemylife):
Please don't. PR can be nice, but your actual self is so much more interesting.
Give peace a chance this holiday season. Wear your World Piece shirt. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Tough Mudder in Seattle in September! Putting together a Wired Waffles Team! contact us if you are interested!
Looking forward to all the fabulous promise of a sunny weekend! Don't disappoint
Thankful to be over the flu, and that it's so nice and pretty outside!
Damn twitter told one me I told him I was sleep and he text me an said he see me on twitter... lmmfao!
Ugh can you father my children please?
vinyl would be RAD.
shit they only weak if they ain't extra ordinary
Always moving forward.
#thatawesomemomentwhen your LBD is too big for you :-) :-) :-)
the people or the place lol?
I need 72 followers to make it to 300 please follow me!!!
Beyondthescoreboard.net Kobe if anything has more to do this year cause he won't be getting the support he had from odom and brown
about to answer 31 questions on a book i've never opened...
"shrimp screaming" LMFAO!
Okay let me stop with the lunch tweets.
Wonder what ever happened to those crazy karate kids from the original #PowerRangers???
Way to go unclerush keep on doing for the communities
its hot! finally turned off the dryer and trying to tie things up to get out for the weekend . . .
One geek (me) and enroute to the
That'd be real cool. I'll be in Roma though
Dentist viset went okay...except for the part I need all four of my wisdom teeth pulled out on the same day...but I dont have any cavitys!
You asked me to promise you, & I did. I plan on keeping the promise unless you don't want me to. It's your choice.
Enjoy the weekend!
"ed where have you always wanted to live?" "near a mailbox eddy!"
If I were in the #hungergames, I'd like to think i'd finish around 6th or 7th. Maybe top 5.
Out in 69th. Min cash.
Sure. Go for it.
I can't be the only person in the world that wants to club baby seals every time I hear Tracy Wolfson say 'coach', right?
so u taken me out this weekend
Purchasing PLR products are great for creating your own product & brand - make sure you add your own flair to it.
Its not funny
Image: "Indians" folder at Patten Free Library, Bath, Maine, 2011: "like a 'White People' folder."
Xo RT : Just landed in sunny LA to hear new on 98.7. Atta boy
4 locations in 4 days. It's good to be busy!! #Buffalo #NewJersey #NorthCarolina #Chicago what what?!
For me, depends on the style. Curly, everyday. Straight... I won't say ;)
Ha I love your profile picture! x)
My baby girl is kickin butt at Exeter! B U T T.
You have no hat. You are a hat. Your mom's a hat (Sorry Krister's mom).
this. If I have a good signal, I have great battery life. If I don't, it can drain in a few hours.
So, I saw Hunger Games last night with Was entertained! And guess what? I'm on Team...Katniss. She bats for my team, right?
Been there, done that!
I literally LOVE Drake.
Not even if there were some bbq sauce available?
In 2011 for someone to be killed by the state when there is this much doubt is barbaric. I wonder what SCOTUS saw that I cannot.
10 Billion web Videos watched in August 2011 online. 52% of all web traffic is video. There are 600,000 people in Boston. Who does the work?
Gee. Wonder how many nitwits are going to go out and fire shots into the air tonight?
AT HM..GONNA HIT DA ISLAND!SWEET ISLAND..
In Chicago all these bitches BANGIN
had a fun day wit my lil self taught on a board brother im so happy
ohh pshh, I knew that. :P
and are such good teammates to go and support on #DWTS!!
Hahah OMG. And yes! Let me know next time you're in NYC.
im trynna think of a name for my mix tape. How about ”2 + 2 = shut the fuck up lol
Such a wonderful, happy day. I am very proud.
Lunch with Best of Cville real estate winner, Bob Hughes, who had great ideas for S&B. The wisdom of champions. Well picked
back to Walmart for a 3rd time
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2: The First Must-Have Android Tablet
DBOX is a motion theater. The seats move during action scenes.
Not SKINNY enough. Not FUNNY enough. Not NORMAL enough. Not PRETTY enough. That feeling "SUCKS" :/
RT : Why go premium? E. Fernández compares API Thread w BlueRodTM Thread. Less stress & fatigue
Did anyone know it's all-star weekend?? No wonder they r last in major sports popularity. Skills competition was a joke.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.-Napoleon Hill
Good night world
Make sure and follow here on Twitter, I'll owe you one...
In 1996 saw the Packers kill Chargers by 30. Seau played as hard in 4th quarter as 1st.
We look forward to connecting with y'all as well! You are one talented person, keep at it!
RT : Amazed that all people upload videos from their bedrooms to YouTube w/o cleaning first. Your mom's probably pissed, bro.
Social contract
Alright Joba, the flat bill was cool when you didn't suck
The games comment is dead on. Wish more games work was on seeing what makes games tick & using that know-how in education.
Did you know the Library offers a pre-school story time for kids on Tuesday's? 10:30-11:00am in the Children's Room!
who are you i dont even know i dont listen to your music duhh........(what an idoit) :-!
Elbow did not come up. Head was not targeted. <shrug> bad call.
I think the final two are Aubrey and Clay. I wonder if I said Aubrey first as a hunch? hm...
Hopefully ill get a goodluck kiss tomorrow from my crush. :) i think ill just move to the lips
tribal belly dance class is #canceled this thursday but come out for Impulse Hip Hop :30 and Animated Hip Hop :30
Very useful ecomm, social commerce, and UX tweets over at -- our active account -- pls unfollow here and follow us there!
Won't be on twitter for 2 weeks.. Have fun lol
I'm 5 deep in Two Hearted. No work tomorrow so I'm good!
for sure... I can't wait until tomorrow man the haven't played since last Monday
Merry Christmas from australia my ice cream eating friend! xx
": Remember... It's not what you give up for Lent, but what you take on". Good stuff Mario!
holy shoulder pads, batman!
Kinda unnerving/exciting to hear people on the radio talking about the article you're not quite done writing.
He who lives in memories alone is unaware of where he is.
Thanks for the support bro!
Not a good day AT ALL, but I'm going to try and look at the positive & see how that goes<U+263B>
Would you like to receive WasteCap's newsletters + email updates? Send an email to w/"subscribe" in the subject line
you should be able to make it and be home in time for your 11:59 curfew Cinderella...lol.
I swear, if it comes down to another Hail Mary...
happy born to my bruh have a great day
Awesome #tweetup, guys! #iug2012 time to read H Mankell ebook before drifting off.
MTV Movie Awards Make Bad Move by Cutting Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson from Best Performance Categories
"We have a commander-in-chief who's a community organizer."-Amy Holmes Republicans hate organizers but love hate groups
Fomstack impromptu dinner? I'm in.
Checked out your review site. Great job Love it!
Half smoke time! Peter Smith is showing us how to make D.C.'s best half smoke at 1:05 pm. Come to the DIY Salon on the field!
How often does being friends with ur ex really work?....
when will you know when it is?
get something eposicapl, lee, furr, some school needs you to start a dynasty
That didn't even take as long as I thought! Dang.
Dang it! Hurry up light!!!
God i feel bad.
It's time for Smash! , you watching?
I thought you were 20
Wake, Thank, Wash & Bake!
broken tiny url?
“: D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention.”
Looking at all these houses makes me excited for a change
What was the best prize you ever won in your life?
It was what I woke up to...xD I wonder how many other people dream about me D:
Isn't that a wonderful moment, qhen a groom first sees his bride?
Phone vibrated , but dont feel like lookin at it lbs
Waka Flocka Flame links up with Trey Songz and puts out the visual to "I Don't Really Care," his newest single off Tripl
Haters gonna hate....and Lovatics well we'll just keep being awesome. ;)
#YouKnowYourHigh when a friend pushes you onto the ground (accidentally) and you hit your head off the ground HARD And Laugh About It
I feel like a slag for buying the boy's birthday cake instead of lovingly crafting one from scratch.
Research has shown that conservationism is the easy route for those lacking mental skills. Plus they scare easy.
ok. I'll let you know.
congrats!!! wow, right on time! happy 111111!
Bring on this 15 hour day! #excited!
what kind?
Yes today will be a great day time to.go cook sum breakfast
Ok I like her again she didn't tell the truth to the mom dukes hehe...she still suck for judging
Go Pack!! Undefeated baby!! LOL!
Israelis always do their best to achieve success. If you push them to fight then you will get an all-out war. No surprise there.
I would love 2 see a ground war between GSP and Ben Askren BUT I don't think Ben Askren can take GSP down in a MMA fight I really Don't!!!
Thank you for the follow! I look forward to learning more about your initiative and attending the conference.
this smell is so unpleasant ! killing my nose !
#HappyBirthdayBerryGordy Congratulations :D
come to me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090>
I should be put in charge of date night more often. This is fun!
hahahahaha!!! love it!...I was thinking of giving up women! dating...too much of a hassle. better off working on me! lol!
I wish dad had just let me go to mom's.
Surprised unserialize( $history->getChanges() )->content worked considering if( empty( $obj->method() ) doesn't. Seems similar concept
Hmm that piercing wasn't as bad as I thought it would be
Room to myself
All Florida lawyers who seek to follow me, will be BLOCKED until Title II ADA for Autism training is mandatory in the Florida Bar / Courts
Thanks for the RT ladies! Have a great week!
dang that thing looks so badass! I miss jammin bro!!
ciao thank you! Xoxo
PUT THE PIPE ON HER SHE CALL ME LONGTIME
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. ~Victor Frankl
Don't be afraid. Bet on yourself.
#NP <U+266C> 'Rock Creek Park' - The Blackbyrds <U+266A>
Thursday morning I will be presenting a discussion of option and compliance issues to the Nonprofit Fiscal Managers Association.
Dis mofo pissed because I forgot their birthday!!! We speak every damn day & not once was it mentioned! Smdh... Not my fault dumb ass!
#workingonmydayoff always fun
ppfffffffffft. The state of Kansas does not like VCU.
RT : Eagles announce single-game seats for 2011 sold out in less than an hour <Wow, looking dangerous this year too>
74 this morning I'm Dallas. Welcome relief.
the past is the past, let it stay there.
Thanl goodness there's a half day of school today
Rest in peace everybody we lost in this world. I guess we all gotta go one day.
Paris, Texas.
can someone please explain to me the little boxes inside the tweets?
Lmao i Will when Jesus comes
&#39;If You Can Run A California Household…&#39; | Thousand Oaks CA Mxi ...
Thank you so much for doing that!
Do you judge people at the bar by the kind of beer they're drinking?
dm me your number....my phone is al bad right now
what, was that TMI?! i can never figure out this social media thing.
Good luck on your fundraising! GKTW is a great organization. We volunteer and fundraise for this great organization!
Watching the rock this movie good af
thanks u too!! And of course I'm always helpin u get more followers!!! I'm even tryin to get u to 4,000!! #SmallFryArmy !!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more HRs in his past 17 at-bats (8) than all but 10 other players have all season.
So cold waiting for bus my earbud cord froze stiff
Built-in pool...in the basement? if you don't mind swimming in rusty sediment.
Lil b is the worst rapper alive
#fridayreads been reading Lesbian Nation by Jill Johnston (RIP); Brunelleschi's Dome by Ross King and 10 for Everything by Rachel Kann
Tomorrow is national hiring day
I have a question! The drums on the new AA! song and the MTH song, are they all 100% real? Or are they samples of the kit?
So all you mermaid fans looking at NaLee hope you get a copy and tell your friends about it!!
The four previous entries are from chapter 8- "Stone in a Sling: A soldier's Journey." SaM
Merry Christmas Lorelei!!!
Very passionate plea. It's amazing he kept it together and didn't break down.
lol I'm fine thanks, supposed to be doing HW lol
I'm impressed that you watch The Bachelor. You're officially every woman's dream!
Just finished water change on my saltwater fish tank
"No event is predestined. Any given event can be changed not only before and during but after its occurrence." Jane Roberts/Seth
Things I hope are slowly starting to move forward.. I just hope they keep rolling and get better.
best book i have ever read
UhOh justin a Boy Are Kidding Of You His Twitter name is justin_bieber
The quote is "Children are our future." The reverse is also true, "We are our children's future." Look for more info on how to do this . .
This whitegirl is in a race by her self bc there is only a handful of BlackMen i wld want in my life anyway. You can have them & the low GDP
really hope can start his junior tennis season today.
harry potter marathon. c':
Justice, round two, in June. Must start hoarding glow sticks and perfecting my D.A.N.C.E. moves.
City BBQ, today i have an excuse to eat whatever.
EERRRRRRG!!! *noise at beginning of song*
Follow us on twitter:
Cough syrup drinking game?
I wish the mind had an off switch, so when you're thinking about something so much it hurts, you can just stop.
The same :(( hate school so much </3. what are you up to?
If they kill Holder, I will be pissed!
Text Adri just sent me >>>>>>>
Fuck wit me
Lawrence Mishel of is beginning keynote on confronting long-term #unemployment and the changing labor market
First 2 mile walk of the day...check :-D
Where do you see Brockers going? Late 1st? Looks as though he could play both the 5-technique in 3-4 or DT in 4-3. Agree?
Happy Mothers Day to all you #DodgerFam moms out there!
HARRY STYLES!
15mbs rolling down the highway on my #iPad on #AT&T LTE! Love it!
#NYR taking one out of Karlssons book. 4th man up ice your thoughts
tell me what you think when you see it
Pollack says the disclosures form the foundation for our society to do a better job of educating citizens about finances
Whoa! Nice socks. Red Sox meet Redskins?
I didn't want to give him an excuse to keep talking to me but my heart said hell yeah.
my pleasure, love reading your tweets.
I wish I could go back in time...to when I was happy lol
Thanks so much! This is an in-house favorite as well.
Hanging out with scarlett night and lexi:)
It is Liverpool Jim's B Day today. Friday, Dec. 30 145pm Liverpool vs Newcastle United
dude i cant even, this girl is blowing up my mentions and she keeps complaining about my queen Keep Hatin' Bitch!
ask -- he registered us as a business, apparently...
#Marc #Savard back at practice
Drinking Indra Kunindra at Toronado. I assume it was named after a Potterverse spell.
with your help we'll be spinning everywhere on Etsy soon! thanks so much for your support!
WHY I SO HUNGEY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
RT "A friend is like a good bra… hard to find, supportive, comfortable, and there to lift U up! #smgirlfriends"
well I've got plans now! Took too long. :P
i look 11 in my last tweet LOLZ DISREGARD, im 14 bitchezz
and sleeping through the night would be cool too I bet!
Does anyone else have a problem with the Carmel "victim's" lawyer releasing confidential reports?
Creative and cool people :3:
#SpringFling is in full swing as we inch closer to the Main Event! Join us today @ 1p for our next $65 Qual; 3,500 chips & 15 min levels!
Dont take for granted what you have and Many seek Cause Quickly things can change where you seek what you use to have and no longer granted
When im starving &people wuna bite if my food!!!! #ThingsThatPissMeOff!
Should I consider him...
She looks like she has to think real hard about every dance move. It's awkward and uncomfortable to watch. It's just..no!
is on Hiatus
Slightly insane firebender is also an option.
Well, BirmBuckeye is my "personal" and "Buckeyecentric" account, JBirm_Rivals is more general recruiting info. So, both.
You are welcome, and what a honor to arrive at a milestone. Have a good weekend, and a successful career.
I shall indeed. brb mailing you cake. ^.^
Fuck a blackberry
yes that's why I love animals to begin with. They r pure
Ctfu at the text he just sent he didn't have to come at me like that lol
Looking for a Desktop Support job. Need to get to work. Willing to relocate if I receive a serious offer.
So much better than watching on KMTV...
c-h-i-e-f, thanks man
it's not about the game it's about excitement and future of the program
hahaha, it's true
If you focus on what you've left behind. You'll never be able to see what lies ahead.
Everybody hates me exxtra today
Back to shooting!! "Penny: a love story" in full pre-production swing, "Holy the Hideous Human Angel Milkshakes" on its way.
Have a good trip! (Guessing you're on the road right now.)
Without discipline, there's no life at all
It's early....got coffee???
i changed my background in honor of fall in the Hudson Valley. Okay, now back to work.
- she SO deserves it.
Shadow Moses
Thank you for the mention.
"I'm just a man with balls and feelings!" - Jordan
Shouldn't Dancing With the Stars have just two finalists instead of three? And whats with all the college crap?
probably going to start Ron for defense but B EZ could get crunch time min in LA
ohh iz ok no worries i just dont show nekaded piks of me hereon twitter iz ok no worries ;)
follow.back
glad to hear. i was surprised it didn't come up in the prototype session.
RT : "Put your heart, mind and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success." - Swami Sivananda Saraswati
great run kid!
Thinking flexible, roll with it thoughts.
Oscar Fingall OFlahertie Wills Wilde~ We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars.
“: The worst thing is that I fall in love with girls when I'm drunk.” *boys*
#ACTION Speaks Louder The Words!!!! Amen (God Bless You all)
I declare this the SUMMER OF GEORGE!
we signed up!
you are bad in Scandal! I love it!
just wait until the next one it gets better
Realtors in the Portland area are looking for sellers. Inventory is at just 5 months. Now maybe the time to sell. More @ 6:30pm
I want some BBQ too!
"It's a lonely ol night but ain't they all"
I'm chillin bro! What's up?
good luck man!
Big 12 Women's Soccer Tournament to be held at LIVESTRONG Sporting Park in 2013 and 2014
everyone decides who they family is tho... not neccessarily whos blood!!
but then someone called ticketmaster or tweeted them and they said ALL were sold out. there are only regular ones this week
lmao I have never seen that dance in my life!!!!!
sweet! Haha you should bring me them tomorrow!
youre just annoying now.
Yes it was, until it crashed. RT Omg ustream is amazing.
I am different from every guy, cause' i'm my own person.
You know you're first on my life. YOU KNOW.
I unfollowed the people that weren't following me sorry
Banana Republic is hosting a "quarter back" sale for Super Bowl weekend. Score 25% off all full-price items February 3-5.
With Seacoast Realty in Wilmington, NC and its about to be ON! Step one: Come Alive. Step two: Believe. Step three: Kick some butt!!!
Ew. Delaware stinks.
goddamn you guys are hardcore... Do you supply the knife?
Music is a part of us. Hating on someone's musical choices is like hating on who somebody is as a person
Kind of weird Amy Winehouse's mom's name is Janis - Janis Joplin died at 27 too now Amy dies at 27 Both troubled stars! Strange correlation!
Beth is on E News tonight in the fashion segment, check it out!
RT I CONCUR! "If you listened today, is one of the best guys I know. Stand up gentleman"
I love free ebooks! Thanks for the follow!
btw RT "My only wish is that this years is as weird, as hilarious, as revelatory as last years."
hey matt, pretty sure there are a few converted fans out here in Katy
Looking forward to the Whitefield book!
I just bought some
I know it's "Women's Day" or what not, but does the Google logo HAVE to look like a tampon ad?
The only guy on TV I will ever blush like crazy for: Scotty McCreery. aaaaahhhhh that boy.. I swear. ^-^ <3
it is bullshit.
Me and My Dad tryna trick my Mom into it
Sleepy ass hell.
OH REALLY. I WASN'T AWARE.
you have MY hoodie & macy has yours. I don't have anything of yours.
crazy, right?? It's not productive conversation...
When it rains, it pours.
Finally feeling caught up! Ready for another 2 weeks of
I will be attending the advisory board meeting tonight. No, we can't advise them to trade for Kevin Durant.
Grammar is important! Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse.
ATG Rehab Acquires Custom Healthcare and Gulf Coast Rehab Equipment
you are too too much
#15-Dwight Freeney-DE-Indianapolis Colts
why are you so attractive. I miss your face!
Lunched at the new in Westwood today. Restaurant review in the coming next quarter (next next week?).
Happy birthday.
RT I asked about next trend in cocktails "for a personal touch, bartenders will start tea-bagging each drink."
Okay I want at someone to call in and tell me which tweet was their pick of the day - Come watch me live @ zenlive.tv
The holidays are coming! Order a hand-made legal themed chess set today! And pretend this message isn't so spam-like!
12yo's idea for mother's day celebration? Giants at Dbacks.
Please follow us (:
I don't think my father, the inventor of Toaster Strudel, would be too pleased to hear about this...
Alabama Capital is my life<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Big shout out to for getting me addicted to Timeflies
So I don't follow #BBW but every1 on my TL is goin in on Susie...maybe I shoud watch
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! Truly an inspiration to us all, whether big, small, short, or tall.
LOL which list? : D
My dude had a extra long pinky nail tho...
Ima hit u up den
In the Early Budget Work Session all day, getting updates from all depts. about what it is going to cost to do County business next yr
On the way to eat, with my mom & my daughter!
lol that's what I meant - ~beautiful in a hilarious/dafuq did I just see way.
Do you follow the Ky Kernel? I'll link you to some photos if interested.
now yu know what to do Mr d waiting on yu
Middle school kids love to brag about how many Facebook friends they have - sometimes several hundred. That's a big risk.
heard your song "Go Crazy" a while back , you've got good music Mr.Harris ;D i love it ! keep up the good work .
BECKS. i miss you. game soon? me, you lizzie and of course !
“: Why is my spam all about Christian singles and depression? Am I missing something?” there may be link?
- careful with those candles!
Do you include tips in your budget? Depending on the size of your affair, tipping costs can become quite substantial.
Yeah AR seems like a nice place. The people had a few ferrets.. I've heard they make good pets :) Have an awesome night O_o
Otto rebound machine
23, your still young. Cant wait for the new music..
Stephanie is killing it in the lab!
Fleury with the sick save!
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
Thanks for the RT, Sharon! Appreciate it!
About to head out to #marketmixnw...looking forward to a great day!
Did anyone watch Austin's ustream today?
I completely agree and just brought in the 2009 Baudry entry level Chinon which is just gorgeous
Kings into aces. I turn a flushdraw and don't get there. Down to 7bbs.
If your goals and dreams are that important to you, you will pay the price to achieve them.
Total eclipse of the heart.
lol oh my , whats with the rude name calling . . .
they scan anyways…length isn't much of an issue, plus it's a seo thing for applicant tracking systems
Woah just saw 2 teachers arguing!
Special thanks to for cheering me up last night, I love you! <3 :)
Some random guy in the street just wished me a happy mothers day. -.-
#NOTAEUPHAMISM!! (this time)
Nice showing! How long have you been on Twitter?
I'm not too worried about giants but after their three losses, they may have something to prove
Markdowns in Shoes!!! Over 7,000 pairs marked down....look for the clreance sections in your size!!!
tell your mom i say hi!
next time you join!
Don’t say it doesn’t matter cause it’s gonna matter to me I can’t be alone with you...
#BestSONGS2011 Sensitive Kid by , Junk of the Heart by , or I Don't Wanna Care Right Now by #formy$
don't perpetuate misinformation.No such thing as a federal citizen.if ur born n 1 of the 50states,ur a natural born citizen
Thank you for your continued support in my absence. I appreciate it! :)
friday? where have you been! Well, lets try and make the best of you!
finally got back to Barry's Boot Camp this morning after almost a year. That was awesome!
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Waiting on meis so I can go make a Vegas donation. Your welcome boys!
Onions are some bitches.
I just wanna go home
my pleasure :)
u are followed
Caught 2001 there last year, so prolly not for that one. Might do ET though. You?
Thank you for waking my ass up lol. I do not need to be bed all day smh.
it was so fun! learned a lot
This is going to be an amazing day #DMB on the radio and is coming to visit me.
Let us know if you're interested in trying one out ;)
I know a lot of you will have the MUNCHIES tomorrow!
I know u are boont. Lol
Quincy Market yo!
it's says "chocolate FLAVORED chips" why not just say chocolate chips?
are there any games scheduled this week?
Thank you kind sir!
What to do about Flickr... To how many places do you post your images?
pretty sure I just heard bite for the time, and I was so amazed I bit myself. Love you.
N she got that good good she says!
Please Follow me! :)
Attended the richmond Rock convention that was the head and the heart show
You need to update your BHO Flip-Flop List. The saga continues...
I fuck wit it primo...#heavy...i got the files so I can do what I want...but I really wanted to here some of those nasty riffs u do
Shoutout to people who request follower! bahahaha
I was so sleepy earlier and now I can't go to sleep :/ Guess this is a good time to check where all my classes are for #SpringSemester Haha
hii!its me jessy!do u remember when u wrote me on twitter hey u play guitar sorry for no replyin but my old twitter dont work anymo
can i be in that video as an extra that song is motovation to my career
'Real nigga shit lol' RT No lie I love to see my ex girlfriends n a relationship as long as they're happy :)
Does anybody else miss Omarosa as much as I do?
First rehearsals this Saturday!
None of this stuff would matter if the Pirates had a real offense.
Excerpt from the forthcoming novel, Artless, about the beautiful failure of art & the lives a few saints along the way: markbernardsteck.com
Dear Santa Ana winds- One blow and my hair is a mess, my shirt is wrinkled and I'm strugglin to walk in a str8 line. You're good.
'tis good to be the Queen! Let them eat cake!
Dear God... Please let what happened today NEVER happen again. Thank you & Amen.
Thank you for letting me lol ;o)
Michael O'Malley starts with a family story of how his Irish ancestry was classified as "Colored."
Deos any feel like they have created autonomy in their business? I have been on a 5 year journey and think I just jumped a big hurdle, me!
Finna work on my English essay
Don't forget...doors open at 6pm today! All Thanksgiving orphans are welcome!
Boring school
Buying a Short Sale or Foreclosure is very interesting. You get amazing deals, but remember always to do your homework and be patient
make a oovoo so we an vc!
RT Twitter find me a "Medical Transcription" or similar job that is work from home.
"desktop is scuba, mobile is snorkeling"
Weird. Email from County says I'm in tomorrow's 1-4pm training. I signed up for 9am-12pm. Sorry County. I got shit to do; I'm going early.
*WIN* a FREE E-copy of PRETTY AMY until Mon at 5pm PST! To enter, tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" Pls RT
is on band camp and originated in Charlottesville Virginia
"EVERY GREAT MIND STARTED WITH A SPARK!!!!!!!" -Tray Chaney
That Dr. Pepper commercial is so stupid.
It is up to you, but I you came at that time you still could probably get some swings in. Not a big deal though.
I am exhausted... How is everyone else feeling this evening?
Who's goin to Georgia State? Lookin for room mates or ppl who wanna get an apartment
RT : Happy Read Across America Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
STOP SOPA AND PIPA...The Real Piracy going on is in our government. Contact your Senator and Conngressman now!
I just may have to bite the bullet and join.
Oh Hendricks to MOJO that would have been a sick SH goal ah
Tis the season to return those unwanted gifts. What was the worst present you have ever received?
dang girl! I'm sorry that happened! I hope you feel better! <U+E403>
cool. I was thinking somewhere in ohio city, tremont, or detroit & w. 65, in the middle of the month and at the end
I am so sorry to hear about your spouse. Good luck going forward.
Hunger Games!!!
When boys leave you a cute voice-mail to wake up to. <U+2665>
trololol I'll be at the 10:30 service. Hopefully everything is back to normal.
keep smiling u make the world go round!! we luv u!!
Im soo hungry still..and im craving either chipotle or some salmon
Software Development Engineers are an exception. Many companies look for skills not seen in resume.
hey yeah never thought of that before
love it, although I just realized is spelled it incorrectly...Il buCo. Such a good editor I am :)
Well met, Justified. Well met.
#nasty RT : Rub me out like genies....
"Sent from one of my four iPads."
bout what
thanks love! I will :)
i think it was lawrence & about 14th. but i already forgot. they were all over the bushes.
Ive never been more calm and ready for a show! Next week
If you missed it Check rescue this is what its about smiles on little faces Check it out and comment your thoughts
you spelled McGonagall wrong.
Just what I need - another social media addiction. How did I not know about #tout?
My dad just called my phone to talk. I'm sitting on the front porch, he's inside the house -_-
30 Second MBA with Dawn Sweeney: How do you inspire your staff?
On chill where J.o.
you too Bobby!
Great wedding wknd in Chicago 'burbs. LONG. But great.
Hmm should I sleep?
ok thanks
I think you'll like it. It gets into
that's definitely paying it forward! Haha How're you?
This dude is pissed and he wants to personally destroy Mitt. I've got to think Romney camp LOVES this news conference.
Lots of #NBA playoffs, baseball and #NFL news to talk about today on the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in. coming up.
Great day in Bloomington. Getting ready to head to dinner at Restaurant Tallent.
I HATE asking my mama for money!
Ep or album?
Lunch at BAR BOUCHON, sitting outside with my hottie, is a great afternoon!
Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three.
You wonder if dentists can still truly enjoy oral sex.
Surfing on a pc..... So not the same as my Mac
glad you liked it! yes ill follow you back
i triple dog dare u to follow me
Tom Brady jersey to church?
My thumb hurts ):
year = semester :p RT : This has been such a stressful year.
:pp i see what ya did there
Cool Jazz Sax Man Stan Getz born in Philly. His Bossa album w/Gilberto is Fire! (#AcousticRooster has been to his estate in Dobbs Ferry, NY)
YES!!!!! - RT: I have no idea what the first 3 questions were but my answers are Bacon, Bacon, & Bacon
Just when you think Romney has done just enough to torpedo one of the worst presidential campaigns in decades, Rick Santorum opens his mouth
Thanks to all my friends who never told me how great the band The War On Drugs is. Real cool, jerks.
NOW FOLLOWING THIS CHICO..........
That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you. -__-
Omg! Michael Weatherly on #TheTalk is hilarious!
hate you.
Word to your mother.
nope! Haha not at all
you, my daughter, Jackie Robinson, and I
#FF cause apparently he's a HEAT FAN :D
Let's cheer on the RUT this weekend as the journeys have begun to Eagle River, WI
u know who now. Don't tell anyone nd don't tell nick
Been looking at shoes all day
never too long! Looking great miss Ari! :-]
Heard you like "Bad Boys". Well, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing off those string things. Just sayin'!
Chris Abele and GMC committed fraud in trying to argue for the comptroller position. Why did they misrepresent themselves?
Overeem's attorney: I've read the results of the test, but the doctors who administered care to Overeem after UFC 141 caused test levels
"It'll be a coolsaster!" <--mad love for Tina Fey's portmanteau of "cool" and "disaster"
Oh Okay.
Do you have all the Moosewood cookbooks yet--they're still great …
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 8
yes! I love Nialler
Had a bizarre dream last night. Virus changed value of pi in computers worldwide, causing science, engineering, math to collapse.
I still love you Rangers <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
My daughter is almost 5 months old and we JUST got the bill for my hospital stay.
doesn't sound stupid at all Jennifer. Did you see him talking to the media? That killed me ...heart wrenching
omg I saw it also I grabbed it&i fell on the floor!lol haha
Rant: Why do some people reply to a tech post, saying that they are not having any problems? How is this helpful? Try offering a solution!
"Invitation from a friend" = high attendance motivation for ages 15-24. Grow young audience through your existing young audience?
Naw they love pitties : “: If you own a pitbull, you terrify me. Please leave. #whitegirlproblems”
Follower if you know any hockey players tell them to join this is good opportunity to get some exposure and chance for scholarship
Worked out pretty well. Thanks for asking.
Thunder are going to be a tough out in the playoffs. They just got a lot bigger and only had to give up Jeff Green!
whisked away to the outlet mall today. 8 hours and we barely finished it. all i have to show for it is ONE pair of shoes.
Judy on the importance of linking the units of science education.
I always miss DMs.
ill be your crying shoulder ill be love suicide ill be better when im older ill be the greatest fan of ur life yea ill be<3
My friends doe
#FF: looking forward to the #DBC2012 conference! ,
Palin all but endorses Newt.
So excited for my residential client that had company over for first time in two years - huge step forward
The hood gives the show the advantage of not casting the role for months.
Thanks for your callouts and mentions during last night's #sschat!
Mitt Romney supports diversity in the #GOP. He wants voters who think Obama is guilty of treason and those who think he's the antichrist.
So EnvYus,the team that has been around for 2 - 3 years if not longer,is a fluke..You're stretching now. Don't be sour say GG
I understand the metro problem was huge, but there is no reason for #wmata employees & Cops to tell people to F**k off
Nothing more hilarious than a intoxicated mistakenly identifying an Ordinary Joe for a famous person to their face.
In other news at the mechanic's this morning, the guy sitting across from me is a violent typist -- I feel sorry for his computer.
Sometimes I'm not allowed to delete comments. Why is this?
About #NATO summit in Chicago. The root of social distress and violence is authoritarianism and poverty.
sometimes i feel so mexican.
I just saw a lady in a tight pink outfit have an all out argument with a telephone pole.
Hey ! Thanks for the follow!
thanks I appreciate it
MensHumor RT: "You know you're drunk when everything becomes a piñata." WE FEST...
Getting excited for the #casesmc chat! I'll be moderating today using , but will have co-moderators in the future.
Scotland loves Newmatic! Our new friend Simon from Scotland shows up at our hard rock show with this shirt on! Incredible!
What are your favorite lyrics from one of our songs!? :)
Naked girl- "do you mind giving me something to put on" James Bond - hands her sandals
I remember bein 7 & rappin under my breath in the car. My dad heard me & said "what are you doin, prayin?" & i was like "NO! Beatboxin!" lol
psh, as if anyone will get in the door there ever again after tonight!
speaking of Jewish things, I'd be curious to see what the ratio of Jews is to non-Jews in my Facebook friends.
Now following @ EltonTrueblood on Twitter. Glad I can read bits of his great wisdom here now--still, I find his Twitter presence hilarious.
He could have used our gas card we are giving away on Facebook. ;)
"Dear Followers, I appreciate each one of you!"
Here for my callback, send good vibes my way!
good day today livin life carefree : )
linux commands. Google them !
If your problem has a solution then...why worry about it?If your problem doesn’t have a solution then...why worry about it? ~Chinese Proverb
Congrats :) How exciting!
so much fun stuff!!
highlighting grammar in context in their own writing. Writing prompts that challenge them to experiment with grammar & punct.
THANK YOU
. you know, i would if i could, liam. i would if i could -_- #school .
If your going to tweet about BLACKHISTORYMONTH how about leaving the word "nigga" and other ignorance out..
TRIVIA THURSDAY: AMERICAN REUNION will be the fifth movie this star has been in with the word “American” in the title. Who is she?
I don't trust the govenment with my money. why would I trust it with my heart. That one James
You actually have no fucking idea what i am going through.
I feel bad for this 4 year old Buckeyes fan sitting two seats away from me
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
I'm biased but agree pot DUI bill's journey pretty strange too. Session went downhill fast.
- Of course I love Flannery O'Connor. I haven't read her in a while though. What's the Moviegoer? I might have to check it
Hey Honey Child ;)
I don't understand why dubstep is popular. It's just techno with more wubs. :|
and how the hell can i clog your timeline you are following 8 people!:L FOLLOW ME NOW;D
Hire from audience (customers)
You know it's a good night when you find yourself on the balcony of Turner Hall, eating cheesecake with Scott Starr and Mike Eitel.
then whyd u ask dick
how old are they?
Wait, what? Why are we luring hedgehogs with beer?
I am 100% convinced that has NO idea what talent is. Bring it team Blake.
Preach! lol RT": Censored versions of songs <<< it ruins my musical experience"
#FACUPFINAL is tomorrow! And we're showing it LIVE - who is going to win?
I feel like that doctor wasn't much help. Is their answer to everything 'prescriptions'?
lol u funny
Yes, a couple long stories, actually. Too much for 140 characters.
We do not recruit. We can only impress. -- Marga Gomez m2lubricants.com Buy smart, Buy M2 lubricants
We're playing a free show at IUPUI downtown on April 20th. be there ;D
oh my gosh, thank you so much! :)
thanks so much! Blessings on your day!
Too many fancy terms in this presentation.
Bless you. I found out yesterday that we share a common good friend: Charles Gooch. We go back 30 yrs.
RT Ready for the next level but not sure if you have what it takes to play with the “big boys?” You can! Here's how: http:/
LOL, I haven't been on in a while bc I got a new phone and I don't know how to really work Twitter from this device
Holiday Beer Tasting, Wed. 14th,6pm. Taste 8 Holiday beers from The Bruery, Scaldis, Sam Smith and more.Call 255-8500 to reserve your spot!
One race down and one more to go for the day here in Hillsdale!
“We’re working in standard drifter dialect…not RP drifter.” (#dareproject chatter)
most likely SW DC, line of site to Capitol before quadrant of slums were bulldozed in the 50s
come over tonight.
Ah thanks lady on all fronts :D Big changes
how are you korey?
even though we have our differences, you have pretty amazing talent and a good band.
hell no! Not until I went to the grocery store today. I bought like 3 magazines lol
Sounds fun! Looking forward to the select image.
we're on our way!
I dont call it holdin grudges , i call it NOT FUCKIN WIT BULLSHIT .
Be the change you want to see in the world! Mahatma Gandhi
hello boobalicious outfit ;)
You like Madison's food options, Brian?
yea ill take a turkey club lays chips and a sprite thank you...
Ha...well I tried.
What? Twitter just assumes you no longer want to follow someone after you've been following them for a while?
tc dupstep party later tonight?? if not its okay XD
Glad to hear it! Welcome aboard!
Pasta tree!! Yum
February 11, 2012: The day Whitney Houston faked her death thus securing her life as drummer
Nice catch, !
Michael Jordan selling his 29M home! And I got to see the exclusive property listing since my company designed it :D
Day 3 in LA and the kids danced their hearts out. 5 1/2 hours of dancing. I love watching my babies pouring their souls out!
I just got general admission tickets to Dave Matthews Band at Klipsch Music Center on Jun 23, 2012
feeding the baby boy :) and goin to enjoy the day off
I'm here to help :-)
lmao the bush is for soft little girls. I'll be by the <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4> if you wanna start some shit.
Im always thinking of that next dollar
Just put a fully shopped T2 in Voodoo Doughnuts. It plays really fast. We also fixed the diverter on Dracula and leveled hurricane.
#10FactsAboutMe 7.) i have too many siblings! 6 in total! lol love them all! <3
would be fascinating to see how quickly (or slowly) Facebook can gain momentum if unblocked.
GOODNIGHT! SLEEP TIGHT! AND HOW ABT A FOLLOW BFORE U SLEEP?
Thanks to our pals at for supporting literacy in Houston during National Poetry Month!
DUDE!!!! Killer party in the WGCI studio! NYE for the WIN! I'm dancing like no one has ever seen before!
man come on, that shit ain't cheap...i still gotta but my own hair .
Name a movie that describes your sex life.
U had a good night.
Get me out of this town before I go insane.
": just wanna chat with u,if u wouldn't mind"what's up dats cool
I'll make her my bitch LMFAO !
what the fuck is wrong with you...why would you cheat on him
it was a joke because the awesome Sytasburg is pitching.
I found an old Ring Modulator in my garage!
Dallas missed 2 chances to tie it up, J Terry missed 2 3's... Thunder win. Up 2-0
I'm free in the afternoon
Coffee AND Monster.
thank you for favorting me
how bout them Pacer boys....
good morning to you as well.
I love being with my best friend
“: In 10 hours I'll be landing in Las Vegas haters.” can I climb in your suitcase?
yes! Miss you dudes!
ah I cant wait. She is goingg to be soo precious!!!
Boo you whore.
A woman fake smile hides the tears and accept the pain.... & yet she remains strong act like nothing wrong
Time for my Zumba....
OMG yes! And have fun tomorrow too!
Bout time for me to clean out this pool...i need help...Lol
after my long delay in writing, I feel you have every right to take a year or so :)
the kum n go would confuse things lol
live tiki carving INSIDE Frankie's Tiki Room tonite & sat 8pm-midnight. tikis will be raffled off, so for a couple bucks you could score 1
follow me cmslala
Skylar did NOT deserve to go home . she was one of my favorites... #UPSET. Now if Phillip leaves I'm done.
is mines on the low ,
Its great and even better now that were tweeting! Have you checked out any of our Educational Childrens Toys?!
RT : Photography is art.
CM moves to NOT lay off city employees, at least until Jan. 1, 2013. (CLA reduced # of layoffs from 231 to 209.)
haha thanks! :D
It's Day 2 of #finalsweek. Hang in there. The end is near.
Eating a cookie and Creme cheesecake #Yumm <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
no way dude pittsburgh is way worse
Hi - met you at #wherecamp - Has your kickstarter project launched? Just curious...
yeah that's what I read but my computer's too crappy -_-
Hey, I just met you, and bitch you are crazy! Hell no I'm not, having your baby
Llol thanks and text me
haha! Yeah it wasn't really swine related but definitely, creepily works out well. We've been spared so far...
Be pleasant. Introduce yourself to everyone's assistants. Remember names. It's good business
man i HATE messing up on a tweet
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. Wayne Dyer
Close. Roundtrip airfair, hotel , tickets and VIP passes to the closest concert of prog legend, Neal Morse.
plus the Clippers are playing tonight so i'm not doing it then :/
RT : I like Dope, Ill Niño, stuff that has words...
We have reached 200 likes! :D 200 hundred supporters of an equal and safe America!
you're such a hippie. Ps, current favorite song, blackbird
Come to our conference to meet with industry professionals from an extremely diverse range and navigate the market together.
#FindingYourRoots delivered a fascinating find tonight: domestic doyenne descends from a long line of artisan ancestors.
A1. Accidental arts administrators :)
what an awesome #artopening! Congrats! Everyone should check out your work while it's
thanks man..it was fun! Took Julianna to her first game...good times!
Fired Up Tip 729 Begin this week with enthusiasm for all you do. It will inspire you & others
Brain Floss: Toothbrushes should be replaced every two to three months and after illnesses like a cold or flu.
Thanks Mike, and I do follow you on Twitter which is why I'm ranked so highly;-)
U know wats weird alot of us GRANDERZ just got braces or getting braces soon and VINNY just got braces in my school brace r #Swagg straight<U+E405>
man what you on tomorrow night you not tryna go to that meek mill show in chicago
Had a boring day
An object lesson on Libertarian notions of your rights, I'd say.
I down my shots, I gulp my beers. Til every drop disappears.
The worst way to start your week? Weigh yourself. Gah!!
My baby gone be good, just got this obsticle to overcome real quick!
I hate you, you hate me, Barney gave you HIV. It started with a kiss but then he wanted more, you got raped by a dinosaur!
Is cutting toenails a sacrifice? Maybe paint them pink or red instead.
RT : Conference Day 2: The Main Event. We've been working towards this since October.. Time to get after it
We were the kings and queens of promise
If I asked for a caramel frapp light, why would u put whip cream on it?
Okay, is my hero for the day... But Erin Duffy will be my hero for tomorrow.
Milwaukee could use a utility infielder.. How great would it be to have back in a #Brewers uniform!?!?
You would have paid $4 for those books in our outlet shop.
Happy columbus day! Hanging with my boys<3
She likes hot pants.
Quilceda Creek #wine allocation purchase completed. Need to drop off and pickup #wine at
I did the right thing and voted against in the Madden '13 cover voting. Don't need any cover jinx ruining another SB run.
Damn up and wanna eat # smh
It's beautiful outside
I'm sure Jen Royle will complain about the Caps celebration too.
NEED ADVICE-- #Marathon is 5/20-- do I run 23 this weekend (ran 20 last) or start the taper now?? (I'm too much of a mental runner!)
Word comes that the Salvation Army in Stockton is struggling, making little impression on the stony hearts of the stiff-necked Stocktonians.
Just confirmed DiGiorno Pizza for free pies for our next promotion coming soon!
I'm guessing Sarah picked the movie.
so you were blind and deaf and you shook your hips becouse 3oh!3 told you to? sweet pork and jelly beans!
I think I just started officially not giving a fuck anymore!
It kinda says something about a "friendship" when you're not sad it ended. Especially when its 14 years old. Oh well. Life goes on. :)
Donkey Diner in Coral Bay, St. John USVI has great ricotta pancakes AND great atmosphere.
haha u don't know who's on? Im Corbin :) corbin here ;)
Top of the morning #LSMDC / #DCTech / #LeanDC !! Day 2 of is underway, ppl are calling / testing / surveying today. Get !
Gotta date with my dvr tonight
I hate that feeling.
What time is green flag tomorrow? Feel the need to sleep late already
I was like seriously!??!!?
yeah - no worries there since my cell takes care of the dialing usually :) and, had practice in houston where there's 3!
Won all 3 games... Nothing better than some sand+ volleyball = lots of woohoo moments!!
Would love a catalog dm for address
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket.
Sarah Vowell is one of my favorite people. If you're lucky enough to still be in town Sat. don't miss her at PLA pla10
What game are you coming back to Indy for?
Safe travels to Colorado , I wish you were coming to see me! one week till we are reunited in the Rocky Mountain state!
On my way to Las Vegas for the
I'm still baffled by the fact that people actually pay Cision for this information.
stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves
Good vibes at marina tennis centre despite the rain!
glad you like it!
Oh man, FRIENDS is on two channels! So totes perf! :D
Yes, it is! Anything to get people to donate more is a good thing!
#BBUK excitement in the U.K. is building and we're not even close to June yet. 11:30pm - BBRN
"But there are cars still moving a block away!" she says, and then waits for them to stop before she leaves the curb, as the light changes.
hells ya!!! Maybe I'll win one of these times! lol
Never mind he's at UCLA... Still more top50 recruits for the taking
I'm just guessing on the neck thing. I've done my back before.
Its whatever doe I'm not mad
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches . . .
A wee bit chilly...waiting on hubs to get the fire going. he has fish lights up now. quite festive
Who had deceived thee so often as thyself? - Benjamin Franklin
now following
We love our B.A.R. (Bad A#$ Regulars)! Discounted drinks for all regulars! Everyone else can enjoy bucket specials all day!!!
thanks. I will take you up on it. Are you canon or nikon?
just bought dream theater tickets :DD
Largo is like 4 blocks from me and I'm not there. At least you have a good reason! I'm dropping the ball! Grrr
Well. I guess it's time to start that homework
Fuck not having unlimited internet #IAlwaysGoOverMyLimit<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
driving through your good made me realize how long it's been. Haven't seen you in forever.
just got home from work and totally enjoying my glass of #Cabernet :)
lmao... Y cause animal would throw the drum at u!?
are you hitchhiking?
Well that could easily be taken out of context.
RT : Sam's getting leaves. If it's white smoke up the chimney, we're for gay marriage; if it's black smoke... What can go wrong?
imma start train and fightin just so i can wear my chain like
ohh the power of encouragement
Who else is working on Earth Day. Is there a plan already? (
Exactly my point .. -________-
Guess he won't be on the cover anymore...
Chicago is a great place to be!
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
Haha, I don't often get them over here, but woof this morning. :/
I want chips. LOL
Still searching...
Not really, i was in the process of learning, u rap?
$30 Bracelets/Wristbands (ALL YOU CAN DRINK), TONIGHT for SUEDE Lounge in Scottsdale MUST ARRIVE before 10:30pm to receive.
dude, I know. The breakfast gluttony did not do good on curvy road back into town, haha. But hey, at least we're full!
"she's pulling an 80's, she's using her phone as a phone"
Rue McClanahanimation: An animation style pioneered and perfected by Golden Girls star, Rue McClanahan.
Sup ivy?
Incredible RT : Lionsgate says last night's Mad Men was the 1st time a master recording by the Beatles has been licensed for a TV show
It's enthralling to walk the earth with a "yes" in one's heart. But sometimes we must say "no". And saying "no" with a captivating smile...
My stepdad & sister asked my mon for something & she said "No why are you asking me for things on mothers day. Y'all are going to hell" LMao
& are two people who get so much flak for the important arguments that they make. So much respect to both.
"I wanna wait on you hand and foot like the king you are baby." make love-keri hilson
Holtbe is having a nice game tonight, but Boston is helping him out a lot!
Oh, man, I was thinking about laying low! I'll see what I can do for you though. ;)
ok Olive and Thyme are now on my list.
Cloud computing is outsourcing #edu2011 dietribes#
A relationship without trust is like a car without gas, you can stay in it as long as you want but it won't go anywhere.
lol goodnight bro.
#TIIP4P Learning Leaders Panel: The Pitfalls of Poor Partner Management Q1) Describe worst partnership experience/lessons learned
Our office will be closed on Thursday, November 25 for the Thanksgiving Holiday. Have a happy Thanksgiving.
you're actually listening in Pysch right now??
so cool!!“: Nice hearing "Are you GeekJames?" today, twice.”
good to hear! I'm doing awesome. :) have you seen my new cover yet?
I'm glad to hear it...I'm doing aiight myself...how's Charlotte treatin u?
no CAMERO! but the 07' Impala SS works fine :)
can I have a Dm :) please tht would make my day
Lalala i love that song :)
i never realized how amazing all these disney classics are, i think aladdins my new favorite...man fuck jafar
got it mayne its been a minute glad to see u doin ya thing and errbody need to follow if not u idiots nuff said a monsta
I wanna thank Chi & Jae helping me almost reach my 7000+ tweet...
wanted to update you on my blender situation :) ordered one from costco.com that got high marks. Oster brand I think....
Driving to work blasting
I'm the type of guy that turns the music way up loud just to tune out reality
Idek what that means, but GL getting it, man. ": I might have to get my meat twirked tonight."
I dont wanna go to school ..
Yes, for sure! RT : same here man. Craziness. All good though. Let's connect when you get back
someone just pocket dialed me..
Oh shittttttt found my old b2k cd
tagging Flynn would make salary too high to be worth trading for, esp with Manning out there. Tagging Jermichael smart.
Captain Lou Albano :)
hehehe I told my mom that she swore at you she's very upset
Crap. 24 hours? Does festival coverage count? I'm still working on my #TFF reviews. Awesome filmmaker exception?
AJ Burnett is a true warrior!
lmao hamsterrs yo buy a pregnant one, yea sure
yep. Haha talk about deer in headlights. You been?
BRIDES! Don't forget to RSVP to ' Bridal Open House this Wednesday from 5-8pm! We'll see ya there!
Wow, 's SharePoint Maturity Model presentation is really good. Great storyline, great examples.
#UShouldnt fake feelings for someone.. just be real with them..
It will be more exciting to announce it at
I'm writing that 3 page analytical essay, complete with that thesis statement I know of... I swear...
Thanks for the follows--who else in the Christianity & Lit field might be on Twitter? I can make a list for us.
I've eaten more today then I have the past two weeks.
More tilting...bad beat or making right lay down and missing out on flopping a monster, taking down big pot?
i gotta go buy a big razor! Mom won't let me use ours :(
you got mad skills, can pull off most anything.
Ask you anything at all???
Missing the #ASMP National meeting in Las Vegas. Had to work. Great idea moving the meetings around the country.
It's like you've already read (part of) my blog post!
are you there? Still on the train.
Batter up omelet, Colcannon Cakes, breakfast Pizza and Slow Roasted Angus Loin with Eggs!
Bought my tickets for Game 3 of the playoffs next Monday. Let's go Caps!!!
Addicted to him.smh
Happy Labor Day weekend! The next likemind Chicago is 9/18 - Facebook invite coming after the weekend
Nunez????? I like what coach is doing tonight.... Cincy will eventually stop making these 3 pointers and the rebounds will come our way..
Going to Faschek lol for stuff!!!! :)
Voting voting voting for
Anyone going to SOCAP?
I Cant Believe My Brothers Asks About Him :-)
Collagen and elastin production starts slowing by age 30, when most women begin to notice fine lines and crow's feet.
RT So far, most talks at #health2con about creating profitable companies, not fixing healthcare/helping patients
What's your favorite podcast?
Get ready for "battaglia italiana" at #tasting the town on 9/23 @ the Humble Civic Ctr. Top italian restaurants go head to head!
Thx for checking us out! We have lots of #ROC managed communities in but we're hungry for more private listings.
because he dont need to jump onto a girl
I tried to grab fog, but I mist. Hehe(;
It's Meatless Monday | Try vegetarian Vietnamese Noodle Soup | Hours: 11AM - 10PM |
RT : A4 More transparency in the grocery store & food labels, hopefully. Its important to know what youre eating!
You're not a dork if u claim ur a dork.
Thanks for the mention. I appreciate it :-)
Good thing Bob Arum isn't president. What the hell?
We R getting rid of some of left over Cardboard spools.Great 4 wire,cords,yarn,x-mas lights.ect. 9-1/2"H w/2-1/8" center 7" ends. .10 cents
Three Years On Twitter Today! Thank You for Following Friending Support I am Kicking it tonight in Delaware!
Still watching.... still watching....
I gave her the handle because she's not on twitter..
they want me too but idk I got a good job but I might yet I doubt it. I'll just be there drunk as a bitch fuck working there
How do you confuse helen keller? Give her a basketball and tell her to read it.
i saw her saying it in mind while bread crumbs fell out of her mouth.
your the first person i followed in 2012
i wish i had a instagram, my phone stupid af.
BREAKING: Cain drops out of race "to spend more quality time with my mistresses."
- Tweeting our way to a total makeover
those who care won't, and those who will don't care, so fuck em.
walking on a dream
Ric Stultz's gallery is only up for another week! DON'T MISS OUT on this awesome show! Everything is cash & carry! Buy today, TAKE TODAY!
And I hang around big dogs ain't no taming me.
Can't wait to get my kitten <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
M's can't keep a lead.
I'm in for all pool parties
RT : Death penalty bothers me b/c it's applied almost universally to poor, minority men who can't afford defense.
Commission on Sustainability meeting today from 4-6 pm, 417 E. Fayette St., 8th Fl. Join us! It is open to the public!
Check the fridge in Holmes House. No one in will mind if you partake. Saw some brownie pillow cookies in Corner too.
Hunger Games and pizza at Black Sheep! Good Sunday with my favorite guy!
My Canon Mark IV videos will be posted soon, Supreme Hotness!!!!
Jasmine soothes, uplifts, & enhances self-confidence; beneficial for skin; known for romance attraction & balancing feminine energy (body).
i followed you back sir
Jacuzzi flow....maybe
it's a damn shame a left my teleportation device at the house this morning
Chad is doing very important work through media. It's a great feeling to think about solutions to big problems.
Employment of police and detectives is expected to grow 11 percent over the 2006-16 decade U.S. Department of Labor
yum yum wine! thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? Since you like wine you will def like this!
amen to that. when did it stop being about health? i'm not a better person if i'm thinner. >:(
The Silk Tie likes Guiseppe! We have a passion for ties and looking slick, thesilktie.com
Going well, was in lovely #RI this morning for the RI Healthcare Reform Commission great to see how much the state is doing
Can't edit IPower sites for an additional 8-12 hours after being down for almost 5 hours? UNACCEPTABLE.
Much Respect to Tampa Bay and St Louis
#IUseToWantARelationshipWith YOU. But I don't wanna risk this FRIENDSHIP cus I'm UNSURE if you FEEL the same way. :|
Lost boys make for bad lovers and good liars
I used LLN in an actual IM convo .
Modern Touch DJs @ Rich's Red Room TONIGHT (mention us at the door for discounted cover)... :O
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's Lazy K- (Austin, TX), Wyld Stallynz (Fuji vs Curtis Dirt), Tranz-X & Lotus Resident DJ'S XES & Justin George
happy birthday !!!! hope you have a fabulous day!!
No matter your politics, every time a cop pepper-sprays a student/veteran/old woman the #OWS protesters win another battle in the PR war.
will begin 5 minutes of meditation in 0 seconds with
"Help me, Harlan!" I love that guy! Who wants to go with me to hear speak tonight? We can meet in the IMU around 7.
The natural pH of hair is a little acidic. Keep that in mind when manipulating hair with product.
Freaking out right now hksjfasg
It's surprisingly fun & freeing at times.
I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to infertile women. I'm sure you would have been great.
um tim went to prison got billy...talk about heart!
Thanks so much! That made my day!
Weather should clear up by this evening - get excited everyone! Spring CCM is here!
#FLOTUS and I are sharing the same building today in Louisville. Wish I could get her to come to my talk on #AtTheDarkEndofTheStreet!
& on the radio right after each other;)
What are you going to miss the most from this year's Kentucky players? Mine is probably Darius Miller's bullet passes. They had fire.
Hey. whats good? :-)
The Tunisian revolution cost the country between 5-8 BILLION dollars.
Headed down to Nashville next sunday!!! Guess whose not gonna be a blonde anymore.... :)
2 hours of glee tonight?! i can't handle it
...I love tomato soup...a little too much <U+2661>
8-yard first downs?
Great night to mow!
Working on a documentary through the weekend.
well me sara josh and candice are going to see harry potter and the half prince (candice is a harry potter freak)
Laptop Speakers: Too quiet for music, too loud for
Thank you!!
good beach reading?
Working on California gigs!
these Nigerians wont let me!
With this one and 6 others at The Wit.
Just got zapped by the sleepy bug. I feel a nap coming on, in the very near future. z
of course!! Hope to see you soon!
She really was -- Elizabeth Taylor really was and still remains the most beautiful woman in the world. -- DKNY PR GIRL® ()
Full day! RT : Full workout early am Metropole followed by brunch then shopping. Now sports on tv
Taking all of my notes with a Bic pen. The smell reminds me of playing with a Spirograph
One of my all time favorite quotes: "If we only have the will to walk, then God is pleased with our stumbles." - C. S. Lewis
:) maybe we can work on that.. looks like your doing pretty good... :) and always rockn
“: Shouts TO Love You Fam!! Let's GrOOowwwww! Time is Here! RIGHT NOW!!!” #LovePow back at ya Greatness
Hi guys. I was busy doing things. What did I miss here?
RT if u want a followback :) [ one rule; must follow + me ]
this role got my name all over it! :)
just saying! Had fun seeing ya! You were funny like usual!
today is my last day being a kid
Watching awake with hayden christensen & jessica alba. Love this movie!
follow back!??(:
One way to know you've been cheated is when the bum you just gave 20 bucks to pulls out his iPhone and starts playing Angry Birds
Conjuring up ideas for the upcoming "Wake Up, My America" video...{A visual time-capsule of the American consciousness}
Who is the marketing genius in the WNBA who planned the draft for a Monday afternoon?
I'll be there for sure I promise ! Unless there's a freak accident where my legs get chopped off then we have a problem =\
What i'd do for yoou
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you actually start talking to your sketches...
Now when I see 3 or more cyclists on the street, it makes me want to yell out #bikeswarm! Engrained and thankful.
Your mom calls me Papi, and I say Ben Aqui...
MUSIC VIDEO: Lil Jon F/ LMFAO – “Drink”
Your not wrong, your just an asshole
Considering going to the Phils-Nats game tomorrow. Couldn't feel more unwelcome to be there by the , though.
In response to question about digital divide, references at Northwestern
in this old building the rain and hail was so loud on the roof... kinda cool, kinda scary :)
wat u get me :D
I hate u
damn! i always eat chinese food til im over stuffed
More than doubled my previous highest views on the Sybaritic Singer yesterday. People must have really loved & !
going to qdoba for dinner
Two upsets about to happen
Being ignored <
Its not dead its just sleeping
Do they push harder to get Carroll from LA now?
it did come quick! Wow before we know it it will be xmas!
Disgusting?...are you angry for a suggestion smh
What are prehistoric monster called when they sleep? A dinosnore
Calling me another girl's name is not cool. Man don't do that. U might get hit w/ a fat lip. LOL
Hi, how's it going?
Amber Rose still looks hot with another rapper on that ass.
I'm the best of all dem doe
Must be having guests today. There are voices in my head that I don't recognize. New characters for 'Smoke & Mirrors'?
listening to the new Paul Weller again. How did you describe the album?
Niamh is the cutest little baba ever. Telling me a spider is coming and it's looking for its mummy.. Aw.
check your email, email sent
And we have tickets at the door for only $10.00 plus free food from our awesome sponsors!
I used trails and didn't get a very good score. Made me wonder how "hard" it is, if a Librarian doesn't score so well...
Off to Will probably observe radio silence until Sunday.
Tyga's Hard In The Paint>>>>> Waka Flocka's!
Another good Monday morning to be a #Packers fan
I know the feeling...almost prevented me from getting my car!
Happy grad day to reference interns (Lauren, Tim, Brian, Craig). You keep the library rawking. Welcome to the best profession ever!
Hello everyone
woke up with Grad (Friends Forever) stuck in head, replaced with Trolololol(lolololo).
RT Changed My Twitter to my real name ... my blog name soon to reflect my new restaurant project.
Some people we like to hear from:
I Came up with a name kinda like Bieber Fever for you and us Mahomies! MAHONE MAYHEM!! Check out my username now!! :)
With a TV timeout every 4 minutes and timeouts 3X as long during tourney, why does VCU have to rest Theus??? Killing them.
I used to do my share of LGBT blogging and stopped because I didn't have anything important to add. the urge is returning
Its Off Now LOL
Noone includes me in anything anymore. Cool, i'm glad i have friends.
whoa, I just tried google directions 3D! Better than some rollercoaster!
How can ppl not know wht a brazilian lap dance is???:))
lmfaoo I'm outta of shape so imma be outta breath to lol
My mom is probably going to thank me for doing the dishes and I will gladly take credit...my sister is doing them
creating a new breed of vegetable. a crinach. or a sparrot. Half spinach, half carrot. So you can eat the top AND the bottom. genius, I know
Subscribe for an annual magazine subscription rather than the monthly basis.
Thanks Dom! Thanks for kicking ass this weekend and allowing me to fully concentrate on spending time with her. xo
is it true has a crush on you and gave you a BJ?
I know! I didn't come by last time, and now I'm sad that my fried eggs today were merely round-ish.
good enough to keep a smile on my face :)
Thank You!! Aren't they FABULOUS?! ;)
thank you sir. I'll miss you guys. I won't be far. Love the profile pic!
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved -- loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves. Hugo
only four glasses. So not each course :)
Looking for a Greek caterer/chef in the Scottsdale/PHX area...know anyone??
Perhaps it's time to come over to the dark side....Google phone
A2: Marketing is vital to planning, architecture, urban design. Same holds true for preservation.
Next 2 weeks might be a bit dicey, maybe mid-April? Wednesdays are usually bad, but most other days are good.
USE THIS COUPON for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battleof Atlanta Vid; go to www.xwarrior.tv; type boa3999 at checkout! En
Let us know how it goes. Should be succulent and delicious. Happy cooking!
Not fully. I've only seen the first 3 and I'm watching the rest with my parents this weekend, they wanted me to wait. Haha
No matter what, every stupid love song i hear i think of you <3
thank you
Milwaukee should rename a street after Uecker.
Thanks for the shout!
Trap T
Glad you enjoyed it!! We hope to see you soon as well!!
Treating myself this weekend.
i might actually start using this since twitter participation is required for my museums and technology class. get ready, world.
My only goal for today: not to vomit while I'm at work. Feeling craptapular.
demon bird mothballs, what do they have in common? shawn marion...yeah mavericks!
sorry I had to miss your talk -- darn other obligations. Will slides/materials be available somewhere?
where are you -_-
next time come with me!
it feel much better I did Wat u said thanks
some stupid teenager
Oh wait, its just been explained to me :oP
Haha, well, there's that. Lots of ppl livetweeting tho.
Treat your mama to some fresh seafood tomorrow - she won't be disappointed.
just heard an update from colleagues that people living on the streets struggled through Irene "ok." Thankful for that. Now, housing!
#top100lies i love her i dont want have sex right now with her
yay! Thank you guys :] Y'all are so sweet! :]
No problem Thanks for the Sake-Tini #recipe!
LOL. I do have some novellas slated to read. That'll help me tack on the numbers. : D
Keep up the good work! Maybe you can find inspiration in the thoughts of the people of old!!
Thatawkwardmoment when you get hit in the face w/a ball and u stick yur finger up your nose to see if its bleeding and everyone is starring
should read "an NYC" not "a NYC". Grammar!
Happy Friday, everyone! We hope you have a relaxing weekend!
but that's not
You get to join your favorite artist on stage for 1 song... Chime in our current FB discussion with the artist and song at on.fb.me/xPpu3Z
Wish I was in San Antonio:)
Gahh I hate Tuesdays. Is it over yet.
Ur absolutely right!!! RT : “: I'ma say a prayer for these ignorant niggaz” that's all u can do
Wow, Renee is so insensitive lol
Could not feel the heat!!
Or they buy you dinner first. :)
What's the best thing about an iPhone? My alarm makes me think I just committed the Secret Slime Action #Figureitout thanks
Breakfast today: Ramen. Diet Coke. Donut. Coffee. Conclusion: Husband needs to return home STAT.
Sabbath. Ah....
First person to tell us what Cortez Kennedy did on August 26, 1995 wins a grab bag T-shirt!
I could have sworn u was ready !
MILK .. Respect the tradition ...
If Splitter could finish around the rim, the Spurs would have 10-12 more points right now.
I'm in Spanish, soo bored.!
“: Should reporters/anchors dress up in team apparel when doing stories about local sports teams?”no but thy shld know sed sprt
Maybe the NHL just needs to sell the Coyotes to Bill Bidwell and take a page from the NBA!
Its good to see shark attacks in movies still always go the same, except now with less suspense.
Looking for an online collage tool that allows to save the collages in our computers before printing them! FREE! Any ideas?
followed you back !
YES! There was a case defect soo they gave me a new phone and case! :D
what they did was fuck up 106 & park with they bs gossip.
1980s visual culture attacked- S Africa govt censors press– protest movement uses music instead
celebrating kansas day at clyde's in chinatown with a few of my favorite dc jayhawks.
wat up cuz tell auntie I said Happy Mothers Day
i'm definitely going to have to take a little run tonight to get rid of this headache.
Spring officially arrives at 1:14 a.m. Tuesday. It will feel more like summer, though with a high of 84
Plain White T's concert tonight. Disney tomorrow. :) super excited.
MT : Listening to the disembodied via Skype on OpenStudy ;-) Impressive no. of users and rapid peer feedback.
Well, I do ONE kind of stuffing that's kind of animalistic. ;)
I'm a blonde !!
I need to bitch
I bought em :)
POLL...who creates more media frenzy, #Tebow or #Tiger..? answers get RTs!
I'm just going to say it; I'm craving Chicken McNuggets.
Whale Shark Challenge with
Last day of high school. Good riddance school.
I love my bestfriend!
We don't devote enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks. - Bill Watterson
I love you like Mitchell loves his sweater vests
So I finally build up the courage to ask out this girl and she rejected me........
Being a great communicator requires two distinct qualities: 1. Optimism - Can look beyond any current situation to imagine a better time. 2.
I am sad thinking of my family -1. What do you do to get yourself out of a sad state?
that sux. I got watchu need (french montana voice)
supporting u from the hospital tonight! I'm positive y'all will win ABDC ill make sure of it! Follow back?
Can't wait to start a Bachelor's Degree? You don't have to! Call 1.800.997.1673, and start on April 30! Move your career forward!
omgggggeee!!! she looks so different like i remember her face being a different shape but yeah she does look like her!
your lucky that you dont start until sept 12 ...i start august 23
I honestly just want to hit the stupid out of her. I have never met someone so stupid in my life.
Only 17 more daays till i am in the same building as ....I cant contain myself... <3 ~17days<3x~
so is this work Europeana does on behalf of the repositories so to speak, or are they exposed to risk if they point ?
The things we talk about lmfao
new leaf of workplace punctuality and continued anti-internet stalker aesthetics // low lights no windows 2k12 // GET ON TIME LIFE
*adds instrumental and remixes my words*
Haha. In what date? If I tweet you :]
RT : OMG U are so amazing babe... luv u!! <I'am quite lovable alien...can't hate you for that baby! Luv u (^_^)
#BOYZONELLEN LET'S TREND IT ICONIACZ TO SHOW OUR LOVE FOR THE BOYZ AND THANKING THEM FOR EVERYTHING THEY DO!
No market in OK? Ha! Give away free content as an up-n-comer fill the social media space w/ it. When u catch a buzz then charge.
Square Better Business Bureau Report | C- As of the last update of this review, Square is not showing as accredited on the
your on your phone
I wish everyone a safe and peaceful holiday weekend!
Tough times never last, but tough people do. ~ Robert H. Schuller
did you get the sought after advice?
Tomorrow's Valentine's Day, did you get your Dark Choclate Facia? Remind him there's still time for a gift certificate!
Don't know why I'm still shocked by the predictable stupidity of US politics anymore. Maybe I'm just hoping we'll go back to duels soon.
hope it was helpful!!
#PandoraJam He Can't Love U
Wedding season is officially here! If you'll be in town for a wedding, call us for reservations!
B-HEARD meets every Sunday at !!!!!
Yey, it's gonna be a bawl :D clubbin'??? O.o
That can be read on SO many levels!
I have the song cockiness stuck I. My head. Why??
what is wrong with ur left eye in ur new pic it looks pink around it a little
Talk about irritating . I swear as soon as you want to get closer to God the world just come at you sideways .
Beautiful! (And good call on the butter!)
im tired aF n you?/:
Facebook Jobs India
How's Texas History Day going?
I did my summary!
V6M Jon Bones Jones intervew drops tomorrow!
On the Android side, Amazon Kindle Fire makes up half of all tablets sold in America
made a stack lose a thousand
I Like to watch cooking shows and rib like Ha! this dude knows how to cook,what a lame.
thank you for the great information on the #IMSD call today!
done.. I'll try to send them tomorrow. Thanks Tam :-)
very cool! Indy is my home town...hope to get back this fall for CD release party at the Jazz Kitchen!
Straight beast mode....
My favs are how they avoid saying Super Bowl ("The Big Game") and Packers ("The Green and Gold") Goddamn sports licensing...
Just tapped a #StArnold Don Leavy Porter cask made for The Ginger Mans anniv! Youll only find it at The Ginger Man!
I have the advantage of having an adult (22) daughter, who can give me advice on these matters based on her experience.
JERRMAAAAIIINE PAUL.....I haven't been so stoked for someone to win ever....about to cry right now..
im doing ok go ckeck your messages got sumethin to tell u
okay,will do.
South. Im meeting the rents in north carolina for vaca then comin to ny for a couple days/graduation
I'LL COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
make plans to come this year! get your armadillo pin at the door! Hope to see you there
Great first show ladies!
Ok, I'm tired now. Guess I'll go to bed!
Waiters is almost unstopable in the open court
get in my pants, I turned him down & he got me back by dating my sister..
The roads are slippery when wet & I want to say thank you for not allowing an almost 5 car pile up this morning. Way to close! Happy Friday!
Hello Liz!
I want me and her to be husband and wife, but at the same time, I want her to tell me anything like a best friend.
Hey Brendan! I haven't seen you in about 2 weeks (?) We are ALL suffering thru the economy, they better quit!
Lauren is so rude (rollin my eyes) i can cry if i want to. I FEEL TERRIBLE !
Annie got one off Craigslist in dc for $280. But that was a fire sale. Lost yrs or selling?
Ugh i heard you been lying i heard you been snitching... Thats why i cant Fu***wit you instigating Bitches cappn on me and my nigg**
These folks Betta quit playin wit school. Gone mess around n be a junky or some .
#FF our new and old friends
been there, done that...guess I will have to sleep.
i never said i was going to.
Winner! Thanks!
That's awesome. I just made dinner. Was gonna get her a new blender but she got herself one already...
Game 7 tonight Rangers better take care of business
God...I stepped away from Twitter for 3 seconds and there was 100 something new tweets. xD
thanks!“: we love your business!! Have you ever heard of eversave? We have lots of followers who love cupcakes!”
Downie is a clown. He's not half the player Doughty is.
My dog thinks it's cool to chew on her toy right at my feet till she starts chewing on my foot and doesn't even stop. I love my puppy.<3
Thanks soo much :)
Bookstore at Liberty University well-stocked with books about Mitt Romney.
Thanks you.(:
#DontWifeThatChickIf...well...Some of ya'll already turned that Ho into a housewife!!lol
follow me
Painting some #40k minis! Get out of the house and join us for some painting!
Need an electric strike for your home or business? We are offering 5% discount on all strikes today. Call (323) 731-2561 and use code: 15978
sit down some where lol
I just booked the feature film "Rolling"! Yay-ah!
that's soo gross and so funny
they look bad, dude.
I hate how I cry over the dumbest things!
I still believe the rams got a steal with robert quinn at 14
haha lol that's great its freezing here I'm wearing 3 pairs of panties and a turtle neck.
I got it at the mint show!
we must find them! We need to search like we did for the nail polish haha.
aye man yall gonna stop comin at rondo like this! He still the fyest around! :D
Just a video game
i crashed your ass everytime...
Hi Regina! Thanks for your input. We used to hold an SPSS course, but we can look into it again for future semesters :)
everybody should tweet a cheesy pick up line!! I'll RT and follow every one who does!:)
at least Neal is showing some fire. That second goal had to be blown dead. Made no sense
US SC rules in Morrison v. NAB Ltd. case involving the scope of application of s 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Identify lawful termination and potential legal problems dealing with employee termination.
Hehehe “: I don't like being a hater #jamieisms #lunchshenanigans”
runs also allowed in Texas. Maybe in DC too, but it's a long drive. Nearest Sonic 90 miles away.
Aye hit me asap best ..!
HI ALL NEW FOLLOWERS!! THANKS ALOT! I FOLLOWED U ALL BACK..THANKS FOR THE RETWEETS.
Kraft giving away samples of Philadelphia cream cheese at train station is the weirdest product promotion I've come across in a long time.
aw cute!!!
I followed that whole thing in real time. I couldn't believe my eyes. If possible, I'd love to get a copy of that.
I want an M3!!
Get your Sunday off to a great start, brunch with us!
HAHAHAHA You're so cute
Dish Network just picked up Gospel Music Channel (GMC) on 188. This means we'll get next year's Dove Awards! Yes!
Believe me, I'm making NO assumptions, which is why I'm asking!
My voice is cracked out
I just got a parking ticket in the mail...from 2005. Raise your hand if you think I'm paying this soon. No? No hands?
Last chance for SUPER deals at the #GarageSale! All proceeds go to #Haiti...prices are negotiatiable.
Fellow Natalie Keegan's program Kids 4 K9s is using bonds between animals & youth to teach kids to control anger, solve conflict, empathize.
idk. When I get my paycheck for the show. To get a new phone it cost like $1,000 so its going to be like a month or so.
A fair living could be made from making background music for tech startup videos that doesn't include an arpeggio or a jangly guitar.
Rev. Best is the best! He married Carl & I eleven years ago.
you are a dog person. ;)
Valentine dinner at so lovely!
NICEST SPOT ON FRIDAY NIGHTS !!! COCO LOUNGE/ COCO XO !!! PROFESSIONAL, MATURE ATMOSPHERE, CALL ME IF U NEED A SPOT 210-789-9079
Rock and roll
I hate working downtown so many weirdos!
thank you!! #titanpride :)
NO YOU TOUCH ME IN MY SLEEP
Gabe just ran over a flowerbed and wheel barrel with his jeep...and ima bad driver.
Now i understand haha it was an intense season finale! and i do to!! but i have a feeling that she may go with damon now!
And I heated the cider too long and it burnt my freaking tongue. Holy shit that hurt, oh, and I got my cam today!! Let's chat it up :P
TODAY IS MY 18TH BIRTHDAY! YEAH!!!!!
": #MentionTo someone who meas a lot for you." <3
Send me noods so I know it's real
man that is great news! I had submitted my Marine application
The Brookeville market smells like a dirty band aid.
just a heads up I'm using your pentest bookmarks on my blog. I plan on cleaning it up a bit. Gave you credit.
Hey contact K104 and Request "She Certified" RT
(my process is an optimal combination of Berkenkotter/Huckin and Magnetic Poetry)
Expecting that embarrassing frozen car-door lock problem also expensive
Not entirely sure what u are looking for, but Kelly Kimberland and Secret Agent L come to mind...
Happy St. Patty's Day! Are you wearing your green?
lots of sirens and helicopters E of Hamilton. Scanner doesn't have much. Have you heard anything?
I hate this school. People assume things that aren't true, without knowing the truth, & blame me.. Wtf?
Awesome! Any marriage takes alot of work. Love makes it easier.
LOL ok then cool
Our pleasure! thanks to all for showing A GALAXY OF IMMORTAL WOMEN #aas12. appreciate it, guys!
Lets hope RB does some time in The Tower
Anticipation + anxious = Rip my hair out!
Of course! I would love to.
FriendCaster rocks! RT Dear thanks for making a quality Facebook app. Saved me from wanting to kill my phone. ;)
this isnt a manga. Everything is overly dramatic in manga. #Futurama does a great job in making fun of that btw
GRIM IN THE LAB GETTING READY DROP IN THE FALL KEEP FOLLOWING AND STAY TUNED MAKE SURE Y'ALL STOP THREW THE SITE AND CHECC RAPPIN MITCH ^€
hahaha yep <U+262E><U+262E> :p
Right now, best guess is Tommy Hunter, Jake Arrieta, Wei-Yin Chen, Jason Hammel, Brian Matusz. In no particular order.
Watching Dead Poets Society & seeing how the individual voice is suppressed & made to conform. Love Tuvan-inspired music of Maurice Jarre.
Glad to join the #teaching2030 chat from Alabama. High school SS teacher, Ed tech adjunct professor and PhD student.
I'm not ready to leave. I don't want to leave. Is it too late to turn back. Everything will be fine I just don't wanna be gone for that long
I wish. Shit I wish I did for that matter lol
What a nice day in the Land of Enchantment!
"Thanks to Ken Burns, I got absolutely no sleep last night." has been said numerous times but never has it refereed to KB's sexual prowess.
good night with and last night I hear??
I don't understand what any of this is anymore.
Gonna finish getting ready for school then wait for my maa to pick me up :/!
the site looks great! I'm definitely interested.
Legumes are too harsh on dietary track I guess. But red meat is not? Just eating what the wife hands me...
with any luck the crazy Artest will get kicked out of the league. He is totally Nuts
Follow my bieber account ;) -tia
even better, I'll buy two :))
with all the monorail problems they've had this year, i'm not so sure...
Officially part of the iPhone family :)
CP shuts down the A's-- Tribe wins it 2-1
In my day kids got pantsed and wet willied at school. Nowadays kids get shot smh
what was your paper topic on?
Roscoe Smith bangs another three. This time without the backboard. Better scream and chest bang this time around though.
2nite we welcome #Ajaax #StellarStyle #Totmaka to They will be spinning the best Electro House & Moombahton!
Long ago, in 1993 from college, and 1998 from graduate school
Nah I'm good I got inspiration
I may love shopping, but I'm not buying your bullshit.
should make for some laughs lol
Crazy old man on bus makes praying sign and bows to Asian girl getting off bus #isitracist?
good night Matt <3
Dear sellers: Cthulhu =/= Octopus.
IT'S TIME FOR THE MOTHER OF ALL PROTEST AND MARCH TO WASHINGTON AND TELL THOSE CRIMINALS IN CONGRESS ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !!!!!!
S/O to my moma today on this mothers she's my inspiration for everything
DREAM OF WAFFLES!
hey aaron happy holidays
... it somehow seems just perfect for a fabulous contemporary museum.
Thanks for following us!
Egyptians must closely watch those army boys: They can be dangerous! Even worse than tyrants!
Dress shopping success!!!
thanks. It's surprising & kinda telling how much people will pay for social experience w/no financial gain.
Studio Paris tonight with ChiIL Productions !~
: #PalePeopleProblems being given the kiss of life if you fall asleep in public.
S/O to for giving me his jacket because I dressed inappropriately for the weather.
No way, man. Creamy and slightly bitter. ;P
Dear Santa: I would like a facemask for Christmas please. Like the ski kind. I can't feel my face and I think my nose just fell off.
dangit I'm sorry babe. I accidentally sent a black message #badboyfriend lol
On the Phil bandwagon, but will he pull a "Phil"....?
its ben a slow going srping break hope it stay going slow
that an iPad (limited revenue) ad experience can take place on a mobile smartphone via QR code (huge revenues)
They were great in Boston. Looking forward to both sessions this year!
I love my life . Wouldn't change it for anything !
When you back from the A?
fan just hit the jackpot shot from half court!
Still can't believe what #oomf told me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
YEA ME TO! IF THEY CANT BE NICE & RESPECTFUL THEN BE QUIET! I DEAL WITH KIDS AT SCHOOL LIKE THAT TO. 1 BROKE MY GLASSES THIS WEEK!
the Economy in like Harlem, Bronx, Brooklyn are terrible! So many people are out of work in the City, but they keep it Hush Hush!
Quit watching TV and start packing Mister!
Library Time... motto of the week "C's get degrees"
I Love You Too Hootchie (;
showing America what many of us have known for years!
Bullying is never a cool thing to do
Oh ish! What? Damn.
So like all of my freshman and sophomore books are gonna be in my locker the last day of school . .
RT Book and record stores aren't search engines. They should be visited to discover something you didn't know existed. - fact!
There is nothing wrong with America that the faith, love of freedom, intelligence and energy of her citizens cannot cure
Umm...what was that on The Voice just now? #and this is why I don't watch tv!
or you work in social media like me :)
lmao lucky you!
Cuz I been thinking bout forever
oh I didn't think it was offensive I thought it was funny xD
Fantastic! Hopefully #knerd shirts will be in abundance :)
That sounds like it's singing its swan song.
I am doing excellent shopping. My depressed state of mind means I'm being even more frugal than usual.
Who skated yesterday and where? It was GO SKATEBOARDING DAY!!!
same to you homie
My pleasure completely - you must try them! The Salted Sailor was my favorite- to die for :)
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
Sorry guys I was away from twitter a little bit!! But now I'm back as always hard and horny! Ready to get some ass and some big dick on me!!
this is u r official account ..??
“Childhood and adulthood were not factors of age but states of mind.” <U+2015> Alex Shakar, The Savage Girl
Also Thanks to for following us as well!
come by Hillel, we'll fine one!
Locked out of my house...greet.
Go to #BacchusMKE - A Restaurant! It's a great place for graduation dinner w/ your parents!
My bed is so comfortable. I try to get up an its like "come back. Lay on me". Next thing I kno I'm n bed. Lol
Bruins lost im like so mad & Sad ritee Noww..... Here goes to a Tough Few days!!
The delight of opening a new pursuit, or a new course of reading, imparts vivacity & novelty of youth even to old age. - Benjamin Disraeli
CNUV get in now cause the run is gonna start! Loved loading below the 20's! CNUV is primed!
umm u cant kick u cripple lol
Training Truth: Neglecting the muscles you don't always see in the mirror will create muscle imbalances that can lead to future injuries.
I shared your site w/my coach at No Excuses CrossFit. The custom option might be of interest to them.
we have our next show in Atlanta in may... Right now we are currently in the studio finishing up some demo work. NEW EP SOON!
Look how popular the moon is tonight. It must feel special.
Thanks again for all your support. We get loads of retweets and followers based upon your mentions, #FF's and RT's. Thank you!
Play "guess my distance" by running for an unknown amount of time. Check your phone to see how close your guess is to reality.
I feel like the next iPhone and iPads will have that in them
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try making a commitment and telling someone
Ha! Breaking news: professor says 1st-yr students know how to research so they don't need instruction. Related, librarian dies laughing
You could always root for the Avalanche. Oh, wait.
Here we go, Philly P! You're being followed now, btw. :)
The bird and the worm = epic.
The US's maternal mortality rate was 24/100,000 live births in 2011. Compare that to Canada's 12, Singapore's 9, Japan's 6.
team leo fasho boo!
we wish all on the east coast luck from hurricane Irene.. take care! our Massachusetts offices will be back open Tuesday.. closed Monday!
Back from Jamaica Wedding. Views were serene and locals very friendly. Sandals Montego Bay was excellent. Sunset's beautiful.
but actually, i want to more than you could ever know!
lol you're welcome girl
I'm at Antigua tonight with dominico huso, ken bennet, and lots of fun. Come in and warm up with great music and great drinks:-)
It's a small (air conditioned) world.
Eating lunch on the patio listening to & watching the rain...not too shabby!
Happy hour is over but the nachos are looking good. Don't drink on an empty stomach party people!
Mujica with the save, Marlins with the
Congratulations to the Dallas Mavericks, maybe next year the Heat will bring it home. Be sure to follow us for up to date information
Cool with #showers tomorrow, high: 57. Mainly dry Saturday, still cool. Sunday looks sunny & warmer, high 71. Monday's high: 78!
Entrance Exam!
haha wait until college. you will never pay for a drink
I just wish she would have gotten out the meatsuit for this #etgaga show.
playing some tourneys getting ready for the wpt @ hollywood indiana
Don't run backwards!!!!!!
That awkward moment when your prom date tells you theyre gonna be 6"0 tall in heels for prom ...
"Soul Swagger Entertainment * Worldwide Music Marketing". Sounds Better...what chu think?
I personally believe that if there's one thing you should learn in your lifetime, it's how to play an instrument.
Les Biesecker giving good overview of exome capture at
Me too!
It's so damn funny how people try to pose but they Always usually get busted
I'm not about to just randomly START watching Glee.
Happy Chocolate Day! Enjoying dark chocolate infused w/spicy red chili in celebration of this important observance.
Just changed from TMobile to Sprint so if you're trying to call me, I have a new #... I'll shoot it to you when I get sum free time.
Both! Why not?
Essays in Idleness (Tsurezuregusa), by Kenko
aye bro when you make it bug i'm gonna need about 7 thousand bucks man
Datz wazzup HTOWN Texas to ATL -- s/o to The Newest Member of 's Grand Hustle Family Trae The Truth
Me too; ERJ!!!!! You going tonight?
“KILL HIS ASS , OBI ONE !”
Today in Blues History: Jackie Wilson’s “Lonely Teardrops” released on November 24, 1958.
My birthday weekend is over... :'(
As we “stand for guarding of good health,” so we are celebrating #NWHW. How do you stay healthy?
Indeed we are! But through my personal acct. Through my "page" i can't connect w/ "people" only other pages. Oh Facebook.
i hate waiting for people to finish gettin ready to go out esp. cuz i take like 5hrs to get ready!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activistoftheyear because... of his hard hitting writing about the Social Contract in the US
No Prob. Enjoy Your Day Ma'am.
Boxing and grappling today. If not now, when? Be worried. This comeback is gonna be on some "Sugar can do THAT?" Stuff.
Cant wait to finally hang out with my best friends tomorrow<3
One more follower to 100! C'mon fans!
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 10
Busy day, kids at school, dmv trip, than gotta get ready for the Remy Martin event and victory party for my friend Kenyan.
So pumped to see what can do with this opportunity to start tonight! Release the #Manimal!
Sipping an Old Fashioned, basking in the beautiful Christmas-y-ness of downtown Lawrence KS.
and thank you. RT : BuildingMoxie Thanks for following us.
thanks Joe!!
so you're a butt doctor now..?
I know what you mean, an unexpected bright side of my job is learning more about a business I knew little about.
oh brother
I'm sorry & you're welcome :) RT : Think I might have been converted into a coffee person thanks to !
Off to school! Hope wakes up & comes
will not be missing the traffic after #FSU and #Terps from #CollegePark; you'd be better off at Bentley's
ahahahahahaha :o RT : RT : Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
do you have a droid? I got a free NFL fantasy case of you want it
Perhaps we can control our life if we want! :)
congrats on the hot wife though
" Goodnight to all my tweets it is party time. " Be safe if stepping out tonight like me:) "
Made it to work today...barley. Still have no appetite. If I had to have a stomach bug, I'm glad it was yesterday & not this coming weekend!
if someone else does I'm going in for the opportunity. ;-) #TeamTop lol.
There's a Finish LIne Area Map in your Race Wknd Magazine. Your best bet is to designate a spot around the Recovery Tent!
Derby derby derby
Ready for this week to be done or at least Thursday night
New Castle, PA is full of pill fiends, wannabe mobsters, and white trash. There are very few exceptions.
I trusted my instinct and decided to keep watching the video until it hits 5 million views.
we have Flash based site too: www.paltalkexpress.com
#B.A.M Squad
Merry Christmas!
Showing my 76 year old father, , how to use Twitter.
Cocaine for breakfast! My favorite!
Oh. She's just getting ready for her date... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
SWV's new project is like Grit's, HOTT! like fire~BAMM.
Acorrding to my mom me and my sister eat her bras and that's why they are all missing
My "How History Matters" class asked us to identify 10 places where we "experience history." Where do you experience history?
Yea, you right.
LOL young girls who act like they're potheads to get guys.
Sounds like a plan.
Just saw Korean Zombie trending & I could have sworn it was for kick a$$ asian martial arts zombie apocalypse flick
Whats up girl?
What's with these bear hugs between draft picks & the commish.....
Most universities in England are going to have fewer places to offer students this year, as the funding changes ..
BRO. those Hooters girls....smh. FLY!
This isn't 1993. Charlie Ward is not walking though that door. 'Nole fans sound like the Irish- bitterly holding on to glory long past
please notice me ashley!!!!
hi, i just signed up as a FOSS project and bought some creits but I can't use them until unqueued?
I woke up Monday morning and decided that I will start a #blog this year. Suggestions? Tips? Advice? :)
oh, hope you stay warm! yes, one place has offered a discounted rate, but I'm still looking for something better. :-)
The Indiana AIDS Fund wants to fund 500 rapid HIV tests this World AIDS Day. Text "KNOW" to 20222 to donate $10 for one test.
Nice to read an article that's fairly truthful about the public's perception regarding crime, instead of the usual puff piece.
I'm sure "Grandma Havana" will be a hit
4 sake of yur own self-respect, let quackery go. Focus on what will improve US: racist birtherism wont, I guarantee it!
& already forgot the brand :p lol
it does. It's gonna be tough I wanna say 7
I guess. But he didn't say he's against Asians playing b ball
Was just reminded of Car Wars on the TI-99. My dad hid it from us so we wouldn't learn to drive a car with a joystick. :)
Hoping Nyjer Morgan gets in the game for #Brewers today, if only so people can see and enjoy his crazy neon pink shoes.
Out here early feels like Hollywood out here ((CALIENTE))!!!!....wishn u the best cuzzo bout to gt naked hollywood needs gas lol#wheamylocs@
one of those wins had better not be tonight
Off the plane for 40 minutes and still no bag... Why does Austin have the slowest bag return of anywhere American Airlines flies?
Likewise in great appreciation of your work/service! Thanks for your enthusiasm regarding our Peace Exchange!
Want to win some money so I can get a new ipod
you left your shoes in my car!
We will never forget 9/11, our thoughts go out to everyone on this day!
Happy protest anniversary, Wisconsin! 1 year and counting!
um I'm tryna think
Great job on CBS for #wildhorses. More power to you & thx for all you do for America's mustangs.
I've already got some goodies (freebies) for you ladies! :) xoxo Thank you!
Unpacking auction items for Power of the Purse on Thursday - our scarf designed by Hilton Hollis is gorgeous.
Head is feeling better, though the humidity is still thick. Nice to see the sun, though.
We all know we have weaknesses, but focus on strengths and how far they can take you
Attend my seminar this Thursday evening at burbankfilmfestival.org/seminars.html. Am looking forward to it!
But all my niggas shit long as fuck ! They been growing they shit unlike the rest of you followers !
hello to you too.
Canton bocce is cancelled today.. Head to looneys for drink specials! Bocce party this Friday at stalking horse 8-11pm all you can drink!
I just finished. Now my only challenge is keeping track of all the habits I want to change :-/ Small Wins.
If the suit is the modern day equivalent to a knight's armor, the pen might be akin to their insignia. It makes a statement on its own.
Yeah I agree it was a terrible decision but if it was just a work & Kharma is gonna crush them in the future, it's all good.
Mosley describes being hit by Pacquaio
i know man. looked illy!
RT : #G2B12 great day everyone! Safe travels! <--- thank you for being there! Your cookware ROCKS!
Allergic to the hater type
I'd highly recommend Amazon Prime as a replacement. Selection not as good, but can pay for individual movies too.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it. Laurence J. Peter
poor baby
I simply do not know. . . but it is awesome. . .
Watch me on "The Doctors" on may 22 tuesday at 2 pm on channel 2!!!!! So excited!
Are you using the money you stole from Epic Poker Fail? Wheres Pollack? Joan Rivers had a dead on read on your ass man. spit!
RT : "Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it..."
I don't judge. I still love Woody Allen after Soon-Yi.
Caramel Brulee Milkshake
most of the time i feel like gently massaging my teacher's face with a cactus
Not Sure. The story of why she left was what she needed to tell herself to feel better. That moment hurt my soul just to see.
thank you so much for the RT! :-)
Man Suare To God I'm In Love With Vinny Castronovo!!!<3
Cosmic Boy's uniform circa 1981: Why is it the worst thing ever, and whose idea was it?
Why do I even try???
Looking to do petsitting in Fishers Noblesville, Anderson Indiana
Rehearsal for staged reading of "Los Embrujados" tomorrow. Going to warm up with some tacos first. LOL!
"Unless you're the lead dog, your view never changes." Unk #Quotes #Lead #fb #ff Need a #Change?
I don't think is a loser
what happened to the g+ buttons? i go to bed, they look ok. i wake up, they look horrible.
"ya sixths"...WHAT?
Glad ESPN knows I would rather watch Aaron Boone doing nothing than watch baseball
Black coat, white shoes, black hat, Cadillac, yeah.... the boy's a time bomb.
#ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor ... Hate... Bigotry... Luddites...
#Gyrotonic equipment offers complete freedom of movement. It's fully adjustable to meet the needs of every body type and level of strength.
I will be going to Gandu...sounds like a very interesting midnight movie for #mff2011. What will you be seeing at #mff2011? Faves? Duds?
today was a great experience even if it's just that...
check out my,music www.reverbnation/youngsiic.com........."turn it up"..#B.A.M. Sqaud
ah okay haha .. I live in Germany and just saw season 8 .. what's happening right now? :)
A special thank you to Ron Schildknecht & John Whitney for all their hard work on the Faculty Favorites Top 11 video. Great work!
Happy #FF to active NTB reviewers
home sweet home
Does anyone out there think Allen Gregory is funny at all?!
nice so many good burger spots in Houston I was always reluctant to even give Red Robin a shot.
The clown/car thing, I meant.
Does anyone want to donate a short bus, or know of anyone selling one?
tell Carol I said happy mother's day too! We got some great Mamas!
We could watch the sunset. Watch the sunset.
Girls night
good luck today! Just be yourself and if that doesn't work then pretend to be me. LOL
Agreed. Friend or Nemesis? Either way. Happy Bday :)
yes, I do! When can we make that happen??? ;)
yeah man. he knows you would have crossed him. i yelled that to him that during the game. haha
lol I was thinking the same thing.
Fuck you John Sterling!!!!!!! You fucking idiot I can't stand you sometimes
There are no Saints ... everyone has flaws ... take care of yourself
This mornings traffic report: every road inbound and outbound is jammed. Check back tomorrow for the exact same report.
At work checking on the SPORTZ news.......
Baby i hear melody's when your heart beats; It sings to me like; Fa La La La La <33
Thank you!
we need the younger guys to get healthy. I love that kid Almonte. He's not ready, but the talent is there
And the next year: Jews in Germany Mark First Free Purim Since Liberation at Series of Festivities (1946) via
I found reference to a Joseph Dorr but nothing that met my pre-1853 test. I'm open to new evidence, though.
“: Dookies locked in a scrum with Belmont.” -Please never use rugby terminology inappropriately again.
Big, warm welcome to our newest countries giving support to #iPhone game! Glad to have #Netherlands and #Argentina on board!
Ditto- it was so nice catching up! xx
Damn my baby sick. She caught my cold smh.
Thank you so much for following me :)
#salsa & #bachata dance performances bands and party tonite at Millennium Hotel downtown #STL! Tremendous party guaranteed!
Bless you, my child. :-)
Looks like the severe weather threat should stay to our south tonight. Details on #NBC15 News at 5.
We tell the world how we #love by how we take care of ourselves.
RT : Ex-Dewey Vice Chair Says Firm Owes Him $61M; Secretaries Told of Layoffs; Departures Pick Up - News - ABA Journal...
T1 - guidance - sure. can't we all use some guidance? But regulation. Maybe it's just the season, but that worries me.
No, but unfortunately the cashier would not see my point of view...
I plan to wear it Saturday so pics to come soon :):)
Morning playlist? Gavin Degraw, Ed Sheeran, Niki Minaj, Gotye, One Direction, Katy Perry. All on replay :D
then I'm going to read a write fanfic muahah.
it's a quote. calm down. no one's talking crap about you and your friends. don't like my tweets, don't follow me. idc.
o shoot that sucks, have you ever had a Ultrasound on your abdomen before??
#COUGARS when is the next game? Or is there anymore for this year?
Grouposts is currently looking for group ideas! How would you like your OWN social network? Submit your request today at www.grouposts.com!
Come see our booth tonight at the Women's Expo at Great Lakes Distillery. See ya there!
Cutting the grass in March...
Sleeve of saltines: Let me wear you. On the inside.
Don't know what I want any more..
well, that's because i'm taking your word for it. i know there's a reason, as to why you called him that.
Stop being so damn insecure.
still being bigoted Lisa...have some charity...you act like a modern pharisee.
First Barcelona closes and now Primebar. Where will the $30k "millionaires" go next?
haha I'm thinking about it..
We are checking out a special preview of 's one-of-a-kind projection show tonight. So pumped to see what they've done!
..yeah fam it's crazy...i guess its just growth man !
night everyone had a wonderful day :D
I really really liked Haunted, the lyrics are great
trying to get it all together brother. Had some bumps in the road since DC. But I'm getting it in order.
Having fun with twitter. Milwaukee folks... hit me up so we can mutually follow. thx! (this offer not limited to brew town folks.. ;)
So, wrap it in tin foil then? Gotcha.
Just R.S.V.P'd for Georgetown University's Lavender Graduation. Looking forward to learning more about this Georgetown tradition.
In what ways do you think we can reach young people more effectively, rather than just putting curfews and restricting them from places?
Just checked in listening to Alexis Maybank.
Sorry for the lack of tweets lately ...so how is everyone ?
There is nothing wrong with wanting more from this life.. u are only as big as your dreams so dream big:)
All about toughness. Louisville is grinding RT Seems like Florida is up 10 and its tied
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work” - Thomas Edison
RT : "To change and improve the conditions in your life, you must change and improve your thoughts.<U+0094> R C Allen
YO! ESPN, let CNN handle the News, get back to sports! Penn State bullshit is not sports; since when is morality your game? SPORTS! NEXT!
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<U+2600>
Excellent break-out session led by & - many challenges to genome interpretation, but well worth it
Let food be thy medicine!
RT : Shire to buy Pervasis Therapeutics to complement Advanced BioHealing acquisition. Price not disclosed. $SHPGY
Thanks for that!
RT : Ask & answer museum social media questions in our #musesocial conversation on Fri. the 13th at 12:30 pacific time.
thanks :) I'm sure you did well in all your classes too!
"If you don't care it doesn't matter." - Grandpa Cunsolo
Another stupid shot selection gets Gooden yanked for DNP Leuer.
thank u :)
That awkward moment when you can't think of what to tweet to
going to tomorrow. wicked psyched ;)
look at that girl with the daisy dukes on.. i want you to, look at that girl with the daisy dukes on! everybody.. lol
I always love to hear new G.O.O.D. Music.
u birthday is soon<3
That's what I thought after I did it, "it'll have a good summer"
lol MAYBE. oh I thanks
On February 28, 1991, Don Mattingly was named the tenth captain in team history.
The #Bucks playoff hopes, on life support heading into the night, are officially zapped after the #76ers blowout Win over the
You are WAY too organized if you cross "have morning coffee" off your list. Oh and it wasn't me.
call ME!
The California state bar believes I am a worse criminal than a lawyer with two drunk drivers. I would never kill anyone.
Inside=air-conditioning, outside=hot as hell. I choose to stay inside for now
I buy 32 oz. for $16 at Farmer's Market, so you are getting a better deal than I am. How local is yours?
really nice evening here...
I think things are pretty darn interesting already.
Why should any NFL team move to CALI anyway. SF hasn't won 1 in almost 20 years, OAK in 30 years, and SD.........NEVER
#74-Greg Jennings-WR-Green Bay Packers
What's a subtweet? Ha.
As we approach the 2012 season, who do you think is the Wild Things' biggest rival? We'll RT our favorite responses!
you and Shawn both killed it, ill spread the word
can you please come to Arizona next? I FREAKINGLOVEYOU . And I'm only 14:p
Not a fan of Dillard's impressions, or pitching?
If only I was there already! I would so go!
RT : #NHL comes down hard on #Flyers, allows Zac Rinaldo to suit up for Game 5.
Also, glad I could help with some political advice and I'm excited for what lies ahead for you!
I don't tweet so well that an update on twitter 1 hour before a show will get me to a show. HOW WAS IT?
Well its Monday. What's up Johnathon
I would do anything for love (but I won't do that). Wtf! What is THAT?
Yeah, getting Google juice is nice and there are still plenty of readers like us. Next gen might be very different though
Love, LOVE the new facebook pages! Now you can use your facebook page for your business/brand on other pages! Awesome! :)
Crazy girl, don't you know I love you.
I stopped watching a couple months ago. Congrats though!
SO tired today. Where is the sun when I need it?
Mom thank you for not having an abortion I promise I won't waste the life you and God gave me.. - Tony D
I'm so sleepy
Make it so #catchysong RT : needs to be in the video for "My feet don't touch the ground"
Creative cloud = all adobe's products for a monthly subscription. $31 / month for me as I have CS5. YOWZA!
Fill in the blank Friday! If I could go anywhere in my Mercedes-Benz, I would go to ___________.
good what's up? (:
any preferences on who u wanna play for n nxt weeks draft? Gimme the straight talk, not how u would answer on TV lol
na a trip for 2 to Jamaica.
Ur not alone Luv Vamp I'm always w/ u in spirit. U make sure u have a Happy Blessed Easter! xo
#RT!!! ": Don't call me if you have no conversation I will not even answer the phone next time"
thank you. Everything rings true except for "tolerate alcohol". Seems to start earlier & last longer...
Can anyone advise on a good course/workshop to learn to use EP Budgeting? I'm "technologically impaired"
GREAT ! she's so pretty, I'm jelly /: ahah how was vacay?(:
Why do psychics have to ask for your name?
Just submitted my draft picks. Concerned Viks trade 3d, Bengals at 17, and a possible Pats trade, but confident otherwise! :o)
New (and first) iPhone! My mom is awesome
I am one of them but would take a Seahawks W over a contest anyday
Am I drunk or does Mr. Fillion look like a fatty foopa on JKL?
Hey, , what's your favorite kind of exercise?
I know. But youd have the time of your life.
Big Bill has his reasons for being a Wildcat fan, even tho NU never awarded me an honorary degree as they did my enemy Gov. Frank Lowden!
like budge, sludge, or drudge
Im wearing a #Canadian pin in honor of . Hopefully hell notice me now. :P
my two kids haven't blinked since the puppy bowl started
what have i done to be treated in such a way
Just had a great conversation with Kelly Ann Collins on Twitter. See you soon KAC!
Consider rents, home prices, downpayment, and avaialable financing beforing buying a home. Compare costs to determine the best deal.
Grilled steak kabobs for dinner. I love being at my Mom's house.
Ops! Someone forgot to bring the flowers!
What people say to your face isn't a problem, the problem is what they say behind your back"
Do you have a process for sending samples?
Shit I am a fucked up redneck
We are curently offering the best alarm systems at the best prices Check us out. www.tucsonalarm.com or give us a call..@ (520)290-8515
Congratulations! You must be so excited. We serve an awesome God and I pray that He uses your devotional to bless readers.
Want to get a pickup truck and or conversion van just to have something in my life that is whimsically airbrushed.
thinking bout retiring from dis music ...We can't take it being in da club where everybody rapping bout is selling dope all the time...
Reading Inpiring Excellence - really great book on leadership by Michael Schutzler
CBS was like who can we get to do this that's already on the payroll
11 hours and my vacation begins!
We get to decide how we structure our day!
All of you need to go away and stand by your own locker lol...like 20 fucking people are by mine every day
WordPress Security Rocks!
how did they make the rainbow without the colors bleeding?
I can handle myself...Thanks
Morning workout complete! Now for sleep & back tonight!
What's Up ?
Sleeping in
20 minutes to #DesignBizChat -get ready 4 a packed hour abt Collaboration!! Join us at 10 am ET! Creating opportunities, how to's, dos/donts
RT : Today's Steven Wright-ism: Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have 's' in it?
school sucks! But u make my day every day! I <3 ya
Can't wait for new royal pains episodes #royalpains . I may be addicted to tv......
Who wants to win $200? How bout some Redsox Tickets? Come to The Place 2night, our 3rd Annual DANCE MARATHON starts at 10pm ( )
So jeal! I can't wait! (But I have to until Monday.) RT THE HUNGER GAMES TONIGHT
I saw that. I was heartbroken. How could you not be following us?!
follow me cause I love yu more than gummy bears
Heat doing Damagee! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> Loving it <U+2764>
"...they say hip-hop's dead. I believe it's just the fans."
[We live. We learn. We grow] You are the only one who can use your ability. It is an awesome responsibility. -Zig Ziglar
new music soon niggas, just be patient.
analog candidates in a digital world...
it was called 'one for the money'
Recording guitars for the new song.
“: I have a huge boner right now” hot
Despite all The POLITICS I still love the Music Industry...
God bless you! <3
naw man, it's the kiss cam!
Great day today! Enjoy the weather while it lasts!
Go Syracuse, Ohio St, & Michigan St!
That awesome moment when Diary by comes on, in Pandora (: #MyDiarySaidIWasInLoveWithYouTino #lifemade <3
We are trying to reach out to your BD team Alexander. Could you forward me your BD contacts? Thank you.
pats thinking about moving up ... Bill is smooth
n ha ha he got his on car chica
We counldn't do any worse. Heck yeah! RT : maybe we can host next year.
Sometimes I drink coffee because I feel I have to. Wait... not sometimes.
. I love CEB. When it comes to California law, it is the best legal resource for my money.
3:Born this way
thanks for the follow :)
Ok, thanks to i now know the differences between a novella, novelette, and a novel. I mean, who knew? :)
Come on ... Away teams making late push too :)
When will the new trailer be online?
I know. I'm like dude, just shut up.
cool. it's m.langkjaer at gmail.com Thanks!
AprilFools - jokes on us in #Milwaukee - summer is apparently over!
Just learned that passed away today. Words escape us all. RIP
I was told Spirit Airlines is hiring 500+ individuals at Ohare.
haha... Totally. Uh-duh yeah I guess its like boot camp but fun
If only Brett Favre would have run the ball the Vikes may be in the Super Bowl.
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It! on Twitter!
Jimmer from the locker room!
: Reluctant readers read book on Nook, were astonished to see size of print version... I loved hearing that!
PORNOGRAPHY, THAT IS GAY, IS MY FAV. I WATCH IT WITH MY FRIENDS ALL THE TIME.
25 free karma points when you check-in today at Doc's on Foursquare & post a tip!
DOES ANYONE UNDERSTAND THAT I CAN NOT FOLLOW BACK TWITTER WONT LET ME bc I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS SO FOLLOW AND I PROMISE I WILL FOLLOW BACK!!!
for cut and color. Was told I'm the project of the day. Hello
Don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya!
Up 3 going to the 4th, should be more.
No kidding -RT : Can't wait til SCOTUS kills Obamacare so Insurance Companies can FINALLY discriminate against sick ppl again.
I don't know if you remember me, I'm from and I met you at last yrs Pax Prime. I just wanted u to know I'm cancer free now. :-)
right there with you
headed to Kokomo with the family today
OMG I'm laughing hysterically at all the funny txt msgs I'm getting
#nowplaying Sex on the radio- Good Charlotte
Colton is just a terrible human being--
I love the Justice League!!
Sunday nights at Coda is happening. Great sound, bands booked by Stephanie Dalton and a good food. I even find parking! WOW
Reading the book "Never Eat Alone" by: Keith Ferrazzi. This book comes highly recommended by Joe Kennedy and Zita Gustin. Stay tuned.
Well. Overbay. Meek.
RT : I wana be the only girl you love all your life <U+2665>
nice baseball win. Vargas, defense, 2 clutch hits.
My chunky monkey Chris <3 haha
Peterson wins it. The kid has a broken wrist! And he just won the 3 point shoot out at the Senior All-Star game.
idk I will try
Jesse! Miss him on #Glee!
- so wrong but. Yes! Lol
when u gonna come to SF?
Thanks Courtney!!!
Bill got to see things from the OTHER side of the bar Saturday night... Hear his stories of OTHER people's stories... 222-6000
Afghanistan Bomb Kills At Least 9 At Market In North: KABUL, Afghanistan -- Authorities say a bomb has exploded at a market in northe...
Adventure day! Explored beaches and trails. About to retire to the casa for the rest of the night.
ah so when r we going to make the shirts?
“: Just had an amazing spa day with now time to carve pumpkins and make tacos. What a perfect day <U+263A>” well well well
right now it's really cool to learn Python or Ruby and it's never cool to learn Excel
I've already cringed more times than I can count. And yet...I can't avert my eyes.
it's a nice little city huh?
Man, I wish I was at 's Taste of Hillcrest. But, as usual, whenever they have fun events I'm doing HW. #MBA is almost done!
to the sweat drop down my balls
steelers week 11 and 13. Odd...
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're underage.
It's pretty bad when a computer is so slow it won't even crash in under 10 minutes.
Please , just 5zillon and 1more hours... -.-
Ugh, i swear need my own place!
really you think? How so?? Lol
If there is still so much work to be done at #gc2012, should be spending this valuable time patting ourselves on the back?
no problem :) x
Northern English Brown Ale is tasting pretty nice if I do say so myself!
in the bed if i used my tongue would you like that if i wrote you a love letter would you write back
nothing new on that front far as I know. He wont be a Wing though.
did not post this wtf
Oh it's "seesaws" & , Blue's 2nd most movingly corny line (after "I want to shampoo you.") Now back to work I go.
Um, we serve breakfast too. :)
"What exactly does marijuana do?" "It makes you high, you idiot"
Bout to knock this to-do list on its ass.
SO sad I'm not there to see it :( :(
Wow at that #Whitney tribute on the #imageawards !
do you think that Grant might come back for special investigations like the Live Halloween show? #thanksgrant!!!
there's the obama I missed!
I think BYT got punk'd by an April Fools post :(
RT : Van Gundy does his best work when both teams disgust him. This was his Sistine Chapel
Absolutely agree!
where's ur phone
Appreciate it. RT : Man, it's nothing. Thought I had been following you.
Who do you think you are, running around leaving scars? Bitch, im Voldemort <------ CTFU to funny
I think they were beings and not ships, the things they do will make u think they r ships, they were using thoughts to communicate.
lol.. thats for people who i follow that never follow back..
Got done taking the STARR Test . shit was easy S|O
That this community of consumers are the most savvy (along with the celiac disease community) due to the nature of prevention
You can say that again! It's super cloudy where I'm at. It's depressing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Many thanks for the
#IfWeAreInARelationship There is no one else that I will think about. I hope you do the same.
Can't wait to see mustang Sally band play tonight! Westmoreland expo center. They play at 8. Come on out for a great show
Ah, but have you tried the vinegar
i have the fever tonight.. we know how to show it..... okay im going to HUSSLE my way back....anyone want to show me the steps.
I love talking to ally before I go to sleep :) <3
5 mill and unlimited crazy bread
#YouTubersInIrene this is for u
Sad. re: I'm pretty sure the players outnumber the fans at #Nats Park tonight.
Can't sleep for shit..hmu
Yeah, if that happens I think she would happily walk people thru the process of determining copyright
thanks again!
#Fact RT : If lakers still had Odom an Brown they'll be up 2 games ....
I'll check with Screech first. He would hook me up.
I turned in a project. We.
Dear Mr Pizza man who fucked up the addy and never delivered. Get Fucked!!
Hey peoples free show at the Dogwood Tavernin Falls Church,VA May 30th
"y'all still going to the bars in the rain?" uh yeah. Ain't nothin stopping and I
Went to for the first time last night. Finally a healthy dessert place my husband and I both enjoy! (The kids loved it too)
Seriously LIKE CRAZY was the only one of the four that I haven't seen/cared to see! Thief! There, I said on Twitter.
hi hon:)
yes. Yes it is
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing." Benjamin Franklin
Is it 5 yet?
id rather have sex with myself!
I reckon I will be the one feeling silly today. Keeping an eye on McIntire Dr. Once it starts to get covered, I am heading home.
About $25 thousand to go thru ECPAC to see if it can be fixed up, El Cajon city manager Rob Turner says
“: Roasted Bell Pepper Soup, Spaghetti alla Carbonara (onion,bacon,cream,parmesan & parsley),Fish Tacos!!!”
photo shoot!
You can never get enough of what you don’t really need.
You can do many things in life but you can only focus on one. Make sure you're focused on something of value. Like this squirrel for example
Yes yes it does. :P
No follow, no DM. Twitter's rules.
The thing I love about being black is I can say "it's because I'm black isn't it?"
well im sorry to keep you waiting :)
But, sad news is I lost one of the batteries in my camera so I can't take any more good pictures :(
My head is spinning <3 lol now I can't go to sleep. :)
then talk to her
i need someone to hang with .
its a mailer. They either don't know how to spell San Diego & Tribune, or are incapable of using a spell check.
- Amen. Speak the truth, yo. Lmao
Gorgeous here as well in the Big D...glad I found you on here!
Never give up you're dreams, keep sleeping.
Looking forward to hearing Ambassador Luis CdeBaca speak at tonight's program at the Cottage! - AM
ready to see my cousin :)
pick your horse. Win=1st, Place=2nd, Show=3rd.
Every had one of those moments when you think. Man. I made it this far in life and makes you happy. Makes you want to keep challenging y ...
Listening to born to be somebody and about to curl up and watch #NSN :)
Let me taste between ya legs .
I will not be into work today because all my clothes were stolen off my cloths line.
Hey, lady!
Don't worry your Uk beliebers won't let you down! We'll get it to number #1 :D <U+2665>
Dont believe me? Well Im not afraid to prove to you.
did I mention how much I miss you !
I miss you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> !! And why didn't you come on Saturday ?! We could do something whenever <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Who will you see tomorrow at #SportsExposDen ? and more!
Just fired Google Listen. Random stops and switches mid-listen on downloaded files, inconsistent downloading in the first place. Meh.
Sitting at this desk at work falling asleep....
come to my Bday Ptay tonight and have a shot!
#What2ChainzWouldSay Its 2Chainz I got 2 names, 2 hoes get double brain! I gotta red bone and a white chick put them together, CANDYCAne!!
he said his phone is off
Who Yall Know Can Play 1-5 positions on the court both ends of the ball! no body but Lebron James
No. 8, as i recall.
84 degrees in #Richmond, Virginia? Is this real? Am I dreaming?
the idea that Trayvon should have identified himself to the vigilante is completely outrageous.
Who was the caller that made the Real Madrid/Barca reference?
Hey everybody, let's start calling it "feelance" so we can make some money.
5 Hour Energy
CyrusRules :D She's AWESOME !
Will the two touchdown squirrel be the inspiration for #BCEagles coach #Spaz this week? -
#1 lesson I was taught: listen to the customer. They will sell themselves.
They'll be returned next week: 120 exams just takes a while. You should eat better. No Ritz. #OldFogeyTalkin'
I like a Fast Verse of Eminem :)
Thanks for the follow Helen. If you have any recommendations for an LA agent, please let me know. Thank You
It's a clue!
Sign me up cuz #Bookit RT : looks like Sunday league it is!
Fine Renovations just had lunch down We love it here!
- truee thatt! I aint been on ur site in a minute.. Gotta check it out...
Just crushed my uncle 72 to 14 in madden and he left the house after the game cause he was mad a ran up the score.
Tell him we're getting all 4 seasons out of the way before the first day of Spring! ;)
saw two men pee in public in the past 6 minutes.
I can't stand when your roommates take from you without asking!
If I have to lose you to anyone, I'm proud for it to be
Tweeting my own horn, I suppose.
dont forget to leave out water and food.
To #you who are listening I say: Love your enemies, do good to those who hate u, bless those who curse u, pray for those who mistreat u.
Jus fell asleep.....waiting on train for 2secs....
Ppl fail to realize that Lebron is still that dude.... Hate it or not..
RT Facebook really brings out the idiot in people. ==> Amen, sister!
some Pabsting this weekend!?
At vista game.
We are taking the girl this weekend, she's very excited.
So true! My dad taught me I could do anything!
your package shipped today! Shouldn't take longer than 2-3 days to get it
diylibrarian: Did anyone post their notes from Neil Thakur's talk during the Open Access program at #sla2009? Left mine in the hotel.
Who knew #comps12 would make me want to make love to the universe.
No matter what it looks like believe that God cares and He can turn things around for your good.
I don't really know you that well. But Happy Birthday!
I want to start a women's magazine called "Period". And some months I'll send it out late just to freak out my subscribers.
did not think you were a Kelly fan mate :)
Theres no room in my heart for 2nd place :D Durant& Westbrook are good plus they got Perk from us
Looking for something I'm not use to
Hahahaha not this time but I sure will at some point this week!
Probably a true story... bc he loves his sound system ;)
No relationship is perfect
Do you mind doing me a favor?
niggas dnt noe what a real pussy looks like down here lmao .
Thanks, , want to lead the discussion or shall I? Cheers
We escaped. That's all I care about now. A win is a win... wasn't a pretty one, by any means.
Happy Mother's Day Elianne!!!
My magic 8 ball says The Artist and Hugo will take the most oscars... Of the two, THe Artist will take Best Picture.
42 years since the Kent State Massacre. Do we trust the government/law enforcement more or less?
It is whole milk that has not been pasturized nor homogenized.
Just Dm'ed :D
definitely jr...he's been having a great season so far
Proud to be here at the graduation of my nephew Lamar from St Edwards in Austin. That's what it's all about!!!!! :)
OH, SNAP!
I'm just sayin I got love for pigmalleon
really? haha not what i heard.
Waiting for our bond in the mail, then we can complete TTB paperwork! But for now, cask IPA from sound great!
I'm ready for the list on the children that call me momma!! LOL. Now run along & kiss my namesake!
Fuck everything about rainy Seattle rush hour.
Haha thank you as well :) Hope to show you some new tunes soon!
Work Hard Play Hard
Thanks my friend! I wish you The Best For this New Year !
Wow, the over-the-air antenna reception is awesome here in Albuquerque! Can't wait for Superbowl Sunday!
Sean are you there buddy
True that. But mine won't. :)
#rtcinco errands soundtrack: Cake Station on Pandora. Delicious. Try it.
When you love someone that lives On The Other Side of The Country:(
Long! : ( Just worked and studied, finals coming up and most my teachers are starting early with the work.
Me - "Siri, I have a boner." Siri - "Add 10 oz. white beans, 1 tsp salt, 1 lb chopped ham, pepper to taste. Simmer on med heat for 2 hours."
what up homiieeee!
Drums and Bass down. Guitars and vocals is all we have left EP is coming soon.
Haha. Love him. Pam, too.
ever expanding, taking it a step further: why learn so many if schools are not tech integrated?
Got one left!
well congrats I never knew you had a significant others either! Hehe
Roommate is at the DC DMV. For a new license, they won't accept her soc sec card; instead, they need her college transcripts. Um, what?
Rainy days.
Starting college in the summer, my band is getting somewhere, I live in San Antonio and book shows. I love my life. :)
If you say "there's nothing worse than..."alot then there's nothing worse than talking to you
i saw you in Atlanta tonight! great show!
Betty Drapers life sucks. Thats what she gets for leaving Don MF Draper.
Mother's Day Brunch here at Fritz will feature sausage straight from !! We love to eat it, figure you will, too:)
boom! Now there we go,) thanks T.
Yes. RT : Am I the last to know that #House is ending this season?
I wish R.I.P meant "Return In Peace." retweet if you miss someone who died
You must take care of home before you can take care of anyone else household or ministry!
Careful with your phrasing, Toto. Do you really want to be asking people to tell you where to go??? ;)
That is weird. What if your means of hunting a duck does not involve ranged weapons?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm springing. slowly.
That's the plan! RT : *insert cleverly crafted, theory-based tweet here*
Went to the doc today and I'm officially 5 feet 9 and 1/4 inches....
What are the DC Ladies up to on this lovely Sunday?
This cold is awful.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Hey, come to the Harvest.
Can't decide what color to dye my hair.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Drive-thru with a motorcycle is fun! Glad I have a cup holder and luggage on the bike. Wish more people would do it.
Time to face the day. Two finals after three hours of sleep should be a blast.
Would love to see the following analysis: #GOP voters IQ and GOP candidate. What would the over/under IQ for ?
dont worry about it ;)
See you there, friends! - RT STUDY ABROAD FAIR SEPTEMBER 20th!
love you too chick <U+2665>
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Twerkin the top bar solo again tonight ;) come play !
I'm so weird at times I even amuse myself
This restaurant called Hill Country - BBQ place.
Love yuur new icon(;
“: ...Right, but not even in just Detroit tho.” True but I can't speak on scenes I don't know about
the consequences of being fed delicious food at fancy places <
music to my ears <3
Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smothermon, Pastor Mark Fredrick Tross, Pastor Dewey Moede, Former Congressman and Pastor Bill Redmond
they were looked after by a french arab
Check out our new welcome tab, Click on the "join us" button under our profile picture!
Mom and my sis got snowflake designs for the holidays. I just wanted a plain french mani pedi hehe
ok doing it now...
I haven't had anything to say...
Of course grageband crashed before I could save the song I worked on For an hour
Pottery is like zen just with clay.
And now begins the time of year when I'm jealous of everyone heading to #SXSW. *Sigh* One of these years...
I didn't think a hunk of foam costs 3 grand. /:
WHOA That is one bad ass becoming a man.
Come to here. That's all we have.
was there too but a couple of years behind Quita and I.
I really like the new #Shinedown album!
bewitched girl..
Amazing and Addicting. Did you notice the orange couch in season 1? I was convinced Carrot was involved somehow
The nominees for the Lance Sijan Award were named today: Sergeant Edward Ihlenfeldt and Staff Sergeant Richard Bahr.
excuse me sucka??!! I ain't thinkin n bout them jive turkeys. I'm listenin to my grooves, ready to cut a rug
left the dvr but took tv, both computers, iPod.
Hate exercise, but enjoy walking your dog? Guess what you can still get your exercise while you spend time with your best friend!!
"Who wants to go to Marshall's?!" [ladies cheer]
Happy smooches! Wishing you and Bill a great 2011!
I wish I knew how to make dancing look "oh-so-easy" like those Dancing with the Stars pros!
haha yes it is!
You suck SBK
... Be part of an elite team that fights crime from a hot air balloon OR get slimed every time you say "I don't know"
what is that?
RT : Never, ever apologize for something that makes you happy (via )
I just started two strangers on a long discussion about pigs. Thank you Omelge spy mode.
(bryan) Some co-working desks available to rent at our offices in South Lake Union Seattle. Ping or if interested
I know some people from Adele's neck of the woods, and they get a big kick out of it!
it is nice plus waiting for the fish to bite you just get to talk, seems like people dont talk much this days
That's what I like to be- a pretty kind of mess. Hahah yes
Whew, another successful gala! Thanks to everyone who helped put it on and to those who joined us for the party!
Good morning I guess
's #BestSeminar is coming up tomorrow! It's going to be a great lineup of panel & workshop speakers. Hope to see you there!
Today aws hard and me an the Art teacher hugged it out. Some of my kids dropped drama for Sports! Arghhh. Theblessing is I got new students.
Playing doctor is for kids! Let s play gynecologist.
Beautiful misty morning Denver Colorado
I know, but God got this thing. All is well. Oh they kicked me out too!! All I can do is laugh thou
not open source?? wtf?! what's the advantage of that over wordpress?
I let my haters be my motivators
I love But why are the watermelon ones green? I don't know about you, but I eat the pink part of a watermelon...
i want a steve buscemi donor!
My rps are like all dead right now I'm bored
: are u at the game? Im up here handing tshirts to section 230; back in my seat after the half
Diction so much better. I could hear you from the back this time. Well done.
Soo teachers bee fighting?? Nd they wonder why kids do! Smhh..
Hey Y'all it's on again. Catch me and on today with our artist Diamond at 1pm PT and 2pm ET.
its official. I got that invite lol.
Remember, join @ nychunt.com the money is still there for the taking!
happy mothers day, mom!
School has like never been cancelled for a thunder storm. Besides, this is all going to be gone in the morning I think.
Judge Payne: "When case loads go up, it's impossible for our case workers to deal effectively with our families"
i am not a raper! HAHAHAHHA
Need a dope photographer for a celebrity event in LA June 9th. If you are one or know of one contact asap
My room is so cold.
I miss John Mayer on Twitter.
- Yo man we're trying to get out to to Germany ASAP do you know of any good venues?? Thanks
Recording Mixing Mastering Production all done at Soul Asylum Studios #SoulAsylumStudiosGroup !
#AGirlDeserves The best. Don't cheat, lie, or trick her. Treat her with respect, because if you don't someone else will.
whatchaya gonna do today handsome!(:
"View change as the one constant in your life. Welcome it. Expect it. Anticipate it."-Denis Waitley- Thanx 4 the reminder, !
Attn. clients: Is your online identity helping or hindering your job search? Come find out today at 1:00! Facilitated by
FREE SHIPPING on all styles and room collections!
facebook. talk there.
Cause you live in a maze for me dude :( RT : doesnt even pick me up in his sick as ride :(
everyting come naturally it come naturally wen u wit me baby everything naturally it come naturally it comes naturally bay bay bay baby....
BEST ALBUM EVER! When do you think you'll be releasing your US Tour Dates!?
Weird how the people who know the least about you can have the most to say.
Would anybody like to be in my iconic boyz video?
twitter is shorthand for, mah ba bo. Nah, I don't get it either. ;-)
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i might confess to my crush MIGHT lol
Join us and at the Iron Horse 3-7 for the best Kentucky Derby Party in town!
Watching some #Netflix gotta get my monies worth!
#FavoriteTVShowsAsAKid Dragon tales, Winne the pooh, Scooby doo, bananas in pajamas, Blue's Clues,Sabrina, the Teenage Witch
Who's ready for there copy of #COD #BLackOpps a week early?!!..i know i am..i will only have around 50 copies so 1st come 1st serve
That's hard to tell right now, with all of the injuries of top players, and other factors to consider. Bulls, Heat, or Thunder..
At Apple store. Heard at least two people very upset that they have to make an appointment at a retail store about a phone problem.
W.Facebook.com/takeoutmusic. We will be in studio tonight with Supa Dave on native Noise promoting the red jumpsuit show.
Ratchet, n-gga we act hood But I’m getting money with these white folk..
hey u ok!
RT : TONIGHT! Pat Sajak Assassins with Quief Quota and Hum Drum
Just bought tix for #IgniteBoulder - hopefully see you there!
#best staff ever!
Good stuff Rob. Curious, how often has the Heisman Trophy winner graced the EA NCAA football cover?
End of the night driver recommends Ethiopian Diamond. I agree. Get the lamb tibs.
good morning my beautiful future my man I pray my bestfriend soulmate n backbone . Love your beautiful soul mwah
Ohh lord Ian! ;)
Crying my eyes out watching the finale of grey's
god how's wherever you live?
No, I let someone borrow it on 11th grade, and they let someone borrow it after that, and they never gave it back.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
Fenty: charter schools as innovation labs: "don't try to create excellent school system; create system of excellent schools."
“: wtf ur such a dick lately #bye”
Love walking though campus today
RT RT : Upon putting conch shell to ear at Natural History Museum: "I hear the sound of a toilet."
From inside the library, the football game's drum beats sound like the angry natives in Herzog's Fitzcarraldo.
opens tha door and walks right in the Twitter World....
Excited to support the best! #whodey RT : It's official! has joined BBS as an official Sponsor for 2012!
Kanye, Drake, Big Sean, Jay Z, those kind of rappers.
Listening to a 20something trainer who ends every sentence with, "Right?". No, that's wrong. Very wrong.
Am I the only one excited about ALM content being available through ?
yeah, they will. Im on the committee. Will find out whats going on with that and get back to you. :)
How do you stop a monster from smelling?Cut off his nose.
The hell?
:-) RT : Man I just got an email from that made my day! Its great 2 have great ppl in your corner!
"Sometimes you just need to be with the person that makes you smile, even if it means waiting."
You won't believe what a Vancouver parent told a police officer when asked why he locked up his autistic boys in a caged room. kgw at 5
Today would have been my mom's 80th birthday. (She died at age 58.) Happy birthday, Mommy. I miss you. <3
thanks so much and thanks for letting everyone know about my insane sale!
25 years in tv news...and you think you burned up red ink? Not sure where the ink ended and the blood started...
Thanks for the follow! Glad you found us through !
You gotta love
olive garden !
Trust your gut, Your first instinct is always right.
Oh great, I really like him.
If you aren't watching the Big Game VI stream you are missing ditching winners in €64k pots & imagining full houses.
Everyone is saying that The Avengers was awesome and I didn't see it tonight. :(
Happy National Procrastination Week! Now or later? Later. (thanks )
Bing is beautiful
what would you think of the Bills taking Glenn over Reiff?
Does anyone have a picture of osama dead?
It's going to be a long road, but I'm hopeful :)
thanks for following!
Work hard, play hard. That's my motto. What will you be playing this weekend? I'm heading to the MN state fair.
How was everyones Tuesday?
lmao hahaha and im off friday
yeah yep lets go!
Just woke up, got dressed and ran out to the bus stop, was almost late, hope I'm not forgetting anything for school..
If I get to 900 followers by Friday, my Mom says I get a cookie. Get me a cookie.
I did't even know it stormed last night?
Praying for you at our prayer service tonight! May God bless you!
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!!
SO FREAKIN NERVOUS !!!
Annoys da f# outta me when people send multiple 3 or 4 word texts back to back instead of saying it all in ONE damn text!
#Question Who is your favorite SF Giant?
Work is boring!!!!! I want to go home...
Anyone seen Jordan Taylor lately? Is he in Indy?
That looks delicious!
Thank you!! That makes us so happy!
Hi! I hope your day is going great! One direction Rocks! Whats your favorite 1D song?! xoxo Claudia Lee
Can I add u to f book?
I so promise I'm not unfollowing you...#dumbtwittersfault :-)
Thank you for an excellent presentation!
No work till 7. That means laying out in the pool<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
Thanks u as well. Happy New Year
"A merry heart doeth good like a medicine." Proverbs, XVII. 22
Winners so far were Tex/Sea Under 9.5 and Tigers-116. Angels blew a 6 run lead to lose along with the Brewers. 2-2 should be 3-1
Super Cure donation today. Wear pink in the #SBVillage! Patriots arrive to indy tomorrow, Giants on Monday!
That's 8 Coffees to many.... We overpaid -
I don't need you, but I want you.
hahaha that nasty! :) what you doin loser
Going to be a long day
In the office working on a possible ageneda for our next biz kid$ real meeting. First day's going well
CMS and Signage software, give your customers a way to monetize their screens with hyper local content.
lol your a mess
You change perspectives with every new thing you learn
Thank you, Lovely!
can I get a Rt for The Big Blue Nation??
I'm not worried about the 87% of Americans that are unhappy with Congress; I wonder about the 13% that are happy....
engage how so? We have a lot of outward facing sites, and a couple with outside users., but not sure if that's what you mean
Every time Lebron touches the ball they might as well put him on the line. At least it will save us some clock
Don't be afraid to learn about social media! Shows your brand's personality
HOW SWEET!!
Oh, Monday. *headdesk*
oh my god!!! how many times do u message them??
I hate when that happens...
Packers all the way!
Criticism" and dissent are the indispensable antidote to major delusions." -- Alan Barth
Are you looking for a website or twitter followers? I got your DM, You need to follow me back before I can DM you.
thanks Diane - right back at ya!
RT - So a girl I've known since I was little & cheered with in High School is on the fucking COVER of the miami dolp...
Off to a holiday party where there will be karaoke but no alcohol. I'm pretty sure that's a cause/effect pair?
yes! Loving your track and much success on it!
wait that's what I would have done. (other tweet)
It appears i'm at the bottom of the hill today. The shit river is pouring down.
that's how I ended up here. He did a cool interview on The Nerdist podcast not too long ago
- great pics..but you're right - to a lot of people, were still Victorian :-)
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
Golf again today.The course is five minutes away & dirt cheap. Great combination!
I give up!
There's a deal for $20 an uppe level ticket and a jennings long sleeve shooting shirt. I thin kits $35 for lower.
Mid-term grade rosters are available in Faculty Center. Contact with questions.
So bored! someone DM and cheer me up!
patricia johnson
"Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody."
haha that's literally the funniest tweet ever. Its hysterical that you said los
It's that time of year again! My nose hates the pink sakura blossoms, but I think they're too pretty to stay mad.
I just got a vintage hat box and a hundred patterns from vogue circa 1953. No one is happier than me.
mark my word. I'm planning to take it back within the week.
Hold up,has Novak even attempt a shot in this game?
Well, at least the Pirates got one hit! Ugh...
My curiosity is my weakness. I'm always interested in mystery.
I am starting to really dislike this Cargill character
thanks Jason! We are all doing well. All the best to you and the moms in your life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
when do you get out?!
No school for me today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Announcing opening of Phoenix office of Munger Chadwick, PLC, Attys, at 24th and Camelback. Welcome aboard Robert Metli and Greg Patterson!
Help reach the #Houston #theatre crowd. Please recommend twitter accounts we should keep up with!
Thanks! :) How is the deletion of FB contact creepers going?
Only if you redistribute its source code.
January 31, 2012 is coming up faster than you think. Enter the Jubil Get Fresh Fiction Contest today!!!
What is the one skill that you have used every day so far this week? For me it is negotiation.
I wanna be a better person. I'll smile if someone is frowning. I'll help someone in need. Everything. I want to see the best in people.
Can someone please explain wat is gong on Nick twitter account???????? H E L P
The only way to simplify, he suggests, is to follow the basic principle that it’s our intention that determines our karma. Tenzing Norbu
Done work!! N just saw the cutest silver jetta! I want it XD
A cure for your hangover on Sunday: will have delivery all day this Sunday starting at noon.
Great! Happy to hear that. Welcome back.
shutup you got offended not me go find something to do lol
Mass digitization allows for the fact that scientific ?s of today are not the same ?s we'll have tmw
Have you heard D1C's new song feat. of ? It's up on facebook right now and will be taken down at midnight! Check it out!
The lovers,
#PNM rationing gas supply. Gas supply 2 KAFB shut off. Office blowing cold air & service people N dorms w/o heat now. 4 real ppl?
Sad with the lost of Elizabeth Taylor. Great actress, great movie personality and not to mention the beauty of a queen! Go in peace!!!
Say what you need to say
RT Bono is now the richest musician in the world. In 09 he bought 2.3% of Facebook for $90m, shares now valued at $1.5 billion.
Maybe paying Orioles players by the innings was a mistake.
Wrist problems suck!
oh, anytime!
happy birthday girrll!!! :)
I'm so happy you liked it! Thanks for great visit, RT & follow!
RT Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on. ~Bob Newhart
Greetings all Follow me as I follow you..... Thanks
Good luck in court today, ya filthy animal <3
when you weigh decades of economic and environmental impact of an insufficient Beltway, that doesn't seem so bad
I'm thinking what drivers we have to work with might pull into our local TED - yes? I just moved back, so...
I see you on instagram. Love u
we have to weigh the different circumstances though. Record doesn't matter, state playoffs do.
BodyPump and checked...Gotta run to get my erands done before I crash this afternoon ;)
RT #FITB ____ always talking about they at the Gym..But its been a year & no results LMAO ...
Amazon- don't diss "traditional libraries" when I can check out 20 free ebooks per month vs. your 1 book per month for $79 a year.
Hibachi grill later. :)
Be Like Gaga. She Loves Everyone, Even her Haters.
Good luck to u! Excited to take on my new role with The Murphy Insurance Group tomorrow!
Some people need to #ShutUp and
not for me - I'd like the IV drip, please - no app required
: how cute I guess you'll have to bring him to my house when you go back on tour. I'll take good care of him.
Wow - that sounds amazing fun. Can I take the class too?! Hopefully you'll share your wonderful syllabi & assignments, right?
Someone needs to copy the blue c sushi restaurant model and apply it to dim sum, hors douvres, and paleo meals
Who knew purlieus meant neighborhood/surroundings? Readings that use obscure words instead of normal words <
I don't think I can DM you (I think you have to be following me as well), but I did send an e-mail from my work account. Thanks!
Reading & tanning in the sun so #oomf can't make fun of my paleness anymore :P
Falling asleep in class for a min feels like an hour
"Where's the lakers fans during game 1 or 2????" Like fuck you guys we still were rooting for them!! We are NEVER quite!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great day :)
Steven Jackson
I see you <U+E40D>
#CBJ finally wins against the Blues!
SHOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT SOME LOVE!! : ! :D
ha, i know this isn't forever!
go through my tweets. I've been explicit about it haha
Slow music is not appropriate right now
Evilness with FUR! Rar! Glad everyone is ok!
Uconn takes a timeout.
get excited handsome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Be yourself & don't compromise your values. Doing so is a quick ingredient to problems later on.
Denial....first sign of denial....wait.... RT : Knew what? Just to clarify, I DO NOT like Justin Bieber.
recoring with Max Corwin!!! Excited. This is going to be awesome.
Donald C. Moore has been nominated to be President-Elect of the Ohio Association for Justice (OAJ). The final vote will take place 5/2/12.
Wait new school is playing RISD in "men's basketball"? I didn't know new school has a basketball team?
There has been a lot of talk about Seattle getting a basketball team. I would feel bad about stealing another cities team, but not that bad.
You've got the potential to kick some ass yourself, ma'dear. We'll catch up tomorrow.
The akward moment when your making out with a guy on his bed and his mom walks in
RT Had some great vegan soul food tonight #oakland [Where!?]
Had a good end of the day with #oomf today (:
These NBA playoffs are unfolding like The Simpsons softball episode. I expect Kevin Durant to fall down a bottomless pit any day now.
My life changing,as we speak
"In Tears of sadness or Joy, There is always an angel sent to us in perfect place and Timing, this is one of God's greatest mystery gift"
RT : Had some people at #c21gc tweet up wondering why was missing #nola. I'm sure he'll be in #vegas. (yup!!)
Half an hour left in the $10 Jamba Juice gift card giveaway! Tell me your favorite smoothie in a comment and it could be yours!
Why did the banana need sun tan lotion? He was peeling. LOL
The UFC now has another fan! Great to meet you!
Your windsong stays on my miiiiinnnnddd....
So jealous! Have fun and take some nice pics!
Ah well! I am their leader, I really ought to follow them! - Alexandre Auguste Ledru-Rollin
hope all is well, i'm all ears if ou ever need to talk to someone.
Like a book elegantly bound in a language that you can't read.
What ON EARTH was Gilbert Arenas thinking?
Cold potato noodles, tea smoked duck, and salt pepper shrimp are only ok, I wouldn't get those again.
That happened...
I'll share the diss with you (and too). I'm going to do a quick post-defense copyedit first though. . . :)
very odd, the estate is only going to rake in money over the next few years. Look at MJ.
Strongly suggest the Jorts. Give those legs some air.
FOOD FACTS! If you are cold you are more likely to be hungry because you use energy to keep warm.
"If you teach people what their options are, they have this miraculous capability to make the decision that is in their best interest."
#OutoftheLoop What should i do if I got divorced but didn't have grounds? Seek reconciliation with God and your spouse.
Got to hear our baby's heart beat for the first time today! God has truly blessed us!!!
Agreed! Hard 4 some teachers 2 give up that power. I nver lectured when I taught. Obj. on board. I walked and helped.
Thai food. #LennyKravitz concert. #TVD. Perfect night.
ha, I'll toast to that.
haha you already know bro !
A corporation's first target is to generate profits. Government's first role is to take a large chunk of that money and give it to others.
I Honestly Don't Know Who To Trust At This House
Some of our employees can't make it into work this morning, so we will be closed until 5 pm. Stay safe and dry everybody!!
U cool
are you talking to yourself? better said, are you tweeting yourself?
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
it's cute when you basically admit you'll only talk to me when you NEED me.
if this helps her instagram is
I'll help you get on stage to do that.
Dinner at yummy Enoteca andthen some free #sxsw shows!!! :)
im rite next to you bae
GIROUX moves to semi finals of NHL cover vote. Face pussy ass malkin.
have fun! Haha.
dang heard there was new one. Was hoping they fired Josh...Rich deserves better
Coolest cause in Madison is help out...or if you need a xmas gift...check em out!
I think that's an amazing, wonderful and superb axiom.
so jealous!
Now that's what the #Grammys are all about--great performance by Adele!
RT: RT : I'm thankful that my childhood NEVER saw the"linked-arm two-step"at hardcore shows. Seriously.why is this cool?
The economy must be worse than I thought. The supermarket is sold out of AIM. Guess I'm going to have to buy rich man's toothpaste.
Its been one of those days where u just wanna curl up under the covers, eat a box of triscuits, & cry into ur stuffed animals.
Looks like you lead a totally fabulous life!
honestly a lot of maps are mainly indoors except for afghan and wasteland and if mw2 had spawn protection then nuke = moab
Looks like I'm done fishin for a bit
awe man. Dogs are the BEST! You're missing out. Are you home for Easter?
It'd be nice to have someone that I could talk to late at night just about...anything. Blah
#imagine You and Harry just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face & says, "I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything."
Getting ready for our 1st Sunday Brunch! This Sunday March 29th 10am-1pm. Join us this and every week. Make resos for Easter Brunch too!
Watch put youth media look forward to And use mobile tech, game design, & create online learning capabilities, like
alienates us from Christ. from the Explanation of Gal. 2:16. Verse 21: For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
Never leave your animals alone in a parked vehicle! Your pet could have a heatstroke in as little as 15 minutes.
Awesome! You can always call the store or email to reserve a certain day.
"Shaking my head" I think? haha
Had a great day rehearsing. The theatre is beautiful! I'm open tomorrow.
Time will fly by super quick! :) “: 7 more weeks! Holy cow!”
so awesome to see you here...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN
Go where ? :) RT : haha alright than:) what about you? Are you gonna go?
Yes im the shit but you the one thats stank
oh that guy looks sexy!!
Get eye contact&stand still when giving verbal directions, reducing distractions improves retention. Useful at any age or stage.
Thanks to everyone that came out for a Bad Bad Sunday!
Hearts change, I know they do. But a part of mine will always belong to you.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they give small nonprofits a voice! RT
Anyone who RT's, mentions me, or favorites a tweet of mine, gets a picture from Domo!!!!
#comcastfail becomes #comcastmystery: internet restored in my house, though comcast said they would have to come here tomorrow to fix it.
“: If a #Libra can't make you smile you may need a therapist.” true story
good morning ^_^
Sunday evening...the time you realize the weekend is almost over. :(
STAY FLY AND KEEP THEM GEARS TURNIN. YOU GOT THIS.
That's no news flash, sadly!
ahh Dude i got Schmidt Sickness .. And its an very superdooperawesome sickness dont ya think ? :D
“This the live we chose, Workin’ all night, Swear I’m never going broke, And I’mma do this till I Die
Ok thanks.
I have a thing for repeating letters #luv ~ Fun fact: "Bookkeeper" has 3 back-to-back sets of repeating letters: via
doing the right and honest thing shouldn't require too much thought.
My human is traveling but she will post it in a bit.
thanks I love the avi pic.....sexy
voy a tratar de twitter en españhoy. I'm going to try to twitter in spanish today.
What is it about late nights that makes cagefighting on Versus seem like an appropriate thing to watch. Oh yeah, my natural bloodlust.
it's on the list for sure...
Just followed #followback #jiujitsu #Hawaiian Poke Bowl serves up the best #hawaiian #poke!!!!
he will be a farm dog.
Do you guys like my new icon??
Sunnyledge its a little hotel in shadyside on fifth. come in today i work at 4!
Loving the work we hope we can help and volunteer soon!
Capitol Square filled with protesters. Demonstrators circling Capitol.
Come on down to 400 w. Rich st for ! Food trucks and !
“: #pdxduckbizlunch...#Ducks love to help Ducks. What a great community to be a part of.”...love it!
it is impossible to be a true believer and liberal. I'm reminded of camels and needles.
Another great day shooting with despite the sudden frigid DC weather!
Oh!!! It didn't say who those were from. :) Thanks!
It's been a rough day
I may have scoffed when they announced it but man I love Apple's cards app. Just made and mailed some cards from the potty
Thanks to all who came out to our #WarehouseSale this past weekend! #estatesale #tagsale We've got another one in the works!
Can't wait for "Women, Technology and Social Change" lecture this Wednesday.
That any one has good coment on tranfomers dark of the moon.
haha I'm not doing it either xD I attempted but it just wasnt happening
absolutely. I'd like to DM you an email address where I can keep in contact with you, but you have to follow us before I can DM you.
during a massage they use massage lotions and cremes
On BQE listening to Jared Gold's "All Wrapped Up". So Killing!
DON'T HATE, MEDICATE!
Morning tweeps!! How you guys doin today?
One million dollars to the first person who can explain what's happening in Clintonville, WI. Not necessarily from me, mind you.
ya know, i've never watched that - heard mixed things when it started, but heard that it hit it's stride. might have to check it.
“: yes! Do it!” ( I may have to..thinking of something soon Happy 2012 BTW !)
And there's more.
you're the best.
Hopefully all of you had a productive day and hopefully a great evening!
yes you do that..gabo is always better in Spanish
Sorry to hear AG
Writing a new song, using a lot of quotes from here... Tweet me if you have any ideas. I'm using tweets from my favorites. shoutouts to best
go to sleep! #getlikeme z z
I'm kinda like little kid who is angry with the whole world because of his christmas gift. :D
They've also made me really, really angry.
I wanna go out tonight!!
Or Disney World, hey I don't mind.
Oh, mother: "Allie, you and Daddy will have to make a Captain Jack's [the liquor store] run so be think of that as well..."
Shoot for the stars
For the first time my hair looks good while its wet
You know you're a trusted friend when someone tells you "you'll be the first to know, my dear."
Occupy Atlanta masked gang descends on Chase on Moreland. Chanting "Stop foreclosing on our homes!!!" Cops show up with a wagon.
right? come on by :)
THE Ohio State University
no more #Muppets, no more me. taking a break from #Oscars to do more interesting things
jk we have it in the library sometime in the morning
If theirs one thing to know about me. Its that I'm terrified of rain,thunder,lighting.
Booking our trip to Disneyland! It's a Mickey Mouse lover's dream come true! <3
Change is good, even when it hurts or is scary. Take the risk of doing something different, you never know what opportunity it might bring.
SMDH my parents say I lie about being places because I'm hanging with boys; They need to trust me.
a boring one
Ecuador&#39;s &#39;Oil For Forests&#39; Scheme Seems To Be Failing
The best part about vlogging is that you never have to wear pants.
thanks my man
If I have to talk to one more uneducated person at this J O B.....I think I going to lose it
If you're not a horror fan, still worth seeing?
I probably favorite tweets more than anyone else....
All y'all need to go to bed! ;-)
lmao you a mess!
The bet was the high point of entertainment; except for Fred Thompson selling reverse mortgages during the ad breaks.
good afternoon
hmm can we say cheater? yes we can!
Go ahead and add #TheGuardian to #News I'm #boycotting. Total lying #propaganda about #Syria.. :( #RealSyria <3 Bashar al #Assad - 24/7
Awww T-money I love you & Vinny ! Please follow me
Sam Albert is fucking sexy even though his name doesn't sound like he would be. Lmfao
Great beginning to the new season of "Survivor"!
Nice, now can he be the nominee already?! RT: BREAKING: Mitt Romney wins GOP primary in Wisconsin -AB
Wow.. That was so fake. Hahaha
Happy day of birth lol =p everyone get their happy bdays to me before I get petty tomorrow lol
People r tired of being nickled and dimed by companies like 1-800-Flowers.
that was the best prom ever! Now when are you coming to visit?
Super excited about working with on Thursday.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me41
Rich: Gov'ts in areas not at risk of earthquake should focus on safety issues appropriate for energy producers in their region.
It sure us. I'm terrifying everyone near me.RT You're still coughing too!? Man this gunk's persistent!
There are over 100 billion people in this world, and your going to let one ruin your day?
is getting all nervous about musical storytime. They've been a bit chaotic.
"There is one sure thing in the uncertainty of this thing we call life - death."~ Thomas S Monson
Oh how I dislike math.
-yo bitch geting out of line!
Being the Governor of Illinois is NOT the job to have.. You would come out better as a ______________ dealer.
Hey guys and gals! If you are following me and are NOT following you really should. Help our School!!!
I'd love to have a great breeder via recommendation. IF you happen to find the name, please let me know! Thanks Mike!
Worst additiion EVER
I hate to see a crucial baseball game decided by errors.
good to know I'm going to Netflix it.
I have just returned from Boston. It is the only thing to do if you find yourself up there.
Perfect day for a gallery opening & a stroll along the Hudson with two of my favorite ladies.
Are you somewhere in the crowd?
Great 4th Wall after-party at the Geffen last night. Class tonight, audition in the morning. Now if only I didn't have to work in between...
I only get swimmers and softball players now. Football and basketball stopped after I refused extra concessions for athletes.
Funny, but Milwaukee has such a unique brunch culture here. Brunches aren't the same outside of our city.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wonder what I'm having for dinner, OOHHH! A bunny!
Waken...Baken...Celebrating the Holiday
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. = Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
I just realized how hard it is to talk... -EPIC FAIL-
And all the girls that played me, eat your muthafuckin heart out
im goin surfing right now, later
when u coming back into the 805?? We miss you!
desk jobs take a toll on the body. make a point to move every hour, whether it's to deliver a message or just circle the office
Love the confidence! RT : Just shopping for a new case for the iPad I'm going to win from OnPoint! :)
#2011icf Watch out... and are at the same table in the BrandYou session. ;-)
Check out the Masters 2012 Facebook Tab that I created in Shoutlet 5.0. Took about 20 minutes with no coding. Let me know if you want to h
WATCHING NBA playoffs
Finally got around to uploading the new photos from the fabulous Boutwell Studios. Now I just have to get them onto the site...
I always #followback :) eating some good ass tacos tonite!
Need business cards, flyers for an event, memorabilia? Design it yourself and get the finished product today! Contact one of our reps today!
It's always so hard to leave Kai in the mornings, I love u Kair Bear!
I'm Blessed To See Another Morning
Not sure what the deal is today, but it's pretty busy here. I can get used to this!
Rep earned some blossoms (and maybe served himself a turd) at today's Coffee Party. See Wed's for the smelly details.
Uh oh, she's a stage 4 clinger.
#BandsILovd Asking Alexandria
So far, these wrkshops are only for grad students, right? Miriam, could we think about what they would look like for UGs?
A great day..visiting Busch Wildlife Sanctuary and Loxahatchee River Center..Joe (Tami's Hubby) grilled out..yum..ate cake from TooJays
All mankind love a lover. <U+2665>
Thank you so much and nice to hear from you again!
I had a Japanese lady as my substitute in Spanish today.. She was pretty legit! #Mrs.YokoWeeks!
Thanks & welcome back! #BreakALeg on current & upcoming work
My two favorite #Oscar performances this year that you probably didn't see: Christopher Plummer in Beginners and Nolte in Warrior.
Having ONE adults name on the lease
where you thinking?
cool I can get a a custom drop for you done as well If you like..
I just don't feel her arrangement was as creative as the other contestants this week.
I like quiet in coffee shops which is probably why I like the place haha.
I just wanted to say I agree with your assessment of the DQ on the last card. I am also glad you said what I was yelling! haha
what book are u discussing? Saw the chat-We are an interracial family. Dating outside my race cuz lots tension
Good Morning!! ;-)
Dining room open 'til 2am daily! Get our family meal for just $19.99; 1 Lg 1 Top pizza, 12 wings, garlic bread sticks & 4 sodas! Dine in.
I think Gonzaga is an 8-seed (some have them as a 7-seed). We'll probably be in Greensboro, Pittsburgh, or Omaha. You?
This is kind of surreal.
what movie?
Music NOW.
are done, but we still have the Football is next(:
hola everyone ! can you guys do me a big favour? can you follow my personal ? :D i always follow back, i promise !
for sure :) #RObotz . You a big fan of ?
I've heard about you, and your laggy words.
"The family that drinks together, fistfights."
haha u like that stuff try
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
good to meet you. We'll have a proper chat later this week!
So uh, can I get a refund on my season tickets yet?
it's awful! haha.
There is truth behind evry lie... Lol. Bullshiit. W.O.R.D.
Bought a timer for the kids, teacher rec. 1st thing Sam did was set it to limit my time talking with before cooking dinner.
Great talk on geospatial analysis, my favorite for the day. Perfect balance of code and presentation. Thanks for the slides!
Why is XboxSupport so good?
haha thats VERY random it would be cheese flavor lol u?
Wake up people!! And if you saw me dancing in my jeep at 5am ... Well. Blame Madonna.
The past two days in a single word? Ironic.
So I wont be on until 2 in the morning... Tomorrow...lol it's all day... K BYE<3 Love you guys(:
I wonder if #prom is trending yet ?
We support those that support us!!
How are you doing, tiger?
My little dog - a heartbeat at my feet. ~Edith Wharton
yes really and then the Lakers
And also thanks to everyone who attended! We'll have information on next month's meeting available soon.
I feel your pain. More purple nurples to the rescue?
please follow me I'm such a BIG fan?
We are! Can't wait for the first show on Wednesday!
My 2 yr old ate the WHOLE apple. Good fiber I suppose.
internet out today. thanks to for letting me cadge your wireless for a bit!
It's sad, man. And that terrible number 27...
hey lady!
“: Looks like leverett got shafted again. Or did the blacks get shafted cuz they r in dunster haha” they were shafted
Hey, Angela!
wut happened now
Where in the bay u from?
Hi ho hi ho... off to my second job I go...
what's the general vibe?
i love you!"
Plaque given by Mike Scott to El Cajon City Mgr. Kathi Henry from Heartland Fire & Rescue... "Your contributions... need to be recognized."
The next time has a concert, im gonna go. No matter where it is, i'm going.
I can make special brownies for dessert!!!
<U+E056> Good morning how are y'all this morning? Have a great day!!
Oh I Live In Dallas,Texas!(:
didn't realize it's 99 degrees outside.. -__-
I have so much to do today/this weekend/until march but can't make myself actually do the meaningful tasks in front of me.
don't be bringing that weather back down to the A. lol It's already a lil frigid.
I'm not saying she's a whore, but if dicks had wings, her mouth would be an airport
Finals week. Feeling the wrath/impatience/stress from students. Breathe, people, and be nice to your librarian.
ah cant find my Turn table to DJ Hero !
pepe dislectic trying to find a bone ass lol
Listening to on my crappy beat up iPod with my family and friend.
Congratulations to Donna Gray, Awards Mall, for her 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
What is a runner's favourite subject in school ?Jog-raphy !
it bugs you that much baby cakea
Walgreen want ID when buying allergy tablets containing pseudoephedrine, a drug that can be abused. My UK driving license isn't acceptable.
The dogma of teacher as distributor of knowledge collides with the constraints of today.
that ref that just yelled at the coach was responding to the coach yelling at him in public - and I quote - "you f--n suck!"
I have never started a poem yet whose end I knew. Writing a poem is discovering. -Robert Frost
Sad that Network is begin deactivated...that's been a daily stop for me for the past several months.
what's good follow me songwitermusicofdash do what it do to bring u hott hitss!
Hello!!! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes Please help me get more views!!
As a VT Officer for the A.S.P.C.A., I’d like to sincerely Thank You for everything you do for Animals. You’re a good man!
RT : In the darkness of ones mind,reality is the true horror.
So are you serious ..sometimes you have to stop and ask
Hey SLA tweeters! Let's see more of Carville's speech aside from that 1 tagline. Absentee SLAers need 2 know!
Yay! RT : i think this is the best tea i've ever had. #77 apple spice :) cc:
sometimes the bullshit isn't worth what you can learn
Please let this be a sign. I don't wanna be at school today.
#ohmygosh i want to do the ellen dance challenge thingy!
of course but wade got a bad bitch
god forgives i don't :(
At work standing at the back of the class, trying to stay awake on his dry ass
Are You Ready for Episode 4 of Tyme Johnson-Making It In Manhattan?
How do users find books? 19% found during registration process.
I find it cute that all of them have 5 or less letters in their names ^_^
Alright Folkies, that's it for us tonight! See you tomorrow!
Bam! And THAT'S why I don't carry #weed around! #SuckItPigs! #stopped&searched
Looking to make your health a priority in 2012? Stop by the Y today where now until Jan. 31 you pay no join fee when you become a...
A few favorite artists to download:
Meeting with to design my dress for the red carpet launch party in LA for the so excited!!
#wanna #be #mines? #would #go #out #with #me?
thank you.
Yay! You're a star!
oh no dont worry
Yea it sucks when it's slow. I work ar a college so the only sites we block are gambling & porn sites lol
Semester officially in the books.
Going to see master Twyla and Frank tonight ! Can't wait to get swept away!
leave Marilyn Monroe out of ur trash program. She is NOT ur doormat for "creative license" nor the savior of ur bad story.
. . . we are undocumented by the fresh scent of yerba buena. we are voiceless we are witnesses to the violent end of the 20th century. . .
Goodnight I'm fucking tired
my seat just got jack :( he will not move
i make a damn good sandwhich.
Cincy Alum Dad will be happy Florida State lost. So am I!
Mommie made me soup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Justin's book released in September will be about behind the scenes of Believe eg. Justin planking on Alfredo LOL
Great discussion so far. MT : At the Funding Reform Town Hall. A constructive debate & necessary first step.
Welcome to the Twitterverse.
I'm not spamming any of my followers, I promise, it's this stupid website! I don't spam, I can promise you!
Good morning everyone, we're up bright an early for a 10am school show, then playing with the Pine Richland HS orchestra tonight!
Aren't they cute ;)
well thanks for telling me when I was over there!
we make it work;)
Mexican feast with the fam
making $$ & doing you own thing that's two of the best things
ah sorry I had other plans tonight..:/ but thanks for the invite!
Are you living under a rock?
#Foxtrot software automates data entry in CACTUS. Foxtrot can also automate the process of taking data from CACTUS and loading in MEDITECH.
I miss u ...come back to Madison
No prob :) We provide the app 4 u guys to do social media action alerts on FB & the website - hope campaign's a success
My part in this one song is weird and it SUCKS!!!
Thanks, bro :)
Looking forward to the UNWIND tonight @ The Crazy Horse Steak House!
i wanna fucking rage tonight! its friday!!! :)
Nice to know my husband is stalking at the #BizExpo and telling me how pretty his eyes are while I'm stuck at work.
is anyone as excited as i am about the Seattle Sounders season opener?
Hey zach :)! thank you for inspiring me!! Love you any advice for my music... Love you , can't wait to see you soon!! <3
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Sometimes I don't think people realize how hard it is to run this... the shit I get from people... yeah. It hurts. He's a favorite of mine.
what up
McCain is dead on spending freeze except for defense!
I loved hanging with m'ladies! Can't wait til next time!
Can't wait until come home ju .
yea I am but at least I'm not in denial.
But, when we asked they had already gotten a big cookie donation so may be some there? Maybe?
many using excel spreadsheets to sign people in+out of investigator meetings. R there relatively inexpensive electronic options out there?
HAHAH i see what you did there
Another Virginia Elite player takes the floor. Obi Enechionyai captures the game MVP award. Great work Virginia Elite
imma be a dj for halloween, last year i was a rapper....so i cant dress up as what i am...haha
Follow back?
We just learned about who's doing great work for #green #education. Pass it on!
sorry. But MAYBE he could have. Does he have a girlfriend??
I killed Johnny Cash.
2012 Stories CD No. 5 "Cannac" (there is no form without spirit) coming soon! Stay tuned!
Great music coming up on our campus! May19 PartyInThePark -June3
been on #grindmode all day working on some new stuff
DM or email me the story
Chief keef mad garbage
Lovin the warm days and cool nights.
Sweet!! Happy birthday! When are you coming to party?
I feel bad for the boys sometimes. They can't go anywhere without being bombarded with fans. They have lives too you know. Let them live it.
Thanks , for trying our analysis! Feedback always appreciated.
Donate to MCPL Friends Book Sale! Donations accepted at the front desk of any of our 9 MCPL locations. Thanks!
Needed that one!
Thanks for the response. I, unfortunately, was victimized yesterday, and it appears others are too.
Hey Check out Pastor Joel R. Peebles Sr. on the Word Network. Today at 3:30pm. Check it out!!!
Thanks for the RT yesterday. I heard Saul Reyes speak in El P last month. He's clear and good.
Gustavo, Dana and John have time for tattoos!
#NP Rihanna We Found Love <U+2665>
- Plainview is drinking milkshakes on AMC right now!
Off to the Hill to talk with Senate staff about university role in innovation and entrepreneurship.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 23
#CHRISTMASISCOMING. I'm like a little kid when it comes to Christmas. <3
somewhere is crying...
My body is tired but I can't sleep
You're missing a super weather shot day!
Awwwwsome! :D I'm glad you had such a great experience. But yes, it truly is even MORE when you are here for 5 days :)
Back in here again
It's ok some of the crew speak spainish and ne to a little because of my Nana
Got trapped by my neighbor again and now she's telling me about her bloody urine, all I asked was "how ya doin"?
anyone showing a line for Kobe scoring 38 points tomorrow?
Please say it's you!
RT : RT : "Scumbag" originally meant condom.
Slept in (ok - OVERslept - maybe 2 much fun @ RFD?) On my way to tweet from Promoting Recreational Reading
Just Because You Don't Want A Relationship Doesn't Mean I Don't Either. But I Live With It Cause You Are The One I Want A Relationship With.
Umadbro? Uh, no...#stopthatbro it's annoying..
First aid and CPR.. Not fun
Trolling on 's life.
At St Arnold's Mussel Bar in Cleveland Park. So how much is .3 liters in pints?
I'm loving all my new followers! Thanks darlings. Spread the word, won't you? www.spradasuperstar.com is the place to be!
"I, the undersigned, will not indulge in activities unbecoming of the distinguished profession of journalism."--app form for a j-visa :)
slept through first and second period. again.
I would love to talk with you directly. I am an award winning author. please contact me!
OH on #NPR Chris Rock: "Anything you could suck at should make you nervous."
I love the charm of Boston... So much brick and ivy...
you could write me a verse..and I'd help you rehearse..the things u long to learn
6 sexy lads go follow
Turn 21 and the world is yours. Turn 41 and you will give it back LOL
Lips > Crusty Vagina
Oh, you boys are DREAMY!
lets get it in
Haha my last try
definitely don't remember that lol
Crate training =most important behavior for training/nurturing a young puppy. It is not cruel to crate. Decreases anxiety
Pete you should come on my baseball podcast brother in universal city it would be fun are you a redsox fan
Ha ! you'll learn the hard wayy.
words cannot describe how much i love =)
And the best host award goes to......
You misinterpreted. I said I suspect we disagree about the extent of the pain, not its existence.
cause you made that for me
Looking forward to the #leanstartup #dctech meetup tonight at on a great subject - "Getting Paying Customers".
soups are the BEST in the District! Wish I was tucking into a steaming bowl right now - rather than this Lean Cuisine :(
Invisible Children employees and volunteers told not to comment
sounds like a lame movie plot; but good plan nevertheless!
PISSED OFF....PEOPLE TOO OLD TO BE SO CHILDISH...
Hitting the four+ hour road to Richmond to deliver a talk at annual meeting on the Connecting to Collections grant. VA here we come!
Not entirely sure what the hell i'm looking at.
Give him some of your awesomeness ! He just won't even try
It was amazing! Thx for asking. How was yours?
Should I be watching this "Once Upon a Time" show?
Thanks guys. I'm glad I could help out.
Now THAT was top-notch odd, right there.
We are experiencing slow service with www.acg.org. Direct event registration or renewing membership issues to .
I just love you so much. Me and my gay friend seriously flip over you<3 lmao. You're perfect<3
Not liking Alica keys voice right now
We graduate tomorrow. Just stop.
Played softball w/Bshift, 1st base, man my hand is killing me. Might have made the team inadvertently.
Thanks for serving up another stellar Croque Madame.
Playing WSOP Deep Stack ... late entry 15 min into level 4 .. stack 15000 follow further chip updates
I nominate for #BayAreaFreshmen10 2011 via
you took advantage of me, I dont appreciate that .. you son of a god
the fast brown fox waslked over the boring dog.
If its a joke ur a dick but yes of course
I always knew Jonathan Vilma was a goon
No more piercing <'3
Chirashi-great flavors, awesome value RT : What did you get for lunch?! We hope you enjoyed :)
Bah... Adulthood. Time to behave and stuff.
I laughed at this. then felt guilt. Then confusion. A range of emotions really. A rainbow if you will
yes, according to a presentation I saw today at #hcms12 but I can't prove it. :)
Getting ready to go to an Armenian wedding in Glendale. Goal tonight- to make sure my cologne enters the reception before me.
Looks like I've made my decision. they won't be happy, but I'm not looking for their approval
Hell yeah she be loving that, hell yeah-hell yeah she be loving that ladies let me hear you say oh oh oh-oh oh
Just have to say... am proofing the audio of AN IMAGE OF DEATh with Robin Rown as narrator. It ROCKS!!!
Illuminating Sat at NY library NY Historical Soc 60 min presentation Sun at St. Bart’s for William Blake book discussion special moments
still love you...
Been working since 0300 and I'm feeling like a zombie.
OMG THAT HOUSE COMMERCIAL OMFG HUGH LAURIE -BONER-
Never forget how thrilled I was by those 3 one hour TV specials by #Streisand in early 60s.
Hey cheer up beautiful you don't deserve some dude getting mad at you all the time. Hope everything works out:) love you!<3
I missed you today :(
Good Morning!!! Thanks for the #FF Hope you have a great day today
Thanks to everyone who showed love in 2011, stay connected for 2012, more to come... Happy 2012!!
nothing in life is free. If a candidate can't come up with a few hundred for VAN, how are they a viable candidate?
MN has been rainy for weeks and days on end...fun in the sun today!! We make the most of it since a blizzard could be here tomorrow!
if you plan to go catch them - I'm in. When is the boat leaving?
#Actors are you ready for the answers to all your questions?! Coming soon www.theactorsguidetoeverything.com
i just had one of the best days of my life..and only expecting them to improve...
Why does the weekend always go by so fast?!
I would rather be just friends forever then be your girlfriend and break up, then lose you all together.
your eyes are the size of the moon <3
and took a cookie!
Hm, think we may have to handicap you. Are you a mean drunk?
St. Xavier's Austin Clemons has a line drive single in the T1, but he's stranded at 1st. Eastern coming to bat for first time. No score.
FUCK AS CHILL
Follow & she will follow back .
most of the apartments I had in Wisconsin used to be brothels, so I'm not entirely surprised.
what did u use to move delicious to pinterest?
I dont get it. I would hate to think I tricked em, they fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em? And Im always her regret
Nick Johnson!!!
thanks a lot, we really appreciate it
Buck was great calling the end of last night's game, but the "Tell Hugh Jackman"? Cmon.. still think Gus Johnson needs to call every chmpshp
"I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend."
Really?:o
"Diners drive-ins and dives" is the least appetizing show on the food network. Mostly because of Guy Fieri and whatever happened to his head
I swear, opening CD cases is one of the hardest and most annoying things to do.
Just saw a guy drinking out of a red cup while driving wtf #iwasthinkin that makes him a lowlife !
I did zumba while holding a baby!
Fiesta Friday San Diego here we go!
Ready to start writing these reviews, three in one week yes
says hi(;
A very BIG happy birthday for two of the best cousins around, and ! Love you guys.
It's amazing how productive this day is turning out! BIG #WIN ! :)
19 or older. You should, who knows when the next one is! Lol
he is my favorite character in the Fate series. Just don't spoil yourself and read the digital novels if you can!
did you win?
HAPPY FRIDAY!
even the Poutine is vegetarian
something good came out of last night. Congrats papa Ax! You know you still have us here in the Brewer Nation.
At the gym. How Fun!!!
Open houses all day.
I want you clothes and dresses you are just too cute!
lol where are you living now?
This is gonna be tough.
Fuck today... fuck the next couple minutes. Just fuck the rest of the day....
Im not shy! :) hello! hahaa
i dmed you 2 times in a row.. haha
is it true you and james are going to leakycon?
who ya got winning?
Because of my lack of sleep and my failure to study, tomorrow will be the worst Monday yet.
Sorry Conley, but i want the Clippers to win this series
The most critical question you need to ask in #leadership development efforts...What kind of leader do we need?
Happy 2 have U! MT : Check out annual Stutz Artists Open House tonight! Proud to have office surrounded by artists!...
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 4
What to watch: &#39;The Three Stooges&#39; movie trailer
Data reception at the festival is quite poor.
The worst thing a team can do is half-heartedly commit to a rebuilding project. It's yes or no, and the clock is ticking.
rocks the world wide web! Lookout ppl....he's coming!
She'll be sporting a nard'bush!
Our sites come standard with a number of content upgrades we've hand-picked specifically for the needs of a busy poker player.
YES. Just finished my finals like five minutes ago, so I don't have any major obligations for a couple months.
#THATCampOSU Emotion as subtly articulated critique of technology. Fascinating discussion in 165.
will do dear
LungeTime: TunaMelt, Oreos & coffee ~latte''r
God forgives, i don’t - Rick Ross
started full time job in the 'Nati but like I told you earlier this week, I will be in Columbus on Sat! Better see you!
wow, the new is fancy.
it's cool I'll stay in the 90s
Ok, what is this Klout thing all about? You trying to be the most popular girl in school???
so handsome that cut, everyone should have one
Come get pierced or tattooed at the Buddha since John C, Jerm and Gustavo have time to tattoo and Chris will pierce all day long!
£130 FOR THE GUILD WARS 2 COLLECTORS EDITION!? That's $204 when America gets it for $150. BULL. SHIT.
Best of luck! Hope it goes well. :)
Don't forget to watch for all the pretty jewelry tonight on the red carpet!
word for the day: work!
McWilliams|Ballard Sells and Settles 1221 North Quinn in Just Weeks
last day of p4kfest today w/ &
Weve got shows all month in February including some with , , , & ! Which will we see U at?
Goodnight twitter! :)
RT I like the feedback!! Thank u to all who spit truth. Keep buying what u like n keep posting ur comments!
Atlanta Vintage Books 15% off sale continues through the month of December. Open today (12/22) from 10 am - 7 pm.
There is simply no one like her, no matter how hard some of you try. You have become the strong confident princess I always knew you would.
AHH my baby is broken.
BAIR!! Lol. Maddy is there to keep him calm.
<U+266C> Carol Krumhansl of Cornell University found that music played in a slow tempo using minor keys brought about conditions of sadness <U+266C>
Kevin McHale: Please stop calling Brendan Haywood "Hayward", and you can't call him "Jet" Terry with a sneer EVERY time.
#5 "You like books too much, do you love books more than you love your kids?"
yo I need some sweet new raw denim jeans.... got any recommendations?
Yes, edmodo can be super for tracking student work. Just found out you can assign quizzes there now!
The Velociraptors win last night!
Worked all morning. Feet up now, trying to keep eyelids open :) That sounds delightful
Can't wait to hear all about the #shuttle excitement from and
oh ur Sophie
a newly discovered advantage to working for myself. ergonomic desk furniture and pens that work. disadvantage? I had to buy them.
peanut butter and crack? Lol
Us black people act like kool-aid don't have flavors. We just say the color of it and everyone know what we talking about.
No. 1 seed Spalding is scheduled to play No. 5 Southern Virginia in the national quarterfinals at 1:30pm today in Springfield, IL.
haha school??? High school or college?? And I'm at work I work graveyards :(
it's all good a new year is coming,, new things
Love! RT : "Today's heros are the entrepreneurs."
Patiently waiting.
find somebody that puts walnuts in their brownies and slap them... They had it coming
I'm great, you?
Retention is such a problem! What are you doing right now?
My limits can only be pushed to the extreme.. finals next week..
Like the only one going to schooltoday
Who do you want to win for Best Picture at the #Oscars this year?
Hi everyone i am in austin pants follow bck please xx
Would You Testify If You Seen A Murder
yea probably! lol =D im still planning i got alot of time tho
good luck to both of you!(:
Having to choose between #JustifiedFX and would be like choosing between a chalupa or another chalupa. Just can't decide.
Apparently, I am the only person staying in DC this weekend.
“: What rainy day music are you listening too?”
knit, knit, knitting...
like the shirt brother ,
What to have for dinner...KFC or to attempt to cook!
Albino zebras probably look the same as well, apart from the blue eyes.
is there any other body part of Austin that hasn't been taken up!?(:
U don't need that belly of yours to be showing in pics to get likes ur beautiful with it out or with it covered<U+E328>
thanks, but still 20 minutes till race time and I'm feeling pretty sleepy!
RT : RT : don't let me catch you slippin'
Menu said lamb tonight was "so tender it could be eaten by toothless aging nawabs." No idea who they are, but the lamb sure was good!
Good afternoon #packernation. God has blessed us with a slightly warmer day.
Seriously?? My first day off and I still wake up hella early
Hey u should follow for her birth rd ay tomorrow.... :))))
oh? childhood mates? well what happen that made it go downhill?
Today the real test of power is not capacity to make war but the capacity to prevent it.
hey, Sandi! You're pretty cool. Thnx for following our journeys to find big, bad fish with our fly rods. Oh, and GO RED WINGS!
"Jewish people always had chicken farms."
It's 21 days before a new behavior becomes a habit, right? OK - day 5 of running/walking is in the bag!
your mom is great I guess you didn't get that gene lol
dont like this new version of twitter
o did you come up with that? <nothing even matters>
I went to a happy hour today that NO ONE else showed up to. So sad, and now I'm paranoid! Having my own at home, I guess.
do you have any thoughts on the importance of Customer Retention ? Join us at Http://www.BMCTalkShow.com
#NBA #BOSATL RT : Huge cheers from #Celtics crowd as announces that Ray Allen will play tonight.
is 1-10 on my list of
hahaha :) we are glad to be following you!
"i want my purse back asshooooooles." - the hangover.
Holy FUCK it's beautiful outside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I thought April showers brought May flowers, not more rain. What happened to spring??
Choose a Proven Mentor for your journey to the next level.
Damn -The Darjeeling VERY limited is over. Wow. That truly, truly... felt worse than reading the Stimulus, and without the Pork too. Yumless
take care of family, and make world a better place for animals.
What is the "extra dream" supposed to be?
Happy Veteran's Day!
sounds like fun! I'll have to see if I can fit in that weekend into my schedule!
About to hit the course with First time in a long time. Definitely out of my comfort zone. What is this thing they call #golf?
Damn, that's whack. How does one live life without bananas?
Wearing a dress and not in school and no school tomorrow too
that's mean.
I just finished a 2.28 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Lol u cool I guess I'll be nice=)
“: How gross: an email from 2tor offering me $$ as a paid affiliate for links/ads on my website” well played, madam
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Soccer tournament in columbus, <3
give the rapids fans hell!
Tonight Was A Really Cool Night '&& It's True Expect The Unexpected Really Aha I Cant Believe It!
Curious about folks' opinions both for and against teaching the Greek argument terms and structure in 101.
If you're a dork, check out for iPhone. It's been one of my favorite iPad apps forever.
you need to bring those boots down to the studio lol.
Thank you! It was making me crazy!!!!!
i am goin to a PARTY for the weekend! N3RD is the W0rd!!!
Today's Goal: Make a new friend, and find out where they grew up.
Instagram is on android follow me! mizdimplez2 :-)
ooh tsonger and florian. THAT should / could be interesting. IF Jo has custody of the brain and Florian plays fearlessly.
Digging through the archive and found some *original* treasures... pics soon... =0)
Happy New Year from the Brothers of Eta Lambda Chapter. Make 2012 Amazing!
My shorty balls!! It's kinda funny.
Thanks Aaron - how's the book tour going? Hope things are well out west! RT : Ah, to be a Fellow once more.
SO HOW IS UR FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH GOING?!!?? PPPLLZZ FOLLOW ME!!!
Ur sound is so unique:)
RT : ...Make sure it's about who you're going to be working with and how much you'll enjoy being there." -Tony Dungy
what's this I see you came to nashville & didn't tell me?!?!? haha I know we're not really close, but I'm saddened by this :-(
now all you need to do is photoshop Hemingway into Putin's pictures, and vice versa.
Yeah, same here! The Tea Garden has altered it's appearance a little. They added a light blue wall and a couple of giant menus
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
"Whip out your titties or scram."
The fabulous have a new album out today; I suggest purchasing it!
Breaking News. airlines borrowing my parent's station wagon to get & I to Hawaii. I call shotgun!
Working out.
Trail Mix hierarchy of ingredient awesomeness: M&Ms > Raisins > Cashews > Peanuts > Almonds. That is all.
wait! is our favorite asian baby at dinner??
After having a few drinks, I've come to the conclusion that I'm really gay!
awhh!! Who's that now austin!?(; who's the lucky girl??<3
so what your saying is that you have sex with bacon
Go and congrats to #mikeknuble on his 1000th NHL game!
Follow me back,Is Hot related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Uggh imm not gonna cry no more i just want you to know ill always love you!:/
Hugo? The Oscars are a Pyramid Scheme.
Pure Pop for Now People tonight 10 til close! Spinning bubblegum, power pop, glam & lots lots more!!
My ears were offended.
": woah there carpet muncher. . liked the red hair. Nice meeting you." Its was cool meeting you to cock sucker
o tell you that!
Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?
: no hate / all love
whats wrong with the vampires piano?! xD
Should be in your inbox! Let us know if you didn't receive it..
congrats on the new gig!
Playing Hottest Friends App!!!
Above all, the most convincing thing is "facts."
Headed to Passion city church :)
awesome music!!!
hope you are feeling better today lady!!!
Why is the man who invests all your money, called a broker?
Aw baby Al is so adorable!
if she keep this up, ima marry that ass. and im so serious. smh.
Nothing like sitting in Midtown traffic after work. :/
I'll be ashamed for you.
like under 5 seconds
Surprise phone calls from my boyfriend in the Mojave Desert make me VERY happy. :)
Thx for the RT Mr. Greatest. :-)
#Navy Yard its Ficelle day! Stay hungry my friends!
Idc if pixy dust comes out of mello's ass and he flies , knicks aren't gonna win this series !.
Long morning sessions with violin teacher are very stressful!
Kobe said Gallo "can't flop on a screen like that. We all know Pau is not the toughest guy"
I just asked David Cronenberg a question about weird sex
Happy Sunday everyone ! Hope you all had a great day :)
Young ....gifted ....not to mention out here makin motherfuckinnn millions
I've decided I have super kidneys!
chicken is good for the soul
You see, no matter how powerful all curses can be broken.
sorry I missed it! Life has been crazy! keep me informed about your next one
you should so have on your show. He is an amazing guy. And a GREAT singer!! God has great plans for him!
nice - I may have to fill my afternoon with SG now...
Paranoid Android and a couple of drinks
Cisco bound for filming
i told u. this nigga is fucking crazy, i cant wait to see this movie bro
it's warm down in Pioneer Square..
Oh, oh! Love that. Now have a sense of just where you are! Used to live in Kensington! Yay, Kenny~~
Couldn't figure out why my computer was acting so crazy, then discovered kitty was lying on the mouse
thank you for the #FF shout out! Have a great weekend!
DAMN BIG RED
My fish is sad and alone he needs a friend....
It's official, Zayn and I are dating! If you want proof read 's fanfic(:
There are two different seasons in Wisconsin. Both official WIAA too. Some schools play spring, some summer.
who started complaining? And Idk Ted Thompson said he talked to manning and straightened all out, just have to see now
it is raining out here in LA.
Sometimes I can be too nice. Except to then I'm a jerk.
When a 7ft tall guy gets knocked backwards on a drive that's usually a sign that there's been a charge.
In the middle of my little mess I forgot how much I'm blessed! PERFECT Easter service with my crazy little family ;)
My brother is the smartest bestest person I know. Much Love D.B. I luv u 2 Kish
That's a great answer!
how do you like them?? ....and whats your #GamerTag ?
MT Report shows women are ~50% of the workforce, they hold less than 25% of #STEM jobs. See for more stats.
Well,,, pretty proud of myself ! Made it though the jack in the box drive without passing out !!
eggs, dairy, and nuts for us
10 fest tix on air now call....222-KISS
Reading study abroad apps... favorite essay turn-of-phrase: "I want to be submerged in the culture"
thanks so much for putting us on your #FF list!
Settling in to watch a debate starring and !
Cheer to the freakin weekend. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Thank you for offering yourself as a candidate.
RT : "More is never enough.... Learn how to be content." - Damon Dunn
Stay true to your Rochester roots ... more Dundee beers in the Wine & Spirits store, please!
Obviously, done on a smaller scale, with fewer books. But if it works for Indie Record Store Day, why not for books?
filing a complaint about anything automatically makes me feel screechy and about 50 years old.
fosho long time no c
It's more of a Canadian thing anyway
Hey! How do u like this Twitter stuff?
Life moves way too slow.
Tyler Perry Presents: 'Madea Blows Ray J' RT : Big news!! I'm co-starring in Tyler Perry's new movie!
"There is no telling how many miles you will have to run in chasing a dream" ~Author Unknown : Make today a GREAT one!!
At the evolution jam !
NBA refs are the worst among professional sports I think
Reverend Tim Duncan RT #YallAreNotDating if shes in every guys inbox tryin to explain how complicated ur situation is
#RESPECT RT : YA'll ain't got no love for #1vsMany ??!! Ya'll ain't got no love for and 'Isaac William Shmaschemov ?!!!!
One of these days I'll be confident and have the courage to ask you to be mine again
Will everyone who was sure #Bush would fake it question whether the #Obama administration REALLY have #Osama's corpse?
What's up my boy just starting to get into this twitter shit boss!
i saw my favorite person
If you turned off your computer and phone for two days at work, what would be the most valuable tasks you could still do?
bitch stop it hoeeee
B.I., everybody.
Boarding another plane at BWI. Feels like I was just here!
RT : You have one month left to apply for the 25th annual Eddie Adams Workshop. That's one month procrastinators!...
I find myself searching for drama filled guilds for the entertainment of other peoples problems
marry me that was one of the best shows of american idol i have ever seen
New avi what y'all think
Put your boss on! RT : "I worked on race cars! For eighteen years!"
RT : Hey this videos for u!!! Lol!!! Double Sleepover rap!!! twitvid.com/ZWOD5
Fun practice =)
Have a small Holiday Decorating business, we specialize in Designing, Installing, take down and storage of customers lights
LOTS? You mean the one down by the river? The 2 story warehouse one? Not sure I remember. Ill call you tonight.
I'm there!!
y'all just lost by 30 a few days ago
My sister and I always dance in the rain #FunTimes (:
Kick it!
. - Bob Brenly your Bobcats looked good tonight with that upset over Michigan!
Did my iPhone seriously just over-load and die?
play me then puss boy lol
it's not like I would say omg i love him..but I think he can sing and he's sweet :D and you?
lol too much fun
When a relationship ends before it's time
I'm financed in China, ran in Japan. I'm respected in Turkey and I'm legal in Siam.
'twas lucky indeed.
Thank you!
is the man!
Paisley needs to learn to sleep through storms.
So true RT : True or False: The Spurs scrimmaging against each other was a better tuneup than the Jazz.
Should have stayed home, fml
I want you in my pants asdfghjkl.
been good homie, my summer break starts on oaks so I better be seeing you and your boys derby weekend. Wbu?
Enjoy limousine 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Hi! Just wondering, is 45,000 the minimum WC for YA novels?
I do, of Nicolette :)
No, but they also told me to clean out my cache and install Acrobat to read the PDF I couldn't find.
Youtube my video ft brian angel of day 26 PLAYBOI BUNNY
Just woke up after a fun night with and I'm still tired
Just got home from going out wt the girls havent be out in a minute had to keep my mind busy but now reality is setting in...RIP Cuzzo
Spent the evening with old high school pals. Amazing and wonderful how much we haven't changed...except now we're old.
Good bye
About to listen to and Phillip Margolin talk about publishing. Great final event for
Excited to be on my way to Minneapolis. First time back since my first AAM in 1996.
“One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.” ~ Bob Marley
Just talked to family of one of teens accused in Woodburn High fire. They say the boys used a lighter to set hand sanitizer on fire
The web is the largest creative sandbox. - Ethan Marcotte ()
Just gave final approval to my last research paper tonight. My group graduates Sunday. Only have grades to enter & then I am DONE!!
This kid next to me is playing super Mario bros. Bitch needs to take turns with me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Going to bed happy, but with sore legs. Class was tough this morning, - Sorry I slacked on those last sets! I will step it up.
You are very welcome! -Brian
“The deepest wounds aren't the ones we get from other people hurting us. They are the wounds we give ourselves when we hurt other people.”
Just a reminder from now til 2am at the Mondrian Scottsdale in the Red Room we have special guest DeeJay NOBuDDY entertaining the crowd
“: Talent is often overlooked” thank you! Youre a good friend! I'll remember my friends when I sign my endorsement deals
The way YOU treat yourself influences the way others treat you...treat yourself with love and respect!
Last minute recruiting for next weeks camp? I think so yes!
Validating Feelings for Seniors with Memory Loss | Sunrise Senior Living: via
#FF to our design buddies:
You get some of the most random lol!
that love the banners
currently hiding after getting angry at my #Acquisitions colleague... Unfortunately left my tea near his desk in my stormy exit...
Next week than my friend. Welcome to twitter:)
you have the BEST job..have fun :) Jarrett/Skywalker
Burning the palm of your dominsnt hand? Not. Awesome.
the boy is punching above his weight with those two ;-)
that's a nice way to say it...pretty sure she couldn't make it through the blind auditions!!
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
Intuition of large communities competing with super-computers through co-creation tools.
Nope! Just a fact of living.
Y'all, SECO 2010 pre-registration incentives end Thurday - we're also giving away 25 door prizes to pre-registrants too!
Happy Monday Twitter! Plenty of development work on my plate for the day. Heading into my weekly team meeting.
If you need framing Hanley tickets for next months show tweet us!!
That's enough to make my day.
Don't be tardy for the wedding is gonna be canceled lol
got it
Welcome to my new friends~ your presence is <3
Some guys are just ass holes! I love you Skyler!<333333
Hahaha! OK, OK. What am I thinking anyway? It's my weekend! Someone get me a drink...
Good luck with yours!
I need to finalize my costume. So far I have a Palin wig, predator hands and Groucho glasses.
15 days till opening day. Can't wait!
I had my heart broken so many times my heart seems to beat it echos.
#WeAreMarquette almost game time!
Loving the pic ;)
would that qualify as giving Thomas some rest?
Where is the last place you shopped local?
For sure!
you too
AHH! It's almost time for the wanted on Leno! Excited!
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs. If they can be convinced it's safe and sensible to give it.
The weekend is upon us. #myplaylist made for more get up robot my old self I am remix
Some of the shit that people say these days <<<<<<<<
That Boston Over just hit.. good call!
#ThingsOnMyMind SLEEP, yet I have a huge essay to write.
keep him in ya memory and keep ya head up,
damn u mad or somethin
We have arrived with and !! Come and support street food!! here too!
One of my favorite holiday traditions, ex-students stopping by to say hello. I love catching up with them and to see how they are doing.
Thanks! Just messaged from the JOMDC Twitter account. Haha.
The IA board wants greater presence of students on conference schedule.
Listening to Guns and Roses and working on a 100+ page catalog design. Pretty awesome.
Me: But you can see that I have spent $40 K w/you & have never bounced a ck or been late on pymts with you. : Your problem.
is looking for individuals interested in tax opportunities...feel free to give me a call. 585-381-0810 x229 or send me your resume!!
way better then mickey a real pic with a princess
This RT : Big Al Hordord leads Hawks to victory - nice game -
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE U AT????
listening to the new album Under Fire!! SO GOOD!!! And trying to write my first speech for speech class!
We never really grow up.... we just learn how to act in public. Game face ..Action .... Morning....Tea Time.... Smile....
Witnessed a record number of skinny jeans on dudes today, and the Streetcar was positively an episode of
Its almost time to give birth to the Federation, the Federation will unleash its fury on the world. Join us www.RevenjJeans.com 08.01.11
great to meet u 2 #SHARE2012 . I was just a shirtless guy dancin' in the park :)
RT I want to have an awesome/crazy/exciting/sexual/drunk/happy summer! Who's in?
#Shopping for special dietary needs can get pricey. Which grocery store does a good job of catering to your needs at a reasonable price?
And out of focus. And I'm like "wow dude, nice front yard.......oh thats weed? my bad your camera is from 1995 and your weed is shit"
Stop by the #oracle booth to see a live demo of #Webcenter Sites
Do tell...
Very true couldn't of said it any better
I hope you didn't bet the house. I went while on the trail with 's beardier brother. Nice park you've got there.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) - Ohio officials will allow return of 5 surviving exotic animals to suicidal owner's widow.
Are you still at MW2011? I would love to talk to you about branding.
thanks for following back... I'm avail 24/7 i'm also mobile... Hit me for an appt 9196419290
Judge: "What is the business model?" : "None." Huge applause from the crowd. :)
cause I was with mom dukes and my niece getting her some shit for like a play for her school or some shit
It sucks bein sick:(
LOOKING FOR THE ELITE 1%! (OF IRISH THAT IS!) .. 1%-100% ALL WELCOME! VISIT AND LEARN ! AMAZING USA STORIES !www.irishamericanmuseumdc.org
Yawn. That is all.
odd, feeds from Eventful and Plancast that used to be DC-specific now pull events from everywhere
One would have to think that Davis is the only player out there w/ the way these announcers talk about him
were you the one who unveiled like a flower while the UNC guy shot free throws?
Eye Movement Study Reveals Six Must-Know Things About Facebook Brand Pages
At the #Hispz12 Corporate Diversity lunch. Looking forward to the rest of the week!
I am honestly thinking about quitting drinking.
- Not a bad cover! The blurb on led me to the covers record & their "Enjoy The Silence" reminds me of Posies.
#NowThatImOlder I learned to focus more on realistic things.
Playing 2 shows today, one on bass, on on electric guitar. My fingers will be pooped!
tennis practice
now the contracts are a way cool idea, #Topps! Way to stay ahead of the rest with great Ideas that keep fans interested!
I'm taking my phone case back. Yes ma'am!
RT The love I have for my family is beyond any measurement!!! They my everything;-)
“The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.” - Rollo May
maybe it's all the poker talk.;-)
its a coke zero in the cup. mexican cokes are for home use only. :)
thats some extreme fate/luck shit right there
So far on the campaign today I've been through: Leeds and New London.
RT No dreamer is ever too small; no dream is ever too big.
Alittle mommy time.......
Also cross me and know despair. 'Cause criss cross'll make you JUMP JUMP! It's the wiggedy whack, yo.
you need a Chicago location, having to eat and instead
Hey Love...How Are You?
Me and Makayla. :D
hahahahaha that is hilarious!
We know, right?
Yessir ! Im coming from all the way in Miami for this event . Also is it any style beats or is a Trap battle ?
I hate when Dunkin donuts have non Indian workers they suck
How does everyone have their EOC scores?
Sorry for the late response my dude but yeah I am!!
Thanks for following, ! Be sure to check out for all of your marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design needs!
That moment when you are using a knife to slice a apple and just know you are going to cut your hand off :)
bakiiiiiiii, always gotta have faith!!
I don't know about you, but being mentioned in the same tweet as & makes me misty eyed
Happy birthday to , whose work allows me to spend large portions of my day screwing around on youtube and tumblr.
Racines finest, Caron Butler is out there ballin with his busted hand.
Life's too short 4 bad music ..
Yeah I eat, but much rather beat it. Dick your girl down cuz I know she really need it .
Spencer thanks for the follow...... see you at there on the next story.
psh going big is the only way I know, Char.
Panel highlights via : future of digital includes "predictive engines" that target you based on future behavior.
We're launching in WI 3/5/12! Looking forward to helping everyone shop their service and product needs to save time and money!
Happy record store day!
RT God always has your back!
School is starting to piss me off
yup i love her shes awsome
I've been waiting for the UPS man (or woman, though not likely) all day! C'mon already!!!!
Zombie butts are hawt!!!! ;)
Congrats!! Nice finish tonight as well!!
Can't win em all.
No more YOLO
Awesome! I love etsy. Someday, I will have a job again and fill my house with lovely handcrafted camera themed things.
I'm so slow with the twitter these days. Thanks for the @ congrats!
We need a #happyhour STAT! “: Stop crying and get to work! “: Why am I so tired!””
Correction: Lori will be the youngest person to ENTER the Scripps Spelling Bee...good luck, young lady, make the old Commonwealth proud!
omg.....that is AWESOME. Are these forreal?
pls Jeremy follow me:) I'm your fan number 2! I love u a lot!
Is wishing Everyone a Very Happy Muharram! May GOD BLESS You All, and give You Happiness and Success in the upcoming Yr! GOD BLESS. :)
seen Kobernus on Harrisburg? That 70 speed or am fooled by SBs?
What is your political party that you are linked with
Almost at our goal of reaching 300 followers. We're giving out 5 free journals once we get there.
RT : Thanks for initiating dinner tonight - definitely one of the highlights of the week for me.
So what happen to the 21 and 22 year old youths we want something to do also.
Might be the whiskey talking, but - I'm lookin' at that giant costco punkin pie, wondering if s+j would notice a slice missing. LOL Naughty.
You know the thing with the World Records Confuses me, so the first to eat a hot dog probably became a record?! Lol
: Done! Thanks!
So much love around me!
Go here: You'll thank me after you have some p-nuts, burgers and beer.
So happy to have my girl home! Justin is a bonus too! Mountain time! Wooohoo
Happy to hear it! Keep up the great work!
Please tell me I'm not the only one pissed about the NHL all-star game roster.
very interesting article in Indie Reader!
lol wrong person ops
follow back?(:
I had respect for chris carter until he went and lied on sportscenter today.
Thursday is Lumpy Rug Day–a day to celebrate & appreciate a good rug. We’re celebrating by offering Wild Wednesday rug pricing 5/3!
Had a dream that a British girl was at my school, we became best friends and fangirled over the boys & Chatty Man LOL (:
Heading to #YALLFEST party. Ready to meet some vamps.
My turn:
Only have to go to practice 2 times this week and school 3.. Jesus really does love me!!
Did you tune in to the season premiere of #MadMen last night? Thoughts?
We left a couple on your desk for you :)
Thank you to all our new followers. We look forward to getting to know you and your involvement in the formation of our company. :)
Morning all..
Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. ~ Tom Lehrer
Just recently read that Sharon Osbourne is going to be a Mother-In-Law, Jack Osbourne is getting married, Congrats Jack & The Osbournes
That is really strange.
Congrats on callbacks everyone! :)
Just bc you cry about something, doesn't mean you get it. You can cry about wanting a BMW, doesn't mean it's in your garage now does it?
All The Way <3
:) *smiles* I had a surprise for you but you were sicky! Ill save it for tomorrow so no worries. Rest up so we can party!
I have to write an 80-100 word bio for myself. I'm trying hard to resist the impulse to talk about my exploits fighting sharks and nazis.
Sometimes it better, too keep what you know to yourself
R2 Construction for commercial and residential work. 817-715-4833 Big or small we do it all.
I am sad that will not be joining us the weekend! Maybe we should plan a road trip to see her.
follow me i follow back
wish i could make it out to see Avery
I guess the answer shouldn't be gorging myself on Taco Bell and Miller Lite! How about a hot shower or good book instead?
Like fo real this time bro. Good night:) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
my god. that's next weekend! fabulous. i will be very very ready for a good stiff drink. or seven. :)
he'd get over it. :) lol
playing Oklahoma Showcase at Friends on Thursday 11pm!!!
Why do Spanish happy birthdays have to be do god damn long...
m new carpet smell
"A confused babble of women's voices and laughter is heard. Steele winks at Brown."- BREAD AND BUTTER
I know a good home for it!
Looking forward to hearing of fame in #Vagoose at the #AAMKT #PSTECH - after
Agreed, sir! RT : Everybody must see !
Congress allowed these "banks" to function with such expansive latitude without laws determining criminality is unlikely.
how about a bag? YSL or Balenciaga?
For once I wanna look in the mirror and be happy with what i see.
Thank you..for showing me what a true friend is!
Still really sore from Tuesday night's dance bootcamp at the Pink Flamingo!
M , I think today's just not that day.. I had too much time ....
Finally time to start packing! Home in the morning=) =) =)
Nothing says classy like a PBR Tall Boy! Cheers!
Drop whatever you are about to eat and go get a dorrito lock tack from the bell. You're welcome in advance.
picaso was good
what pony?!
ikes, decent burriots, vegan food is around if you're into that sort of thing. we just got a pete's coffee in the library.
Congrats to on their huge appearance tonight on They partnered with B.O.B., Duracell for an Olympic anthem.
No hate this year Parachute is hot should co sign that shit
Hey haven't talked to u in a while how has ur day been! I love u so much ur my role model!!! <3
... and then brought it for two brutal months a baseball collapse no one has had anywhere ever
Sweet Caroline
"The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you." -B.B. King
where are you?
Hoping for strong wins in MI & AZ by tonight to finally begin the end of this primary circus and get on with business
Thanks for the retweet!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future...it is something you design for the present
workin and drinking... The usual.. We goin to Rubicons...
Padma Its me "TIO" Carlos Kovalsky from Clark U !!! How are you ?? is it your birthday? Felicitaciones When can we talk ?
When the going gets tough....well, What does the job market look like in 2012. Albert Einstein In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity
Thanks, workspaces + GOTO Meeting is a good combo; microsoft lync and sharepoint or VMware sliderocket/?octopus? don't cut it
Another interesting new one Enoch Smith Jr's "Misfits" with the beguiling voice of Sarah Elizabeth Charles
let's change that June 1st!
Much appreciated!
Don't forget the Seahawks. Bruce Irvin as the 1st pass rusher off the board?
Don't get it twisted: i don't txt n drv...i tweet @ red lights!
So happy that exam is over with
#Facebook is down. Just when I learned how to use it.
let make this a fun convo!!!!! :D lets talk about bowling balls haha xD
Three more articles to go. Taking a break
Just cut my finger on a gum package. Later today I will petition to get a warning label placed on all gum packages.
Yes I did, thank you
Getting my nails done tomorrow<U+2665>
Got u on the followback thx!
textbook me ;)
if you don't want to hear spice girls on repeat then you shouldn't have said I could pick the music
yes yes Goddess
Thank goodness Votto is playing first base in the ninth.
Car towed... tire/wheel place closed on sundays... this is what i get for sharing my secrets on a blog. Jeezus the past 24hrs have been nuts
well im happy for ya #congrats (:
is now following me ! Maybe I can learn to plant some #Tebow in the turf!
Hey Pilates instructors, did you know there are tons of great groups on Linkedin that you can join to network and find great information?
I am here to talk anytime! :) Luv u! MTM
cause I have to do everyones laundry.
Great buy T-money.. RT : My new RayBan Folding Wayfairs are quite the hit-a complete must for the summer!
Monte Ball putting his balls in oregons face
Going on stage at in 15 minutes! Make sure to watch at 11am today! = )
I actually don't really think Berman is the best for the job. I mean the whole back, back, back gets old real fast.
Here goes my shot at a social media strategy Only original tweets and RT here, no pics no checkin no app posts. All that stuff going to
what was that all about?!?
Good luck to today at #3 Texas.
Edwin Black, author of "War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America's Campaign to Create a Master Race," will speak at CANDLES at 6pm on 9/22
Just throwing it out there, WCAR is playing Summerfest. Let the insanity begin.
Hee Bee Gee Bee's are the hardest thing to shake off after a long week
“: Espindola is a classless hack.. I hope the Frenchman gives him a lesson. #SportingKC”. THIS!!
Okay, sounds great! I can deliver 10,000 targeted visitors to your site for $200
Aw thank you, Hannah! :) You made my day! hehe Yep yep! Three more Illos on the burner for this week! Excited!
hahahahahahaha yes. can i see you tonight
no it's the BMV, I just wasted a bunch of time there today because they wouldn't accept my proof of residency.
they must be gay
i want to go see Chronical.
Rise and grind....
Wow #Magic drama before the game tonight...watching it on Local 6 WKMG
I have the soundtrack if you want it!
I'm with you. Ready for some sunshine! Maybe tomorrow? Thurs/Friday look to be gray as well.
Ha! RT : Wow. I'm getting whip-lash from the insta-spin on the jobs numbers report. Lies, damn lies...
You got that right! Looking forward to seeing you there!
how about Mr. Vottos Performance last night?
this scenario kind of throws a wrench at wwe title. Shemus would have to go for that messing up punk/jericho
I never thought that it'd be easy Cause we both so distant now And the walls are closing in on us And we're wondering how No one has a solid
Weekend Promotion: type "thankyou" at checkout online and receive 25% off your online order. Offer expires midnight tonight.
I'm really looking forward to d group tonight after taking last week off. Missin my fam.
#C #V #A RT Happy 26th enjoy it Mane!
Trying to turn it off but I just keep thinking, how am I going to put 7 weeks of #lesson plans together. Oi!
We are recording tracks tomorrow (Friday) for Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns aka Bring on the Funk!
The years go by like stones under rushing water.
last summer in july...it was TERRIBLE...I would sit outside just to COOL OFF and it was 100 outside and inside...sleeping was IMPOSSIBLE
what leftover steak? I ate that all today while you were gone. Looks like you're #SOL!
Make everyday a Small Business Saturday!!!! Support
ya i see...it took you 2 days to reply haha.
i hate his kid so much and want to kill him so bad every time i'm in dragons reach
Phone records does not show ant text sent to my phone. Non was also sent from my phone # on my behalf neither.
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." ~Alfred A. Montapert~ Have a restful night & an amazing week, all!
#RObotz lets get to 80K TONIGHT! we got this! Start tweeting people who aren't following him TO follow him! :)
Get 1 Free Dessert per table with purchase of entree when you check into Oz Korean BBQ on your Yelp, Foursquare, or Facebook phone apps!
I've loved and I've lost.
Quick - Come to the #MKEfoodies bake sale Amazing treats, fill a bag for only $10, for Cookies for Kids Cancer.
Happy Birthday cuzo , love you :)
5 minutes of extra time?! What a joke.
good how are you? (: ~K
She always have stuff to tell but don't tell me shit lol funny actin
Fresh new Nike live wallpaper!
Why am I being tagged in stoning photos on FB?
Happy 4th of July. From Salute Wine Bar & Cafe Management team!
Musing on career choices. I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
I "mocktail" my cranberry juice! Seltzer water, and Cranberry Juice Cocktail with lime!
Drinks please! NOW
I'm excited to be a keynote speaker Designer Viewpoint Series tomorrow at noon!
Crud. My first dead hard drive. It's my external 1TB drive, and I've checked it on multiple systems. Of course there's no backup. Now what?
This isn't creepy at all, but does anyone have any kids I can babysit? I'm going through little kid withdrawals.
The Day I Just Go To The Dealership & Cop A Whip Like It's Nothing...
BIll Hanzlik won't be able to join us tomorrow, as his father just passed away... Our thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family...
Also, the birthday of contemporary writer Anne Lamott, who writes, "You can either practice being right or practice being kind."
#communion - Jesus said "do this in remembrance of ME", He didn't say do it in remembrance of all the bad stuff you've done.
WISHING EVERYONE IN OUR ZOMBIE/MICHAEL JACKSON COMMUNITIES HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND REMEMBER SPREAD THE LOVE THANKS
Nice choice for megan's mother.
Ha! Did you plan that? It's pretty much a perfect match! :D
Take a moment today to appreciate all the goodness in your life! We truly are blessed.
The #Orioles go into the 2nd half of the season w/ an average attendance of 21,542 @ Camden Yards. Can the fans pick it up?
"Patient... unable to speak a Word of Sense; yet very merry, and laughs, and sings." Scientist Robert Hooke experiments with cannabis, 1689
Hello Connie, I love your voice Please RT ME! That would make me the Happiest Person in the World!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Outshoot your opponent 22-3 in the 3rd and OT and lose.
Oh... RT : Go Bulls! RT : Game 3 of Heat vs Pacers anyone????
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> Be strong in the Lord and Never give up hope You're gonna do great things I already know <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Thank goodness for this cinnamon roll from the Upper Crust. M, M good.
I would too lol
For those that asked, you can follow me on Twitter
Almost done at work, looking forward to my day off soon
just went to Plains Capital Bank and turned in my application and resume!
Between the Grizzlies and the Canucks how much can Vancouver fans be expected take?
Ghetto fab...gets u ghetto status...which gets u ghetto robbed..!
I hate Genevieve!~
lol RT : it's been this way for years. That head needs to be calibrated
What #House & #EDM tracks are ya'll feeling out there? Accepting requests for "I Put My P-JAYs On" Volume 2!
If you listen to KNIX...it's no surpise who's headlining Woodjock. So besides Joe Nichols...we have lots more to announce, but txs r limited
Record Breaking Turn Out for #SummerWrite #OpenHouse! Thanks everyone that came out!
That's great, thanks for checking it out! feel free to let any of us know if you have questions
Water restrictions make it harder to keep trees from stressing, but hand-watering is always allowed, even if restricted to only 1Xweek.
ur friends see the vid yet? U did great. Thx again for being in it.
only for fun (nickel, dime quarter). My buddy Bryan is a pro :)
go to the web site.. www.crownn.net
Space tourism? Really? It's a niche market with a few wealthy customers hoping their ride doesn't blow up as it screeches towards sub-orbit
You know what's a start cutting off those fcuking braids, and stop actin like a bitch every time we lose, we are the
Can I pre-order yet? RT I tell u one thing...Errybody's gonna be using the Heat on 2K11 and NBA Live 11!
Congrats!!! i saw you made it!! im super happy for you! GO GET 'EM!!!!!
Are you off today or welcoming back the work week?
at least she doesn't want to murder you
would be honored my friend... just let me know... get some rest brother...big weekend for you
& I wonder how your relationship gotto be for fricken perfect...?
“:“: I can seriously listen to all day everyday. they make my heart happy.” me to” // guys ME TOO!
all most fell a sleep lol
I don't get how people can be so rude.
My challenge is to use the tools given to make art. Sometimes it seems impossible but I accept the challenge. Hopefully I reach the audience
Yes. I will pick them up and glue them back together!
Scored that 3rd interview!
I want a chocolate brownie right now !
#WhatILoveMost a beautiful smile that my heart smile. Not an easy task though.
Full House: The complete third season, Emperor's New Groove, Heavyweights
Good morning everyone !
Thnx 4 hanging out with us #GISGeeks. It was a blast. #2012PSS Just got back 2
Y'all have any idea how excited I am 4 #saa13, esp cuz I live here
I think the term "multitasking" came about because it sounds better than saying "I have attention deficit disorder". -- j s gilbert
Jesus, your options are rough.
It just hit me. Tomorrow is the last day of summer. This really sucks. :(
#IfItWasUpToMe there would be more dance parties and less war
No did not see it.
My haircut is so bad
REACH partnership going on now! 10 percent of sales go to help there program
You should see the one on Andres Escobar and the Colombia 1994 World Cup team.
Happy Hump Day...where is Friday???
I will never not smell like chlorine again.
Just read the first book in the Hunger Games series. What a great way to spend a rainy bus trip from DC to NYC.
Thanks for the company. Nice to get some things off my chest over beers
Found a place called Alpaca World in a shopping mall today. Bought a lot of stuff.
Christine on #sisterwives seems so unhappy
what? There's a red carpet? O... Ive got to get a new outfit to wear! And shoes!! Yay!
I had not thought death had undone so many
#Austin if you follow me you can ask a Latino...me, any question you were afraid to ask us of before. Honest answers here.
Have a good one!
Party Bus now available for this Friday night Mar. 12th Contact us now to book your event at a discounted rate. 447-2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Thanks Habs for a wondeful few seasons! It has been great! But I am ready to carry on with a fresh start as a Predator!
Night 2 of the horse gig. Sleep then leave at 330 am to do a church circus event!
Just finished an awesome "Meet The Baby" party in New York for my daughter Michaela, next... Drive back to FL starting tomorrow.
sounds like it!
Someones phone went off as a police syron and she screamed "oh!! I thought that was immigration!!!" lol
#ff because if there's anybody we truly love, it's stupid assholes who are into organized sports.
heading down to watch play tonight. Better pull off another stellar performance for us.
The time is now for the to move Weeks to #2 and the CF tandem to #1. Weeks not getting it done
you know you could always start a side business taking puppy portraits. this could actually be huge... you can start w mine!
Regular students go to high school... Stoners go to school high... #smoking is bad lol
Twitter wants me to follow Colorado Tourism. I freely admit I grew up there, but I have no idea why anyone would want to follow that.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.~Eleanor Roosevelt
Don't forget, you can tweet to have anything posted on our feed. Send anything good you might overhear!
I bet the guy who invented #Instagram is gonna post artsy grainy pix of piles of money.
Thanks for stopping in, hope to see you soon!
It's funny how my ramen cravings, mostly latent since high school, have gotten worse since I bought an electric kettle.
can't wait till summer. i still need someone to take although i have an idea of 3 people i want to take.
finally caved and made a twitter. let's party!
Someone should come over my house... Im bored.
I was taught how to dougie by Vinny because he's sexy (;
When all hope is gone… then its gone So don’t lose hope, keep the faith, stay strong. De La Cruz Music
"Love what you do. Do what you love." --Wayne Dyer
One day we'll all look back on case sensitivity as the scourge of the information age and the end of humankind.
If only HetNets would evolve in time to support my coverage during ACL :) RT Sprint is talking HetNet this morning. Very cool
“: If I don't follow you back it's because I think you're a cylon.” By your command...
oh god , my crazy ass uncle here .. smh
not sure if that is cute or sacreligious
Ray Easterling’s Widow to Keep Fighting for Retired N.F.L. Players With Head Injuries
Oklahoma City full strength. couldn't do anything on the 4 min PP. (0/2 tonight)
thank u! I have The Geek squad at Best Buy working on it!! :)
does it work in Boerne?
Marjorie Stone argues that nineteenth century scholars have been slow to engage in the theorization of the archival turn.
My stepson is coming home from Korea for a visit..
Thanks for the RT Love!!
offensiveness/cruel satire : ways to stretch society's tolerance for real differences of opinion so we don't wind-up mobbing --
yo , that Friendly City track is disssgguuussting!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all those wonderful mothers out there!! You're greaty appreciated & loved <3
Daryl Mitchell ROCKS!
Quote MZ: “It's so windy today I'm really glad I had a piece of chocolate cake last night or else I would have been blown away out here.”
What's the best new fashion trends you've seen lately?
sweet! Have so much fun!!! :)
Had so much fun today hung out wt my niece all day shes my sunshine
u ladies r hilarious! Lol no wonder yall get along so well!
RT : i really dont like that show.
maybe the Harry interview from that magazine is fake…like when someone made a cover to a magazine say "Taylor Lautner confirms he's gay"
Jay Jaworski the founder of Star Mentors invites you to the platinum highway event . www.starmentors.com
hahaha you watchin the Charlie Murphy skit with Prince??
Jersey Shore experience. Check. What a piece of Americana...
Saw on a #college campus International students laser tag night. This should be added to the a list of things Vietnam vets shouldn't attend.
Congratulations to all our friends and the hard working people at 99.5 WYCD!!!! #1 woo!!!
Business is business not everybody is ready!!!
nice. I stay in Ft.Laud. feel free to hit me up anytime you're in town
I was so worried about prism. You are good, girl!
Another great Duran Duran karaoke song is "Reflex". Study it and we shall rock! What should I sing...
Hey #pncbank, you're sneaky and I don't like you.
John Mayer's new album. That's all that needs to be said.
Ironically, it's part of my job to tweet from work...but on the company account.
We 'Hate' to Say It, Cena...
You should try it, Jeff... it'll make you feel like your 20 again! LOL!
If you get your finger caught in a door, it could take your finger off...
<3 RT I am almost to 400,000 Followers!!! Help me get there! TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW YOU!!!!!
Some guy on JSOnline comments calling Craig Counsell a "turd." A turd with more walks than YuBet, Lucroy, or
Touchdown Hogs!
uh why the heck am i getting a mcdonald's tweet on my wall if i'm definitely not following them!?!!?
Next show will be a get Aaron out of the dusty old warehouse benefit
His balls in his zipper OUCH!
Ray: "I'm so full, I can't even drink!" Aimee: "what's wrong with you???"
well maybe not anything
Had a awful day
It's hard enough when you BLACK and can't find a job but now you wanna raise taxes. Keep raising em & ya'll asses aint gone have sh.t
Day 46 of 100: I am thankful for breathing.
You canbut all me it but it's Haura. I go by hailey though. cx PLEASE don't ever call me by my first name. & really? :o t ...
Catching up on some
Thank you for the follow Dave!
This isn`t sitting well with me.
Also, will companies measure and reward innovation? If so, how?
Ok pinterest if you want me to like you don't make me wait 30 seconds for photos to load on the app.
: Thanks for the #FF. Good to see you in Bradenton.
Is that azz bouncing for me?
For post-grad exp., I'm a huge fan of nonprofits. Volunteering okay per FLSA & experience comes with helping others.
Stay tuned in the next few days for our completely redesigned website and Facebook page.
Seriously Jess? lololol I love you <3
What did you think of it? I know, I ask almost every time you post-but I'm curious...
What does it mean if you break a mirror with a rabbit's foot?
Nothing like having to walk a bike back to the shop after a chain snaps in the Third Ward.
Just took a group of super crabby boys to the children's museum. Good thing I made time out of my schedule to take them!
follow me back
what's up?!
RT : um.ok ? lol < That shit funny! My Mom sent me that! Yeah she's crazy like me!
I will after my current session lol
I don't care about Lindsey Lohan... and I certainly don't care about her father.
Chris Mann is hot. Those light eyes with that dark hair. Holla!
I agree cause I'm a tattoo addict
You too! <3
I hope someone has the Viagra rations going...
I am so lucky in this respect. My dad is an entrepreneur so he's all about going your own way. He would give you a high 5.
And if you missed our call yesterday, Nomad is currently seeking a video artist or photographer. Reach us @
thanks for the follow back.
UPDATE: #Transportation & #Infrastructure Mem., Cong. Duncan Hunter returning again this yr to the convention! Early-bird rates still apply!
Woke up this morning to a big donation to from the Grand Canyon 1-2-3 Rim Adventure Gang. Wow #speechless!
ah yes.Reid Hoffman was on Charlie Rose Show this past week. You can see the show on hulu. Both authors were on the show.
This should be a video devblog instead...
Women and problems go togather like sex and condoms
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere, they're in each other all along
ill be your valentine.
: What determines whether ICT makes a difference?
#Infinity is my new boyfriend! #BMW was 2 high maintenance!
that's like $1 a foot.
true that.
Made it through #FreeComicBookDay spending less than $80!
This time tmrw you're gonna be like, "dang I shoulda been on that booze cruise.." don't miss out! still 2 spots left!!
Looking for a PPC Analyst with 1-3 years experience in the NYC area. Let me know if you're interested or know someone who may be!
can't wait to get my new headshots from the printer so I can start spreading the round to the casting directors!
RT oh boy | : Did someone say frozen daiquiri machine?
Gay is ok, and if you feel the need to say sick things about it, then u get unfollowed or banned.
I Would Die Of Laughter If I Saw A White Girl With Weave.
lmfao that is very true so:p
Thanks for the advice! A vendor wouldn't refund our money, and you told me to keep harassing them. It worked!
I've been sick for a minute. I'm feeling a lot better now.
Sleep done jumped on my back!.
Yes, that does look like an interesting conference. I will definitely have to check my schedule. Thanks!
Heck yeah. That looks delicious!
My phone battery bout to die and Im bored as hell wit no way to get home rite now smgdh
LSU could have started at #1 in the polls next season but after this, let's try USC on top.
Went pretty chalk this year, I got UNC, Mich St, Kentucky and FSU
Which one and why?
Proud to announce our partnership with beginning today! Show your card and get a free size upgrade on your cafe drink.
4 new characters at once could be awesome or the worst idea ever
I mean, it's pretty. I get it. But I went to art college and I still think I'm not high enough to watch this.
There are some seniors that I just want out of here.
Thank you, life should always be magical
The merit of originality is not novelty; it is sincerity. ~Thomas Carlyle
The weekend is almost here.. What's the move?.
can't say i know the answer to that.
I'm starting to see a lot of similarities between me and Pat Bateman
I've spent the morning writing letters to friends (every Sat.), but I've ALSO had "Mommy Dearest" on a loop, so shit is gonna get weird.
RT RT TGIF!!! We have all your deals for that special musician on your list!! Come on by!!
FREE SHIPPING ALL THE TIME only for my etsy shoppers =)
Just returned edits to author of Draftee: The mostly true tales of a rear echelon mother f**ker" What a read!
I just some NFL period. And fantasy football.
Yes, but he has to go to work! lol
Sumthin has got to give!
Okay I saw a message from a while ago that said you didn't, but if they're not super busy then I'll get you a phone call. :)
People living deeply have no fear of death.
Brandon Weeden was drafted by the Browns yesterday and immediately became the second oldest starting QB in the AFC North.
Still recovering from the amazing 12 course dinner last night.....time for a walk
it's a plan
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Make Money On eBay® And Your Own Website
RT : RT : RT If a spider has ever offered you the fade.
What if we took all the behavioral psychologists employed by advertising firms and used their expertise to design a new economic system?
I know! I like to get my niece trademark infringement stickers there- like Tweety bird hanging out with Minnie Mouse.
Scuba Diving with Eileen Rene for her Birthday today. Also finishing up my PADI Open Water Diver Certification w/Leandro Chayra.
Excited to volunteer for Hunger Clean up today with the team.
I'm the coolest...so I suggest u dress with the weather!s5G
Feels good not hvn anything to do.
lol jamin to new song Usher made PROMISE/ lol its hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ya like this series acting like they love the kings
Booked job in KC in two weeks when I visit my hubby!
very true
That's wonderful! My daughter hit the same milestone a year back. She was 7.
Nowhere in the area is showing the fight. I hear all manner of foolishness and shenanigans are going on. Thanks Dallas...NOT!!
Philosophy of Law!
good man. He's a good coach. You will excel in his system.
There should really be a Dislike button on facebook.
"hey greg, how 'bout you go piss your pants again!" "that was like eight years ago, asshole." "people don't forget!"
hell yeah brush u shoulders off boo
I wonder do he miss me the same way i miss him
Just talked to common's mom!
RT : “I'd like to see the fairways more narrow.Then everybody would have to play from the rough,not just me” Steve...
Dude, congrats. Glad to have you around town!
Going to school ah its raining!!!
i freaking miss you meatball!!!!!...ily bitch
P.S. - tell Mac I said "Happy Vaisakhi!" :-)
Trader Joe's Carbonara and Bacon Ravioli may be my new favorite food. Only problem is I ate too much...
you deserve to be on there, those people have one thing in common #motivation if you are in richmond pop in to my gym and say hi
Can you tell us who and when did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race? Petty, Wood Bro?
Cant wait for the movies tonight!! 7:40pm?
I can't I just woke up LOL
WOW is that Carrot Top? He's gone downhill from downhill!
feeling good about your outside, takes little changes each day on the inside (FOR A HAPPIER AND HEALTHIER YOU! )
I love waking up to your cute little texts <U+2764><U+2764>
its about time
It's really a true shame when these coaches put themselves above the team or the university for their own personal desires.
sounds like Gator needs a little walkin' around money...go get 'em
Thanks for the mentions! Our community is growing and we spread the love!
Congrats Petr & Vera Kravchun on your 2nd Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sac Franchisee. You are great at developing customer relationships.
hey wats up?
alright, i think i am too, depends on my mom. :)
Olathe's Garmin shows wide gains in revenue to start 2012 - Kansas City Star
San Diego weather is back on track
daydreams were dangerous, because they made her wish for things she could never have
Rome's #smackoff is trending in Columbus. This guy's show has a cult like following
#timemanagement tip via "The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities"
It's pretty bonkers. I'm on my 'lunch break', thus, the sudden tweeting and linking.
Go follow for me:)
,How can you let Epstine Blame F&F on Bush, Is GWB still President, Please tell me he ran Obama off,I'll take Bush any day
Confidence is sexy. Arrogance is ugly.
Just want to say how much I love all the updates you're doing now! Well done. So many great book events in PDX!
Sometimes when I'm walking down State Street, I like to not listen to my iPod but instead to the sounds of Madison.
Thank you god for the hookup today! Ur breaking awesome!!!!
exactly what I did lol
#NP / Good Sense mixtape....2nd time so far ...on repeat
So.... Yeah im not tired my body is.....
Andrew Levack ends his talk with: "Let's hear it for the boys!"
Justin Bieber movie and homework...winning.
HRJOBBOARD.COM and partners are seeking to increase hiring in your HR department. Visit us today at www.hrjobboard.com
I work today from 2 to 5!
sure, cats love candy. Hello Kit Kats, duh! “: I just blamed empty candy wrappers on the cat...think my husband fell for it?”
Is it normal that I blasted #saysomethin danced with my mom and started crying?
California, film tax credit: Study shows film tax credit pumped $3.8 billion into California economy - Los Angeles Times
hell u been at dawg
hey Logan my Bday is Sunday can you please tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CROSSROADS BALLROOM! (QUINCE/DEBUT) TIL 2 AM! GONNA BE CRAZY!
This storm really needs to pass over quick!!
That unresistable urge to go on twitter or on something with Justin Bieber in school that is so unresistable. I think you get the picture :)
Playing sax at Universal Studios then downtown Disney ....long day ....but glad to be a musician
So happy and got to stay! #TEAMROCHEE ! and did really well too!(:
Nell Merlino will be part of the faculty at the Women’s Success Summit V. She is the author of Stepping Out Of Line and founder of Take...
Of course Darkseid was crap. That's the way Smallville works. I liked that we didn't really see him suited up.
RT : A great morning start to your day... Expect the un-expected good to happen today & U will end your day with something...
Howdy ! I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers & Tweet abt learning, brains, cool facts
you're a big girl you got this!
okay will the real grown-ups step up? washington is more than broken its in shambles.
Finally some peace and quiet.
Will be incorporating the new color of the year into my current PIXEL-Micro! super hot!
Some movies just don't make no damn sense.
just finished watching the hunger games .. yah i know im late but it was great!! except when rue dies i wanted to kill that boy
we'll break that routine tonight when we add doing some Truth or Dare into your night.
back in the studio tmrw. oh yes. more songs are a-coming.
what do u mean he hasnt been with another guy? u wnt him to be a virgin?
Great to see the excitement build up re Honorable Unity Dow's upcoming visit and lecture!
preparing for new clients and a growing team. attitude of gratitude and all worth sharing with a certain someone :)
finished class and about to make my way over! Will be in touch!
the slow and unfriendly service at Atlanta airport, concourse A, did NOT live up to the image you project in your commercials!
not goin back to jail
and a Zesen Pesach to you too!
don't forget If your down he down. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas
: You inspire me in lots of ways! Happy Monday.
This morning my coworker said, "Yeah, I cleaned the bathroom really well last night."
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(:
Okay, catalogers - are any of you providing metadata support for data management and/or data management plans?
Shout Out<333333
riots will end...forecast is rain=no work boots. And they are coming way too close to sticking to something for a week.
Nothing like a power run to energize the day. Endorphins!
Update: The Amazing Acro-Cats are officially sold out for the 4pm/ 7pm shows on Monday!
I want to read about Mali, any ideas?
great local show tonight at It's for a good cause. You guys should come.
This isnt us. I just want things to go back to normal. :(
I'm enjoying hearing the european versions of a lot of stuff lately. I tried to be an import hound but it was expensive!
Choose what you will lose. 1). Lose your fear and live your life or 2). Lose your life because of your fears.
I'm so blessed and grateful to be able to take care my chipped windshield.
It definitely Freaked me out too! Could not sleep at all...
Thanks for spreading the Cabot love ;-)
”You have to make a change to see a change.” What’s your favorite motivational quote?
Fucking lost another game. Can't win on 2 good players fml
ME TOO lol
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally.
David Shukman looks at ways to plug the North Sea gas leak
no real plans for the weekend. Just keeping it quiet.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
I'm sorry to hear that, I wish that weren't true!
#ThatPerfectMoment when you buy a cd and you love every single song
Thanks sweetie :) *hugs*
Hey and I have a new hashtag...
that's what I'm thinking.
So much excitement ahead today, beginning with election results at ALA HQ and ending with belly rubs for two fine dogs in Baltimore.
Snow day here in Atlanta tomorrow. Woohoo.
that was when we was ballas in process so you know it was shake too! Couldn't pick any of it up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I hope I made an impact in your life, I hope I did everything right with you, I hope I did make you happy and smile, I wish you saw that. :/
I wanted to hang out with AJ. :(
is that Henry's thing for tonight?
John Blaze lookin ass...
You're going to love it! RT : SO incredibly pumped to see at Second City this weekend. Dratchy goodness. mm.
"I got2say That love is not a whisper or a weakness No,love is strong so we got2get2gether Yeah,gotta get 'Til there is no reason 2fight"
np our pleasure
FishBowl Radio Network Shelly Alexis Ballard : FML's Now Do you have any?
I think we're in a street fight. Yet, many of us in this room approach it as if we're in a college debate, says
Floyd Mayweather is REALLY attractive!
I Think positively! ..So Mentally! ..U can't get 2 me!
shoutout to - hope you have a great day and take care :)
I'm loving this white coca cola can.
According to EPA, roughly one third of our total trash is reused, a percentage that has grown every year since the first Earth Day in 1970
I know! I just sent a tweet to Niall to see if it's true. I hope so!!! Zayn, Harry, then Niall(?).
I'm pissed
How the heck can Firefox be using 500K of RAM on this PC at MPOW?
I just supported Torah Academy in the Kohl's Cares for Kids $10M Giveback Contest! #kohlscares - and if they get in the top 20, I can win!!
The weather man
Why are all of you not using #google #plus right this minute.... #awesome. Need an invite message me!
Feeling a bit strained like i have been holding the Ring too long. internet, my precious.
Hey you should tweet #FirstFlightOutOfLouisville one more time… it's so awesome!
good morning
Sincere thanks to the & for debuting the NRI team!
yo gotti -i got that sack
It's another Friday! :D
Think you were spammed. Had to change my pw last night because of the same thing. Someone does not want us on here.
At the WSU bball game with my dad and brothers. First game as a ranked team!
yup. Pretty unfiltered and much better than the first episode.
We miss you Adam! ....and we miss you Captain Charisma!
Just like mc lovin.... call me super bad.
Females treat like a piece of meat! Poor me huh! Lol
All of them!
PS- what generation?
Thank you everyone for all of the wonderful bday wishes.. I feel very blessed.. And loved : )
Off to Fort Devens for some photo work.
you're the only one :( Love you too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
well with that attitude it certianly is missy.
Celebrating National Pound Cake Day (2 days early). Marketing ploy or real holiday?
i agree i cant believe this
#kids Family Movie Matinees at Dallas Public Library - Children's Center, Sun, May 20 2:00p: Every Sunday afternoon at 2pm, join us to...
you dont know me like that, quit actin like we cool, i been in it for a minute, quit actin like im new -
ahhaha glad he is still the same! Lol
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable. ~Thomas Foxwell Buxton
Enjoy today for all the right reasons... Now you know.
I touched my math book as I slid it under my bed to forget about it existence.
RT : Sad shitty news. Donald "Duck" Dunn RIP My advice to any bass player: All you need to know is on Booker T & MG's Gt Hits.
English homework. :/
Great! #UR pride, for sure.
Its almost 1am, and i'm still up studying in my dorms.
RT : Exploring OneNote .. it lets you write down notes, thoughts, ideas, scribbles, reminders, and all kinds of information WH ...
I was 1-3 LAST WEEKEND on playoff games. Let's see if I can do better. NO-SF. Tough. Niners do it at home 27-24. U say what?
Seems incomplete without some audio of the nonhuman. I'd like to hear the sound of 200mph wind blowing into a mic for 15 mins.
RIP Nicole<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Love the #K1S1 idea. Kind of similar to a post that we're probably putting up shortly
I followed washing/ drying instructions on a shirt and it shrank. It's a cotton tank, is there any way to unshrink it?
great job molly!
My bro & I were glued 2 the show 4 the past 3 days. So glad Col. Purcell survived. So sad that 58,000 didn't.
when i get home :o in a few minutes
Go follow ill follow u back??(:
When life throw you curve balls, learn to adapt and control your direction.
It's always sunny in philidelphia
New Davinci Virtual offer in Oregon for just $50/mo! Call today to secure this deal.
#TTPTP A funhouse where all the prizes you can win R reflected in the mirrors,SB TV blasts from loudspeakers and U do tasks to get bucks.
i enjoy my work.
Hearing the wonderful festival orchestra play the KEPLER score is a real thrill!
Get on the money train or get left behind :^)
yeah, the problem is I have to drive becca to school. Sitting in car waiting in her now.
Took a nap with was knocked out cold lol
Sittin by the lake sippin some wine passin blunts with my ppl..oh yeah with my feet kicked up..#team wifi
are you the chick I keep seeing at the club? :p
The are my squad but I have to keep it clean. I have impressionable kiddos following me.
: I associate I'm Going Home by Daughtry. It played at the end of the show About Face.
Pissy mood mom having one I those days that's just bout her ..... Gosh she's like Idc if that happened to you this happened 2 me
WTF is wrong with Melanie?
yeah. Can't wait for that...
I'm so sad!!!!! Well......with everything they went through this year, Japan deserved this!
Next year, I will wear a derby hat.
ya no problem. :) #where you from?
Pale ass white bitch with pink frosting
another old concert memory: saw Johnny Depp when he was in The Kids.
happily married, not looking
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can’t. What you’ve got to do is turn around and say, “I can, Watch me.”
um... ok, that's a start i guess lol
Got CA burger 4 lunch. Meat dried out, bacon tough&fatty, avocado barely present. What happened? They've delivered better in the past.
Would you and your brother kindly please refrain from airing your dirty laundry on the internet? Thank-you.
27 finally came 20 min late or 20 min early. It's a sunny Saturday, I can't think of a good reason why.
Los Angeles.... stop playing with my emotions. I just love you! Ok?!
You will be a 4-year starter at QB if you play at Arizona.
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares...
New house and maybe a husband is what I would like. I work for free, he gives me my allowance.
Any giving Sunday.
im not that slow lol
I get so stir crazy like insanely irritated if I stay in one place to long
Congrats! That is great news for all.
Never promise a girl anything cause people change, things happen... And it sucks
Really wanna get some earrings from forever 21 when I go out town this weekend but i don't know of I'll wear them hm..
Night. Have fun with your man tomorrow. :)
I think you have Sriracha in your veins...
*my dad on the phone* "hey, do you have any firearms? wanna come put a bullet in my head.." lmao what even
You're welcome! RT : Thanks to & for introducing me to Susan & Liz at Fun project!
I really dislike Monday mornings.
Where the fuck is my passport...fuuuuuuuuuk
Did Zumba with weights today. I'm in pain.
explains that incubator classrooms give ea student a laptop & have moving chairs and tables so WORK can be done
i'll direct message it
not much watching the big bang theory lmao you?
Well, two other students and I are here at the appointed time. No sign of the person in charge who told us to be here now. Yay Russia!
The Andrews Sisters performing Irving Berlin first major hit "Alexander's Ragtime Band". Enjoy! bit.ly/vtPlD2 fb.me/1rJh66Qib
Anchoring the 8 and the 11 O'Clock shows all week!
EURUSD is about to go south it looks like...I'm expecting a minor break out in about 15 minutes...8:30pm EST seems to a special time
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
Weblog of Alicia - Floor Lamp Home Depot
Raise your hand in mine I'll live when I wanna
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma team. Bring your deposit tonight and make sure you are working on getting your balance in before June.
Yeah! (and it's :-) RT : Excited for The Room viewing (and pre-party with + others) tonight!
At least, in season, you have the farmers market in Copley. RT : I would add #Copley to that list.
Yes! I was randomly logged out and it wouldn't save my draft when I was working on a post about an hour ago.
Free toney douglas
At sneak preview of new BMO Harris Pavilion Great addition. Steve Miller Band opens 6/27
You're bowing out huh. ha
And there exits my favorite team...Bulls get healthy & make a run next year. Gotta know game situations. Time to cheer for the Pacers.
No one loves me, yep.
ive had like 8 hours of sleep since thursday night. goodnight
sad people waste their day on such ignorance.
I think the only word that accurately describes my Avengers movie experience is "Squee!" Joss Whedon absolutely nailed it.
6 hours of sleep. Wanna go back to sleep!!!!!
Good advice!
But it is not uncommon for a spinster aunt to suffer from the latter as well.
Typical sidney crosby...attack when you have the upper hand cower when you don't.
Being with you > being with anyone else
Off to buy custom area rugs and art for my wonderful clients!!
Good game #49ers! Onto game #2. Time for Tebow to go home, but would love to be proven wrong again
Nice warm day! Enjoy it!
Stop your SUS, turn on auto-enable, delete all of your catalogs, and start SUS. Should re-download the catalogs, ensure all enabled
I haven't seen you in ages. Sometimes I find myself wondering where you are. For me you'll always be 18, And beautiful.<3
I had no doubt. I'm so proud of you.
There should always be wine backstage
never have I ever part 2?(: ha, I won't win as good this time <U+E403>
it's sad. I've been here for a couple days. Not running. I'm outta shape. Afraid to call cuz you'll make me run.
Can we get some #FF tags today? We will RT you!
I love being happy!! (:
I'll give it to you Marsh-mellow is a lot better than i thought.. Probably the best scorer in the league
Your totally welcome =]
Shelly Najor get on Twitter so I can @ you. We DO cover Tylenol crisis comm in Fundamentals of PR!
Wish & could be here tonight to celebrate for my birthday :( wahhh
i wasnt following you :s
Going out to breakfast, then out on the river.
Found out about Pirate Radio Chicago..cheers guys!
Work continues on the art book while looking for new commissions.
Hahahaha Mac, even cassidy agrees ! Just admit it
I love you Austin!Youre so talented and amazing I hope I could meet you one day (: <3 Oh and follow or RT maybe cause Y.O.L.O
Hey there Nice to meet you! Can definitely appreciate that you love horror, a screenwriter and an eternal bad-ass.
"In running, it doesn't matter whether you come in first, in the middle of the pack, or last. You can say 'I have finished.' There is a...
'you da one that I think about all day' _you da one (rihanna)
Thoughts after watching Facebook Timeline talk: I have been doing it wrong. Go to #UWSocial for tips on how to do it right.
I might take you up on your bad-cop skills : )
#ThankYouFriends for all you've done for me over the years.
You've got a deal! :)
Apartments for rent in Astoria Queens New York call today 917 7219181 Brian at Astoria Realty
Agree, but wait to you see Robert Griffin I next season...the bar will be reset
hahaha you will!! :D hiphop show earlier tonight... work the rest of the weekend here too -_- how was your friday night?
Grey's tonight!!!
Thanks for sharing the love!
Yep! Sure are! It was worth it through. Lol.
Always $.... I'd call up Aquatic Design Group and see if they were tracking the project. They are usually in the know.
Prisk: if I were flying suborbital, I would want to test all hardware and team in parabolic flight first
Did that really just happen?
AH!! THEY GOT ZOLA BACK!!!
globby is a babe.
"People are perfect twice in life, when born and when writing a resume. #HR ” #fact #Tchat via
. album is sounding sick, lovin it, especially that untitled track.
I didnt feel this way the entire time, what i shared was what i was just feeling at the time.
talk what you wanna it does not hurt me but it you Ha :)
Ah I crack myself up sometimes. aha
Farrell and Galifinakis - best bit of the night.
Anyone know how you become a #pedicab drive in #Austin? Obviously, not asking for me, but curious. Can't find much info online.
School . Home . Sleep
The quality of your product or service is a direct result of your relationship to your customers and employees.
Preparing for Earth Day and the Legendary Timmy Thomas's video appearance at BEA utiful Lake Eola 4/21 1:00pm
#SleepIsForTheWeak Draw on his face! Sharpie! =)
"I want to write like a movie, because my life is like that..." The Artificial Silk Girl by Irmgard Keun
No man should ever make eye contact with another man while eating a banana or lollipop...
JUNE FIRST. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
RT : Nice win for #OhioState baseball, picking up a 4-0 victory at 25th ranked Oklahoma State.
my last dr. appt. for the foot is thursday...if all goes well, ill be back may 28th thru mid-june :)
thought of you today b/c I had Jesus Christ Superstar CD in my car. Ben Vereen as Judas!
: That awkward moment when you're furious at someone & have a whole plan to tell them off, but once you see them you get s ...
One Republic, Secrets (after the movie deal)
Ditto!!! ": Meeting done. WOOT. Managed to stay awake. Huzzah."
SLA - "Service Level Agreement" ?!
Haha! Touche. Do you want to share my french toast? I have plenty.
Kenneth Thomas at tonight!! text 786.547.9433 for table service or guest list
Guess who's birthday is coming up?
I guess it's time to change my avi.
My client is a no-show grr.
In the mood to play some bball, or run some plays for tomorrow..
NUS UK has teamed up with their official partner GO TREK USA to offer students a chance to win a 7 day trip for two in the USA
Wishing President Obama a happy 50th birthday, what a guy :D
az long az dey keeps out of my bed den iz okay.
I jump in head first n I have hit the bottom yet thanks to my billo
Nah Im not. I just support the best. :)
not if you are making White Russians :)
Saw Nicole Henry live in concert at Bayfront Park, Miami Tonight-Wonderful!
Getting a text from that special someone right when you've felt like they forgot about you...
Bob releases a press release on pension reform, check local media
I'm finalizing my schedule now. Friday is looking open. I'll let you know today.
"i would get up but it still hurts from the knife you stuck in it"
Time to bed? Dreaming of creating my codes. :-D
Shut the fuck up bitch no one wants to know to here your fucking bitchy squeal from your fake boyfriend!
thank you so so so much- i was SO nervous and your tweet forced me to smile. I'll let you know how it goes! (still waiting!)
Some of my peepz had a meeting w capitol records. Dope dope dope
Haaaaaappppy Birthday !!!! Wishing u an amazingly successful, rockin year!!!!!
hey! thanks so much =) hope all is well with you!
enjoyed Tina Fey as Sarah Palin on SNL.
I subbed but I have to be honest. I love your vioce and I think you should take your music more seriously. You could be good.
cheeky monkey
pft, I could have told you that when were 6 years old
Q: Best Valentine's gift --- flowers, candy, jewelry or clothes?
Covering a coworker's shift tonight at George Mason.
where you gonna be at ?
Oh the places you'll go!
That Song Riot By 2 Chainz Is Hard !
are you baking naked wearing only a studded belt. Either you or Johnny is
I love to just zone out of the world and just be by myself with my music.
Hot redhead, wearing an Avs shirt, serving bacon at a beer event. I must marry her.
yes, the gallery walk rules... Especially that one!
'just take his larp weapons. He'll cry'
A cucumber is 96% water and 4% cucumber.
joke potential is alarmingly high for a death haha
Happy Winds-day!
The bed is so hard think I need a new one. Saw a great ad but probably bogus.
Same Day Appts #Salon & Full #Barber Home of the $75 #weave We stay Open so you can still look GOOD TONIGHT!
The Uni just arrived Boston where the guys at MIT will look it over tomorrow, and keep working on details to prepare for next outing.
Double OT thriller for
Borders who helped pioneer superstores filed for bankruptcy protection, sunk by crushing debt and sluggishness.
FYI, says you are supposed to buy me a beer. Just sayin. ;)
My last day of school is May 31st!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
1 over the 7. St Nicholas Abbey. Missed it by that much.
haha ghetto is the best way to get:)
Thanks so much to everyone who came to the Fundraising Reception to Re-Elect Senator Derek Kilmer yesterday. It was a fantastic event!
oh heck yeah. can't wait to see it.
I meant doggies
Do you mean Verhoeven's doing both simultaneously or just doing 1 and failing at other?
Thank you.
Do you know it's actually better to walk and not run in the rain. They say you get less wet.
That's wonderful, Monika. Haven't seen you in a while. So happy for your success!
To the world you might be one person, but to one person you might be the world!<3
Awesome!!! They should send him to the firing squad in Utah.
Call today w/ my pops re: the series we're creating. I appreciate his insight & being the wind beneath my wings.
so who from the peregrine crew will be at scaa?
I hate when people go on Maury talking about he got a little penis just like his daddy.....
Thanks for your support! We appreciate the RT!
OKC rectifies their theme after realizing Dallas wears blue on the road so they changed to white shirts instead of blue like game 1 lol.
I like cheese,i like cheese,i like cheese,i like cheese.... guess what i like? Cheese...lol
"Under President Bachmann you will see gasoline come down below $2 a gallon again," Bachmann told a crowd in S Carolina. "That will happen."
that's what no-MSG Better Than Bouillion is for.
We talked about ATP in class today. I thought of you :)
Thanks for the RT! Kinda neat tale, eh? I can only imagine how the reporter felt when he realized who was on the phone.
Dang, wanted to do Elsever's #mlanet12 luncheon but it ends at 2:30 and Section Program I'm moderating starts at 2:00
we should take it easy. oh we will both be sorry.
I have a wedding :(((( what about next weekend!?
Nope, I haven't read him before. The bio has a liberal dose of his writing though. Maybe I'll pick up Happy Days next.
Rough weekend on the runway. But it is a new week.. back to work tomorrow
In Here
Thanks a lot! It was a nice day.
“: Lol if a girl catch me when I'm drunk, I might just eat the pussy.” #niggauzafool!!
Hahaahahahahah, we just went to taco bell and the drive thru lady wouldnt stop cracking up...xD
That's never a bad thing! Glad to see you joining in on the #ypnchat conversation.
Tats all on my arm !
Aww! I was hoping he was giving love to Rose. I guess I can just imagine he's giving love to Rose, even if he's not!
i never know what to tweet in the morning.
Whoa total lack of ball handling by Nick Young.
Mess up & lose your spot! I Dare You!!!
Haha guys! Help Us trend #WeLoveYouAustin (:
I can respect that you've liked him since the beginning. Maybe I'm the minority.
I would offer to let you borrow mine, but...
What are YOUR plans for the #SuperBowl?
The trick, instead of a treat..
Hey its your boy Exile from Reverbnation coming throug.
Also, I'll be playing a solo set at the Griffin tonight at 9:30 PM. <3 Hoping to squeeze in a nap somewhere before then.
Good football week. Now time for baseball <U+26BE>
awl how cute is this!!!
get our site up and running
u rock we all love u here in new york ! i love ur song "baby" i cant wait till my world part 2 comes out !!! plezzz follow me
Can not wait till the beach trip :)
is working on this fine Saturday morning.
Indeed, it's not easy to duplicate greatness.
feeling unnecessarily sad right now.
My cat likes to sit on my hand while I'm using 'upright' mouse & he sees no irony in that. (note to self: take photo of same)
Great news we have just submitted a multi-platform app for Apple and Android! Stay on the lookout for more info.
Sunburn Myths Stripped Bare: Your favorite foundation has an SPF. So you can skip the sun sunblock, right? Wrong....
I have been doing it for three years, and by now I am used to the rhythm.
Glad I found my birth certificate I woulda been fucked for tomorrow !
No one ever said life was easy, but several people did say you were.
Imbibing an Astoria while I'm waiting for my Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, onions, shallots and baby spinach to blend in the cooker.
Oh dear, a very official-looking notice from "Amzaon.com" requesting my account info! I'd better click the link right away.
that's me every day of my life.. we're so popular..
I want riots!!!! Hahaha. Gotta have the reverse of Chinatown DC on election night 08.
#AmandaKnox #acquitted in #Italian court. Free to leave the country!!
The wind has allowed me to "share" my yard's leaves with the neighborhood.
#ILOVEMARYLOUISEPARKER #ILOVENANCYBOTWIN Seriously though how does that woman keep getting hotter?
Thanks for all the #Fun4th follows and retweet love - we're working hard to make it the best ever! Check it out www.funfourthfestival.org.
My coworker at the next desk is brewing lapsang souchang and has a desk fan running. The whole office smells of bacon.
Before I turned on my car and heard he was still looking for a winner!
I have a bad feeling. . .
#ces #kap2012 - Sony PS Vita has back & front conductive surfaces. Demo-ing game where touch on back raises "lumps" on screen to move a ball
Ah, sunshine and frosty adult beverages. I love life sometimes.
it was a good experience. Hella expensive though...but did learn a lot.
TY Clare, happy Saturday
but what are the ratings for McGehee/Green and A. Ramirez?
P90X is kicking my butt !!! Love it -- never felt so good. In it for life!!!
i thought that game Diablo 3 was a movie lol but it should b, so much action lol
Hi Thanks for following us :)
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they inspire me to explore!
I'm at work, yeah this sucks.
you don't talk about it!!!!
He's a Dr. like Dr. Dre is a Dr.
HILARIOUS RT : if you have more then 500 likes on an instagram picture then I'm hating on principle!
Yes, I well know, hence my comment prodding Richard to check it out.
hahahahaha! Omg we got it rough
we got out Prius V in November. Have taken a number of road trips & love it. 45 mpg and a decent amt of room for 3 of us + gear
Finally found a movie =) goodbye Twitter!
WHAT A SAVE
#Axiomity is an idea... it CAN become a Reality... with the help of the Citizens of the United States, We Can Influence Our Government..
why can't the world just have one big party? so many pictures and dancing ah i would so go! =)
haha, who knew my whining and complaining would get me somewhere! thanks!
I think I’m bringing some sweet baked goods to Chez HuffenCooper/ Bell Tower tonight, most likely cookies of some sort.
My bffl just left :/
I think that's what it's called lolol
got shut down tonight due to excessive posting... Hmm... It was a pretty big deal...
Great for you,and me is in 2 weeks!
MOD: We have 10 mins left in this interesting conversation about scheduling.
Design through making not just sketching
Psyched to have and on board too! Thanks for sharing the love on all things Glimpse!
there's an app for everything, doofus. and there's a c to 5k podcast or three, also. GET ON THE TRAIN!
Tweet us one thing you'd want to know about how to meet exceptional women near you.
Seeds tumble in Casablanca Second seed Alexandr Dolgopolov and fourth seed Denis Istomin both made early exits from the Hassan II Grand P
Soon as I get home... I'll make it up to u, baby I'll do what I gotta do
the French version looks so much funnier.
JUST TAPPED: NøgneØ Holy Smoke, De La Senne Taras Boulba, Great Divide Belgian Yeti, Lost Abbey Serpent Stout...Happy Wednesday.
He's back! Watch ur doors people he breaks 'em off hinges like the DEA...just sayin' : Détroit"
Sounds like the government wrote the script. Lol.
Great offseason so far for the
Advertisers! Get in on the action for our special Holiday Shopping edition! Email before Nov. 11
but all the guys at my school are 5 feet tall and douches.
:D ok i will be looking for you there
Laugh Until You Cry Cry Until You Laugh...
Yes! Love ALL2~think of #frontporch Gals as #hmcct Gals~we got CT name from :)
same avon Indiana haha
What up?? Headed to Florida, about to get it in!! Orlando here I come...
Too much <U+E047> all in one night #feeling shitty
Getting hungry
Performance tonight
#orphans8 Heather Heckman and Mark G Cooper presenting now on The Roman Vishniac Film Collection at MIRC
Pauly D should get punk'd. Or be the one punking someone. That would be hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
play hard and smart today!
When you are faced with stumbling blocks in life, keep a positive attitude & turn those blocks into stepping stones!
There is still time to stop by booth 43 to visit Interfolio and enter for a chance to win that awesome iPad 2!
I'm a bit upset Mike McKenzie wasn't pursued by the Lions. He got off the plane yesterday and rocked the field tonight against the Pats.
fine but they are amazing
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight....I'm waiting for, waiting for
Anybody wanna buy 2 prom tickets because I can't go cuz my knee and they won't give refunds
Yup Fab declared. Big spot in the middle waiting for you.
I so regret picking up hours today its a beautiful day I much rather be sitting on the beach
Tonite EMBERS, a jazz opera, based on the novel in poems of the same name by writer/poet/teacher Terry Wolverton.
The all-new JAGIMO! website is up! jagimo.com
When taking an Aftereffects class it might be worth having Aftereffects on your computer when the teacher assigns homework.
it's just us. We are playing an 8 song set.
Great article for parents unsure about study abroad! RT Study Abroad Tips for Parents fb.me/1kXPbIhCf
I couldn't make the luncheon too. First time in like 4-5yrs now.
Plz remember to keep your dog indoors today. It is way too hot for dogs outside. And give dem treats. And toys... and nom noms...
Katy Perry's homemade video to Call Me Maybe is adorable. She was pretending to play director. :')
Wonder if we could sell our services to the barometer-deprived?
Happy Valentines Day! Celebrate love today. Go and tell your friends and family that you love them.
RT : Because I have God in my life, I know that no matter what I go through, everything will turn out fine in the end.
Steely Dan is amazing but Steeleye Span is something else... check it out :)
I just cant get enough!:D
ive followed. Dm please?(: or follow too(:
Listeners, please submit your show topic suggestions for upcoming episodes. Hear Justin and Aaron battle it out on your topics!
Late lunch/ early dinner at the Corner Bakery. The trio salad dish is great!!!
What would a twitter news company be called? Twews?
Just had a man walk up to me and ask, "are you a golddigger?" Conferences are weird.
FIrst red card ever in women's #worldcupfinal. Wishing it were a penalty
I love America!! :)
All #ward5se candidates oppose doubling the Residential Parking Fee?!? I hope that's because at least some of them support quadrupling it!!!
See you there, Ami!
Dropping out doesnt sound to bad right now....
cara your sister was here, yes were related!!! :)
Thanks for the follow. How r u today
Down parka+hot bus=bad idea
I'm freezing :/
Ah, my mistake. I've never used an Android phone that wasn't rooted so I assumed you could do all the cool stuff sans root.
Is anyone integrating #Shazam with #MOG? We need an iPhone app that hears music and adds it to our MOG music library.
OUCH!! I gotta say though, it makes ya look tough! (also, I'm loving the side smirk!)
Agreed. That's why I respect the hell out of Jeter, even though I'm a Red Sox fan.
Seeing Rusko perform. Make sure to peep the video we did for his midwest tour with Steve Aoki!!
Thanks Josh!
Who dat playoffs
hope u are enjoying the Boulanger on the air now
lol. The back roads.
BOX O’ ART is on the move! Tonight Place 3225 8th Street, NE 6:30pm. Dancers, visual arts, music & more. Art that Moves indeed!
Refuse #mediocrity. Refuse #negativity. #Influence others to your way of thinking, not the other way around.
#Np Ashanti -rescue I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!
RT : #hoodmemories flipping over atvs in the nursery and mules
Fraud/Ethics Hotlines & the whistleblowers that might use them. One wonders if hotlines are truly "global friendly". Was ich meine? <U+5F97><U+5230><U+6211><U+7684><U+610F><U+601D>
absolutely.. I'll see you soon.. Appreciate you big fella
Thanks for spreading the word
Lol. Nah I'm cashing in some Groupons before they expire. I am def not built for cardio though.
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini...
You said drama queens. That made me chuckle.
yelp i just woke up so its gonna be a long night haha so time to jam out to some ac/dc and others and play battlefield 3
My mom just walked out of the bathroom with a can of mashed potatoes flakes.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> thank you kid
he was a beast too
BSR day!!! I think the last time I was up this early for a reason was Retreat.
There is nothing more boring than sitting in a laundromat waiting for sleeping bags to dry.
Anyone headed to or previously been to SXSW? I'm looking for tips before I leave for Interactive on Friday!
: I just had your tweets about blog comments pop up at the exact same time! Both posts were great reads.
Hey there. Many thanks for your follows:
I am getting REVkick soon so i can be a mobile pro! :)
Good God! I should watch TV more often! CNN with Chopra et al on achieving a "soulful capitalism"
#NAPFA, #FPA et. al. take note. Finovate has power stations at most tables & WiFi antennas strategically placed for 1,200 people
So excited for this next week! New house. Berfday. Fashion show. Woot woot.
Ya know my birthday is soon so like ya know wanna make my life and #followbackmaybe?
Had the time of my life this past week, amazing new memories (haiti, jamaica, caymen islands, cozumel) AGAIN please!!!
bet. Can you email me the details sir? (Location, event....ect)
Watching Bheemaa on TV. Indian movie on ppv is great: they even have a Vikram movie I haven't seen!
Auntie's wedding today !
Save some green this St. Patrick's Day with a sale at #Successories. 10% off all Teamwork themed products. Use promo code TEAM at checkout.
Thankful I found an ice pick for the groundhog.
thanks for recommending!
They ain't crazy they don't know how insanity feels
That's how I feel
Just heard your interview on the Mike Heller show in Madison, I'll be in the BC on SUnday. Keep it up playa
Annoying ass teens on bikes have overrun Cousin's. Now, ironically I reminisce being one of these annoying punks, just cruisin with my buds.
What did everyone do this weekend to keep up their fitness momentum!?
lmao that was freaking hilarious! :'D
Confession19: I love a girl that will give her all to me
True, Arsenal had similar tug of war with England over Wilshere.
Niggaz Grab your dicc if you love hip-hop Bitches Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
eek. Still not better?
We hope you had a good time in our town and our shared space!
Tell the refs you will keep the time on the shot clock with that sick timepiece you always rock :)
Wow... Just wow. That was perfect
It's free to be real! You can get much further in life being real! #be positive
Do you believe in freedom of speech?
You're not here next to me
I MISS You More !!!!!!! We Got To Hang ASAP !
pump your dad up to your college friends. I got a gift for you too. Miss & love you. Call you later.
no worries! i will be incredibly careful. i always knew i was meant to be in the circus when i used to hang upsidedown!
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. Burton Hills
#HappyHanukkah to all! Have a great holiday!
Website will be live by noon tomorrow!
Holy Shiz I retweeted like a million times. Wow I'm depressing
thats good and im fine thanks
My attitude is so fucked up that why I'm staying to myself today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Go go sausage and ham! Awww gracie is so cuutte
just dropping a hello to you.
Of course. Good luck!
Excited to have a class discussion tonight with , author of Great Society Subway, about the history of Metro.
who will watch the watchers is the concept i prescribe to.
lmao! That's different! I can do all this on here, but in person I usually make an ass of myself somehow.
You know it's bad when you're encouraging #Bachelorette to not devolve into female stereotype before she's even met the guys
“: RT": I ride around with that Nina.!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>" yeen gotta lie to us like dat”lmao
Just saw the dancing bicyclist. is that what u call him?
listening to radiohead creep
": wasn't Mars a part of the crew?" I'm Not sure, but now that u mentioned him that verse is stuck in my head
No sir, I believe you mean Andre 3000 looks like RG3.
Thx for the Follow! If u have any cute pics of your animals send them 2 us via a Tweet and we'll show them on our Website!
"We must build trust through scientific communities!
asdfghjkl thats my favorite app right now!
Great weekend. Hope my summer plays out just like this weekend did :)
What an awesome day here in SoCal
cloud how?
A new episode of the Two Plus Two PokerCast will be online after I get on the plane. How am I gonna sleep?
Wow! My computer is really slow today.... I have got to clean it out!
i fucking love this.
#090 you are pretty. you live in illinois and so do i. let's be best friends. lool
That's interesting! RT Sony tries to tweet 3 times a day and Facebook is most active on Sundays.
Love Vegas! You need to go to Cali once winter actually starts.crazy warm January. By far warmest Jan since I moved here.
All foods in moderation :) RT : Yes, it is, in moderation!
RT : RT : Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity. ~ George Carlin
I can't eat without TV.. lol
Just realized fully that summer had started for me on Friday...yes
I feel better now :) no more sore throat
can't wait to work on my Mapuche Shaman ink drawing this evening!
and I had a blast doing the work. You're a talented art director and a clear communicator, Mary!
Time to go on at Worlds for the end of Worlds 2012 show. Thanks to everyone who has made our ride and dream a reality...
Will be posting the schedule of as more details become available! #iacaucus #strawpolltravel So excited to sing!
true there's a lot of bad commercials starring annoying chicks. I don't know what it is lately.
ABNB credit union
hm, but I don't have a kindle -- my sony and my Nook won't be able to read your book :(
Hazard 64 Allen Central 6 -- FINAL
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." ~ Leonardo da Vinci
wanna go swimming? visit my background.
Who's your fave crew member?Tweet us name& location by 9am & we'll pick a tweet at random for you both to receive DD cards.
Ag Day at the capitol... Nomnomnom
Softball practice at 2pm!
Hell yes! You still in ?
..But if I affended you, Good! Cause i still dont give a fuck!
After years of pandering to the crowd, #rockstarteacher reinvents himself by dusting off some standards with a series of teaching icons.
sht same ole sht I been doing
starting to @ least. Get the keys today
Grand Prix? More like, Grand Pricks
Lots of great rib choices here at rib fest, and wine/beer for dessert!
Thank you!
Looks like another long night of work ahead of me,glad business is going so well, anyone need help marketing your website
Misses session. Is there a URL?
There A Prices to pay for everything
finding out the situation is the hard part, understanding it is another. -Graggbaby
A solid five hours of sitting for just under five minutes of running? Awesome.
yes thanks for the Birthday Message today. it means alot the spirit within me am and what is done through that spirit .thanks again F.W.
Where are all the trick or treaters? Not one yet.
I hope my behavior doesn't lead to my daughter's expulsion.
Thanks for the follow! Nice compilation site you have there!
yes i agree! ur cool as hell we should def hit up some parties and shit together!
See you boys tonight!
well share the love lol tweet me a plate wen u done haha
IT DOWN TONIGHT AM ON MY WAY TO THE HEAT GAME IN THE PARTY B US WITH SOME PEOPLE FROM THE BEACH HOPE TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
Happy birthday !!! Have a good one. Snap snap snap.
hahaha don't hit it and quit it! XD you KEEP hitting it okay ^-^ haha
thanks for the follow
i am so jealous you dont even know! take pix!
any baby news yet?
Your mustache is looking quite prominent today, good sir.
S/O to for being awesome. Good swimming girl, keep it up!
#MostOverratedMusicArtists restrain from being humble
Merry Christmas World !!
do you use underglaze w/clear glaze? Nice color!
A temporary reprieved has been granted a last minute effort for Troy Davis...
Mollala River Middle School evcauated for awhile. All is well no natural gas leak.
it's the meat sweats!
I need to get to bed too, but it's difficult to pull away from the computer screen. Good night.
Nooks and Kindles. And boy, do you need to hang on some mornings!
On the road to Inverness Florida ...listening to the Bucs playing the Cowboys
Thanks for the Follow and welcome to Twitter!
Goin to LA today... And justin decided to be in london haha
Downloading a white noise app was a great decision.
I turn 23 next january -_-
One day I'll learn how to be productive while long-running programs do their thing. I just can't help but watch the progress bar.
lol not when I think of August heat!
I think it's called Pantera Bread
I don't know what freaking language your speaking dude, but I don't understand it. I'm American, I 'habla' American. FUCK YOU!
Dear Stephen Curry: LETS GO!
you're there for vacation??
Megan Fox on Being Comedian for 'The Dictator': I Feel I Can Be Myself Again - AceShowbiz
I'm wearing a Nirvana shirt and I saw someone else at work wearing a Nirvana shirt so now we are best friends.
I think you are right.
How was everyone's weekend? Who attended #GON?
Back To The Future was mine!
I wish I was in Central Otago.. so many places we want to do a feature on for
if by listening you mean periodically throwing up in my mouth because of his repulsive "takes," then yes.
I do physical therapy like a boss ;)
lol ohh ya then what's 8x8 and don't use your phone....;3
#pumped tonight should be fun!
bullshit I get texts from you and daily randomly
Cant get enough of Rihannas song "where have you been"
there is a Record I'm hoping to purchase for a review, it's long out of print! What's your email addy so I can email you?
'Starships are meant to fly."
“: Newtons Law of blowjobs: "Boners go up, bitches go down."” Hahahahahahaaaa
I dunno why he cares.. keep giving him shit it's funnnyyyy<U+263A>
Sometimes I just want to be alone. Away from people and all the trouble they bring. Far away from drama, lies, and bullshit.
You guys should honestly go listen to Miley Cyrus's version of Bob Dylan's You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go. It's amazing.
Champions Against Bullying founder, Alex Penn, and LRF are jumping on the line with Bobby DeMuro on 1110 AM in a few minutes. Stay tuned!
American Pastorela opening this Friday. I play Jan Brewer, a mistress of the devil, a nativist protester, and part of the angelic choir.
Let's get down to business.
I'm horrified by what's been done to the Seuss Oeuvre. I'll stick to Pixar films, thenkyewverymuch.
Finally joined and started a recipe board. I could see myself breaking my diet really easily with this nifty site.
Hold on to the night....hold on to the memories... RT Hold us.
Just merk'd my comparative politics final
My job for the day is building wall lockers fml
RT : #followed #steelernation <~~~ now following back :)
Girls that brag about how many guys they fucked the last weekend<<<
It is a sad day for our criminal justice system.
ATTN Twitter Sweeps winners- We will be emailing you at the email address you provided us w/ to confirm prizing information! Congrats!
Want to meet up in Big D? I'm here, been checking out the festivities. Would love to share a cold one with my fav Pack writer.
Check out videos of Shunt'e!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my twitter for follow me maybe? 2
Ah, that terrifying moment when you test out all the code you have been writing for 5 hours.
the middle dog doesn't look too happy. lol XD
That's bigtime “: RT : Tony Dungy and Mike Bellotti are chatting on the sideline at practice.”
My #NewYears resolution is to be more patient, but I'm originally from #NY so good luck to me!
the only reason i went grocery shoping was to buy the magazine YOU'RE IN <3
hi buddy! miss you!! let's hang out next week for sure!
What should be my next automobile?
Beautiful work!!
is there a particular beer style you like or would you like to sample my collection before choosing what to brew?
lonely puppy blues by
I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast, But I brought some hummas for those mini toast!
Watching last nights #criminalminds that directed :]. Just 10 mins into it & I <3 it. Kyle Gallner & Robert Englund!
Oh my goodness, Ryan.
It's funny how things change when "feelings" get involved.....don't allow your emotions to control you
In the morning coffee is my best friend.
Clifford that Semillon sounds great! What a fantastic grape variety.
What are your feelings about world hunger?
Lol no sorry, I was attempting to be 21 again.
I love the smell of Lilacs in the morning!!
I LOVE that song! Have you heard the NPR breakdown of it? I'll try to find the link. Made me love it even more.
I like the smell of coffee in the morning!
Likewise, dudes. Thank Spencer for the primer on the black sheep embouchure!
Getting ready for the special concert in Danville tonight.
yahoo! sports headline: "NBA talks break down over money"
Stay tuned.... we'll be posting a few videos taken by our "Flip-Videographers" during #VAM2012!
Good thing I don't have to anymore
Family Is Everything!
I actually really like the life-coaching aspect of teaching. I really do.
Im ganna get a tattoo but i dont know what to get, any ideas???????
You need a lot more than jack3d
love your app <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Missing my little man Bentley.
just promise no jack love on your Johnson
- terrible game. It hurts to watch
Why not a PO box?
Heard there was a hundred tweet rule.
#freewebsite has interesting offer. #NADA2012 should listen to this deal.
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford
Oh now i understand well If he takes his shirt I dunno.
Nicked my face shaving.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end
He should be awarded a posthumous Congressional Nobel Honor Prize Medal
What did she say?
James Murdoch is sadly unsurprising: New York City rent case released on revenue tops $1 billion
Any Easter plans? Haha hope ya get some rest. :) I should too or workout lots. I can write letters, no electronics for 13 wks
thanks so much for your tweet, justin!
This has been exhausting. Day two of a 16-page paper. Thank goodness it's our last production of the semester.
Just exploded a cherry coke 2 liter on mels toms shoes... epic explosion sad outcome....
RT : I'm looking for funny examples of culture shock while traveling abroad. Share and I'll link to your Twitter account
Nice, looks like you are having a great time!!!!
I got my math class to listen to misletoe (: cant wait to see you on the today show!
#IUsedToWonder what happened to the world after third impact
Great weekend chilling with , , , , and !
hay just went shopping and had a milk shake from stakin shake
And front handspring <U+E057>
Its, over vashia . Stop trynna re glue them glasses . We need to go to the gym
Pride attracts the girl. Courage approaches the girl. Wisdom gets the girl. Strength puts up with the girl, but loyalty keeps the girl.
Thank you Lord for protecting Please continue to protect, guide, and #bless him. Watch over all the Jonas family and fans.
Why the fuck this bitch care if I have a dress on or not !!! Bitch don't hate on my legs because yours are full of cellulite !!
We went to the address where Charlie Parker was born and lived as a child yesterday in KC, K. Is the house that stands there actually it?
a similar presentation can be found at www.saperlaw.com
Check out one of coolest dating sites every!!! . Great to see you u guys at the Shecky’s Girls Night Out Event last night.
I spend more time bewildered at wtf they just did than I do studying
Opening a (most recent) Mac Mini to install RAM is extraordinarily cool. Baby, this is hardware.
wow that was really awkward...cuz you even said this is you...o...but that's my life. I'm such a creep.
No, I somehow missed the comic. I'll check it out. Must be the 30 years it's been playin' in our heads:-)
Can't Sleep -___-
same way they defended Curry/Ellis in Oakland. How did they do together?
Last year 200 million non-subscriber attempts to access JSTOR from Google searches compare to 500mill subscriber uses
them under blankets
Many new websites currently in development and more starting every week.
yeah come to third floor...
Food food food food food
B2B Networking in Houston.
Is there a stat on goal tends? I'd bet money JaVale McGee leads the league.
Hah I like how I stoped using this account.. Gotta come on this one more......
(I almost typed "old fiend" instead of "old friend")
If it's flavored strawberry, I will eat it
IN THAT CERTAIN BAND BROKE HEART, AND IT'S LIKE I'M WALKING ON BROKEN GLASS.
your offending me by saying that >:(
Thank you for attending. Merry Christmas!
uh huh better call in sick or somethin lol.
Despite Pietrus winning last night's "Tommy Award", refuses to give me props for calling my shot last night.
March at 930pm please join us we are stronger together!
Open access solution would move copyrighted materials into the public domain at an accelerated rate. Free the hostages!
Looking forward to presenting my report at the CELA conference in LA tomorrow.
Pompa: evidence shows that states choose to spend their money in other ways.
when June 21st rolls around, make sure you put on your calendar. cause + will be there!
How does one get rid of the nasty pics on here tweet?
": prayers and hugs to you...."Thank you so much Love <U+2665>
cats > boys
I'm glad Italians think lasagna is a starter course and have like 3 more courses after that, because I was thinking the same thing
Work at 2. Ugh
Hey me, You should just get over it and buy a Nikon Coolpix P7100. xoxo -You
what's good
Finally NCAA championship!!! Kentucky #1 VS. Kansas
what are the two birds, Bell drops out of the league and the Blazers get another GM to fire?
addai has a bye next week
Come visit the LaSalle Branch on April 4th at 4pm for Got a Clue? Clue, and other board games will be available. Don't miss out on the fun!
So is Bob Costas the new Andy Rooney?
I'm watching the #iowadebate with my mom and dad.
'people starting to come apart...” - shirley jackson, the lottery
My brother's colone is killing me x_x cant think straight
So many aluminum cans. They should be box shaped for easier travel. Or I should just lay off the caffeine.
shweeet. I'm taking your word for that. Totally expecting Nonna's the next I see you guys.
Why do I do the things I do
Double-header tomorrow.
That would be me..
damn, I love the ICONic Boyz but ya'll are taking it too far, calm yo titties.
oh man, I could justify that if it was a man's shirt or something....
Follow us on twitter for cuban lunch specials in New York city.
Just found out that has been looking at auditions for N.B.T.for months. Feeling so lucky to even get seen this late.Thx NBT
lol, straight up.
hey! We haven't talked FOREVER!
Skr8 like daaaat RT": I wanna get slapped on my ass"
"What's the difference between a sigh, a car and a monkey? A sigh is oh, dear. A car is too dear. A monkey is you, dear."
RT At Serpentine Lido on a gorgeous London summer's day. Only slightly spoilt by "eccentric" oldies sporting thongs.
Cooking and tweeting? How possible?
I am there Mr Nupe
If I'm doing the work, I don't understand why I can't listen to music.
LOOKING TO RAISE 200K FOR A USA PERIOD FEATURE..For details email us at
we are the American people. The current administration has exploited, and divided use like no other. Only way he can win. ,)
and you inspire us. keep up the good work!
Anyone have a discount code for the 2nd Annual Brewfest on Oct. 8th?
Who is the one leader you would place on your personal Mount Rushmore of Leaders?
some time during the summer...
we do have a ton of adorable baby trues @ JT Kids Canal Place!
i know your right....cant argue cause i pay for directv.
read it for susan choi's class. she has really great taste
I need to listen to a tuesday morning trio except not on tuesday or in the morning
*Look at old picture of yourself.* Ew, did I REALLY look like that?
I'm packing my shit and moving in for a week lol
Don’t waste your tears crying over someone who doesn’t even deserve to see you smile.
M peanut butter. Over here they've just come up w/peanut-butter Cheerios!
This natural scrolling is kind of annoying me but does make sense...
You too Zerran. Thank you <3
US buying helos from Russia=we give away to Afghanistan opium capital of the world. Evil and undeniable symmetry to the insanity...
#osumath #testing E
Right? Working on a certain slime-free artist bio to wash away the memory.
Hope you think that Johnny Wright and YOBI.tv should sign me!
I'm stoked on the new session
south beach. whoop. whoop.
Any time! Hope all is well ;D
I'm going to go crazy this summer!!! No regrets!
LMFAO RT: Sandra Bullock is allergic to horses!"
The more I read about nutrition, the less I know.
Listening to your parents opinion is like talking to a rock, it has no personality
Carroll. good short stories. 10 min limit, visual, memorable stories of how evolution works. Use to remediate public opinion
My coffee so freaking chubby!! Its so cute!!
i'm not sure why anyone follows me on here.....i hardly ever do anything and when i do its just to harass band members
A couple loglines from my 7th graders' awesome novel projects: 1. 15 y.o. Jackie uses a fake i.d. to buy lottery tickets. Then she wins...
If you post anything about selling #twitter Followers I will #UNFOLLOW you very quickly.
my heart is yours if you can take care of it
California Symphony brings ambitious program to Livermore, Walnut Creek - San Jose Mercury News
so when do you start in Indy? We have yr desk waiting, big guy.
Let's do something.... FUN :|
“: wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil? Never Mind, it's pointless”...reminds me of last night
bring over my games nigggaaaa, & skate 3!
has Thursday off, then USA vs Czech Republic in Linz/Pasching on Friday at 4:45 AM CST faustball2011.com/en
Hate to be leaving before #Fulbrightenrichment general election. Good luck to all candidates! keep me posted.
I love you Jesus ! :D RT ": Today was awesome! Even had a good talk with !:D"
Just saw the 'Put Your Hearts Up' Music Video, looks flawless.
can I get 10 of my selenators to follow ? :) Thanks!
RT:“ life is shorter than u think lol get money $$$$$$$$$$$”
have your website updated...
Be careful! You get constipated from the iron supplement
Ha just basically woke up dang its late ha
Congrats guys! You're building up an awesome iOS team.
Lol too cute. RT Daddy just said this girl got her hair in a "roll tide" lmao. The way men explain things!
Congratulations on the hiring of Jim Heaney as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Why is there so much violence in this world, or in Indiana?? There is always something crazy on the news.
Cheers all!
Gopher football axe-less since 2003 and only twice since 1994? seems appropriate to me....
Are you ready to make the change? Now is the time to do it you douche
If you are truly a one directioner you will RT this #Bring1DtoHawaii !!! Think about it more shirtless pics, and surfing pics !!!! <3 <3
no.I'm in Dallas right now and I love it.
Same reason girls refer to guys as : Niggas , dogs , pimps , etc.
That works for me. Let me know when you want to get started.
hahaha I love making people so pissed off at me they get a technical :)
oomf is a slut.
LeChoke James you suck...
Watching Dear John for the first time ever on FX[:<3
Still watching weekend storm for immed. area. At this point, looking like bulk of storm, and snow, will slip just south. Changes still poss.
Yay! Are you working it, or attending? It's at your library, right?
oh me so hungry.
#that1friend who wants to fight over every little disagreement...
Putting together our first mapset of Tryon Park, we would also like to get some photos, if you have some PLEASE let us know.
All thanks to you! :D
I will be there!
could be tomorrow if I don't qualify or friday if I do qualify. but Friday will definitely be my last day.
Planting a garden this year as a peace offering to the neighborhood majority. Cant think of anything the stray cats would like more.
Porketta and dumplings with Port pan gravy.
started fowler's dsl book this morning, thought "nice to be doing some light reading" and realized my definition of 'fun' may have shifted
Brie you haven't updated in a good 15 mins i can't handle this
Most Zipcars will fit your bicycle with the rear seats folded down.
He will def have the title as the most clutch player
I like what you have to say! I saw your tweet on prayer--I recommend conversational prayer if you're in a group. :)
love being invisible to people.
pay that man Ramone for laying that tile!
nah, do it. Lmfaoooo!
I favorited that one in my mind.
Bright colored jeans are a great way to light up your holidays. Which color (besides denim) would/are you sporting this winter?
I am reading the first chapter of your book...HILARIOUS!! Where can I purchase a copy? I love it and I know my kids will too!
Avery Bradley has returned to #Celtics bench.
haha she wont be there(:
surprised about , though. On the replay, his shots looked totally effortless with pro form.
Nothing in life is 'easy', all the things worth having are the things you have to fight for.
People who wait more than an hour to reply to a text with “lol” should be shooted
Ed Ricketts: “Another big octopus. I’ve often wondered if octopi ever bite. Today I found out. Yes, they do, they certainly do.”
And now trying to write checks to pay the bills, after alcohol & already being way too tired, maybe not the ~brightest~ idea :)
thanks! Can't wait to serotonin in color.
You should have shown the clip where The Million Dollar Man bought the WWF championship from Andre the Giant.
alrighty then, but apparently someonw was givingyou crap tonight too?
I want to be your one and only, not your one when you're lonely.
I love you. You're beautiful. Smile because you deserve too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
sound good
Gotta send some emails tomorrow.
I don’t mind getting older but aging really sucks!
Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything. All it does is taint your mind and steals your joy.
Six flags was so much fun. Seriously I loved it.
Where can one get Mad Max accessories for a Scout?
lol oh well do that thenn I'm gonna just finish the project tomorrowww -.-?
Time for
as long as you workout, it's just fine ;))
Oh the Life of a Girl with a big schedule. Hopefully i make it through the week no problem!
No words.
someone text me or somethin' . I feel as if my heart has been ripped out stomped on and put back in .
Nice! I'll be by later with some colleagues!
#easterfoodcoma I need to buy bigger pants after today.
I have strong mind with a kind heart and a soft kiss but I love hard.
So, you know I have no idea wth you are referring to. I ran across it while looking up something. Explain?
Abt to take a nap
Yes! RT : Want to make a deal at #RECon12? Use the hashtag #REConDeal & will help spread the word!
Taylor and Ashley just called, might go to Tristian's later!
Does your library carry "Shades of Grey?"
If you don’t know yourself, you can be swayed by what others think you should be, think, and do.
JCPenny After School Program research concluded that 1 in 4 children are left alone. Please visit www.jcpennyafterschool.org for findings.
I left my girl back hooomee....
yeah but ur my dream girl. Bye email me please on b-day
Applications for the 2011 market are coming soon
I see im not part of the posse anymore! t(-.-)t
Thanks for the retweet!
oh. The AP said he to do 8 off something else.
- oh good! A little alky-hol makes everything that much more fun :)
When the Holy Spirit has His way-people get healed inside and out!
Grace Costantino showing amazing work and achivevements as #BHLib Program Manager at IV Institutional Council Meeting!
Please note that ICDS will be closed on Monday, August 15th to celebrate Mothers' Day here in Costa Rica. Muchas gracias, madres!
want to come outside? im busy.
Ooh, how do you like the Cork Factory? I visited folks there a few times and thought it was styling'.
Bout to order all those P4CM Lyrical Lounge DVDs...I dont even like poetry, but they're too nice
bet ur ass it will!!!
Rudy Giuliani Gives 4 Tips for Crisis Management - Administration ...
you know when some one you like unfollows you and your like "hey, what'd I say?" Yeah, that just happened. Fuck it. DOG SHIT TACO!!!!
you & Riki did gr8!!! I loved UR dance a job well dun :)
m I thought so lol whatr you doing?
Follow back
After playing Agricola for the first time this weekend, I believe it is now officially my new all time favorite game. Love it!
We heard about the film site that you're launching. We're based in Houston too. We'd love to chat with you. DM us.
An hour and a half later and still in line for the iphone.
of course! CAN'T WAIT to be there on 1/28!! (Did you know my b-day is Weds? This bash is going to be the BEST PRESENT EVER.)
RT : When improving marketing effectiveness, resist temptation to simply add to top of funnel. Optimize from bottom up.
So done with everything. Goodnight.
"Never slouch, always stand up straight!" Best advice I've ever been given. #teamtallgirls #teamtall #teamtallladies Happy Saturday! :)
Cleaning my car and listening to dubstep
Americans: I will see your Mardi Gras and raise you a Pancake Day.
What do you think of the book “Blue Ocean Strategy?”
“: It's amazing how a person who was once just a stranger, can suddenly mean the world to you.”
I'm following you now.
Attention, photographers! If you've emailed a submission & received a "mailbox full" error message, disregard it. We DID receive your email!
Next best thing to MJ performing live in Minne!
Why are you always waiting? Tomorrow isn't guaranteed
congrats on the sale!
they must have a good clearance sale or something, I would have been one of the crazies standing in line
watchn my boiz play madden man shi gets crazy
21 Jump Street was pretty damn funny, Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum are a great duo
Gone fishin' and wishing you all the best for a fantastic weekend.
RAIN PREDICTED 70% chance, c'mon Summer, we can't wait for ya! Mayeb next week for the
These eyes, they see more than you know.
i think i should text cause she told me to earlier and i just remembered :)
good morning or good afternoon (depending on which side of globe you're on) how are you?! :)
nest? Have mine, just haven't installed yet. Lmk your impressions!
Just had a great meeting with Don't forget 2 watch the show tmrw at 11:30am w/ the fabulous hosts & Patrick!
Who the fuck are you!? Well sorry for your luck it's #unfollowfriday bitch! Thanks to for reminding me!
going for a hundo tonight, 23pts of Heats in the 1st qtr
that just ain't right haha
RT : visit the home of the next century of exceptional #innovation. It's called the American Heartland. And its found in Indiana.
Wow I have 666 new tweets.. Crepe
For the guy that looking at his watch. the time is now
How about not doing the things that you'd to take back.
Pass rushers galore Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Sean Porter, Barkevious Mingo, and the elite Jarvis Jones..
Can't make it to the store? Then visit our retail website at www.ilivecute.com!!!
Make tooth brushing a pleasant experience for your pet.
UPDATE 1-Buffett tries to assure on health, mulled megadeal
Haha hey I would do the same thing too! White Eskimo was awesome! But obviously I love One Direction too ;)
SO JEALOUS. providence is the best little college town in the world!!
congratulations Mike!
Either of you coming to the game?
is again, bragging about biking to work at 3:30 am.
Oh of course.. Fallout Boy is a great!~
#thatawkwardmoment when you get partnered with your ex
yayyyyyyy, what happen..... Thats a good thing right
Bill Adair says this will be the most fact-checked election in history "and that's a good thing"
Sorry, no salsa at the Monaco tonight. See you tomorrow at Madrigall.
Cookout with the family!
' Dnt feel so bad now . .. Coleman up too lol
So not a Berken fan. RT : So Hunter down, Berken up. Exposito still active for now. Pomeranz on hold
aww that sucks but im glad to here your doin better
CDL drivers reaching for an object, such as a cell phone, are 3 times more likely to be involved in a crash or other safety-critical event.
so fucking poor.
Ha. Meme potential here, though. SCUMBAG ORLANDO FAN: gets free drinks all night, tries to fight person footing the bill.
There are always haters. Comes with the territory. ;)
Why won't Newt just go away?
is about to kill some bitch ass niggas. (;
I need a new digital camera :-(
hey have you talked to our "sperm donner" ????
Thanks, Bryn! Sorry we didn't connect at #ascd12. Hope it was a good conference for you.
I dont want her to hurt over this =[
Please tell me non-hockey fans on STL sports talk are forcing the revenge for Pujols to LA storyline for this Kings/Blues series.
I luv summer but the only thing I hate is that i get allergies my eyes itch, they turn red and makes it look like i've been smoking! -___-
sorry 4 being hard on u brother but I hold u too high standards cuz I know what your capeable of that wasn't u last nite!
lol that sucks! Hope you get better soon!
how bout sun valley front 9
Ugh, fuck high school and all it's stupid shit.
come to Roanoke!!
I'm on my 3rd smoothie today in this 80's temperature, 2 Mango Pineapple smoothie from McD's earlier 1 from Panaera. Will b up tonight SMH!
“: u speak portuguese?! That's awesome! #jealous” I don't, but I do know enough Spanish&French to get her drift.
It is 2pm and there are still uneaten donuts left from 9:30am meeting. Did hell freeze over while I wasn't paying attention?
Hey yall..I hope everyone has been well and blessed!:)
Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.
omg I have to pee so bad but my room mates in the shower HALP
I can barely drive the G5 on King Drive it's like a brink truck they know theres money inside.
SHdc will be launching at the end of this month. Your poker source for all things poker!
so true!
Women tend to be more open to sharing and engaging in conversation. Also SM/blogging gives a voice to everyone.
pppssh yeah right.
Too intelligent for our country.Lock'em up, scar them w a felony & tell them get a good job & don't come back
I try joking around with this kid and he's always in a bad mod and nowhes just annoying me.
S/O whats good ! Thanks for that support!
Gotta move me before sunrise!!
Im bouta step ma weight up big time $$$$$$$$$$
what's with the butterfly ... need a plant
All of my amazing management team is like a family. Marcus, Seth, Tyler are like my older brothers! Jon is definitely the dad(: gottaluvthm
#CBSBigBrother This season has been horrible.
Number of glasses of grape juice Bradley has to down in the first five minutes of FOLK HERO? 8.
There's a reason I put the jar of jellybeans on the other side of my office...
So the Rams plan on checking in on Janoris Jenkins daily? If you have to do this, is this player really worth your time?
You know you called me late and we were on phone for a couple hours. You were asking me for 'Song of the moment' advice.
Why thank you Makenzie
science and history i just wanna take a nap..
thanks alex!! <3
carmel or mocha..?
thoroughly enjoyed playing the Convert in the science fiction themed independent film The Trisket. Carlos Ruiz directed the film.
New to this y'all follow me:-)
IF YOU SEXY AND U KNOW IT ****RETWEET****
thank you very much, we appreciate the warm welcome!
We were so honored to have you! What an amazing day!
having a scary movie maraton :) first: funny games, then possibly jeepers creepers.. any other suggestions? :)
Don't take too many detours on the road to your dreams...not everything that sounds like a good idea, is a good idea
Getting ready to workout. Feels good to back on a program that doesn't consist primarily of sitting on my ass.
Is DC ob some heightened dickery tonight?! These incompetent drivers have effectively turned my cart into a curse mobile
what is your favorite song to perform?
lol what can I do to convince you to do it
Huntsman: When I visited Afghanistan as Utah governor, I was reminded of the price of war
Misstep #1 flight from Austin delayed 2 - 4 hours. Flight to Barcelona moved back. Looks like we might sleep in the Newark airport.
Great meeting you today! Hope you're liking GSA!
Our thoughts and prayers are with our friends from Chile.
Phoenix Highschool. We went to see some of her kids play football at other schools like south vs north. I wish they had teams.
How did people develop Narcissistic personality disorder before Facebook?
Middle School is out of the building on an Enhancement Day trip. An afternoon movie in St. John's is a welcome treat for our kiddos!
#vaustek For expert server/website management : lithium networks
might do a little sailing next week
sounds like a line-up!
just did
WTF? Why am i seeing pics of kendall and logan saying their dating?!
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
yeah it was just a vaca. We stayed in Waikiki, but went to the North Shore and the Big Island
Homework was created by Satan
Cool concept! happy to connect!
I really don't think he'll be stealing 3rd in this situation, Robin.
Vill dominated the whole game man. no magic moment for the bruins.
im qonna wear the live free shirt on the first day of skool unless ur wearinq it. Do u mind if i wear it on that day??
and it's homemade granola. has a secret recipe.
your most - made my day. <3 hhaa. "we arent friends! That just made my year!"- Andrew . Hhaa ! love you girll. <3
If clouds by nature vanish, then wouldn't it be bad that we call data storage by that name?
tey say we walk just alike, talk just alike, same damn swagger when we roc up on the mic (:
Can you and George Will transcend politics to help my Royals?
thanks for the follow! Go
Hello there! May I get a follow? :-D
That awkward moment when Michael Jackson has a twitter and he's dead...........
Submit your art to us to sell for you at:
Great preso by Simon Buckinham Shum from OpenU. Let's use learner analytics to give learners (us) a mirror. Into possibility too?
830 cause Davis blocks the 840 signal!
Sex and the city <3
Bacon turned out fantastic, 2nd batch is on now. Pulled pork is almost done too! Contact us today to get your Re-heat and eat bbq.
I went with the girls of course!
Really? I should probably try it next time I'm by there. Did they have slices ready to go, or did you order ahead?
when fell out of her chair when i was threatened to get a detention
#Happy #Thanksgiving to all our friends with love from #Endurapet!
Thanks for the kind words.
hey,had fun last St. pattys on the old tour bus!Really think u will like this Cali band great fiddlin.cheers!
Why get married and make one man miserable when I can stay single and make thousands miserable? - Carrie Snow
It can be frustrating when it comes to touring, but a novelist would need to commit a major crime to get TV coverage. (Not so w/nonfiction.)
I'll delegate it out to my team so we can do it in parallel. ETA is EOD
The Council on State Taxation is holding a workshop in ATX this week. Learn more about multistate tax issues.
Eddie Edwards submits J.D. Maverick with the Achilles Lock.
He got confidence but its all part of a game
Stop by and check out a new exhibit of Confederate currency in the special collections reading room.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ---Michael Jordan
Happy Sunday tweeters, today is a good day to relax and read a good book in bed
Planning on accomplishing a lot tonight...so no more distractions...
Pleaes follow me back <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
cool....in the Dirty South location.....congrats on Fatherhood too Team!!
#twitter is the bathroom wall of today's society
One can't be a real Washingtonian without going to Pusboys & Boets (i'm there for the first time now, and feeling real indeed).
Mel Lewinter reunites with Doug Morris, joining Sony Music Entertainment as Executive VP Label Strategy. Details in RAMP. Now, a coffee run.
listening to speak is so refreshing. A CEO totally in touch with both his brand and also what customers want.
"When Alexander Graham Bell first marketed the telephone, he recommended saying "Ahoy" to begin a phone call."
This game is nuts.
oh.. Don't know. Just have tix 4 2nite but if plans change we'll make sure to say Hi
People hate the one and done rule but in reality what team would want to play this UK team again next year
Natural Gas Producer ETF on 7-Day Winning Streak
Photos and Interview, Nemesys headlined Localpalooza 2010 @ Civic Center Park coming soon!
We see you looking as you drive past..we know you wanna stop in & meet Lisa Ann..SO DO IT!! Ha ha Brass Monkey Milwaukee Stop on In!!
Be everywhere, do everything
Where would I be if I didn't have God in my life? Smh I would def be completely lost in this corrupted world follow me
Step up your game DayQuil
wishing you a great new year Tommy! sj
#GrandpaFred Where did that Preacher over there go? Wonder what I would do with that ramp over there. What are we learning over there Becky?
Thanks friends for the support
Today is National Joe Day! If your name is any form of Joe, come to & & get a free cup of JOE!
I have also written on heterosexual myth models of the Atlantic World (Krotoa, Malinche, Pocahontas) which silence rape
Modular & flexible spaces= Learning Commons
When the smoke detector goes off, it's time to flip the grilled cheese sandwich.
not that I really care...but it's for a project I'm working on where stats actually matter... fun
Messi makes it look too easy. Nicely played, Barca.
Contradiction and hypocrisy are two things the world could do with out - if your gonna talk the talk learn to walk the walk <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
ugh, screw you my mom is coming in with me so yeah this sucks
That reminds me of how me, , and pretty much the whole class didn't do that last project.Mrs. Morton was heartbroken lol smh
right we didn't wanna get caught!
you won't be disappointed.
½ price martinis every Tuesday. Now there’s no excuse. Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar, 1120 N. High St., Columbus
i go back to skool august 23
Best of luck to Occupy Oakland. Based on the last 24 hours in Portland, don't forget the second shift!
Ahh, nothing like spending the afternoon learning AtTask. I miss Jira!
You're kinda like my therapy.
absolutely! wat do u all do? we help the mentally disabled
Best show on tv
You'd think Gladys would have gotten a purse company endorsement by now.
#ihavenever smoked ANYTHING. EVER.
Same here
HELP! I need some more followers, I am at 666 followers, show me some #Jesus love and help me out of this!
Bro. I did.:D
Catholic Worker in New Orleans will be attending the March to the Marriott, Aug 5!
A5: Make the travel plans simple to avoid confusion from the caree and to minimize stress for the caregiver.
sending you a dm right now, would love to meet and discuss!
I get a poor connection when I'm downstairs on the far side of the house. Do I need 2 wireless routers or should I get an updated one?
Boathouse all-stars in Duluth, Ia tomorrow!
About to go smoke a Blondie...YOLO
Send your question in an email to so you are not restricted to 140 characters.
yes well.. i'm a vampire now.
okay cool that's what up
Thx for the follow, MK. We found you in March when we looked for Creatives who would appreciate hearing our incredible speaker...
It's a little hard to the write with the husband blaring "Blue States."
So do something
Chi-town Heat, here comes the stuff!
Im going to drown out my sorrows in food and minecraft.
i was just thinkn bout yall but im bout to start rubbing it.. im eatting mhe tacos... yyyuuummmm
No word on replacement yet. Meanwhile the tour is still moving. Just us & in charlotte NC tonite. We promise to rock 2x as hard
make the best of this last semester!! im def gunna try and get up there atleast once.
Now on twitter! Loving mda class!
it is 68 degrees outside! this is CRAZY...yesterday there was snow on the ground.
RIP MCA! Sad day in the world of music!
I really need to finish reading 1984 .-.
Wish you still came to TLA!
Only 6 hours a way and me and and going to miss and the rest of bvb sad :'(
you lucky bastardo. I haven't seen any Bresson on the big screen
Foundation #5 Standard.
proud to be at the first post #dadt repeal national dinner
Oh I passed the major test! Woo! Hahaha,im sick though. I can't go to my college :(
So Hungry
Thank you!
Red Hot Chilli Peppers, what how about an ice cold Kick Ass beer after that? Come by Hard Rock on Beale and try one for yourself!
Eeeew. Thumbs. Unanimous decision: "TOO WEIRD."
you about to hit the 30 no twit mark........ Your trophy is being made
I am attending the CDF-Instructor course at Long Beach, New York.
Happy Easter x
Jealous My tour of Fermilab is going to rock harder than schist, baby.
More James Bond? I'm ashamed of myself!
Thx! I would've hated to miss these nicely detailed renditions of panels I didn't see. Sometimes 140 characters is not enough!
good and you ?
I wonder what % of people who RT articles actually read the articles first. I have seen some particularily lame ones recently.
:):) It was hard to leave! The studio is amazing!
I'm going to be crying all day .. I didn't expect to but I cried when my twin left!!
Watching Paul Allen get off his private jet in Portland to go to the Blazers game.
YOU BETTER CALL MAURY! DAT BABY DONT LOOK LIKE ME!!!!!
she left Eli!!!!!!!!!???? He was getting a little possessive.... I would of broke up with him a long time ago... Maybe..
OMG!! new video on YouTube soon!! Watch itt SOON! ==> watch.AustinMahone.com [:
No worries...just delivering mail...
can u please follow me
i would nurse him back to health.
1st grade teacher just gave me a gift card and note saying I'm "the most talented, hardworking and professional music teacher" ever.
Time to kill.
that is so sweet
getting ready to go to work.
3: THANK YOU FOR THE BUYING THOUGH! Poop, you think you can mail the money.. Sorry, I am having problems with parents ):
#3and0 Glad #12 is the starting quarterback on my fantasy team!
Search terms that brought people to my site: social decay; unsanctioned violence definition; when to come clean about a lie to a professor.
No, didn't notice. Oops. I should listen closer. It was his call Wright's hit that grabbed my strongest attention.
Really enjoyed your #DataNewOil #sxsw panel yesterday Thanks for the wealth of information. Great points made!
(or at least affiliations)
I really want to live somewhere with car2go and sexy lifestyle :-P
Going with Pac Man in this one.
Tempted to shave so as not to be confused with a large cat while staying within walking distance of Xenia, OH -JO
...snow in march??! when will this be over???!
I miss VSU campus a little bit.
We are total twins then! Lol
GREAT DAY OUTSIDE cant wait to work out hope every one is good
waitress spills ice tea trsy at Times Square restaurant we get wet but get free NYC lunch
Is 8:30 a good time for a giveaway? Let us know.
Conversational brainbomb lobbed at me during last night's dinner with : "Dagmar Krause showed me how to use a duvet cover."
sounds like we need to plan a lunch again with the ole' CU gang :-)
RT if you love Liam Payne (Follow me, I'll follow you back)
If u are at the draft stop fucking tweeting....damn u ruin everyting lol
My mind says , but my heart says Victor's.
yes I agree! Fan votes saved Donald. Gotta keep those up next week!
#STEMmerday is about to start!
Scored a new company ride today- a Ford Edge. Way excited! Now it's time for window ad/decal shopping. Suggestions? Nothing cheesy!
- is this john? I think I'm recognizing you from your photo
The Power open up the second quarter with a field goal, Preds lead 20-10.
I got that after I sent it.
Sundays are always so bittersweet.
PSA: I really HATE TONNETTE BRITT (no relation). Tonnette is a fucking bitch who is a criminal and won't amount to shit. Disgrace to people
Time to take OFF! Check out some of the fastest military jets at MCAS Miramar Air Show! LIVE this morning on SD6!
The 2012 EdTech Link Fellows will be announced this afternoon!
RIP taylor ull be missed.
OK cool, just give us a quick tweet before so we can make sure we're here. See you then!
ELITE 8 BABY!!!!
I'm judging the PrideFest parade!! I take bribes at the Monkey Thursday Night.. Just sayin..
Stay tuned...please.
Include a short list of your favorite games (old or new) and specific reasons why you would make a great game tester
GREAT BEING CONNECTED WITH YOU ANDREY.. THANKS SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING!
and...out of touch. They will pay for this.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~Abraham Lincoln
“When someone less capable is ahead of me, I am not pleased. It makes me insane.” <U+2015> Steve Martin, An Object of Beauty
The hidden ball trick also tricked me. Everyone was so confused in our row!
First time watching #thevoice REALLY enjoying it
boxers are like that. They really need to socialize with ppl, other dogs and outside. They'll be fine.
cm punk meet and greet and bryant and strattin college downtown now
if they just moved here, feel free to share my info... happy to help them get to know the area, if they don't know anyone here.
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
There's nothing more frustrating than watching someone trying to complete a crossword puzzle.
U know you're interviewing a farmer when the interview is wrapped up before 6 a.m. ... Tommy Speer knocked off UFC vet in Iowa on Saturday
a week holiday was JUST a taste. Everyone was great, the country was beautiful & you drive on the correct side!
luckyy I wish I was there
#caa2012 How are we going to find a direct democracy in academic publishing? It exists already + we need it.
Wow! That's great news. You guys are awesome.
What makes you feel thankful every day?
Have a very Happy Hurricane!
Tough loss last night. Legs are really sore today
If you like anything coffee follow for store opening and promos
Hardest thing of playing the drums, Breaking your sticks !
Tf she crying for?
Yes, Yes, Yes! I was in The Artist & actually lived with Berenice & Michel last year while filming!
what up
my tech teacher thinks we still use Myspace. OH DEAR LORD SOMEONE HELP THIS OLD MAN. HES OUT OF THE TIMES.
Guy walked by asking Y the comm isn't involved in lot cleanup. I wanted to reply asking Y the comm didn't clean lot yrs b4 me.
EWWW, the creeper on #personofinterest thinks that's love? That's crazy talk!
Thanks for the RT!
was it seven,man girls made it more bearable.
prof has us grading each other's midterms. a whole new appreciation... although if we were getting paid for this, wouldn't be so bad.
We've got furniture and televisions for our International Newsroom!
We need to grab a beer and a burger soon.
Luv hearing ur kiddo's remarks!! My daughter said similar things. Turned out she was highly gifted. Bet yours r 2!!
Drew I just to ask one question...just one question...nevermind... Does that mean your phone is dying or does it mean you got a virus
that sucks! Hard to go without twitter, fb, email, etc. ha
Either i'm on a school bus by accident, or these college students look really young
Watching #Breakout Kings this show is alright.
he's still working on white. He's only been at it a few months (and is only 4, but very dedicated)
RT You have nothing to lose. You had nothing to begin with.
hope it works out! That's always a tough stage.
there were so many beautiful words spoken tonight. very touching &well deserved.
welcome to the hood! Very cool space. Congratulations!
And there's tonight's reminder that Paul was an OB/GYN. Say it with me: Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
70% of men admit that they like public sex
My Heart Goes Out To The Homeless And
I am determined to perfect a unique recipe for sweet tea!
You words continue to speak to me. Thank you!
Watching #30minutesorless so funny!
Did I ever mention that really does make the best sunglasses?! Can't put my #whitneyshades down!
haha his twitter!
Hey , what was the @ for that last awesome buzzword speaker?
it won't let me look at it on my iPod..
Feel bad 4 #NHRA, b-cast bumped since softball on #ESPN went into extra's and BB2Nite is now on the ESPN2. Ruff start for
Watching Capote. Brilliant perf by P. Seymour-Hoffman. In Cold Blood remains a remarkable feat. A 'non-fiction novel, as Capote called it.
The first time I heard Adrienne Rich's poetry was at a house theater held in 1988. I was 18 and had just moved from country to city.
LYRICIST IN DAH MAKING!!!!!<U+2665>
Our Goal: To bring world-class artists to NYC. -Martin Kagan, Pace Presents Director of Cultural Affairs
I think I read that and have managed to repress all memory of it
Congratulations to our good friend Ed Carpenter on his Indy Car win yesterday!
yooo im in BK. Let's link. I lost my contacts
I bet my ex-wife still watches American Idol
Join and for #SheHeChat tonight at 8pm. Always fun to see this dynamic duos thoughts on, well everything.
RT : Florida announces that sophomore LB Graham Stewart will transfer and leave the
You're killin' me here. -___-
verse verse bridge bridge chorus chorus chorus
“: Rid yourself of enemies by making them your friends (Lincoln)”
you're welcome! It's a huge accomplishment!
. Thank You too
Well I just learned they have a patio tonight... And it's lovely!
cinco de mayo plans? miss you!!!!!
Thanks! Just heard a really cool NFC talk that could have a lot of continuity for our programs.
One direction is awesome. That is all.
An insulting apology, too MT : Limbaugh says: "I sincerely apologize to Ms. Fluke for the insulting word choices."
Matt, do you have any way of offering up indy based open tech job positions to verge community? Interested in sharing if possible
hungry and i have to pee.
Attention Candidates: You have until NOON today to file your campaign finance report. Call 327-5100 with any last minute questions.
email a shipping address to we'll send you some prototypes. Just ask honest feedback in return.
My Toes are cold lol 0___O
3:30 can't come quickly enough.
#FreeEADave for protecting the beloved It's dogs like that which pitbulls to shame. Owner should be in jail, not -___-
me too but my moms making me walk around in them so i can get used to them -.-
if man evolved from monkeys, why do we still have monkeys?
Jay-Z is so raw!
Looking forward to following the social world and participating brands during #MarchMadness. (Go !)
FOOD FIGHT ON THE MALL = SUCCESS
being that u hacked me lol
M exercise 20-30/3xper week. Stay away from fat & sugary foods. I can give more specifics if you email me.
haha, gotta love carrot cake, I know Louis probably does (;
I tried to excuse myself, but they woudn't stop hounding me. Sorry, but it'll be a cold day in hell before I play any Amy Grant ish
Beep beep show me dat RT
Somehow u keep blessing me...
that shirt is garbage...lol...and hit the weights bro...hahahha....
Thank you, for all the beautiful music...
Hey man, playing any soccer these days?
Looking forward to spin this friday! It's gonna be out of control, all friends are coming to make a big madness
No Cnnsi I do not want to fill out your survey but you did cause me to close your tab and go to espn
Feb issue of Black Forest Notes is available - send a Twitter note to receive your copy! We are Portland's Remodel Expert!
Should I get new sunglasses?
talking on the phone with clients about #css and #html is just too much fun. seeing them connect the dots is bliss. :)
now I understand why people asked me today if we were going to change out the murals. (Yes, the ones painted on our walls!)
it was last night leftover burrata pizza from pulino's though..
RT : new box designs in for #Bonamour skin care line today. Look great
good luck! ;)
That's what makes me love her. Now, I didn't say I wanted to marry her.
“: #WeWontWorkOutIf you're taller than me.. i have a fetish for short people” First time I ever seen a girl say that lol
good question you asked in the new episode of :] I never really thought how Trina got in Hollywood arts. :D
i am a 14 year old boy that wont to be a wrestler i live in ohio and was worndering if anyone could train me
Well nosey is tired. Exhaustin day with Austin. Goodnight (:
Nothing beats our amazing, Italian, slow cooked, all natural tomato sauce. Truly authentic and DELICIOUS! No sugars added.
well thank you! what a compliment :-)
No, going to Eat Mobile.
who knew there were so many #effin hills in the #cardiotheatre !!
The pungent smell of yr neighbours cooking fish never, ever, ever gets to be more tolerable.
Ready for summer
and youre an insanely stunning one
Don't forget to spring ahead today!!
Feeling lots of love to all our volunteers helping us transcribe our Behind the Scenes Interviews. Glad to have such support. Thanks all!
Networking skills and responses should be a whole semester course on its own! It's a beautiful thing!
lets get it!
"me know that too well" Grateful each day that I turn on the tap for clean water.....we have come from far!!
RT You miss 100% of the meters you don't pull
Nah, I'm violent and have no shame. I'll headbutt her if I have to.
The best thing about #LeapDay? and 29% off sales!
Hey it was great hearing you speak at the last WSOP! And thank you again for signing the back of my shirt.
Going back to good Ole Clinton Co for the night with ?
": Looks like its gonna be a #Libertine kind of night!"..I was thinking that same thing.
i always feel awkward when i say kids are gonna be attractive when they get older because i feel like i'm a pedophile
#Omniture Network Acceleration Timeouts + Waiting on hold to speak to Client Care = Very Unproductive Day :(
lol! Naaaa RT : So now you're Twitter verified, we have to call you Sir Cubby Sir? ;)
Good morning twitter world!!:)
It's really sad that im listening to lady gaga right now
I would have to agree. He is beautiful
Im in Detroit
Yes followers
hey deuce tomorrow is my birthday id really appricate it if u wish me a happy birthday thatd really make my birthday.plz?9L4L
im in the may
Do you exercise regularly? Why or why not?
sometimes when trying 2 hard to prove a point, you blind yourself from noticing you started off on the wrong foot to begin with.
Miss you all so much!
check out FFMIC.COM... Financial Freedom Marketing And Investing Company...
Some say love, it is a razor violently slashing away at my innards.
He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician. ~Chinese proverb
Any day spent with is a wonderful day
Is extremely happy right now:D
Hilarious sighting escorting through the halls of the Rio
Hey, would love to have you at a show. Thanks for the Tweets. I'm a huge fan myself.
he didn't look too perky when they showed him on tv
Ya'll are babies. I was in grad. school, about to take orals.
Makes me want to book a trip to Vegas right now!!!!
Making chicken parm tonight.
follow me only 27 followers away from my goal
Our business ad on craigslist is coming again soon!
any tips on getting started/reaching out as a guest blogger?
go ape on this place
Student success with peers tied to success in school
"Birdsong" is a moving expression of the triumphant human spirit and the benevolence we all possess, delivering the highest form of love.
PhillyTweeps: Check out the Drexel University Farmer's Market Every Tuesday 11am-3pm 33rd & Market Streets at the Dragon Statue!
Church also known as the House of Love if you take out the Love it's just another ordinary house of the opposite. Hm..
That's a good idea. I'm sure it doesn't matter when you start.
Amen RT Home is the only place where one does not get homesick.
#reading the girl who played with fire. Holy crap, it's a good book.
wine down wahoos wednesdays are my fav, thanks
It's another beautiful brisk fall morning in #Seattle. Stop on by The District for a cup of Cafe Vita coffee.
Give the gift of Night Owl this Xmas! Big sale still going down over half off most items! www.nightowlmerch.com
Today at noon come on in for the FFL Fab Lab Open House! Come check out the Makerbot and PSP Super Computer! It will blow you away!
Doin some site seeing today with the fam. Should be a nice change of pace.
+ + free wifi? SFO Airport you pull at my heart strings...
Dang! I got all the way to the store only to realize I left my wallet at home. Can't we pay with our fingerprints by now?
Brother wants to watch a stupid TV show. Then I get the TV for the rest of the day.
Now Im wishing on a wishing star in hope that you'll be okay. Cause I cant stop thinking bout, cant stop dreaming bout you<3 -
see you there!
New York Giants!! What's yours??
Long wrestling tournaments <<<<<<
we're pretty low on cash I'm not sure we could make it there : / least not yet... One day
That's generous.
must wins against the Jets and Cowboys make it hard to get up for the Falcons, playoff game or no
Thank you for following.
if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow
It's our #Internet2 day at #uncg - learning about this research network of 214 members, fast at 100gig.
THAT SHOULD BE ME
Would say more aren't than are, alas, based both on public health stats and on conversations we have w/ongoing users. :(
playing with a purpose! Luvit!
My mama come in here talkn about miss Wednesday too , fuck no goin my ass to school guh u trippn
who is surprised hotel wifi is slowing? [meanwhile nothing on tv so I'll return to watching Netflix at my hotel]
you're so amazing :))
We have 7 days to go in our Kickstarter campaign, thought it might be interesting to - what mac fan doesn't want 3D?
North Korea needs to sit down!
Good player should see the ball at the same time, 10 partners, 11 opponents and blonde on the third row.
I never knew making yourself happy came with losing the people you thought would always be there. I guess. Fuck bitches get money though.
LOL before looking I was going to guess "congress". Lo and behold...
Got my Bumper Sticker on finally...
lol!!! I was like I can't look into another mans eyes while I'm pounding this chick in!!
Damn its HOT in vegas!
The cast of Quentin Tarantinos latest Django Unchained are dropping like flies! Joseph Gordon Levitt, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kevin Costner...
LETS GO #BU. Final Four!!!
Team #CAG is in full effect. 6 homies played a grind it out game, full of bad calls and broken luck plays and still got that "W".
Fritz Coleman #fundraiser #Pasadena Saturday 9/24 use code EDM 92411 Please RT : ) thanks for your support
he wasn't mad at me, it was a joke!
S/O to all the way on Arizona
I wanted to see For The Fallen Dreams so badly :c
I'm scheduled to work at for a couple more weeks.
WHOS THE ONE WHO NEEDS TO CALM DOWN NOWW:P
I miss us... Alot
"I remember as a young reporter" FOUR YEARS AGO. THE GOOD OLE DAYS.
CSI promo says it "reminds us why we love television," shows woman about to be bludgeoned. For me, classic TV's more about stabbings.
same thing I told em
Suspected that would happen...
“: For the Son of Man came to seek and to save what was lost. - Luke 19:10 #Bible”
i'm down!
Cj.12 The same is true for the Julia Tutwiler Prison. inmate on inmate is high than staff on inmate
for those of us not there -- thanks for the tweet updates!
Countdown: 47 days
video fun day at palmetto bay park. come out and hang and play frisbee.
u got it mama.
Come visit us this afternoon for their MLK day celebrations!
"You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader."
They're on ALL my teams. Bears have Israel Idonije and Reds have Joey Votto. And the Sharks have a few. :)
Thanks for not letting all of the ntl #LGBT orgs know about today's bomb threats. Glad you're concerned for our safety.
Best of the year, Bitch of the season... Your man left, & i'm the reason, So make some room, cuz im the baddest bitch like "BOOM"
You're a tough cookie.
Drink a few to have fun don't drink to show off or drink for any other reason than to enjoy your company you'll just lead to worse things
Channel4 News - Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: UK urges war crimes probe - www.channel4.com/news/foreign-office-presses-sri-lanka-on-war-crimes
Text 27722 to donate $10 from your cell phone to PETA! Help save animals lives!
“: Headed to Tarpon w/ and to see play live. Come out for it!!”
I'm already there. Maybe, given that, I should watch it more often.
Happy 4th of July America!
It's crazy how things AND people just change... wow.
Thanks , , and many others for the incredible #surprise #birthday party!!!! Best birthday yet!! <3 you all!
I love that movie!
Have a fond place in the heart for calculators. First computer I had. Amazing contraptions, especially w/ 84 pt type.
RT : Happy PiEinstein Day! It's both 3/14 (aka 3.14) & Einstein's bday--it would be irrational *not* to eat pie today.
"It's enough to get a smile from Mr. Grumpy Pants..."
hello from Philadelphia! Happy learning!
two midnight game releases in 2 weeks....im starting to think i have a problem
are you at the microbrewfest this year?
Down 3 going into 4th qtr. Lets get this Runners!!!
so m man just told me that I was agressive... I told him I just watched a video of will smith lmao
ABDC was awesome.......and soo is justin bieber
About to hear from about social TV
Well good to see Marcum is picking up where he left off. At least the bases are empty
Right? I almost had a heart attack. I wanted to say that I think he's awesome but I didn't want to bother him :)
#Top exercises that count!: #PUSHUPS, #SQUATS, #LUNGES,
yeah you would be driving me nuts lol
I highly advise you to stay out of it before you get yourself in something you can't get out of
You may also like my other facebook page: Facts Machine. :)
Join as he takes over six taps w Sunshine, Scratch 55 Imp IPA, Scratch 58, Flying Mufflan, Nugget Nectar, and a firkin.
Thanks for the follow.
Snow in NYC , lmfaaooo . gotta say . very interesting during the month of October #SNOW !
pathetic how your sister trys to slag of your matess, and told me not to meet them, im doing wat i want thanks rudeegurrll.
is watching RuPaul's Drag Race!! ~Awesomeness!! #don't judge me!
hahaha if you only knew I'm so not the babysitter you want
Can we speech read our tweets?
Anyone here a "Dragon Tattoo" fan? Do you think Salander has a form of autism?
The Clash blaring, cupcakes mfffing, caffeine buzzing...sitting at Cupcake Royale among the other quiet laptopniks, finishing some work.
I didn't realize Bike To Work Day was today in LA. I'd already made plans to do a portion of Friday's commute via bike and blue line.
I hope I can see u soon
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
your tweet that said i couldnt be happier
Thanks very much! Ur so sweet!
late to the party, but i always enjoy Goudy OldStyle or Garamond … their somewhat imperfect serifs could look good
hey mama hit me if you're still up...gotta tell u something
Man, if only some of those 9 LOB had been on the bases when Johnson, Zobrist, and Pena struck
On Game of Thrones last night, when Jon Snow sees The Wall - massive, imposing, desolate - for the first time, I thought...
Ever since I cut bangs again I've been getting evening headaches. What does it all mean?
RT : Thank you! It was a great review.
We want to know what you guys think! What is the best place in #Milwaukee for pub food?!
OMFG IM IN CHICAGO *dies*
Twi-hards, Twidiots, Twilighters - what's the "proper" name for Twilight fans anyway? Whatever you call them, they seem to be everywhere!
": Tonight's lineup is solid: 9 holes, cold beverages, and heading uptown to see "Sounds good to us too! See u there
It's not just for recipes! Lots of great EDU stuff being shared there.
My experience with Apple: It just doesn't fucking work
Thanks for following! And I luv your avi!
Tommarro is ur Birthday!!!!!<U+2665> I love you so much justin #HappyEarlyBirthdayJustin!!!<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Thomas' shot hits the post! OKC still leads 3-2
Working on a presentation for an agency client. New DVD to be released soon!!!
Ho I'm sorry have fun!
Tomorrow night wouldn't work for me either, but when will you be down next?
She doesn't seem too upset for someone who was just forced into her car at gunpoint.
#Starwarsshakespeare Double, double, toil and trouble Fire burn and Dagobah bubble
hey wer u from
thanks for the RT - cheers
Hope y'all had a great weekend! 2 Twins tickets FREE with a 1 week rental!
Sometimes when I read tweets I just wanna say "EXACTLY!" And other times I think Umm..Me need read more watch tv less..
witw? now ur saying she was a crack head?
Aw. I love you too! Thank you!!!!!!
More live videos!!! Like the setup you 2 have.
About to hit road to buy some wine for drinking/reviewing this week. Hope to bring home a few bottles for no more than $45-50 total.
Why do I feel this way? =0
My Christmas wish is for and to get together already !!!!!!
i just listened to like every pen up dolls song online, if we work its automatic millionaire status hmu asap!
oh well
Watching Giants v Eagles game, I can hear the roar of Giants Stadium!
JUST finished editing my poetry portfolio. So tedious! Why did I take poetry class again?! Finals almost over...
I miss it SOO SOO bad
thanks for the follow back move ill keep up ok stay down!
Process service from hell. I'm not sure why people try to avoid service, I'm going to get them sooner or later.
Halfway done with my MultiGenre Project! Matern better like this...
RIP photojournalists Tim Hetherington & Chris Hondros, killed in explosion today in Misurata, Libya.
Don't cry tomarrow brings better days. 2pac
No matter what . I'm always gonna miss you .
- Tried sending u a DM but wont go thru unless you're following me also... Let me know when u follow & I can send u all details.
Spazz on Y'all.
Flirtationship: more than a Friendship, less than a Relationship
Thank you.
what class are you taking?
seth man i'm gunna miss you
Writing about ruby
if you think the things i say are mean sometimes- im glad you cant read my thoughts
Can you give that tackle to the offensive tackle? Masoli runs into his own blocker.
Aside from homeostasis normalcy really does not exist. Think about that before you call someone weird..Google my thoughts. Bitch.
: MIMI:Dumb as hell ELEASE: Weak as hell GIA:Follower ERICA:Shit starter AMY:Aint no hoe,for a white girl CAMILLA:My nigga
Amazing idea
RT : We have never been able to collectively unite charities & cancer fighting orgs in the fight. Times will soon change.....
YIPPIE! I get to see u too! I bought two as well. My friend is buying that one off of me. I used to see him all the time 4 free!
I'm a lucky gal, got to start my day with some fabulous ladies - thx for the coffee date and !
The best thing about being busy all the time is that I don't have time to entertain bs!
im in the hospital cause im sick and the nurse lady is mean shes like a total jerk
If I agree to give a presentation right after a conference, right after writing a paper, someone please stop me.
Seriously, , you won't let me David Lodge ebooks in the U.S.? Do you hate America, or love piracy?
Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear. -Anthony Robbins
New profil pic! Can't wait One Tree Hill season 9!! :)
dude follow me and we are what the bitches follow.
12:12am and my report is finished! Time to clean up and go to bed.
Haha oh t money I think that's 2 of us who shouldn't do that Lol
oh thts strait
the Eco film competition that you posted about
We'll be making a donation today RT : We're seriously like 500 bucks away from being the top fundraisers.
Jesus lord, has the best voice I've heard in a while.
SanDiego just in case you didn't know, the game is an afternoon 3:35 game start. We'll be there.
shout my friend and ;) love you slut
If you only like Harry, can't spell Zayn, say Louis isn't funny and Liam's boring or make fun of Niall, then tickets for 1D aren't for you.
What's good, everyone? What are you up to today/tonight/whenever?
OK LEMME GET SUMTHN STRAIGHT ...IF PPL FEEL MY TWEETS ABOUT THEM THE SHOE MUST FIT...ITS ALOT OF MFS I COULD BE TALKIN BOUT
Happy Leap Day everyone! Since today technically doesn't count, do something awesome so you remember what you did on #LeapDay 2012!
Anyone know where I can get some gay erotica stories published on the web? Twitter me if you do. Got some pretty good stories already.
Michalko summary: digital deluge of diamonds and sludge. Fodder for discussion.
wish I could be watching the game today - but can't with meetings at work...
Make the rules. That way they're easier to follow.
Get that New Years Glow b4 the Clock Strikes 12! Hurry Book your Appt by Friday 12/30 & Start GLOWING into the New Year! Call 327-2507.
Why cant we have interactive moderated political debates on TV all year round?
Thanks for coming out, Hope you enjoyed the show!
I really missed Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist. Really.
Half of my passwords are "ilovejwale"
were the Beasties from Brooklyn or Queens?
lol it's all good sister! :)
If you are struggling with your food allergy reactions, consider adding a comprehensive digestive enzyme to your food regime.
CONQUEROR! Yes You Are! Even More Than That!
It looks like our feral daughter got your eyes *and* your hair. Wow. Strong genes.
The is currently closed due to power outages.
This bar draws a creepy crowd. As in, feeling RIGHT at home.
The evidence of success is JOY.
let the wild rumpus begin!
oh I know how that goes. GT household..I would be all sorts of scunt an' ting if I didn't clean for the new year.
Following You...Follow Me Back
lol if ya so so ima make one tho
“: RT if you've already seen #NCIS200”Was awesome!!!!!
Jirí Hornícek just showed the Czech surrealist masterpiece 'The Soldier's Story' by an unknown (by me at least) filmmaker.
Okay thanks!
I live this pic of you! Waay cute!!
Where was your work field-trip to?! Somewhere cool? Mustache-less?
follow our webseries! our director, Nicole, worked with you on Dinner Impossible in the Poconos!
Which month is your favorite in Fort #Lauderdale? I actually love August. It feels quiet and mysterious.
One Of The Most Prettiest Girls ----->
aite well how u do ya payments you gotta pay pal account or jus cash
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Looking sexy is different than feeling sexy. Otherwise I'd wear camping socks with my open toed heels for warmth.
Awesome stuff. You should make a copy of the script and send it to me so I can study.
damn bro lol your hair is LONG O.O :p
Gingers don't have souls
is ready for big things in 2010! Thanks for joining us on this ride! -- TS
..everythin movin slow....i take my time....i pace it baby....
that's great! :D
Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen
follow me cuz i did
Good tips and actually totally applicable to some our e-marketing at the AIDS Foundation of Chicago. Thanks!
doing great, working on a lot of fun projects and getting ready to move to a bigger place here in Houston.
Me like having a crush lol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Big Bang Boom plays at 4pm today #FreeConeDay at Ben&Jerrys Friendly Center! Come Rock Out!
not at all
Added San Diego to my trip(s) in San Diego next week to be greeted by reporters on arrival at the airport. Busy week ahead! :)
lets talk some baseball, or maybe on the show tomorrow???
haha I was just trying to make a funny is all
haha shit you're still in school? But yes, 130 is fine!
'All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.' ~ BE that light in someone's hour of darkness
I saw Frankie live like 10 years ago, but the musical was even better than him live, haha!
Watching The Vow!!! Hope I don't Cry!! haha
What should i do tonight
#WhyIGive to help others reach their dreams.
I'm seeing today!!! Be jealous!
i am completely loving all the fashionista's, blog/vlogg-ers,Youtubers who are all of my new followers i really appreciate it THANK YOU!!!
A1. Know who u want 2 reach, how can u most effectively reach them, what is your ultimate goal w/app-branding,
sure did! But kinda figured it was with PB already ;) : So... did you get your daily hint??
The fifth dare of the night will be a 10-minute preview of the company's first full-length production, as adapted by Lesslie Dodge Crane.
Here comes Rondo off the bench.
Babies are mostly born, and disks are mostly full - at night.
Welcome Neighborhood Coordinator for #Roxbury! With office hours every other Friday at Shelburne, 10am-12pm, starting May 11
hahah I'll shoot him a text and let him know what's up
Congrats to the people now running Yahoo. You have made your company synonymous with the Winklevoss Twins. Good luck with that.
please follow me im from ecuador and you r my world
What to do gm?
hey wahs up
Hahaha...I love you, B! I am bit tired though. RT Can't keep up with ?! Don't feel bad, no one can.
"Stay is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary." - Louisa May Alcott
Mikey .... Ik gu fry got any food ?:D
tell them to take u there. Yall will enjoy it.
Excited!! I cant find it on your Soundcloud, is there anywhere else I can listen until then?
If an objectionable treatment is paid for by all taxpayers rather than by religious instns, it's less objectionable? That's not CHOICE.~D
you have the coolest pictures from work and the most amazing attitude. Thanks for being a TRUE American hero!
Hey there! Cool to see someone executing on a similar idea. :)
It's about conquering the quarterlife crisis, not waiting for it to pass! Check out the 4 girls doing just that @ stratejoy.com :)
You are not alone young lady. God is always with you. His company is the most important.
yep, that's jam alright... jerk. Wife keeps asking about the male model on my Twitter... jerk.
it's 11:11 in Miami! Make a wish! <3
Where's the ozoni?
has NOT FORGOT
Check out - GREAT resource in Philadelphia for glutenfree! Tons of restaurants.
Haha - well played :-)
You should never let your fears prevent you from doing what you know is right. <U+2015> Aung San Suu Kyi
an unfortunate American child told me.."even my worst day feels okay with a mouthful of milk and cookies". not much to ask for.
should have came zo
what u doing today?
wtf y agent u following me! I'll eat ur family! Don't worry I'm not hungry at the momen so u have some ykme
says is ensuring same flavor globally, from farm to fork.
Heart disease risk can indicate long-term COPD fate
There's something awesome about jammin out to Hootie and the Blowish in 85 degree weather with the top down and movie star sunglasses ...
If I had a dollar for every time I have sneezed I could pay rent for 3 months. Tears in the eyes count as a bonus?
That's amazing--particularly when they still don't seem favored over blackberry in the professional world
Good night!!!!:) Going in a big trip tomorrow:))
I hope the TSA doesn't think it odd that one entire suitcase is filled only with phones....
Sounds frustrating!
92 bus is 2b@ U n16th@ 1:19am. Next bus says 35 min wait! WTF? Seriously? There's no traffic this time of night! Dumbasses!
RT : Bows & Arrows // Kicking Daisies
Jamie u be blowin me shutup sometimes
Glad I could help. They still have little to no service there and i know the workers are extremely busy. God bless!
An audible "fuck" from Ortiz!
Let's go Derek Jeter. Captain needs a hit.
RT : Live well, laugh often, love much
um... undecided about GDC. I live like 3 blocks away though.
Thanks to all for a great show last night at the Republic Kitchen! See you again soon.
okay that's trueth
WIPO Dir Gen Gurry: in knowledge economy where univ's are the "factories," the grace period in patent filing is indepensible.
Wise words
My best wishes for a Happy Holiday season and a super 2012 to all of friends, fans and followers!
Thanks so much! which song did you end up checking out?
Yep ~ Love this: "Never underestimate the power of human storytelling." -
I hope you study this carefully
Its crazy how we always speak on the internet or on the phone, but in person it's like I'm not even here. :-/
Our house is about ready for bedtime
Ugh time to walk to the bus stop.
Love this vid walk away
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person. But that 'wrong' person prepared us for the 'right' one.
awesome. thanks bro. I'm only on page75 i gotta go to 81
#FrozenStrawberryLemonade SOUND'S good..
The fact that we are "sure as hell" of things means we are not too optimistic about our eternal life!
it's pretty nice here.... ;)
Pardon my intrusion. F*ck him! (whoever he is)
wow thanks Emily over me.
No day party! Getting ready for our pool part Memorial Day weekend
Haha you know it!
haha im sorry baby
Case of cheddar back in stock at AMZN and I <3 1 click! My life is now complete :)
pretty great -- you?
Ordered a great new card game "woker" at
Just finished my golf lesson. I only used my P dogg aka pitching wedge, but I am feeling pretty #badass with it right now:)
thanks! We thought letting people in on our plans for world domination would be off putting... So we'll start w/
. - Simply the best! Doors open at 9. See you tonight...
#Sandomierz warmer than Newark today with a massive 34C. Enjoy the sunshine!
you have it?
bored as crap aint got nun too doo wtf life can be lame
you're just a youngin, who needs some real schoolin ;b
Many managers want to compare circulation of e-books with hard-copy books but this is an apples & oranges scenario. Bruss
yes I'm here with my sister and nephew celebrating moms day
same Ol shit
everyone look out we has a badass over here
Saw a kid in a letter jacket today. He's in his school's wrestling tennis band. I'd pay to see that.
breaking bad marathon continues
#BoyzAreBack , when they first stepped on the stage Ke$ha challenge>>>>
my head hurts . better on mute . somebody call my MOMMA
Whats next, you gonna call me a "fussbudget" or "jive turkey"? With your olde tyme insults lol
without dance i would have nothing and i would be nothing
GOODNIGHT TWITTER!!! :)
say what up? Scary ass lmao
have been trying to get a page published and keeps getting deleted even though it cites legitimate sources. Can you help?
“: Guys, if she asks about your view on internet porn... "full screen" is not the best answer.” this tweet is 4 u
no problem:) thanks
Friday, YOU are a giant glass of champagne to us today. Thank you for kicking Thursday's tequila to the curb :)
": Tom Brady's Pregame Routine Consists of shagging a supermodel on top of a pile of cash...
the quote :)
My mom pissed off a bird, and now it's after her
How is it possible that is now available on Twitter, and I didn't know?!
Lmao I need to kno the dude who had the 113 year old lady touching him in the car Twitter name lmaooo funniest shit.
SWAG , SWAG
Glad you're enjoying them
how u feeling?!
#Birdhand is a solid band with some solid music to offer.
"Thanks for telling everyone about my kidney stones, Jim" - Jim Palmer's wife.
sup lovely
Goodnight and hey your beautiful :)
I just don't understand why someone would like their own status on Facebook. Of course you like it. You posted it.
you mean I haven't yet?
3 sums??? Where do I sign up!
but we welcome you to #IndyCar!!
#WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan Usually end up catching feelings for a nigga but try so hard not to show it or be weak
everyone go follow her she's amazing I luv her! But she just does not get the Idea of twitter all she says I'd what shes doing
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up
How about 'Fuck Your Feelings'? I've got my own plate of shit to handle, thank you very much!
FREE PRE-FORECLOSURE LIST!! MSG ME IF YOUR INTERESTED!!!
Keep huntin'! Tweet us a pic from the Show. Car to find: I am the future so plug me in, with high gas prices, Chevy still makes you grin!
i always look to see if i can see myself in peoples pictures and videos aahhaa
PLEASE Bravo I just want Rachel Zoe marathons all day.
This baboso can't go a week without tryn 2 fuck up my happiness! lol
good times!!! Haha
thanks for the invite.. That's my town!
always a goddess & yr profile is extra amazing. x o.
u can do it sissy poo!!!
Awesome!!! thank you. Looking forward to seeing the pics!
but of course!
Bitch is a female dog, dogs bark, bark comes from trees, trees come from nature, nature is beautiful,so if people call you a bitch. thanks
Not sure Damon, I put an email in to them so should know tomorrow. Aloha
craving sleep...
Haha! This is so funny!!
Imma shake my ass..in yo face, is that okay? ;)
That's a wrap... Enough tax returns for one evening.
I wanna move to california so its nice all the time!
“: I think i wanna go to da military idk yet” u go I'll go
I love you to death!!!!!! Plz rt
great meeting you yesterday! will REMEMBER that interview!!!!!!
#ff <-- the voices in my head
ignore the device, and run the #Kindle iPhone app instead.
I like it too! <U+E105>
Indeed ;and what an honor to meet Justice Stevens in line!
check out my site and pics. who knows, you may get inspiration for a new character ;)
Beak'in A!
My mother was a tailor
To what do I owe this pleasure, Weatherman?
But will we? RT : The world dodged a second Depression by avoiding the mistakes that led to the first. There are more...
what's Rickson's favorite submission? What's your favorite?
Money Don't Change Yu It Changes The People Around You RT
awww super relajadita :) <3'd my foot massage// now for a movie & then off to sleep, hasta 2moro ppl, sweet dreams!!!
haha cue the cool noise
going off the twitter
Woop, gaining some feelings for him. ;o
bro i missed it on the radio :(
Love watching my coworkers do the Windows Phone 7 challenge with the peeps today during SpecTECHular!
HEY guys! Hope today was the start of a great week! <U+263A>
I wanna get out of Sacramento this summer!!
and apperently im a bogger because im getting a block of pink or purple through my hair...jesus
All the guys I'm not attracted to are drawn to me the most smh..to me attraction is just not looks..its the whole package!
Feeling. Low.
what is a hickey tournament?
Almost fell asleep during the middle of the movie but it was alright. Just a super hero movie. That's all.
Did Joe Buck really just suggest Jaime Garcia to pitch hit? You would think he would remember he started this game right?
Werewolves and Ninjas!
what's up man?! Congrats on gettin in the playoffs. Go get then eagles!
When he's 50 he may be better than most players in the NHL. What a player.
If I lay in my bed I won't be able to get out of it. Must stay focused.
Rotary Peace Fellowship now accepting applications...www.rotary.org
Haha. Tony, stay till I get there so we can do the handoff and stick around for after parties! too?
Professionally Speaking as a Licensed Therapist, sobriety takes time to achieve, as the patient is always vulnerable to abuse triggers.
Ain't nuthin worst then a Football player who thinks he's good in basketball
RT Dont take this the wrong way but if youre upset that Duke lost because it ruined your bracket you probably don't have a soul
them while going down the list as you do so=me
Kitty shelter tomorrow
Day 2 and all is well w/greenies! Spinach in moderation was a great tip on how to start. Thanks!
My ambitions as a ridah
if you don't have a dream, you don't have anything
for men, the world is our bathroom....#wecangoanywhere :)
of course no sure about the other one.
Crew love
WOW! Where'd you hear about this dude? And thanks for sharing. Fits my retro fetish perfectly. Shades of Masekela.
men in suites
Last cup of wine!
Send me the flyer...I'll come through and give them a piece..heck with my breathing these days that's all I can get out..lol
That would make the show 10x better.
not to mention, Major.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!
Famous casting director Jane Jenkins coming to edgemar for Q & A session. Go to www.edgemar.org or call (310) 392-0815
sure, but, the drummer is able to get a closed hi-hat sound from his ride...it's magic!
Research and Markets: In-situ Synthesis of Polymer Nanocomposites
haha! thanks so much! I love riding my bicycle... on pace to hit 6-7000 miles this year! WOOOOOOT!
If you are attending #utoug training days today be sure to check out my #oraclewebcenter presentation.
Yes! We have a number of cases left.
Congrats on getting your handle changed!
. would welcome help from computer scientists in developing ways of working with range models like LMNL
Boyz will never be 'boys' again!
Picking albums to bring to a hypothetical island isn't hard. Turning the island sands into a decent makeshift orifice, there's your task.
Um...Maria and Derek were absolutely ROBBED. I'm thoroughly offended.
I never knew a gay man... then i met eric benzel. him and spehn have an apartment together
Good morning! First unconference sessions starting in 15 mins
Oh absolutely. Do you prefer Darth Vader or Disney Princess?
thanks! :) BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!
"You always act like this, when the sisters come around James!"
Thanks :-) Trying to get this business off the ground...but our treats have been described as "crack" for dogs :-D
yes! It's gonna be HUGE! tell er'body you know!
yo control your daughter
-_- these mexican landscapers def just beeped at me <<< :/
played good all day to lose a flip then get coolered JTxx to TTxx on JT3 in 3way pot at the final table to finish 7th for peanuts.
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING <3
Brownsburg people piss me off soo much...they try to talk smack after you beat them and when you beat them before...you suck brownsburg
OMG I love the new #geico commercial with the pig zip lining yelling "wee, wee, wee!".
Wait. So did anyone else know that Carmelo Anthony was going to be guest starring on Nurse Jackie??? What the fuck?????????
is it a #JonasFanProblems you think of the boys when you see the John or Jones and you just read jonas xD ?
It's not too late, go for it! And check out the panels we already have, just in case. Yes to childcare!
Vacation time starts in 10 hrs. A week of relaxation and fun with my family! Going to the Grand Canyon... Can't wait I've never been!
Sad to leave the beach today...
We need a win, go suns!
how does chocolate impact your life?
At first I thought this said "ultimate sex pack." def more exciting than six pack RT : The ULTIMATE Six Pack Abs Workout
Looks like we'll now have to add pup play dates to those beer bookclub mtgs. so much goodness!
Good follow Robby Speer director of Sports Reach /Reaching and Teaching the Word Through Sports
Debating going to United Center Sunday night for the Sade/John Legend concert, Floor Section #3 Row 1 or 2 looking good.
i should do this more often
Does that work? do people really give u money if u ask for it? lol, its like pan handling online
is the
keep running but not for office. Time to go!
Today's a good day for chicken soup with rice. Remember to mix it once, mix it twice.
My aunt is locked in macy's due to a shooting outside and I am guessing this is pretty much her dream come true
me getting a mustang before you >
Love #solidarity from across the River! We always need volunteers but you'll need to move to #TheNewD1 to get a yard sign. :-)
I'm here, where are you?
I'm so tired and I don't have a game until 9:15:(
It's called "You Give me Problems About My Business" by the Mercury Program. thanks for listening.
Traveling for work this week - cannot wait to show off my new bag! Seriously the most precious camera bag I've ever seen!
If you don't keep moving forward, life it just going to keep kicking you in the ass!
contact 'Etched in Time' at 440-285-7708 or ....
Shoutout to for bringing my drunk ass home. I'm sure I was a delight.
PIPE BOMB, THE ENDERS, & CAN'T GET NUN's - Friday, July 23rd - PUNK ROCK NIGHT - Jerilee's Pub - Lafayette, IN - 9pm - Rock n' Roll!
I can't sleep <U+E407>
Big surprise, Rovell does something stupid/scummy.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 4632 calories! on 4/4/12 at 8:42 PM
In the car on my way to school
there is nothing but love in the air today. damn, it makes me extremely giddy. cannot wait to get inside Miller Park and cheer on the Crew!
Sometimes, you gotta know what lines there are, and not cross them.
Watched 60 minutes last night -- had no idea Meryl Streep lives in Massachusetts part of the year. Got to get her on my invite lists - ha!
Something isn't right.
Good Morning <U+E404>
Sit around for 4 days and watch "Gossip Girl."
Yaaaaaaay. I'm proud of you!!!!! :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) :)
(screaming YES!!) I had thought that you were older than me!!so I was hype!!but I'm right your younger..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Vh1 played Garbage's "Only Happy When It Rains This Morning." Thank you Vh1!!
Airports fucking suck.
Message from my guides: I am not alone.
Yeah me too. Just so exited
I have to run. Stay tuned till next week. Working on content for both docs/ePatients on participatory medicine
man bring ya black ass out tonight
Why all of a sudden so many people are hating on Nicki #performing??
wonderful thanks Rusty :)
My life is in boxes. Last thing to be packed is this laptop.... Movers coming in 12 hours..... It's go time!
and let us know how you get on with them!
Or Ron Howard
Freaking adorable.
Why do online transcript requests have to be so difficult?
Come on boys, let's do this!
Baby you're the best part of my day!
Fuck its snowing AGAIN
Don't forget to support Sheriff Joe. He is under attack by our DOJ, who won't go after the Black Panthers.
sunday is for brunch and beverages. 9am-2pm.
should be doing homework
hey! im comin 2c u guys july7 :) you'l c me n the front row i promise!:) & i'll b at the venue at 6am blarin stwof frm my car!
Once again, Happy birthday Janet Jackson.
Those are fun picks. How did we miss noticing the concert at Random Row? And, thanks for the re-tweet!
PingFederate 6.5 upgrade completed. No PowerPoint required. Thanks Unleash the tokens!
Bob Finch speaks about need for record keeping
Intense 2 hr workout to start off my saturday. The things i can get done when i dont drink are amazing
Have a great time at the concert at Keller's Saloon tomorrow! (Show info: 615-374-4719)
Facebook #f8 I like Graphs
just getting ready for bed after watching ice road truckers am hoping for a nice day tomorrow
I need more UK Grime in my life. Who are you listening to?
So if you get 200 rejections this summer and the Giants win 100 games, you'll consider it a success?
Hey, so what happened with your car last night?
Excitement is building for to return with the Pops. Let the world know and use #IdinaInCincy when tweeting about the concert!
Hi , my life
Over half of public service jobs are in education, health, and social services, where women make up 72 percent of the work¬force....
Put your hands in the air, say YEAH, YEAH, YEAH <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>
Ha Bulls are out in Round 1
housing ENDS usa #HOMELESSNESS! PLZ DONATE housing SOLUTION WITH OTHER USA WEALTHY ! thanks!
He sounds like Tony Robbins when he speaks...
Looking forward to seeing you next Tues @ FREE show @ 5:30 @ Center Plaza. FREE beer 2. Sunny skies/72 degrees in the forecast.
Hurry time is running out! The sooner you enter the contest, the sooner you'll win! :)
Smiles are the only universal currency.
Hey Happy! Can I have one of those?
Sy Steals - A Daily Boutique & Handmade Deal Website + Weekly Giveaways: via AddThis
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
2/11 w/ cd release show. We have tickets, who needs some!?
thx for inviting me!
i know and did u see that pic of princeton mom which she looks pretty. i been saw it hbu
you come w/ plenty referrals
I'll make a little Grande Competition! The winner gets a shoutie & a cupcake!<U+2661>
like this? "Austin please kiss my cheek while taking a picture"? ;p
#IAdmit lately i ben slackin on my craft on my art to make ppl laff!
i like this one !
What is this Today Show? I thought I brainwashed you to watch nothing but
it's a song fuck face.
Rose was kinda the shit.
in order to get a cd, i have to know you. once i get them copyrighted, then i'll let other people have a cd d;
Conf tourney play to go along with Clemson & Stanford...ODU +2 and that's it for today. Good Luck!!!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana shake that banana for me
time for single payer.
is about to dance. I have to say, I love this woman. She got and she got it good...
Welcome to the crew. Pumped to have you!
Don't be fooled by this afternoon's great weather quite yet. Rain is set to move in tonight and tomorrow. This Afternoon: Increasing cl...
so you build on iPhone and they actually mail a card for you not email???
How many fights are actually gonna be shown on FOX?
What are you doing there?
Fantastic 1st #OksanaG workshop-performance last night to full house, Charlene Santoni in title role. Again tonight w/ new cast.
Yup Agree! RT Can I edit 1080p HD clips in PPro dynamically linked to a AE project? Didn't hear/see anything about that
Bring a friend for free today only!! (Must be a local resident)
That nigga Ron Artest needs some kind of psychological assessment.
RT - Note to all my former teammates + opponents: Swallow macho BS + go see a Dr, seeking help isn't weakness. AMEN to that!
flag day is my favorite day of the year.
I love how people are so mature.. like calling me on blocked number and making up a song about how ugly I am.. really sweet.
you did your thang tonight episode of Glee! you killed it! GO AMBER!!! Wooot! lol =D
Just one day left in our latest giveaway! Have you entered?
he has been haxed
Beat sundays
Happy Hump Day to all the sports fans out there...Go SoX, Go Hawks, Go Packers ( Sept 9th ) Bears & cubs can go to Hell : )
ambition gets me goin
Ok. Is that what he is looking at
this cant be happeningg... we will try to do whatever we can to get you there
I found some really great deals on apartments
I'm assuming you will be relieving of his duties?
#cq5 rte is wrapping everything in <p> which is resulting in <p><p>abc</p>...</p> which is messing up output in IE7 which suppresses abc
My 3001 tweet goes to and I love you guys!!!!<33
I think you mean OMG AN EPIC UPDATE!!!!!!
ITS 11:11 I WISH THAT AUSTIN WILL COME TO CHICAGO!(:<U+E022>
No idea but I like it
love in the time of chai rooibos
We get it its friday !
Just voted for Megatron on the next Madden case
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving weekend!
Torturous Thursday was amazing tonight! The club was packed & everyone had a blast at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!
ohw so u must be happy :P LOL no tiution even
the big homie told us fans that you would to do a song with ja rule that would be unfair niggas ain't for that!
all my fantasy running backs that weren't already injured got injured in the first quarter this week. fair warning to the replacements i get
If the New Jersey Devils don't win tomorrow, it will be hard to deny the likelihood of a New York-LA mega-market Stanley Cup Finals clash.
way to go girlfriend!!
No school today.Gunna work on music,project.I really wanna talk to my babe thoe!:/
going to with $240? I think so.
yes it is!
Good morning tweeps!! So what are ur goals for the day? What will you accomplish, overcome or begin? It starts with a single step...
Nauseous from lactate threshold work in 5:30am spin class + just scuffed my new fave knee-high boots. Day not starting out so hot.
Loved being a redhead and found it oddly appropriate to return to blonde on St. Patrick's. Raises a glass of green:)
Not sure? Not watching tv right now
#jealoushands has become my default morning album. I just wonder: will come to TX?
Something the Big Apple always me feel like a kid!
Man. That just messed everything up -.-
Win a trip for 2 to Cabo San Lucas for shopping at LUCKeSHOPPER!
Cool thx! I looked at that but couldn't quite tell w/out signing up
thanks should be fun. how are you?
": or in a tire in the back of a pick up.. What? Hahahahahahahahahaha." lol, no. Never again.
which team set this one up? Or does it only go to the office pot and not benefit one of the teams?
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat. Jean-Paul Sartre
My dawg chuck brown with the pick 6
Still hearing it all before
Good work!!!! Keep it up
Also clever: the 'get a job, loser' comments about people with screwed up commutes by protestors. Glad to see you worked your butt off!
Dint like Indiana but nice dunk victor :)
thank you SO MUCH! for taking the time to read my novel and also to let me know that you liked it. Much appreciated.
i love women how could a nig b gay
Okie Dokie scores a TD to make things interesting in the desert.
What is a paradox? Can't google right now.
"Forth in Thy Name, O Lord" is UMH 438, but set to DUKE STREET, not ROCKINGHAM.
"I'm sorry but I DON'T speak retard."
What's happening this week?! Monday, finally, a student in an shirt. Today, finally, Is everyone getting smarter?
But you never know where that heart has been, and we'll never know how hard it's been.
thanks
I like the research! Eager to learn results. But funded by tax $ is terrible, esp in this econ! Why not get $ from VC? BigPharma?
Watching the doors
Almost got in trouble with the law ;) yolo
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 12
I'd like to enjoy the sunshine and high temperatures, but weird weather makes me nervous.
I Know I Spelled That Word Wrong, Was Rushing, lol
I love the Etrade baby
Oh gosh, thanks. We should gig again. Give us a holla. :)
Great job showing up today #packers. Remember how bad this feels, and come back stronger
RT THIS IF YOU EVER NOTICED AUSTINS BABY SMOOTH ARMPITS
I will know the minuete sees my DM lol
Jose Canseco's fake Twitter is done? This may be the saddest moment of my life. I'm done with Twitter. Done. Wait, that shit was real?
Let's be honest...the only hope Purdue has going in to Assembly Hall is that they aren't ranked...but I still believe!
save the date. more info to come.
Watching France vs. USA (Semifinals) on
Our 50% off Spa Tech ORC contest is over. Thanx for playing! The "LIkes" are in. One lucky winner TBA July 13. Stay tuned!
Why do I hear five-year olds yelling "Let's Go Yankees" on my Orioles broadcast?
Sleep is going to have to become a priority sometime in the near future
That is one of the requirements. :)
When did the Penguins become the Canucks? Hair pulling really???
Look What You've Done - Drake
i wish i could believe it but i just cant.
Do you have relatives in Texas, Pennsylvania, Maine, or Maryland?
are you serious?o:
it was a great way to end the meeting!
another good band that i love besides paramore nd three days grace
Fuck that damn bitch cop.... Yes I said ir
yes please! :D ps what happened with our secret?! it never happened! haha
If u want a hashback than u better get ur cash back...dont let me in bahahhahah insider
NC State line.. Thank God.
Love it. RT : I would rather set fire to my own face. RT : Help us grow our base. Encourage others to join us.
Do not anxiously expect what is not yet come; Except for Joe Buck ruining baseball broadcasts - which comes every year.
I never though redoing our own website could be so challenging! Hard to please yourself visually when you already done it so many times...
Cant ever sleep at night.. I hate thia
Yep - I grabbed a glass mixing bowl (pondering including a metal OXO bowl), two small white bowls, and two scoops.
so who gets OC?
Positive thoughts & Prayers to everyone in Japan ~ never easy to see the effects of Natural Disasters/Events.
Three cheers for authority (but not authoritarian) control in social media.
I can support t' effectiveness of said pink pill, she was contemplating her gusset in t' loo 4 15mins afterwards
was tonight?? Oh no! I thought it was tomorrow! What am I gonna do on the real #stpaddaysday?!
congrats on your win!
you mean the library? What was the holdup?
Tomorrow is his birthday <\3 I miss you dominick..
totally forgot your NOT the one haha bitch you are NOTHIN
The Defy Words tour coming to a school near you! Proud of my girl!
quick question, you really a Bulls fan? or do you just like the apparel? I'm serious, because if you are a fan thats awesome.
Hope your #WastelessWed *was* a goodie! ;)
What's the food plan tonight everyone?
ready for your presentation.
After 5 seasons, #UT women's b-ball coach Gail Goestenkors has resigned. Goestenkors led Texas to 5 NCAA tournaments & a 102-64 record.
You had to bring your bearded dragon to the grocery store, on your shoulder? Really?
Watching NFLN's America's Game the 1974 Steelers. It was when the game was allowed to be football.
Today the #vonlee smells like hot wings. I prefer the pizza in the stairway and occasional bacon in the bathroom, though.
#WhyDoiAlways Fall for people that don't like me..
#Congress: “#Afterschool programs are important to a child’s growth and development as an individual.”–Natalie
Like one...sleeveless lol": you own shirts anymore? Lol"
Becky and Pam are great. I hope that the conversation was fruitful.
alright! Hold on I'll ask chris
btw, I happen to be leaning No on 23 and hoping Meg wins for temporary suspension.
Sometimes I wish my friends didn't know I had money/:
The Lumineers came out last week. Pretty good neo-folk stuff a la Mumford, Ed Sharpe, Of Monsters & Men
Thanks for following! We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks. Looking forward to connecting!
thank you :)
#FF Some of the folks I met with in Austin this week:
Any Facebook integration coming?
I'm sending your shoes with Dad
Temperatures already near 50. Expect to see them reach close to 60. Sunny skies will remain through tomorrow.
come back to us in one piece and ready to party! love and miss you! be safe.
grindin' independently until management comes
people suck sometimes. love you dena, stay strong. :)
Well-thanks Mark for kind words. That was mighty sweet of ya! :)
I'm on here to reveal my unique style beats ad make friends along the way.
should have, but my brother-in-law was graduating from the police academy. It was the smiley dinner spot.
thanls for being such an inspiration to me!! Totally loving my copy of #NEVERSAYNEVER love you so so so much!!
Don't ask my why I'm having a bad day, ask me how you can help
Proud! Stayed in my #WW points today :)
where do u get ur info? Tea-party hand-outs? U can choose ur own providers under Obama plan. U shud get ur facts straight
Happy Friday Beautiful People #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
Webster , TX!! We are performing at Radiation Productions tonight! Doors at 6:30!! #NYTF TOUR!
After my tweet, Benzema is replaced. ha ha. Higuain, another player that relies on luck for the ball to go inside the net. #madrid1-0 Getafe
Sorry! Didn't realize computer was signed into Tod's acct--it was me replying :)
Hey hey E, what's happening in LI? We finally got some nice weather here in Seattle, it's been COLD
Halftime: #Hawks 40, #Celtics 40. Atlanta outscored Boston, 25-19, in second quarter. Paul Pierce: 9 points. Joe Johnson: 11 points.
tweet tweet! flitting about the twittersphere.
#weallhavethatonefriend thats a best friend and has a a billion secret handshakes and a secret friendship journal with you!!:D
ur right. That's y I couldn't understand y every1 wanted the Hawks to play them first.
RT : I just put in my order for my shirt for Shampoo June 11th..I hope its here in time< it sure will be!
I miss campaigns sometimes MT : 55 Obama 2012 staff&1 coach bus blasting Don't Stop Till You Get Enough at 7:30AM
I got that Direction Infection!(:
Yup, I can see how smearing oneself with crocodile dung would be a good contraceptive. :)
There was a fight. Well, more like a guy punched another guy and that was it cos a teacher broke it up before it got serious.
#wow hot yoga is damn intense; but it helps relieve #sales stress.
Work is so busy :(
Day off tomorrow. I can't wait to sleep late...
Y can't I breathe whenever I think you why can't I speak about whenever I talk about you? <3
I feel like when he moves, the time doesnt
Should start seeing cases again by the end of this week...
im drinkin some cool blue gatorade right meow ;)
This a small city I tell u smh
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers. He will be deeply missed.
Would you just look at it?
Hahaha said Tiger is off to a "steady" start. She is as condescending as she is incompetent. On TV and in person.
Great game! Even better game considering The Patriots & Tom Brady lost.
“: 'I like Baggage..It helps me carry my things.'”y u so weird
Hear the world around you / without identifying sources. // Free from names, sounds reveal mystery.
No clue. I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :)
Ha! RT : ": Needed that LeBald." Who's making the LeBald t shirts for game 3? Maybe ?
Don't forget! Tomorrow at 6pm, SLIS Colloquium Series: Mr. David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States, McMahon Hall, Room 200
No DOUBT!
Agreed to a degree. I think her work at-large is unknown, and that's so her: humble confidence, secretly incredible.
That might just have been your vagina..
Yes X-fest is all ages!
The USA ANC Centenary Committee& HURSAP is currently hosting the #Republic of South Africa, Minister of Arts and Culture!
My initials are trending! K.G! :D
we had a dope weekend.
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday! Everybody's looking forward to the weekend... so i can SLEEP!! :)
if you're on campus you can stop by now in the lobby in LeFavour cash only - or you can wait until next Tues. Weds in MBC
follow and please :D x7
Computer is down for a bit. Only posting from phone so will be limited.
I know that was an innuendo!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 5
Most two-year-olds aren't as advanced as dogs when it comes to following the mail (sadly).
I ask a more appropriate question. Do people think?
I went to ur concert today and I'm goig again tomorrow!!! Follow ??? Pwetty please and I'll get soundcheck passes
"Jonas Brothers are lame." WHAT! Oh hell to the no! Hold my banana! Bitch, don't test me!
RT : “Kids don’t know about best sellers. They go for what they enjoy... It’s why I like them.” -Maurice Sendak
What Is Bioethics? Part 1 of 2
Come to #RECon12 TweetUp Sun May 20 at 4pm at the Social Media Pavilion. You can enter to win free Wi-Fi service for a yr from
i hate when ppl " retweet " my shid & they not even following me . .
anybody else wanna be in the story ? Madison & Mikey are left [:
“: FILL IN THE BLANK CONTEST The last time the Knicks won a playoff game...” I still had a pager
Good Point!
I just wanna be alonee..
thats the idea: a childhood of go-sees. Since college is for douchebags anyway
more bks...Man's Search for Meaning, The Upstairs Room, Boy in the Striped pajamas. Hope you enjoy! best, felice
Congratulations to Casey Anthony for getting rich with book deals, interviews, and appearances. I can't wait until she's on Celebrity Rehab.
"A Tale of A City"
Stopped by today. Thanks for the big color swatches - can't live without them!
Happy Easter to you too buddy! As of now I do not... What are you thinking about doing tomorrow?!
Me & slept basically the whole bus ride
no, I'm a dumbass and forgot my binder in my locker -.- lol.
Casa Morada Facebook contest starts today!
So ready for some vino and watching comedy 2night w/my bf
Looking for Comic-Con news? AT&T quadrupled their capacity for the conference. Want to know more? Email me: .
my thunder and pacers better go far this time.
"It doesn't look like much, but it's home." (Jonas Blane aka Dennis Haysbert on The Unit)
#How2Tarot Our online #Tarot reading lets you use reversals - these can show you cards where more attention is needed or a new perspective.
Warm, beautiful sunny day here in Miami..... Sorry, Mom! (shes in the Bronx)
no it was funny
Glad you enjoyed it!
evenin'! Are you guys used to the time change now?
...the road less traveled.
Why show Swish "spitting" on the bench...please dont!
The writing sessions for the all new KHB project continue tonight! There are great things in store for your eyes and ears! Please stay tuned
No matter what they say, I'm not over you.
Sleep tight
how is it not 5 p.m. yet?
I know! I am cracking up at how weird they are!
A Melodic Minor scale played from he 7th degree is called an Altered Scale. Played over a Dominant 7th chord sounds groovy!
no school today or monday #fourdayweekend #yes :)
Why oh why did I bring a candy bar as a snack? Only worse decision on a day like today would have been to bring milk.
good to hear =]
Looking for a great new read for 2011? Try the poignant #ElizasFreedomRoad, illustrated by , pub by
SO excited to meet & tomorrow for drinks at a stranger's house! Bad idea? Hm....
well yes it does. Maybe more than a little.
“: Just played: I Thing She Digs Me - The Connection - Seven Nights to Rock(self-released)” <-- Thanks!!
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin
man really? To tired to be looking for something lol.. jeeezzzzz lol
RT : When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. Every time.
as in tomorrow? Saturday?
that's because you're leading!
I need some WD40 on my office chair. The squiking is driving me insane!
My parents said I couldn't go because it's so far away, so I'm sneeking in. YOLO.
Voters have become, basically, spoiled children. Last two elections about showing politicians who is boss. Guess what? They are.
The Self witnesses all activities at the physical, mental and intellectual levels without getting itself involved or affected by them.
I'm out that way. Capitol and calhoun area
like the walks since yuni last walk stat. Thanks
Am thankful for thanksgiving and the giving of thankfulness.
Once my mom yelled at me for leaving my board out and I used the "It's not like it'll shit on the rug" line. Just once.
This team in in total free fall. 9-16 since 11-2 start, lost 6 games versus the Giants in a week! Bullpen a mess and no hitting
wow that's great sis your online how you doing
no high school football?
Southwestern College Concert Choir Misa Azteca set to perform on Friday, May 4 from 7:30 to 9 p.m. at Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo!...
Just another day in paradise man! Yeah wish I could've had a sweet pad like that growing up.
There's only 1 rule. I will not lose
What are you doing up right now?
thanks for the follow
and Did you? what happened?
#BOYFRIENDReview beautiful and sexy
Going to the L.A. Opera performance of "La Traviata" with my daughter, Gianna.
Our utility room is our new woodshed. Paddles on the wall & a bench near the logs & charcoal. "Drop your drawers, young man."
Hey why Why WHY am I just now finding out that the word swag is IN YOUR NAME!?!? Would've made a good Super Bowl Commercial.
I really enjoyed it. Not nearly as cheesy as I expected. Good love story.
come out of the closet !!! and i don't been like that hahaha
Why is the #Cabudget PDF document encrypted or locked to disallow copying?
Medical Billing and Coding Salary in Texas | Technician Salary
lmbo @ "bake pies" !
Thanks for the RT! Our new Explore Baltimore Heritage website will be joined by a smartphone app in the next week or two.
I super heart you
sounds like my kind of night! :-)
u r missing this shit
Was at Walmart and was helped by an 80 year old white lady named La Wanda.
is launching our first blog soon! Stay tuned!
And here I took you for Tom Cruise circa 1986. I had u pegged all wrong!
assumption 3: huge shifts in content. Content for any one course could be an unbounded database. Boettcher
Oh my. Sounds fun and yummy. The refreshments are Lewis Carroll inspired, I'm sure. Tea sandwiches and hookahs?
starving ugh ugh ugh
#WSULawSBClinic Junction Small Bus Cntr 2nd Friday each month, help w biz formation and contracts visit Friday or call 577 9429
LOL! Don't die now, he's got more to come “: If Adam did Underneath at these sessions, I need to make sure my will is in order.”
Dodgers lost already<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> let's see what the Lake show has
Save the date: June 28, 2011 at 12pm PST. Release of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep. 1 starring Eric Roberts. Join the mailing list for info!
“: My new avatar is good, but it makes me want to _______.” eat for breakfast
What a cool girl! ;) RT : everyone should give a listen to.
COME TO GERMANY! :'( <33333
that is the worse reason ever!!!!!! >=[
No celebrity jeopardy is a fail
Can't wait for tomorrow!(:
Here with Mark from Regime Entertainment at the music expo at the W Hotel in Hollywood. Lots of people and fun!!!
I'm takin a break on black chick I want a white girl
it can! juggling a super busy work week,an H and a 3 year old makes me thankful for online shopping! And free returns!
Only time thugs get religous or spiritual is when the going or coming from jail. Stay j pieced up though and cant forget prayer hands..
I wasn't aware I had any real choice.
If you received a holiday voxbox invite from Influenster, make sure to RSVP before the end of the day (Saturday Dec. 3rd)!!!
The last time UK football went an entire season without playing at least 1 ranked SEC opponent was 1979.
hahah i know, right. its awesome to hang out with people from so many diff places at once
Yes! The Suns are going to make the playoffs!
Contact has been made. I await your reply.
Apparently, Mr. Romney has an incredible amount to #streetcred .
Kristina is awesome (: I'm so happy she's ungrounded
#SignsYouCantTwerk; you're wearing a pair of 'Miss Me' jeans.
I can barely afford to fill up my tank! $4.19 a gallon!!
OH: Originality is just a lack of information.
We might just take you up on that.
thank you for that
This right here is my swag. (;
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I post up.
If I move too fast, I might leave u in the past
18 pounds of freshly made cookie dough in the fridge. Dear God, what have I done?
where are the hardware folks speaking out against #sopa? this ip/domain business would effect folks like wouldn't it?
my pleasure and happy new year. Hopefully we'll be in Memphis sooner than later.
you're sweet. I'm speaking at a church in round rock at 10am. You should come out!
In love with her tweets are incredibly sincere and make me feel very good.
going to be the best weekend of my life
Our prayers are with you and your family. #Love4Trayvon &
Or it might be My Buckets Got A Hole In It..lol. One or the other :-)
Okay its official I have anger issues.
Really rethinking about working for 6 hours in the middle of a Saturday
lmao girl u betta b going to church today:)
i plug my phone to my laptop so it can charge and the battery died faster alright
it's sad to say "I hope someone great grabs Kevin Love so we can see his real potential" ie a big market purchase!
Gotta retweet - love what I heard, please contact me if you can - would love a copy for my blog!
Thanks for caring , those stairs were "steep"
I will be next week!
#sxsw on the brain...time to start racking up those rsvps!!
text me(:
any of them require needing a house sitter in cape cod? sincerely, intern with no place to live yet
Follow me to the #TheKappa tonight Austin Music Hall - 208 NUECES
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : Murder at USC? So excited for the safety questions at the admission center -__-
will do!
Because you live in Ft. Wayne. They're on rotation on Your beer is as cheap as your radio stations.
i ate chips and still completely hungry
hahaha ;) girl we is to lucky . Our class has gotten gipped out of everything !! Finally something is working out for us :D shot
Yay! You wanna join us!?
Best. Bathrooms. Ever.... Seriously.
shut up lol
at least you're honest and sticking w/what you know! Lol
Business owners, if you are not too familiar with blogs and have questions make sure to check out the new addition to our Field Guide....
how fun it must be to be a manager :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
Let's go Yankees!
Thanks for making my phone go crazy <3
Glad you liked it :)
RT Got my iphone taken away. After skool i have sumthang 2 tell ya. Off to skool i go
I can't keep up with all the good stuff chad is saying.
we're always open to hearing what you'd like to see…
depends what kind of food you have...
When that mosquito flys past your head and you already know it bit you bout a million times already
Incahoots tonight or stay in and play Diablo 3, decisions decisions
who the fuck is that
I hate mornings
We are also thankful for the hard work of and ! And of course all our other community partners!
looking forward to the blues game, not long now
Me wearing heels to work has to be the most comical thing I can do. Laugh on, coworkers!
Okaay.. I love music. :)
no text. #suckyfriend that's all I'm done! No mas amigos Rachachacha
You looked nice today.
last vb practice till the new year! got each of the girls a little something for the holidays :)
Great big way to kick off #ThirsyThursday Magnum of the Month 2006 NV Cabernet Sauvignon...3 set/$89. Cheers for that!
Walk of shame, fml
I uploaded my integrity to the cloud so I can access it anytime I need it.
yeah! our school has 180 days uhh! I dislike our director (dont you Aleks??) :DD and hau? Do you like yours?
GIMME LOVE
butcher and singer?
next stop...TINSELTOWN...cause christmas decorations are really cheap this time of year...
that's funny ;) Love your posts so far.
Much love! :)
heh, again actually. Damn CNN who the hell cares about her custody battle?
You lie to me and that's it for ya. This ain't baseball. Most people get one strike from me
no prob, Bob! Let's put our heads together on another event in September that we can pow-wow on for some practice.
Hosting a preschool jam on Tues., Mar. 15th with an eclectic taste: tabla drums and dances from India.
I keep my trent hand strong
brotha man! You bounce clubs right?
Yes - so many connections! And truly, 21st c education should be all about connections
thanks for the follow! Love you! Followed back! =) <3
I vote for buttercream icing for the cake!!!!!!
Welcome to Twitter & thx for following! Be sure to check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr & graphic design!
It's Friday...
at least I'm going to be earning my money.
Great to see everyone! “: At the new Sobelmans with the Warrior crew! CC ”
Coldplay Good for The Heart Music. #np the scientist
Why is it that when you can't eat there are so many TV commercials for food?
I truly hope I never have another reason to use the "pencil" you got me :) #SOBCon (and thanks again)
Huge THANK YOU to BOK Center for donating tickets to Oilers games and Harlem Globetrotters for our youth!
My best friends dads birthday party: Homemade slavadorian food, all the tequila imaginable, and a mariachi band. Absolute awesomeness!
#Stat: Craft #brewers provide about 103,585 #jobs in the US, including serving staff in brewpubs. RT if you love craft brewers!
email me! . I have dates in April and May :)
Check this salsa magazine in germany: salsa_forum
That awkward moment when you have to make up an excuse not to hang out with someone because you'd rather chill at home.
If I could eat anything I wanted right now, it would be Trader Joes Tabbouli but there are no Trader Joes near me.
r u coming to sf? Much less depressing here
RT : I'm The Boy Who Cried Workout.
The block below me does one most years, my block cant cause we are on a hill.
Look I'm doing the best I can with what I got. That should be well enuff for u
Who's up and ready for some #Bloomsday?
Definitely! You've started filming already?
I really enjoyed The Oscars! Proud of all the winners and nominees! Can't wait to follow in your footsteps as I hope to be nom'd one day!
I know I'm hoping he goes home soon. I just can't even deal with him!!!
RT 24hr Google Wave invite give away! 1000 invites! Follow & RT to get yours!
That's what I call a typo
Paul to the Clippers
At this rate I am averaging two and a half glasses of wine per episode of #TheWire. I can't do this all night
What is with this show #MyStrangeAddiction ? sex with his car???? WTF!
"Are you going back to the office?" "I don't think you understand what 'never' means."
Listening to the George of the Jungle theme song
If I look back, I am lost.
"It's night, again. Time for my mind to go wandering. Off on a journey, through space and time. In search of a face, I can never find."
sorry its late. Seriously Awesome work!
The admin stylesheets make me cry sometimes.
I'm not a TV junkie, but I am really loving #thewildwithin with I envy his connection with his food.
Leaving at 8am to go to the studio,..... hope you guys are ready for 2 new songs
" Leadership in govt is characterized by interaction, interdependency, mutual respect between politicians& admins"
anyone who follows me i will mention.
By the way gm everyone
“: If it's meant to be, we'll find our way, somehow.”
haha. I hope not.
"If you're wearing beats I feel bad for you son, they're worth 99 dollars and you look like a cunt."
Seems to be good so far now. Trying to upload a video to vimeo now, I'll let you know if it doesn't hold up. Thanks :-)
Who will eventually play the #Thunder in the 2nd round, & who has the best chance to beat them? That's who I want to advance.
he played well just wish they got the win
amen to that!!
2 things I miss: 1. When you used to ask me if I wanted any sauce 2. When you used to get orders correct.
Just walk away, Rickie.
Ramesh Srinivasan from ucla talking ab. the ways in which new media can help create new ways of working w/ collections and people.
I feel like your giving up, then you send me that :*
cut off power to We can work off-the-grid like #ows // #OBneeds solar, fuel cells, green solutions
Starting to car shop this wkend. Anyone have recommendations on make, model, or reputable sales person?
just got called out by #imasocialist #notacommunist!
I hate friigin Metro with a passion.. Just sayin.
I prefer the view in your apartment(pants) :-p
i love his song Quickie dat nigga go hard on dat junt
Hi Shaunna, what is your opinion of Sheryl Sandberg's work at Facebook? She is after all, the COO, which is a very powerful role.
thanks girl!
No ones afraid of heights, they're afraid of falling. No ones afraid of love, they're afraid of rejection.
hahaha!!!! No wonder the bitch ain't fixed this yet
Oh this person would be me perhaps??
Dear boyfriend, Your wallet was getting fat so I thought I'd take it out for some exercise. Sincerely, Girlfriend.
Off for a walk with Miss Khloe! Shooting for the 2.5 mile mark again-- though 3 might be in my future.
getting ready for the voice!
At least, that's what I used to use before it was blocked here. Been awhile, but was user friendly and simple.
follow and please! Hope you had a nice day:)
That being said... That "2 CHAINZ" chant is pretty catchy.
Mad Cow....it's what's for dinner
If KU pulls the upset, it will go down as one of the best games in recent memories. I'm hoping for an entertaining game. I'm sure it will be
nice day to play golf. to bad i'm working today.
Sat at 11am 30A Radio taping; 6pm joining song or two at Bud & Alley's; 7:30 pm Summer Kitchen.
love it!
I love you both. These next 4 months are going to KILL ME!!!!!
ahuahuahaua where are u going?
hahahaha aww she's so cute she would get excited about a birdie
when i was a kid a rubd ma cock on a turtl imma fukn freek
omg im about to get irritated!!! Hurry tf up!!
best year of my life candidate.
Love the idea. I think between Justified, Breaking Bad, and The Walking Dead - there are some great noir-ish shows on air right now.
But NeoCons would not stop with just #Zombies. All helpers would have to be dealt with!
Well, I hope he isn't last for your sake!
I know g that shit had me sleeping extra nice
you are a very talented young man. I look forward to meeting you in l a
choked so hard on that gig
No, not WORSE than Green Death NyQuil. But tastes almost EXACTLY like it. Zicam yields good results, but will stick w/ tablets.
that's bogus...
"Down among the cranks and the misfits and the one lungers and the might have beens and the would bes and the never will bes and the- cont.
sup ....im back down south ... You back in rdg
lol oh no you have homemade pizza and strawberryshortcake ---feel my waist line expanding as we are talking
goodmorning how you
Thanks to all who helped us reach our goal! I want 100 more!! Can we do it? Of course we can. We're Karaoke MVP!
tea leaves are foaming mad... the tea is being over taxed...
Why not?
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout V
If that were my option, I'd stay home!
& isabel if you wanna continue our friendship, you're gonna have to forget about william levy&root for <3. Kay? Kay :*
God damnit Why do we have to like each other so much?
no, but I now want a pair :)
Lewis and Clark Obama Watch Party! Here we go...
Not too much at all. Have a good B-day?
He was only in his 30's. I think that's why I was shocked. You could tell he adored her.
Im now over 5000 followers. Thnks for the support
idgaf hoe they are the make you skinny If it wasn't for the prunes you'd be bloated bitch!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
i freaking love !!!!
I can't, lol! RT : call box isn't working I'm outside!
“: U R teriffic!”thank you
You rise and you fall, and then you fall some more. Pick yourself back up, go back for more.
M&A Tip of the Day-A good way to test buyer seriousness is requesting a Letter of Intent (LOI)-it mentally commits all parties to the deal
u rock!
That's fake as fuck.
I really love this show. It makes me excited to trace my own family line:-)
This morning has been very productive. Go me!
Its really amazing outside. c:
Who's the loser watching Food Network and doing homework on St. Patrick's Day? THIS GUY!
I IS! WHY DO YOU ASK? :o
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away
thx for followin! Not sure on the date the romeo video will be out yet, but soon :)
Nobody gotta know and she was all into the kiss
Just want to work this out /:
Took a great class on script writing! Got to see a lot of what I learned from my director friend in practice.
#ThingsIdRatherHaveThanFlowers puppies, chocolate, icecream, beer, clothes, jewelry, massage, trip... basically anything...
So how is everyone on Tax Day? Any good news to share?
Omq I just had the worse dream ever.! I cant even sleep now im so scared
Jus another night
Came across a guy passed out at a party. Rather than draw dirty pictures on him with a marker, I woke him up & helped him get a ride home.
OK, people!.Today's the LAST DAY to vote for the lead actresses in a web series I'm producing. Visit www.whateverthesereis.com. Thanks!
It's not the 'principled obstructionism' as much as the total recalcitrance and lack of accommodation/compromise.
I just followed!!!(:
"Do You Remember the First Time" i went up to you and had the balls to talk to you at school C: god i will never forget that day! <3
By the end of the night I bet I will be conversing with Qui-Gon.
Less than one week from now........ Awesomeness. And stickers. Goodnight.
Isn't it cheating to call the #library for crossword puzzle answers? At least I got to school an elderly man on Amy Winehouse's rehab issues
i concur. families under increasing financial pressure , more children WILL B hurt
How yo fat ass gon order a # 1,2,3, and 4 then say you want a DIET coke ??? I dnt get it
that's excatly it your trying to make us believe there's something.there.
The #scientist #chipotle commercial was kind of cool
Ed sheeran was just on virgin radio i swear i had a heart attack almost
RT #JustRead A Sudden Country, by Karen Fisher--overall great, but characters hard to like and connect with.
Fuck stress, have sex.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Did you get what you wanted for Valentine's Day? Let us know!
I wonder if uconn or rutgers could score a td with no defense on the field? Both of these offenses are inept...that o45 looking terrible
RT : Spend more time studying your customers than reading the latest tech magazines says
EASY: Buying a seasonal item. DIFFICULT: Buying a seasonal item for a different season.
Hi Mr. Garrity, Will there be any type of re-cap for those who missed it and would like to know? If so, where might I find it?
Let's go team USA !
Where was your favorite place you visited, explored, or vacationed at in the world?
good idea!
I know/: I'm just really upset.
Mr. Schuester is way too attached to these kids. You're a teacher, you're not new, get over it.
Thanks for over 4,000 followers!
I hate them almost as much as I hate Matt Barnes' face. How you been fam
Do you teach your kids about social causes or charities?
where you @?
yes, I know good chiro. Email me.
Must get off my ass.
Cant help that i got an attitude, dont give me one and i wont be a bitch.
This weather is paradise right now
I just want to be out of here already.
iPhone chargers hate me.
its your machine :)
Does any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discus the Biggest Stories Online?
My coworker, who hates the Miami Heat says Chris Bosh just had his period!!! LMFAO!!!!
does it really matter which intern made the call? This happened under #mendoza so she's responsible. isnt she?
We can't wait to host your fantastic hat event!
Tried out Last.fm on the xbox 360 today... pretty sweet!
So…I guess that Durant/DRose finals matchup isn't happening this year. God. Damn. It.
Some people have strong feelings about direct copying. I say if it is fun do it, just make sure you have some orig stuff
for my birthday (august 15th) wish i wish that or will follow me :) :)
Brick sqaud goes hard
You've been warned “ Counting down to 's birthday. Just a few hours to go. Locking the doors and assembling weapons.”
Thank you! <3
Critique is analysis, design solutions are a creative process. The brain can not function in analysis and creative mode simultaneously
Also, a rap song about Jack in the Box is on it's way. xD Some super serious stuff y'all.
How r u, lady??
Thank you! I am on it indefinitely :-( #luckfupus and #fucklupus too!
I thinki have a nice frame
#alexandroberthavethebestswag it's true
me to.
did the beginning of your sentence interrupt the middle of someone elses again?
I broke my finger and got to go home!:p
Customers were pretty cool today. Except the dude on his "I don't want no black Nick Fury" rant. I hate it when the internet comes to work.
Oh boi, what a game the last Minute!!!! Rangers!! Rangers!!
Hmu when your ready for reality.
' My friend, send up before you all the good you can muster. After you die, friends, relatives and acquaintances will forget you sooner than
Brothers? Blake Shelton, Dale Earnhardt Jr and Josh Duhamel.
yum I wish I had thought of that while I was there ;)
Tomatometer Watch: Battleship People couldn't believe it when it was first announced but here we are, a movie adaptation of the Hasbro bo
Thanks! :D
Go online to NBC's website and support #teamblack Escape Routes. They awesome. Genuine guys!
Climbing Into your bed at night is the best feeling in the world.. :)
Yea how u doing
Don't forget... sponsor notes by Friday or else... well or else you won't be where you'll want to be on 04/18!
Do you ever think about if people actually want to talk on a bus??
The most productive thing I've done today was watch the new south park.
Oh what you botherin me for????
Because im sick of waking up every morning...
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention No makeup!
you got it brudar!
Thank you for encouraging our young techs to do something different in life! If you need help setting up the website, let us know!
Paul Pierce is feeling it right now. Joe Johnson doesn't know what's going on.
Watch my Film " Enemies Among Us" on Showtime yall!
I love California!!
MT : There goes a chunk of my childhood MT : Maurice Sendak dies, children's author who saw sometimes-dark side of childhood
Thx to our most loyal followers and RT'ers:
The NFL has the San Diego Chargers, why not the Los Angeles Lightning? Just keep the uniforms the same with a different helmet logo
people should think before they speak because they speak can hurt people
“: reading pride and prejudice and isn't it just 350 pages of riveting stuff” Yes!!
cant i get a follow of you. You rock on WWE.
fixed your piece o shit dodge neon do us all a favor and buy a saturn next time
punch drunk from all those rockets she stopped! She's gonna be dizzy for a while!
Friendly wales and dolphins in Malibu today :)
Rental Market Emerges as Housing's Bright Spot, Reported by Realtor Magazine Daily Real Estate News
THANK U FOR HAVING ME!!
How did Hellen Kellers parents punish her? Rearranging the furniture.
5 hours when you're ON the clock
You're in Nashville recruiting or looking for engineers to work in Nashville?
#IThankGod for all these hours at work so I can have that $$$ on my vacation days !
Does anybody know any details regarding the Night of Main Events 2? We're trying to decide on V.I.P or regular tickets.
When u put ur head down for a couple of seconds the u realize its time to go n u didn't even start ur test yep that just happened to me!!!!
Now we are debating something w/out evidence in either direction. In the realm of conspiracy, conspiracies are rarely true.
This is true ROAD UNIT support! RT : HELL YES!
And most likely even more huge for social.
17 jars of strawberry rhubarb jam, hot fudge, and 5 jars of pickles. it's been a productive day- i'm ready to be rapture'd now.
oi oi oi oi oi date???? I don't want my wax or remi to be a waste
Like I know where the hell I am!? Patience, young'un.
i aint no fuckin parody! This is a movement, bitch!
welcome!!! thanks for following me as well :D nice to meet ya!
RT : "You don't want to be on [Murdoch's] wrong side, because he'll kill ya with headlines."
World Series by 2013
.. Lmao I none remember that
what are they delivering?
I believe I can say with a high degree of certainty that City Cafe is my favorite breakfast spot in Houston, unpretentious & fresh.
Are all directioners on there period? Some of them insult the US, I mean come on calling us losers? Go swim in a shark tank you bloody bitch
YES YOU DID. Stop lying!
Food Fact of the Day: April 30, 1988 McDonald's announced it will open 20 Moscow restaurants. They serve Bolshoi Mak instead of Big Macs.
Hahaha yes, highly appreciated! Thanks :)
If pigs had wings, that would be SO not okay.
should tour and bring his cute ass baack to texas, baby. :)
ok quit begging... Sound like a fat kid... ugh daddy uggh can ugh have some cake...
); they not coming to Jacksonville ....
Our retro patio party is fixin' to start in just a few minutes! Can't wait to rock out to the 70s vibe - hope you'll be there!
Um. is kinda killing it in Austin.
I'm sure it was well worth your time and the trip up here for a pair of $40 cleats
I love Bob Dylan.
Ohmygod. When Lucas said that people were calling him gay and that made him feel bad... That's so sad! He's only 9.
Whoo Hooo! everyone follow her plzz! she deserves it! :)
2 things that will brighten up this #rainy #Boston day? Making #meatballs & catching up on wld be proud.
judging by your tweets sounds like you're having my kinda morning.
Be known for pleasing others, espcecially if you govern them
LA better not fuck up again
i hope my mommy goes tonight. call her up tor! she needs a talkin' to!
I disagree... they hurt. They just font hurts as much because we are realistic
This may be the most boring movie ever.
good morning Jason(: i hope you have a good day !
Only if the angle b/w where Latos is standing, Leake is standing, and where they're throwing is 90°; maybe?
Great job tonight!! RT : gets nice applause.
I HAVE NO PEPPERS IN MY POCKETS!!!
Kobe bout to blow this damn game man
Text Me ?
Hahaha YES WE CAN! I wanna be involved in this celebration </3
Suprised Kim got the 100k. Best player by far but didn't think she was likeable. Then again not many of them were this season
Watching the video of the parade in my office. Had to turn off volume being grumpy Pats fan Bossman is back from Indy! EEk!
Felix vs. Wilks. Good test. Bring some bats against a Seattle team that knows how to hit in Comerica.
What a horseshit call.
Watching Titanic(:
Stop by Grove this weekend & pick up some Traminette for Turkey Day. Free tastings, new releases, $3 glasses & 20% off all Traminette wines.
Its no reason yu should act your sibling age when yu older, teach them how to act hell yu done been there before
CD release show TMW NIGHT! Can't wait to see you all there!
Yeah, that 10-loop combo might take a while to work up to. Congrats on the shot though, that's awesome.
Those boys love saying the President is lying.
Today is crawling by at a snail's pace...
To the hoop , strong everytime. Take it to the basket men.....good things happen
I love college football! Great game #TCU #Boise, great win
Sixty years ago today, Jan 26th 1950, India declared itself a Sovereign Democratic Republic. Happy 60th Republic Day – INDIA!
court date skip trial
got mad at my parents for making me get a job becuase i worked during prime wing night hours, SO I GET SARKU NOW heheheh
I love texting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Janet Jackson Unveils Slimmer Body in NutriSystem Ads - IndiaGlitz
Missing Kombucha Bklyn since I left NYC! According to #ChineseMed kombucha enhances immunity and digestion.
They're quite large, aren't they? I'm even overwhelmed when I go down there. They seem to add lanes every time I'm away. :)
Meant mic, not mike
A #Virgo is annoyingly good at everything. No matter how much people hate on them a Virgo will always make sure to get the job done."
The flatbread includes parmesan, mozzarella, goat and blue cheeses. Enjoy!
is off to a potluck networking group with a lopsided fritata. How come the perfect dish I made for just us can never be replicated?
In the theater waiting for #Avengers to start. This is the culmination of 5.5 years of waiting...Avengers Assemble!
Very cool. :)
What's a good site for creating an online portfolio?
Wana go tommorrow? me and some friends are going tommorrow to see think like a man
big big storm in port allen , LA...biggest 1 I've been in years
Things are slowly changing <3
oh no! Tell us you were at least able to catch the show?!?!
Did it just for YOU LOVE! <3
2nights spotlight segment - talk music & how to avoid working full time for a quarter century. 1am after SNL on
This is our concern, dude
Ick my friend discovered a cricket in her sandwich at lunch today.... So gross. Still feel squeamish from seeing it.
hey girl! any new piercings coming? miss the ears. ever wear em all for $hits and giggles?
Watching "War Horse"
great since i woke up to the news that #PutYourHeartsUp is now on iTunes!!!
On TUesday Aug 7th wrestling will once again be at the Warren County fair. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Except you--come visit!
I'm out on the lawn watching a hundred typewriters soaked in green paint.
Something does NOT feel right....
I'm on the bandwagon. The new record is pretty great.
Guess it's time to head out! Later Twitter!!
The new website will be up by October 1, 2011! We will have listings for every dealership at Thousand Oaks Auto Mall with discounts coming!
daniel likes to say it was "before my time"
just a tweet good night from you would rock my night
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Hooray! Was it The One?
WB I-70 NOW CLOSED fr Goodland, KS to Denver. No vacancies in hotels.
How come you're not a Sacramento fan?!
Cool ! are you gonna be at school Monday <U+FF1F>
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people's judgmental views about christians, no it does not make you a boring weirdo that dresses like a nun
back from south africa and another wonderful trip. if you go visit manchester mansions in cape town and kapama game reserve in kruger.
hey tweeters. just remember. on the other hand, you have different fingers! Happy Birthday to Lucille Ball and Nephew Joshua! Great party!
aw, woke up to a reply from Bryan Stars of hearts=) made my week.
Ferrsure man thats the way to do it !!
In this situation it's better when I expect less, WAY less
Don't be haten on the weaker fellas today
How do letters ever get where they're going when they're stationary?
How are you gonna ignore me, and pretend you don't care about me, when i remember not to long ago you said you loved me..
:) pretty much, yes!
The usual this weekend - party, trouble, women. Set for Ireland in Aug, should be having some fun in Chicago and Iowa this Summer.
20th Century Cincinnati the vintage modern goodies show is at the Sharonville Convention Center this weekend. Retro groovy man!
Twitter, have a great weekend.
Jazz vinyl records from the 50s --> happiness! :-)
hahaha ill testify
Going to elmwood fitness center later!
Good Morning All!!! Feeling good today...n
Thank you for sharing!
No doubt. Gotta represent mah #Fringe love. You?
Spurs take the lead. Let's go!
Greys Anatomy renewed for another two seasons
hey Surplus! Love ya!
OMG haha I definitely don't see it :p
Happy Birthday!
the new series "Shameless" is awesome!!
is #Following back : #Thanks very much & nice to tweet you ;))
Eating at a steakhouse makes me feel like and American
“: If its not Positive it's not relevant!” true:)
For u to take up arms for a fellow artist, is the most honorable act I've heard about. Rah, u awesome luv
Man finds dinosaur bone in garden - Sky News Australia
Its a great day for a paddle and some beach time!
Landed there are few more beautiful cities to fly into!
Playlist here in foggy is on point. Seriously. Ridic.
Seriously, NBC, this is such a non issue: #keepcommunity and 30 Rock - CANCEL WHITNEY. Why aren't I an exec there yet?!
LMFAO ": let me tweet ya from my bath tub #RevRun"
Has Jersey ever changed its license plate color from that piss stain yellow?
Shun Lee based. Opera bound.
Hey everyone! Please take a sec and tweet and tell them to put me on the show ;) id greatly appreciate it!
Sellers will go where the buyers are.
It will be good radio. So will you let me send you my credentials.
okay good cuz I was pretty mad!
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Just got to the shoot location.. It's at a place called Deja Vu... Yes it's a gentleman's club.. This should be interesting
- U were right, a QB was in order in DEN. as a Bronco is awesome. He's now the best RB on DEN's roster. Gr8 2 C!
Follow me ! <3 im a big fan . i drove all the way to the post office to give you a birthday card ! heheh. <3
MUSIC NOTES: WOWEE THAT *FOXY SHAZAM* WORKING THE QUEEN STARTER KIT LI'L BIT THERE LI'L BIT
lol yes while I'm smiling and waving <U+E412><U+E404>
yes they are children's place. Gotta love those superheroes. They keep me grounded!
Always wanted to see fisherspooner! Who can get me into their show tonight?
I don't always workout... Oh wait yeah I do
8:35. Where do you live at?
Preview Day! Preview Day! Happy to host so many prospective students and families on campus today! YAY Preview Day!
RT : #ILSHRM board is seeking a Membership Dir-Interested volunteers contact Donna Rogers at JD & Resources...
I'm hungry son
fun night with my new friends :)
I don't Love her anymore......There, I said It!
Did I forget to mention this is where the doors lift up!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-38
havent sang in a while :)
Made it to fish
Perfect Night! RT : Great ride tonight w/ beautiful night in
Friday happy hour!! Cheers!
thanks for the support, stacey. hoping this will go away very quickly
Hi guys, Im writing that piece on coworking for a mag (will tell u more in person) + wd love to come spend a day at GPCW. 4/16 ok?
That's magnificent!
I just can't think or function that early. I think if I slept better at night, maybe.
“ I have never exp more retail frustration than at Toys R Us/Babies R Us. Actively hostile employees.”#dirtybathrm too
you didn't say what the job was
yes! Looks like super sexy!! <3
Dinner at Madeo. So classy and delicious. LA at its finest
Hey gorgeous how you been>?
Some peoples immaturity really pisses me off. I'm glad I've got my shit together.
i come
We hear you! Were you able to get help?
'bout to play baby dollz with my cousin YAYYY!!!!!
Things on our band member's minds: Rent, practice, Chipotle, Relay Recording, mixing, album art, Chipotle, beer, girls, Chipotle (extra chz)
Great to see today. Had a blast talking hoops. One of the good guys in coaching.
it's taking WAY to long until the Mint show!
RT Defense: Huguely held Yeardley down, they fell to the floor. The wall played no role.
To beautiful of a day to be inside writing! Maybe I should have been a ditch digger.
Found bday outfit had fun wit my sistas raven & love I love yall!
haha thanks :D and thats whats up! Hope you enjoyed them :)
hoes be quiet
Chemical agents causing violent sneezing fit are released inside my apt and contained areas like buses and classroom who does this???
What Hilary Rosen said about Ann Romney is correct. She should NOT have to apologize. Look at her hubby's track record on women.
skate boy was good but you should've had on there...it didnt feel COMPLETE (everyone RT IF YOU AGREE)
Seeking candidates with experience in a law firm records department. Great growth opportunity available in large firm in San Diego!
Come too Aj bomber and get a free peanut bomb. Heck yes
oh :S yeah i get it :/ what did you do ?!
RIP--finally--Barnabas Collins. Will miss Jonathan Frid!
"Masterpiece" great student film. We need to knock the edges off what is possible. The question is not why, rather why not?
Why does everything always have to be so complicated..
Your first problem is being mad at god...
I remain convinced that the only people who can gracefully sprint in stilettos are prostitutes.
Definitely into 's performance at the right now.
I don't know...I'm kind of remembering the crumbly desserts fondly
Thanx for a wonderful night #SFCFarm2Plate, , we're already looking forward to next year!
it was shaking, never doing that again
good studio session... gotta get back up in 3 hrs
got officially certified in handguns with the NRA!
Andy of you guys using ? We hear they're pretty darn cool.
I've managed to get down to 205 from 225. good job!
I've decided that I'm going I learn the entire Britney catalog for my karaoke nights. A Britney specialist, if you will.
People that take forever to answer<<
Watching Aladdin was my favorite thing to do as a kid :)
whats up with these fail or win tweets?
It's a behavioral thing---I struggle to live---you look at your watch.
If it were easy everyone would do it
Couch tour begins now!!!
congradulations mommy for still having all the pieces eight and a half years later..
O.o u live there?
One.two.three.four.five.six.seven.eight.nine.ten whooooaahh.! Almost lost it -__-
Such an easy lick smh
Good morning!!! Omw to school :P
I'll be biking around, not walking. Gotta have my wits. Plus, I ain't got none :-\
Thanks, we really appreciate it!
Thinking of skipping my St. Patty's day green today and wearing my #aztec red & black!!
After i finish this ima clean the kitchen then take a long shower
- You rock! Thanks for taking time out to answer the phones at #MixCares4Kids Radiothon!
Been listening to 's mixtape all week
I agree...get that in more bars
lol who needs furniture? So when are you planning your own #collegehouseparty I know and I will come
Fuck it going to start living everyday like its my last
First corporate gig on Wednesday!
Definitely excited about the yellows too, are they metallic, matte, etc.? #envelopments_011711 Lots of purples and teals coming up for us.
the copyeditors living in their cardboard boxes let out a single wail in unison every time this happens.
Good luck to the ladies competing in the Miss New York USA pageant this weekend!! I'll be watching it online on Sat & attending it on Sun!!
Welcome new followers (students) from the intro to news writing course I teach @ UW-Parkside. You guys are a wonderful group of students.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're annoying AF so it'll never work out.
Wow that is an amazing view!! :) Good morning Asher!!
Treat you like my sticky icky
:) RT : go to goodwill! It's all about neon colors, head bands, tight pants, leg warmers, side ponys/crimped hair!
Doing something constructive for Oscar Grant!
Idky I even freaking attempt
This rain is gonna make my pool cold
I love all of these storms today!
Crucial Data Recovery Cleveland, OH New Local Customers Only. All dat Cleveland Software Design & Development
Tomorrow. School -.-'
My condolences on the plagiarism.
My hope and change went to the gas station this morning.
“: forgot to tell u, love the avatar prom pic!”. HAHAHAHAHA. Will soon be half marathon <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
He can lay it down but Ima beat it up
havent had a good in ages! Might be time to give in :)
#Top5SongsofAllTimeForMe 5) Hitler, My Darling 4) Hum Into A Ass 3) Pour Hot Water On My Dick 2) Bohemian Rhapsody 1) Dildo Summer
Grammys was OK last night could have been Berta but I dont know wat in the world Nicki was doing? Smmfh threw...
I can't till later. :/
just finished eating at the blues city cafe
So, foolishly, I look to Twitter. But I'm using Twitter all wrong it seems. Twitter looked like *fun* the chatting and pictures and links..
Lizard Lick Towing. Best TV show ever. My cousin once arm wrestled them both for his car back. He's camaro-less now.
I know you have to running that twitter bruh, lol
Having a bad day
and you didn't take LPG?
Finally on the plane. Dress squished in overhead after being told it could hang in closet. Dog reservation lost. May never fly again
Leo how can you give up on your relationship?
Who likes fall golf?
its the least I can doo(: you do so much more than I could ever do.
had the greatest time with my lovely daughter Jenell while she was in the "A"
lydia is so perfect dear god i could lisen to them forever
Brookville Road Master plan - The Irvington Innovation Zone - "Forging by History, Powering by Creative Prosperity"
Tired as fuh
Greatest thing about living Uptown. Marigny and Bywater haters gonna hate, but we have the best trees.
Prayer<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> #1 Rule Before Bed.
“: If You Have The Same Avi Up Since You Made Your Account In 2008 lls I Dont Trust You...”*now changing picture*
Tonight I'm going to send out really creepy tweets
'Reading' the WWDC Keynote. Boo.
Hey. Don't break promises to yourself. You are too important.
sorry for the late reply. Thx!
seriously questioning why people call my office at 8:30 in the morning ON A SATURDAY
I was just teasing. I didn't really mine
Siri, at least a part of it, on iPad3
what does Magic not own or have a percentige of...he's the man!
hope you rock your photo shoot for ! wish i was there to play, too!!!
That moment when you stick your hand in a frying pain and automatically burn your self.
Subtle shout-out for you in this week's piece on #mcbw. Friday Taste cover story.
lololol I'm funny.
#ThingsIDislike. People spending all there time on facebook.
YOUR FUTURE: What is cloven? Butts, yes, but also hooves. Also clovers. All these things are lucky and so are you today.
stfu! How bout a "I'm sorry I gave u a concussion handshake????" That fuckery
People are drawn to you because of how you make them feel.
They didn't really advertise the new structures so not many know about them except the regular tournament players.
we've got you covered on the gift for your boyfriend! check out www.fosterweld.com and use the code TWITTER - get 15% off!
Probably as sad as that today is his last day in Australia. Love looking at the pictures (: -Madi-
Diaper backward spells repaid. Think about it. - Marshall Mcluha
Hi Terri. My pleasure, thanks for the RT's! : )
I was I duno what happen havent been on twit sorry...i miss ya yungn
I'm gonna share a link w/ everyone. It's Justin Bieber and ATL related. :)
See why I snagged 3 more?? Haha best conference giveaways!
I want so badly to visit the UK.
YOU, my gem, are so, so right. But I've tried to keep my affinity for capes a secret. They just aren't appropriate for summer.
RT Metta World Peace is hitting off the dribble fadeaways. U weren't winning tonight even if you played well, Denver > too soon?
Don't want your grip, don't want your greed.
I need to tweet more
Torn between respect for #stevejobs lifetime oeuvre & disappointment he devoted so much of that genius to building 'walled gardens.'
Word.RT Being different is what a #Leo loves.
ASU wins - and that's a wrap on Day 2. We'll be back on Sunday. Can't wait to see a packed house for the Championship Game.
already did that
Local Seattle band MayWeather has released new music on their Facebook page. Go "Like" them!
For once in your life can you tell ne the truth ?
Boycott justflowers.com for extremely poor customer service. THEY failed to deliver flowers on time and want to charge ME for it!
having fun in the studio with on WLOU
There is a wonderfully diverse community of artists, here in 's lofts here in DC. What would you like to know more about us?
Awesome! Will be sure to download it and promote it! Check back later this week, as we are planning on reviewing it!
They WOULD call me from work and ask me to be there tomorrow D':
that's where you got that attitude and skill from last night getting away from that broken bat.
Amen. MT : I understand believing in God...But I don't understand believing that God intervenes in pro football games.
It's Rubie Tuesday! Come on in for some awesome piercings!!!
LMAO ellen.. that's not going to solve anything IT'S GONNA MAKE EVERYTHING WORSE LOL
No worries!
So excited...I ate off food truck for the first time just now. mandolin grill Vietnamese...loved it.
I wish you the best of luck in your future as do the TRUE #BBNFam. The true fans would never act fools like those idiots.
What does #BoyzGoCupid mean?
thank you! ;)
Don't wanna go to sleep because the earlier I do the faster my weekend will end
I work hard
I'm so hungry
I won't brag about being at the Obama fundraiser. I spend every Thurs night in Clooney's bushes, so it's just one of those coincidences.
ok I will DM you my #
Trying to tweet bout Cloud Nothings without using cliches like "killing it" "bringing it" "rockin'." Failing. They're ferocious.
excited our pal at frm the crew will have his Mary Queen Of 'Cots Pale on tap at tommorrow!
Thanks for joining us at BNI Achievers Network this morning!
Buffer Tip: Keyboard shortcut for using Buffer for Chrome. Try "Alt + b" to get your Buffer Box up to add Tweets! :)
thank u mane!!!! yea it's tru i got my own thang TRAP DOOR ENT. NEW ALBUM COMIN' SOON!!!! "ALL AMEDICON'"
I'm waiting til my contract with this P.O.S. ends <U+E40E>
I do know the show but I also know Snapped pretty well too! lol
Always :) So fun RT : thanks for the follow! We enjoyed your guest appearance with Mr. Calhoon Cd release party!”
#49ers ink Mario Manningham to a deal, big catch for San Francisco. With or without Peyton Manning, they just improved their offense.
Can anyone suggest Tweeters to follow in the Commercial Printing, Packaging, POP Display, Box Making, or Sign industries???
The book was really good - have you read it yet?
......when your broke people treat you like shit
Dear Windows Movie Maker: I am FINALLY doing this! Don't EVEN get in my way!
5pm on Wednesday. Anyplace you suggest.
I'm so mean... I love it.
I been so zoned out since I found out my nigga #DLive was murdered on #Schoolcraft last night.
Lost my phone..... Got a new one now......iPhone 6 lls
Workout real quick
I'm fraustrated because the highlight of my day wasn't quite like I wanted. Sorry mom if you're getting my bad side.
indeed and I loved it because that was the year Garrett turned down the ravens HC gig
When your In a hurry everything is against you
this health reform debate keeps taking surprising directions.
R U A GIRL OR GUY?? <111
A very relaxing Saturday night....
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity
DEM BITCHES THAT ALWAYS START TROUBLE AINT NEVER AROUND WHEN IT GOES DOWN!
sorry if i don't follow back to all of my followers, its cause my twitter doesn't allow me to follow no more than 2,000 followers. -__- FML.
BOYFRIEND IS ON MY T.V.! :D AH
At CTIA. FCC chair says top priority is closing spectrum gap.
Conclusions: Meshmixer - great for student intro. ZBrush - Endless fun, powerful. Mudbox - solid and FBX output.
with pleasure- let's hope there wil be many more
New Mexico EP CDs are in from and they look wonderful. Shall give one a spin here in a few. (via )
Lol why is matthew copying me ;o.
Spending all Sunday in your pajamas, taking a shower, then putting your pajamas back on.
Happy Thursday!
Fucked up foot, 4 hours of sleep and a end of course exam!
I hate putting my contacts in
Happy Easter & Good Luck Today , ,
I could see that. I record all EPL games, partly presentation too, but ESPN are only matches I make extra effort to watch.
Thank you!
yea that's what I see too !!
Marketing positions open in ATL? Graduating in May & willing 2 relocate.
done and done
Thank you! Just let me know. Some of the products are just getting down there, anyway, so no rush!
yup you're kind of disappointing me right now
I'm calling this week our Alpha and Omega week: new beginnings & several endings. Bright futures ahead &celebrating joyous past!
Whatever you cultivate during good times, becomes your strength during bad times
alligator blood? not tiger blood?
laying some mean cords on Google's Les Paul
yea, its actually like sleet, but you see the white flakes. :D & where are you from?
take this down!!
it already April :-O
Many People Suffer In The End Because Of Lust And Greed
": I think I'm going to quit Twitter. I found out Billy Zane isn't on here, and now I just don't see the point anymore."
Nice hit Jeter
new motto. lol
Sitting down to watch Parenthood!! LOVE THIS!!! LOVE <3
My day = Ruined.
Loud loud loud loud looooouuuudddd on deck.......!
Anyone Need A New Follower??
Jumpin Like A Fool!!
Please join me in praying for my friend Susie this morning. In surgery today to remove a brain tumor and is also 15 weeks pregnant.
LOOL! No.. (; this is gonna be a lot of tweets.. Be prepared.. xD
if I met Mau I would literally just start crying because you're perfect
I haven't seen the show yet but the book is so good!
Waking up, More coffee!
Did you hear? will be on today 4-5pm sharing tips 4 mompreneurs & talking abt
Gotta love some college holiday hoops! Big game tonight #mizzou vs. #illini. GO TIGERS!
its not the past that overwhelms me its other people and their effed up relationships and/or marriages that are overwhelming
Far from native but grandkids are 5th generation.
In two hours... we're launching our next big promotion! Stay tuned.. it's good.
in other non-NC news, had our dress rehearsal for out Sat concert. it went well, I threw up. busy night.
#Geithner on bank bailouts: Yes it's unfair and yes it feels unjust...But only alternative was: nationalize everybody or let them all fail.
come visit me :P
#NP Blow- Future
Stop by our Pittsburgh's 50 Finest Event this week: A Night to Shine Glitter Party at Studio Raw this Saturday
in montréal and love it
Studying til my eyes fall out.
Thks bud RT : enjoy the game tonight
I miss the FB ads RT : if you ruben u a pedo bear
ah! I'm getting my pass soon too! We should go like as soon as we get them. And what day do ya get out?
I'm Ingrid tweeting for #UrbanLibrariansUnite, an advocacy group here to save NYC #libraries from cuts and layoffs
haha well not alone, with roomies. But alone meaning no parents
I would never find another lover sweet as you.
hey pretty lady!!! How the hell are ya?!?! I heard I will be seeing u this Friday!! I'm super pumped :)
RT : Playlist for the last show is up. A huge thank you to everyone who listened to & supported Fader Rules !...
why does Twitter even have a 'block' option?! They can still read my tweets and junk!! #SomethingsMakeNoSenseToMe -.-
The bar is playing country music so we can't exactly hear the #SOTU. But the drink special is an apple pie shot so we feel all-american
I wanted to win the Ghostbusters 2 car SO BADLY. I drank tons of that stuff just waiting...hoping...wishing....alas...
Come'on #Baylor!! Fighting for the
I miss you
OOMF is the most sweetest people in I know
Had a great time seeing the The Betsi Feathers in their Halloween Show tonight! Bravo!
Here's hoping for the best regarding this Junior Seau story. One of the best football players of my lifetime.
Don't let me scare you! I still practice some of it years later, especially not letting things pile up in my head or inbox.
And pray that I may forget these matters that with myself I too much discuss.
RT What LinkedIn groups do you find most useful?
Dear HS Self: No one will care that you had detention for unexcused tardies in 1991. Take time to eat breakfast.
People need to learn how to respect.
So Ryan Phillippe looks like Klaus from or it might be just my mind missing
Shank Hall show !! March 23, 1 week from Friday !! 8pm
Why is it called baby sitting? I dont want you to sit on my baby...Shouldn't it be called baby holding? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
I got issues <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Fina finish this paper i got due 2mar. Making another trip to Senatobia later today with my Queen and big sis
what type of music you working on
Guy getting back from war on the plane getting a new knee
thanks sweets.
The first great characteristic of the true Christian is always a sense of thankfulness and of gratitude to God~ D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones
I just woke up now.
If You Gain My Trust Don't Lose It . If You Gain My Love Don't Abuse It . <U+2665>
The more you comfortable with your emotional expression, the greater balance you will achieve.-JN, AotS.
I finally got Twitter to work again. Phew! I know, you guys missed me.
Wishing you all a wonderful new year. Tanti auguri!
Bike ride w 8 yr old done. Now onto to a walk w neighbor followed by a glass of red. Thankful before t weekend is over that t sun came out
Happy Birthday to my little sister Bridget, who turns 24 today. You are awesome!
those boys! Cc:
you just can't say anything nice about Tony Lucca, can you? No wonder the Wanted said what they said.
#GODBLESS ALL REAL PARENTS FOR BEING THERE FOR YOUR CHILD
But it would be awesome if they were! MT : Why do people think "blasted out" is a thing? Releases aren't fired from a T-shirt gun.
Most important question of the day: Where in San Diego can a girl get her hands on a bottle of Fortaleza? Priming for moon, grunion!
give a friend diet coke with the mentos in it and after 5min, he ice will melt and his soda will suddenly explode. :)
“: Jose Canseco makes a big muscle walking out on the Fenway Field talking into his phone. A joke.” hahahahahah
Good morning! So excited to join again. kula is a social marketplace-so imagine our excitement to talk about shopping in our city!
If you had a chance to invest in a Starbucks back in 1990, knowing what you know TODAY would you have done it? If so, contact me
Would it be inappropriate to thank the TSA staff who are working without pay right now?
love u 2!
i say can i have a threesome,she say boi you funny
Thx for the follow
We're rolling out lots of new dishes for May like Pizza Pasta and Sweet & Sour Udon! Mac and Cheese is always a classic, too.
RT : Follow us and include #myGearStore in your tweet to be eligible for a Free iPod Touch 16GB
“: #JortsDay is next Thursday!!! Make sure to wear the smallest pair of jorts you can find!” or just jorts...lol
Power should not be concentrated in the hands of so few, and powerlessness in the hands of so many.
is italy better than the jersey shore?
Company Shorts: An evening of four new one act plays. NJ premiers of all. www.theatrecompany.biz : "What's the show?"
Thank you New York...you make my dreams come true.
Did not go to Erasure at 9:30. Totally forgot.
I can tutor you! I charge a mula an hour.
I love this one!!! Change your life for the better in the #NewYear. # 3 The Right to say NO and Not feel Guilty!
Hot pockets for dinner at 11 pm
RT : What would #UNM students do with out you Frontier Restaurant?
So Happy U could Diee
It's a sidewalk not a sidebike.
see, chivalry isn't dead! ;) Your hubs and my bf both.
the sun brings out his sex appeal ;)
ProSight Specialty Underwriters Ltd. Announces the Appointment of Ciaran O&#39;Donnell as Finance Director
me to - and he let a new comer - rock on the track with him - thats real Hip-Hop love
WTF is up wit #facebook, that timeline is some #twitter shit
T. Million
can we bring in n out for everyone?
avoiding sleep because I would like to fast-forward through tomorrow. I guess that's not possible, so I might as well give in.
i can't imagine being anywhere else but here
Detlef Schrempf continues to prove he's my favorite Sonic ever.
is signing up for the Georgetown Relay for Life Faculty Fights Back Team!
Oh ok I get it now! Thanks for explaining
I would've taken a Jason Segal / Walter the muppet performance over a Cirque-du-Soleil bonanza any day... Why couldn't that've happened?
I heart Pegasus and writers.
Had a fabulous client lunch to kick off the weekend!
Since spring break, I haven't been able to get up and get ready for school at all.
aww thanks! i want to do both in the future - I'm not picking just one!
wit at this hour is a rare breed.
INTO THE WILD ON REPEAT TONIGHT
Oops..! I Did It Better!
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
About 2 go shopping with my spoiled ass 10 year old nephew. Who does the spoiling.....why me of course.
thx! We dont do super fancy ;)
was written about him. Therefore, its seen as hateful, which sucks. :/
I miss you more!
dude that sucks
Having been looped into this movie production for a while now, I think it should live up to the hype.
Hi there. Thnx, love to make u smile! Welcome & wow for being new - you have a lot of followers! Way to go. GOD BLESS :)
i hate that stuff. Give me a Sprite any day. :)
Fun fact I learned today: the Grimm Brothers were librarians. Who knew?!
Baby gone crazy
People always ask where can they donate or buy re-purposed building materials. I always recommend Habitat For Humanity's Restore's.
The why was in reference to, WHY DO I HAVE TO WRITE THEM WHY... lol
so glad you enjoyed it! It was an awesome year!!!
What if someone would help me get there if I raise $20k potential?? Would you help me??
no ones home
Burk: South Africa tops the charts in MSI Africa, Eritrea scores lowest world, now capturing new components of digital freedom
people are going insane
Thanks for coming out to see us and being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Didn't see you in Eventbrite. Did you get your pass from Spring Creek? Email me your email address used: info
Who ever decided to take off nap time?!
Yes, I feel good. I still take in a lot of dark green leafy veggies!
because you liked him you cared for him we all wonder why we ever talked to somebody it's weird
of course it is. Totally different sourcing.
great music in next wk & a half, we'll see , will miss & saw this evening at church
bo I'm not approved for the #AT&T #upgrade at $250. How many people have I convinced to get an #iPhone?! did i say BO?!?!
The amount of lonely island the house plays <<<<<<<
Thank you! That's kind. But if you take it off, it looks like the editors will fit on one line. Much nicer :)
I am feeling a resounding yes. I'll put it down for 8pm. Looking forward to it--I miss you!
had one of those. Student didn't realize I can see what materials or what they haven't viewed online. How to get their attention?
How'd u guess ;)
Just returned from Salt Lake City. Wow! 1st time there...got to take a dip in the Lake! Cross that one off my "bucket list"~QuickBooksGal
love u but Im going to see my sis in Portland. So excited!!
Just saw the following: "Now available for bookings -- Back Door Movements." Uh...yeah. Where's when you need him? LOL
Sure am glad I spent money on 's & the package! Blocked from Sox/Yankees due to regional blackout rules.
dope! I'll start spreading the word. It's time to drop this
I can't think of that w/o the literal lyrics. Ma-giiiiiic FRAME!
you go gurll
“: Hell yea!!! get him back for the weeeeenie kick” lmao ha ha ha he should an call it even :)
Outside show Jan Sun 23 Grizzly Bear, Band of Horses, Pedro the Lion, Fleet Foxes, Cage the Elephant $12/Doors 2pm
DM Quietly developing a single-purposed digital textbook to meet the the most engaging digital learning needs. Can we talk?
whts up?? -anna
Cowboys or Texans?
“: Brruuuuuuccccceeeee” YES SIR!!
crzy lookin dude in the crowd distracted hansbrough mid free throw. Check the replay!
...Bet Beating us 2/3 in May makes Buck as happy as if he won the WS...<Bet he wont be there in Oct...if I was a betting man..!
Until we get #YankeesUniverse trending, I will OL your TL
Who are you prosecuting? I know your not being accused of anything.
I had a feeling this was gone happen..
This is like Frodo heading towards Mount Doom, expecting 10,000 Orcs and seeing none. Midtown's trolling away tonight, y'all.
Oh nice! Yeah I might be depending on scope and timeline and all that jazz. Shoot me an email when you're ready.
when pigs acquire the appendages to take flight into the sky. Lol JFK idk
Thanks, Rob! We similarly named folks have to stick together after all :). Hope you had a great halloween.
When words leave off, music begins.
lmao get u some nose plugs and some rubber gloves...
I know! I'm blowing my first check
what is inappropriate and offensive pandering is dishonest I expect better from President Obama's campaign
goodbye twitter world it was nice knowing ya!
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Antonio!
Word! When are you and Sam coming back to FB? It's not the same
Smh i thought you were bad for a second -__- BUt your fucking RACHET
Voted for chairs. Then played Pai Gow. Came back too soon....
Ain't no whiskey like Tennessee Whiskey
shouts back to you sir!!
well talk to everyone later im goin to head to the fire department and play fireman!!!!!
Will the wealthy step up and give into the treasury to bring down the deficit this year?
Hum. Producer for Decision Makers today coulda done a lot better with the seats. Everyone looked very uncomfortable ....
They aint bout that life .. Smh
yeah, and still resolving teachstreet stuff. plus doing a lot of traveling (wife is in LA)
I'm cooling
thank you. And yes proud to be a Chicagoan!
Last couple days in Avon. Won't be back until august :(
I miss kyanna :c Sigh
I hate my neos
: hope to work with you and First soon!
yeah, who is she? Lol
I thought of you when I found it because of the whole St. Patrick's day thing. :) Let's hope it's lucky!!
Hi Pheralyn, hope all is well! I'm exhibiting a video at the Kimmel in April, along w 4 photogs. Opening is Apr. 3, hope to se ya!
So I just got a visit from some Jehovah's witnesses
have you ever fired someone? <-Kelsey xoxo>
: YOU ROCK....Kiyla!
Corporate Meeting Summit is coming to an end. Great seeing industry brains meet and talk about SMM. Till next year!
where do u live? Like the town (: or something
I'm very sensitive about my Timmy T.
I heard the episodes of So Random! &Shake It Up were pulled. I wanted to thankyou 4 standing up. #EatingDisorders #Love #MyHero <3
cheaters will get their day
ah:( que no llegue ma;ana !!
ayyy watch out with all that bad talking.
A friend of mine is looking for feedback on UCLA Film School Masters Program. Has anyone been?
oh shit u got a twitter LOL:D
So tired my bed looks so inviting... want to share with off ;p
Why isn't Alex Constacio's account verified ?
I love the rain. Too bad my car has a leak in it.
please, please understand...I'm in love with another man....
Scott and I broke up again...
Every single reporting station in our area reporting "Sunny" gotta love it!
what can I say - I live on the edge!
yeah, have you seen "it might get loud?"
It's back!!! Stand-up/open mic every Sat from 6-8 presented by !
what happen to comin to see me
Where the fuck is ??
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which mak
Kinda cool remodeling two houses at the same time on the same block- near down town Naperville
Yes; yes it is. T : is part of the allure of ryan gosling the fact that his last name means "baby goose"?
Tryin to get to Bamboozle next week. Still no ride though
Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved. Ralph Waldo Emerson
About to give our first FREE SAT diagnostic test of the summer! Visit www.columbiaprep.com for more details on how to get in on this! :)
Hi Sarah how are you?
I was proud of having evaded arrest my whole undergrad career. Not sure why it's a badge of honor for some dopes at #mifflin2012 .
updating the website :)
ayyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!! FIST PUMP FIST PUMP FIST PUMP!!!!!!
ugh. Sure it was a grand mal? I used to have 'vasovagal episodes' when getting blood drawn, witnessing gore etc. Glad she's ok!
Thanks so much Allison! We love helping other kids w/ #autism RT : great work you are doing!!!
Dear drivers of route 3, Prepare for more misery than ever starting May 8th. Sincerely, VDOT
And that ladies and gentlemen is how the cookie crumbles.
call the police
Oh dear, he's wearing a Cubs shirt today.
Hi Janit! Miss U... follow Easter is coming and I'm starting to get the word out about baskets 4 kids!
Any artist interested in performing at da Sub t Sunday Send stage name to
I heard you were the MVP of Wednesday night basketball?!? I wish I got to see you play!!
NOT loving the rain. I would prefer something white with a bit of fluff :(
Yeay!! We are so excited for tomorrow!! We hope to see you in soon :)
lol alright I am gonna ask him right now
Ouch nettle stings hurt : (.
Hey Bobby! Did you get my email about March 14? John Waters?
If you pick sleep over sex, congrats. You're officially old.
": I hate those "WHAT IF?" questions ."
Why can't school be at 9? Ughh
Im a hop and a skip away from animal cruelty right now if my neighbors dog won't shut it!
The team just met Packers head coach Mike McCarthy in the locker room. Nice surprise.
I'm so gifted at finding what I don't like the most
its one of those times that i feel like biting her arm off!!!(:
Do you leave outgoing mail in you mailbox overnight with the flag up? To a thief, that is easy money.
yep, pretty good chance I think.
Today has been a long day!
good luck to your son! Should we send the your way?
In the meantime, congrats to the 22 White Station High School students who were named as 2012 National Merit Scholarship Semifinalists!
lol. A hot freaking mess. You could surf on the belly.
I gots all kind of protection, dawg.
I informed student he'd get an e-mail when his app was processed. He e-mailed me 3X in 3 hours to tell me he didn't get e-mail yet. sigh
oh can't wait for this booookk ! #preordering (:
Thx! The care center was v. good - staff friendly & thorough.
mhm. Not seeing any. Just your cover photos etc ill check again lol
<U+2665> who wants to be AMAZING and give us some shout outs?(: anybody? mahomies help out other mahomiess!<U+2665> -erica<U+2665>.
BITCH I'M SACKED UP...BITCH I'M RACKED UP....N DA CLUB GOIN HARD NIGGAS KNO I GOT DEM RACKS
So hungry! Going to Ringside to fucking grub with
Loudoun County VA surpasses the OC! SalesTouch now Boulevard Goose Creek, Martins Chase Camberley; thanks!
what's up
Spending a evening with my original queen "my mother"
Also conflicted relationship between soc & tech- theorizing the web...
Just kidding! Our meeting tonight will be in the Leavey Program Room on the first floor of Leavey across from the bookstore.
Motorists are advised to avoid Donnybrook street area, south Belfast due to road traffic collision
what station do I have to listen to?
rip dick clark. love you! xo
Thanks for the shout! Proper announcement of Loom posted… now.
Looking forward to a good old fashioned drive-in movie in #SanDiego! Had to bring my kids to Rhode Island to see one.
I could listen to Katy Perry songs all day she knows the deal
your truly pathetic, your so insecure and hate on pey to feel better about yourself. Your twitter won't last long *report!
If you live your life worrying about what others think, you're going to be miserable as shit
#Imagine Austin: "My mom always taught me that nobody's perfect..I guess she lied." You: "Why?" Austin: "Because i met you."
": Never tell a #Gemini they are superficial"....ha too late
Happy Friday #Followers <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Did you know that each year 2,500 left-handers die using products designed for right-handers...
<<< Yep all is well..... just blah.....probably the weather...just wanna be off work and go work out...
only good news if you have a good financial team, so you aren't faced with living longer in bad conditions
Welcome to Denver! You gotta get to lower downtown and check a Rockies game out.
Money hits a fly ball to left! HEY, GET UP! Get outta here GONE! A solo homer for Money and #Brewers lead 1-0 in the 2nd!
Happy, Happy, Happy Saint Patty, Patty Patty's Day!
has a presentation consultant to help all presenters. The is a fab idea. Looking at you ALA
Tips 4 smooth lips: When lips r dry, take a wet washcloth or toothbrush 2 gently scrub them 2 remove dead #skin.Use lip balm every day.
Congratulations to Emmett McKenna, who passed his M.A. exam this Tuesday, May 2.
not that I know of but there are two employment fairs coming up in May that will be in our next newsletter coming out soon
Before you play, get out and vote in today’s municipal and school board elections!
A1: Commercialism all the way, but that doesn't mean good doesn't come out of it
Drinking Blood Orange Soda My favorite,and had a salad from trader Joe;s,and left over DUCK!
Happy Valentine's Day you two. xoxoxoxox
alright heading to bed. its been a crazy day. thank you :)
"Nobody believes until I believe me" - the people
yes! Meet up w you then. Happy tweeting!
what did you do??
Stop controlling the message. Start galvanizing your network.
TRAFFIC: WB Belt @ Fish Hatch - Disabled semi, off to the side, causing delays
Live is like chess make the wrong move and game over
went to sleep on me:(
nice have fun with that!:)
Either via a group code we provide or by whatever means you provide to give alumni access to resources (if any)...
Am tired of hearing that free entry to a museum is sufficient public access (as opposed to opening up digital data online) ...
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable. - Jim Morrison
I LOVE waking up to 50 messages. Text bombed.
want to watch Four Year Strong!
well we're both weird, that's one thing we have in common....
Music City don't take no pity If you wanna rise up you've gotta play it pretty. The fire will start it but the coals heat through the night
#teamfollowback. Come on! I WILL follow you back! i follow ALL of my followers. So, guaranteed Follow Back. <3 unless u unfollow me.
union rags
#IfYouOnlyKnew dat I already kno how u feel bout me..u wouldn't hold bac so much..??
human subjects research data, once "deidentified," is not subject to HS protections. problem: genomic data can never be fully de-IDed.
Is very aware of the fact she is a female all alone in her house and there was creepy activity in the neighborhood
Signing an online petition: It's the very least you can do without doing nothing at all.
Went to Walmart with and left with D Rose lol ;)
We got a KFC
Found a car that I really love...but we're gonna take a couple days to think about it....
You get on top & start to ride, I pull you close to me & we just stare at each other. I can hear ur juices, I feel it running down my legs.
neat methodology for mobile: glasses camera+screen cast (dual video, in situ); reveals focus of attention, context; Caroline Julien
Time to get my skin fade
Authenticity is probably the best tool you have. And probably the most undervalued. Stop comparing yourself to anyone! You're the best YOU.
Yall swear someone always going in on me... I HAVENT RECIEVED THAT MEMO YET. FOH
Because there is always one idiot who wants what someone else has.
TGIF! Happy Hour is in full swing! Will you be sippin' on some bubbles tonight with us?!
“Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken.” -Frank Herbert
(book method @ a time) depends on how functional it is.
Mind sex mind dating mind marriage explosion
Thanks for RTs! Please see & for upcoming programs by H.H. Sant Rajinder Singh
I wish they would expand a teeny bit more my way, toward Charles Village! They should connect to and Johns Hopkins.
Goons and wretches - the combo
Free haircuts for military, police, firefighters, EMT, and all vets! :)) this is my begging you all to come in, <3
93% of US teens are online: a great oppty for youth to connect to new content, peers, and experiences worldwide.
When they’re empty which will be quicker than you think, it’ll cost you more than the price of the printer to replace them
BOOM!!! Thank you!!
i can't get over how cute my picture is
Who's the little guy? #kubball ROCKK CHALK J'S
they put on a great live show.
Meanwhile, my roomie who just started teaching art in a Bronx Public High School recv'd only $100 worth of art supplies for the WHOLE YEAR.
Tia's in now accepting applications for the 2011 season! Apply in person weekdays from 10 A.M to 4 P.M! Spread the word
ben i also legit assumed a video by "taylor swift & the civil wars" was going to be a literal parody of lady antebellum :(
True babe! That's why I admire you.
Thanks to the crew at Fox for letting me "crash" their shot. How was my hair?
Best Skype conversation ever with and
Grub St's #muse2012 more than met expectations and I set mine very high this year.
haha I would never! I'm surprised it's web legal to produce such a product. When will am I going to see your fach again?
thanks Rick!
thats not even a question...obviously it should go to me....
Going to call my mom on to greet her Happy Mother's Day and to ask her to do my laundry. Happening before 6p.
She's liked my last two pictures of beverages. She's thirsty.
You're not even listening. -______-
I will be doing Purpose Parties
Happy Thanksgiving!!! The first year of Baltimore Bocce was awesome and so was CHC romping of the Don's!!!!
New music, his career will grow, more fans will come.. We will sit back and smile, being able to say we're here for him from the beginning.
I say "shiz" & "shic" cus im tryna stop cursing it a very unattractive trait
Today in Blues: Clarence Pintop Smith recorded “Jump Steady Blues” in Chicago, once for Vocalion Records & a 2nd time for Brunswick Records.
Have you recently purchased a cat and unfamiliar on how it behaves and functions? Ask Brian McKnight. He can tell you how your p*ssy works.
yeah they deactivate this account but we finally got our password on our email so we could get it back
Bank of America is going to start charging $5 to use the debit card. Anyone know of a better bank?
Just tapped Victory Prima Pilsner.
LOL! where did you pick up #FACT from?
I won't see you hit the ground.
Kim Ramsey, Jackie Wykes, Jamie Fossen! Your support is a total blessing. Many, many, many thanks!!!
Tired moms serve breakfast for dinner. Really tired moms walk to the local Pancake House. Here we go!
my love can you change my TW backdrop? yours are always the sexy, I want!
i just woke up from that nap.. i tried to wake up 3 times but i could not open my eyes
Thanks, I like your accessory! (You can get a lot in that bag!)
When do you come to Holland? :$ <U+2665>
#WhatWomenWant big ring, big house, and a man with money.
Um, I'm stopping home from work : Tonight's #Dinner: Moroccan 1/2 Chix; riso; 5 Dot beef short ribs; fried chicken; pork leg roasts
Unfollow this page and follow my new one!
Jessica Helen Lopez and the Women of the World slammers take the Jazzbah by storm tonight. Get your Billie Holiday on!
Missouri Meth Addicts and Manufacturers for Rick Santorum.
Candyass, candy tickle, let me suck your sour nipple. ( ew, gross.)
I can't stand no confused ass nigga!!!!!!
talking to a perv on the phone
"Aye!"=The sound any NBA player makes driving to the basket
The Voice is slaughtering one of my all time favorite tunes. Turble.
I'm hiring somebody to do my hair this be so time consuming
On an sick scavanger hunt through town!
yeah it blows oh well.
Someone needs to take me to when I go back home in July! Havnt been to that place in yrs! Ill host! *wink* :)
I love your books, and you personally represent Southern Women so well. #thankyou!
Final trailer in two days!
I really want to dye my fro???
hm..thats weird cause i just checked my phone and i didn't see a call from you.
WHERE ARE MY NUTTGOBBLERS AT????
My 3 year old has a better swing than Mike Hessman, why am I still watching this #Mets game
Come on Basketball! We've been through enough!
Am I the only one who's sprint phone is in roaming, and I shouldn't be???
Holy crap why didn't anyone let me know Jonathan Groff was back on Glee?
maybe it is your Ballmer peak drink.
Thanks Anything you remember that has some good graphs to show exec. types would be so helpful!
needs to suspend Tim Welke for that call in Colorado. Totally unacceptable.
And I'm kinda irritates cuz I'm tryna go to sleep and I can't cuz its right above my head
In fact, I've tweeted about 30 times in the past few months. This old man is slowly getting into the swing of things.
Pretty much always feel this way at this point in a first draft.
GOOD FRIDAYS
if only erica had a twitter so she could have a say in this conversation.
Bulgarian weightlifter convicted of drug smuggling - Yahoo! Sports
are you in a band right now?
McDonalds has all kinds of specials going on...but you may have to ask for them. The most recent is 2 fish sandwiches for $3.33. Happy Eatin
Feel like watching some hockey !
Not u, dear. I was talking in general. RT how was I treating anyone with pity?
and so it should!
Thanks Mike, those are awesome. Funny how they all seem to be taken in that same spot.
and it should've earned a lot more. I need to secure a copy of it on Blu Ray.
RT : First Davy Jones & now #RIPRonnieMontrose. Someone wants to form a new band in heaven.
can't wait to read book 2.
I'm so proud!! How was gym w headphones? Listen to glitter??
I love church :)<33
Sorry. Listening to this new Esperanza Spalding. I's over-produced, kinda boring, and just not doing anything for me. :(
#Team_Blake ROCKED it on #NBCTheVoice. Go
we have an amnesty chant going on here right now as it pertains to carlos boozer
"You gone learn today!" lol
wait dont You live down here lol ? I thought You did
screw finals
TOM WAHL'S!! I'm in you almost every weekend!!!
Is there anyway to talk to a representative today? The phoneline keeps hanging up on me.
awesome :D
#wewontworkout if you want to argue
you little brat.
Hi right back at you! Hope all is well back in NY!
how much for a verse?
Who is Leap Day William??
Take it one step at a time with your selves people. You're only human ;)
Follow me if you love Austin Mahone! <U+2665>
ur always #GRAND and i hope it stays like tht all the time...u know wat scratch tht i know it will stay like that! :D
real talk
10 whole dollars? Oh no.
Just watched The Grey. Wtf was up with that ending it was BULLSHIT!!!!
Think I am in love he he !!! Beautiful . Enjoy your night
We think the choice is obvious ;)
Finally going to see a doctor for my injured ankle tomorrow, gotta make everything's okay. So I can work out eventually....
Today is a tea & biscuits at 10am kind of day. Dreary outside, cold inside.
send me a request Jordin Styles
How lovely to end a 6 week run with three nights of packed houses! Thank you to everyone who made it out to THE SUGAR BEAN SISTERS!
new site is cool you should check it out
I just sent you your email for Pathable. Hope it works this time.
That bullshit when you can't sleep and you finally do then your alarm goes off -___-
Just took a walk with my dog . So nice out!
Oh my gosh, it's ur birthday! Happy birthday Rachel! We hope ur birthday cake candle wish comes true! :) You rock! <3
In sixteen birthday! Space is limited. Get your tickets now. Be there be there be there
In a snap an aha moment opened my eyes and I was able to let go and forgive myself...
get out there and show them whats up
Media Studies Prof. Donovan Webster to serve as interim leader until committee names new director
Happy 1st Mother's Day! :)
thanks 4 the RT, following U now, follow back? thanks again !
Read through the test before you start answering to make sure you understand everything.
Crazy crazy times
Here's a helpful hint. If you order a pitcher of beer don't sit at the bar, you just get in the way.
DM me, and i'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
saw panel. You guys are leaders in new media, keep it up!
Can't wait for day 2 and 3 of reggae fest:)
And there must be other groups like ALEC that we haven't even heard of. Terrifying to think of their impact on policy.
It's fine, I like my current hat! Thanks anyhow!
Id hook you up with some razor sharp creases! Lol. RT : Who wants to iron my uniform for me???
Yes RT : You are what you make yourself.
omg i saw that movie to it was the best movie i have ever seen!!
smh people these days.. they judge people on EVERYTHING like seriously.. what's the point? nothing.
Tweet tweet! Welcome to the twitterverse
when life hand you lemons don't make lemonade unless there is sugar in it.. A LOT of sugar sweet like strawberries but cold like my heart
RT #LeShow Today's show has #Limbaugh on his recovery #SUPERB! a MUST listen
I'm not the first or the second. #9!!! My idea first- 1999! Now I get to read Anthro theses/diss.'s and see what they have to say on topic.
"You might think I’m bulletproof, but I’m not.” -
How was it?
WHY AM I AWAKE!!!!
- TrickyRicky wants to incarcerate 3x more people in Florida. Privatize, profit, and destroy families in Florida.
Thanks bro I appreciate that support!
it should have been 3 men angels and a woman as charlie and a woman as bosley, now that would have been a show. 3 fine men kicking ass.
Im perfectly imperfect :)
Got my track uniform today #YEE !
#MadonnaSuperbowl still GOT it!
Fuck dat dough, who needs it. :P When do you want to hang out before I go back to the cold white north?
Always entertaining... delivering the closing keynote at
it got rude although I felt like he mostly swung at MG.. he covered you in terms of how many critics have re: crunch
Goin' to sleep good night In the morning.mabe.
I survived state street 2012 once. Can I twice?
Today is the anniversary of the Marine Corps adopting the bulldog as a symbol ... was there a problem with using a BICHON FRISE instead ???
is cuddling with Lil Wayne then woke him up by jumping on the bed and shouting Wake up, it's Pink Friday Ho!
I don't like valentines day, it's only fin when you have someone spacial to share it with.
Altering your entire night schedule to make sure your home in time for Austin's random ustream #thatswhatmakesyouamahomie <3
you always do nothing new
streaming on #Coachella right now. I'm so hyped to see this in person.
Ready for the all-stars vs Manchester United!! Too bad Jewsbury is not in the starting XI, but hopefully gets good amount of PT!!
Afternoon meeting/beer!!!
#BernieMac got his start by working the El in Chicago. Everyone's gotta start somewhere, and it usually ain't Carnegie Hall.
Good morning world!
“: Dwight Howard shot 39 free throws last night? Wowww” I just looked at that too lol crazy
they should probably just grant it to him to avoid a further PR nightmare..
Leaves raked, presents wrapped, contemplation accomplished, movie with wife - Life is complete!
a murder of a military personal if NCIS is there.
I. Want. A. Boyfriend. </3
Your such a dork :-)
Yeah right Rick
RT : it's a October Out Of Town kinda day!
"My enemy's enemy is Divinity."
RiTE doesn't usually endorse products, but we all love shakeology in the morning. Make of that what y'all will. Solid meal replacement.
Tried to search for the tag <cfselect> and the first link on Bing is "Corbin Fisher Select." Good to know work doesn't use safe search.
I take my Simon sans Garfunkle.
“: When you gossip you come into agreement with the accuser. Aka The Devil. Who's child are you?”
RT : Don't forget to enter the Wedding Giveaway for your very own VIP ticket to Art Milwaukee's soiree this Friday.........
Many states have fewer resources for K12 than MN and are holding both #K12 and #highered accountable for college readiness.
we need to hang out again.
Still rockin' it out at #NSAI! Tonight is Christian Pitch-to-Publisher night!
Yo, u ready for this fight tonight, brotha?
yeah, dreaming lol. But at least I could take up surfing
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
How do you plan on surviving the apocalypse?
oh wow! I am sorry life has been moving to fast and I missed this new work. Definitely different!
That was most of my day =). How are you this evening?
Live it, or leave it.
Omg!! #WilliamLevy is on Dancing With The Stars?!??! I'm so setting up DVR as soon as I get home!! The man is FINE!!!!!! Que emocion!!!
Standing naked on my porch waiting for Google Maps to take my picture.
Thanks for the retweet! Look me up if your looking to hike around Las Vegas.
Can't sleep. So im watching The Big Valley on the INSP channel
Think before you print your emails and attachments, we can save trees by only printing out necessary documents!
Gabe Carimi is your starting right tackle. Even Lance Louis proved to be a capable right tackle.
God Is So Good & I Go To Church To Tell Him Thank You For What He's Doing In My Life ..My Mom Knows I Love Her
nawfside bitch!!! Ha
my day is alright :) hittin the books before going to las vegas this weekend! :)
I wish I was kidding. I think this is the house that has a heated driveway...? #don'tmesswiththeChoksis
I am hungry!
Allergy Notes: Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Canada: "First Kiss" Video
Between the Horizon League Tourney and Wells Fargo, gonna be watching a lot of golf the next 10 days. Best is, I don't have to play.
The refs have more rape charges from this game than Kobe Bryant at a ski resort in Colorado.
in the salon getting my daughters hair done for the week. its so necessary.
24 hours.... In 24 hours I will FINALLY be in San Diego. #excited!
The wknd is so close we can taste it! Clock out at the office and clock in at the #Poker Room where its $300 half hour high hands 5-11:30p!
thank you captain obvious:D haha who could forget?!
Phone and iPod about to die smh.
Our Wisconsin writer did it on the return of the program from being cut and the new partnership.
Take a look at "GET TERA-IZED", a Halloween teaser for TERA
I'm new at using the but I love what I know how to do so far!
3 common lies from guys: I'm sorry, I love you, I won't hurt you. 3 common lies from girls: I'm fine, I'm not mad at you, I don't love you
Time for the kick off to the competition #republikindustries =
Starting today my life is gonna be so busy for the next week. >.<
Man I tell ya I'm needing "it" pretty dang bad getting sick of not getting "it"
just sitting here thinking about my buddy. ebsen.
It's #depressing when being a #republican and you vote for #democrats because Republicans can't seem to get their heads out their asses
IB's r "radically vulnerable & revolutionary; healers while being strong; they welcome the paradoxical."
hahaha, your a loner! :P
Thanks ! I'm glad it resonated with you.
Lol, really? RT : If a Woman Watches Sportscenter wit me in the Morning and Pays Attention.
RT : Well spoken #nerdland |I had never heard that argument before. Adding it to my arsenal.
Sounds like fun!
"Moses and I were having coffee yesterday and he told me you passed him, speeding, while he was on his camel." -
that blows :( Xx
Quote of the day: "Rock n roll without the sex isn't rock and roll anymore. It's just Nickelback" (h/t Afternoon Delight )
ur robber was off? Put me up on sumthin new! What's a robber off?
have you voted yet? You know you wanna see the print team eat a tablespoon of cinnamon.
is letting me down. But it's okay because he's fine and quoting about love.:/
Yes I was one of the lucky ones that was hacked a month or so ago so I knew nit to open the direct message. How are you, Liz?
<U+2640>Prayer is not a "spare wheel" you pull out only when in trouble...but a "steering wheel" to drive you down the right road<U+2640>
Thanks for the tweet and link yesterday!
we figure you are shoe-in for commencement speaker next year, so start working on it now
"Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent." - Marilyn vos Savant
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. We love living in the Emerald "Green" City, especially this time of year.
Should performance appraisals of all city and state employees be made public?
its cheaper to keep her...
I love movies where the women are wearing obvious cross-your-heart bras: "I'm Spartacus, and so's that pointy lady over there!"
Do you use the "respondus lockdown browser" to give exams electronically?
So... I've been typing a paper for an hour i have I have 2 of 6 paragraphs done.... it's due Friday.... I get distracted easily....
Im Finna go For It Even If My Mom Or Dad Said No Im Still Gonna Do It OML <U+2665>
what up!!! busy.. whats good!
Before June 1. Wish Keuka College students were more informed on local happenings :-) RT : but it'll stay almost...
HBK to the rescue
we love all of you so much.
ty for the follow back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Very proud of my students! They accomplish so much when teachers expect excellence from them and affirm their greatness.
i slept in ..on the left side of the bed
As part of an effort to increase volunteer firefighter numbers, recruitment open houses will be held over RecruitNY weekend, 4/21 & 4/22
LMAO ! leave it up !
Thank you God for another beautiful day & the life to see it. Also thank you Sweet Baby Jesus!
text me. We need to talk
You tell him patch
..better than a lifetime supply of Miami Sound Machine CDs.# manningtomiami
trust problems</3
next month
Moms are awesome !
Really? RT : We'll show never-before-seen video of Steve Jobs as a Ghostbuster in '85 on (cc )
LBJ GOTTA MAKE THAT DIRK
im going on Facebook to like ur page then im gonna practically beg my mom to download pre shock. love u guys, l8ter
Glad the #minibrief was such a hit at # SMMS - great meeting you, & thanks, Hope!
THANK YOU
You haven't had a weird dream until you have Patrick Stewart and the cast of TNG dancing around a pool table while rapping with pineapples.
Surely goodness and mercy shall #follow me all the days of my life: & I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever. -Now God's behind us!!
All I want is Love Eternal
: happy to help. In transit to the US right now. Will email soon.
Hey, that's a great tool! I can't keep meetings straight with folks with even a 1 hr difference in time zones! Thanks!
U going to NO this weekend?
I only see one. But wtf. I hate it all.
Welcome back!
Pshh' yuo are old then! You probably start considering looking into old folks homes .-.
got a bet 6 to 1. Can't beat it son
Thank you you made this year so easy, & rep Stephanie Mayo actually made #taxes enjoyable! Will be back next season!
Do you get our newsletter? Next one coming out this week. Email to make sure you're on the list!
You should definitely drive up the coast to San Fran some time. It's gorgeous. But yeah, fly to Seattle or Portland. :)
can you bring back the Violent Femmes for Christmas???
It's been awesome watching you play for the Ducks. Thanks for your hard work. Will cheer for you in NFL, too.
This was "1970s Throwback Weekend": Boxing, horse racing and the Knicks in the playoffs.
They have the stories and characters in their canon, they could do it, not sure why they end up failing so often
Happy Birthday gorgeous :)
omg I'm becoming a hugger...
What are you waiting for?
CANT STAND a mf who talk shit but get mad when i come back at they ass..LMTFA then we wont have no probs period..
The magnificent singing his heart out in the production of rocky horror picture show tp://yfrog.com/obvjfmxj
Thank you, friend. :)
tired of dealin wit people
Just watched Fargo, oh yah betchyah I did! I feel like I'm playing catch up with all these great movies.
thanks for the RT!
Looking for freelance writers to come in and test our products at a discounted rate and write a review. Must be serious about your health!
I wish ppl stop talkn bout my forehead. I had dis forehead my whole life. Dnt u think ik
2015 standout Cassius Peat from Corona Del Sol (Az) is receiving interest from Arizona St., Penn State, LSU, St. Mary's, and Washington
At ! Ger your ass down here for an amazing show!
Can someone please make Brad Bitt cut his hair?
follow now!!! iansomerhalder's cat :) GO FOLLOW
Back to square one.
That is a very cool MA! It would be so useful in an academic setting.
Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub? 8PM! Brian Adams tix for first prize.
glad I made it as we were boarding
Cisco CCNP Service Provider Certification Validates Professional-Level Skills for Deploying and Optimizing IP Next ...
Barney Frank: "If you care deeply about a cause, and you are engaged in an activity on behalf of that cause that is great fun...(cont)
Why am I not sleeping? l:
i so need a math tutor
gave me some really cute dreadlocks c;
er one with meat 0_0
Aww man thought I would never ever go without two days without UFC
Would be super cute! RT : can we make #Gwyneth in red suede?
"Technically" today bro, I've got my last finals today, but I've got a paper due Friday but this is my last week ^_^
Cold and flu season is amongst us. To avoid harsh antihistamines and alcohol which both dry out the voice. Cont'd
how are you doing?
I wish it did! unfortunately, it doesn't look like I'll be able to make it tonight. :( break a kitteh leg!
The story others wrote & i bought! “: On LifeClass with ! Tell me what story is holding you back? #lifeclass”
I am killing my to-do list! Yeah, you know who the boss is. And no, it ain't Tony Danza.
its the truth
Didn't see the hat closet, but it was at Talese's place.
follow Back yo
ok gotcha what other series do you like?
thanks! Hope you both are doing well, and enjoy some of the new tunes I have up!
only way up fix it is by removing forced login otherwise the game is always a second from unplayability. In other words, broken.
Finally got done with my 5 page assignment in English!!!
i think my new hashtag is #yolo. it's true b/c yo only do live once. and i would wanna express everythin i do be4 i die.
I'm going for three strikes today
just heard blue jeans instrumentals in a coffee commercial, brilliant arrangement they raise the chorus vocals by the end
The APPNATION NYC MOBILE + TV 3.0 SUMMIT is now SOLD OUT! If you'd like to be added to the wait list, email
goodo and am good thanks babes x
lol its ok...but none of that is the best pie on earth...which is...*duh duh duh duh* OREO CREAM PIE (:
arent one word replies just the stupidest shit
Your mindset, mental patterns and moods are both a barricade and a bridge to your future. Only you can decide which one it will be.
My night job keeps me feeling young. Having meetings during the daytime keeps me feeling grown. It's a good balance.
Oh my twitter followers... what a marvelous vacation it was! He came 2nd place in the "Sexiest Man Contest!" wuhoo! I'm a lucky girl. =)
Holy Shit, that was hilarious
Happy Monday everybody! We made Top 10 for "Barbecue" and "Bar//Night Club". Make sure you all vote every day this week!
Im Sick Af'
We are the learning leaders of the community. We have to LEAD.
I swear I listen to this song just for the chorus!! Shit bananas ;
follow and please :D x9
School needs to hurry the fuck up!
Although it has given me time to watch The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret. #DavidCross rocks!
right now..
Love the special #drupa performance by du Soleil? Get your FREE photo in the #Xerox Delight zone & leave with a smile
Non-Catholic or anti-Catholic? That's the first question. Not always easy to tell the difference.
no problem thanks for the follow as well :)
So pumped for Digital Renegade after hearing the new song. It was GREAT you guys!
where to even begin!?! In only 1 Tweet - we'd have to say our team, who is pretty damn amazing! (no offense to the other contenders)
It's all good! Maybe we'll make our way up to New York this year!
A #FF is a really nice way to tell everyone you'd like to fuck the person you're recommending.
the pizza man is about to ask for a rip
Waxing Wednesdays we offer 15% off of all waxing or sugaring services!
radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo check your inbox thank u
When commuting home from seminary in DC and going down 95 South, I saw a plate that said "95 Sux".
Thanks for the RT been getting some traffic to my site hope we get everyone in seattle to get ice cream
Wow. Make Google maps every day and hadn't seen it. Not looking closely enough, it seems.
All You Need Is Loaf
And ppl talkn down others about only saying something abt MLK today? I ain seen yall tweet or fb about him on the regular
Mad Men, Sky Atlantic, review: Serena Davies reviews the first two episodes of the fifth season of Mad Men.
Something you haven't thought of today: that gross milky skin-film that collects on your lips when you've been running.
Thanks for the follows.
good eye
A lot is happening with #SUPERINDY How are you keeping focused on your studies? Do you have breaks to visit Super Bowl Village?
We already are! Are you following us?! We were a BIG hit at the festival last year after all! :)
Getting a bag of clothes tailored almost feels like going shopping.
Alums calling for transcripts to go to med school, law school, MBA programs, etc- they must have done something right *cough*
SHE AINT KNOW CLOWN CUTIE WIT ME
Great day of services- great meal at Olive Garden. Time for a quick nap...
home from school. :) dance soon.
RT : The Bachelorette Premiere is TONIGHT! We will be live tweeting from - join the conversation:
U NEED TO B OUT HERE W/ ME SIS
Like serriously , why do 13 year olds have to be so damn cute
In Act Two, it could be called "AIDS Ain't as Bad as Y'all Have Heard."
Nope, keeping tabs on that. Plus, you have a better shot to win referring more than one person than refollowing
catastrophic breach of justice tonight as the supreme court refuses to block the execution of #troy davis. so incredibly sad.
Socialnomics is here to stay
DM me your number
We handle it pretty much like NASCAR drivers. That's why they're all wearing those fire- and pee-retardant suits.
Follow me back Plzz! I already been following u. :)
Hot moms always drive big ass SUV's lol
The opposite of love is not hate. It is indifference. -Mal Pancoast
Like us on facebook to enter for your chance to win a 12 day #adventure in the USA! #Las Vegas #travel #backpacking #hiking draw is April 15
RT : The Pitmen Painters at ACT Theatre is a really moving, funny and compelling play. Catch it before it ends on the 20th
monitor broke, & now down to 1. Problem:My palettes are on OTHER monitor in How do I get them back?
Me: Sleep? Brain: NO.
not very hard, but yea! :L
are you there?
Safe Travels!
Dear opposing counsel, Boomroasted. Love, me.
I'm embarking on the most amazing journey of my life. It's never too late.
Need a Designated Driver for your guest? Call CoolCabRaleigh the coolest, cleanest Taxi in town.....(919)633-2606
Thanks for the RT!. ;)
Also, If you like music at all, you should be following the creators behind the
Virus alert: some of my Twitter followers have rec'd suspicious message from me. Please delete. Hit by Twitter hacker.
Edgar Rice Burroughs lived here, hence the name. Also, John Carter Of Marsville would've tanked.
My moccasins are now soaked:(
Dear Christians: your God is an alien.
CHOOSE TO GIVE THANKS!! We hope you are all able to spend this Thanksgiving with family and friends..
No! It's not as bad as it seems and, after you finish you feel like you can conquer the world! You should try it. :)
Flashfoward is brainwashing me
Turn in math quiz, instantly go on twitter :p
#schoolmemories I gave my teacher a apple and the bitch still gave me detention
Took dog to vet got nauseated when he got blood drawn picked up his prescription and got bite when trying to administer his eye drops lol
#southbeachtow what days does this show come on?
You're the rat's moldy cheese.
Better get it checked out quickly!
What a beautiful Monday!
Flash video format is often used because it works across computing platforms. Final content depends on user needs, though.
Call 804-353-8890 to schedule FREE pickup! Every day we pick up gently used furniture, clothing and household items! Give us a call!
the rewrite was hilarious!
“: My little cousin has a twitter...none of my asshole friends better follow her lmao foreal tho” Now following
Has a tiny dog for the next 2 weeks!
Wtf! Haha how the hell did I retweet that? whatever at least I can say that retweet has no meaning since it is pathetic in my option
U know it. Martys back, D looks good, and all the top teams getting ousted! oops sorry
Bt Its Cool, Im Ignoring Mfs Again
look at that crema on my americano... love that bring-your-own-thermos discount too, better than starbucks'!
thats why im leaving. taking my underachieving ass elsewhere
Sliding to ihop after class
Thank you! Very much an honor and a great opportunity to reflect!
Who's ready for a studio update?
no problem. (: Thanks as well!
Life is just drama. Not one day can a person go without it. How lovely.
totally. use one of my clients and top notch service
I guess this is the end of my story, a story that I have been writing since high school wit my close friend...now he's gone
but where else are you going to get a $15,000 workstation with 64 GB of RAM?
So my next question is... in how many games do you think we will beat #OrlandoMagic cuz i still believe we have got this one....
I like blondes but I love
"My nose is running like it's training for the Olympics......." - A comedian trying a joke for the first time that he thought would kill
I'm on a boat!
just ran into Mrs Harliss, your 9th grade physics teacher! she says hello!
Crazy way to start of the day!
Smoke and drank so much tonight smh n oomf ain't around to get crushed smh frustrated <<<<<
Naw chill out
why are you such a fag? WHY ARE YOU SUCH A FUCKING DICK? ;)
you can plan it.
We are not sure, we think it may be a bear or tiger but do not know for sure. Where did you hear that?
Wait, I forgot I can't on Monday. I have something to do. :/
Great day of a White House tour capped w/ the House health reform vote. Curious about what will happen in Senate + conference.
Yeah... What she said! Thanks, Sha! RT Everyone follow !!!! If you like good music...
First one I can recall seeing you in was Gotham with Tommy Lee Jones. "Can I offer you a beer? Mayonnaise?"
You can always find people at thier best when the bloodviens in their eyes have bursted..
I cant find a swim suit top that fits perfectly...
Chillin' with until big day Friday #CPC2012 Main Event!
heh! yeah you kinda have to leave logic at the door.
Sample request of Products: Write me @
Basically they harass and nag people to get projects done on time. Although a good project manager can make all the difference.
Nice win #gonoles !
RT : #DJConfessions I refused $5 for a Lil Wayne request. I told the dude to go a buy a drink instead!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For I know the plans I have for you," declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm...
hi its michelle sup? ur cousin!!!
saturday at sake event...all your burger are belong to me! Coming out from California!
Designing and jamming out to Fun. on Pandora? Now that's how you start a Thursday off right!! :)
Hey everyone listen for me on 102.3 kjlh at about 1240!!
I'm not even worried about having a move tonight , cause come one week from today I'm gonna have too many...
Sure! (It's the satanic bible) " Seeing a girl enjoying God's creation WHILE ready her Bible is Very #attractive #mayijoinyou?
Acting like a terrorist in an airplane.
Throw a STRIKE!!! Damn!
The Toronto Raptors.... Chuck Barkley when asked what teams in the tourney can beat UK.
only way to do it !
Friend: I've had guinea pig a few times. And fermented spit. I'd rather be eating that right now.
FOLLOW !!!!!!!!!!! The hottest producer in the game!!!! LOVE THAT SHIT YOU DID WIT ROSS!!!!
let me know if you watn company. I can always use a taste of home and Black Note is darn good too.
you talk shit
S.M.V Stanley Clark, Marcu Miller, Victor Wouton collaboration for us Bassaholics check it out! BASS GIANTS!
you spammed me man
Had the best dream ever !! I think I actually cried real tears of joy /: why did I have to wake up ?!?!
hey danella shouting you out your dad( Mr.Fryar) banks with my job and I told him I met you yrs ago at BET'S spring bling :)
Emily thought I was going to have an accent...
Please ignore. Testing.
Another beautiful day in the Gorge.... What are you doing?
for what?!
haha no I want it all
doing homework at 11pm >
Dissatisfaction is a symptom of ambition. It's the coal that burns the fire.
they're up already?! Ugh.
Dude I'm gonna have to leave my house at like 5 if I ever want parking at this fucking school. -_-
I'm so so stupid today.
Idgaf if you don't love me. Idgaf if you don't care. Idgaf if you don't want me. Maybe I'm drunk or just down on my luck but I swear idgaf.
Happy Mothers Day !! Sorry so belatedly...hope it was wonderful!! xo
was a member of "the Machine" while at the University of Alabama.
my fight, is your fight<U+2665>.
let's talk Isa today!
LOL problem solved!
do you ever watch dog the bounty hunter. I love it. He is strong with Jesus like you.
I miss you!
visit www.sobevips.com!
u never texted me:)
Didn't have a good session at the Indian Casino, Was up good, down, back up, then out, Next Time ...
When results come from insignificant journals or authors they are not relevant! say blind testers. Whoda thunk? #c4l12 hee
uhh dont act like everyone knows you mug. you only wish you were that cool
Before I walk away, I'll fight for you..
Why these niggas up here try so hard to be like us
Can't wait for these playoffs tho! #TeamDazzy!
Waiting for the next session to start: What Do Libraries Want? Creating the Perfect Public Library Model
Leave it can be one of the most crucial commands for a dog<U+FFFD>s well-being
#justsoyouknow boys like real hair so much better
had awful nightmares all night about the game and I wake up and remembered that it still actually happened >:O
When a girl says "NO" A guy hears it as "try again tomorrow”
Thank you Bree!
That happened to me once Sarinne.... Alex told me to embrace it....
From #onetime to #baby to #Christmasalbum to #BOYFRIEND and now to #TurnToYou never fails me <3 I love you
Looking forward to a great 2012!
You're welcome! Get some dudes to buy you some drinks in that outfit! ;)
Success - The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
You can feed me strawberries before sex though.
THANK YOU for the table at PROTOS, ! Can't wait to attend with my team!
I want in my own pants
Why? Why am i doing this? Yolo, bitches(:
OMG, hi!!!!!! Our whole staff is talking about how much they love you right now, haha! Please join Springpad! cc:
I do follow SFX Baseball...my client is with them
This sounds fun. RT : TODAY'S THE DAY. Beer & films. Gas Works Park. 8pm. Be there!!
I wanna see Chernobyl Diaries!!!
Just when I think our students couldn't get more awesome, they turn out to be fire dancers!
Heh, heh, I didn't even notice the difference. I'm not observant. This is why I'm not a photographer.
Thank you buddy! Anytime you're in #downtownsac please come by the deli!
My husband likes to twaat!
no matter how many times i see that movie i always scream wen the door slams while they're sleeping!!!
Living, dead, or both?
I hate to tell you this, but I had to remove one from a woman's bathroom at a restaurant.
Pre holiday menu insomnia going full tilt here. But it's so much fun!
Is the current 1.8.1 build safe enough to use on a small server for friends?
got my ticket for bingo players(:
yeah that was toady, my nigga toady
HI REXIEEEEEEEE! IZ CAN'TS WAITS! GONNA BE AWESOME!!!!!
was that the Iowan's gut, or was he carrying around extra battery packs and tapes in that gut-looking fanny pack?
Good to reconnect as well! Send it my way! School is looking at platforms for next year.
thanks for the follow! hope you are excited for our line!
Happy Hour Blues tonight w/ guitar god Benito Dibartoli. Show starts @ 5. Plz swing by.
Good pussy will have u on Facebook and twitter looking like a soft ass nigga
I'm spiderman bitch I spin my web so quick around your head ill turn this whole goddamn situation into one big mess
I want to thank Nina LaNegra & all the staff at HALEY HOUSE CAFE for inviting me to talk about my art & the wonderful audience I met there
I like the bed I'm sleeping in, just like me it's broken in. It's not old, just older.
Jealous. I need a date with RT ": Grinding at with and the fam. Amazing food"
"Six thousand years of recorded history reads like this: opportunity mixed with difficulty. It isn't going to change. 'So,' you ask, 'how...
RT : What Models are in ATL? hit me up asap <-my atl followers contact
North Korea. North Carolina. I'm never wearing my North Face jacket ever again.
is having a long week.
Off early on a Saturday thank you Jesus
1:00am. No TROUBLE. LADIES LOOK BEAUTIFUL. I will ask questions about the game. YES. THESE ARE FOR NETWORKS Purposes.
omg I need to tell u something!:)))
Had a total social media nerd moment meeting Steve Biddle, who oversees US Retail at Facebook, and hearing his perspective. So cool!
Well I'm award winning as a writer, painter, photo . My site is redone but alot of info and prices still need added
when Carroll back to Detroit Auto Show 5 yrs ago 4 media event, I watched other designers and execs line up 4 autograph.
If there is a will there is a way.
If I'd know this is how it end I'd have rather you ignored me
“: Votto gives me a raging boner. Woah, juss kidding. I took that a little too far.” You're a liar. You're not kidding.
You made it through the week! Start your weekend right, with a black & gold: Harp topped with Guiness!
If I got paid for listening to 'Up All Night'... I'd be rich!
The Oregon Zoo is offering free admission for military (& family) this Friday to commemorate Veterans Day. (ID required)
"The treatments themselves do not 'cure' the condition, they simply restore the body's self-healing ability."-Leon Chaitow
"Yeah I'm fucking her cousin"
posted the link to denzel's video on Chrystee's fb page
its a celebration
Yeah, sometimes I can't help myself.
": Im going in bro..." I gotta go harder brotha.. Ingot ground to make up
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty
Thanks for great customer support. Problem is fixed.
I thought your spoons were usually stained purple?
we need to stop Sharia, first we need to get all religion out of government; Freedom OF religion, also freedom FROM religion
Giants are ok Cowboys are BETTER! Don't You Agree Nick(;
45% of small businesses are planning to increase their companies' resources for online video in the coming year- Small Biz MTKG Forecast
Why am I here when I should be #writing?
Dew points in 30s and 40s = Mainly dry cold frontal passage. Front moves through over next 3 hours. No more 80s for a few days.
Both! Our doggies were getting plump too, so we cut down on the treats and increased the walks. Now all of us are leaner!
It's amazing that I let you get away with telling me what to wear every day.
Heading to Nashville again to do more songwriting for the new album and for the World Vision Artist Conference - going to be a good week!
so jealous. Have fun!
Didn't know Madonna was a Ron Artest fan..
#thesandlot is on, I'm still in bed & windows are open.
at least the guys on the team still like him though
I got a "long bob"
severe storms well to the north, but the metro could see some of these storms pop up in our area later. warm with highs reaching low 90's
I see! May join u at 10:30. What else do I gotta do?
Cute outfit this morning on Sportscenter
! hand wash the other both wash the face
Eldest: *starts singing Puff the Magic Dragon* Me: "NO! Stop! That song makes me cry." Eldest: "Really? There goes your street cred."
Filming an acoustic video of our song "Details" today in Central Park with , pretty stoked!
#camnewton is doing a GREAT job!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I'm always looking for a good game and this one is pretty darn fun!! : ) .." by Summer
is re-doing all of the screams on our EP. Same release date, insane sounding screams ;)
I think they but pot in our brownies because im feel high af! hahahahaha
:( hey sleepover tomorrow :))
Do what you love. Be your own boss
Why do people continue to compare to Newton? Not same type of player.
speaking on keywords of feminist DH thinking; collaboration with all-star cast of DH women
-- Like your thoughts on edu! Was wondering if we could show your our stealth product we're building to get your thoughts?
Dogs are such subtle creatures. Like ours, who just grabbed her ball and jumped on my lap while I was doing sit-ups.
Cheeseburger and fries later, I'm in a Portillo's coma.
me to
Interesting findings. Any particular reasons why?
Thank you to everyone who braved the snow last night for #Web414 and a special thanks to and !
Sunburned legs yup....... and the hurt like hell urgggg!!!!!
#YouWasCuteUntil You Showed Me Your Teeth! So Disgusting!
Of course! Send us an email with your info on it and lets us know your interested. We will email you your voucher today :)
Hope is alright.
hahahaha i kinda already have it?
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight at LABC! We had so much fun! Hope has come.
comedians don't try to impose their beliefs on the world.
What does everyone think about 's new single Give Your Heart A Break and the new lyric video?
You can't keep a blessed man down. I'm still standing but by the grace of God!
FB can really be annoying. I can't get to my messages...when I scroll down it scrolls me back up. i need to delete my page altogether
idt that tweet was for you
Made a wink instead of a smiley face while sending a text...
Don't play dumb with me. Callin' me up breathing heavily into the phone.
ok. I will make sure I do the same
Live Nuggets Pre Game Show 5-8p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation,w/ & w/ guests &
I started looking for jobs up there last night!
wow, even is replying to What a brilliant marketing campaign!
My bill to ensure the Family Justice Centers provide the best services and protect a victim's privacy, passed Senate Approps Committee 9-0.
It's Super Bowl Solid Gold Oldies Sunday at HTLA! Stop in for 10 for price of 5 UV sessions (through Valentine's Day)!
Hahahahhaa . I just keep laughing
i want new clothes! when can i come to your store!?
Stayed up for nothing
if only i could ship them! lol
Um Iggy is a guilty pleasure. Pretty jealous of you right now!
Why surgical technology is a growing career in health care - Las Vegas Review-Journal
Netflix website always takes forever to load & all I wanna do is update the queue.
#YouKnowBritneysALegend when she has no promotion and still slays your fav thats jizzing promotion for themselves!
Is it still outside Fort Meade in that old motel? I loved the machine they used to crack Enigma.
COCO LOUNGE BOUT TO BE ON BLAZE TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!!
I want something real
Hey Knick game on now!
": I feel like we relate a lot. I'm always in my room. I only see my family for dinner during the school week"
We just started the film! Packed house.
Rough inning, but at least Charlie got out of it with the lead.
Picking up Pops tonight. I've definitely missed him.
Tap tap tapping their way to the city dump, hopped up like a pack of dogs.
Team Quiz Night! 8pm. ****NEW FIRST PLACE PRIZE!!!!*** $50 FIRST PLACE GIFT CERTIFICATE!
yes you are but don't worry I still got a few more days ! But its beautiful out here clear skys
I'm sure Kobe Bryant wants everyone to know he has diarrhea.
Chef Dirk's duck sausage, black cabbage & mustard spaetzle paired with house made "Gluhwein" Amazing concept!
"Say hey to the UP, eh" on a green flag shaped like a mitten doesn't have the same ring as "From my cold dead hands."
last first day of classes starts in 9 hours! I'm so ready to be done and start my career ambitions
When your dad randomly brings you home a pair of beats>>>>>
catch up E..u wildin
"...360-degree feedback seemed designed to benefit HR, not to help the average manager." Effron & Ort #OPTM via
my mom told me the same thing. I don't think so.
yes! And during their set nick was like "we're gonna play you a nice love song. Guess that's what all our songs are about"
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q6: What is the stack height for non-SFIC KeyMarkX4 cylinders?
That's Late lunch not Kate lunch
Lets jump in puddles n stuff.
Thanks, I will check out his work.
Its Filming In Maine!
Lol, Mandy: he's got a baby face now, but like a hot baby face. Jessica: so he's a hot baby? ;about Mr.Britts new haircut.
First super warm day in #seattle today, taking bets on how many of my students will show up to class today
Ugh, still hot! Where is this A/C repairman!! And what is it with Tuesdays? Last Tuesday the power was out on our block!
#SHOUTOUT: they follow back!!!!
wearing a cloth on your head for the 4th of July
They wont add me as a friend so I can tag them in their very own ugly ass photos so its going to be up to you guys to tag em for me.
We had a rather large event get postponed today because of the weather. Want to crawl under my desk and hide for a while.
That would be cool! I was talking about our CEO. :)
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do, you apologize for the truth.
hey you, how have you been?
Just heard on TV how you are louder than Chicago's fan section. Tear it up & cheer your hearts out!
Im so hungry yall :/ what should i eat?
Seriously though, I can't believe I'm excited that gas is $3.95 a gallon. That'd a damn shame. But better than what it has been.
Vote for #TeamRochee !!!!! It all counts!!!! They deserve to stay!
Dear Math, I have my own problems to solve. Sincerely, Me.
When we have done things right, people will assume we have done nothing at all.
We have a few more tickets left for battle of the bands tomorrow at 9:00 pm. Does anybody still need one??
lol gotta keep it real
Since it's black history month allow me to educate you. 73 percent of black kids are born out of wedlock
1) "World's Proudest Hoosier" 2) Grizz in a death match (in contained surroundings)..due to size and ferocity
Tam you can always reach me. I have a google number now. 619-537-8812. It is a VM. Use if you can't contact me.
hey what the jets are doing I feel like they not doing anything I am getting piss
Way to finish! RT : congratulations - you, nick and team should be so proud - hope u stick as the Paterno of UW!
feeling sleepy.. good night friends..
aloha joe! can we talk MLB with you tonight at 9:35 pm et?
thanks for mentioning our classes. I can't wait to see your 100diytips!
Spinning at Water St. Good time to come in for food and drink
Fortunately I was in my kitchen, so the only injury is to my mood. But I snapped tip off valve, so I assume whole tube needs replaced.
Go with "pantless." If "pants" is plural, then having not even one "pant" would do it. And pantsless *is* too hard to say.
I have a love-hate relationship with autism. Right now, I hate autism. I hate how it makes Leo nonverbal & unable to tell me what's wrong.
Can't turn back now!
#Titanic trivia: Dorothy Parker's uncle Martin Rothschild perished on #Titanic & her aunt survived. #UWS residents via
already home!
Riley ($98k), Wahl ($55k), and Keller's ($250k) are salaries off the books, Sounders now have $400k + allocation $
#business litigation. The avg cost to litigate a patent case exceeds 7.0 mi. Efficient enforcement processes are key to protect innovation.
us #knicks fans are rooting for you to come to the Knicks...
Maybe, right now I'm still valuing the last of my anonymity.
Hey #cville... where can I buy some small succulents suitable for terrariums? Also, mini ferns?
Have to be at WRTV studios tomorrow by 6 am...yikes! May have to make an exception to my newly-adopted "no-caff coffee" rule!
Weeks hit on the hand with pitch...I'm guessing torn ACL, out for the season.
Well I just woke up at 12 but it is Sunday and I would normally be napping by now... So nap time here I come!
We have FBI clearance! Woo!
New location has been posted, picture post will come tonight
my boyfriend is suppose to be helping me with my project but all he is doing is telling me to do it
i wanna know what love is ... can you show me?
Putting together some fun trivia for CW20's Afternoon Snack --> tune in 5PM-8PM to test your knowledge --->
hold up?!! U have an iPhone now? U got rid of the bb?? Omg!!!! No way lolol welcome!! Lol
I have to stop catching feelings for the wrong ones
i see you homie keep up the god work!
dude 215 is the official worst and I have those. So sh !
Now that it's not our problem I would like coverage of everytime Dawan Landry just falls down instead of doing something useful.
Best red carpet in the entire history of red carpets. That's a wrap.
Mysterious booms in Clintonville, WI have experts stumped. Tune in to for the latest reports!
you bet buddy
your dumb(: not even! Ill just get fat eating off peoples plates lmao jk jk
Call Me Maybe.
“: Another fun fact: you can waste the time and money of Trump Co. by making prank phone calls to 212-832-2000”
Prom dress in the front seat and old wheelchair in the back while I chug a Bud Ice. This must be what it feels like to live in Oklahoma
In my Father<U+0092>s house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. John 14:2
And to think 'Keeping Up with The Kardashians' was originally about jogging...
Loving this! ": Yes, Leo sun or Leo rising sign, it works the same way. You're on your way to fame and fortune once June hits"
Thats awesome -> Proudest accomplishment of my life: just found out 2 year old son calls beer "TJ Soda".
Why weren't James Loney, Andres Torres and David DeJesus elected to the All-Star team? They all have have similar stats to Derek Jeter.
my dear insanebro~I made myself love<3 the eARTh is n need <3's it hurts doesn't it? N the end, LOVE, worth it,u r 2!xoxo
Faaaack. Just busted 18th. Only paid 15 spots. I suck.
is getting a crash course in... everything.
chalmers is a honey badger!!
So excited for "A storm is coming" You know you made a good poster when my daughter is scared. care me if I hang in bedroom.
#cwgchina education tour update, Xi'an home of the terracotta warriors, west China, 200 people at event today, English levels not as good
k so heres the thing. Who do u love more? Paul or Darwin?
Everyone knows how to love, but not everybody knows how to remain in love with one person for a long period of time.
#FunnierThanCordova Ear pimples
I miss seeing you on TV. You are one of my favorite female wrestlers
thanku for follow x
Same here! Especially on a sunny day when all the color of the homes, cafes, fruit stands pop. :)
lol me either so i don't have to hear about you guys losing again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
The true measure of a man is what he would do if he knew he would never be caught. — Lord Kelvin
#askselena Will you go to Hong Kong?
Going to California! :]
As A People in SF - 1/22/09 @ Red Devil Lounge w/ Dubious Ranger (farewell show). www.asapeople.com
doesn't resonate with me either and I've lived in it for 35 yrs
Barrett's going to end the #waronwomen but surrounds himself with sexist proxies? mT : needs to pronounce her "g"s
Lets make it a memorable one on the 18th!
How's everyone's Monday going???
Thanks! I sure will. What is the best format in which to send it to you?
My lil sister Wins!!!! 'Supporting Actress' for her role as Katie in 'Roll Call' =] So proud....yay Kiana!
Kentucky should go to the NBA playoffs after the #final four!
It's a Dawson's Creek kind of Saturday night.
break out the beer, I'll do the same!
My best advice re: arguing w/ ur spouse? Go thru ur cat. Him: Buddy don't listen to mamma, she's crazy. Me: Duh Buddy. I married ur father.
"I'm worth what ever I feel" Do you know who's #tigerblood quote is this?
Internet has being going in/out for over 2 weeks, even with new modem shipped. I am planning on ending my service.
and they boys actually pronounced "albany" right hahaha
Um does he have beads in his hair?... Is he 30?
Ohh keep judging while reading. Get over it. I donate shit.
I-girl .... can not blame me, can not lie to me !!!.... I need to love, to kiss and hug gently, gently ...
Me too! Too cute, aren't they?!
Check out the homie #SpacesBetweenUs TODAY! Support good music.
Sorry- Chris Flanagan- Assistant Principal Mercer Elementary Cincinnati,OH
yes I have no excuses! Did 5.3 miles this morning. Getting back into my walking routine. I love This initiative.
.....and are ur weekly picks posted on that super-cool CDB App that everyone needs to download?????
It Rains over the city because you're gone..
Thanks! I was going to make a longer & more formal comment, but in the end, I decided just to cut to the chase.
VINNY NEEDS TO WEAR GLASSES ALL THE TIME
Just saw 's fantastic new play!! Congrats! <3
Opening Night was fantastic, hope to see you all at the Hall soon!
and yet you still only had flip-flops when you came here in May. LOL
say hi to me please :) love u
Happy Birthday to the homie
yup yup here@ Wk...
++1 MT Thank U each for a great evening
Customer Orientation Defies AB Testing Convention in new Hotel Booking Website ... - MarketWatch (press release)
the high in Toronto today was about 10 F so pretty cold for soccer
Meanwhile, Biden works to perfect his "This is a big f!@#ing deal" comment.
My mom bought me random roses, she's the best (:
I was so drunk last night the US navy would've been impressed
Thx 4 the follow. Let me know if I can help you.
can a sistah get some love... Where's my people ?????
Trying again: Any #edtech researchers studying online courses offered by or or ? I am & I'd love to connect.
Be careful what you say to someone today. Because tomorrow they may not be here. And you can't take it back.
"Metaphor is not my friend tonight." (overheard at #dareproject development)
do you miss me :)
but just to maintain the current $700 m backlog steady would require about $90 million a year total expemditures from Prop S and
send me it and I will ring you.
fna listen to an fnd sum to eat 4real this time lol
As of a little over an hour ago, I am the newest member of #savoa , the "Society of Accredited Voice-Over Artists." Check out savoa.org!
Thanks guys :)
This time of the year makes me so happy :) schools almost over and my birthdays in 18 days :)
#ViceVerses completed this morning for me Thank You
it's good to see how much Twitter brings people together and Facebook rips them apart :)
Did you know? Tulip bulbs were more valuable than gold in Holland in the 1600s.
You know what would make this even better/scarier? Asbestos covered leads.
Happy Birthday to longtime customer and resident crank, Marvin Rhodes! He's really old!
"If we're not talking about education as a 1st tier issue in this country, we're wasting our time" at #CollegeBoard South Forum
Someone whom you can trust.
ah, was wondering what you meant. It wasn't a critique, I was unfollowing some of the people who didn't follow me and(cont)
Im still not sure about this.
It's almost tax season. offers FREE shredding for Montgomery County!
is a whore
I am reading so many tweets on my time line that are making me laugh so hard. :) :) :) this is awesome
Please note the updated time on our August 28 concert. The concert starts at 5pm, not 7pm!
Catching up on the podcast. impressed again! Candid, Ohnest, and well worth listening to. Lunch on me if you ever pass through.
shouts to my Whiskey Drinkers....we are we are gods amongst men
#WhatMakesMeSmile Your face :D
Wondering y ppl have a problem w/sales. anyone who's anyone is in sales. Musicians, athletes, actors, models. Billionaires & millionaires!!
Even though we fight, I love ya girl!
Love the ropes //// tell that .ropes she can't RUN . she is a smokeshow but ,no can do on running ringropes
What up Y'all Jamie Jones is in the building! It is a very small world.
Yea! Was so good to see her...a nice surprise. (she's right, btw) RT : my mom says your kid's pretty cute!
We love superficialities, masks, roles and personas. The poor have no time or means for that. That's why we're a fake-o nation.
Guy in truck cuts me off in the crosswalk and flips me off as he goes by. Easily could have stopped. On a residential side street no less.
the past hurts Crowe
super busy getting ready for the BIG dance show, but good!
where in the world did the morning go??
I need pie eye pizza!
I like the type of people that says: you look awesome, when you really know that's not true
#industrynight starts tonight from 8-10pm. unwind after your week in the weeds with 1/2 prices bottles of wine. it's going to be a good time
#lopezsalido 2 one of the best fights I've seen in a long time!
You tell me that you'll change if I be with you, but I already have someone that doesn't need changing.
This type of diet emphasizes low-fat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, low-fat dairy products and beans
LOL, I knoww! Love you to! :D
There are plenty of good ones out there, but one of my favs is probably "Everyday I'm shuffle LIN."
lol I started stalking you when I first got it and I was like "really she can't follow me back" haha
www.varsityjackets09.com Now 100$ of the six time PGH commemorative jacket 412 873 8262 Till Today only Call BOb
join the party :) we like funny people AND we like people who just THINK we're funny!
Inhaling an airbag sounds like being in very personal contact with a politician. ;-D
but what about the ensuing budget cuts??
Dead bodies too .... Or so I hear.
how was orientation?
i like that wine, though never had it in a box!
lol just saw a Scott Walker and a Barack Obama sticker on the back of an old car.
It was the one and only song I ever learned on my guitar. Since forgotten. My hands are too tiny to play my acoustic. #
Come see us tonight at Treasure Island - 1opm... they let the badge-less folk in if it's not full!
When I imitate my mom's voice, I make her sound more Mexican than she actually sounds. I can't help it.
openlayers on IE vexes me yet again...
I agree. This wouldn't happen if we weren't so numb to violence from every day shows and news
Yeah! We have 199 followers! Which lucky person/business will be 200?!
If you keep people at arms length for long enough, you may find, when you lower your arms, there is no-one there.......
U enjoy benefits from government u don't have the intellectual capacity 2 realize. W/ur philosophy we'd all be living in caves.
Real real, say word. You ain't neva told no lie. You ain't neva told no lie...
Rt I hate crap like that. Because my #OCD makes me double check. We're good.
"You alright man? No, I'm far from fucking being alright."
"Remember, when you're with me, it's the only time you're not the strangest person in the room. So go ahead, get weird with me."
Morning #Bmore! Word of the day. Disappointment. We all will be disappointed in something, a person or ourselves. Key is not accepting it!
Gorilla marketing is on the rise I hear.
Follow . It's funny.
I don't cavalierly call women whores, but Bristol Palin is attacking my family when she herself couldn't keep her fucking legs shut.
they just ball out EVERY minute of the game. It's insane. I love them.
I hate when my echinacea vitamins spill out all over my purse
Hot in hurr.
Real man pray.
they will be worth the wait!
Never sleeps...
And I wanted to especially shout out this weekend. If there was ever a promotion I wanted to rise so bad, it's them.
If I have to miss weigh in or get a shitty seat because of this I will fucking snap. Fuck spirit airlines
Awesome :) we love to hear it! RT Just spotted a in Vancouver! Reminds me of being home I'm SD
Im sorry <3
i Miss My Abuela/:
I think we might being a Kickstarter to get the rest of the volume edited - freaking editing is expensive
I saw some white folks posing with riot cops for pics earlier today. It was cute.
Bork's tattoo is hard to draw but Punk's are harder :/
Excellent Fringe closer tonight! Not hanging on to find out what happens next. Kinda....
Wow! Did you try searching for your name using this?
oh okay anyways wyd
I'm tired of getting hurt.
me ima g. a real ass g. what im sayin is ,...you caynt fuk wit me.
what's up dork!
Saying Happy Birthday to my one and only sibling, my quiet, but CRAZY brother Thurston! Love ya!
I didn't know NASCAR had an allstar race
Who is watching the game today during lunch? Are you skipping work?
Yes, Thats Great. I will do a New post Next Week.
Free beer here dog. “: ha ha ha. Ur right”
Really? Yay! Lol. I'm so torn cuz I like it short but I also like it long
"Hope" is out. "Forward" is in. I am so glad "reverse" or "back to the future" did not get selected.
I just screamed!
#Transitions are a part of life, embrace them.
just set my 2012 goals....focused! I'm here to take advantage of everything these people take for granted! but for now, let's go Ice!
"The world is a canvas to the imagination." -- Henry David Thoreau
sike! im never going back I hate this Droid lol
#kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Welcome Ashley! We are happy to have you!
Hey Chris You Have An Amazing Voice And I'm Only 13 And You Are My Inspiration , I Would Love if You Followed Me #LoveLife (:
looking for documents or guide for schools to use when they are selecting on-line course software for students...any suggestions...
Madonna your dress is making my boobs hurt
RT : thanks to i got free tickets to
Oh for fucks sake here we go again.
I WANT A POSTER FROM THIS PHOTOSHOOT OKAY.
awww haha i was like wait i wanna play! Wait shoot girl are you playin in college / where are you going?
On a scale of 1-10 (10=high), how much do you enjoy playing CF? What's your fav pos?
I'll stick up for because I was there tonight and our whole section was absolutely drunk and very annoying
. a little too late for the husband....your company essentially killed him. #
It's too hot to be in this car. I'm ready to get back to my bed. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
better question: will U of L's tourney run last longer than Rick did inside Karen Sypher?
Great way to start the day...
No problem chica... saved my life with a pair of shoes yesterday, so I know how it goes, LOL
Write my research paper or watch Harry potter???? Oh I'll write my research paper on Harry potter. Thesis: should magic be real? F yes!
That a boy! RT“: just so you know I refrained from a carpet matching the drapes comment on your fb post, cuz I'm a classy guy.”
Playing with circuits
To minister to people all around the world thru your death is a powerful thing. Had no idea I would react this way.
a self-hating man.
I knew the second the production assistant for the Blue Man Group knelt down next to my seat and smiled...I was in the show.
If my phone dies, im not chargin it til tonight.
Chris Paul so dirty..
"b*tch i'm single. . yeah i'm single."
RT : My plans never work out...
Good times at The Hard Rock Tampa last nite! 2nite gonna RAWK St Petersburg FL at Suite Six -- Club Mixes w LIVE GUITARS
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb The person who made this is dumb.Were called DIRECTIONERS not,1D that's that band.Dumbass.
Karmas a bitch... Not the club <3 jersey babyy
Brian Urlacher is a great defensive end.
Where did you get your business cards printed?
I love the name Taylor
You've almost made it #PDX! #Happy Hump Day!
Fun seeing #CarrotTop w/ my brother! Creative, imaginative, funny throughout-Good show Good rec &
I'm thinking Conejitos tomorrow for dinner and then harry potter (I haven't seen it yet!)
it sure was:) haha.. hope all is well:)
RT : R.E.M. just disbanded. Guess it's up to me now...
Want to make your house smell great? Message me and I'll send you a Scentsy scent of the month sample.
for some reason twitter wont let me see who followed me
ok wat ever u say
- been trying (unsuccessfully) to buy three tickets for Sigur Ros this morning. It won't even let me select one. Any help?
Only. 3. Away.
Winners about to be announced!
are you guys coming to Chicago soon
good numbers for uk game.
why trader Joel's specifically?
night talk
I almost edited "squicky" what did we editors do before the Urban Dictionary?
No need to panic yet! You have until midnight on April 17 to get your #taxreturn submitted.
my parents dont want another dog :(
has anyone used Ustream yet for a webcasting option? Have been looking into it as an option
yeah lol im okay
so to follow that up, what the hell was SD thinking letting sproles go? Have yet to hear decent answer.
Found and my childhood best friend at Wal-Mart. What a small world!
how were the sharks??
If y'all can get to Snooze for breakfast one day you will have a happy tummy.
My day has been a whirlwind of almost non-stop questions!
totally, right!! Good town brother
My older dog, a great big Lab mix, is named Mingus. Happy
New Bonnie Raitt album... is AWESOME!
yes, Council approved the motion, but we have to negotiate with city staff on terms and then will go before Council next mo
I want to be just like on Austin and Alli getting a new job everyday cuz
The new Sleigh Bells album could be a Twin Peaks soundtrack.
haha Harry stamper is the man.
germinating these ginkgo seeds... wish me luck
hahaha or they are like air and water. The only important things in this world
are you starting a company??
mixing desk blueprints with
Its cool! But next time call me!
": Love that infographic, but I want to know how no one missed that mistake!" It was the excitement, I'm sure!
Thanks for all of your support for my music and shout outs to I think it's pretty darn cool! Keep it going, I feel the love
i have to write a 150 word spanish paper tomorrow in study hall. poop on my life!
My 16th Bday my sister complained cause I gotta BLACKBERRY TORCH. Her 16th Bday . . .
Do it! It's still only January, so you're not too far behind yet.
#UVa Alums can check out books, use all databases in house, and have select databases from home. Also, free refworks!
I can't watch that shit. I refuse. I'm done.
I heard on NPR that the letters don't get any higher as years pass. Those seem to validate that fact.
yeah dude! whenever it rains like this, all I wanna is sleep & eat. haha I knocked out book on face drool n all. So attractive.
worlds smallest inconsistent strike zone
Love it! which do you have? Printer crusher? Zero inbox?
It's FRIDAY..need I say anymore???
You read Hunger Games?
are you always on this thing?
Thanks for the RT :)
Yes Happy Mothers Day Gretchen,also why is Dianne Feinstein even walking through the doors on Fox News Ewwwwwwwwwwww
Dilma has the highest approval index since she became President and the highest index for a president in office for 1 yr and 3 months.
What the heck is happening at hollywood and highland?
Its so cold out :P
I'll go anywhere
Right now on : interviews
Hillaby quoting an elderly dalesman on Yorkshire usage of the familiar 'thou': 'Sithee, lad: thee thou them as thou's thee and not afore!'
what are you doing? Just having a party?
you might have too many apps for your memory
LLN Reports on William R. Patterson, Author and Speaker - May 03,2012 Mike Boehler and Michele Rempel reports on William R. Patterso
duh best dinner ever
And I must say, I was stupid. Selfishly, she consumed.
#teamfollowback I always will follow back. (: ALWAYS. check my following/followers(;
its the end of the road
No one can dispute the contribution fried chicken and sweet tea has made to my life personally... :)
Amazing Right!! Gaga is an incredible smart & talented human being who fights for those of us who are different!!
You see it....when you believe it...Happy Thanksgiving!!
Last Day at College for the Spring. After this day, my music projects begins. Expect new music from yours trutly.
Bucs vs Colts tonight at 6:30! Come experience Bomber Monday with $4 off all bombers!
Trying out my new phone!
Got SUPER TACTICAL last night - what a blast, we'll be back!!!
yes i think it will just take some good old fashioned pair programming!
Wow ... that's all the #Broncos get??? RT : Breaking news: Ny Jets have just traded a 4th round pick for Tim Tebow
lolz i cant stop watching ur videos luv u Austin!!! Call me maybe:):):):) <3<3
Did JB just say he would be my buzz lightyear?
i dont think so..
tambien e.e
Will have to add it to my list! RT : Just finished 's book on nat'l security budgeting .
In my dream, I was shopping for a horse in a pet store with Alexa but then we saw kittens so we spent all of our money on them.
Wish a nigga wld like a tree in this bitch .....
Thank God Lent is over, cause I've been up since 3am and I need some coffee. It is about to be a very long day.
Eternal cough - Holistic remedies are losing.. Don't want to go see Doc Michael. He is not keen on prescibed solutions.
Same to you :) RT : - Thanks for the follow!
Where is mrs. Right
Denversports will be @ #DU #Hockey this weekend selling raffle tickets to our amazing Olympic Raffle www.denversports.org
I don't. I didn't realize all of his sites are down. If you're really inclined, I could dig up his email address and DM you.
the only way today could've been any better is if I was the #MegaMillions winner!
man ! i love my new car , love my family, love my bf and gunnna love my new job hahah <3 life is good
OMFG YOU GUYS LIAM SAID MY NAME ON TWITCAM.
Congrats on Mizzou's win!
My foot doesn't quite fit into my mouth. Otherwise, it would be there. Unless you're kidding. In which case, I hate you.
How many fire trucks does it take???
they a good organization but don't care about they players, they only care about winning
It's National Clam Day. What better excuse to grab some clam chooowwwwdaaaaa! Who makes the best in San Diego???
If You Destroy My Trust Your Never Gettin It Back
Probably Austin
When Republican debates turn to social issues I get all tingly inside, like I'm being tickled in the loins by one of the disciples.
When is your concert in Edmonton,Canada going to be??
Are you ready for your kids to go back to school?
#artservicesguild art installer David Adler busy with #abmb clients. Will u be at the fair(s)? Looking forward to any in particular?
If they wanna Hate let they ass Hate jus make sure u give em sumn good to Hate on
Still, falls into the same category as Coldplay, Train, and every other annoying band I actively avoid.
Mungiu is the 1st Romanian director to win the Golden Palm at the Cannes, for '4 Months, 3 Weeks & 2 Days.' Starts tomorrow
Lots of recall Walker people out there today
Kesha doesn't look black though..
RT : In the Kingdom of God it's far more important to be caring & compassionate than cool, clever, & creative.//Yes
just caused a preemptive spill to prevent a spill. It must be #blogathonatx !
Josh Jones is a great local percussionist. He plays everything well. Noontime FREE lunchtime Latin concert today at Yerba Buena Gardens 12
Break a leg babe!
Coming up on Friday, October 8th; Rich Adams, Roy Vogt and I will play for you at F. Scott's Jazz Bar! I will post a regular event soon.
they just showed Alfred grilling Bertrand Berry on NFL Network Follies: "If you're tired take a knee, but DONT COME OUT DA GAME!!"
...which limits how many relatives I can find to those whose address as of 1940 I know or can find in online records.
#Foxtrot is used by health systems to improve revenue cycle managment. Collection updates post to core systems automatically with
thank u! =D
8 more followers until we hit 200! Please support us and hit that follow button!
#Rosebud theaters permanently close this Sunday.. Say it aint so!
Listening to debate that #china does capitalism better than America at
ha RT mznellynelle_ after watching worldstar hip hop...i also need a fitness ball *walks away and w1k4pS
thanks for the RT! Have you ever eaten at our place? You should stop in sometime :)
Republican hatred of Obama shows they are about POWER, not policy. If issue was policy they'd be thrilled that a Dem governed this far right
I need a nap and a vacation.
love it! just names, no words necessary!
Got on last call for my flight!! #Clutch gene!!
Another big thunder/hail dorm in ATL, loving it
Wow! How did you find that out? Wasn't that the millionaire guy? Cool!
Thanks! appreciate it. Good luck to you 2.
we just waiting for them diablo servers
CALL JENNIFER THE GM OF CHOP SHOP RADIO SET IT UP 2107846094
I hope my trainer isn't hot or I'll get nervous <U+263A> lol
oh fuck yeah :)
yayayay i love how ur prob reading this and being all confused XD sorry we do that alot
how is it?
you could have responded with "I'm not the hooker you ordered." and then just stood there.
I got a guy interested in doing a kombucha session. Still trying to find out if NessAlla is interested.
Definitely just found my church home here in Nash. (:
Great field trip today. Lots of fun. Small groups, lots of support, organization are all key. It's so nice to get out of the building.
Pay Phone. only song i somewhat like by maroon 5. mainly because it has wiz khalifa
aye sweatpants!
#ICantStandPeople That Swear Everybody is Out To Get Their Bf or Gf.
My disconcertment is equally spread out between the groups of people clamoring for Sookie and prostitution.
Looking good!
So we just get back from Boston and my dad goes and cuts the grass.... Lmfao whut?
Caffeine addiction: the first step on the road to cocaine addiction?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
sorry i missed ya , I'm here now though
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one...
Awh shucks thanks! :) RT Shoutout to just cause I love her.
Jack Nicholson
you say im such a dog
It was on the history of student annotation and notetaking, early modern through ebook (all in 20 mins!) +
Does anyone know Amanda Felizianos Tumblr name?
this jacket is so #DOPE shout out to a
back to reality, which really isn't bad at all. there has been lots to celebrate lately.
Judge David Flanagan is now taking up a trial on the state's new Voter ID law. This case was brought forward by the NAACP and VdlF.
uh, it's just #oneofthesedays ...so tired.
Lucky no yellow on Kei
I wanna go to New Orleans on the most ignorant idea... 2 beads...
yes i will. Miss my sister crystal!
SAY SOMETHIN AND IM JAMMIN OUT . I LOVE THIS SONG <33
Absolutely, he seemed just as fired up for the game as the players were
SO its official lol I NEED an IPAD!! lol :)
Whoa, feeling the Ambien kick in.
Who should I put in my bracket for the Final Four?
looks interesting....just put it to Diigo and to math group : )
Summer, you could not come any slower.
im bout to make me some cheese eggs bitch lol
Nicholas Klinger - "Could you hear that?" [it was a silent video] There were lots of important messages there...."
lol i will be so sad if that happens :( n yeahh that'd be cool
Yet he is attacking medicinal marijuana laws. U hollywood liberal shithead.
Easy 5 miles this morning in the Cleveland MetroPark. Love the horse trails.
Rip is letting 'em hang tonight, confidently
I'm getting Gary a tee shirt that says "96% of the care Planned Parenthood provides is preventive."
I did go to a titty bar and an Irish pub in Ulanbataar
For real though who is the mother in How I met your mother...
Oh hai Are you still at J. Ryans for the #tweetup in #syracuse? I'm new & need to meet some ppl!
This is a fair budget. It retains education funding and keeps higher education affordable.
Why do you retweet your retweets? Is it so you can get more retweets? Is it really that serious?
did u hear bout the hunger games contest from scholastic grand prize winner gets 2 go 2 the premier!!www.scholastic.com
Working my way through our 7" collection, so much good stuff I forgot we had. I'm so happy Mitch got me a record player for Xmas!
Getting on a flight alone with 3 hours of sleep in me, i hope i make it back alive
So I'm gonna continue to watch/listen to #MARSunplugged until I fall asleep! :) Thank you so much
I'm jealous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Raspberry-Coconut is here in Harvard Sq! We still have Peppermint-Oreo but not for long!!
Getting ready for the day
cool with me
Looking forward to entertaining our amazing troops tonight!
Nympho Pimps..We keeps bitches on deck who stay super wet while they give neck
My entire Artfire studio is 50% OFF!!! This is my biggest sale before the holiday season- prices will not be lower this year!!!
NIIAAALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Well lost hm 3-11 start & dead last & this tv deal suck the big one Uverse cant see games... No DVRing games this season :(
Looks like Nadal and Djokovic are about ready to pass out!
Hey, wait a minute. You sound like you have a little experience broom riding. What gives? Or did you Google it? MOL!!!
Working my last Sunday reference shift. This would normally be a joyous occasion, but the main lab printer is borked.
Oh my God! I just wrote 1,000 words in an hour by hand (ouch)! I love a good writing spree! I have earned the chocolate I'm about to eat.
Being in cali=waking up before 6am feeling well rested. wish I could do the same thing at home!
lets try!
I'm a shrimp guy.
Ron Jeremy, prostitutes, and porn at epic church today??! Check it out at xxxchurch.com or epicchurchlv.com
great meeting you in chicago!!
I hope the Indiana Pacers can find a coach who can lead them to over .500 or maybe some consecutive wins.
Nice! Justin wanted us get married at the Alamo Drafhouse- during a dbl feature-recoup some $ by charging admission. We didn't.
I like u a lot I need to get some drinks w u soon.... I know is laugh guarantee :-) xoxo
im going too :'( lol
To remind a man of the good turns you have done him is very much like a reproach. Demosthenes (384 BC - 322 BC)
im gonna miss your braces but your gonna look great without them :) not to mention hot lol
maybe what you want to do is changing.
Have a student who is bored out of her mind. My school moved quickly to move her to honors and put her on track to graduate early. Awesome.
i wonder if the saleswoman who took my shirt off is single.
I am for med weed. I am for meditation. I am NOT for big pharma, or bs.
a triumph of perseverance after a lifetime of teeny tiny arms.
I thought I was watching a Daffy Duck cartoon... turns out I was watching ESPN and Lou Holtz was talking.
ellie likes to sit on my shoulder.... i put her back in my lap, and she just climbs right back up!
a stuffed nose with a ur nose pierced is a terrible feeling :(
If I don't answer ya call..Means,pick a different conversation..Not talking Money then..Me don't speak €nglish
Why do we run the ball on first down every f'ing time!!!! #BBN #Kentucky Our coaches are turrible
What's going on with our Buff. Bills.The best looking team in the NFL by WSJ and now the smartest QB in the league.Will this help get jobs?
Golden mustards, purple mizunas and beet greens salads w fish fry at tonight...come say hi!!
A Human Thought is an actual Existence, and a Force and Power, capable of acting upon and controlling matter as well as mind.
Congrats, Tricia! MT : Mission accomplished! Best academic semester of college since sophomore year and Summa Cum Laude!
Oh why did i ever doubt you? You know i would die here without you! <3
where is that ? NTB ? And why you go there ? And are you in USA now ?
Just woke up from much-needed sleep after driving from Las Vegas last night
My Chemical Romance for me. Who's your favorite band?
IF THIS NIGGA TWEET ONE MORE THANG BOUT HIS HAPPY ASS RELATIONSHIP IMA BE SHITTY! WE AINT ALL GOT THAT MUTHAFUCKA
Thanks so much Steve. Finding the time to process has been tough but worthwhile. Was great seeing you and Jason at Q.
you are such a thug, fuck.
Just LOL'd. Blake - you crack me up!!
sorry for the lack of updates yesterday, soo many interviews!
oh where , oh where my baby be?.
Brilliant ambush marketing by Sasha Baron Cohen promoting The Dictator on #eredcarpet by spilling urn on Seacrest. Controversy sells.
yo why the staffed hours close so early though? Lol
I love you!!!!!!(: Your an amazing ACTOR! Please follow me backk.
#Republicans crying #classwarfare" is like the the giant bully on the playground crying when the poor picked on kid finally fights back.
your webinar is on December 15th? That was last Thursday.
Bearcats back in action this upcoming Friday and saturday against NEO. Friday, double header at 12pm. Saturday, one game at 12pm.
you inspired me to make a twitter lol
their flower show. they worked hard on it, but u can see the corporate crippling of art. so bland im not offended
Think Arias learned his lesson about hustling. He was in full Bryce Harper mode.
must be panicking.
I recall this day in 2011 honoring Dr. King's legacy of #solidarity with organized labor at a rally featuring
Thanks for the souvenir SF!
Going thru designs picking out the first set to be sent to the printer! We're making moves for the first District Element photoshoot!
you have now been officially booted from 426.
you're killing me with the Spanish, si, mucho trabajar! :)
Game at 2 we have to go out there n,work hard...
Just had one of the biggest reliefs of my life
Doesn't a Trans Am make you a dbag? : Tinted windows on your car makes you look like a douche bag.
Scar tissue that I wish you saw, sarcastic mister know-it-all
New Plectrum Ent. website launched today! We are looking for new talent to add to our lineup from the New England area!
Is the Tim/Faith run in Vegas really just hitting the Internet now? My mom told me weeks ago... Was I not supposed to know? Haha
Strong win huskies, lets finish out the year on a high note
no way! Thank YOU Mer!!!!! You're the best.
-- Eh, judgment call. He doesn't strike anyone out ... that's kind of important.
Yes. Fast forward 19 plus years from now, yes. Still yes.
5x5 front squats @ 245 followed by a nice little thruster - box jump couplet.
Pre-gaming Thanksgiving with a huge box of brownies. I love #nau care packages.
VonChurch is currently looking for network programmers for gigs in San Diego, Texas, and BEYOND! Ping for more!
Can I get a RT if you love the new #RTSCruiser?
RT Have u ever been put in the 4 Leaf Clover #curlyUncut ...copyright infringement ©
are you voxing now?
I think that's more of a reference to swallowing.
Pretty crazy that the Louisville, Kentucky and Ohio State are in the final four this year. I have ties to all three schools -- oh man!
god god god god
Trying out new TECHNOLOGY!
who is at live sporting events right now? What's going on??
I just competed in the rooster crowing competition.
yeahh i agree
Listening to re the Arab Spring, Twitter & the new shifts in power at US Arab event
New york undergrounds will b playing my music 9pm tues&fri plz show me some support ! Thank you!! Plx
we are the same person BOY!!!
Wow. That was...pretentious
Silver Springs with some twisting wind right now
#WhenAustin made a video saying happy valentines day to everyone. <3
Doing homework now so i can watch Live cghat!!!!
Glad to hear it...we'll have to get him a cocktail next time :-)
a good blog helps define yourself for yourself as well as others
The guy running around on the field should have watched The Incredible. No capes!
We think "The Same" is our best song, what about you? Let us know why at Yesterdayrocks.com!!
We don't need no stikin' story...
hates hospitals :( i'd like to go home now please
so now what lol
Excitement is nice,why aren't self-advocates included in the chat today? nothing about us w/o us
At wpas women's committee meeting and am dying to see the lois mailou jones exhibit afterwards here at the natl museum of women in the arts
Meeting with later this week to plan a new campaign for Chesterfield. Looking forward to collaborating with their team.
did you check your local library? O.o
<U+200E>- If That Boy Don't Love You By Now . . . He Will Never Ever Never Ever Love You <U+2665> `
Archbishop Dolan named Cardinal.
uh... That some kind of sick joke?! :) of course I do!
I think hobo vagina is illegal in Ohio. Fish tacos are not.
they come when they want ;)
So excited to see Beauty and the Beast tonight at the El Capitan!
Opera music blasting out of a stranger's house on a cloudy day.
signed up for chelseas run, you are welcome to join if you still want to!
The last 10 minutes is the first I've ever seen Barca disorganized. El Madridistas are flying high. Benzema, Ronaldo and Ozil are on.
thanks for following <U+2665>
With and Lindsey
I kno my bae ass is knocked
Shoutout to my new Followers..
Alex & Robert, tweet, tweet.(:
u mean mon
well your a loser too then.
Christmas Shopping #ForTheWin {:
just was listening to a bunch of old stuff I did with those were the days...what type of stuff where they.
8 days & counting people.
sitting in a cafe upstate drinking vino & listening to some coffee house rock! Heading to Toronto in the am! Raincheck!! lol
haha you're so random... i love it
Called the station, they told me that my honey is there but they're knocking down quickly. He should be home soon
I remember going to school late to get the new Jordans (1st time out EVER) and be the first to have them on in school
Like new tech re online learning; am still concerned with content, student relations, educational values, aesthetics, and application.
#Pow RT : I have a super power of creating meeting agendas that run on time and are workable. Where is the cape for that?
yeah even the Huns got one to delay my #titleparty . Just day in and watched immortals, good flick
Yes, i wear high waisted shorts/pants but, who told bell bottoms were a trend?
When is someone gonna start the trend of wearing all spandex?
Thanks for stopping by! How was breakfast?
thanks for the great pics - I am starting the day with a smile!
Halloween Happy Hour tomorrow with the JustFabulous crew! Can't wait to see all my fabulous creatures in their outfits!
unable to DM bcuz u r not following me. Not a birthday gift, heavy reader vice TV watcher. I believe she would love ur book
Fuck The Boys && Girls Club
I think it's just too much off the top. :o
Thank you, sugar face! Life is good. :)
Looking like I'm smoking by myself tonight.
took my son (on a rainy humid day) to see Pirates of C in 3D, poor kid was begging me. Ok.. it was really because I wanted to see it.
totally agree
Come here kids, I'm gonna grape you in the mouth!
If you watchd the show b4, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOIN IN THEY HOUSE
I bought an iBoat & it's syncing!
When people say they "Give 0 fucks' << clearly you gave enough fucks to make a tweet about it
WHOA! is on a prize giving roll right now! An iPod Touch and a signed guitar?! How cool!
I thought the Buffett Rule involved margaritas and cheeseburgers?
I love 's book "Act like a lady, but think like a man". After seeing the movie, that made me wanna buy the book.
Jefferson is on fire!!!!!!
#aam2012 I'm at Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report - 101 G - just started come over
money and wine... What else is there really?
It's Wednesday...time to stir it up on the show. We'll talk about the #Heat, tempers flaring in #MLB and more.
u got the city goin crazy wit that record broyo...niggas been hitttn my phone askin bout it
Ugh off to lay by the pool
I'm gonna lay on the floor and sleep.. Right now
3 Stocks Every Trader Should Know About (&amp; Why): ETAK, SATC, LEE - SmallCap Network
SHOUTOUT TO: <<< FOLLOW! MY 500th FOLLOWER!
"Oklahoma A&M Narrowly Beats Texas A&M in Gridiron Football Contest" No need for compliments; I've got a way with words.
If the world is all a stage, then I figure I am the guy who throws the tomatoes
who is you calling foo, my asian nigga?
Get in your space ship
i love z true long island story
RT 80/20/30 rule. If 80% of problems come from 20% of your clients, then cull the 20% and your profits rise by 30%.
Start an intellectual revolution. #therevolutionwillbelive?
My dreams are so terrible and real that I think that I might somehow be morphing into Harry Potter or the guy from Final Destination
Working late on a Friday Night...Keeping #Pittsburgh Computer Users #Virus Free...
Thanks, lady...it's been a lovely day :)
Bye bye blondie!
NLC's Johnson- creative partnerships with Federal gov't - Let's Move Cities & Towns w/ First Lady, Cities United w/ Dept. Justice
cool where are you guys located?
okay, wth is wrong with people, keep saying what you want, idc!
Gov't Mule to play at the Cabooze in #Minneapolis on August 21!
Today is gonna be the hardest day ever for me;getting ready;going to dunks to get a coffee with paul;rip brian I miss you so much :(
Jimmy Fallon - Slow Jam The News with Barack Obama: Late Night with Jimm...: via
they say im tripping but i ain't fall yet!
RT : On my way to the in Dothan, Alabama to pick out my final wardrobe!!
Big at-bat for Matt Kemp
NASTY GURL TAKE IT OUT HA ASS PUT IT IN HA MOUTH”
“: how are you, lady? Long time no see! x #spiceroute” yo miss ur pretty face. Are u in Tdot? FB me ur #
Flares+ tennis shoes
then do something !
i do believe faith
I am so ready to give my mother her bday gift @ 12 o'clock tonight!
Save the date! Can't wait..... file:///C:/Users/habitshop/Desktop/render.htm
Only you can love me this way.
sent you one tell me what you think bruh!
I wrote the Sanctuary speech as my comparison essay on my AP exam. \m/
I'm glad it's leaving too, but don't look forward to them digging it up this fall, assuming they don't leave it in the ground!
S/O 2 my boi lol I needed that laugh yall make sure y'all follow him
Happiness, more or less
"it is my birthday. i am 8 years old now" --sign that a little girl taped to front of her shirt.
you dontt know what a smart phone is?
It all makes sense now...
wasup bro. did u delete me saying "Lyrics 2 GO" in the background of the chorus?
Off to Salem, MA today because will be attending lodge there. As for me, I'm going to hang out with old friends and drink.
Maria Casey, Vodaphone Ireland, #InternetSociety #INET describes the end of higher ed. as we know it. Everyone with access to everything
I just finished this funky patchwork dress I started 3 hours ago. very boho country chic. I think I've finally outdone myself..and I love it
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative at the same time!
and with all the arson fires it must be starting feel more like Detroit every day
Goodnight!!<33 & Happy Mothers Day!!!
Too bad Vin Diesel is a queer dibb, and Ice cubes shot cops before
GREAT GAME #PACERS !!! Would LOVE to see them knock out #Lebrick and the
Happy Thursday! Thx for the follow #SWAN Support Women Artists Now
Hello :D
I cant begin to express how sorry I am for the families and friends of these young people. My own uncle killed himself when he was 16.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
TO THE WINDOOOWWWW
How awesome are you in real life?
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
He is obviously up in my head.
True story. They're the vehicle for the commodity. RT : Record companies sold us convenience, not music.
#WeWontWork if I can't trust you
In extremely boring conference. Just shoot me.
I'll be there innsnt inst
Hi - Ankur from Baltimore Collegetown here. How can I help you?
Unless I miscounted, there's 5 hearings next week on GSA
today's 12-year-olds laugh at 's cartoon rock, so now he panders to emotionally- & intellectually-stunted hexagenarians.
Let's get this show on the road
Dont worry sanchez, its manning, we have to go after him. Sanchez-whew that was close. Ryan-Sanchez, youre outta here. Its Tebow, we had to.
standing for four hours straight..
Anybody Else Been Up All Night?
Why are the #browns running their receivers on deep routes when there are 7+ defenders blitzing?
What!!!!! Omg. Today is getting it out me emotionally. New Orleans breaks my heart sometimes.
Halloween candy. Who will eat your snickers? Twix? What are you giving out? No toothbrushes, no kidding.
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss
Nobody burns through goodwill faster than Yuni.
you know it(;
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP
7 Ways IBM Will Make $7 Billion In Cloud - InformationWeek
So you guys have one of those "open" arrangements? That's so Canadian.
#SanAntonioTees is indeed tied to #CoreMedia. We do CD/DVD mfg, printing, packaging & custom t-shirt & apparel screen printing. Yep, we do.
hm. I think we need to ask this! (:
Hey thanks for signing up for the #atthack Education in Palo Alto. See ya there!
hell yeah we was just talkin about that. Planning is essential
City only club that can afford RVP unless Barca get another free soft loan. Cant see him at City.
their dad got his hours cut a lot, and he started looking for a new job & that's where he ended up.
my apartment smells like pine needles :)
its about that time....
I'll take full credit!
coming from the dude with a shirtless driving avi..
why are you two being so pissy lately? We all love you. Calm down, get along. <3 <3 <3
I was on da fence,did research,1200 tix/sold out show here w/No Air Play! Kids pay to see him,I now play Him! Alt should Too.
you don't love me no more fatty?
i probs wont. But sounds good(;
I like to think he is asking for the Heisman and another trip to Pasadena
People should be more aware of how their breath smells. Talking directly into someone's face knowing ur mouth ain't right is very OFFENSIVE!
we didn't have barb as our server unfortunately.
Complimentary Wine & Cheese Mixer. 1010 Wilshire, Best Rooftop in Los Angeles. Come Network on 12/9/2010 Must RSVP:
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 5
Thank You Victoria ... How Are you?
Made res at Heartland for anniversary in 2 weeks. Scoping out menu & planning attack. Food changes daily but I can plan the cocktails now.
OH MY GAWD. Avengers was to awesome!! AND I got to see it with #PerfectNight :D
On the contrary.
i don't envy you. good luck. i know how that is
Listenin to Jar of hearst and singing with my best friend paulina hahahahahahha
GM. All praises to my Father which art in heaven for allowing us to see another day. If you see this, know that you're blessed to be alive.
RT : Discovery Channel's Frozen Planet GIANT PENGUIN will be in Silver Spring, handing out FREE FROZENYO coupons on 3-10....
the problem is, i dont know where. I could ask around, but i'll just look stupid, we werent THAT close you know?
on the athletics department. More specifically the men's basketball program. I have a feeling that the celebrations wouldn't have been so
yes mam :)) ima come to ur house when i get off and we can go from there
youz blowin up my twitter feed, sounds like you're doing awesome! mad props =]
Also, "reverse racism" is a bunch of hooey. The author hasn't engaged with the work of anti-racist scholars.
is that a gateway computer box?
Thanks for making our first March Madness Sale a success! Now get ready for our Third Annual Blow-Out! It's gonna be bigger than ever!
You gotta come a lot harder den that sweetheart
then get your butt down here!! i miss you too :(
Game 7 tickets already on sale. X_X
We sure think so! RT : shows that the #Amerks have the best fans!
Thanks! I am very proud of what we've done for Bay View and look forward to making it even better.
Why? Because fuck you that's why!
Celebrity House Hunting on is a must watch. , Barry Williams, & Danny Bonaducci!? Oh yeah.
I just filled up for $2.85 a gallon at Smith's with my rewards! Whoo hoo!
You Will Need To Complete A Few Genuine Bodily Movements
I hate to be an armchair DA, but you at LEAST have to dig a little deeper when the guy says "these assholes always get away"
Lost all my respect
oh my goodness!!!! D:
Discover mills now packed at 3:30. Major prkng issue in area 6
#nccetl give widgets as gifts/to teachers to admin./to parents/to legislators
Oh no you didn't!!! CRAP!!! Hahah well thank you Brandy!! I'm glad you liked it.
Death comes in 3's like menage a trois
Have good night, guys sweet dreams
because i know
lol thats funny i wish u would notice me / follow me because i love u and the funny and sucessful things u do babe
I just remembered that sold last time I was there. Never tried it. Hope to bring home a bag today.
i hope the world doesnt end tomorrow, because we havent kissed yet. ;D
getting ready 4 bed. let c if abbe ready
I always have to have the last words,
After 60 Minutes interview, Looking for a Lady Gaga introduction. Can anyone connect me?
Peter, are you THIS close to Beyoncé? If not, go cleanse your demonic soul.
Drupal = Easy (if you a have awesome skill set of Cole C.). Requires Instr. Tech support for average faculty member.
Yes! RT : Glad you enjoyed the panel! We had a blast, too!
wow! That was crazy! Buzzer beater.
... I wouldn't text me back either! Goodnight
I have been advised that breathing BETWEEN auditions reduces oxygen starvation!
lol Um I was talking about the stadium seat she'll sit on not her "seat"
When let's you pick the music you listen too ^_<3 Haha
haha!! this made me laugh:)
On my
Registration hours are 7:30am-4:30pm today. You may register on-site using cash or check. Stop by, say hi, and grab your badge!
I hate working with dense 16 year olds! Really getting on my nerves!
Excited for my first #Nationals game today!
That's my girl there! RT: i told her she looked like a native 2day she left this morning w/ a down vest on & flip flops!
No problem. Thank you!
It's a good morning when I wake up to my kids and wife dancing and laughing while listening to Boogie Nights. Me and #ME3 = late night
I have not used that word in forever. The album the photo came from was titled ”Nana's photos” haha
and what do you think our customers would say?
Beltway Insiders Buzz in on Jeopardy - U.S. News &amp; World Report (blog)
perfect and evil :) too many calories!
Good morning, Alyssa! What books do you usually read? :-)
Great music, food and fashion awaits you on the fourth floor of the campus center NOW at the Mixer!
If I get tagged in anymore of these stupid sneaker pictures I'm deactivating my facebook
I just seen that I figured it had something to do with her daughter I don't blame her
twitter just gived me another whale! Fucking Whales, i dont need you every second.
I'm liking the ThatCampfire name. Now where in the woods can you get wifi?
Thanks for the mention. I appreciate the support. Stay safe!
Chillin w my chicks! Girls night!
Actually I forgot not likes to throw mike under the bus!
I love you.
ditto! Thoroughly enjoyed our lunch! Thanks for your insight &h onesty :)
We are so ready for the summer. Out of town shows:)
Why would the producers of the put a racecar driver on the show? I hope this ends well.
Always a blast when I get to catch up w/ The Kix kraziness kommences tomorrow morning @ 7:10 PT on !
#21 favorite word? Kamryn and Nick[:
I'm goign to do it. so i will send you the video/picturesoon!
My boss and my coworker are making plans to go hustle people at pool. That'll end well.
Holy cow! Stay safe. RT : right at me F 4 or F5 windsheer 120 mph 7 miles wide
really what song did she sing
lil wayne is so bad I think I'm beginning to like him
- - can we go ahead and induct Kim into the #Survivor Hall of Fame? Lol.
@ The Secret Policeman's Ball @ Radio City Music Hall w/ Coldplay, Mumford and Sons and many more
Thank You Lord for another days journey. I pray to bring you greater Glory today than I did on yesterday.
A memory is a photograph taken by the heart to make a special moment last forever..
#BieberFact Justin said that at every one of his concerts, he sees that one girl that makes his heart stop!
the dustys at vitamin water uncapped live june 16th!
If you have favstar but you've never starred anything, you're as good as dead
Put the swing together, Gotta wash the bouncer cover, & then a BUNCH more diapers. Lol. Oh, & we have to put the crib together. #Crap x
will begin their first win streak in ages tonight
I remember when the pacers used to suck
Me too! I'll collect names of all who tweeted interest in a hangout.
Did you happen see the "Name That Boot Contest" The legs in the boot were mine;) RT : you have them?
Nothing like a little rent increase to turn on my country mouse switch.
Good shoulder workout today; followed my 20 min of cardio on the elliptical.
Playhouse on the Sq - The 39 Steps is hilarious!
I agree
are you hear that tuesday night or leaving?
#HappyFriday " Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. ~ Confucius"
it's happiness in a can!
Gonna work on a cover tonight for mi amor
LOL. Right. Facts they don't like aren't facts.
you still want all of us to go to the movies this weekend?
Uh oh :x
Happy Friday! Come in and grab a coffee to start your day
RT if you have
I hate it when little kids cuss like it's cool or something.
is the paparazzi tonight! Photos of Warren Sapp?! What?!
Err.. technical difficulties. :)
Happy Sabbath! Good to see you in my stream. Thanks for retweeting.
I forgot what your pupps name was!:( ollo? Im not sure:(
Help Trend PLEASE!!!
Good luck to my #iubb Hoosiers! Tipping off against Kentucky in about 25 minutes!!
Just wanted to apologize 2 everyone cause i made up the rumor about Keyra and Austin. I refret it. Im sorry<3
Kicking off PAIN rehearsal today! Excited :)
Whew! Good Kempo session. Totally got the wind knocked out of me by an 80# brown belt.
Do you have any scheduled combined auds for #Fringe2012?
And with Dallas choking at the minute a good day to be a redskin
#TheDrawnTogetherMovie is now playing on my screem and I am loving it
RT : I can troubleshoot right here. Have you been able to test different charger? (Yes...)
We / ActingInLA just got our 100th follower on Twitter!
Even though you're heaven sent, the words you say could kill this man. This isn't much I'm offering, just know you mean the world to me.
'Abdu'l-Bahá is talking to 500 people at the Hotel Euclid. He speaks of the advances of material civilization, and its dangers.
While I was at it, I figured I'd sign up for Yahoo BOSSv2 search API. It's Yahoo! migration fun day...
I want a new watch but I have no idea where to even look. anyone have any recs on where to look on the internet? hate department stores.
INEVITABLE EP go buy it NOWW!!!!!!!!
I had a dream I was a dolphin swimming deep in the sea. Then, suddenly, transformed into a high soaring raven. Good things to come today.
illegal pension plan
Don't know if u saw, but I beat 6-4. We're thinking his jorts outing will be a Nats day game next Sun. U in or working?
"It's hip to be square." -Huey Lewis
Doing easter nails(: not quite finished yet.
I'm playing with your Super Skeleton theme and in the docs it says TimThumb, but in the Theme Options, it only mentions Sencha?
Thank you! What do you mean "How many people is in it"? The video or PuzzlePiecez?
My best advice to Ned Yost and the Kansas City Royals: Hey, bartenders, Jobu needs a refill.
lol damn thanks for the love chan ha ha ha
No thanks you gaybo. I prefer European. Not homosexual unless you're in because I like me some 1D gay boys!
The #Avengers was so good. The only problem was the obnoxious people with no manners.
Are there actually people who get out of the shower to pee? I want to meet them.
"My name is Royce" Adrien Brody
Q6: HOW DO YOU PLAN TO GIVE YOUR MEALS A "FRESHOVER?" WHAT RECIPES WILL YOU GIVE A "FRESHOVER?" WHY?
I feel like I'm losing him again. I love him so much I'm terrified.... I hate those girls...
Thanks for the follow!
God Damn it.
boring really hot :(
word how was it?
Tonight at 9:30 at (123 W 24th St.)! New songs, fresh sketches, cheap and optional beers of quality. Show us off to your friends!
It's gonna be a beautiful evening for some Pilates w/Lian-Marie Holmes - 6-7p. Bring a mat or towel & join the party!
don't worry that wasn't directed at you. Your stories are actually funny
RT : RT : RT : Man, it's another one of them BEAUTIFUL days in tha Duke City!
How would you handle a blessing from God such as a lump sum of money, a huge raise or big bonus?
what day & time?
Been to SFO T2 yet? RT I'm going to set up shop outside the airport and sell meals to take on plane. We need better food when flying.
A THOUGHT PLATO TOLD ME IN A DREAM LAST NIGHT: If she's so concerned with $$$, how cum the TaxAct "Mama" kicks the guys out of her cab?
I was asking about
hope we can make it guys eyes on fire makes me want to brake shit.
ok, ok, ok!! I rescind my last tweet! Tweeps love their hashtags ;)
Dear Kunversion: Misspelling does NOT make your name non-generic. Or appealing.
Nigga I'm from Dallas
Sorry I missed it. Deadlines at the client this week.
is amazing! Modern design and clean lines, classic in use of older amps, tape machines and such.
October is Squirrely Appreciation Month. Why? October is the month squirrels in the northern hemisphere harvest nuts to prepare for winter.
Anyone know if there is a Congresswoman Nipslip?
sent you an email of 1st draft
whats wrong nina ??? remeber i got them guys. hahaha
that dance competition made me so pumped for the recital...
Every. Villian. Is. Lemons.
Here we go!! Lights are down.
I CAN'T WAIT TIL DEY PICK YA BOOKS UP FAH A MOVIE *PICKS UP TICKETS N YELLS* \(-.-)/ O YEAH
Indeed! Hope you aren't as sunburned as we are today
I hope this goes well.
Those are deeply gratifying when they come. Enjoy!
Great win by the ! People can keep giving up on them all they want, but I'll be with them 'till the end!
Send a fresh one and we'll update it. :)
"Comedy Returns to El Rio!" 2nd Monday of month 8pm 3158 Mission @ Precita #sf Will Durst July 12
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again<3
Hi ! We failed at the 100% homegrown, we ended up having roast. had a blog post that made me buy one!
it's downtown Orlando. Which is not far at all if u take I-4. About 25 minutes. ADDRESS: 578 N Orange ave Orlando, FL 32801 : )
ha my bad. auto correct on the phone... I wanted to know who does the recording
Sometimes you have to have a really dark day, to see how much light is left in you. :)
Added a great new student and two new amazing new tutors today.
This freakin ant just tried me. Oh effff no.
Candidates cash in in Stamford
We love making people feel good with Yummy, delicious edibles! Savory treats and out new potent cake pops!
I thought Rick santorum never pulled out!
Ouch I fell on my knee at crystal palace 2 weeks ago and ait Still hurts -_- xD
trick question, as there is no such thing. unless you've become Tom Selleck.
Knew this would happen sooner than later but I'm still shaken. RIP Steve Jobs. Thanks for all you've done.
Great article, thank you!
Pittsburgh auditions for Monongahela scheduled for Oct 21& 28 - email for details
Nice thing about #nypleclp : attended not just by NYPL staff but Queens Public Library, Brooklyn Public LIbrary and even Westchester PL
thanks for following Kari :)
Nine days until #Yankees baseball...single digits make me so happy!
Vegas bound last wknd in July for the 1st time in almost 3 years. Used to be a regular. Staying at the Cosmo. Restaurant recs pls.
Disappointed: many of my current mentees seem to be hopeful for library assistant/clerk. Not even trying for FT librarian jobs.
thanks bro
no problem hun.(: now go show em whos boss and kick some butt! Oh and btw i loved ur song for matthew ^__^ it was great :3
Nice. RT : "I'd like to thank the academy, tweetdeck, apple, , my mom…"
Ha! Perfect timing. Woke annoyed at google alerts bc there's a random bunch of bikers in Colorado usurping our bad name!
Be sure to follow
Reading any great Mommy Bloggers? Tell me about 'em.
i am called by the men sometimes, blonde goddess. may your eyes come, “...caress the detail, the divine detail” Vladimir Nabokov
Doing my music project on Blink-182. I was about to do Fall Out Boy, but apparently I can't...? idunno.
Ima movement by myself but ima force wen we together....u mke me better
i could say the same but it doesn't matter cause i will see you tomorrow after you class
Gearing-up to watch the HS Boys Mile at Nike Track Nationals #NTN Good luck Nick!!
dude, nice bio
bishop is awesome he's got a great future but I grew up watch the organ state beaver nick barnett he's my fav outside of
Who you got?
Happy Mothers Day Mommy <3
If you haven't already, follow and check out www.t-shirtforums.com - that is some good stuff...
Do you still need a G+ interview for #BWENY? I was away this weekend, but could do it tomorrow (Monday).
Ellen is the Antichrist. I'm formulating my argument now.
Active experimentation with new publication models.
tv movie. As much as I like Eddie- he couldn't save the movie
They did a great job! Rock on #XFactor RT : loving the Brewer Boys!!!!! they're great!
The NFC Championship game was a great game,The Niners have A GREAT team, looking forward to next year at the edge of our seats...........
Drove through PM and decided to not stop, but yes, quite a pleasant happening 'hood on a summer evening. Tons of folks out.
Didn't sleep much last night, so I'm going back to bed.
OK, I'm totally embarrassed about my use of the #whtweetup tag last night. Apparently it was only for people who were actually there.
Havent watched an game since #MLB started but you're damn right Im going to watch the playoffs.
lol i guess so . . i dont have a lot of friends ! less friends , less problems
I have successfully used Twitter and Reddit to meet new people in Syracuse!
All packer fans talking about the new state farm video.... gonna watch it right now....
really? i heard has two glass eyes. like that dude from last action hero on one side and sammy davis jr on the other
DEC Commissioner Joe Martens: "We're proud of this partnership."
I'd love some help! I've only used PE twice, as a student, not as teacher. Not sure how to construct a review game using it!
Who knows what gets off in #3Days ? (; <3
you're AMAZING!
enjoy! Where are you off to?
the king of March #IZZO will lead you to greatness. #SpartanDawgs follow in and s footsteps
oh I know. I see it everywhere.
Tomorrow it will be one month til my birthday! :))) I'm so excited! :)
Writers are full of dirty little tricks. The dirtiest being the ability to convince yourself that the world needs to hear your words.
how mad is that Gallaraga guy that used to play for Detroit!!
I love things bout her, but iont love her
Football, burgers, ice cream and spiked milkshakes....so many reasons to visit us today!
It's a Roxette kind of morning!
never ever ever. :)
i love your forty saucy snaps
the only thing you need is a mic...everything else is practically the same. unless they include a synthesizer and autotune
BMSPF LOOKS LIKE GO TIME HDOG
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
Amazing unscheduled post here in a few hours. Fans of #transit #maps and well-composed #infographics will rejoice. Stay tuned.
We suffered the same embarrassment in CA. Hoping our generation makes it right.
That's a false statement
Sweden was it, the female PRESIDENT made jokes cutting up a cake that symbolizes FEMALE CIRCUMCISION on a BLACK-FACE image?!?
How could you say that
I would accept a) Waka Flocka b) Cheif Keef or c) French Montana
#ShanimalOnTheBeach sounds like a sweet n tasty alcoholic beverage you could sip on while at the beach! XD
Brand new titties, stiches still showing. She prayin it heal good, I'm just praying dat it feel god. (;
I want to be forever young
Let's go to the beach!
CHECK OUT PARTNERS IN SOUNDS NEWEST BUSINESS VENTURE www.magicalenterprises.com
It's NOT about being SKINNY. It's about being HEALTHY. Most of us don't have a CLUE what we are putting into our bodies. Skinny Fiber...
Wicked was AMAZING last night! My favorite musical ever!
protest outside is getting annoying. i hope they get their fair wage just to shut them up.
Happy Mother's Day to my SKC/Twitter mom and one of the nicest people I've ever met !
umm... we looked at your homepage as an example of really nice, engaging design without a lot of unnecessary text.
For me, it's no question. John Wall isn't even in Irving's league. (so to speak)
You cheated by adopting. :P
RT : BIEBER BLAST. Sounds like a Suicide bombing.
Dear man running down the desert I-10 high way waving the American flag: you are the reason I love this country.
ha ha ha ha that is some kind of a low dirty chick ha haha lol....
Couldn't have had a better host! RT : Survived day one of #SXSW ... Starting at 6am tomorrow. That's going to be an early morning.
you just posted this: Trever Miller #43 St. Louis Cardinals 2010 Civil Rights Game Used Jersey
I think like May 4th
can you follow me???
EFF YEAH DUDE. GET THAT GOSPEL CRAP OUT!!!!!
Also, I decided I want to get married in Greece.
#sca 2012 Now Rebecca Wendt of CA State Archives. They've done lotsa prep: strategic plan, OAIS adoption in progress, policies in place ...
Why do grades go A, B, C, D, F? Where is E? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Sitting at the mechanic waiting for KITT to get an oil change and a check up.
now that is a slice of life !
Little late finding your tweet but we really appreciate the mention!
The reason goes deeper than that, but like you said, you can't force self-awareness or epiphanies on people.
I'm definitely not a heartless bitch, but if you break my morals, all respect I have for you will be gone.
This shit maine
I have had some GOOD food this week! So where are my reviews? I MADE good food, but the pictures need work, promise it will be up soon.
Dworkin setting out the history of lyricism & its construction as "musical": the prob is, music is no more stable a category than poetry.
Hey Todds. How are you today?
And we can't wait for more! It's all about connecting with the people of BH and harnessing a passion for a thriving community!
cuz that's kinda what it looks like. FYI. ;)
Faried is a boss though.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.Willing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Make it bun.
his left upper arm on the inside! I said he should get the seeds to spell out something but we don't know what
HERE COME THE CLIPPERS.
RT if you a sexy bitch with good "Pu$$yLikeKush"
Don't forget to enter our ART Contest for National Dance week....www.allegrodancecompany.net
We might be closed tonight, but that doesn't mean we're not painting.
haha are you gonna put them on your wall?
Not being able to move my neck without it hurting <
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgments.
If you are at home and you are placed on hold for awhile, walk or jog the stairs to get in some exercise while you wait.
They're Maremmas, an Italian livestock guardian breed.
Your much like myself There's a difference between I'm here And HERE I AM!@
Everyone is talking about the American interest in Egypt, what about the Egyptian interest in Egypt? Please, let the Egyptians decide!
From 2nd round pick to participating in Saints rookie camp. My how the Brohm has fallen
I want to embrace the fear! Help me get to follow
For example, LeBron's PER this season was 30.8, second was Chris Paul at 27.09. He did this even though his usage dropped from last MVP yr.
Those little damn foam darts HURT.
RETWEET THIS IF YOU WANT as ur #BoyFriend OR TO LOVE U THE WAY U ARE
How is it that the rest of Walker is an ice cave while the library is a furnace?
Huge Offer up for only today! Get Weekly Lock Packaga starting tomorrow! 30 Locks for only $50 throughout 7 days!
you can run and tell that run and tell that run and tell that poboy po-po-poboy
twelve days until starts at Can't wait!
We MiSS U Britney - let's get it on top!
#Bulls don't get any respect. That is all.
Your articles are always so on point!! One of my favorite ways of finding new clients :-) Thank you for all your hard work!
Happy FREE comic book day!
Yes my plan is to move to NYC this year, before my birthday in October.
What a great week for #SportsRadio! March Madness, #Blazers trades, #TimbersFC, Manning 2 Broncos, Tebow 2 NY & #BountyGate!
when you click "Save" at the bottom of the window appears a link - just copy and paste it!
Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass Ass. Best lyrics. Ever.
few weeks? I'm getting into town in 2 weeks. May 4th. Put it on your calendar.
Overheard at Conner Prairie today: “You know, I had so much fun here today, I almost forgot it was a museum!”
Well, there's always the World Championships for Malkin, Crosby & Fleury & Letang. #willtheyevenwantthem?
RT“: lol nahh but omg i miss you veronica !!! When are we gunna do something <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>”
Getting dressed and thinking 'I look good'
My, my, my! Moving day has had too many surprises.
Thanks! Weds eve is my usual live b'cast time (3 1/2 yrs now)
New plans in the works for a high efficiency, green built model home in Chesapeake's The Preserve!
Watching the Longhorns and the Aggies play baseball.
Kevin Garnett is the Big Ticket
shit . okay lemme ask for Saturday !
Turn me on and take it off
I had to wikipedia #SOPA...irony?
There's been fireworks on my block since a month before July 4th. MLINY.
Go jump off a pyramid please.
Ur a cutie I LOVE UR USTREAMS! Cant wait till the next one!
ahaha. That's effin weird. And idk how to turn that ish off !
Right back atcha! Thanks! RT : TGIF to all "active"
totes not my bad. Phone malfunction
Apologizing in advance. The #NABShow exhibit hall opens today so I'll be surrounded by Film/Video gear. Pictures and posts to follow
Well, at least we had the big boys worried. Top 6 for Toon at start of season? I woulda bitten yer hand off :)
Whoever invents a machine to put a book in your mind and understand everything in seconds will be my idol.
LOVE IT! Boomer Sooner!
I find it amusing that even though I hardly EVER tweet anything, I still manage to get followers o_O
Bay u change that take f-ing out of your name u do not write that for everyone to c on the Internet
I love the Sherri Hill dress on #jerseycouture :)
Had so much fun video chatting 2nite..Nw I'm tired, Good night everyone :)
I took the dl code. I know I'm in the band and already have the record but I loved it so much I wanted to buy it for free.
Thanks girlfriend! I can hardly believe he's only been dancing a few years. Love you, HUGS to you all!
Dunston Checks In
wow i can't believe we already have 101 followers! thanks so much! <33
“: I heard a rumor that isn't drinking until after dinner. I really hope that's a lie.” no worries! I caught up!
Tonight, Samadhi and I will be seeing #thenutcracker and I can't wait!
you should do a cover for Trouble and To love somebody
"...you can't un-ring the bell.."
Too much to do before the 11th!
lmao I'm home crazy
RT : Adam Dunn is scheduled to play left field all 3 games this weekend at Wrigley
Have you never looked over a team's schedule and decided to go for the free bobble head?
thats been hapining a lot around the world i wonder whats in the water
About to clean the house
Still time on the clock! RT : Welp the TV just went off
Wonderful hot day to see the cherry blossoms in DC, because there will be rain (as usual) on Saturday and Sunday.
That's almost as epic as taking a train to Chicago from DC just to get Chicago-style pizza haha I'm jealous of your adventures
World #Histsci conference at #Pitt last week a big success by all accounts. Thanks to all who participated! Hope you enjoyed #Pittsburgh!
well, we hit a number of people today. I think it was a very good day. I gained more followers and talked 2 a number of new people.
I support LEGAL immigrants and the enforcement of our country's immigration laws. That is why I support
Brands are not created; they are co-created - Brian Solise
”Momma what's a Snooki ? ” ...Nothing you need to concern yourself with. ”Well whatever it is it sounds bad” ~ Natalie :)
We make a big deal out of the "305", we all have 786 numbers.....
omw to school. AP test.
Because I introduced my brother to a song that he will play over and over as he does.
Thinking everything Abot You =D
Try emailing 40k+ ppl from your personal machine. Processing keeps you from doing anything else.
hahaha, exactly why we need more women Moose-ers!
Probably end up at bw3 cuz my "pants too baggy"
i need to stop just randomly joining peoples conversations. its a SUPER bad habit.
Lmfao , I 'm Not ! & Not That You Said That It's Gone Turn Me OFF HAHAAHA !
Note to world: stop hitting on waitresses. There is no magic connection here. We are nice to everyone. We are niceness sluts. It is our job.
you are very welcome!
The Chicago Manual of Style. Excellent for those hard to manage bibliographies.
My players must not sleep at home. I'm the only one who's awake the entire trip!! Should change #sharksneversleep to
"cake on a stick hmu"
Follow me up, I'll follow you down.
Many of life’s failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Edison
“: Help you I can.” See even Yoda is willing to help.
I hate St Louis. I hate the Cardinals. This sucks
That's exactly how I'd want to go out.
So drunk...
I'm ABDC bound.
Thanks for the great shout-out on #WCL ! So when are you going to broadcast live from the Judy Istock Butterfly Haven?
as she clearly has a huge future!
do you guys know what the Regents did regarding graduate student tuition rates? It went up by 2.1% right?
No, ABC will not beat CBS. But the fall schedule has many promising elements.
goin to sleep lebron is to good
Good save, Billy. Morgan Freeman impersonations are funny 100% of the time.
Thanks for the follow , , , and
circumcis-plosion trying to decide if I should conform..or not? decisions decisions
I know but I need new friends to :P
- Welcome Elizabeth! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
only in San Diego.
#ThatOnePersonWho never shuts up even after the conversations over.
I'm a bad kid and I'll survive, oh I'm a bad kid, don't know wrong from right.
Imiss the NBA on NBC John Tesh theme song,Ahmad Rashad,the prudential halftime show w/ Bob Costas & Miller Genuine moments
Are we going buck wild this Friday night?
On a scale of 1 (lowest) to 10 (highest), how excited are you about the #weekend?
oops I lied, Calvin Harris is at xs not voodoo. Regardless, imma convince you to come with me
Do I need a Valentine? Nah!
I couldn't agree more
Always record your meetings with the 'school study team',and with the District Special Ed Dept.IEP Give 24 hours notice. It's your right.
Cheesecake with !
Thanks for the follow. Hope the internship is going well in South Africa!
Honestly, I can't see a Facebookless world in the next 25 years
RT I might have 3000 followers but only about 10-15 speak. its like talking to my kids;)
Left my keys at home. Ash is at a play. Bussed halfway home. Back at work. Ah well.
I hate the Heat , but I admit there fucking disgusting <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> I got respect but I hope they get eliminated..
"Your check bounced..."
When you paint your nails and just one of them ends up looking retarded..<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Lemitar's Robert Torres, 46, had been accused of stealing three guns and a crossbow in January 2010, but now all charges have been dropped.
Hahah your right, I guess I don't want the traumatic incidents, but the friendships they have! Lol do you watch desp housewives?!
I put off going to the dentist for the last 5+ years. Went today, I cried and got 4 cavities. Rough start to the day.
2 60Ds for the price of 1 7D... with the loss of slightly more accurate WB & ISO settings. :P
baha! I love their faces!
You're welcome!! :)
The things that I like about the show are the depth, the warmth, the sincerity, the tradition, and it shows through quite strongly.
tells me that I've branded myself with the #bun, and I'm stuck
#NW Jordan Brand Classic!
Had to work tonight. I was lucky enough to catch some of the game. But just now read the twitter feed. God I want to unfollow some of you.
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
thanks for the RT!
Bout to smash on some seafood!
If you Never try you'll never know .
Garbage removal available. $200 up to $500lbs!!! Sweet deal for Nassau County: 2h of labor + removal: $410!!!
formal soon, wanna go with me!? i only live like 20 minutes away from you ! hahahaha :P
Today's #nerdalert thought: Ohmygod, tomorrow is Star Wars Day! ("May the 4th be with you.")
“: When slow bitches hold up the whole hallway. #HighschoolProbz”
I wanna just in to Vancouver.
so this HD museum & restaurant on Sunday... has this been planned or no? are wondering. We shld be in MKE by 5ish
Ah i let it get the best of me
Hey! How have you been?
lol These Bitches Ain't Bout That Life That I'm Reppin !
Final preparations for the expo in Tyson's today!
First act flew by fast!! Ready for Act 2
Did you know? The “Resident Evil Archives: Umbrella's Virus Uncovered” is a reference guide written by staff members of Capcom.
pucker up(;
Great job, Ellen! :)
Peterson's talk is also important for arguing how urban and more rural spaces are networked through labor and manufacturing.
Can't wait to see it.
Bitches aint shit, but woman aint bitches. See woman are the queens and bitches, just bitches
omg. got to meet christofer drew tonight and he likes their music.. wow!!!
Someone text me
Sarah left today with Susan. I already miss her, and Susan too!!
With the 32nd Overall Pick, and last of Day 1 of the #NFLDraft, the #Giants select #VirginiaTech RB David Wilson.
16 years? I don't believe that! It seems like I JUST heard that, its so fresh in my mind.
yes they could :) and I'm Alli again
Commission meeting is in sesseion. Will take public comment till 9:30 and then go into closed session.
Sticks & Stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me .. SUCH A LIE ! Words DO hurt .
when back at the crib
In Music Meeting- Tokyo Police Club “Wait Up” Like this a lot, it has a Robyn Hitchcock sound to it- yoohoo
To all the Mom's among my 471 Twitter friends.I wish you a Very Happy Mothers Day.I do hope your all richly spoiled by your kids.
for sure. I knew Rondon could throw fast but 104...good God...that's throwing some major heat
Ran into Eric Reda of at Fear no art.
soundcloud marriage success!!
I think even I could strike Corey out with slider off the plate
well sit a row in front of us
nice seeing you today at the salon, your hair cut was great!
I don't understand your tumblir, not that I understand tumblir at all. Your sense of humor is giving Larry David a run 4 his $
It's pretty pathetic, but I kinda wish that I could go back and relive the last two months of high school. It was the best <U+2665>
haha i didn't mean it in a sick way!!!! you know what i meant
nothing much you
I just eavesdropped on the most pleasant phone call I've ever heard on the CTA. No yelling, no swearing, perfectly understandable English.
coldstone guys casually flirting.
Steelers defense is too aware to let tebow do miracle plays
Lyin is gay.. fuc is the point.. YOU make, yourself look like a jackass.. lmfao t(-__-t)
So many GREAT #Shindig fans, thank you!
I wanna watch college humor videos but I has to get some rest.
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of Atlanta for Promotions!
I don't watch #madmen. I just try to teach my wife how to operate the Comcast clicker & DVR.
Prince William got engaged! Congratulations!
#Longhorns w/ a Friday morning tipoff means I won't be productive AT ALL today. #ItsACelebration or
so true and good to see something useful on a Friday
Crafty is on! Rain or shine, the fair begins at 10. The vendors are here and looking great!
it worked on me...
Lol I actually tell people to play in my hair
Jo Calderone is manlier than
I <3 Git. Just branched a project with little to no effort. Merged it back in just because I can. *sigh* I'm in love.
Where have you been all my life
Just finished great book by Jonathan Ellerby, PH.D., "Inspiration Deficit Disorder". My planned lazy day turned into inspired one!
sorry man! Just how it is.
Trying my candle making as well! will let everyone know how my first one goes! Grave site tending- going good!!!
If you haven't left your cubicle yet, this is for you. Want to present a topic at and show off your skills? @ me
After the meeting-debrief circuit today maybe I shouldn't be playing Sup3r M3at Boy to unwind.
Stressed out so I moved all the furniture in my room around
setup for RiShon Odel great jazz great beer on tap tonight #jazz #r&b
Pho with mommy, daddy and Jasmine <33
I know it's a little late for April Fools pranks but I used 3 different ladies restrooms today and left the toilet seats up in all of them.
Gotta get some zzzzzs in before the baby wakes me up. Man I miss uninterupted sleep!
Staying in South Florida for the holiday season? Come see us at Grazie! Book your reservations or parties with us in advance: 305.673.1312
Fred Jackson, you are my hero on Sundays
Getting ready for the first Friday football night. It will be an exciting night.
. Thanks for the reminder! Going.
ahaha, I'm jealous (;
Happy Birthday Miranda Cosgrove
love going into work and having one of the old engineers come up to me and say "hey lunch is on me today lets go to fire and ice"
I did. But I also work at home and fell asleep on the couch at 9:30 last night. So, it just kinda happened.
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. ~Robert Byrne
Locked and loaded for the #SWFrance virtual tasting tonight! Opening up the last of the 8 wines now...follow along starting at 7pm EST
you got it
Thanks for the RT, Davis! Happy w/end!
Nap? Gym? Nap? Gymzzzzzzzzz.....
Thank you for volunteering! How does it feel to go from Team Member to Team Manager?
same player as last year, because that's who he is. Interceptions with some good play.
ok I am trying the new twitter
We've finally made the move...our new address is 1 East Pratt Street (Verizon Building), Baltimore. We're on our 3rd day now...
If I was in Louisville tonight instead of down here in Dallas, I would be with you in blue with my Louisville Sucks shirt on.
Assuming, of course, you're willing to overlook certain illegalities ;)
Had a good night tonight! Now I can't wait to see The Avengers! Woo :D
Wow , you are rocking the Red Devil Lounge () pretty damn hard right now!
BS is pretty much all encompassing.
Broken, Unproductive, or just OLD die cutters? Trade-In for $$ toward New Efficient machines. www.BRAUSSE.com or 888-BRAUSSE!
SoloPiano.com will be announcing the Nominees for the 2010 Album of the Year Soon!! Stay Tuned!!
Charming film.
Congrats to my friend, journalist , who is receiving an OC Affordable Housing Award for her work on low-income people.
Aww, that nice man was delightfully New Yorkish.
Congrats to (Hank Phillippi Ryan), nominated for 3 Emmys for investigative reporting!
A.M. lesson: Don't leave cans of beer in toddler's reach. He may fall, knock down cans & break seal. Then his clothes will smell like beer.
Clean teeth can help prevent a heart attack.
Should I have done that?
I dnt think it's any of us ok? I used to think it was Kayden(c)
authentic womens gucci clutch bag/purse *
how many gods have poured out their hearts to romance a world that is torn all apart? how many fathers have gave up their sons for me? o ...
Charity sees the need, not the cause. - German Proverb
I almost peed myself when they hit the final turn and my trifecta looked like it was going to be right. I didn't bet it.
whats wrong Tom?
I just wonder do I ever cross your mind?
PASTA & SINATRA Tonight at NArdis! Seatings at 5 & 7pm, TED HAMMOCK & THE BLOWOUT BOYS at 9pm. The bus is running tonight!
I'm so sleepy!!
": The Walking Dead: Guest starring Nate McMillan as a zombie hoops coach" now that's funny. Just sayin
we'll have a sign saying 'no stirs allowed'
nice headphones!
no! =) Im Leaving the Poreo Fam... So UnFollow me on the Facebook an Delete Me off the List!!!
#traveltueday Mini Dreamtrips! Check them out!
Reading old journal entries i wrote and seeing how God has changed me is amazing.
Oh, fine. Postmodernist theories of the self as they pertain to online spaces. :P In any case, they were dubious. Fun class!
My niece looks just me crazy. I love me some taylor
I LOVED THE HUNGER GAMES TWAS SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!
Chillin at the bar...why are we watching Comedy Central instead of ESPN?
I love youu!(:
I just love what is happening with all my singers,they are finding the true path in their artistic life.Now is time to expand their wings.
No problem. Dance naked and let your cheekys smile is a great seller, i will make sure i put one aside for you, just call
I'm pretty sure has the sexiest voice ever. I love just listening to him talk.
lol aww thanks. hey you go to Bair right? do you know a teacher Mr.Zeltzer or something like that?
Julia. Stop talking.
RT : Stamp Out Hunger is today! Remember to fill those bags and leave them by your mailboxes
Perfect statement you bums.
Happy mom's day to all!
Who wants to come to after hours with me. Free admission savile row at the Luxor if u use my name. Or call me I'll walk u in 702 375 4683
Hey Ang, will call you when my Laryngitis is gone :( My voice is still like a horse or frog! lol
As a working parent and a student, I ask our congress not to double the interest rates on our loans.
Just beat Castlevania SoTN the easy way; now on to the upside down castle!
Sun City has offered to host The Miss Universe Pageant!
I wanna do something tomorrow
buy as a gift healthydeals.com
just flung one of my thongs at my eye.
its cool thanks
Wish my stomah didn't hurt
they look fabulous in a cami?
Dallas is about to get swept.
nice meeting you! Thank you ;)
“: Being Broke Is A Sin this album is it.#Salute”1luv bro
name yo price i got it for 8 barz
do u have a good recipe for domestic rabbit? Baked it whole with Moroccan spices. Yum but need next idea.
Yeah her hair looked like crud and her ill fitting pants suit
not to burst your bubble, but christopher is my middle name...I just chose to use it as my last. BUT who's making fun?
Can't beat the classics.
Talk about successful online marketing, Louis CK's online comedy special available for $5 has grossed $1 Million!
The Lightning loss must come in regulation though
Writing a release about a 23-year-old Jewish AmeriCorps member. Umm...when do I get to meet this guy??
i am the best. i got drunk last night from beers but still got up in time to read the chapter and go to my seminar.
you spelled my name so wrong
You're welcome. :]
pencil fighting, fb, twitter, google plus!
What are your favorite research tools?
- thank you so much for the kind words... and for a fantastic evening!
Getting out of school at 10:45>>>
Kendall Is Our Cover Boy y siempre lo sera :)
there's no way in the whole world that I missing this!!
How'd it look babe ": Pretty happy w the apartment. Now waiting for everything to fall into place <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>"
Reading "Charting Pathways to Completion for Low-Income Community College Students" from .
Trying to seet if I can leave church on UES & make it for the first pitch @ Sun's #Mets game. I think I can!
Ill try haha
Facebook brand pages...WHO'S PUMPED!???
I'm no Wings fan, but that was a ridiculous cheap shot. Should be susp, really hurts his team. Not very captain like.
Friends! Do not miss out on an awesome concert tonight featuring Joel Levi & Rick Stump @ 7pm! 15% off Rick's favorite drink!
thinking about it. Never seen them!
Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter? What’s next George W. Bush Rhodes Scholar, Barack H. Obama U.S. citizen?
who creep creeped on your evening?
Wondering if the Grace Hopper conference would have anything to offer high school students. Have a couple interested in going. Anyone know?
Education starts with using proper terminology regarding #HIV #AIDS and reducing stigma
I hope that ESPN continues their film series as often as possible. These documentaries are awesome and so is the 30 for 30 voiceover.
A Day in the Life of Tim Ferris
what's up?
Its now summer :)
still working
No one wants to win this thing.Anybody putting well enough to make it interesting
good need to cut down the turnovers and feed Gasol and Randolph more
« My timeline is filled with ppl disgusted at someone named Tami. But don't you have to watch it to be disgusted by it?»
Almost done. who's gonna come join?
I'm ready for a bed.
Getting ready for and to present on creating a sense of place for the mobile learner.
yea I can't wait!
is the best mahomie out there<3
compass in hand but the needle is still spinning
Gordon in for the score. 2 yard run, Cardinal lead 17-6. 1 minute left for the White offense.
The summer weather rolls in tomorrow.....just in time for the weekend. Send yourself & friends $1.00 Bartab drinks & shots!
I just showed Micah the video and we couldn't stop laughing. So freaking hilarious. Love that you showed me it last night.
"Riding the two-dollar limousine."
sexy can I?
Monday is almost over! Needing something to look forward to this weekend? Find an adventure buddy on Antengo!
To be honest, I still really like the album.
I set up my tablet, which I have had for years. Here's to hoping I make some really cool work with it!
Big day tomorrow! Getting new headshots taken!
:O 2 hot guys!!
Can't sleep without laying in your arms.
Big Monday is in Austin tonight for #Mizzou v. #Texas. I heard Holly Rowe has already tried to slaughter Bevo to get her some grade-A steak
": #MM Meek Mill Monday !!!"yu goin in at 9 bro
If you are in NYC, I recommend the play 'Birdhouse', by Kate Marks. Strange but affecting play - sort of 'thru-the-looking-glass'.
Loving www.theoatmeal.com! New favorite comic. Check out 5 super neat ways to use a hooker...my two new favorite words, whore mountain!
At the Issues and Eggs #wvleg breakfast
Thank you. Wow 9 follwers already, #MuchLove I love my
how doing send ideas over for review? I have a a few. Lol
Glad to see some interest around here !
I can't stop thinking about you...
My type of game up and down Spurs and Clippers Game 1 >>>>>>>>>>>Clippers
I wish I had a twin so when I went shopping I could make her be the one to change and try everything on <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084>
Fans...come visit us for $5 shots of Jameson!.....
You'll see when he's on punk'd.
tweet spree til i pass out. & that'll be in 2 minutes. #exhausted <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
haha I know! I need to go to the mall. Like now.
He encourages your Thinker to eat more cheesesteaks.
Never give up
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down - Arnold H. Glasow
I now fallow my fave radio person !! I love the MJ Morning Show!! Peace!
Excited to follow!
Sorry you're going through a tough spot. but we fans are here 24/7 365 for you regaurdless what happens. We love you that much!
Healthy Hair by Racheal Products will be giving away 200 FREE Samples. Come in Irving today around 4. We have the Best hair products.
You're honestly actin like a fucking two year old now. No wonder you don't have any damn friends. Go fall down a hole.
ur welcome. I mean it ur having trouble with anything just tell me and I'll try to help u out. Even thou idk u I'll help u.
I love my random moments
more than likely by end of week we will email you with live date and time. We've been talking about doing hockey. Hopefully soon
So many eaten. #Sharktopus is amphibious, despite the fact that neither sharks and octopi are. This is never explained.
The album is done! Publishing commences tomorrow.
You must be going too slow if you can Tweet sans typos while driving!
Join us Sunday 9:30 to commemorate 50 years of service.
#Independence=overcoming obstacles with courage & confidence to stand up for what's right! Know YOU can depend on #JIT to help u get there!
such a fun day with my bestfwiends/divas/IDOLS !!!!
Hey and I want to won tickets to
Good afternoon to you too. Hope you are having a swell day.
I still love you but i just can't do this....
omg, i know! But, I was chatting w/ some other folks interested, maybe we can pool our cash to split the costs.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.°- George Bernard Shaw
Every time I have a painful shit, I think of and chuckle.
I find it hilarious how afraid straight men are of gay men. I promise you they don't want you. PROMISE. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
why dont you follow im not saying hes youre biggest fan, im not even saying hes actually a fan..
Let's go
#KG #TheBigTicket he doin work right now!!! We gotta go up 2-0 on these sixers!!! Let's go C's ....
It's time to spill your guts and I don't like what I see on the inside
Multiple Project Manager and Project Coordinator roles. Long term contracts! Let me know if you or anyone in your network wants to learn …
Does anyone have video on Fox News with the "Don't ask me to write a check for you..." segment?
AxeOff USA\Hard Rock Cafe will execute our 2nd Guitar Playing Contest September 3rd 12pm. No Admission, No Entry fee. Just Head banging fun
Busiest lazy person ever!
RT : Gotta new favorite from you gotta try the egg & pepper sandwich its awesome and not on menu so just ask for it
Maybe it'll be better for the next generation.
Next week is probably the best option for me. I have a class Tues & Thurs & have to fit everything else in between.
So I spent this past year writing my ass off. I'll get more meetings but this time I'll be READY. Then I can pitch myself and my work.
Watching my dog chase a fly around the house is really amusing. This is so much fun I might not try to get rid of the fly
put any of those guys on the patriots and it'd be the other way around.
It's all part of my rock'n'roll fantasy.
when my hair isn't cooperating...its one of two things...a pony tail! or...my dodgers hat! haha ;) it's Friday...why not?! lol
Heat lose!
Intel India to mentor 7000 girls - Times of India
Thinking about everything and bursting into unstoppable tears
Harry styles follows you?
Happening! RT : #rva #punk #joy Punk Rock DJ night at this evening. 10PM. 21+. FREE.
Havent done it all week time to unwine
I'm so glad there's people like you. happy easter to you too. tweet any time u want, I'll answer thank you.
shrug...I give up
As always, our kitchen will be serving up your favorites until 11 oclock on the weekend.
Manny Parra smh
J'adore etre a LA a temps plein, c'est tellement beau ici, la temperature est toujours belle!! :)
Hate waking up from a bad dream
I needed that laugh today
LOL Durable Goods lowest in 3 years, Greece going under, housing prices plummet and the Dow soars higher. WTF! Talk about a lottery sucker
Skipping #Milwaukee again, eh? What the fuck? Travel safely & rock hard.
Watching The Last Station and falling in love with Mr. McAvoy all over again.
Huuge win for the wizards tonight
The masters this coming weekend. Let's GO Tiger!
Dear Vancouver : It's a game, It's meant to be fun! Thanks for embarrassing the real fans!
I think you misspelled Santa ;) lol
Or you could have him just attend High School in Vegas for a year and he'll be so Blackspanic it's not even funny!
#MattBomer was great on Glee. Perfect role. needs to bring him back for another episode! :)
I've slept for five hours every night this week.... o_O BUT OH LORD THAT DOES NOT SOUND GOOD
yes i love frasier references of all kinds!
Okay, Walking Dead, I just really don't get what you're trying to do right now.
UncleRUSH: You cant make money in the future & you cant make money in the past. The present is the only place that ur going to get paid.
If you want to see photos of #SDCChi as they are uploaded LIVE (in technicolor), visit bit.ly/oTvlta
New form of chivalry: sitting in my seat first at the #orioles game to soak up the raindrops.
In addition to chocolate, the theme for the upcoming #chocotweetup will be around food banks in Seattle.
I had two guys burn bridges last week, no loss to me, but will be to them.
Did you know Guion Bluford was the first African-American astronaut to launch into space, in 1983? Tweet about other Black History facts!
If Minnesota grabs Claiborne at 4, who the heck is Tampa taking at 5?
love the packaging. that's a good sign!
Weeks' BA is .066 lower than AmRam's. Weeks' OBP is .003 lower than AmRam's.
Really enjoyed it! Thx 4 having me :) “: Big thx to & who give great panel^”
Don Best showed steam play on the Royals +140..joe's vs pros in looks like
Woot!! RT : so excited to see and hang with and this weekend!!!
I can't believe several grown women are following my son...yall sick.
Just got completely drenched running from our parking space back to the hotel. We do not like pina coadas or getting caught in the rain.
what do you think of the goods?
the first time he steps on the Ice after dealing what just happened to him with his son dying, that'll be weird I'm sure
But she's in New York!! And I agree she's great. A crazy talented person. What a pleasure to watch her work.
RT : Enjoying coffee, tech news, & Bible on a quiet do nothing morning. Perfect!
Bye on ft that group office
We are going gonzo bonkers crazy working on this new website, but the team is AMAZING. Working really hard. I am so proud of them.
-- I forget / to remember the days / yet these spring deer #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
I can't help it. When it's on...I have to watch
Good morning Happy New Year TWEETERS!!!
Mrs. Ship is very cute! Hope she enjoys her Floridian concoction.
Back in the fashion bizz, wont leave me alone as far as i try and run from it
*starts coughing* wha.....what? Babies?
You know my name not my story.
Collaborating with a friend and playing some open mic nights soon!
how do I retrieve a lost password to a custom division?
Hoot course creates a hallway for online students who don't have one
THANK YOU to everyone who helped spread the word about our new youtube video.unfortunately it was the wrong version! new one is up & running
I'm a love sick crackhead ps its a song. I'm not really a crackhead
Anthony Hamilton be depressing the shit out of me
I should have lied to you. As much as you accused me of lying.
What's good yo? are you on here more that Facebook?
yeaah sorry to start so much commotion on twitter lol
SHOW ME THE RULE BOOK
It was really nice to hang out with yesterday at Belga. No complaints about beers either
follow back ugly ass nigga!
Double d up valley park
Just a little delayed Congratulations to Jay-Z and Beyonce on the birth of their new baby girl!
M just two more hours of work then I can enjoy the sunshine <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I wish I could spend a day with Charles Barkley.
Kobe has a million miles on his legs & he locking up young thunder cats
you are beyond boys, remember? MEN.
Glad you enjoyed the tweet. That's a crazy lineup, where was that show?
#IFindThatAttractive when people have their sleeve tatted.
Obama's announcement on same-sex marriage will not be important if it does not influence his policy decisions.
How have you SEEN it???? #jalouse!@
thanks for being 200th follow
A roundly deserved but sadly posthumous #Pulitzer for Manning Marable.
are u a boy or a girl
#dlfforum A book has really stopped selling by the time the author has been dead 70 years.
You Can Even Call Me Daddy Give Someone To Look Up To.Drake.Practice.M.P.
So. Much. Ragescream.
Haha! RT : Even Rocky's hot. Just made his half-courted. I'm really enjoying this beat down. I shall enjoy it after as well
Boston tweaking that why they gonna be headed home soon, just like the
Nabokov with another fantastic save!
Mencken is shorter than I remember! Where was he?
Sorry about the rain! Baltimore is not making a good impression today. Maybe we could think of it as charmingly reminiscent of Pgh?
still hasn't signed his contract, because when Ted Thompson handed him the pen, he dropped it.
you into hooking up in public bathrooms?
Can you please wish my brother/best friend a 'Happy Birthday'... Please please with a cherry on top!?
What up eveyone! Be on the look out, Miltowntickets.com will start marketing soon!
Is that in AZ?
been playing poker now for 5 hours. :-)
The Point Man of Chicago. totally needed. welcome!
That's awesome!
No food show in chicago! My work filled memorial day weekend just opened up! Hooray Beer!
you know it!!
Yea right now $40 lets go
The Predators capitalize off a Rocco interception. Orlando leads 40-27 with 57 seconds left in the 1st half.
I do!
This is a concern I have as well.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company
Lawyer Launches New Help for Attorney Addicts (via law.com)
Yo, thanks for the FF! Hope ur having a great weekend.
Something...'doo' economics. Anyone? Anyone?
People without allergies are SO lucky.
Rt this if your looking forward to
Glad to do it! Looking forward to future conversations.
Oh , I feel your insomnia pain.
the avengers is the coolest movie ever...
channeling my inner to get these 300ish letters & flyers sent out before i leave
I was following u. I don't think twitter wants me to follow u cuz they keep taking u off my list. It's only u tho.
Just cancelled my MySpace account after realizing I hadn't logged in for over a year.
“If you’re reading this, congratulations you’re alive. And if that’s not something to smile about then I don’t know what is.” -Chad Sugg
#Facebooktimeline makes me feel really old. I just don't get it. Must be for the younger generation.....or it could be that it just sucks.
Mission Accomplished!
if u haven't heard, UPC is the team... We r living a dream #DREAMCHA$ER$
of course! Hope you do more giveaways in the future :)
teehee. presenter for vendor's WebEx had a fire alarm in their building. They handled it well though, handed off and < 1min of downtime.
Follow my girl she's the best an she follows back!!!
#afs11 did you guys hear about this? NYCPD is planning an evacuation of the people tomorrow
hm. And I thought it was my house?
Making Guiness and Bailey's Cupcakes for tomorrow:) Happy St. Pats!!
To be a great player, you must train like a great player.
I hope so to! I miss you as well <3
OMG. I am scared
The Contra Costa Times editorial team has come up with a new name for the California High-Speed Rail: The Boondoggle Express! How apt!
1min left please
haha yeah bro. It's kinda stupid. U ready for football?
About to celebrate with the birthday girl
I really need someone to explain to me how Karen just moved to NY but is already living with her boyfriend.
"It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do a little" ~Sydney Smith via
if McDonald's sold hot dogs could you order a McWeiner w/a straight face & ask for it super sized? LOL...
best quote ever
Gorgeous day today!
woohoo does that mean u also get 3 x OJ and bikkies?
Completely heartbroken at the moment.
Nice pups :)
Good morning #Fashion 5.0 followers! What is your favorite brand of mascara?
calm down bro, the "its a small world ride" will start again soon...
I have so much to do, its kinda ridiculous :/
I spent almost ten years training in my field. The idea of reinventing myself into another career is not where i'm at..
There's no way I'm gonna believe that he stands in support of today's youth, knowing full well he wants to CUT education!
Killing a Sim is harder than I thought. :s
I mean in the series vs. the spurs but yea Westbrook and Durant is a problem one of the best Duos I seen in my life
Was part of a discussion of online civility. I kept thinking of #thatdarnlist as she was talking.
I started using for the first time today to further test my webpages... and so far I love it! The built in #Dragonfly dev tools rock!
2days and counting til Jay-Z and Tigers!!!
Now Playing - Java Breeze #Follow Smooth Jazz Beach Radio
idk theres some speaker all day.. Like all 9 periods. No way am i sitting through that
what happened??? PS LOTS to to tell you on saturday!
Today is Tuesday!
Ok so #bgc8 is my favorite season
Did he buy it back from Michael Jackson estate? I thought #KingOfPop owned it.
Back from my first Career Day. Warning to others: the kids, bless 'em, will as the same question fifty times.
wow Rudy Gay is going off
Seconded. RT : D.V. by Diana Vreeland. Her memoir. It's utterly ridiculous and joyful.
We need a therapy session to deal with these attachment issues.
Celebrating Inbox 20.
Dreamt about writing an outline for an amazing novel. Now I only remember the title. Man!
hate dat i missed his bday n party... but i kant wait for hym to give me all my phat boi hugs n luv lolz i miss yu
My dad threw a chair at me and I didn't do anything (No Joke). Must of had a bad day I guess
your the follower I need(;
Alice in wonderland syndrome alright what ever
I know. I once had a dream that I went to her house and played songs. I was bummed when I woke up.
best part? we were riding in the car. nowhere near macaroni.
Good morning tweeple. off to the gym i go!
RT : When do alumni think about their alma mater? When they need to change jobs (or get football tickets).
come fix mine!
Time for some music
Thanks for the shout out, !
Nice dinner after work now Pandora and writing rhymes until I crash
- what's on the training agenda for this gorgeous weekend?!
Traditional presentation tools too easily entice us to create a "wall of text" that quickly blocks out listeners
18yrs ago,a boy name came into this world and inspired 18+ million teenage girls. Because of him. We will #NeverSayNever <U+2665>
RT : hello! you're doing some awesome work guys :) | Thx so much, really appreciated!
The one on the left resembles you.
Come on! This is the most ethical administration ever! :-{
Flipping my hair & Looking in the Mirror!!! SkeeWee<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
good point!:). I appreciate it!
That rocks for you, though I suppose now I will have to hate on you since you sold out.
I wait with baited breathe.
just cause you got missletoe tatted under yo belly button, dont mean you'll be gettin some head!
Bro, so far, you're leadin FSU on NCAA for me in sacks and tackles from the blitz. Thank you! Hahaha
Show your mom a prime time for Mother's Day! Join us for Mother's Day weekend! Call 503.223.6200 to reserve a table today!
That thing better come ASAP so I can get new apt. SMH. Lord please
STFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU. if that subtweet was for me.
Happy Easter from you local neighborhood Lackey :)
Feeling sick!:/
So just where does Goldilox get its hair extensions? Most of our hair comes from South America, India and Russia.
give us the scoop.
“: This dude look like he bout 9 months pregnant. He needs in the worst way” lol!
Israel Nat'l team wants Jake Cohen as Head of IBBA Avner Koppel met with him last week
#iWantBTRautograph Follow please pick me
Mark Wahlberg, on the Ravens playing his Patriots: "I would've much rather faced the Texans, that's for sure."
I am so worn out. I can hardly keep my eyes open and my arms feel like their going to fall off...
Only 6 more to go
thanks for the updates! Getting me pumped for the weekend!
Hey brother I appreciate your follow. Much appreciated and much respect for your artwork. Pioneer!
Is social media still in its infancy or has it entered adolescence? To many businesses, it hasn't even been born...time to give birth!
woah! Stickers?!AWESOME! Walls get ready cuz your gonna be filled with stickers(:
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
Thanks so much for the follow! Just returned the favor
It's normal to see a jealous girl, but when you have a jealous boy... he's loyal.
Anyone have 2 Jeremy Camp tickets? This is for the #Abq show at Copperpoint church. Show is tonight.
that's crazy! I'm sorry.
I hate being easily annoyed by everyone and everything. I just want to go home and sleep, but I can't
<3 Jimmy Kimmel tonight - nice seeing you there too
Hello to all of DYNPR wonderful new followers. RT
it's so sweet...I'm obsessed with it
How disrespectful can be?! Whichever party you're with, no #POTUS should ever be disrespected. Now back to toasting! Cheers!
"Everybody lives!" a.k.a. all reference q's work out great RT : #andypoll: What's a good day at your library? Answer & RT plz.
"I'd be an Aggie before a Notre Dame supporter" -my father, a true Texas grad of the 1970s
Seriously, though. Was it me? Did you really cancel AZ because you knew I'd be there and I'm a known d-bag? Be honest .. :)
I'm not sure if they've been filled. If not, they'd be posted on the RD careers website.
I'm a little out of the loop on the next School #5 meeting, seems like we were moving along on school supplies/backpacks
But we can't lose the Vikings! They are an important part of our community for ten days every year!
I'm so proud of Carmelo
-- lol it's okay love
Live demo: adding 7 lines of code to transform 1995 web site to mobile friendly
just reopened then site back up grinding fam whats been good
Get your numbers right its 2012 now
If you don't have anything nice to say - say it on Twitter
could u tell if the person at the end is definitely A all the time??
we'll be at Hard Rock Hollywood tonight for opening. We need to walk red carpet with you! is a sponsor tonight.
thanks for the info! Looks like a great opportunity.
got no money then get some!
Bulls Fans and comedy fans follow immediately thank me later
i would love to hear the paper at #4c12 that studied the lifecycle (and takeover?) of
Hey everyone its #FF Furniture Friday. Need to find some new furniture for the bedroom.
Haha I'm not dumb.
RT I don't wanna go to school. Who t'f does?
Oh, wow.
that would be badass haha would we have to wear those gym uniforms
i asked a girl at school today if she was a directionator and she said yeah.
's Community Market Conversion program launches website for its pilot efforts to provide healthy food options to poor...
Say what you want about the Kardashians - and maybe they are overrated as some claim - but do you know anyone who markets better? Really.
Was fun! RT Kicking off #PRSAWDC at dinner w/ & 8 other PR pals”
I rock w the new records joe. Been playing them for a few days
Shoot me in the head so I can forever sleep.
I want Stephen Jackson to say this whole organization needs to go to church.
your point? I'm the underdog here lmao...ok ok, I'd lose the weight and fight as long as it's UFC rules
I've been saying it for years.
#MUCat Wrap-up, lunch, a tour of Ellis Library Cat, and "Honorary Cataloger" title conferred upon the noble Dr. Denice Adkins.
Thanks bro.
Because I remembered your cuzz said you were gonna go to The Bay. You gonna get it poppin' down here too?
#meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life. Paying all that money for a concert is to much,& I'm just hoping I win.
Got a question about quaaludes on the ref desk today...that was a first
Adam Brody will forever make me swoon.
#DamnStraight! FOO!!!!! RT On in the background. is just waiting for
I was in this store right before Xmas! Great stuff!
You're making me sad I can't keep up with the #haskell world these days. I still find #scala's parser combinators ugly as sin.
I hope this will do that, I enjoyed the ad. The show was brilliantly melodramatic and soapopera-y. Wish movie kept that style
Already missing my cheer buddies! ! Epic day ladies!
Why thanks! MT : There are approximately 1,319,872,109 people on the Internet #FF some of best
Trying to get Acquire CORP () to respond to my email about W:LoLs.
I was going to come back with a smart comment until I realized that I actually haven't seen you in years. Lol.
Very interested in where you go with this. Thanks for the cc!
When grows up, he wants to be a MicroNaught.
why is humid air lightest?
The boos r gonna drive me nuts by the end of the game ..lol
Brushing up on "If i should fall from grace with god album" songs for our tribute to "The Pogues" set in 2011...
Timbers sign Colombian midfielder Diego Chara as a DP. Chara comes to the Timbers from Colombian first-division club Deportes Tolima
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” Thank you Jenn V.D.
New twitter account soon. This ones a mess...
yay I'm excited
Oh and I love the mitten state. Lived there for 8 years. Getting married there in a month! W00T
what are u filming?
still life - describes the photo as well as snax's internal state at all times
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
We marked down over 10,000 units over the last two days in our Women's apparel department!! Let the treasure hunting begin!
Hey - your wife is delightful! Her segment with on went very well. :)
Seriously miss being miami!!! Talked to the bestie all night and that made it worst miss him soo much!! Cant wait to viait this summah :)
i dont know how to kick box! but if im up and can get there I will.
Join us as Stanley Clark students will present scenes from a play based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle at the Centre Branch on April 24th at 4pm.
haha have a good time making it
Line from spam mail: "It is so glad to know you from internet."
I've never met a smart sheep... a handful of smart ostriches.
Acoustic guitar has the sweetest sound.. it makes me blush (its too good sometimes)
John L Smith to replace Petrino at Arkansas this upcoming year. One word to describe this...WOW
Help #animals. Donate your old car, truck, motorcycle, boat, or RV to the #Humane Society of Harford County. Information - 410.836.1090.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Tonight's plans, hang out with :) Tomorrows plan, go to Richmond to birthday shop for (:
well deserved props, but damn that is one lame list except for Surly shout out
I still like the TV, though.
Just because she dances with you in the club doesn't mean she likes you. She was just feeling the song.
Three weeks after it began, hoping root canal episode concludes right here right now.
Thanks so much!
My wife and I always argue which is the better Mozart opera: "Don Giovanni" (me) or "Le Nozze di Figaro" (her). What do you think?
Yeah you are probably right, how good can Seabiscuit really taste?
Pull it together Dej!! Gotta go get sum soup, a vernons, and somethin for my headache....this sucks
Visit www.pittsburghgives.org and donate! I did! To
#WorldVision battling #drought by distributing 10k tents/emergency kits over next week in
that is my FAVORITE animal!
I can:overcome a crack #addiction, Learn to help others recover @ an Ivy League School,I can change the world I know I have
#justbeabetterdadthanTHATguy winner also said, with his 2 kids listening, "it's like being pissed on by an angel" with regard to Bushmills
follow me? :)
uses diigo with students to co-generate annotated bib
Just got a chance to talk about IgniteATL a little bit at #pamslimatl. If you haven't signed up, please do so!
email us at - we'll check it out!
Congratulations on an amazing campaign, looking forward to 's bright future!
All the girl ever wanted was to be adored and doted upon. Raise ur hand if you agree with and me on that!
On my way to Maine, I only hope the luck of the Irish is with me today.
Marathon week! Keep up!
economics is turning my brain into mush.
Yes that one. Not much to laugh about today but your daughter came through! LOL Our community is under a dark cloud right now.
Thank you for covering the remarkable transformation of the , our city's new hub for creativity and innovation!
see u playin lol go to sleep
Wash DC has some of the most impoverished women in the USA: topic at Wash Area Womens Foundation luncheon today
Clay Walker + Grizzly Rose = Awesome Show!
Been a while since I logged-in to Twitter via the web. Lots of good changed here.
Wasted Wendesday tonite at and that means $1 PBR's all night and no cover!
#marathon training continues : ran 8 miles today at 7:09 pace. Sweet ! Felt so good. Still running inside though.
what do you like
I hate how they do that. At least it was throwaway footage...
scheduled my bike tune-up for next week. get ready to do stuff.
Yes. Thank you. Using "Oscar" as a yardstick based on a clip is horrible... especially in April
#mlanet12 I had same prob w/ the planner & events on wrong days. Not sure if that's my error importing or time zone or planner prob
We working out on Saturday from 9 to 11:30
Ac isnt working.
“: LMFAO Rickey Smiley on B.E.T” He is killin me right now!!!
Thanks for the following.
Congrats to Col. ! Fun speech at the Luncheon today!
Thanks for the follow Popcorn Charlies (PopcornCharlies)! :)
I learned something jus now that'll put females in their damn place.
Bases loaded #tampabay LET'S GO!:)
justin is creeping on her account hurry follow her, if u want to be followed by justin :)
#senioritis is slowly but surely going to kill me.
The 1937 flood pic (with Al Gordon's place in the background) is one that I got from Russ Hatter.
nite Chris and thanks for following me and have a great weekend
I miss you too! Your child came over the house yesterday... I thought you were coming. :'(
Also in the dream #ATWT wasnt canceled but re-tooled most of the orignal cast was gone and mostly focused on Bob & KIm Hughes & Barbara
I can't believe I missed this entire conversation. *crawls back under my rock*
Also, the carpet in 's exhibit is being replaced, so you won't be able to visit him tomorrow or Wednesday.
I get to see in Atlantic City in 21 hours! I'm not counting down or anything! I really love me some #JamesBlunt!
Happy Bealtaine to all. Hope no one got close to the fire & had a great time in the fields. My Green men are smiling today
we wish that there was - then we wouldn't have to run the campaign! Motion control is really critical for high-quality data
...Thanks girly! My love extends back to you!
LOL #theyneedyou!!! “: Congrats to Mr. Benson on the purchase of the Hornets...I'll accept a 10 day contract”
its okay honey...I love interacting with u!U r my child! Whereis my HAPPY MOTHERS DAY wish?
It's black tea for me all day.
I like that one!
RT : Back in the studio putting on the finishing touches on the podcast & my guest mix for
- i saw them in birmingham and will do again at o2, at least on Sunday. best wishes and good luck, love from tom tomalin xx
#advcon Unlawful steering: "steering" a student to/form course premised on discrimination on race/gender/religion/etc
Did you know nine out of ten #GSAlumnae are registered to vote? How has Girl Scouts impacted you?
Cool, I Get at Him Later About That
I've fallen off the #gratefulness bus. Must climb back on!
Foundation bar!!!!!
I'm spending a quit day at home relaxing.
I love Pigeon! “:How many therapists does it take change a light bulb? Maybe instead of "changing" it needs to start "accepting".
do i have a cool outfit.
Re:| Help
Talk to the people doling out my letters.
We know if it was an all out war we would win hands down,why can't we win with the power of voting.They're greedy they won't quit.
Loved your sign off on the show today! ...Number 8 is coming, and it starts Saturday night at 6!!
On our way to meet at Really looking forward to it.
Out of that group, I would probably drop Aviles.
I'm gonna win the football picks, Can I get a HELLYEAH ! lol
Sure is... RT : Yep, there's a marching band outside the aimClear St. Paul office. Just another Tuesday.
or learning to walk/talk/etc. development sometimes = sleep regression
Nah.. No effete New Englander is ever going to win a GOP primary in SC.
I showed both of my friends Blackout and they both fell in love with the song. SNAPS FOR ME GUYZ
waiting for the day when #Japan will rise again.
Oh shit a fight might go down!!:)
Wish I was motivated enough to walk to wawa
Did the other 6% want Tebow? --- No! They are the TT haters!!
South Africa Springboks Pro 1112 Home Rugby Jersey - springbok rugby shirt
you'll have to let me know how that all goes haah
The older I get, the more facial hair I get. No doubt if I were a 15-yr-old boy this would make me happy.
showing Chardonnay love and support to ur feed!
I think I'm 3 or 5 eps from having finished that series. I should really finish it.
Boomboxes, then headphones, now back to #publicmusic with surprisingly loud phones. #cta #adele?!
y'all steady with shit even before YOU BROKE THAT CONTROLLER I was beating both y'all asses in black ops so stop the bull
Yeah ok well come do this MF'
my job is shutting its doors hopefully spending time in support soon. <<< Looking forward to meeting you!!!
Can I get a phone interview w E40 WITH ON ...I JUST NEED 10 MINUTES OF HIS TIME .THK U!
~ she's old school Greek! Lol!
WHAT? HOLMGREN WASN'T ON THE FIELD FOR THE FIRST MINI-CAMP PRACTICE?? HE'S JUST COLLECTING CHECKS!!!
What am I supposed to do when I'm all choked up and you're okay? I'm fallin to pieces.
It's a lot of sick ppl in the world!!
CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style to all of my new tweeps! *clink*
Finally touched down in New Orleans.... So happy to be home.
BTW, there aren't enough fake boo's 4 last nite. Had I been on air that's ALL u would've heard, LOL!
“One way to remember who you are is to remember who your heroes are." -Walter Isaacson
That was no typo. Pure 70s. And I also am known to get my jam on to "Hot Stuff," "On the Radio," and "This Time I Know It's for Real."
Would you be willing to read something I already posted?
“ Marlo tried kim cause she is pregnant! Wouldn't say that to Kandi or Sheree.”
Haha when I was posting on his pics that he was using your pics he blocked me.
good lookin out I missed it last time but im on it now
Hey Stay Cool Like only you can!
Let's go Lebron
We're not "the left." We represent the majority. Maria Elena Durazo
RT : (The only losers are the ones who don't get back up and correct their sights)
and the 1% died from gangbanging too much ok i'm done. :~(
That sounds nice. I need a hammock. LOL
alot only if its true love
Hi Marsha - thanks for the follow. Good luck in L.A.
Nice job and !! Fun project to work on. #sportlaw See you in Athens in a couple of weeks.
Demi lovato, paramore, rocket summer, and the morning of = best playlist
When did Donald Trump become a pediatrician or a a scientist. A "monster shot" causes autism? I think bad hair causes dumbasses.
Do you want to following a buying market or someone who is selling the samething you are selling !
how have you been haven't heard from you in a while
were is it out on? Is it in stores?
Need a week off
Make my money , go to school for nursing . I'm straight (:
Had a great time talking to about The UW CRs had lots of thoughtful questions. Thanks for having me!
Ay bruh, feel me bruh, I got the real secrets. For real bro. For real. Real talk: the secrets of life? Look at everybody like they’re a baby
Happy Birthday
Do you guys always fly kites? :)
Architects are perfectionists and very meticulous. I'm sure one of those two traits add to their sleek sense of
What a great memory you have! She designed the purse 2 weeks ago & picked it up Tues. & loves it. (Oh, & belated happy b'day!)
Is Toyota recalling cars really still "news" at this point?
thanks. Just need to find it now. All the BB's near me are sold out and its scarce on the web...
Walking around in circles (doesn't get you anywhere) it only gets you tired, but it is better for your health than sitting on your butt!!!!!
My father usually calls that sort of letter a "nastygram".
There's so much sub bass here that it's therapeutic
awkward is right. Okay we're even
I got u!! RT : somebody tell dont stop sendin music cause the events over..lol we break records outchea ...lol
too bad you wont do it
Today was a sad day but you wanna know what would make it better if you followed me!
"All those fairy tales are full of shit One more fucking love song, I'll be sick." Only Adam Levine's voice could make this line sound sexy
I would love to drive a celebrity tour bus & get that $$$ cuz I be handling them big trucks.. #DrivingOnEm`
We're live.... it's Poker Headlines w/ , up next.. following by , them
Call NYC Printing 123 for all your printing needs. High Quality Full Color Offset/ Digital Printing at your service. Call now for more...
when you think of money you should think of me
Nice 7 mile run through #LaJolla this morning with
Staff is doing the final planning for Taste of Madison next weekend! Hope to see a bunch of you there!
That awesome moment when they play ”Party Tonight” by Mordecai and the Rigby's at prom. I requested it!
Bahaha RT “: January 31st and I have the bedroom windows open. Mother Nature must be menopausal.”
always + flow
Lowd knows I need that.
are you working Thur Midnights? It's going to get crazy packed.
The Vow. <3
Once I can peek at the files, I'll know better. If possible I'll try to wrap before I go to NY for KidScreen & ToyFair (8th-17th)
aww I bet.. sorority mtg soon! Hugs!!
seriously! Crying and more crying and holding
Awful news about Red Sox PA man Carl Beane. RIP good sir, you will be missed.
mrs bailey owes us a treat remember?
The 4th NELSI opens to a nearly full house!
Pears are, apparently, a magic food for Gidon. Then again, so are mashed black beans. At 8 months. My children do NOT have typical palettes
Rogers, hopefully.
your smoking crack rock
Got complemented.... Feeeeellllzzzz god. YOU ARE SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL shall we sing the ha ha ha song?
Lakoda Rayne looks and sounds great! Hard to believe they've been a group for a short time.
RT : Today's run starts at table 12, seat 9; 40k, 30-min lvls...all I can do is keep doing what I'm doing<-gogogogo! And GL!
Enjoy the show! We have heard such great things about this production!!!
We're with our Meridian Charter Public School in Washington, DC students today!
My first Moth Story Slam with and
Parents forgot to feed me):
I wanna skate wit ya My B-Day 2morrow
I love baseball! Its the only sport where a guy can have 4 #balls and still walk
._|--~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Ha ha! As long as everyone is having fun, I'll be happy!
We Owned The Night on CMT!! Hillary is so amazingly beautiful here, like always! :)
June 30! I'm a busy girl!
I hate that I can't sleep without my boyfriend ): I miss him 24/7. <U+E023>
Failing at writing a paper, but love this idea by Jay Winter "museums are, in a way, the cathedrals of the modern world..."
I miss football. Sigh...
lol..me too. We don't really have anything planned yet. Are you gonna see any shows while there? I want to.
Finishing a good movie and then having to face the reality of your boring life.
You gonna invite Zimmerman over the nest #LFTC BBQ?
OK. I haven't even upgraded to the 4S yet so as long as I don't do 4G it's OK?
all is pack and ready for our Studio Session tonight. A.M
up all day up all night get high all day in high all nite fuck wit me
yea I know but I'm about to get all back I'm tweeting heavy right now and following ppl
finished my two monday books, re-starting "The Fountainhead" by Ayn Rand
And So To Bed will be the center marquee at Decorex, launching our new collaboration with Nina Campbell. Will we see you there?
Found 2 of the state title games (1995&96) on the fhsaa archives. Watched 1 quarter so far. Not bad. Similar stuff still used&still works.
Hey sunrise.
Could really go for a beer right about now
As I look around at everything we have, I want to thank the one who makes it all possible: China.
Milk and doughnuts put me straight out.
That's just how it goes with me.. I waiting for school to end.. Lol
I Just Wanna Spend Some Time With Ya .
That's so funny because I was just thinking today that I want your skull.
North Korea's Kim Jong II has died. **BREAKING NEWS**
Life is a game but it's no fare, I brake the rules because I don't care.
its playing early luv u
Thanks for the follow
No problem!
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Deseret News
My house smells a lot like that one green plant.. With the leaves. The one that trashy white girls get tattoed on the bottom of there back.
tomorrow is Library Day at Hunter College @ 3 pm which also means free food in the Browsers Lounge
Are you on our FB fan page yet? Awesome new contest details coming soon. Like us @ facebook.com/guitstripsguitarstraps1
you are a life saver and a saint!
That's awesome!
I've been grinding my teeth so much the past few hours I'm going to have to avoid solid food tomorrow.
Use caution - One does not simply walk into Mordor.
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! What teacher made the biggest impact on you?
Am I a mean person for talking to spanish speakers in english?
Over and out folks! Nite
he's the best body guard ever. King Kenny. BOW DOWN.
Hey which app did you download!
Yummy, Chick-fil-A.
Thanks This was my first #libchat. I'll definitely be back.
Interview at ! This is what I had my sights on when I moved to DC. It's going to be great!
Wanted to say what up. HMB native now in ATL. Big fan of yours. I Intern on Braves Radio. At 680 here in ATL.
Real Steel, appropriate film en route to #CES. But Row 13 audio channel 13, return trip Fri. 13th.
you guys deliver to Baltimore, Maryland? :) Sounds delish right now!
"Going with Blake was the right play there." -Said no one ever
10 for 37 for our only two scorers...
You're Jus An Angry Child Mad At Everyone & Everything In Thee World, & I'm Not Goin To Let Yu Disrespect Me Cuz Your Mad About Something. .
strangely no reply from now. not even to my email. would still like to get the dyson heater but apparently they arent responding
I LOVED that moment in Sex and the City! So victorious for Carrie. I should do that; Wondering if they'd notice.
Bullying is the most common form of violence in our society; between 15% and 30% of students are bullies or victims. NASP
follow back? ;]
#ff cause she's a badass and loves us! <3
um... amazing! RT He can see Saturn without a telescope.
#ECET2 Listening to Matthew Springer from from National Center for Performance Incentives. Studied Nashville Incentives.
We were just looking at your photo and thinking of Kinz :)
« « Sometimes you got to give people the eviction notice in your life. Their time is up <U+270C>»» preach!
Dude just come out the closet already. Haha.
EVERYONE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT AUSTIN AND ALEX ARE FOLLOWING IT!!
It's POPSCENE vs VAMPIRE WEEKEND tonight! Guest DJ set from of VW + resident DJs and 10pm-2am!
I should be Video Blogging that for the fans JL!
I keep seeing this article tweeted but the link's not working for me. Anyone else having that issue?
Word !! > RT : Congrats to for sponsering a ballroom for the New Year's Eve bash. Get your tickets now!
I welcome my new House colleague, Rep.-Elect Kathy Hochul, to the 112th Congress. I'm excited you'll join the NY delegation on Capitol Hill!
One Direction
Starting to send acceptance letters to #THATCamp LAC now-so excited about the group we have coming!
Happy New Year Chatham Island
The #redsox have 99 problems and Becketts just one
Sherrod Blakely indicates Ray may play. Does he know something?
#100thingsilove Las Vegas on a Friday night summertime!
nice, our captain played @ Wall. Tom McDonough
THIS JUST IN: In tonight's episode of , Ben came the closest he's ever come to almost making an actual, legitimate expression.
White chocolate is under appreciated
lesbian drama=regular drama on crack
Flat tire adventure time!
FUN! What color watch?
People need to learn how to shut the fuck up
of COURSE! If will let you take a field trip, you can use promo code RB22 for $50 off a ticket & join me
Heard that u should listen to ur heart not ur head! I'm in trouble!
Woke up without hitting snooze this morning
You have to bleach first.
Yeah I'm pretty sure (:
WOOH DOUBLE PLAY!
true story! no loyalty for sports in
yeah true, there's only a selected few that are wearable, clothes are nice though
Instanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein
Betch you wanna goo??!?!
I love seeing people bitch about how the #AmazingSpiderMan is not the same storyline. THAT'S THE POINT, DUMBASS!
Damn right! :D
Grant, you are classy and cool!!
stop it. I had quesadillas tonight too! Happy vday to you and :)
Stretching while making grunting noises > haha :)
You're going to be pretty beat if you do both trips at once, but hey, why not?
RT : No female wants to be called a b****, but once you put "bad" in front of it, these hoes feel honored..........so true!!!
The owner of "I'll have another" should have wore another hat. You can't read what it says cc
You've probably never heard that before. Lol.
Attn: University Zipsters we still have free lift tickets to ski resort!! call us now to win 410-685-1867
I can't focus on getting my homework done right now I am so distracted but why though? Smh
GET WELL BLINK-182 - Tom Delonge cancelled tomorrows DC101 Chili Cook off due to illness, Travis Barker had surgery BLINK182 tour cancelled
If you doubt me, then you don't know me. I've got work to do now. Judge me when you see it tomorrow morning.
I am thankful for the breath of life, education, family, food, shelter and wisdom
but i hav no ride :-( to da pancake house
Pretty psyched to be going to the Boston Charity Classic Saturday. Perkins is back in town!
I REALLY love my daughter <3 Two days of sitting on this wooden bench while she trains is EXHAUSTING, but she's SO worth it ;)
#CanIBeHonestWithYou i just want it to be summer already!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> <U+2600> <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
Whose video are you going to use?
guess how many times iv seen nsn?? 5 times!!! and each time is more amazing then the last!! <3 love you forevor
My Mac sounds like a jet fighter's engine when I install stuffs using Homebrew
In NYC meeting with the FIFA master distributor for North America!
Apparently green bag csmpaign has just been added to vote agenda. #43rddems but I'm not there.
Great thanks for follows to , @ tamholland,
oh yeah!
Happy Tuesday everyone, let's hope the winds stay away today!
Welcome host Shawn Parr of Go Country 105 to this year's event!
At LitFuse we have been using the built in computer voice to talk to our "intern" Dolores. She has since fled the building and not returned.
I get to spend my Sunday writing two papers and a speech and I've gotta come up with a presentation. Ugh
Who throws new born puppies in a river to die?!
What was DD's score? I missed it! Boo!
it's been so long!
How can a nice pair of tits be on an ugly chick? That is just wrong.
We are looking forward to a scrumptious meal at tonight!
I have so much to do tonight!
Seems like a lot of people have lost the ability to use one of these RT : Q4) The freakin telephone.
Shit is #Noice Definitely dig it!
I'm probably the only person in the country whose not impressed by this mixtape
Cold as F*#: outside 2day, aghhhhhh!!!
Wearing my ironic made-by-child-slave-labor socks.
Serving brunch with half price bottles of wine starting at 10 am! Bring the fam for any bottle under $60!
“I am not our users. I am an information professional. My users neither search nor think like me”
hey call me when u can!
Going to watch, #ThinkLikeAMan on friday with my girls. :) SMILEY
So, how many books did ya read this year? Was an inspiration last year. lol.
A man who finds no satisfaction in himself will seek for it in vain elsewhere. - La Rochefoucauld
Now That Nicki Minaj Is The Top Of Her Game And She's A THREAT, Muhfuckas Wanna Ack Brand NEW
Indy really needs more restaurants that deliver.
Haha, funny you mention that because I've gotten into arguments with people about that. Some people are fucking stupid!-.-
Urgent casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
Flor de Pintxo + Sardine Bocadillo + Veggie Chips = perfect spring meal ! Oh, and, did I mention we are almost TWO!
Thanks, Carrie! We'll do our part. If it falls on 4/14, then it was destiny.
i can recognize a goldfinch's tweet from anywhere.
Great game for the #Avs tonight my heart was beating so hard i thought it was gonna burst out of my chest!
am just to nice
Take it to the head, yeah. Dont think about it be about it.
iwish ihad a boo to cheer me up rite now :/
Or is coverage of OCs an issue of efficacy, not preference? "condoms less effective, so cost of unwanted pregnancy exceeds other costs."
cant live without them and is the foundation to keep things together when things get hard
Finished up 7 years at Oracle on a super high note today! Everyone has been great and I look forward to the next stage!
Thanks for following/stalking as well :-) China is definitely a favorite place to write about - my first novel is set there.
Installing LAMP for dev. only on a localhost is annoying. Dad was lauding the merits of virtualization recently. Seems like a good fit.
How does Toure score the 1st one and miss that?
no they said that about twitter
that is literally one of my favorite movies of all time
'bout to head out to look at some houses in Newark. All part of my filmmaker stability plan. Thanks
I am thinking of taking my ccnet class through a community college
I love the California Roll as well
I need banana crack....
maybe eye should play her in NCAA then. LMFAOOOOOO. Cause clearly eye did a fatality move on u today and ripped your spine out
Miley ignores paparazzi, she gets hate.Miley tells paparazzi off, she gets hate.
That's the story of my life. Weekends hold so much promise of productivity on Friday that end up dashed somewhere along the way.
looks like we'll meet again in Nashville, eh? Look forward to it...Will THP open again? Maybe we can arrange yoga,who knows!
let's do a girl cruise
I love clock wipes. No apologies.
I wish I lived in Malibu, California.
It could certainly improve trustworthiness and be a great experience for participants. Improve activism.
it would be nice to have some sound for the Twins game!
#uncut was da bests
RT : Life with you makes perfect sense...you're my best friend <U+F49C> -We love too : )
Can you give a shout out to World Autism Day? 1 in 88 U.S. kids, including my wonderful son, have this condition.
omg l can't believe jacob inprited a baby and bellas eyes are so cool
"Ive never seen an Asian person drive a truck in my entire life. " --- Ya ever been to Texas? ;)
RT Fall menu in the works... Thinking fresh pasta, sweet potato gnocchi, and rustic... Going to be a great fall!
auditions for what
by only going to the the games I don't go to!
What happened to austream!?!?!?! :(
I wish dreams were like wishes, and wishes came true, cause in my dreams Im always with you.
The first Labor Day holiday was celebrated in 1882! Wishing everyone a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
I need to get back on the wagon... but the Burgers wagon is so much more fun LOL
I'm such a cute ass bestfriend ;*
* Ain't Nobody by Chaka Khan* RT Question of the Day: What's your go-to karaoke song?
I'm sleepy as hell I stayed up to 2 in the morning
I treat my husband like a god. Burnt offerings daily.
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen FINE: this is the word we use to end an argument, when we know we are right and you nedd to shut the fuck up.!!
Hope you enjoyed everything at #citytavern. Come back and see us again to learn and eat history!
Next time I'm in NY you'll know.
Dont talk about it be about it
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Have some fun this week by convincing new students the green route Stinger is an express bus to East Campus.
follow these great people. Doing great things for actors!
Cold as it may be I have an extremely busy day ahead of me. Yikes!!!
Girls that like a new guy every week ...
Does your county need a Prescription Assistance Program for the uninsured? We are here to help!
I know, I know, this is ridiculous. I was around for a minute & a half & you were gone. Homesick for NYC. I'll be back come spring!!
Everything is walking distance if you have the time. Steven Wright
#Klout - it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority. What do you think?
Congrats!! RT : The Treats Truck Stop, that is!
ah......... A Friday evening at the lake without children.
thanks for following us. Interesting tweets you have. How is the weather in Canada?
We can add electric radiant heat to your floor when we remodel your bathroom - very easy to do quite comfy!
Congratulations to Dylan McCarthy - GERMS' newest driver!
Did Twitter and Facebook turn people into nosey muthafukkas??
Bout time we got back to some real anchoring. Thank you, Ron Burgundy.
The good people always get hurt.
Let em be mad.
After one leads Minnesota State 3-0 on goals by Bro. Ammerman, Bri. Ammerman and Decker
Thanks! Actually rode to work today. Beautiful day.
Some douche put gum in a seat. Thanks bro. Now I got gum on me.
i've been waitin all day for you to call me baaaabaaay
It's my weekend! What to do, what to do...
lol. Thanks for asking! ;)
A conductor's release of a fermata is similar to a diminished 7th chord in the 19th c.: SO many ways to move on
The gyno office waiting room smells like rank unwashed lady parts and it is making my eyes water.
#relationshippains Feeling like your being cheated on.
Thomas gets distracted by Gerbe and gets scored on while chirping.
$42m budgeted from 2000 - 2010 in County Human Services funds went unspent. Meanwhile human services needs have gone unmet.
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it is going. -Wayne Gretsky
Basement might be flooded but thats not going to ruin this day, so excited to me <3
definitely a winner... this CGFIA
Congratulations to Vince Sweeney for his appointment as Chair of the Madison Area Sport Commission! Great choice!
Too easy doing what you love to do to make money #$$$$$
RT RT : we watched the Lego House music video in class today and this girl was like "OMG HE LOOKS LIKE ...
I've disagreed with plenty of people who are smarter than me, that's all it is, a disagreement. Not saying my opinion>theirs
Inception still showing a great presents. Great movie!
Sorry if you got spam from us today, we had to change the password!
alright cool and u know when ur leavin
no thanks.
gotcha. I just wonder you can escape proprietary system/program issues w/ any preservation strategy.
“: I signed up trying to get #TeamCribbs in #SocialSuite fingers crossed lol”
Is A Secret Ninja. ;]
sunburned ouch!
Its hilarious that people wanted melo gone when lin was playing. Another clutch 40 point game #melo>lebron
Loving life
yes sir, can start making moves, more moves anyway... Haan
so excited to meet you! at MuseumNext! I've had #EVolunteers mentally on hold but perhaps you'll motivate me to start again.
enjoyed another nice fire tonight, off to bed...
Finally the drought is over baby!! I feel absofuckinlutely AMAZING season is not over bitches!!!!!!!!!!
"The Sages of Eidolon" - Extended Edition Coming soon...
RT : Wyatt: our catalog records should be *brimming over* with our RA expertise - awards, links to readalike lists.
My sisters a Jew -________-
Uh yeah...they just swept the
RT : RT : RT : Over 13,750 Christians have been killed by Muslims in northern Nigeria since the...
OMG i allways thought that
Great to meet and at today's event for teachers. Let's keep making student & teacher voices relevant!
It should - those pedicabs are amazing - and always so nice!
Discount Door window : 15% discount on purchase of $2000 Use Coupon code:2000
I'm starting to wonder about both and :-)
If you liked hearing the keynotes give this guy some love : All done with running tech for #FILive in Vegas!
shot out to all u boys buying js to flip just to put food on the table#fatrat ibeen there
Now wondering if there really is a function for Conjunction Junction.
At The Same Damn Time .
After a long day of Easter and family, time to take a nice nap while watching the masters.
I hate asshole dudes that fuck over good girls. Y'all mess up everything for all the good dudes man. Damn....
Trying to choose a #blog site? Go where the action is! 49% of the top 100 blogs use
I just finished a 2.52 mi run with a time of 32:48 with Nike+ GPS.
why am i just now tasting a chai tea frappuccino? this is my new drink
excited for the parade :) and it's sunny, today is going to be good for sure
Anyone wanna follow Steve Hindy's love of hats? Check out while in San Diego.
Buck up and be jolly, my dear lady! Stillbirth is a sign that God has a sense of humour!
My ankle feels broken.
wat is tha point of cheating bitch if its his dick then dump him dont cum wit all that i love him shit cuz if u did u wont of cheated on him
You're part of the #writecampaign? Me too!
Of course, because there's always room for us!
Same to you. God is beautiful and I love my life!
Constitutional Equality vs. Hate... and the winner is Constitutional Equality!
Haven't been on here in forever.. sorry guys /: ill try to get on more often - Jamie <3
Gracias! One love!!
“: "Music is the answer." Join us this Saturday to the sounds of aka DJ Konflikt! #PartyInParadise” CELEBRATION!
& if she lying. . .dont cuff her
There's so many snakes out Here it ain't even funny
Um, can't believe it, but I'm loving Phillip Phillips doing Bob Seger's We've Got Tonight. Bum notes and all.
hope the time signals helped! Great listening to your talks
Parents to participation includes first teaching them how to play rather than to just spectate
#happyBDayGeorge new foodie exhibit is amazing!
Gotta hand it to Holgersen. Scoring 70 is so #Tacky... Doing their best to avoid it.
We might be interviewing Kofi Kingston tomorrow. Anything that would make him interesting to Wease?
I'll be at the studio all day today if anyone needs to get at me! Friend or Foe alike...But I'm there for business so that gets priority!!!
thanks for the nuggets on social media. Great webinar!
#RealNiggas use this excuse "That ain't my baby" or " I am not the father"
I need to figure out how to soundproof my new bedroom......
People get on my nerves
Sellers that are decorator- or color-challenged should get a good stager. Call me for a referral. 817.975.9222
someone tweet!!!!!
-- it's just time to share my thoughts with the world. Er....the 12 people following me
I am who I am. I’m weird, I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random & stupid stuff. But, I like it that way.
North Carolina...the only state you can marry your cousin but not your gay partner/lover. What a concept, incest is best!!!
Congrats on the engagement!!
2 Cor 2:15 says "our lives are a Christ-like fragrance rising up to God". Act on your desire to help, & see where it takes you.
When does The Good Wife come back? I want to start counting the seconds.
This #Saturday is our 16th Annual #Kitchens #Tour! Who's ready for some great #food and gorgeous houses?
I'm just watching tv can't decide what to watch tho -.- what are you doing? :)
you're not the only one...
Today in 1611, Henry Hudson was left in a rowboat at sea and never seen or heard from again.
Love that Sir mix a lot dropped the f-bomb while talking about mobile apps of the year.
Oh how I wish it was summertime again.. <3
My bestfriend said she loves seeing me happy. That's a true friend.
With temperatures expected to reach 100 this weekend are you ready? Naughton's is here to help. All our stores are open 7 days a week.
Check out The Eight: Reindeer Monologues this Saturday night in NoHo! Http://j.mp/dOSS4f
Starting next week we will highlight one member each week and their success stories. Send us your story or nominate a friend!
where is it gona be?
Super typical. Got it in pre AK to A10. I lose obv.
mauras is fantastic! Fyi there is a french bistro opening in Haverstraw by the guys from Union Restaurant
RT : "Keep it moving! RT #sixdegreesofhunger to six friends"
Tomorrow=sleep in,so outfit=yoga pants and a t-shirt (:
I promise it wont!!!
yikes! Spoor bits aren't meant to go everywhere.
There's something missing from your tweet -- namely, the dessert and instructions on where to find it.
Yes! Color = flavor
Continuing to look attractive for each other is important for relationship longevity.
Fuck you make me happy
Just got nailed in the face with a tennis racquet
March 2011 Newsletter Released! Many thanks to our editors
RT : Acting is done by feelings; you are a subjective person.
To a great Friday & fantastic weekend! thx 4 RTs and mentions this week
Ready for this clippers game tho
Twisting tonight along with Hosting The Society of American Magicians Holiday Party at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
Sat 9/10 Mark Towns bass with John Cain piano and Evan Stone drums at Eddie Vs La Jolla CA 8pm - Midnight
Congrats on a great weekend! Fireworks at the wedding?
At #cc12? ***Sat. 10:45am, HOLIDAY 4 - workshop on community/labor coalition organizing.
Proud to be on Team WWE
instagram looks so much better on Apple products.
where's the swag pix? ;)
u wrote ur pizza is cold but hot ?
Dr. Fab is truly Fab! :) Glad you like the post. I had fun writing it. :) And nice to meet you!
on a webinar re social media strategy. Presenter just realized this year that he couldn't ignore it anymore. Boy, gonna learn a lot here.
Nostalgic for your funny, sarcastic ass. Think of you oftn as one w/whom I'd always like to reconnect. Amzng poet. I smile.
my mom wants me to get of the computer v.v
It's taking all of my effort not to spend New Year's Ever at home in bed reading the last two Hunger Games books.
Tonight 11:30pm, Flappers Burbank, it's going to be a great show with great comics. I'm hosting it's going to be a great time, guarantee
The next guy I see wearing penny loafers with rolled up pants I'm going to punch in the nuts.
Watching Person of Interest with hubby! Heading offline! Goodnight Friends!
Only 8% of people are always successful in achieving their New Year's resolutions. It's not too late to reset your intention to try again!
Why does Centennial always smell like fish?
That is my life. :P
thanks for putting our Go West Book Fest on Susan's Speculations!
Alex you r so awesime... i reaally hoppe someday i can meet my idol (you).. or maybr have a twt... love you
First meeting tonight 9pm ICC 202- See you there!
Do you have agood accident story? We would like to give away free gift cards to those with the best story!
Skill in rap is just that...skill. No way to emulate that. Comparisons 2 artists may come, but that N no way detracts from skill.
Francis Marion opens new facility in Ecuador
Bon Iver has the #2 album on the Billboard 200? Outsells Gaga and Eminem. Unexpected to say the least.
I double dog dare a-rod to get a twitter account..... That piece of shit just got on FB LOL what a toolbag
Me too.
u bakk in school
Job Opening: IT Commercial Banking Compliance Auditor!
who is this about guys?!? RT : just gonna chill...kill 'em with kindness
Every time I see the name I laugh, I don't know why.
Follow Me Please!? 41
RT : RT : <U+2669>We're having a Tweetup! #nafsa10 is meeting in our lobby at 5p on Thursday!
#Walmart's online 'Chat Help'....complete fail! <<<--- inefficient and complete waste of time
I can't believe Illinois is thinking about hireing Reggie Theus as their head coach! I don't want the coach of Hangtime running U of I smh
All that bullshit done made me strong mf!
Nightly Ritual: clean up room, put lotion on, then pj's, pull my hair up, wash my face & moisturize, brush my teeth & then finally lay down.
I would like the Mets to destroy the Phillies tonight.
So this is what I think: (redacted)
You have to forgive even if you can't forget.
#STATUSTV COUNTDOWN TO 100 MUSIC VIDEOS... WE'RE @ 81 RIGHT NOW.
No respect !
thats what we do!
follow me cause I love you and your awesome
Just try and convince me this second-hand ZZ Top logo bodysuit is a lousy purchase. A dousing of Lysol makes everything good as new.
Just started your new book Grouped. Cool stuff! Would love to have you on our show sometime.
only 1 person? okay bye world...
#iusuallylieabout my hatred of KISS FM & Pop Radio.
Wanna pop bottles all night wit me okay with me
i love Chad's idea. there's already two people signed up for ohio. i think his 4th graders are going to learn so much from it!
lmfbo like who.
wont let me dm you but my goals are 2 go as far as God has planned for me and maybe even go farther than that and suprise him
I'm just glad we're all gainfully employed. Hire-ability for the win. RT Uh oh. The anthropologists are massing...
": Ryan: And now, reporting that Stoglin suspension attributed to failed drug test." Then good riddance asshole!
and i'd like a good rb in gb! I'd like to be friends with steve carell lol
the same could be said of bukkkanan re POC
Ah, well hopefully you get it back soon!
I'm lost on the twitter slang. What does NP mean?
looks great.
you know could not stand them nothing like free and aj
You can still make reservations for our Valentine's Day dinner in 18·81 Grille! Walk-ins welcome, as well! Check out our menu below.
I am going to be too excited to sleep. Love #rollercoasters! #Countdown t-minus 14.5 hrs? Something like that. #SixFlags Woo!!!
Started working the ALM of our SIS prjct in VS2010 by creating scenario work items and linking to scenario docs in SharePoint. Very cool.
BASEBALL SEASON IS BACK!!!! Who's excited?? My hand is raised.
End of the year sale going on ! up to half OFF, swing by
Finally my Twitter app is working again!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Currently suffering from a debilitating disorder which only allows me to eat dark chocolate peanut M&Ms.
Gonna take my pup, Bambi, to the vet for a checkup!!
Lmfao!! RT : Victoria Justice, sit on this face.
On my way back to Columbus!
Good luck in your next adventure! NBC's George Lewis retires today! We've enjoyed his fine reporting for some 40 years!
Homegrown musician Teddy Geiger is playing Water Street this Friday, so stop by Scotland Yard before or after the show.
Goodmorninq #Happy April Fools Day!
The Hobbit inevitably makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're creating that into a movie too.
"A song can speak and heal when there are no words to say."
RFT. How much more do we need to know about sex!? “: I don't understand why this teacher is still attempting to teach us”
I hate hospitals.
Lil Romeo is on a commercial for ICDC College. Can you say washed up?
where r u working now?
Have to stop playing lacrosse games like hockey games.
Why do the #Brewers always choke at wrigley, defense sucks worse than last year!
Also, don't miss BZRK!! Ilsa, you'll love it!
If Blacks don't value education, why did we fight so hard to get it?
Moes is better than qdoba and chipotle is a distant third.
Ladies: u hav a higher chance making it on ur own. rather than marrying a person with money... #miami No motivated females SMH
Good morning tweople...*sings* Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor, would you be mine? -Mr. Rogers
just got back from winchester bay..oh my wicked razors...sick ass sand!! love it!!!
Aw, thanks! RT : If you are a musician, than #ff ollow , because she likes #SocialMedia and music.
You could go somewhere else, but their prices can't beat our quality!
I got 0% In my exam hahahaha
Dos. In. Hats. M RT : MT : Q7 Specific boards cater to niche markets Ex: colors, dogs in hats.
I don't wanna mess this thing up, I don't wanna push too far <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Watching Doug >>>>> having an awkward conversation
How about you have a M&G at the Pikeville Concert next Friday!
so what is it?
See who has viewed you on your LinkedIn homepage. Connect with whom you have similar interests.
Bob Ross~ Besides we don't make mistakes here we just have happy accidents.
Blue sky video is fuckin epic. Straight hip-hop.
Have you been writing something spicy? :)
Well RT : Damn wat should I do tonight
That look you give your friend when they say something they weren't suppose to mention in front of your parents.
...tammy is crazy dude
many wonderful convios this weekend w #techATstate people about and - stay posted for more in this space...
Just order it, bec. :/
I totally understand. I've been doing more biz lunches/networking coffees lately, but I'm try to cut down cc:
Why must you put people down though? Seriously, like them or not, show a little class. They can say shit too.
I luv u so much me and my BFF look up to u and Zendaya u r amazing
If not us, who? If not now, when? If not here, where? We are the right team at the right time in the right place. all the way!
--> I will treat right, if I had a chance, lol
agreed! it's going to be such a great feeling
No words. So amazing.
We’re glad you think so! RT: SO good!!!! RT: Sunbelt Oats &amp; Honey bars are FYE!
Watching Boy Meets World on Mtv2 :)
The recording sessions for Manifest Destiny are done!!! Time to mix!!!!
Watchin inside the nba on
Can't wait for my interview on Friday!
i aint no liar.
Anybody have a man's police outfit? Or know anyone that does?
Holy crap is getting punked
Hanging out with the Cougars of Milwaukee tonight at Michael Buble!
While all you party people are living it up at thunder and I are perfectly content casually drinking in a bouncy house
“ Some shit you just don't do!! Always carry yourself like a lady”
ah, do it! lookin like a fox :D
Should I get Super Mario All-Stars on the Wii? I already have it on SNES.
thanks for the shoutouts and follow!!!
.. when they themselves cannot entirely grasp what they are taught in the educational institutions?
for sure!!!! #love #princeadium #best friends
some chocolate looks good today. :)
hahaha, it's a lame joke at work when we're working with #socialmedia for clients
birthday sex?
yeah. :O & I'm gonna have to wake up at 6:30
on the bright side, its an easy transition from nominal amounts of sleep to *no* sleep.
RT Glad to do it. Good luck to staff : Happy that was able to join us for #tribtraining today! Thanks Greg!
Was that a police chase up I-97 or was that a Wada escort? AA County pretty hectic right now!
Siri began as DARPA proj. to reduce command centers from 10k staff to 1. Still not sure I trust it to launch my lunch plan.
#ces #mommytech speaker says "the technology talk is the new sex talk." Another replies, "but wouldn't the sex talk be a great app."
My boyfriend is mad about my love for Johnny Depp.
Trying to get libfreenect compiled and running. Ugh.
p90x today. I'm gonna die.
shoal rite
I would second this.
OOMF'S Is So Handsome>>>>>>
If you only look back, and never move forward, you will always be in the same place.
Oh no! I hope all is well.
626 movie night!
well that's awesome!
I forgot how great can be! Informed, engaging political television, it exists.
In really hoping for a great day tomorrow ! I need one bad !
Bummed that, Michigan's own Tony Lucca () didn't win The Voice. That Jermaine cat was good, though. Congrats to him!
Thanks new followers!!!!! :)
On Fire by Switchfoot literally produces tears in me.
who's doing #santacon today???
Hi Jason. As we say in New York, "I'm schlepping," but all is good!
New FROZO experience coming soon in Raleigh, NC.
Got #REDalbum ....it leaked! Its all good game! Ima still buy it!
In a recession there is one thing that we have to remind ourselves, No matter what, you gotta strut.
What does it take for a person to be truly, unconditionally happy?
You're welcome! ": great Show in Berlin!!! thank you for tonight!!"
:) we raise them puppies lol
for tonight. :)
J-Wayne looking great by the way... Wish I could cut as good as you
Imagination rules the world.
Whomever invented Easter candy should make Easter everyday....
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'. I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
LOL, a broom?
#Makerspace #dml2012 love the act of making
after going to bed at 6:30 am I am finally up, my mental clock is so off!!! oh well Good Morning tweeps!!!
waiting for my lady friend to arrive so we can go get a bite to eat :)
Looking forward to attending Blaze YOUR Brand—Increasing YOUR Social Media Value 2nite @ the Rathskellar
An onsite Enterprise Rent-A-Car and representatives from some of the top insurance companies to make sure you have a timely visit.
Enjoying this Evans v Jones match!
Anyone have lower level T-wolves tix for tonight's game for sale? I need 4 together if possible.
For once I loved what david stern had to say about making a fine & suspension rule for flobbers! I hope this happens!
Great speaker to kick off the #neasist09 program. Great use of images in talk.
Does anyone know how much water a person should drink in a day? What about when you drink coffee?
Oh, wow, THANK you, that's really nice :) Will e-mail now!
and made my night... Dylan got on TINYCHAT and Jordan tweeted me!! OMG I love them!!
I hope D Rose pulls some Willis Reed shit in game one of the conference finals! #justshowup knows what NBA History I speak
What a play!
jealous! I want to go this fall. Love me some NY!
Right here!. Love them Bulls taking down the Heat.
Im no good for you
What's for lunch today?
creating the space by meeting them right where they are and allowing it to be okay.
sucks but i will still cop a pair
Merry Christmas tweeple!
A toast 2 P.P. & #Art -Cheers! RT A big happy birthday to the late and great Picasso. We would have liked him to taste our vodka
"Just need something to grab the attention" of potential participants to make a contest successful -
hey is the Belmont back to NBC this year?
cant make it. emergency. ill explain later.
Saturday Night town in Cleveland !
we're so excited too! What a great article!
Such a great match going on rt now -- but I need it to finish in 45 minutes so I can put video on the news! k. thx.
Support our charity! Retweet Feed The D!
Whenever I eat Chipotle in #KC, I feel nostalgia for #Pablo's in
go ahead.hate on austin,thats not gonna change how many fans he has,how talented he is,or where hes going in life,doesnt mean anything.<3[:
Ok cool. Sounds good.
We hope everyone got a chance to enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend. Tell us what you did.
There have to be better chocolate donuts someplace.
Sorry! I didn't mean to. My phone is stupid.
Just bought the last new Fred Hammond CD, that they had at the Paradise Valley, AZ Best Buy.
How we go from #neworleansquotes to #magnoliaquotes? #neworleansquotes Here the shit go.
In celebration of St. Patrick's Day, Guinness draft ia $3.17 from midnight - close!
I think the success rate is lower for Madison addresses. Last year I was 0-for-2. Comps not often offered, nor accepted.
haha I dig it
No more hiding who i wanna be, this is me <3
Good point, I don't think you can use the survey to populate itself, but once you get going, could have weekly offset perhaps.
Yes. RT : secret to dog training is to mke it fun, positive, active, clear,& consistent. Or is that the secret to corporate training?
I texted you a picture of what my mom told me about her cancer...
I wonder if kia drunk my Gatorade I'm pretty sure she did..
Dang, Brewers lost! Headed to Brauny's restaurant now, I'm starving!
bout to go hit up starbucks and talk with my buddy bout cool shirt designs, was hoping someone got RaidersNiner game tickets todayformybday
we missed the gangster rap part of the day?!? :( encore tomorrow?
- 'Close Encounters Of Hartmut's Face'
sorry me and zoo lander will text yu first don't worry!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>lol
Thanks for sending that over! I hadn't seen it yet. That was hilarious!
are you going to prom?
I'm happy to have you following me. Much appreciated:
Do you have a long-term plan for business improvement and sustainable growth?
Suzi the scariest one of them all.
L.o.l
The 3 is my tribute to Harmon Killebrew. Actually, it was apparently the lowest number available to this William Swanson.
HATERS SERIOUSLY KISS MY ASS.
ya i figured. lol. that sucks. must be lame :P
How's Hawaii???
The unprovoked hate for apple in my store right now is driving me insane!
if you're willing, tech support or I can take a look. Is the data folder in the right place?
I wonder how man drinks Pete Carroll had before that pick
looks at me and goes "uh we're going out to dinner you know that right?" And I cried and got redressed because I was so ready to
thx, CJ! RT : An early #ff to two folks on the ongoing right to work fight in Indiana: and
Time to work on some tracks? I think so (:
Another Person shouldnt complete you, You Should complete Yourself!
In the car.
1st Steelers game observation: the Towel's terribleness has nothing to do w/ the piece of laundry, everything to do w/ the owner's sobriety.
Love how people disparage others' comments by saying, "your an idiot"
Free #Manta Talk tonite just after sunset. Did you know? Manta Ray can weigh up to 2,000 lbs! Don't believe it? Have you seen Big Bertha?
GLAD I COULD HELP......i love this 1D family :D
It's almost the weekend! Come in to pick up some movies to watch before those first papers are due
And daffodils coming up in DC. Tis the season!
Sister just realized when watching the Sounders on TV the lighting gives the players 4 shadows.. now all I see are X's moving
thats gotta be one of the most deepest tweets ive ever read! ;P anyways thnx for following! :D
It breaks your heart when you realize that no one cares about you anymore.
#EBUS118 Awesome, You'll be twitter crazy in no time!
Chalupas should be awarded at 70 points for thr rest of the season
Best of luck on Saturday! Let's catch up next week. Looking forward to steeling KB this Sunday.
I really hope that's not the one thing we will always remember about the 80s.
Getting some cleaning done before I go fishing. Need to prepare for all the big fish I'm gonna be haulin' in tonight. Hungry for Chili's.
thanks for being AWESOME this weekend! Great service, highly recommend!
Congrats, dude!!! That's big stuff.
Negril as in Jamaica?
Madison <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> Can I get a good morning? :)
Might give my students Myers Briggs personality tests before I assign groups. But I don't really want to find out if one's a serial killer.
hahaja I know right
How are you sir my name is Leon. I was looking to submit some music for you guys to hear! Are you by any chance looking?
in addn to understanding, we also elevate and fetishize older techs./media. Hmm, printed word and reading as craft and art.
very true!!
Bought Jose some cute shit cause he's the bestestest.
Is this a ruse?
you are gonna be one of the greatest actress of all time Lucille ball would be proud of you
My hands are shaking. u.u
Can you get those at Kohl's?
I am! I love it! I find that I am so drawn into the characters already, and the show had just started.
": Supposedly will open someday, but no time soon RT : Dear #Harlem: is St. Nick's Pub closed for good??" :(
Thanks for the #FF!
“: Oh shit, I forgot to order a bunch of WiFi-enabled homeless people!” // LOL!
my first roommate in college was from Texas...
I'm sure you'll meet them one day soon! :)
Let's get to work.
hahaha now that's funny :b hehehe
Kim Kardashian is always looking pretty :)
These stupid people wrote my schedule down all wrong -.-
Let Fashion Week Begin!!!!
*hands cake and champagne*
Turned on TV in the middle of it, but did Joe Buck just make fun of Kevin Millar's frosted tips on a nat'l broadcast?
Thanks for the heads up!
Thank you followers :) Plz follow
"For all the lies and the jokes, for everything we ever smoked, for all times I wasn't there for you...."
I'm sleepy lol & it's only 737am
that's not nice!!!
Your a GIRL!! I'm not your "G" I'm not your "Bro" I'm not your "Dude" I'm not your "Dawg" just call me J~Cup!
The dreams of the broken are mightier than the wishes of the dead.
hey its actually june 1st, my bad.
Packers by 6
who all is going to lil 5 tonight?!
Whats the deal Ms Evans...?
": Deffff just saw and on tv...if they were to the middle left of the band" THAT WAS US!!!
I'm experiencing "postpartum fast" blues. Much like Maverick, after Goose dies, I'm finding it hard to re-engage. Any suggestions? ;)
your welcome :)
I'm ready + began,but didn't finish cuz article broke in middle on the website. love to, can u send2me full artcl
Wish I could teleport to CO for NYE to see !!!!
looks like a gorilla! ur a douche bag for calling out a kid! #BBN is real proud of you & ur 3 followers!
Hungarian Sausage! Only a few left. Vegan Sausage w Roasted Red Pepper n Jalapeno w Pepperjack Daiya Cheese
Glowing rectangles abound.
That's a question best answered by the institute directors. See the call for participation for the email address.
will do. See you at Roses this weekend?
Not saying he will, but if Darvish continues these bad outings how will we tell when the fan yells of "YUUUUU" turn to "BO?"
Needs: Primary Care & Family practice doctors licensed in Or. Come tomorrow & ask for: Phyllis or Sylvia.
I Love Aliens In The Attic Great Work!
#day of the dead and I'm feelin it
RIP Howard Kissel. Saw him moderate a great panel disc on Stella Adler.
Great way to get fired up on a Saturday morning - learning about how people learn.
acupuncture acupuncture! xo
one for the ages!
I miss you </3
Can't wait to go see Avengers tomorrow! :D
LOL And who says mother nature doesn't have a sense of humor. Happy Mother's Day weekend! ^_^
viewing a cooking demo that was submitted for Celebrity Spouses...
Where is sexy ass?!
Aw yeah back in business
Glad to see Sacramento is trying to make school lunches better. Its still awful.Funny how runs a Del Taco ad.
Two big flies for Papi tonight. Has he lost weight?
RT : Want to go a White House garden tour this weekend? Free Sunday tickets still available:
What kind of McD's doesn't have McChickens?!?!???
Love dont mean changing who you are to be who somebody wants you to be
Sweatpants are my best friend when im on my period.
We're excited to have you with us today ! RT tshaka_zulu: Yeah boy! There are #DadsTalking at #BWELA RT
Mystery bruises drive me crazy. Where did I get these huge black and blues from? Ouch!
Qld Govt launches 'full legal brief' on civil unions
Like Whoa
it wasn't so bad till high school. I was in private school I'll 10th grade. My last 2yrs I went public
I need a few more hours in the day for the next 1.5 weeks. Great. Thanks.
Your welcome!!!:D
I just sent anemail to about mymom witha picture. Youguys think you could do something special w/ it?
What you should have said was, if you don't understand this, then you're a crappy basketball fan.
I just hate school because of homework,quizes,work,projects.
Loving #FrimpongFacts and #FrimmyFacts. Every fan should take a look. :)
you should follow me(; and
that way I won't be carrying a really expensive jacket all day !*)
Will do!
Thanks for sharing. Might be a good time to do updated article, especially as we think about how to move to mobile
Mirrors don't lie...lucky for you they don't laugh either(;
Google released Panda in 2011 and Penguin in 2012. Wait until 2013 when Polar Bear is released ;-)
Finally reading SEX, DRUGS, AND COCOA PUFFS by Chuck Klosterman. Great stuff but I just can't relate to his sports fetish.
All you need is me.
My mom looked at my outfit and said "is THAT what you're wearing to school?"
I'll just sit right here, and have another beer in Sayulita Mexico. See you next week internet. Escaping the rain for paradise.
#ThingsThatRuinSex "Checks With Bad Breath and Ugly Moans! #Bitch Y Are You Making Lion Noises"
Oh for f*cksake! We now know the signal won't bring down the plane. but other passengers might
im terrified :$ but i need to ride a new ride soontimes. ahaa BROO ITS FOUR SEATSS (Y)
-y'all prob were so cute as little kids. #whathappened?
This is getting too awkward..
Lol did u know tht Red stands for powerful emotion of passion, lust, sex, energy, blood and war.
Going on a date with Jill tomorrow.. Going to see the lucky one with her since she is the only loyal and pure woman nowadays
I know!
It is royalty free, but you still pay 4 the license to use it..hence the $10. I have to get something for my work
Hi Bella, thanks for the Friends #FF mention. May your palate always be drenched with fine wine!
Save a pretzels for the gas jets.
slacker ! lol sike naww I haven't done any work yet
I'ma come in there. ;)
Alex Hart: lover, dreamer, triathlete
Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela !!
": PLEASE pray for Jr. Seau's kids who are 19,17, and 12!" So sad... He was so young.
they're all tucked in to their sock beds.
#happybirthday to - we only hope we look as good at 212 years old! :)
hehe n'aw your so sweet!<U+2665> #muchlove<U+2665>
yes, under the couch, the bed,in the washer, hide the beer!
Laptop dead. Lenovo to replace mainboard between 1-5pm tomorrow. Unrelated: slated to present lambdas at #NashDotNet at 6pm tomorrow O_O
So Hardcore! O.O
OMJ! Jake is online. :)
we know you want friday to come! we all want it too, but just calm your ass down and wait the next 48 hours just like we have to.
ME HUNGRY. FEED ME!!!!! RAWWWRRR
Reef Commandment #10. NEVER spear fish with a trigger gun. Use a sling or pole spear. No compressed air either. Give the fish a chance.
Uh-oh. Doesn't sound promising. Good luck! “: Baggage agent is trying to describe what a cello looks like over a walkie talkie.”
SUPPORT THE LOCAL BUSINESSES THAT U LOVE. Most have little capital and need you to ensure thier doors can stay open.
im good thx :)
ugh I feel your pain girl! I'm doing the same exact thing. :( Motivation: one and half more weeks and we are DONNNNEEEEE!
how much u charge
P.s That episode of the Regular Show was funny as fuck.
He got me thinkin bout him every since he left this morn. it feels good to have some1 u can just hug kiss &tlk2 all night with no extras
lol whn that happens to me I just don't even reply haha
The hardest battle you're ever going to fight is the battle to be just you.-- Leo Buscaglia
i feel so close !
Lmmfaoo!!!! Just Osi for me boo boo!!!! This pussy has his name engraved in it.
Got a ride in the cop golf cart to uptown to get beer. One less cop I have to kill tonight.
anything over 425 and I get freaked out.
Vikings stadium funding plans — their strengths and weaknesses
Don't tell me, it's not worth fighting for..
#Bucks Cmon now.not another one of these nights..
Home for Easter!!!
More times than I care to admit I've wondered if the answer to everything is indeed Charo.
I miss seeing Harlan RT It is a good Casbah night when Harlan pops in to say hi. Crocodiles in the house, too. Good times.
That works
More bad luck nd even more bad news...
RT : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. ~ Demosthenes
September seems like such a long time from now but we're up for the adventure! Thank you for the encouraging support :)
You have to stay strong and keep your mind on your work.
Sometimes the easiest decision is not the right decision.
Smh damn damn damn right next to me!
I love Allison:)!!!! Tell her chris says Hello!!
lol Imma talk to my mom and see what's up
thats a nice buck.
your summer camp planning on coming out to the field trip game? Tuesday, July 10th at noon $6
Interesting! Our field tech said he left a kit, which has a bunch of booklets in a plastic bag.Will get you one ASAP!
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to w
I'm giving away tickets to Blue October in 2 min on the air
Pittsburgh everyone go
JINKS KNOCK ON WOOD!! (fighting to get to the tv stand) xD ( u pushing me flat on my face)
The Senate has approved the Assembly amendment to the #FamilyCare cap bill on a voice vote, the bill now heads to the Governor for approval
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations. Faith Baldwin
katy perry looks so cute!!!
My life in a daily sentence
That would have been stellar and no he did not. He did claim the reason for the 'stache was because he "could." Good enough.
so I hear
I think I am still in the Sahara tent...
Zig Ziglar~ You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Catching up on Castle. I want one. LOL
Hope they don't dredge up my usenet postings when I run for president!
Shit is about to get real ,u know u get tired of shit!
i wont lol chill but i fucking want to it actually worked for someone lol but you need to get it fixed and everyone is
Today's posthumanism seminar is on Cary Wolfe, What Is Posthumanism?, and Beyond Animal Rights. I'm bringing cupcakes to relieve the tension
#NeverShouldYouEver touch another mans junk....ever.....EVER even if he got it caught in a barbed wire fence
Saint's Row 3? The Dominatrix? Probably because everyone thought it was a joke until Ubisoft doubly confirmed it.
“: Role-Typical Prince. Do they mean "Princess Bride" type or "Purple Rain" type lol.” hahahaha
Awesome #RonPaul ppl
Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
I'm deadass!
4-3 pens!!:) we just scored
The European copyright on Joyce's work has ended, making this a happy new year indeed.
Cloud computing may be more efficient, but are client machines lower power? Does the cloud substitute, or add?
~ Hello Jade - so very nice to meet you- thx for the RT...will visit your site of FB as well -- DJ
“: Hahahah oh, well thanks.” No prob, we tell it like it is. You're beautiful!
hahaha, spongebob is a trip. (x
One more time... you. are. the. freaking. man. Thanks for always having my back bro
Wouldn't it be great if your iPhone was also a pen?
re: Top 100 SF/F - nice link. The trickier part is picking favorites... Anyone have a top 3?
may i share this metaphor with him? he's an analogous thinker. he'd have a field day with that one.
Just realized I had more followers. Thanks guys!
I just completed another Fat Shredder/ Into the Zone workout day!
neither can I.... Wanna have a sleepover? Hahaha jk
Jon 2.0...im like wht wouldve happened if they had a 3 point line back in my day. When white folks still had a chance
Happy that being open about attending #reasonrally caused good discussion in my circle.
nope u got it backwards..i mean ill be there if u need someone for a casting or shoot
Always a pleasure, Neal. Love your stuff. No fluff. ;)
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure to college coaches today for free
Your girlfriend is a notorious whore.
#waal2012 recommended resource: Dr. Megan Oakleaf - The Value of Academic Libraries: Research and Recommendations.
Thanks for sharing the Warren video (and giving me credit!).
Met with Dr. Andrew Buchanan teacher at Randolph High School and the students he is bringing to the JFR dinner. Great group of students!
Omigoodness sounds delicious - perfect Tuesday lunch.
Hi do you have any interesting #PR stories?
Thanks for the shout out!
Just finished up the last workout for the day.
I hate it when people DMs spam
Bake sale is a success right now so far
Some of my female followers are just so Beautiful
LOL not you, boo.
It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose
got my chachimommas today
Sitting in the Atl airport thinking about how funny it would be to do a Streak in the airport.
Manchester, Texas?
Dropping in on day two of Music: Parts and Labor
Another great meeting with ! He's so awesome
Strangers are just friends you haven't met yet. Get out there and meet new folks!
Starting early today! If you want to make more money with weaves and hair extensions, we will train you! www.drwiggys.com
If I'm not friends with u when I'm sober I sure As hell won't be when I'm drunk.
CityCiao vote: Best nightlife neighborhood in DC? or ? You tell us!
So excited got me a official cornelia Marie t-shirt I'm gonna rock it every Tuesday!
hopefully, i'm dragging today
Worked all day thinking about watching BaseVols and Lady Vols at same time on ESPN3...which is why ESPN3 is currently not working for me.
": GOOD MORNING EVERYONE :)"<=goodmorning...did u grab my shot glass yet?
Shut up i know what I lost
its my birthday <3
Hip Hooray we made it to 300!! Tomorrow on the blog..... GIVEAWAY #1!!
#fuckcancer #fuckcancer #fuckcancer Our 40 yr old friend, diagnosed same week as M, has just been put on hospice care.
looks like you need to buy some new jeans...we can't retweet your next pic b/c, at this rate, they'll be falling off you.
I know I am so excited I honestly don't know how I'm gonna wait that long <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
What is that, logic?
when you cooking again???
haha I usually accept the Hawaiian shirt in the summer but never the cargo shorts
Just opened my last bottle of McIntosh Run wine. It tastes like hope. I'll be needing to make another trip to the vineyard soon...
#LOCAL GROWN VEGGIES
awesome! See you tonight.
have yet to check out google+. Online video and/or audio chat is labor intensive but a better match for what we do
Tonight is the first home game of the season for the Gwinnett Gladiators. Looking forward to the game.
check out our website,www. bouldercoffeeco.com for the latest in local entertainment / open mics at the wedge and brooks landing locations.
you got this, dog. Keep tryin.
I'm pretty sure I don't like half of the people at my school
#Medeco believes in giving its customers the greatest control of their security
Looking forward to playing tunes at the Congregation B'nai Shalom fund raiser Saturday May 1 at 7pm in Westobough - tickets still available!
it's crowded now
Made it to the paarty. Shit's crazy D: lmfao, me justin and anna are doing the twerk! (;
Eventful night. Lmao!
ask Jose what Casey Anthony is doing to find killer if she isn't. Get in the mix! How does her dad, ex cop, deal?
sometimes i worry for you
I'm in mourning..... I'm so sad that the season is over.
yeah, sometimes they are heavy on the not-so-newsworthy news. I've been watching for years, it's just become a ritual :)
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together.... Carl Zwanzig
JAMES! How are you, <U+5144><U+5F1F>? Hope all is well for you and Jin Jin.
Could be so much worse.
There was actually a popular lit mag called CRANKY until recently. What about SQUISHY?
u silly LOL
The secret to life is not telling secrets.
Where Are You from .???
who said piece??
Located in 48 U.S. states across the country I know there is a PODS® franchise that can deliver directly to where you are
He must be getting burned out like Hogan did in the early 90's.Its tough to go full speed for 10+yrs and not get ran down.
next time!, next time!!!
Double whoa
Hey, I have some things that need to be mended! Ha! Keep out your needle and thread!
Lots o' magic for the soon-to-be newlyweds, kith and kin. A wonder-filled evening with great music and a great audience. Thanks all!
Listening to Taylor Swift on repeat is pretty amazing right now.
I found four chips ahoy. My day has been made.
Buying a nice little moped for the summer with my first paycheck. Fuck yes. Only 400 bucks. Totally worth it.
just woke up....now bout to hope in the shower and get these kids from school
Takes one to know one HOE
i gotta go to the dentist this early
There's Irish music playing and some guy is talking about blowing Clydesdales. Oh, St. Louis.
Fortunately there's no audio involved with Twitter
a petition to get them suspended? I thought they would want to get back on campus? LOL
umm I'll have you know that and I are only ever extremely classy...and lazy.
Got on Facebook today and every last thing i saw was prom pictures
T-Shirt Please! Thank you!
"Happy Valentine's Day"
I dunked on u too but it was to easy
RT : Do you realize someone out there doesn't have a name because Ben Jarvus Green-Ellis took so many?
Kaii.. U have a girlfriend and ur flirting with her. Umm..
My editor just renamed his editing time line LOCKED PICTURE. Home stretch!
I'm playing in it and I was told from someone on my team the dodgeballs that will be used are just foam...
so "excited" about the dentist this morning, i forget my belt. this is what old age is like?
is doing mad Excel hacking on the webinar.
Stuck at a wack ass train
i havnt ben ta sleep ad seein dat she txtd me madii mi heart skip a beat <3
agreed! Have a great day back to school
fetti said did you put a password on the facebook page??
Any other less touristy areas?
I'm finna wake him up.
We love that Holly's grandparents have a winery in central California. Their homemade wine makes for great client holiday gifts!
Dude, you should follow this guy Rob. He's such an amazing person in so many ways, and so funny!
Time to stop the music and eat food…
You know I'm embarrassed in front of drivers as if I'm babbling incoherently rather than saying OW DaHAMN my BaHACK makes me LiHIMP! Ice?
help the invisible children and stop Kony!
Hahah remember those interviewrs that made Niall read about the first time she got a bra, hahah i was dying :)
you went school?
Oh. And here I thought I finally knew what Dubstep was...
Packing... One of my least favorite things to do. Next time I'm hiring someone to move for me!
my boss went to Florida without me for #IE's
working on the new new.
"Everything is Wrong" was such a great album, why did Moby have to sell out?
I just had to find the same Bitizen twice in a row. Someone in my Tiny Tower's a bit high maintenance!
- no vision. when asked why package business was ceded to FedEx/USPS, reply was "we have no warehouses." why not get some?
my favorite hanne-face.
Javier is a star. Sad his people don't get how to market that.
B the change you want 2 C not what others want 2 C!
iv gotten a tweet a RT gotten an autograph & meet him in person all I need is to see him Live & all my goals will be complete
lol u know i have 1 more workout in the tank lol
yes sir I am, let me know what you're doing I'll be in town fri-sun
YOUR MY FAVORITE TEENAGE RAPPER & I FREAKING LOVE YOU SO MUCH. AHH IF YOU TWEETED OR FOLLOWED ME ID CRY.
negative, it can apply for my whole career but specifically meant here at LJPD
WJZ about to be flooded with angry calls after switching away from the Orioles-Red Sox in the 15th to go to 60 Minutes
YOU SO FAKE lol
Just scored tickets to the and show tonight! Happy Friday to me and !
lol. I cant. This dream was different i saved u though even though i died. I saved u
Follow the way of the WORD!!
I've been to Bennachin before. it was just as amazing this time. All the veggie dishes are #vegan. If you want alcohol, brown bag it
really needs to sync notifications across clients, marking replies and DMs as read on four devices is getting a bit tedious.
Samuel Tso, 89, one of WWII's 400 Navajo Code Talkers—who used the Navajo language to baffle Japanese code-breakers—has died in Farmington.
oh yeah the crying - had a cat that wailed and also spewed fluids from every possible outlet. moving long distances was hard
If you don't value your people, they won't value you or the business you represent.
Thank you Gia! We need to chat, I have a group for you!
you'll have to let me know lol
When I leave Miami, I'm leaving everything behind.
Nice! Tomorrow finally. Husky sideline is the plan. RT : Hawks Nest, Section 149 row DD. When are you picking?
Shakeup Call is awesome, already got a cease & desist, and provided an n-value in their survey results.
wait for what?
Why are people picking on now? Is the news cycle really *that* slow?
hey I'm on your band wagon so follow me too
clearly you've never dated a macadamia. total psychos.
I feel you girlfrannnnnn. Ha, "Alcatraz" was so bad at trying to be in SF. So obvi Vancouver
Talking to until 1 in the morning, then being sleepy the rest of the day #SoWorthIt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Think like a heathen, speak liks genius..
I think we all have relationship problems but once we've got them figured out loving is the only thing on our minds :) <3
I LOVE HER SINGING FABULOUS BABY! It just sounds SO easy..
hey I'm movin there in march, maybe we can do lunch. :) Christinaleona.com --> check my blog out.
have you heard, 3D is back, and it's the future, and it has been for a long time!
you're my inspiration! i love your songs because i feel that you write every passing moment a teenager. Sorry for my English
shockingly the leading scorer left in the playoffs with 12 pts is Ilya Kovalchuk leaving him only 5 pts behind Giroux who had 17 in 10 games
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
HB1136 has brought child care discussion to the floor.much more discussion is needed but let's applaud the concern & attention
I told u I'm tired of fakes you show me you are one
Well dag nab it. Hm. Both my browsers aren't showing. I'll check back. Great work in general btw.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld - anything with chris tucker!
yes, great to meet you too.
Comm. Gomez adds her voice to Davis call for low-income employment
Q. Why doesn't Ohio slide off into the Ohio River? A. Because Michigan SUCKS. [RT if you agree!]
how is it supposed to be used?
I'm excited! Thanks :)
Jon McCoy's slides are giving me seizures.
Love talking with !
You had me at "Hello"
Let It Snow!
Datsik tickets any anyone?
I sent you a message :o : Why, did something awful happen?
We want to play in your town. If you live somewhat close. And only probably. But seriously... what's the good word?
omg omg omg omg!
thanks for the follow! Do you accept law articles?
ha...thanks...i redid it just now...i just bumped up the bpm...from 126 to 129...sounds better
It is what he says, brother. Also, I did not put verse address in my tweet on purpose. You asked for it.
Shower me with love & I'll shower you with kisses! <3
Same can be said about men but our fall from grace is less severe since we don't strive to look our best to begin with.
Today I got one page I really liked, then most of my remaining writing time got eaten by dumb time-sensitive bureaucratic necessities.
feed me at the music box tonight!!
Taking Mario to my church on Saturday, well hopefully ^-^
There is no reality except the one contained within us. That is why so many people live such an unreal life. They take the image
can i help
will it be on the satellites for all radios when it goes permanent in June?
all the spangers passed out. At least one named Kaia or marley.
yup. Hawks don't need more of his inconsistencies
Going live in 5 minutes
“Some momentous news: war had broken out in Europe, a world war involving Germany, Russia, France, and England”
": RT Allegra D commercial just came on. Did you know that its for diabetes? ;)" this made my day.
We def need you and your friends involved in our campaign!
clearly you are aiming low.
Thanks Nora! We're counting down the hours till we go!
I really hate automated direct messages. Please everybody--just stop! It's enough to make me unfollow you!
S. Illinois. Near St. Louis.
Bed at 9:30 on a Saturday.. Yes please
thank you ron :-)
Place your order for delicious game day desserts soon! We know how to add some decadence to your Superbowl Party!
Who else is going to Texas Conference for Women tomorrow?
What have you heard about Jack Rose Dining Saloon? Like it? Should I go?
then txt me and do something about it!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> jk(;
#TIL that a #NFL ref with less than 5 years of service can make $50k-$60k per year...
One day when the sky is falling I'll be standing right next to you
Prof Bies: Balance action with retreat. Best place for solitude on campus is Dahlgren Square. Second best - Leavey Esplanade (roof).
Do you have a chiropractor? We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
Been watchin B.E.T. Like all day! I could watch this for days!!!
Thanks Kent!
mmsacco: Some vendors took hard economic times to a new low. Leftover Christmas candy as giveaway? Please.
Sometimes when I'm bored I sit in my refrigerator, and pretend I'm a gallon of milk.
Thx! ": Good to see you back in the twitterverse "
people who i will be playing some music with in the next 32 hours- old town school sephardic music ensemble, gHOST project and mi yodea.
my baby has launched. cc:
What a shot by Braun
Good catching up and chilling with and a lil bit at midnight breakfast. It hit the spot!!
There have been worse days than today, but I can't point to them just off the top of my head.
have fun, so its good
for what purpose? I filmed cryotherapy training for the manufacturer of a therapy for 3 years.
So I got a croc pot for Christmas. This is exciting. Send tips on what to slow cook and love.
Are lunges part of your fitness routine?
#4famouswords Innocent until proven Guilty
You know who has coffee breath?
How are people even comparing Denard/Terrelle when TP has beat Michigan TWICE & won the Rose Bowl ?! What big game has Denard won?
Movie night with the fam:)
INVITED FOR ONSITE INTERVIEW!!!!!!!!!(TIMES INFINITY) It's 4 hours. Interview marathon.
Screw the couch!
I bet Fredi smells better.
Rain, rain, stay away...want to see #SportingKC play
About to check out at
haha she probably seems like she is but not really! I'm sure you'll be able to go when you get older!
Haha! Maybe I should tell him to try that then! Lmao!
So who wanna go with me to some vs games this weekend let me kno tweeps
you're welcome
I usually just go and grab me a couple handfuls and walk out really fast. Lol - it must be sacred juices or something.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
I don't no
Care more than others think is wise
I will slap u lol :P
"Dude, are you sheepdoggin' her?"
Hard to draw the right lines. But it's a start. Definitely big thanks for any and all feedback!
Bay area music >
If TV comedians are actually funny, why do they turn on an applause sign so the audience knows when to laugh and clap. Jes wonderin?
Omega 3 oils reduce depression during pregnancy symptoms and women who suffer from Post Natal Depression have lower levels in their cells
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 81
alright sounds good i'm on it :)
HEY GO FOLLOW SHE FOLLOW BACK .. AND EVEN YOU HAVE TO ASK ;D
see you there sir! I'm gonna work hard getting out there... Can't we have her boss "make her go?" Lol!
that is amazing! Congrats Chris!
RT : Q5: Fill in the blank! Its my last meal in Chicago. Im about to eat ___________.
Thanks boss hog.
I got home like 5 minutes before the storm started. It was kinda a bitch, couldn't sleep.
Coca-Cola! RT #SportsbizTrivia: This company is the longest-running Olympic sponsor.
it put the steely in Dan
You not at school?!
For the laptop.
First Friday at Crash 45 tonight. 321 E. 45th Avenue, Denver. Come buy amazing, cheap art!
putting in hard work
Can you DM me your name and order number? I'll get with our customer service dpt. and see if I can help out somehow.
im already done bye bye :!
We think it was taken after WWII (helos in the back), but besides that, we don't have any background information. Sorry!
right I'm the same way lol
Happy birthday, Rome! Today is when the ancient Romans celebrated the Parilia, which is also the day when Rome was founded in 753 bce.
In the last 15 minutes my city has turned from blue&gold to pink&silver
Ewww McFarland and your pro Walker yard signs. Ewwwwww.
Happy Birthday Becca!
I love that show!
Titans going to the sweet 16 you heard it hear 1st
& - yes it is awesome! Get some friends to come to the meeting to check it all out!
thanks for the follow!! Hope you can make it to a show soon!!
Finally sitting down and starting to learn #Java and
I didn't even know that flavor icing existed.
Haha no South Park. But I still love Big Chocolate.
I would really want 2 double doubles from in n out
"Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you ate. Think Positive"
RT "anyone ... have any specialist knowledge about copyright law? RT if you are feeling generous. :)"
can sumbody please go follow she is awesome but she dnt have tht many followers so please follow and ill follow u if u do
The entire starting 5 for Kentucky has declared for the draft. Does this reflect more on the NBA or the NCAA? Or are they just that good?
I agree..if Feingold could only come out of thin air..
you mean like San Antonio? I think they won a few titles.
MLK Long Beach: Memories of business owners on MLK watching their business go up in flames 20 years ago during the LA Riots....
You guys should really download Kik to your phones. It's like messenger texting ^.^ tells you when they read it & are typing.
laptop dead again
I. HATE. THAT.
Man In Remember Getting 3 Shots Just So I Can Go To School This Year -___- everyone had too and it sucked
On my 3rd cup of earl grey today. I'm starting to think I may have a problem.
Hi Jay I just launched an MMA Apparel company, and I was wondering if you new of or have any fighters in need of custum apparel?
is that the cure for the common cold?
Said it before and I'll say it again: Fuck the po-lice
bitches love leaves
Damn so many impressive speakers at the #keystone pipeline hearing last Friday
he's awesome! he was helping direct freshman choir at wisco, but now he's done :( we're trying to get him to come back one time
that was not even close to the zone.
ur pool looks sweet.
One meeting down. Conference call next.
Local brides,check out for great tips on planning your wedding! It's free! Get a copy and use my ad for 10% off photography!
and i can't explain... but it's something about the way you look tonight.
God morning! 'Bout to make some coffee. Why are you up so early?
just checked out your site! you gotta get your bands on Dagnomusic.com its free!
I want to have a twitter party!!!!!
Typewriter fan Steve Soboroff loves the click-clack of carriages
HEY MOHAMMED REPLY HOLY CRAP!!! I"M COMING TOMORROW!!! REPLY HOLY @@#@!
Incredible!! Man City are league champions!! Well deserved....thought they would bottle it but they came good! Well done CITY!
Omfg I hate being me right now I'm so confused right now ugh n I have a headache so not my day at all dis is so not ideal
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 28
Been busy with weather, thanks for sending it this way, not enough snow though. :)
What if the segway is the car wash? “: *cut to video of me riding a segway thru a car wash*”
Whatever we put out, it's coming back to us. The universe keeps a perfect set of books." Marianne Williamson
Balance bikes make great gifts for Easter.
can we see it in 3D?? I want to see a car flying at my head
Dude behind me on the Chinatown bus is telling his buddy about this really awesome band he saw called Ultra Dolphins. Ha!
Ik I'm A Giants Fan But Will U Rock Our Gear If I Send U Some Shirt?
Loving this homework I put off till 5 in the am
uhm... i think you're 19 if you're born in 1993...
RT : A shout-out to NC's Central Piedmont Community College and Jackie Bray!
I'm so good at forgetting and I quit every game I play but forgive me love, I can't turn and walk away.
AH Bears you people sure talk weird lol love that commercial
wanna phone chat this week? PS haven't seen you in over a year. Can't believe it.
Beautiful girls. #seankingston throwback
hey girl, we are at grand central oyster bar. How's the office?
I've been pissed off all day. It's time to laugh a little. "Larry Kroger? All in favor?" "Who cares? We need the dues!"
Thank you to everyone who came out to Seattle Radio Theatre's "Miracle on 34th Street" Sunday night. It re-airs on AM1090 Christmas Eve.
Eminem was spotted exiting a Los Angeles recording studio with Travis Barker behind him
Today at the beach the 1st annual BP Oil Fish Fry
Has anyone had any bad Peruvian Morning? It seems odd to me that it would have taken this long to flag whatever problem there was.
- so, they played the class act of saying today's free item was not out of stock, it just was not here
:) id drink whiskey with you any day ;) <3 you rock
Montee Ball cited for tresspassing during #Mifflin. The guy can come in, punch me in the face, and I'd still offer him a beer.
when Bentley falls right to sleep > when Bentley fights sleep
I bet the reason the British colonized so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal.
What about the 'New Yorker' narratives for a chef?
It's hard to find real Talent out here!!!
Well, yes. And there was a traffic accident.
For clinic updates and pics, please follow us throughout the weekend!!!
Getting tatted with these niggas. Damn
The beautiful, green, shiny plush grass on the other side may not be grass it all it may be turf or some other artificial covering!
is that Japanese for Retire My Jersey?
and by the female gender i mean humans with breasts and vajayjays.
congrats on finally signing with #taylorgang it was always inevitable anyway but great decision. A lot of creativity over there.
Baron Davis might help if he loses 20 lbs. That's a big if.
i know right! thanks for still being a follower<3
we made our images pinable - and people are pinning.
I totally meant to talk more, and to everyone there, but the laws came... :/
You've been taking her for granted, and I hate you for that.
good luck!!!
Good stuff!
the box for kashi is small, but look at the serving size if you're concerned
hahahaha good one. I'd rather be a transvestite than work there
good call.
watching API webinar where giving well-deserved credit to on tracking state of public APIs
Really want to, great social tech stuff going on in the whole region. Are you at #cdp21? If so, say hi to my colleague Julie Chen!
...came in 2 studio 2 escort them to the start of the parade ceremony at city hall. Even then MSG messed it up.
“: What most Americans want is a better life for themselves and their chldren, a small government, the chance to earn a honest dollar”
Preparing to go into the First Business Session at the Alpha Western Regional Convention in Las Vegas.
#askalexconstancio ARE YOU COMING TO CALI THIS SUMMER????<3
You cannot see what you don't look for, and you cannot look for what you don't believe in - Darren Hardy "The Compound Effect"
Got a toothache and now burnt the roof of my mouth with the pizza! Awesome!
Hey are you going to be at the LATimes FOB?
I HATE WAKING UP!!!!
..haPpy BiRtHdAy MO.! loVe aUNtiE & KaLiLi..!
Happy Birthday to my Mommy!
shot me outta the sky you're my JUSTIN bieber
There comes a point when you have to stop beating yourself up over mistakes that you made.
Zombies on #expo line
you do? is there something you need to tell me? not on twitter?
I like when I'm wasted and can correctly remember the person's name and workplace who I am supposed to Facebook stalk. Just saying.
Everyone's filling out their ballots for City Council Pos. 3. We'll update you with the result once they're tallied.
haha, actually, my apt drain clearing experience predated the internets so I ended up calling the maintenance man...
follow before she commits!1
Ugh why are some people so psycho!!?? Someone just called me at work to say they liked what I ate for lunch! Weirdos!!
The Facts on Fracking: Interview with Barbara Arrindell of DCS - Huffington Post
You are a rockstar therapist! Keep up the great work!
Evenings after being on the water all afternoon are so awesome.
'Soft skills' also encompass domain expertise, since it's often needed to establish cred w/ scholars.
Booked a great show for NYE in S.F already!!Stay tuned!!
i hate how craigslist is so not cool anymore
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.” - Dr Seuss // Happy Birthday!
Where the hell is zap?
I watched one of those movies in 7th grade and it shocked me for 20 years.
Im just being honest when I say is my girlfriend. I love her <3
matt Barnes played bum so did Blake too.
Great beer tastings with friends tonight. After IPA, pumpkin, porter, stout flights, Dark Lord is still my favorite.
Pickles<3 :D
Nice day for a drive. Pho in VA anyone??
FREE ICE CREAM!!
We needs some more shows anyone have anything good coming up that they need to fill a spot for?
If just 1% of every cat ass in the US was shaved by Rick Santorum & he charged a dollar per shaving...
Going for a hike in the mountains to kick off the weekend : )
I had a CSA last summer and it was so much fun to get all these veggies I'd never seen! New adventures in cooking :).
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together.
Listening to and 2 New Fabulous Albums for 2011 Yeah!!!!
Close friends, sure. But lifelong? I've known my lifelong friends for over 16 years maybe more.
thank you for your kindness
Governor of Iowa is insufferable listen to
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn” Orson Welles
Has anyone else been reading the Aquaman New 52 comic? He's not a bitch! It's pretty awesome!
haha it does not tell you because I think i'm Lmaooooo hahah :* <3
Favorite thing about : I can listen to all the classical stuff for crunch time that I'd never actually buy. Suppe!
HELL MOTHAFUCKEN YEAH ; can I liiiivvveee!!!
and : long time no see... whqts going on?
:) RT : Thanks for continued support...
Your my favorite this year. I have loved everything you have done. You are truly amazing and I hope you win it all!
Haven't seen it yet, but have heard it is really cool. Will see it at the Downtown Greenway ceremony on May 6.
lol I have nothing against her.
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION! BLUE MAGIC JUST CAME AVAILABLE TONIGHT AT DEEPLY DISCOUNTED RATE. CONTACT US NOW AT 405.447.2446
I know how you feel.. We just miss him. That's all. I hope nobody sends you hate
WHY U UP AT NITE DEPRESSED SITTIN UP EATTIN ICE CREAM IM TRYNA PLEASE YO BODY & SEND U TO BED WIT A PIPE DREAM
Genius! Where you heading for your senior trip? Maybe have friends/family gift you travel towards it on our website? Aha!
Wed, Jan. 25 145pm Liverpool vs Man City – carling cup 300pm Barcelona vs Real Madrid - El Clasico 800pm Panama vs USA – friendly
is now working with Dream Maker Talent Management!
Mike Allen seems unaware that Robert Caro isn't a journalist anymore: he's been a historian for forty years now.
Shook ones
I knew George hill had on brons!!! Lol u playing and paying him.
My twitter game has fallen off the last 7-8 weeks. Miss Harleigh is just too much fun. Will step it up this weekend in the round of 64!
Anyone else get lost going to their room?
I miss u so much my love
The weather in Oregon is just bi polar -.-
I hate.crying. i feel weak.
#IfIwasPresident every school hallway would dispense a different flavor of juice.
You need to layout a pub crawl for RailsConf next year....
survivor addict
Oh awesome. Have fun! Are you bringing other lenses with you?
I can't!
i want to see that smile already numbeerr zeeroo! ;o <U+2665>
NELSON CRUZ JUST GO AWAY
you and Taybray would get along great...oh wait
Alright. im done. im bout to be running & doing a whole lot from now on cause im so out of shape its not funny....
K thinks that it is a negligence on the part of the authorities that is responsible for the death of the woman.
I am sad, I want good music right now!
Jack & Jill. Lol
Sun in my windows always waking me up super early...
lol Harry I bet he is too :P
Today's spot start is Jason Marquis vs Bal.
Well rested. Taking the munchkins out for some fun then I'm watching the Spurs game tonight! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> BEAT LA!!!
WOW! Double steal!
I've never been happier with zack...but I dunno of I like this person more. (And I'm not doing Amy1 or Amy2...I stay true to 1 man, bitch)(:
it's cause you make guys too nervous to ask you out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
so amazing! Come back to Nashville for Teen Hoot?(: please?(:
Hate when you get so into a sport, you get so frustrated when you get taken out that you cry. Only me? Oh, okay...
Always noticed how a serious influx of Fb messages and texts seem to follow having new pictures of yourself on there. Hm.
Beautiful beach day in Avalon. Headed to the Golden Inn soon for some Banana Ds!
what a game tonight! Lebron the King!
Shoutout to a good beautiful person who I have so much respect for!
i wanna sleep until march break
This game is way too close for comfort right now! C'mon, #GOPACKGO!!
Enjoyed meeting great entrepreneurs networking event!
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I have 6 sisters and like 4 brothers...that I never talk to or see.
Haaha cubs! Go brewers!
Auditions before "lunch": 2. Meals eaten today: 0.
#4famouswords You sank my battleship!
Downtown Compassion event is July 9! find out more about it by following
I hate when girls hate on themselves! I kno I do it all the time too but really c'mon ur not ugly! Ur beautiful #staystrong like
RT : The top selling NFL games on this season have been Packers @ Chargers (11/6) & Packers @ Lions (11/24)
How have I not been reading North Dakota Aviation Quarterly? Don't worry, I'm mending my ways.
Can't believe they have stretched out the finale this much. So sad that it is almost over. GO JORDAN!
When can we expect part 2 of your awesome mix? I'm going to need it since I won't be able to go rd. 2 at long beach T_T
what's your question? I didn't know what you asked me
go sniff a rhino ass
New Course available now! Performance Management Review
and I CANT TASTE ANY COFFEE I WANTED COFFEE
at that means but it's cool
First Person: 3 Home Upgrades That Don&#39;t Matter When You Sell
i gotta go i am so mad rite now i feel like i want 2 kill my self ugh
I'm the fuckin man, you don't get it do you? Type of money everybody acting like they knew you.
Casey: I wonder what's on TV today. Jessa: American flags.
Tron is so lame. There's no plot!
Sounds like the perfect margarita! RT : Rocks. Salt. Please.
If you're here, you're cool. If you're not, well then...
Thanks for providing insights on PDPW #WIDairy conference with your #PDPW12 tag!
Thank you, Jonathan! I hope things are good with you lately. How is it going with your Sarah Farmer research?
did u notice that prince Royce Tweeted me again!
just reported it. Sad news.
follow follow follow
ill fuck u silly
hey we're eating mango lime sorbet and thinking of you! cc
Asimov was wrong about overpopulation. The solution isn't to live with fewer people, it's to build more bathrooms.
we are shooting for late-Spring. So excited to share our plans and meet new friends in
forget u frankie j
popping my twitter cherry
I hope all the new Hokies are following you and saw this tweet. Show them how it's done!
Jesse tuner his Soo cute!!
Taking on any bookings message me or email X JP Visuals. Thank you and have a great weekend everyone.
Cover of the Post today shows how people really are in this world. Get what they need from you, then throw you away. Heartless.
Medicated cookies for all for 4:20!!
we got a good thing Don't know if I'm a see you again But is that a good thing?
I see Justin Jeffre when I go out more often than I see some of my own friends.
I agree. No reason Wright can't return to form of two seasons ago when he hung tough with the best WR's in the league.
What a game - Brazil take the cup 3-2 in extra time! Check out our Brazil prints - have a great weekend!
no one acting peacefully deserves a beatdown.
find it!!
Turnin my check nun but ^…
Happy Saturday! We are delivering lunch! Delivery is always free for 3 or more! 303-623-0525
sorry Wendy she was a boring guest.
Laverne and Shirley?
thanks for the #ff my friend!
TICKET ALERT! CALL 202-560-6264 FOR TIX+TABLE INFO TO--->THE PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES & DRESSES AFFAIR THIS SUNDAY!
she is good with other dogs. I will never forget either, Charles is mean -___-
It was a great program!! RT : Listening to "On Point" with Tom Ashbrook &amp; Raphel Saddiq on
3.5 inch heels are better if you run out of gas on the freeway. They say "I'm helpless, but dangerous. I also have really strong calves."
thanks for RTing my inquiry about elem teachers using Twitter!
Well get on chat, you cumbersome lollygagger
I sadly had no Mexican food today.. xD whoops.
w.tncnews.com breaking news
Tuesdays haven't been the same since moved to Nashvegas.
lol I won't I just mixed all the names
Is Yahoo mail down or am I the only one who can't sign in?
Senator, isn't it time to give Obama and his policy in Libya some real credit?? Please discuss use of drones as well.
CM Punk and Stone Cold is pretty awesome #onemorematch?
Lol, I can't wait! :-) I'm going to go home and do some "research" so I can add to the awesome commentary.
The WINNER of the TEMBISBOUTIQUE.COM #VINTAGE Dopealicious purse giveaway is her answer
yay! I'm so excited!
Could there be a more perfect throw than Brees's td?
Not knowing what to text back, but not wanting the conversation to end.
LA has some spunk left in it yet ;)
any luck finding it
Nothing quite like catching the late train with all the other people who really didn't want to go to work either.
I might need my car shipped out to LV from South Florida, what steps do I have to take if I wanna make it happen?
Then I am a success :)
Term "Arab Spring" erases position of Egypt in the broader context of Africa and pan-Africanism -Horace Campbell
No...it's called having good taste. :)
Thanks for following my twitter Helene. I should like to listen to your Radio, it sounds fascinating.
I put a 40 in ya ass and make ya ass flat
The earliest I wake up the better day I have
After each fashion show, we will also have a fantasy reception in order to showcase the talents of our vendors - Florence Belcher
Braiding my grundle hairs.... BRB
Chick fil a has the best service ever.
DID SHE JUST ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?!?!?!?!!!
Oh Steve Schmidt you're making me sick.
OT & PT=Practical day to day/ SLP=language development. 2 simple or grains of truth? Do goals conflict or compliment?
#3WordsForYou You invoke vomiting.
#NF the ever so gorgeous === === follow back tho =)
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech
Love coming home to a clean house I didn't have to clean.
not helpful!
I was just looking at your pinterest; You're inspiring! It was fun crafting with you last night. I'll see you at The Hen tonight!
I think everyone hopes for the best but expects the worst.
I'll replace you like Erin replaced me ;'(
haha i KNOW right
well, at least I'm using twitter's web interface now, so that's a good thing...
You're welcome!
say somethin' baby don't be so shy.
I swear I was with J on Friday!!! We ran over some shrubs and a mail box.. And a cat.. And a bird house.. And a traffic cone.
when are you having on the show w his new outfit?
is in Tokyo right now. What a dream
RT : Never saw Tulo make an error like that before :(
tore up dat cake at lunch lolz
If they make a Radiohead movie, Tilda Swinton should play Thom Yorke.
This season of Mob wives is gonna be crucial !!
Vikings @ Bears tonight at 7:20pm on NBC. Bear Down!!
#2011icf #DavidPeterson As coach:reinforce progress rather than performance. Help them develop a learning orientation vs performance.
No problem glad to connect via Twitter RT : thanks for the RT.
Diligence is the mother of good luck - Ben Franklin. Marketing as math: our number of attempts is a key metric to finding clients in need
Contemplating eating the rest of my Mario's Pizza House steak & cheese for breakfast.
& if we tweet u? RT : Dear Bravo, If I hear "She is a thug in a cocktail dress"1 more time, I'm going to scream.
I'm so glad to have had the opportunity to meet both the #POTUS & #FLOTUS!
miss u to baby :( taking mishay without u sad day
yeah. same here. i wish you luck, and hopefully they will get to him on the 27th
2K11 was my first basketball game for this generation, I loved the 2K series for PS2. so far I'm liking it.
I had a couple of favorite moments turning to see a Nicole Eisenman every now & then.
Congrats!! I'm still two semesters away.
Sorry #Houston I think the NFL world wanted to see a #Pats / #Ravens AFC championship game anyways!
when will you realize,baby im not like the rest
what happened?
Kyle Style is classic.
how about if parents just accept responsibility for and watch their kids!
SEO basics that always work 1-Get links in popular sites 2-Create pages with a keywords in mind 3-Learn to write for Humans & search engines
#ThingsIDislike missing someone
Never made kimchi. Until now.
damn bitch...
yes & many on linkedin check their group feeds on weekends or late nt & any comments made during the week will be there.
I have no life..
For infinity and beyond!:D *jumps off bed with jacket as cape* #ToyStory :]
You can never go wrong with Chipotle...ha!
It's a Helium kind of day. Mary Timony, I <3 you. A lot.
watching my sister talk to herself... LOL
I'm sure in another universe John McCain is wrapping up his first term and everything is frigging puppies, rainbows and zero unemployment.
holy hell i like just posted that one! Best one if the episode
I can't think of a place in Pittsburgh to get a fishcake. Lots of great fish sandwiches, but fishcakes?
I'll check it out...thanks
Two girls from Dayton I met at the Cute is What We Aim For show in 2010 were at the show tonight. So good to see them again. :)
Awards: I'm really enjoying the show right now
fucking love it Tyson <333 shit. Can't wait for the album!!! Ah! Love you<3
Hope everyone enjoyed the show today. Tomorrow will be another day filled with fun and more great dogs.
#bgc8 reunion it's about to go down....
Acting class was a hoot. I was given a monologue from Don Juan Demarco. I performed it slow, fast and over the top. Hadn't seen the movie.
On our way to Deep South Bar w/ listening to Buzz Poets.
The FTC is watching, but have they gone after any bloggers? Or just brands?
Check this video out -- Fright Night Trailer Featuring Music by The Raconteurs araciligiyla
Whoa, just found out that Coach Vogel was fined for his comments about El Heat....really? So being honest earns you fines these days, hmm.
I love that the year of the solar system is on a Mars year
If you carry bricks from your past relationship to your new one, your just going to build the same house.
preferably alkaline water the health benefits are out of this world contact me if you wish to learn more
July 21, 1998 — The Raccoon Sewer manager complains about his night job, which prohibits him from drinking alcohol.
Funny, SAG-AFTRA seemed to be in an awful hurry to push this ridiculous merger contact through in a month w/o addressing P/H.
If your down to text dm me
I love this song.q
Just wanted to let you know that I love you very much. It's not the alcohol talking its from my heart!
Remember when America prevented the uprise of monopolies and prided itself in the power of its citizens? Me neither.
Ain't have lamb chops in forevaaaa!<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone...
as what state do you live in lol:)
we are doing it i'm so serious cause yolo
So many kisses.
FINALLY applied to graduate. I don't think it's hit me yet. =/
All I could get for lunch is a flippin roll.
Oh sendmail configuration why are you so compersome.
is it true justin and ryan are fighting becouse of Selena Gomes ??? i knwe that she is not the right person to Justin..
I hate goin to work this early and watch me get off around like 9 or 10 instead of 1
Go Calgary!
Dark Shadows is a weird movie. Has a few funny moments but I don't think its worth seeing in the theater. -
My aunt used to barry chicken bones in the back yard so my Causin could dig them up my causin thought they were baby dinosaur bones
Amanda Colten and his pic is the same pic. of vinny on the icon
following #GoingAHammTwitterDraft all morning charting who gets drafted ahead of the number 20 pick for the
well i got my 200th follower today, i was going to give them a shout out but then i realized they were a porn star.
Gonna have to make my Sydney stop on the way back to TX way longer than the one on the way there. Love my showoff town.
How's everyone doing? :)
You're warm...& within 300 miles of being hot.
Back to the gym after my longest hiatus in years. Three days was far too long! I'm back!
A model must be organized in order to keep track of the diff dates, times & locations of aptmnts so that she can show up @ aptmnts on time.
how was Atlanta?
I just listen to Chelsea in the car. Wish u were with me hahaha
Blake Griffin is
damn straight
I really thought you were gonna!
LET'S DO IT!
Wow Nate, LOVE that perspective!
we'll be following and tweeting, too.
I am not down with this weather. #bringbackspring better yet
Why does netflix even exist if it doesn't allow instant streaming of any classic disney films? shoot, that ain't right.
Just saw the !! Its a must see!!!
What exactly is "twee?" I've seen it used...does it have an origin? Right up there with "mumblecore"
just met span
A few tickets still left for joint journalist groups' High Note holiday party at Solare Dec 15, only $20. Tix at www.sdpressclub.org.
¡Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Chicago Bears botch their first-round NFL draft pick -- again
Ask about group discounts on BCBA exam prep workshops for your Agency's staff. Also 10% off if you follow us on twitter/ like us on Facebook
Just be yourself. Good luck today!!
Yes!! ": You know you've had a great #StPatricksDay when you end up covered in gold glitter with and :-)"
that pink skirt is fucking fantastic.
great song.
"I'm a highschool biology teacher and in here to have chemistry with you" - guy from bachelorette.
Everybody follow the sexy
You're a nasty bitch trying to get at someone else's ex or boyfriend
she's still getting her twitter feet wet...how's Denver?
Gotta sleep. Goodnight all.
I read sentences for the indefinite articles. These don't have any.
hahaha well i would be embarrassed because u just said that awkward line for the world to see
Good option. I see there's a way to limit it to my outgoing tweets rather than all traffic that would delete a carrier plan fast.
young playwrights festival at the Blank theatre company. =)
: Best Irish/English pub-style fish and chips? The Irish Rover
The key is "almost" forgot. ;-)
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???6
It was so horrible. I almost cried. Oh humanity.
you should just say that u lost ur old one (in order to keep it). Thats the only way.....
I'm pretty sure jared drinks that one!! Happy Monday! ;)
To proclaim my love for her publicly is nothing to describe my feelings regarding her is not possible and the deep gratitude for her presenc
Can my dog stop digging on my bed? Seriously Teddy, you aren't going to find your bone there.
she makes ruhl good single serve carrot cake
come kick it!
It's a nice choice if you value portability without sacrificing power. (4.4 lbs)
Why do you keep sticking your head into the septic tank and then complaining about the noxious fumes???
Im a lifegaurd. I'll save you. :)
and are two other #calico11 attendees with useful content here on Twitter. Check 'em out.
Resolved: To be a whole lot more assertive this year. Time to start applying some of that feminism to my own life!
Omg I'm starving :(
Bein my self ... Hungry
Sound good. Yes, will be at #ISTE12. Take care.
Ahh shit that means i gotta skip 2nd too cause im in the gym both periods and he can see me hm...
Heat fans that think Bosh suck lmao I bet you miss him now
Haha, and then I yell, "Ninja Poof" and I vanish... I hope -_-
I cant even comprehend how stupid you are..
Happy Valentine's Day from !
Really nice guys!
lol thanks :) Just love yourself and be proud of how you look cos there's nothing wrong with you. Trust me!
Yes it's Friday! Leaving at lunch!
I miss you too, I'd stop by but I don't have a car.
Congrats to Maddy Hunter and who sold about a zillion books at a packed Booked for Murder event
Join us on Feb. 29 at 5:30 PM for "Books on Broad" featuring Mollie Cox Bryan talking about her debut novel, Scrapbook of Secrets.
bout to get some lunch head to park and planning
Juneau Park, up past the museum, through the non-gnat side of the lagoon, up past Bradford beach and partway back.
How much online shopping do you do?
I do indeed.
Maybe a few different little things like less PP combos and better PK stick-to-it ness, but Pens were not "terrible" IMO
I'm glad to see ur still on here, I'm trying to get in on all aspects of social media, for an internship
Dang! Laurie, you're a tough act to follow! A Stotan in EVERY sense.
Strawberries and cream... m....
Had the cheap seats in spinning and is delightfully sweaty as a result.
"Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes"
Let's go celtics!
I bet his Dick is real chocolate!
amare was "a millimeter away" from hitting a nerve in his hand when he punched fire extinguisher. team doc. says it would have ended career
We Are the Voice of the Young American Movement!... ITS TIME OUR ISSUES WERE HEARD!... WE WILL NOT BE IGNORED
NBA outdoors? I love this game!
Only if they want/need MPLS funding. RT last step will be Mpls City Council.
AHL/NBA doubleheader tomorrow! $15 tix w/ $6 going to #WheelsForForest & @ Bobcats game we're Rocking the Roof w/ Budweiser
good to meet you at #wnbanyc last night
That's our ball cuz quit bullshitting
In 1897 opera singer Marion Anderson was born Banned by DAR she famously performed on steps of Lincoln Memorial & broke barriers for blacks
Never put too much trust in friends; learn how to use enemies.
although everything's changing. I don't know about you, but he's still the SAME Austin I fell in love with.<3 it won't change a thing.
Hate when ppl tap my arm to get my attention <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
GOAL! The Blast strike first!
“: me too” maybe we should have a sleepover so we can tweet all night :)
Best Friday car ride ever #sexualinterview work that tutu!
#FF ; Well, lemme tell you this . This girl will be a true BEST friend. she will wake up or stay up, just to make sure your ok.
"Your welcome "
Make something happen, it really pisses Chance off!
I didn't think about this before RT : We are raising a generation of philanthropic children~ Barbara Chandler
That is RUDE! You shouldn't hate anyone (especially Amanda). Oh, and thanks for the time frame tip last night.
I Hate How My Mom Picks Her Low Life Boyfriend Over Her Own Kids <<<<
#BEARS Super Bowl
woahhhh!!!!!!!!!! Mind blow!, the word speaks for itself
hey with those numbers u can't pimp a walk off homerun...
The camera adds 10 pounds and removes 2 crazies.
5 and a 1/2 in boys, ass is off the hook.
82nd and Milwaukee!!
thanks for the follow!!!(:
the guy i like is such a dick but hes cute, ghetto and funny.
are you driving?
Supermoon tomorrow night at 8:24pm according to appear 14% bigger.Could be great night for to shoot.
Curious. Can't wait to hear!
Denzel Washington and Ryan Reynolds in #safehouse is a definite must see! loved the action and the great acting!!
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTh
nice to meet you today mustache man <3
"Passion is the great slayer of adversity. Focus on strengths and what you enjoy." - Charles Schwab
At PSA Partnership Maryland Zoo event. CEO Hutchinson speaking. Photos to be posted soon on PSA Facebook Page. #in please share this.
“: yoyooooo hit my jack when u get a chance” bet
happy halloween
damn I liked that one also where did u see they canceled it
dam hug titz
Tune into KPBS Midday Edition, I will be discussing important City issues
busted indeed lol
honeymoon is over...back on tomorrow. 4 GOOD this time.
Thinking about repiercing my belly button? o:
thanks for tweeting about the project!
Where's my aaaeeeeggggg?
thanks for following me <3
CISO of ebay says they estimate that approx 70% of their users have a serious malware issues. Interesting...
I genuinely feel bad for the devs getting attacked because of 's ending. This SHOULD have been a time for congrats.
SEO NEWS: Drive Failures Affecting Some Customers' Rankings and Reports
It's been on my bucket list for 10 years, I'm not vegetarian anymore, but I finally made it to the Moosewood Restaurant in Ithaca.
Why don't we assess the process and not the outcome? Do we always have to be right? Where does the learning really happen?
I hope it's good to be a persona!! Thx for letting me know!
I promise your my number one.
It freaks me out that all the kids in this Raffi video are probably middle-aged now
GRAPHICS + 1000 BIZ CARDS FULL COLOR FRONT AND BACK W/ UV COATING, ONLY 90$. ASK ME FOR DETAILS.
Say it ain't so!! Heavy D passed away?? At only 44 years old? Rest in peace, Brother D.
fish tacos. Really, really good ones. Outside on a patio. Maybe near the water. But no sand.
I'm thinking about chatroulette day. It's pretty good idea. :)
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
CYBER MONDAY SPECIAL. 10% off entire order AND free shipping in the US (coupon: DISCOUNT10) Best bit: 10% of sales goes to
I've decided! I'm going into journalism!!!!
Hope you're having a good week. Enjoy the zoo when you go. Gave you some tips back on the blog. Just e-mail if you have ?'s.
Day 2 opens at 11 come by the table for some special reduced prices
Judge Piampiano not even addressing our multiple requests for camera in courtroom.
With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see the right .. Abraham Lincoln
Let's Go Dolphins Phins Up
Don't forget your threatening to shoot me
Had a lot of fun in the desert for the weekend=] Ready to get back to biz..=]
DRose: "I will never forget how they celebrated just from winning this game. I can’t wait to play them again."<----- ruh-oh
True, but as with Sea Salt, it is nice to start some things early.
It's the little things in life that mean the most.<3
Deaffromdicks.com is the best URL ever.
I'm scared
Thanks for the RT! Hope you had a terrific weekend!!
Conversation about #diversity and #church with our youth.
sweet just found $15 in my jacket pocket!
follow me so i can send you a direct message :)
great tweets Tom! And thanks for bringing IU basketball back from oblivion :)
The good things are right in front of you. If you don't notice them, someone else will.
OMG!!! I'm not the only one! O: THANK YOU! She's not ugly!
The moment when u fart and take your hand from your ass and smell it...#shit stank
you can crash at chez hook also there is the cardinal - very cheap
no a teacher told me
Saw uber-curator Hans Ulrich Obrist on the street yesterday. He's not as tall as I expected. I'm sure he thought the same of me.
Join us tomorrow for the Emergence Fashion Show at the Madame Walker Building at 7p. Tickets only $10. #midwestfashionweek Thanks
Buyer mtg in AM, Listing appt in PM, numbers tell a different story for each today! www.ToddHolmesRealEstate.com
": Never let a person, situation, or past experience control your life."
Well played.
haha ya except gasol makes it, so I'd pass to him
#FF #FollowFriday Jen Haskell; Grad student, aspiring scholar of Chinese politics
What a beautiful beautiful sunny day in NYC to do a long long list of stuff!!
RT : “: people aren't good at making decisions.” but bad decisions do make great stories.
Sleeping with sirens, Y U SO PERFECT!
Remember that we are going to post our newly recorded single this weekend fresh from the studio! it's going to sound amazing!
Hope u get to c ur family soon! You guys deserve a brake!
Theyre hot and I like 3 of their songs but I dont like them like I doo or
Thanks to everyone involved in #12thNight and anyone who joined us. My first show with an asterisk next to my name! Incredible experience.
Great day with and team...love the culture of this company!
Learn how to interact with users on Twitter and build relationships
Perfection is hidden in the little shortcomings.
Nice work on the Other People Podcast! Best wishes too on your book tour. I need to check out Legs Get Led Astray!
Research and Markets: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts ...
Thinking i'm going to be Daria for #halloween so I can be sardonic all night. That means I need combat boots. What are yall being?
I love the picture they got for this story. Pretty awesome considering it's just a guy at a computer.
Poke her a few times, tell her she has a moving vein. >_> Or say you couldn't find it. xD
Foodie #ff Thanks a bunch. Great group there
classic.........thank god I was parked when I seen it.
Wen he smiles :)
Saturday. CGQ. The. Washington. Burlington IA. 8 PM. (just 40 short miles from Galesburg hint hint)
Take that out !!
yah, I'm kinda in the same boat. Between school and part-time jobs, I didn't have a lot of time for volunteering >.<
thanks for the post AD! I'm one of your biggest fans as well!
country girls>>> <3 they're the best;)
#Avengers is already my favorite movie of the year. Might have to go see it again because it was THAT GOOD!!
I am perfect right....?
hahahaha meant to RT that from this acct oops. Don't think he wrote that just thought it was funny. I'd LOVE to hear those stories
Hung out w/ pals last night, including and . Best way to end day 2.
Hey Shay and nice to meet you a nd see you and hope we can becme friends, thanks,Bobby Howard
i know huh ! (marisol voice from george lopez ) ;)
": How is everyone?" Alive!
Found out at #brewpal that one of my early 6.x modules helped lure into #drupal, who is now one of the #drupalpdx organizers.
Tell us more about America's pastime !
It's easier to say too! RT : I prefer the term "Schönfinkelize" over "Curry" for JavaScript transformations.
Stalking tweets
Oh Lord ! My best friend always got some crazy funny story to tell me.
What the fuck does octopizzo even mean???
NE Pats or NY Giants?
Put the WEST on ur back
. Please direct the attention of the DNC to WI. This is the front line of the war on the middle class and they need reinforcements
City atty files lawsuits to shut 12 pot dispensaries near schools, including 3 on El Cajon Blvd near SDSU and 2 on Park Blvd.
(And I don't mean just fielding percentage, etc, but also number of "saves" from bad throws to first.)
Looking for a new job (again): Leasing Agent, Property Manager or Event Coordinator. Any leads appreciated!
Hahahaha he doesn't even like you.
oh ok
Lawyers on a conference call, freaking out - interesting way to wait for your plane to board
thank you so much Ashley!
& I'm hosting! ": KirkoBangz EVENT same night after yall event at 10 pm flier coming soon"
SOBER is actually an acronym that stands for: Son Of a Bitch, Everything's Real
R.I.P. Ryan Putman. I will always remember thinking you were the coolest kid at Paloma. You will forever be remembered Put Put!
Homey game final table busted 11th....cashee gamee now
Life goes on...some ppl u must leave behind in order to accomplish what God has laid out for u
Jr. Seau took his own life today:/ what a shame he was an amazing limebacker :( RIP
I know I shouldn't feel like my weekend was wasted just because I couldn't convince Jesco White to learn yoga... but here we are.
I'm on the train display now; it's a shame you couldn't join me. :(
I just made my friend a GRANDer today,she's in love with you now<3
Dance party! RT : taping today. totally love her and this show is an actual cool thing.
I saw that you embedded our Anthony Mackie video back in November. Thanks for the link!
no problem! And your a little off on my age. Haha
I hear directing is a piece of cake...
I do everything, but mostly hip hop, ballet and ballroom
you need a puppy. Lol
Scarlett did a great job with Black Widow. I want more of that character as well.
RT : Will say this: the #Jaguars aren't begging to be on Hard Knocks, but they'll happily do it if asked.
YES! All of the knots out of my hair, Harry Potter Marathon and ice cream.
Thank you! A lovely weekend to you, too!
I'm pregnant and I love my baby daddy and I love my porshe
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Habak got 7 blocked shots smh most of from the 1st quarter i'm sure
Reggie Jamz will be entertaining y'all once again this Sunday at the #BlackAndGold pageant!
"Honesty, when done correctly, can heal wounds, open us up to more Light, and diffuse the stupidest of blockages." -amazing friend of mine
and then you TOTALLY REDEEMED YOURSELF!
i hate all of this fighting. :(
follow please ? :)
We need to talk. This is the only place I can get ahold of you!
And a shuffleboard win puts us 2-0.
Yes, Tartakovsky -- the Creepy-Eyed Girl. I remember that one.
Yes!!! Bon Iver wins best new artist!
People don’t read. Anyone that has offered instructions to users on the web can attest to this. So give folks an alternative-...
RT : moving day!
brink let's just go
I see you have not accepted the mission yet. Are you not up to the challenge?
oh shut the front door.
please tell me you have seen Phoebe "slutty panda" Price at the pumpkin patch! X17online has the pics.
Aww, bummer. It's always sunny in Santa Barbara... hope C19 is a blast!
Signed with new representation - The Robb Company and very excited to work with them!
happy mother's day to all of the beautiful moms of the world. :D
My mixtape is finally done...releasing soon theres not a official date yet...
Next riot location- fall high school football games.
I'm so hungry.
thank you sir for the
what about Calvin the same ole shitb
Mixed about #Madonna's half-time show- loved the #classics- can't get behind the new song- I feel like its like
THIS! The soundtrack + what happens = TEARS RT : If you want to cry go watch The Road
good to know lol
uh oh do women on twitter align too?
just lick them then or eat only on the weekend. ;)
Thanks Rick. Love it! Wish I had bought a house there 20 years ago!
Will somebody turn the lights on? Somebody tell me what's wrong. I'd be lying if I told you that losing you was something I could handle.
I dont let too many people get close to me, because they always try to use me.
you sure!?
Fizzled protests, mixed messages, indicative of state of stalled immigration reform movement
Don't be a #backslider!
When are we supposed to get our whiteboards checked???
that's a start but can you get faster than 81 wpm? That's the fastest we have seen someone type in TapTyping
Arab spring...is in need of our attention again. 300+ Egyptian protesters have been jailed for speaking out against the military government.
I have reached the critical stages of "Senioritis"... 13 days to graduation.
That awkward moment when makes you jealous of a frog.. -.-
Exercising has a way of making us a bit achy! Ask :) Keep taking my advice, it will soon all pay off!!
it's on fora tv if you just search my name. watch the disaster!! ps I'm getting better, last couple went pretty smooth
everyone go follow shes the sweetest!
Oh, this commercial has been very nice to me:) Thanks Val! :)
": Up glamming for a long day of work! Love these days! Thinking hair up w fishtail braid, and a smokey eye!"
S/O to you for being awesome!
#projectx is an epic movie.
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz. What til we put it on the block. Crazy
Excited to be providing apps for the VIP's at the Pfister tonight!
It feels wrong to join a gym, then hit pagliacci for 2 slices and a coke. #weighttraining :)
#FF Italy represents on T to the witter
but with limited funding/instructional hours you have to make hard decisions
Having fun at #CleGiveCamp!
Popping in last minute to the
gonna sit in the tweeting section and make us all jealous???
I don't think anyone can touch the L.A. Kings.
thanks for the shout out! thanks for the follow! #ilovewhen folks dig my twitter feed
dipping back into twitter after awhile distracted by the rest of life. warning to new followers: I can be spotty like that.
Congrats Becky.
Final 4 were all GREAT! Mel and Sasha were always 1 of my favs but I thought 4 sure Sasha would take the title Congrats Melanie!!!
sure, that's fine. I need to drop by anyway. When are you back in?
thanks! let me hear some of your beats, i got a compilation dropping soon
RT Everybody wants respect, just a little bit. And everybody needs a chance, once in a while. Everybody wants to be closer to free
Rolando's super tacos!
&& Still I Ask Myself Why Do Hurt Me ?
The hard copy is in PDF on front page of meeting site. I
Im not even sure. It was an inside deal that the NFL wouldn't really want happening lol.
stop by for a post game beverage. Great drinks and food until 1 am.
Love Lock Down
I can't wait!!!
Thanks guys. Yeah, that was my handiwork. Hopefully some upgrades later this year (cc: )
so... how many of you have voted in the 12th District so far today? let us know.
Recorded four Johnny pate arrag today for the impressions and net Fred cash.....today was a good day
Best overheard conversation of the day: Four men at Indy breakfast restaurant planning group home for homeless veterans.
Glad u enjoyed!! RT : I know I mentioned dinner but seriously, one of the best meals ever tonight at Pork Belly
Playing catch up after being out sick + moving while youre still super sick = super sucky sicky.
We strolled across the street for a better view of the moon. Stunning and bright as a bride, as the bedouins say.
Ready for Panama! Goin all out
I thought the first two activities were "Battle Rape" and "Jump Rape". #RapeIsAWorkoutToo?
So proud of our 2012 grads! Tweet your grad pics!
ok NOW its okay to be mad at AJ
Iran nuclear weapons..North Korea launching for Iran...we are waging a war on women
um..i mean… *we* would be a very wealthy *team!*
like u ..RT“: Some bitches really need a punch in the face.”
at Ryan's hockey practicce.
going to hang out tonight at CV to hear dj's moma, stimulas,flavien& liondub put the roof on fire;)
I need a triathlete spa day. wonder what that would entail?
It takes many nails to build crib, but only one screw to fill it
#JerseyShore :D -A
Lakers about to overcome a 33 point deficit!!! Woohoo!!!
(Also, their headline writer gets bonus points for using the subjunctive properly.)
I'll be swinging by early next week...need to do some jacket shopping for an upcoming trip! :)
Shout out to the nice girl who opened the coffee shop 20 mins early so I could get my mudslide!
RT : In Miami? Want 2 try the Flirty Girl workout? Join me 2nite www.lotusdancestudio.com
Don't want severe wx, but rain would b nice 2 settle down allergens.
Thanks for the RT, Lisa!
aww thank you!
Okay Knicks... Go time
I'm Lou Piniella mad at They lost to Jeff Suppan. Shutout by Soup
Cardinal sin right there.
Watching t.v., laying on the couch, and eating wings!
I'm dying of boredom
Whats good folk! Whats the deal bro!
lol wow, good to know! ;-)
Doctor rivers
I saw a dog wearing a full on DOWN VEST in Seward Park the other day. I thought it was a good look, personally.
Cleared a backlog of 80 podcasts this weekend. Guess I'm just a fast listener.
is forward progress challengeable? I didn't think so...
Naw your a cheater. Your way taller then me that wasn't fair at all . I want my rematch ! Lol
I guess you forgot to appreciate the one person that would do anything for you.
Our pleasure! We like what you're up to :)
College of St Rose on ProVision - how to have innovative pedagogy in a time of declining resources
it's glorious
Tubbs says the challenging times at the Capitol over the last yr did not cause him to look for a new job but did give valuable experience
It was not now such a very difficult problem to guess what the coming Dark Nights might mean
heyy! I just followed you :)
I wanna party and bullsh*t!!!
An #Aries woman requires freedom
free shot tonight if your a large women in a small tank top?
People who stab you in the back and blame it on you #unforgiven </3
I made it only because of Your favor Lord God
Yo RT : They praying that i fail, im praying that i rise. I guess the hating didnt work so now they tellin lies. I gtta get
aloha brett, can we get u on again talk about the MWC/C-USA situation & also everything going on w/ CFB Realignment 10:20 p et?
It's warm out, but not warm enough for niggas to be in shorts...
cuz thats all i can say, th only thing thats not off limits anymore :'(
What is the most challenging aspect of a #Diabetic #Diet? It's Diabetes Awareness Month & I'll be on Talk Philly CBS3 with a new
Smile on my face
Why have I just found out about Commander in Chief??..Geena Davis is amazing! Sad this show didn't last longer than a season!
Im The Illest In This Foshizzle ~ My Flow Sizzle ~ Ya Boy Hot Go Hard Like Some Cold Nickels **)
o its cool. I said wow cuz I couldnt think of ne thing else to say without being an ass. im trying to say I think yur pretty.
You gotta follow - never miss a short rib taco again!
Blake complaining about a foul, weird.
I compare you to a kiss from a rose
can anyone give us a shoutout please? i will give one back
Alright, come on #Lakers!
getting you all a #follownow :)
What is your favorite music venue in NYC?
It appears my Twitter followers are about to outnumber my Facebook friends.
k, so uhh(: idk how to make it xD
RT : : Latinos are not only America's fastest-growing pop.we are also the fastest growing group of voters.
You'd Be Nothing Without Me , Duuh (:
you look beautiful.
GOAL: Romney 60% Obama 40% as repudiation policies NOT the man. Win the middle with intelligent, reasoned, respectful appeal w/o demonizing.
Luke bryan concert here we come!!!
Ughh! venicio wont even talk to me&; i apologize&; wrote him an apology letter&; gave him a sticker:(( tht bastard:))hehe jkjk:P
“: I Hate David Banner Too Btw” ~ Lakers didn't even lose yet... what up wit all that hate?
RT : No bassoon? The Oscars suck this year.
Anyone thought about putting QR codes in Facebook cover pics? Is it allowed? Would it be used? Computer to phone?
Thanks, guys. Means a lot coming from you.
lol you mean I hope she see that tweet
Saturday means yard work, housework, and maybe a treat later..maybe a movie...hm.
I feel bad for what I did hope to make things right what should I do
oh ok I knew bout them thought I missed something
I love wen they team across the line..if u knw wat u mean...lol
so when we playing together again man? haha
Soo angry at my friend! Try to steal the guy I like... then you end up crying or bleeding.
One more final!!! hell yea, can't wait to go home <3 imma knock this reserch paper out of the way then sleep the rest of the week lolz
People telling you the score of a game you're dvr'ing.
Newdigs will be down for a little while we make some updates - stay tuned apartment hunters, we'll be back soon!
Is this training for the Amazing Race?
Am I the only person who actually buys their drink at work instead of stealing 'em outta the storage room.
"Sunday mornin', praise the Lord."
It's like im finally awake, and your just a beautiful mistake. x
I hate being sick and still having to go to school
Kid you not, I was JUST on their site 10 minutes ago, wistfully drooling away. Sigh.
no prob tickets are free
Warped Tour!! San Antonio Texas!!
RT Tonite- TOP 10 SELLING WINES TASTING!!! That's right, we are tasting 10 wines tonite!! #wine .
I always refer to One Direction as 'the boys' :')
Mixing 's song!!!
Looking forward to 's talk at the #baynet2012 annual meeting!
she's way hotter than me
I don't DISLIKE I prefer I'm not donating to Romney because he doesn't inspire me.
Pleez stop crying every week... you are so much better and prettier happy.
There are no failures. Just experiences & your reactions to them.
same box score different day, same people with hits and same people with strikeouts
I Don't Think My Twitter Is Working:( That or Yhuu Just Don't Reply To My Tweets:( Haha!!
you unfollowed me.
dang i wanna be home right now.
#Pretty please follow me? And make your #1fans dream come true?#ItsLikeJesusInYouFace with those cheeks!! :)
Remember: in this life you only have yourself and nothing else, because once you get burned, no one is going put out your fire.
no it's not you horrible person
re. BuzzFeed's "transformative" argument-- one doesn't have to satisfy all four factors (even so I'm dubious of their claim)
And remember with Christ in your life anything can be accomplished.Remove any doubts out of your mind! BELIEVE
Sorry not recoverypoint, but replication manager, in the end got it working, now to analysis, and write it up
that's alright we will party at ur house (: Hang next weekend?!
I missed that interview. They did stop though... :-)
This has gone too far... Instagram raising $40M at a $500M valuation
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Glass of Wine,tasting board,great service and all on the patio
have fun!!
There's a meadow of what looks like marsh on the bike route, and what sounds like pokemon in the tall grass. Best bike ride ever.
I am recruiting my twitter followers :) Thank you in advanced for your support.
" I hate that scary moment when you put a ring on your finger and you cant take it off. 0__0"
So funny. Shall we duel through Twitter?
I like the red coat... where's it been all winter?
Right on! We definitely need 2change up the school board. Within this next year we need 2frame the debate & speak truth 2public
Bring it on! Looking forward to the mastermind tomorrow
“: The man who has no imagination has no wings. -Muhammad Ali”
Working on photos from dw12 test at the speedway last week
Wieters hits an odd home run that bounces off #BlueJays left fielder Thames. You get one, you give one, Thmas.
So... I am pretty sure that I tasted ALL of Washington this weekend.
I find these "Christian Single" commercials on TV disturbing.
ugh, last full week of school... full speed ahead into stress and finals! Gonna be a long week with little sleep..... =P
aw thanks :) xx
RT : Microsoft Office coming to the iPad - According to an article in The Daily (the News Corp daily newspaper for the iP......
lol shout out to that
Very cool! I hope to retire at a monkey farm of my own making ... lol
Perusing mid-90s movie reviews for indirect answers. So many movies I'd forgotten about... Also great reading movie plots out of context.
All Day
Christmas, Christmas time is here... oh wait. well i sort of just got done watching Alvin and the Chipmunks. haha
You can drink and smoke but this is a too risky?
I would be extremely grateful and flattered if u would fallow me!! <U+E404><U+E404> Please!
Every time I have the opportunity to work with questions about #medieval #manuscripts, I remember how fun they are.
Who's down for the beach tonight???
Is going make a lot of people surprised....especially Seth kirlock
i wanna open a store next to Forever 21 called Finally22 i bet you femalez will dig it ha #fuhken faded statuz boiiiii
RT : "82% of women in executive-level jobs had played organized sports in middle, high or post-secondary school"
I look and feel like I have been on this bus for a very very long time.
Just finished The Ides of March... Mind blown. probably loved this flick.
are you surprised? It's after Halloween. :-P Just hear those sleigh bells jingling, ring-ting-ting-a-ling too...
Have you contributed? RT : Just made my donation!
this better be the last day for all this storming. its been storming all week! .-.
'm in the green room with Hannah!
“: No games last night. Any recommendations for my Avatar today???” 3-Goggles photo!! Because of the mutual love!!
Ready to be done with this school shit! Atleast for now.
they barely covered the logo
Now Microsoft has become a little friendlier to the little guy but they already created a 10 year long bad image. Apple gained.
That's so true. c:
Constance: "That girl has got another cupcake coming."
thanks for the link. Working on some cool stuff here. More to come
Lol F jon
And we have resurfaced to have some reception
Everyone go follow and all the other streetteams -Tanika
The hunger games are so awesome
Wishing all the participants a good night for
pubes hurt when caught on a bitches snag tooth anyways...
YYYOOOO!!!! I'm Jus gettin up and I realized I'm missin clothes!!!! WHO VIOLATED ME WHILE I WAS SLEEP??????
making plans to do my hair
You can't help but love with the #brewers this year!! Just a thought!
when do you come home?
If you can make me laugh, you can have my heart!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764>
Don't know I don't speak french. I just proved lack of sleep means bad jokes
Thanks so much for bringing the family by, hope you all had a fab time. What did you order?
BITCH IT'S MAHOMIE
Be as radical as reality.
I swear I'll never be happy again, and don't you dare say we can just be friends.
"I wasn't that drunk", ""Dude, you spent 3 hours yelling 'Never' at my sister's Justin Bieber posters!"
Life without music is like spongebob without patrick
I knew you was the 1 when I laid my eyes on that sweet ass
$199 Sign & Drive going on right now! Plus our bonus No Charge Gas for a YEAR!
The fact they are actually calling this fool Metta is dumb as eff
Thor is better! :D
Front Desk Wed Nite: Just talked w/ visitor from Juneau 4 nearly 1 hr w/o using the term "banana belt." Yay me!
Tweeted to by USAToday, bucket list....check :-)
Way back machine? MT ah, I see. the uc berkeley library tore down my blog there from the time they were hosting my DLF office.
Presents The Future of Law Part II - February 9, 2011. Registration opens shortly #LPO Global
<U+200E>"alittle bit naughty is a little bit nice, she's a whole lotta glam, sweat sugar sex spice." (;
Friday morning crew - I spotted a dark chocolate nugget on the subway this morning, so we're def off to a good start.
Fantastic first day Definitely looking forward to rest of the season.
For more info about myself and the work I have been doing lately, please visit www.thepearlslink.org/thepearlsguru.
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
Ah...the chalet!
Nice to see a little rain in the rainy city this morning
I've been looking for a good giants ringtone!
still doing it for me. Jealous of the correct-unread-label-count lifestyle you are leading today.
#Tebow !!! That was a fun 4th quarter.
No matter how old you are, if a little kid shoots you with a toy gun, you pretend to die.
You were way more than "just tactical." ONG!!!
hey SEXY girl. Ur the reason i subscibed to camslover. Cant find lisa carter. Whats ur name on there?
Materials needed a BlindFold,shoes (leather soles) to Learn Salsa. It's $15 per session for the 10-week class & $130.00 if you pay up front.
#TigerBeatLovesASW ALL THE WAY (coming sept. 27th) :D
Wow congrats!
where were you today cuz? Big coop was in the parking lot today after work
Words can't describe how thankful I am for being blessed with the mother that I have
oh that's prolly y
I keep telling myself that it's for the best but I know it's not.
1/3 of cancer deaths in US are caused by tobacco use. :) I am happy I have quit! 81 days
ya no atiendes
LET'S GO BULLS!! STAYING ALIVE! LET'S BRING IT BACK TO CHI TOWN FOR GAME 7!!!
Anywhere I can hear what your 6tet sounds like? Perhaps I can help change your current mood/momentum.
there are so many d**k riders....omg....i cant tolerate this foolery
I love Ryan Braun.
YES. THAT HOTTIE BETTER UPLOAD LOADS OF THEM.
yea so r u gonna be my bestie
omfg. That's great
but too late. Ill change it.
he really does..im telling you if he was with the bulls D.rose woulda had less pressure and we would still be playing : DLol
bored. gonna shower and get dressed. someone wanna come over and kick it with me later?
didn't want to spend too much time on Weiner this morning. LOVE
> great time! Looking forward to a session!
you'll deal with it.
I love you thank you :) I miss you already
RT Today I did a total of 25 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 1, Day 1, Level 2)
“: I chose not to be an ass, but you brought out the worst in me.”
Hummus is the new refried beans....
That's a spicy meatball.
can you add @ C4LPT and @ JaneBozarth and @ SoMe4Trainers to our GSU list? I tried but it wouldn't let me.
Dreams are nothing more than wishes, and wishes are just Dreams...
Question: When you find a possible deal that looks good you you are afraid to pursue it, what should you do?
Loved my orange leaf date with !!
Somewhere in the back end of my mind I got this crazy idea...that I miss you.
You're doing a good job! It's tough to remove privileges, but you set a standard for respect when you do.
Happy Easter, y'all! Hop it's eggcellent!
lmao that's not even garza
I woke up EVERY hour on the hour all night. Got the Monday Yeeech. Overtime all week. Yeeeech!
New special: 2 slices of pizza, 1 topping-your choice, & small drink for $5+tax! Ends 5/9!
Why are hardboiled eggs so embarrassing?
They have a golf simulator at work so I won't even have to spend any money to get my game up before I hit a real course :)
RT : should really follow me back because i was a great fan tonight AND bought their EP and took a picture with them.
You have great tips! Thanks the follow!
It just occurred to me to ask if you might be attending Explore Nashville tomorrow.
I want more salad with a side of vodka..
Check in to U.S. Bank Arena on foursquare tonight for a shot at a pair if Red Hot Chili Peppers on June 6!
No sleep
Friday 5 New Items: Sex & the City s.1-3, Auto Focus, Carl Sagan's COSMOS, Awara and Almost Famous. Get something for the weekend!
Did alot this weekend. A bunch of #special stuff on the way. Thanks for being patient.
How was our last post?
easy choice! Thanks joe
Tonight kicks off a new series of language learning classes! Are you going to be there at all this week?
Happy New Years everyone! What were your favorite horror films of 2011?
Reducing Recidivism will also take strategic rehab efforts, skills develop. programs, job creation, employment opport for former inmates.
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so. Robert Orben
Spent all day yesterday thinking it was Friday, so can't decide if I'm dismayed it's already here or surprised there are 2.
I like looking at both sexes, man ;)
living life in the slow lane this week. Off from work, being vegetative. How goes it with you?
Looks to be active weather moving into Eastern Missouri
...but I think society won't be able to get rid of its hangups until everybody can shout %*zN! from the rooftops without being embarrassed.
havent bin on ina while :O
Anna Sui ss reports over at & -great sale!
Might get this job delivering pizza lol
lol I'm dying right now!!!!!
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your repair bills through the internet.
Sometimes I wish sleeping burned calories instead of working out
I can't! Too depressed that my pad thai is missing!!!!
Next game it CAN'T be like this!!!
bout 2 eat something but what
no problem.
Smile as as often as you can as it is a way to let God know you appreciate the gift of life!
one day better!!
Four Cs #1: Concentrate. Focus like a laser on what you want, then go get it. Don't Iet anything get in the way.
BEER BASH in Coronado this Saturday at 1:00 at McP's. All are invited. Event Instigators: &
do it, so nice out here in NYC
What a tease! Bravo to Josephson for unearthing this.. hopefully there will be more to come!
What the hell am I doing. I've got a gorgeous, successful girlfriend. Who works hard, respects me, & would do anything for us
": I have a day off and woke up early. Arg!" Do it up!
RT : Rebekah Brooks has resigned! Sky bid dropped! NotW extinct! Only four horcruxes left to go and Murdoch will be mortal again!
Come join us at #TechCafe on 11/29 for Happy Hour!
RT : We don't think about reality when were happy; It's when we're broken and sad and hurting that it attacks
yeahh =/ we couldn't even look at each other or tlk to each other after all that. But we still kept in contact. Been my BFF
Just seen this big ass dude sleep on a bench outside.. pissed i couldnt snap a pic
: Who's in #OBX getting ready for the Flying Pirate Half Marathon? Good luck runners! #OBX #race.. There's a mess of us here!
That was a good laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>.
Been absent from online-land for a few days. Missed my fellow twitter tweeters! Welcome to all the new followers! Thanks so much!
Going by weight and face size, yes.
nice capture! where is this?
Ozzy is playing a game with another dog where they steal each others' sticks. He keeps fucking it up because he doesn't like sticks.
are you staying for the summer or just the weekend?
CSU claims "early start" program will not impact admissions or college access, but I'm skeptical.
we're still testing this with one of our touchscreens! the response seems good so far.
I can't find my shamrock socks. :(
I'm certainly not a scout. I do totally respect their contributions to the game, though.
I was gonna say the worldwide recipe swap. But yeah...same thing.
I have too I'm sorry</3
Happy to be apart of Let the celebrations begin!
That's a great idea (and a nice compromise between putting all their papers up and not doing anything).
follow me please y love vs austin e alex ,<3
bro, i love you and all but the 'stash? yeah, that shit needs to go.
I thought Canadian spiders have no venom
RT : Become the next High paid Adult model!Sign up today! We are a modeling Agency in Adult Entertainment Industry. -...
Psalms 34:7 The Angel of the Lord encamps around those who fear Him [who revere and worship Him with awe] and each of them He delivers.
I should probably get dressed since the day is half way over. lol
Whatsoever was the father of a disease, an ill diet was the mother.
drinking the kool-aid, feeling funny.
i agree 100%!
Heading out from Austin. First stop is Philly, then onto Lancaster.
so nice of u! ty for the tweet! I appreciate it!
couldn't help but wonder if you're ok with all the storms that passed through IN the past couple days. Fingers crossed!
Thank God for Tim Tebow's obedience. -They will treat you this way because of my name, for they do not know the one who sent me. John 15:21
apparently. I certainly missed the memo.
Goodnight twerps
Need intensive BUNN therapy after sitting here at body shop with Folgers actively brewing. Please hurry, Enterprise pickup!
Garlic Bread or Garlic Knots?
lol you're weird. good way
Giants all the way! Hoping for a repeat of XLII!
maybe things will change now that Clowngelo is gone.
but Sakiri is better! :)
i say i dont love you but you know im a liar cuz when we kiss oohhh fire!
am having a Mai Tai right now happy hour free drinks!!!!
Cassie is stunned when a notoriously evil figure from her past shows up on her doorstep. Watch #TSC tonight at 9 on CW20!
The way Kronwall hits is so odd. Goes in backwards, rear end first.
yes! Agreed!
I feel the urge to let a stream of profanity fly that would turn the air blue
": So what do we get from the Red Sox?"chicken.....and beer
Thank you Carrie Anne! You know a good Steve(s) when you see one(s)!
How r u? I'm always tweaking my excitement barometer! Going to 1st toastmasters mtg this weds. Vacation time was inspiring!
Funny and... Thank you for taking that pic. Really. Thanks. :)
Hey portland weather people will we ever see the sun again?? I'm tired of being cold and wet.
but working with vocalists is a whole other challenge. taking an acapella and doing a remix is the same thing.
when the bottom of your hair is lighter!
I only think blonde skinny girls are pretty get real u sound so dumb don't worry about what I think I pretty and being blonde or skinny
umm HELLO! why did you not share your good news w/the caucus?? Congrats btw! You make me proud :)
Seriously I'm terrified to sleep I'm afraid<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
I never imagined the elation of success would be a matter of failing consistently
Hunger Games tonight!
Same here. And if I have to take algebra again I'm going to be pissed.
thanks for following me!!! :)
54 year-old man eats his 25,000th big mac and is still in good health, HUH?!
I'm just saying I can't help it if I'm better!
Why did the little girl fall off the swing?
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ Christopher Columbus
Glad to see 2 review articles dedicated to early America in the latest ESC
OH MY GOD THE INTERNET IS TOO SLOW TO DO AAANNNYYYTTTHHHIIINNNGGG RIGHT NOW
#sprint Out in Cincy parts of Cincy too.
When tweets starting getting a lil nasty....you have now entered the "DM Zone" lmao ain't nobody stupid
Tell your peeps about me! Cali's Adroit Prospect. Up and coming R&B Producer
Don't cry Tom, you lost two Super Bowls fair and square and nobody can ever take that from you
Wakin' up this morning. Not the best morning ever.Back to the same old thing at school. :( It just sucks
“: have you met Jerry? He likes to skateboard.” he's pretty cool!
Simply worship. :-)
Ultrasonic will be available for your viewing pleasure after our premiere. March 5 2011 - hooray for self distribution!
#dcmi2009 Shigeo: For reaching the big market of commuters reading manga on their phones, metadata is crucial
-We're casting your new "Catfish," show with Nev Schulman! Can you pls RT our link? DM me for more info. Thanks!
Enjoy your 2-4-1 HHr after long day or Great music Great food ! Excellent vibe !
ty sir...T
make sure you get good BBQ flavored rolling papers...
Having a treadmill on the days u don't even wanna leave the house #winwin<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Our show is next Monday May 7th 7pm EST / 12am GMT
watching replays of Kentucky Derby since I can really recall watching and knowing what was going on as a HR fan
TUE Dinner Salad Special: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onion, Hard Boiled Egg & Creamy Maytag Blue Cheese Dressing
I literally got done in ten minutes today...wow im skilled
email me my pictures asap and send out what I told you to.
I don't understand the proliferation of invoicing software for creative business. How hard is it to create & track an invoice? #realproblem?
I'm quite convinced this woman next me incredulously confused #ala10 with AVN awards. Wait! Is Marion Berry mayor again?
Playbook breakfast launches White House Correspondents' Dinner - Politico
Need something to do with the family? Come to HarvestFarm.net fall festival!
Dari is a happy Guinea pig! i adopted her today
and I got you right back!
New Beats :D
if you ever make fun of my tweet game again I will honestly just laugh in your face, sir.
winona howe (la sierra u.) on nature causing apocalypse in poetry
Looks like you have been on a nice little run lately. GL Take this one down too.
I Love your profile pic.....How old are you? :)
what damn socks
& stay coming at me. I might have to shed some light on that situation lol
ATTN:!!!!!!!! 83 CUTLASS SUPREME G BODY FOR SALE... CLEAN AS FUCK. RUNS GREAT. $800 RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!
Finished recording #LucyintheSky #audiobook with John Vorhaus () this week. What a blast! John is a real modern comic guru.
that bitch had it comin...
I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
You see the life you wanna live on TV and wanna be a part of it Spend every night just popping bottles pouring drinks in VIP and you love it
Cheers from Seattle!
1,000 ways to die is a crazy ass show
Hate being annoyed!!!
I would like 1 crack rock please.
Eww botdf lame ass' are playing warped tour Wtfff why?!!!
William Cheeks is now talking about the importance of good credit. Basically, don't go crazy with credit cards!
OH: Don:"That's what Elijah & I have tittled the science & education center" :"U mean Elijah Wood? O wait..May!" cc
The good thing about being at childrens is I was busy with ,prayer for those children...my grandma always told me to pray. God bless
oh and another thing, please tell cruz to stop calling me because i will not answer.
Listen to Mistletoe love that song <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Happy one-year GSA anniversary to ! Expecting even greater things in 2012! (no pressure tho...)
I think coffee may just save my life for the next 2 weeks
That is quite an impressive number considering Missouri is a mid-west state, no?
remember when happy bunny was cool...just want 2 go back 2 those days
grades submitted...time to go go hide
Look4 our reviews of "Death and the Powers" Opera Theater, Goodman Theatre's "God of Carnage" in the Apr. 11th Snippets
RT if you have a teddy bear
Rodgers is the human embodiment of the Staples " that was easy" campaign.
Please check out my blog when you get the chance.
Abolutely! Counting down the minutes and looking forward to it!
I'm teaching attorneys with 15-20 years of experience how to do voir dire and openings effectively. it's all
myspace.com/mebruklin
can't wait for ROCK THE BLOCK music festival TONIGHT! Mongo is headlining - be there :)
How do you vote *for* poop in your harbor???
See ya in 2025
Will do!
oh yes....love.
#sxswmygrocerystore Ladies: Knee high white socks w/peeptoe black pumps all the rage. 30+? Don't forget to bring along 5 hype girlsdaughters
dawg I feel on my knees
You don't have a link for more info on that class do you?
If anyone needs any kind of #insurance follow Great rates from great companies.
I have to get X-rays in my lungs too, I might have pneumonia.
Is this something I need to shave for?
interesting post about #BoxingDay from athingirl:
Congrats to on the release of his 3rd CD! So excited to attend his release party tonight at the Aster Cafe in Minneapolis!
I initially read that as the town of New Portland, not that there are new meters in Portland. I thought, "Really? Congestion?"
Professor Xavier thanks you. Lol
My mom is here. There will be no watching anything without constant commentary. It's like unnecessary subtitles.
True dat! I hear you're home. We should catch up sometime.
What is yellow on the inside and green on the outside ?A banana dressed up as a cucumber !
#vaumc11 Congrats all those who r licensed, commissioned, & ordained tonight! May we all see the glory of God!
RT Whatever you believe about yourself on the inside is what you will manifest on the outside.
See, this mess is not cute. This is precisely why I do everything in my power to make sure I miss this show. Disgraceful & uncouth.
United Airlines...really?? Flt 421 ord to lax...90 minutes waiting for them to suck the water from the fuel well in the runway?
At Sendiks in Mequon tasting Purple Door ice cream
hello from Philadelphia, PA!
29 days until i say goodbye to the moocows.
It is snowing in Cleveland but Rocktagon is heating up!
Ha ha...G-M! it's like a whole different world out here! RT : good on ya! Have fun with the early risers...
hate when that happens!
I love tattoos. If it were up to me I'd have a sleeve. What are you thinking about getting?
My prayers are w/ u. Im proud of the person you've become and the work you've done over the past 2 years. Keep fighting. Co Cougs
I wish! I'm going to the East Bay after band practice with #mkndr, working in Sac tomorrow. #glee on Thursday?!
Given a muted global expansion, the outlook for economic growth in Brazil has downshifted.
You are doing work on that food, Andy. Now come make some online flashcards with StudyBlue at the tutor desk.
Everyone is goin outta town for sprung break and im stuck in vegas nobueno
good for you brah, but I just moved here for 15 months and I'm digging it!
Hey my nerds! L0L! I am sorry to say thy I am out for this Thursday. It's all for #LAKings L0VE! But, I have a sub.
love or hate?! I loveeeeedddd it
Look for it at Discount Liquor, Ray's, Sendiks and Woodmans.
Glad to welcome the flag house's new interns Chappin & Liz to our team! New tweeted photos courtesy of their hard work!
I love you all.
“: The next twit that points out my spelling will be singled out for special... treatment” I suggest 40 lashes with soggy noodle!
LOL! Man u funny! The Lions man u crazy! Think bout it yall aint neva won shit n yall think yall gonna beat us keep dreamin!!
#ThingsthatIlike when my mom is not screaming when she talks so basically when she's just not talking...
I feel like I'm part of the movie Chinatown.
it's not about the grass being greener, it's about fence hopping
Oh awkward I read that wrong ....
its actually in a song, youll laugh more if you watch the video to the song :P
Tip #165: The 1964 & 1/2 Shelby Cobra can go from 0 to 100MPH back to 0 in less than 10 seconds. Can you?
Drinking martinis at kit kat lounge
Why wait for the weekend to have fun? -Loesje
Love your new icon picture!!!:)
Reagan thought it was alright in 1986. It still can work now. Just set it at 30% instead of 28%.
#PCA she looks kinda like an Olsen
Thinking about the people who have so little during this holiday season! Wishing the tide would rise again lifting ALL boats.
My belly is as red as the mahogany book shelves in my apartment
ayo are you going to Rusko?
Time for another all-nighter!!
Cliff Lee is pretty naughty
Volunteer at with me this summer?
he DOES look kinda tall in the one photo I've seen, but that's a reach
It's five
RT “: Do the darn thing, Wisconsin! #recallwalker”
opban on Derby Eve! Sucks butt!
we understand your concerns... But we care about this country as much as you do. We have varied interests...including politics
you can protect yourself by approaching unknown Twitter users with the same cautioun that you handle suspicious emails and websites with.
The harder I work, the luckier I get. Samuel Goldwyn
We want everyone to check out its a great program and here at NTA we hope soon we can start helping our cities young talent!
Prone to wander, Lord... I feel it.
Great 21st century biz roundtable in Hadley #westernma yesterday with #dela Springfield thursday
Be beautiful,black,and sexy!!
My internet closed down for a second so the video I spent 20 minutes to load is gone. #not worth it
IMHO a new Continental Congress is long overdue; so much has changed in 250 years!
EVERYONE! I GOT HACKED!! SO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
This weather...
sing LMFAO's "shots" but replace the word shots with pics, because i wanna see your new tat ;p
Happy Hump Day!! Can't wait to get outta here this weekend for a bit.
having so much work that you just decide to do nothing at all.
Any worse than usual when your OS / page files are on a separate and possibly faster drive? It seems to me it would be so.
- I need free software to transfer my ipod library to my wife's pc. any advice?
Just landed in Florida and probably lost a couple pounds just in sweat
words of wisdom by Oscar "O m god u f@%king try hard"
Office work again today.. Such a relief
Don't mess until I get my crystal skull vodka.
i'm dying to talk to you, but i'm waiting for you to text me first.
"We are not a product of our environment, we are a product of our expectations." - Wes Moore
Hey did anybody see on the news that kim kardashian is going to run for mayor. PLZ GOD NO
Danny Briere is captain clutch
GM! Love this pic and I see you a Cowboy fan,join my page on facebook twist 2 health!
throw down the cheese cake
Good Morning Everyone. Have a great day ahead :)
The whole restaurant exploded with cheers when that shot was made!
Y E S she's my fav
oh, no way! I have 3 more finals then I'm outta here. NICE! Are you working this summer?
*The hoes not in class!*"She must've went to take a pregnancy test!"*Hoe comes back*"It must've came back negative!!"(: Hah hoes these days.
Smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke
AUSTIN IS KING <333
no problem. We're big fans of Milwaukee too ;)
Huh??? two more runs?? | Badgers were cruising with pass | Clay, 15 yard run |
i think its supposed to be worse here. Fingers crossed! Thnx
what the hell..weird
Questions about #ravendensprings? Here's a
Yoooooouuk!!! Nice home run. You were due!!
RT “: NFLPA has filed a grievance vs NFL challenging Commissioner Goodell's authority to suspend the four players he did."
": NO if you leave me I will cry everyday. No joke" go to clhs too!
imagine on top of the ovens on having to sit next to hot headed relatives in this heat when wine and carving knoves are present
OH: Who got stitches in their head?
fresh prince is that show
HA! Are you sure that was your air filter? EVERY time I take my car for an oil change I need something else done- never fails
He wants to go to the movies with me :)))))) EEEPPPPPP
because *she
wait can we buy em?wants!
love brings life and life brings love...
Just realized it's only the first week of the hurricane season. America including me, let's get back to the Genesis of this country. Ruach.
Do I need to go through their managerial company or is it something as simple as paying a few bucks to a BMI? Anyone done this before?
Children pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforcement ... - The Washington Independent
“: About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event. Great turn-out!”
What u think of possibly trading for dwight freeny or signing mario williams?
that mudda skunk did not just call me a smutta
Can't wait for these games to start! Like Now.
ok... jumping back in
I think the freezing cold dog walks are fueling my hot chocolate addiction.
On the bus to fairlane bout tuu watch this movie.!!
i love
I'm not that good ;)
May the Forth be with you
too full of pierogie and too wet to scooter on over to #FirstWednesdays. Hope it was cool (and dry). Perhaps an update from ?
I wish the honesty, love & trust I give others would, JUST ONCE, be reciprocated.. <U+E401>
Happy 30th birthday to my brother William.
That's it. I'm never going by my given name for an audition again. Henceforth, I shall be Jen Eric, soubrette
A "Basketball Wives" movie?
The mothers day present I have in store for my mama is gonna be epic
#SoundsAboutRight RT : Sausage, egg & cheese McGriddle!!!! This treat always makes me happy!
Enjoyed reading your white paper, and have shared it with library colleagues here. Great ideas, and nicely presented too.
Check out Poopie Pants Entertainment on facebook. Come on and join
my mouth is all wet
Off to work hoping some people feel brave enough to come give me something to do
My little brother and I just ran after an ice cream truck. I am still a kid. :P
IM STARTING A RIBBING SESSION WIT YO BIG HEAD ASS!!! LOL XD
What is your favorite green thing?
How can you think about restruturing the Fed without speaking with the debt underwriter////Adnan Salki
thank you for retweeting!
white girl making sushi ahaha
thanks for the mention!
“: Mane that elbow was a fuckin accident stop bring that shit up.”LMFAO WTF?? accudent MY ASS
Happy Mother's Day
I don't care what people say.
awesome tweets! way to go! Like the pics too
I will she doesnt use her twitter like that smh im workin on her tho lol
I really didn't care for the column...but I do like that quote.
glad to know I got to her :)
is church THAT judgemental?? or I should say folks that go to church. It was disheartning. and as u said-he's no friend
finally posted is right! We are actually working on a relaunch for January :)
Whats the difference between Tim Tebow and Jeremy Lin? Jeremy Lin is probably a good quarterback.
Good Morning!
At recruiting mentors and reaching out to alumni. Let's see how this goes.
Worn out. Tired of working all the time.
“: #promoyou?” eureka! That's what I was thinking.
look forward to meeting you.
Odegard rugs in SF presents new collections, Wed, Feb 2nd... RSVP to
Your not your a angel.
#ShitBallersSay: "You dont tow my %&$#ing Phantom" Scott Disick (punk'd)
Yea im back it
Beautiful day in Vegas! Hiking at Red Rock, then possibly meeting at Sunset Station to watch #UFConFox & #UNLVmbb!
get a job.
Can I just live my life without you? Leave me the hell alone. I dont want to be friends. Gaaawd
That is1of the best lines I ever heard too! Did u get my txt the other day? Tried to DM ya bak, but twitter won't let me.
Thanks for the RT Joe!
3.5 miles of intervals. Ouch.
Essence of innovation strategy is creating a portfolio of options
We hear you might be looking for a local finanical institution. We'd love to help! Thx to for mentioning us!
...but without the prize :-(
Only Two Weeks Tho.
Keep your eye on the trading dot. Filter out the political noise. Markets are a leading indicator giving a glance into the future
The hard-working, ground-breaking #HESP department is hiring new professors! Keeping up great education, great staff, great students.
Great minds think alike LOL
put your cell phone to vibrate and put your vibrator to cell phone.
Hey now dont pull a Christine on me!
Hey, the Cincinnati airport likes roller derby. RT Best time in the region this weekend -- against ...
Don't see connection between Milano and the NHL...maybe a current or former player, with insight into the game
Guys who read books are adorable!
Smoking kills. If you're killed, you've lost a very important part of your life. Brooke Shields
You can. Just make sure you fed ex the pack back on that Monday. Have a great trip!
One great idea is all it takes.
The ginger is a car radio hog! At least she knows better than to turn off There's just some things I won't tolerate.
yeah I got my permit today and drove home!!
all of you guys can have it (:
So, the Mariners were a botched routine grounder to third away from getting swept for the second time in three series. That's fun.
yes. Very supersticious
Ruh-roh. Wonder what caused her to do that?
fuck no. I bought it I'm giving it away. “: so give it back to him..lmaooo”
What are you doing this weekend?
+1 RT : Love all the shift in dialog from #wellness to #wellbeing!
No strong preference, but it's hard for me to imagine a more tech-d. text that wouldn't induce serious eye rolling.
#dhtrial Why go? When I was a kid in Wash DC I loved watching the Supreme Court. Also you learn lots about a biz by seeing sworn testimony.
Book is great. Swamped producing but reading when I can. email with your address, please.
Off the chain last night man!!! Congrats on that 1st sold out show!
Does anybody know when is going to release the rest of his #welcometoparidise tour dates. I want tickets close to me!
you are amazing and affect me everyday even though you don't know me at all
can't wait to see the show!
Working on your fervor - the deepest longings of your whole being - is what the Universe is wanting for you to do.
big game tonite - lets go !!!!
I was just sharing truth.
See you all down at our little social tonight!
From to Drawing Club to djing the DAM/PRAM event right now. Doing a bit of everything at
I'm not in San Diego... Anymore. I was there on Thursday though, so you are getting warm...
much appreciated
Sometimes I fall asleep with the lights on. Gangster shit.
- how do I join today's chat? Thanks!
wake ur ass up so u can get dat ass whopped again
So tired
Glee shot itself in the foot...I don't care what Fox says.
I really want to model any tips or advice
got lucky today never ever smelt anything so horrid. x__x
NFL Draft day finally here with Colts, Andrew Luck at center stage
Thanks for the live tweeting! Is any public entity recording this debate?
thanks for not rubbing it in.
I just had my 5th last week, but I think it's gonna snow wednesday so I might have another one
I ain't as good as i wanna get , but i'm better than i use to be
great presentation. Cute kids!
Good morning, People! Enjoy your Wednesday!
Closest they have, but no. RT : Let me put it this way. Is Zack Greinke a true "number one," in the theoretical sense of the word?
Thanks for checking us out! Would be interested to learn what you are doing with text mining.
RT : Please, YES Network, get new sponsors with all new commercials. This is painful
Failing up: when everyone knows you suck except the person hiring you.
Listen to "Question Reality" @ 5:00 PM, Enrique Ramirez, owner of Manhattan's trendy day spa, "Face to Face NYC." www.facetofacenyc.com
sometimes a man's gotta do that a man's gotta do. this is one of those times for me.
I never know what day it is anymore.
I feel like answering questions... if u have one maybe ill answer it?
#NOMaD headlines our 1st ever HOMETOWN COUNTRY CONCERT at Cal U on May 19th "City Girl Country Girl" #NowPlaying on FROGGY!
yu will NOT touch my daddy yu can talk all the shit yu want but yu aint bout that life and yu know i twitpic everything Lolz
2,050 plays on the Little Green Monster EP!
concert tickets and cake? My man could have at least broken her off a couple thousand bucks, she could have cashed in on ebay. Dummy
you can get a good blu ray for $50 or $60 that will stream Netflix too
Bruno mars is so cute omg
Gettin things to make dinner. She
TWO MORE DAYS UNTIL THE MOUSTACHE BASH!!! 5pm at Mother's in Federal Hill!! Be there!
60 beers before we hit the bars
Um yes... agreed and Atticus is so down. Needing a Rawlmond Joy.
move to my hood!<3
really? :D where'd you test at?
Lol RT : If someone says that they don't believe in true love or sole mates I have to assume they haven't see Ice Loves Coco.
Someones past can be hard to let go!
We need some dribble drive penetration instead if hoisting up 3pters
Anyone else find it odd that #TopShot is sponsored by eharmony?
Thanks for the Battlestar Advice. Giving it 2-3 more chances.
I agree! How best can we get instructors to switch to this "investigative" mode of learning vs. lecture?
My niece got me missing the heat game but I love her so I ain't gone complain..
Nick toon. And jeff fuller
Oh,that makes sense. I don't actually like horror movies, bc I don't like adrenaline rushes. But if you do, big screen, yes.
Ugh. Bad sign.
yeah but impossible to get on a server. laaggggg
they blasted the Celtics during the season 3 times .. what are saying smh
Fox Sports is going to jinx the jinx if they keep talking about Humber's perfect game... Can you jinx a jinx? We'll see......
We're glad you were able to get your FAVORITE Waffle Potato Fries!
Ville Time !
you PMS like a bitch I would know
Just hit 90 here, expected to hit 92. Still better than the 98 at Grassroots yesterday. Heading over later for Walter Mouton!
Where is MINE?? Oh yeah... how can I get you to send me more chocolate?? LOL
Outside tanning in the sun while listening to music & doing my AP Chem project... pretty chill, loving the sun! Can't wait till tomorrow! <3
just @ me RT": I just wanna watch movies all day with oomf"
Restaurant week is today through Feb 10..maybe we could do something for that? Thoughts?
I have a 2 hour delay!! More sleep
when I pan or zoom everything like shakes, not sure if it's only with flash
your ustream was amazing and i lovee u!!! <3
So I have yet to see a kony poster wasn't cover the night on Friday
MILvNYM rematch, Go Greinke, let's see if we can string together some hits out of infield tonight as last night was disheartening.
Omg!!!! This show is crazy! Emotional rollercoaster, can't wait for the finale, don't know if I can handle it
Please just stay you, no matter what happens..<3
Lucky, my A/C doesn't turn on in my apt till the end of May
from the Shotgun...ALL DAY!!!
#libraryschool LIB hard! PARTY hard! lol
Holding a hearing to discuss the recommendations of the ABC Working Group.
fingers crossed for u!
God damn it.I let my test lapse ONE day & my hot friend calls to book me to fuck a hot teen girl. Who wants to go to today?
It's true that whatever is meant to be will find its way
lolz at the shaggy tshirt too
So true “: Mahoney! Yes. Hightower would have just scared him into not running and Tackleberry would have shot him.”
really wasn't expecting to, i suck at essays
Buffets in general could end the deficit, but it depends on if they are all you can eat or not.
Where's ?
Perplexed bus driver just told me, "It's not Friday. You look casual." Guess I've made a professional impression on at least one person.
already did :)
Pirates/Marlins box score looks like really boring Binary Code. A couple of 1s, mostly 0s.
Christy ah yea shes cute(;
Black Keys at the Cosmopolitan!
Cotto has 2 win w big shots or a knockout.. Mayweather is 2 fast 2 try and trade jabs w He's already way ahead in score cards
dm me your email and you can have two seats..
if you follow we will all... Idk but we will be so happy!
Finally out this house<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
good morning to you and the team from follow request keep it G.
Going on two weeks well deserved R & R. Don't call me, I'll call you!
Sorry to hear that. :( Hope you get better soon my friend.
RT : #FirstDateRules: ALWAYS HAVE AN ESCAPE PLAN.
Omg I got into the football cheerleading team!!!
"New Girl" was so freakin' funny last night!!!!
A common placement for #plants on property is around the edges
Money on my mind money money on my mental
#blackmaskedmamba is about to put in work tonight on #detroit watch out Wilt
xo till we overdose..
when neon moon came on my heart dropped and i cried
wow that is so pretty I WANT ONE!!!!!! so how is the victorious cast??? R they doin well???
uc folks were watering our crops when I drove by around 1pm
"The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists." Japanese Proverb
Good morning world.
Sad, heavy sigh.
my accent isnt cute hahaah like me lol. but so you have a uk accent? thats hott :)
BREAKING SILENCE very good - she toned down some of the violence from book 2 but still has tension between Amish and non
Have faith in you and everything you do.
oh fa real lol then puff away my dude
Already a goal?? Great! Slow starts have have been the norm lately
Another close to a great day at Back at it bright and early!
Getting ready to set up i'n douglasville, Georgia! Let's go!
would love to see you guys at our CT viewing party tonight 6pm
rootstock closed this sun.&mon. celebrating americas birthday! woo! come drink some reisling tonight.
": Sometimes we waste too much time thinking about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second."
I feel that way every time I see him.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
F yes! There's a Waffle House in Austin.
I need sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
back from road-trip. that blue chair is calling me for a nap.
It's a general rule of thumb that nothing is for free. This is especially pertinent when relating to federal and state spending
Many thanks to and for putting together an inspiring panel on R/GA and design careers for our students!
text me
Ohh. Yeah that's kinda far. I hope they film at least some of the Catching Fire in NC.
Lord Grant Me The Power To Accept The Things I Can't Change
chances me and wake up at the westwood house tuesday morning... very high
Shout out to George Washington Carver and his buddy who decided to slap some jelly on it
are u insane, josh hutcherson is gorgeous!:) lol
ha ha why is that I have my account and a Jordan Jansen support accout that is all I need lol
Good morning everyone, hope you all have a wonderful day. I'm off the next two days, time to be productive!!!!!
lmao! Damn.. Nigga lasted a pay check.. I'm more of a night hawk..
its from big daddy
Dont freak out, lol, but what's it about? I have no idea. * hangs her head lower*
Just settle down and agree to call it coke and move on, kids.
Yeah, I've been told I misread an article as an update from NBC. If it turns out to be true, though, I'm oddly OK with it.
I don't like Katy perry
Live until 10am at Small Plates in Detroit for the Tigers' opening day!!
now following
Where can I find lazy person exercises? I really want to exercise, but I really want to also be lazy.
"Yes indeed! My grandma always told me that every day above ground was a great day. Enjoy." ~ Solomon
I don't tweet as much as I used too.
JJ Redick throwing down a measly 12 and 6 in a big w before the all star break
Hey it's all good Tom, I'm stoked to hear u guys are working hard on the new album! My twin sis & I love ya bunches <3
Made buffalo chicken pizza and now watching #2andahalfmen love this show.
OK...my butt is numb from sitting for so long. LOL.
Good Morning Twitter! What's for breakfast today?
happy birthday geo hope you have a great birthday and #ThankYouGeo hope you live to be 2590065820260 years old
I hear ya. But, how do you manage your timeline? I already have 700 tweets every time I check!
ahh! this is on my list - now it's at the top, thx
What's better than supporting your favorite museum? Getting your holiday shopping done early at the same time. Museum stores FTW.
C'mon #NYGiants! Time to put things in CRUZ control!
'Cause there's just one life to live and there's no time to waste.
Slow family makes you late for things.
i love it when you call me Big Papa
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Play Alganon
Is Vinny doing a Ustream? Or is g just uploading a video? Anyone know? ;)
OH CRAP!!!!! Wow. I agree w/ everyone BUT Greg. Vo2 is a great predictor of lots of things.
Birthday Wishes to you today mate #LoveYou You share a birthday with the most AMAZING man in my life #MYDAD He's 50 today !!!
I just did it, too.
Can't believe Idol. That was total crap. I sense another Lambert/Hudson/Daughtry where the real winner just lost. Bo!
Startling Birth Control Ad for Pets: Parents of teens know that at that certain age they can’t avoid having the dreaded “sex talk” ...
Keef's letting me go to #IKEA next weekend after weeks of begging. Now that we are finally in the house it's a YES! I'm tap dancing with joy
Been following u since the first BizNasty shout out. How bout some new kicks for an up and coming beer-league all star goalie?
yeah, a lot of fun
this is a bit overdue, but thanks for throwing a great NYE party!
Avengers oh yeah!
K talk to you than!
Just got home from chillen with the Besty went to choochoos n watched some family guy was a fun night :)
psssstt I love you too :)
Im finna be lame and rep my high school hahaha
lmao yeah something wrong with that guy...
<U+FFFD>onehappystoner: It would be awesome if they had those coupos... buy 1 gram get one free.<U+FFFD> I feel ya lol
When life gives you lemons fuck a homeless guy!!!!
I cant decide between The Muppets or Girl with the dragon tattoo bluray.
Refs calling everything in an attempt to keep #NYR and #Sens game under control. If score is 1 sided, could be trouble
My hand is my best friend. Whoever said dogs are a mans best friend lied, because my dog can't jack me off like my hand does!
I love designing logo's.
not only would i retweet you more often, but i would have to follow you on instagram
Goin to my grans cause her daughter is movin out n she's a bitch hahaha my life
Should the #Celtics and #Heat advance (more of a when rather than if), you can bet ECF games will have final scores in the upper 40s.
hate the #16 bus more than anything. even the green line D train.
I'm feeling we should both be free. (*^<U+FE4F>^*)
I talk to my teacher like I'm talking to my friend.
"they say i need some rogaine to put in my hair..." "...because he's BALD!" i love my brother LMFAOO.
Game Prediction: Career ending injury and a lovable new meme! ( I'm looking at you Madonna)
nice. I'm going to the exhibition tomorrow.
Yea.I don't know how to lie.but I really do miss the days.but you once ask me to move on.so I will
Took this long?
Let's hope that this matinee game is not like the recent ones.
haha wants them to cancel too.
so your boy retweeted me ;)
Reserve your right to think, for even to think wrongly is better than not to think at all -Hypatia of Alexandria
Uh...what?
We stay runnin into people at georgetown
Speaking of hemming denim, which length do you usually choose: to wear with flats or with heels?
I hate falling asleep on the couch, esp so damn early... I'm hungry and thirsty now! LOL
Sorry everyone for my depressing tweets..
We haven't released an official day yet but we are working on it. Thanks :)
Bread and water for days
Thanks and for letting us be part of an amazing event last night! Looking forward to doing it again tonight.
My wife is a sex object - every time I ask for sex, she objects.
I kissed Harry because I love Wagner. Perfect
Thanks, David :)
I am trying to catch up on my homework right now. Say supercalifragilisticexpealidocious. 3times fast.
Justin Give Us Jerry Give us the whole thing.HAHAHA
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage. I'm afraid it did. OOPS!!!
Linux is a fine OS use the tools that get the job done.
Getting so much inspiration from art fairs this weekend, now it's time to take it to the canvas!
: If anyone needs 500 FREE Business Cards or 500 FREE Postcards come check us out www.800printingnyc.com today
about not caring who wins the games tonight. You are pissed no matter who wins because you bum ass raiders are out.
Rumor is a new alt uniform too, possibly one that's gray. Hope they save that for away games, not for rainy home games.
yo fam don't get too fried and stare at the fire!!
Happy Birthday, Supersonic!
I would certainly eat her up! ;)
Go-Go girl Wendy Bushman will be dancing on the speakers tonight at
"that strains credulity."
This was the fifth unionization effort at the U.
Dell Children's last night and then Circle C Dems tonight! Good times!
“: On the way to Ohio with #fun” #yay sleeping<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
lmao I was kidding too? Like you 2 are my favorite other then lindsay and mary they fit in too?!
don't try and accuse people of being a lesbian when their not! Like you.
im kidding! I figured "welcome back" is getting over-used so I wanted to change it up a little :P I love you <3
That's NOT ok. At all. AT. Fucking. All.
LA traffic is a bitch. Cmon already. Drive!
hey hey
Ready for Sunday dinner with the people I love.... Grandma goin in :)
I asked my daughter to cut an inch off my hair... long story short, (along with my hair) anyone have the # for locks of love?
All the nappy head hoes.. why do u go on national tv with ur heads like that?!
After regulation we're tied at 1-1. Both and OKC will head to overtime.
GREY'S ANATOMY IN CLASS = <3
Receiving a card in the mail can lift someone's spirits! Check out
Thank you for the follow!
I need a new case for my phone!
$tay tuned for our next conte$t! Major $$$ to be won!
Don't worry followers of (me) this no life tweeting is only for today!!!
Of to dinner with the family. Weekends are family time for Dr. Sue.
As soon as I get a new tire, I am headed to the Legends of Excellence Brunch sponsored by the UMBC Black & Latino Alumni Chapter.
As I am slightly opposed to hunting. I am job investigating today.
look at
Some times I feel bad for being such a b!&($ but today isn't one of those, I'm actually giving myself a pat on the back
that sounds like a great discussion
1776, and proposed by Swiss artist Pierre Eugene du Simitiere
You punched me in the boob! Prepare to die, obviously!
The Greatest Sport invented has returned!! The #Lockout is Over! Finally Football is back!!!
RT : Delivering Wholesome, Sustainable And Affordable Food w/
Driving around listening to Ex Lives with and Things are right in the world
Been writing a software user manual all morning. What did I miss?
LOL! I thought I would throw my pet peeves out as well. Glad we got that cleared up. Hehehe!
Girlfriend ion wan none I already smashed her
you still have mee!(:
Where is
isn't it beautiful right now? You picked the right time to visit.
Why can't I always feel like I'm on a 5 hour energy drink!!
Jeannine, how did I miss you at #smcsea? Great crowd, but would love to have caught up. Lunch soon? :)
who could ever forget uh
about time! Italians had to get familiar with words like "bunga bunga" + "burlesque" in order to trigger some sort of reaction
Just found out that not only is September 19th my bday, but it's also national talk like a pirate day. Score! Hardyharhar
oh justin Beliebers is that all we are waiting for your beautiful left wing video
chicken strips, french fries and a cookie for $4? um. yes please! hurrah for buying lunch at work!
It's always a fun challenge to assign a class number to a document I completely don't understand.
That last tweet, was the title of Fiona Apple's new album coming out in June! I can't wait! Give me it now! <3
tweet while you eat!! RT : I need some in my life right now!! :)
I'm in a corner hiding from my band teacher haha
Don't watch me, watch tv.
We serve Happy Hour Tonight from 5:30-6:30pm. How about some Gluten Free Gnocchi with House Cured Pancetta & parsley Pesto HH wine only $6
can I get a RT I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas, it would a be awesome coming from a Viking from Texas
#BestPickUpLines "I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be?"
l o l
hi! Thank you. Glad (but confused) to be here!
The weirdest things bring people closer together.
Anti-choice audience member shouts "Soap Box!" after Rep. Carney makes a statement without a question.
It's only 11:30, shoot me
Reading the tweets from #marac is almost as good as being there!
pretty good! So glad to be done!
you are bionic. Can't wait to finally see you tomorrow!
Good morning mi #gente !!
doing the run around #ireland!
Highlight of #saa10: meeting John Slate, who played Conspiracy A-Go-Go Author in movie Slacker.He's an archivist at Dallas City Archives.Wow
And the bus is broken down...
sent me to follow you :)!
Pizza. Coffee. Presents. Friends. Rad times.
Today is a brunch and mimosa day. Yum!
Weak foul call. Walker heating up.
: If you have a suggestion that you think would play well at our theatre, email:
Sometimes the easiest things to hold on are hardest to let go.
Lucid dreams during a long night of food poisoning: setting breakpoints in vomit, refactoring intestinal functions.
Its raining!! At least its not snowing ;)
I was this close to taking my own life yesterday and ppl wanna fuck with me.....
Tell me what you think? ;)
I miss you too cutie ;*
I'm on a less than 3 hour turnaround of sleep! Oi! Thanks to shooting with today! (which I am happy to do, but sleep deprived)
they should! It's the most popular android tablet out there. (I know it will never happen)
Thinking fondly of the champ cans at home in my refrigerator.
Does your Audi need some new rubber? Get a free alignment when you purchase a full set of tires here at Walter's Audi....
Basketball game! :)
not even guest, just replaying clip from show on air before him in Birmingham.
« i wish i was a nicer person.»
305 plus friends!
doubt it as well, but he seems to be overly optimistic.
Our webinars are recorded, we'll post the link to the archive a couple days after. Thanks for your interest!
I wish I wrote with my left hand.. haha
Did you know that is an Elavon Pymts Partner & Registered MSP/ISO of Elavon,Inc? That is how we process credit cards for Providers
April unemployment numbers out tomorrow at 8:30amET. Economists forecast unemployment rate to hold at 8.2 percent.
Hello, I Loaf You
hahaha uve got to be kidding I can hardly count xD
Arizona and hot fries sound mighty fire rite now
Can't believe I gave an essay assignment first day back to school.
Work it, Black Jesus
Landed in #ATL last night, driving up to East TN shortly with bff to see the fam. If you don't hear from me, send a rescue.
thanks for the RT!
whether it's Weeden or Colt it's year 2 in the new offense with the new regime time 2 win
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
how did i know you were about to say something though.... ew. an asian kid named paisley??
Had no idea that the Music Center stood in for Rome!
Science is not a sacred cow. Science is a horse. Don't worship it. Feed it.
ahaha, I gotcha. But some advice: dont run long distance. I did so much at school JACKED MY LEGS UP #BAD. they got so weak
All of my friends go to parties, while I stay home and listen to songs about parties
<3_<3 you are what I call amazing!
lmao u telling me the colors and everything
Elite manufacturer of site furnishings, Dawn Enterprises, introduces their new Vineyard Concrete Garden Bench, the latest addition to the
Yea. Even a Best Buy might carry it if you have one in town. Mainly Amazon is a good site to find it.
clueless on tv & the crap they say. There's a reason they r on the tv & not running $$ anymore
Think big. Stay motivated, confident and network.
The bear was new to me.
“: song of the day: TRY A LITTLE TENDERNESS - OTIS REDDING” good call Rob
I mean come on I have seen the cave episode of Planet Earth there is pretty much no way I am ever going to believe there is a god
RT : Super interested in 's panel on social + mobile commerce
Everyone please keep Haiti in your prayers I have family members and friends that I cannot get through to! Pray for us in the difficult time
GC still hires and makes the decision on what law firms on panels, but they are not alone. Procurement Departmnets ARE buyers.
follow back
Gallery is taking longer then expected to complete the new theme, so will not be done until tomorrow now!
#3WordsOfAdvice life goes on.
give me a challenge. make me work.
It's overrated there.
Phone on E
great info. Will be measuring steps from listing to key #Stapleton landmarks.
get to school there are free socks.
#IWishYouKnew How happy it makes me when I get to call you mine
RT : Stop in today for a Brat Rueben, The Adler Fajita Pizza or tonights Crab Boil Dinner!!
We are tearing up Duffys Bar right now thank you for all the Q CREW coming out this means so much to Q Crew Radio.
And that's why I love you.
SALT was actually good!
New reason to love my apartment: the wedding happening in my backyard
great article. Except Hollande - apart from Mayor - is the equivalent of a US Governor. A small 'state', Corrèze, but still
The actual HBP of Braun, the expected retribution, pulling Wright over it. Probably more. RT : 3 levels? Name them!
Oh how wonderful! Hooray!
Does anyone know of anybody looking for a female mechanic? If so, please DM me asap. Thanks
Had to say this: Everyone say a prayer for the Hopeless & the ones who think they got it all together, still need the Heavenly Father... Gn!
yes of course!!! They are the biggest impediment to cleanliness!!!
I love days like today, when it's all work and no breaks and I don't even notice because it's so engrossing.
Truth! RT Wounds become wings, depths become heights, all is an opportunity for your life to take flight! ~
Sunrise Homes Tampa releasing new plans this wkend at WaldenPointe & Limona; easy to do with touchscreen & print on-demand brochures!
RT : RT : Brightcove expected to price shares tomorrow, go public on Friday.
At KFC with my daughter before her drivers ed class
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
I am envious!!
Doesof_pink3 is chasing me around the house with a knife.
Broken lover, yes I made u believe that I would be the one to heal u
The Cure for Everything author Timothy Caulfield here to sign & do Q&A Wed., 4-25, 2 p.m., Ward 2. Co-sponsored with
Happy Monday art world! I am working on some incredible new pieces, and I would love to work with architects and interior designers DM me.
I love us
Thanks for the follow, I will have to check out your ebay store.
yamel why didn't you tell me so I coulda gone with you to the party to hold your phone and keep an eye on you.0_o
You can't force somebody to love you.
Thanks for sharing! the others have a few valid points, but the lab-grown meat is just bizarre. I can't believe its winning!
Congrats to our friends for their Best Small Ensemble Performance Grammy ("Lonely Motel: Music from Slide")!
Grossman has been, well, gross.
I was thinking the same thing!!!
Lets stop talkin, lets get to it, lets fall in love #SecretLife :)
S/O to for winning his third MVP Award
i jus realized one of my best grandads is gone
Now, girls hit puberty at 10 years
lol. No I miss sleeping in, getting high all day and stayin up all night. I partied for like 2months when I SA unemployed
yep... I'm only 43% through, but it's been great. If you finish before me, don't tell me how it ends.
Blue balls clinic
accident I-94 wb just west of Grandview, Wauk, fire engine & police there
Basketball one day, soccer the next. My body is destroyed. Combo of getting old and being out of shape.
I guess George Washington, Martin L. King, Gandhi were venting. Progress of society not dependent on sycophants, but critics.
Happy Easter all
#TEAMYCB SUPPORTS #MILLIONHOODIES ... SUPPORT WITH YOUR CITY/STATE ... TWEET YOURSELF IN YOUR HOODIE
She saw Jon Hamm while on set. For SOME REASON she didn't give him my number. Sigh.
Wow, I've been a bad summer tweeter. I guess I say that every few months.
Anyone know what Bonnie raised yet?
oh my god hannah. <3
haha, your So-Cal arse will whine in December
Wow no show lmao I hate u
#mpialoha getting ready to speak for the MPI Aloha chapter. Tech trend. Looking forward to it!
Our team is growing
Well,it was a nice week and a half while it lasted..
a halter top with high waisted pants! But I have long hair so it covered it and I had a tanktop under it
chinese proverb:Read Python and not only fear the new python in florida's everglades learn how to be an unbelievable lover
Union wins! State champs!
I, personally, did not embrace that day.
Great job Georgia, you guys made me lose 50 dollars tonight. You should be ashamed of yourselves!
Watching the Freedom Riders with 7 & 8th graders. Very inspiring!
Yes, it did. Didn't you get the mailer? They posted it early.
hahaha. yea. but its boring. :P
Somewhere, Sandra Bullock is cursing at her tv.
I'd rather be crazy. I'd rather go insane, than having you stalk my every thought, than having you here inside my heart.
Then you can eat your ice cream and cry about your problems haha.
ughh super tired but cant sleep:/
YOU ARE LUCKY ! my life is so boring now and days...i dont even have a valentine
Nice to meet you - thanks for the intros!
welcome on board and thx for being on the team.
Taylor Green!!
#DailyQuote: "No one appreciates the very special genius of your conversation as the dog does." - Christopher Morley
how goes it today??
Thanks for the RT!
3 lessons from the Shirley Sherrod fiasco: 1. There needs to be an honest, open discussion on the subject of race in America.
MT : #Romney speech at #Liberty was historic moment. Highest-profile attempt yet to bridge Mormonism, rival faiths
So day is finally coming together. I finally got us lights for
Yikes, watch out for zombies tonight!! BewareThe
Only Asian in the room.
"yeah" "lol" and "okay" are such conversation enders.
Great chat everyone! Have a great week!!
Can you pleasee follow me??? I love you Peyton (:
Love the smell of roasting a red pepper.
People look you dead in the face but don't speak:-)
agreed, but it is up to nhl to change that. They need to get espn to buy in. Make it cheap 4 espn. It will payoff in longrun
ty for following <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I got a Cali Burrito and it has no fries in it? What the hell?
Hi Alex:)
Got a descent grade in math.
Bristol Palin giving advice on marriage and families is like Keith Richards giving advice on sobriety
Gasp! You mean it's not? Haha... ;)
If you could, you would like to participate, but you enjoy watching sports
RT RT : Ron Paul would probably like to open a chain of segregated opium dens.
i'm such a terrible person...just remembered something, & i still can't believe i said that..wtf is wrong with me ? #thisneedstostop /:
& Lina -- looks forward to seeing #SocEnt #Wednesdays spread to #DC #community!
Mitt Romney...it's not about the money anymore. It's about satiating your egoism at the expense of Democracy....you pretentious equivocator
why no chocolate? i tweeted about it!
BOOSIE IS FREE! REJOICE!!
A Steelers' source tells me that they are trying to get Tebow from the J-E-T-S.
No! That's the misconception we're trying to dispel. Local broadcast will be on Root Sports(FSN) But tomorrow is FSC only, right?
Yeah. At least an hour.
which guy is he?
*cough* i would like a tweet please. :) *cough*
Good bike ride. I can officially start my diet now. :D
Tomorrow Night 8pm: Avengers vs X-Men 1 release party! Come for the variant covers, posters, and buttons. Stay for the cake
SEE WHAT I MEAN!!!! Vince Carter is hated by the basketball GODS. I have no IDEA WHY!
At Patti Kreb's life celebration at Qualcomm. She was a wonderful light & will be missed. RIP, Patti!!!
11 more minutes till BIRTHDAY SO exited YeAh BuDdY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!XOXOXOXOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOXOXOOOXOOXOOOOOOOOOOOOO
. . everybody retweet. save independently wealthy mac types, tho your day, too, will come. #macmyth #adding 'dots
thanks for the HTs, though I did have to look up what that meant. :-)
Arrived at Vegas for VMWorld. If you're around, ping me.
RT: “: The (formerly) Snooty Fox parking lot now taken over by 3 women throwing a medicine ball as another woman yells 'Faster!"
True, but He will need that money for the civil law suit Trayvon's parents will file for wrongful death of their son.
Heading to #IMS for opening day in a little bit! You can head out for all the fun, too! Gates open at 10 a.m.
Tired but knt go 2 sleep
there *should* be nothing embarrassing about self-care
"It's cuz I'm not skinny like dem otha females huh?!?! "............I love American Idol!!!
Just saw #WeNeedToTalkAboutKevin. It was a really good movie. Kevin is fucked up. Worth a watch for sure.
you make a valid point. Haha
"leave me alone!!!' *leaving* "wait!!! where are you going!?"
Thinking I might try to maintain a crazy sleep schedule play live in Vegas on the graveyard shift. Games last night were ridiculous.
Back stage at #dscc11 after morning session. Looking fwd to Steven Shaprio and what should be a great customer panel. Thanx to our speakers!
Why do you care?
RAJI is making my day
Love all the things you're doing to engage people in writing!
This is from aliasa.
Put some fire on the wood... Wait what? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm still Trippin out over the tupac coachella performance/show
I'd be happy to sing any of our songs for you until the fall if you'd like!
son it's probably in the book
Hey Mark, would love to give this a spin and write up a review on a tech blog. Any way to get a download code?
Mavericks step up big time in game 1 win against Lakers
I have a direct line to a hiring manager in NJ for an Ab Initio Developer role. Qualified candidates will be moved on quickly. Thanks!
Who's waiting in line to get their new iphone?
gotta make the most of the time i have....i've been slacking big time
Don't be afraid.. You're already dead.
Remember that, scintillating conversations are made, not born.
Gonna try next weekend as we prep for our big event to help #kidswithcancer!
<U+200E>"You must dare to disassociate yourself from those who would delay your journey." ~Vernon Howard (via )
Phantom blow to the head call?
Doing nothing for first period >>>
The people of Applebees were not impressed by Steven Tyler's rendition of the national anthem.
Fcat day for today and tomorrow. I am ready for whatever today brings me.
Who! Fierce!
Just Came back From The Beach, Got A Nice Tan(:
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 13
Their fries are WAY too good.
it's called a wire transfer and a grocery store lol
Ain't been on this shit for a minute.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
This has been a great tournament. Last couple years were not as exciting as normal. Loving this!
#nowwatching Glee :D
oh i know its been way too long. We gotta go out sometime and do some catching up :)
Lol, she is..and I do, lol RT shush ur daughter look mixed ii know u like blk king kong
good luck, Kentucky may not have been the right place for you but I hope you succeed in basketball some where
pretty sick dude, congrats
So true
White Dress will always be a favorite.
I'm glad you're better. I haven't put that book down...can you say "all consuming desire to find out what happens next"?
oops, didn't see Brees broke the record last night.
GREAT IDEA! Except without the lemon. So just chocolate milkshakes basically!
I wanna Kick your Ass!!
u lucky little beach!! :P
Yes, I was up and noticed it did go the other way so I've adjusted to long
Idk if i wanna go the junior prom...since senior prom is the most important
what are you looking for? DM me.
Great Hair!
all good bro. Just wanted to clarify.
IE7 is the new IE6...can we all just stop using Internet Explorer please?
my devs are building your #software into my #app! can't wait to use it.
All my respect for the Defenders. Did the initial tweet mention them? 3 Kingwood Classic Champions & Vegas, plus your SIB stuff.
Still in La Crosse for another hour at the main library! We've seen 100 people and one man with $13,000 coming back to him!
bahahah i love you sweet thang :)
My new follower avi>>>>>
Now that you're the mayor, can we expect big changes?
so uhm... I came down for you... And ya left me hangin.
burning 550 calories before 6am = an amazing feeling. I love kenpo x :)
I see a lot of nodding in here. is killing her session!
all of you who is hating on & your just wasting time your stressing it an their over here laughing at u guys :D
BEST EPISODE OF SECRET LIFE EVER!!! gonna be done crazy drama when it picks back up. Crazy little hoes!
if you don't make a record after #idol I'll find you!! ;) way to rock it, and stay you!
i feel so bad for that girl...the bus just drove off on her...!!
Obese ladies wearing those sketchers that are supposed to work out yr ass is a real bummer
I'll DM you right now, check it in a min.
You are healed when you can say to yourself, <U+0093>I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.<U+0094>
nothing better than the teary gag eyes lmao
Need to start tweeting again.
& Harden & Sefolosha & Ibaka... Perkins out RT : The only way the Lakers stop OKC if the put a bounty out on westbeook & KD.
Already did....I guess we'll talk sometime
Crazy exciting week!!!!
showin love to a fellow youtubadoober! happy birthday !
Tiger needs to stop kidding around
if you treat me right . ill treat you better . anyone that really knows me can vouch to that ! <3 down like 4 flat tires <3
Happy Bella day!!! Can't wait to spend another magical weekend with all my lovers and friends. See you at home!
Tough. All sound lovely.
and now i wanna watch crazy/beautiful
Pollen'Cast! EEk.. today hitting high around 10.2 ..but are you ready? A huge decline by tomorrow at only 6.8 ..some major relief!
10% off any services today when you mention Twitter
Follow the network!
you working today?
Maybe you should have gotten that instead of FCPX for $350 with a student discount?
He didn't know who Julian was so hes like who's that? Someones missing. I love you. Sjdkxjdjnd
cute! love the old man cardigan.
it was a few weeks ago. I have it down perfectly
I'm doing this too, bitches. #TDKRvirgins (PS I just drew the best thing ever for JRP.)
WH and I think Chris should have sung "Who Wants to Live Forever" by Queen.
Finalizing design of some of the finer points of the #webservius accounting system for paid API subscriptions - trickier than it seems...
Gym time or Wha!
we closed 2 public tonight
ready to start! Froggy Blues, 10 American Way, Monroe OH (I-75 exit 29)
we cant be exempt until 2nd semester senior year..
I'm not sure that I have either. And my Emma would protest a movie made so early in the 1900s :)
Ever tried Nomadic Ethiopian food? We're bringing in Radio Africa & Kitchen on Thursday. Come have a bite with us!
I think it would be a shame if we ended up an 8 and the reality of it is we will probably be somewhere in between."
well, found me on heytell so its pretty easy
One thing I have learned is time flies when your having fun!
Thanks so much for the RT!
Stop. Consciously relax the space between your eyes. Breathe.
Calm down dad -.-
RT To follow/contribute to promoting Google Fiber to #madison, use hashtag #madfiber or follow
Yep. I set em up, and everybody else knocks em down.
Risk Transfer will be at Executive Forum 2012 at Red Rock booth
It has been a pleasure serving parents and students as PTA president this year.
Senioritis: crippling disease that strikes seniors. Symptoms: laziness,excessive wearing of sweatpants/sweatshirts. Cure= Graduation.
I like!
Open Mic tonight...Smoot Mahooty Friday & Saturday nights...Come on down!
are you not going to school??
Orchestra concert wensday... Final concert of the year. #ThisShouldBeFun ^.^
BOOZLE MA NOOZLE! see you later girl. YOU BETTER rap with me tonight since you know, will be nowhere to be found
Soft ass mom
if election were today, Jamaal would win.
haha that's good. Had me worried there. But not I just feel stupid lol
I'm on a search committee for my school looking for new teachers, I always ask about how they use SM to enhance their practice
Morning Rockstars! > Life, in all ranks and situations, is an outward occupation, an actual and active work. - W. Humboldt
Listened to the Sisters podcast and they mentioned working with my special education teacher, Janet... Can't wait to see the video!
I actually really like this idea.
Keep shorting China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan stock markets.
Happy Birthday !
Please Lord protect us from each other
C'mon. We all know the bipolar FSU team was just waiting to come out.
thanks mama! Happy Mother's day ; ) miss and love you too! Have a lovely day!
There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity.
i dont even know where to begin haha
because you like to hit girls
I'm always a fan of onions in scrambled eggs, but otherwise I'd keep it simple.
Well Happy NATO! Cops everywhere. Chicago is gunna be a hot mess.
#signsurahoodratmother Your 4 year old can roll his own joint.
You made it!!
The NCTE_CCCC twitter acct has used #cccc12, so is that official?
Saying "YOUR WELCOME!!!" really loudly when people don't thank you.
Ah!!!! I'm jumping up and down in the dressing room, so stoked about the Video of the Year award!!! Thank you! Thank you! You guys...!
Why not?? <U+E416> RT : I jus dont have anythin to say to you
lol lol you gave them a show now its my turn....
this ish is cray as the kids say.
Still enjoyed it immensely, and was surprised by the performances of Banks and Tucci (a character I didn't care for much in the books).
What has two thumbs and is totally exhausted from a long day at work? THIS gu...z
Cool. #firstdrafts RT : Love to tweet? Love craft #beer? Then join us TONIGHT 7-8p CST for an online conversation.
#shmoocon talk rejected. Probably should have picked a con with less competition for my first talk. At least I have a ticket. :)
Great article by Catherine on sustainablity.Helping me to understand how to up the quality and preserve my petinaed leather
oh btw, i finally got around to reading some #kurtvonnegut...he's genius
My pleasure!
"cHECKOUt" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
oh okay
Great call by the ump on the Dog-Ass lowlife Mutts racist pitcher.
we love you more! ;) <3
I wish u guys could hear the vocal warm-ups being done in the room next door! I'm terrified...then I remember I do the exact same ones.
Bitter cold to grip Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Regions thru Weds. Wind chills could dip as low -20°F at times (esp at night/early am).
If I had hair, I wouldn't be bald.
I knoww it sucks..a lot-.-
your fuckin fake. fake, fak, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake, fake. GET A LIFE MUTHAA FUCKAA
I literally lol'd at that. Nothing wrong with a little confidence tho! Maybe borderline conceited but meh could be worse
I Swear Iz Satin's Child Diz Bytch Keep Up SO Much BullShyt On Diz Show.
Lol. That's the right thing to do...
works in a fish shop as odor :DD
Just finished playtesting online game with great group of Carver High students in Houston. Thanks to Betsy Breier/Houston A+
Oh my i'm so heart break right now. mY B_Day hello why are you my friend!
Watchin wrong turn 4 i am so scared:((_____________:((
how is this so?
I died my hair dark brown!:)
Today is get sh1t done (GSD) day. If you don't have a degree in GSD then you need to start today. -Zach Marcy
Question...What kind of vitamins would you like to see on our website? Let us know!
I sleep with a nightlight
The very simple fact at the heart of the Tommy Rees arrest: The young man still doesn't make good decisions.
"People saw how strong I was and thought I was out of shape." No, people thought that cause you were, and fat.
I love people who make dreams come true<3(;
Huffpo bloggers have consistently shown themselves out of the loop and inept in every way possible. Shocking for a Yahoo! site, right?
I am great! Thank you for asking. Looking forward to your tweets.
I've met/seen you one time ever in my life. I'm not your "bitch :)".
So what if everybody is at SXSW. I'm at snack by snack west.
I'm definitely bringing something store bought to the work xmas potluck but not potato salad. Curse the person who brings potato salad.
Thanks for all the love. I made the first cut! Round 2 next Sunday.
True confession: I only know enough sign language to say that I know sign language.
middle school dance. kids are too cute.
I'm going to miss after we graduate.
I need a blanket.
what is pyroxene in laymans terms?
Nigga what the fuck happen to u!?
Got to share the stage with Kenny Loggins last night!!!
Sure, good luck with that. No rush. Eric
Or just have a different opinion.
RT : Haah #MW3 won best shooter. I'm not mad but #BF3 definitely deserved some shine.
When the police are in riot gear and holding weapons to protect rich people... are they really part of the 99%?
stuntin is a is a habit
Thanks so much to everyone who supported and attended our Special Needs Resource Fair yesterday. Who did you meet? What did you learn?
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when I'm with you, it all is worth it.
Are you watching this show?
Its a vanilla sky!
work in the am! Make dat money son...don't let it make you! Night world
I've been a member since Nola
god dam i jammed my knee during football i wonder if i can play nxt game
Getting psychologically ready to get my wisdom teeth removed tomorrow while watching the Vampire Diaries. Yes, I watch that shit.
Love never fails; Character never quits; & with patience & persistence; Dreams do come true. -Pete Maravich
following You
totally good-weird, though...right?
Agree, ! has hired writers, tech analysts, trainers, program mgrs--all librarians, and all impeccably smart and talented.
Countdown to something new and exciting for Dearly Departed Tours! (Hint: you can't have a crime scene without a street address.)
I called you back. >_<
Working with a Bible from 1572 right now.
#RangersForTheWin there my team so GO RANGERS
At least moms getting me subway! <U+263A>
#BasketballProblems when u run the play star and totally forget that u have to make a layup.
Jesus Is My Virtue <U+266B><U+266B>
someone who's real.... "playable" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Texas up to midfield, but the clock is ticking....
June sounds great, late June. Gotta trip to Seattle early june
Bringing a sign to tonight's game that says "Wizards, shoot the ball, not each other. Thank you."
So tell me about those dreams of me you where having last nite!
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Congratulations to all of the new alumni in Central Florida who are graduating on Saturday!
Eating churros at La Churrerio on Mulberry St. Happy camper in NY!
senior religion life lessons I learn from the best
what's sunday?
RT “: *excited* is about to cook these steaks ! I been waiting on this all day:)." < owwww Chefgirlrdri! Lmaox
LookBackMaps and associated sites are currently down & we are tracking on status.
Good Luck
I am waiting for Revenge! lol
O them fightin words! I have many come backs but ill be nice :) We seein you tonight?
#ThePreperation Its almost time... #StarGang Till Death....
RT : thank u baby *muwah* <<<You already know!
maybe 15 minutes?
Another warm race day. is gonna show us how it's done!
Gradventure was fun <3 but now I can't sleep and my back hurts, wtf is wrong with my life? Lol.
Just made a sandwich with what I thought was fake veggie turkey but what was actually uncooked wonton wrappers. It tasted about the same.
Twitbird is acting up. I need a better twitter app
If your a Gamer click on the Evil Controller Ad at the bottom of the page. They have some kick ass controllers/ http:www.myhelpfullinks.info
2012 film watching! #33. The Toolbox Murders (Donnelly, 1978). Very rediculous horror film. It made me laugh quite a bit.
Month of May-hem
#askvinny WILL YOU LET ME BUY YOU A PET KANGAROO?
see why happens when you graduate! I told you not to do it!
Happy birthday to my idol my wish is to do a song with you.
Do you mean, driving immediately after a pin & skip? I love the decoy motion idea - keeps the D honest.
congrats girl :))
Good stuff! RT gearing up for first day of work on #happilydivorced - looking forward, should be fun!
Happy Labor Day to all. Special THANKS to all those in the labor movement who help(ed) make our society & movement what they are today
Walking on the beach
Thanks! Def want a bike but waiting until the good deals some around. Wish you still had your tent sales in #ROC well Macedon.
Wait, isn't that a t-shirt at U of C?
Happy August Hoyas! We'll be holding fall auditions in early September so keep a look out for dates to come! /yd
Your feedback is great, and we are working hard on getting our next issue retina ready. we hope you enjoy Installation Mag
just landed!!! Can't wait to see you tomorrow 2nd period!
they will praise you only if you turn the dead kittens into a high fashion dress afterwards and wear it to an awards show.
I understand that the 155 class is the most hungry and promising but peeps seem ready to throw you back in asap! #supchamp?
Jay-Z's Life + Times Site: 10 Ways To Make It More HOV
One long month. If not more
2013 6'3 Post, Emily Gustafson is done for the year w/a torn ACL. She was progressing very well, hate 2 c a kid get hurt like that!
Good day tweets! Hope everyone is doing good!
Our CO. needs serious investors or people who know investors..$2,750,000 in commission to be shared.
Hi HT Cute ktty Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
We will be holding an information session at Trinity Washington University this Thursday at 12 pm. Email to learn more!
i think we have ourselves a deal then
When I'm writing, I know I'm doing the thing I was born to do. -Anne Sexton
Girls you need to pierce your ears once and stretch them and not pierce each ear like 8 times.
Hey!;) Thanks for the follow!<U+E405>
#weak!!! You better believe it. Bout to be rich up in here! Lolol
Refs continue to hate caps
Artograph is sponsoring the 17th Annual Cray-Pas Wonderful, Colorful World Contest. www.sakuraofamerica.com/Craypas-Art-Contest
Sending Valentine love to all of you from Safe & Sound!
Wow you are stunning. I see why told the twitterverse to ask you out.
better bring your p-bone...
Limbaugh's right-should see people on medications using them. Watching a bloated man spin out of control on pain killers is gr8
That awkward moment when a hot couple has the ugliest kids..
Your mind is much more powerful than anyone's opinion. Be true to yourself....
Day is cloudy.. :-) Thanks...for asking
I LOVE NEW YORK CITY BUT ITS COLD!!!
Send me link so I can check yall out bra bra.
y'all str8 stupid
Yes I do, I make videos every once in awhile to perfect my voice & i upload them
You know it.
Looking forward to my presentation today with www.guardmyhealth.com - all about social media
It was perfect weather, perfect setting. We had a blast!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose!
But they're playing of Montreal so I'm gonna stay
ICE THE GAME!
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Yo mama's so stupid she can't pass a blood test.
joy of discovering a new technique to recover swallowing muscles in chronic neurlogical conditions.
#DontBother when I'm sleeping. If you do, it's no my fault when you get hurt or stop breathing.
Yes, UTD! I was in your Intro to Film a few years ago; my focus was Holocaust. Well, still is.
unreal. i cant even walk around. but i might get the bike out to the grocery store later. should be interesting
Freelance writing for tonight. Veronica's Peoples Club in Greenpoint. Woo hoo!
looks like its gonna be surgery
"What you are aware of you are in control of; what you are not aware of is in control of you ~Anthony de Mello: Was a priest, spirituality
Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right & stop stressing about the ones who don't.
exactly a year since graduation...
Owe, dat workout felt good to me! #showerflow bbl
Thanks! same here
RT : Please show Tannehill's wife.....please show Tannehill's wife......SAY PRETTY PLEASE!!!!
": If you drink enough, your brain starts photoshopping people."
Yeah, I know, did you read the garbage they said in the article? They are just pure filth.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE
so oh well
If you SEM campaign is larger than 20% or your total marketing budget, you have never experienced the benefits of a successful SEO results.
Great work - 10th year as anchor team. Past WISE Woman of the Year award winner!
nah son
massagers! Get it right.
www.platinumposts.com Get News About your favorite Music artists and tv stars REMEMBER WHERE YOU HEARD IT FIRST www.platinumposts.com
why have I not seen you guys? Im here!
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions. ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
word? let me know the next time ya'll do that. i'll be there.
RT My thoughts and prayers go out to all of the victims in the Sandusky case.
When will I get to see him <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
why if a Asian came up with the idea ?!
4 real what dey called? R THEY ABOUT MB?CANT WAIT TO SEE(HEY THAT RHYMES XD)#NARLII!
Georgetown advances in the NAIA playoffs after a 21-7 win over visiting Benedictine College.
I pulled out the manischewitz and I'm ready to go!
It honestly hurts every time I see DeMarco Murray's name. Oh what could have been.
,.. this guys is straight tweeting real ass shit.
Dayummmn the NBA made some moves today
The #Tarlton essay has taken on the tone of a manifesto. Didn't expect that.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Like the song! Come to this house!
Thanks for offers. Heard from one of my readers who may do the work. Will keep you in mind!
Guterman: We are good as a society at reacting to problems. We need to be proactive, strategize early.
Reading 'let my people go surfing' by Yvon Chouinard of Now I know why I want to start a business...
Anyone good with CSS? I'm having positioning problems on a vertical navigation menu. :(
this is rigged ;(
can i get some chips with that salsa? nice catch
Thank you. For some reason the map isn't displaying. : /
Dear saints run the ball
happy birthday!
It's just freaky outside right now.
They have transitioned so beautifully as a band. Every song so far has somehow personally touched me.
What an lol end to day 1, we are all told we are to be dealt 1 hand, I get aa in the bb and the sb thinks it will be cute to...
Cross: I think the way you're describing crowding out is really effective. Do you see way to offer DC to current employees as well? CFO: No.
Jobs in the housing market: no job training, immediate employment now, reduce foreclosure rate, retain or increase value in existing homes
- #BORED.... In dha bed just txtinq away.!!
Thinking about your after #cam2012 plans? Join us for happy hour at jupiter in dwnt berkeley from 6:30-8!
i'm looking 4 new workplaces that wnt free health information. I give a gr8 presentation called "your mother was rt, sit up str8!"
me too but mine respinds
RT : Zoning Commission: Student testimony was "very helpful" at #GUCampusPlan hearing.
And then the dog ate the Grinch! Things are looking UP!
Impress Mom this #MothersDay with delicious #homemadesalsa! It only takes 30 seconds to prepare, but we’ll keep that secret between us!
beauty is not only skindeep,inlove wth your mind
as if he will get pre-selected. He is trying to pave the way for his son to run...
happy mother's day to all the outstanding & non-outstanding moms across the world...
Need to transcribe a 45-minute interview and whittle it down to a 10-minute story. Before tomorrow.
ALO - Man Of The World - 10:21 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
If you want to smell like a Mexican roadhouse after lunch, then by all means knock yourself out.
M El Burrito best Mexican food place E-V-E-R!!!
Bout to k.o I got sold out
#someoneiwanttomeet my inpsiration, he's my everything, & i would do ANYTHING to meet him. <3
LOL what did I do now?!
My headache disappeared after getting caffeine in my system. Mom thinks it was a sinus headache. I'm just glad the headache is gone!
Hillary Clinton to Congress: "He's a very smart man but he is unfortunately not bound by the laws and regulations any longer of the US..."
Thanks for blogging about the first ! Love to give you two free tickets to the next event!
Freddie the Shark is at it again - new on my writing prompt blog today. Come write with me :) www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
no problem
is singing at the historic Allerton hotel TONIGHT 7-11pm with a BURNING trio.Free admission, validated parking...drink, eat & applaud. xoxo
Yeah buddy RT Done. With. Law School.
I was gunna drop 20 f-bombs in my status on fb but I forgot both of my younger siblings added me. Fuckkkkkkkkk.
oh, and none of my shifts I registered for are showing up.
Bored as hell
Hittin' the bricks for the first time since my little dizzy spell. Nice and easy... Wish me luck!
I'm among the last few, holding down the fort & not switching to the Facebook timeline until the absolute last moment.
#Mahomie? yes she is so follow her>>>
Really yummy post work out super smoothie: frozen banana, cup of blueberries, cup of fresh orange juice and 3 kale leaves.
Welcome to the Great Northwest! Isn't it beautiful here?
WHERE U LIVE AT
Starting the summer #internship search! QUALIFIED & motivated applicants please email
Glad to hear is back in the Brewers system.
RT: Gr8 leaders ENGAGE those they lead and serve. Theres much to be learned from those around you! Do you lead by engaging others?
Good day, except the rain...
For sure just email it to me when youre done!
Woot woot #Capitals win! What an exciting and awesome finish! :)
Great job Nina! She rocked the interview.
Jumped in the pool without checking the water. I think my manhood disappeared for a moment
Halloweentown is on. Throwback!
what's that...? I feel stupid for asking....
Suggestions for ! best practices database, more access to what's happening around world, address inclusion vs. exclusion
Good stuff!
lol they don't want it bruh!!
Thanks bud, lemme know if you find my keys.
thanks. Where were the donuts???? Lmao.
no before you enter anything.
Tomorrow is the day and have been planning for since January. #getstocked!!
I understand. Try to get some rest.
RT : Someone asked about making sushi. I highly recommend the "Teach Me Sushi" app. Sushi how-to videos.
Can you give a S/O to my 5yr old son named Alex? Hes a big fan of UK. My cuz is Coach Dustin Smith. Thanks!! # BBN
AH DOING SUMMER SOFTBALL!!! I don't give a crap what my dr says about my shoulder, I wanna swing a bat again
Gonna pray long and hard because this is a huge decision, but I think I know what I wanna do with my life
last night was another Hall of Fame performance by our guy Chipper!!!!
similarities between Romney and Pres Obama in a few words
#BICSI Fall Conference just started!
You MUST make the choco cups & take pix- & one for you & one for tochter! :-)
|| you won't be saying that when you see my new pic at 2,000 followers.
lol I heard a kid telling an other kid about his mom lol it was so funny
Of course I will! A flight for you, your brother, and mom?
good point. why doesn't it now?
whats the team you are watching
The trouble with holiday deadlines. Oh so sad.
Hi Amber! I saw you, too. Everything is good, but still job hunting. Hope you're well.
it's not that bad on my 60d
tweeting in class?
Let's please God with what we say & do. "We make it our goal to please him, whether we are at home in the body or away from it."-2 Cor 5:9
#3WordsForYou I Still Care.
Warren Buffet is so minimalist -- truly ahead of his time!
was it fun?
yeah baby ! Im back !:D lol ne ways please help me get some true psanderette followers :) (additional to the ones i have) :)
Twitter would be my choice, followed by Facebook and Google Plus. Twitter provides best engagement w/least time/effort needed.
we can xchange that way!!
Friday May 13th will be your lucky night. follow us for the High Tech High art exhibit of "The Body."
locked in the bathroom
I have no more energy to give a shit.
RT Sometimes God pushes us to our limits. It's because he has greater faith in us than we have in ourselves..
DUNK AND FOUL! GAME TOED AGAIN AND #THUNDER COULD TAKE LEAD!!
In any given moment, do I choose to strengthen the delusion of separation or the truth of connection?-Sharon Salzberg
About to pass out after running home for #MOTD. My fitness is so flipping crap
Thank you for being hilarious & entertaining!
Cant please them all
Oh what a beautiful morning. Oh what a beautiful day! If this is what they call winter, I'll take it come what may! Cold is coming! So what!
this isn't new! We've been talking about this since my child was in school
Word on the street is that Metta "Ron" World Artest Peace just got sponsored by Krafts "Elbow Macaroni" lol
I just saw a black guy in panera
F*ck! That's what I forgot to do! Brit, I'm back!
Its official my flight is booked. Austin here I come!
“: U have started a movement! #TammiThatHoe we fixing the world one slap at a time! Lmao!” I'm lovin it!! LMBO
ill text you.
You're not going to put that comment up so we can all troll him? Wait, that's such a guy solution.
That's good to hear. Just waiting in 2 more months to go to a Dodger games.
is whatever about everything right now
What topic might motivate you to write 250 words for your colleagues on the GSA website?
I just completed a 1.33 mi bike ride in 27:05 using Check out my route in Oklahoma City! soc.li/UUDcaNR
We're sharing your joy in this! Hope all is well! RT What a gorgeous fall day!
Once they start getting to you, they always will.
Nov. 12, 2009 - WWC annual auction fundraiser. We're looking for someone willing to donate a kayak - new or used! Suggestions? Please RT!
you got these dudes wasting their time driving to GB? LMAO
Listening to Ruth Clark - managing mental load; focusing on text and visuals in learning.
Today doesn't have the feel of a Thursday. Feels more like a Monday or Tuesday.
I want some Supra Boots
Amen RT : Dropping all channels except because I hate being forced to watch videos. Did u fire all yr writers?
Better Consciousness tip: People who are achieving better results than you are, will assist you to see things you normally wouldn't see
This waking up early shit is getting old!
So tired after a busy day of a party, shopping and pet supply store fun.
Well today was a big success!! We start another #kitchen #remodel project w/ the proposed #Silestone Koan. Full of Rich Color Excited!!!!
30% OFF OF CLASSES WITH A FREE 18 FOUNDATION PALLET AND 8 PIECE BLUSH SET! PLEASE CONTACT THE STUDIO AT 248-477-5548
how are your farts smelling this morning?
Dude I am a big Rangers fan.
"If the only prayer you ever said in your whole life was 'thank you,' that would suffice." - Meister Eckhart Happy Thanksgiving! Kate
If you're at ALA Midwinter stop by the LexisNexis booth #2329 and check out LexisNexis Academic & LexisNexis Library Express.
What can I say - photog rules! (Actually, you got the photo the right way -my web designer reversed it 4 the page)
Have to admit I appreciate effort that went into troubleshooting interface. It's very friendly. Just suggested coffee.
I Play By My Own Game & Play Off Yo Game
I literally want to post a picture every 5 seconds.
Schweet! thanks for the follow.
"what would you do if you were Selena gomez for a day?" Lou - "look at myself naked" HAHAH
Congrats to everyone getting iPad2 tomorrow!
Finally! RT : Cecil Shorts logs his first NFL catch.
Congrats and good luck!
I love Evelyn.
Leonardo, Donatello, Michaelangelo and... one more... I know it!!! But I always forget the other damn ninja turtle
Latte time!@ BKL
Then, sign the executive order! - "I still believe in you, & I’m asking you to keep believing in me."'
I just wanna be rich and famous already!
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes, you can find me cryin' all of the time.
Hey Lauren, really cute background image!
Make sure that you check out our newly sponsored show, "Comedy Gumbeaux, Life Happens," today on WGSO AM 990 from 3-4PM!
I'll help! Thank You Joan <U+2665>
i have so many ideas for these shirts i wanna make.... i just can't decide which idea to actually do.
Let's hope tonight is as good as last night!
Thanks so much. The SWF download worked great and it showed up in Prezi... you guys rock!
needs to answer his damn phone
Don say all that bullshit to me if u didnt mean it
Feels so good!
hm, the #WilliamStill doc on PBS is done a-la reenactors and 1st person diary excerpts...
b/c you love it and you're good at it! How are you feeling?
HHB 427, fourth floor. Left out of elevator, straight down hall, door on left past the sociology department.
we'll have to make a stop up there when you come back
it's gonna be a scorcher today! <U+2600>
Damn brewers need the win tonight!!
B. Griffin is getting killed right now. He has to use some of that athleticism on the defensive end of the court.
I am very outgoing!
At least you get more time with your family.
Go Lakers! RT : Come join me at the this Wed to watch the Lakers take on the Clippers. Party starts @ 7pm!
Follow if he get to 200 followers he will pick the first 10 people before the 201 follower He has 197 right now need couple more
German Shepherd Male Plush Coat turning two - Central Illinois ...
all good, can't wait to see what ya'll deliver next (pun kinda intended).. that sodalite bracelet is nice
new follower in Brasil #helloglobalization wish i could read in your language too...
awww :) Thanks, Liam! That was so thoughtful! I know you probably won't see this but I thought I'd thank you anyway :)
Embrace who you are, there is no else as unique as you k.
Need to make mac & cheese during intermission.
What a wonderful compliment - Jerrejeff! I hope you enjoy the rest of what's to come. :)
Watching Mary Mary with Viggle Thu | 21 | WE Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Looks like a number of the schools in the teacher cuts database also had dramatic enrollment drops
RT : "Make sure your profile picture is colorful & professional."
it's kinda side that places do
Love me now, love me never, but if you love me, love me forever.
Trying to figure out this twitter thing, BACK in ACTION! Representing AFRICA always! STAY TUNED!
bitches (read: teenage boys) love my new haircut
which one shpulf i get Iphone 4 or Samsung Galaxy sII skyrocket ?
Dark After Thoughts: Sinister, Sultry and Sophisticated only on ParaRock TV www.pararocktv.com Mondays at 10p.m est.
Tennis, check. fix, next. Cut grass, Hoyt Park pool on the radar.
Love waking up and knowin owes me $20 :)
great minds think alike :)
Win Bonnaroo tickets by helping hungry pets
#FF ::: GOOD FRIEND ALERT!!!! (she's a unique penguin)
looking at mirrors in bathroom like "holy shit am I getting thinner ? I'm to0 handsome to die! No! "
Distinction b/n technology and "offline" cultures is also problematic in most pieces on social media.
haha! also thought boyfriend was on left. Next time...
where's the preakness party?
Nice little rally by the to close the first quarter.
I'm cranky....but I know it could be worse. It could be raining. Or Monday.
No kidding. ": I hope people proceed with caution here and don't jump to conclusions until everything comes out."
i was gonna say hi but i thought it would be awkward.... lol
Pair you dinner with a wonderful micro brew or wine and enjoy!
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
slept for 14 hours. I must have been really tired
Thanks Btw, thoughts on Jermaine Paul winning The Voice? lol
big night for ! 1st place, website, president of the year for
Why did I go out with a wife-beater? Because I'm Dominican and I don't give a fuck. :)
Need to get more arts folks into DH. Post docs aren't available to architects/artists (no Doc!)
It's #Impossible to wait so long for someone when you know your mind is made up and their isn't.
dm d you
Am so glad it stop raining...Boy i was getting
I haven't been to Bilbao yet. Tried last yr. Couldn't get a hotel. I ended up in Valencia.
New TRAEX Safety Mate colored foodsafety products in stock, including quick chill wands, colered bus tubs, and ice totes.
You got it you funny, crazy group of geniuses
RIP Steve Jobs.
Yep, those are shades. Such a creative photographer you are! ;)
Don't worry, I try to tweet more than once a year.
lazy day..
Yes! I love SF. Was just thinking that I'd love to come out here or somewhere in Cali and teach again soon.
of wisdom. You're good at saying the right thing at the right time. Happy Friday!
allergic reaction to my tanning lotion
Finishin my project on :) presenting/singin tomorrow #hyped!
Congratulations new members!
Wow. Really. My mom made 3 cinnamon rolls and I go to eat one and my brother and sister decided to split it so they could have 1 1/2
No - "what I do now" is what you do, blow out the eggs. Not enough room in the tweet!
Avoiding social networks for the next couple hours. Fuck your annoying sports updates. All of you.
I hate when ppl tell me what to do like I'm 10 yrs old
You know #MadMen has reached mainstream when tweets about every episode:"How BACK is this Mad Men!! Brilliant!!"
What is YOUR favorite New Mexican dish? Do you like burritos? Rellenos? Let us know! We'd love to hear from you La Salita Nation!
HII!! I JUST PRE-ORDERED THE 1D MOVIE AND BOOK ^_^ I also got a tee-shirt.
Less than 30 minutes! Ha! OMFG IM SO EXCITED!! I know im gonna cryy Lol
is the vet open now?
no no i think you lie ;) but its nice lies that i could get used to ;) hehe
thanks for telling me!!! Congrats! I TOLD YOU!!
This 3 hour #Raw got me twitter jailed :/
yes, yes, yes!
It's a Bloody Wrap!
when I cross the Mississippi River I expect to be in a different state, not here tho... too many years living in La Crosse I guess
Bumpin Mozart Requiem
Why can't Apple come up with an update that doesn't lead to another update. Install 5, then install 7 - on a machine that was up
#scrum Are you doing 2 wk sprints on both web and shrink development?
I think you and I may have different definitions of "balanced". Agree to disagree until June 5th! :)
Composers of New Music: are your typically registering your works with BMI or ASCAP? Need to decide which license to get. Cant afford both.
Stay To Myself, Sometimes I'm Hella Lonely!
To borrow a line from "Dune," range anxiety is the mind killer. The more I learn -- pro and con -- about EVs, the more I want one.
Thank you for the RT and all you do for the #glutenfree community! The videos with Dr. G are the best!
These morning classes are killing me.
I never said most of the things I said.
don't underestimate the damage that high gas prices inflict on the economy . stop speculation on gas prices now !!!
With the embarrassingly abundant pockets on these cargo pants you can contain multitudes, yet impress no one.
i hate being sick during the summer ):
Just made the smartest decision ever after #bikramyoga:
Thankful Thursday: What are you thankful for?
Q for cpyright session: in VoiceThread &animoto, should the images all be CC or public domain w/attribution? i think so, but never see...
How to brand yourself? through your music, the way you deliver your music, and the way that you interact with your fans
jeez i forgot my yahoo messager password UGGGG!!!! i had to re-set a new one god!
Check out the "Wish Upon A Car Event" on May 5th via
I tried My Best But it Wasnt Enough
you+kelsey don't need to worry,you are a legend also haha<3
#threewordsformyex I miss you
Jennifer Love Hewitt is still ridiculously hot
Rollin' around Tempe listening to #NEMOMC!!!!!
We'll be singing in the #rain today at #SummerJam2011 in Waterworks Park!
where are you now
I'm glad you noticed that the menu was a sentence! We kinda slipped that in for the fun of it! :)
i know it is i was just messin around like i always do u knw me
Our office will be closed until 930am this morning for an All-Staff meeting. Swing by after 930am and we'll be happy to help you.
Welp, there goes my Monday. All day editing session with a Knicks fan (yikes!) Aka
Congrats! RT : Just signed an agreement to become a Contributor for This is going to be fun
agreed 100%. Hard 2 believe such the gr8 business has made it so difficult 4 (as you say) normal ppl. Excited about shifting it.
Yes, it was quite good. I may add a section to in the future on generating Java types.
yarr, gonna do my best. Got a crazy Saturday as it is. But I think Thomas should see Lana Del Rey!
"Omit needless words!" Don't overload your #writing with unnecessary words. Say it simply. Your reader will be grateful.
Just got home from my 5th grader's game. He handled the same baserunning situation a lot better than Plouffe.
ask him if he thinks horses should wear a top hat.
My brother's little boyfriend is over again lololol
we look retarded?
For the past 90 min watched my WWF dev team debug game code . They know how complicated the project is yet they never give up.
Tacos truck at Eat the street were so good!! CA mexi food snob and I was impressed!!
unfortunately the card is just for stills and I don't have another device that can read mini hdv
360 Signs is also an active member of a HubSpot User Group with other Signworld members
it's a compliment
That's the perfect mall for an OJ!
some1 help me..!!! have new song???? plz tell me
Looking for all types of individuals that have a mortgage industry background
I've got so many things to do within the next two weeks.
My sister is gonna be famous and when that happens she is gonna take me or to party w Justin bieber
It was a pleasure meeting you at the Tweet Up.
There's a lot of chatter....no not cheddar....is there cheddar ?
I feel sick and I have a headache. Ugh.
Now we're going to turn to discussing #Afghanistan and also
When someone has a spelling error in their bio.
that's right my love, we sure are the lucky ones this time :)
<U+266C> 1963 Elvis was at No.1 in U.K. with "You're the Devil in Disguise" his 14th No.1 in the U.K. Although he never played any concerts there <U+266C>
is that the famous person you were telling me about in german?!
Me and my mom hiding from the Jehovah's witnesses > lol
Entitlement: you are entitled to receive nothing in life but what you give, delusions of piety do no good
lol Don't give up hope just yet. You could always watch older episodes... Maybe a Seddie marathon?? :P
LMFAO I KNOW I LOOKED BACK AND WAS LIKE UHM OKAY LIVING IN THE PAST
I look up to all my friends in uplifting and positive relationships...Gives me alot to look forward to...
awesome! Stay tuned for ticket giveaways and like us on facebook if you already don't :)
Wow, Tim Howard now has 59 caps? That's amazing with as many games as Brad Freidal and Kasey Keller played.
Going to bed..#sweetdreamsy'all
Buck Franklin lecture featuring Dr. Jennifer Eberhardt starts at 6 p.m. Join us in the Price & Turpen Courtroom.
I can't imagine where I'd be if you had never rescued me
I got your cupcakes. :)
Did anyone lose blue hydro fins at SMC Saturday 7am?
no more Austream with the guys...=(
Did you know if you flick your nip, 10 seconds later it gets hard.
I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.
Finally able to see our boyz :')
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! LOVE Denver!
/// Y'all think they're gonna score 100 by the end of 3rd quarter?
How about- "Nicole Atkins presents the turn of the new"
#ff video friends
- Hey! Sounds good :) Also interested in learning more bout ur development projects -
I think you might be disappointed. RT :
Back and triceps to some Tool...ChYeah
" I feel like I've just been taxidermed" - hahahahaha
JPM's market cap goes DN 9% to $141B. So mkt's punishment was worse than the reported trading loss. Where do JPM shares go from here?
Yay! Officially started with my Christmas shopping :-)
SISTA! HEY LIL PUDDING LOL (a customer called me that today lol)
tks good call!
Just Wanna Play LIVE @ M&S Grill in Reston, VA, January 8th!
I think the "itsy bitsy spiders" from today would have been better off washed down the water spout. Instead they are now smushed.
I know! haha, i really hope he sees it. (:
Same here I really need to snowboard
So Bored in woman terms means So Lonely
Real classy move by Artest elbowing a guy in the back of the head. And really classy LA fans cheering him .... Disgusting on both ends.
guys, it's always too nice out to go to class... even if it's pouring rain and freezing out.
I WANT that DVD because it's that ONE THING I'll stay UP ALL NIGGT to watch. I don't want anything MORE THAN THIS.
Summer needs to hurry up & get here already !
Or a leather vest and sing Forever….whatever blows your skirt up
I'm at the UW Center for Teaching & Learning poster session, Walker-Ames rm, Kane Hall. Come learn abt Critical Classrooms endorsement!
and his many faces<3
omg . I checked my mentions and interactions and it said "Austin mahone is following you" and I got all excited ..
Thomson: Gov said partisan bias was justified for the low deviations. There is nothing in record that compelled them to do it.
RT : If you want the same, do the same.
life goes on . . So light another blunt and watch the time go by :)
Had a great time at the GREEN FORUM, The Oh Group team thought they put on an informative program.
what u got up for the day
I'm so jealous! I love Charleston. I go there every spring break.
Your curiosity of learning is directly proportional to the knowledge you acquire. So be curious and learn more.
art store boys' booties...
what does the GOP need to know about that?
I just kidding I don't want you to
Last night when yelled "You Fucking Nigger!" super loud in MG.. lmao
i asked my mommy about tomarrow. so like... text me. k? k. (;
thanks for sharing, I hope to be both a viewer and contributer of your FB page. This is a great service that you provide.
Oh for heaven's sake - do those ridiculous little text ads that pop up in you-tube videos make anyone any fucking money?!
I need a new book to read too. Tell me!!!
If you don't like me, someone else will. If you're not missing me, someone else is. If you don't love me, someone else does.
Heading to Ripley's Believe-it-or-Not museum!! :D
you are my FAV people EVER! Now I know who's behind these Yay's!
Paradise Misfiled
I am High!! lol
Thank you, Jorge, for all you have given us. It's been a heartfelt pleasure sharing the last 17 years with you. We will miss you.
gonna pick Kirk Cousins?
Movie recommendation is Sidney Poiter in "Guess Who's Coming To Dinner"
RT : You have to do what others won't to achieve what others don't.
SPACE tour sunday with and :D #JMOMS crew is so close to completed! D:
my husband has 8 lbs of pork shoulder in the smoker - rarely seen him this happy
I've been so busy the last 3 weeks I just realized NBA playoffs are starting. Should I be worried the Lakers got the Nuggets first round?
ain't much bro, out here in LA. Where you playing at now?
Don't forget -- American Experience is running a new program on the Underground Railroad Monday February 6.
Passed a sign that says "donate your boat to charity." what the heck is a homeless person going to do with a boat.
Headed to my old stomping grounds, Sumner HS today, to watch SPSL Sub district Track & Field. Gonna watch future T-Bird, Cory Brandt!
I used to think that at one point :D
9.1 seconds away from brackets victory!
and are taking advantage of a fun girls night out happy hour with Who else is going to join us?
Going to check out 's TED talk now. Thanks.
There was a severe lack of shirtless super heroes in the Avengers. I agree.
Gonna need a #biggirldrink tonight!
You're fucking kidding me. what the fuck.
Thanks! Very appreciated.
congrats on the title change! It fits you well.
Thanks for the note! I did #followback!! :) :)
its almost my birthday :) its on wednesday it would mean alot to have a tweet from you
I do want to add that for the half second I was on screen, I nailed it. Stole the scene from Woody Harrelson.
- SLE adds contrib details. You just tell us what info to make public if any + u can donate as many copies as you want! S
Perhaps you need to learn how to write portable tweets ;- ).
My parents laugh at me too. I can't find your number, txt me plz.
Striphas is a good idea. I'm also considering a wider discussion with Carr's The Shallows and a short article on e-books.
If you love me won't you leave me cuz I want to settle down.
it is Sunday, the day of rest. give your brain a break
- ouch. Clubhouse must've been dead silent.
Oh party party ;) Sounds exciting.! I'm warming up my vocal chords. hahah
KEEP MY MUTHA FUCKIN MOMMA NAME OUT UR DAMN MOUTH U DNE KROSSED THE LINE !!!!
until that number gets you thrown in jai :)
Fuck them haters mane I don't even see em...
Seriously. That is ridiculous!
just booked MCPL aud. for Mar.13 (11a-1p)! Site coordinator for #Haiti Foundation Against Poverty will share her experiences since the EQ.
Case study in action RT : RT : Example of #SocialMedia Crisis Comm Mgt live. Check out 's <- Tweet Stream
Thanks for the follow! Love the collegiate natural hair group movement on your website.
Updating our facebook, artslant, blog, etc to add new #artservicesguild member David Adler (Art Gallery Services) to profiles...
Quick fast in a hurry, squat bounce drop, dirty.
haha. I was thinking the same thing. Trading clerk in KS!?!
Try the Chopped Cobb Salad : Romaine, Turkey, Gorgonzola, Avocado, Tomatoes, Cucumber, Bacon, Paris Dressing
tweet us if you have any questions about our services/products - we love helping people Feel Good!
your welcome :) that's what I do ;)
lmfaooo she sed ha breath stink
which one?! Lol
Aww, EA Mobile: they care about needy kids but not their own employees!
And I didn't think it could get any better! I'm baffled she is so clueless! LOL!
If you are an in Birmingham and want to see and learn about some interesting ascepts of the civil rights movement, then check out BCRI,...
I'm sick of every other night and every other fight.
RT “: When someone you thought was a good friend, deletes you on Facebook FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU”
LibX rollout FTW! We have to investigate some of those gadgets we saw yesterday, too.
Regardless of Noel or Muhammed UK is still a top 10 team. Don't stress.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future
I miss BBRP!
I support policies that allow us to identify those students who cannot read proficiently and that require us to help them.
RT : Thanks! That Art Deco list was one of my absolute faves in the gift guide ;)...
Yeah! Congrats!
Taking the metro!
RT : you're just excited that you met someone else who has a zune player...lol /// truth.
I hate how my eyes are so itchy right now and they sting!! >.<
Heading to Hopkinton to get my packet for the Title 9.
Wanna dance and get acquainted with ye ole dubstep tonight? Then shuffle down to Turner Hall for Zeds Dead. Go for it! <(^_^<)
When im stuck in a situation I just stop wherever I am and just think
Bucks. Larry sanders. Embarrassing. RIP 2012 Campaign.
Txt to Baby Mom...Happy Mommy day--side note.. I should of used a condom
nothing cloud
thank you so much for supporting our rather ambitious project. please share with your art savvy peers.
It's probably not 'product' friendly. As a man, just be happy you have hair...
That shit done ran out an hour ago..
Josh Horton will add depth to 3rd base. Just wait and see.
People is so fuckin ungrateful.....they always want u to help them, but when u can't doing its a fuckin problem.
"HE DID NOT JUST WINK!! HE JUST WINKED!!" <3
Look at him. Look at his collar bone. OMG *A* if only I could see your abs...
Honestly, I wish I could come up with something eloquent or poetic to say about Adam Yauch. He was great. He was really great.
My cuzzo is prego & still says she has "Boy problems" -_____- I wanna slap her lil Puerto Rican ass...
Anyone brave enough to venture outside during this Phase 3 blizzard? What places are serving food and drink?
Due to customer demand we are adding a Double Chocolate Coconut Cupcake to the menu come January 2012.
hi! Thanks for following :)
speaking of weddings....you comin?
Spring is right around the corner, schedule your Spring AC Tune up now so you'll stay cool when it heats up! 919-325-0180
a teacher I worked with used: I would tell you to shut up, but I'm not allowed to use those words.
COMING TO BROADWAY BAR ? BROADWAY EXIT IS CLOSED , GET OFF ON AIRPORT IF COMING EAST OR NACO IF YOUR COMING WEST AND STAY ON ACCESS ROAD
I want to shopping but Im sure everything I would want is gone already.
At planning an program on #Business and #Jobs & Career resources with
Made my Wendy's stop, now I can officially get my day started :-)
Everything is a work in progress.
Oh. Now I get Ike and Tina's tune. RT : PROUD. Desirous of copulation. A proud bitch; a bitch at heat, or desirous of a dog.
are the lotus engines just junk or what? In other words, does have any shot at a pole repeat at Indy?
Hi Heather, reached out the day your account was hacked. Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist your brand. DM?
even if you can't mention certain customers, you can, and should, talk about what you know!
#AMAs were cool! congrats really glad 4u(: fav performance 4 tearing up the floor & singin live(: & of course LoL
Not trying to be rude, but your dick gets less action then a white crayon.
Been waiting 4 a long time now to get noticed by but its still not happened..austin pleasee notice me I still #believe u will<U+2665>
Headed down to practice, Go Birds!!
Good for you!
FAVORITE SONG BY THE CURE?....GO! ;)
lmao rubbing alcohol chased by tobasco sauce
we haven't used twitter too much..but thank you soo much for the encouragement!we really appreciate it<3
“: Anybody Biking to Work this week? #BikeWeek.. go green, get fit!” gotta pump up those tires!
Hey guys please follow me and ill follow you back <3 :)
Lmao this folks on here goin in on Drake ass
What...I need to back up my fb..have to find out how.
My Camera died before I could get pics of #TFK.. but I love how they made time to mingle. Love you guys!!!
Why did Kurt go to prom dressed as Slash?
It's a Beatles reference! I buried
My landlords cousin/brother/friend shattered our shower this morning. Awesome.
Oak Park early afternoon. DM me if you're around.
Watching toy story 2
how are you doing? :)
tell you team mates that this is our year for the super bowl and winning the game is the cowboys way. No more penalties let them
- Agreed! News is no longer an informational or educational vehicle but sensational. Maybe even a tool to manipulate.
you're crazy...can't believe you put that # out..lol
- living the dream.
Tue 9/13 Mark Towns bass w John Cain piano, vocal, harmonica at Eddie V's La Jolla
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
Unfortunately this workshop is way too science related so the #fashionfail is not the only #fail today.
Sign up for the The Capital City Half Marathon and use the code: CMAG11 to receive a $5.00 discount. Good luck with training!
happy bday :-) may your wishes come true
apple loewes takeover valid?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists and musicians? Get a hold of us!
The happiest day of my life was when I asked my fiancé to marry me. :) <3 XOXOXOXO cc:
Whelp, at least I know that stress has one positive quality: weight loss.
Not hatched? haha Couldn't resist. :)
Tomorrow I won't be talking much. If I don't say hello, just know its because of the #DayofSilence <3
When Miranda & Afton aren't working, Meander's Cafe goes from being the city's best to just another above-average diner with a too-long wait
SPIRIT, IT LIFTS HUMANITY UP. WE NEED MORE SPIKE LEES. AND FEWER HORROR FILMS. THEY ARE CHANNELING DEMONS TO MAKE THESE FILMS. ANTHONY
Hell yea! SMH! RT : Memphis need to be fuckin ashamed of themselves
I'm down. RT : I think we should just ignore everyone.
steeple update!!!! Please!!
it's a sandwich with a waffle bun on top and on the bottom and a waffle in the middle as the meat, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles etc. - eugene
The hardest goodbye I've ever had to make, but the one that will be the most worth it in the end.
Ready for part 2.......The atmosphere is charged for God to have His way! R u ready??? I am......
It is!
HATE IT!!! Sadly, I have to deal with that or other variations of pigishness on a daily basis at work.
I got all excited to see Oh Carolina trending... then I realized nobody is talking about Count Ossie or the Folkes Brothers.
I was thnkng. What if I do bake sale in front of APPL store to raise $ for my Apple Fund. Consider it nonprofit.
Stay Thirsty my Friends..never settle for anything! On my #motivational tip this morning! Dreams into Reality
Clear and present danger
I usually do plain lime, but that sounds awesome!
what does #nf stand for?
If anyone is already on board to start #UltimateReset and is looking for a support group, we have one started on FB! DM me for details
Hhahah - Oh that was perfect!!!! -
Luck of the Irish to all you celebrating today
it would be awesome if I could claim either. My participant got the "its time" call mid-interview.
I taught in Cambodia, and Thailand. Teaching was terrific. Where did you teach? #EFL ,
Just updated my band Nigh School's blog. Check it out. www.nightschooled.blogspot.com
Thanks for the mention! :)
“: thank you for bringing us together. AKA a recipe for disaster :D ”hahah hell ya!!!!
Evil genius PR consultant would re-brand "lobbying" as "civic duty" & corruption would continue apace...
I couldn't sleep until midnight. I planned to sleep in until 7, but woke up at 6...
It is kinda funny when you are at a store and they ask you "are you finding everything okay?" and when you say "hi... actually no, I ne ...
Just got done picking out outfits/ styling for my photo shoot & interview tomorrow with Austin Fusion Magazine.
Who Want It?
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off.
Disappointed with how the bulls as a team are playing
What's with the sound on WOI? Tryin' to hear the Cyclones!
Hacked by haha love u lots julz! - grace
Congratulations to the Alpha Delta Pledge Class! Proud to welcome 44 new brothers into our fraternity!
if you haven't seen the south park episode on this, you've got to find it
wish it was already my senior year.. tired of waiting
Attending Filmmaker Boot Camp at GI Film Festival May 18 in DC. Looking 4ward to hearing from top Hollywood film pros. Sign up!
": uh get it together" get wat together???
That just means you'll get criticism for not including mainstream names. Good luck.
I was actually;)
These chicks today are pure whores....
Hi Vinny.. Can i pretty please get a hi back? '=)
“: Thanks for spreading a little love on Amazing festival for those with short THANKS guys!
The good die young #True ..
that guy is the anti-Bartman. Weaksauce.
Need an e-reader/tablet for my 1,000s of research PDFs. On the one hand, notetaking and compy syncing! On the other, e-ink! Ideas? Advice?
talent is luck, you shouldn't beat yourselves up over it -- lots of honest work out there MoveOn
One in six Americans are living in poverty
I'd rather hit rock bottom than be stuck second guessing
Nothin better than listenin to some One Direction. I love them.xx
Yes! They are so bad for you. lol!
Dealin wit dumb ass people...
Leave yo emotions on Facebook.
great. screwed up something with the root password, now I can't open phpMyAdmin
I just wanted to greet my sister, Ella... Happy Birthday Sis!
i already followed like 15 mins or more and i still just have my same followers
Power 105 1 's "The Breakfast Club" interviewed Swizz Beats earlier this morning. He speaks on the scandal with Mega Upl
Sipping some Kambucha in Central Park. Great cooling drink in hot NY summer weather and healthy too! Very rich in enzymes and antioxidants
Which isn't a confirmation. His injuries are consistent with getting his ass whipped. Doesn't justify deadly force.
There's nothing like a kicky little skirt, some dangly earrings and a sequin vest to call attention away from blood stained shoes.
Great tweets from everyone today.
Being on the softball field when the tornado sirens are going off.
Downtown #atx Wed morning? #Rogation Wednesday Morning Prayer 8:30 am, prayer for more godly stewardship of creation
no problem!
#HonestyNight I don't know what it's like to have a dad. I have a dad, but it's just long awkward silences.
O man,kids really wanna eat this early?!...lord,it ain't even 7am yet
Great job everyone tonight. Anyone want to come for a second workout with me?:) It is time for me to hit the gym...
Embarking on a green development for local workforce housing, 10 - 15 units that will be net zero and affordable!
Social Security benefits to be depleted by 2033; three years earlier than last report.
*Eminem voice* Cleaning out my closet...
Pretty Thick Hoes With Bright Toes & Earrings In Their Nose <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
It makes me mad the way you treat yourself and the way you let people treat you.
Going to see the advenders! Lol yes!
Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man
If you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
Do you love or hate the show Jersey Shore... or both? Either way everyone has an opinion & we wanna hear it! Join us TONIGHT Weldin...
": #IWishYouKnew Theres nothing sexier than a girl in high heels..........with no clothes on."
Flow like a butterfly sting like a bee
I love unusual toys....
Such an amazing episode of #glee!!! Next weeks looks even better too!!
lolol I haven't watched the video yet but I've seen the title. LMAO
less than a week away :-)
Love the Emergency! music in the latest Spiel. Remember the episode where a woman got bitten by a scorpion? Scared me to death.
#mm , our spotlight artist of the week
git commit -am "all work and no play makes jack a dull boy."
LMAO um no !!! haha i feel like listening to BVB and Motley Crue .... do you agree ?
honestly ur not the best lookin and ik I'm not eather but I'm just tellin u what I think sorry if I sound like a jerk I'm just
And we certainly will -- great to see you, Karen!
I'm on FB more because most of my friends are out of state and in other countries, happy earth day to you as well
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
July 9, 2011 will be at the Bay Harbor Green Market see you all there, I will have the flavor of the week my platano loco cupcake delic
In Ashland, Ma just before 9 am exactly 1" snow melted to .05" for fluffy but not extreme 20:1 ratio.
A sarcastic marketer...we like it!
Leo. So be on the lookout for signs from the universe, and they will eventually help you solve a problem. #GottaLoveTheUniverse <U+263A>
I just want to read a book. That's all. Just sit down and actually read a book.
i you hate is because you think he can remplease justin bieber .. cuz he is best ... lmfao
Create your future from your future, not from your past.
Have you tried our new marble surfaced frost plate? Great for mixing up your favorite ingredients & even better in a home made cone!
Duncan started slow for #gospursgo, but ended up with 16 points and 18 rebounds- not too much farther to go to be Spurs #2 all-time scorer.
“Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.”
It just sunk in that my doctoral program is costing nearly $30k per -semester-
Wale going in on first take tho
Guys #CougarTown got saved by TBS can we try getting on another network?
Join me for some butt rockin' blues. Tonight 10:30! www.theboomboomroomhouston.com /via
Wow, you kiss your mother with that mouth. RT : They guy next to me smells like s¥it:
said even if larger partner orgs mean well they end up throwing you under the bus.
Fly a kite
Goodnight to all :)
Am really sad about how many teachers have left my school this year. Small school, so it affects all of us.
Awe): I'm going to miss ya picking on me ):
he has to get Rip on the floor. No one else can break down the D
YES “: Learn it. Live it. Own it. :) RT : A wireframe is not a coloring book via #12ntc #12ntchero”
Any more money
GoodMorning Sweetheart *Waits Fa Replies*
Should have read hitting
I lost interest in twitter ./:
Line-beard mania. RT : Hahahahaha, no. RT : the SEC wants Louisville but UK is scared of it.
the things i see on tumblr lol
": but if I Facebook it should I also tweet it?"//Depends. Have you Myspaced or Linked it in? If so, just pin it to ur board.
I'm a little smarter then you think. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks to everyone who stopped by our table at the #MKEChiliBowl and voted for us. We had a great time!
we're definitely the weirdest group of people ever haha
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books (and articles and blog posts) in Aspen! I'll help.
~loved seeing you back on the challenge. and damn way to rock the speedo.
saw on the news where NY giants got a ticker-tape parade... who still makes ticker tape?
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 18
That would be great. Probably not going to the class, but I live in Rogers Park.
bring some tonight
Me too.
this is true. washu taught me pretty much nothing other than how to identify bias.
I wish my big brother was still around...R.I.P. Marvin Jr...he would always have my back...
tell her
Going to the store to buy a new PC. Yeah, like a Microsoft one. They still make those!
Thank you for inspiring us to change the world!
Geeze so much drama tonight!! I can only imagine....
You guys, Madonna has slaves!
Leyland has given up on the game. Putkonen is in.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!! find some of the Darlins to follow here: /darlins
asked the owner of a bowling alley if shes seen a lot of 400 games. was later informed a perfect score is 300. that's how often i go bowling
To all my ladies and some gentlemen Spa week is on it's way, October 10th through the 14th take full advantage!!! I will be can't wait!
Celebrate your victories with healthy treats. Instead of going out for dinner, go dancing. Instead of buying a new TV, buy a new elliptical.
great visit yesterday w/Ward. Thanks. Next week the folks in Squim.
damn I was about to sign you
Why do people feel the need to lie about unnecessary shit?
...working on a remix of underground rap and hip hop for a producer of on top by a long shot productions...
Under the hydrator, finna be sweating like crazy
feel better!
Thanks for your support of #AIDSWalk12! RT : AFAN AIDS walk here we come!
A pimp gon be a pimp...a ho gon be a ho....ain't no way around it
have u ever seen a kfc buffet in n e hood before.
#33 days until my surgery. Holy fuck.
DAVID YOST you did not complain about G. W. BUSH taking more vacation TIME at BUSH'S CRAWFORD RANCH on those 1583 acres. NLD Mom/ca. surv.
hey make sure u follow follow : )
ugh. dunno all the details, but read his statement; i'm on Bott's side. sorry kids.
lol do some! I wanna see.
this question makes me wish you were a panelist.
you can feel it, you can feel it
We are still looking for a few good #foodtrucks from DFW! Taking more twitter recommendations please! We've invited a bunch, need 3-4 more
Different theatre this time- comfy-er seats required for 5 hour opera. Also sans :-( brought my mom instead.
Food Truck Stops: October 18
you must have a horse buggy
had a killer time in Chicago 2nite 4Derick's bday party. Happy 40th, my man!
Thanks for the follow friday shout out!
Why its called Bypass Surgery? If operation successful "Pass" Or else "BY BY"...:-).
Absolutely! Hopefully rubs off ": Ricky has pitched outstanding this season!"
ur sister has a wonderful voice
RT Pack your knives and go Bravo's "Top Chef" open casting call today 10a - 2p Wells on Wells, 1617 N Wells St
Nero coming through my speakers, my fast car, n driving on the highway on a beautiful day is a speeding ticket waiting to happen
Affiliated with Hustlers No conversations with Suckaz it ain't No Hate in ma blood I just don't Fuck with u Bustaz
Coffee, stretching, and a good mile-long jog.
Hey, thanks for following!
first you got your tweets protected like you someone important and now I gotta ask you for permission!?
Getting my workout on :) gotta get hot for EDC!!!!
I like that craptastic & amazeballs are natural opposites of each other-
I wish I could get a FYB tatto WELP too bad
Changes long time coming. Less to do with FOX. More the natural & subtle adjustments necessary to bring #MMA into mainstream.
Congratulations to our middleweight Jason Neville for making the national team. Way to go Bones!!!
Save Today Central is looking for the best daily deals coming out and making them easy for you to find.
NO!! Y u say that?! RT : Are you pregnant??
YES! I've always argued that coffee or tea tastes better when made for you! Its got to be science!
and need to do an album together!
#knicks...you guys are getting killed.
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I'm all about accomplishing goals that I set for myself
Need quick ways to develop your skills? We've launched our "How-To-Do-It Blog" with FREE tips. Read the first and subscribe at bit.ly/r3kHcR
! Look At Me and lOoK at u.! Now tElL me nigga ... WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
Sugar Land is flooding, and I'm not there :( I always miss the fun stuff!
then what am I gonna do !?!? Ride in the trunk ? Haha
I'm addicted to Tamarindo candy ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Without love, benevolence becomes egotism. -Martin Luther King Jr.
you sleep with your eyes naked??
Its hard ,constantly lookin at things in a positive way. i tried nd only lasted 2 min.
That charge was a bullshit call...
Nice, Jillian. Sale ends at midnight tomorrow. We do ship to Chicago :-)
And that’s Why I’m Concerned But Now it’s Confirmed That You Spread Your Wings and Learned to Fly All Alone
WHERE ARE YOU SPENDING EASTER, GUUURRRRRRL?
Did I miss the memo/email on the Harry Carray/Erkel look for #NBA players?
I'm sure there are really good original bands out there, I just can't find them #somebodyhelpme #suggestions?
So excited about seeing new play #Tontlawald on Saturday. Time to brush up on my Estonian fairy tales...
Reggie Wayne signs 3 year deal with Colts.
I'm a huge supporter of breast feeding in public.
Same :p
Weell I don't talk a lot same way I tweet. Here is my facebook account add me if u won't too Roshanak so
"the pollen is worse than ever this year" shut the hell up it's this bad every year
Lunch at Lottie's starts next week. A theme & great deal for every day! Monday is $5 Martini lunch Mondays.
I own a Sony FS100. Shot 3 commercials with it. Sweet camera. May sell it in December if I decide to buy a RED. Interested?
Hey Minneapolis! Where should I have dinner Sunday night?
Guns r locked, cocked and ready to rock
no school today. cancelled because of storms. :)
Whew! You are one busy family! My Em would love to be at the horse shows! She loves watching...
its not just u! Its bizarre and def out of the box of who u think would be in attendance
Others might disagree, but I liked the Jose Gonzalez song in Red Dead Redemption. Made the game feel timeliness.
We should have an American-Django-Expatriot-in-Switzerland Fondue party!
I took a nap during the 11th. Just made a sandwich, I'm seeing this through.
Frog leggings
NO !!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ???? I hate American Idol...
I know. I love it. Have a great week.
well there's four of us but we split up so it's two and two. Me and are in 107 and our other friends are in 118
If you haven't already, download our full length album and other works for #free at www.blasesplee.com
I did, but it was in frame. :) Hope you are doing well and prospering. I will make it over to another class soon. Any gigs 4 u?
I weight train twice a week. Come on young fella, get wit it. #godmomknowledge<U+263A>
The life and times of President Makgatho will be celebrated under the theme " From Colonialism to Democratic Dispensation". The...
RT Visit w JAMS! Tomas Hult (Editor) & Anne Hoekman (Managing Editor) will be in New Orleans, May 15-19 for AMS meeting.
RT : Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good frm a distance but disappear when u get up close to 'em -John Shirley
Fuck daylight savings time
This bucks season has been a disaster. Injuries. Unhappiness. But die hards always rep their team and city.
.......someone not telling the sports anchor that I had a sports package until way after she needed to know. Just a bunch of crap.
You smell<3
Yeah, I have low expectations.
Dipping 1000's of Madeleines into chocolate...by hand! Yup, a true labor of love.
I hate explaining to the mechanic that I don't pop the hood to check my oil in fear of upon opening it there being a maniacal laugh track.
Watching YouTube on Ellen
can't wait to rock out at korn tonight with &
SO TRUE! Gives you the kickstart you need!!!
Come out Thursday to the Museum of Jewish Heritage for a screening & talk w/filmmakers & guest Dr.Yuval Neria
"Horror" movies from the early 90s make me laugh (pre-special effects)... There's always a hero dog & exagerated use of the s-word
LOL! I call it "The Brett Favre Effect"...
#GymPetPeeves Dude, it's doge ball. Not the hunger games.
did u hear about the earquake in south Cali
CONGRATS KATIE PICKLESIMER! You are DAY 5's Giveaway winner. Please contact us so we can send you the goodies.
at the bucks game
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
WHAT? Silly people...hm!!!
Brandon.. I would like to see you walk in heels for couple hours or so and see how you feel afterwards. haha
That's every day for me, lol!
good luck!
Will it be on like fox sports radio usually is on nights or not?
can't believe you had to miss half the movie :( I'll watch it again!
Never mind I'm running late now. Damn purple line <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thunder is a bit scary right now, but it looks awesome.
Finally home :D school tomorrow then spring break!!!!
Almost DUCK DAY!
Third-round play at the WGC-Match Play Championship finished up in Arizona and the tournament's lone remaining top seed is still alive.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
God bless everybody
I haven't been on twitter in about 3 months. I missed it.
For the 12:35 AM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Jay Oakerson
Stacy: Attention has become such important social currency.
you may be able to get the game on ESPN3 Jewels.:-)
I was never a big fan of but I still respected him. After watching this morning, he's in my Top 5 fav players.
Watch out! RT : 2/5/12, Super Bowl Sunday, life in Chicago is gonna get a helluva lot QuickeR. QuickeRcity is coming!
Several performances coming up in the greater Seattle area. www.jonathannicholson.com for details.
New comedy audio up. Featured Bit - "Shats R Us". www.freekshowradio.com
Sounds like a fancy escrow service. RT : #Finovate eDeposit - so I basically give them the money early? I don't think so.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it
nah driving from the airport
Lock in tonight. Text it.
probably not so much with the winky face
Are you participating in the Vision Development workshop for IGT on Thursday, May 3rd? Please contact IGT to sign-up..520.209.2448.
Lol, don't worry! You'll get there
Watcin Firestarter then Eclipse! Got a big bowl of popcorn, huge Pepsi, twizzlers. Im ready, im ready!
agreed, and the kids aren't dead, where are the bodies of the girl and tall guy
There's really no one to impress at school anyways
I think that school and microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Come start your weekend off right with the open bar at BRINK ORLANDO from 11-12! I will also be spinning starting at 10!!...
we'll take it..good lookin refs
The NBA is actually laughable. That flagrant foul on Chandler, was absurd. In the days of MJ... Wouldn't of even been a whistle.
Well why don't you cry about it. SADDLEBAGS!
I ain't got nothing to say to her.
Alright folks, the next CareerConnects event will highlight #HR this Fall! More details coming soon...
Yay movies! Bo everything else... Hope the movie does the trick!
From Tony Plohetski: heavy drapes on hotel window closed in case glass shatters...
Goodbye Houston.
Shall we expect a sonnet about the McRib?
New fACEBOOK
if you have a facebook/youtube/twitter account named "Official____" and you aren't an extremely high profile musician, i don't like that.
Wat if dere were no hypothetical questions???
OMG! Tonight might be dying my hair brown and getting a haircut. :)
Yes - blue sky weekend! RT Hope you are having an incredible weekend
Yeah I guess. Didn't agree but we escape!!
If youre going to talk shit about my boyfriend to your hair stylist.. make sure your hairstylist isnt my mom.
No more waking up at 7 AM
Enter 2 win FREE TICKET to OPUS May 17-20 by telling us what you think of our enhanced ebooks ~ tag !
Hey check out The staged parody of the !995 Cult film. Starring Willam Belli of RuPauls Drag season 4
World of Warcraft Birth Control Ad
Daylight savings isn't really saving time. It's a sleep robber. Daylight sleep robber.
fbml and flash :x is giving me headaches
Can someone please tell me the voting number for RNG !!!?!?!??
Just got back from DC time to get back into my New York state of mind.
Your fake stretched plugs are looking quite dapper today, faggot.
Veterinary researchers reveal new treatment method for cytauxzoonosis in cats With more cats now exposed to this tick-borne disease, a ne
Sorry its been so long on here!! I am back for now! Going to The Wilds with friends today; hope the weather stays well. Have a good day!
Woohoo! Excited to be a part of the #DrMommy Twitter party tonight!
Oh most definitely bro!
Having a good time confounding as she attempts to guess what her birthday present is.
I'm the only one that just saw an old homeless guy dangle a scarf out of the bus window. My life is so surreal right now.
don't see anything..
u know how that ho is
#Ebay is so strict!
Thanks for today's RTs.
Big home game for the Sharks today. Broward College at 4pm!
What one player will have the biggest impact in this Sunday's AFC and NFC title games?
I'm about ready to flip the fuck out, wanna come
Might clash with Tower City's walls. Perhaps the peach Calvin Klein, ala what wore ?
tired of doing the same stuff every damn day i wish something good would happen for once
#dhtrial who did I stand in for? most all guys but esp Kyle,Nathan, Jamie, and J.Slattery (with a white napkin on my head - a bit of a joke)
Listening to Jeff Mirman from Turner Sports talking about
yeah! It started throwing its nuts at me so I threw them back and we got in a fight and finally I started shaking the tree
Awe, I love your friend.
to u it has but ALOT of ppl dont use twitter at all..and ppl who say facebook wack still log on even doe not same as be4
Sprinkle a bit of swag dust on the ground in front of her! RT ask
I think we need to have our own Hunger Games, so that we can throw some of these fools in the arena
Let it snow let it snow let it snow
So confused!!
yay I'm Alex's family:D
thats a cute cat
Hey douches, don't steal a penguins on your drunkin' night out. It isn't funny. You're lucky little Dirk is okay. Douches.
so you think the #NBA has lost it's essence?? What would you change Fam in the NBA?
Yes, that was me shoveling snow today. Don't ask.
Give a chick a fish, she'll eat for a day. Give her your rod, she'll be sharing meals for 18 years. Take the fish, ladies.
Its almost dark...which means, I better get home and fight off the lady bugs I left chilling in my dimly lit 1/2bath.
hit us back bro!
-Pens D need to at Least show up for 1/2 the game-And if Sid and Geno r 2 gether on a line 2 nite, Geno will score- thoughts?
just made my day..
nicely said ;)
Damn I've been in my zone cleaning and packing. So ready to be home!
I agree! See you in a bit :-) P.S. read your resume last night Ms. Book Author!
follow back sucka!
It was $40, kinda expensive :/
Lil Wayne doesn't make sense. His songs don't have any meaning, he just says dumb stuff about how he's so "good".
Probably. The subconscious is sneaky like that. I also have weird dreams if I eat ice cream right before bed 2, so who knows :)
Dreamchaser, keep chasing, grind will turn into your shine be patient.
Bristol Palin is the product of a dumb dingbat and a father who walks behind the dingbat and carries her purse.
#rememberwhen the hardest decision we had to make was what we wanted to watch, wear to school, or where we wanted to eat at.
Why must I be an subscriber to watch shows on the app? Why not offer a day pass/per show price? Waste of a retail opportunity.
whomever gets a text from me is getting em double. im blowing up DBP from at the moment.
Thank you for the tweet! Much appreciated.
#Apple sent me a survey based on my latest experience in the #AppleStore, but survey doesn't work on purchase from said store.
Wearing scrubs.
RT : Spread the word to help us get #alleyshrimp photo permissions? Just send peeps to this link, m'kay. Yer awesome. http:/ ...
SAME OMG BB
Thanks for the follow! Deb in Iowa
Over the next few weeks we will be putting machines into the Hawthorne Theather 1507 SE 39th Ave Portland, OR 97214
yes, enjoy the trip my man, looking forward to some updates!
Happy Birthday time coolest paranormal investigator out there!!!
Biggie's music, Tupac's attitude
haha i know <3 . So sorry im on my phone and internet not really working at the moment :/ . I cant vote :(
I'd like to see moore of them, from you.
#whenimwithyouall.... my problems go away the way u make me smile the way u look at me is so outstanding but who am i talkin bout
Great talking with you guys! Call me for anything anytime! All areas of Music and Business covered! Much Love!
awesome game tonight :)
"Tea and Zombies" might be the title of my autobiography
it's going to KILL me!
Lmao of course Kobe has the ball in every NBA commercial
i finally finished my paper. i really think i have ADD or something
maybe I'll keep it for you then babe ;)
tonight a good night to start. I haven't had the best day. I need to run off some anger.
Honing my musical/photography passion since I can't sleep =D
Lunch on Tues, per favore, before we both head home for the holidays. PS Congrats on completion of your Capstone!
Tnx for favorites & RTs, and ... can you gentlemen explain why I'm working more on spring break? Albeit with wine.
WOW!!! Somebody just in followed me
And did she hide the steak knives Saturday night, 8th and 9th innings?
But I thought Weeden was going to be a soccer player
Hope you are having fun out yonder. Looked like the Aces thing was fun. I'm just #upeditingatoddhours - Hope you are good.
Thanks for much! I just sent the icon. I appreciate the consideration about potentially being added too. :)
Our new apartment is really coming together
you wanna go?
Everything's great, Giulia! New classes next week and baby is wonderful! Can't wait to see you out there teaching & inspiring!
i know omg im yelling
you guys are in my prayers, love you Carla Lynn!
RT : you already know man you family now bruh
thanks for the follow :-)
I do have work to do, , but you should go see 's #Chimpanzee with friends!
I mean, which ones are being taken over by City Schools. Fact sheet lists 6. Tweet said 5.
Felling like you r part of a family.. #bestfeelingever love my friend Joz & her beautiful kids, I even love her big, scary, black husband:)
Going to Indian Head, MD for a presentation today and then wedding rehearsal this evening.
Welcome to my personal twitter account. I also manage accounts for , , , ,
arod has a sexy voice. #worstbostonfanever :(
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is no one runs in your family.
I cant believe i'll be 20 in a couple hours...fml
Ron Paul waxing nostalgic for the good old days of high poverty senior citizens again, saying Medicare and Medicaid weren't needed.
At least my USA hat prevented a head injury
I want her to be a bitch and critique tho. She's too nice, but I know she can be a bitch!!! Lmao
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Florida!
Pacers puttin NAP on the map! They look god right now
We're good just need to step our defense and we'll fine. Not a fan of trading baskets back n forth
Thank you for the RT and helping us spread the word!
#TeamFollowBack >>>>>>> follow her for me.
and here I was, thinking it was me. :P
Special Session time. Good thing and I are breaking out the Four Roses this weekend.
High School -_-
I'm visiting Rochester because I need to pick one college as a backup in case I don't get into George Washington. gahhh
A Girl in China lost her Virginity at the age of 13, She was called "Sum Yung Ho"
I need new people to text. -.-
Make sure to register your 6-12 y/o for Jurassic Conservatory by Feb23!
Enjoying the day off while and Philippe use the studio to record some tracks for an upcoming movie trailer.
im stressed!!!
I feel like a big girl producer today. Txrd, sxsw, and beyond...
Reviewing Resumes - buzzword hell.
is my best friend. ok, guys.
Thanks!! We appreciate your loyalty and support!
Fish always look like they're mocking how people talk when they're breathing, they must get into a lot of unwanted fights that way.
"The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense". ~ Tom Clancy via
Why are the Atlanta wine & food festival tix so pricey? Ugh
I still have so much to do -.-
He knew the Swede involved in the Dec. 2010 bombing. The Swede trained with Al Qaida, so terrorism isn't yet ruled out.
BOYS:If your girl puts you after everything, then maybe its time to just give her some space
yeah!! We out here. Mayweather won
what makes her so much better than me?
we will see starting Monday
no 2 3 days ago got up at 6
"Have a dream, make a plan, go for it. You'll get there, I promise." -Zoe Koplowitz, marathon runner who is afflicted with MS & diabetes
Andy Pettitte coming back to the Yankees! What?! Can't wait for this MLB season
Q5 Interns should be paid. Otherwise, they are a volunteer and should have the flexibility of such.
Oh! When is that?
#TAF & I can't goto sleep cause I'm angry and now that I woke up I can't go back to sleep cause I'm sick.
Loser..Loser..Hey! I've heard this call before! I bet you have....
#nwill2011 K used SoftChalk e-learning tool to create interactive web content - it can be shared via web, CMS, etc (inexpensive & easy)
its hot as hell in this house
Happy Mother's Day, world!
Douglas Crockford said it's "Je Son" [french accent] Everyone I know says "Jason"
I love making lists.
Business and conservation groups should be able to "unite behind" revised planning rules for England, says Commu..
My memory has a way of shaping unpleasant events frm the past into wonderful learning experiences. Its never as bad as it seemed then.
Today we safe-guard the world by out-sciencing the scientists
“ her booty so big i can hang my chain from it”
its day 259 At home #Ayn loved to play outside in her backyard, now she spends her days in a basement
Any good food trucks in Farragut Square that people want to recommend? I'm grabbing lunch there and don't know what to get. Thanks!
I go 3-4 times a week and spend usually about an hour. The trick is to maximize your time while you're there :)
D Lamb with 21
Big League Chew and it's not even close.
"Who are we playing today?" #Pistons "What's their record?" Terrible. "Perfect. That's reflective of my mood." Don't eff w/ C today.
Michigan feels the same!
But he's so cute XD OMG LOL very awkward ... OH WELL
S/O to all my followers
Rain on my commute ... What's up with that???
is looking for a #Java #Technical #Lead for a #contract to hire #job with a large retailer in #SF . Interested candidates must have worked …
Anna Paquin and Steven Moyer sitting behind Lil Wayne at the Mayweather Cotto fight. These are the things I notice.
Don't mean to let you down, but it ain't summer yet! I know it felt like it last week though. :)
I just noticed that i'm one cool ahh nigga.
- we wish you could be here too! We will be live-tweeting & blogging, so follow along :)
come on man u really think the royals should never bunt? If Getz can't bunt there when the hell do guys in bottom of order bunt?
RT : Let go of any negative ppl in your life, it is YOU who are letting them hold you down.
RT : following now!! RT : I am working to follow all of you lovely ladies! :) TREH
Oh my darling you're more than welcome. I'm very thoughtful when I'm sober. I had almost two thoughts last week!
why are there so many polish pastry shops? they might look good but we all know they're not good
Friday Night Football: Brighton Bulldogs host Monarch HS at 7:00 pm at BHS Stadium.
I don't care who you're for...that was a GREAT game last night. Hats off the the Cardinals for keeping it alive!!
Just announced! After-party in Atlanta, GA for the show on 11/19. Come watch some music moe.ron's!
Wish I had seen these earlier! I totally could have taken you.
Thanks to Randy of On-site computer solutions for donating their old cell phones, Way to go. Lets keep it up
I just wish people's expectations would align with what they are willing to fund (and pay for). Especially in IT.
Goodbye we will miss you! Best of luck in 1871 :)
Is she wearing her crown too? #TheWire RT : Granny has her Mother's Day Church outfit hanging out already.
#FF You're Welcome My Friend! Thanks for the Shoutout! You're Awesome! Follow here people- One of Twitter's Coolest! Always funny!
Babysitting wears me out :/ but i'm making money #likeaboss :)
Yeah, good luck with that. I'm just shocked they didn't ask him his thoughts on Middlebrooks
Thank you to all our veterans; you are greatly appreciated!
Twitter, stop trying to get me to follow Zooey Deschanel. I don't need your judgment.
Every day there are more than 110,000 patients waiting for a lifesaving organ donation. Have you signed up to be a donor yet?
Why do i always wake up home alone?
One thing I do miss about Tennessee is the friendliness/hospitality...
$$$ This is the week to check your mailbox Colorado! You could have a $100 check in your Valpak envelope!
PLEASE call me next time, I can give you a ride/pick you up!
You Joy is a Babe
Uhm, why does golds close at 7pm on Saturday?
Currently on Yahoo front page: Trayvon Martin, Obamacare...and new bikini rules for Olympic beach volleyball players.
One of my users said of my #salesforce reporting skills, "You are the Ex-Lax of data". A compliment, I think!
Stuck on the 6.
Follow my gorgeous cousin :)
Living in the past positions you to be PASSED over. You can bet if it worked 15 years ago it likely won't work today - embrace change!
So how are things on Uranus?
Nandos!! how could I forget the sauce! South Africa sounds exciting...have you heard Shakira's official worldcup song? WakaWaka
I don't like the new TwellowHood, I can't see the list like I used to be able to so I can follow popular people in my hood.
Def going to see the movie, The Avengers, when it comes out! #toocool!
love it!“: Country singer Vince Gill, season seat holder for Preds, shown on jumbotron with t-shirt "Bertuzzi is a Sissy". #hnic”
There are far too many Condescending Wonka twitter accounts.
Go head with your Charles and Ray Eames self! : D watchin out!! you're full of great surprises!
stop texting and start running lol
I'm proud to say that I have consciously avoided paying attention to Jose Canseco's tweets.
Monday. Big game is over. Long week ahead. Late night Happy Hour starts at 10, $5 Drafts.
If it's for a comedian, you won't need luck. But good luck any way
You guys are way to cute!!! LOVE!!
That moment when your thinking bout OC and who are you gonna shoot with your nerf gun #War lol
thats my favorite game!!!!!
I love how peaceful (and traffic-less) LA is before the sun comes up.
do u have a mall or anything??
that's literally the coolest thing I've ever heard. which languages?
My shoelace came untied. is to blame! What a jerk...
Well icon. Your icon is pretty! (:
What the eff is this Vitamin Water commercial about?
Centralized monitoring & monitoring plan expectations are defined The primary focus is protecting human subjects & maintain data integrity.
WE want to hear your engagement story! Win a FREE Bridal Make-up app! Share with us your story at
Also I hate when people walk super close behind me, I feel like I'm about to get jumped.
Follow a Fringe Artists:
c'mon I love Ozzy and his Santeria practicing ass. We know he's batshit crazy, that's part of his charm
sitting in the presenters lounge with Mr. Jefferson. NO RLY!
After watching Dinosaur Train, Riordan say "I tried to be a pteranodon, but I just don't have a beak"
I wonder if dj back from kansas ?
Everything is going really great. How are you?!
pretty sick..this takes it to that necessary next level to be simple, credible and viral.
Thanks for the shout out!
“: "What? You can get arrested if you're on the football team?" - from contact at #Mifflin” <<-- Wow, MPD is going for the gold.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. ~ Julia Roberts
I can literally hear every word these girls say from down the hall.
Talking to my mean strict aunt Hahah .
I have watching the dog all day
Tim Tebow: Charging $160 an autograph is great if ALL the proceeds go to charity not just a portion. Reminder: you are Tim Tebow not Lebron
Im heading back to polling place. This time armed with poll watcher certificate. This ain't over.
RT : A HUGE Praiiiii Pi Chi to my prophyte for winning Greek Woman of the Year! #THETA runs this show!!
happy MALG day to you.
3. The Revelation study has got a hold of me and my little ladies group and we...are...loving'...it!!
was created 3 fugitives on moonshine
Is it really worth going behind my back?
Marshall-ism of the Day: Everything begins in thought and the reality is only our interpretation of the situation.
couldn't be happier with the start :)
The best tool for content and connections
And cue rain forest downpour
We feel so blessed and thankful to do what we love and help people along their journey!!!
that's awesome!!
yeah for sure! That's gonna be a fun game to watch tomorrow
*thinks* No, that's just funny to me. *thinks more* No, that, too.
The market opens at 10am rain or shine!
RT thanks for the #shoutout your the best!
RT : Both of my babies were #borntoosoon Daughter at 30 weeks, son at 35 wks.
Not as crazy as instagramming a pigeon in the first place ! ;P<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
The Flu Season is looking great, everyone!! Buy your 10 dollar tickets for this Thurs-Sun at fluseason.eventbrite.com !
Bad news.... your segment got cancelled from here on out... WEIRD!?!?!?
Did someone say BACON ? Our Special Today is the Maple Candied Pork Belly - House Cured and Smoked !
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #7 The Power of Autonomy - have a goal to create the business of your dreams on your terms which = SUCCESS!
Gave myself amazing bangs today! Thanks to tutorial. Great advice!
I haven't even started!!!!
don't forget to check out in Madison tonight! You're on the guestlist and dinner's on us!
Ah! I changed my password yesterday - sorry, no clue why it's still doing that. I'm getting spam from all over, too. :(
we can ask that at the legal roundtable tomorrow
Long Treat Mom to a Healthy Happy Mothers Day... Buy her a Gift Certificate. Call our Houston office 713-623-0866
should i get drunk and then reply?
400 Followers!! We LUV you TWEEPS - RT and spread the word - Cougars & Cubs Ball this weekend where our 40+ bombshells at?!
Yep! Miami!
Ha, isn't that the truth! RT<U+200F> : Anyone selling raingear today in DT Austin is going to kill it!
I finished the Hunger Games again...Now I need to finish Fifty Shades of Grey and I can move on two the next books
I'm listening to the Radiohead mix that ErinDish made for me about 6 years ago.
Are you hiring? RochesterWorks! has funding available to help businesses to reduce the cost of training and hiring new employees. Contact …
Lol, my mom used to yell at me cuz all i did was twitter, and i used to say that "AT LEAST IM NOT DOING DRUGS OF HAVING SEX"
yes, filming in a few weeks and looking forward to work with the great cast and crew!
Grilled pastrami on rye on now at Lottie's!
Im such a big fan(: I love your voice<3 keep up the god work(:
Excited to meet with some #Northeastern faculty today to talk about our #Health & #Security research strengths and funding opportunities.
Worry about your character & not your reputation, b/c your character is who you are, and your reputation is only what people think of you
I don't want to feel alone, sometimes I wish I had a boyfriend to hug and talk to!
I WILL STEAL YOU AND PRETEND YOU ARE 18
Packers schedule: Seriously tough games right out of the box.
our Batterman Ensemble is competing in the 2012 Charles Mingus High School Jazz Competition in NYC this weekend <U+266B> best of luck to them!
im trynna...im bout ta fux these simple minded niggaz up....RNS
I completely agree- #LinkedIn is such a useful tool that so many of us forget! Thanks for the tips!
that's about to change on Thursday :) miss you!!
if I'm tweeting less today, I'm saving my voice for tomorrow!!
I never got your survey. What gives?
Just ordered Walking on Water book on Amazon. Hope it will give me inspirations for
burn yourself/ to become dust/ to reach cool wind/ above human masonry
I know you're better than average.
Right before the 4th quarter!
really liking the twitter on my schools computer, it looks better on here then the twitter app on my phone!
What's worse than being #hungover in class?! NOTHING. RT for a free sample of Closing Time Hangover Supplement!
Is only 1 hour away!!!!! Were breathing the same air!!!! :D
Something has been amiss with #Facebook for hours.
I wanna see and U2 on an arena tour together. Seriously amazed to have music this good coming out of South FL. Check them out!
What you know about that? LOL..I thought you were a way up Northerner, lol
Whoa! just blew my mind!
Get 20% off on your first cleaning appointment :D
Congrats to on your season! can't to watch again in the fall!
Lol & my sister was going to get me Sonic since I am deprived and she is nice and some woman hit her car.
I thank God everyday that I still have my big brother! This was a tough year for him, but he pulled threw it! He's my #HERO<U+E41D><U+E335> love him <33 <U+E022>
Woke up quick, at about noon; just thought that i had to be in compton soon.
I love my dickinson swim fam, but softball is SO much more fun .
Cutler is a big douchebag
We can hurry this AA thing up..
RT Great 40-minute power nap in the Now back to work! <--The library is here for you! Good luck with work!
Ugh I don't even want to watch anymore!!
Aw, feel excited! It's prom! Haha. Hope you have a fun time today!
Can we stop having Wars on.. Terror, Drugs, Women, and now Moms oy vey! Over them all Hate BS political stunts designed to incite the masses
You know what would be a fascinating ethnography - contingent labor in political campaigns.
19 goals so far in the Premier League
Just wanted to say how much i love voice <3
hope you are having a Rockin Tuesday! Thx for your great support!
Well Bell's salary was cut so same thing, lol.
Watching TRUE GRIT before my show!
Yes!! You cracked me the hell up. And you are the KING of cheap pops!
#Nonprofit organizations who think in small terms end up getting what they ask donors for, which is very little.
Frank Gross! From Seattle USA Take a listen to my music. www.mevsmyself.net
Shame on me if you fool me once. Shame on me if you fool me twice. You've been a really hard case to crack, should have known better but...
So excited! I weigh myself 1-2X/wk. New update 2 share: lost another 3 pounds!! Total= 33# - Gone!! Means 13# since starting V3!! LOVE! :D
I want to meet you
I think my sister had to put that on the application for her certificate for solemnization. I wonder if they have to match...
get ready for video of me singing So Sick by Ne Yo ! getting posted on YouTube right now !
Fairbanks very popular with trumpeter swans! Saw some in the Chena! BTW: Auto-correct? Stop trying to turn "Chena" into "Chernobyl."
Great catching up. Chat soon!
Nice shoes just like Hermes handbags r nice but spending 200 4 sneakers & 12 grand 4 a handbag means ur priorties r wrong
you did great!
hahaha! So cute!!
i love watching all the guys during half time. #CharlesBarkley is so funny
SO TRUE! RT : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are & then wait to hear the answer ~ Ed Cunningham
when I joined twitter only had 4,000,000 followers and now he's almost going to 22,000,000 ;o <333
Yea we're super heroes they love us
To be in the Shottas TV Series
which speed scarf are rocking at nationals?
How is Martha Stewart single? I would marry her & I am pretty sure my husband would understand!
We are a month away from our major relaunch. Expect a blog post soon on what the new Socialistr is all about - and how we compare to Google+
I know this is random but we need all the help we can get! Back and/or tweet about it plz! :D
listening to Tamia " So Into You" is such an awesome song!!!! Bringing back some feel good memories this afternoon!
this is so cool! Thanks for sharing!
well, I already let them watch Alien...
i travels , i dont like to sit in one place at all .. this is what i do :)
I am so happy about summer beer.
"chicks dig me"
Absolutely enjoy it! I'm having problems with acceptance of Section 508! They're looking for loopholes! but you give me hope!
Congrats SEGD on a fascinating Design of Location Conference yesterday. Happy to have been part of it
'Man becomes what he thinks about.'
Wash: "If my players execute, the chess matches take care of themselves." Throwing people under the bus starts with the manager!
Last week we mentioned Camera Bag which lets you apply awesome effects to the photos you take with your iPhone
THANKS YOU!!!
As long as I don't get vicious gas I'm game....
good night dorkus .... rest well
got your undawareness on today? we've sold them around the world. where are you located?
What's your favorite Twitter client? I just started using Hootsuite after many months with Tweetie and am liking it.
Are you a thief because you just stole my heart;)
Can I get a follow? I want to DM you. Great news re: the summer conference:)
there was a full alert at the fence when a stray dog approached. scraps came charging on 3 wheels. they respected the commitment.
Holy shaatt BRAD is in like one week
Enjoy the heat and sunshine while it lasts.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE? **
With Panetta, GSA, and Secret Service you can't trust the government with your money
planning things out for upcoming shows
To each his own!
#askselena which song is your favourite?
I used to have a fear of hurdles, but I got over it.
The Ratchet. The Ratchet Monster. Born This Ratchet.
I used to go to school at Anna Maria college in Paxton Ma outside of worcester, now I'm near Andover Ma
Opportunities can be "manufactured." You don't have to wait for fate
Hell if I know. I'm old.
Looking for someone in #Chicago who is available for an indexing project. It will be for 4 days only to start in the next couple of weeks, …
": 'unignorable' could be ignorable, unknowable, inexorable, incurable, inexorably or unconquerable."
RT : is next week May 1-2 ILC is providing the lighting and will be there. Let 'em know if you'll be too!
Lunch today Park Avenue for
Why did I just get preached to about UK basketball? I hate RATarded people! INSIGHT doesnt make the schedule!!!
So Tim Thomas is a teabagger now?
I want to sew even more now that my good sewing machine is broken. Guess I'll have to give my Singer a try.
They hire the lowest of the low at this zoo to be keepers: DeJesus, Mike, Sharon, Alex, Hudson.
All's good, had already dropped at daycare. Jerk passed me on right (parking area) + nearly forced me into traffic on my left
We are #Vegas bound! Heading to the desert for the amazing #remaxR4 conference.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>13
Ppl who are the greatest or best at what they do.... Knew it from day one and won't except anything less than the Best...
it was great! Provided great insight on imp of materials based approaches for understanding transatlantic histories of objects.
The Golden Girls getting their own Barbie's.... That's pretty awesome.
“: A high percentage of my #BostonianBradyBabes are married”
Damn I hate how plane tickets cost way more now to fly out anywhere. Guess I got to reconsider on taking a greyhound 2 Spokane next week Smh
My health insurance premiums went up another 2% this year. Blargh.
when something offline is forced online, eg previous tweets, we blame the violators. when online data is spread online, we blame the victims
Flowers remind me that a gentle love still exists.
“: don't need a let down tonight we have to take care of business tonight.”<~~smdh
Heartbreaking that #Fringe is getting worse and worse til the end. Sigh.
Settling in for
Are there any tributes to Adam Yauch still happening in NYC? Info please, if you know of any.
There are no Learning TECHniques classes over #UWM Spring Break, but this is our #300thTweet. Yay!
We will be communicating all members through our new email and if you signed up on ur contact list for org fair you will be added to it now.
Dallas has just stopped making shot in the fourth...
Who's trying to go to country night tomorrow? I'm tryna get creepy
Thats why we create so much. The city is a survivor too. And unpredictable. And gorgeous, nothing else compares.
U17 semifinal MEX v Germany. 3-2 Mexicans advance. What a match!!! Catch the replay. That means you Coach Bob.
no shit huh??? Fn idiot! Still love him tho...
You didn't know this before, but I grew to like you and viewed you as a friend I could talk to if I needed to.
A2: Don't think Eli was marketable nationally yet. Now stepping up with bro on sidelines - will be more recognizable
Finally made a print of that I'm happy with. Only 1 more to finish & hang before 6pm open of Muse
I really enjoy talking on the phone with a recruit who gets it. Great kids make that aspect of this profession much more enjoyable.
video is stupid dope doggy
NCConstitution I.36 The enumeration of rights in this Article shall not be construed to impair or deny others retained by the people
We get more page views now.
No game for me today <U+E40E><U+E403><U+E413>
genesis bitches!
Im Spottin Out My Haters, But Now Im Losing Friends...
deal! Cause then I get to see you
Ready to go home ugh!
Frank Catalanotto, the Cat, is now following me on Twitter. That was a fun email to read.
thx for the love ystrday. Archaeologists represent!
WorldCat Local makes resources outside your library more accessible than other discovery layers.
Worse than that it forces society to accept the lowest common denominator...destroys culture, values, and rewards mediocrity!
yup. :-) Have a good nite guys!
Didn't know VIP at the zoo actually existed. But I can't lie, it's a pretty nice setup
85k at 8-1600, lost a cpl pots and folded a pair and flush draw hand on turn when there was heavy action.
Let's stop #Kony now!
I am never letting plan a weekend in Indianapolis ever again. I want Winterfest!
I'll be at work, maybe tomorrow evening? You do realize I'm 33 right? LOL
V interesting presentation of library dashboard tool for monitoring IT services in real time.
Wait... Exception...
cos u r cold vampire:)
Sprained my ankle, because of my "hardcore makeout session" from yesterday. Lmfao, yes it indeed was intense. Like very much.
Shoot one to to join the mailing list and get great deals everyday!
please follow me so I can snd u a message, thanx!
please be careful CC!!!
have fun at work today! Lol
welcome to twitter! this will go to the whole world but will also come directly to me (your other followers can see this)
hey! cheek us out. we're kinda new to Vegas, from Florida. we're a legit band taking it really serious. I hope you like it! :)
Happy President's Day everyone;D Hope you enjoy the day-off.
The one possible positive I could find from today will be a #Cubs win.
Jagimo is currently experiencing technical difficulties. We're working on it. Sorry!
Great seeing you last night at the Rumble ! You got an amazing pop from the fans !! As you should !!!
I haven't missed one in 13 years...I'm gong to try and go on my own.
#irallstars. Billings: IR includes suppl material that didn't fit in the University Press's print monographs.
Kelly did a great job!!!
I hate Mosquitos
aka make em the same thing!!
IDK...ONE DAY....WELL MY SIS MITE GO OVER THERE for her birthday 14 turning 15 and she is only by her self : '(
Sleepy cake time :-[
Ciroc better than Grey Goose?
I've reserved what's left of my compassion for myself. Sheer agony ;)
10. When you buy Someday, tell everyone who tries to touch it, "IT'S MINE. I BOUGHT IT."
I have the best band mates.
say exactly what you want in life. n you'll have it
Oh muuuh gawwww, look how cute he is! He looks... alert! Phone has a nice clear cam btw!
Mari so irritating; this boy get geeked every time I fast forward the tv; lol
"Your Trusted Converting Partners for Over 25 Years!"
We have some exciting things going on at EA- check out it's brand new, and awesome!
I used the recipe you posted, which calls for equal parts juice and rum. o_O Needs more club soda…
Ok yall sorry i didnt do my blog today wasnt feeling to good but i see this #Magic and #Heat game aint going good lol......
Wow, it is. Thanks so much for the invite. I'm exploring it right now... :) It looks terrific!
Best served cold at Angelfire Saturday!!! $40 entry includes lift ticket. Come out and compete!!!
Giving isn't the same as paying taxes
Instagram Co-Founder, Steve Jobs's Widow Among State of the Union Guests -
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I would buy VIP to #BTR concert and also concerts. Luv , &
And "Horizon is a public school as a matter of Arizona law" p.78
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and maybe Prince Charming just doesn't like whiny bitches?
Looking for a new networking group to visit? Join me tomorrow 3/13 for the DreamTeam Mastermind in Richardson. Hear from 3 experts on Strat…
I promote wellness within my home&community. Have you heard of Le'vive+Body Magic=a successful way to promote the way you look&Feel within.
You'll have to come visit our new office sometime!
oh wow u finally joined the cult lol
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes
Going to express some of my artistic ability.. wish me luck haha
Happy New Years Eve everyone!!
A creative home for jewelry artists. Meet our exceptional designers and view their collections.
good luck tomorrow at state, boys! you're all gonna do great! :D
thats a great point. Not sure I am experience anxiety... but now that you say it like that I will try to pay more attention
So happy my show victorious won!!!! Proud as ever love u!!!! :* <3
Whitney RIP
haha i know! i like that they were all like "lets just cram all the scary things that happen to people into one episode"
No hangova and im up already ...!.
Fortunately I'm VERY lazy...otherwise, we'd be bankrupt! ;)
Not for his hoodie?
LOL that is funny! Looking forward to working with you.
Need teams + sponsors for Nick Lynch holiday tournament Dec 27-28 at Douglass hs
Even the mentor that hurts your feelings will teach you something if you keep an open mind. Ken Dunn
so much procrastination left to do...but did get client's quilt label embroidered and figured out pay pal invoice-surely bed should follow
Ice!!!! We don't know nobody?! Courtesy of Henessy XO- Black (smiles).
Cellular device is most likely going to die soon. D;
You're a close second to Casey B.
“: Going to the gym in a little with jordy poo, uncle eric, and pootie #excited" yeeeaaahhhh! (;
I like even more after seeing his emotions fly. Not often you see other Tour Players come out to congratulate a champ like that
No way! RT : took you guys to the wrong game. Bombers beat the only undefeated team in the league tonight!!!
Thanks, Ally. Glad you enjoyed your visit to our dealership. We look forward to seeing you again!
Beer Year, now we are talking. I like your style!
Hoping you and yours has an Amazing 2012!
OMG this movie is killin me.... BET be doin the most... its #Trois2 yall smdh
I need this money to switch hands
not referring to anything specific. Just life
Federal Agents Raid South Baltimore Flea Market &amp; Seize Counterfeit Goods - CBS Local
Dodgers sweep Nats!!! “: I am and will always be a #Yankees fan but I have to admit I'm warming up to the #Nats. You can thank
Apple needs to make a camera..
I followed you! Follow back?? <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
New high school reading standards have redefined success away from literary reading toward technical competence.
Please support Great fundraiser Tuesday night. Details at www.namelesssound.org
!!!!!!!!!!! RT Im a very happy person, unless you're on my shit list && that sucks for you.
Your life, because of who you are, has meaning
Yes it is!! =D RT : what is that i hear?? New merch from sometime soon??? :DD www.hyebyheclothing.com
Awesome. I'm good for now thanks for the offer!
Fish w/ bacon + risotto. Sauteed baby bok choi. Salad greens w/ homemade vinaigrette. Damn, I should have picked up some foie.
Next to , NBA All-Star Weekend biggest brand winner: Beats by Dre. Every fan under 18 had pair (& Lil Wayne courtside).
Well, that certainly would not make me a happy camper.
Bcuz AZ, NM, TX is Mexico?? She's the perfect example of why we need to study AMERICAN history which btw includes the SW
You got water on my bed. We can't be friends.
“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take" Wayne Gretzy
sorry to miss you--stop by the PVLA office next time and we'll introduce you to the legal services crew.
I sometimes wonder how people don't realize how obnoxious they are when talking on their bluetooth headsets.
OH SHIT SO THEY FINALLY GOT A TOUCHDOWN IN THE FINAL QUARTER WE STILL WON STOP TRYING LMAO Y'ALL FUNNY AS HELL
no they have not moved (yet) I am working between Ireland & San Francisco for now
Come on May! Get here:( already
i'm crying right now because i love yes, deep down i have emotion and i'm a sissy.
E-Tee-Moo-Kla(Peace) Moe! My name is Kofi and am a member of the Yamassee Muskogee Nation. I was wondering if this is an
I'm jealous!
hybrid vigor!
Catching up on my ustreams. Checking this one from Dec. 9 to be exact
Every #soccer team has'em. THE JOGGER: Regardless of score or stage of match, this player never changes speed.
#np 'I'm not going anywhere' Nika and Rory
Our music video is going to make you laugh till you wet yourself!!!! It's up next Thursday!!
We usually think of what was taken from us, more than what was given to us..
Thanks for the RT, Eric
Wtf my boyfriend go make me mad <U+E416>
just a lil paint knocked off.
I LOVE it! Too funny.
thanks for the shout out ms. courtney! hope you and your foodie friends are ready for some stellar craft beer nov. 5!
Espresso at this time of night? Well, that software ain't gonna write itself.
he saw you. he met you. he wanted you. he liked you. he chased you. he got you. he had you. he loved you. he got bored. he left.
Happy Birthday Bert!
do u ever get ur gurl high?
#IReallyWant , and I to live together :D
& he will kill you *winks* .
Same here! My BFFs for life ! ;)
Can Jeremy tell his brother i said hi.
Yo times square
looking for a westside rideshare this evening from downtown. don't want to pull the motorbike out in the cold n wet. anybody..bueller?
Love them!
not a great piece of theatre, nor great staging or interpretation of history, but i still really liked it: story and message
Mainland here we come!
Rarity it is then! :)
hey desk job, get up and dance!
Well, , it's well past "before 10:30 AM", so can I leave my house now? I assume you'll be wanting that signature as soon as I go?
If anyone wants to make a viral video, let me know.
That bump by Rondo was intentional.
": I had another dream about another one of my followers dying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> what is wrong with me?"// You are the Angel of Death....
....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...
our guys are too good for this pitcher. go #dodgers go!
Lord Dunmore promised freedom if they were willing fight against the Virginia militia.
At least 2 things changed today, 1 for the better, 1 for the worse. Neither really matters unless you fail to understand leverage.
heck I drive or take a cab every where. I am not so good with the CTA
Thanks so much!! Working hard to get my music out there, so I really appreciate it!
I sent it to you directly...I'm sorry maybe if you log out and log in back again..
he's been doing them for at least a week now ...
Our new store in Edgewood is officially open for business. Our Grand Opening party continues Aug 13 & 14 w/ food, drink & prize drawings.
A public vote will decide which five mobile dental clinics will split $100,000 to help grow and support programs that offer critical,...
Thanks ! We think so, too. We're excited to bring it kids all around the country.
Have a great trip. It's a lovely drive (or maybe hike/bike?).
Just remember who was there for you ..
OK MEMPHIS.BETTER REEDEEM URSELVES TONIGHT.
11-1. Bake-off and Bake Sale in Sociology (Turlington, 3rd floor). All proceeds to Kids Cafe! A Kindle and Keurig will be raffled. Join us!
Yes, of course!
Getting breakfast and doing my day right!
I'm sorry MBC but you are making me want to kill myself with this thing dragging on and on!
you make me sweat when you smile :)
Party At My House Hit Me Up. Midnight Mingle.
3680 words later, taking a break. Phew! Going to buy "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" to re-read. My style is a bit similar to Chbosky's.
Shoot when u see me that all I gotta say shot fired like dlo said we ain't fonkin ova a hoe u just fuckin up a rude nigga $$!
where do you play?
but what if he says "yes. In fact here are some VIP passes for you" :)
Reading a book, but I don't even know where it's about HAPPY BIRTHDAY to everyone who is celebrating his B-Day. Be strong, be loud, be proud
Every girl I've ever met at The Chug was a waste of time.
Lol, Yeah I was into those too, who wasnt?!#
Early Info Lit: solutions to probs can be aided by info, knowledge of info sources available is necessary for literacy (1970s def)
This is one totally fucked up movie
This stinks! RT “: IU and Kentucky will not play each other in basketball in the 2012-13 season, Indiana announced today.”
No! Who does that?! You have the busiest workplace, lol
Press Conference: Sen. Udall's message to NM visitors: New Mexico is open for business and most of the state is doing fine.
RT : break down ALL the #SuperBowl events in #indy and you find it takes an entire notebook.This city will rock for 2 weeks!
I'm@ Stuart Cellars in Temecula with Shakespeare in the Vines (Hamlet) ...running all month of July....
see what i said
Working in progress .
Speak louder! Throw the first punch.
I never iron my clothes. Ever.
Special guest posts by Join us at #Juice4Holiday at 9EST
is 5 minutes away from my house.
Today is my birthday! Please Please Please wish me a happy birthday and follow me! It would mean so much. <3
Thanks for the follow bro You got some sick beats and stellar music man Really dug John West Lovely You got talent Best wishes
I want to go to there! “: Mr. has arranged a wonderful evening for friends, and me...”
I cant wait to go to newyork...yh bby...
Mad Men Season 1: completed. Now who wants a scotch and a cigarette?
Horray! Enjoy the snowy northeast!
I like mayday parade, one direction, all time low. Anything that really isn't too mainstream. Bands like those ^^
Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae
A little Christmas Vacation to wrap up a lovely weekend of baking and celebrating with family and neighbors. Sugar cookies + cupcakes, m.
Honestly I don't think why you did was right, but I don't hate you, And I don't think you deserve the hate that ur getting.
I'm reading two books right now, one paper and the other on the Kindle. I'll have to see if I feel a difference!
I did vote for Doug La Follette in right field for the AL, though.
I would love to chat with ya'll but Baseball is looking fine today. Especially when its in your backyard.
The shows I miss that so raven proud family all that the amanda show kim possible I swear these shows were the shit.:)
Best.quote.ever.!
Firewall problem? Wu-huh?
I wish I could make tots appear merely by force of will
Thanks man only a packer fan would appreciate this
With a butt like a Buick where does get off telling us how to eat? What next How to smoke weed Willie Nelson?
I would normally say how dare you but instead will be doing the same soon.
Your position/ title at some level, matters. But, at the end of the day, what truly matters is results. Success is measured in results. If…
Nat Burton~ Therell be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover Tomorrow just you wait and see.
I am so completely over this head cold and the lack of sleep it brings. I really just want to sleep!
Lol! so what are you doing!
Lil bro is going to make the right decision for him!
I see hockey tweets - never got into it. Always wanted 2 go 2 a Thrashers game while they were here & couldnt get hubby to go.
JPS Dictionary word of the week: Chazerai- anything of little value; cheap, worthless trinkets; junk.
good look RT ": I don't drink or smoke."
Texas primaries scheduled for April 3...everyone needs to vote. As long as its for Ron Paul, otherwise u might as well vote for Obama in Nov
my mom just "touched" my iPad... And say "I really like it! I want one." I immediately thought of u. ;)
Happy #RebeccaBlack day!!! It should be celebrated with $1 #drinks from
lol right. Smh we need to xclose are eyes and count sheep.. lol im not tires though
This Wake Up ad campaign by RIM is really the most awful marketing... get Apple users to convert by offending them?
#ElementrySchoolMemories playing hand games !
. You're right about Marketo's acquisition of Crowd Factory & disabusing them of claims to birthing Social Mktg. Automation.
Cool. Thanks!
Why does Samsung think we want to carry around a super advanced giant Zack Morris phone?
I like how my,phone automatically knows LLN
I want in on Mock Fantasy Draft! Btw Congrats on your son!
There's nothing left for us here.
wtf man, I can't afford to lose followers on Tumblr, I'm already a total loser on there.
Just making sure I have the facts. Journal 1 is due monday?
It's true. I said it. “: "Can you tell me what toys you guys have in your mighty kids meal?" #McDs”
Tweet us your Pinkberry Magazine and Mandeville sidewalk chalk artwork! You could win a Pinkberry party!
That's how you do it!
I wish I had my own office. Productivity would spew from the walls #toomanydistractions #whatwasijustthinking?
Andy Rooney: Don't rule out working with your hands. It does not preclude using your head.
Los Psychosis at 2:15. Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway,
who that?
post retirement nicknames for #shaq lets hear em....
'cause you're there!
Rest in peace Junior Seau. So young!
watched the AMAs.few notes, shakira u r not beyonce, jay z u r not sinatra. lady gaa looks lke a blonde anne frank on crack, plz go hide too
Our Winter Sale 25% off Websites - eepurl.com/hUHv6
“: was so helpful. I will have the team ready by next week cc ” [glad to hear it!]
I'm following everyone that follow mee guys:)
Dumb and Dumber snowball scene is G.O.A.T. #FunniestMovieScenes !!!
only 35 more days guys.
An honor flight of #WWII vets just arrived at DCA. Crowd at arrivals broke into spontaneous applause. Sniffle.
It's snowing!! (: And I'm up wayy too late.
Breathing a sigh of relief that Astrid is okay...
Was in the middle of working when boss lady bolted into my office to tell me stop working on the Nike project. Well fucksakes.
I applaud that she's showing everyone that she's a real person and that fame isn't as glam as most think it is.
agreed, I know its such a strict standard, but there are ways balance the first amendment with the rights of the soldiers.
I put unneeded toys in a pile, so when I see u it's doggy style
You of course, will have your signature top hat, yes?
Texting once dialogue is open is sometimes OK. However, I still maintain that my cell is personal.
Fire drill at work means earbuds playing music and over-ear closed cans
Crazy. Terrible news RT : RT : BREAKING: Seven dead, three injured in Oakland Christian university shooting -AB
Haha, ok, I'll try to tweet more from it, then. Lol
When we don't say goodnight <
Me, too. So cool! RT : Wearing sunglasses, and snow on my car. I love it!
DAMNN! stephen what the hell am i suppose to do--our group is all coming later than me blahh!! ---We going to chill bro
did that start up tonight? i want to watch it. need to set my dvr
8:26 am.. is finally callin it a nite on this mix.. Be at Vinyl THIS Saturday night.. Gonna be a killer show!
i am looking for some good afro-pop. any suggestions?
If that ever happens to me, I'm sure you'll be that friend for me.
Emergence of K.Love as arguably the most complete PF this season has illuminated Blakes' room to improve. But there's nuance that's missed.
i'm an old ass man. probably good i got out while i could. i can't keep up with this pace.
I do appreciate it, I appreciate everything
sign language we dnt talk at all
nice shit bro
Your Say: Church the scapegoat - Herald Sun
At Zona Latin Nightclub w/ getting ready to wreck da stage
Only 2 more days until Saturday Remix! #Follow Nothing is Impossible with God!
SAT word of the day: jubilant - (adj.) extremely joyful, happy.
is one hungry motherfucker!
ugh at least get cooler looking ones
Have a wonderful week. Almost half way through it.
Aaliyah has always been my idol....especially in dance!
What do you do to beat the Winter Blahs? The story's on Portland's Afternoon News on KXL
Have some great talent looking for a 4 star agency to take them on
physics project done in 15 min. Bringing back that #IEDswag Wednesday!
Watching a play about the Lincoln-Douglas debates makes me miss Camp JTF bad!
your globe just arrived at Source. Ask the Twitterverse and they will answer.
Praying for those in isolation to be brought into fellowship www.organicchurchtoday.com
I can't believe and are already asleep.
Friday the 26th is twice as unlucky as Friday the 13th.
...roll me up one, roll me up one, i need it for the road!
Number 1 Rule Before Bed:Pray <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I had a dream I was drowning in Orange soda. I woke up to realize its was only a fanta sea. I was crushed.
I am afraid you are right about Vilma. I see Ed Reed wants a new contract.
I know the feeling... :\
Getting ready to present at Interaction09 @ Taylor Institute for Direct Marketing Aaron OH
In PD eating dinner now!
zero class, zero style, zero street savvy, zero intelligence and whom I can buy and sell with my petty cash box.
What desserts are you seeing at your holiday parties this year??
You do realize being honored by the Hall of Fame is perceived by virtually everyone as being a epic cool thing?
OK Avon people- who's wearing their classy Christmas sweater on Friday? I'm ready.
-Furness High School ,
Salad, spaghetti & seltzer. Writing, relaxing & keeping it easy
Hooked on HGTV...and now hooked on food network! Destined to be a
thank you(:
In Monroe Hall for a talk by Sen. Mark Warner at
Excited for a stimulating day at
Giving away DMB tickets tonight at JD Oxfords at 8pm. There are going to be a lot of birckenstocks in attendance.
Cam Newton is probably my favorite football player ever
Teachers call it cheating, but we call it teamwork. :)
Ask for forgiveness not permission. But, this is a meaningless bromide you always forgive or never forgive.
totally understand what rachel zoe is saying about delivering her baby. super scary!!!
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Pictures of their penis.
#amywinehouse - RIP. CLICK ME FOR VALUABLE WEBSITES ON HOW TO EARN FREE CASH!
No. Vanessa Macias. RT : Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
Waking up and then lying in bed for 45 min. M... the best ever.
R.I.P. to my first celebrity crush ever, Whitney Houston. Will hear your voice again in Heaven.
HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!..
Does #google really filter the news? test found there's far more filtering going on than thought. owl.li/6jWY8
awww babe! This is exactly how I feel right now! :(... I am having a bad day.
WWOS is dedicated to bringing you the latest on the Michael Vick saga!!
You are all beautiful : in your own indivisual ways
I think that's my favorite dream tweet ever.
So i'm starting my no alcohol,no carbs AT ALL diet. Only apples when im hungry & carrot w/cucumber juice diet. For the film.
It was great to finally get a chance to talk with you!
Feeling so ill today but luckily listening to and watching their music videos makes me feel a bit better <U+2764><U+263A>
I've noticed a lot of my FB friends are changing their profile pics. I just want you to know that you're all going to get smoked come Friday
LETS GET IT!
Got jokes huh?? I got him on my radar tho. He ain't gonna be retired long. He be back by week 4.
we'll see what I think come summer tho...
Had an awesome service at TRGM today.
Why come? To get latest info & policy changes to the country's #transportation & #infrastructure system based on results of the 2010
Its about to be
Ask me questions!! I'll answer the for #HonestyNight :) it can be anything
Will try moving monitors/PC so that my back isn't to people. That or I'm ripping down cubicle wall extensions before I have a heart attack.
I'm in a tweety mood.
To be nicknamed Caballo Blanco, lead an extraordinary life & have your body carried away from your resting place by a white horse is poetry.
Motörhead's "Ace of Spades" on piano in the #Lemmy documentary. Classic!
Sunday fucking drivers
Finally out school
I seriously can't wait! I'm making the fb event for your party TONIGHT so start thinking of people
I need to buy a new suit, too, after I lose some weight. :-)
Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next!
Daily Special, Mon 04/09/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
On the way to work 2day : Saw two squirrels copulating in someone's lawn. That was different.
Clear the freeway please, I'm coming thru. Snap, snap.
I have to admit idk any off these dudes drafted besides the qbs
belated thanks for the #FF!
Only 1 more day of classes at ... then #UDgrad11 !!! We will really miss all of our loyal customers that are graduating.
Is it just me or is Joshua's white cowl neck sweater a bit distracting?
We get so busy tending other people's backyard that we forget how messy our yards are.
Commission takes ten minute break. Will resume line drawing at that time.
Do me a favor! and go like on facebook. just search In Audika
I'm NOT a fan of #NCState but #KarlHess and refs on ego trips> fired / retired. Tossing fans because of comments? Bad Ref'ing = BAD Ref'ing
I'm not sure how much more metro disaster I can take. RT Another Metro red line tragedy causes havoc for the afternoon commute.
Lots of people at the Norfolk/Florida game, wonder why
hey , thanks for the follow!
please save me!
#thatcamp #ncph2012 stickers are now available at the #chnm stand in front of 202A. Available for all attendees!
Hitting the beach one last time before we head home!
Invite only am I right?
Just realized there is one more weekend at home and then I have no at home weekends for the rest of... 2010 pretty much.
I think they ship internationally.
Sorry folks, our website will be down for a little bit...Hang tight!
RT : It is not warm.
Still gotta serve 8 yrs. #krushedyourcool ": Aww man Boosie not guilty? Yea"
Let's send our unwanted foodstuffs that we bought unwittingly realizing it contains GMOs, and mail it to Monsanto with a GMO label on it!!:)
DONE can i have a shoutout :)?
SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS.. THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH. I REALLY APPRECIATE IT. I FOLLOW BACK... JUST SEND ME A MESSAGE. HAPPY EASTER
iPod Nano watch??? Such a great idea!
your Facebook overdosed doing cocaine with Charlie sheen
You all are the best! 300 Followers!!!
Today has been pointless.
I miss football...don't u?? Lol Can't wait for next year! Ugh
3rd floor cold, 2nd floor hot as fuck, 1st floor average. Its uncomfortably hot
Real steel is a great movie...we rented it a couple nights ago.
Developers are also using APIs to innovate on ways to visualize data
I hate having a uterus >:|
got u!
Epic Shepherds Pie :-)
Love it when you talk that talk to me..
Almon hits a fly ball to left. Oglivie is there! He's GOT IT and the Brewers win a tight one!
I think Design Taxi posts the worst "design" ever. I stopped following the blog a long time ago. Instagram "real" camera??
Isn't a little early to be cranking the AC? I'm on Metro #feezingcar #4042 haded to Shady Grove.
Illegal to sell, you can have any of my beer whenever you want. That beer was terrible & almost gone, you can have the rest.
Soccer game tonight!!
Thank goodness for such a beautiful day! Come to the Avenue and drop by for one of our delicious burgers!
The difference is Zville is already the highest on the North side. They chased away commercial for a lot of years
Hey It's Whalers!
Bummer. Don't worry, I am sure its not to bad. Let me know if I can help.
you suck foo
Oh No. I confess that I have done this before. Very painful. Sometimes you gotta know when to shut 'er down...and go see a movie!
Just chatted about journalism & storytelling to Careers class at SDHS. Smart Q's & great kids. Inspiring for me too!
[sigh] I just won't give up that easily...and wouldn't enjoy watching if I did...
Twitter can be absurd, but at the same time it can be fun and often it can be useful.
Just figured out I can use the iPhone to do ustream, so I'm going to go live in about 20 minutes. Stay tuned please
Congrats to for winning FeBROary
Word play
sometimes catching up on email is a full time job
We're at the /Toronto Raptors game tonight... in separate sections. There's like 450 people here. Way to
Gotta hit up MilkBoy today for their coffee.
I am loving #Spreecast these days. It's a great way to broadcast live & integrates into Social Media.
all the strength I have, comes from you.
If you leave voicemails you're a faggot
haha yeah that's probably a bad sign....
#IReallyMiss my Daddy.he was the greatest man alive. R.I.P Daddy.i love you and i know you would be proud of the strong woman i have become.
He laughs LOL
Creighton plays at 12:40 on Friday, which means that I need to start begging to get off work on Friday afternoon!
Out with the my boys
Thanks for the #FF honorable mention! That was quite some company to keep. :-D
hopes everyone has a great thanksgiving break! If you have any questions feel free to leave them here! Happy Thanksgiving! :)
TRUTH! re: Don't over-analyze things. You'll end up creating a problem that never existed.
HA I was wrong I thought it would be LIRR they are notorious!
why are u trying to be an asshole..good guys may win slowly but u will have real people who care in the LONG run #GOODgirl advice
Yes! RT Mistake America
that was a good pick
Lol...oops...I meant, happy wednesday!
Northern cal is much no nicer than So cal. I am native californian now in
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEMI! :) have a great day and know that all your fans love you to death!
Really talking shit knowing ima be the first one to save his ass. Smh. lol.
don't have many friends
gonna try to do the same thing before dark tonight. our street is kinda glowy right now.
Just woke up from a nap and I feel dead
First half: Disappointing finishing, but encouraging on the possession.
You needaa stop, your annoying nobody wants to hear you complain about how much you hate So Thnx k bye.
At Eerfest In downtown Charleston! Come by and say hi if you are here. -cw
I only go on Facebook now to check out your amazing music and LIKE your pages because unlike many people, I wanna support YOU (;
what the hell does beez in the trap even mean?
started the day with an email that EOR just received a $1000 donation. We have amazing donors! That $ is going to do big things in Ethiopia
great morning to you!
Finally Got some rest today
i can tweet like no other. :)
Funny how you could hurt me every day and I'll still love you. Stupid or in love? i don't know.
Happy Thanksgiving Mark! Thank You for your Magnificence! I am truly blessed to know you. With Love (as always)
going for a run then relaxing all nigth : )
when he gets famous which I know he will
I just realized that it doesn't matter what I do, I can never make anyone happy.
WOW WHAT A FINISH!!!
Enjoy your weekend! You have earned it!
The only advantage of stress frozen yogurt eating... I think I've put on a lot of muscle. #WIN?
Does existence of DH center make other librarians complacent about developing DH skills? Good point!
You don’t need to know the details or how you are going to manifest what you want. Let your heart and the universe do the work.
If only I can get a follow or a tweet from :( I also adore her as much as I adore Colton.
I'm very happy to report that SALVAGE THE BONES has been scheduled for review at The New York Times Book Review!
Court hears Fitch cuts Nokia to seduce Le Pen voters Iran unlikely to junk, outlook negative.
Thanks Josh!
Fresh off work about to get CoCoLosoWasted!
beef? What about scrap?
“: waking up still a little tipsy from last night <<<” Hahahahaa u would ;)
Oh my Grande! Upload a video and sing it to us!!<U+2661>
but who are we kidding, no one votes in Baltimore!
: Yes. They DID.
I am addicted to tweeting
I miss you to LOVE :-)
What recreational sports/activities do you enjoy during summer? A softball league? Kayaking? Hiking? Frisbee golf? Something else?
I thinl kenny is lip singing
why am I awake? it's 4:15am
Take them. Pitchers always have the advantage... until they give it up.
My phone dies WAY too fast
B rose with
At Seatac, Vegas bound!
I had a bad thought. A storm front moves through tonight leaving only Lawrence, KS without power starting at around 8:23pm.
haha I'm with us there...it's so hard to break up w a feed though
call me 4127798323
If it doesn't kill you, it will make you a stronger person.
what do u like about it????
At doc with kimmy
Thank you!!!
Drake Juice Instrumental >>
p.s. agrees about clowney& carolina
We have a new Captain America. Kenny Vaccarro leaps tall buildings, sacks QB with a single bound. Now, do something offense.
you are beginning to sound suspiciously like
If little kids R waiting in freezing temps 4bus that came&left 2quickly people in charge need 2B more responsive not misleading
I'm doing inquiry in a modified way--but I'm also working with high school teachers who are trying it out. Thanks for reading it
#WordPress #Tools Admin Dropdown Menus – Streamline your crowded admin panel menus by turning them into dropdown menus.
Now I know it looks bleak for the Knicks & they probably won't win but I'm a loyal fan & I'm saying Let's Go Knicks until the final horn
It's Christmas Day & I feel your love. Your warm hugs envelop me from up above. Stay w/me this glorious day. Ride w/me in Santa's sleigh.
You have a network, though, and maybe somebody knows an IP lawyer willing to help.
Austins hair, omg.
If you haven't ordered your copy of #JulietAnUnpopular yet, you may well be the only one.
why do the establishment Romney people think that negative attacks trying to make people vote against newt is what we want?
ah yes cause he won the MVS award.. not MVP
That's right, #UK hangs National Championship banners!
Aye how you like me now? Mixtape coming soon hopefully done by end of december!
GOOD GOOD GOOD SUPER GOOD LUCK
THANKS DEE!!!
Participating in Wesleyan's "Do Good" day!
-_- who gives a rats ass about what people want or think. Be happy and have fuun YOLO haha
lucky, my school is just bad.
Today is my bday, but my thoughts are with the millions of men who were sexually abused as children. To them birthdays can be meaningless.
One lovely thing about #Twitter and social media--it encourages interaction, the spread of ideas. And that's a good thing.
It's always cumbia hour in Dallas.
I probably shouldn't have snoozed for the last 2 hours
It's a beautiful day. Oh that I were in Connecticut just for a day, just for a drive to the shore or through the hills.
what happened to Nolan Smith?
Is that Shaka in your picture??
I just took the Science SBA Test!!! I feel like a total loser): I was the last one to finish with like 5 min left out of the 3 hours we had.
Thanks for following!
thanks for tweeting about the project! :)
im so dumb! i couldaa had it! :(
Let's go racing boys!
At all times do I hate using a PC
Just seems like a random thing to host on a HTTP server, but your point is also valid.
update: waiting on just
Ebert's Greenhouse returns to the Westown Farmer's Market today! 10am-3pm, Zeidler Union Square!
Just talk yourself out and tear yourself down.
TEXT ME ASAP
S/o to the dumb mother fucker that called Valentina telling her I was "pregnant". Yep. Definitely. My baby's name is Laquandre. Holla.
- Could this be a sign of his joining Philadelphia Union as the Head Coach?!
Easy to stand out when niggas is clones.
happy about the tender offer? Broncos team and fans need u!
Woke up late :/ heading to school I have 3 before in late
boys are growing bigger every day! U still hairdressing? Maybe I'll come over for a cut : D
where did the weekend go it is like it just flew right by and i mist it
Good meeting you tonight man
Damn - do you know what's a good album? Chill in Brazil The Samba and Bossa Lounge. Off the hook.
Can't wait either!! We'll book tomorrow!
I bid you all a fair night
Wunderbar! RT : Dell to launch Solution Center in Frankfurt/Main enabling customers to prove next gen solutions
switching over to my work Twitter. Nice to see you tweeting w/ And it looks like I was already following you here.
its prolly snowing really good over there huh.
Been a long time but new phone so get ready for some lame tweets to fry your brain on
I'm hungry ^_^
we really do! Call the Manager Darryl please or email us your contact info
you'll get the hang of it... It's easy.
"start selling process." the method and the destination are both important.
Had a gggggrreaaaat day! n0w miSsInG my rUgRaT like cRaZy...!!...
First time I'm smelling burning sage down here. Haven't smelled a lick of weed yet.
radio contests are rigged
Yo mr. Prez. Help trend Bring1DtoB96? Niall loves you. & your daughters live one direction.
Let's Keep It Going
Yes! Putting this in my "ideas to pilfer" files.
Don't holla at me over Facebook or twitter then hid behind yo girl cuz I ain't afraid to hit her XP
You're all that I'd hoped I'd find, in every single way. And everything I would give, is everything you couldn't take.
WE have the WOW for EDU Reforms/Excellence in Undergraduate/K-12 Teaching. We combine learning styles of Socrates/Einstein/Newton.
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart appetite for destruction! Yeah I know, it's an album, you figure it out...
Thanks for the #FF!
awesome! Thanks!
I want some!
where would the world be with out an emotion like #LOVE?
That was extra mean of you to say...
Me: Let's watch a good movie together. Wife: We're watching this, it has Patrick Dempsey in it.
Was at the nail shop and this lady was talking about she worked at a nice job and she loved it Me: oh yeah where do u work Her: Alorica ..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I love the way you smile, it makes my day!
#runsinthefamily RT : How i beat my grandma for lunch is beyond me
My bed is so fucking soft right now. I love it
I started following him this morning!
Thank u Dr. Oz 4 ur information about apple juice. I want 2 B informed about all products sold N this country. Keep up the good work.
yeah me either.
Yarmis: Making a distinction between citation recommendation and an assignment.
Do you watch the conversation with on lifetime? It's such a smart and healthy(mentally) program. Be on it PLEASE:-)
the story is no longer linear #mw2012 #musesocial #lurker & what is it about cats?
Funny a few years ago pocket lint didnt even wanna hang...
Ima ace this test tomorrow ^_^
Hey sweetie I need you here tonight and I know you don't wanna be leaving I just feel complete when you're by my side<U+2764>
that's Awesome Cuz!!
Are you guys seriously arguing about ASTROLOGY?
yeah, don't you remember?
Today Is national wear red day. Be a rebel and wear purple
- Hope you can make it. We'll play that one for you. :) #pochoslive lospochos.com
Can't Wait ..I Got Some Things On My Mind!
Stop by this weekend to see our newest addition - lambing season has begun at Kline Creek Farm!
how do i put this...... the crematory next to our office building fucked up somehow. video will be up in about 2 hours
tempted to eat dinner now. Just printed tonight's specials #SXSW CHOP> raspbrry chipotle peppercorn pork chop & lobster tail
One of those days where you accidentally break up with someone on Facebook and the wolves come out like crazy.
try reeses chocolate pie :)
Is your internal programming taking you where you want to be? Do your foundational beliefs support you as you go after your dreams and goals
Babe's twitter is too dry for life so i'm takin' over tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Im in the High Way To Hell
The battlefield is the mind. Be Blessed!
guys, you made me ink..
ok! no wonder drew loves her.. her whip whip double double is the TEA
Went to the gym. Got a good workout. Someone had their dog there, I got to sneezing and itching so bad - I had to leave. No comment...
Did you know that the Governor signed Del. O'Bannon's PE bill into law?! Learn more about this, and the Center's other legislative...
so when are we going
It's been pretty rough going, but I think I finally beat my crippling addiction to sobriety.
Just a obstacle to over come. Your free time will be valuable, choose who you spend it with wisely.
Panthers take Cam Newton i bet
RT : Ol dude E ain't no tougher than a Teletubbie/ what kinda nigga u know call HIS bitch hubbie????<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Hello! <U+2661> Well. Here's my personal account but my other account is so follow both account up!!! <U+2654>
I bet she wore them proudly yesterday! Nothing screams Cinco de Mayo like some Pumas
Yea buddy, I'm not gettin my ass wiped 2dae, yea bitch
I know right?? I saw that and was super glad I took it when they told me to.
I wonder if they're going to play some Petey Pablo for the #shirtoff event on ?
damnit! Party just ended...now at the Sackler
Cable is back.
Have you and ever collaborated on anything? Near-future prescription drug running between SEA and VAN?
Love your logo
hey speaking of that, did you ever see the Burn Notice movie about the fall of Sam Axe?
I'll DM it to you
#murphy for LA lakers is a bitch ctfu
I hate when sluts trick a good man n2 datin her...n then when he fall he find out she a hoe n fuk it up for nonsluts lookin for good men...
can somebody tell me what time the lakers play tonight plzz
We had such a blast last night. Thanks for hosting us and helping us collect some ideas.
Memphis Tennessee here i come!
* That Faithful Moment* When U realize Ur mentors & pillars of the community abuse their Power* ... <---- SMH
I've seen pictures and the turnouts are amazing. What is the atmosphere amongst the people? (hopeful, angry, etc.)
I am one out of a few that are alive. Follow me.
Thanks all!
WHERE WE'RE YOU TODAY!! I MISSED YOU </3
'Yourself or Someone Like You' by Matchbox Twenty continues to influence me as a musician, almost 16 yrs after I first bought it.
What's your favorite local coffee shop?
Looks like the MobileMe Sync menu item. Sys Pref->Mobile Me->Sync and uncheck show status.
It is my birthday!
or a hd w both - where are you tomorrow?
definitely the US one. The UK one was more linear and cinematic, but the US one was so much more intense and mysterious.
#1 what's ur favorite type of shoes? #2 what's ur favorite thing to do besides dance? #3 follow me? <3
agreed. on earth day this year i witnessed someone throw an entire McDonald's value meal out their car window while driving... grr
FOR WHAT FOR WHAT FOR WHAT **Peeta<3**
Fabulous, Harley got to Jasmine. Stay tuned as puppies will probably follow in three months.
Dear Hospital Recruiter, CFO, Supply Chain Manager, CNO, CMO, Practice Manager, Very Important Person Reading This...Do you ever hang up th…
We have over 20 years of personal experience treating customers to the finest luxury sedan transportation at reasonable cost! (248) 971-3100
USE YOUR WORDS DAMMIT
Being an E.Engineer,I'm clear on the formula thing. And like your scientist,who admitted "Recent G.W."know it takes little change.
Recycle for The Paramount event! Sat. July 17 8a-3p Bring all recyclables except tires, trash or furniture. Main St. to 12th St. pk lot
Nice luca ur head really hurts
how's the whole spread hate program working for you?
Not yet - was giving the wine a couple days to settle down. Will probably open one tonight or tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
Poland to impose border controls for Euro 2012
roman abromovich??? “: Hit me with some #doghouse candidates for the show. I know you have some!”
If you see something, say something. If you think a child has been abused, please call 1-800-25-ABUSE
Heart tattoo?? Isn't it a lot easier and safer to get one on your arm or leg?
CFM has apples, cheese, eggs, salsa, flowers, tomatoes, corn, it goes on and on.
Sometimes I get annoyed by the CONSTANT male company at my house. I want to slam my head into a wall. Repeatedly.
Congrats to Djokovic for his Wimbledon title!
Y'all, the brewery in St. Louis still operates. It's just owned by foreign bros.
little help please
my favorite song that you wrote is overboard i can relate to that song and i just ove the lyrics and the way u sing it
Keep the @'s coming Bugs! This is great! We truly want to hear what you want/where you need us!
Woo? Haha.... Seems cool!
the taxi driver we had last night just came to the door with my wallet. didn't notice it was gone. lololol im so smart.
Worse part of being sick is the total loss of any concept of time. It's 4:30 am and it feels like 3pm. more theraflu please.
and I hate you
Sipping iced mocha in deep contemplation, we are playing game of fate and it is now your move.
Garfunkel and Oates will be at Cobb's Comedy Club in San Francisco next Friday!
WAKE THE FUCK UP GIANTS!
The I talked to tonight said, "You're exactly the person I wanted to talk to!" Well played.
these bitches be bipolar
Feels good to be back on my routine again.
Thanks! I look forward to having you join us!
will Cats play in afternoon or evening game on Thurs?
last minute bands needed for slots on March 30th! **
Yup yup! Captain that's me! Lol : hahaa I never knew that was Captain Commando?! ;)
. garry passed away last night on a motorcycle accident... he didn't make it ;( look on my facebook wall
Was expecting to see you. What happened?
$180 last yr 4 a book never used. didn't buy back b/c of a new ed. the class is using it this yr.
Thanks for the follow, Brielle.
Feelin' good. Great way to start this Saturday!
One day my boobs are gonna fall off from all them scooping me
Whatever dude! jajaja
praise God lovely prayer!
Did you win the SBIR dept of ed grant?
Learning about this english dude that lived in ireland that wrote a famous persuasive paper and the whole time i think about Niall hahaha
Apply NOW for THATCampVA! Deadline Oct 25. BootCamp & #thatcamp to be held at in C'ville, Dec 17-19.
welcome to the club!
A pleasure to meet you! Really like the avatar--very appropriate. :)
nice job on the Today Show yesterday. Loved the remixes and those snazzy moves!
Baseball is SO exciting! Bunt, bunt, intentional walk. I can't handle this much intense suspense!
#redeye is growing on me. I wonder if its the cocktail.
you are very welcome!
ya I knoe !
Just got woke up, it felt like something was watching me and it scarred the jesus out of me!
In teamwork, silence isn't golden, it's deadly. - Mark Sanborn
dm me your email....pass on a preview
So freaking tired...
SFC Jorden will be in the house in 36 hours and I can't wait! Haven't seen him since the middle of March - been the longest 3 months ever!
got a link to the EJ report?
I hate riding this bike makes my ass hurt
you should pay more attention. Pid learn how not to just go to the playoffs, but actually win once you're there.
Generations, our new family portrait that is beyond cool! It is a great way to have a multi-generation family portrait
u feel me? shiesty peeps
/// Don't forget about me. I still gotcha on some tunes.
Florence + The Machine is making this paper-writting-session almost bearable.
WHAT excites you in life?
is she almost home because ill be at your house soon.
Probably already been said, but finishedb
Now Following!
the girl next to me looks like a troll. it is not intentional.
If you see a squirrel in the middle of the road while driving, don't swerve... instead run it over.
you have pretty hair. :)
Artists are not people who "want" to create, they are people who "have" to create.
Expect a NEW POST tomorrow! Anatomy of a Shoot Out:)
I LOVE #Glee! Excellent job on the Whitney Houston song "I Will Always Love You." Last minute addition or part of original script?
Don't go back to someone who hurt you countless times just for a second of happiness.
We're getting ready to start here at Johan Galtung's workshop- great turnout!
what hw do we have?
JT said he having it cracking for y'all birthday. Lol v day sweet tarts and everything.
hey kami who's your favorite disney princess?
“ “ and need to link up #RealNiggaz Goin In Feedin Da Streetz Make It Happen! #Network””
California's attorney general says state will get up to $18 billion under a federal-state mortgage settlement to be announced later today.
This time Irma blogged luxurious, whimsical, and selfish
Same to you! Have a Great blessed weekend!
The Rock, Vin Diesel, and Paul Walker all in one movie. What more can a girl ask for? Lol
Great video--TY for sharing. Interesting in particular coming on the tails of #EarthWeek last week!
All the potheads that missed school today < People in the LoboDen trying to get scholarships done
Hate to feel so alone... Wassup wit my twitthearts!?
I wish I could bill and for the time I spend fixing their miscommunications.
Ok. I'll continue to do that that way then.
Mark, I thank you so much!
oh your in wisconsin,....no i am not from there
; I never noticed you followed me (: But when I did , I was One Happy Camper (:
TONIGHT-Come check out our New Sound System in the Back Room with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc Playing Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music!!!
It's almost here!...“An Evening with the Arts” Richard Chudnow, Laura Gordon, Richard Hynson, Laurie Winters, David Fantle, Susan Scot Fry!
Didn't Johnny Cash write a song about killing a woman for weed in Jackson?
DO THEY MAKE DOGGIE COLLARS?? I WANNA B FIERCE LIKE U Jill....!!
Franklin was easily the foremost American scientist of his day, and his ingenuity was immensely wide ranging.
Sounds like someone may need to go to the doctor! Feel better! :)
I hope it rains when I'm trying to fall asleep too.
thank you everyone for the super sweet comments, retweets and support! this has been quite an epic journey!!
FUCK THE COWBOYS! GOODNIGHT.
ohh yeah thats a cool show..and it was for this short movie
Heading directly into the epicenter of the epicenter of Cool.
can't students, teachers, & admin all help each other to learn & grow? I would add parents too. 360 eval 4 all
that's funny and offense SHOULD be taken. good one Espi.
Watching #actofvalor w
#Flyers are kinda like an #NHL12 3-man glitch kid team. Grinded down all game but can force a pass to the slot & get rewarded at any time.
I would love the opportunity to share my work with you. I am a green sculptor based in Chicago. JeffreyBreslow,com
has the jankiest election graphic ever. Get rid of that thing!
If you like adventure, check out With Eric West on facebok for Mt. Everest trivia updated daily and other cool travel stories
If you yell like an idiot at a golf tournament just to get your voice on TV, you should be kicked out.
Are you honestly citing batting average to me in a serious way? What is this, the time of Charlemagne?
Now Desmond Jennings has more homeruns than Carl Crawford this #postseason also!
My mom is talking to the dog over the phone...
likely story! haha j/k
“For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.” Judy Garland Judy Garland
- Skip wins the James/Wade clutch debate AGAIN!
Don't waste time waiting for inspiration. Begin and inspiration will find you. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
This would probable be the correct charge & justice in cases like this, then discovery, investigation, preliminary hearing to way evidence
i wish! it sounds amazing!
you say that cuz u didn't win.
Thanks for the great welcome tonight at Gateway Community Association meeting!
Good things happening @ The Library: Gotta Eat Sweets truffle brownies are 50% off! Free orchid with every chocolate purchase!
I take it M is not interested in a haircut? You're trying to get validation from your followers? :)
My wife is a smart cookie. :-)
If I could coin a phrase for my 30s, it'd be 'aches in new places.'
PasoFino on the road.... Driving through Alabama, 15 of us will hit Pensacola in about 4hrs... See you on the dance floor! ;)
true. But don't be like would be if he saw Justin bieber. You're a pro.
seeing the movie avengers the other day is giving me the itch to play those marvel games and batman
Paper. Movie. Paper. Movie. Paper... Okay, good plan
So cloudy. Days like these make me wish I had a cat!
Glad to hear! Looking forward to going back as well.
sounds good, thanks for getting the convo. going
I remember that! 11:44 seconds of awesome, minus the Ja Rule part lol
“: Thanks again for the shout-out! Hope everything is great” Anytime!!
I really hope Andy Samberg has a role in all shark week shows as well as hosting the whole thing- and maybe a music video featuring a shark
ME lol i used to have it and write in invisible ink so no1 could read it but after a while i coudlnt read it cuz it faded
I'll bring my camera to work next week and we can take a new one!!!
it's the only way to keep some fan base and return to my roots
I need up to 1,000 followers
aw i love u too
Awwwwhhh my roommate was talking about me on the phone cause he thought I was asleep & he said really nice things. I still hate him but awww
follow me? :)
oh yeah
you're my favorite person on twitter!
Back in Nashville! Off to Johnson City for the weekend in a couple of days. check out the new website Eric put together!!! TomSmithGuitari
Artist website happening soon! So excited learning web development in a few weeks
Natpe - Canada half a billion for the taking - Host jay switzer spent time saying how great guests were. No info shared here! Total waste!
thanks so much for following! :)
Getting ready to share a word as we remember the life of Dr. Ed Smith who taught me while a student What a wise servant of God
Thanks for the RT!
« « Deep conversations >»»
how long have you been out here?
Haha! Maaybe... when's it due? And how many cookies do I get?
I think should follow me cause she's amazing:)
Wow!!! Thanks again for playing my music! Just got this message, been so busy....I appreciate the support, rock on!!!
Here's to hoping my bus driver only looks like a mafia dude since I called him rude to his face.
: Happy Birthday !
If you happen to be into any sort of music that is mildly good whatsoever you may happen to find an overly sexual jam on the new
when your twitter stream is all about used condoms found in library books, [it's hard to think of a good independent clause]
Not at all, just felt inclined to say that pertaining to remark about 's situation is different
Wondering when Google+ is going to pick up... c'mon Facebook, just let people add sparkly backgrounds and speed up the process
do the early 20th c. conversations sound familiar to today's mass transit discussions / controversies?
OMG <3 lol aww i told u everything would get better! :D
Face ass bitch!
Other Lives instore performance at Amoeba Hollywood on Monday. There is going to be a giveaway twitter-game happening STAY TUNED!!!
Worried about the environmental impact of your remodel? Ask Select Floors about sustainably harvested engineered hardwood flooring!
you notice ? but not me and you follow her. :'( *tear,tear* I LOVE YOU JUSTIN
grahh! I wanna see
i totally dont fit in with my lunch table...
Can't say for Mitt Romney, but we know where stands on #LillyLedbetter: she voted against it.
do it!!! Next time invite me ahead of time and I'll come!
I seriously feel like I'm about to pass out.
I feel bad for those people that no one likes, yet you bring it upon yourself so....
Shorter Mitt Romney: Sure I didn't get bin Laden...but I brought pizza!!!
Anything , I'll be waiting for you >:)
is there a link that i can go to purchase the #FCHW shirt??
wins ACM FEMALE VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
I wish you answered my phone calls before you just start tweeting ha... I guess I'll try to call you again
Paranormal Activity 3 tonight!!
I will have to come see you!! Lol when do you work next?
Package partners will be sent out some time tomorrow! Thank you for all who joined and helped spread the word! :)
well thank you I appreciate it :) I'm sure you can sleep better now knowing that I'm home safely ;)
GEITNER MUST GO.
Dreaming Happy
What happened to John Kerry face?
#SAYSOMETHIN is truly perfect in every way <U+2764>
Orioles in the Win Column!
My little man will be four in 12 days.. what happen to the time?
good luck!! I don't think you need it!!
Our organizer was intrigued by "contemplative man", we would love having that on the blog.
So much work now through the 26th - I feel a little bit like I'm going to die.
Hey #LosAngeles what are you up to this weekend? I hear its going to snow in Burbank! That is according to igoogle weather btw!
Thank you so much really appreciate the mention!
Very cute!
yes, quarter lifers are def out there & stratejoy.com has a blog w/ 4 different girls blogging about their QLCs in real time!
#Iknewiswasoverwhen she said Ya know...
Icy hot me down!...But really just on my right calf. And right shoulder blade.
If you put your trust in borrowed money versus trusting God, then you will always be a slave to this world’s system.
Hola! Come to the #AAPC Welcome Reception, have a Mixpotini, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad!
Nothing against her, but I missed that era. Now if Winnie Cooper starts talking cars...
on on Demand! :D best day ever!
2012 is turning out to be very exciting! Come find out why 1964 has in common with 2012
Seeking a Construction Manager w/HVAC experience in Columbus OH
We're live with the latest on a deadly Milwaukee freeway shooting on This Morning.
Yeah, thats why its weird that its just now making its rounds & getting so much attention.
I don't like Black women #ThingsBlackMenInMiamiSay <--- Now that's some mental shit to research.
Then you should see me smoke sometime , lol
Fallout Boy <3
I'm upset cuz I tried to buy concert tickets in Denver,co n their all sold out :(
so. more people should follow me so that i can get to 1000 like soon. :)
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.” <U+2015> Leo Buscaglia
Worth starting Ball tonight?
Your voice is beautiful!
New FB Band app. You can download a free tune from my album by joining the mailing list. So have a listen!
Don,t forget--Battle of the Bands at the CN BULL in 2 weeks--May 28 12 kick-ass bands for you to enjoy
Kuddos to for killing it on today!
hmm.. lol. why did u just go hard on my twitter like that with 50 thousand continuations.. u were waiting on this topic huh?
#casamono in Manhattan highly worth trying.
Lacey, WA what up?
that's easy, become a packer fan
forgive me Francine, I left out a Z - Happy Mother's day!
Friday, the waiting room to the weekend.
I'm not good at that :x help me out !
Just finished watching Wrath of the titans what an amazing movie(: boredd pin:32F75362
Congrats! I'm in too. (I'm rooibosqueen when I pin.) I hope they change their suggested images more often. You?
I would like to give a shout out and special thanks to all my customers! Thanks for the opportunity to service you!
happy payday.
mom called me FREAKING out about last night. What did you do?
She needs to keep her damn mouth shut!!!
time to find a sewing machine that works!
ok since you chicas are on it, I will too
I can't wait til my shower
I would have loved to hear him speak! I am an avid reader...love literature, history, novels etc.
pick up your phone doofus
Having only talked w/ Tim #Tebow briefly before his on-air ints with us Let me just say I wish him nothing but the best in NYC!
Prince Royce is plain and simply cute.
Ready for Spring break!
it's all good today, last night, not so much but it all worked out.
so. Firey feeling in my right temple is making me want to vomit.
No, never that. Sleep's important. Like...procrastinating, haha.
So jquery cant understand native touch events or html 5 drag and drop events. Regular js ftw!
If you're on a faux meatball hunt, quorn meatballs are pretty good.
Hopefully... Still a lot of 'What ifs'
Hunger Games was G R E A T <3 Saw it with the bestfriend . Gonna leave in a few to the airport (:
here is another spoiler alert. "man unfollowed and blocked on twitter for insensitivity and poor taste in humor"
Q: What 2011 trend are you ready to be over in 2012 (fashion or otherwise)?
local coverage cracks me up-love watching them struggle to find 50 different ways to say "it's snowing"! Enjoy your weekend!
Imma need to text me in the morning . I have good news for u (: lol
dont feel bad, they almost packed 6k ppl into phillips today 2 watch #GeorgiaTech play the #3 ranked team in the country.
Just when you get use to something, it changes. Facebook is now implementing the timelines for business pages! Check out our new look!
Kris Joseph is the first Orange this season to have a double-double, 20 points/ 10 boards.
give us a follow back so you can direct message us your address so we can get you your #BallSoHard gear
Happy Birthday to the King Of Reggae...~Bob Nesta Marley!
Most days I think my supervisor is working with a third of a brain. That or she is retarded.
<3(: hope you having a great day(/
So stoked for that show! I love that record!!
Well if anyone is going to beat us at least it was Chris young.
"I hold speckled shag carpeting in the highest regard" - Keith Hensley, haha very nice. -PS
Most damaging words in network marketing? "I don't know that many people." Randy Gage
RT : #TheGame season 5 is coming back in January. Prepare for an amazing, shocking and fabulous season!!!!
Mrs. Hobbs booobies today. O.O
Respect and remember, Sharing is caring!
you either texted "i love you" or "i hate you".
Oh I'm sorry. I didn't know being 90 pounds was considered fat.
S/O to my longtime friend we are almost 20yrs in big homie that's a milestone.
I can not send send or receive images I am on Unlimited everything PLAN??
My vote for host of Wrestlemania this year is ! Meowww
that nap was refreshing
Can i just get my iPhone nowww
I know!
how the heck did u manage that many in scholarships? Can dm me if u need to
Trying out the blogging thing, I just posted my second blog. Find it at www.losangelesvoicetherapy .com under blogs!
RT : The true measure of a leader is not the # of followers but the # of leaders created. // that's good.
Shon Greenblatt (Oscar Delancy from the movie) is at the show tonight :)
Just keep droping these hot tracks funny thing is when that deal come I gone still give love to those who doubted me but my support team stg
SURE i'll follow you :)
Hulk is my favorite!
I like it!
My best friend and I are going on a road trip this weekend to Ohio to see her brother and his wife. We will have fun talking all the way.
Congrats! That's great!
Awkward moment when you realize a student has a crush on you and is clearly trying to think of excuses to stay during your office hours.
Low Price Large Cast Iron Tetsubin Teapot Warmer Arr Black- teapot warmer
I'm going to pride dis summer and imma have a bad ASS female sit on mii face
Your broken foot? Hardly life threatening. Die a little faster.
yea yea yea
Being Single can be a time for carefully planning how to get what you really want in your life and in a relationship.
I just want to relax today... So, I'm hoping that no one bothers me!
Yes. Hope they keep it up!
Yeah, I'll be there.
I didnt know you had a twin in chicago, i spot him (;
Never give up on a dream. Live your life, before there's nothing left to live.
You! Yes, you! Please help me find the best alternative to
what a day! sun shining. birds chirping. as the grateful dead so eloquently said "aint nothing left to do, but smile, smile, smile."
S/O to this cutie pie
10 more days of junior year! #WhaaDFuu?!
Thank you!!!
Will it be acoustic? :) So excited to watch the cover if you'll play the guitar. ;)
I'm wondering why "Hollywood" week on American Idol looks so much like Pasadena?
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer
thanks, friend :)
Well it 3am I'm going to bed. Gnight twitter
seems pretty intent on keeping things moving as the Senate goes through 30 amendments to the transpo bill.
OMG! George Zimmerman attorneys have withdrawn as counsel!
#GOINGDEEP do you ever get tired of your job?
Harry Potter marathon and Chinese food? Perfect combination.
#badgeless2012 and #toothbrushless2012, and headed to Don't worry, I'll make a stop for Altoids on the way.
It's strange how songs strike a memory and puts u in a familiar place
So I gave in and got a 4s. Any gotchas?
Crazy For You by is still in rotation. STILL
dani is my nickname RT “: oh wow you gonna finish it or record it if you wrote it than why it say by dani simmons”
“: ": Don't forget to #vote team #Obama"”of course
you suck!
just playing, come on tho there's some hot blondes out there
I've been a little off the chain tonight. ;-) #CAPS!!!!!!!
are you shaking like ?
in my way younger days I applied with Kelly while in last throes of the "Kelly Girl" model. I never got a job thru them.....
survived the party...back at home to a house full of presents. where will they all go?!?
I usually be tired by nw but im instead up listening to music... Sum old x sum new
Do people not know bleach is toxic? Vacation condo reeks of it from maid service. Eyes are burning. Natural cleaners, people. Vinegar, etc.
Today is Saxophone Day!!!
I have the best friend ever #tacos@ cosmopolitician
I dnt wait to say stuff behind folks back....I say what I have to say in their face!
You already know Fam first
Buy a ticket to an show and receive a free download of their upcoming album Synthetica. (#Pittsburgh, they'll be here 9/18 )
patron coming in attacking liberal "rags" ny times, stl post-dispatch, etc., but yet likes usatoday.com - go figure :-)
Shorter's History was required reading at hopkins residency til crowded out by ACGME-req curric w/measurable outcomes of ? value
you mean we see where you got the face for short cuts from.
i just saw this, hahaha<3
:) Done and done! :P
your very welcome(: 16??
right now I'm just smiling and laughing with the PIXAR STUDIO SHORTS on ABC Family Monsters Inc. "MIKE" is just too durn cute!
aren't you guys all Volt now.
FTIslandRETURN COMEBACK! SATISFACTION!
#Random I remember I saw at a tattoo party & she hugged me. It was August 08, 2010 8:42pm & She smelled like cotton candy lol..
BTW, exhibitions @ Les Rencontres d’Arles run through Sept 19 so lots of time left to stop by if you're vacationing in Europe this summer.
How is everyone doing today? I hope you say "fucking awesome."
#YouShouldNeverTrust a fart after a full bowl spicy salsa!!!! Hahaha
Great performance & a humbling day. Cried tears of sorrow, then cried tears of joy.. God is good yall!
Me either. I've been looking for a book on this topic though. Glad to have found one.
impressive..how's oregon
It's Baroque! Get it. No Monet, you're Baroque.
Missed motivation of listening to #Tailgates while driving to work, thx to son taking CD to barn for #showcalves. Lol
A messy day at Belay today. Please pray for grace & peace as we work w/ people rebuilding lives from addiction, homelessness & prison.
lol. Are you saying I have ADD? .... Oh look a squirrel !!!
oh wow! So will any ol' mayo do or does it need to be a certain brand?
If you're in Indy, tune into tomorrow morning at 8:15 for a live interview with 's !
I might have to cut the hair off! Hard choice to make
its raining its pouring the old man is snoring he went bed and bumped his head and couldn't get up in the morning
in your dreams :) i love u more xD <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Over Like a Fat Rat- Fonda Rae
no im not..u just mad cuz she dnt like u lls
who battling?
adha/add ain't crazy. the rest of you people are just too slow. and another th...squirrel?
Ryan has raised his average to 152
all good man. I'm trying to master it myself. Refer to for all your neighborhood hook throw needs.
What will Jack's score be tonight, guessed 529 which insulted poor Jack
what is hibernation? :P
Block Party Band will be rocking the house this evening @ Front Page News Midtown for the 2011 Farewell Party. Don't forget to bring...
he definitely is. just shit my pants
RT : RT : Hey, #Pittsburgh area kids! Come out to the #Kids Club Sat Mar 3 at 11AM & meet...
Happy Mother's Day! It's official now in the CST. Going to enjoy pampering my wife on her 1st Mom's day.
My house phone is only good for calling my cellphone when I lose it.
My sisters baby is hilarious and she's only 4 but acts like a 10 year old
Follow me for free!
Tell me again why access to affordable birth control is "controversial."
great post. I'm living by "customer first, platform second". Balance out platform coverage when resources available (post MVP).
Spending Mothers Day at Kendall with my childhood best friend.
Best Original song, Man or Muppet.
The cookies I am baking have to stay in the oven for 9-11 minutes. And it's 9/11. Ooh, that is spooky.
Nothing better than a walk off win on TV at Staten Island Yankees Stadium
Doubt u remember, u gave me/my union your Oscar at Upenn once. Big fan. Post philly book, doing research on Illinois prisons now.
Maybe it's just me but I've gotten more opportunities through Twitter than any other social media...even LinkedIn etc.
Timmy. See you soon! “: Looking forward to hanging with at the event! #NEXT”
i know.. But it's necessary
Using and clips to open discussion of race and privilege in class tomorrow, which is why teaching is fun.
Few really interesting primaries happening today, gonna tune into soon to check those out.
I love the beat to that song
really doe
I love cold calling...seriously...enjoy your weekend everyone!!!
nope just putting the Benadryl gel on can't do the pills
Do what your heart tells you
sorry? U dont have to have an aditude .-_-
Wow, looks like Thibs spent most of his Sunday screaming at the team during practice.
almost forgot - thanks for the RT!
It wasn't a one-off. It was number 38 in a series of 38.
On my way to the Textile Museum for some *extra* geekery.
Thank you for the follow!
goodnight :) i love u so much cutie<3
how did i NOT know about that? fraid i'm not gonna be able to. any chance of an intvw now to sell some tickets?
Happy early Birthday!
Could have been a better night...
another good day on the Autograpgh Tour in Florence. thanks to Cardboard Heros and all the fans who came out. lots of great ppl.
Braves game tonight with Hope:)
I agree! Thanks for compliment, that would be awesome! Can you take a second look at my page? I would love to get your feedback
god i wish so bad we got loiter squad here... cbf to find somewhere to watch it online either but that'll have to happen eventually
My homie too! Hope cats say that about my stuff...lol
im starting to get tired of niggaz
He is a gorgeous, energetic boy. Let him love you to pieces.
eyeliner in Black Moon and a sweep of Torrid blush on my Sunday :)
Or under 18
Watched some of Saturday's match on TV. Great atmosphere. And it only cost like $95M? That's like 2/3 of the Lambeau expansion.
intelligience is overated. Social skills & a mouth piece is underrated. You can be smart and still be an asshole
they love u Man! or everybody is Faded.lolz.naw
Got the Mondays? What is your goal this week?
if Xmas was every month, USPO would be fine!
email me sum right now. SmokeyBearBeats @ gmail
Awesome! Congrats!...If he takes any shots at the wx-man....you'll know who he's talking about! Haha
no lock :(
Despicable Cloud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Gm... Up all ready... Ugghh. Just went to sleep
Better ask somebody, I ain't scared to give it to u real. If u don't want my opinion don't ask, simple as that.
I have the song money stuck in my head
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso
RT "#1: Who are you going after?" Achieving your Big, Hairy Audacious Goals (BHAGs) in 2012
Shellac Hybrid & Gelish Nail Color: say goodbye to chips, smudges, and dry time and say hello to Shellac Hybrid Nail Color...
thanks for the follow! You guys are a fashion inspiration!
Oh webforms, webforms, webforms. How you endlessly delight me. And by 'delight' I mean 'empuzzle.'
I know I'm late... But that woman was nuts. Then the couples episode after... That ft couple was hilarious.
Great to meet you! Thanks for making it out! :)
yes sir! You going?
I woke up early dis mornin...3 write girls from the pink pony....
Construction of mood/sentiment indices may help with that. A #bigdata project, for sure.
Radiator is screwed, along with other parts of the car. Danica should be done for the day.
If you had a heart, and I had a brain, then, maybe this relationship would have actually worked out. she has both. Sucks for you :DD
Happy birthday Mr. Dylan
I'm getting rid of all of my math requirements in one summer haha
I guess it was a how far away are the people I am working the #PrayforEthan with.
I think "foreword" is preferred spelling.
Sentimental feelings never get me anywhere.
#rockstarteacher sends indignant letter to Teacher of the Year committee declining recognition because they don't really understand his art.
Nice. I miss going to the games. I only went to 1 game last season. Since I was only in town for 2 weeks.
I was jokinq. U made a BIG deal out of it. I'm confused, cause u seemed annoyed of.. me.
I cook nude...just sayin
Yet another intense episode. Though I am over all of the Eric and Sookie's love scenes.
GENIUS! DOH! Thanks, man! :)
Thanks for the #FF!!
What part of the country do you hail from?
Girl I'm sick too! Went to ENT today & I'm on antibiotics. Something's going around. Been coughing up my lungs here!
QT Pro seminar...not working. :( Oh well. i'll just take notes.
"The Constitution only guarantees the American people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself." ~Anon. - attributed t
Feel unwell
I don't know. I've never gotten past "Always historicize."
Retweet for your lives!!!!!!!!!
TWEETED YOU!?! And I didn't here about this?!??!
Dear Twitterverse: do you have reading recs on copyright conflicts/confusions when authors post drafts online that later are published?
I'm blaine, and i don't do shit but sleep and go to shows <3
If Germany insists on no euro bonds nor larger ECB role, rest of Europe may soon call it financial war aimed at conquest without using guns
Had a great day! Graduation and my love came to watch :)
Why not celebrate National #IPA Day w/a Conflux 2, White IPA by ! We are the first in #Sacto to have it!
I might have a new car in an hour.
You win.
I can't even play tonight. Work early in the morning
I do remember J. Peterman. Had not thought of it in years. Must have been fun to visit the store.
And Happy Hour...Are you kidding me?!? Salmon on spinach for $5...THE BEST!
When u just want to lay down but u can't!!!!
lol yes flex
did cheer for cena against the rock at wrestlemania lol, so its official the world is gonna end haha
Where's the "we eat children" chant when I need it? ;)
it not hard as I through it would be lol kinda easy RT : thats the best position
Cool, isn't it?
Someone willing to do anything just to put a smile on your face is one worth keeping.
I think Duke has done some work with mobile tech for spec coll- it may depend on which cms you're using
I've had those days. ": Man, I feel like #Licorice is stalking me today. It keeps showing up in everything!"
I got a sign on my lip that say "Sandwiches only"
Nice! Lookin Gorgeous
Hope everyone had a great #RSD2012! I scored a copy of Animal Collective's "Sung Tongs"
That moment when your like ewwie .-.
Too funny! As long as we don't have to hear Mitt "harmonize."
You SO were a drunk before I met you! :D RT blame it on the a-a-a-alcohol!! made me an alcoholic #goodtimes!!
only you
Its sunny 2day in FLA. Let us all b thankful everyday..it could b worst ... :0)
We've had a GREAT Art & Science course in Phoenix this week! The next offering of the Art & Science course is in September in Michigan.
too...IMY, wanna cum and see u like asap
If you are a law enforcement officer about to be laid off, please consider applying for our Certified Officer Program.
I'll look for the story. #LGBT youth housing is an area of particular interest here at
Your home needs a paint job, that means you need Extreme.
damn community pussy! want it for myself! (and so begins capitalism again)
Over 80% of our clients are women. We always said women were smarter. CG Philosophie.
follow me ;)
we yelled loud and proud (: hahaha but yeah, your mom gave us snacks too. sorry we ate your rice crispy treats...
RT : Don't think we can reign in social, can only guide. #realwplearn<Probably right there :-)
Such a jewel disappears as our grip slips and we fabricate our energy into the beyond.
Today actually surprised me. Go Today!
RIP to every life that has been lost on this day..
good RT : Im about to die :'(
Here's a great story for you: architect goes from designing homes to designing defenses as assistant coach. Want more info?
you are the best
FOLLOW as ordained by the gods.
I feel like Tami looks like a big ol hypocrite by sayn Kesha is 32 yrs old n is actn childish while shes 40 sumtn holdn on 2 her purse
hey ! guess what....i might be going to california in the summer ! <333
It's freezing in my house <
Roberts reported that Joe jumped the gun.
...that's a perfectly reasonable conclusion.
#KIROConnect most Seattlites LOVE the rain and crazy weather swings..I agree, you gotta be allowed speak the truth
sorry to hear about weemissfrankie getting injured. hope she has a speedy recovery :)
well, thank you! Its not many but they're the best! Thank I love that hat :)
RT : I want to fall asleep now, I'm so relaxed thanks to
I am so tired.
It really is. Makes me cringe every time I hear it.
please follow me back cutie! ;)
Being the best is great, you're number one. But being unique is greater, you're the ONLY one.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Oh my god. It's foggy out. Be careful on your way to school, guys.
Flemings Steakhouse Town & Country bitches.
Thanks! But, I live dangerously. I'm from LA. LOL
RT : why do some people take pleasure in criticizing others? lifes short, let people live!
#Cinematography goes to...#Hugo!
Forget Twiligt... You're SO MUCH more important than some stupid movie :)
Pass the witness. Prosecutor Tamara Strauch now gets to cross-examine intoxication assault & hit and run defendant Julie Ann Bronson.
GODS SO GREAT HE BLESSED ME WITH A SON AW
Our God is an awesome God!!!!!!
Date night with the spouse? Some quietness around the house? Drop of your kids at HPC for Youth Babysitting TONIGHT 6pm ($10/kid $30max/fam)
Way to go Barks! The Trojan faithful have always believed in you!
I wish there was a way to creep to see who creeps on me! Mwahahaha
not surprised
Annual meeting happening now at the Carnegie Building. Chair Julie Koczela- making greetings and remarks.
#citizensunited Ilyse Hogue: Art Pope from NC spent 2.2M to win Repub seats and that affects redistricting Name names.
i love you so much :)
LOL! At least u still have your sense of humor about it. Keep me posted. Or I'll just watch your twitter feed like a soap opera
no..just a little fella..:-) finishing up #3 for you..so excited:-)
Honor your Mother on Mothers Day .I wish I could talk to my mom again ,but alas, she died 6 years ago.Treat you mom nice.
nm same thing bro
Ugh. Arduino Workshop.
I hate how everything is comming one after another can't anything go right for once? I'm just lucky I have people that care for me.
Oh the jokes you can make about Pita bread when you love the Hunger games ;)
Edinboro talent show April 27th... Can't wait to spaz on stage its been a while!
Okay did that Pepsi commercial with Elton make no sense to anyone else but me
well I'll be waiting! Lol that sounds gay
“: Shout out to #JohnKing we are an hour into the #cnndebate & not one question on high gas prices. GP
RT : RT : You can't live a positive life, with a negative mind
Back on my A game but betta!!!!
Abraham Lincoln: "I mean to put [forward] a case no stronger than the truth will allow." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
What do you think of the Galaxy S II Epic 4G on Sprint? My buddy is defecting from AT&T ... Anything better?
this weekend>>>
Now racist native American jokes? R u KIDDING me?
I need a hug!
A beautiful day 2 U! You are so welcome--I'm in the middle of MOVING house and day job. Your good news keeps me sane :)
I would like you to be notified about The Adamouski art competition. more info www.theadamouski.blogspot.com follow us here there
wow....that's a shit move, you're right. Those moves annoy me the most
NO! Whats everyone say? "What up With it Home Slice?" hahaha...
how goes the fight to fleece the taxpayers in Tulsa, Robin? Workin' hard or hardly workin'
Been wide awake since 4/: Blahh i hate not being able to sleep!
hey watsup u still in orlando rite?
I don't have to know how everything will work out, I just have to begin.
hey emily big fan of you. Keep up the work emily.
Our calendar is full of opportunities this week. Find us at WWW.meetup.com/milehighheelsinc
Woulda beat in basketball earlier. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Idk why I even took a half day of work today. All I can think about is this party.
Why the f*ck don't they show the good stuff that us fans want to see?!?! Like all the celebrating going on! I wanna see, damnit!
the perfect children's book for the kid who wants to be a lawyer.
Getting ready for Saturday night...should it be at or at
The teachers like "John generly liked the irish...." and im like "AND THERE ACCENTS ARE AMAZING" and they all look at me like "wt...?" haha
9 months ago tomorrow ah
Live for today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow may never come!
fuck, i'm seriously about to smack you.
Trying harder to remember my dreams. Owls, car wrecks, traffic, taking a broom that wasn't mine, can't find the exit door.
no Wentzville practice?
You should, you have shown that you are such a huge college sports fan RT Thinking about going to the NCAA Tournament tonight
"Rescue the weak and needy; deliver them from the hand of the wicked." Psalm 82:4
How to find you?
#Clippers played some short bus b-ball down the stretch.
Had a long month
Portland is starting to come alive!!!!!! Bummer!!!
that awkward moment when your trying to explain a song but you dont wanna sing it.
F you and f you and fuckkkk you lmfao Reno 911
Trying real hard to waste time so i dont have to go to 2nd hour.
Get ready to hear from us Las Vegas!
Possible photo shoot this week. Looking forward to a good reply.
that was? meredith was hoppin around stopping it and recording it cause she was so nervous
Just had a 10min break w/ colleagues to vent & share bugs in our favorite apps-Word, Excel, Pages. Refreshed, ready to work again.
I love the way you stand up for what you believe in when it comes to the ladies.
yep, with a table
and I hope you had an awesome mother's day!
All panel chairs should follow the example of , who kept time with firmness and grace.
Why was the vampire thought of as simple-minded?Because he was a complete sucker.
broke up with me for being too lusty, but my God, have you read that guy's poetry?
RT " You specialize in movies so you know what happens in horror movies when people split up in a house, right?"
Ready for summer break.
Flannels off....
Ugh not feeling good at all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
That dudes on. A registry somewhere...
Thanks! RT : Was great to hear these viewpoints in the same room, looking forward to the articles.
oh yea! We Won! softball teamc shawty, hope i get out there finally
RARS alert big news released
the accident on "Q"
How about peanut butter gluten-free pie with rice flour and chocolate frosting?
Getting way too nostalgic for a Friday afternoon at the office...
TONIGHT!- 2 for 1 Beer and Kids Eat for FREE!!
I'm thinking I'm a really lucky guy!
Learn how to be a business connector on LinkedIn - do ur due diligence and check out a prospect's link @#ebiznow Philadelphia event
E-Portfolios: no direction a problem for some students?
I love little old people so much.. Except the one that just told me I looked 10.
Twittering on the solstice. Happy summer, happy healthy grains, and happy proteins!
do it
im going to have to start refusing to begin projects without some kind of brief. This is getting ridiculous.
How is the morning finding you guys?
#happyjustbecause I have a bed to sleep in
Did any of you #Packer fans buy #Packer stock today?? I bought it in 1950, 1997 and now 2011!
I want the rain to come already
Jumpstart DC is on Twitter! Come follow us. Help us work toward the day every child enters school prepared to succeed!
Mr. President, why can #AmericanAirlines go #chapter11 to dump $29B of debt but home mortgages can't be restructured in chap 11?
CTFU , I Never Smoked Dat fifth doe , CTFU Y'all Lames Gettin Headaches n shit
Isn't that book great?? Finished it over the summer. I also recommend Truth and Beauty and Patron Saint of Liars.
Knowledge dump!
Commish Randy Leonard friend of Reese would support and endorse should he choose to run... says "they have talked".
lol I wasn't in the gutter with that one! Hahaha
Goodmorning! (: Hope you all have a great day!
#WebGreekTip - Setup your sub-groups to quickly send targeted texts, add event participants and control file privacy (Please retweet)
cool what concert
yeah wer by the river :)
Today then 3 more days and I'm in California
RT : It’s okay to sit with the strategists, with the designers, with the people making the decisions. -
A2 #CMchat www.beyondpowerfulradio is the latest book-on becoming a powerful communicator thx to for contributing!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':28
"people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care"
Democracy is about governing ourselves. - Shawn Lawrence Otto at
I 2nd RT : The way he's playing this year in the playoffs convinces me even more that he quit on the #Cavs last year.
Wow Tebow! : Holy balls, Denver...
HOUSE OF BLUES MAIN STAGE IN NOLA THIS FRIDAY! SOLD OUT!!!
We play this Fri Hangar in NOLA!!! We go on at midnite! Free Zero Dialect swag
That was definitely a travel. This ref, Marc Davis, needs to be re-evaluated in the worst way.
The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them. -Bernard M. Baruch
May you forever rest in peace beloved Donna Summer. You will be missed but your music will live on forever. Thank you for your amazing music
did you get caught in a trap?
I hear money...
Keg. Solo Cups. Nelly. Rock it like 2003.
Great first day back to a former employee, feels like home! Thanks for my morning message! You are the best son ever!
I love how they break the record with almost all of their gifts (although I'm sure there are many more we don't hear about).
I'm Not Fuckin With It Nbs
I guess I wasn't following you..it was all in my imagination. Haha. Today was great! So excited to be neighbors! :-)
Processing almost done at #zombieforce5. Time for that zom partttaaaayyyyy.
I HATE GLENDALE!!!
I remember that stop. Far far away wasn't kidding!!! Lol
Here's to the Mahomies who've had Say Somethin' stuck in their head all day.
I'm tired of people talking shit butcher if you ain't got nothing good to say don't say nothing
Thanks girl!! It was nice meeting ya at the show! Hope you had fun :) RT : the october issue. Page 30.
I just learned about "grilled cheese martinis." I'd say that's the perfect example of what's wrong with America
It's irksome to read "PhotoShop" in a published work. It's not hard to get the proper name. Even my iPhone just tried to autocorrect me.
Some people have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can ~Willis R. Whitney
I try to do stuff that other people do or be like others but its not me ..
I don't have your number anymore silly!(:
I'm sending good thoughts to you and your mom.
and thanks for the
she's a free spirit. I've been trying to tie her down for years though.
its so bad lol
Lazy Saturday watching football!
Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feelings that you cherished them.
bout to go pay a few bills than shoppin
Thanks for the lunch recommendation!
hahaha yeah. It's about someone you know... :p
The best way to make a bad day turn successful is to channel that energy into positive. We are more creative when they have an outlet
I haven't talked to Ashten in a few days.....0_o.....
A beautiful morning in Jamaica;)
Photo Shoot in BEVERLY HILLS 5/26 Next Saturday Let's Get It
At church...
Follow on twitter
sweet! thanks.
High tide at Haystack rock, so no beachcombing. :(
I was wondering where you were. Lol
Should we talk about the government? (hi, hi, hi)
Of course! Can't go wrong with a Frost quote. :)
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: FREE 200ct box of Shop Towels with $40 purchase, or FREE twin pack with $20 purchase! (Riverwest)
25% Rebate of Bail Agent Commission resulting in an overall bond cost as low as 6% Must have retained private council Must pay in full at…
You beat me to it! It was great to see you as well, and catch up a bit. :)
Michael Snaer and Peyton Siva have established themselves as the class clowns of the Bball Classic.
"YOU'VE OBVIOUSLY HAVE NEVER TRIED TO FIND A CAB IN THE MIDDLE OF DC ON THE FOURTH OF JULY"
Jennifer Husdon Testifies in Murder Trial
No problem. Take your time. We haven't been great either. Just letting you know we were thinking about you. Feel better!
That would help my needs. Mind sharing? ryanshoover at gmail dot com
“: Realized how much I appreciate my spiritual father , thank you Jesus!” //We love you and believe in you!
Today just gets better and better....
what song are we dancing to on sunday at ur class??
Changed my blog address bc the custom domain was hacked. How does that happen? Anybody able to shed light on this?
hey waz good
You are quite welcome, sir.
One story I didn't wake up expecting to read was an earless celebrity bunny accidentally trodden to death by a TV cameraman.
what's up
Simple Studios are pretty good as well.
writing my talk for Vassar NY Club. I get to talk for 30 minutes about Obama. Whoo Hoo
hehe, mine are purple right now and next time i go i get my wire taken out and ill only have a chain on them :) hehe <33
Thanks to Andrea Wood for joining us again at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar. It was a Spitacular show as always. Hope to see you again soon !
Thanks for the mention! JaNeneDorsett: PUSH by Chalene herself! Get it on Amazon! RT : best book for creat...
Money's not even real its so easy!
ha why
well wat should i say??
Another Sunday in Iraq - - only 6 more to go!
You're too sweet! I wouldve freakin LOVED to have had the opportunity to take Digital Studies! I did ol fashion mrkting instead ;)
those are GREAT! Hope to see you guys soon.
C: I'm looking forward to tonight. We are having a triple bestie date at amy's
Radar trends/info would suggest bulk rain showers, perhaps a t-shower hitting north of Milwaukee metro after 8pm or so. MKE could stay dry.
Getting sideswiped on the lodge fwy during rush hour: perfect ending to this awesome day.
I'm going up to the poconos but I am not sure what time yet. If I can get that in before leaving I will let you know.
I gave you my number for a reason I don't have a iPhone so I can't be on twitter 24/7 -.-
He said those were not tears....Kobe just had sweat in his eyes LMFAO
Charm touching the clasp
what are you looking for guest bloggers to write about?
Actually, Bob Kurtz could be moved to TV.
today was my first day!
Chris you rascal! This is brilliant. More historical, and curated CSS practices like this in the future I hope.
Native Vines for Southern Gardens by naturegirl7
Genius again from . Great player, great value, AND extra draft picks.
If you want a follow back just ask:D
Thanks for the post on 1 hour of blogging a day! I have to limit my time on the computer... But I'm inspired to make it work.
I am in the mood to throw shit away. #fallcleaning?
no FSC HD in Boston is killing me...no FSC+ either
lol haha yeah at the radio station like a couple months ago.
you right. Tml
How is the interaction program at IU? I'm thinking about doing something like this for a master's.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You served your country in the
If you guys can get us more likes then our friends The Last Troubadour we will record a CD for you.
Met Michael Jordan, tried to convince him to do a JordanBrandon Classic joint venture. He said, "no."
Nice. Wish we could talk about this in person...no one in my office watches it.
My STS students are writing technology bios--probably most excited to learn about history of pane glass windows. Yes, I'm serious.
RT : Sweet, Hazel! Looking forward to seeing you there! #bbc12 I am excited!!!
A couple players have been killed by pitched balls? I was only aware of Ray Chapman. Minor nitpick, obv; agree w/main point
cut it out you were my twitter mama until I felt you was kicking me to the curb lol J/K kidding.... Will always love you!!!!
Looking for exclusive eyewear, look no further #emilio pucci is offered exclusively at our Pittsford location. Get the attention you deserve
America will be watching closely. I hope he has great success.
Selena Is Our Love Song
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Cory Kahaney
We are all not supposed to be on "screens" if it's dark out & we want a good nights sleep-nite all-which should have been 40 min. ago @ 10!
I know you see this munchken on my lap! Lol
that was an epic chapter :D
thank you. i wish more people would consider there are kids involved and approach this with calm and compromise and hope.
Have you heard, Life is a challenge, with strength its a defeat.
Geekboytech wish the best of luck on your ustream buddy!
band class haha
if u ever need anybody, hit me up. I'm available most of the time
Oops! haha. soo funny. nothing like putting a condom on your head and walking in in people having sex! haha.
Apparently, it's Ash Wednesday? Should've called out.
welcome to twitter. don't get scared away
yeah If you want :)
That is four runs two different ways. Brutal umpire
Dinner with an old friend!
nothing from years of experience you suck as a company. Customer service, devices, service aaaalll that.
Who feels like winning something today!?! Suggest this page to your friends NOW for a chance to win some great prizes!
Finally! Too excited!
And what did you tell her?
My mom, daughter & I are all watching perform on Great performance!
Oh shoot, tough luck there! I know several people who work in hospitals, and they rarely get "special treatment."
My personal experience working with the Pleiadians is that they always totally respect your personal space and never come in uninvited.
can u dm me the code for the student discount on the hair
I'm becoming a chubster. I needa work out!
Thanks! Even something as simple as an iphone voice memo recording would be greatly appreciated.
kudos to you!
Dictator Sacha Baron Cohen just spilled Kim Jong Il's ashes on Ryan Seacrest.
Leaders are more powerful role models when they learn than when they teach. – Rosabeth Moss Kantor
Going to bee early so tired I'm about to pass out
set up and baking?
LOL well, you are HowTo.gov's first "expert interview" so people would have seen your face eventually. ;)
#ifidontgetbelievetickets I will sit outside of the arena crying and hoping Justin crew sees me and give me free tickets
On the road to Oxford to move the little brother out. Mac & Joe's at noon...be there!
Bbl. I got stuff 2 do
I love arts and culture reporting and all, but to intern for sometime in the coming years would be a dream come true.
You talking like you want the position...but the position hasn't been open yet. Oh? You're cool with that? Wow...umm....*speechless*
what time do you want to leave? I don't know whether to text you because I don't know if it will come?
I can't find you
I am so humbled to be around such amazing people at the You all integrate my passions and make them real.
will you be home after i get out of my last class?
James Brown, Soul Brother No. 1. We miss you, man. Happy Bornday.
#BlessedGang come on!
people have been watching too much fast and furious
hey! Sorry, I forgot my pass and been busy lately, but yeah, I didn't know about the myspace, I figured it out.
Did you hear the story about the razorback hog? It's pretty dull.
Sending the #rda conference/webinar handouts to my iPad. Feeling so greener-than-thou. ;)
Beaching it up!
wow, i salute you- that sounds intense, but you seem to be doing it with grace :)
Make some Tampico ice cubes for a delicious treat in a couple hours! What flavor are you going with?
I just spent 2 hours eating the most amazing food. Including feet. I'm seriously considering skipping my flight tomorrow.
love is a beautiful thing aint it
Here we go Steelers! at The Great Canadian in Paris!
This decade needs a new Neutral Milk Hotel album.
Why the **** does Spo keep bringing Chalmers back in? He does NOTHING positive
I just need you now. The old you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I know thats right.... same here
Is it just me or does Alex Bloomberg sound exactly like Ira Glass?
I hope they buy in to Linsanity!
Aww, are you in class?
Hi ladies! MUAH how are you all?
Got some really big life changing news this past week!!! Once everything is finalized I will share the word... Thanks everyone!
hahaha!! Very true.
My Way on the Highway - Wall Street Journal
Reminder: the VIP Tickets are admission AND a giftcard to the bar for 5/19. The final 10 of those go out at 5pm at The Red Rabbit 2nite.
Who knew that Manhattan is so white? Yikes.
Hi Mike welcome to the Hilton Bentley. Hope you can visit us at the restaurant on the first floor by the lobby :)...
it only takes one. in don's own mind he's already gold plating the oval office.
OMG I can't breathe, this guy said I'm gonna be famous one day. Everyone keeps saying that to me. At least it will be because I worked 4 it!
in hindsight, nice jinx.
Never count out #Federer!!! Big win today!!!!
jelena drama again. woohoo. you guys have fun, imma go watch justins shirtless viddy a million more times.
Come to , we can probably make that happen here.
Great catching up (while too brief). Looking forward to hearing more about your nomadic ways in August. Stay in touch until.
Next Wednesday!!! My birthday! Yay!! What to do....? Idk..-_-
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
I haven't had some ice cream in forever! I want some soon.
Just cuz I said hi to you in the hallways doesn't mean we're talking!
I got rid of my chem 1 & 2 books as well as my A&P 1 & 2 books today. It felt good, like a much needed bad relationship break up.
Just watched #Tron Digital eye-candy/glow-freak mind meltdown! Loved it!
I appreciate those words!... Stay focused... I must!!!!! ;)
I'd rather keep to myself
also, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Why can't Mr. Mattingly teach juniors...and then next year seniors??
Kate Martin (school board pos. 2) "Their approach to the achievement gap is preposterous."
print has coupons worth more than $200 in it today!
major thanks for your support in so many ways with the #NYE2012 #party!
My biggest fear is that you'll realize you love me, but I wont love you anymore.
Lets go miami
How do you create community? Express gratitude and appreciation.
will do RT Check the left hand side when you walk in and the take a peep in the back.
Eight iPhone owners at the lunch table and somehow I'm "the guy with the calculator" when the bill comes.
and also to you. Happy Holidays
Nice....congrats to you and your family!
RT fuckin bitch i will kill you i have proof you stole from me
Attempting cake balls. Will update later.
yup yup
Any of my PR friends going to PRSA Digital Impact Conference 4/2-4/3 in NY? DM me if yes, would love to reconnect live
Wait panda man, don't run.
snitches can't get stitches this time. That's called child abuse & it's frowned upon by society.
have her follow us! and also tell her about
uh....say what?
recorded two yesterday. 1st has resolution issues (terrible quality) and 2nd is the most boring/standard match I've ever played.
#YouWasCuteUntil you got sloppy drunk!
Without your leg you are now my bitch, ya douche! Lyrical krumper is a more intense version of ballet
Families Fighting Flu! RT : What are some of your favorite charities for year end donations?
I can't decide which is more entertaining at the moment: Torts interview questions or the Burkie/Chemmy burrito slam.
MLB #All-Star week should be a national holiday.
I've seen both! Muse... Omg. Amazing!!! I've seen them 4 times
I just need one of the #GCF princes to follow me. Mr.Thrupp I am talking about you :)
I wish this grass would just cut itself...
The matrox devices appear as a single screen, so you can use them, but QLab doesn't know it's multiple screens.
when you guys draft someone, 1. Announce on twitter 2. Give a link to his stats....thanks!
Kobe going for an mvp
come to Orlando!!
Wow. Joe's stone crab is fabulous. How have I never been before tonight? Heart Miami
If an Orgasm felt like a Brain Freeze how many of yall would still have sex?
I'll shoot you a pic as soon as I find that darn scale!
Mac Miller - All That Ft Bun B
What is a dogs favourite school subject? "Dog-Ruff-E "
Great to hear it! Let us know if you have any suggestions for improvement too. Keep up the hard work :)
What's runnin thru my head 24/7 .. Friday is going to be amazing! <3 Friday is going to be amazing! <3 Friday is going to be amazing! <3
is my #StyleBible!
maybe anthony weiner's career could've been salvaged... RT : Demand for photo-erasing iPhone app heats up sexting debate
I start singing in my room and my dad turns up the TV volume in the living room...wow thanks dad
Fuck yeah. I'm an asshole about where I spend my hard earned cash.
SHOUT OUT TO MY FAMILY THEY LOVE ME FOR ME....
Follow my account for #smbootcamp4 tweets re: social media, PR & communications. Tips from &
Thank you.
PATRIOTS SUCK IT UP AND PLAY SOME DAMN FOOTBALL ALREADY.
I see the true meaning of love,now that i have someone that i love.
that last one she was sidestepping and diggins slid... Charges are out of control in both wbb and mbb imo
Anyone excited to see the 2013 Lineup of bats from ?? Just recently caught ourselves a glimpse… AMAZING!!!!
I fall harder and harder, the more and more we talk!
Hello Allyson,What kind of tracks are you looking for?
ok, Lee DeWyze made it to the finale. YAAAY! Everyone vote for Lee, he is the BEST!!! :D
Pizza and beer
Big thanks to our sponsors , , Stan's Alignment and Brake Services, South Stands Denver & Sportique Scooters
great to hear! good luck with the potty training :)
#correction if your mac is ppc and you're getting intel mac you will be able to migrate applications. any questions feel free
Smile at the next person you meet. You never know what they are going through and you could make the biggest difference to a stranger.
Getting started is half the battle when it comes to mass producing a product. Having a great idea is one thing, but having the money to...
I love showers :)
Hey guys! Thanks for the follow! We really appreciat it! Luv u guys!
Whatever the results, glad the elections are over. Time to move on www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Only 1 color that's always good to look@
I don't know :( I'm so worried
I will! And yes it is
Show me your favorite tunes!
Thank you for visiting--'85 Gaia does indeed sound ideal.
RT Wireworld Silver Starlight 5² hdmi is amazing, indeed. <Thanks for connecting with Wireworld, Enjoy!>
oh I meant trying to round up and trying to make it even
Feed your desire for creativity through the arts! We must encourage multiple ways of knowing
I know -- neither can I!
13 songs on my iPhone: We Found Love, Call Me Maybe, & the Country Strong soundtrack. sorry im not sorry
RT : I think it's cooler to actually have money than to look like you have money.....
Waz up?, have a situation about romance. Hit me and let's talk more on Jay's Amnesia at InnerCity.TV and call in at 1-866-828-2268 ext. 1.
Listen , I can and will wear my John Lennon glasses to meetings.
"THIS IS LIKE A HOLOCAUST"
Yay!! Thanks so much. Keep up the great work.
Took kids to Florida State Fair (for the kids) Never seen so many obese people in my life. Walking heart attacks. So thankful 4
This wasn't an announcement. He specifically said he didn't have a site in Downtown
But then there's Hexakosioihexekontahexaphilia, which pretty much summarizes 80's metal.
Thanks for sharing and wishing you the best of the holiday season from the northern part of the state
AMC Volunteer Managed Facilities meeting this wkend. This dedicated group of volunteers are leading many of AMC''s quality facilities.
:thank you for the shouts & tweets
yeah be the pink one!
Lol, I know, probably going to change it to T Rich. and ok thanks. Might try and snag him in 2nd or 3rd rd if he falls
"taking hits of haze, sips of jungle juice, id like to dedicate this to the disgruntled youth!" on Deck
Chris Crutcher also has a great memoir/biography. Don't know if it's clean enough for middle school. 2/2
Nice! Reggio Emilia examples in Children's museums, highlighted at #aam2012. "follow interest of child." YES.
WHAT! RT Which Family are you talking about family In Orlando or his other girl in Ft.Myers. I knew them Both, Nutz
The Easter bunny and tooth fairy will both be visiting our house tonight.
Sounds delicious. TY for your support for
So excited to have the legendary Scott Ian of in for lunch today!
shit u ryte he the only homie i want doin videos i kant fuk wit no one else
Reminds me of train trips as a child of 8 in India of 50 years ago. Journeys would last 3 days and nights, and the compartment ..
#ShoutOut to my new followers. RT this sh*t.
If you could sell real estate anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
how about tomorrow?
Rollin Wit Da Roux to this Saturday 11-3!! DJ, outdoor seating and plenty of sunshine!!! "Truck Cluster"!
I will be on NewsTalk this morning @ 10am...be sure to tune in.
: like a sensual lover attending to our every need!
Please bring your PRISM donation items to UCC on Sunday. March items: paper towels &saltine crackers (or anything else!)
finishing your video mañana (;
Tomorrow on that bus I will be completely plugged in. Shhh don't talk to me<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
As you should!
yes :( RT Anyone else still have that crazy 'Zou Bisou' song from #MadMen going round & round in your head?
lol I'm give him an iceberg from my personal supply
So a year ago today I asked on a date, he said yes, but it never happened!
My coworker is at drupal camp right now too. Are you there?
has been painting & unpacking all weekend... Looking forward to Monday so I can take a break from house projects!
3 things Gov Perry can't do today: 1-Close the Dept of Ed. 2-Close the Dept of Commerce. 3-Close the Dept of ??? Oops! ALL CLOSED TODAY!
Thank YOU! You ROCK! RT ": Thanks for the kind words and retweets. You are awesome!"
Found a $100 gift card in my wallet I had forgotten all about! Woohoo!
if a programmer isn't creative, they're a pretty crappy programmer. dunno who Mike Minkoff is but I disagree 500% with him
I texted you
watermelon ruined by dirty tupperware.
Anyone else notice the Nike+ App voice sounds like the Atreides in the Dune II PC Game? I keep waiting to hear: "Command Acknowledged"
White people it Is not ok to wear dress shirts tucked into jeans. It look terrible.
there ain't no competition for you boo :)
Just a thank you to all my wonderful friends, family & customers for your support & business. Enjoy the rain, we sure can use it.
Ladies & gentlemen, we may very well have a full-blown constitutional crisis barreling down the tracks, headed our way.
I am like 4 min into this new DJ Harvey podcast and I am already floored
<U+3010>GOOD MORNING!!<U+3011> Happy birthday 2 u happy birthday 2 u happy birthday dear <U+E312><U+E310><U+E34B><U+E046>
people are lovin our wheatgrass shots fresh from ! thanks guys :)
Love that!
and get ready for lots of totalllyyy random pics of things that I just used Instagram to make it look cool.
is he outside? Bring him in dumdum lol It's hot as Hell outside :(
I want some icecream ... like real bad.
"you don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great" love that but kinda deep for 5ish am on a Sunday lol
Oh, I was gunna say. lol. I hate it when ppl do tht im like "Really... think if you've NEVER been tweeted by her!" lol
I would sit on the floor, staring at the inside of the "Thriller" album cover while listening to it play on my green record player.
Remember to look out for the update video tonight! We're have great news! Have a blessed day! :)
Admittedly, the English language circumscribes us in many ways, but we should be cautious of labels that lend more creedenc
True, I was more amused at the failure of the PR guys to spin it in a positive light. It just read like a negative review.
because sometimes you just FEEL like throwing a rotten tomato...!
omg I saw the ep. Omg. I weeped like a baby okay like srsly ohmygod it was perfect. I cried when Stefan was like you have me
fb im the one you commented on world star
Thanks Don! Your support is always appreciated! ": Very nice! Keep up the good work."
oh I know which one. I sometimes go to summer fest there.
what time do the gates open Friday?
There's a fine line between a tan and looking like you rolled around in nacho cheese flavored Doritos.
OMGOMG KAMMIEEEE I NEED TO TALK TO YOU <3
Thanks for inviting me!
8 tweets until my 4000th! Who's looking for a shout out?
Kez McCorvey on our campus today. Says hi. Good luck up north. Pride & Poise!!
Today I have learned that was a "MOTH ON FIRE". I'm sorry I missed it!
Dexter season 4 with Yes.
Im thirsty... and its Thursday, what a coincidence
watching obsessed.
all the girls at school are like "niall's ugly, i don't like him." like bitch he gets more dick than you.
Who has seen us in this months issues of & ???
Inspirational night! Was just at the Latino Champion Awards & was inspired by the honorees & winners for all their doing in the community.
I'm so sick of my friends ex treating her like crap its not fun to see her sad
"Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones." ~Theodore Roosevelt ()
Milne or Disney? MT“: CRobin:“Forever and ever is a very long time, Pooh.”Pooh: “Forever isn’t long at all when I’m with you."
Warning: Weird theatre major doing reading rehabilitation in one of the library study rooms.
9th out of 22...not bad at all!
it kinda sucked.
Just had a delicious snack from We love being across the street from them!
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT.
If this is any indication of how uncool I am, -- I had to google "Panem." :)
yeah, I just launched it two weeks ago, so it's just getting started :) Thanks for spreading the word!!!
Glad we're way over staffed for the slowest Sunday in a long time.. #TimeToGoHome ?
NO SPOILERS
Take them off now bruh
My lips are numb?
Thanks so much for the
I can pretty much garauntee that it wouldn't split our crowd, though we probably wouldn't pull huge in Ft Worth.
loves jorts everybody pass it on
lol aiight imma check it out bro. check me out too. reverbnation.com/gstatus maybe we can work together sometime
“: LMFAO i still wouldnt mind it being bigger ! :x”
what you sang on two killer tracks! And wrote some awesome stuff! :)
So once we have results and analysis, then students narrativize for audience(s).
Me to coworker: "Is my back bleeding?" Her: "Where on your back?" Am I bleeding in more than one place on my back???
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 8
Thank you...appreciate it
#lodlam Great way to intro web-scale mgm. challenges starting with "Too many names"
exactly! I can't believe it. But she is, 3 months.. Wild
Rosie's #17 doesn't look right.
Bad foul on Allen. Looked like Paul was trying to pass the ball. CP3 steps up and hits 2 FTs. LAC back up 1 with 23 seconds left.
In the lounge at the Showbox Sodo they feel the need to have the "Oxygen" network on the tvs. That's kind of presumptuous don't you think?
Knowing this, you KNOW these whores are gonna rue the day they pissed me off. HAHAHAHA
- will you be attending opening day?
“: RT : Who else is also excited about watching Frozen Planet tonight??”Yes!!
Been throwing on the side and the other day was at 82-85 consistent hit 86 twice might be looking to pitch somewhere once a week.
I am too!
I'm coming.. And I love tweeting to you in all your tweets #feelspecial!
thank you all for the suggestions - i'll start going through the options!
sorry benjie my bad i see it wasnt u im so sorry <3 ya bro an i thank i no who it iz coz i blocked dem erlier
I have no doubt that you are a sodomite. I see that prison time paid off. Go away now before you get hurt little Hitler.
ant it sleepy time fa u???? Lol
There are 26 campuses
I have some letters to write so i can put them in the mail... I've been procastinating on that.
I guess it'll just be me and the playoffs today
I don't know what's sexier than a woman that wears Jordan's
As long as they keep hanging banners everything else will be overlooked
don't forget! we're still taking nominations @ www.rockthisrestaurant.com for a local #abq restaurant make over! Surf on over and add yours!
Oct 2001: "If [we get] conclusive proof...we had taken out #Osama with a cruise missile...anyone in this room going 2 feel safer?" 9pm
Billy Kidman a PA hero
Yessir - they were dirt cheap at Ikea, and they're pretty nice crystal.
Yep. your web site is down.. Status: Cannot resolve hostname
For those who like to have a transcription of their videos/webinars, please make a quick grammar check. You look dumb if you don't.
Who? RT Zipping
I'm a little more into technology than most. Thanks for the note. W.zen-dentistry.com
Thats really great man. Keep me posted to when they come out and I will check em out!! thanks
Happy Birthday Buddy
Why thank you!
if you followed me right now i would run around my house like a crazy person and not tell anyone why
Was it Rick Majerus that you were telling me about the other day?
Tickfaw to BR hammered? Got it!!!!!!!
does Kim K ever REALLY do anything? ...that doesn't involve a contract
My head is freaking pounding!
I'm officially declaring myself a patriots and dolphins fan! Fuck Mike Brown, I'm done with the bengals! it's not the players fault, ur good
Did you know? Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the African agenda of the ANC as early as 1919!
1)It may sometimes happen that a truth, an insight which you have slowly and laboriously puzzed out by thinking for yourself could
#wenottogether cuz i found out all ur relationships only last a week
what!?! What do you basketball lovin wanna be dj skeezers know about tool!
Plans of getting any work done on bolt bus dashed entirely by seatmate who is crushing me against the wall in his sleep.
“: What advice do u have for an aspiring country artist like myself?” Someone once told me to move to Nashville. So glad I did=)
yeah I'm taking summer school till June 15!!!! How long will you he here till?! I want to see you!
We can't wait to ring in 2012 with friends and family at our pre-opening #NYE bash! Cheers!
Today my #AWD students taught me about OpenOffice. Love teaching technical writing! Always learning something new.
My dogs hate me right now :(
Getting ready for the KCA's!!! My first time going to the KCA'S!! :D
"Other people and things can stop you temporarily... You're the only one who can do it permanently!" ~ Zig Ziglar
Any one need a post-superbowl hang out? Stop by and see us
I remember at Valenhoot when you walked threw rockettown&I waved at you SO big and you looked at me like I was a retard <> ily
Up now, Bob Balfanz. Co director of Everyone Graduates Center at Jons Hopkins school of ed
what did this chick kelsley say in the exact words and what did vinny say cause i cant find it post it on twitter!!
hey! How are you?<3
Veterans are standing with this A.M. 2 call for Reps 2 honor our vets. Press conference in 30 mins @ Filner HQ (7th & Beech).
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life-to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories
#SomeoneIWantToMeet of course
We are open Sunday's! Only for lunch from 11:00 - 5pm BDW will be closed Jan 1st for new years day! Happy New Years
Headed to Tampa for Rays and Yankees in July, amazing!!!
LOL. Little girl whips out her iPhone to double check my GPS position in the plane. Amazing.
27 steps to the coffee shop? But who's counting?
uses #midnightmarathon to prove just how large a tutu can be
Thanks Francisco! We appreciate the S/O. Look forward to seeing you several times at the Stadium this year. Go Yankees!!
Logging my bike miles and after tonight's ride home I'll have racked up 100 miles in 2 weeks! Pretty cool. #Bike 365
Just had the best bus ride of my life.
RP "Gail Middlebrooks: Would love to be SW Atlanta Community Web Producer."
Misty jog this mornin,.. now off to the Barber shop.
oh yeah.... Hes getting it all day!
Moroccan mint has green tea in it for, you know, St. Patrick's day.
I know nothing about photography.
Santorum also has a slight lead over Romney in major swing state, Ohio. Very predictable results so far.
so you just needed to tell Baltimore that people leave O's games in the late innings. Not sure that's news...
Thanks lady. I couldn't help but wear it for the day is so talented.
Good Morning! Today is Tuesday and the rain is gone! Smile, have a productive day!
Really should have taken a pass on the 2nd burger
No stick for Smith. Can this game get any worse for #Yotes?
Beat LSU twice. Took the program where idiot Nutt couldn't. They are both douchebags, though. Good riddance to each.
But you became the person you said you would never be.
what's good brotha how's the south ?
If sore is the new "in shape" then I am in incredible shape!
Upset Sunday! Let's go Broncos!
Not shocking. It's why the BCS happened in the first place.
4 more hours until DeadPro rocks out cosmic charlies tonight!
Gloomy in Madison today. On the plus side is still warm enough to kayak, and I won't need sunscreen!
make up roughly half of our top positions. anyway, sorry for the overlong explanation. Doug & I recently had a
Every exit is an entry somewhere else - even death.
if your in Nashville, bowling green is just 45 minutes away you know..come visit me:)
That quote absolutely made my day lmfao thank you Sarah
got some ticks for an awesome show tmrw at 1:30. Downtown you want em
I'm attempting to stay up as long as it takes to get the page requirements for this paper. There will be lots of tweeting.
That was a good productive day:-)
It was amazing. I had lunch AND dinner there yesterday. Roast pork for lunch then snapper with tomatoes/onions/capers...
same ol. I go dey there next week
You rock, sweetie. Hope your kids had fun, too.
How :p
RT- Looking forward to the blog post. Netsuite very impressive partner channel built on solid foundation.
are you seeing avengers at Metreon?
Yo, unless your anchor is black, colorblocking is rubbish. Let me repeat, rubbish!!!!!
I wonder why #oomfs always tweet that same tweet every day!
Check out review of Harumi: almost vocal inflections of intricate participation...the violin as lieder singer...
Pink Fink BRINKer founder of #SusanGKomen sold out to the #WarOnWomen Boycott CURE and contribute directly to ACS and PP
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. - Anthony Brandt
Dating @ this age is for the birds my focus is ;God,child, me,career>>>in that order!!!
If you unfollow me, you're getting unfollowed #justsaying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Really hope that it doesn't rain Saturday!
As long as you think you DESERVE something you'll never SERVE anyone
Q1. Best advice for starting a #travel career?
Absolutely! RT : And adopt or foster :) RT : A friendly remind to SPAY and NEUTER! Pet overpopulation is out of...
hope she feels better.Nothing worse than a sick child.
Imma have to sing up for the SAT so fast tomorrow O.O
Teaching in room without ac and toothache :)
thanks lady lol
You are my world, good, bad, everything. I get frustrated but I have to remember my life was nothing without you.
- Another perfect example of Vietnamese 'Going the Extra Mile' (literally) for their work ethic.
If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer, you are the product. - Jonathan Zittrain (professor of internet law)
its not fun:/ it really sucks :(
haha im sure its gonna look great :)
OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME!!!!! YOU R FREAKIN AMAZING I LOVE U!!!!! CANT AIT TO HEAR THE NEW SONGZ!!!! (; <3333
": Free boosie on God"
"Don't worry, I learned how to make plenty of drinks at bartending school. Gin and... tonic? Do they mix?"- Moe
Bam! That's how I roll... and yeah... I just followed you... :)
the one saw/discussed was not willing to take their logo off. It was my deal breaker.
Heading to Augsberg College for our game vs. St. Paul Johnson
@ work tonight! Not Fun!
Sorry I haven't been on in a while people but I've just been very busy
Am such a geek. Had seriously giddy moment picking up pile of books from library. Of course, it helps they're all on gin and booze.
Opened SHORT $EURUSD @ 1.36316; 39% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
I can't wait for this weekend.
Oh, that's what everyone thinks. But how often do you chop off bad guys' arms now? 2, maybe 3 times per year?
Crocker: It will be essential to get useful, real data on the scope of the piracy problem in order to have effective conversations
I mean how are u getting to Houston?
Good evening!
Thanks for following us Krupa :D xoxo
These colored negroes bold out here
Cigarettes & Slurpessss c:
98k to Medical Center in NY
After watching TV shows "Hoarders", "Obsessed" & "Lockdown" oddly, the show "Sister Wives" about plural marriage is amazingly normal & happy
What's up fam? Let's catch up sometime. RT : Shoutout to Boris305 that's my big cousin right there follow him!!
Only a fine-tuned Olympic athlete could ever hope to complete the Letter Carrier Olympic course.
Haha.. We didn't have school today.. ;P
thanks belle, I could say the same thing to you
Craving breakfast last all day? Today we're granting your wish. Specials: Truffle Oil Browns, Bavarian Omelet, Hoppel Poppel & Sauerbraten!
She ain't a Nicki fan then the bitch def dumb
Thanks for the RT on the Kids Card - we're excited about getting kids in here to read!
O maps!
I think I graduated high school with Acy .
Corey hart with the nice sliding catch to end the inning
got pins stickin outta my hand...lets hope thisll work so i dont gotta get that titanium
yea ik except Kobe I hate gasol without him we would win more and Kobe is better than Durant
Sorry to slip some politics in the middle of rock concert tweets ... Or am I?
tweet me if you want 20x20 lists
If laker fans think they have a chance against OKC they're shot the fuck out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Oh hey
could be useful as one quantitative standard of measurement. It could be part of a larger matrix of measures
have your boy toy pick you up dummy!
Happy New Year 2 all of our #racquetball followers. We're glad u love 2 play the best sport in the world.
Equally #pious and #profane. "The last days of Judas Iscariot". Love small theaters in
Looking forward to the Illinois Computing Educators conference (ICE) this upcoming week!!
Will you guys please come home already? We miss you! Oh, wait....
We can't hit, swear, be mean, etc....all that I am xD
Good Morning!! Hope all is well at channel 5 :)
can i please be one of those skinny girls
hey great job tonight! Thought you were super funny!
awwie, thanks sweetie :") and i bet ur really pretty too & trust me u guys have diggy simmons he is FINE! & drake oh :"P SEXY
Alright I gotta get on some megavitamins. C just isn't cutting it. Sick for the 6th time
haha i'm sitting right next too you!(: haha love you bestfriend!c:
A cave rescue team fights to escape a collapsing abandoned mine stalked by inhuman ghouls who can mimic victims.
Fuck I hate walking into spider webs !!
RT Free admission to Milwaukee Irish Fest from 4pm to 5:30pm on Friday! RT C'mon down & catch our FREE SHUTTLE!
Done and done! Bring your rape whistle
well u can text it if u would like...
Fork lift style! Pick those bitches up with my DICK!
Music, alone, balcony, cool air, empty sky...
crap I forgot the number to vote? How do I text and vote? I need to make sure you are saved <3
"Ability will never catch up with the demand for it."
Thanks for the random fact Logan haha too bad they can't do that in #Colorado. You all done with #finals?
Start out the day with the Bad Company cover by Five Finger Death Punch. Helps me face the awfulness that is life right now.
Why so much hate?
I am fucking exhausted
So excited to be working with you. You are doing so many great things. Love the students' blog!
Don't worry your pretty lil heart
I thought that's how blogging worked. They send you a car, you blog about how great it is, everyone's happy, no?
Thanks Don, appreciate the kind words. We're always looking to meet potential partners. Anyone in particular we should speak to?
We had a great time at for Beyond the F. Big thanks to , and speakers Adam Lilly and On to !
I thought one could live without Twitter, but I guess not!
Mixing new song with Mark Needham! One more to go!!
hey #tigers - where's the offense?
"In today's installment…we gon' talk about going through your girl's phone and who the #@$! Charles is." #dontdoit! /via
Nott sure what to do now...
and even if i got some problems, its okay cause i blow 'em away
and there goes my bracket
I need a Twitter Diagnosis, Is Espresso bad for your health besides your teeth, breath and the inability to function with out it?
I don't have words for that inning (besides #Hurdled of course)
feel free to shoot me an e-mail to bounce ideas around.
Slots are going fast for my new mixtape. get wit me
It is National Coffee Week! Perfect for your favorite blend tomorrow morning.
Yep yep
RT : let me treat you to the fine things in life
I've still got the box and recipt around here too so i'll find that if we can work something out.
what a great night tonight guys!
Talking to my crush about the stupidest things >>
Word! RT : Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you. Have fun and give them something to talk about.
RT : Top O' the morning to you! Here's looking to a great year for Wines of Washington! #WAwine #Wine #WIYG #Travel Cheers!
Don't even
#CNN Confirms: The bomb scare at the Hall of Justice courthouse in Riverside, CA ended without incident. No suspicious devices were found.
Including the BULLSH, life's GREAT. Imagine life without IT...
I got an iPhone so now we are twinies :)
alright! Only days I'm no good for are 3/15-18...other than that, I'm easy to find :-)
I didn't, but I also miss a chance to brag ;)
I want your love and I want your revenge. I want your love. I dont wanna be friends ;*
RT : The Horny Goat Beer radio spot was hilarious!
Now would be a good time for Johnson's first hit.
LOL RT : I guess now we know how Romney's fiscal plan adds up: a new "Lunch Money" fee.
SKINS FEST YOUTH FILM WORKSHOP AT PONCA TRIBE IN OK. JUNE 28TH -JULY 6. Check laskinsfest.com in next days for pics&vid
Getting my nails did with kylie. (:
I wish this rain would go away!
wow, thanks for your very sweet acknowledgements note! What a lovely surprise. Very flattered!
cool! Thanks Cara! :)
Refs....just awful
GO RACERS!!! I AM CHEERING FOR YOU.
Q7. Zesty Italian is my favorite and I'd love to try Three Meat Medley.
Just in time for Christmas! Buy 4 gift certificates to Jimmy's Island Grill and get 1 free!
aww that sounds so fun! any special reason why it was a day off?
About to take my praxis! See you in for hours
Time to study! :)
Is it too soon to quote a certain #Bruins announcer? Because apparently "summertime is coming to Philadelphia"
thanks for the help today Nick!
I wouldn't go near it!
then do it. What are you waiting for?
Bench clearing fight at the Admirals Game. Crazy fights all over the ice. Both teams sent to the locker rooms. 3 intermissions today
you mean an Irish whip wouldn't be more effective?
I picked up a growler of that yesterday. Hoping to share it with a visiting friend tomorrow. Was it good?
Little known fact: Mitt saved the American automobile industry by purchasing Cadillacs for his 24 grandmothers.
Made a new school friend by sending her a screenshot of the Will Ferrell Jeopardy/Turd Ferguson SNL sketch.
Gotta do Spanish
Ha! Hypothetically, I've a whitelist <g>...which *you've* been on forever <laughing and laughing> Signal to noise does get complex
I seen you on Tanisha Got Married for the first time. You're so beautiful!
Ready to retire and dream away.
Hearing lots of Good things about FBCD!!!! Keep on watch and get shares while you can!!!
Same here! Onward and upward.
There's just something about a neighborhood coffee shop.
I run barefoot all the time. Especially when I have back pain. It helps my joints realign. What's your 6 pack routine?
So funny Boss' wife called his cell/speaker phone, we were headed to lunch mtg, nice day. "Oh, do you have your top down?"
OMG. Right at this moment my inbox is empty....
Oh what are your plans tonight?!
Teena Marie... One of the absolute BEST! R.I.P.
Actually, it's Jered Weaver (Jeff's brother).
Thank you! You're doing a great job...I hope all is well.
Off to work! Stupid show! But free beer and $6 an hour makes it worth while I GUESS.. keep tellin' myself that..
Celebrate Mom today!
You must love yourself before you love another,By accepting yourself and fully being who you are, your presence can make others happy.
RT - have to make a speech on friday about the history of the New England Patriots. anyone wanna help? lol
OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck and The Zingaro are ¡Explora! Science Center and Children's Museum 18th and Mountain 10-2.
I know enough about chemical relaxers that I'm not going back there, but dammit I need to swing some straight hair for a minute.
RT : Roses are red / Millenium Falcons are white / You love me? I know. / That's why I got encased in Carbonite.
Happy New Year to you!
Bored and its Friday nite
Dolphins. The most dangerous of all marine life.
THIS! :) --> RT : - Nice to meet you both and hangout at #talentnet ! Let's stay in touch!
What or where is Portland's Best business or destination. Mention and we will likely retweet it.
To the Marketers of Activia. Having Jamie Lee Curtis talk about her digestive issues is the reason I will never eat yogurt ever again!
We love ! Http://massiverocketradio.com
never even got a chance to play my Slither records
HAHAHAHAH = very funny. Hahahaha = funny. Haha = not funny at all.
#yourethereason why I cry sometimes, why I can't sleep at night, why I can't have a happy ending with someone good.
your a chop freaken king all day is chop chopity chop
Chad is such a frickin dork. How do I stand talking to him?
Check out EVA member 's article about professional jealousy in this month's ' Report pg 29.
UK gets the win over ECU 6-2. Game two against Liberty tomorrow @ 1 P.M.
you'r so sweeeeeeettt , omg mary me ? (:
where do you get all these quotes from! They're amazing! *Bretana*
If Mr. Met isn't available, there's always Jack-in-the-Box right?
Lost 11 followers recently I'm really sorry I haven't been following people back..or tweeting but I am really sick at the moment..</3
Long Day ahead -.-
Alright, we are extending the Giveaway for ONE MORE HOUR so get in there and write some reviews. Winner will be chosen at approx 1PM PST
if they really are that unattractive in real life, the only "cute alter ego" they have is a video game create-a-character...
Have an ICONic Birthday(;
YO BLOW UP
Wow. Somebody was a mess. Trying to drink like a champion and wake up 7am for work/brunch
- I'm with on this one. Total badassness.
TONIGHT! Pop up show at the living room on N Miami Ave and 40 st at 7PM! Live music + painting +
Congrats! Lucky..
Want to see Death Cab For Cutie at Mud Island on Wednesday? Tag and in a tweet and you might win a pair of tickets!
Good Nite . all twitter friends.
Wall to wall, back to back College Success Skills classes.
hi follow me back ? :)x
When will Passion of the Christ be rereleased in 3D??
So cruel...both of my 8am classes are later during the week...
Im in #NorthDalLas it didn't get bad at all
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online
I just watched that a couple weeks ago! I want to go there and see it
In the Super Shuttle to DCA! Operation: Whirlwind IA Weekend is a GO!!! See you soon !!!
wonder if Newt will get a big enough bounce. Best orator of all. Santorum did not do well.
When my baby become a big musician . I'ma always be his number 1 fan .
the top one piques my interest.
Ha I saw u walking on Braun:]
I sent that bitch a smiley face! Bitches love smiley faces!
OH for Grimy sake ima god for Grimy saker all i see is green im so close wit Mother Nature
Luck baby!!
Dorian: "8 out of 10 millennia sleep with their phones near. Only 3 out of 10 for people older than 50 do."
Hey do you wanna like you know...follow me?(:
Show me love, show me fuckin love
miss you too!
Thanks @ bdebayle for the follow!
forever :: Monad m => m a -> m b has a pretty nifty signature if you think about it. the type shd tell you the b is a lie
I wish this dude would leave me alone... 32 missed calls is a lil bit rediculous! --__--
Brooklyn producer Khromozomes is seeking a new singer/songwriter. Must have experience. Pls contact .
damn they don't make them like you no more.
Truth! MT : "Let me tell you how marriage works. She says, 'We're going to have a dog doo pie' and you say, ALL RIGHT!"-
Going to sleep early for once
THEY ARE FREE!!!
Well when , and I make it,we are going 2 be the same people so please don't treat us different! :) <3 Love Them
OH: "We'll get it all WYSIWYGed up"
It doesnt feel like one o' clock at all
My face hurts <<<<
imagine a curriculum created WITH the students!
: Emailed weeks ago and still haven't heard from you. Anyone I can talk to about streaming our monthly events?
She has NO longevity/ real platform. Where does the "movement" go when tenure and LIFO issues R exhausted?
whats even more amazing is me turnin em DOWN!!!! yep... he makes me happi... (2day)
Today is a good day to be alive.
A career adventure is the better way to think about life. – Roger Enrico, former CEO, Pepsico
on how to play bass: "Play only the best notes. Then wait a measure."
haha. Good to know. I've done a couple of strips that weren't literal monuments.
Good Morning! Warmer weather and a 30% chance of rain, today and tomorrow! Pray for rain..potatoes are planted and getting ready for onions.
RT : primo.. Sending the joint tomorrow..· say no more...
I am a glutten for punishment.. Just followed some alt. med people... This should be good... and drive me a little crazy..=D
If you've ever wanted some of my pee, today is a good day to ask(nicely).
matches stadium/arena buyers with vendors. Tonight thru Wednesday. Cowboys Stadium tour and dinner Tue night sponsored by us.
DON'T PANIC! There will be a state-wide tornado drill at 9 am in GA today. It's
I finally understand "Professor Jones" and positional analysis for the lottery. It doesn't work by itself but other pieces.
Blueberry pancakes that are more blueberry than pancake.
Its very humid in school!!
I was drugged, manually stimulated, & raped by a woman. Apparently I really wanted it while unconscious.
. Why did Indiana go from 100% to 18%?
huh really? okay i dm you! haha.
We are over 400 followers strong! Please tell every to support the tweed by retweeting and talking about it.
Bitch if you died I wouldn't buy you life..
An #audition and then my final class with Dan Ireland
I gotta bad chick and that chick right
that means you're home.......
"I have a headache and I just did a little heabanging to Four Year Strong, oww ow,, my head :("
We do, too!
hey i got something to tell you..........
Thanks, glad you're listening!
“You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.” ~Goethe
True! -A is really smart just for that reason but she/he is getting on my nerves! lol
We were each other's valentines today...typical!!!
Good morning friends, who's excited for another Toast & Taste Thursday 5-8pm
#ifidiedtommorow id face every fear i ever have had
Everyone is just so dumb...classic words said by
Watching back up plan! This movies is soo halarious! :D
ya! That would be fun! Bring back colorado cody
you library buddies are ready to escape the bad party scene and find you. #help! (what is the app?!?)
Lol. Do I come off as serial killer-ish? :)
FOUR MORE YEARS!
NEW FOUND RESPECT FOR WEB DESIGNERS, MAN THAT ISH TAKES FOREVER!!! CHECK OUT MY SITE HAD TO MAKE SOME UPDATES johnboatnerentertain.com
"Never worry about solving all your problems today. The great thing about problems is that they will still be there tomorrow."
My Ambien is telling me to say nite nite....lol Later baby dolls! ..xo.
The Edge Of Glory Bday Tomorrow
Excited to see tonight live on Letterman! Hope to hear "Spilling Faith," I love the new album's collaboration with Ringo Starr!
yea I kno breakfast... I shoulda been more specific... But that does sound good... Haha.. :)
have an IT Director candidate in Sarasota; highly recommended by his current CFO (company is folding)
Kentucky said welcome to there block party (In Meek Mill voice) lmao!!!!!
gr8 idea! Only YOU'D b a hotter Wonder Woman!!
Is that the rich, white person version of horchata?
Why is it so cold??
Tonight: PAPER DIAMOND & POLISH AMBASSADOR at Canal Club Doors 9pm $20.00
Rephrased: I love touching my skin, its so soft :)
Great time @ baby shower!Goingto start babybook w/great stuff.Later we'll add:1st time baby dropped on head,Baby's 1st juvenile offense,etc
You got this Bulls ! 4 seconds left !
Lost my fuckin phone like a dumbass!
This is a repeat of junior year!
Bring on the weekend!
Can you see us waving? [stretches arm out the window]
That is beautiful! Thank you so much Desratano!
Lev Grossman's The Magicians. RT Good morning! What are you reading this weekend? Tag #freshairbooks to read and share
he should stay, and the magic should get a new GM!
On the human chessboard, all moves are possible. -Miriam Schiff
follow back :-)
"I was going to tell you a gay joke, butt fuck it."
Cabot/Jasper Hill Cloth Bound Cheddar
No need for hostility over something micro
Broke a Bink 182 cd while cleaning it. F**k!!!
not for free but I got it all together. :-)
FIRST DOWN
OK...I eat almost anything...yet know ur gambling w/food poisoning w/that combo
I will leave a mark on this planet bigger than the foot steps I make every day. My mark will be measured in the lives I help save by BIMO QA
Anne has a very Meagan-esque get up on too. Both of em straight out of the swingin 60s
Good Afternoon..feeling a little sad because someone from my generation lost his battle with cancer. RIP MCA.
text me back ASAP! Planning on going to Dayton tomorrow and I know would love to see you too!!!!
Look forward to the game. Would be cool to see a diag to help blended classrooms have individualized plans from day 1
Gotta make this week a good week, will see how long that last for.
You think you know what my life's about, but I'm not being negative I'm just facing up.
How do I get early "Hunger Games" tickets w/out being overrun by teens or having its gorgeousness overshadowed by noisy viewers? Impossible?
Hi #oetc12 attendees! Learn more about the Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives @ our table outside the Battelle Grand. We have candy!
Makin moves to better my life...time to relax
Limb breaking is good, reel that mofo in
Hey what's up
i love thunder and i love rain and i love lightning.
you got it all wrong H. Btw thanks for coming out Saturday, looking good!
So if by the time the bar closes, & you feel like falling down...I'll carry you home, tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Recovery for our country begins when we leverage our own entitlement for the benefit of those less entitled // via
I'm really bored... Bye -MB
A rainy day like today is perfect for museum going! We'll be open 12:30-5, stop on by.
In reflection of the movie the happening, the best part was where the kids got shot-they were almost as annoying as the movie
Dell Education RT : Welcome to Our New STEM Resource Center - STEM Education (usnews.com) bit.ly/qmkmdI ^KS
I have a dream that fear will loose its power over many and the freedom to love openly fills the air!
I follow back!
omg ikr ah i cant wait lol :)
Best pizza in town for dinner:D
RT : Yay, Thanks for the Kiss N Tell Creme Sheen with SPF 15! No more sun burnt lips! We love quality #beauty pr...
Lol. No thanks. I'm picky about stuff I read/watch. For God :)
I love how you aren't a Thunder fan! I was surprised Joe Johnson didn't fall down like he got shot driving to basket last night.
Ha! We may take her then...
David Nour is our guest today. What is "Relationship Economics?" Tune in and find out!
Keep in touch with us as we revamp for 2012!
Exactly! I 100% agree with you.
OMG a bug just flew on me.. I'm def. Not feeling this sh!t.
your vegan cupcakes are epic, so good to see you and everyone today!
But if I was a single man, alone and out there on the loose.. I'd be looking for a woman like you..
RT FACT: the average person tells 4 lies a day; that's 1,460 a year. And the most common lie is... " I'M FINE "
I would like weekly updates on this
NBA PLAYOFFS: I've got Miami vs. San Antonio with the Heat winning it all....look forward to watching Pacers, Jazz, and Grizzlies for fun
TY, Lindsey! And thanks for sharing the Seminar for Historical Administration posts. Have you considered applying for SHA?
That Was A Great Shot He Was Wide Open He Gotta Make That...
chillout music has been created to make people feel good. Such a wonderful thing
You did not #followback. hence the drop :) I'll #follow you again -- hope to see you on my list! :)
didn't even get to sip my OT beer
the toxicity!! Lol reminds me of that system of a down song.
the carnage could be horrific, but impossible not to wonder
YES I WANT TO BE IN IT!!!!
#ShoutOut to my newest Verified follower === === y'all go download her Debut Mixtape #InCaseWeDie asap I see you baby do yo thang!!
;-) And if you need anything, you know how to get in touch. I'm always happy to help.
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first loves, & protect each other like siblings; its meant to be!!!
Just got my butt handed to me on Wii by a cocky little 9-yr-old...
love you :D cant wait for your album hopefully i can see one of your shows sometimes <3
RT Everyone go and download new app! It is a great resource for women looking to enhance their spiritual walk!”
lol i saw a man havin a little run and it's chrismas day!! Merry christmas every1 :) God bless u all <3 Peace
we should organize a flying trip some time. I'm about to take my private vfr check ride. I usually rent from windy city.
actually, I have no problem talking about my mistakes...I hate sounding like a braggart about my accomplishments. That's hard!
Simultaneously packing for two very different trips is kinda fun: 1) suit; 2) bug repellant; 3) heels; 4) paddle leash - Check!
Follow me. please. :D <3
Im Thankful 2 have change n my life & Positive ppl as well,
I just read American Psycho again on Monday, haven't been able to sleep well since. Well done sir, well done.
Hi Brenda, I just started tweeting, seeing what this does for an artist... fun so far.
Yup. Since there's no better voice of authority on health matters than a paid lobbyist...
Got to be on my grind all day tomorrow got money to make to pay for my in schooling and replace my drivers license
Hey You should have New Orleans poster boy on your show before JazzFest. EPK video:...
Ready for another bball game tonight.. Quick workout with when she gets home, then game at 10
1ts L1ke Every other Month 1 have An Obsess1ve L1k1ng To An Awesome Famous Person! do U?
Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars? Collecting yur jar of hearts, who do you think you are!
Hahahahahaha!! I JUST DID THIS!
Wtf stop sending me spam and viruses.
#dh11 ... and collaborate in teams of 1000s, welcoming scientists w/ this experience.
best cure is lying in bed with book until this position is insupportable.
Who believes in Karma?
For the first time in about 3 years, my Bombers t-shirts aren't getting pushed to the front on the "need first" laundry list
Chris is crazy ah lmao
Church (check). Moving right along through my Sunday flow.
Order has been restored to the universe. Giants 29, Jets 14
Creating short intro to assessment for IL for discussion next week. Anyone have favorite assessment resources to recommend?
- The stars, i can listen to this song all day!
Enabling someone with addiction is not loving them. The addict must want to get help, but family & friends can become roadblocks.
hell yeah. I just got off n gotta be at my otha job at 9
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! :)
Oh and Happy First Day of May. We haven't forgotten that!
Who's support <U+2665>Jelena<U+2665>??
Omq did u see the one wear she drinks her urine and baths in it. Nasty! & the one chick with huge BOOBS. -_-
Great day today, is announcing he will run for Lieutenant Governor!
Is it over yet?
Thanks for the mention!RT : I'm more of a Brunch guy for that: 1) Etta's, 2) Sunflour Cafe, 3) Blue Star Cafe.
aldsfjasldfasd Why is this dumb Call Me Maybe song so fucking catchy?!?!
Thanks for the RT!
that was pretty cool lol
Baq on twitter
NO NEED TO GUESS IM QUITE KNOWN TO IMPRESS, AFTER FIRST DAY OF SEX SHE ALL ON ME LIKE THE PRESS
Nice number!
haha love her too! She still cuts her grass....and you should see her back out the garage.
Just realized I'm "that guy." I'm out wearing a 12-year-old T-shirt I got at an A Perfect Circle concert when I was 17.
ate pizza yesterday , she did the crime .. now she gotta pay the time LOL joggin . 7pm .
I am IN LOVE with the mash up I am making right now
Smokin on that #afghankush....this the war on terror shit right here!
I think I did some of my best writing today. Not sure the professor is gonna dig it though.
I ordered a #fuelband said i'll recieve on the 22nd but no confirm email. Did I make it or was it telling me next in stock date?
You know it's your parents that turned me on to it.
Blackboard is soul-sucking. That is all.
absolutely & ditto! Love to see your tweets about potential new shops & eateries in Milwaukee! Gets me excited :)
It sure does to me! :) Normally it is pretty mundane but this weekend we are hopping! Sunday is just the usual errands for us.
Your Lying with your gold chain on cigar hanging from your lips I said hun you never looked so beautiful as you do now my man
State orientation.
Today was a GREAT fucking day
Just finished Checklist Manifesto by I can see why makes it a mandatory read. Interesting and entertaining.
Don't you worry your pretty little mind! People throw rocks at things that shine! - Taylor Swift <3
o girl!
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. ~Ovid
Love that one too :)
Why you not doin nothing RT : On some bored shit
It's just a fad. It will go away. Just like MySpace did.
Does this mean I can show my sleeve of tattoos now? Woo hoo! Kissing my sweaters goodbye.
Super Summer Sale at balancebikeshop.com. Promo code: SUMFUN10 for 5% all orders and free shipping!
Thank you! Someone out there knows!
dm are you shark hunter from tv series or more like Jaws. And for they record, I won't swim distance without a Speedo.
Just left 'Lucky' Magazine feeling pretty lucky! It's been so much fun meeting with all of these fabulous people. Such a treat!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture Huge Furniture Sale !!!!
Already covered Usher's whole catalog in karaoke, do I have to learn the new stuff?
I am IN LOVE with how my hair came out!!
Follow supper !
congrats on new logo, look for it in Around the City in this week's print edition of Sand Diego LGBT Weekly
- already have them. :)
#BAZINGA - "moonlight serenade" by Glenn Miller. That's what I'm talking about!
lol i dnt no i forgot remba last time we were talkin n i dnt u was a girl i forgot n i said tha same thing i feel gay omg
When I get off work I have to manage to go hangout with some lady friends, god I need guy friends
Thanks Jordy, will check your project out!
Mike Brown might be fired by the end of this quarter yo lmao
. is at the RB Community Council meeting tonight to talk about smart meters & wildfire costs. We'll share any interesting tidbits.
how does Rice fall out this week?
God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.
MT Old idea:Discover your one true calling. Better way:Respect & follow your callings as they arrive, again & again, & with joy.
nice work. It was also nice to see that I wasn't the only red that asked for a XXL shirt.
Imperfections are underrated.
In a seafood coma... Saying goodbye to my daughter soon
Well, that was a high scoring game. Charlie was 3 for 3--2 from the left, 1 from the right. Team made some nice plays on defense, hit well.
Haha!! No problem..... You know you chuckled when you read it!
Speaking tonight at Converge21 USA is , , Jacobs,
thanks for the notes. I went through the book carefully a few times but maybe the conductor it associate adapted it? Beauty!
Gas / Food Never Pay, www.downow.info I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info, no one gets hurt, only helped
Slowly raises hand
Aww! That's so sweet.
Happy Holidays and a prosperous new year to all our kind fans and customers!
So...I'm watching the latest My Strange Addiction....
I'm sure lots of people were confused. Possibly most.
looks like you're into Bees and board games... ever play #Hive? :)
I like No. 10 a lot!
You tweeted the chairs too late! :( Now you'll have to wait til next year.
Call of the Suburbs
I can always tell who has their social media ear to the ground. You guys are quick!
you can't score now lol like I said. Fleury is underachieving but is accomplished. Flyer goalies are just bad
We need new friends ! Tune in, and better yet - call in (or go online) & become a member tonight while I'm on with 8-10
Where the alcohol at?!
I'm rolling with my three homies: zyrtec, allegra & benedryl - I've never been around palm pollen, so I'm talking no chances
Wats tweeps.. finally out my funk
RT "The best way to recover from the mistake is to admit them"
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Cauliflower. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Big thanks to and ! #Youknowwhatyoudid,
It's the start of a brand new week! Make it a great one for your health!
yeah I hope they announce it soon, or release their EP
Because people are being smart, they gonna smoke when they get home lol
I should probably rely on technology a little less.
Did you know that when you hit your finger w/a meat tenderizer it hurts like a mofo?Yep.Sure does.I do not recommend you try this at home.
I love how it looks after a rainstorm. It looks beautiful <3
o this Pandora underground hip hop is tight!
Finished golf. Taking the second shower of the day. Just tring to stay cool
This voice for my test at work sounds like its a trainy
Sry ladies just finished cleaning old apt
Ug; very sorry to hear. Regrets.
3 more day till 2011 #sunsalute at the shala NYC! Reserve your mat space today and support yoga in NYC's public schools!
Heading to Battle of the Bay weigh in!!!
That is bottom line! Thanks for the kind words. Enjoy the rest of
See what you started, Scott? I blame you. RT who wears pajamas?
I attended the Narragansett tasting at Bert's Better Beers in Hooksett, NH. The Lager, Cream, and Bock were sampled
OK Then Goodnight to you too
Time to go get it, boys!
“ Ooh Yo call me I'm bored
Money and hoes
About 2 sit back an Drink some Bombay an Play Madden
RT : Keeping an eye on my East Coast friends this weekend. Stay as safe as you can. > Bal'more, NY, NC, PA, you're in my thghts
Oh can't forget the boy !
Good Morning, Lovers!
I've got 3 day weekends until mid-March now because of the shift in concert schedules. YEAH!
I posted your link to your books in the Ohio and Michigan communities on Facebook. It has been posted on the Youth site
I hope I live to the year 2069 so I can just laugh that entire year.
#omgyes !!!! You got any crazy summer plans, twin?
Serves you right. You violated their TOS.
seriously, you guys provide the most amusing study breaks ;)
...and while they administer to necessities of the sick, an opportunity will be afforded for administering the consolations of holy religion
Anyone want tickets for the Pink Floyd concert? F3 Row J seats 8&9, #tulsa Sat 5/5 - $450
Nobody loves trouble as much as me
I'll go just as far as Britney Spears!!! GET AT ME!
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
are you going to D.C. or the state?
"Omg, he is cute" "You think so? "Yeah, but don't tell him.." *Shouting* "HEY YOU! MY FRIEND THINKS YOU'RE CUTE!"
Whatever BITCH
Brainstorming about this years crawl. Email us your ideas!
Over this bitch.
i picked up the first book a while back. Made it about twenty pages.
Flicked over to #idol and this kid Just slayed that James Brown song. Wow! Serious talent
Yup...Madonna is old and super awkward. But I love me some Cee-Lo
Um, todays hip hop is just shit.
A: Not Detroit. RT Q: What city has the best public transportation?
Uhh, just heard this song called human by the killers on pandora and I have no clue what the fuck hes talking about?
Thanks, CB.
- which is why I loved it when they came to the 's parking lot!
Look At Matthew's pictures. Tell me how can you not see his mole from 4-6 ft away.
care to explain?
If u see somebody washing a car in the parking lot there's something very wrong wth tht
welcome to DC :)
I will get some water for u
I know I should be pulling for Ohio St for the Big Ten, but it's just so hard to do.
Nope, it didn't. Somebody
yeah thank god I'm so drained <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Congratulations to all the performers who were nominated and won at today's Young Artist Awards. WELL DONE
RT Having lunch and talking about the value of data #deduplication and
So much going on and too much on my mind! It keeps me up...wishing it could go away.
#iJustLoveItWhen I talk to someone and they know exactly how I feel.
can make $ at THE EROTIC .com
hey Austin you unfollowed me :(
it wasn't even scary, just hilarious :D
i let stuff gett to me to easily..
oh, thank you darling! Ur icon is so funny :D
Happy Monday everyone. Looking forward to beautiful #ABQ temps this week - highs in the 70s & 80s!
Key Largo Original Music Fest to Take Center Stage May 17-20 the return of Nashville's Melody Guy
Hm. You seem like a "hat girl", so something eccentric. Maybe an exclamation point shaped hat.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Solar Lights FREE with a $25.00 purchase! 7 SKU's to choose from (Riverwest)
ohh.. okay I was just mkn sure.
1st verse: #Insongmia , my life right now
<U+2665> Thank You Joan <U+2665>
My mom is texting me bragging about her new iphone she just got...LOL
then i'm gonna push you off a cliff
Had a great time at the ATLKidzShow with Key Swag and other guest
Thanks so much for ur support!! It means a lot!!
Working on the final edit for my first book, will be available on Kindle by Jan 15th. Updates will continue to follow...
i wish we had another time i wish we had another place with
When a fem. horse & male donkey mate, the offsprng is called a mule, but when a male horse & fem. donkey mate, offsprng is called a hinny.
Penny Lane?
Hope you all had a good thanksgiving and black Friday now a chance to relax. Stop in and see us open till 9! :)
Thank you for spreading the word about & !
Me" ah....ah shit. Coach! What do I do?" Coach "oh shit. Meridith! That shits broke. That shits broken."
Lunch buffet in hyatt lobby only 10 bucks!
sup with these raffles who wants an ipad 3 ?!
Overheard... 2 LA fashionistas arguing over the Grai leather vest while lunching at La Provence! Who will get to it first?
Am I the only one who wants to keep my Facebook friends separate from my friends?
I still want a cockatiel. They're so cute!
And on the topic of gay marriage. It is simple. Equal rights. That is all that is being asked for.
great concept and so fun! ;)
rock that Handel, ! woo!
me either! Its killing me, im gonna have to reread the books in the meantime!!
hey guys i wanna say im impressed and if you need any NEW music i can offer you guys my music to use
The Post published Period elegance with modern twist
Come on! One more Grilli!
Life's Bitch, But Be A Pimp <3
So ready for bed.
If you love Sherlock Holmes and haven't seen Jeremy Brett, you have some work to do. Get to it.
Diana Derval just presented the Hormonal Quotient at the #Neuromarketing World Forum.Watch out for her new book in April!
This yr of all yrs, with influx of new TV network money, a ticket price hike by UO is nothing more than a money grab and slap in fans' face
Thursday Wind Down: Gluten free beer and snacks in the lounge from 5-7!
Congrats In the words of the late Al Davis..."Just Win Baby" the rest works itself out!
Hope your ready to be #1 #ItsPinkFridayHoeRomanReloaded!
Oh hi summer!
If you follow me, you obviously care about 35mm, which means you should also be following !
What's your favorite bamboo item? Is it our cool and comfortable t-shirts, or how about our ultra-soft and silky bed sheets?
Police looking for suspects. Public is NOT in danger. police say knives and guns were displayed but not used. Two victims taken to hospital.
lmao i cant wait!!
Fantastic! These kids are great
Nope! No dress code...if you're comfortable, so are we!
I watched the recently-released "Boyfriend" music video just now (don't judge). Is he kidding?
Yes! I always have snacks in the car for my hungry passengers.
Oh stop! Or before you know it, my mom will sign up for a Twitter account so she can catch all the breaking news.
my graduation cap looks dumb
Just finished taking part and speaking at the National Rumble young Man rumble black Male achievement Summit at Central High
Tomorrow is the last day anyone at fountain fort carson will see me aha :)
#HustlersWantANewATLSong because our ears are starving
Today, we celebrate. This is the reason we live.
#ndpl LYRASIS consults with members to complete digital projects; working with 11 public libraries and 12 state libraries
thank you. <U+263A>
Besides Adrenaline rocking tonight at Mulligans 64, Mulligans is a great place to watch the grizzlies. Come on!!!!
Thank you for our 'Best of Austin' award! The most creative, fun & well run camps & programs for kids - we think so too!
If I had a quarter for every time I traded up and shagged someone out of my league I'd have about 8 bucks. (My league is a bowling league)
89% on constitution test!!!
it's in ya email my g
Intriguing idea - think there's something there. Up for discussing further.
I think even if you knock out all the other extreme tans and sunburns I've gotten in the past, this one alone would get me skin cancer
A night with vagina hurting.. may god be with us
You have covered The Sox a tiny bit though, any thoughts on Franconia getting fired? Respect your opinion on all sports.
BIG NEWS== WAFFLE HOUSE HASH BROWNS R THE SHIT.
Well, time to focus on the Yates game. Will be back with more updates later!
Or I start crying.
Need to beat the heat? Our skilled baristas are slinging icy-cold drinks all day long. Just sayin'..
how you tempt me to comment on your foursquare posts!
Religion is the reason the world is how it is.
I think the general idea is that a prototype is something you can show folks and wireframes, generally, are not. Extra steps.
The Show should bring back Ragger's Rail at baseball games.
palm trees in orlando. hey they have starbucks here
have fun at my old walmart
I just want to let you know I am not a weirdo :) I just really like ur tweets and stuff
I like when you can talk to someone, open up and tell them everything knowing what you said would never be herd by another:).
Congratulations Abdullah ! doesn't feel like yesterday when you first started college and were my student ! Now I feel old :(
SEO Tip #32 Give each page a focus on a single keyword phrase. Don ’t try to optimize the page for several keywords at once. Filed unde
3 weeks till Göteborg! SO EXITED !!!
Please visit the Minnesota Academic Excellence Foundation website at: www.maefboard.com
Green mint latte - refreshing and delicious.
wait... who is this?
To be uncertain is to be uncomfortable, but to be certain is to be ridiculous. -Chinese Proverbs
I'm volunteering at #CiL11 today, but hopefully I'll still be able to sit in on some sessions.
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal."
Thanks again to sponsors of last night's event, & , and to our hosts at !
New Social Studies #teachers: What did you feel was a waste of time in your methods class? Why? How to improve? Please RT!
good picks!
Thanks Dee!!!!
Lovin having this beautiful Friday off!
Please be my 100th follower and Please be 's 414th follower please WE LOVE YOU AO MUCH YOU ARE OUR HERO
Can't wait to leave for my mini vacation.
That website is addictive. crazy stuff!!
I should apply, as a full time sperm donor
they making sure the mpc renaissance have a slight sales problem when it drops. Good move for NI.
Day #8 of my drinking challenge....I feel fantastic!
This weather was crazy!
Come on Kansas you got this!
Females get mad cause we smash randoms...well ms.lady if u took care of home & didn't get on my nerves nagging & not doing the right thing
I wish I owned a boat. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I wonder what the top imputed speed between any two stations is? #CaBiTT #donttrythisathome #BikeDC cc:
well thank you sir! Just trying to focus on finally having some fun ya know?
everything that Edgar Allan Poe writes is perfect. Well some are creepy but they're still good!
"Endlessly." Green River Ordinance. Someone is playing this at my wedding.
"There's no alcohol tonight? Bummer." "... We have to go pick up a wedding card and a few other things from the store."
yes i'm a big ol' bottom. glad you like watching me. i'm a huge exhibitionist
Sometimes a hug is all you need to fell better.
Any of my equip brokers out there selling a late model auto-platen foil stamper for under $250,000? email
Please reach out to me at so I have room to reply. THX Jen
Zizek, Camus, and Latour and a Ruby developer? Any one of those is a career :)
sounds like you had a good time. I'm on vacation next week, but you will have to tell me about it when I get back.
Hey soo... I was making my schedule for high school today, and who will take theatre with me? :)
. I think "bloggy" means designed for chronological posting, when he mostly wants static pages.
how dope would it be if they made World War Hulk a (GREAT) movie?
had a dream I went back to work at the agency I last worked at. very strange dream, as I've been gone from there for almost 2 years.
40 time was a bit slower this year than in years past. Wonderlic score was still high, though. That's what really counts, right?
John madden and pat summerall
haha weren't you in one of my pictures before?? Pretty sure you commented about it.
amen to that girl... And good morning to u
My Player Ways To Stay!
this Sunday at THE FARM// Short Fuse, These Streets Below, Beauty of The Beast, & Special Guests!
no doubt! Keep up the good work... & send us some pics of that Arizona Sunset
Losing pot after pot in absurd fashion. 51k with 4 hands left.
where is the party at?
From our seats Luke Babbitt with his new haircut looks like Detlef Schrempf. I wish I were watching those
just wanted to let u know that u may have a virus. U sent me a direct message about rumors about me?? I didn't open it.
"Tychasm is clearly a 1st and Anacasm a 2nd in the Peircian evolutionary triad..." An actual quote from my paper. #Igetpaidtodothis?
Ignoring the facts does not change the facts.
I know im crazy, lol
the sheer fact that I have a bin just full of empy purses and bags makes me hate life.
: So much! FInally! Someone understands me! lol
Back on campus at last and revving up for ... well, everything. First steps: sorting through piles of emails, prepping for desk hour at 3PM.
I tried something and it came out close to qnames :-) hence the joke. of course not :-)
Unreal! They better get their shit together in the 2nd half!
Oh, yeah. Just shattered the screen on my phone. Lucky, me. !
It's an awful way to feel, you feel so low like you can't go on
You're welcome & thanks ^.^
If I had a buck for everytime Capitalism is blamed for the problems caused by Government, I'd be an over weight filmaker with a baseball cap
Cleaning up the user interface on the VST Instrument plug-in...
I still have my Less than Jake fan club membership. RT Still in shock that I keep a Blockbuster membership card in my wallet
Friendly Rivals is tonight at Synod Hall in Oakland!! Don't miss out on this phenomenal concert! Tomorrow might sell out!
Hey Jillyan! Thanks for the video! The A.Skater event is at the Belmar, NJ Skate Park on the 20th from 11-1:00.
that was awesome but u coppied from beggining to end just sayiinn
Great to see at #LIDigital. What a great turnout. Anyone I missed?
Organic mint, lavender and citrus 3-packs are back in stock at JacksSoap.com! 3 bars are donated to a child in need with every purchase.
Your headshot is only a calling card. You're likability and talent will get you called back.
I am great. You should come out to one of my events this week. You down?
give us a shout out for #Bring1DToSeattle? Were doing our best to spread the word! :)
PrairieTykes: Wool Wonders Join us as we watch wool spinning, weaving and dyeing. We’ll get to see a sheep being sheared, too!
Omg what a Delicious dinner by Chef !!! I am so spoiled!!!!!!
Whats good twitter peeps! Happy Holidays to you and yours! "Sprinkle of Greatness" mixtape coming!
Turn up
50 followers already?
me too, you should just come and visit me for like a month at least!
Im on one
Today's #TuesdayTwitterTips provide 10 tech tips for a healthier heart. Enjoy!
: Private Skin Care Consultancy,Facials,&Waxing in LA &The Valley contact them at RT
Camtasia is great indeed! How have you used it to make your professional life a little better?
have a blessed & productive day everyone!!
Greg vs Jon tonight at the BC.
Wat tha hell is up wit fat girls wear short ass shorts these days
A foul tho
Allie the prettiest girl in any room such a stud, she'll take you in any competition funny and charming, every guys perfect girl
I'm seeing everyone getting RT by Im wishing, hoping, and praying that could be me <3 make my life and RT this??? (:
Active Network job opportunity: Manager of Online Account Management for Active.com in San Diego. Send qualified candidates my way...
I'm starting it tonight! “: Taking advantage of this long flight to DC to finally read Unbroken.”
Join us this weekend for HeArt For Cambodia! An art auction to raise funds for WWW.Childrescueinc. org
No one ever rings my doorbell.So naturally when it happened, I grabbed the closest weapon and assumed it was the killer.
#cw09 stenzel: is twitter sustainable for us?
why did you take your perfectly good text document, make an image of it, and save as .pdf?
I am clearly more hateful and threatened than you.
Why is ESPN talking about how shitty the Giants were and not how good the packers played. Media bias pisses me off.
Do y'all have volunteers working at the manchaca location? Do you need food?
I hope so, I'm tired of receiving notifications on my phone.
“ it wasnt me believe me
what a dress? imshocked! Lol . like a party dress?
I just gave +K on "raising the roof"
it's so fun!!
Who will be wearing Jim Nantz's beads by the end of the night?
Prez-cisely! Can't wait to see “: Finishing up my first #Prezi. would be so proud!”
also seems that the backdoor cutter against lefties keeps improving, making it an almost Rivera-like weapon in relief. I hope
Video Marketing is crazy awesome!
no, actually I just unfollwed you. -_- sorry. Lollol kidding. Boy am I funny.
Still time to win our shirt giveaway. Nobody has answered correctly yet. You must reply in the shirt giveaway tweet with the correct answer
RT I need a date for 21 Jumpstreet on Friday/I keep hearing about this. Is it near Surprise or Peoria?
i wish my brother wasnt a dick. I wanta play xbox to bitch.
On this day in 1926, the #TreatyofBerlin was signed between #Germany & the
#pharmaforum fav slide so far: be your meeting managers bff. Organized invoices with back up is critical especially with new regulations.
Anyone know the lowest scoring half in postseason history?
Well then.. I'm down!
close enough. Mine was boys have cooties.
watching the wizard of oz, thinking about ariana, and her great dorothy voice<3
Starting Monday, our website will feature a new Beating the Recession vertical...a must read in this uncertain times.
neck deep in #mplus watching #cosmos for 1045846th time.
HA ! Male if you don't sit your ass down somewhere. Your an ex learn your place your not caling no damn shots. Kiss my ass bitch.
Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox. Let's go Sox.
Oh how a good night sleep makes everything seem better!
Audition tip #6: Better to be assumed cocky than too humble! Act like you Want it! Not Need it!
I think the concept 'away' has gone away. It's not about zero waste its about eliminating the concept OF waste- McDonough
Peace, Love & Soul
It is great to be alive
Only 5 weeks to start training for #halfmarathon in #SanDiego. Any tips or workout plans?
Oh my, that's just too adorable.
Watching a talk on information overload. "only 5% of our time is left for thought and contemplation." Wish I had that much.
"Zora Neale Thirstin", a bar I would go to on name alone
dude, you're going to need some listerine to disinfect your mouth after you eat that tainted cantaloupe
Also, nine assist/point double-doubles over last 21 for Rondo plus two triple-doubles.
damn girl, you look good as hell in this photo! :)
seriously you got got some great passes today...from the other team
Thanks for stopping in, what did you pick out?
go play in traffic? Would Justin like you saying that?
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.
It took 6.5 hours of coding frustrations.. but I made it to firkin thursday in time to sit at the bar. Now to breathe again :-)
This has to be done over... You're staying late..no over time
#boyfriendUK is a worldwide trend CHECK IT OUT NOW!!!!!!!!! #ILOVEYOU #BOYFRIEND IS ON THE RADIO RIGHT NOW TOO WHAT A GD LIFE!
its been a while since i said i love you to a guy and meant it.
thanks for the follow!
tentatively it will be the 7-14th maybe the 16th if i wanna stay a couple more days to visit... locking in the dates by next weekend
Great to connect w/you!
Thanks guys, I remembered Google Cache just after I posted that tweet and got the screenshot of Kirmse's message for the blog post.
I have tickets to "Electric Guest" playing the Foundation room. YEAH!!!
Hubby was the TV for the game - counting on my tweeple to live-tweet the #GoldenGlobes red carpet!
Aw yey sam, I fancy your dimples so much omfg.. ps glad you won
or they simply wont move after season to LA
Leaning back :)
Who's ready for the Jingle Bell Run tomorrow? We are so excited!!!
One way to up your running pace is to accidentally get mixed up with a JV track team on the jogging trail.
I was just making sure you weren't in town but not hanging out with me again! :)
no junior can .
"9th Company" - A Russian film based on real events that took place on Jan 8, 1989, on height 3234 in Khost province, Afghanistan.
Happy Ash Wed everyone!
THANK YOU! Kudos for responding back so quickly.
Come on in RT Hey ladies! we need to invite to in
cause u threw me in the trash o_O
Second celeb citing in NYC: Ginger from gilligans island. Passed her while getting on theM15 bus, was told I'm sitting in her seat
TY for the #FF and your kind words! I appreciate you.
Looks great, sounded like everyone loved them! #yumm!
yeh idk thought he was sad cause I lived kinda far
I can out drink for sure
Starting Friday we add lunch items to our menu! More details coming soon :)
I wanna ride on the back of a chopper with Daryl
I have a Platinum at home and just bought the Office Pro for my office. Big fan.
Meek Mill ft. Drake - Amen>>>> That's my cut!
ETA TO THE BIG APPLE 3 HOURS
R.I.P. Donna Summer
Fanboy And Chum Chum!
"In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future.. Alex Haley (American Author)"
This is not the leg you're looking for.
I hate those smh
i hate u rite this sec for tweetin tht
ah, yeah. i missed that. i think i was showing a guest out while he was doing sports. but as you're listening keep giving feedback!
No, I am not, Kyle. My trigger finger's just slow. Also, the day-laborers weren't here yesterday. Oh, you mean "libido", no?
I've just uploaded all my most cherished music to Google Music. Now Big Brother knows everything.
lol for real bro there is not one good thing about these movies
We are on it!
With a clear vision, we gain immeasurable strength. We are SS&Si Dealer Network.
A very special hello to my newest followers
Always a good sign when you walk into a photographer's studio and they're blastin Michael Jackson.
my nigga reminds me of my niggas #VA 2 #PA. That commonwealth system breeds animals. KEEP GRINDING!!!
you know i will
Only roughly 29 more hours until I'm immersed in the vast array of beers at the tomorrow!
Lunch will keep us together :#ReplaceLoveWithLunchSongs #TheHashtagGame”
Messing around with ThinApp by VMWare. I might have a new favorite application!
going to bed. text me. bye (:
New Around Town on #Cincinnati channel 411 on opening day parade- Complete with Joe Morgan!
Sometimes it just really hits the spot, doesn't it?! Now you're making me hungry, must raid fridge. :)
already went
Considering making a short documentary. "Nerds meet nature"
damn! I thought we were re-connecting. :)
Only 5 more days to nominate your company for a free breakfast! Tweet at and use hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16.
#Clippers take the lead. #WhatAcomeback #
You Best Facebook This Shit!
did u meet gaga??
your bars are shit compared to mine fake. Let's hit that invisible lawyer of your up. Where's your manhood female?
Love sitting next to trouble makers at conferences! Learning so much
HELLO MACTRAK..THE ATLANTIC BETWEEN US..WISHED WE WERE CLOSER..U HAVE TALL TREES 4 SQUIRRELS IN SCOTLAND?..F/S..
Need a like button in Twitter. :) I so agree with this one. My husband has to be tolerant as well.
Jack: yes i know, she is canadian american. But we will try to treat her like a normal human baby
A rainy day in Fire Island Pines town
Over 300 followers!! Thanks for the love. Themuseumgirl adores you all!
Wyclef's website yele.org the only reputable site to donate Haiti that I know of, if there's another legit one please post.
Holla at u clowns in the A.M....
#DWTS roshon did an amazing job!
Then check out those guys - a bit more boutique: www.butterlane.com :-)
Occupy (a table in a Starbucks near) Wall Street
but your still a good wrestler one of my favorites actually.
taking final steps for graduating from the University...
I can't wait til im in memphis for the summer so we can hangout!
Hahaha. A day in the life of #Amsterdamage. Love it, and miss it.
Mama Mahone we love you so much thank you for everything you have done for us and we are so blessed to have you and your son
Heyy are you Stephen Cox's little brother?
Many many thanks! Having a great night at the park! RT Glad you got the tickets ok! Have a great time!
Speaking at #MacWorld next week re: museum and art apps for the iPad. What's YOUR favorite? Make a nomination!
Thanks! I mostly drank a lot of ice tea and read over my notes before it was my turn to talk
I already made one lol! Everyone come and talk to me and ask me questions I am bored!
In vegas video dj convention and playing poker
Back at it today. Time for a run, then teaching my night class tonight.
Be sure and read "Jealousy's Rage" by Melissa Smitk. And "Full Circle" by Anne Maven.
Hello It's somones birthday here and we would love to have you @ 20th and K.... if you bring the treats!
Chicago you are pissing me off with this weather
mau main games? admin minta vote ya ~.
Wish I could be like her
Good morning.
... you cannot be trying to drown your parentals in debt for your wedding. That mess will rear its head on you soon as they retire.
Beautiful evening for sitting outside apt building having left keys inside. Least I can enjoy spring weather.
I am saddened to hear of GWAR's loss...
:( Thanks for sharing it. Hopefully writing about it got you a little closer to being at peace with it.
#dry as the desert over here woooh team nv
HAPPY KINGS HOCKEY DAY!!!!
baked chicken, steamed cabbage, & cornbread from scratch..chef boyarTEE has done it again..Rachel Ray gotta come on wit it...
Wow, this #kentuckywildcats game isn't much of a game. But it feels nice to rub it in Georgia's face.
Who in the hell is J. Cole?
fa sho we can do it like old times…. (30 pack of Natty's) lol
too kind!
You're right! The article and and the test are excellent! Thanks. Relief to know I'm still gritty, just a little fuzzy at the mo!)
Buenos Dias / Good Morning ! :-)
fucking douche! RT : If you have Brett Lawrie on your fantasy team, make a pick up fast. He threw his helmet at an ump.
Libraries and school libraries help somewhat...with book talking.
7 Signs You Should Run Screaming From An SEO Consultant
He who does not trust enough, will not be trusted. ~Lao-tzu
Don't forget 'Chicagoland'. RT : Which is the worst: "Beantown," "The Big Apple" or "La-La Land?"
And 3) The series ended on cliffhanger!! What a fucking waste of time. (This is what happens when I stumble upon random reruns)
Trinity Shamrocks win State Title on St Patricks Day
I know I know...it's disastrous. lol :'D
Just stole 6 boxes of cookies from troop 6547...you think that's low??? You should see our prices! ~ Mattrezzz Guys!
Vegas bound w & my childhood friend (:
is working on Rusty Cooleys Arpeggio Maddness DVD. It is Almost done editing
And baby this just beginning, so get it, let’s don’t stop it, just get it, leggo, go-go, go-go, GO KILL EM!
Hosting a networking event. 250 georgetown univ alums expected. Come to EDEN tonight!
ladies u gotta follow ur boy
CONGRATS you're our 200th follower! DM us with your info and our will personally bring you a shirt and copy of our album!
We want to see everyone's pictures today!
Facebook: *Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking:* "don't care'' "Whore" "Your life sucks" "Song lyrics" "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist."
I blame the hat trick on the dollar dogs last night
I can't have this conversation on Twitter.
Thank you and ! #adwkdc loved having you! Hope to see you again next year!
I forgot how great the Mac OS is compare to Windows. I can do things so much faster!
Nice! I wish I had a beautiful symmetrical skull like yours so I could pull that off.
Your weak mainly because your opinion doesn't hold weight
It's 9:07 and I still haven't been home
um we may have to pick another day.
The 1-8 4-5 Bracket at this moment (no rando, no rose) has to be one of the worst of all time
I don't know if these old ladies are talking about me or
I created a Buy Now button, it defaults to Qty 1. How do I let my buyers change the quanitity and buy more than one?
Nothing will ever beat our game of bananagrams, obvi.... playing Boston on the 8th, so probably not agin for a few months...
now live in Spain, but in summer I live in Los Angeles... in Long Beach :)
I should tweet right when I wake up more often
I know I can dream :/ haha let me know when u out in SA for playoffs
"I'm on this new diet. Well, I don't eat anything; and right before I feel like I'm going to faint, I eat a cube of cheese."
What a weekend
if you love me you'll let me wear a kilt.
Girls tennis: 1 entrant still alive at districts for Canby with doubles team of Ashley Evans/Morgan Meisenheimer playing in Round of 16 now.
Rainy day in Atlanta. Looking forward to some interesting meetings today! ^Carel
About to eat this Church's and Sundae from Checkers.
Thank you Cauldronettes, over $1000 raised for at today's tailgate!
my two fingers got hit with a softball. and hurt really bad. and got hit in a couple other places :p
Nice sign! Love your work!
do you have a link to that, or just the girl saying she didn't know the guy on the forums?
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great - Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
Beautiful day for a womens soccer match. Field looks great! Too bad our american football team is going to ruin it next week...
The quality of an opportunity is often inversely related to the qty of information available.
Me trying on bathing suits. Mom:"Your ass looks flatter than an ironing board." Nice.
Will be in #Brooklyn Sunday, 11/6, 5PM with S.J.Rozan and Stephen O’Connor for “Sundays at Sunny’s Grand Finale”!
>>>MLM News! Life Peak( New Company Listing )
RT " Going out to moon gaze... Super moon I'm ready for you."
GREAT choice!!! That's my personal favorite to play on stage! ;) be sure to Like us on FB!
Wow i think im just going to give up on getting to follow me cus clearly NOTHING is working :((
use your tablet...
I have worked 54 hours this week.
How gonna say he needa talk to me but he not textin me back.
um nice try
Wow #Tupacs essence captured in a hologram....industry #slavery more than just a record contract.
#Davey #Lopes named to #Dodgers staff
My showers keep getting longer and more relaxing...because of lots of #showertweeting and #showertexting! Thanks
YES! "I wish monkies could skype!"
There is a familiar face in the November issue! We will bring some copies over in the morning :)
Hello Sydney you can send it to desirablemag.com/submission
i know.
10 Best Cities for Cheapskates
Breaking triumps over..everything. Peep celebreak.net for more info on it!
Shes amazing!!!RT : Yes Jessica! That's it!!
Schools and offices will be closed Dec. 19-30 for winter break. Classes will resume Monday, Jan. 2. Happy holidays!
Windows 98 2nd ed. was just fine. But today's Internet would not fit. So should machines keep getting bigger?
a friend will calm u down when your angry, but a best friend will skip beside u with a baseball bat singing "someones gonna get it"
All we do is #Scrap in the gym
This is Nathan's sister, Emily, hijacking his twitter so that everyone knows - today is Nathan's Birthday! Show him some love!
So you fancy huh? Oh you fancy huh?
A successful person is 1 who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~ David Brinkley
Have you ever heard “I don’t have time to network”? #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we are open to it.
Listen to our session as we get ready to play 5 shows in the next month.
What are your Friday night plans? Me: Movie, dinner & fireplace w/ my husband...it's supposed to be in the high 30's tonight!!
Hey Justin, hows life man? We should get together some time!
Tom Crean definitely just drove by me on a golf cart with Cody Zeller
At Graduation I wanna walk across stage & grab my diploma say "Fuck you bitchezzzz." Flip everyone off then casually walk off stage.
Votes beginning on Sen. 's amndmnt to expedite #KXL pipeline w/ caveats...including no export of KXL oil.
oh shit! What up Ant? How you been bro? Long time
Lmao superteam...the heat went cold!
Finally caught up with GHOST WRITER; Polanski's visual precision and control of atmosphere is always a joy to behold.
Perfect way to start the morning RT": The Shakespeare Twittuh is on Hamlet. Love it."
Bidding for last (alleged) bottle of "white out" that isn't dried out begins shortly...
Finally caved and downloaded an "allergy alert" app to track pollen counts. Guess this means I can't be I denial abt developing allergies?
haha. Dude.... My exam today.... Ehhhh
haha thanks, you're a pretty good drawer yourself :)
they are giving away $100 to top tweeter. I'm trying to win. Lol
Welcome to Twitter from a long-time Wisconsinite and Ohio native.
How is the host of the bachelor splitting from his wife!?
hm. Wonder what wild life used to live in abandoned field where Tampa Trump Towers was supposed to be?
Just saw a dead baby fox on 16th st...my heart is broken :(
tell him to give up if she doesn't like him he shouldn't torture himself.
Americans are raised to blame the poor for being poor, and to honor the rich for doing what is necessary to be rich and stay that way.
I'm liking the two toned fro on Letterman tonight
Avery Bradley and Rondo compliment each other well. Really solid backcourt combo.
RT : Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters: and...
Tweet frequency? I follow both low-frequency Twitter users and high-frequency ones. Depends on personal style & goals.
MN <3 check out our jams and let us know what cha think home boy! soundcloud.com/iamforyou
Livejournal appears to be down right now. Hopefully it resurrects itself soon.
Putting together RFB for freelance & agency work. Focus: B2B tech & eCom branding. Have any rec's? Send em over! please RT!
Yo the lovely wants to know what's cooking!
i agree but hey they made it and the new album kicks ass for sure
“: Just did my last 6 mile run before the London marathon this sunday. Gonna represent NYC hard!” *clicks like button*
hahaha I was so confused! But then I realized it was in Celsius haha
Social Media 101 - Watch the video and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
I did what they said I wouldn't.
hope you enjoyed the article drew!
I really want cuzzins right now. Who wants to go with me? how bout you ?
If you're not by my side...
Not sure how much of Seal's story I am buying...
I remember criticism when rappers were promoting malt liquor. So why are we ok with them promoting Gentleman Jack?
you love it :p
Someone on my tumblr feed clearly searched for the tag, "cute Asian babies"
wow!!cool!!:))wht position do u in??
Yoooo WTF????....people really breakin windows at the chicken shack ....#sadness....people really need to get a
When I don't show remorse for my sin, I have no reverence for my Savior and what He did on the cross.
Didn't know about recording IEP, District and Specialists lied under oath at due process hearing. ALWAYS record IEP's. Protect your children
So is it true that if you join the CIA you get paid in singles?
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA :))))
I think its about to rain .... :/
Wow!! That just happened! Dream come true. Who can tell me who this guy I'm singing with is? On cloud 9!
Life, Love, and Liberty...
I hate that the one pic makes me look like I have a big gut lmao..
I've used Macs before - hated them. Through and through.
RMFTRMFT #uff ": MY BABY CHRIS BROWN ON DANCING WITH THE STARS <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>”
I should do my homework, but I just need new clothes so brb shopping time
Have you seen their pitching staff?? RT: Hang in there. This is not a sub-.500 team
Gas is stupid. So is any car related expense.
#Huntsman to challenge #Obama in Dem primaries. He'll come second in every primary, claim momentum ("ticket to ride") n then endorse Obama
I still love wiz regardless
Thanks for giving us a try! Keep us posted on how things go :)
Pork rinds, Bottom Dollar and crates full of liquor.
Chillin' at the Inner Harbor with my family on a beautiful Baltimore evening. Tons of people out running, strolling, etc.
We found another black lab named Henery. :) Oracle and the Mountain's bass player talked about him on this weeks podcast.
OBSESSED WITH ( #Frenemies ) :D
The tip of my tongue has been hurting. Worried why -- until I bit it. One mystery solved. But - is there something I don't want to say?
#mahomiesloveaustin!! We love you austin :) <3
Working on cutting a new show with Up late tonight!
lol it's just terrible. I'm so close to being done. This is the only class I'm worried about
Just kissed my wife! Thanks Kiss Cam!
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread. ~Josh Billings
Berman on Bonds jury: Defense will look for free spirits who won't like arguably heavy handed law enforcement tactics.
It was a beautiful day for this afternoon's engagement session!!!
Work work work ... My whole day goes to shit
In true dialogue, both sides are willing to change – Thich Nhat Hanh (via )
Steve Nash to become general manager of Team Canada
: ( CardMunch looks amazing but isn't available for Android yet
Watching a Health/Fitness Lifestyle webinar at work Go!
my head and brain are back. At the moment I am doing so packing, cause I am going to go home for like an hour to see my baby! I have nothing
{POLL} Which news is more exciting: 1) that today is National Taco Day or 2) the iPhone 4S announcement?
should i include in my resume that i'm ricksantwerksum at twitter dot com?
We welcome back Dottie D. to the Oro Valley Neurology Perky Parkie's group.
Would love to be in #Charlotte #NC with my fam changing power structures to be ppl focused!
It's time for me to just accept it and let it go. You were right, do you feel like a man now?
The Supreme Court has ruled that they cannot have a nativity scene in Wash. DC.They couldn't find 3 wise men & a virgin.-Jay Leno
Thanks for the RT!
My social media vacation is over. Thanks for all the new followers while I was taking a break.
Less than a few percent of our total DNA is expressed in our individual bodies. The rest is just a memorial to our entire ancestral tree....
#Actors - Remember to bring your A-game to class. Treat it like a real job. Applying realistic conditions prepares you for the real thing!
you too<U+E414>
RT: #Royals calling up 2B Johnny Giavotella from Class A Omaha. Could it be SO!!!
The hits just keep coming. WithKuric out, I guess both Smiths start, leaving only Ware to spell all three guards. Pray for no foul trouble.
"The doer alone learneth." Friedrich Nietzsche
was bitter cold last night & some rain, sunny now though :)
Guess I'll have to go by myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Ha you beat me to it: RT OH: "Is someone running a bitcoin miner on the media monster?"
the bulls playing super soft
We are closing at 8:00 tonight and closed tomorrow for Christmas. Happy Holidays to all of you, be ye naughty or nice.
Parise doesn't look like he likes that.
may all your dreams come true in new zealand
GAME DAY!
According to #Capcom, Biohazard: Degeneration shipped over 1.6 million home copies and grossed ¥40 million yen ($480K) in two weeks.
sorry you!!!!
S/O to all of my loyal followers;especially those who have been tweeting & R/T about my #Super16Weekend & Music Video Shoot,etc.Thank U! R/T
LOL.......Well and everybody say it AMEN!!!!!!
Oh and shout out to my one and only Derrick Rose. Muah!
On Oct. 1, visit GameStop on Alafaya Trl & play your favorite #Xbox360 games to raise money for your local CMN Hospital !
Washing machine broken. Teaching the kids about the laundry mat today- I will sit back, read a book and watch the kids embrace their future.
Good morning though tweeps :)
Terrific show!! Especially from the front row!!! With
Everyone, what are your favorite blogs to read? Besides , as that's a given :)
- fab job at #RTW12. I still remember talking on phone to u last summer. You wowed me w/ your generosity and sharing then & now.
:) Happy Birthday :)
RT What do startups , & have in common? All 3 will be at #TTO tomorrow night.
Big news from FringeNYC this year... stay tuned!
Rebecca Black is coming out with a new single/video? NO!!!
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home.
Wow... #TheArtist was a GREAT film.
*dials 9-1* RT : Just talked to Evander Holyfield. Says he's still active. Says he wants to fight one of the Klitschko's next.
Oh, I thought Sandi was watching #TheBachelorette too!! (Jk! Jk!) RT : REBOUND IS THE KEY TO THIS GAME!!!!!
lol @ this video. the song is cute lol but the video so funny with the little girl..
I love milk!
Last class of the day finally
Give me a follow if you're a baseball fan. I'll keep you up to date through my tweets and blog entries. (I follow back.) RT
amen Kim! So lame.
Congrats to TEDxABQ speaker, Rachel Preston Prinz, on her recent appointment to the Taos Historic Preservation Commission!
So for the next month I need about... 40 hours in a day to get everything done #byebyelife see you may 12th
Young adults must light a fire and get the vote out like you did 2 years ago. Prove the Party of No wrong and vote during the mid terms!
RT : Stop by and try our Prime Rib Cheddar Melt with Horseradish Mayo for lunch today!
I get very sad when I hear my boss listening to music *I* discovered. Right now it's Turn it off! She's mine!
check my grade on the back of that, I think A-. Did you watch report this morning? Pure gold.
I'm calling my next band The Mike Daisey Situation.
you're totally right! So many people on twitter I wish I could bring to graduation! Y'all have been with me the whole way :)
Im pretty sure the people that live down the street are cocaine dealers.
My #warpedtour2011 lineup:
Crazy right? How are you doing?
Chocolate peanut butter no-bake cookies and 's taco soup recipe - I think and I are in for a delicious Friday night.
Tucson Parents: Will you enroll your kids in swim lessons this summer? If so - where? Parks & Rec? ? Or a private swim school?
Wow chicha off sides??? Don't see that often? LOL
Me: I'm going to eliminate soda. : That will be our ship Lent.
Big fan of New Era's media buy across sports properties today. Great creative and smart planning.
No worries. Pretty sure management would like to know if they have shot at 3 or 4 home games. That 1 game is a lot of $$
That's neat. Where'd you get it?
yessir. How did the event go?!
Got Done With My Frist Scene In The S. Film Kassandra! I can honestly say i'm really starting to love this whole "chessy" acting gig!
Tami do look like she has the devil in her.
Happy Birthday to anyone born this DAY!
Why are there so many people w/English accents in Bridesmaids?
#teamfollowback I have 999 followers... One more? I FOLLOW ALL. ;D
words by carrie mcartor... "ill staple that bitches cooter together"
What does writing a book do for you? Paid therapy; you join a national conversation; opens up ancillary income; makes you kind of cool.
140 characters isn't even close to what I need to say right now.
hope to see everyone this summer<3
MAZ WHERE DID YOU GO IS YOU OKAY
clean clean clean. Wish Mary Poppins was real, our team would totally hire her.
Due to overwhelming site traffic and demand for #Highlighter, we're having to take pl70.net down for 30 minutes to move to a new server.
Start filming soon as "Leo" in "Vampire Roadtrip" for info follow let's make this movie a HUGE icon!
I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life
I will pretend you didnt say that lol
whats wrong logan wanna talk
I fully enjoy speaking raw when people ask,
RT : all Day!!! come by for some drinks & get your Chili Cup tickets for next thurs!!! It's gonna be a MAD HOUSE!!!!!
Yeah, I'd just be worried about me having to be the only driver the whole way (BF doesn't drive).
Kindle or Nook?
Looking for suggestions on who to follow on twitter.
Thanks to the great musicians who support Poised Creation!
Story suggestion: The 1940 US Census data to be release in 10 days. This is a BFD for genealogy research.
ugh fine! -_-
thanks for the love!
thanks steve for the follow. i need to speak re the project i first called u 4. swamped 310 9020346
Drama is currently my status......Dont ask y.
so excited to buy a hot glue gun today! it's the little things in life....
Now it's time for some Paul's Boutique
You're so gay and beautiful
Monday can suck a dick
Finished grading the U.S. exams....93% passed!!
Man , my legs r sore from the bataan death march
i dont wanna go ta work tomorrow
do it. Picked up my dog at 10 years ago,....have never regretted it. Oh...thanks for putting out quality articles too!
Sunday ticket is on ps3\xbox. Twc is a terrible product and rip off. Can u stream Sunday ticket?
I love Ken Cosgrove.
Don't you hate when people say follow me and I will follow back. Then they don't.
thank you(:
Sometimes the thought of marriage really scares me.
That pizza and orange juice taste that's left in your mouth from the mini throwup < #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
can you please follow?(: and what radio station?(: Because i really want to listen!(:
lol she was cyber bullied “: I can't believe deleted her page ...”
I think I'm nocturnal.
Being followed by .. Love it!
Something fun: watching philosophy grad students debate basketball vs. baseball athleticism / worthiness.
Thanks, you guys. That was awesome.
bring on the storms. i love watching them.
Good evening worls how are we?
hey girl!! Since I'm not FBing anymore I needed another vice, LOL
I hope so. The bigger the stakes, he better he does so if you remind him there's a huge audience, he should shine!
nice touch adding the inches
#DASER Comfort "systems biology is now revealing another elegant aspect of biology..."
Always good to leave & always good to come home. Had a great time working in Portland/Vancouver. #
When's mini camp?
Game day. Let's go MAVS!
Lasagna pics from all over the world would actually be a hilarious meme.
Phone call in the morning from <U+E106> >>
we should ask 's ex if he will sign 's petition to lay more pipe
Watching I love her so much!!!
cc #stilltheloveofmylifetho RT : Truth RT : I hate when someone's inconsistent with their texting.
if I were the Knicks the first 2 players I'm looking to sign to fill those needs are Goran Dragic & Lamar Odom
ufc fights were good last night I actually liked the Georges St. Pierre fight I dont care what anyone else says that was a sweet fight.
We're gonna have some dope summer sneak peaks REAL soon for you!
are you going to FireFly? It's pretty stacked. You should give it a look. It's in Delaware so it's close.
Continuing the search for work in San Diego. Please retweet. Thanks.
muncie is good for tonight ;)
Ghost Adventures for the rest of the night :)
yay! Next up, retirement.
So decided half of wed night mlb games didn't deserve highlights. Of course they slight the nl central again.
Living next to a strip of bars is cool until you wanna sleep with your window open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
So you're...a...slutty leprechaun?
goodnight all!
Meh, I forgot people other than me actually wanna gain weight.
I like it! Let me know what I can do to help :)
stupid brother tells me i have to work tomorrow at 5, thanks for the notice!
Yes if its real, then u kno how I feel!!! RT When I'm grinding on u...this beyond sex
!D Should Visit the Philippines THEY HAVE TO SEE THIS PLEASE!!!!!!!!.
Raza, seems like u have found your calling as n attack dog & n apologist 4 P Klepto regime :) kinda like male Marvi.
Try applying lotion AFTER the shower BEFORE fully drying off. This will trap in moisture and help your
Enjoying a totally great new iPhone stand I bought at www.podiumrevolution.com
Must be nice. I'm a Dallas fan, so I'll be glued to the TV tomorrow starting with the Chicago game.
Happy Birthday to my girl Megan! love you! #bestfriends <3
#PCA I so remember when she was on Veronica Mars
Where You From?
getting ready for my interview today! wish a nigga luck!
And the draft of the devotional book is done and done. Hallelujah (ungrumbled)!
I love yuu babe! Yuu mean the world to me I hope yuu have an amazing day! Yuur my everything<3
haha no sticker paper. yet. c:
If you’re 13 & older i suggest follow <U+21E8> for tweets about advice on life, love & relationships that'll make you think! :D
#LTBroadcasts "A federal employment bureau is to be established in each of the 48 states" (4/18/31)
Really have to write a full review on our Task & Support management application available in WordFrame Integra.All our customers R using it!
Good Night, gonna head back into the fridge
You don't tweet too much. :)
THE GOODS: LOCKJAW, TORO, THE GIGGLER &amp; HIGH SCHOOL ...
Just made a huge Sephora purchase!!! you would be proud!! :)
Internet in Lima works better for my phone yet not at all for my laptop. Strange.
I'll DM you my contact info and let's try to chat when you have a chance. is so ready!
U jelly?
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime and you aint a bad chick if you got bad credit
there was a tug-o-war agency and i missed it :( next year!
Happy birthday to u best friend/sister/lovaahh :D
Nice neighbor Mark weed whacked the yard after he saw Ray struggling as they mowed the lawns.
I love dancing!!!! This is why I am here.
Cynical Anthro Professor: "The football coach makes 40 times more than what I make. Failing his athletes in ANP 101 is the only joy I have."
Come to the show at VIP Rockstar Bar, Mark Slaughter is here.
Enough super glue fixes anything! I broke my glasses into a bunch of pieces, but now they are as good as new from 4 or 5 feet away.
Gotta get up at 7. Guess that's the downfall to not having a car..
hate to see all that smoke off toward Tonto Nat'l Forest : ( Can't believe how much made it here 2day from both fires.
twitter official? happy day.
Do you guys have a record/inventory of all the books that you had? Are there copies of the unique materials offsite?
Thank you again to everyone who participated in #indieview today. Stay tuned for our chat next week… same time, same place!
We are about two minutes away from handing out some degrees!
Exhausted from hard week Just worked out
perhaps, it was loud! I'll have to join the DBC one of these days.... LOL
I saw that. If you don't have Showtime, the 1st season of Shameless is on Netflix too. Another winner.
agents available in USA or only Philippines? If also in USA, what is direct number to USA & that only routes to that location?
HAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH i can't believe you saw my toga picture.... creeping on Dom?(; (;
Welcome back from lunch, Campers! :) Let's continue the awesomeness in our afternoon sessions!
- Uh-oh, there goes my morning (and afternoon)...[I'll be over here, dreaming of pizza]
Checking out Allen Toussaint's sound check at Orchestra Hall in Chicago. Nicholas Payton and Roland Guerin are on the gig!
Buying that Kevin Smith customer early, ay?
Thanks! RT : Depends on goals/orgs, but Referrals, Total Visits, Conversions, Search Terms, & Visitor loc good to start
have you ever prayed for somethig your whole life ?
Good job DHS, I am loving the new product list on diabetes health supplies!
Much props to mich st coach Tom Izzo for his words about a fellow coach - Bruce webber - today. That's loyalty!
wa up
Don't feel bad about that. Paper is sometimes superior to an e-tablet. I sold my iPad a while ago for that reason.
Everywhere we go. People wanna know. Who we are. So we tell them. WE ARE BELIEBERS MIGHTY MIGHT BELIEBERS
Super excited for IndyCar this season! Sending positive chi for a great season to the women of
Yes, let's!
Loved potter
Chances are looking good for a rainy ride home, at least toward the end of the ride! WOOT!
Problems call forth our courage and wisdom; indeed, they create our courage and wisdom. ~M. Scott Peck
Allstate Corporation - ALL ~ Dividend Stock Investing For The ...
thanks for the follow! Check out www.wgsn-homebuildlife.com for inspiration and trends for home and interiors!
Let us know what you find out :)
Felicidades on the new addition to the family!! ;)
Happy Mother's Day to the real moms out there! I love you mom!
It's like you're in a J.J. Abrams movie.
hey jun what is your xbox gt tell me in a dm ok when you get this alright please bro
Netflix on ur couch
Those glasses doe
as if the jets aggressively traded for him + paid 2.5M so he can hold a clipboard.Another hater all last year as he succeeded
same here O.o
New Leicester shirts on show
Rest relax and recover!
Nasri - I believe they have not won a trophy for many years now. you should be ashamed to say tht u were apart of tht team you #Bitbeeep!
I'm gonna give up lent for 40 days
don't worry, matt. i'm sure she has more than 1 bearded stalker:). hope to catch up soon!
Being fake doesn't cut it, holding back doesn't make it, and sometimes being best friends isn't worth it.
DC on Halloween is Cancelled due to club closing... We'll b in Richmond on Tues Nov 2nd @ McCormacks Irish Pub
and he strikes out...... Great
I hate that feeling when you really want to talk to someone, but they make no effort into talking to you.
And finals week begins...
Hi Gizmo! I had a Gizmo too, but lost him in November. He was just about 22! I will check out your book!
Should I wear a dress to the last day of school or shorts and a nice top????
S/O to new follower!! :D
Uh. May-zing.
hold my breath when I click now. how about after the 20th for some grub??
ASEAN, China Agree on Guidelines for China Sea Settlement
Love it!
im soo bored..so im listening. haha
Move to South Lake Union!
PM is a great idea!
GaLuWi can offer the following services: Graphic Design, Logo, Art Work, Creative Wall Art Interior Design, Botanical Design, Faith Desig…
no bird bath? No Lions guarding the door? I don't see those wooden blind things either. Cmon its Grilton
Charlotte is in fact called "the buckle of the bible belt".
At the Work My Leg video shoot!!!! Shout out !
Riding solo to River Riot. Stoked to see Incubus. Hit me up if your there!
For sure. Have a break between semesters for next two weeks. Ever go to Sister Louisa's Church on Edgewood?
Everyone here at Evidence Based Apparel is supporting you!
cuz you're gay ? Yea I know lol
@ gayle, this time they blogged prosperity revival
S3 is what did it for me, when the show gets into politics. Ah, I wanna see it again.
you moved there at a good time...are you ready for the snow?
#TooMuchDoubt hey hey! Ho Ho! The death penalty has got to go!!! Save Troy Davis
What up, breakfast tacos.
Back from lunch with the soldiers. Time to get back to work smh
Congratulations and thanks so much for this!
hey nicole i love uu and i cant wait to hear music from yu!
Really? I think it sounds heavenly. And it was delicious. Your not a foodie are you? ;-)
Puppy shopping
Thanks so much Kelly, Have a wonderful weekend, warmest regards
Tip for educators re media: Sometimes leaking to a blogger can be more effective than trad. media.
iGet Mad VERY Easily .
Never let someine like that get you down. . Did saying that make you feel like a big man? Guess what? You aren;t.
tell chris mintz-plasse to follow me please can you do that i will be so happy direct msg him ok please
I got some slick earphones at my cousin's party!!! I wanted the Spongebob Squarepants stereo headphones but they were too many tickets....
I Seriously Feel Like Shit -__-
RIP, Maurice Sendak. Going to get my well-read, beloved childhood copy of Where the Wild Things Are from the shelf & visit that world again.
Avocado smoothie. Ah. I feel like a kid again.
brilliantly done btw..really looking forward to the next episode. hoping to see more is natural on camera.
I am a new writer but have almost finished two books.. what is the first step for publishing?
you ought to mute me if you don't care about live music or jazz.
21 shots for Detroit compared to 4 shots for Chicago... That just isn't right
you goin to your next class and damnn i have lunch here in a bit
Getting pumped!!
Giant Moths, Peeps asking me if I shop at dollar general, and hilarious complaint emails and it's not even 11am.
shared family vaca out here is a must in the next few years... Love it!!
Good morning #twitter world!
I dont see my last tweet. Bobby Perry / Blue Bobby Production / Akila Records
why am i getting chills from the celtic woman commercial?!? i want to make fun, yet i want to dye my hair red and join them on stage
I can't bring myself to listen to tracks 11-15 because I know I'll cry when I listen to A Little Home. Love 1-10 though! Haha
Thank you!!
dear teachers, when you say you will find out if we used the internet to find the answers that is so untrue, because well you're a teacher &
Number game!! DM or tweet numbers to me (:
you damn rite. Lol yes it is sexy.
I feel that feeling Comin
First day of the #NFLDraft is a lot less exciting when your team won't pick til the 3rd round. Lots of time to focus on pick
If I knit you a sweater, Computer, will you stop freezing?
baked cheetos make me weak
anytime and I love ur last name
RT : Totally agree! RT It's my favorite day of the year here at : pajama day.
Just got the latest CJ Cherryh Foreigner book!! Must read! Or should I wait some more?
You're most welcome! :)
Umm, open-mouthed anything (breathing, gum-chewing)...my favorite.
I think Lexington is the new Seattle
what else do you heart?
Researching flights to warmer destinations after a 23 mile run in sleet & hail this morning.
Great job on the season finale of ! Your last scene was gripping. Any chance we'll see you for season 3?
#TheWayITreatMyMan rub his back for him after a long day
Thanks pal! Concats on winning! I like the Chill Pad in Pistachio, or Pumpkin, or Vermillion!
when you smoke grams of good herb man....hah
I CAN'T CALM DOWN RIGHT NOW, #7HOURS soon 6 until BOYFRIEND! OMG OMG OMG I LOVE YOU KIDRAUHL!<3
You look lost follow me ;)
somehow I missed that, but he really is the man! which is why I think he should be your new avi
Hi, Monica: I am a private Mandarin tutor in Seattle. Perhaps, we can chat. Enjoy the good weather! ;)
Oh hey, i'm still here you know.
Baby let's get naked just so we can make sweet love..!
Yup and now I'm tweeting about being alone like a loser :p
Boxing Day observed: We re-box our presents to Upgrade on exchange.
If Manning misses any time, I think Indy drops to
Andy perry is driving with sunglasses on and it's 11. Lesson is to not have your glasses fall into the wrong hands.
The Brew Crew wins again, let's hope the can do the same tonight to clinch that playoff spot!
Team Wisconsin Schiell/Fanning hard at work today, having practice in Rice Lake. Next weekend we'll be in action in LaCrosse!
Not working. I need some
I would love to be walking on a beach right now
wow! go detroit!!! that sounds ah-mazing.
Crisco won marvel and I got 2nd. I dont know who won SFxT though.
Now following! FB!!??
Me too. MUST get it together second half.
#Poetry, Take Me Away!
I was just kidding. I love battling. just not people I like
Why doesn't the location of Trader Joe's show up on <U+203D>
Hey, whatever happened to Underoos? They WERE fun to wear.
Getting ready to head down to the Capitol Club - DJing there with DJ Verse tonight. Come down and have a drink with us!
um, Wade complaining about them celebrating like they wont the title...was the height of hypocracy
What makes #communication complex, difficult and frustrating are the barriers that come in its way
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Emergency court orders can be in a child's best interest when safety is the issue.
RT "Sometimes you've got to step back and learn not to make work the center of your life" So true & challenging for entrepreneurs!
sounds like you haven't been to south-central
Aaaaight well my bad!
k ya shower bye
morning stud
Yeah it was fun having you guys on set but I still wish I could have gotten you into that BDS2 scene...
Just bought a #Babyliss hair dryer and am so excited! The reviews on it were great!
Oh lol. I forget what fucking day it is cuz I never get a day off!! :( but guess what!!
We know "What's Next On The Internet". The concept will revolutionize the world of advertising. Because every advertiser pays nothing. EVER
You know your baby is tired when you walk two miles and he's still awake...its gonna be a long night
heading to the opening ceremony for the national cherry blossom festival in a few hours! so excited!
The anticipation of Arik Armstead's decision is killing me, pick the #ducks already!
haha I knew you'd love them but I had no idea how much!
Sure thing. We're excited to hear s'more.
it it possible that you added an @ sign when you put your info into the plugin?
Ion owe you shit bitch leeeemeeealoooone.... Im goin big....
here's ur late pass sir ('_')_# “: So PEOPLE MAGAZINE voted Beyoncé da MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD"
found him >>>
Thanks for the Earth Day best wishes, you too!
you can my parents are divorced so whilst im here in england you can go live with my mom in san diego;D
Beach when? Saturday?
Bastrop needs pet food, supplies, water, take to Stock Show Barn, behind arena on Chestnut (21/150) E of 95 before 21 & 150 split
It was so satisfying today to tell the 5th graders that no one cares where you get your master's degree.
1 week countdown to second gig 10/27 befitting great cause: saladbars2schools.org Excited to join our Danish friends again!
I don't. No one does.
we'll do a big bash before he leaves
Regular jogging may increase longevity
yea or nay on tipping my mom when she gets back from the bagel store?
Boys be like, "dayumm girl can i get ur #" && she's like, "back thee f*k UP! THIS IS MINE." & she puts her arm around me. Crazy mean & funn!
I can't stop hearing song CALL ME MAYBE!!!!
many bonus points your way
hold me rock me, calm and easy :)
Grocery shopping at the commissary is always an experience.
Thanks for follow- InSpotter
Oops. "I work near N. Station, but can meet near redline wherever if that works for you. I get out of work around 5 most days."
you can go Jamie...I'm Devs back up plan anyway.
It is, in fact completely impossible to find a drummer in Philly.
Was able to make it to the Spring Game yesterday. Thanks for putting out such a great effort for the fans. Excited bout Fall
yeah. He got in as well.
Thank you for your support!!
all three books are really good...definitely worth reading. Good for you for waiting until you finished to see the movie!
How great another round not having to hear Canadian anthem
do you think either team can be the Heat?
Outpost for Contemporary Art features artist Eamon Ore-Giron's designs at T-shirt Revival Night, going on RIGHT NOW. Remake your old Ts
50% off yoga on the MKE site-50% off the Brumder Mansion on the Chi site! Get over to www.crowdclick.com to check out the double MKE offer!
#ThingsIveLearned Righteousness, Peace, Joy!
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Thanks Gary! Have a great weekend! RT
I feel like its getting colder and colder Brrrr
Surrounded by a whole bunch of old ladies <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
in Appleton hosting Career Fair on 8/25 from 3:00 to 5:30. Employers accepting resumes and interviewing for open positions.
: I am interested to hear what the NYC edition of Urban Dictionary has to say :) Congrats on the apt!
At airport waiting to fly to bx at 10 15
Sam Rivers used 2 rehearse his 1st big band in my loft on Bleecker St, just off the Bowery, back in '68. Alias & I were the rhythm section.
Miss my cat.
I love your delicate ways
Victoria Woodhull was the first woman to run for President of the United States. She ran in the 1872 election.
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags..No more building sandbags. Light weight easy to handle deploy from storage to disaster area in minutes
It's going to be a great week here at S&B!!! We hope everyone else does too!
Think your office has what it takes to win flip cup? Then sign up for our New Belgium Office Olympics. Send us email to register
Seconds away from giving away our Foursome... And the winner is...
Well done to you...
yesssssir, goes in
Thanx I appreciate it!!
So freaking annoyed that i can never use my own dang computer cause of kris and tenia
can you help me get followers i am new to twitter? thank you so much
well then your mini concerts suck
no problem! Now just add more channels :)
what up Qua tro
Caffeine withdrawal is in effect
art imitates life?
Um I can't sleep
Does anyone even care about the Kardashian anymore.
You tried to make everybody hate me, but I'm standing here today, This is me leaving, and this is you dying.
Financial Advisor Sales And Prospecting Mindware Tool Financial Advisor Sales And Prospecting Mindware Tool Financial Adviso
i will probably have to buy a few pieces to upgrade current pc with an eye towards xferring them to a new build when i get close
Reminder we are closed tonight for a private party. See you tomorrow night!
Go Texas!
Who would win in a face to face confrontation? Anthony Davis unibrow or Drew Brees birthmark? #ThingsOnlySaidInASportsContext #
I agree, it is time!
to , who has never seen Pride&Prejudice: "Wait, WHO are you? Do you actually have a penis?"
Who's got a great downtown (Austin, TX) 3-bed/2-bath property for lease? Anyone?
With the big shit #rondo talking I'm anxious to see the #BOSvsATL game tonight ...
Promo is 4 da females only"Sexy 4" running till 4/3. Book a(room for 4) and price is $564 all inclusive! Single Ladies can't pass on this!
Think Bynum can keep this up?
RT : This changes everything. MT Santorum: "I'm a spicy chicken guy!" while ordering at an ATL Chick-fil-A.
not quite sure what the problem is you were having. I use iPhone twitter app, reliable as long as network connection is
Seems like if you only took one step closer, we’d be connected forever. Deeply, wholeheartedly, even when we’re miles apart.
Such a sick sweat in the Saints/Bucs game at -8.5. TB shoulda gone for 2 their last TD, and Saints should take the FG here but may not. WTF
everyone hates on his rawness hahahah
I just tried 3 places & they were all closed! It's looking like a pizza night! Not that you ever have to twist my arm for P.I.Z.Z.A.
Finally broke down & subscribed to hulu plus. Why did it take me so long? Now all I need is an 80s robot to serve me bfast in bed.
Where you late?
60hr mandatory overtime week come'n up......Bout to get paid!!!!..
what's better than finding chocolate chip cookies on your doorstep?
You're no savior.
YES! PLEASE, LET'S GO! February = Birfday month. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!
I need to go my ass to bed..lol
hahah true. im gonna go to Canada this year
You got arrested for breaking the law?! No way. That never happens.
Have been rocking the Siva chin strap over spring break
your the man too Jani
check out a site called todaysmeet
To pumped !
!!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS GOING ON !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I'm a total twitter noob. But LOVE the Cuse! I'm making friends! :)
OH:You're suspicious, rabbit.
thanks...did you listen
yes but only until 1
the short and long term answer is the same. REVOLUTION. They own the system, we can't work within that. Change from outside.
Hi girl!
Facebook is depressing. It sucks.
YO! WHAT THE FUCK IS UP?
Spent the morning with an amazing group of kids at Audenreid high. Great things are happening in #Philly schools if you take time to look.
...funds for CLASS are zeroed out in L-HHS bill just passed in S Approps last night. Admin had requested $120 million.
Stop being a dinosaur and get a fucking job!
WAIT. Leap of Faith got nominated for best musical but NOTHING else? Then why was it so good? Nothing was outstanding about it.
learning management system = OS of the course, need to be able to integrate services with it
but the game jitt
yes ma'am!
Patti just bought a pair of - red canvas! With every pair you purchase, TOMS will give a new pair of shoes to a child in need.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile - pay her a compliment.
lol hell yea girl , I want to get my sleeve done up now.
If Montel Harris goes to Pitt or Syracuse can his stats count towards the ACC's all-time rushing list?
I have a new mission on twitter, to get to retweet me. Please bear with me and this will be over asap
thanks, it's been awesome, I can't wait to see what kind of response we get :D how have you been?
just got email from ! Im already writing
#Rewind2011 to november 19 2011 when I met mindless behavior for the first time
Color can actually affect your attitude and mental health. Let us change your colors and give quality service.
You say you a Barbie, bitch you work at Arby's. :)
Did this chik just say she was psychic?? Grandma needs her geritol..lmao..
#DanceAgain is way better without Pitbull.
13 BANDS battle it out!! Starts at Noon in the outdoor stage. Non Stop Barbecue. El Pastor Restaurant. 570 Market St. Ironbound Newark
Are you a personal injury attorney but dont want to spend $5K a month on yellow pages? We can help.
": Go to where you got your badge holder and ask for a sticker. Took me forever, too!" To get tweet badge
Game Time!!!!! Let's get this 'ship.
Oh I keep forgetting how ugly #oomf is -_-
RT : #myfoxboston & did a feature on my blind student that does BJJ! At 10pm
#Niallisbeautiful isn't even insecure, but hey, i still love this trend cause i agree. (;
Just realized that I haven't watched (only radio) a Brewers game since the day before we got beat by Suppan. That is so beyond depressing.
working on the track...B main heading to the push off shoot
I love you too and im doing good bf
I'll be on the weekly KJRH Channel 2 News Show in an hour & 15 minutes. If you have a #legal question, call in & ask me!
today show!
Yes, why would the Anthony family put duct tape on a child that had drowned? To make it look like murder??
thanks! RT seeing Tony & Cleo w/ mom :) Love watching on stage!
- You should start your own soap. We can all learn from it.
we are going to the one in Avon! It's off Rockville and raceway so leave nowish!
Absolutely love talking TV shows w/ "The show's called Dexter, not Dexter And Friends."
Happy Birthday LIL Wayne :)
no i didn't where is't ?
yes it's official - madonna to perform feb 5 during bridgestone super bowl xlvi halftime show on nbc
thanks for the RT!
classes finally over. indy in the morning
Not sure... maybe in the fall? ... Summer schedule is busy with a bunch 'o weddings. :) You guys should come to the CLT!
I don't know I only heard about it this year.
Good luck on your finals, everybody! :D Keep living dreams.
- thanks! Mine is The Academic Support Link. I'm an editor and writer.
it's hosted by a morning show (The Today Show) so they're starting SUPER early
L'esprit d'escalier is a French term of thinking of the right comeback too late. thanks, Encyclopedia Britannic-umm, .. Wikipedia.
Right on!
RT : how much will milwaukee metro score this weekend because of the ncaa tourney? find out tonight @ 5 on 4.
in Long Beach: First Person:Seeing America w Ensemble Galilei & Lily Knight 8PM Sat Carpenter Performing Arts Center, CSULB
ME TOO! Sunshine, Drinks & Friends. Sounds like the best vacay EVER
The best fries I've ever had are at K24 on sSnset ave and Cahuenga. Omg amazing!!
When you refresh your fb too much you remove to the your status from the newsfeed :o lol
Party just ended for my 2 yr old sons birthday. Was fun but glad to have some quiet. Kids are crazy!
ha! Lol I was just about to.. Gotta get up at 6 .. Night!
Yes, we are very proud. Thanks, Mona.
whatever it is, claims she will defend it.
Our sincere condolences to the family & friends of US Rep Donald Payne. A tireless human rights activist worldwide, a trailblazer at home.
It was just a joke about my saying that BC is rancid. She sent me a photo you tweeted. That was it.
Good interview RT : Thanks for having me there. Nice operation you guys have there
Solis Energy is your solution anything from remote power sources, emergency back up power or a bridge for an intermittent power source!
yeah it was sweet and sad, he just needed a friend to talk to, and soccer was our common ground… so powerful.
Hey there, (thehovercam), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Only surround yourself with those who bring you higher. Moments turn to memorys and memorys expire.
That was Schweitzer indulging his secret obsession with tweeting, but I could in fact send you some bacon...
ok las seguire
Wet earwax or dry? :-)
Thanks for the follow!!!
I CANT
possibly inheiriting red couch from mom & dad. any ideas for decorating around it? cc:
Just got totally freaked out watching the new Guillermo del Toro trailer.
yes, I did sign up. Hope to hear from you guys soon!
Final Friday! Tonight! Load of Fun! 5-8PM! Check it out!
Wow! Today is going to be 58°F ---> Great day to get out and experience beautiful #abq weather! =D #bike 3snowshoe
five weeks and counting <3
We are going to see tonight at Palace of Fine Arts. The last time I saw them was a fun time on the lido deck of a ship.
Occupy BikePortland! A big thanks to the advertisers today who helped Occupy (and thanks to JM, too!).
good...when will u be back up for a visit? The girls are going to have to make a road trip this Summer and come visit.
The apartment search continues. dun dun dun... well on Monday... I need rest tomorrow.
Trying would be a good start!
Don't forget to take you're turkey out of the freezer! Don't forget you're touch up and don't forget the base board's. Happy Thanks Giving!
You're welcome!
No Q, but regardless of how NBC shoes drop, you and all of P&R are fantastic. Thank you for a TV classic, and vote Knope!
Horny Jones and the Temple of Doom.
Geez, could Red Fraggle be more into herself?
Big week for my former college baseball coach 2 wins shy of 1,000 wins, he has a chance to get there today and tomorrow.
How are you doing these days?
116 behind home
hey hey
I hate when people tall mess.
Eloy Vargas plays basketball like he is wearing boxing gloves.
The Jordan 4 is almost mean as the Concord
haha oh really? What's my motivation?
Leaving For San Francisco in 8 hours. I'll be there July 8th -12th what are some 'Must See's" while I am there?
Thank you! Back at you. :)
The Science Center has air conditioning. WIN!!
on Katy Perry's #Grammys performance: "Do you think that blackout was planned?"
So, yeah. Just photoshopping 's head onto tuxedos to test 'em out. I'm sure that's not weird at all.
Hope you both can make it out to #AFT!
Headed to first-ever pilates class tonight, any advice? Stretch before?
RT : There is no widespread support for FAM in the galaxy, or Force Added Measures
. Not the MBA that's dangerous, but GOP MBA Presidents historically are anti-regulation.
what a child
Happy Birthday to my friend, Dr. Benjamin Chavis
What wisdom. RT : "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." -Bill Cosby
Hey Guys - Love what you're doin' and listed you in "More Media"
Aw! To be fair, you do work at what I consider to be a highschool for adults.
note Trampled by Turtles, beloved bluegrass band hailing from Mpls/Duluth perform David Letterman tonight!
just had a hawaiian pizza at Cherry Hills. Rocked!
Some artist need to stick with making slow songs.
2 military sons + 2 wives, hubby and I will be there Sunday to watch you WHOOP some Padre bootay! I hope we get good seats!
I love our amazing lawlorff family please follow.
I'm tired of being ugly.
Ah, that explains it.
Wait...the Easter Egg Hunt & Lolla Announcement are at the same time ... in different places ?
Can we make the #MessagesProject trend for #CharityTuesday? Please help us out!
I mean but still it's not right
I've missed so much school from being sick and now my grades are looking horrible lol at my life
Every part of me wants to open #Xenoblade Chronicles, but I've got to finish Rayman Origins first.
Great Quote!
And finally...Dessert: Warm Apple Charlotte- Pecan, Cardamom Mascarpone, Vanilla Cream. Bon Appetit.
RT : They recalled two of our Senators, guess we just recalled 40 of WEAC's staff.
Is Very Beautifull!!
hahaha Twitter is apparently very late on sending my tweets today
and she fed me! I'm gonna get her a card or something.
Fun lunch, career chat, and visit to 101 Photographs for Freedom of the Press with our two spring interns, Meredith & Hilary!
Enjoying a meal at #5StarBurgers in #Taos after a fun day of skiing in
Cleaning windows with my daughter today. I love days like this.
Haven't an idea
New song posted!! "Get Up and Go!" 1st serious rock song with A REAL DRUMMER! Give it up for Jorge Velazquez!
You ain't kidding! Here's to 234 years of national history! RT Life's move pretty fast...
You should do win a day with we sure could use her style tips!
#4, respect me for one thing: I ignore you. Even though I don't like you, I don't tell you off for Your choices. Nor will I rejoice in them
this (hopefully) is the future. A parents responsibility does not begin and end with child support payments.
someone explain to me how the #25 scoring offense has 20 points on the #1 defense?? :::sigh:::
Got change for a $5? #GoJoshua RT An offering and an altar call is the only thing necessary after that.
i'm really over all of the attractive employees at trader joe's.
thanks for the add
What are the most important decision you make as teh leader of your organization?
So fun to be back on the set of "Harry's Law." What an amazing group of talented people!
early 90s R&B soundtrack for IP Range/electronic services audit. oh yeah, it's friday funday....
YoU beautiful : )
I'm becoming a jealous person..I feel it.
reflecting while scheming
Pumped for my Deep South adventure!
hello to you to ;) !!!!!! are you comin to miami any time soon .
Glad I was capable of making someone happy today.
There's no time to waste !
just followed me on Twitter. and I wasn't even following him. well hello cutie;)
Do you have a hard cock for me? I need it badly
EVERYBODY is blindly chasin money no matter tha cost...this is why no one can b trusted
Watching baseball during Casper. If espn3 had existed while I was at Tufts, I would have paid even less attention during my lecture classes.
Just programmed the shit out of UNcensored w/ trax from + more
thanks! I'm pumped.
Ha, that's funny. I watch #Hoarders and then go clean out a closet too.
Be sure to check out the specials, promotions, financing, service and other departments at Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge.
To know that you'll never care hurts me the most
me please <3
My appraisal went well! I will have share some of my results later.
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. I wear a bow or headband with every outfit. :D
Sad day! I've been blocked by :/
I c u playa ... holla at me.
I may be a real bad boy but baby im a real good man
Hope you've got an epi-pen... =)
This is also the first time I've downed 5 slices of Street value of $17.50. Glad I'm not paying.
has done more creative design work in the past week than I have in months. Thanks #dietribes!
When you're trying forever to paraphrase a sentence to put in your research paper... But it's just so well said the first time
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
I'm Going To Know Like On Person , My Ex -.- Lol .
yes it was a good year
You're welcome. You can repay me in frolf lessons.
Hello Didnt you miss me? ;D
Wiener's circle? Not bad, great cheese fries. Just bring a thick skin if you're going late night!
` Nobobdy's Perfect, But Your Perfect For ME (: <3
SD Channel 8 is doing a story at 11 p.m. on City trying to publish my sexual assault victim's name to the public. Shame!
Very cool re: harmonica lessons. I'll have to chk it out!
This twitter spam is out of control
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly "You're a handsome woman"
We need bosh
I know you smiling down at me right now. <U+E41D><U+E403>
You are not a failure! The lessons of life are Pre-requisites for the blessings of life
you did?.-. Oh yeah i have two :o Message the MakeAWishAndSay one c:
Oh Yeah. 7 mile run and 11 mile bike ride. What's your #weekendworkout ?
Time to blast some Brian Jonestown Massacre and pack a bowl
's elbow to James Hardin was one thing, but getting in a fighting stance directly after sealed his fate this year.
You think you're hot shit?
Scott Miller & The Commonwealth, Reconstruction DAY 2: Soothing sounds of For Jack Tymon. May your heart be so pure. Can't quit this record!
thanks for all the love today. especially from the people and it really means a lot!
Good call on the lane violation ....
Nordic Fest – March 23 – April 1 Mammoth Biathlon – March 24 & 25 – Enjoy the fast paced skiing and shooting action of one of the largest …
Mix games are awesome, Just mark everyone as a fish!
taken just for you!
Destination tonight: everywhere they throwin money
"Gettin Em" was a new add as if last night to WOWI-FM Norfolk Va and they played it 3 times already
in June
Pure talent on , right now. And no, I don't mean Lindsay Lohan. Jack White is outstanding. Freaky strange, but outstanding.
Moral of the story dont try to change people they can only change themselves
My charity singing group The Phillhallmonic society just book a gig at the Lincoln Center Library!!!! Bringing Jerry Herman in full effect!
got you
Agreed! Imagine the costumes!
My dance card is completely full for the next 9 days
Introduction to Biochemistry
Al the time
We're heading to an ICVA event in Indianapolis this afternoon to network with other professionals in Indy. Maybe we'll see you there.
Hmm, having issues tonight on here. Will look for better link to go with our last tweet. Swear, there are ghosts here.
Cucumber Spritzer recipe: Mix 1 1/4 oz Pearl Cucumber vodka, 1/2 oz simple syrup, 2 oz soda, & ice. Garnish with cucumber. Ah refreshing!
I feel so sick.
is "filling in the negative space with positively everything"...
He used to be in Eugene, but still not buying it.
Is Florida there
Franchise Tax Board: finished a telephone interview with KFROG in Colton. We're ready to do filing season interviews w/you, too.
We aren't? What are we then?
DOOR'Just finished my first 4-mile 'OUTDOOR' run... And it feels inredible!
True, but we can stop it; how about creating a new currency. No?
Perhaps the better opp would be for you to pitch a piece for our Inkwell dept--what you've learned by successfully epubbing, etc.
would she freak out on you
Spurs coming back on fire! Theyre making 1st half look like a test run!
3 posts down and one more to go! Trying to get ahead before I leave for my trip Tuesday
The first bathing suits consisted of bloomer pants made from wool or flannel, a knee-length dress, wool socks, shoes, & a hat.
Not only is rocking this presentation, she is wearing a sick textured metal ring!
BREAKING: CIA thwarted a plot to destroy a U.S.-bound airliner near the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden.
Welcome to twitter the Broncos QB Club! The official booster club of the team. Follow them at
Why is it so hard to sleep
I like Khols
I guess it's all good. Think I wanna turn my phone off.
Good defense, good offense. Go Buckeyes.
true and we frequently need a reminders. smart phone usage is the most common bad habit, almost everywhere
DOES IT HAVE TO DO WITH LA REID ?!
LOL!! “: I hate all music these days. It's either House music or coon tunes. Lame.”
Me too. Mostly because it's impossible for me to totally give myself over to a movie sitting in my living room.
If you have ever wanted to learn to play the piano or are wanting to revisit the piano, this is for you! Let’s all have fun at Piano Source.
yo what's good this damo the songwriter
I'd die for Bamboo tablet or a Intuos. I need a job
Here at the miller branch library w as a guest of Winard Harpers stomping hard group. I'm up next. Omg they hot as hades. Come on over.
Yeah, I was wondering how CAG and ANC would approach the design elements...
Be Careful What you ask for; it may just Consume you.
Happy Easter to my family and friends on Fb in UK, miss you and Luvs ya x
I'm determined to get to 10k tweets by the end of this month
probably the first time John Keats has ever been featured in a hashtag.
Its over for that 8am!! Might as well plan to be late
You know what I like about you? Nothing.
Healthy Super Bowl Recipes Think you can't keep your New Year's resolution to eat healthy and still enjoy a great Super Bowl party, too?
still a bit bitter about things at work, but as a coworker put it, it needed to be stocked anyhow!
Congrats bro on graduating today !!!!
I gotta headache : / Ugh !
School starts tomorrow. Where did the summer go?
Perfect. Will check it out tomorrow at work!
Omg! I haven't had a chance to pick up ! Can you take a pic with your phone so I can see?!
: Americans want licensed online #poker, so let’s create jobs & revenue by adding this to the transportation bill. Thanks!
Anyone want to sell me some #blackhawks tickets?
Seriously great weekend.
There is no sporting event I despise more than the NFL draft. Totally pointless to watch, and totally pointless to get worked up about.
#1thingicantstand people who say that Selena is a slut and she's ugly, just because she's dating justin doesnt make her slutty or ugly.
For sale bottles of Space Needle Golden Ann. IPA & limited amounts of Hebrew Funky Jewbelation Whiskey Bourbon Barrel age ale.
RT This is a good time to familiarize ourselves with the legal/ judicial process so that we retain realistic expectations.
I rocked that math assessment
*sigh* only for a second. But now I need to find the nearest restroom stall.
lol ok n he gone b der
Oh, sorry! Lol, I wish we were all closer! It's amazing how twitter has connected all of us!
The bad thing about having A's and B's is if you get anything below it your grade drops! #StupidTest! #WantMyShitBack!
Seems like there's two types of homeowners...those who've had a bad experience with a contractor and those who know someone who has...
I believe that if I keep giving to the universe, the universe will give back to me. It's the time in between that tests my patience.
Major moves baby, gotta get with it or get lost...
“: bitch you heard me from victoria your an assssswipeeeee” WTF
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever!
Good luck to all the track & field Vols & Lady Vols competing at SEC's this weekend!
I just saw that, I'm very sad too :(
I love doing laundry!
it is atomic turquise. my roommates color. I love it :)
and momentum!
#GoAvsGo “: #AVS GOAL: RYAN O'REILLY WINS IT WITH 1.2 SECONDS REMAINING IN OVERTIME!”
That's awesome! Keep the jobs coming! Happy Thanksgiving!
Ron Paul was fantastic as usual. Looks like he won the polls as well. His message is just getting more focused each debate.
I sure hope josh goes home....
My girls are going Christmas shopping today and asked me if they needed to take money! #whathaveidonewrong?
In more important news, the orioles won!!!!
ok, you can officially consider yourself a bada$$, haha.
I get to go to Lilly on Tuesday! So excited for this job :)
we came up with a rule in the newsroom. You should try all the flavors, pick your fave and eat one more. So I had five.
Okay! We'll just have to keep an eye on it :) Maybe this time in Miami we'll see the rest of the Jersey Shore crew :P Lmao!
happy it worked out and was a success!
Yeppers! It's time.
Hi - thanks for he follow! #tonedeaf here
LOVE the summer work. Want to hear more. Will indeed catch up! Take care, Max!
You were talking to her but messing with me. Why do you race through my red light?
Finally!!!! Going to see The Avengers tonight!!!!!!
Today starts my write in campaign for Mayor of Milwaukee. My only campaign promise is I will listen to the people.
He moves around like Redd Foxx, post Sandford and Son.
now what she is holding is REAL beer
People will forget what u said. People will forget what u did. But people will never forget the way u made 'em feel
"I could be sending him dimensions on Playmate of the Month." Total comfort food film for me.
My hair is nappy as shit!!
I don't stand against them. Actually I have been trying to get a hold of you to do work together. What THAT gonna take?
come on down and see us! You won't be sorry you did!! :D
Damn its 2:20 I'm gonna be tired in the morning
Tough January to be a Badger fan... BIG drop by Evans...
Sure, you can do whatever you want. Just remember that your actions stretch farther than what you can see...
he does when I'm drunk!
Thanks! “: Brewers are on alternate channel tonight. 685 on Directv and 85 (I believe) on charter”
Is there a possible whistle blower law that might prohibit them from acting on him?
Just got a Swedish massage... Oh my gawd that little Asian angel worked magic with her hands
Why I find you so enticing makes no sense to me
You are going to crush it in May!
its too bad you dont remember me
Going forward this morning work out flow :)
Definetly a pleasure! Were looking forward to collabing too!!!!
When are you guy's gonna be heading through? Work schedule's a bit crazy this week, but would love to kick it! lemme know!
I think I've lost it, I think I'm fucking insane. Congratulations.
"Survive for your life!"
Everyone's a professional #photographer, so who gets to be next round of National Geographic stars
yay! :D im watching eclipse :D
Ack! I take six hours off to concentrate on this project and I miss the only time this month I needed to be on Twitter.
Help! any good ideas on simplifying e-mail?
Baby,lay on the edge of the bed& on ur side. Put ur knees n2 ur chest,breathe,& relax as I slowly put this dick nside. Now brace 4this dick!
#First impressions are lasting #impressions. What's your website say about you?
for chatting :)
that's an awfully loaded metaphor.
Hurray! It's Friday! Don't forget to stop by and get some sweets for the weekend. Cookies 2 for 1, today only!
god u did a great angie thanks i feel much better alot better... I love you soo much
well, it was 40s today (after high 80s all March!). But yes, fall here is divine. Ella will add you to her calendar! ;-)
Damn man I have a headache
Going to read some Psalms and start reading the #Gospel of #Matthew. Watched #Sevin's #Testimony. Now I'm excited to get deep In the #Word<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
arrived at park hotel in Izmir. very nice room, great staff. hope to get out to get a glimpse of the city
and how did he ever solve any cases before he was a #Grimm. Every case involves a different group now.
i wanna be OLLG, why is it so dificult?
thanks for taking the time - great to hear your thoughts as always!
Working to bring you more art, music, shirts, events and overall more awesome in
Thanks! NFF's research results will be in the next one
Hahaha RT : Rumor has it, Syracuse is going to plant a new orange tree in response to the arrival of JJ.
Yes this song is doing something to me!! I love it
"without hope, we have no existence." -- Roman Kent, Holocaust survivor
yeah, I'm thinking changing my name to Juan Pablo has unintentionally brilliant
Keep the music comin love your work! Any advice you would give to a young aspiring musician who dreams of making it big someday?
A lot of misfortune has come our way.... we must over come our tribulations .. thank god for a good day Splurge Gang/Ghost Ent/AnR Dj's
she acting like she a toy like no keep her but don't fucken start. with me dike v fuck there's other ppl BITCH!!
Up early today. Extra VSTI goodness in store!
Thanks Daniella for the re-follow.
I'm on the edge of my couch.
RT : Now is the time. Play a little and be sure and continue your networking, gathering info and pursuing your next interview.
it was like twenty minutes ago. I'll let you know when it's over.
Oooohh, what a great site! Thx for sharing! I just joined. :)
cant wait to hear #MISTLETOE <3
romance language junkie, I guess.
It's never the end, but nearly the beginning of the next chapter... #TheNextAdventure will be even bigger and better!
my gamecocks are looking good! Football may not be our coo de gras, but even you gotta give these guys props!!
Happy Birthday #PrinceHarry!
how many times did it take them to learn the game ?
In need of some iced coffee before my fucking head explodes
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock Men, Don't Marry The Woman That Turns Them On; They Marry The One wont Turn Them Off.
Them cheating ass niggas was pose to win last year and the only way they gon lose is if LeBron come up epicly short in the 4th again
that old ass lady!!! She couldn't even hear. Didn't know what the fuck I was talking about. -_-.
Just saw a commercial & they said: The Lorax is a little ball of fur with a mustache...hmm reminds me of someone ( )
Getting myself right for the summer. U better watch out.
Nice freaking job tonight!
I cannot sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Welcome to Crown Records..#CrownRecordsFamily...DJ Lash and Toro 8 Angeles Recording School
The rhymes from and for these concepts shall be the dopest
Not having my phone means I don't see these as quickly :( #Meanie RT yer dead to me
laurasbelle....just live life to the fullest and who cares what people say, do what makes you happy
Step 1: u toast the bread nd u have to have ur carne (beef) chopped
How leaderships evaluates attitudes and emotions influence behaviors?
IF TWITTERS YOU LIFE.. FOLLOW ME :) <3 XOXO
ah hem... really? I had to hear it from a newsletter!?
Thanks, Trish! Happy Holidays!
congrats to & for charting internationally
Woke up to a fucking nightmare with only 2 hours of sleep... Yeah I'm gonna take my dogs for a walk & get coffee.
I will email you what I have. Hope the wedding plans are going well!
thanks for the follow
Where is the AP alert on the WTC?
Wat tickles your pickle? O.o
I wanna go LOL
ya, i survived freshman year w/o AC haha. and no way! you're in collins? the "hogwarts" of IU lol. is it nice?
Sleep is calling me... But Id rather stay up and watch the Cosby Show. Classic :-)
": "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush." ~Doug Larson #spring" #$LUSH$lUSh
I'll text ya right now love
If it can't be Cerrone-Siver, that's the only other option in my opinion.
It's a beautiful day for the Little Italy Farmers Market.
; return true;
Gotta wake up and make me some
Off to Nashville once again to get back in the studio on Friday!! This is gonna be some WORK y'all!!
Good Morning! Do you ever just look at your spouse sleeping? I do, and I thank God for him. :)
has an AMAZING Voice !! OMG !!!!!
I miss you to Jaida Pinkett ! I hope yours is going well , see you soon !!
Veggie Straws >>>>
I can't believe we passed on DeCastro, would've fit the Browns offense perfectly Instead he goes to the Steelers.....
Yes, I mind that you have a boyfriend. I'm not from California, so monogamy and trust mean something to me.
Congrats #Sounders on a great season. Tough game to end it on, but they exceeded all expectations
Awesome! Let us know what you think!
today has been a no good very bad day. time to sleep && cuddle with boyfran && make tomorrow better.
I signed up for a 5k run for the lupus foundation here in Lexington. I will be running in honor of you! (:
Love the way you think about APIs. Seems to make sense.
She'll be in my story tonight on at 9 and 10.
New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston, Phoenix, Philadelphia, San Antonio, Dallas, San Diego and San Jose... the US top 10 populous cities
KIM! Woo
DM would be better. If u have more than 10, I'll give you my EM address, it's part of a FB page and twitter poll. Thanks!
yes, most definitely. He's a pit bull who enjoys "going to war"!
I saw that! My hopes, they are VERY high.
#IThankGod for the wonderful life I have
"The individual is Cosmic." - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
The Broadway Armory hasn't hopped this hard since the sock-hop era. thank you Edgewater
In all seriousness, it's pretty easy to start resenting tenured professors for a system of privilege they didn't...
My car was over heating. I need a commercial so I can buy a new one:)
#instantturnon a good smelling man.
Was just at Shake Shack crushing a burger. Had some great convo with and . Now it's on to school work. Woop! TGIF.
that they are
Nothing watching JB on Youtube(: Whats up with you??(:
Was hoping a project like this would show up soon. Great use for socket.io lib too.
lol i looked up latigable on google translate (which sucks) but it said 'whipped' hahaha
fresh off the loud. bout to finish some joints
What #Burma Needs Beyond Aung San Suu Kyi: dir., author Jenny Yang on the forgotten Chin refugees:...
I think it means you'll never marry? Good luck, then Is it bad luck if my umbrella opened indoors BY ITSELF FOR NO REASON?
no im 15 my brother once had to ask my 9 year old sister OUR PASSWORD AND NOW I HAVE TO ASK HER thought u knew bout it
OKC is my 2nd favorite team. Since the bulls are out. Im cheering for OKC. And nahh i liked for a little bit.
The only time, ever, my car got jumped was b/c two diff sets of men didn't believe me that the battery was actually kicked.
thanks. We do our best.
WHA?! Wikipedia did not tell me this
girl I woke up this morning feeling like this I hope we not getting sick,lol!!!
you've complied some great lists!
from what i can tell there isn't one
Tank should get me through the day
T-minus 13 minutes
The rain is making it one lazy day!
2 days till Josh Groban concert at Rose Garden! My bday present from hubby. the baby will attend a concert before she is born! :)
WALKERS EVERYWHRE!!!! AH
Can't we ALL just get along. There is NO GAIN in violence or drama!
Good Night . I LOVE YOUU <U+2665> Sweet Dreams Future Husband ;D
My opinion? What gets measured gets better.
Yes indeed the Coyotes move on.
. goes on in just a couple hours. Come hang with us tonight!
It all come down to tonight. I'm not missing this game for the world. Let's f***ing pack The Q and cheer on our Monsters into the playoffs!
why u up so early
Tiger and hoops in the afternoon, Chicago Blackhawks and more hoops tonight. Your weekend is not done, people...
Someone's look for a barn wedding. Who should they contact?
visit and order online at: www.cnotehandbills.com
I'm working on a few things, but taking my time to make sure it's truly the right thing. How are you, Lisa?
is about to rock the airwaves of
If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
The Yankees would make a decrepit Kevin Millwood look superior to Felix Hernandez.
It is of interest to note that while some dolphins are reported to have learned English -- up to fifty words used in correct con
Shoulder popped out while making out with the boyfriend. Ouch and Shit. Icing. And drinking. :(
RT : It is aged in" hard oak casks".I think that could be transformed into a good joke/I'll leave that one up to you!
i was just going to tweet u to ask about it:D
Looking forward to the return of to Staples on Thursday. Should be interesting...
"That's what."-She
Email one of our officers or contact us via SM if you plan on attending the State Competition! We need to know
I hate Layovers, but I love traveling.
fuck yea but its fun over here x)
mind = blown
Yeah, I'm taking the 750F on Wed...but apparently only because you're not. Thanks again. Or as they say on twitter, thx
Watched #parksandrec live for the first time since 2010. I forgot how fun it is to read hashtags DURING the show.
If you been fucked more times than you had a hot meal,
thanks! Checking "A New Set of Rules" on Amazon.
If you watch Mean Girls backwards, it’s about a girl who gets so unpopular she has to move to Africa.
“: Know who you're dealing with; do not offend the wrong person.” True indeed
hell yeah that mac & cheese be BANGIN! Yall coming here this summer?
Stomach just growled so loud someone asked me of I heard that fart
Did you Peter Pan putt putt is byob. And the guy gave us a discount for showing up on our bikes!
where have you been? :(
Worst dealer ever #wsop38. He said he just got the job after coming out to Vegas to grind this summer but he ran bad and went bust lol
OMG AUSTIN ASKED WHERE HIS NEXT CONCERT SHOULD BE AND SANTIAGO CHILE IS ON THERE I VOTED THAT FOR YOU GUYS!!!!<33
uh you left your dress in my car. Thought I should let you know in case you have prom soon or something
I have never tried Hummus RT : Hummus is so stinkin good on everything
: aw erika i love you so much baby guurl <3 ur my best friend! :)
Well... it's going to be one of THOSE games, eh?
The message at youth group tonight was awesome. Now headed to catch the last half of the Arlington/Bartlett soccer game!
#MomentsICanNeverForget Lining up all night for the Today Show to see Justin and being surrounded by thousands of Beliebers <U+2665>
Wow the public reaction on Twitter to this interview is not good.
Live My Life<3
aww - and I was just hoping it was 'cuz you're lazy like me! :)
damn here come the fucking thinkings and everything else with it
Oh, I said a lb...guess that's why we are so big in TX!
Think of something you’ve always wanted to do. Now make a plan with all the little steps that get you there. Do it by next 4th of July.
Here we go, just today, tomorrow and Wednesday to work!
that sucks:/
Following me now I see ;)
why isnt t-money in the pic?!
Can't wait to go to Georgia this year :))) too excited!
Kate Winslet is just one step away from receiving her EGOT!
spotted this week: "throws" for "throes" on a mag's blog, "palette" instead of "palate" on bev mktg matls.
*Ladies* here's a tip of advice.. If you got a man.. gag on his shit sometimes guarantee you would be a happy camper in the long run lol :)
cool, I'll text ya
Go go gadget energy!
what are you up to these days?
Thank God my landlord is a season ticket holder... Shocker fans come second to none!!
If you're going to text me, make it interesting.
?Where you from, boy?
hello! Nice username. Haha
Hey, stfu. I LOVE HANNAH MONTANA! <3
The 1st Session of the Bronner Business Institute 15 week Business plan classes.
nothing much....wishing u would follow me ;) the usual....what about u? :)
Thanks for the RT Brad!
Home. Tired. Wow.
If you or your organization is interested in sponsoring food for our August 18th meeting, let us know! Email us at .
thanks for the quick & clear response!
It's the same way running our library page on Facebook. Every…little…thing: unnecessary obstacles!
The blood is horrible ...
#MyWorldTourMemory Lol, none, I couldn't go to the concert //:
Now, an in-depth look at several common web interactions: Mobile to the Future w/ Luke Wroblewski (), author of Mobile First!
Cool - good luck!
thanks, we think we'll keep her :-)
nice to have a president with a sense of humor rather than one who's a buffoon, isn't it? <g>
lol we r. Our minds r dirty
lmao! i miss you! i havent seen anyone in a while! im alive i swear!!
legends bro :)
you know you're headed for "poor" when you ask: "can we get pizza tonight?" and the response is something like "that'll put us in debt"
sadly no. :(. Was on hold for a commercial tonight. Didn't want to risk it.
Subway sleeping bags, human kites...
Welp nailed it! The Answer was indeed an Apple!
!!congrats her tell !awesome so is that
Did anyone else when skip bay(clue)less asked Stephen Smith, "What does Tebow have to do" being he's a guy not sold on Rodgers!
the weekend and drake are playing at the hollywood cemetery why the hell arent we there?
Belgrade and Belgrave are both, in fact, pretty deep. Also Mr. Belvedere.
Well if ur so worried about the things i do, say, why dont u come over here and live it for me. You wouldnt handle the failure
ha you're the ultimate hype
Novak FG no good. Still maintaining at 31-19.
Way to go Fowler. Not only did your lazy attempt at a one-handed catch on routine fly cost the #Rockies two runs, but it got Moyer yanked.
Forever is too long
Two places I called for takeout told me they are out of BBQ Sauce. WTF! We're in Texas!!!
also, my NoHo Diner mission has been accomplished - the waitress knew what i was gonna order before i said it! SO MUCH HAPPINESS
what is your favorite Beastie Boys song?
RT : Just cant cut ties can ya RT Heading to Madison to see Horlick reclaim it's state title
DONT LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT.. SOUNDS AWFUL
No bull, She was my nigga man! :(
Progression is a beautiful thing...
RT : Everyone loves the Milano Inn!
SEA members, save the date: next biennial conference will be Feb 28-Mar 2, 2013, in Savannah
Oh my what are the Bison going to do with a free Saturday. It feels so strange not having a game to go to.
just saying. Re original tweet, no one is illegal.
I can't believe Beyonce had a baby. Miracles like child birth rarely happen.
you look kinda ETHNIC in your DEFault PIC !! LOL
Is anyone #teachingEnglishAbroad without a university degree? If so, where, and what has your experience been?
Ah, Opening Day!
He just stood in the middle of the road like he expected us to pay him a toll! Mom was on other side of fence and NOT happy.
Off to Burbank for today's shoot!!!
Seriously Ryan Braun?! Say it ain't so.
Final main mission on grand theft auto 4 then beating side missions all day with my little brother haha
on learning the book doesn't come out until next year: "Man, what are you going to put in my stocking??"
RT is the bomb!!
In the calm cool of a sheltering summer rain, life's wounds are forgotten, and each one of our hopes & dreams seems possible.
Yes, are you and up for the challenge or just for cheering squad?
RT | : "Social makes much of what used to be invisible, visible" | agree; w/b ksf for measuring flow
ya I know I want 2 :)
After 7, has your tix to and #WarpedTour Listen.
#WhenItComes2Twitter im a little to addicted
Man this shit is crazy WTF a bunch of rich fuckers fighting come on get the deal done
#Forbes magazine named #Cleveland the 8th most miserable sports city in America. #Seattle came in at
s/o congrats on tm103 another album i can play thru
Dear Non-info pro friends, this week will be all about Xtreme Reference I will resume tweeting about what I had for lunch next week
Do you know how many Facebook friends I have? I'm in trouble.
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be in jail... Wait, what?
thanks for being on KSR today and congrats on your new show
tempted to stay up all night downloading and listening to new music...
Great clarification. cc
Hey! Ppl follow me I need help auto follow bck
yup!!!! :D it's at the field behind the football field at the Ryan school!
I've had a chip on my shoulder 'bout Smash since that dude *attempted* to sing some Donny Hathaway. :shudders:
What was your favorite ad last night? Don't say those damn polar bears!
FFL MARCH BOOK SALE! ALL DAY TODAY! BOOKS FROM $1! BEST SELLERS, PAPERBACKS AND AMAZING DEALS! BRING THE WHOLE FAMILY
RT Mixing stuff better than I've ever seen him RT If there is an award for biggest turnaround, Randy Wolf.
That's one of my all-time favorite breakfast items!
She's just the sweetest most cuddliest bitch.
-_- This bitch needs to delete her twitter & fall in under a mower RT : I did that for you Brett! Lol
M, farmer's market.
Anybody tryin to ball?
If the ICONic Boyz had their own cereal what would it be called? ~Ashley
Man I've missed twitter ..
One day your running away from her and talking shit about her the next day you are clinged to her just don't understand
I did not.
Try Fail Learn Win---take risks/don't complain.
Our history is nothing more then what the losers setyle for! So look alive and dont forget ITS NOT OVER YET!
I'm really craving subway right now!
how much to join? It sounds fun.
Off to The Cinefamily for a screening of SPIRITED AWAY. I love seeing the Ghibli films on the big screen.
- absolutely! And I will look into it when we've caught our breath. I'm so proud of our Tiger Girl!
I'm outta control, you outta control.......this whole damn party is outta control lol
Just met Mr. Zhang Yesui, Chinese Ambassador to the U.S. -- how cool!
King ranch chicken casserole x2; homemade brownies & all the ingredients to make waffles (I take a waffle to work for breakfast every day)
Thanks for the #FF woof!! :-)
Not sure about the posters just yet, but the T Shirt is still available if that's interesting?
I am...NOW
Think i'm gonna start gymnastics again. I miss it.<3
<3 thanks! that's very kind of you.
Please do!!
2011.10.09 #Brewers #postseason | Blazing hot sun / rally towel makes fine headgear / section 440
used the word "skylark" in a response... Immediate cosign, lmao.
Get out of my brain.
Don't you just love Gaudi?
Well, it wasn't raining when I started my run...
laila, thats a STRONG song.. if you sing that song i has to be PERFECT no mess ups, hahah js(:
#2112 Rush Tom Sawyer just played at game
I WANNA BE NOTICED BY YOU<3 :(
What an amazing weekend ahead of us at tkgmusicgroup! on Friday and Choir Sing Along Saturday! Whoa!
is watching & take New York...
Thanks! No, didn't go thru the UK, just straight to Brussels. Hope to visit the UK soon. I love Scotland :)
Thanks for following! :)
I have seen the weirdest things today!
- I usually blame the "To Zanarkand" theme.
- Happy Birthday cupcake! ;) XoXoXo
I swear it wasn't about you! I cross my heart I will even send you a picture of who it is about..it's just not you.
This is probably the worst news I could ever hear. I love you mom<3 I hope you're okay.
people fucking piss me off i swear i wouldn't mind killing certain cunts.
I have no idea what to get my mom for Mother's Day.
Remember the loveliness of the pollen is not depicted.
Kanye West attends the Rodarte Fall 2011 fashion show during Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week at a Private Studio in New York City.
i get my report card today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Hand carved walking sticks, inlaid and etched with the verse of your choice -- what a perfect Father's Day gift -- order yours from Quinten!
To love is to understand that though a person is not perfect, they are perfect for you.
These days, WTF just doesn't say enough LOL
good morning world ... lets get it dreamers...JUST WASNT MY TIME
This love >
Fiona Apple sold out and I never made it past the server error page! Aargh! 90s teenager me just died inside.
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize that is going to have a amazing year<3
can't wait to see u Azu!
America Fuck Yeah!
People that give New Jersey a hard time have never been to West Virginia
who told you I had a problem with gays?
I'm watching it
tell her my booty says hello! :P
all about it tomorrow!
Crazy how I'm gonna be a sophomore next year
I'm going to the Netherlands this summer with the UW iSchool Dutch Designs study abroad program! Wahoo!
We are awesome! Pleanty of Bronco talk to come!
I hate being sick.. in need of soup, tea, & meds
My eyes hurt real bad!
loved the webinar.. very great! you got a guy a truly cool dude to show up, very awesome.
I'm truly bored. Jus not feelin work, or anything else...
Need Mother's Day plans? The PGH Zoo & PPG Aquarium Mother's Day Celebration! Starting at 11am, all moms get in free accompanied by a...
": One if you mafakas wana buy me some titties?"you kno I got you boo
On the field or in interviews? RT #Brewers fans would be wise to lower the expectations for Nyjer Morgan this upcoming season.
speaking the truth about the #GOP gridlock on transportation.
Is it boot Friday? It's pants-free Friday here in the Boston office! j/k
Stuck in traffic. Get outa here!
Gmar Hatima Tova... may all my fellow #Jews have an easy fast.
A reminder that all large grant proposal drafts are due August 15.
Therapists should have fully stocked bars for their patients.
man with the golden gun
my goal is to donate my hair to LOCKS OF LOVE in June... excited!
Oh that's very sad news :-(
#iftwitterdoesntexist I'd create it
my gf started a blog for her children's outreach programming, but she doesn't want anyone to know about it. ???
Ready to see whoop some ass tonight... Let's go cats!
MY Dude!! I miss you!!
nope. Heading in at 4:30 to watch #Caps at work
Percocet is a wonder drug, and surgery went great.
Wait, is Scott Baio really dead?
#DonnaSummer You will always be THE Queen of Disco and your songs continue to #inspire us to #dance. May you rest in peace.
following u brother
Today I mentioned your cat-sitting infographic to my Tech Comm students and they all loved it!
I wish Austin would tweet me or follow me:/ </3
Saw a guy pick up a penny and start skipping after. Signs of the economy
The St. Louis Cardinals show there is always hope. Always. Never ever give up.
All this talk on twitter about Gold Rush is getting me excited for the season premier! #thinkgolditsfriday!
Miami Coral Park dikes are the worsts.
What's the score on the #Lakers & #Thunder tweeps? How much time left? What quarter? #HelpABrotherOut lol
Just about dying from laughing at the video we made at 's house one time. Good times :p
Ain't never seen it. I have an allergic reaction to Tom Cruise that I won't risk exacerbating.
my roommate and her bf have been playing it nonstop from what i can tell haha
i have together him to follow me.
Looking forward to presenting social media basics & recommendations for a local business association. Maybe one of the bakeries will host!
Yelling fuck in front of my parents and seeing my dads face>>>>>>>
Its the mark of buddah !
Stop in and let us know You found us on Twitter!! :)
I have heard it 9 billion times. But yeeeeeaaah! LOL
Get Rich or Die Trying has been on tv a lot lately.
Welcome Parents and Family! Hope you all enjoyed seeing DK! Your students are great!
That's right...time traveling this weekend.
It's snowing! Woohoo!
Did you two have a good relationship?
I LOVE YOU AND NEVER WANT TO LEAVE
love the urban garden idea, great opportunity to honor vets further via outdoor sculpture as well...
Treating sister 2 some steak in a bit. Woo.
Yes, June for sure!
Benefits Of Coupons
Classic N*Sync time....I want you back.....OH YES!!!!
Congratulations to Irvington Green Initiative for winning a Neighbor Power! award today for the Irvington Skill Share.
not so sure #gcbt & #ghns my motto
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
WHOA. #Badgers RT : I have been told former Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is poised to come to UW for 2012.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Beware the Status Quo, my son! The jaws that clench, the claws that catch! Beware the HoHum bird, and shun the complacent Draugr.
did they even spell greatest wrong?
A: it's healthy to get perspective from other successful executives
Meal was very good. Impressed with the crisp veggies in the salad and flavor of the pasta. Again, Again!
Oh PLEASE talk about the swine flu... just can't enough of that...
F is for friends who do stuff together
ok I gotcha
Should've went to that party.
Thank you all for hosting #futrchat! Looking forward to more.
HAPPY BDAY!!!!! Best wishes!!!! Hope u have an awesome day!!!!
Yes it is.
Come on HOGS lets beat bama!
Leverkusen: u wont give yourself a chance sitting in and 'hoping' to somehow score 3 goals. start pressing and taking chances
i know it's way overdue, but i think i need to make my new website :)
When #squatting be sure to remain in control at all times. Don't bounce at the bottom. Push from your heels, head up, butt out.
I have a crank in my neck. Is that an excuse for me to be cranky? #cornyjoke My bad attitude is due to lack of sleep and too many finals. :(
Moving the day after graduation.
#fridayreads Zazen by I can get behind a book that references a character as Big Old Cheese Eater When She's Not Around.
In a room with the top CLOs in the country listening to a proposal for std learning KPIs and analytics defs. Is this a good idea?
DON'T BE INSECURE, IF YOU'RE HEART IS PURE. YOU'RE STILL GOOD TO ME IF YOU'RE A BAD KID BABY :]
The best yogurt when you blend your fruits & veggies is Greek or plain- because there is no sugar added; Check the labels for under 9 grams!
Since love is what we human beings inherently seek, long for, hope to find, want to have, wish to share. Then why don't we love more?
the mean girl ish...I'm looking for a good fight party (hint: one with food)
You just keep on killing it.
RT : Jumping for joy is good exercise. Author Unknown
didnt know jesus number 2 had it in her
you brought that top spin 4??
I just hope that I'm forgiven for caring bout how they living...
YES! “: Glad to announce I accepted the Marketing and Social Media Coordinator position with ! :) #pr #marketing #career”
Stayed after school for 3hours with my math teacher.
Repost this if blah blah blah, fuk that!
Wow! Can't wait for this fest. Thx for including as a performer!
Tupac is still the best to ever do it!
Technology is like fish. The longer it stays on the shelf, the less desirable it becomes. ~ Andrew Heller, IBM
sounds good. You move to NYC? Running it in SF?
We are still in the same place - only now we have the entire building instead of just half!
I'm still trying to figure that out too
My poor baby
Keep on keepin' on Sammy!
"When I wiped the tears from my eyes The warm water took me by surprise And I woke up beside the ocean I realized I must be in California"
I want to go to a pirates game so bad.. Who's taking me!
Oh my, this is intense. I have no idea what to do right now!
“: Work flow #TeamNordstrom (:”>> bout to come get me a discount lls !! Didn't know u worked there !!
haha you dumb!
Thank you!
What type of noodle is your most favorite noodle?
trying to get to follow you or tweet you is like trying to shave your mustache.......wait....what?LOL
I'm in NC. I need help too!
The only playlist of mine bigger than Sublime..... Beastieboys.
regretting doing anything last night.
great communication IMHO you spoke courageously and brilliantly in the video- congrats. I had Already put something in
I been good, gearing up radio for my first single. Any #Grammy parties?
In a session about "Evaluating the Practical Applications of Eye-Tracking in Museums"
gotta love these people and follow
Join Lebron James, Chris Paul, Kevin Hart, & bday boy Floyd Mayweather at The Ballroom Orlando Saturday Feb 25
Nothing makes for a better day than buying a new toy then going out for some Culvers.
I gots the sniffles so rest and doggy snuffles all day Sunday. Today was tour loose ends. Tomorrow? Trash TV!
Dude, are you coming to school.? We have to work in partners in math...
Looking forward to coming home tomorrow. Been a long couple weeks, and really hoping a few exciting things pan out in the next few weeks
Enter the Matrix
I love these!!!!!! See you in a few days!
Now paging
Congratulations to Angela Mujica Mackey, winner of a Mumoocie memory foam pillow!
yes omg
You're welcome; thank you for the #FF!!
OMG!! GRRRRR I did!
this nigga doing to much observing in the back seat
Good call. I was thinking whole foods too, but that's certainly closer!
Thanks, Em! Loves you!
So excited to take Sydney to a pre-release screening of Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows Part 2" tomorrow!
<U+FFFD>Engage in activities to develop new company messaging and themes that will serve as a platform for a sustained campaign.<U+FFFD>
I'm still pretty motivated, but my motivation is making rank and finishing school. Idc to be a war hero or anything.
Great south suburban event last night. Thank you Ballantrae, Flossmoor, Hazel Crest, South Holland, Matteson, 34th Ward, .... Your Commish!
Thanks right back at cha! RT : S/O to new friend ! Good ppl!
you should seriously go download 's music it's ALL FREE!! so why not?? plus its great <3
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
pens suck balls.
its ok I guess jus dont b wanting to go tho lol
#4famouswords TO INFINITY AND BEYOND
thanks. It's 2-1/2 mins long all on the defensive side of the ball.
I said the LOnghorns have a rich history of players in the NFL. Not all them are ultra successful
I am sensitive to people with disabilities and the fact that using "retarded" as a pejorative needs to end.
whyy are you soo damn handsome?(;
Download Opera Mobile Emulator 11 | Cobasanasini
Hold on to this lead!
Watch out for a new Blue Light Session tomorrow feat. the Young Rapids!
My favorite is "Always do everything you ask of those you command." My dad is a vet; I enjoy history. #honortheveterans!
Mullah 's mom got a college education.
At the dr.'s office!!
Dear , is it illegal to maim an inlaw? is it? really? Grrrrrr.
This substitute is so weird!
If anyone of you is on Facebook, please friend me - I do other things there! Ron Nash (facebook)
Saw that "vampire" credit the other day and my immediate thought was "Are they bringing Blade to the Avengers?"
Metadata is a process Why not welcome (& collaborate w/& learn from!)"non-professional" archivists into that process?
Why's that?
Tonight swag wednesdays inside the mirage club! Big mind TV, dj 151 and doing it big tonight...arrive early!
got my Droid. thanks
i feel so bad about what happened to you my heart goes out to you you'r such a sweet girl.
Have fun
With no run game the Bears lose 13 games per year; Berry already missed all of last season; Brady IS Mr. Bundchen LOL
Today better go by fast
hope to see you there.
Haha love ur posts <3 can't wait to see what u put up next :-)
loving the new macbook air.. but no docking station from apple?! and i was this close turning into a fanboy.
Photo shoot with today'
Surprisingly that helped, thank you = )
30-year jumbo was unchanged at 5.070 percent -- inflating the jumbo-conforming spread to 89 basis points
Your so whipped i loue it! ;)
yea at practice, aren't you going?
HOLDING YO TONGUE WILL GET YOU FARTHER THAN U THINK
Like today I honestly felt like just getting drunk... And saying fml... But I didn't... So I'm proud... Baby steps
Happy Thanksgiving!
OPERA BARBIE
My stomach is protesting violently from the Brewers win last night against the Diamondbacks. Great game.
CAST N E STONE
nice bike haha
Something about running fast just makes me believe this is going to be an exciting Indy 500...
and who says im hopping to the other team lol They have a good team hope they do good.OKC or the heat well i want okc to win
It loves you too ;P
I think just working in software certifies you to use "desi" but yes, I'm also mango powered 8) cc
Is #Louisville really going to pull this win off?
iPhone UI annoyance: having to close all SMS alerts you got during a phone call before you can End Call
I haven't seen you in years!!
follow me please I bet you won't :(
Without question, the greatest invention in the history
Horrible day. I just want to go to sleep.
ESPN bringing in Chef Emeril after the break? Good morning, Kaity.
I like remark that perhaps some ideas were better written well and briefly and not necessarily written to completion. This is some
I did lol it just came out yesterday and it got 17000 views so im not the only one
Thanks for mention --- Love ur new pic. She is a cutie!
Thank you for supporting school reconstruction & investments in ed! Also co-chair of House Children's Caucus.
fashion condemns us to many follies; the greatest is to make ourselves its slave - napoleon bonaparte
Henry MillerNot the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
haha well you've got a week or two to figure it out :)
If you order a shirt online, what extras would you want in the package? Tons of ideas now, just need to add possibilities to the list :)
Fun for the kids! Tomorrow in yukon, free trout fishing at the lake, prizes and fishing tips. 9am-12 noon
Tired currently. Definitely don't gotten it all together.
so great to see you! Sorry I was lame and didn't make it out last night! New York soon! Have a safe trip home.
part of my funnybone just died inside. :(
It always makes me happy to be playing a game and have that moment, wait a minute, it's Col. Tigh! (Michael Hogan).
ha! Exactly
It's the blind leading the blind or in this case the stupid leading the idiotic and I can't stand it!
It's easier to fake happiness then to explain why you're sad.
MALC chairman Trey Martinez Fischer on redistricting challenges: "This is our leave no minority voters behind act."
I'm getting ate tf up by bugs -_-
"guise n0 if you wanna win you gotta do a classic. So-and-so won three years ago with an 80's song. No Kurt you may not."
Even time needs #time to catch up with itself.
Wow. It's December already. I'd tackle my resolutions for 2011 if I could remember what they were.
Had yogurt & a grilled chicken wrap for lunch. That covers the healthy, so now I can get Hard Times chili nachos at the ballpark for dinner.
i think i need one of those shock collars that buzzes me whenever i go on facebook instead of working.
Burgstahler: "Universal design...seeks to make it possible for everyone to participate in an inclusive setting where no one is singled out."
From EA... Nice page!
Thanks for the shout out, Travis!
RT : Would not want to be Ward right now.
The main people who talk shit about folks are the ones that have more problems than a math test..
oh yeah, I saw there stand when we went for the Red hot Chili peppers. They were closed though.
I Always Wanted To Ask What Your Background Was.?
#PrayForClaire She's not gonna make it much longer....
Loved american idol .! (: STEFANO AND LAUREN!! <3
that she was drugged by those around her as a murder in an attempt to make money. I'm gonna post a full thing tomo.
WHERE U FROM :))
GODORT happy hour info has been posted to the blog, wiki, conference schedule, ALA wiki, govdoc-l and godort list. Any other suggestions?
#TenFactsAboutMe 7) if your gonna annoy me, don't talk to me
Forget it ill just move to Africa.
San Fran folk... Recommendations for an amazing dinner venue? Have a meeting planned in a few weeks.
Phoenix Suns GM Steve Kerr at 8:45!
yep, it'da be a great job w/my degree im gettin. or the court house in carroll co. is other option.
This week I can't help but think, Steve Jobs would have been one hell of a President.
since I was a kid, grandfather lived there when I was born, he always liked them, and was a Braves fan also. Seahawks too.
Meryl Streep's brilliant, but does most decorated=best? What abt Cicely Tyson, Anna May Wong? We'll never know true extent of their talent
I'd rather go live with my dad's side and move to Spain. I miss my cousins there.
That article isn't as complete as I remember; if you can find something more comprehensive it'd make great background for the game.
I feel awful & just want to be in bed.
girl:who do you like? boy:it is a secret girl:you can tell me boy:ok it starts with a y and ends with u
Really?? Wow. I'm P.P. all the way. I think BOTH our picks will be in the finale.
such torture.. I never know which side to choose!
I decided that was the library name back when I was teaching that Max class at #Brandeis. I'm only finally now posting stuff
Nelson Cruz's family is sitting behind me and my dad tonight at the game. Look like some pretty cool people they are proud of their Nelson!!
Savings Tip - Clean/replace AC filters monthly; cleaning or replacing dirty air filters can save 5% of the energy used to run the AC system
Z to lose + Z to fear = X to gain, where X is everything and Z is nothing. Y wait?
A5: To be a leader you must be visible.
nothing niga nothing
why dont u like to let your man take care of u
My grandfather is 88 years young today! Happy Birthday Gramps!
I LOVE this! Very CSI ;-)
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you prefer…horror or romance?
who says leave all the fun to #ff? #socialsaturday - for #author #history #bookreviews and #warof1812 information, follow !
Edie said she saw Braden outside yesterday and he told her they were going to Woody's house...lol
Diamond Developers delivers first commercial project in Arjan - WAM - Emirates News Agency
Today's "nugget of awesomeness": This cigarette is stale, I think I'll roll a freshman.
lets get rowdy tonight than lol
afternoon stranger!! Go24!!
Lol who the fuck gave RobERt the password to this account?!?! -Damien Wolfe
You too! Wishing you #MuchSuccess!
Coming soon: and I listen to and live tweet LEN's classic album "Can't Stop the Bum Rush"
Ah... finishing a big project: such a joy! I love the feeling of being giddy with exhaustion. :)
ugh i was totally gonna go but I have to work now. have fun fellow foodie.
Anyone else headed to the game this afternoon? We'll be in the lawn enjoying Reese's first baseball game
we're in a bromance!!
If you speak about it, you should be about it not just preach about it all day
Wow! Great Pic :)
ciao David! Warning: they are addictive ;)
RT "It's a "how many scrotums were in my mouth?" kinda morning." - I counted 6 if you include the tea bagging
Am I begging or choosing? Decisions decisions....
YES!!! my best friend!!
Got rid of Jerry Angelo. Good start, Bears. Let's be smart and not hire from within…or let the Bears brass do the hiring at all.
#RUwriting Talked about Henry IV w/ the esteemed co-author- how lines of succession are much easier to handle in fantasy.
Currently working my way through #HIMYM, is #Madmen on Netflix? I'll have to give it a whirl.
This day needs to pick up the pace a little bit. Feels like I've been here forever.
Went from laughing with Shannon, to us both breaking down in tears :'((( Ugh.
#il2011 is the muck up?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+263A> hehehe we're god!
Research methods have changed but librarians are still needed!
I know u !!lol
Enjoy this on #HCG. Mash 5-6 strawberries until juicy. Mix juice of a lemon, berries, stevia, plain carbonated water over ice. Enjoy!
My phone is still broken guys. Stop texting me.
"You know what they say, baby steps and Vicodin." - Mom's friend giving me advice on handling change. : Have any?
welp, I'm a little tired. ready for this day to be over.
It just about my life)))
¦ Hooray we made it!
If followed or noticed me my life would be made<33 #DreaminBig #DedicatedFan <333
A good life should be equal parts triumph and humiliation.
Dance Your Ass Off! Peeps. on tonite!
i know u can break dat wit ease
thank you very much
your welcome ;)
Yes! Finally just went 25 mph on the interstate
with the Cardinals starring in "I can do bad all by myself"
Dude..... RT : Lakers have the players to win the series. They won't tho
PA warned many times. Maybe show, on screen, an offender getting tossed? RT Fans, we cannot throw rats during the game.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
the meet and greet was $150 but that wasn't when i met her and omg thats crazy how you live in hawaii you're so lucky! lol
Just got dog-cussed by a door-to-door salesman for declining home delivery of the
I voted for you!
: Bisexuals more easily "out" online than off?
Definitely! Looking forward to it!
When we are no longer able to change a situation... We are challenged to change ourselves.
Beethoven play turing out well.
We'll see you there!
J Squared Entertainment is now J Squared Entertainment Group
Thank you for tweeting the article.
You'd be surprised how many people sneak diss...smh
Remember,there's no dawn w/o a night,there's no victory w/o a fight,there's no rainbow without the rain,there's no happiness without pain.
WELL HOW ELSE AM I SUPPOSE TO LOVE THEM. THEY KEEP RUNNIG AWAY FROM ME.
Thank you thank you!!!
Wants to read a good book on creativity and creative processes. Any suggestions?
Thanks, let me know how working out goes. $50?? Where did you get them?
hello there!
Giving a #copyright talk today at the Univ of Minnesota.
1CC-IN`SIDER | OPEN SUBSCRIBE DIRECTORY SCIENCE ...
Jeff Boulay - Director of Interactive Design from Neoscape talking about jQuery mobile.
I feels you ! Like them boots I put on lmao :D
Melodic chorus, fast verse, breakdowns, or all of the above...Since when is promoting new music, "spamming"
nvm :-( my husband said no im sorry
I go to Target to buy two things, came back with about 10 things.
Hahaha, it was definitely a mom and two small kids, but that doesn't make it any less weird.
oh my god! Me and my were laughing about that yesterday. Its her favorite part! Best movie ever! Your THE MAN Pee Wee!!!
Wonderful! Can't wait to have you all with us :)
Danielle is behind me
Very few stoppages. They are letting the Fire and Sounders FC play. 0-0 at the 28 min mark.
MC just told me she lied during last nights interview & waited til I was washing dishes to do it. Completely changes the story.
Time for some animation magic, ready go!!!
Me and get so mad at each other and cuse each other out over but it's hilarious cause were still so close :)
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE? Your business or your boss? Take control of your life!! www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
Commonwealth Academy basketball seasons over. Congratulations Girls, Middle School Boys, & High School Boys. Excellent effort by all 3 teams
Today is one of our members 21st birthday, Forrest Miller. Come to Swiggs at 8 for a fun celebration!
A true boyfriend,
Don't you just "love" the people who have blurry pics to either hide their identity or make them look better(hot but ugly)
Wow I want you back just came k. My shuffle I can't wait for senior year and to have all you abroad fucks back!!!
Wrong answer
pleasure to have you following me...
dreamt someone said fleet foxes' lyrics were better than modest mouse's and was FURIOUS. WUT DOES DIZ MEAN?
today in blues history: Nov 15, 1968, Johnnie Taylor receives 1st Gold Record for "Who's Making Love?"
P.E.M.D.A.S = please .excuse .my .dope ass. swagg
It's raining :(
#asian neighbors are bumpin' some show tunes
RT Moment of silence for all those children lost during a blowjob......u stupid fam lol its alot of kids missn then lol
just sent you invite Alex. Happy New Years...
We should be growing together. Not growing apart.
How are you this amaizng day?
TBS was amazing last night, they really know how to put on one he'll of a show...they made my night a million times better <3
Ya but they're famous, and they went to schools .... so they must be edu experts
A writer writes. Keep writing. Write the great American novel, rewrite it to near perfection, send it out, then do it all over again..
Classic Slice Bay View will be closing at 9pm for it's staff holiday party.
Seeing just how dangerous F1 was and how much time it took for them to fix it is mental
I am so engaged with that I don't have time to tweet.
ever been to grass valley? This place is bumpin. #Libya #forwhoforwhat?
Public transportation (especially the bus) is the best for hilarious people watching.
Auction off the ring for charity?
Why do the majority react to life's challenges instead of being prepared?
Thanks for following us back!
Lots of stats: #Twitter users send 175 million tweets/day. Users follow < 10 brands. Only 65% read brand tweets.
They have one app that puts on creepy demonic like eyes and the photos of them actually disturb me...brrrr :)
the ABC news website is crap. all i want are election results from super tuesday but i've spent 15 min on that thing & can't find them!!
Can u speak english when I tweet u?
welcome to chattanooga
hiya Jason! I was wondering what is your current song at the moment?
Carl Weathers bud light commercial, greatest Raider ever um!!!
Maybe you could redirect her. Doesn't Levi's condo need decorating?
I wish you made your Confirmation with me ! That would have been a night to remember <3 <3
There are great sources of protien other than just meat! Try beans, nuts, seeds, peas, tofu, and soy!
oh youre very welcome :)
Going to at the Civic Center tonight? Dine with us beforehand or afterward!
Oh yes!! Keep blowing your nose into the grass and spitting. THAT'S HOT!!
...and we know lots of other MKE arts groups do what they can to foster youth creativity in & out of school, too:
Yup. It's all about experimentation now. Thinking of ways to mash sharing tools. #SeeSaw is next.
our site is getting cooler everyday :) thanks to all the awesome bands that are joining !
I Wanna send out my condolences to the whole Laker Nation!!! LA u better tighten up!!!
He was not truly in need of the colt, for many times He had gone about all of Galilee and Judea on foot.
Back in 2003, #Patriots took another safety type from Illinois in second round, Eugene Wilson. They just got Tavon Wilson here.
Full house on a rainy day, so cozy.
very interesting. Sent this over to our content dept for review, maybe we'll do a write up.
FUCK WIT A NIGGA LIKE CUP, FULL OF LIQUOR!!
I'm sowwwwry! :P Well I was put off by school custard so I haven't eaten it anywhere else but I heard ambrosia is good! :L
insomnia is rough...
Feeling sick is no bueno... OJ, immune boosting tea + soup. Any helpful remedies that I'm missing?
Good ol' Cube!
Cool, I'll keep an eye out. I recommend the game to anyone who'll listen.
I can feel the epic, waiting to be dropped.
followback! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:*
Well that was a normal wednesday blackout..
This is True. Steven has said we can not travel without him..
yes!!! I will go with you
No mistakes were made wen u woke up this morning..
Need badges for the real world. I believe I have just mastered scrambled eggs.
That is some creative managing by Roenicke. And by creative I mean bad.
I need a volunteer to come watch Netflix and cuddle with me for the rest of the day. Okay? Okay.
Dear guys, don't ever tell a girl to chill or relax. Sincerely, we will hit you.
Same here, please. MT : Any #Latinos in favor of #SB1070 and similar laws? Message me, please.
Welcome Francisco!
/ Good luck with the summit. I wish I was there instead of Louisville.
Like you can trust us ;)
jump to conclusions...
I love my relationship with my bed. No commitment needed. We just sleep together. EVERYNIGHT.
Thanks! You guys were great! Fullerton was awesome!
yes that was a spam attack sorry for any inconvenience
I just wanna say hello !
hey based on the few suggestions you gave me I had incredble changes to my social networking last week. thank you
kool I just emailed ya
Glad you like the PSA.
And 16 tds...for the other team RT : Wow. Donovan McNabb is on pace for 624 passing yards. For the season.
thanks for the heads up! Our building maintenance fixed us up yesterday, but I'll keep you in mind for next time.
Is adding orange juice to your morning vodka considered a healthier lifestyle??
At my campground in New Hampshire.
MILWAUKEE-MISSING DOG: Salvador/chug pup/beige/blk face/Last seen 27th/Forest Home noon today/blue jacket/green collar. 414-719-5891 THANKS!
17 gm win streak & 18 gm win streak will play tomorrow in Knoxville! Come see some #WCWS caliber softball
What doesn't kill you makes you wish it did.
i have the eatsmart precision scale. Not too expensive, easy to use.
Thanks so much for sharing our summer festival guide!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
aw that's cute, I miss herr to <3
Hi guys!! Made it for another fun design chat.
What, no selling? No call to action? Just a singular personal voice? I love it!!!
how are you?
!!!! RT A black girl's worst nightmare, weighing less than 120......we like our curves.
Welcome to - can't wait to have your team at the Transactional LawMeet!
can u put ths track n for me. already hav the braid. i kno ths is ghetto lol
dope,I'm digging the opening track, ill have to chk yall out more . Again appreciate the follow.
It's Gucci
Working on News4; watching #Caps fan #Rangers fan
Ernie’s law, if you park in a handicap spot without being handicap a officer mimicking Jerry Lewis appears and busts your windows.
Hi, Im Mr Right. Someone said you were looking for me.
headline grabbing but no depth! Would love to know what a pre and post round meal would be!
#nakedatdennys with and
s/o to the BEST Left Handed Hooper in the country
nice photos, like your blog a lot, thanks for featuring us!
I have a bunchh of pictures from this freshman year I used to take for yearbook soo im gonna send them to the historians :o
Maybe tall is a state of mind....
It's a nice day for a dog walk in the SWedge. Lucky was stopping to sniff everything :-)
I'll go anywhere with you
follow for opening dates I will be looking for staff
Got a new washer today. Never thought I'd be so excited to do laundry!
What time does it say that game at BC is? 3pm?
Hey NYers, how'd you spend this beautiful glimpse of spring today? Outdoor yoga anyone?
Hey Ladies.. You aren't a "Single Mother" if your Kids Father is doing his part.. You're just "Single with Kids" :)
Nah you going to be on this team lol ..!!
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. ~ Fred Allen
Screencasting is terrific tool live jing #nercomp11 visual great for students
NBD, Its a Ghost Baby
reports close enough to proof that Seau sent txts to 3 children +exwife yesterday
I hate the lakers except Jordan hill :)
Obviously I'm not gonna date you..
$299 CREDIT REPAIR! this week only..remove all negative items..see results in 30days or money back..call 786-412-6159. free credit report!
Brandon Leslie on tweeter what a surprise
just got done with yayas hair...Matt wrote me
we were walking in the city one day and I was like isn't that the girl from shake it up. So I asked her and she was like yea
Shell station down the street from #TireTech in #Cologne: $7.39/gal. for diesel, $7.92/gal. for regular. riding the S-bahn!
hacks back on... energy drinks entering blood stream
“ "Even if the titties are out you must talk to them." - Cabbie on Bourbon St” I expect some twitpics
I hate half the weak ass wack ass people in San Antonio...seriously. That's why I'm Lowkey. Fuck all y'all <U+270C>
“: Crazy to see the #Raiders drop mad cash on Routt & let Asomugha walk” and then he walks a year later and we b fucked...
Also, I'm a bitch.
This man sittin next to me is diggin waaaaaaaayyy up his nose w/ no shame. Hes focused! I wonder if he can see me tryna get a pic of him? Ha
can u at least tweet some funny shit, i kno ur real inside.
Oh, dear. Why do you think that?
“: Life is too short to hold grudges” AMEN <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> lol
Me, too. My wife + my boss were both like, "What if he was armed?", but they'd have done the same.
Its a shame when someone assumes that im mean. Lol... Find out
seriously this is the pic you chose..haha
happy birthday! :]
#FF If you're interested in healthcare, health IT, etc, you should follow my intelligent and insightful colleague
Gotta work again tonight but chillin by the bube tube for a bit - Big Bang Theory reruns - when I settle in to work, will turn to #sfgiants!
#YouWasSexyUntil u went around #AmberCole ing it....
Ran for second day in a row. should be proud :)
Notre Dame moving on. Sad way for Hayes to finish her career, some poor decisions in crunch time, ND stepped up and won it
ur so lucky i love GSP
Looking forward to a big meal followed by THE BIG MEAL at !
Nice. Toga is currently hiding from a bird on the front steps. He fears the animal kingdome. :)
Happy National Volunteer's Week! LOVES our volunteers!! Thank you for helping save children in your local community!
Sitting outside drinking coffee and smoking a cigarette.
Heading to Blackbird w/ in the hour to see peeps and enjoy some Free Bloody Mary and Sloppy Joe. Ugh...
# I'm personally in Pittsburgh, But i travel for large events in NY and jersey, Philly, Miami . We have 5 offices babe.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Just wait... RT : :) I logged back in and it seems better. One's first entry into needs a little work.
School is a waist of time. My first two periods I have literally nothing to do.
We are driving around the campus of while we wait for my brothers & mom 2 meet us for lunch! Excited for both!
I want sime real fried chicken <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>. Not kfc or popeyes!
I love you too mommy . :D
Shout out to and <U+E32A><U+E32D> "I need to go change my toilet paper..."
Just started watching again after a few years...love u!! You are smokin, HOT and Hilarious...
I just saw a picture of a room full of overweight cops how did they get hired who are they chasing ????
thats the reason why I hate elevator...
so much for the bucs getting trent richardson.
It's that time again!
So hungry
When life gives you lemons, make ORANGES!!!
Keynote speaker is also an Instructional Designer :-) ( )
yes. It looks like there's a couple. I'd check out the one near Covent Garden
Great defense in the first half. Good effort so far vs. a good Chicago team.
The 3 C's of Life: Choices, Chances, Changes. You must make a Choice to take a Chance or your life will never Change.
I really appreciate your insights and perspectives. Looking forward to reading your book! Need advanced copy readers?
Now baby don't be shy, you better cross the line. ;p
Ok, Second City...where's a hip spot for a new Chicago guy to get his hair chopped and styled?
Congrats to our own Willie Carter ( ) Signed to the Washington Redskins.
I follow OPT (other people's tweets)
Man why does this lady ask me the same damn questions every time!
Just met with this AMAZING painter who is going to donate some of his work to be in our show!! Great news!!
"Now thanks be to God, who always causes us to triumph in Christ."~2 Corinthians 2:14
I got to see 's in person last night -- they look good!
It's a Taking Back Sunday kind of night
All this talk about the kids caught drinking at their prom in Dixon reminds me of a 90210 episode.
youre welcome my man
One of these days I'm gonna punch someone with a smart phone in the mirror.
Confit Veal Heart Chawanmushi in the works for tonight
Historic buffs and those looking to get a feel for the fateful voyage of the Titanic with the newly available Titanic app
Looks like alot of the people I know are headed to the Broadway Bar, maybe you should too.
Hey everyone! Check out my new photography website... If you are lookN for a photographer let me know! www.definingmomentsbysm.com. Enjoy!
smart man! Must be a guy thing :)
I want a bigger one like my vanilla one lol
I just shot my first SAG-AFTRA spot for Bank of America. It was so much fun.
I have a strong hatred for country music.
Oh please! Honesty goes a long way; it doesn't make a person seem like a "player"
I'm Cold & I Can't Sleep ;0
But WOW, he was AMAZING the way he did it!! #BryceOverload RT Bryce Harper grounded out to P in 1st career MLB at bat.
You aint pullin fire arms, you wouldn't even pull a fire alarm, retire / disarm, you strung out like wire or yarn
we love you Justin :')
Have you been drinking son? You don't look old enough to me, I'm sorry officer, Is there a certain age you're supposed to be?
Isn't it a gift when someone else's lyrics express exactly what you're going thru? That's when you sing that song at the top of your lungs!
#imagine Niall is sleeping and you attack him with a pillow Niall: AHH! you: morning babe *kisses him*
insider tip, , you pregame at nellie's before finishing the night at town.
My professor said I could use glitter on my poster project. Will I be doing this? Oh yes.
Follow me and I will definetly follow bak
Happy #FF to some fabulous partners:
welcome back!
safety would be Burnett, McMillan, Lavine and M.D. Jennings
If you are home in LA right now you should be watching be on drugs on the Price Is Right
Court sucks.
IM SO PROUD OF YOU <3 #MahonetoLA #ProudMahomie please come to chile (:
We are State General Contractors and Roofing Contractors 305-232-3344
“: My limousine driver is trying to small talk me. #firstworldpain” taxi for the poorer people
yep how u?
Why didn't I arrange to take tomorrow off? So many blogs. So little time.
I was waiting for comments on that. I figured it would be you or .
I'll pick up dog shew shew, get bit... how many people can say I picked up UK head coach's dog poo, or been bit, ha
Death and life are in the power of the tongue... Proverbs 18:21
progressive and proud of it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Study. Study.
Amazing, good work! RT : No problem. Have a good weekend - mine started great, just got a client hit in !
Oh snap. Let me get a ticket for the stress boat.
Don't forget Del Rio & Singletary too!
Totally called it. 70% of the crowd cleared out after Catacombz. We love you too, Riverwest!
well you can't be shy forever lol, but we smoke almost everyday so u can join 1 day your not shy lol
The Amazing Race comes on tonight! I haven't watched it any this season so I have yet to find a favorite team.(:
Hi, Michelle! I'm Alice.
nice helmets Oregon has!!!(:
Roenicke's ability to make pitching decisions is right on par with Ned Yost's.
I like how I should be studying for my ap test Friday but I have no motivation so instead I just waste time on my phone
Click Click BOOM RT I MEET MY HAIR QUOTA TODAY HAIR BUSINESS IS BOOMING...:-)
its been a year since u took my 10&8 yr old boys 2 c #believe,best show we ever seen c u soon!
And what they say don’t even matter They don’t know what I know about ya I don’t want no one but you <3
half way there...by the time this video is up its going to be royce bday..so i guess its good timing...haha
Feel #gorgeous and #confident (even more than you already are!) at #FitBeachBody Workout in t-minus 30!
Larry Michael is really cool!
earthquake in TN?
Omg The Chew is giving me diabetes just watching all those Delicious Cakes.
Ask ya Nigga 'Bout me !
Loved the new iCarly episode tonight
I totally use 's version of "Oh No!" in everyday situations. Haha
Thank you for posting our article about #cancer. It's time to eradicate this terrible disease!
did I just see you at MIAD?
COME TO CG
Cam we cuddle? RT : all jokes aside who is bringin me sum damn soup???? lol
Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there! Especially mine. Love you so much mom!!!
well, getting paul to sing "golden slumbers" was a good idea.
ok...if and still wanna go maybe we can go there and we'll carpool?
i got my region 2 Blu for 11 bucks on eBay.
I guess it could be worse. They could be playing Slayer or something of the sort.
Did you buy those pants on sale? cause at my place they're 100% off.
I found all of them.
The strange thing is.. I feel really at home in NYC.
I love getting home at night and spending a couple hrs with the twins. I also love it when they go to sleep. Is that wrong?
Here we go off to hold some auditions !!! Bass and drums !!! We're excited !!!
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people. Which one are you?
Having the hiccups sucks -.- ):
#20factsaboutme 12. I love country, hip hop, pop, and disco music
how is that place is that good eatin?
well duh you go to iupui with the jags and what nots...i'm not an ignoramus!
Thank you. Back to shop life love it!!!!
All this talk of sugar lips from The Studio Naturale and the new menu has us thinking of lunch and dessert early today.
Saturday in the chi has begun, bull and bear stat
it's true!
Text alternatives for decorative images are empty. Another alternative is to put image in the CSS.
you a fool.
My daughter Kelsey's 4th grade class is studying the food pyramid. Now if we can get the kids AND PARENTS to follow it.
Watching a simulation of the birth of a galaxy cluster!
Yes, I also got that note when viewing a theatre review... oh the one about Lookinglass. Which sounds awful.
Bologna is actually an emulsified BEEF sausage. But it still looks like a sex toy. If I made it at home I'd probably use chuck
Satan's sack of fear seeds- He carries them around trying relentlessly to plant them in us... Continued next tweet
Is it safe to say that Chris Bosh is the Heats MVP? Haha
n u claim your a "true" friend.... wow
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Get Out With Them "FUCK ME PUMPS ON" You Better Be On 1 Lol
That's also what I'm thinking. Especially given the change in the DOJ's position on all these circuit court cases.
throwin 100s 100s yo bitch bad i want it want it tell her put that pussy on me run it run it goin in sideways bitch im jackin all day 380
Looking for #affiliates for #empowering #women. Affiliate agreements or businesses who want to become a merchant on
#911 memory: Knew an English cpl, Max & Honey, when I lived N Leyton UK. Honey LOVED NYC & #RockyHorrorPictureShow. Hope u'r OK wherever U R
Aren't ALL problems man-made. w/exceptn of natrl disasters. Maybe those too? Erthqkes in Ohio? Fracking.
yessa thank the lord!
Directions and instructions are there for a reason. :)
the one this june been sold out...so I wnt b there
¤ We have fear confused power with greatness. Stewart L. Udall
Congrats to DaddyO's Berkshire Stars South Coast NH Millers + Greenfield Ma NEasters for our 1st Adult Tourney
I'll admit, I enjoy reading the comments on online news articles. But why did I decide to venture into the Fox News comments? Dear God.
going to sleep in a little bit
"Sun is domestic. Unlike oil and natural gas, Sun #energy does not need to be imported, and helps to reduce our oil dependence."
Yet again he tweeted enquire into precedents
My fuckin stomach hurts from that nasty as subway
#ImHappyWhen I SEE MY INNER CIRCLE..
Never say good-bye because good-bye means going away, and going away means forgetting.~ Peter Pan
Yes! AND may the Lord also, likewise, prosper you and yours in 2011. My wife & I were just thinking of you the other day :)
Happy Holidays from PMBT.
amazing wine and cheeses! Had a wonderful evening thanks to kent :)
yep, I'm going to hang out for part of this one, and then I'm going to see an old coworker's future 15 at the hyatt at 6. You?
opened the door & left it open, went down the stairs, turned on the light in the living room, & I was laughing & talking to
Will you be in Chicago? btw, been told I should get in touch with you re: health/medical librarianship. Will email you soon.
oh damn that's a great one!
Omg! Marissa, my BFF, has tickets to see #Lady Antebellum this FALL!
add me. What's your name on there?
Cherry Red chariot, excess is just my character.
lol no ma'am I gots sum else to do this morning.
I'd call that a job well done good sir.
yes I got it!! So excited!!
Tring to get into the HEBbut its so packed.
Thanks! First ever twitter birthday greeting for me.
Nice to meet you.
I don't care what anyone says, Bruce Wayne can kick Tony Stark's ass anyday.
this is a duel at miller park today.
That was awesome RT : And that, friends, is how you kickoff a new #ChiLive season. Tune in Sat at 11pm (AM 720)
Somewhere in the multiverse, an agency has grown large and remained good. It's a pollyanna sentiment, I know.
When people ask me if I'm working hard or hardly working, I like to stab them with a pen and ask if they're hurting hard or hardly hurting.
You'd think The Miracle Worker would be a silent film...
very nice website.
omg! i love that movie <U+2665> but they don't have it on netflix -.-
um... i want to lick your face off... then your body.. and yeah...
This was for you. I think I forgot to tag you. Haha. RE: baby girl. --> RT : Stop it. Those sparkly eyes!!
Share We Are Defiance with your friends!
Life is full of happiness but very many disappointments <3
Ready to go to the zoo!! Wanna see caged animals- not the ones running around my house!!! Lol
Politician: "If there were more women in the Secret Service they wouldn't be hiring prostitutes." WHAT?! ;)
Another week on the short bus for you! RT : Handicap for another week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hi!!! What's up? PS It's Monday
Listening to Odd Future on blast at my mother's pastor's house.
I really have the best man ever. Writing my paper while #Will makes me a healthy dinner.
lmao I'll be sure to tell He said he's down.
i got diagnosed with diabetes. type II. ugh. that sucks, but i got meds now.. seen 2 different doctors, about 20 blood tests
hey! Seeing your posts about homes. That one for $3k+ would be $1100 here lol. So crazy...
Brought my lil cousin to the Katy Perry concert! She's a California Girl!!
I think I know which one won hahaha
man I hella slept good!
cooking breakfast and im texting #!
Bring yo ass on. As a matter of fact..
I just listened to the first 30 seconds of boyfriend...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Only down 8pts
watched #SoulSurfer with my family and we were blessed by your courage and testimony...God Bless!
dont do it!!! U spent alot of time making those!!!!
Glad I kept my Colorado boots in Jersey.
For every 1 degree higher on the thermostat, you save money and help the planet!
Hope all is well w/ you Jackson! :) No shopping the last two days ... he's no longer in the dog house! :) xo
For everyone who is all #yolo the strokes did it first and better
I'm shocked that given all the proof showing the gop has an issue with women you' re still defending them and blaming obama..
Starting to get hungry.. I should try to sleep now. G'night tweeps~
a little stressed for everything tomorrow holds, but extremely excited at the same time :)
Will do. I'm going through the tutorial now.
If u don't kno by now I say what the Gil I feel. Fuk u if u don't agree or like it. I'm not mad I just don't give afuk lol.
“: If They Don't Appreciate You They Don't Deserve You”
Ask them! it's really that simple! if you begin to chat/text/email can ask for more pics
Thats the Bosh I love not that stick ass toothpick looking nigga
hi there saw your quote you posted.. Are you a book reader ??
Just as the taste of water can't be explained that's the same way I can't explain to you why I love you…
member when i almost got taken advantage at adans and you didnt believe me............
New pic! What you think?
While you are busy populating the world with babies and getting married (in that order), I will be working on having a career
in the cinema watching
BUS-TED. But seriously. Read some. I've cried from laughing.
I'm just testing the waters...
she's on the swings
haha! I turned the volume up to full blast almost.
YES! should definitely be Jackies handle. -k
I hear you on that one!
I totally saw your stuff at the checkout and almost grabbed! Will definitely try next time !
That is encouraging to hear. Thanks. I think about it a lot. Trying to get out there again to spend some time..
Was it just me or was WMYB a bit different!!!! still loved it though
Got five pages of my memory book done today. can't wait to do more tomorrow. Thanks Kristin:) Dinner was nummy.
Dooling: "Rondo is THE smartest player in our league." Credited his leadership in the huddle the last 5 min. as the key.
We have a User's Group schedule! Mark your calendars for August 10-12 and watch for the schedule to be posted tomorrow!
Wow. Holy S set. Go #phish !! Shafty closer would wash down this ncb brew quite well. U notice I don.t say what kind of beer? Its a mystery.
I might be able to help
Grrr #Gmail you are miss-sorting my email! An article edit in press is not an "Advert". If this is Google semantic web, we are in trouble.
what??? girls bathrooms are a big, nasty mess...I don't believe it...
a little late to celebrate, but I just realized my jury duty month of NOV is over, and I never had to serve.
Brrr! I need a McCafe to warm me up on this cold day.
omgosh i jus almost killed Chris!!!! ):
Great meal at in Vancouver. Totally worth the drive up from Portland. Wish it was closer!
RT The way to silence the inner voice of doubt is to cross the starting line- this is going in my office, thanks !
I call Bullshit! The men were better.
"Truth is generally the best vindication against slander." From the book "Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speechs" by Gordon Leidner
My biggest question now is, what about Mr. Bates????
it's amazing no one in national media considers how tough the plane crash news was on that team in Ames.
Is this an April Fools? RT : Happy Sunday to all my Twitter followers. Retweet me right now and I'll follow you back.
“: ": See you tomorrow GIMME HUGZ" and back rubz!” and treats!
Oomf had a really good point lol idk if I look like a criminal or a dummy that'll fall for it all but people always coming at me with licks
I've had senioritis for two years. CANNOT wait to graduate...
omg ima link you to something.....
that's awkward...
TEI induced headache, blah
just rewatched our #CallMeMaybe video. Let's make a new one #toolittletoolate maybe??
Bron was not looking for his shot. They playing hot potatoe
no woman should ever be homeless...hellloo be a stripper. being naked and ballin is way better than being clothed and stinky,poor,and hungry
Listening to Eyes on the Future show on 1180 WHAM about how entrepreneurs pick their all star teams.
what's your plan to avoid upper lip sweat and pit stains tonight?
Please stand up & put one of those fingers on each hand up & be proud to be outta your mind & outta control.
Thanks for putting it face out!!!! Can you do that everywhere you go? Peace--JK
Never stop chasing your dreams! It's the one part of life that you can actually compare to a fairy tale
Omg one more week!!! Paper will be done & then 2 finals! I'll be happy
Thanks so much for the follow. I'm following too! Looking forward to your tweets. :)
yeah an tell the ladies if they have seen bumps on ther toes don't wear sandals, its not a good look
Thanks for the inspiration. Right back at you - have a great week!
What do you call dropping the entire UN Security Council into the East River? A good start.
Yup, it's on once again tomorrow at our HQ. Then back to every other week.
#edchat, job embedded PD has the potential to be most effective when used effectively.
#InvisibleChildren on Jason Russell arrest "The past two weeks have taken a severe emotional toll on all of us, Jason especially"
I train Hard Like Brock Lesnar. They Call me The #NEXTBIGTHING"
I was dying , them he said he looked like he just got out of juvie , he was trynna ride
whatevea u want! just dont be a hater on anyone :O cus i HATE drama and i just dont want all the mentoions be so.. ughh u kno?
people love tweeting other mfs then texting you ! get outta here .
Time may pass but feelings always seem to last ...
I mean thats nice sept for o wait I dont want to go that nutass school
Specialness is all my cats & dogs curled up in 1 bed & leaving me a space!
lol it's different when they're inside shoes.
you can't be real w/ me until you start being real w/ yourself.
God damn it! Skygrid tweeted a bad link.
Bout to hit this slab.....
I still don't see it in the email you can DM or tweet me the link if you'd like. :)
certainly appears the system is in process of breaking again. Fans r going to say enough is enough.
I like Eric Bedard to go 6+ IP today. He will be tough on #Phillies lefties.
I know. Sometimes it's annoying that there are a lot of Beliebers :P haha but awh, i'm sorry you couldn't see him and have
one time my doctor was out doing a C-section & some arab doctor checked me....i was freaking out.
Stalberg is the new Sharp
I'm too emotional for this right now -_-
Some one is having problems with their right eye.. be healed in Jesus name
Any of our followers who want to tell people to follow us, we would greatly appreciate it! Can't wait to get things started!
Blah blah blah :-)
My body is sore from camping this weekend. :|
Having a good day! About to go see the screening for 21 Jump Street! Luv me some Channing Tatum ;) Jonah Hill is too funny :)
I know that's right!
at "The World's Most Famous Arena"!!!
It's fitting to hear a good homily about marriage after last week's news. "For the Christian, marriage is a covenant, not 50/50."
we tell no lies! thanks for loving us back!
Happy birthday !!
Happy birthday - do it to it!
Going to bed . Waking up tomorrow morning cleaning and then say with my mother in law and Chase <33 Tomorrow's gonna be great .
That they are
You are seriously a great friend to Austin. Thank you for always being there for him <3
Excited for #SpringleBall!!! Wish I could've won those m&g! Some girls have all the luck & I have none! Happy to be going to the show tho!
Where to get free scoop in Balto? Online map shows closest place is Silver Spring!
Thanks for the follow, Karen!
Now da fuckin news got me ^
Most Women Can't Fuck With Me Becuz I'm Not One Of Those "You're Right" Ass Niggaz..If You're Wrong Imma Prove You Wrong. Dafuq i Look Like?
My agenda? A fair & balanced story? Please. Go on calling women sluts, see how far that gets you : I see where your agenda lies.
#askPierceTheVeil What made you want to be in a band?
good seeing you in #Twitterville. Loving your new pics.
told ya Julie lol
Tonight's Special: Oscar Burger - American Cheese, Hot Link, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, and Aoili on a Kaiser Roll with Side!!!
Hahaha now that you mention it.......but I am more of a Birdwoman myself though I have to admit is mobetta.
it's true
I suppose it is a little early to complain about the lack of multi-account support in Google Drive
My pool is almost ready and it is BLUE as can be!! :)
How sore do you think is today?
Great seeing you guys! RT : Thanks for coming!
it's your fault for falling asleep
Fellowship Night is this Friday! We are going to have a blast...will you be here?
okay thanks. That's perfect.
OMG... IN TEN DAYS MY FAT BOY WILL BE A YEAR CAN'T BELIEVE HOW TIME PASSES...
Having trouble getting into the rhythm of twitter. Fearing that this makes me old.
*blushes* But Montoya is so hot! (I know, I know, so's an exploding jet dryer.)
Can't stop dreaming of 's sexy lips
Thank you for your donation to our #Kickstarter campaign! It means so much. You're amazing!!
those covers sound awesome, but ya crowds can easily ruin a show for me.
Why am I a creep magnet?! Ugh....
It's looking like we might be moving into a place down the street! Keep the good stuff coming, neighbor!
coo, who all u comin wit?
VEEP has been consistently great
Man it was some girls at the club last night that looked like the monsters that chase you on Temple Run smh lol
Now THAT'S LOVE! Even thinking her FOREHEAD is sexy! Lol
asks about the reactions to #insideout from city to city. Joffe: "It's overwhelmingly positive. They want to talk to us."
Bristol Palin I know what she saying its wrong in the eyes of God But same sex lovers will have 2 deal with that on there own
what fool? lol
Job Fair for MAU students next Wednesday, Feb 22 at 4:30 to 7pm. Dress sharp (business attire) and bring copies of your resume.
justin im a really big fan and love u. im always a JB support no matter what. BieberSwag for life~Kailey
I'm so proud of you.
This is Seattle's best April ever. Let's keep this an upward trend.
I have the same issue about letter grades in formal school courses. Will try joint (instr/stud) assessment this term.
haha I love Pierre between the glass brought to us by Blackberry.
#lies its just 1 boo
Soo tomorrow i have alot to doo:( And i dont have anything for my mom for mothers day Maybe ill go get her flowers
Girls that call all their other girlfriends baby <
They need the #1 pick first.
man she look alright but the rest of them "Candy Girls" are busted
Nashville cares about the song, not the production as much. But pop (LA) it's gotta sound "from the future, not even the present" produced.
BELIEBERS ARE THE BEST FANBASE - THEY OVERALL ALL IF U R A BELIEBER AND U AGREE WID THIS RETWEET PASS IT ON
GoodMorning..Thank God, Thank The People He's Placed In My Life That Leave A Positive Impact An Thank Everyone Who Believes In Me
omg really how did u figure that out
That sauna was hot af lmfao damn! I'm sweating so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
and way more dependable than other teachers/principals. I mean nothing against Mr. Belding, but he lacked depth.
commissioners on a power trip in the #nfl and
my momma's house!
Ugh I have the weirdest screaming headache. I might have to submit to tylenol. Bo
Yay! It was fun to have big prizes this year!
OK. We'll try to get him going.
Nice day in Atlanta.
Just realized i dont have socks for gym.
Let me take a hit while you sit and watch
Hey bro it's Joe Tong. Hope all is good. I'm living in La and also Vegas so hit me up if your ever coming to either place
LAST WEEK OF SCHOOL!!!!!!
May Detroit Startup Drinks on the 19th at D'mongo's. 6-8pm. Host by No agenda No speakers.
I read a lot of YA with my daughters. Some real, some not, that's what's fun. Goose Girl is my new fave.
#boringmovies any movie that doesn't have a hot guy in it
ill be in school tomorrow fosho
Not me. Much prefer the quiet audience.
I miss you bitches too
Go ahead and buy. I picked up a bottle of the Corryvreckan with the Knob Creek Rye. You cant fight some things.
UK scared!
Then Got The Nerve To Say "Oops" Lol
that was not the football gods. That was Tebow himself reaching thru the cosmos to tell you to STFU.
Thanks to our super volunteers and great campers for a successful Presidents' Day Mini Camp!!
Happy 2012 from Kabod House International!
I beg to differ.
Gotta go to HR at my job today. Never a good thing when the company you work for claims that you made twice as much money as you really did.
nope... And guess who won
After cutting this Kickstarter video, I now know why I've never cast myself in my own films. (Unrelated: also I can't act.)
the million dollar question...
Challenger or Mustang...which will make me happier?
off to China eyy? :/
U can plan all day, but u can't factor in the element of incompetence¡
Halfway through THE ADDING MACHINE at -- an amazing production, loving it.
Girls trying to be yours. Can have you.
I can't help it.. Sometime I just glare at people. So obnoxious.
how do you have two?
mastered that art a long time ago
RT IF U GOING TO tonight!!!!
has some #SEXY abs
Sweet, probably another Outback Bowl for Bucky.....I can't believe this crap.
eck out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Fran 49ers
Apartment shopping, imunization records searching, advising, work, financial aid, interviews, car repair, visits. Hello headache
it's my friends prom and she made me promise that I'd go
Had a great house show today :) now at the mint!
My small academic library keeps most book jackets. They aren't covered with plastic though like the ones in publibs.
I need a real lady
Awesome. Look forward/hope to meet all you!
Thanks for sharing our new podcast!!
Endicott and the Red Cross yesterday. Seems there's more to be done with Endicott as Gothic / Byronic hero.
I swear and I like the same teams
Really?! When the boss says you are going home next week, you don't argue... Won't score you any points, might even subtract them...
Time to workout. ~>
Dickie V takes a picture with Dulkys... what a moment. 90-57
RT ": So their meant to be.."
Pretty varied responses so far! ^BPS
Must have caffeine...CaNt tYpE PrOpErLy
who what when where?
Questioning God is IMPOSSIBLE! How, if a persons thinking is the size of a soda can put God in a box if His ability is the size of the ocean
FINAL MEETING today at 1 PM in Donahue 220! Come to learn about SFR for next year, Q&A session, and possibly cake!!
your movie Never Say Never is going to be amazing ! <3
Well my dentist visit wasn't too bad. But I'm going back soon.
Ball: "We need the strength of our collective as we attempt the practice of doing enough."
Irritated with a chance of optimism today.
That is correct
“: No regrets bitch, I did it my way” redoing #FrankSinatra?
Wouldn't be so objectionable if folk realized that some spaces ARE still PUBLIC. i.e.Theatre performances.
Yes! Time to go get it!
Ever been snowboarding? Definitely different than wakeboarding, but still a fun time
“: I wander if people that follow me really think my names Bart Buttontop ? Lmfao” Ik I do
Hahaha. I do that too!
I just found out my nephew graduated Cum Laude. Arizona State, Congrats again Nick!
don't recall...but something similar up on account right now.
You need to grow up, not grow a pair of balls
Ah shit just got off the phone wit Manny he's ready to hit HR's and smoke blunts wit me.
Chris: Unless I do something, Im just gonna go to bed
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 99
Pouring rain here in southern California... How's your day?
D1 loses a heartbreaker. D1 made a furious comeback and scored with 5 min left to cut the deficit to 2 and ended up losing 22-20.
shoutout for shoutout? list for list? tweet me
Where the fuck is the tree
Congratulations Dolly, Liam & Cynthia Hedley on winning Free Powerchute at #sharkshootout. Golfers Guide Expo buzz & more to giveaway!
if you're going to make a loud personal call at work at least do it in english so i can be nosy
whats up big home
#thugs RT : 2: 34 but we don't sleep out here
maybe cuz you're seeing the world they dream for all of us
18 year old dressing like mikey LEGGO
Cooking channel has innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
I guess that means the Red Sox can't lose again to the Yankees lololol
O.o That's crazy. I'm very sorry :o >.<
I'll pretend everything's alright.
Hey, this is Zack! Have an excellent week. You can grab Journey tickets all week at noon during the Back In The Day Cafe!
S/O to the five people that Retweeted That OKC! Tweet I Made!!!!!(:
Looks kill.
MAD MEN: After a year and a half Mad Men Season 5 debuts with a 2-hour long episode tonight at 9/8c. For us advertisers we can't get...
- WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray to a debate. This campaign is far from over...(Yes that just happened)
#askObama Ans 11: Not failure to get debt ceiling extended with Dec 2010 tax deal.
And the most militant chocolate chips you're ever going to find...
explain then why still hunderds of people are sending thier demos everyday to my cluster of stations hoping they will be heard
8 yr old boy is recovering from hypothermia after boat capsized. Updates are on his #CaringBridge site.
(: thanks for the #FF everyone! Ive been working so i couldnt tweet!
let's do drinks this week! I'm good any day but Wed
Don't ever let a boy tell you that you aren't pretty or worth his time because the truth is he's not worth ur tears,breath,or even thoughts.
RT : Vermes shut up you idiot
Education is all a matter of building bridges
i'm the captain of the fail boat :(
Spent the day migrating to the Cloud. #GoogleApps for Business
Drummer broke his foot. He thought it would be a good idea to sneak into a military base and kick a Tank. He's hardcore like that.
RT : I'm confused as to who Tami thinks she is? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Excellent! Would I need to put in a special order?
good night sweet dreams,, c:
Clearly you're supposed to be out there with the other 25 hotsluts!
Looking for heaven, for the devil in me.
What is a lensbaby composer. What does it do? Does it provide better adjustment for the lens?
Thank you for eating at Mizu and reviewing! We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: The Fast and the Furious style underground horse competition, a baron with a half mustache, "ennui"
Wait, you *do* care?? Oh, cause its… ahh, okay. And you're *not* because… Yeah. I see what you did there<U+2600> <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
congrats to Hannah, now Dr. Gerrard, who just gave a brilliant defense of her diss & is en route to a job in New Zealand!
Steal of a deal on Galveston Island... Mention you saw this posting on my LinkedIn for a $10k Bonus for Seller Agent...
Who do you like more? #NYYankees or #NYMets?
RT ": I second the Greg Ward and Chris Dingman kudos. As well as the word "kudos"." : // Thank you :)
#GreatBikeGiveaway voting in progress through May 18 at 4 pm. Vote & support your friends!
haha oh well it happens. And ill be like "I'm a good kid. I promise! :)" lol
miss you to D: get better!
Ya.....don't f*** with me right now because im ready to explode thanks :-)
Sadly you might be right. It sounds like a sad social commentary.
Oh it's abt 2 be on lol “: im gonna do a #nike photoshoot of u 2 in brooklyn! This is gonna be epic!"
Thanks for the recent shout-outs, ,
; thanks. (: & it legit melts in your mouth. Ima come back, just for their steak. Ben says, "how you doin'?"
all awesome suggestions! We've been in touch with each of those, so hopefully some will work out.
come back to DC!! Its my dream to meet u i even have a youtube called IwannaMeetNickJonas i got a concussion at ur last show
Everyone needs their practical joker foil at work.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them. ~ D. Boucicault
Idk cause i have not been on twitter all day and it says i said that i have not wrote anything so idk and ppl has said the thing about m ...
#imagine *austin fell of the chair and you were standing over him* you: can you move ? austin: only my lips *he kisses you*
#pointlesscelebrities is a hurtful trend. Quit dissing the Kardashians.
I heard #Orioles did not like the name for tonight's #FirkinFriday "Raging Bitch" by Instead it will be called "Brady Anderson".
1st break up to 15k after running well. Folded KT on AQJ7A board to all in raise on river before break
Guess who MAY be at tonight to embarrass you on the dance floor? ;-)
Carterette Series Webinars. No room for it in last tweet. :D
I WANT TO HOEEE! But my mom wont let me :(
. I could go $200 on that, more for #dabears of coarse!
haha I miss you too! Gracie is beautiful by the way Elizabeth was showing me pics in school I wanna meet her soon!
HFC would like to welcome our new students to the January session! We're all happy to see your smiling faces!
Crystal City/Dupont Circle/RFK Stadium
Being up this early makes me sick to my stomach.
Reminds me of Dorothy Parker and friends but would this be the Bwarie Table, instead?
It crackin like a muthafucka @ elcispe! I'm faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded
definitely. He has such a smooth voice. Then again, most country singers do haha.
Today: 49,904,336 SSRN downloads. We have just over a week to hit 50 million before the end of the year!
Don't start remembering me . . . When your forgetting her . . .
i'm soo sleepy.
Thursday: #GreyGoose & presents | LADIES, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 to receive Open Champagne Bar.
J.p morgan...back at it again....whos gonna suffer this round......
wearing my Nirvana shirt today.
No legs, No box out = NO HUGE Defensive rebound. Could be ball game.
Do all dentist offices have that funky smell to them?
Trying to schedule a concealed carry course for this Sunday to accommodate some people. Should be plenty of room if anyone is interested.
It's easier to give it to someone else than to receive it yourself
Some people seriously have some nerve - Look in the mirror stupid trash.
Woohoo! Belated congratulations to you! Something to celebrate tomorrow. :-)
I want to wish my mother a Happy Birthday today . I love you !
I try to hold your hand but you'd rather hold your grudge..
eeepppp thank u!! So excited
Thanks for the support!!
Be careful taking a walk down memory lane
good luck to in Seattle
*tear* So proud! RT : Applied for grad , ordered My cap & gown AND Tomorrow I start intern.....
Going hopping for my dress :))
Congrats!! ": My Luke Skywalker RoTJ costume was cleared by Council today as official canon..."
IEBC: K12 & #highered instructors find cross-sector conversation to be valuable professional development.
haters gon' hate
thanks! All is well except for the lack of giant Weinerschnitzel. ;-)
Yes - but only coincidentally. There is a SF convention in Orlando, OASIS 25, that I'm going to that weekend. :-)
All Tebow has ever done is win !!
God Bless you too !
Depression doesn't really hurt. Not like that.
lol ill get my sad song on for now then
Laser therapy is a deep-penetrating laser light that allows relief of pain through the release of endorphins & stimulates cell repair
we will see soon enough
haha nope! i actually cried watching the preview to next weeks episode!
Boxes arrived Friday....pretty sure I can find corkscrew in 15 minutes...but didnt want to wait that long.
I showed him my Tazmanian Devil tat
It was so great for our students to visit Tufts yesterday!
I can't tell you exactly when we're going to be getting them in, BUT we expect them to be in about 1 1/2 months from now :-)
Yes, I am having red velvet dingdongs for brunch. Judge me all you want.
You're in good company. Yeats misspelled 'professor' on an application for a professorship at TCD. But he didn't get the job.
WTF! Hunter might see that movie and my mom wants to an ugh! U need to come
So do I
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate GUY: "So you picking up the tab right?"
Working on my first album release right now
#Str8LykeDes.... When you think can't nun mess up your day no matter how good it is..
it is pretty fun. I'm on it more than Facebook, but I wish more friends had Twitter.
SOMEONE TALK IT'S TOO QUIET IN HURR
call your favorite local radio station's request line and ask to hear "Daylight" by Rekapse. let us know if you get thru!
glad I dvr'd todays show...listened but couldn't see how hot looked as santa's little helper
oh yeah ive been pretty swell haha you? :)
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
justin Beiber<U+2665> , idgaf what ya'll say about him . I love him :D
SPI is asking you: If you had the money to do so, where would you want to travel in the world?
he also played a struggle rapper named Horse in How To Make It In America
Soriano looking like shit is making me stay up later than I want to. Earn your paycheck bro.
woo hoo! Just booked my flight! Get in to Green Bay Sat 9/29 at 11:30am
yeah, me either, pretty sure it's just Cum :P
Now we just need to get to 100 followers.
My phone won't tell me when Adam texts me.
lets be for real here...everyone knows I run the house
followed! I got you.
lmao miggy I just tweeted something similar
Create a hashtag for your trade show and make sure to tag all of your photos, videos and posts with that hashtag.
Thank you to all my new mermaid fans out there it is very nice to meet you all : )
How'd you do this morning?!
wow babe! ;p just noticed you posted this! Can't wait to see you tomorrow! <U+2764>
Snoop was busted with weed? I'm not sure in what universe this qualifies as news.
Nothing like Amie's pizza
williams and samuels of Louisville average 31 points between them, have 2 points today
I Didn't Know My Own Strength is one of my favorites too.
Pratt examines many mechanisms Indian law used to keep blacks from tribal citizenship, even weakening own sovereignty
It's like when it's nice out I'm happy
I almost got ran over by commuters while doing lawn work at the Mekong Center, and everyone thinks motorcycling is dangerous.
Given the choice of a #SwampPeople rerun or live #AmericanIdol, the 9 y/o chose Swamp People. That's my girl.
+5. six introduced me to screen 3 years ago. I now use terminals for all the things.
Watching ghost adventures really wnna go to school tomorrow :oo #BOYFRIEND can't wait !!!!
Back to the craziness
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
Planning this party has been stressful.
Just heard a live english man say "chocolate"
“: someone did send booze once." My weirdest: Chronicle Bks sent orange condom. Weirder: I still have it.
why wouldn't you have ice cream and coffee for breakfast?
Must stop drawing things and sleep.
~hot child in the city~
Have u been 2 a headshot event? Were u happy w/ it?
Star wars day? Really? When do the Trekkies get their day? I'll settle for Pens beat Caps day.
ok thanks bro
#FF digital & social media ppl:
Laney College will host a Jobs and Career Expo Friday, May 20 from 9am-3pm
I went to the main library, having called ahead for a book. They had it waiting for me. Oakland is so beautiful, I love it so!!!
did u know there in valley stream rich now
follow me please? I loved meeting you so much at warped in tampa florida! <3 xoxo
Thx Lauren - so good seeing u all! RT successful lamb din w/ !
daylight come & me wanna go home :) have a great day-o :)
“: Approach each new relationship with an open mind, every person is different.” just saying this
It's offical is facebook famous v.v and i'm not lol it's cool :p
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time. -Thomas Merton
Our patrons will receive season brochures in your mailbox in just a few days.
i knooowwwwww , i couldnt even get my hug in!! -__-
Hawai`i Boxing Great joins the tomorrow afternoon after weigh-ins!
these folks got chris paul on clamps smh
I wouldnt call what she does "jumping"
Go play some real chords and call me in the morning.
looking forward to the end of Band camp so the rock and roll can commence and the jams begin
RT IF U WANT TO TALK TO ME:D I'm so lonely, my friendz r gonn!!:(, they left me, wt kind of friendz r they?
"In wilderness is the preservation of the world." -- Henry David Thoreau. Sleep well, yogis.
heyy im not a brat
Why did everyone leave once papers read? Many didn't stick around for questions. Don't we want to discuss?
I was living there cuz of the band I was in :o n yess Vegas blows -___-
It's National Cheese Pizza Day today! Celebrate with the best pizza in town, Camos Brothers Pizza of course
Sikich Celebrates 30 Years of Service &amp; Entrepreneurship - MarketWatch (press release)
RT : MT : Tomm #AmericanU names Pres. Bill Clinton #Wonk of the Year. Better luck next time &
Plus the Bear
it's a show on abc about a group of girls from Dallas and they are all into church
um - what is THIS?? how did i miss seeing mr. peter coviello join the convo?
. Wrong spin. The CHE's not against free speech. They just asked Riley to take hers somewhere else.
Character matters; leadership descends from character
I don't know if I can wait till summer for the next show. Irregardless ill be there.
My original point: labor force dropped by about 5k since Jan '11, but # of employed people is up by >23k. More people working=good
QB5: You have to run both sides of operation: business side and editorial sides. Just one and you'll not get it.
Lololol. I know who.
You were right. I'm not happy about this.
Lots of ads but also movies-latest I remember is Valerie Plame movie. It's nuts: all at once, the place was an outdoor set.
You call a wonderful woman bro? Try using some class... bro.
i want my blackberry back :( my sister is using it because i already have the iphone.... :(
We are #Goosecross club members. All their wines are awesome!
I can only make inferences from my experiences and it seems to me that liberalism uses victimization to justify hate.
Can't wait til 11:11(: 's single = on repeat. Love this boy and this amazing song! (:
A world with stout brownies & heroic acts of Ryan Gosling is one I want to be a part of. Thanks for the sunshine, +
I don't know what I should do. Should I go to school or watch Barca vs Chelsea?
For some reason today things seems so off-balance can't put my finger on it pray for me
she looks like a crack head?
Pinterest for libraries with Joe Murphy
yes , lol. Omg text me , I have something to tell you !
Keep it sweet, keep it slow, let the future pass & don't let go.
Send some my way so I can prove you right
dad, we're men. we like to shit with the door open.
true but I <3 the lakefront, trying to enjoy it while it lasts! gonna haul some ass and get it done so I can get my run on. Thanx!
Happy Hump Day! I can't wait for the weekend, I'm going to do absolutely nothing...
Ppl needs to mind their business..
i might know someone, but they ask that compensation comes in the form of hot dogs. do y'all serve hot dogs?
Off to Madison for the Badger game! Woot!
I went ahead and sent them another email to them. I sent one to Justin, not Erica. Hope she will reply back.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Justin's manhood is trending again. Why? Who knows...lol, but it doesnt surprise me :)
need your number again!
couldn't you use it another day? You deserve some celebration for being a great mom.
" priceless: #safety stays on cause the #kids at home #Daddymode"
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 12
No shame. I love that song. “: For real, I'm listening to SOMEWHERE OUT THERE by OUR LADY OF PEACE #imissyourpurplehair”
im s daughter! She reccomended u watching with her
it will feel like Christmas when i can call you my own.
I never heard of it but I can't I have after school
If you get hung up on stuff you don't fully understand you are liable to be stung
Exhausted and considering playing dead at my desk today.
strictly FFL angle - you like Blackmon on Jax? That QB situation is frighteningly bad.
New session. Power of the Purse: How Corporate Procurement is Influencing Law Firm Selection.
RT #mlamobiletech TRUTH! Easy mobile access= happy patrons! Molly Knapp
But who needs love when you have money??
OK... So, I suddenly get about 20 or so followers... just out of the blue. Something at right about this...
Oh no!! ALSO - did you remember to get your camera????
I'm so team SAGITTARIUS some off ain't rapped to tight tho clears throat lol
Gm beautiful
It still cracks me up that the O's got , a California guy, to do the walk or ride PSA on MASN.
i need too hurry up & switch phne companys man. .
thanks for the #FF, u king of the cosmos u
Easy, there. “: Tim Tebow is better than Matt Ryan because Tebow can win in playoffs. No argument.”
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT<U+2192> <U+2192> <U+2192> <U+2190> <U+2190> <U+2190> I follow back!!<U+30C4>
93-86 Heat with 1:05 left. Pacers ball...As often as LeBron handles the ball, he's got only 1 turnover in 42 minutes.
tywebb75: IMO, the timing is right; the excitement is already building! RT ...too early to start the #sla2010 re-tweeter ...
how'd you do today??
We're celebrating 2 years! Free Paella for the first fifty guests tomorrow at Pintxo.
Creative meeting at Nike hq...
Huge, huge jam for Thea
#besthingaboutbeingsingle I rarely have to shave my legs.
omg marry me?
VIDEO: The New Brooklyn Nets Commercial Needs More Jay-Z ...
I'm walking with in the #indystpatricksparade we're between an Irish Wolfhound and the Circle City Derby Girls. Hilarity WILL ensue
not counting stone age axes.
Fear leads to hesitation, hesitation leads to apathy, and apathy leads to resistance.
it's en route! You should have it by this afternoon.
Wasn't that why Hawks got O-Don't-ya?
Is it bad that I never separate my laundry? I just put it all in the same washer
Slowly going insane from being bed ridden...at least I've caught up on #Alcatraz and #SMASH ...
Tyler Posey pointed at them....HOLY FUCK
#CelebrityApprentice - well Trump you cover your politically correct bases...: -
yep yep just dont know where yet
getting down to the WIRE!!! Don't be left without a "Banner for Banner" day.... United Way and Saints fans UNITE! www.worldchampionfans.com
Looking forward to it!! RT : 2nite Celebrate #teachers join Topic: Affirmation 8pmEST on
“: Why is Evelyn in basketball wives if she's with ochocinco?? -.-” Her 1st husband is in basketball :)
I la juuu =) RT night was so fun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> never fails! Haa
So sad to hear news about Junior Seau. He made such an impact on the #Chargers & SD community. Heart goes out to his family.
Do u mean they should cover up? Use a special room? My dd wouldn't eat w/ a blanket on her head & I don't blame her.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year. A real genius has his original ideas closer together. Georg Lichtenberg
You looked ridiculously gorgeous last night! Best dressed at the AMA's? I think yes.
happy mothers day everybody ....
YAWN. someone's got A FUCKIN case of the mondays...
People are saying Thursday is best for them. So I'm going to try and have a meet up on Thursday.
Went from 36C in Kuala Lumpur to 28C in Cameron Highlands. Ah.....
Digitally delivered perks. Don't blow your campaign earnings on shipping. Trick is making them juicy.
YEAH BITCHES I JUST FINISHED 8 INDEX CARDS OF FUCKIN RESEARCH NOTES!!!!
oh I'm sorry, I thought you wanted can openers. I must have been mistaken :D
perfect. Thanks for the quick response!
good point. You are doing a great deed
The tallest woman that ever lived was Zeng Jinlian who was 8 feet 2 inches tall of China. She died at the age of 17
it's pretty cool haha everybody faded
Facebook's big secret was integration with Skype? Way to push the envelope, guys.
I don't follow a lot of politics, but you keep me up to speed. I've said it before. Your one of my best follows.
you go girl!!!
Participated in the Core Data Survey Webinar...very informative and nice job by the presenters Leah Lang and Pam Arroway
Gym time and then Avengers
...and if you do -- in the words of General George S. Patton -- "You'll know what to do." Good luck.
I smile and act like nothing is wrong it's called putting crap aside and acting strong.
Sorry, Emerson.
Yes! I just read an otherwise great YA that fell into that trap. I was a cheerleading who wasn't mean or an airhead. We exist.
Many hands make light work.
Feel super lame about my lack of keeping up with my fav comics. Im only caught up on are Hack/Slash & Morning Glories. Gotta get on it.
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers??????
For the first time in my lifetime, the #Mets win while starting an entirely homegrown lineup. Cautiously enjoying this team.
thats great, send me a pic! can't wait to see!
Autocorrect is hilarious. In a sec not a sex
Visit #educationUSA at #AACRAO11 booth 112. Advisers from Poland, Nigeria & Russia.
Ha! If so, we're using your pictures! You're the master. :)
Looking forward to flying across the room on a trapeze tonight
"My mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat, When you start to walk my way, I forget where I am, cant find words to say"
LOFLing at her telling an ASB story on a talk show. Good shit.
First on the list of things to do? Check in thru Foursquare. I'm the Mayor!
glad to meet you and look forward to learning more John 3:16
Lets go Dirk!
My icon is actually, the sexiest thing. Eh' ;)
ttp://www.cinemasinfo.com/web-directory.html Bollywood Directory, Hollywood Directory, Tollywood Directory, Entertainment Directory
Testing the new OHMS Oral History indexing feature on interviews this morning. Awesome!
The producer of Pimp My Ride killed his wife in the building I was in!?!!
girl don't tempt me , you know I can be to pcola in 2 seconds lol
Yarrow: The eyes of the world are upon you my friends...you are there in NY today. You are in San Francisco.
looks amazing!
#liber2011 Migration: danger of losing semantics. Emulation: cannot do NEW things.
At Bottlecraft enjoying a Dogfish Head Flight. #craftbeer Fanfreakintastic
I will be in boot 4045 tomorrow at SDCC. Come by and meet me.
You left caps lock on again.
that's fantastic! seems to me the 'baby steps' approach will work. there will be struggle, crying, then - we're walking
Don't forget to vote in the Your Way to Beautiful™ Makeover Contest for your chance to win a Flip Ultra Camcorder. www.mkmakeovercontest.com
We need more runs, let's hope Chen can hold up
Crisis averted. I'm no longer
I have said this 4 years. I call it the "sugar-baby diet". I don't understand either, but it happens to me too.
Class of 2012: Take your job seriously, not yourself.
Gonna cuddle up to my Jack Skelington plush and nap(:
Whoa..Donna Summer died?
This is going to be so cold, so dirty, if 24 puts up a game winner here.
The process of true spiritual education is gradual. Slow but sure. Since its results do not show up immediately hardly any take to it.
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
lol at all the guys at my school..
thanks for sending folks to !!!!! And happy new year!!!!!
Android plays pokemon
Of course you do, hahaha miss ya already !
red wine and claim jumper's chocolate motherload cake..the best cake evvveerrr..<3 junk day!
Favorite #oscars moment so far: the editors apologizing for not being good at speeches by saying "we're editors."
": Amelia island. It's near Jacksonville" hope you have a blast! Wish we could do #pensacola, maybe next year
Um... The part about the gun? ;)
If you have a speech impediment and you play Scrabble, are you allowed to play your W's as R's?
where can I find more info on the $100,000 Gates Foundation Grant?
And I almost forgot: Happy Pi Day! What's your favorite place in #Indy for pie?
I wanna get my mom the best gift.. But I don't wanna fucking go shopping -.-
which iconic Boyz follow u?(:
Im Texas Trill :)
man, thank you so much for the glowing appraisal of or EP. Not sure what to say. We really appreciate it.
Im so fuckin far in this game that ion even sleep tha same
RT : what is IMC? stands for'Integrated marketing communications' the art & science of making it all work seamlessly
HAHAHAHA! I'm gonna buy that fucker some drum sticks if he doesn't do it himself! xD
Portland, where young people go to retire.
how come I don't know about this... Omg. Thanks. Lol
at the UT Black Faculty & Staff Assoc. MLK Luncheon... William Powers (UT Prez) is speaking!
it's going to be so exciting to see all the work that's been completed! Our generous donors rock it!
RT : RT : TOP PLACE of the week to visit is BLUE LAGOON! The steamy waters are part of a lava formation. The...
Making pink lemonade cookies <3
I'm just a country boy
why hello! XOJ
Are you watching Die Hard, or just that far from civilization?
Wrapping up a couple crazy weeks of sessions including some late night vocal tracking with R. Kelly!
dude I just got back from a photo shoot and still suffering from dehydration:/,id rather not(:
what time can I come over
WHats going on tonight #Denver ?
Yes... I will be using that 20% off entire purchase coupon at Michael's today
Calm down people... Long way to go.. we got all excited last season and then mudslide.
I know! It's a win! I get yummy cupcakes for coworkers birthday and I get to support a business.
My mom ruins everything.
You already kno doe.
better late than never... I'm doing good, thanks
Wow You Should Remember
Side note yoga outdoors looking up see an eagle flying above Rva
Victor Cruz Is Doing Good Tonight
gahhh , i hate ppl !.
Today looks like a great day to go to thee beach.(:
that was directed to you. whoops.
Sending late night texts about cats!
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
The only #winning thing Tony Romo ever did was wife up #carrieunderwood and then he dumped her.
It has been a month now since we lost Ryan Dunn so sad :( R.I.P RYAN DUNN we all miss u!!!
Never will I ever forget you.
I am so easily frightened. Just got freaked out reading A Great and Terrible Beauty. It's not even supposed to be a scary book. XD
I live in Washington State, USA. I used to live in Hawaii. I hope you have a happy monday too.
Its ppl like #AdamGreen that give Liberals/Dems a bad rap. >%of Libs/Dems are not as far-left as Green thinks.
ah we need more followers! help? :)
Vendor Pricing: Subscription vs PAL (perpetual access license) ProQuest Webinar. Own it for awhile or own it forever
World: I am in the market for a new pair of pants. Recommendations welcome.
Christine Borgman: "The whole idea of reusing data is dependent on a trusted provenance model" that doesn't exist yet
do they know you by name?
At this graduation chilling..
Hi everyone! Don't forget to add #TalkToTony to your tweets.
this is great! The finale was epic! “: Hawaii Five 0 Pilot & Finale available for free on Itunes US. #H50”
I don't even plan on studying
we should get 1 of those heart necklaces n all take a piece,I want the middle so its jagged on both sides
Worst part is when you need the fakes the most, that's usually when you find out who they are. When they need you, its all love
what skills do we teach that will transfer to other classes, beyond grad, to personal life?
why i got this old lady in my class tryna fit in wit the young folk...dat b to funny, i jus wanna tell her its not that
Addicted to
I put out for several days for the parents as I know they needed it to feed the young one. I thought it would just die.
I truely believe God sends us angels. Some to watch over us, to protect us, And one to spend the rest of our lives with<U+2764>
Caution to drivers - CHP reports 3 dogs are running into traffic lanes on south I-5 at Via de San Ysidro.
You have no idea what I had to give up to be here this hour. I guess Pinterest will need to wait 60 minutes
In the car with tiffany sheika and kaleb
RT : Mobile Device management Headlines Enterprise IT Concerns--should mobile transition from personal to enterprise?...
Thank you! You sound psychic - hope you're right :)
i didn't get a platinum bundle... oh well! Justin, wanna help me get one? just kidding!
Too bad Andy couldnt get run support today..bad job by the Yankees making kevin milwood look like cy young!
Skinny ties have been in since 2004....why is the professor more jig than the students.
A little.
Can anyone recommend a good polka compilation?
Kevin Hart is the man lmaoo
i miss austin.
Do Jewish vampires avoid crosses or Stars of David?
Never ending, your glory goes beyond all fame
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY!” thanks love!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out.
Thanks and happy Friday!
Or a sandwich?
On my way into town to see the Radio City Christmas Spectacular at the Wang Theatre with Mom.
The competition looked stiff. I hate competition. It’s one of the seven warning signs of work.
Watching the Lakewood Officer memorial, wish the tv anchors could quit talking.
LA Sheriff Lee Baca is all over this. We have his full support.
scorpions, eagles, boston, .38 special, phil collins, peter gabriel....stuff like that I like...
Writing scholarship essays that are due tonight at midnight
Love meeting people on twitter!!! Some are seriously the sweetest people ever!!! <U+2764>
that really sucks lol ... I'ma be DOIN ME
Why did I go to sleep do early??
IF U NEED A JOB P IMAGE, and P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS has a job 4u no out of pocket expense its simple u produce u get paid studio5one2
Fifty Shades Darker left me wanting for more. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> MUST READ FIFTY SHADES FREED.
Wow..nice, I'm SCARED of you! lol
How can we get married if we're already married? :p
Feature: Set in Stone: Reviving the Romblon Marble Trade - Philippine Information Agency
let me know what you think of it!! I'd love to chat sometime and hear your thoughts :)
When does season 3 start?! :)
I feel like there needs to be a tab wrangler app- but I don't know what it would look like or what the hell it would do.
Where's everybody gonna be on Easter Sunday?? How about with us and ! A great day to be hungry!!
What do you do when u catch writer's block???
Kirra -- 1000th follower? That is SO cool. :) Very yay (and connecting with a kindred spirit sister, too).
take a picture <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Happy International #StoutDay! Bottoms up!
Can anyone teach me how to ballroom dance?
#ILoveMyMother because she been through alot with me && my sis && she has always been there for me thats why I luv her ! :)
What is small cell carcino... 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
i want to move to green bay so bad! #greenbayelite! <3
I just posted on my new #sports blog. Little League Majors try outs went great
The text I just got >>
my back killing me :/
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Canada. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Remember to "like" us on #fb too!
I have to ask my very favorite healthy food blogger for tips on good gluten free bakeries in #Chicago! Any recommendations?
Hightower back in press trying to create turnovers. Lakes up 36-32.
email me at kevin dot merritt at socrata dot com. Happy to share how we support / plan to support 4 key geo data publish models
no, going camping, then baseball and state fair on sunday. Are you?
Yay!!! Its going to be such a great update to the neighborhood!
Reminds me of Nancy Sinatra. (Not necessarily a good thing, but still... ...)
When I look the best is when I'm at home with nobody to see.
#BOYiWantThatSanpBack YES PLEASE!
Its hot in Texas, Geez! Guess I better not complain though. Wore a sweater out of Charlotte this morning.
yeah but they dubstep like im working my EP with some kid name Felso but if you give me a few weeks i got you lol
It's Tuesday & that means team trivia presented by tonight at 8:00! $$, prizes, 75 cent wings & great drink specials all week!
fuck you too and enjoy the little bit of snow out there.
Romney #dodge on Tax Records Release "Time will Tell"? No way! What are you hiding?
We know it's nice to relax at the end of the day. Come Wine Down if you're staying with us.
no problem! :) &i told her you were like the biggest little monster ever & that she needs to follow you!
whens it due?
oh gosh! That's not bad at all...
I expect you heard already, but still in ATL. Also in SF!
Thanks for following! I follow back when asked ;)
The dollar is only 70 cents to the Euro right now which really adds up. We're sticking to third world vacations for a while!
Hello from Miami, FL! RT : Only 81 more days till we join numerous events happening worldwide.
Why the hell was i following Lady Gaga O_O (no offense to fans)
Happy Easter!
makin my fruit loops like downright shabby
Trust your faith in what you believe!
Happy 10 months, handsome. <U+2764>! I love you, too. :')
If the Cougs can beat Utah today... Next weeks Apple Cup will be even better!!!
Bout to go run and extra 2miles with
RT : Dear Mother Nature: do not mess with this weekend. Please and thank you.
will u ever follow me or even call me?(I can give u my number) I love u with all my life jb!!
no as mobile is a whole different standard
My favorite! Slide for the extra yard!
lol eww your butt stinks, close the door!
is the culprit, not me! RT : i'm sorry, but yolo?
Celebrate #shoplocal with TKG Music Group! Tickets to all December shows are on sale NOW at tkgmusicgroup.com!
MT RT almost lakerstime going to watch the game while i tweet-love Lakerholicz! ...<DITTO...watching Yanks too!
Well im your follower cuz youre extremely cute. And you seem really sweet. I followed you after Justin followed me Im YOUR fan;)
It's unfair #clippers forced to play with vinny del negro handicap
i actually really like your hair. you can pull it off, not many people can pull off a hair cut like that(:
There are some ppl you should never ostracize from your life. Make amends before its too late. Egos aside. Work it out.
maybe. Maybe not. ;)
Dr. Why so nervous? Patient: This is my first operation. Dr. Really? Mine too.
you are so beautiful!!
saw This means War tonight... i didnt think it was possible but Chris Pine might be out... Tom Hardy is bloody gorgeous. :swoons:
Getting up at 5:20am to watch the sunrise is nice in and of itself, but getting a cake out of it makes it priceless.
I'll join the chorus, congratulations on your new role hitter!
great what? Lol
I will probably not get pregnant this year.
Sun is Shining..... weather is sweet here, making you wanna move your dancing feet..... >> BOB
god, thats awful. RIP to those people.
Stones? Glass houses?
It's just in our Craft Pack for now, but we'll look into it for next year. Glad you're enjoying it!
should i keep on begging him :/
eat a handful of your own poop?
"Have no fear of perfection--you'll never reach it."
If anything you'll should know Obama has favor with the Lord.
Safe travels! Was a real pleasure wking w/ you at last week!
Thank you for the shout out :)
Also, we have a new, lower rate for coaches to enter this year. Over 50% savings over last years fee. Don't miss out on recruiting the best!
I hate how you would do anything for someone, and they could care less. That's when u know your
yay for friendly faces in the crowd!
its cloudy outside ):
": Yees he is!! & he is just 20! Lol RT : Is it just me or is Leonard REALLY cute??!" I've seen cuter, lol :-P
really? theyll ticket me for biking on the sidewalk in the heights? right! i yelled back AND YOU BETTER CURB YOUR DISGUSTING DOGS
Just to yank my chain
Haha, dude, it's character day.
That is great news! I'll be there for 2 classes tomorrow :)
There is a difference between "vintage" and "dirty"
#ArentYouTiredOf everyone wearing the same thing? Be your self and set your own trend.
Just because they are called "tramp stamps" does not give you the right to lick them without permission
Just started working on the intro to our video.
Hah..tweeting the answer as I was writing the Q. Ok, so that's the way to go...
Great day today We're unleashing a new product -The Unlimited #magnalogix platform just got better. Contact us to find out more 866.460.6611
RT Metta world peace is musty his ankles stink
And maybe during lunch we can meet in person (the analog form of collaboration).
Glance at the sun. See the moon and stars. Gaze at the beauty of earth's greenings. Now, think. - Hildegard von Bingen
Getting sick of being preached at. About to post a bunch of shit about evolution and atheism on facebook
our office daschund Brian is wearing his new plaid Billy Wolf jacket and he looks so sharp!
They're referring to a technique that actually reverses the process of tanning leather.
Okay, I'm going to stop now. I'll continue this conversation in my head.
I think the Madden Curse is confused. Going after #Browns punters this year instead of Hillis. I don't blame him for avoiding Hillis though.
cut them off
“: Our population grew by another 95 people since you started reading this.”
Took me a few hours and a few wasted dollars to figure out, but I am finally watching #marchmadness from my iPad in India.
Is it me or does it seem like every day a new girl is getting pregnant in Rochester...
I made it! I made my boyfriend one too but he's isn't glittery. lol!
It is true. The Texas Renegade is, still looking for Beach Boy Rad. I think I should give him the address to The Arena if the Impossible.
Hopped up on caffeine.
RT : Are you following us yet on Twitter? If not, what are you waiting for???
we can lay in bed all day.
re: why our pencils are so short. That reminds me to buy a golf / eyebrow pencil sharpener from Target.
I hate little girls.
i've read ( bit of professional obligation...) but didn't like. The mother in me has a really hard time w violent death of kids...
The plus side of my recent fits of insomnia is that I may meet my challenge of reading 35 books in 2012 by early June.
The #Denton Hooters girls will be at #CowboysThursday tonight!
Or is an reference inherently self-deprecating? Either way, I feel like a douche.
aye now, take it easy lol
Fight the power Def Jam style!!
#tennislessons in great neck / old westbury / long island i'm your man! shoot me an e-mail
Hooooffffff I done effed up at work today. >>>:((((
Good luck Amber
great thanks
Meditate for 20 minutes a day—it could lower your risk of stress and anxiety by 25% or more.
Out and about today to get things done in the burbs. Diverged a bit for a little journey to the country & deli.
#HOWTO deal w/ a tech insisting your upload speed will jump from 350k (real) to 5M (advertised) if you use IE & not Firefox:
No one cares ;) RT : The hole in my tights is slowly getting bigger.
. Actually, Pres Obama said it was a matter for the States to decide. Which is exactly the same as it is now. Nothing changed.
It was HER idea!
Good idea about the voice/treat correlation. Gonna be very conscious of that.
Thanks, Kimberly! I'm tickled to see Kissing Kelli doing so well :)
Hyatt is so chilly! Will come with more layers tomorrow. Bates--too short a talk, but how cool is she?
Did you cover this when Leland submitted his 13,000 signatures last week?
such a yummy place. Jealous
To the less experienced field person, It is up to the Older Experienced field personnel to take that Person under their wing and train them.
grain, and she ate her fill and had some left over. 15When she got up again to glean, Boaz gave orders to his workers,“You are #Torah 43/
Smh not really!!
Didn't even start the brownies yesterday. Gettin to work. Who coming down? Can't guarantee there will be leftovers.
: I think it's the cell phones and access to the internet. Maybe that keeps people occupied, entertained, pacified, etc..
Wants to go see a movie.
Ugh, it is so cold! It was in the high 70's almost 80's now low 40's -__-
on metro bus 105, which someone(s) has visibly hotboxed
Please follow back.
SWEET!!! GO VIKINGS!!!!
#JazzLinks Student Council members are sitting onstage right now to watch wynton marsalis & jalc play at symphony center!!
@ awe. Thanks Steve. Have a great Wednesday.
Congratulations on your Canada launch!
Its not a serious relationship til somebody get tatd
Weekend, I'm so happy you are near.
Nope, I will have to look for that. At the time I was more Doobies, J. Geils Band, and Aerosmith (oopsie)
Janie, it's going to be rather troublesome
Already following! :) Can I get one anyway! :)
I agree with your statement: Making excuses is the 2nd easiest thing in the world to do.Giving up is the easiest & most common.
Please overlook the idiotic fans and their stupidity. Please know that not all of us are like that.
RT BE SURE TO ATTEND MY "PIECE N UNITY IN OUR BX COMMUNITY CONCERT" THIS JUL SPONSORED BY BX ASSEMBLYMAN "ERIC STEVENSON" DETAILS COM SOON!
Maple is so boring -.-
Is there a site where i can submit my portfolio to the show??
Today, I am starting a 60-day challenge. But I'm not saying what for because I'm secretive, like .....something secretive
Happiness rarely keeps company with an empty stomach. Japanese Proverb
The facial hair too! Trying to get away from that baby face look.
#DrakeSongsILove none he sucks
Thanks for the #FF...Have a great weekend! :-)
um, i stopped my video in the middle of processing.. so now like, the video's still there, but the thumbnail doesn't show?
Hi, my name is Jarvis. I'm the most slept on chef. #26 out of #25 or the 51 out of top #50. #annoying !
Here's to a great 2012!! Looking forward to great things ahead with a great mobile partner
They fall victim to my system
Thanks so much for the webinar! Really appreciate it. Very informative.
Marketers unite tonight! Mad Men is back!
Push ups are easy when you're in the starting position and your stomach is already touch the ground.
Yeah, and dont listen to too much at the same time, listen to Illmatic first, digest it, then It Was Written
hey wanna im nd did u make skype
How Much Are The V.I.P Tickets?
It seems like I always ruin things.
We'll be opening at 10am on Sunday -- stop in and see us while you're at the South Side Irish St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Can't stand black ice, went tits up earlier
get in line for the Brett Favre movie at Monona Terrace right now!
wow i dont understand how you have OH SOO many Haters cus honestly you seem like A TOTALLY RAD dude(:
There are few things worse than spending a night in a hotel room with your parents. My second worst version of hell.
Quote of the day: "Greatness is not given." - Barack Obama
well im outta here bout to roll over and snuggle on my sexy ass boo.what a blessed valentines i hope everybodys is as good as mine.one love.
what grade are you in?
:-) Better to type 90mph than try to drive that fast! Thanks so much for RT.
My mistake. RT : your tweet said 'loss to Bruins'
Aw, man, I am really looking forward to a little vacay. Maybe I'll even put a little dent in my 'to-read' list on !
Good win for the bruins
I reside in Big Blue country, but my heart beloings to the Niners.
haven't seen one wearing channel or gucci. Lol
NewMexicoUpdate thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
The only thing keeping me cool right now is the breeze that surprisingly is still cool but Im just waiting on it to become a blow dryer
I forgive people for the reason that I still want them in my life.
A smile is the best curve on a woman! There is no better compliment than leaving a smile on someone's face even after you've walked away...
This weather is fucked up. Pissing me off
Had one hell of a series against UWO. #d3baseball RT : Congratulations to the Pioneers' Trevor Kattre on being named WIAC POTW.
I'M GOING TO KILL NBC.
did you take my phillies P magnet?
#Elementary #SchoolMemories Getting in trouble for using the word "sexy" -_-
just lite this breakfast blunt ..... good morning world
??? English please xx
I'm going to drink wet cement and get really stoned.
Totally agree. I was hoping they'd hire a GM first before a coach when Shanny was fired. Need a player evaluation upgrade
"O, Fairest of the Rural Maids" stood out to me, too. We're hoping to add annotation to the first issue soon.
followed back.(:
Have a safe and happy Halloween!
Turns out my twitter didnt actually send most my replies the last few days. Awesome. So apologies if I didnt get back to anyone!
i have to do halloween costumes today,a libguide, pick new tile for my deck,go to the market,do laundry.. a book a day? how? :-)
what happened?! Text me
#fb Weird dream: driving on the wrong side of the road, got pulled over, desperately pleading with a Scot officer. "Me stupid American!" :/
The Business Book Club meets tomorrow @ 6 p.m. @ Green Valley Lib & will discuss "Blind Spots: 10 Business Myths" by Alexandra Levit.
this girl thinks my dick is going in her
hi Phi man ep 10 had me in tears at the end. how are u? Im doing good
Obviously not the part where all the band sites are on Drupal. The move to Drupal Gardens/SaaS opens up a lot of possibilites.
You cannot make people care about you, love you or be in your corner no matter what's going on.....and that's ok too.
Very kind of you to say and I'm really happy that you enjoyed it!
Slow down, this night's the perfect shade of dark blue <3
Just blew up the Legs!! Feel like Quadzilla now!
hello and u are welcome :) how is your day?
I know she wasnt a Mahomie but please RT this #RIPMaryDirectioner she commited suicide today! Please show your respect! <3
he he he. How do you really feel about it?? ;)
My mom may not realize we've had the same conversation 3 times in 10 minutes, but she knows who I am & loves when I call.
Sadly Edmodocon2012 is on a day I'll be traveling. I was hoping to submit a proposal but won't be able to make it. :-(
Senate Judiciary Committee has OK'd Monroe County DA Mike Green for federal bench.
kick. so the first time in my adult time that i work that i ever got a xmas bonus they were nice enough to garnish it. merry freaking xmas
do you ever use the neti pot or do sinus rinses? They help tremendously.
Music Business class today! Turning in my contract assignment. I think it turned out really good. :)
Uh meant hello Coco!
Thank God Regis & Kathy Lee is on in the jury lounge.
#Headstones can safely be cleaned using plain water & soft brushes (not wire); you can also use D2, which is safe for stones.
awww you are sweet too. :)
We won $2! Let's see... split 4 ways... hm I could get an ounce of olo.
because of you
iTS ALWAYS DA WHiTE BiTCHES iN DA MOViE TO MAKE A STOoPID ASS MOVE LOL
Ouch...over did the booty work outs this week!!!
most grocery store olive bars now carry them. bright red.. spicy and sweet. I adore them!
He is my guilty pleasure, I hope I'm his...
: Enjoyed exquisite late night repast, perfectly executed cucina del mare 's Marea
Speak with meaning and truth
that's spot on!
the stars spell out your name, like in a science fiction novel ;););)
Based on design aesthetic? Not the brand? That's like picking 1 song as your all time favorite!
(a tad late but) GO TURQOISE BEACHEZ!
Hey Simon! Thank you for including me in your Austin Daily! Hope you're doing great.
Ever considered using a call-center service for your dance or fitness studio? We'd love to hear why you have or have not gone for it.
A body can't run on sugar alone ... caffeine is a must ...
LOL I own those and was jokingly considering bringing one to SF ;)
Power back on at 2am. 11 hours in the dark. Never seen it before that scale
Getting ready to watch the
Thinkin about doin some fishing tonight
Another wild-card in the Peyton Manning sweepstakes, HBO's 'Hard Knocks' & NFL Films still mulling possible teams. #BOOM!
What if Wikipedia goes dark and no one notices? Is there an authoritative source to verify it happened or do we just believe anyone?
I hope so. Moved here 3 years ago and would love to see Cleveland do well.
New Video: Violet Mary "Whiskey Drinking Woman" at the 2011 Fairport Music and Food Festival
Keep your Shining Armor, I like mine in Turnout Gear :)
thank you jonny boy
>>>Especially, my mom:). Y'all ladies don't get enough credit for all you do & put up with. Aka ~Fresh~Young CEO
what's on tap? I'd prefer a Belgian white please.
SAN FRAN where's the bridge?
Legs are so sore from getting in touch with my loosyanna roots to the Zydeco band last night
had an awesome first day at the Ohio Historical Society.
did you go to that google plus thing?
hopefully saturday night ill be alert and have sunday off. pray for it
Falling a sleep while trying to write a 10 page paper.. i think its time for 5 hour energy drink
That's sick. Fulltone pedals are amazing.
Why ? Cause she cause she got that BOOMERANG pussy !
hope all is well brother...big fan here on east coast, keep telling it like it is
That woman that came on the mic to tell us to wait longer is such a tease!
great news!
Take A Picture Or Something .
has two new books, yummy food, and fabulous company for Movie in the Park tonight. :)
LIVE NY HOUSING SPECIAL: get a HOUSE for the price of subletting a bedroom in NYC and have fun with Eddy Murphy in your neighborhood.
really excited :)Follow me <3
That awkward moment when you've already said your goodbyes, and then the elevator doors take forever to open.
haha! I look forward to meeting him someday. :)
Me and my bffl broke her closet shelf by sitting on it me and her both feel fat now! Hehe
lmao ! That's funny did you say anything to him?
Anyone need 1 ticket to the Denver Burger Battle tonight?
thanks for the shoutout's everyone! hoping the result goes our way this weekend.. it's a massive one!
- iWon't Ever Forget What We Had, Even if were not together. i love you.<U+2661>
Health/safety issues should be covered during orientation in traditional AND non-traditional spots
and I thought it was just me! Sometimes I try not to care.
(cont) get it?
Wat up twitters!!!!!!
thank you kind sir
worked this time! The never ending mysteries of the cyber world. Thanks.
Just lookin out for ya broski. Only the good die young, but only the young die good. Fuck dying at 90, I'll live when I'm 20.
Favorite Superbowl commercial?
Yes! RT : Way to pull it out Brewers!
gameESC.com is not available at the moment. Maybe all the excitement about Ghostbusters caused our host's, IPower, machines to explode.
do we know yet if Ringer was renewed?
i have a complaint to make. on the back of your BOP issue for june/july it says "16-year-old Cody" im sorry but he is 15.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil. ~ Marcus Aurelius
I think I'm going to create a list of rules that one must abide by in my personal space...break a rule, pay a fine.
Eating or drinking before you go to bed disrupts sleep. Especially alcohol.
In 2007 MD G.A. approved 15,000 slot machines at 5 locations; adding a 6th (PG) location would not increase the overall number of machines
Im not the best on the mic but i can give a good show write good lyrics and perform with great energy ...iamdroid
You can never be happy as someone's other half, unless you can be happy as a whole all on your own.
Finished 's Ready to Launch...it's a must read. Straightforward yet full of personality. Crosby, you truly inspire me!
there were walkways and lockers where the cafe seating area is now... Smh. I miss that ODU. *pours out liquor*
haha! We were talking about that master p video today, its a perfect song for a slam dunk contest.
C'mon everybody! Lets get to 200k :-)
So the common thread appears to be that they are both Christians.
on my other account look who I'm talkin to besides you
Personally, I've never cared for it. But then again it's a Shounen manga series and I usually read Shojo.
Weekend, why did you take so long to get here?
im currently dealing with it and taking it day by day...like a real man :-)
good stuff. Thanks!
Ready to play some golf in this beautiful weather! Check out this weekend's tournaments on our website at www.gocmn.org
Thanks, , for following. Did U see La Traviata at Met Sat? What did U think of set?
any good nduja recipes?
I get my brother back today! Well, one of them. we
“: In the German army, heterosexual and homosexual soldiers are legally free to have sex with each other!” -
What a great day. :)
and your research assignment was submitted with plenty of time to spare!
-- might be interesting to compare with java 7's new FS api as well as compare with apache commons' VFS.
Martha isnt home,time for party :p
what?! Lol how?
Well the Dbacks are gettin Killed
I'll call u after my practice.
Thanks for mentioning the The Trip on the podcast. It great, I wish there were more episodes!
Per "Language is in the contracts to prevent companies from sending jobs from contracts to other countries."
the Philly Olympic tri on June 24th! I need LOTS of help actually, haha
Springfield, MO and , we have arrived!
I like "Elisabeth's bus." The E Bus. The E Train. Liz Lift.
"Oh, mirror in the sky - What is love? Can the child within my heart rise above?" ::fleetwood mac::landslide::
The #FAU commit, Esteban Puerta draws a walk to load the bases for American Heritage in the bottom of the fifth. Pompano Beach leads 3-1
If it wasn't for Verlander, the #tigers would be undefeated still. Trade him for prospects!
Listening to Boys II Men and I immediate thought of
Thanks, ! We hope that you can join us for the action
Can't wait 4 February's event!
the father is
Don't suffer alone there are cash buyers out there looking to invest and help people move on in their lives. Contact me for information
If you're trying to score, you should #1 buy her that drink you promised & #2 remember her effing name, dumbo! You just blew it with Minnie!
happy birthday!!!
Don't forget the is open tonight! Let us deliver you your McDonalds, Taco Bell, etc...to your door! 765-209-4070
RT : 10. Their identity is more blurry 11. They are very stressed out
Not yet but I hope so.
Stanton is a beast...pure beast.
Thinking.... I can't do what I'm wanting to do just can't
no problem, are you up to anything exciting today?
Gonna watch all the twilight movies with munchies & cokeC:
It's absence/presence of wheel that is interesting to me, & how habitual learning might happen based on that
Just got to watch my niece's dance competition online. Not quite as good as being there but love that I can watch from CA. More tomorrow.
When people go to the movies just to make out, i dont know about you but i paid 8$ so ima watch this movie!
The firm resolve of a determined soul.
did u and jay break up?
He always leaves me with a smile #sohappy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
hoping to raise around $7000 thanks to & and all our donors!
#WinWinSituation the new Trend
n is my muthafuckin niggas I swear....
Commission votes to adopt final Congressional district map.
Sunday can't get here quick enough ! I need it !
Dear women of all races & persons of color I hope you realize that being against equal rights for Gays, and Lesbians is bigotry
who you like in the players this weekend
Looking for time tracking and project management software for the team 6 people, track time, job #s, etc. Base Camp? What else?
“: I swear I haven't been crying... it's my allergies. #bratproblems” #biggestlieever how many times have I said that
It's so MF hot in my room right now.
no she's not here
Like I said, this is going to be a game of bad ref calls.
if you really want to go, ill spot you until you get paid.... this is the best way to see craig (acoustic and playing so ...
I got a weekend deal! Duct cleaning, santizer, water heater sevice, electrical inspection all for $475 ask me how to save another $25
Do you need air purification we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
we are working on getting a new version of MyDateIsHere (MDIH) new version
Its a beautiful day #Denver! What does your day hold for you?
S/O to #FWM we moving
Come in Halloween costume today's 5:00 show of MetroStage's "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) and get $10 Off the normal ticket price
Well hello Susan...how are you?
huh interesting ... I'm watching TV, just posted interesting to b watching when recently unemployed...
getting ready to be making #sandwiches down at LeVerdes on MIT's campus. Who's
Chef Daniel Boulud sues over trademark infringement - New York Daily News
yay! How is it going? Bring home lots of pretty food pics!
Don’t settle for anybody, just so you can have somebody. Be patient
it's proven by science and countless social experiments.
i cant sleep D:
interesting, thanks for passing this along.
#ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction Danny is never on a bed. Always the couch. Lol
Spend a lot of time speaking to buyers face to face. You'd be amazed what number of companies don't listen to their buyers.
Oh yes! RT : Lavender Epsom salt bath......THE BEST!
5most important days in a girls life are birth, first date, sweet 16, senior prom and wedding
Presentations starting on #buildmadison projects at
could be time for peace too. Word
I'll be in NJ in June. Let's hook up and party.
you have 2 left hands
wow what a night u had. And is that a Hitachi magic wand there I see there on the corner?
melting bday cake
Old school! You ever play Diablo?! - Alex G.
A stranger should always give another 100% respect, the other then decides what to do with it.
eh. I'll let it be known. Book club Monday for the first book has a "pleasure party" theme. It's gonna be hysterical. ;)
I am going! MT : Join Madison Social Media Club #madisonsmc for our #Meet&Greet for Board Members. May 1 6 - 8 pm at Wandos.
down & out- dedication
no clue. I know I love Stubbs as a CF, and still believe in his power/speed/defense combo
I have to just get sleep and be alone. My mind runs a mile a minute about trina. I love you sis
"Our life is made by the death of others." -Leonardo Da Vinci
CHICO'S ANGELS in San Diego.....our last weekend!
Countin down!!!!!!! #cannotwait “: Can't wait to see again!”
Happy birthday! Enjoy the cruise. Tell Greg and Stacy I said, "What up." I'm sorry they didn't get a better chef than Jason.
Looking forward to being a part of the professional development today for the Enjoy helping all student-athletes achieve dreams.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. ~ Frank Sinatra
Agree to disagree, Mr. Martin. I do believe there was some boosting involved.
Gretchen denies her lip injections, but I don't believe her.
Now that I think about it, my life is boring! Home, church, HEB. Those are basically the places I go to
r u probably goin back to wwe or retiring.
also special after party invite for lovely people like you that mention slake on twitter between now and saturday.
Hell everyone would! Well atleast mostly the ppl who actually really love Vinny and them
What up UBeezy! Congrats on the 4year Chi annivesary!!!
Self pity is our worst enemy and if we yield to it, we can never do anything wise in the world. - Helen Keller
How about them fuckin red sox!!! f the yankees!!! Haha shouts to
I think so - lol - RT : "I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult." - Rita Rudner
Just found out there's a model out there that has my name.I wana meet her, she sounds cool.Anywy criss Have a great nite! luv u
What up, u intergalactic funkateer? Today is Clyde Stubblefield's b-day. Give him a twitter shout out.
LMAO weirdo's!! It's prolly ur cute name!! ;)
(C) to switch me? Wow. Not cool. I actually was starting to feel more confident about myself but I know going to that sschool is going (c)
Lunch on Tuesday? I can come there or you can come here? I'm friend with Xavier so I wouldn't mind saying hi :)
Currently listening to 's piece on about bass music culture
It's ai'ight.
have you thought of the corson building in Georgetown? It's a little different
How many of those 20 mil Google+ 'users' are going to be gmail users that try it out once and then become largely inactive?
congrats to the winners of Indie City awards!!!
Could everyone that uses the word "retard", or makes fun of disabled ppl or children pls raise your hand so I can go ahead and unfollow now?
Hey, sorry for the problems, we're seeing them on our end too, and working on a fix.
RT : Client Profiles to be 'Business of the Game' tonight at Turner Field! Go Braves!
Idk why u are such a bitch in the morning.. Jst leave the house already
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Christian Community Credit Union
bahahahaha! I need some money to do my pageants!
It's going to be awesome!
My maxim for life: I<U+FFFD>m responsible for my happiness and you yours
True. But at least you have options.
I know your heart's in the right place.
I haven't torrented anything in forever.
Indy needs startups focused on innovation and creating new products, not creating low-skill, marginal "tech" jobs
-!~.!. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
thank you love
You're in luck because turds is a word, according to Twitter, and I will continue to tweet at you. So there.
Fantastic meeting with and Get ready for the student section next year fanatics
what part of cali do you live in?
I lost 15 pounds on the photoshop diet
Okay, I don't understand girls.
#WhitneyHouston RIP I still cannot believe this!
I love that point... But also, it may be hard to really understand it without learning to code! or maybe zen calligraphy
I was crying so much and was raping the repeat button! Di crying had me in tears even moe! Can't believe its happening! :O
On the Detroit Free Press, the Detroit Lions are supposed to go 9-7 this year. One of the losses is to the Raiders. Ya right, we going 10-6.
Just watched kill a bug so large it's next step in growth was to take over the world.
In 1981, Pope John Paul II was shot and seriously wounded in St. Peter's Square by Turkish assailant Mehmet Ali Agca
Not just A thing, but THE thing. Yeah, I'm old, too. RT : Remember when ICQ was a thing? I feel so old.
This room is hot as hell go for one of our old home made ice packs right about now #goodlooks<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
LOVE IT! The new rookie contract limits are making this a real event!
like, the first thing i thought when i saw you was: "is he as cute as he is in his pictures?" lol. :p
come see me tonight at the Raccoon lodge in SW Portand. Tell the hostess to send me your way.
I'm on my way to find you.
LIVE FROM THE "ORCA"!
he tweeted he landed in new york
what's your youtube name?
I've been playing around w/ #googlemusic - 1st I thought I couldn't find the download button because I was having a brain fart. Nope...
My Teacher Was Eating Gold Fish and It Remember Me Of (;
that should change! And thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
on mine, as well
That 5 year plan she outlines depicts that she really does have an infantile faith in neo-liberal markets.
me too!
Hey! Thanks for listening!! :)
Scared in a "literal" sense?
Leaving Austin. Great weekend. Thanks
If there is a finer vegetarian restaurant in the US than Himal Chuli in Madison WI...
hehe...my goal is to be at 4 miles again by the end of the month
A nontweeter's proposed tweet: 'Still nervous & using humor to paper over a sense of oblivion.'-D. Guion (Seems like he'd fit right in, eh?)
What a beautiful morning God has given us on Mothers Day. Sunday, May 13 is gorgeous! Now stop reading this & go say, "I Love You Mom!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
Lol I choked at your tweet. lol nigga you are too funny. Oops I meant cute.
wish it wasn't raining so i can go for a run.
mine is smooth criminal by michael jackson
I actually moved my vacation next week to cover DWTS.
Sending Extra Extra Love 2 You .. I Hope it will cancel out the weird masochistic vibe those crazy dudes Send WTF SMH ..
Gosh... This sucks..
About 2 go 2 Nike Outlet & see if I can get a deal on all the ugly clearance shorts & shirts. Loving the fact
Will do. Keep up the stellar work! RT glad you like our ! If you have any board ideas - let me know! :)
can't wait until March 3rd. Hopefully she doesn't snap your arm off
Catch me by Demi lovato describes my emotions perfectly right now <3
k mine is the same as my twitter name!
You know one thing I like about camara phones. It always show proof of what you are doing that day or point of time. Without it, then what?
Blood, sweat, and point made...
RT : Keep both hands free to catch some beads, the parade is making its way down 5th at #SDMardiGras!
thanks for the RT - wish I could take credit for it :) Miss you.
Bartenders are nothing but a but a bunch of sado-masichists.
Im aint really in to frugs but fuck it.. im gonna take a trip and love it. <3PINK<3
on Demi's facebook page! :)
Enjoying the great Valentine's Day weather here in San Diego? Get ready for a change. Looks like rain starting Wednesday.
Do you want to feel slimmer before Xmas? Sudatonic Infrared Slimming and Toning body wraps only $50 until New Years!
Thanks! I just found from you!
I think I probably agree with that statement regardless the level of overratedness you think likeability has.
You know I speak the truth and nuthin' but it
#BasicEconomics - A seller of a product/service can only charge what a buyer is willing to pay.
Where the hell you been at I hit you on voxer but I ain't get no reply
Oh no! Lost the live feed. Can't get back on. Server over capacity! I guess that's good! Lots of people watching!
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa.
hahahha no way not what i totally meant hahah gross!
Rockies are finally going to win their first road series of the year in Pittsburgh this weekend - mark it down! 3 in a row...
It's Friday!
: Hi Mommy, love you!!!
Happy Founders Day to All My Sorors of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. Much Love and Many Blessings!!!
#HAF know what it is
Thanks for the RTs, and Happy Friday to you!
Correction! This director will be getting NO sleep! -JO
And then these guys think its funny to mess with me right now
Your #garden is calling you - don't let it go to
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.<3
Congrats to the #NYRangers on an INSANE win!! Big Shout to & The whole Bounce Sporting Club fam was there!
Come to see us. We have our special on pizzas on Sundays It is a great Wine bar in downtown Chicago!
A Narcissus does not fall in love with his reflection because it is beautiful, but because it is his^.^
Hate being unemployed been here in the state of washington for a year and nothing
Don't believe that the weather is perfect the day that you die
These Refs is sum bitches too
going to a movie screening, but it will be waiting for me on my DVR. :)
At the mall with
Waiting sux...10 more minutes til I get stabbed multiple times...
NEvEr! StYing with a virgin!again!only play depressing music!i cant help but call virgins out!!put them all one island!!
but we're due for a retrace in my opinion
Just saw Bruno. At least 5 people walked out. I thought it wasn't as bad as I expected.
Mark Hoverson Rocks! Wow!
Totally got myself today. Looking for a Capital Investment Project I found the "Buy Sweet Thing Initiative". +1 2010 Kevin.
Time 4 us to stop being selfish and focus on making the world a better place as a whole! Lifes too short
if this is how the brewers whole year goes its gonna be exciting, stressful, and probably but hopefully not disappointing
this space soon to be taken over by drupal, php, mysql, myhead. need to make donuts.
happy Easter to the cutest boy in the world (: love you<3
No don't cut ahahahaaaaaa
I love you just please follow me and tweet me I will DM you something that will make you go crazy! (;
Are you there, ? It's me, God-- Margaret.
We are Rollin Wit daRoux...can we roll through NOW( 15 min)
i mean kings. goal. boom.
Sandwich is a very mis-labeled town. The antique stores don't sell antiques and there's nothing general about the general store.
fuck sophomore conversation!
Disco will always live!!!!!!
Poor guy was only "10" away from the first 50 .. ;)
Good morning btw
lol how they are all fake
I kind of wish it was the shoes. That's way more fixable than the brokenness of my post-pregnancy body. LOL
Flyin in tomorrow. I'll hit ya up.
Reppin two gangs and shit y'all Hilarious. It's all or none either you are or you not.
": Sanging "Where U At, Where U at" #Waving" RT: At work, surfing the internet! Shhhhh Dont tell anybody!! Lololol
I'm completely confused by the Survivor "One World" promo. Have no clue what next season is supposed to be about.
Seated and tweeted Chez Billy, where the staff so far gets an A for enthusiasm and a desire to accommodate.
RT : Flavors of the Day for Monday, December 21: Mr Fudgie & Kona Coco Mac --> C'mon you know you want to stop by : )
Area around El Cajon blvd and 70th has the highest percentage of guys walking small dogs I have noticed. What up with that?
Dallas is my New York
April Treasure boxes available this week only through 4/11 great way to stock up on groceries w/ on a budget www.thetreasurebox.org
I'm supposed to Represent!
Looking forward to yet another weekend out of town. This summer has been nothing but and I'm so happy to be home!
Thatsucks. How far behind are they playing?
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the stars refuse to shine.
860 Million: Total number of hours served by AmeriCorps members.
feeling like i have no close friends anymore.
Can any #NCTE12 attendees recall the name of computer program to help tchrs grade papers that was presented in Chicago?
That looks amazing!
Waking up tired <
The regents have just voted to recommend Marc Johnson to be the next President of UNR.
We sounded amazing tonight at practice. Can't wait to show everyone :D Get your friends to like us on facebook, we need your help!!!
Bitch I know you love this life
Will you be $15K richer today? Find out as we pick the winners of our 2nd early bird drawing! #DreamHouseRaffle YAY!
standing for children and young adults having the right to be heard and broadcast media across the planet.
Congrats on bring selected in 5th by Falcons! Huge accomplishment for a FB! Konz and Ewing Falcons.
And #Bestie weekend begins now with :D
Microsoft named their database product after the language, which causes this sort of who's-on-first confusion all the time.
Making the Party Guide on my bday just feels so right. Let’s party #SanDiego!
Anyone up for brunch?
RT : Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. Joyce Brothers
good afternoon!
Check out the new pictures of the absolutely stunning Katie Stephens! Let me know what you think :)
Little anita's! M
Today in Invention History: Ester Kiefer patents ornamental paper, 1931.
Picking up Mt Laurel Chief then on the way 2DC.
confirmed read ladies man: how to get the girl in 2003
thank you so much! we <3 you
#SweetNightmares talk to you tomorrow :) !*)
creepers be creepin
I'm changing my damn attitude cus I don't fucking care anymore. Imma be me and speak my damn mind. Idfc if u don't like it. Fuck you.
Totally agree. Clothbound is one of my faves!!
Was that the Big Top show? That must have been amazing.
I'm so mentally drained...2 more days until my vacation begins!! I need some ME-time...
RT : (insert your name) get up!!!!
God allowing me to wake up healthy and in my right mind!
we often don't recommend gmail to customers bc it requires text or call verification when signing up & they often don't have a cell
Omg is on her way to my house
so freaking ready for this weekend. #bealestreet!!
Dang. Fucking talk about something meaningful for once.
Come to BSU #DonationDays if you have anything to get rid off. We're on Riverside + New York. Fiji House and TIS.
The deadline for Montreal is March 11th The deadline for LA is March 16th The deadline for London is April 1st HURRY AND APPLY NOW! :)
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. Henry J. Kaiser
Today's NY Times crossword: Here's to you, Norbert Pearlroth, wherever you are. And happy birthday to the New York Public Library.
yee she keeps telling you guys like her and want her back.
Let's do it, I feel I should have another one of those get togethers! I only work sundays now so I'm free!
Tip of the day: you can find lots of useful information on the internet.
Yup, that's the one!
I need more caff
Today has finally come #backtoskooljam!! Gonna have a blast with watching !!
should "prank call me " baby (; lol , that would never happen .
Digital learning is critical workforce skill, yet budget provides no direct #edtech funding
You are such a sweetheart! and you have soo much love that spreads to everyone....i hope all is going well for you<3
Glad you found us! :)
They are not called plug-ins. They are out lits.
#np master p - pass me the green
Today's a regular schedule.
Raising funds for a charity is honorable. Just because we consider our show a charity doesn't negate all that effort!
OH MY GOD I FOUND MY WORLD GEOGRAPHY TEACHER ON TWITTER HAHAHAHA THIS IS WHY I LOVE HIM.
thanks for convening such a lively conversation!
“: I imagine their reaction being I this vein: "I'm sorry Tejah, we said orgasm...thats just laughing."” hahaha!!
hey.HEY! Ysleta has standards!
If You Treat Her Like Your GF In PUBLIC !! Why Have Sex With Her Privately ?
Nyan Cat needs to follow mere!
Happy New Year to you!
Persuasive words in my in-box: "rosemary charred Berkshire pork loin."
Laying down to get a little sleep, 1 job down, 2 more to go
“:yeah sure but what do I do?:/
i think ill jump into the pool!!
why only auto-populate @ mentions w/ most 500 recent follows? First follows r closest friends, ones i'm most likely to tweet to
damn that's insane!
Made stealthy ethnographic observations performing w/ Knives last night about aspiring indie rockstars & their instruments.
Im excepting gifts for my bday! Now im not going to tell you what to get me, however I am excepting cash
George Clinton will be performing at the Waterfront this week. Jeremy Piven is said to not be responsible.
I'm cool with that. Probably have to clear it with our defense though...
yeah the video mrs.right is pretty awesommmmeeee!!!!
because the Spurs are AMAZING!!
Now everyone wants to be friends
ESPN has turned this game into a joke with all the Twitter stuff!
Thank You Jacksonville and Surrounding Cities, We Thank You for Once Again enjoying The Jacksonville ATL, This Weekend!
Not Hobson's choice, that's where there's only 1 choice or nothing. As far as no good choice, I dunno!
lolz but on facebook yhu can do a lot more wit yhur freaks. twitter dnt even got music but i love it
aww, tweeting about seeing ur bf for that last time before he goes! Cute! (:
I'm thankful for you too, mainly because I lose all track of the 6 main colors!!
thanks for the ff :))
I think we're doing an 3 box, not a 6 box, no an 8 box. Any movement on your house here?
Thank you so much - all is going well. Prayers appreciated
yeahh that kinda sucks :\
Opening day to support the Tosa Baseball League! Only place the more you eat and drink the more that goes to little league sports!!
when eeveryone get up ima take a shower nd go to sleep
Bought House also... Plenty of shit to keep me distracted!
10/19/2010 Five Boston Tech Companies Looking to Score Big in the New Marketing Game BostInnovation
That sounds beyond delicious! LOVE LOVE their shakes!
Oh I just saw this :'-(
thank u love
aw shit. Can't a guy pretend to be a big deal without being called out? Jeez...
On our Kindles: Bully at Ambush Corner, 11th Hour, Language of Flowers. What are you reading?
": idk how i hate nigga!" U do hard
S/O to , my latest follower
Auto correct pisses me off ; like did I push that letter fuck ass phone .
I believe the Monroe's Ass statue is independent madness.
I just RSVPed to the #SpaceGeeks tweetup. Wanna carpool?
If you think price gouging is immoral, go watch this video: Is Price Gouging Immoral? Should It Be Illegal?
My sister thinks my subtweets are about her.....they are lol
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. Socrates
Adele taking over the stage now!!!!!!
Cheers! RT : Nice job dude! MT : Just finished my first half marathon. Time doesn't matter. Goal - the finish line.
Hey #Bestie Happy Easter:-)
Finally met some of the LibGuides crew at #alamw10. Just as nice & helpful in person as they are over email.
you just gotta let it happen dont fight against the froyo urges, just go with them lol would agree.
bible it's getting better!But before I didn't use it.i only use it with you guys when we gossip and spanishspeaking clients
I really need to make some friends here & fast.
Thank you, Alix. I'm keeping my fingers crossed too!
I would give my used tonsils to or cc:
Plant the seeds now. Make sure social search a year from now will bring the results you want!
the emotion of anger can claim your attention quickly and be the motivator toward reaching higher hights.
not a ton. I wouldn't even put most of it on the phone. I like keeping my music separate.
RT : Follow and stay up to date with #montcopa events
Holy mother of all things PINK! I just won $40 giftcard in one of my fav blogger 's giveaway!
Missed the end of the game!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
When I hit reset on my phone everything is a mess.
Must stop snacking before dinner...but #cheese & marinated artichokes are so damn good right now! With #beer, of course.
remember that time deeTa got dropped on her head at gracies?
Taco Bell??
's Leeds United vs. Fleetwood Mac's Tusk? Both have killer horns parts.
Have a great day of learning and sharing today at #edcampSTL and #edcampChicago :)
heheh you got that one right ......<3
Happy Mothers Day :)
Bought microwave. Broke after two weeks. Been, six weeks, two cancelations and four service calls. Still doesn't work.
Nothing To Do
HEY MARK! :) Thank you for the follow! :)
Thank you UDK for yet another wonderful opportunity!
Cheers to the fuckin' weekend!
RT : Belated thanks for
@ schipulcon, kurt podeszwa @ camp for all, great speaker
what happen?? Lmao
Been helping my second family move all day, good think I've been drinking the last two days. Uh
You can hear explosions in space depending on how close you are standing to them.
True, it hasn't caught on like some of the other platforms, but + Pages were just intro'd in early Nov, so there's time to test!
Okay so who all saw the new WATERPROOF UNIFORMS the #nfl got yesterday made by #nike.... When i get to work I'll tweet you guys a pic
Where is the Blackburnian? I still need a photo.
I don't blame you
Oh thats right! You know my Momma!!!! Thanks for the love Mimi! Im wearing the Chase name proudly as you can see! =)
Flips show tonight! Alright!
we work with Jazz Artist Tamela D'Amico and I wish we were all headed to Midem. Are you going?
Just finished watching letters to Juliet in French class lol :) so cute!!!!
Ever think "Shit, maybe am working too hard?"
im full of good ideas, we shld jump off a cliff today :)
today is birthday so lets try and trend
To the people who run in place at stoplights... Haha
ya I decided that seeing my parents only twice a year doesn't work for me so I'll be back in next 90 days.
good morning Jill :) How is doing?
I be stuck to you like glue baby.
Stdts set up Google preso today,chose 4 American folk tale heroes, chose to represent w/ writing, art, music & voicethread
With the 246th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : James Loney
I heard the average was 46%. So you might make out better when millage gets lowered.
According to ELIAS this is Kobe's worst shooting performance in terms of FG% in a reg season game since the Lakers' loss vs. MEM on 12/20/04
Love this Quote For #parents Stop trying to perfect your child, but keep trying to perfect your relationship with him- Dr. Henker
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror. -Rabindranath Tagore
happy birthday b <U+2665>
- yes I do. That was funny and maybe I will put the mocks away, and the sweater everybody loves!
um I honestly don't know. To many thoughts going through my head haha >.<
“: Ok haters. Cats out of the bag. I'm here for the sox 100th anniversary. Glad to be back and at fenway” shoot me in the face
hes been getting away with that nonsense his whole career. gimme a break
4.1 Black women are Heads of Households v. 972,000 Black men. #did u know?
Fight scene being staged with HOT Latinas! No its not porn-it's LCP!!!
smile it will make you happy :)
Passive Agreesor, aye? I am NOT going to do anything about it, so THERE!
This episode made me cry! It was so touching. You've sealed the deal: you're one of my favorite shows.
Thank god I had class this morning so I didn't have to go in and train at <f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+009A> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's a him, not a her. So Noahette.
Hi, we are a DC-based startup looking to sponsor DC food events. Can we talk?
haha is that good pr bad? Or just freaky cuz you weren't doing that 2 years ago?
Ha. The librarians actually made some of my cakes. We took over the "teen area." ate, talked about The End, diabetes, etc.
Dammit. Now I'm having major Zori feelings again.
that may definitely be one consequence.
Autism tweeps rule! Thanks for
Harris-Perry: In this economy, everyone has problems. The difference for POC is that they're viewed as being THE problem.
Have fun cutie! <3
I wanna go zip lining
Haha! RT I need to go to Lin-ens n things. I need to buy a Lin-dle Fire. I need to go back to NY and visit Long Is-lin.
Be honest. He wont but if Obama offers a plan with even slightest chance of reducing unemployment before election. Would Repubs agree to it?
The org I'm working w/ (Bethesda Help) needs them. Can I pick them up from you?
Amateur Millionaires Club encore airing is on NOW! Lets go ! MYATL TV! on 13 Comcast /36 AT&T
Wanna start working with Pro Tools!!!
Pinterest has nothing to do with Pints..
Looking for tips on putting corporate policies on an LMS. They are about 2 pages of typed text in length. Need to track.
I love you god, thanks for giving me the best mom ever!
So TRUE!!!! RT: I am starting to think that #wiunion and #widems are truly the 1%.
I love the #HungerGames !
"No laughing in the courtroom..."
I just realized something, I work really hard.
Less than a week away from our show at the Rogue, great indie music and lots of free Light Rail stuff, come on out!
Love this: "Storms make oaks take root." I feel like I am thoroughly rooted and ready for the skies to clear. Happy Saturday everyone.
Today i was going to have a lazy day on the sofa in my Pants, but the staff at DFS had other ideas
HII I'm back let's hang out!!
Jam Productions partnering with festival in Somerset, WI this July. Line-up coming Wednesday. Rumors of Jack White, Soundgarden.
How are you feeling tonight? Boo's getting to you yet? : (
I want to travel the world before I die. Who's with me?!!
Happy to help! Pro bono is the wave of future #CSR! RT
Crap. Just hosed my spreadsheet and all that debug work I just did.
I sleep better when I feel you close to me. I feel better when I sleep next to you
Ray Allen.....always a killer in the 4th grrr
Happy Prom! Remember to stop in to the conservatory office to get your portrait photography permit before you shoot your prom pics!
you are so pretty!:)
506 followers .. thank you all so much!
" && it's 2 bare feet on the dashboard, Young love in an old Ford, Cheap shades and a tattoo & a yoohoo bottle on the floorboard..
ugh wish i had a lyfe ! ha .
Q3 How do you personally feel when someone affirms you & says “yes” to you? Explain...
Shower time!
and with the 2nd pick in punked out sports cities, the Seattle Supersonics select the OKC Thunder, it wasn't right, just give um back now
Always favoring my tweets lmao
Stop spaming me
DailyHookahTips#90: Store your #tobacco in an airtight container at room temperature in a cool, dry place.
Don't park your Fisker in your garage. Find a remote field or a spot next to your nearest Fire Station. nobama parks his next to his volt.
RT this if you want to do a twitcam ;) 2
and you call me the bandwagon, let me guess next round Danny Granger is gonna be your boy.
I missed it... GAGSKCNKSXBJSHJSBXJAB
We had two black bear "yearlings"? raid the bird feeders the other night- they ran away when I "shooed" them - wondering where MOM was??
wow! There's some interesting urban farming going on in Mpls, but nothing that I know of quite like Growing Power.
We're talking about the 2012 Toy Fair! What's your favorite toy -- past or present?
Hey twitter heads!
Looks like you have a big lip in in that picture
omg the last time i went to that was when i was 6 ! ah yerr lucky
s/o to the sanford police once again for going #fubar on the # #trayvonmartin case. what a mess! what a tragedy!
any suggestions for introducing and teaching Tone to 11th graders?
Join me today from 10-4 at the Festival of Arts & Crafts at the Lake County Fairgrounds 1060 E. Peterson Rd in Grayslake.
is a winner.....GOOD JOB BLUE
Love the new "Tush Cush" - my new chair on set - that "memory foam" stuff..ahh...Jodi quipped, "Her cushion doesn't want to remember" - nahh
Don't ask a question you already know the answer to.
Happy Thanksgiving from The Collection!
And by the way....do yourself a favor and look up the definition of civil rights. They aren't just about black people.
'Go Trio' session w/Sean Gough & Doug Hirlinger was great! We hit again 2morrow. Will post some sounds soon.
<U+2665> I LOVE THAT STUFF.<U+2665>
Haha that's evil!
Op. Eddie hit 1.1k already. I'm going to be forgotten soon /:
Plays posted today from 130 cappers with 4 CBB consensus and 2 NBA on the Mavs & Pacers .... See ya at the window
if you have time tomorrow cos it's late wanna change my name on here cos this "rorobby" shit is stoopid Haha.
Catching up on my gossip girl
I always go hard when I'm motivated. Gonna try my best to pace myself. I do wanna be able to walk afterwards...lol.
Student loans make me cry.
My tweets r not posting to my fan page
Hi, I'm Andy and I'm confused because I'm wearing a beanie and tank top.
No doubt, biggest win of season for Timbers. Scoreless halftime, 2nd half goal, and hold the lead. Against really good Philly team.
Are you the parent that has to be the "bad guy/girl"? How do you deal with it?
your phone has a good video camera!
So this outburst of energy came from where???? Idk haha
I'm so excited. In I just can't hide it. Lmao
Reg season, yes. But papers and TV stations ramp it up as playoffs advance. They'll miss the 2nd city coverage (and ratings).
Yo no plans
I ain't saying you a gold digger but you ain't messing with no broke racers...
Beebe - more content, add backfiles, digitize public domain books. Add value, not prices
No argument there!
well if u dont like it get the fuck out!!!!
yeah I actually have. Haha. I've been practicing b-ball! (( :
RT : "If information is the currency of democracy, then libraries are its banks." - Wendell H. Ford. It's Nat'l Library Week!
's pancakes for lunch?! I think so!! :)
A few films in the works! And finishing up one film now!
right on, where and when?
What about me??!! RT Anyone else want to do a beach day Saturday afternoon w/ and me?
OMG ur such a Good singer i like u :D
Tired of being tired
Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!
that was a bit rude...just sayin.
What do u think the almighty Shanny will do now
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. -John Ruskin
Miley Cyrus as an American Idol "mentor". Um Fox, contestants aren't female kindergartners.
Over 800 organizers here in Baltimore!!
the fuck is a "doe"...for a celeb yall be using some shitty ass grammar..smh
Saw Butler b-ball coach Brad Stevens at Starbucks this morning. Seemed shorter in real life as opposed to seat in balcony at Hinkle.
Not at our Tel Aviv Beach Party? You should be. performs at 5:30pm, you won't want to miss it
thanks for the great #SocialGrowth webinar!
#Bored...I guess I will take a nap. I can't wait til this weekend!!
Watching the stoning of soraya n eating raspberries. Meds got me drowsy!!
Words may sting, but silence is what breaks the heart...
Thanks Les! Pretty happy about it!
Always absolutely amazing is killing it!
cupcakes; their like heaven wrapped in paper<3
LOL! You are funny!
CLIPPERS BEST BET IS TO TRY AND STEAL GAME 2.
I'd rather be with you, but you are not around. So imma call somebody else and see if they be down.
Great! Getting me all hurried to print them -.-
When professionals or #friends get selfish or needy, it always sets the stage for trouble. Think right. Do right. Period.
Lead me by your truth and teach me, for you are the God who saves me. All day long I put my hope in you. Psalm 25:5
Lol its my 2 favorite teams with 4 of my top 5 favorite players you can't ask me to choose sides lol
hahaha yeah it'll be comedy though regardless.
Sometimes I just apply for jobs that'll never happen for me logically, because the universe loves a dare. And HR loves a laugh.
This week, I get my jaw unwired, get my hair cut and finally see all my friends after a month-long exile. I don't think I'm ready :/
excited 4 your new season 2nite love that u share your gift & give grieving hearts peace would love 2 c u! #<3mymom
I'm working on a new TV show/youth dvpt program & was wondering how I could get a write up from the Patch, plz guide me!
You are a classy guy Eddie, I wish you greatness 14 weeks a year.
looks like a Ferengi from Star Trek.
take pictures
nothing online yet, but most of my songs are in the key of G or E if that helps!
Talent alone cannot make a writer. There must be a man behind the book. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hope your students have done well in admissions this year!
Why does 96.7 and 97.5 play the exact same songs? The radio is soo annoying!
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: If you really want to do something, you will find a way, if you don't, you will find an excuse.
It's a shame your liver can't take context into account.
Wish I could watch Darjeeling Limited right now. So much beauty to inspire my slumbering thoughts.
oh ya check ya dm
The Lincoln Tunnel we meet again.
Just want to go to sleep, but this game is too good...
I can't stop these spam emails about rap-rock musicians updating their résumés. I wish I never signed up for LinkedIn Park.
"We need a fresh approach." Mary Burke, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
“: #ThatFeelingYouGetWhen you fart and a lil bit of shit comes out”how exactly does that feel? Be honest with us, brain...
thanks for liking Marie
you hashtag #Zach?
PHP would benefit immensely from a logo redesign.
Living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life
Good morning, handsome. :)
Santee city council gives kudos to Santana Sultans football team on their CIF champion runner-up season...
it's the best feeling! :P I always seem to have like 3 shows REALLY close together and then nothing for months
things will get better. I know it's hard but you can do it! You're strong. You're not better off dead
Impossible not to love Conan's monologues sticking it to NBC.
Have a marvelous Monday!
Timmy does it again....
We agree. Transit Not Tolls!
there is no way you are 44 you look much younger !!!!!
No, trivia is on Tuesday.
So fucking glad #Community is getting a fourth season, even if it's a short one.
4 years ago i got shot! went in one way and came out the other! #blessed!
I should know better :/
Excited to enjoy the culinary talents of private chef at our Kickoff Event. Join us on Monday and eat like a Pacer!
Lebron represents everything wrong, he makes me sick. Effing lay off teachers, while these assholes make millions.
Congratulations to Ana and Don Cleveland, recipients of the Medical Library Association's 2010 Ida and George Elliot Prize!
If you pray on the weak to survive you are a bully, but only the strong survive so don't be a
I follow first 25 people to follow hurry
Watching the 'Wood'
that's good (:
If a tree falls in the forest, away from internet access, and you can't tweet about it, did it really happen?
yup yup! But funfetti cake is always a good treat lol :P
why stress
Murder bag
it is only the 7th inning...
#dsoc #slaleads hard times - the time to stregthen relationships, not hunker down - Janice
Thanks for the RT!
Thad Jones & Coleman Hawkins.
Your opinion wasn't an integral part of the invitation selection process?!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The best mind-altering drug is truth." ~Lily Tomlin
Did you get it fixed?
Admit it when we were little, "I'm going to tell your mom!" was the scariest sentence ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
u r beautiful
Fuck a duck
Top 5 things on my bucket list: -wrestle a bear -wrestle Dolly Parton -own a midget -kick a baby -be featured on a herpes commercial
Hal Harrison Is Awesome !!!
I wake up at 5am to finish hw because I'm a loser
Don't you just hate it when a fat oompa loompa runs away from willy wanka and gets pregnant?
Give me gum gum ! Dumb dumb !
Sunshine & Chrome Rims...Perfect Combination!!Hahaaaaa
This weather couldn't suck anymore donkey dick! Wtf man
You sound like me—the only trouble is storing them!
My injuries don't hurt until I realize I have them...
Service in the cause of humanity belongs naturally to women. We cannot take the sword to defend the right; we must aid by holier means(1856)
Meditating on the mechanics of truth & honesty, & acting upon the art of automobile maintenance so I can go with the flow & move forward.
Come on in! RT : We should do lunch at the in Santa Monica or Brentwood. I bet we would have a blast.
Some places saw high winds, knocking down several tree limbs. Video at 11 on
Flight of the Conchords is coming to Overture Hall in April. Tix onsale this Saturday and will sell out almost instantaneously. Hustle! :-)
just sit topless!!! LOL
Treme may be an acquired taste, but it's worth it. Catch up with the character's development, and dig the music.
Australian Kiss: Just like a French Kiss- but "down under"
Mariah Carey is like twice Justin Bieber's age... this is the most awkward duet in history.
How to use your flex spend acct for #Acupuncture ://us1.campaign-archive2.com/?u=67da29aab79474b4c34ea3a3b&id=f94e872051&e=3431abdfbf
And when calls are not of decent quality over public WiFi, what can I do?
The promotion of the "need" for the church, the political invention of the confessional, etc. The promise of an afterlife & puns about it.
Looking forward to awesome trip to DMV. Hear Algiers in the fastest?
bet. Yall on the hills in stuff?
thanks for the follow! You check us out yet!?
I have my fb, twitter & linked in linked 2gether
Do not forget to check out the GIS Smart Grid Blog
jesus. I live them too but the set lists aren't THAT much different. AC was enough for me last year
HAHAH NO!!! cassie donahue I know we had a ton more pictures than what you have on fb
haha, okay god.
Baja Fresh in La Crescenta is a dirty mess! And slow...
RT Just finished watching Springsteen live in London. The festival crowd was.............unimpressed. No reason to be
Talking 2 the kids, visiting w/ my oldest friend, dining and dancing w/ new friends, sharing the open space w/ the ducks... A great weekend!
Thanks for the RT!
Sean, are you participating? :)
Lol I forgot you tweeted this!!! Gosh I love you girl RT : Out with the famous where is
Did I seriously get a demerit today for drinking water during school assembly? Gotta love private school.
I used to use Firework a lot for wireframes, but then switch to InDesign, but them went to hand sketching, Balsalmic, or axure.
Ops...Todd Park at health care, not Peter. Dang it #mistake, #HHS . He's fabulous, even if I don't know his name.
It's Thursday. Time to jump-start your weekend. Lots of cool things happening in Indy today/ tonight. Stay posted. Tweet tips
I want her and Zayn back together! It's all about Geneva not Perrie! I'll be MUCH Happier if Geneva and, Zayn did go back :)
I just really don't wanna do this psych paper.
Loving the & #Siri commercials. Smart casting #Apple!
WTF! frank -_- read what i just sent you !
look at you having more followers than following
awesome! Great song choices.
COME CHECK OUT THE REMODEL!!!! COME CELEBRATE THE GRAND OPENING WITH US!!!!!!!!
dude don't know or care about all the hate u get, but u rock.. Enjoy some bird....
Good Q. Hey, , where is the mag available in Central Texas?
Time to start planning the week...
Don't work too hard!!
If you wait until all the lights are "green" before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top. - Zig Ziglar
haha i'm ok with that fact. that movie and those girls were outrageous!
Braverman. Sarah, preferably.
totally agree my friend. More offerings of grace and you get more understanding and forgiveness.
#ivealwayswantedto think something into existence
If I make it that far I'll come back for you!
Cute icon.
Hell YEAH!!! I got good news and I'm gamer satisfied :) Can't do it every night but it was fun LAST NIGHT! HA!!
Is it like a creative thing? If so pretend you are a flapper in the 1920s... Is that allowed? Do you know what a flapper is?
Recognizing your wife on Mothers Day...Now THAT's a "defense of marriage act" I support. (No more rookie mistakes for me!)
Steady fight my sleep. Then I bitch about being raccoon faced. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Looking to get into music business? Are u Smart, personable & reliable? Avail a fair amount of Thurs-Sun? email asap!
can you send me email
Happy Mother's day tomorrow to all my favorite moms. you know who you are.
I ate my weight in junk food today. Ugh.
BBQ place here has something called the "4-Boner" on the menu. Submitted w/o comment.
barely beat a bunch of nerds, good luck
Had to look that up. Is this consistent with yesmen antics? Still don't get it.
Where dem bad bitches at
Patrick Lalime would be proud of Brian Elliott's performance in the Semifinals
ah she Lola just like you
#oomf is a dick
haha. Sounds legit bro. I'm sure Scott can use some of his connections at BYU to get us some interviews. Title: Jimmer'd?
The Avengers was stellar however I still think TDKR will cater more to me. I'm a Batman kid. Still great work here by all. Hat tip Whedon!
someone figured out emoticons<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
"The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards Justice." ~ Dr. #MartinLutherKing, Jr.
Soda's are sugar water and so are most juices so try and stick to drinking water. It's the best thing for you and it's not empty calories
RT : Congratulations to on his Spot News photo award with the NY Press Club!
Avengers was AWESOME. But now I want to play Galaga and eat shawarma.
At pho 36 in #avon. Awesome service and the pho is delicious.
"[K&M] thoroughly explained the options that were offered and what it would cost. Professional & knowledgeable." - Rose, first time customer
My new phone was so fast and then i started downloading apps.... v. excited, anyway!
Saw roughcut of 9 minutes. Awesome! It's tricky being in a film you direct. How do you do it? You have to have helpful eyes out there.
Will be doing lots of #FF's today :)
'Like' if you listen to Falling in Reverse. I need to know how many people there are before I post the link. -Sara
Eric Sims:"The elevator to recovery is out of order, you'll have to take the stairs, one step at a time."
I bet a good chunk went to her shoe collection.
love the phrase, "lonely and talented." that's a poem waiting to happen. Good luck from Austin
AH, TELL HER I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAAY (:
Kobe vs Japan....all we need is Godzilla to show up now, let's see what's up fellas
just gotta do what you gotta
Morning sex is the best way to start your day !
True.... so I'm really bored right now...
um just at the crib board dats all....
you know you were thinking it:))
From what I can tell, the movie's gonna be about a little boy with no dad who wants to be a superhero. So, same thing.
The one thing that irritates me is when some guy thinks he's good enough for my best friend. Your not! Your a jerk, so get the heck away!
Wondering how can look so pretty in every picture shes in!
When some is lazy and makes excuses for it. Birch get up and do it yourself.
RIP Leslie Cochran
I made it my mission this week to destroy you on Foursquare. Mission accomplished.
Merry Christmas and happy Holidays everyone! Being 1/2 Norwegian,I cook Lutefisk and lefse with Krumkake cookies Christmas eve.
Merry Christmas Everyone! Have a wonderful christmas! <3 ^_^
I'm a huge fan I love u soo much and u r soo cute<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> and ur such a great actor <333
Sad girl
Lets see if Cro Cop taught Igor his infamous headkick.
haha I'll stretch you out again!(;
Thanks, Rach! Always a pleasure consulting with you and Riley. :)
We are so glad you could join us and enjoyed the luncheon!
oh man! I saw Zumanity like three years ago in Vegas and I loved it. Mark's a smart guy! Have fun!
Having either A:tendinitis or B:slight achilles tear makes walking through wegmans pre super bowl not so pleasant.
As an attorney, I feel the odds are at least 10 to 1 that the answer to your question is "maybe."
Success is a team sport. Surround yourself with people who are high-achievers. They will spur you on to bigger and greater things.
Keeping my eyelids open is like my 3rd exam of the day & I'm failing miserably!
New research shows a daily aspirin may help prevent and treat cancer.
thank you!!
#27 on my algebra homework was hard x3
IDGAF! Shut up BITCH!!!
was in by 1:20... A new world record. Used my super sneaky driving skilz... LOL
Oh and tell your momma Happy Mother's Day!! :)
This cherry berry chiller is a killer
One more day left for you to come take advantage of our anniversary drink specials! Open tomorrow 8am to 5pm:)
A new video from our Heroic Journey program was just posted...it's very powerful
TGIFF: Thank God it's Fajita Friday! Whatcha doing for dinner tonight? Who's in?
If you didn't get it right last year remember we serve a God of second chances. Happy New Year!
Summer is here, do you have an outdoor kitchen? visit WWW.blackforestremodelandtile.com to learn more
: This is the worst group of candidates running for anything I ever saw. I pray for a brokered convention at this point.
yeah (: I think he's passing the work back now :b
Did you miss the 1st special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa? Follow #xeroxdrupa for details of the next one hall 8b
The Black Keys give me a boner.
Presenters in each session will have access to a web-connected computer terminal and projector at #THATCamp Columbus to share files/sites.
hey, gotta help where I can..
When we off we off but when we ball we BALL OUT!!
thanks so much man! We really appreciate the love! Please share with your friends!
RT : What say ? MT Carlos would be an improvement.Carlos the Racing Chorizo
I just did an Insanity workout and I havent had ice cream in 3 days. Something is wrong.
i love how i still get text messages from friends informing me that wmyb is on the radio
I hope they do! Or go to HHI 2012
looking for ways to give back to your community in 2012? Find out how you can help at-risk teens!
#Ignite-Joe Manos-6 must haves for direct marketing campaigns-find it on www.tginc.com/ignite
Lol they Gym Make up Tweet... Dude U Crazy..
Rice Owls 4, UCF 2, the final. Owls are in the championship game Saturday night against .....Houston Cougars!.
Happy Saturday fans! Anyone attending any super sweet concerts this weekend?
Is anyone aware of any locally owned office supply stores in Lakeview/Lincoln Park area? Particularly looking for printer ink :)
Well played, sir. :) You nearly had CNN fooled!
great blog by the way- checking it out now!
If ur down @ FQF, I'm on a panel with - the Mint 3pm! Then check out Trombone Shorty 5:45pm. 2012 - Year of the Trombone!
Watching from Water for People
thanks 4 following me Modeling is my passion Facebook apriss the model & April lakergirl Bynum #FF also me
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday :)
Back to Back!! Salty!
What is your favorite scene from The #Avengers? Hark Facebook fans say it's the scene between The Hulk and Loki.
i dnt like no more either honestly... Thts y i stick to gay man on law n order
Ain't that special. Two tasks. Bring back a W and a new HC! Enjoy! Happy New Year.
So my one-year-old son now calls his mom "mommy" and calls me "mommy".
#Scandal is good, but getting weird... a good death?
its otay :( next time fersure c:
Facebook bought Instagram... Twitter is still my favorite
It would be impossible to describe how I feel about in one tweet. With his presidential run ending, all I can say is thank you.
all day?? How about in years?? Hello - earth to monish?
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it.
Congrats to the new Master P, !
try optic orange. It works.
As a consumer, you’ve been conditioned by advertising to believe that the end of the month is the best time to buy a vehicle
April 20th: Come to "Las Cruces Hispano Chamber of Commerce's 20th Annual Banquet feat. NOSOTROS"
wow u sure do cuss alot!!!
Sent you a message on FB - wondering about something for a student!
Call in today and get 1000 business cards for only 29.99.Call today and have your cards by Friday.720-542-6105.The Global Elements!
no it's hotter then a bitch!!
yes ok
Wow, shocking! I never knew that! But I knew that Bret Michaels of Poison was a diabetic.
Thanks. I'm just worried about drinking at this point, not who comes to graduation haha.
Ok #Nuggets gotta do it here!!! Send them fuckers packing!!
not bad so far... Near LA now. Instagram coming soon :)
Thanks for the shout out, Rob! Much appreciated!!
Daniel Pinks' Free Agent Nation a good look at emerging work trends but technologically dated...of course pub in 2001
guys do it too :(
Prosser, "The Jud Commission is trying to accomplish through this prosecution what some of its members failed to achieve at the ballot box."
i cannot wait for baseball tonight. and i do not mean the tv show.
Wow, you people on Twitter are fast.
Can social media be used for the social good?
great post and thanks for sharing
Worst music for the NFC game
me too ^.^ are you going to the fights Saturday? (:
A little hottie. A must follow--->
______s are impressed by strippers cakes and fakeNbake...fill in the blank
Hunter Hayes has some of the cutest and sweetest songs.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
smiling that you favorited our tweet. Thanks! Today was a beautiful day spreading positivity.
Definitely need to make that move to Philly...
Okay. Some people in this world is pathetic. SOLDIERS ARE HEROS!!!!!
Ugh. Why are there 751 differences between my bootstrap.css file from a while ago and the one I just downloaded from github?
Much appreciate your mentions:
let's see . If I make that $ it will be . If not they were idiots and it was a waste . Lol
how as last night?
I just took a moment to look at my mommy... She rolls out of the bed beautiful. Geez. Lol Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
I love that Amanda Tanner isn't some picture-perfect uber-young hottie. Very 42.
Death is actually the second most common fear among people these days -- The first being failure.
Wow! This dude next to me just parked and hit the car in front of him! He smiles and says #GoodDay to me! Lmao!
Just returned from Palm Beach. Was welcomed warmly. It was a good visit. Temple Emanu-el of Palm Beach is an exceptional synagogue!
HAHAHA I wasn't but I really should…
That would definitely count as the "Annexation of Puerto Rico".
i never want to move again...
catching up on the new #svu i missed last night
oh right, that. I knew that.... I did, but she doesn't know who's group i'm in! Gah.
Marissa Alexander learned her numerous motions for a retrial To the Florida Court were denied by Circuit Court Judge James Daniel.
A Canuck wins the Kentucky Derby.....wow
That could have been bad. Ha!
That's pretty much how it's done.
c y'all n france 4 the 3rd beyond borders diversity in cannes filmmaker symposium!
Go Christian! Rep the HSPLO!
good! I went bus hopping, now im at the cluster meet
I brought a book and a chair...the dogs bring the entertainment.
Hurricane!!! Come back! Nyc has been no good to you. First the heat, then the quake, now this
See, I tweeted you.
Whew! Stevie and now Paul...Ebony and Ivory, perhaps?
Confronting the big empty...
Holy hell, ! You're pulling out all the stops with the "how bout that coffee" spot. If she says no, we'll go!
No time for a market trip today, must forage something palatable from chickpeas, canned salmon, & a sweet potato. Better chefs have failed.
Working on some custom designs for The Girlfriend Season!
I am! and Hooray! How about you? RT : Straw poll: who's around Memorial Day weekend? And how do you feel about picnics?
Thank you for the follow Daniel
for who I want to be nosy lol
hay girl
Wow, throws one heck of a party! Even though my ping pong team lost in the first round, I had a great time.
Just witnessed: #SlappingTheNoodle in OP.
had a great time at #neaspring10 !
ahahah yes i do and i already have
